"Whenever I See a Post Complaining About Downvotes"
"Seeing the same thing posted multiple times by the same person in 'new'"
"What the..."
"My friend went to Costco today..."
"Puss with troll."
"bath"
"Custom made wedding bands with waveform of the couple’s own voices. ”I do”."
"Wedding bands with etched wave-form of the couple saying &quot;I do&quot;"
"Self-Shot Difficulty Level: ASIAN."
"Local Multi-player gaming at its best."
"That's precious"
"Favorite brand of rice..."
"Hey  Parker."
"This will not end well"
"Man breathing a giant fireball"
"And they wonder why we don't take them seriously..."
"The workaholics do sexting right"
"DIALGA used TIME WARP"
"Can't stop laughing."
"When you go swimming and the water is too cold"
"I see your Walmart and raise you my local ASDA."
"Good on you  Kavil. - Queensland Rail"
"You really can't help but enjoy this."
"Thug life has certainly changed."
"Defensive Cat."
"HDMI  now with virus protection."
"I tripped  I fell  I landed on his"
"Your favourite GIF"
"Unexpected Reaction"
"You know  I think I've finally got my life on track..."
"MRW a foreign girl tells me she's only attracted to me for my Australian accent"
"Me when I realize I have accidentally stumbled into /r/politics"
"How I feel when I see my friend arguing with their parents."
"How I feel when I realized everybody knows my Reddit account after posting my own link on Facebook"
"When my neighbor with anger problems starts yelling at his four year old daughter."
"R/atheism debunked"
"This eggplant has a face (x-post from r/mildlyinteresting)"
"This is why I love the Olympics."
"You can see the struggle in his eyes"
"To all you hunters"
"Scoop ! Picture of a Giant Hairy Cute Worms ! Don't miss it !"
"Llama-pillar"
"This is my job."
"Mwahahahahaha!"
"Not sure if repost  but this came up on my Twitter feed."
"What standing up for your opinions is really like on Reddit"
"Everytime I try to post [FIXED]"
"I made a downvote gif"
"A female's worst nightmare turned into a prank"
"baby elephant love"
"Always Look Both Ways"
"Bumble Bee Crash"
"It just works."
"Atheism has led to the greatest form of cruelty and violations of justice..."
"In case you were wondering  this is how you do it"
"Skiing  thats all"
"way better"
"Only in Canada."
"Happy horse is happy [NSFW]"
"Looked up &quot;Satan Hitler&quot;. Close enough"
"Only idiots would do this..."
"Mighty fine popcorn."
"Smoking kills"
"Door! WTF!"
"Oh look at that!"
"Oh really... (x-post /r/atheism)"
"Just got a new job and they are making us use Internet Explorer. This is how I feel"
"When I'm getting yelled at by a customer  going from school  straight to work."
"ScatCat - Literally."
"Children's story books at their best."
"The Internet"
"Everyone make sure to stock up for the hurricane."
"I can't stand people trying to scare me with &quot;hell.&quot;"
"When theists try illogically debating me  I resort to this."
"I don't understand why I'm friends with these people on Facebook..."
"You liked a picture?"
"My friends cancelled our plans to hang out  and this is what happened. (x-post from IASIP)"
"And thus he did"
"It's an old gif  but I can't stop but say... fuck..."
"Rioters thank police with food for helping fat man out of trousers"
"Who knew Paula Dean had such a great body?"
"Paula Dean is one hell of a chick"
"Still my favourite picture on the internet"
"The Land Before Time"
"Facebook bros"
"parenting  you're doing it right"
"X-Ray Photography"
"Einstein in fuzzy slippers."
"Albert Einstein's slippers."
"Whenever I try to start a conversation with an attractive female"
"Everyones reaction when their song request comes on the radio."
"Good read to start the long weekend"
"Umm... good to know..."
"This job makes me feel so alive."
"Only in ireland!"
"How to ruin someone's day"
"Smallest Functional Bike Out There [GIF]"
"Every action has a reaction"
"Awesome maskot"
"Whilst listening to Mumford and Son's new album"
"When I get a compliment"
"I must go  my people need me!"
"Like I give a fuck."
"Baby Dolphin"
"What's wrong dad"
"When I Found Out BangBus Was Staged..."
"How it feels pleasuring your woman for hours and suddenly ...."
"&quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring&quot; 1665 - Johannes Vermeer"
"This is a killer social commentary."
"Every. Genital. You. Own. [Fixed]"
"Repost from /r/wtf I understand  but I dont"
"A true nightmare for r/trees."
"The tallest ever NBA player and the shortest ever NBA player played together for one season for the Washington Bullets (1987-88) - Manute Bol and Muggsy Bogues"
"I can and do  watch this for hours on end"
"As a Canadian  this gif is perfect"
"My favorite children's story"
"Baby Hippo!"
"My Pig"
"1N1TIAT3"
"no matter how many time I see this. it still gets to me."
"One time  at bear camp..."
"No more tequila for this cat"
"Epic Pokemon gif to pokemon theme"
"And thus  Instagram was created. - Imgur"
"how to dress your kids."
"Year of the Dragon"
"Staying awake in a really boring class."
"Haha  Get it?"
"Brotherly love"
"Photogenic Cop and Streaker."
"Why so serious?"
"Snoop's Last Supper."
"Just noticed this from the Last Supper [Fixed] [Fixed]"
"Iron Man'S iRON bOx"
"Not so socially awkward penguin with a cute girl"
"One of my favourite photos from the interwebs..."
"Shut up Charles..."
"The only reason I watched the Red Bull skydiving event"
"You know who else didn't care about fuel efficiency?"
"Found in a History book. Good way to encourage car sharing for people who are Hitlerphobic"
"Got back from class  found this in my bedroom"
"This happens once per month (So sad)"
"I miss this guy"
"Enough is enough."
"My response to ''why do you smoke pot?''."
"The most disgusting cat in the world"
"A scarecrow living up to its name"
"Meanwhile in North Korea?"
"Meanwhile in North Korea"
"TaDa!"
"I don't think this is what he meant"
"OK Slippy"
"Damn gnats..."
"There's no hope for the human race"
"Holy Carp!"
"Identity crisis? NSFW"
"Whenever I see a repost..."
"Just taking a dog on a run.."
"This happened at midnight."
"But is it midnight?"
"I just sent my bf this.. at midnight...yup...i'm that kinda girl..."
"When does it bacon? Right now."
"Amusing Ourselves to Death - Huxley / Orwell. Illustrated breakdown."
"But why?.."
"Just a cat in SPA"
"Someone's excited"
"When I see you."
"Hot tubbing in an igloo village below Mt. Matterhorn in Switzerland"
"Icelandic hot tub"
"Back then..I seriously thought today would be like what it was in that movie."
"Facebook gem  a bunch of my friends keep falling for this  so one tried to show them what's up."
"Hey guys check out my Friend Owling on a Huge Cat!"
"Troll Dad"
"Do YOU believe in magic?"
"NOPE!"
"Good Guy Spider"
"NPH and Elmo know how to party"
"WTF Jesus"
"True Love"
"I am ready for the ravioli now."
"Popped up on Facebook"
"Doc tells Marty how it is.."
"Just got back from an incredible African Safari where I saw some amazing animals. These are the best pics I took of them [imgur album]"
"Back from an African Safari. Saw some mind blowing aminals and places  here are my best pictures of them [imgur album]"
"When people says our government needs &quot;Christian Morals&quot;... - Imgur"
"Michael Fuckin Jackson (hoping not a repost)"
"Pug in pugs"
"Being in college and hearing high school students saying how hard their work is"
"I guess I'm going to hell for laughing at this . . ."
"It looks rather friendly"
"W. and Pedobear - It Takes Two"
"Real Life Cereal Characters"
"asus paper scissors"
"Me the minute work ends"
"Feel the music..."
"ATTACK!"
"That's a licker to me"
"/r/gonewild in a nutshell"
"gone_wild in a nutshell"
"Really glad this is what comes up when you Google image search 'Anne Hathaway'"
"The zombie kid apocalypse. Always loved this."
"Liu Kang wins [NSFW]"
"Five minutes left on my cake day  eh?"
"Trying to set up a YouTube account nowadays"
"when Batman meets Disney - fb gold"
"Pengu loves Kernkraft 400"
"When I realise I screwed up the text in my advice animal and I've already posted the link"
"Awesome Canadian Reddit Moment"
"How I feel when clicking refresh and seeing more and more upvotes"
"Dub Bear"
"Personally  one of my favorite face swaps"
"My friend did this great photoshop work of the lion with the head of a pigeon"
"Well that's impressive."
"Jebus?"
"The face of Jesus"
"Are we talking about the weather  or my ex-girlfriend?"
"Circlebeard"
"My &quot;O face&quot; during No Shave November"
"My reaction to my new bosses &quot;Half work day on fridays&quot; policy"
"Nuclear lunch detected"
"It's all in the legs."
"Methematical! Cooking Time. [x-post from r/BreakingBad]"
"Hate drawing guides."
"snake poison reacts to blood"
"if there are testicles present you can rest assured that projectiles will find them"
"Albert &quot;Bitch-slayer&quot; Einstein"
"Gay marriage"
"Gay Marriage is a Slippery Slope"
"Does that even need to be said..."
"Look closely..."
"The only [other] [other] time you should be confused by bathroom signs."
"The only other [other] time to be confused at a restroom sign."
"My boyfriend spent a good 5 minutes complaining about this."
"My favourite GIF of all time.."
"Is Steam telling fat jokes now?"
"How it feels like when I post a comment contrary to popular opinion on Reddit."
"My girlfriends reaction when we bought a king bed"
"Whenever I see an NSFW tagged post with only rage faces"
"How I picture r/gaming today..."
"not sure why I find this so amusing."
"... The End"
"The New and Improved KKK"
"OAG.."
"Discovering you made it to the Frontpage accidentally"
"Let this serve as a PSA for future parents"
"Pretty women  right?"
"The wind never had a chance"
"Posting a text based post in /r/funny"
"How I feel on reddit at times..."
"I think I will kill myself now. (Honey boo boo and Whale mother in a pageant together.)"
"Coolest dog ever"
"Barney Stinson  3 months."
"All of the white people at Obama's party tonight"
"Behind the scenes.."
"So I found this picture...I didn't expect that."
"Local news always brings us the top stories."
"Finish it."
"So i was looking for a picture of Bear Cavalry on imgur and found this..."
"Searched 'Merica and got this. Was not disappointed."
"I AM SEXY AND I KNOW IT"
"Do something with this. My friend's dog simply doesn't give a shit. Smug bastard."
"how I feel making overtime this week"
"After getting more than 10 upvotes"
"Creepy fucking make-up"
"Battlefield 3 Logic"
"BATMAN VS. SUPERMAN."
"Brings back memories."
"I think this'll make class much more enjoyable"
"Hip Hop"
"These cats come back."
"Brendon Chaney is on a highway to hell."
"You shouldn't have done that  Brendon..."
"Beware online"
"The scariest Halloween decorations ever."
"They Know There Target Audience"
"... Wait."
"*sniff*"
"Reddit's reaction to the Mars landing."
"The inside of a Leatherback Turtle's mouth. Thank god they only eat Jellyfish!"
"This gets funnier with every view"
"90's cartoon goodness"
"Other kids made fun of his ballet skills. Secretly.... he waits in the shadows."
"So we don't celebrate Thanksgiving in Australia..."
"The only acceptable duckface  IMO"
"I couldn't find the shovel so I used the top of my bin instead. Exactly how I feel:"
"Hit and run"
"Kid from &quot;UP&quot; in real life."
"Blue Crush"
"I give to you Rocky Potter."
"That feel."
"OHHHH LAWDY"
"I've been a lurker here for a while now  but today I had an idea with the Plague Inc. app that I think you'll enjoy."
"Knock out FAP"
"I think she wants attention too."
"When what i believe is a witty  and smart comment gets downvoted into oblivion in a matter of seconds."
"My thoughts on police brutality"
"B.A.M.F."
"WHAT THE F*** DO YOU GUYS WANT?"
"Bringing slavery back one zombie at a time"
"The meaning of the universe contained in a single sentence."
"Official Reddit Keyboard"
"How I feel after one full year of Redditing."
"Waking up on mondays.."
"lost my cat"
"Totally worth it."
"Optimistic goose."
"Took this picture last night  30 sec exposure. Its the view from my windows"
"How peanut butter is made"
"How I feel when I'm bored of Reddit but I don't want to pay attention in class."
"Vincent van Whoa"
"Take me out to the bal......."
"In 24 hours  I will donate $3000 to Justin Bieber for hist asthma attack. For every upvote I will donate $1 less."
"This is what happens when you leave your car window slightly open in Asia  and a woman steals your car"
"Metapod used harden..."
"My teammates in any online FPS"
"Ex Storm Troopers"
"Lieutenant Dan You Got New Legs"
"Some men just want to watch the world learn ..."
"perfection."
"Truly great art is timeless"
"FIRST!!1!1"
"FIRST!!1!1 [EDIT]"
"To those who whine about Crown Vic drivers"
"That moment in your life you realize all people are inherently selfish."
"Ill just leave this here"
"True plight of the onions."
"What the First Porn Drawer must have felt like. (SFW)"
"Well played Mr Cooper  well played."
"The Average Cat"
"Step 1: You put the cat in the box"
"WTH!?"
"My Soul."
"hearing that my ex-girlfriend now deals meth"
"How I feel looking when I look up my exxes"
"When middle schoolers walk through the high school hallway (we share a building)"
"When my guitar pick falls in the sound hole."
"Settin' the mood"
"The horses are not amused"
"GANGNAM STYLE!"
"Gangnam Style!"
"NYC Flooded and Black Without Power"
"Saw a box of these in an episode of Friends. Why must they take away everything that I love?"
"Introducing  the Burning Dragon"
"Human dragon"
"So apparently some Germans vacuum the air out of train tanks before scrapping them and bet on how long it takes for them to implode."
"Twilight is like Soccer..."
"The prison cell of Al Capone."
"Owls have Mondays too....."
"Da bears"
"This is always my response to Karma  Girls  and Magnets."
"just on my way to work  nbd"
"8-bits of supper"
"Kim Jong Il's dark legacy"
"Flawless logic on facebook this evening."
"Being in New England  this is how I feel every time I hear about the fires in Colorado"
"Colorado Springs"
"cool dog"
"This is what is happening in my redneck home town."
"They know how they do in tokyo"
"Babies!"
"We are babies if you please."
"Nearly everyone here  trying to reach Front Page..."
"Jedi vs Christians (x-post from /r/funny)"
"My friend's dog is so cute &lt;3"
"Spongebob's Diner"
"13 hours until Torchlight II unlocks on Steam"
"Tupacorn"
"Love at first smooch."
"Reactions"
"This is how we would look"
"catuum"
"My reaction to every email I get from my college"
"&quot;On reddiquette&quot;"
"Whenever I see one of those long inspirational/atheist quotes"
"I noticed that you've written a very long comment about how people on the internet are insensitive...."
"Michael Scott on break ups"
"How I feel after working the same job for 5 years."
"Aww...."
"Sure it's been a while"
"You are it! Meele hit an enemy to tag them!"
"The &quot;Ring of Life&quot; landscape architecture in Fushun  Liaoning province  China"
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"Redditor buys sandwiches from Subway and puts them in his trunk  all for that sweet bacon chicken and ranch karma."
"Vader Family [gif]"
"How I feel when someone tries to stop a pun thread  and it keeps going."
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Busted"
"So Fresh So Clean"
"FALCON PUNCH!!!!!!!"
"Another reason to hate YOLO-ers"
"How I feel during cake day when my cat doesn't get any upvotes"
"Browsing Reddit at 6:00 AM"
"Highlight of the Saturday morning search  here's a shaved alpaca"
"Cut the crap and kiss me!"
"i laughed a little to hard at this"
"It's shit like this Facebook. Not even used correctly. shm"
"Oh Facebook.. I worry about you sometimes."
"WTF  women?"
"Bought in supermarket 'Morrisons'... Well at least it's organic"
"I took this photo  then decided I could put away my camera. [FTFY]"
"How I feel when I see Emma Stone"
"I now find this option very useful."
"I take online classes. How I feel about all you early wake ups"
"How a guy Redditor gets dumped"
"You know you're a little too into video games when..."
"Looks Legit"
"Seems legit"
"Can anyone tell me what breed this puppy is?"
"How I imagine reaching a [10] would be"
"Today we are going to learn how to kill a Walrus"
"It's my birthday today so here is my favorite birthday gif"
"Invasion of the Birthday Snatchers"
"When they pull out the ice cream..."
"1/2 a Cup of Aww in the Morning!"
"spin me round."
"Skrillex fans"
"This picture has been bouncing around facebook. If this is a re-post  I beg your pardon. I wish I knew to whom I could give credit but regretfully  I don't know."
"5 out of 6 kids enjoy sac races"
"Just a little help for Mists of Pandaria..."
"Let the paws be with you!"
"May The Woof Be With You"
"The origin of Angry Birds?"
"When someone else gets lots of upvotes for something you posted first [Fixed]"
"At least he's honest....."
"Subtle advertising"
"APPLE Sues GOD!"
"Every redditor's dream job."
"Makes sense."
"When I try waking up my girlfriend in the middle of the night for a blowjob"
"How I imagine Michael Jordan would change a tire"
"I hate it when this happens"
"NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"If you squint you can see Jesus"
"Happy 70th  Bob Ross. Such a G"
"If butthead was a girl IRL"
"Goodbye cruel world....."
"How to prank your friends (Fixed)"
"This guy gets all the ladies!"
"ROBOT ROBOT ROBOT"
"I will teach my son the dance of our people."
"Mmmm... lime... UGH FUCK WHAT FUCK NO UGH WHAT THE"
"Cuteness overload"
"I could do this all day."
"Aw yeah  Death"
"The Mayans were right. The world did end in 2012..."
"Only got 4 upvotes for my cakeday post...this is how I felt"
"I found out it was my cake day today... at 11 p.m."
"Opportunistic dog"
"Now THIS is art!"
"Walken Wonderland"
"Putting things into perspective: A view of Earth through the rings of Saturn. (Earth is the tiny dot in the upper left quadrant of the rings.)"
"A friend of mine is building a bridge in Norway.. Winter has arrived"
"Sink full of cats"
"Debate hair swap"
"Here's to your repost post... [repost]"
"He mad  bro."
"A failsafe way to get onto the front page"
"Shut yo mouth!"
"I live on the rough side of town"
"How about a little scissor art?"
"Slumber Party Antics [gif]"
"Hugging the Turns"
"The Classic &quot;You laugh  you lose&quot;"
"Cagex"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  Skrillcolas Cage."
"Freeze  Michael Scarn!"
"Works in a pinch."
"Harry bin Laden."
"Brownsville Independent School District"
"What doesn't happen on Reddit..."
"Banana stem"
"I heard /r/wtf likes frosting."
"How to sit at a computer..."
"Attempt at Re-swaping."
"Bus driver uppercuts a girl after she attacks him. Then throws her off the bus."
"Move bitch!"
"When I open my laptop to discover that all the links are still purple"
"This brings new meaning to the term &quot;mobile home&quot;"
"I am more than certain that this belongs here."
"Anyone up for some fruit?"
"A New Hope"
"Ratooine!"
"Damn it."
"Walt Disney's Star Wars"
"Dried up shovel-nose shark carcass."
"How I feel right after my last exam"
"Like my Scrumbleship?"
"Receiving my cakeday wishes on facebook as a guy"
"This is a sign... His Holiness in the sky..."
"stop it!"
"Not sure if I'm proud  or feeling awkward..."
"Abandoned mill from 1866 (x-post from r/pics)"
"Josh Romney  American Psycho Romney Edition !!!"
"Grand Theft Grocery"
"Meanwhile in Edmonton..."
"Fractal patterns in dried out desert rivers"
"Dusk dismantled!"
"I'll see your napping semis and raise you a trampoline (literally)"
"So  how do you like my new girlfriend?"
"This is Norm  and this was a bad idea.."
"One please (x-post from /r/comics)"
"How I feel when I'm about to leave for work on a Friday"
"How I felt when the last day of summer started."
"Dawn of the last day"
"Its finally here guys..."
"Norway sunrise in a bubble"
"Altruism"
"&quot;Soft kitty  warm kitty Little ball of furr Lazy kitty  pretty kitty purr  purr  purr&quot;"
"Mean while in NZ"
"How i felt about the storm sandy -.-"
"Knock Knock Mr. President"
"Old as time itself  but my favorite picture."
"Arctic Fox"
"i think my cat is trying to tell me something..."
"i think my cat is trying to tell me something..."
"Ground control to major dog"
"Baby Transformers"
"So i killed a guy with an EOD bot in Battlefield 3... How I imagine he feels."
"When someone reposts your post from months ago..... and theirs gets upvoted to oblivion!!!"
"I found a perfect gradation of red checkered shirts at the thrift store"
"Ninja works it"
"hm"
"The population of the American Bison decreased to less than 1000 by 1890 due to hunting."
"Might be faked"
"Two fingers  please"
"So I was googling &quot;kitty surprise&quot; to find pictures of an old childhood toy  and this came up in the search."
"This is how I feel today"
"Work on a Monday and Reddit's Down?"
"Thomas no!"
"This looks just wrong!"
"Porn and Disney are responsible for the most frustrated human beings I know"
"dessert"
"Brave child..."
"Pew Pew Pew"
"Solid Snake Kitteh"
"Reddit's suggested reading!"
"Mount Rainier Erupting beautiful lenticular clouds"
"Putin VS Democratic Election (sunday)"
"Not sure if repost but i found it funny."
"How you hate monday mornings a little bit less."
"New twist on a classic."
"Prepare your cheeks."
"I accidentally.. the whole building"
"Simple beauty... A million colors..."
"Went to the coffee shop today..."
"Why is the cameraman filming?"
"If you do this  FUCK YOU! I'm sure $140 could have gotten you and your kids a week worth of groceries  but instead you spend it one one meal?! For shame!"
"The One card i never leave home without."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Hello? Is it me you're looking for?"
"Why god never got a PHD"
"Why God never received a PhD"
"7 hours"
"Tough Chicks"
"How to lose someone's trust."
"my 1st attempt at this"
"Is this really the best they've got?"
"When my post has plenty of comments but no upvotes/downvotes"
"He did a speech"
"Calm down"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"Sweet moves"
"It's that time of year again =)"
"If aliens learned our language through XBox Live"
"I am Skeleton Jelly!"
"Barack and Michelle's Celebration Dance"
"Facebook These Days..."
"She seems like a fun person to hang out with."
"After using dual monitors for the first time"
"I bet we could explore the galaxy."
"Accomplishment. [x-post r/hammocks]"
"WAIT A SECOND..."
"One of the math teachers at my school went all out for Halloween today."
"35 years separates these two pictures."
"Flawless victory!"
"Odin Vs. Jesus"
"Getting an upvote"
"If this is Wills mom"
"Went on 4Chan and saw this ..."
"[New to reddit] So I'm at work(!) looking through reddit and stumbles upon the senctence &quot;../r/spacedicks..&quot;. I try it and..."
"This kid could save Melbourne"
"My kind of soup!"
"Soup of the day..."
"Everytime i see a cockroach."
"Polyatheist"
"No hammocking for you"
"?"
"Anytime someone says to stare at the screen for a minute"
"Friend posted this on my Facebook. What?"
"Googled &quot;king of reddit&quot;. After several pictures of Larry King  this glorious masterpiece emerged."
"Supermodels without makeup"
"Sup."
"How you doin'?"
"If i was snape i would also have had flipped some tables..."
"When a response to my comment gets more upvotes than mine"
"A single uncut sheet of paper"
"A newborn baby gorilla at Melbourne Zoo gets a checkup at the hospital and shows surprise at the coldness of the stethoscope. (xpost from r/pics)"
"What's up? Oh  nothing much. Just hanging."
"Every time I see someone open IE."
"This picture by Hubble is the most zoomed-in picture ever created by man."
"Woke up and found out I made the front page"
"Sexy America!"
"Nothing has made me cringe this hard in a long time"
"A friend of mine snapped this picture of a cop on the interstate yesterday.."
"NEW 9/11 footage  shows what REALLY happened to the world trade center!"
"Here comes the..."
"kitty playing basket ball."
"Reddit after tonight's VP debate"
"Something about this picture always gets me"
"I made the mistake of commenting about Mac versus PC gaming computers and then looked at my inbox"
"Classy."
"I er... just no! Eggs  do not do that!"
"I er... just no! Eggs  do not do that!"
"The Americans guide to Non-American Football..."
"Han Ross  happy little Millennium Falcon"
"Burden of proof."
"Knitting is the gang-bang."
"Mind = Blown"
"Oh we're posting art we've made? Here's something I made in my parents basement. Probably my greatest achievement or whatever."
"Music causes seizures!"
"Creepy  where is this from?"
"The cat and the fiddle"
"So cute! He just wants a fwiend"
"A herd of Manta Rays"
"When you wake up and there's no blue links to check out while on the toilet..."
"Found this on FB thought redditor will enjoy it!"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"THE BEST DISGUISE EVER."
"Submerged"
"panda.. panda.. panda.. car!"
"No need to be so lazyy"
"quite a haircut"
"colours"
"art major"
"Kansas City Library"
"Emma doesn't want to be a GIF... I think it may be a little late for that..."
"Haters gonna hate..."
"uni-cycle"
"All Hail."
"Bio-mechanic Politics"
"&quot;No questions asked&quot;"
"Memphis &quot;gun control&quot;"
"Trying hard to stay awake."
"My Life"
"This pic makes me laugh!"
"Inner Peace"
"When someone insults you jokingly"
"Tri-State Winner - Walter White"
"Tri-State Winner - Walter White"
"How I feel after 1 or 2 squats"
"Ad Subtlety"
"The greatest faceswap ever [FIXED]"
"This shouldn't be a thing...."
"I've done all these things"
"Soup"
"After falling in love with a stray kitten at my parents' house  my boyfriend just told me how deathly allergic he is."
"Most realistic Iron Man costume I've seen to date."
"How stupid can you be?"
"You got to push it."
"Thanks mom"
"Thanks mum"
"Got bored in class and started playing a game when this pops up. I guess the developer is a redditor..."
"The creators of Agent Dash understand Reddit"
"Love it or hate it......."
"Reading through the &quot;Most Fucked Up Stories Thread.&quot;"
"How I feel trying to get some karma for my cake day.."
"Someone said this would be the perfect picture if it had a cat..."
"The moment i realise there is toilet paper stuck to my shoe.."
"Don't do drugs  Don't shoplift"
"At least there's cake.."
"i love sensitive guys"
"Why I lose in FIFA"
"Pompadour"
"Pickup on a truck on a truck on a truck"
"Spear Fishing - The Wrong Way [NSFW]"
"What'd you say?"
"Dog rage faces"
"So my 32 yr old uncle just shared this picture on facebook."
"The IWAR"
"I'm sure many of you have seen this  but for my cake day I give you my favorite picture on the internet."
"When someone shares the Link you posted on Facebook without liking or commenting your original post."
"Naked Llama"
"Sweet beard bro..."
"Yall coming to my party?"
"Who took my food?"
"A dance with the departed"
"Did they leave yet?"
"Breaking News!"
"Steven Seagal hates children"
"Searched for &quot;the best picture on the internet&quot;  I was not disappointed by the result"
"I Googled &quot;The Greatest Picture on the Internet&quot;  and wasn't disappointed."
"ERMAHGERD"
"Not sure if funny or horrifying?"
"&quot;We can steal the Declaration of Independence together!&quot;"
"What."
"Collision Lights"
"Sid?"
"I loved this guy..."
"The Captain from Ipanema"
"Saw this wallpaper on r/wallpaper.... but I really think it should have a place here instead"
"Those weren't puppy dog eyes"
"This little guy needed his &quot;Puppy Dog Face&quot; to be here (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Colored Pencils."
"Simba tends not to listen"
"Original Lazy as fuck eating device [fixed]"
"Sorry honey  I forgot to turn The Flash on  can we take it again?"
"My reaction when someone tells me homosexuality is against their religious values"
"what Green Eggs and Ham is REALLY about..."
"I found the ultimate badly used meme on my facebook newsfeed [FB]"
"They got Frank!"
"The imgur game can find some wierd stuff"
"We're always told to smile more. This is what I picture them seeing when they don't smile back.."
"Rudolph lost his shit"
"The PandApocalypse"
"Presenting: The Homer"
"My reaction to all of the replacement refs calls"
"My Noble Steed."
"Safety first (x-post r/pics)"
"Yup! He took a sh*t."
"at least he's getting some  i guess [nsfw]"
"Dog Riding Lawnmower"
"Well that was.. unexpected"
"How I feel when cramming for law school final exams"
"My morning reddit check went something like this"
"Being a European on Reddit these days."
"Me on reddit the last few days"
"There's a camp for that?"
"The Beginning of Borderlands 2..."
"browsing reddit as an european guy today"
"How I feel as a Swede on reddit lately"
"The Warwick Davis AMA"
"Great advice for life."
"&quot;Is it wrong to hate a certain race?&quot;"
"rage comics are back on the front page"
"Fuck places that have these in their restrooms."
"Scumbag mirror (repost from x/funny)"
"Epic Spider Fight (x post from Gifsound)"
"Fabulous Kombat"
"Obama explaining the Osama Bin Laden operation."
"still my favorite Obama moment"
"Just an Alison Brie gif"
"Atheist Drive-Through"
"I'd give my first-born for a burger."
"Will this be enough?"
"A blizzard is never late  nor is it early. It arrives exactly when it means to."
"We lost him six years ago today. Reddit  in honor of Steve  do something for nature today!"
"This came up a few days ago on Facebook  I was saddened by the horrid misuse of memes."
"Mugshots used to be classy (1925 criminal)."
"Criminal Mugshot from New South Wales Crica 1925"
"My friends convinced me to text the girl I like and ask her out. This is what the room looked like while we were waiting for her response:"
"SANDWICH BITCH OWNED LOL!"
"Felix Baumgartner has been practicing since birth."
"The only French word you know is &quot;buffet&quot;."
"Why do you have to hurt  Steve?"
"One of the best cat GIFs ever."
"Dat' Add!"
"Still better acting than Kristen Stewart"
"Hold all my calls"
"I ran naked with your grandma because hoes keep stealing my tacos!"
"Nailed It"
"If You're Jesus And You Know It"
"Epic mugging fail!"
"Not Bad"
"I don't wanna get old"
"Every time I click on a /r/gonewild post and see a naked woman."
"Best zombie game ever?"
"Timelapse"
"Grumpy cat during the holidays."
"Tell me.....What is next?"
"Baby Dubstep"
"Oh god!"
"Honey  where are my bricks?"
"That didn't quite go to plan (Fail)"
"I want to wish all of reddit a happy Leif Erikson Day!"
"Dr Cooper and Amy Farrah Fowler in a parallel universe"
"Dr Cooper and Amy Farrah Fowler in a parallel universe"
"MRW I realize that I have nothing to show for my summer except imaginary internet points."
"Summer Lake &lt;-&gt; Winter Park"
"Green Lake in Austria that is a hiking trail for half the year  and a diving destination for the other. [x/post from r/waterporn]"
"Can you feel the suuun!"
"Every time I try to post something Funny"
"This is my crazy uncle who thinks he has superhero powers"
"Randomly searched &quot;horse cock&quot;. Found this..."
"Closer to the dark side."
"Utterly terrifying"
"About that newspaper..."
"Ed O'Neill isn't the only one reading the same paper.."
"Drake: “i quit  i quit.”"
"Wait for it... wait for it..."
"Hello Clarice."
"Liftoff (x-post from r/pics &amp; r/perfecttiming)"
"The ultimate Atheist-Christian resource"
"Just One Of Those Days"
"Because there is no submission criteria anymore"
"Can't touch this."
"Tummy touch"
"I've been trying to tell her this for years...."
"When code compiles successfully at first attempt"
"How I'll be looking at every post on Reddit tomorrow."
"Old or hypochondria?"
"Found this in my newsfeed. There might be hope to facebook after all."
"I laughed much more than I should"
"Grand Theft Auto: Jerusalem"
"doberman dick biter"
"Classic Grandma Humor"
"Zombies are better people than us..."
"VA Beach courtesy of Sandy...Ronald McDonald goes for a swim."
"They were so close..."
"It all makes sense now."
"Good advice."
"Thousands of iPhone 5's going through the Fed Ex distribution center. [Looks like someone is missing out!]"
"The never ending birthday"
"Ive never laughed so hard in my life"
"How I feel after getting Reddit Enhancement Suite"
"What it felt like watching Curiosity land on Mars on my Cake Day."
"Whenever a hot girl from school likes my status"
"Coming back after a few hours and seeing that my post did well"
"Hitler didn't mean for the jews to die!"
"Just a happy dog in a swing"
"Pretty people in a fast boat [gif]"
"Wait for it!"
"A Three Hour Tour... [gif]"
"my favourite desktop background..might be useful too"
"I hate it when this happens."
"I hate it when this happens."
"The new Miley"
"When does this type of action become a 'good idea'?"
"I feel dirty about this  but come one its puppies sleeping"
"Keep it gangsta Bach"
"Flying Peocock"
"My dad tried to check my Internet history while I wasn't looking."
"Opening /WTF links"
"Walked in the wrong classroom today.."
"Death Metal made me do it."
"Maybe you guys will enjoy this more than r/adviceanimals."
"Poor Brian (Fixed for Easter)"
"That must be one hell of a Fun"
"Can't figure out what to post for my Cake Day"
"When your guy keeps putting more and more in the bag"
"Why Birds Don't Fly Away"
"My friends found a fire hydrant (from r/funny)"
"My group just got a raise. This is how we feel."
"Sick of Reposts? {OC}"
"Still one of my favorites"
"Flying Buscemi Monster"
"end of earth"
"History of Art for Redditors"
"I burned my finger and it kind of looks like a penis"
"Fucking Magnets"
"Ghetto Pingu"
"Who needs an iPod?"
"BOO!"
"Open wide"
"COME AT ME BRO"
"Cliffs of Dover"
"Dave Grohl"
"Who's been reposting lately..?"
"Ace Ventura - Pet Detective"
"Anybody else in r/gaming miss this game?"
"Yummy Milkshakes"
"Mark Twain quote satan."
"Pigeon's Frustration"
"In Dubrovnik  Croatia last year  I saw a Google Maps tricycle and got some karma. The tricycle asked for some karma back but couldn't set up a reddit account."
"Submitted a picture of a Google Maps tricycle in Croatia last August. Come to find last night it was lookin' back at me"
"Anyone else notice the BS in the background? (Post from the Mitt Romney facebook page)"
"Ah Justice."
"How is this acceptable again?"
"It was meant to be."
"Jeremy is Grumpy"
"Get in the Cage with Nicholas Cage"
"You know they're coming."
"brace yourselves"
"Damn it Mr Noodle!"
"I want to see more 90's on Gifsound"
"Today's rap in a nutshell"
"Dapper cat is dapper"
"He looks suspicious..."
"I don't even know..."
"My favourite Armstrong"
"dusting off a old classic"
"Crystal Clear."
"First attempt at astrophotography with Saturn."
"A show about a detective with OCD  and this is how they design the box cover for the last season. [X-Post /r/Pics]"
"50 Shades of Gay"
"So there was an earthquake in Maine today. We're all pretty shook up."
"On the power of prayer..."
"When I get no upvotes or downvotes on a post"
"Guess I'll take the stairs.. oh  nevermind."
"Today is the day..."
"Most Expensive dog in the world sold at 1.5 million dollars. The Red Tibetan Mastiff."
"Whenever the dentist tells me to floss more"
"The Dark Knight Converts"
"Secrets of water that you never knew"
"Reddit Comment Template #5"
"/r/gaming lately."
"Oh deer."
"The Lonely Road"
"My response to he makes a poncho look bad ass"
"Imagine your life if you hadn't seen this."
"Stand back guys  I got this."
"Seaside Heights  NJ  I feel this picture really put things in perspective"
"Kjerag mountains in Norway."
"The reason I went threw hundreds of batteries."
"Embrace the greatness that is majestic Nicolas Cage"
"Package for Josh Nichols"
"Hey  lets go to the beach. It'll be fun."
"amazing photo of a frog."
"All shopping carts should have these"
"When my girlfriend changes the channel during the football game."
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
"Damn it feels good to be a Lannister"
"I've been saving this."
"Cock of the Walk"
"Red pill origami."
"The Universal Truth"
"You will not find a more Canadian Picture ((FIXED)FIXED))"
"Mind-Blowing Look at Greta oto  the Translucent Glasswinged Butterfly"
"Teamwork"
"He just left."
"The cat tolerates him ... if only for the massage."
"Fabulous."
"Must have table!"
"Surfing CraigsList when I found an upvote."
"My dog's sleeping position"
"I want to eat there!"
"Does anyone else notice the similarity between civil and gay rights?"
"Give this man a medal"
"This gave me a proper giggle"
"Meet Bender (x-post from r/gifs)"
"MR.Roboto"
"What r/politics will be drinking tonight"
"Waking up with strep throat  3 hours before an interview"
"Oh dollar store"
"Party Terrorist"
"When you drink something really cold and can feel it all the way down."
"Beer Philosophy"
"Saw this on Facebook. Thought it was some brilliant reasoning."
"Oh you silly replacement refs."
"NFL replacement refs have no idea what they're doing (GIF)"
"At least the players know how to signal a touchback."
"R.I.P. replacement referees"
"One Play. Two Calls"
"A BBQ grill suitable for Ron Swanson"
"A river over a river"
"Go Time"
"best face swap [fixed]"
"Nagasaki Before and After the Atomic Bomb"
"Endor"
"After I heard Obama won  I immediately got on Facebook...."
"Shy bladder penguin"
"Slenderman"
"Did this remind you of Slenderman"
"And here I was  thinking San Andreas was a massive game world"
"Aggressive prisoners take part in a group therapy session"
"6'1&quot; man in a $23 000 bed."
"Spin into eternity"
"They may need to edit their sign.. just a bit.."
"Baby Weasel"
"The central and peripheral nervous system of a human being. So  it turns out that deep down we're all just flying spaghetti monsters."
"Actually pretty creative"
"What the toilet feels like during winter"
"Balaa Gorge Waterfall - [914x1584]"
"My latest attempt at flirting"
"Googled &quot;Best Painting Ever&quot; and I was not disappointed."
"Internet over sleep"
"Don't fuck with the Jesus"
"Satan at his best (xpost)"
"A personal favorite my brother showed me around a week ago."
"How to come out of your shell"
"This guy know what the fuck he is doing."
"Zero clucks given."
"Someones really going after those monopoly prizes."
"fish issues"
"Uncle lamp."
"The most common picture I see on reddit while using the mobile app."
"Can't stop chuckling"
"This is the greatest gif ever."
"Little Thor (xpost from pics)"
"Almost put this in r/atheism!!"
"My reaction to my boyfriend telling me that sneezing is like cumming with your nose."
"You can stare at that for hours? Try this."
"....omg omg OMG OMG OMG!!!!"
"San Fransisco in ruins May 28  1906"
"First I eat my snack..."
"your mom is so fat..."
"I'm not going to post with a bullshit title  so here's a .gif of Boba Fett."
"Cyclopia kitten (the one from Snopes)"
"i heard reddit likes bacon and skyrim... [more pics inside]"
"This is a haircut."
"Jesus Goes Out in Style"
"DJ Christ"
"I can't always think straight in the mornings  either. (x-post from r/funny)"
"Whenever i get downvoted"
"Some of these are kind of creepy"
"Crazy ass lizard washing his hands"
"So my current Facebook work description is &quot;Sucks off donkeys&quot;"
"The real Dr Seuss"
"Anatomically correct leggings"
"Need to make a good first impression!"
"Sentient robots... Just say no!"
"Seriously  stay away from that shit"
"&quot;Meth. Not for me.&quot;"
"Meth before and after"
"Now you're just a candidate I used to know.."
"When you sing it  it's even funnier"
"Exam in the morning so I Googled &quot;motivation to study&quot;. This was sufficient"
"Seeing something you don't understand..."
"Longboard loop de loop"
"Mini Chewbacca!"
"A play on words  Via @NotMilesK [X-post from /r/standupshots]"
"This is starting to get regoddamndiculous"
"What I'll do if that Censorship Petition gets Passed by Congress..."
"I See Adventure Time Love Here  but What About This Gem?"
"Curiosity does what it wants!"
"What is this sorcery"
"Starry WONDER"
"Pretty much (r/gifs)"
"He's bad"
"One smart tourguide."
"It's Friday."
"I would kill to live in this house"
"There's no such thing as &quot;one last cookie.&quot;"
"When does the... Oh"
"Surprising a friend at work."
"Can teddy come too?"
"Browsing reddit while I'm drunk:"
"How /r/atheism made me  a european redditor  look at american Christians."
"Long Exposure Shot of Airplane Takeoff"
"May the beer be with you!"
"Australian model caught distracted during a photo shoot when the first plane hit tower 1."
"My response to all these rapists on the front page recently."
"My brother in law sent me this series of photos of a snake eating a goanna from a mine site in the Pilbara region of north western Australia."
"How it feels to unsubscribe from r/atheism"
"How i feel dancing in a club"
"How Dick got the nickname &quot;slim&quot; NSFW"
"This is the giant leopard moth  it has a wingspan of 3 inches and is found throughout North America"
"Now  that´s a tongue!"
"Fissured tongue"
"the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog"
"God?"
"Nope  looks like we are all going to burn."
"Attempting to break as much redditquette with one post as I can. Please don't downvite this. also  BREAKING! It's pic of a cat for karma posted to the wrong subreddit. Also upvote if you are a redditor  downvote only if you don't have an account"
"RUN MARS RUN!"
"I find this hard to masturbate to"
"Meep!"
"reddit's worst nightmare...or possibly best?"
"I found your ball."
"&quot;swag&quot;"
"Pumpkin carvings"
"A true hero"
"A little help?"
"I hope it brightens your day to know that the whole world isn't full of dishonest people"
"The whole world isn't full of dishonest people"
"My thoughts after shaving off my pubes"
"how I feel switching to iOS 6 and getting rid of my jailbreak (x-post r/jailbreak)"
"I NEED THAT!"
":3"
"Here you go little fella...uh oh."
"Sad cactus"
"Alcohol... the class maker"
"Game of Time"
"We run this shit. (x-post from r/4chan)"
"We run this shit"
"&quot;I see no god up here&quot;"
"Past &amp; Present"
"When I found out that my ??? chest run didn't register"
"Giraffe  up close and personal."
"You may have skipped a step..."
"I do what I want"
"A surprised cat"
"Yummy"
"When I found out that Cake Days don't bring guaranteed karma"
"Itteh Bitteh Kitteh Kisses"
"You will never be as masterful a troll as this guy at a feminist rally in Brazil"
"Today is this man's 70th birthday. happy birthday Bob!"
"Happy Birthday to a man who has all my respects!"
"Boss Fight"
"One cup of &quot;aww&quot; please"
"Skyrim For Gameboy."
"Skyrim: Crimes Against Nature mod"
"Couldn't find a better day to submit this picture"
"Maximum ???????"
"Einstein at the Beach"
"Humpback. [NSFW?]"
"Came across this today..."
"Mr. Rodgers: FU with a smile."
"This will basically be what I will be doing Wednesday to my Republican family after Obama wins..."
"How I feel reading the right-wing blogs right now"
"This is why we can't have nice things."
"You can't stop a horse."
"We were horsing around in Chemistry today."
"Oh you silly head"
"Classic contraption at UCLA dorms"
"Okay  one more time. THIS IS A FAKE OWL. FAKE."
"Ron Swanson's happy face"
"im a sad bird"
"Wait What Is He Looking At?"
"Baby monkey taking a bath"
"The short arm of the law"
"I only feel this way today  pay day."
"package"
"Whenever I try to show off one of my 'talents' on Reddit"
"So I was checking my email when...."
"After stalking a group for hours  I made a mistake and had to rant.."
"Hm. good point."
"My lady boner will forever be for this man."
"Skull fucking: What med students do for fun."
"School can't even handle me right now"
"How I picture others laughing who respond with &quot;bahaha&quot; at a funny comment."
"WHY SHOULD THEY BE HAPPY?"
"TIL that Siri doesn't care If I swear."
"ups...well... at least the suitcase is packed ..."
"Hot damn!"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"A little bit of r/Aww love for r/trees"
"Dogfighting"
"I am going to be so drunk tomorrow at this time"
"Just a dancing cat"
"When no one believed I was right until they looked it up"
"Every time I go to the &quot;black&quot; part of my town"
"After a long family vacation"
"Honestly though  if you have this  you're probably not gonna use it..."
"Ooga Booga Booga"
"what now"
"I Made You Americans a Wallpaper to Celebrate a Victory for Common-Sense"
"Say cheese!"
"The key to success"
"One banana ripened faster than the rest."
"Vanilla wtf: One banana ripened faster than the rest"
"Arguably Curb Your Enthusiasm's funniest bit"
"Fireworks  Comet  Thunderstorm. In the words of Willow Smith's father  &quot;Welcome to Earth.&quot;"
"Just seen this in a public toilet..."
"Not what I expected..."
"Dog man thing has sex with wall."
"Finland? More like Winland"
"HOLY FUCKING SHIT YEAH"
"Indian movies in a single gif"
"Beastie Boys - Sabotage (Deleted Scene)"
"For tomorrow's election"
"My friend took this picture a few moments ago of Manhattan. Wow."
"When bears go... bald"
"Most animals get funnier when you shave them. Bears just get terrifying."
"Step Ladder"
"MORDORLOGIC"
"Whenever I try to look cool"
"Working in retail  this is how I react when I hear the word &quot;inventory&quot;"
"cannot unsee"
"What is love?"
"My reaction to terrible facebook memes"
"I post that I'm not homeless and then we hit 6 000 subscribers. No coincidence at all. Fuck yourself.[1920x1080]"
"Ray Villafane world renowned Pumpkin Sculpter."
"The deadly facts of WATER"
"how redditors feel about my drunk comments"
"GIF thread! What's your favourite NBA GIF? Here's mine."
"Kevin never fails to disappoint me."
"Day after no fap September.."
"What in the . . . [gif]"
"Nice grammar  at least it isn't permanent..."
"A placenta teddy bear"
"Smile!"
"Whenever I browse /r/gonewild and see a [M]ale post [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile"
"Every time I play this I nostalgia so hard"
"With all of these greenlight suggestions coming through  I think it's best to mention this game that has never had a digital release."
"Come at me bro Pikachu"
"Let me in  I'm a fairy."
"Kiss (by artist Tsang Cheung Shing)"
"Love spill."
"Spilled kiss"
"I can do this no problem"
"I believe I can fly"
"Hmm.. Getting to work this morning is gonna be a problem!"
"I'm sorry  but in an emergency we're all just gonna have to die."
"When I realize I'm on the 27th page of r/wtf"
"Oh  Ditto  you dirty Pokemon!"
"Human is powerless against this shield"
"So close... yet so far..."
"Slow down  Slow D- Oh my mistake  carry on."
"Siri  who's your daddy?"
"Rob DenBleyker vs. Siri"
"'Murica [FIXED]"
"Never Forget"
"Can't believe its been a whole year. 08/23/11 Never Forget"
"nice chompers"
"Dinner Time!"
"Dinner Time."
"Kids  it's....."
"10 top tips to end rape!"
"When a post doesn't make it past r/new"
"Wham Landa"
"Been staring at this for a while now"
"Fuck the police"
"These Guys Are Crazy (This is Not Photoshopped!)"
"How I feel when I'm the only one who toked before Avengers."
"Nandos knows"
"I'm sure I'm going to hell for laughing at this."
"Inexcusable."
"Jacob Wants To Be Brutal"
"An abortion may have been the smarter choice [FIXED]"
"Facebook comes through for me."
"Okay  what is this from?"
"Nice backgrounds make everything inspirational."
"destroyed sunglasses [gif]"
"The Sparks"
"Fell asleep playing Skyrim last night...woke up to this son of a bitch staring at me through the darkness."
"had no idea Earnie took two people to control..."
"Straight Up Playas"
"How I imagine people who post reposts"
"Baby Silky Anteater"
"When I go over ONE mb on my data plan  one day before a new cycle begins"
"Referees in Final Seconds of MNF..."
"Irrelephant"
"Best friends!"
"&quot;yes im karma whore. wadda fight about it&quot;"
"My reaction when I went to class down 8-4 and checked in class and saw we were down 18-4"
"Handsome horse is handsome"
"If you turn that heater off behind you  you'll stop melting. (x-post from r/imgoingtohellforthis) [NSFW]"
"How I feel everyone in WI is acting"
"Repost. I saw this and it scared the **** out of me. Guess why."
"You dumb bastard. it's not a schooner..."
"Sisyphus the Rat"
"How I feel when people write a sentence and post a generic reaction gif"
"The original angry bird"
"Smile"
"How I react when I walk into a class full of random losers."
"How can we possibly NOT believe this?"
"So did you say I copy you? - Imgur"
"When God created the OP"
"'The idea just came to me'"
"Cakeday. Bring on the Karma"
"What the actual fuck. I don't even..."
"Sad Texas Rangers Fan"
"The Saddest Rangers Fan..."
"The Saddest Rangers Fan..."
"Take a Break?"
"The best concealed weapons in the world... as seen by trolls."
"The closer I get to my cake day  the more nervous I get about losing my unwavering  constant companion..."
"AUEAUEHUAHEUAEHU"
"Pretty Standard Call By The Replacement NFL Refs"
"After further review"
"They see me rollin'"
"not sure if repost but made me chuckle."
"Can't touch this"
"Suddenly  friend becomes foe [gif]"
"Stop hitting yourself"
"THAT'S NOT A FOOT!"
"Ma nigga"
"After several surprises in our toilets  this was put up in my dorm's bathroom"
"My first time play DayZ was at 3:30 A.M. so i logged on to a local server and..."
"I want to change jobs.."
"It must be Monday."
"he's been working on his roar"
"&quot;We're almost there. Thank you.&quot;"
"aww"
"I imagine he'd be saying something along the lines of &quot;And here we have th- HOBLOLOBLOLOBBOLBOWHOA&quot;"
"Dammit Arthur  not again."
"Kanye Comic (shout-out to 2WAR)"
"A equilibrium between sad and funny looks like this."
"Typed in &quot;best picture ever&quot; on google and this is the first picture to come up. Google speaks the truth."
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this. [fixed]"
"How to tickle an otter"
"Three words? Kit Kat Lasagna? More like one word.."
"Simply gorgeous."
"Bike sink"
"Oh no  it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!"
"Terry Crews being Terry Crews..."
"This is what happens when I am about to get karma  and then...."
"When my post is about to reach the front page."
"Why yes  that is a chicken in space."
"Drunk Spiderman"
"Train made to look like a library"
"All Glory to the Hypno Cat"
"Too far?"
"When someone walks in on you changing..."
"Cannibals have lots of friends"
"Today is this man's birthday. Let's all paint a happy little tree in his honor."
"My Other Ride..."
"How I feel whenever someone says &quot;there's lots of other fish in the sea.&quot;"
"Super Saiyan Phelps"
"This gif flows so smoothly"
"How I view my father with his DSLR"
"Reddit seems to like street art  so here's some Banksy"
"I don't know what is happening  but it looks gross [x-post from r/woahdude]"
"A classic and a favorite"
"So i became a fence"
"Keanu is on to you  Reddit"
"Conspiracy Keanu on Parents"
"Hohohoho"
"How Cute"
"The secret of Isla Pascua"
"This is what I need for my car..."
"Well That's One Use For An iPad"
"Dog &quot;dancing&quot;"
"Get back here"
"Get back here!"
"God dammit Scruffy"
"This is golden..."
"Framed letter from cash4gold"
"Hipsters Rejoice!"
"Submarine breaking through arctic ice."
"Aggressive Sales Technique"
"Ace Attorney 5  featuring Phoenix's return to protagonist  confirmed for 3DS (story/detail in comments)"
"The real reason I have a multi monitor set up."
"Its getting worse..."
"This scene taken out of context makes for some good material..."
"Here's Obama's reaction to Republicans"
"Obama Calling Mitt [The Race for Karma]"
"Four more years"
"Creepy Girl"
"Frightening."
"Reddit  you will be the end of me."
"Google rage"
"Goddamn Olympics"
"The sorting hat on Hermione"
"When someone on Reddit asks what is wrong with Nickelback."
"Biggest dick in Canada"
"Yo dawg I herd you like cranes..."
"With the little shits that live near me... I hope one of these gets installed."
"Makes me a little uneasy"
"Drop it like it's Hot"
"Just got up for work...this is how I feel"
"Thought of this today when I was the last one to finish a bio exam."
"Stay Calm  America."
"You know you're unemployed when this seems more attractive than porn"
"Bored at the office"
"I NEED IIIIT!"
"Hey  Sandy!"
"A Picture worth ten thousand words. (Greg Cook hugs his dog Coco after finding her inside his destroyed home in a tornado)"
"Tennis anyone?"
"How to leave reddit"
"When I try to get off Reddit to go to bed."
"So this was on my facebook newsfeed (fixed)"
"Frank in his golden years."
"Italians..."
"And God separated the light from the dark..."
"So many lost hipsters."
"London Underground helps out iOS 6 users"
"So this happened last night"
"She speaks the truth"
"Saying something will just make it more awkward for everybody..."
"....shut up"
"Multiple heat signatures on your six"
"Lightning created by volcanic eruption"
"Pretty much."
"Apple Samsung &amp; Nokia in one picture."
"Every night before I go to sleep."
"Canada and America"
"MFW r/WTF gets real."
"Classic case of big sibling bullying"
"World-famous divers photographed during their dives."
"Sheldon Cooper making a career change..."
"Inspired by the deer road sign  I made a .png for a &quot;Ours is the Fury&quot; sticker to slap on the sign. Anyone know where to order it online worldwide? Thanks."
"My cat hates it when I'm on the computer"
"Watching Avengers on Blu-ray and I finally understand this picture I have seen floating around for the last few months."
"I see your &quot;most British photo ever&quot;  and raise you one."
"Meet Gary"
"for my cake day  this is me after finishing my college app"
"A dolphin somehow gets in the way of a whale as it breaches but the whale has its mouth closed  so it was not feeding. Any explanations?"
"The Beauty of the Universe"
"How u look when I have porn in the mail"
"Why did the dinosaurs die?"
"Public Vandalism"
"Every time I sit down to write a paper"
"Shut up! I'm playing!"
"My friend works at Subway and was told to put something &quot;creative&quot; on the sign outside [FIXED]"
"I waited for you [FIXED]"
"How I imagine people complaining that a repost of their original image got more upvotes."
"HAPPY 9/11 EVERYONE!"
"Social Media Explained"
"Ways to pee"
"Watermelons"
"If you had a portal gun  would you...?"
"When people insult my friends and I for taking a Male Choreography course..."
"reddit's diner"
"Crazy Eyes"
"Ha-ha! Now I shall briefly be happier than you"
"Take that!"
"This is what I think after getting paid"
"Queensland Australia's total solar eclipse in 21 exposures (sequence begins near the horizon)"
"After a few drink everyone is hot"
"10mins till it goes down"
"Vito Deacon freak out."
"It's a luchador  on a motorcycle  at a protest  being fired on by riot police  in real life."
"Bad bad rain"
"I found this surprisingly fitting"
"iLOST"
"This is seriously the best idea ever."
"Palestine"
"Made in China vs Made in Germany"
"China vs. Germany"
"The Gathering Of The Blackbirds"
"I... I just don't know whats going on here..."
"Splashback"
"Meanwhile in an alternate universe..."
"No touch."
"suckonthedickimashark gives some advice"
"Don't make him pull a shiv"
"The one battle no man comes back from"
"This popped up on my newsfeed..."
"Had a house party. Someone suggested we cook a pizza. This was the result."
"fuck."
"It's my cake day  so for my first post on Reddit I decided to share my favorite picture"
"Miget face slide. That will be all."
"Tricky!"
"Good Guy Tree"
"Sometimes  the truth hurts"
"If she doesn't remember this  she's too young for you bro.."
"Found these in an Anti-Baww thread on /b/"
"i have no idea what i'm doing"
"What happened to the head?"
"The dance of my people"
"When someone is playing a game your good at."
"Every twenty minutes..."
"English lessons? Who needs English lessons?"
"Another fuckin' day in Japan..."
"Russian Xmas  10x scarier than Halloween."
"360 Teabag."
"The Dark Knight"
"So here's the world's most adorable pet"
"Creativity is worth more than a dollar."
"9:03 AM [real]"
"Ralph is ready for the internet."
"Norwegian twin babes"
"Norwegian twins dropped out of junior high school to live in the wilderness - Thought it was a cool picture. (Video in comments)"
"they're touring again"
"I am surprised that no one has done this: Police headlights"
"How I feel after being single for 8 months [Fixed]"
"It's a bird  it's a plane  it's both?"
"Obama carved out of the point of a pencil."
"Barack Obama's head carved out of a pencil point."
"Riding hard!"
"wait a sec  hold up let me just line it up..."
"Yoink!"
"MFW I download a taco."
"Comments I expect on all of my posts."
"For the remaining debates  I propose a change of format."
"Man`s best friend"
"How's it hangin'?"
"Tetris wisdom"
"I laugh so hard every time"
"Anything for the shot..."
"Nice try America"
"pressing a then j [FIXED]"
"Every f@#$ing Monday morning"
"Arguing on /r/politics"
"Anti Prohibition march  1920's/30's [1440x902]"
"What I was hoping to see when I opened the door of my apartment here at North Dakota State University after hearing of a bomb threat on my cake day."
"Arctic Foxes... easily the cutest of the fox community"
"Problem Wenger?"
"How I imagine the 99 percent of reddit (fixed)"
"How I am treated as a girl on Reddit"
"Famous underwater statue of Jesus in the Maltese"
"Fuck"
"My reaction when my GF tried this move on me! [SFW]"
"You Wanna Hear My New Pick Up Line?"
"How I feel when I win an argument"
"How I feel compared to the rest of reddit about the whole 'Doomba' thing."
"soon.."
"When your friends try to show you something funny from the internet but you've already seen it on reddit."
"That's what friends are for"
"Interesting men statistics"
"Why can't they just get along?"
"Every android user when hearing about the iphone 5"
"[HIFW] Netflix has the film I want to watch but not in instant streaming."
"Me for the next two hours"
"Russian soldier ready for just about anything...[569x800]"
"WW II Russian soldier is well armed and ready for anything.[569x800]"
"Air Asia billboard sign"
"Sorry  Harry."
"Coolest watermelon I've ever seen."
"Peek-a-boo!"
"Shuttles Come Nose-to-Nose"
"When you overhear someone mention your name"
"Orange Juice Instructions"
"Searched &quot;wut&quot; on google  found this"
"great idea"
"Anyone seen my cat?"
"Donald Rumsfeld"
"Showed up on FB feed."
"Well  there goes his childhood."
"Meanwhile in lab class..."
"All hail our Deer leader"
"Meanwhile on Halloween in Wisconsin....."
"Abe Lincoln here to save the day!"
"Abe Lincoln here to save the day!"
"Sponsored condoms"
"Uhhh....yeah..."
"Patrick"
"This is seriously out of fucking control. [FIXED]"
"What's that you say? I'm fired? Shouldn't have bothered telling me."
"Wife cheat on you? Time to lawyer up"
"She definitely has the moves!"
"Husband told me I was sending him too many reddit links...my response"
"&quot;It's too big for me!&quot;"
"Some ladies do not prefer a normal milk bath."
"Little Old Lady Who? I didn't know you could yodel!"
"And...oh well"
"House by the water? Yes  please."
"A simple flowchart."
"Started playing Amnesia: The Dark Descent last night  this is similar to my reaction the first time I encountered the monster."
"Guy builds DeLorean hovercraft to float outside of the stadium for the World Series. Wins Halloween. Cross post r/sanfrancisco"
"Doctor with a sense of humor?"
"What the duck?"
"My new favourite &quot;haters gonna hate&quot; gif"
"Me in the club."
"Gangnam Style Level: Fresh Prince"
"Beard slap!"
"Bad Dreams? Come ere'"
"Ant for my next trick..."
"Real friends help you get the girl"
"Wrong gym"
"Ugh  I have to use the human again"
"So....confused...."
"SPOILER ALERT"
"Who says 'no' to a nice cuddle ay?"
"The photobomb to end all photobombs."
"A lovely lady &amp; her cat"
"My friend just texted me this link in the middle of the night..."
"They asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up..."
"When scientists fool around."
"I wish I could pull pranks like this at work"
"Slow mo ninja cat."
"was that cake?"
"I guess with his 3 homers tonight Pablo Sandoval has now made up for &quot;the cake incident&quot;"
"Childhood Grammar Nazi"
"50 Shades of Grey Effect - They're all the same fucking shade!"
"For my cakeday  my favourite comic (as a Norwegian)"
"CUTE TEEN HAS SEX FOR THE FIRST TIME"
"Every kids dream house. (X-post from r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Photo of a kkk child touching a black mans riot police shield in Georgia. No one is born a racist."
"I can't sleep Eddy."
"Feeling turned on yet?"
"Yum!?!"
"You want a physicist to speak at your funeral (x-post from r/Frisson)"
"you would think one of them would learn to wear a rubber... or just not fuck."
"Deleting a link when it gets downvoted..."
"My reaction the first time I got a girl to take her shirt off."
"Worst.Superhero.Ever."
"Born to troll."
"All of my what. All of it."
"Colorful ants"
"Angry Facebook posts are coming..."
"lol friends!!!!!!!!!!"
"hipster lama"
"Barbie calls shenanigans."
"glad to see I'm not the only one who thought this when I saw the commercials"
"Everybody do the tourist"
"In the box or out of the box is the question!"
"iPope Location Services - OFF!"
"Orthodox bodyguard"
"Old 4chan post...Still the funniest poop story I've ever read"
"Yup  it DOES matter.."
"Just put it in!"
"Rush Hour in Mumbai"
"Mitt Romney for President"
"I realize this is just poor timing  but these are a couple of great faces."
"When I get milk duds for Halloween !"
"Every summer  it's the same plan"
"Smiling Bear."
"The happiest photo on the Internet"
"As a puppy  he wanted to be Snoopy. - Imgur"
"Every time the bathroom door is closed."
"I cringed so bad"
"And thanks to Tebaxx for scaring me for life!"
"Everytime I use hair conditioner in the shower"
"Everytime I go to r/WTF..."
"Wishes that never get old"
"Got over 100 upvotes on one of my posts..."
"I want to play a game..."
"As a city worker  this actually works! You're welcome"
"The 14th Dalai Lama's view of science"
"How Hurricanes Form"
"It's Alright Little One"
"I love when people take the bait..."
"When I logged on to facebook and didn't see any memes"
"Go home tracks  you're drunk."
"Found my son watching TV like this."
"Just some bad breath"
"let it whip"
"Samuel L. Shark"
"Spot me bro"
"Unless it was THIS keeping you alive."
"Deathstar firepit"
"I made this drunk as fuck."
"Lucky or just really good?"
"Saw this is in my local library  they were quick to act!"
"Spaghetti Hotdog"
"&quot;Catnip is a hell of a drug&quot;"
"Confused husky"
"I love puns."
"Deep ladder in a waterfall"
"Deep ladder in a waterfall"
"Oh Mr. Taco..."
"Mr. Taco Gets Hacked"
"Xenon Cat"
"Complete wtf"
"Can you feel the love tonight?"
"One should't check the final grade while listening to the Avril's song...&quot;All my life has been good  but now I'm thinking    WHAT THE HELL&quot;"
"The big mistake  by Doctor Seuss"
"Man's best friend from the very beginning"
"Man's best friend from the very beginning..."
"i died when i saw this"
"I'm trying to work here!"
"How about a kiss?"
"Worm Guy"
"The caterpillar."
"Drama Llama [gif]"
"No umbrella? Try your tail!"
"A Halloween special"
"True."
"Your vs. you're"
"My friend called me to have a Batman marathon."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"WOOOooooOOOOAAAAAAooooAAAAooooooo"
"Nicholas Cage as Andre The Giant"
"typed in nick cage doing porn and wasn't disappointed."
"How I feel as a fan of the NHL and NFL"
"If he caught the ball...why is he out"
"Finally  a .gif with sound!"
"When I'm at the beach and I see my son building a sandcastle"
"Bought a 90's Subaru  every 40 feet..."
"The reaction I had when my friend told me to stop watching the Dark Knight Rises and play xbox."
"Super Saiyan Hairstyle"
"A friend's post about eating disorders..."
"Open air toilets in Amsterdam"
"How I feel as a senior proving a freshman wrong in my 1st year elective course."
"I see you found my lair"
"Not one single fuck was given that day."
"Microsoft ripping off Nintendo Wii U controller already?"
"When only one other person up-votes your post on Reddit (x-post from /r/funny)"
"My friend sent me this  I laughed harder than I probably should have."
"Bill Nye and Neil deGrasse Tyson on the StarTalk Live Podcast"
"Just two guys  in my new favorite photo."
"Who ya gonna call muthafucka?"
"The Internet has ruined me"
"Art with a capital F"
"YOU CAN'T ESCAPE (nsfw)"
"Wish you were here."
"People ask me why I leave at the last possible minute in the morning."
"Oh Mickey Mouse..."
"Currency when I was in elementary school [fixed]"
"Right in the feels."
"Mommy and baby"
"I always thought he looked familiar."
"Seriously distracting."
"tweak"
"Cat laughs amused"
"God and Facebook"
"Microsoft Logic."
"Schools have changed since I was a kid"
"Rockstar baby"
"Cat Fight"
"Happy birthday you magnificent bastard!"
"Catch me!"
"How Male Redditors Act When Females Post Pictures of Themselves"
"I present you a wolf nomming on a watermelon!"
"Choose Wisely [gif]"
"How I felt waking up thinking it was friday"
"What my Halloween costume is going to be."
"I'll be stealing this idea for Halloween this year"
"My life has been a lie....."
"I've been eating them wrong for years!"
"Psycho seals"
"Nutella always helps"
"Ewoks"
"Crazy Christian father shoots up son's bedroom when he finds out he's an atheist"
"I think raccoon's are pretty adorable. Especially when they do this."
"War does not determine who is right..."
"Dogpad"
"I Needed To Be Done."
"Do a Barrel Roll!"
"Whenever a hot girl thinks it's cool that I'm in my university's Marching Band"
"fake or real? but is intense"
"This is not acceptable behaviour on the ski slope."
"Don't Panic."
"Finally in the one year club  for my cake day I give you my favorite picture ever."
"Giraffe fight"
"Reddit's newest sweatshirt design"
"Yeah... so that happened here too."
"Caught Red-Pawed!"
"I just want one upvote  I can't stand having an odd number of link karma."
"I don't know why  but this is my all time favorite gif"
"Saw this in my school's computer lab"
"DJ Jesus in the house!"
"D'Jesus. [pic]"
"ultra combo"
"I hear reposts are the best way to get karma  so here's a repost of a repost that is inching it's way to the front!"
"According to this; half of Reddit will die soon."
"Raptor Jesus  who went extinct for our sins"
"Just another day at the office for these two.."
"Sunset at the North Pole with the moon at its closest point to the earth."
"North Pole - Sun - Moon"
"Slightly unfortunate.."
"Why my boyfriend hates winter"
"Just relax"
"When you see it..."
"Don't EVEN give me none of that 'snooze' shit"
"This made me laugh  and then miss Steve Irwin."
"Had."
"redditor buys plush puppies and sticks their faces in dog bowls  all for that yummy karma."
"Map of countries by metal bands per capita"
"How I feel submitting a link 5 minutes before the blackout."
"Get off your damn phone! (x-post r/funny)"
"Not specific to atheism  but as an atheist I still found it very interesting."
"Lets start hide and seek"
"The bigger they are..."
"headshot"
"head shot"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle IRL"
"Like I even care!"
"True emotions revealed"
"That's a big scary cat"
"Mr. Giraffe goes to a wedding"
"I'M A GIRAFFE"
"How I feel walking into a party."
"that will show him"
"I go out late at night and if you were to see me  you'd see my differant side."
"My first crack at this. I had a good laugh  hopefully you do too."
"Oppa Bat Style!"
"Do it again  betcha can't do it again"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"Found this on face book"
"Sure thing spongebob"
"Fucccck!! Lucky I'm in the right place..."
"Wha?!"
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills [FIXED]"
"one of the best HD minecraft backgrounds"
"How I feel when my friends coast off of my accomplishments"
"Genghis Khan created Simon"
"Crystal Cave - Iceland Ice Cave"
"Ice cave in Iceland"
"Whats all that red stuf.. OMG"
"Yes! Afterbirth bath with the whole family!"
"SFW cleavage"
"How to best make use of Builder's Bum!"
"First time visiting Chat Roulette [FIXED]"
"Ghost Rider's new career"
"My recent posts haven't been very successful so fuck it  here's a cat"
"The Future is Now"
"The Future is Now"
"Mt Roraima  natural triple border of Venezuela  Brazil and Guyana"
"They have awoken the beast"
"BOOM HEADSHOT BOOM HEASHOT"
"not so sure about this toy"
"Please tell me WTF is going on there?"
"Flee ohio"
"The World Trade Center 1 is being prepared for the ceremony remembering the 9/11 attacks."
"Taken while walking up a beach in Wailua"
"How I felt returning my finals"
"My new favorite Obama pic. Gimme those voters!"
"I know you guys can do something with this."
"A new favorite of mine by the President"
"The last days of the campaign are really getting to Obama..."
"By far the best face Obama has ever made"
"Overly Enthusiastic Obama"
"Can't… Stop… Watching."
"[Spoilers] A new downvote gif in honor of SE0302."
"Checking the temperature of my shower in the morning..."
"Chameleon washing his hands"
"Chameleon washing his hands [gif]"
"oh man  I love water!"
"Funny looking cat.."
"dancing panda"
"Jump! [gif]"
"Irony"
"RE: RE: TR: RE: Life is crazy; the truth"
"Every male Redditor's dream"
"Sweet Dreams"
"I just broke up with my boyfriend. In celebration of my new found singledom  here is my favorite gif of all time."
"Ouch  ladies [Fixed]"
"Why petting a cow can be dangerous."
"Obi-weeeeeee-kanobi"
"Did anyone play this beast back in the days when EA was still making original games?"
"Stock photos revealed"
"Michael Scott accurately describes why the potato girl meme was bad"
"90 years later still..."
"Diversity"
"Saw this on FB  courtesy of Idiocracy."
"as someone that lives in a non-swing state  this is who i will be voting for tomorrow"
"The awesome power of nature..."
"Thunderheads Over the Grand Canyon."
"Nope  I nomad"
"Surprise!!!"
"15 year old Calvin and Hobbes strip with almost clairvoyance on how we got into our current financial crisis."
"Frozone."
"What I think as an amateur nature photographer when I look at r/pics"
"Human-looking enough that it's just a little weird"
"Jamie Hyneman's secret identity?"
"Just finished my final exam for this year"
"Jesus cat"
"Louis C.K. on masturbation"
"MFW Croatia wins a medal"
"How to handle road rage."
"This is why Epicurus is one of my favorites."
"Come here you!"
"OH SHIT. IT'S SPREADING!"
"Oh Sweet Jesus..."
"Gorge Road BMX Jump Park"
"Don't let your dog fly a helicopter"
"How I feel on my first cakeday  trying to karmawhore."
"Justice: it's what's for dinner."
"Nana nana nana nana justice"
"World Peas"
"His face says it all."
"The look of disapproval."
"Not the proper way to take a photograph"
"How to make an animal Australian - Just add size and deadliness!"
"Mmmm  it's warm and salty too"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Some people just want to watch the world burn..."
"don't bite mommy"
"I am not a clever man"
"Oops."
"In Paranormal Activity 4  the ghost is a rapist."
"Let's see if the baby is awakOHMYGOD!"
"Almost the weekend."
"Somebunny's just a little shy."
"I should have tried this at school"
"cheating done right"
"You deserve an orgy today!"
"A small corner of the world"
"Maybe she should try duck or candlepin."
"Unimpressed Obama"
"Obama is not impressed"
"President Obama is not impressed."
"Obama is not impressed."
"Mesmerizing scales - Bush Viper"
"Olympic Hopeful [gif]"
"Phew!"
"Not Everyone Enjoys Sex."
"Reddit co-founder Aaron Swartz commits suicide"
"The commercials for this thing were the best."
"Realizing your collage professor overheard you complaining about his lectures."
"I see your 7/11 free slurpee day cup and raise you mine"
"butt brush"
"Don't wake the other Bears."
"What the fuck are you doiMUOH MY GOD"
"Please be real  please be real  please be real..."
"Dinosaurs just don't have the moves."
"I will never master this craft..."
"LPT: x-post r/funny - How to fold bed sheets"
"It's my first ever cake day and I can't think of anything good to upload  so here's some frogs."
"This guy makes some awesome WTF gifs."
"Stuck the landing [gif]"
"Worth It [gif]"
"Double-Jump!"
"Graceful Leap"
"For the haters after a downvoted post makes a comeback."
"I swear this happens every time."
"Penn says"
"Bottomless"
"I always laugh at this."
"Downvotes hurt. . ."
"ha ha love this...'hamster slide'"
"Temple Run in real life."
"BUUUURN! (xpost from r/pokemon)"
"oh youtube: especially since marijuana is legal now"
"Where do i join?"
"Big spoon"
"Got it as a joke over 18 Months Ago. Probably one of the biggest mistakes I've made."
"South park at its best"
"Life as a T-Rex"
"Corgi Link"
"As a 28 year old male watching women's gymnastics I can't help but feel like our good old friend..."
"Hey  lady."
"Just a friendly easter bunny"
"&quot;I love you!&quot;"
"Frozen Ice of Lake Baikal  Siberia"
"Who do you think you are!?"
"Best trolling ever"
"i see your board games and raise you one console"
"I'm going to hell for laughing. Wanna come too?"
"Well I guess that's that."
"You haven't said a word all day"
"This is what people do in clubs today."
"Oh  hey guys!"
"So I googled karma whore  and well.."
"Facebook vs reality"
"Such a responisble father"
"Parenting at its best"
"Developed by Chuck Norris for stunt fighting in action movies"
"T-shirt trolling"
"Hardcore Christian..."
"Can reddit help identify an animal abuser? This was in Staten Island."
"To Christian Bale"
"Dat ass"
"Sorry ma'am just thought I smelled tuna"
"That is just too much sexy...."
"All those moments will be lost in time  like tears in rain."
"Not your typical ladies shoes"
"Making the best of a bad situation"
"Like the virgin Marry."
"Seems pretty legit to me."
"The real dangers of 3D technology... revealed!"
"How I feel when I phase out in math and then snap back and look at the board."
"Just Jesus breaking out his dance moves."
"Nice moves bro."
"Can you feel it?"
"I want to see these assholes put some money back into the place that made them so famous"
"Must have legalized pot in Illinois as well."
"Business cat goes on a trip"
"Damn it feels good"
"This was pretty much my reaction to this Gif..."
"Filling Gaylords"
"Capitalism"
"This is Elk Tennis"
"Parties..."
"Being a realist"
"That some strong ..... thigh"
"he rules mcdonalds"
"Men !"
"Come at me"
"Cats don't like your weight loss efforts"
"Finally  a unicorn horn for cats!"
"&quot;Cats love it!&quot;"
"I have no caption for this"
"Halloween is around the corner!"
"Bacon...not done yet"
"Toy story 3  perverted merchandise"
"every time you downvote a dog photo"
"The best gift the internet has ever given"
"If households budgeted like the GOP."
"How a little Skeptic turns Atheist"
"Shark being engulfed by a fish."
"JFK Riding a Dinosaur"
"Ronald Reagan Riding a Dinosaur"
"Just Obama riding a velociraptor while firing an SMG with an RPG strapped to his back."
"OBAMA=BAMF"
"FOR MORE YEARS!!!!"
"Two terms"
"Seems appropriate if not reposted"
"Still one of my favorite books."
"TF: Libya"
"I don't know the context of this but it's kind of hilarious"
"The average redditor"
"Now you can Fap while supporting breast cancer research! No excuses men."
"How can you argue with this logic?"
"Get yourself checked..."
"How I feel knowing I can upvote and downvote with A and Z"
"My Girlfriend when I fart in her presence"
"The just ok white shark."
"Curious Cat"
"RRegret"
"Amazing artwork of Helms Deep I stumbled upon"
"Amazing artwork I stumbled upon."
"&quot;Hi  i'm a Mac&quot;"
"Horses and Bayonets"
"Horses and Bayonets"
"Admit it  you tried doing the face right?"
"and Seattle at dawn"
"Band Trip"
"Just a cat riding bacon in space.. No big deal"
"Moon bridge in Dahu Park  Taipei"
"It's called mindset"
"Favorite Gif by far(might be repost)"
"No pencils for you!"
"I never understood this"
"Half human. Half cat"
"Battlefield player's problems"
"What's really going inside of Iron Man's helmet..."
"F you! I'm a dog."
"Sandwich (made in China)."
"Choose Wisely:"
"Cat Jazz"
"How I view US politics as a UK Redditor."
"Cold and warm hi"
"Can't unsee.."
"Peacock feathers up close"
"Slenderman and Enderman X-Post from /r/minecraft"
"Marijuana o.o"
"Your move. NSFW"
"Any Skyrim Fans ???????"
"Reddit in a nutshell. [Fixed]"
"Predator meets T-rex meets Fish. That must have been an epic orgy"
"Every time"
"San Francisco  from airship  in 1906"
"WTF am I looking at?"
"Ever since I started playing PT2 of Borderlands 2. I feel like I say this wayyy too much to my team mates."
"Dr Seuss  the unedited version"
"Growing up with the name Sam  this is what I think of Dr. Seuss."
"Big owl and baby owl (x-post from r/pics)"
"First attempt at this!"
"Holy Bat-nipples Batman!"
"Whenever my computer tells me I have 7% power left."
"Bunny rabbit pole-dancing to Funkadelic"
"I just got a kitten for the first time."
"That's a Pro Move"
"That's a Pro Move [gif]"
"my wife just walked in and asked if I was ok  she heard me laughing uncontrollably at this."
"The sudden realization"
"It was you the entire time!"
"Where my ex will most likely end up after leaving me for 3 different dudes."
"Photosynthesis"
"Your offering does not appease me."
"Just passing by."
"Alligator Rider!"
"There was a storm at Brisbane airport today."
"My alltime favorite pic"
"BMX Double Front Flip [gif]"
"You nerds don't know the meaning of embarrassment"
"I used to love to swim in the ocean....until I saw one of these!"
"Great relationship advice..."
"AND I STILL WANT MOAR."
"Aquaman: No Fucks Given Edition"
"Unfreakingcanny"
"Just terrible..."
"An octopus made of land [pic]"
"And that's how our cars run on dinosaurs."
"He's like this every day... it's so funny."
"Hey there  little guy"
"Baby Sonic"
"A ball of spiky adorableness"
"You've seen the strip of the Asian woman going from &quot;hot&quot; to &quot;bent in half old woman &quot; now here's the male version!"
"Pug muzzle  one size fits all"
"I'm INVINCIBLE! (fixed)"
"Dancin' Machines"
"Be afraid!"
"I love the thought process."
"Origin of the gay seal"
"90s Barbie / 00s Barbie"
"Don't be a Pikachu....it's my cakeday"
"My friends and I saw this the other day..."
"Retired Red Alert Attack Dog"
"Pugnacious."
"If you know what I mean"
"Fly away to Freedom!"
"Commence the Jiggling"
"The NFL season summed up in one picture"
"Oh  NFL replacement refs..."
"The weapon you wish you'll wield"
"/facepalm"
"To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead. - Thomas Paine"
"Goron Freeman"
"&quot;Why is that Giraffe pounding my anus so fiercely?!&quot; Best dialogues in hentai"
"you have my sword..."
"How I picture little kids online on COD"
"Black Ops II online in a nutshell"
"Hi."
"Noon. (Posted in r/pics but was told i should move it here.)"
"Your face when you hear your girlfriend say something in an OAG meme."
"Way To Heaven"
"Let me hear your war cry!"
"I don’t use doors. I make my own."
"Spoil dad this fathers day..."
"I know what I'm getting my dad for this fathers day!"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day (down under)"
"Unsubscribe"
"I know that feel"
"Everytime my boss enter in my office"
"I embarrassed myself in public and this is how I felt"
"What day is it?!?!"
"I've got the Power"
"Getting Ready For Halloween"
"So fresh"
"Yeah  they went there."
"So THAT is what it means!"
"Kitty kissing booth"
"Say it!"
"¡Ariba!"
"NASA picture of the day Rock formation looks like a penis...and the head is even circled"
"Pure Joy"
"How i felt waking up and have two front page post"
"I search for &quot;best image on the internet -cat&quot; on Google. This was the answer. I do not know if I am pleased."
"Potential bomb threat in a suitcase being detonated at UIUC"
"Oh how little we all are.."
"He watches...he ALWAYS watches."
"Just popped up on my reddit feed. Too great not to share."
"No one is in charge - and honestly  that's even cooler."
"....and has syphilis"
"No Detroit Tigers fan tonight."
"This. Is. AWESOME!!!!"
"I will now paint some happy little clouds over herAAAARRRRGGH"
"I recently decided to take up extreme sporting"
"And I was like baby  baby  baby"
"Happy Easter!"
"This is what happens every time I try to not procrastinate..."
"This has been my desktop background for about a year now and I'm still not sick of it (Portal 2 SPOILERS - Credits in the comments)"
"Just wanted to say hi "
"That's just weird"
"Calculating Leo"
"Eye of Sauron discovered!"
"When reddit doesn't like my links..."
"Flickr photos of a new &quot;landscape hotel&quot; in Norway  the first of its kind in Europe"
"Taft Inauguration"
"&quot;When I was a boy...&quot;"
"Wont you join us?"
"This was me and my friend reaction when we found out Reddit wasn't on the block list at school."
"Faith in humanity temporarily restored....for now."
"Is it for your face?"
"Magazine Cover Fail (sorry if repost)"
"I'm totally doing this at work today. All day."
"Fun for the whole family"
"Probably my favorite gif of all time"
"bros and camel toes"
"Reddit's reaction whenever I post something I think is funny"
"My only friend [FIXED]"
"I don't understand why this is so funny..."
"An explosion of colors"
"Every time I see that weeping cat gif"
"Every time i hear it"
"Every time I heard it [FIXED]"
"Yo Dawg..."
"Is it okay to re-gift?"
"A photogenic young couple..."
"Is This The Real Life?"
"Epic Bacon Pizza"
"Here is Emma Watson's Tits."
"Truly my best friend!"
"i wish i was that coordinated"
"Strike"
"Dancing tree is fabulous"
"Dat eye"
"The Sits of all Sits"
"The treadmill should be positioned away from any items that could cause injury in case of a bad fall..."
"South Park Families"
"Disturbing  but effective ad."
"Water on Mars...... Picture taken by nasa and proved."
"Homoseuality OVER 9000!!"
"Hurry before Jesus wakes up!"
"For all those participating in Movember"
"I Googled 'Disapproving look'. I was not disappointed"
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts... [FIXED]"
"After losing five games of Guess Who to my 8 year old daughter"
"When I agree with someone who has been downvoted  then get downvoted myself."
"Pussy control ...... SFW"
"Best Gif i have ever seen."
"The Death Star Conspiracy"
"Star Wars Conspiracy"
"Team building in china."
"Internet tough guy"
"Saw this on r/trees but it definitely belongs here (Carl Sagan)"
"They told me I could become anything  so I becameOH GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE?!"
"For all those science people out there..."
"Inspired by a recent post  how I feel in high school"
"When you see your friend walking down the hall."
"pupcakes"
"Google Maps vs. iOS6 Maps side by side. [x-post from r/apple]"
"My one and only friend."
"Colourful"
"Jews dont like to visit this shop."
"A little gem I stumbled across from a google images search."
"Flowers"
"I'm Christian and this made me laugh like a 6 year old."
"Great Steve Jobs Editorial Cartoon"
"Definitely one of my favorite jokes"
"Only two Redditors showed to last night's meetup. I still think it went okay.[NSFW]"
"Thor's sister"
"He's going to wish it was linoleum."
"The truth is revealed"
"Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012"
"Orangutans"
"The Stokkur Geyser in Iceland has erupted every 4-8 minutes since a 1789 earthquake - here it is a split second before erupting."
"Aurora australis from space"
"This looks like a job for..."
"Awesome color dropps in water"
"When someone shows me a picture from Tumblr."
"Mine and fellow redditor Mcrofl's reaction to Clinton's speech."
"Woopwoopwoopwoopwoop"
"Don't be this guy."
"This rustles my Jimmies so god damn hard."
"Toasty!"
"A Nigel no one but I dared to attempt."
"When my male roommate doesn't know I'm home  and I hear him jacking off... [X from /r/gifs]"
"Winning."
"Classic Ron Swanson"
"Now you're swimming with Portals"
"Battlefront 3"
"Am I supposed to be hungry now?"
"My ball !"
"Everytime I post to r/funny"
"An Amazing Sentence in English!"
"No! don't eat that OMGG!"
"My brother has 5.5 times my karma"
"When someone teases me for wearing glasses."
"When you miss your cake day."
"I don't even have a title for this..."
"Anyone still do this?"
"Always makes me smile!"
"The first and probably truest 3D gif I've seen"
"Can you spot the millionaire? [nsfw]ish"
"When my cousin tells me all about her high school drama problems"
"I don't have an iPhone. My reaction to every post bitching about iOS 6."
"Just saw GameStop's Black Friday sales ad scans..."
"So adorable!"
"What I think about religion"
"Head turners"
"Once the best  always the best"
"Where is Repost Killer Panda?"
"Oh you  you big fish you."
"Oh You"
"Liam Neeson  why would you mess with him?"
"Why would you kidnap his family?"
"Little Buddies"
"Bunnies"
"Sick of gas prices?"
"Hipster ca. 1900"
"Camel spider"
"It's time to stop now [fixed: now with juicy downvote goodness]"
"Found this on FB.. Thought id leave this here"
"This game still makes me feel like a little girl every time."
"Black Rhinoceros skull"
"Someone turned out the lights"
"RUN!!"
"Law of the Wild"
"My research has shown that Louie C.K is right."
"Hugh Jackman is Clint Eastwood 40 years ago...Wolverine holding an armadillo."
"12 inches"
"No  it was cunt"
"That wasn't clever was it?"
"Damn Dad !!"
"I do say! (x-post from r/funny)"
"is this animal cruelty?"
"This always gets me going."
"Word."
"Every time I peek into r/conspiracy"
"How I feel right now after seeing every build cool things like movie theaters  kitchens  and new homes..."
"This will work.....5 min later"
"Facebook -.-"
"Fact: If the earth was 10 ft closer to the sun we would all burn up…"
"Me and the moon"
"How I feel at school on 4/20"
"Hipster Hitler: Juice."
"This happens everyday I wake up."
"Let's celebrate Columbus day..."
"Baby Red Panda loves to nom nom nom"
"how i feel when listening to music in bed at a [6]"
"So true.."
"God IS omniscient"
"Baby Chameleons"
"15 dolls put together equals a whole load of scary shit"
"The World Trade Center construction site flooding."
"Ground Zero"
"Expectations."
"Awkward School Photo"
"Dog hair. Yup. That's dog hair."
"A catapult"
"How much money would it take you to walk through this?"
"does anyone have any spare fire??"
"failing at winning"
"Please tell me that this is some kind of joke  and that these people are not a sampling of the emerging intelligence!"
"How could America not want this man in charge?"
"8/10 would listen"
"R-MONEY"
"Mitt Romney's Little Known Rap Album."
"At least he has a music career to fall back on."
"This is the last time..."
"This is the last time."
"Not sure if this has been posted before but I couldn't help myself."
"Four More Years"
"The most popular tweet of all time was made by Obama tonight."
"The heart  the emotion. Congratulations Mr. President on 4 more years!"
"FUCK DA POLICE!"
"F**K da POLICE!"
"Geography 101"
"My printers an asshole."
"So I googled &quot;the Iron Giants Head&quot;..."
"It's like heroine to people."
"There was fresh catnip at the farmer's market last week."
"I think it likes snakes."
"Ron Swanson"
"&quot;It's Always Sunny&quot; commentary on NFL refs."
"Niki Minaj back in the day."
"It's been a hard day's night  and I'd been working like a dog"
"Opposite day"
"Is it morning already? Bobcat kitten and baby fawn cuddle together"
"Yeeee Muffins"
"99 Problems"
"Meeting his real dad for the first time."
"I'm having mixed feelings about this picture"
"My latest Goodwill find"
"You know you want it."
"Palace of Badassery"
"Ask the japanese to advertise some banana brand  what could possibly go wrong?"
"This guy loves bananas"
"Just bananas."
"No words...just... no words."
"Possibly the single greatest picture on the internet"
"Can I have karma too?"
"The Best way to keep your child from becoming an Atheist"
"Only when you're an astronaut can a self portrait look this good."
"The liquid of life"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"Whenever I meet someone who is choosing to openly live the Christian Lifestyle  I don't get angry at them  I was raised right:"
"Yeah you heard!"
"Bitch Stickers"
"Friend's grandpa dropped this last night"
"I personally feel that the older tradition of turnip carving is at least 20 times more scary than silly pumpkin carving."
"That Bitch"
"Poor T-Rex"
"NeandertaLLica"
"Loki has no idea the power he has been given."
"NASA captured a close picture of the sun"
"looking for debate photos to put on our college newspaper  this looks legit.."
"What I did when I saw my midterm schedule."
"Why I cant lose weight..."
"The dilemma I face everyday"
"All I think of with this storm coming.."
"Before they were cult leader's wives."
"It's a boy!"
"I'm going to ruin your childhood."
"First successful permanent photograph - 1826"
"Finally  I've been on reddit for one year!"
"Reddit's monarch"
"My dogs face after playing with this kitten"
"When I'm blackout drunk and see a hot girl"
"Portal to Hogwarts Fashion School"
"My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard NSFW"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"Excuse me  did you lose a cat?"
"Girl in astronomy class argued the Earth was 6 000 years old  not 4.5 billion"
"i remember seeing this from a video  could you guys find the source?"
"Guess which team is getting all the calls tonight."
"Umpires Need Love Too"
"They Were Right! There Is A Pot Of Gold At The End OF The Rainbow!"
"The best costume I saw this year"
"This Hallowe'en  I feel like I'm wearing nothing at all...nothing at all...nothing at all..."
"Everyday is arms day"
"It's that season"
"Self explanatory"
"I present to you all: Morgan Freeman's daughter"
"Best Google cover photo ever! Bob Ross the legend."
"Today's Google Doodle has some happy little trees..."
"Today's Google Art features my favorite artist."
"Bob Ross on Google"
"I FINALLY found a photo that is perfect for my timeline cover art!"
"TIL cows have mad photobombing skills"
"They probably don't even know"
"I don't know where this pic was taken  but I can guarantee it was somewhere in the U.S.!"
"Like a sir"
"I think it is about time you delivered  Mr. Shitty_Watercolor"
"faggot dog"
"Booty-pocalypse"
"&quot;Just take the stairs to level 16&quot;"
"How I feel after my iPhone 5 pre orders."
"Yeah  I know."
"The morning after smoking..."
"As someone on accutane  this is how I feel most days"
"Where the Wild Things Are  best parents ever (x-post from r/boston)"
"Baby Platypus.."
"Genius"
"Eye Drop"
"When my plans are ruined by getting called into work..."
"When I do a research report wrong and have to do it all over again"
"missed my cakeday..."
"Obama meets Eastwood"
"Mitt Romney  now part of the Juan Percent"
"some damn good chicken"
"Why Google? WHY???"
"A photo my buddy sent me from Norfolk Virginia..."
"So this happened..."
"Barack Obama smoking a joint."
"Similar to re posting a failing link."
"When I hear my friends having fun without me."
"This is my all time favorite gif of all time. My sides are in so much pain right now!"
"Happy International Bacon Day!!!! Here is some Bacon art  To get us in the mood for the big day!!!! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Pots."
"Get well soon racoon..."
"How I feel when I see a person from High School"
"A shark swimming in a yard in New Jersey."
"A shark in a front yard"
"lil shark is hungry"
"Get out of here Shark  you are drunk."
"A lack of crackers."
"Nobody can fool the Spiderman!"
"When you pause a Nicki Minaj video..."
"Mine!!!"
"Outta My Way!"
"The day it was legalized."
"The cake is a lie..."
"Reaction Shots from a Local Haunted House: Nightmares Fear Factory"
"Play me out cat!!!"
"Reddit in 1910s"
"Amazing trollface"
"Saw this and couldn't help but saying what the fuck"
"Pretty neat."
"Whoever created this deserves an award."
"I felt really bad for laughing at this..."
"Walkway 9 3/4."
"Saw this recently"
"Robogangster"
"This had to be done."
"Every pool needs to have this [x-post IfIWonTheLottery]"
"How I feel about the new two fingered tap to upvote in the Alien Blue client."
"Reddit with beer goggles."
"Browsing r/aww"
"Trampoline get down from there you're drunk"
"Scumbag Dog"
"Random Imgur challenge. Party Time Excellent \m/"
"Well  that was unexpected"
"Wine Cellar [1187x1191]"
"Wine cellar anyone?"
"Favorite gif of all time."
"Trying to educate myself on the Higgs boson"
"OAG....She's there.....she's always there...."
"OAG....She's there.....she's always there...."
"OAG......She watching you......"
"Shock art  just...nope!"
"Living on the east coast  this is what my face book  personal interactions all seem like for the past 48 hours"
"What i've learned from Facebook+Twitter the past two days."
"How I feel about hurricane Sandy.."
"DUMP YOUR CHRISTIAN BALE GIFS!"
"how i feel everytime i get a downvote"
"O just a turdle going for a dive..."
"This gif actually makes me kind of sad."
"I immediately regretted making this one..."
"As an university student  this describes me when my friends ask me to go out to the club every weekend"
"I think I see it"
"I'm definitely doing this with my son  Travis."
"&quot;Best Job In The World !!!&quot;"
"That's enough /b/ for me today..."
"I have no words to say about this."
"Yea  that sounds about right..."
"Mike Wazowski!"
"Noon..."
"With the Italian Grand Prix this weekend  here is a gif I made from the start of last year's race."
"found this on my facebook feed today"
"Quick! Take the shot before- (sigh)"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Rick Ross wearing a Rick Ross chain wearing a Rick Ross chain"
"When my friends ask how I get my hair so fabulous"
"My response on how I feel about my school's upcoming homecoming week."
"When Kevin gets too excited"
"Its a monkey"
"As a Brazilian  I find this accurate in most cases."
"I wanna play come on toss me someth....HEY I AINT TALKIN TO YOU GET THE FUCK OUTTA HE....aw that tickles!..HEY MOTHERFU.."
"How I imagine myself in 50 years."
"How I see the British"
"Bounce!!"
"First GifSound  not bad"
"To anyone telling me not to karma whore on my cake day..."
"Differences between a hobo and a hipster"
"I asked my friend why he wasn't in college he sent this"
"Anyone got the original Dumb &amp; Dumber upvote handout gif please"
"All I want for Christmas"
"Dinosaurs: What really happend !"
"I thought florIda hurrIcane partIes were hardcore..FFS Cape Cod..."
"I'm so fucking lazy"
"Aogashima Island  Japan"
"As an Italian living in North America"
"Had my first blow job the other day..."
"What I felt like my first time grinding"
"How I feel when I wear a jacket that doesn't have any pockets."
"My reaction to pretty much every overheard conversation on the bus."
"Dat ass"
"This is why he's my hero"
"Happy cake day to you (NSFW)"
"Pure Strength"
"This is genius..."
"Que?"
"Badass LVL: ∞"
"Fabulous!"
"When the DMV is too costly in Mexico you are force to try the alternative. Illegal Immigration #fail!"
"Started playing melee C.F this some it up"
"No  it’s not turning right."
"Fetch!"
"Brush'em  private!"
"Right through the soul.."
"The Universe"
"Lion King - Mufasa shows his kingdom"
"One day... this will all be yours"
"When my post gets a ton of comments but only 1 upvote"
"I wonder who this old guy is? [pic]"
"Wayyy cool"
"Love this..."
"Y U NO VISIT"
"Dominance"
"Reddit's worst nightmare"
"Happy Birthday to the man who inspired millions."
"&quot;We are star stuff contemplating star stuff.&quot; - Carl Sagan - Happy Birthday you magnificent bastard!"
"When I see &quot;look who I ran into&quot; posts"
"&quot;Look  I have this karma machine...&quot;"
"How I felt when I heard about the NHL lockout"
"No Skrillex -_-"
"I choose you..."
"2termz"
"Not sure if repost  but I laughed my ass off."
"Obama's Election Photo"
"Obama"
"You know what it is."
"I can't tell which way it's going..."
"You want sexy pics?"
"Work it  bear."
"A future United States Olympic gymnastic  she nailed it! Just waiting for the judges scores.."
"You've seen faceswaps  now it's time for armswaps"
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"possibly the best resume i've seen in awhile"
"I found out it was my cakeday while on the toilet"
"Oh 4chan..........."
"Aw  for me?"
"Fuck you sauce"
"When I realized I didn't miss my cake day..."
"How it feels posting something on reddit"
"The reason he's my favorite..."
"Scene inside Democratic National Committee headquarters as the Romney campaign announced Paul Ryan as running mate"
"When Reddit came back online"
"Who's at fault here?"
"Thank you Jesus"
"Thank you Jesus."
"Evil duck"
"Parkin' Like a Boss"
"My face when my spoon-balancing boobs get no upvotes..."
"I have a feeling Lil' Wayne is much older than we think."
"Venezuelan poodle moth"
"Occupy Wall Street spreads to England"
"Toy cars."
"How to win a girl's heart"
"Hmmm..... That should make the worlds most popular game a little more exciting!"
"Animated GIF of sad Zoidberg I've made recently. Feels bad  mon."
"Literally the cutest thing I have ever seen."
"I think it's in sync (123BPM?)"
"Well. That's all the internet I need for the day."
"U have no words for this..."
"I have no words for this..."
"popped up un my facebook. thought you guys would enjoy"
"How did he even get up there? (xpost from /r/4chan)"
"Cat problem. x-post from 4chan"
"Here Comes the...."
"Oh man  this is still my fav pic ever. It gets me everytime."
"The ending of The Dark Knight Rises in a nutshell [possible spoiler]"
"How I've been studying for my midterm tomorrow..."
"Really good elevator music"
"how i imagine making throwaways must feel"
"everytime i beat my kid at mario cart"
"birthday"
"Not really sure how to caption this one"
"Repost"
"Mars - The base of Mount Sharp as seen by Curiousity."
"Limp Biscuit?"
"Ah  there it is. I thought he looked familiar."
"Watching the debate tonight when I got a sneaking suspicion I saw this man somewhere before..."
"Cannot be unseen"
"Alfred Hitchcock for photographer Jean-Loup Sieff [1962]"
"Came across some early Halloween costumes on my fb feed"
"I just saw this on my newsfeed. Dear god  what has this generation come to?"
"Too soon? - Maybe a repost"
"aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! *boom*"
"So I found this when I searched &quot;why are Asians good at math&quot;  now I know..."
"Can't we officially rename them Naughty Korea and Nice Korea?"
"Gotta love the difference"
"Just Chillin At The Pool"
"What are you hinting at..."
"Please sir don't take my ball part 2"
"I don't know where  I don't know why..."
"This is ..well it exists for some reason"
"Feels good man."
"Make It Rain"
"bringing resumes to my university's career fair"
"So I was watching a celebrity news  then I realized..."
"When I opened my long-awaited for secret Santa gift  only to find a lone piece of poop."
"Chewbacca dog"
"Somehow  I thought he would be taller...."
"Chewy pooch!"
"Leave it to the Japanese"
"I'm not sure where this is going..."
"Me in my 4th year Spanish class."
"Reading the Higgs Boson article"
"I decided to find out what &quot;Higgs Boson&quot; is and opened Wikipedia  this is how I felt."
"How I felt listening to my spanish speaking friend talk to her family in Spanish"
"Star Wars has a big effect on dogs"
"This picture always puzzled me  I bet Reddit can explain what is going on"
"This is how Genetics work"
"Cast away."
"I don't doubt that"
"my friend took this while surfing in california. incredible."
"How to confuse a dog: Part 1"
"Laziness level: Reddit"
"All this talk about Summer Steam Sales"
"What I think of apple maps..."
"Apple Maps"
"Today is my IRL birthday  here is my first thought this morning to all the birthday wishes..."
"New York turning into Ghostbusters"
"Do you really need to get close enough to read the sign?"
"Darth Vader dancing"
"The milk ain't gonna deliver itself!"
"Hold Still."
"Hello is slendy here"
"Crazy Picture of Sandy's Wrath and The Statue of Liberty."
"This is my cake day reddit  i think this picture is creepy."
"Juuuuuust passing through"
"Good morning Reddit. My wife left me and took our beautiful dog  two cats and my sanity. This is our I feel right now.[ not literally  but figuratively. and yes I am on my second serving of rum]"
"An epic battle is about to take place"
"Mother of god. I must do this!"
"I can't be the only one... can I?"
"Viewing /r/gaming today..."
"When I find roommates leaving dirty dishes"
"Bring on the downvotes"
"Hello Mr.Ducky."
"Mean while in Russia"
"How I feel as a Forever Alone"
"Every time I smoke trees."
"Kids these days have no respect for authority."
"Aha."
"Tigers on the hunt"
"Just another weatherman..."
"Purple Forest  With A Blue Stream In The Middle"
"Before getting my colonoscopy"
"wat?"
"Am I ever gonna want to sit on this face?"
"How /r/gonewild really is"
"Just found Egg Nog at the store..."
"Jumping time."
"I'm not sure this would be allowed in The Ryder Cup"
"What 90's Kids Eventually Realize"
"The best battle station I have seen on 4Chan."
"Big head small body"
"I would love to know what they thought was going to happen. (NSFW)"
"How I feel every day working as 1st line support."
"It had to be done sooner or later. [First]"
"Ctrl + shift + n"
"I Googled &quot;Guy with Fedora&quot;  this was the result."
"Romney to create 12 million American jobs his first term as president"
"Only 1 hour left in my Reddit birthday and i just noticed."
"SO MUCH COCAINE"
"4chan vs. 9gag. Final battle!"
"Don't forget!"
"Resuscitating a drowned cat (GIF)"
"Dafuq"
"This will make your mouth water"
"Baby Bat Yawning"
"Giggle at the newbies."
"Bandwagon"
"Science  BITCH!!"
"Extinction of the Dinosaurs"
"Oh Modern Family"
"HNNNNNNG!"
"Little puppy hugging a thumb (gif)"
"WTF are you looking at?!"
"A+ kid  A+"
"How I knew my SO was cheating on me with a &quot;bigger&quot; guy..."
"Sadly  going from a lazy straight-A high school student to a college student majoring in engineering."
"How I Feel About Neil deGrasse Tyson Doing Another AMA or How to Get Downvoted all to Hell on Reddit."
"Oh the things I find on 4chan."
"After Hurricane Irene hit Puerto Rico  the streets were so flooded that a shark managed to be swimming around. [x-post from r/waterporn]"
"What it's like when a girl logs onto pof..."
"Wall sockets from around the world!"
"Emi-Finn ft. Jake Dogg"
"Scared of dolphins? She's terrified."
"My reaction when I see that r/bigdickproblems has over 2 million subscribers"
"Binders Full of Women"
"Oh Bill...."
"The original Ronald McDonald... 1963."
"Fonzie Then/Now"
"Cheesus Christ!"
"googled the saddest picture on the internet and found this  i don't know if its funny this came up or sad"
"I don't like cheerleaders anymore.."
"Freedom!"
"I want to get away"
"Transformers!!!"
"Preacher jet transformation"
"Somewhere Chris Brown and Russell Brand are jerking each other off and crying."
"I will always love you  Obama-san."
"what the fuck /b/"
"Sometimes in life  the gods smile upon you  my friends."
"This is so true"
"When someone in real life tells me they're a redditor"
"When I saw how much Karma I could get Reposting from r/ReactionGifs Today"
"Heard about all the Hurricane Sandy Flooding Photos  so I Googled Hurricane Sandy Photos. Wasn't disappointed  at all."
"Never-ending tunnel (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"argh  not again!"
"I still regret nothing!!!"
"Forget 3 months  how about now?"
"[x-post /r/funny] I'm sure this will be funnier in a few months"
"How About Now?"
"Why wait 3 months?"
"There is a season"
"Cats can fly  too"
"Bad-ass"
"So true."
"No time to explain!"
"This is /r/trees right now."
"True story"
"Cat fucking owns kid"
":D"
"How does reddit feel about momongas?"
"Real life &quot;sweet jesus dog&quot; pic."
"The Joy in His Eyes"
"The Joy in His Eyes"
"awesome people hanging out together"
"When mods say not to downvote posts I disagree with"
"When the professor says the take home quiz is not open note."
"Found on FB. So true."
"Getting Stuck"
"Anchorman 2 was announced?!"
"Air drumming the drum solo in The End by Beatles perfectly."
"Thats so funny...."
"i dare you to blink."
"My testicles retreated back into my stomach"
"I love my desktop..."
"The life of an average redditor"
"Kind of describes my week"
"Batman visits the Joker"
"With friends like this... (x-post from r/gifs)"
"FOUR MORE YEARS!"
"8 million..... and ONE"
"A classic that still makes me laugh"
"Just found this on Explosm"
"Colour"
"Notice Regarding the Cat (Stolen from TimeOut London/Facebook)"
"How did that happen?"
"Words CAN NOT describe ths!!!"
"When I hear someone say  &quot;It's in The Bible  so it must be true.&quot;"
"the advantages of being colorblind."
"Original Poncho-wearing Badass"
"No matter how bad my day is  this picture always cheers me up."
"Not sure what to think about this..."
"Just Salvidor Dali walking his Ant Eater."
"How I feel after fighting with the woman."
"Even Dark Lords Have to Have Fun!"
"Dude"
"I can't see how this could go wrong? ... oh."
"Big mistake."
"How I see Reddit these days"
"French soldier in Mali  January 2013"
"Well they have a point on this one..."
"Just saw this on fb..."
"So  a deer walked into a bar..."
"So this is what bar hopping looks like?"
"Arriving to class late on the day of a test"
"What I look like in clubs. [FIXED]"
"He gets my vote this election."
"Well then  that's quite the sight to wake up to."
"Clint Eastwood at RNC"
"Saw this on facebook..."
"Summary of Clint Eastwood's speech"
"Whenever someone says &quot;We got turkey bacon instead&quot;"
"It was only a matter of time before someone did this..."
"the moment i realised GOT's second season debut is one month away"
"Allan in Saints Row"
"Why would you ban such an awesome dog?"
"Halloween costume of the year  2012"
"I'm not drunk"
"Crusty the Clown as a small child... (xpost from /clownbutter)"
"Me when I am drinking sparingly"
"statutory rape?"
"When I hook up a second monitor to my computer"
"Ermehrgerd Permpkern sperce!"
"Ermahgerd  Sterberks!"
"Ermahgerd [fb]"
"He might think she's crazy but he wouldn't mind at all"
"Just picked up my last paycheck  told my now old boss to suck it  and walked out  0 fucks were given today"
"Reverse gender sexual harassment??"
"Wakey wakey  eggs &amp; bakey! [gif]"
"Get jiggy with it"
"Don't be jelly."
"Did you know..."
"Scenes of looting now spreading to Cornwall"
"The ultimate money shot (SFW)"
"Nice ass!"
"What a horrible day!"
"cross section tissue of a marram grass leaf"
"If anyone is interested I found an image of Trapped_In_Reddit"
"Man hit by train!"
"It's my real life cake day."
"We built it..."
"Jim Henson chatting with Kermit- The Muppet Movie"
"Oh yea...This feels right.."
"I would watch this show everyday. All day."
"Banana Cat: Part of a Balanced Breakfast"
"Googled Banana Cat and Was Not Disappointed (x-post from r/pics)"
"A crazy picture i found"
"When I see two reposts on the front page."
"Mind freakin blown..."
"Say some &quot;gangster&quot; is dissin' your &quot;fly girl&quot;. You just give 'em one of these:"
"On a whim  these synced up perfectly... I'm not sure what I'm doing with my life"
"Space Shuttle Over Los Angeles"
"America! Fuck YEAH!"
"The Heroes of Atheism!"
"A great wallpaper"
"Luggage Fees"
"The &quot;Z-Machine&quot; at Sandia National Laboratories  Albuquerque  New Mexico [no  this is not photoshop]"
"This is what 3 600 000 000° F looks like."
"Every single time I read the label RPG in video games  I get this image in my head..."
"I Miss Him"
"Miss Me?"
"We Forced Game 5!!!"
"Watching my first post exceed 100 upvotes"
"Passed 1 000 link karma..."
"Oppan Gotham Style"
"When a r/reactiongifs post begins with &quot;MRW&quot;"
"Whenever I see my post getting downvoted."
"Frankenstorm Wreaks Havoc on NYC"
"Hurricane is looking pretty serious right now"
"Sandy is looking pretty serious right now"
"wtf!? First the hurricane and now this!!"
"Hurricane Sandy Causes Mass Hysteria in NYC"
"Think this might be shopped (xpost /r/funny)"
"The current state of New York"
"Oh ball you're my best friend! GAH WHY DO YOU BETRAY ME SO!"
"Libertango cat"
"Dance kitten"
"Don't want to replace the back glass? Here's a alternate solution!"
"Collection of WTF Jesus  always makes me laugh"
"Bad idea..."
"After one year this is what I've learned about trying to reach the front page..."
"When the baby pictures come out..."
"You lose atheists!"
"What in the fuck"
"Equestria Chickens."
"So I saw The Dark Knight Rises in an IMAX Dome theater today [FIXED]"
"My reaction when I found out today is my first cake day on reddit."
"After Being on reddit for a year and wasting countless possible productive hours browsing blue links"
"How I feel posting a comment that gets downvoted to hell"
"I regret not doing this sooner"
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"Photobomb Level"
"What I hate about Fall."
"Deadmau5"
"So this just popped up on my Facebook news feed..."
"Dancing behind a group of hot girls at a really packed concert"
"Epic bachelor win"
"When people ask if my wife has read 50 Shades of Grey..."
"When someone asks me at the bar...&quot;would you like a shot of whiskey?&quot;"
"My reaction when I check my joined date and see my cake day is in five days"
"Well  I hope you're proud of yourself Mitt"
"Facebook Really Knows Its Memes"
"Wrong use of meme and just..fail...."
"When I Am Not Joking On April Fools Day"
"My darling eye…"
"The Fiercest Feline in the Sea"
"The moment when I looked for the downvote button on a Google image search result"
"So some girls that I know in real life started using YOLO and Swag.."
"When the downvotes start rolling in."
"This year I got a job  paid for my own tuition  and pay my own rent. This is all I can think when my parents tell me I'm still their baby girl."
"Kittens + yoyo = Dawww"
"Ping-pong..."
"Reddit loves cats playing ping pong"
"My roommate decided to smoke Marijuana for the first time. I found him watching this."
"Cyanide and Happiness"
"Hello &lt;3"
"I'm as confused as a blind lesbian in a fish factory."
"FELINE! DISRESPECT! FROM! BEHIND!"
"&quot;Pussy temporarily out of service. . . &quot;"
"ahhhhh so satisfying"
"don't know if this is a repost  but it made me laugh."
"Not in front of the kid!"
"My Reaction When I Found Out I Didn't Have To Go To Church On Easter."
"What an amazing magic trick!"
"it's my cake day  magic trick for everyone."
"Psychology prof. attached this to his syllabus"
"Butterflies"
"Dislike if what...."
"Cage divers are confronted by a great white shark."
"I give you my coworker falling 20 feet onto concrete...he walked away"
"Thai busdriver"
"No Ticket! [gif]"
"Happy 35th Anniversary to Voyager 1's Launch"
"I saw this gif  and my mind wandered to my Orchestra music. Then this."
"Just like Gene and Roy"
"Patrick's having a wonderful time"
"I'm salivating don't know about you guys."
"Like a record  baby."
"Saw this on fb."
"poor Grandma ..."
"Hi there."
"I just can't even."
"Can you remove the motorbike? (4chan)"
"black and white earth. from space."
"Steve McCurry's stunning photo of a 9/11 rescue worker [887×1350]"
"Never forget. (not my photo)"
"Revenge!"
"What the f.... nope"
"Smashing"
"My literal reaction when ex told me the guy she hooked up with &quot;meant nothing&quot;"
"My Worst Nightmare [gif]"
"CD portrait celebrating the entire Freddie Mercury collection ..."
"How to end a trick"
"How I feel when my post doesn't start getting upvotes until over an hour after posting it"
"KFCeption"
"Anyone know who this cute chic is? [GIF]"
"He must have been one tough cookie."
"Vancouver bus advertisement [FIXED]"
"How feel as an Xbox player  watching everyone participate in the Steam summer sale."
"My face when a repost reaches the front page"
"The tenth Doctor is so sorry."
"How I feel finding out I'm sterile and incapable of having kids summed up in a gif"
"My Sex Life in a Nutshell."
"Typed in patrick star... Im satisfied"
"Humans."
"Found this on Ott's facebook  though you guys might dig it."
"Just Shopping"
"Just Shopping"
"Oh Kramer..."
"What? It's only Rick Santorum eating some ice cream!"
"I can't stop aww-ing."
"Surf's Up in Tahiti"
"Best. Wedding. Ever."
"If you aint no punk holla' we want pre-nup"
"New Favorite Gif"
"My response to being told there is no more Horchata at the Mexican restaurant I was at."
"Shark tank collapses."
"Typical Megan"
"Waking up on Saturday to go in for a 12 hour shift..."
"Shut the fuck up Eric"
"What are you gonna do about it!?"
"This cat ..."
"I AM ULTRALORD!"
"Through me off for a second  great costume."
"My sister made a new Halloween costume. The cops ran off screaming!"
"Once i realize i still have 5 hours til my 1pm class."
"Fair warning"
"Autumn bring an increase in geomagnetic storms."
"My reaction when someone tells me to go to /r/spacedicks"
"Cute bunny"
"Jumpolines"
"When the wife wakes me up for work when I've overslept..."
"How I feel when I go shopping with my Girlfriend"
"Going to bed and waking up after my first night shift.."
"What an Entrance [gif]"
"Every time I try to show off in public..."
"It's my favorite position."
"hurry while supplies last"
"I was accepted to Harvard...I think"
"Not a single fuck was.............wait. (crosspost)(nsfw)"
"23 years ago today."
"The worlds best engine"
"Zombie Nation"
"football+benny=awesome"
"Hey Kids!  Let's go shopping for Halloween candy! **yay**"
"Trying to decode this whole Yakman story..."
"On my first day back at work after a holiday..."
"my reaction to r/funny/new"
"Sunny nature"
"So it Rained Pretty Brutally today in Vegas. Here's a shot of a UNLV Parking Lot."
"Hail storm in Alberta  Canada..."
"Every week"
"There here is 'Meriuh Day!"
"Some things just are not meant to be..."
"No diving."
"Let's play a game ..."
"Not sure that I want to go back 43 years of updates  Steam"
"what's that you say?"
"Women jut don't understand!!"
"Bartender like a boss"
"After seeing the Trailer for &quot;Taken 2&quot;"
"Coming back from a concert to find your last post got 100+ karma"
"Fast asleep"
"It's a rare occurrence when this isn't my reaction to the comics."
"Owl Quartet"
"Owls..."
"Guy buys girl a $30k car... wait for the kicker"
"You're the best!"
"Einstein and his therapist--comforting to know that one of the most intelligent people who ever lived dealt with the same issues as the rest of us."
"Ur... What... How? I don't know."
"Morgan Freeman chain of command [pic]"
"The Eternal Lightning Fields in Venezuela"
"If WW2 was played online [animated]"
"I've always thought it was a funny name too..."
"When a co-worker disagrees with the boss in the middle of a meeting  this is how I feel inside"
"Whenever I try to make my cat pose for cute pictures"
"MRI of a watermelon (x-post from r/biology)"
"MFW I try to understand the story line of 'The Shining'."
"YES GREENBA...oh"
"Upvote Denied!"
"Morality? Guess which one the Bible is OK with."
"Catwoman is on her Period"
"living in Pennsylvania and reading anything new on Sandusky"
"When my wife asked me to watch Honey Boo Boo tonight. &quot;Just give it a chance&quot; she says...."
"Wanted to share my new wallpaper with you guys"
"E Honda IRL"
"Sums up the internet pretty well..."
"Well this gave me a 9 and 3 quarters..."
"You can make rage faces on facebook IM. No shit  I'm being serious."
"Googled &quot;Dumb Shit&quot;"
"Turns out only Atheists get into heaven"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Another rage GIF to add to your collection."
"As an Aussie seeing all the Halloween pics..."
"Mischievous kittens."
"Who else has seen these owls?"
"What I see when I watch my roommates get stoned."
"This is a wall in St. Peter's Basilica. You're welcome."
"Three beers please!"
"Whenever i see a fellow ginger"
"When you see someone wearing a jersey of your favorite team"
"Like a Boss"
"Excuse me Miss  would you kindly step aside?"
"How I feel after just having passed a test without studying"
"They're all dead....Game over man...Game over"
"Eye of a yet unidentified sea creature. What do you think it is?"
"Awesome drawing my best friend's girlfriend's cat's former owner's little cousin did with finger paints"
"Eli Manning meets Arrested Development"
"Empty seat next to hot girl in class. Some other guy beats me to the seat."
"First thing I thought of when I saw Eli hang his head after the missed FG"
"Why so grumpy mister atheist?"
"Firework"
"A Cup Full Of Bunny"
"Hugh Jackman (The Wolverine) does Gangnam Style with PSY himself!"
"Awkward..."
"Dirty Debating"
"No one puts baby there!"
"Bed time just got more fun"
"The original karma whore"
"He's gone mad..."
"&quot;Close enough!&quot;"
"Best.Show.Ever."
"What the.. ? [X post from r/funny]"
"Buception"
"Buception (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"Scientists... (FIXED)"
"A flower with 80 000 volts running through it."
"Whenever I make a new &quot;atheist&quot; friend and he states we should murder religious people"
"i  too  googled my username. did not disappoint..."
"Let the &quot;awww!!&quot; faces commence"
"I just added this to my list of things to do before I graduate from college"
"Brightens Up My Day Everytime!"
"Teddy Roosevelt Shooting Bigfoot."
"What exactly is going on here?"
"wtf wtf wtf"
"Ouch."
"Mattress Jump Fail"
"Dad they're in the yard"
"I feel it."
"Totally worth it"
"Oh my  what an adorable baby"
"Recon puppy"
"Silly Trucks  you cant sleep there!"
"Hippolas Cage"
"My dad got new pain medication today...he sent me this."
"The golden age of music [fixed]"
"One Night Stand"
"My reaction to the updates about Diablo III"
"Canadian Waffles"
"I can't even explain whats going on here. This photo just streamed on my facebook."
"the French army knife"
"Russian WWII Veteran finds his tank."
"how look at my friends instagram pics"
"This runs the Internet"
"Oh Neil...."
"I only eat Paint!"
"Nope."
"fuck taking a picture from underneath this wave"
"Can anyone explain this gif?"
"Pooh likes honey"
"Unleashing Evil (view full size)"
"Not sure if I want to hunt this year...nsfw"
"When a 3-day-old comment/post is still receiving karma"
"How I feel about tomorrow's exam..."
"When my plans are ruined by getting called into work..."
"When I do a research report wrong and have to do it all over again"
"missed my cakeday..."
"Dat Ass"
"This is so many levels of badass..."
"Ouch"
"Typical Disney..."
"Mooo."
"Getting ready for Motherboy (x-post from arresteddevelopment)"
"Roller Dog"
"Superman in England (xpost from r/funny)"
"A cute girl sits next to you on the train/bus/plane. What do you do? Overthink it of course."
"GLOOM used ACID!"
"My reaction when I heard that President Obama would sign the NDAA"
"America today."
"2nd term you say?"
"Spongebob  WTF?!?!"
"Oh Charlie"
"&quot;After further review...&quot;"
"Nfl Refs"
"Pretty much sums up the refs in the NFL thus far. I find this to be humorous."
"I don't know Karate...but I know crazy."
"wtf r u lookin at?....(also check out the label)"
"Hello there"
"Nice elevator floor illusion"
"I googled &quot;Pokemon Bicycle Highway&quot;... this is what I got"
"Penalty kick flip"
"He's Sailing Away [Fixed]"
"[I live in Charlotte NC] How I feel people look at me this week when I mention I didn't vote for Obama."
"Cultural differences: how I feel as a Brit seeing all these Hallowe'en costume posts"
"No mouse  no keyboard  no problem."
"Whenever I see a [FIXED] post without seeing the original. [FIXED]"
"Makes you think..."
"every time i go in the new section"
"Computer guy"
"This really makes me question how truthful they are being."
"Watching football when..."
"Pedobear was busy on Haloween.."
"Dwight Schrute VS. Planking"
"Hands up!"
"How I imagine NYPD after the recent empire state shooting... [FIXED]"
"17 individual images taken at the same time between April 2 and September 16 follow half the analemma curve from Baku Azerbaijan. Venus is visible transiting the Sun in one of the top exposures."
"Why you don't leave space shuttles unattended"
"Fuck dah police"
"Stuff like this gets me every time"
"The Milky Way in a beautiful landscape"
"Who's your daddy?"
"Had to make this after I saw this gif [FIXED]"
"So I Googled &quot;What The Fuck?&quot; This was the 2nd result:"
"Ron Swanson"
"Although it looks like 2 images  it's actually only 1 mind-bending picture"
"Found this after Googling &quot;Fat girls who think they are hot&quot;"
"That moment when you realize the weather man was wrong"
"When I saw Reddit was down for emergency maintenance."
"Gotta stay warm!"
"Wait a minute..."
"I never thought a Disney cartoon could be so badass"
"Hes sad  but some what contempt."
"Check out that goat tower."
"Testing of the Peacekeeper re-entry vehicles  all eight (ten capable) fired from only one missile. Each line represents the path of a warhead which  if it were live  would detonate with the explosive power of twenty-five Hiroshima-style weapons"
"Nice legs!"
"A fabulous chicken  genetically altered to not grow feathers."
"lkhjbjbvj"
"Mix 'n' Match animals"
"Love"
"All I can think about when seeing everyone's deformed hands."
"Meanwhile in New Jersey..."
"Reflection"
"The world has at least 22 950 fools."
"The debate continues"
"I always laugh WAY to hard at this."
"Mr. Rogers has too much swag."
"Colorful lightning"
"wow  Koala's look pretty scary when wet.."
"I was hiking through a remote Australian State Forest  heard hissing and turned around. I'll never be the same again... Not snake."
"I was hiking through a remote Australian State Forest  heard hissing and turned around. I'll never be the same again... Not snake."
"Old  but personally one of my favorite images ever."
"Samuel L Aksin'"
"lions attacking"
"Something else had to be going on when this was taken."
"I've located a wormhole."
"I haven't seen breasts like that in quite some time."
"My response to NC. State beating Fsu"
"As a black guy  I still laughed"
"Racisim at its finest"
"Not sure if this is a repost but still hilarious"
"Life Cycle of a Leaf"
"Dinner Dinner Dinner Dinner"
"Best. Walrus. Gif. Ever. [FIXED]"
"Myth busted"
"Aww poor dog... oh."
"A friend just posted this on [FB]"
"Ohh looks like ..oh g*d it burns"
"Calculus and Statistics in the same semester was a bad choice."
"Happy to get this Comic reference  you?"
"Parenting done wrong..."
"Two cute bears"
"Franky was just too excited for the iPhone 5 to wait for his owners to get home and open it!"
"TAKE THAT"
"Dragon-Nerd"
"Surfin' Dog"
"Out of my way Bitchessss"
"When my wife is &quot;in the mood&quot;..."
"Only in Michigan….Does Hell actually freeze over."
"Got this on FB. Must be a good restaurant."
"This is Totally What Happens When I’m Lazy"
"Glasses"
"Captain America!"
"This has got to be the cutest picture on the Internet."
"ohawww!!!"
"aww...Wtf?!?"
"Catfish"
"i could watch this all day"
"When I try to dance cool around women  how I really look"
"Not one fuck was given that day."
"How I feel when my girlfriend wakes me up in the morning"
"MFW I found out 50 Shades of Grey is a trilogy"
"What it's like hearing someone tell you what you got upto after a night of drinking..."
"Let's Party!"
"When I listen to Huey Lewis and the news (GIF from Khouzombie's post on r/reactiongifs)"
"68 Gif salute to one year."
"Photographer Tracy Shelton captures this mind-altering photograph of rebels in Aleppo  Syria at the split second between life and death"
"Excuse me while I go pack my bags."
"Dexter"
"Why didn't I learn this as a freshman!?"
"Studying Incentive"
"Shoddy Workmanship [gif]"
"This about sums up the replacement refs in the NFL..."
"NFL replacement refs in a nutshell."
"Just look at that face!"
"Mac vs Windows"
"For my 20th rl cake day I give you the best gif I've seen"
"Some people just can't handle the sour."
"When i see a picture of a huge spider."
"Tech support."
"When someone speaks a foreign language next to me."
"My reaction when i looked in the mirror this morning  after shaving my beard.I have made a huge mistake."
"I just realized i missed my cake day."
"Oh  that's water? Like it gives a fuck."
"Still one of the funniest things I've seen in my many years on the internet."
"Having a cakeday on New Years."
"Does anyone know who she is? [NSFW]"
"NFL Lockout Refs Watching the Games"
"Fuck your birthday  you bitch."
"Sorry my lefty is not very strong."
"Bad internet?"
"AAAAAAWWWWW YYYEEEEEAAAAAHHHH!"
"Heyy sexy??..."
"Who knew handy work could be so erotic..."
"Keep Rollin Rollin Rollin Rollin YEAH"
"How I feel about /r/GifSound lately..."
"Translucent ants drinking colored water."
"Peeing with morning wood"
"Ink birds (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Racoon don't give a fuck bout kitty claws"
"Went to mcdonalds today..."
"Extreme Case of Hyperdontia (Excessive teeth) - Mildly NSFL"
"-.-"
"No words."
"Wanna party?"
"You Fucking Know"
"Here's the voice of a black woman in your head"
"Oh  how times have changed."
"The many stages of philosophy! (X-post from /r/philosophy)"
"IT'S OVER 9000!!!!!"
"I miss it."
"Missing Stapler"
"Searched &quot;Bizarre&quot; on Google...was not disappointed."
"Pretty much sums me up when I get out of a relationship"
"Pixar v. Dreamworks"
"My obligatory cake day post with bacon narwhals and religion busting Chuck Norris."
"Watching my friend trying to talk to a girl."
"Would love to see this at the Olympics  a true qwop."
"I said a hip hop..."
"K"
"i can tell this is going to spread quickly like nigel thornberry"
"My current wallpaper"
"What the-"
"Jason Segal talking about The Muppets"
"Just some of my lady friends out for a quiet drink."
"Go to a club they said  it will be fun they said"
"What?"
"Strange Street-Art"
"I'll give you this one Mr. Baumgartner."
"Felix Baumgartner...what a guy"
"R2D2 [Fixed]"
"R2D2 was a Race Car Driver"
"I sparkle."
"This is how i feel today! (x-post from /r/reactiongifs)"
"I feel petty doing this but so many lol's are being had."
"The look of disappointment"
"Spot the 4chan user."
"How I feel everyday when lecture is over"
"Today is a good day"
"Thanks  lads. Much appreciated."
"Obama and Batman!"
"Coincidence?"
"When I see one of my first submissions reach the front page of 'Gifs'"
"hey didn't die for your sins  but he fetched for your sticks"
"I love this"
"How I feel passing a final I didn't study for"
"I can't wait to tap into my superpowers after finals next month."
"meanwhile in texas..."
"Nice catch  kitty!"
"What you looking at?"
".....Yes."
"What PETA really should be advertising..."
"Baby Bacon"
"Micro-Pigs: The Definition of Cute."
"How I feel whenever my friends brag about getting a better grade on a test than me."
"What are you doing?"
"I can haz stawbewwy?"
"What. The. Balls."
"Coke Spider"
"Classic Pooh!"
"It's my birthday!"
"What the Customer Actually Wanted"
"Back to school shopping."
"What Every Kid Needs..."
"So  this showed up on my newsfeed"
"May I introduce  the forever alone tovel!"
"May I introduce  the forever alone towel"
"wouldn't want to wear this in the locker room..."
"Wrong in so many ways"
"A costume I thought reddit would enjoy"
"Alien killing robot baby costume is the best costume"
"How I feel as a police officer having to work Sunday night."
"Mountain lion in a tree."
"When my Grama tells me I look handsome."
"First date in 2.5 years  this is how I feel about how it went..."
"Well this is a coincidence."
"The right path"
"Who says there's no &quot;I&quot; in TEAM?"
"&quot;There's no 'I' in team!&quot;"
"Saw this in my news feed"
"gandalfs song"
"Jesus is real (sarcasm)"
"Sometimes i want a pet rock..."
"You have to remember this happening to you at one point or another..."
"Atlas Mountains  Morocco"
"He has died exactly 20 years ago. R.I.P.  Freddie!"
"Happy Birthday you amazing man"
"Too Soon?"
"I has a rainbow of flavor"
"I don't think I want a hamster anymore."
"No its still a Duck."
"Whenever I don't have to wear a condom because she's on birth control"
"And now  a dramatic recreation of the interview process for a promotion at work"
"Fucking QWOP"
"A gif of a platypus running"
"You can't explain that"
"Kitty is not pleased."
"It's too perfect (catgroove)"
"To the frontpage!!!"
"Just a cute baby octopus"
"Belongs here"
"MRW  back in march  I learned I had cancer (finaly found one worth posting)"
"Needs more illustrations."
"They always say German Shepherds are the smartest dog breed..."
"Bad Doggie"
"Get ya pussy in here!"
"Breakfast level: Engineer"
"He'll return to us one day."
"Fuck you  that sounds totally normal  asshole"
"Students are..."
"Jump"
"Slo-mo Cat Attack"
"Rules of the road"
"Facebook  why?"
"The Intimate Parisian Bookshop Shakespeare and Company"
"Me after visiting almost any NSFW subreddits"
"How a man eats at the office."
"This is what happens when I feel morbid"
"Everyday on the MBTA Bus in Boston"
"What is this?!"
"Did you do this in classroom?"
"Thug-Life"
"My friend has a whole pack of Samoyeds  and she dressed them up for Halloween"
"/b/'s election predictions (x-post from r/4chan)"
"HIFW my mom explains me her computer problem"
"When you see someone failing at a simple game"
"I am all for this"
"All I can say is WTF!? [NSFW]"
"It must have."
"Friend of a friend of a friend sent this over to me...I can't think of a creative enough caption."
"Nice work ABC..."
"1337 5p45k"
"A brief message from Rashad Evans."
"This seriously was my first question when i was told about astronauts in space in elementary school"
"Posts on Reddit constantly remind me how true this is."
"Found these guys at a red light. Made my day."
"Found these guys at a red light. Made my Day."
"Possibly Reddit's Worst Nightmare."
"Nicholas Cage stars in..."
"They are merciless. They will hunt you down"
"CURSOR DISCO!!!1"
"This picture brings me so much joy"
"Tunnel of Love - (train tunnel of trees located in Kleven - Ukraine)"
"I showed up to my new jobs orientation on time to find out that the first hour is optional breakfast"
"If Mario had weapons like Link"
"Mexico border used as volleyball net in Arizona."
"When you feel crumbs on your bed."
"Get well soon"
"Earth doing Van Gogh's starry night"
"Craziest picture I've seen of Sandy"
"Craziest picture I've seen of Sandy"
"A Fat  Mustachioed Orphan Finds a Home"
"15-week-old walrus rescued from the open ocean off Alaska finds home."
"Naked Chicks and Beer"
"Ninja Farts"
"Reddits new #1 most wanted"
"mario's worst nightmare"
"Anyone else play this game?"
"FINISH HIM!"
"On my feed. Thought it belonged here."
"My boyfriend comes back in a week after we've been separated for over 3 months. This will be us every 5 freakin' minutes for at least a week."
"President Obama's new campaign poster"
"Our place in the universe."
"The only one you can be certain is true is #6."
"Naysayers Gonna Naysay."
"Don't think this otter likes his watermelon very much."
"My Life"
"Henry Sheen"
"Henry's drug addiction finally uncovered!"
"Drugs are bad  MmmKay"
"Felt like it was the time for imgur randomizing. The very first thing that popped up."
"Shakira's hips have nothing on this little guy!"
"When the music plays  you gotta dance."
"When the music plays  you gotta dance. [gif]"
"Roll over"
"RE: Shirt off? It's on [seems to be a thing!]"
"8 mile"
"How I feel when black guys say I can dance"
"At dawn.."
"We shall win much honor"
"Big dog  small pig =P"
"The best review ever."
"please  you ugly anyway"
"jessica Alba Finger Sucking"
"My response when I discovered my new job has no dress code."
"Saw this on FB. Well  that escalated quickly."
"I touch myself..."
"Walrus Steps"
"Nothing is ever black and white"
"The greatest fashion accessory of the '90s"
"Storm directly over the North East of England yesturday  taken from an airplane"
"i'll be there for you.."
"Calm  composed  explosive [gif]"
"This made me a little dizzy"
"Mind Blown..."
"Question everything?"
"I played this stinking sprinkler like a harp from hell"
"Pokemon: Christian Version"
"Big pussy"
"Floridian's react to a hurricane hitting the Northeast"
"FUCK"
"Fonzie card"
"Does Reddit have any room for a KOALA?"
"Posted in many places; thought here was fitting as well"
"Scumbag Luigi"
"Dubstep in a nutshell."
"Should I put the balls in my mouth or play with them?"
"All the links I've already seen are blue again."
"Yeah  yeah yeah  it was posted years ago. Still  this is one of my favorite pictures ever. Maybe someone who has never seen it will find it and like it."
"I don't think V would support them..."
"Hells yeah! NO! NOOOO!"
"Brave kid  I've ever found [FIXED]"
"Serving The Queen [PIC]"
"This classly toilet picture just appeared on my facebook newsfeed..."
"&quot;The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.&quot;"
"Best father son Halloween costume."
"When you see it..."
"my nana"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Not a single one given that day."
"When my whore of an ex-gf texts me and tells me she &quot;misses me&quot;"
"No fap September"
"Aww shit...."
"OBEY"
"All glory to the hypnotoad"
"Let us remember our fallen comrades..."
"It's over people  let it go."
"Frozen Abiqua Falls  Oregon [1600x1280]"
"All the....Pringle ladies???"
"Guess he didn't like that decision."
"Um... They're alive in there.... [NSFL]"
"Just a shaved bear."
"I see your shaved bunny and raise you a shaved bear."
"Apple vs Samsung vs Nokia... ROFL!"
"Well  that didn't go as expected. [NSFW]"
"One job Phil..."
"Kids today will never know what it's like to have to clean your balls"
"Kids today will never know what it's like to have to clean your balls"
"Courage vs. Insanity"
"Woah...A squared plus B squared equals C squared"
"I'm in law school and this is what I think every time I see a Latin phrase..."
"It's sad how excited I was to see this"
"Every time I get one upvote after an hour."
"Roofing. Get it?"
"Magikarp used...."
"It's Super Effective!"
"Wait  that's an arrow head? All this time I thought it was a downvote."
"Knockout"
"I don't... Even..."
"You guys want more WTF? I think I can help."
"Jeffery Likes it loud"
"When I see my friend trying to get a girl"
"When I'm trying to act like a boss"
"For my cake day: Ridiculously Photogenic Receiver"
"How my nose feels when I have a cold"
"What it's like living in Louisiana after a hurricane."
"...Microwave"
"Poor guy. He's still got half way to go."
"I'm not saving into that thing."
"Meet the newly identified species of African monkey  Lesula."
"He like it when I..."
"Mama said there'll be days like this..."
"Gentleman Banana"
"We engineered them that way."
"Cannot Contain The Happy"
"wake up and smell the flowers!"
"Never-ending hands [gif]"
"&quot;Breaking Ned&quot; (walter white/ned flanders)"
"Pot of Gold!"
"Seriously guys."
"The saddest reaction gif just got a little sadder."
"Whenever I hear someone say swag or YOLO."
"I was chatting with my new step-brother at my mom's wedding tonight and found out he is a redditor."
"How I feel every time I park next to someone with the same car as me [x-post from /r/volkswagen"
"Look who my friends ran into this weekend (he always wears the same outfit??)!"
"Orca Halloween"
"As a panda this made me laugh"
"I'm a panda."
"What...The...Fuck..."
"My high school had a Career dress-up day  this is what my friend decided to go as"
"It's a popular paper apparently."
"Teri Hatcher reaction..."
"Certainly faster than Mario."
"So this is floating around my Instagram feed right now."
"My friend just sent this to me......"
"#2TERMZ"
"2 TERMZZZZZ!!!"
"The real reason you play."
"The graphics were amazing  but the gameplay and storyline were terrible."
"do a barrel roll bitch!"
"He got nothing to worry about  such a good life."
"I got a feeling that I am making this a lot harder than it actually is."
"More original troll dad"
"WTFKZ"
"Guys  contain your orgasms."
"How i feel seeing anyone mention swag."
"A cute representation of a very annoying occurrence"
"Every. Fucking. Time."
"Quickly! To The Internet!"
"Tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Cop kicks girl in the face for getting kicked in the leg."
"Epic power slide!"
"The moment I see the link in r/WTF that makes me close reddit..."
"You just gotta believe...!"
"Dance like no one is watching!"
"This has no explanation."
"He's so fast!"
"That's umm..."
"Ohh bloodyfrrghapuhfugahpuhchuhfehaaah"
"yolo!"
"Ugh...that was a rough monday..."
"Oh 4chan..."
"My friends and I lately"
"Wat."
"Coming home from college to a fully stocked kitchen"
"It's okay  little kitty."
"Rejected"
"How does reddit like this shirt I made "
"I'll just leave this here.."
"Ebony and Anarchy"
"How I feel browsing /r/politics during the Republican National Convention."
"When I see a Daily Show link on Reddit"
"Me trying to get into the Reddit cool club"
"When I go to the bathroom the morning after Taco Bell"
"Creepy abandoned mansion"
"I still don't get it."
"How I feel right now"
"Anger level: Pepperoni"
"Jesus responds to Giorgio A Tsoukalos."
"Whenever a Mitt Romney or Barrack Obama ad plays on YouTube."
"African Play Station"
"Possible Re-Post  Relatively new account  But this is an AMAZING idea."
"Whenever I play Portal 2 co-op with my girlfriend..."
"Debating on passing the joint or finishing it off. (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"Whenever I try and share my opinion on reddit"
"I bet atheists would be amazing at this..."
"I'll be voting for... ummm..."
"This kid has X-Games written all over him"
"If you honk..."
"Going to get more toilet paper after realizing I'm out mid-poo. [FIXED]"
"The very last picture of a Russian bombsquad"
"Dumpster babies"
"Dog the bounty hunter"
"I found this rather amusing."
"Gets me everytime"
"I don't get it?.... Ohhh"
"Party hard and celebrate!"
"Headbanging"
"PARTY HARD!!!!"
"when its time to party we will &quot;Party Hard&quot; [FIXED]"
"CAT PARTY!!!!!!!"
"Bounce!"
"NOPE"
"Facehugger."
"My niece and a monkey [fixed]"
"Pikachu... What have you done?!?"
"Next time we visit Mount Rushmore  we'll bring a guide."
"Canadian side of Mount Rushmore"
"Watching my dad (a GP doctor) watch House is more entertaining than the show"
"It still makes me daydream whenever I come across it."
"Who in the right mind.... (x/post from r/trees)"
"That's a great way to raise your child."
"Browsing r/new"
"Just Putin with his new ride"
"What I was like when Usain Bolt won the 100 m dash"
"Everytime I win an argument."
"Best mom in the world."
"Frightened little guy biting his tail. I think he's cute"
"when i accidently go to r/creepy"
"I'll try that one day?"
"why isn't this a common activity?"
"Just when you thought Jurassic Park couldn't get any better"
"Look who I met in Target!"
"I feel strongly that if you see this  your day will be at least a tiny bit better."
"Think I'm going to hell for making this?"
"WTF! odd animated gif..."
"Jackie Chan vs Sauron aka Story of my life"
"I joined reddit just to share this"
"Serial Killers aren't the only ones with secret doors."
"My response to my ill daughter when she told me she's been using my carmex all week."
"Thanks for the tow"
"Allergy season. Time to..."
"Star Fox Down!"
"that feeling when a post is getting upvoted"
"That's it! I'm done!"
"Internet ads have finally gone to far"
"How I feel downvoting on the front page."
"What I imagine a Christian feels like trying to make and argument in a r/atheism comment stream"
"Sat to see a hurt kitty but its just way too cute!"
"Certain fans"
"Facebook today"
"This makes me want one of my own."
"SNIPER!!!"
"How I feel when CTRL+ALT+Delete doesn't work."
"It's just a figment of your imagination."
"So it is my cakeday  searched Funny gif. Was not dissapointed."
"Bruce Fucking Campbell... The rest of us are just begging for scraps"
"Stealing candy from a baby"
"Yo  touch the rainbow [gif]"
"Toddlers and Tiaras..."
"This remains one of my favorite gifs of all time."
"Look at all these poor guys trying to hula hoop"
"What is going on here?"
"Japanese dough kneading."
"Gotta put a beat on it."
"Oh  the level of DUMBNESS is...!?"
"Well  that's just awful"
"Aquarium  Okinawa"
"Don't forget the jelly"
"Its a Pug life."
"its always while you're not looking"
"Soccer Fail"
"LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE"
"When I realize I have a paper due tomorrow that I've barely even started."
"Christian bale has the ZUMBA fever"
"Why I downvote all posts that say &quot;my girlfriend&quot;"
"Level level: Level"
"THIS IS FOR ALL YOUR DOWNVOTES!"
"The only thing you need to do..."
"Feel good!"
"Guess Who - The Nicholas Cage Edition"
"What it feels like having the comment on a front page post"
"How a girl must feel trying cowgirl for the first time"
"For me!? Don't mind if I do!"
"Ah! The sweet whispers of love..."
"Dirty talk"
"Instantly spice up your love life"
"When the hive mind detects a dissenting opinion."
"Dafuq did I just watch."
"uh....wut?"
"This exists"
"Sniping kittens"
"Porn Cat (SFW)"
"Trying to get my girlfriend in the mood [gif]"
"Obama on religion and abortions"
"How I Feel Missing My Cakeday"
"Suddenly a dog"
"Everyday I'm Pingu'in"
"Cow"
"Bivouacking!"
"I have no words."
"Did she turn into The Hulk the night before?"
"Well maybe he shoulda gone about getting one a little differently?"
"After a long journey.."
"Gets me everytime"
"My friend improved the new Robocop look a bit. Xpost from /r/pics."
"Somebody fucked with the Jesus"
"My thoughts after watching the season 1 pilot for the first time.."
"Welcome to Australia  motherfuckers Yes  the spiders eat birds here"
"Come to Germany - Land of Opportunities"
"How to start a fight..."
"Saw a gif of this guy... so yea  this is a thing now  I guess."
"nigel...."
"An Added Surprise"
"They told me I could become anything"
"FUCK YEAH"
"Knut at the Cantina"
"Ignore the crane."
"Best toy ever."
"STOP!"
"I didn't know cattails could do this..."
"Let me just take a peek at your asshole."
"Oh  good morning... COME AT ME BRO!"
"Green Bay's Steve Bartman"
"NFL Derp"
"Man  these guys can't even do the YMCA right!"
"This is the biggest thing to happen for organized labor in years."
"Cracked was NOT the place I expected to find something so horrifying. NOPENOPENOPE"
"watched this today and now understand"
"Better wear that seatbelt"
"oh honey  you look so good in that dress!"
"SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT"
"Pika-kitty"
"Pika-Kitty"
"Realized I missed my cakeday after having sex with my girlfriend all day"
"whenever i try to pick up a girl..."
"Fancy Cat in [a] Hat."
"[HIFW] I first went to /r/spacedicks"
"Lettuce take a moment to remember the titanic"
"I'd love to see that movie getting made."
"How I feel when my teacher gives a lecture on how good it is to have god in your life"
"so i Googled..."
"How I think most non-american redditors are going to feel today."
"Gay Vietnam War Vet Grave."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Found this on my Facebook feed..."
"Jesus  fuck. Ok  calm the fuck down."
"This popped up on my news feed... I guess likes are pretty desirable nowadays"
"The many faces of Kristen Stewart"
"The even more elusive Derpanese Tiger"
"Hot dog  anyone?"
"One of the single greatest things I've ever seen"
"Food producers finally catering to our particular tastes..."
"What really goes on in the South Pole..."
"Vintage gif for ants showing a penguin that finally stood up for itself after so many years of being slapped around"
"Intelligent Design"
"That's One High Horse"
"An interesting combination [FIXED]"
"not an acceptable answer..."
"Someone asked what happened to wtf lately. I present to you.....slightly NSFW"
"Googled &quot;Reddit worthy pictures&quot; this was the first thing to pop up."
"When I see reddit reposts on facebook"
"Journey to Reddit"
"He's just rocking out"
"A toast to the strongest mustache on TV."
"Because sometimes things don't need explanation"
"I find this unusual yet  suitable"
"Oh just a treehouse more elaborate than my house."
"The cops in my city aren't all pigs [xpost from r/chicago]"
"I don't understand this &quot;hoverhands&quot; that you speak of."
"Yup  that seems to be working out just fine."
"Hey ya Link! (Hopefully not a repost...)"
"The tree roots have followed the pattern"
"What kind of mutant tree roots do this?"
"Douglas Adams would've been 60 today. Happy Birthday Chap!"
"Facebook finally delivers!"
"I just realized my cakeday was yesterday"
"Fuck you.."
"Game of the Hill"
"Go mountain climbing  this happens  WTF would you do?"
"reddit's PR guy"
"Fundies... I guess they're not all bad"
"WOLOLOLOLOLO"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Boy that escalated quickly"
"That went by fast."
"Facebook  are you serious?"
"chivas  dunhills  coke and 7pm lunch sounds right"
"Well..."
"Shall we dance?"
"My friends new friend"
"I don't usually post pics of kittens  but when I do .."
"Look under your chaaaiiiirs."
"I always think of Zim when I see this gif."
"Not the Bees!"
"Well fuck me sideways!?!?....."
"Happy 54th birthday to this badass."
"rats dat you rant"
"Fingers crossed for this album"
"How a group of guys react when they see a hot girl at my college (to clarify there's a 4 to 1 guy to girl ratio)"
"Found this while looking for gifs."
"This is England"
"The Metal Butterfly"
"Have A Seat"
"&quot;Couldn't load plug-in.&quot;"
"Someday.."
"As a team  we will prevail! [Repost from r/adviceanimals]"
"someday..."
"Am I the only one who think these twos bromance is better than Turk and JD?"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"When I'm told I need to stay late on a Friday.."
"Pug dog goes apeshit"
"Pug dog goes apeshit"
"How I Imagine My Dog After He Goes To His Cage For Pooping On The Floor"
"Kungfu Frog"
"reddit in a nutshell"
"The Hero Gotham Needs Right Now  Not The One It Deserves"
"How I feel being on the West Coast seeing all these posts about Hurricane Sandy."
"Soon (bj edition)"
"Well  Hello There. Im A Virgo."
"Peekaboo!"
"Too Much Junk in the Trunk?"
"My girlfriends dog is allergic to grass… these are her special socks"
"The grumpiest of all the cats!!"
"Hitler &amp; Sons"
"Vintage photo*dong*"
"Spiritual mouse"
"Why not s change of music? ft. Lionel Richie"
"You're forgiven."
"If only they had invented Google earlier...."
"Classic"
"Yeah  sure  happy as a clam"
"Pure gold"
"Pusheen gangnam style"
"Overly Manly Man on Ron Swanson's wall."
"Interesting! (X-Post from r/pics)"
"What'cha making for dinn-HOLY FUCK!"
"Master of Kitties"
"How I feel when I'm not in the mood  but my boyfriend wants to do stuff anyways."
"I'm thinking about buying this  any thoughts?"
"The only thing EA did right."
"nope"
"I heard you ca..... Wtf"
"The Majestic Wonder..."
"Looks Like The Little Guy is Having Trouble..."
"After a weekend of doing nothing"
"Can't Stop The Swag"
"My brother telling me Canada is a state."
"Seen on my facebook status"
"Your move  Sure_Ill_Draw_That."
"Was watching the Reddiquette song and realized how awesome this gif is"
"Check out this amazing optical illusion"
"How it feels to give upvotes to everyone posting in one of my submissions"
"Circle of Life"
"Where's your god now?"
"Hey! I love Obama too!"
"I would like to present my client's internet search history from that evening."
"Why I would never last in court."
"Scared of heights?"
"Whack-A-Kitty"
"Everytime I post a comment disagreeing with a popular opinion."
"Breaking Bad"
"r/aww needs more frolicking baby elephants"
"By gosh  this may just work!!"
"Iron-Batman (900x600)"
"I know its just nature  but...."
"Why do people do this shit? seriously  WTF?"
"&quot;As I drive through the valley of death&quot;...."
"Only In Australia"
"Oh  Japan... You're so weird."
"Tablecloth Trick"
"The mouse taking the photo is a little worried right now."
"Spine Level - Invertebrate"
"Big Duck - once a year visitor to Brisbane"
"A dog's revenge..."
"Dumbass"
"Mitzvah Rock Anthem"
"Me.....then my goals"
"When you've beaten a game multiple times but it won't let you skip cut scenes..."
"Seeing 10 minute videos on the front page."
"Whenever I hear someone say that we should be getting 8 hours of sleep each night..."
"What I think seeing all these elaborate and creative Halloween costumes"
"When I'm asked to read the Terms and Conditions..."
"When I'm paying for something at a store and my mom or dad is with me and they suggest I pay with the exact amount of the total rather than just getting back change."
"How we all dont want to be treated on cakeday"
"The Aisle Shitter [gif]"
"I see your hermit crab in a glass shell and I raise you a hermit crab in a teapot."
"Pole Fighting"
"A man walks into a bar..."
"Our love is forever"
"I hear the view is great"
"WTF worthy."
