"How I Reddit when drinking bourbon whiskey. Sorry everyone. (gif.)"
"I know this is an overused song  but I couldn't help but hear this song play through my head when I saw this gif"
"The look on her face was the winner for me"
"nerd stereotype overload"
"J. Jonah Jameson's favorite brand of rice"
"Fire Breath"
"Fire Breathing Act (x-post from /r/woahdude)"
"Please Help! Broke Need Glasses But Have To Re-Home My Cat First."
"Close enough"
"What I wouldn't do to drink fire again.."
"Dialga used WOAAHHUUUHHH WOOOUAAAAHHH"
"The ultimate dive."
"Reddit I present to you the original overly attached boyfriend"
"Where OAG idea came from."
"I might have liked the movie if it was in this direction"
"Woopwoopwoopwoop"
"Someone is Going to Hell for this Joke"
"Deadpool knows how to work that pole."
"Whack your bag appropriately"
"Cute funny animal surrendering"
"Freeze!"
"Found this today at work..."
"I have no idea what i'm doing"
"Googled baby sloth. Was not disappointed"
"Education System"
"how i feel when i say something stupid on reddit"
"They grow up so fast"
"My high school English teacher's monkey tail beard."
"When I see someone repost inside the hour [FIXED]"
"How it feels reposting a .gif that gets reposted a lot."
"How it feels to defend Christianity in r/atheism..."
"Well my phone auto-corrects it so that must mean there's something wrong with it"
"I hate when my iPhone does this shut."
"meow"
"So my date ditched on me tonight."
"Kittens aren't the most graceful creatures"
"This kitten must have two left paws"
"World History with the Pope..."
"I'M AN OSTRICH MOTHERF***ERS"
"We got new elevators at work."
"How I feel as an X-Files nerd when Gillian Anderson makes the front page. (X-post from r/reactiongifs)"
"STAAAAAAAAHP!!"
"searched reddit for &quot;stahp&quot; this was the third result. Is she loving the cat... or literally going to eat it?"
"Vietnamese babies  deformed and stillborn after prenatal exposure to Agent Orange"
"My wife said this to me after our first day of no coffee."
"Its alright. God told him he could do it (xpost from r/pics)"
"Oh hey Christians! Who's going to burn in hell?"
"Gravity win."
"What a lovely war!"
"A chipper WWII veteran"
"A chipper WWII veteran"
"god left the oven on  he had to go check"
"Only Morgan Freeman."
"Hey  look what I can do!"
"I don't care what anyone says  this will always be my favorite picture on the internet"
"This guy..."
"I guess we're also skipping the parts about tattoos  polyester  and shellfish."
"Biggest boobs ever? You be the judge."
"Try not to stare  please."
"How Gabe Newell became even wiser... He decided to grow a beard."
"an arm and a leg"
"God Damn It!"
"Saw this on my newsfeed..."
"What I think about the Hostess Twinkie posts"
"I think I found my next bed"
"Ahah! I caught you in t..... Uh...you can have it"
"how i feel about reaching 100 link karma"
"Need a doctor? Why not..."
"My horse is amazing"
"He didn't choose the thug life."
"Our Future (gif)"
"Why Choose The Lesser Evil?"
"Sleepy dog"
"Happy No-Duckface Age"
"My brain hurts. (x-post from r/trees)"
"Picture of Cat"
"Saw this on /r/WTF.....WTF is right"
"Ain't no one."
"I believe this belongs here"
"ME. BACON."
"I Always Get Dust In My Eye After Looking At This Macro"
"The future"
"My attempt to get my fat cat to move"
"this iz yummy watermelon"
"Wow McDonalds wtf"
"I don't known what's with my obsession with hank lately..."
"Looks perfectly ngrmad to me"
"Go home ram  you're drunk."
"Sitting on top of the world is your oyster"
"Om nom nom nom"
"Taser or Bath Salts?"
"Wanna know how I got these scars?"
"The Orange M&amp;M is the Benedict Arnold of the candy world."
"How I feel when I post original content"
"What's he saying"
"Love  Carl"
"My favorite image on the entire internet"
"What Iron Man Does In His Off Time"
"White people."
"Why am I laughing so hard?"
"Everytime I read the comments on R/Imgoingtohellforthis"
"Radical Islam"
"when my dad and boyfriend have lunch to discuss our relationship"
"Every God Damn Time!"
"I catched this in r/conspiracy...boy  those guys make me laugh!"
"Sharing a car with Godwin"
"This makes me sad"
"How to make a baby"
"How I feel after we turn back the clocks"
"So true"
"Now that I think about it... This is true!"
"Give this guy a ribbon"
"SpongeCrop"
"Of Course!"
"We must adorn our new king with presents"
"Whenever I am asked about Eve and what kind of people play it  I always start explaining with this image."
"At least  we won't see their face - Privacy preserved"
"What I posted was funny  screw you and leave me alone  I don't care about your downvotes."
"onions."
"Found this Gem in the local paper. Fucking small town Ohio."
"Jokes about Uranus commencing..."
"This guy after this is single or not?"
"And Yet Nice Guys Finish Last..."
"Thats one way to ride bart.."
"Taxi driver or..."
"Searched reddit in a nutshell... Was not disappointed"
"Life is repetitive"
"What  you expect every lynx to be photogenic?"
"Just did my laundry... Mixed some whites in with the colors."
"Mysterious eye found on the beach"
"Oh yeah? Then fuck your sushi!"
"[Spoiler] No we can't say &quot;fuck&quot; on TV! Just think of the children!"
"Troll Level: Chatroulette"
"How I feel on Omegle..."
"Bacon Narwal"
"When ever I get a chance outdoors."
"If it hadn't been of cotton eye joe."
"Now that my friends are starting to have kids... (repost from /r/funny)"
"Troll Dad!"
"Magic trick"
"Browsing /r/aww while stoned"
"Adding Color To The Most Iconic Photos In History"
"When you post something  go out  and come back to realize you are on the front page."
"I logged in and heard of Obama AMA's a few weeks ago."
"Me in cat form"
"So I went to Reddit today...."
"It's just a repost!"
"My new favourite gif."
"Thought this 'Google your username would be pretty straightforward/boring for mine. I was not disappointed  however."
"SHOW ME YOUR VAGINA!"
"How I feel when everyone downvotes my posts"
"learned nothing  you have young padawan"
"Re-Envisioned Cereal Box Characters (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Found this picture of the Presidential Debate Moderator"
"How I imagine the moderator for the Presidential Debate"
"Jim Lehrer moderates the debates."
"What the Presidential Debate Moderator  Jim Lehrer  looked like tonight."
"The moderator from tonight's debate"
"How I view the moderator from the first presidential debate"
"This is who the moderator of the Presidential Debate reminded me of.."
"Yes  I agree"
"Yes...Yes they should"
"WOOOOO I &lt;3 THE INTERNET"
"Don't leave"
"Somebody got their head stuck in a bin in Aberdeen earlier today ... (x-post from r/unitedkingdom)"
"Me whever the dominos pizza tracker goes up a level"
"How real men lift weights"
"/r/gonewild in a gif form."
"I cannot accurately describe this..."
"I cannot accurately describe this..."
"This showed up in a google search for Anne Hathaway..."
"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!"
"The correct way to use a urinal."
"What working at taco bell at minimum wage does to me."
"Frontpage brought me here and this pretty sums up how I feel about this place"
"Wat?"
"Mfw my girlfriend is telling me this horrible heartbreaking story about her life and I'm browsing Reddit"
"he just kept digging himself a deeper grave."
"I was at McDonalds and this kid dropped his chocolate milk  began to cry  and his dad got up  said “this some instagram shit” and started taking pictures."
"I was at McDonalds and this kid dropped his chocolate milk  began to cry  and his dad got up  said “this some instagram shit” and started taking pictures."
"An analogy regarding how my dates go can be made here..."
"My favorite gif. Use responsibly"
"Halloween Want!"
"I'm red  just like all the other stop signs. (x-post r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Whenever I delete a failed post"
"Most of Assassin's Creed (Sorry if repost)"
"RAWR!!! (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"I need water!"
"Sandy  I need water"
"All power to forward shields. Prepare to fire all weapons!"
"How I felt in every single work interview"
"Just another day sticking it to the man"
"Coolest cat ever  in my opinion..."
"I like your chin strap....wait wtf?"
"Bad Luck Brian now Good Luck Brian"
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOGIRL"
"Tickle attack!"
"So this exists...."
"super easy owl drawing tutorial!"
"This is what snake venom does to blood."
"|o|"
"Real-life Scooby Doo! (is that Shaggy in the background?)"
"Kelly Slater’s training"
"I can't help but feel this way right now"
"Fuck you I'm drunk!"
"Nice try  sleeping beauty."
"A slightly different take on the Dredd gif"
"My brother when he woke up after a night of drinking."
"Follow your DREAMS"
"Hey do you like my new swimsuiGLFLGRFLGJFGJNU"
"When I see a link with no votes..."
"I've lost a few pounds lately"
"Spiderman is always with you"
"how I imagine the people posting all of this &quot;like if&quot; nonsense on facebook"
"As a Redditor over 30 this is how I feel when I read &quot;advice&quot; given by most Redditors"
"Scorpionfly"
"Schlong Army"
"this is what will happen if octomom does another porno"
"So I googled that Deepstaria Enigmatica that's been roaming the front page... One of the results felt aww worthy."
"I have no words for this  who does this?"
"This picture was just on my news feed."
"So much awesome"
"Police Notes"
"Lift Yr. Skinny Paws Like Antennas to Heaven!"
"I think you have the remote... (X-post from r/creepy)"
"Fucking bathtub  pranking people again."
"YOU HAD ONE JOB."
"how I picture the reaction of the Reddit community when coming across my posts"
"The Ultimate utensil."
"Hello There Child  Come Closer"
"As an Australian  my reaction when I see a 'upside down' post"
"Me on the day i get paid out"
"Sponge Bob has really let himself go..."
"Welcome to Reddit"
"Old but Gold!"
"....Maybe?"
"I call BS"
"I call BS"
"I call BS"
"Netflix just added this show  time to reminisce about my early years. Has some fun jokes I know I missed as a young lad."
"One happy stoat"
"That feel when I get back home and get on reddit"
"rap cat!"
"Brendon tells the truth  but gives zero fucks"
"Umm....take a picture it'll last longer [1024x683]"
"When someone tries to spoil a movie or TV show I've been wanting to see..."
"Babe!"
"Fun with photoshop"
"Every time I post something on reddit"
"Look at this dog"
"I'll smack the bl*ck outta you."
"This one is for the gamers..."
"When your boss gives you one last task just as your leaving work"
"Literally?"
"Reddit's reaction to the Mars landing."
"Like nutella much?"
"Hey  I found a picture of your mom's vagina. [SFW]"
"Didn't quite turn out as planned (FAIL)"
"Fuck you lady  fuck you."
"This is what a 60 foot snowfall clearing looks like"
"What is this sorcery?!"
"Felix Baumgartner on Bieber."
"i told you not to light your farts in the car after taco bell!!!"
"A difference in life."
"I see your swag  and raise you memes"
"Don't Speak"
"Kerning."
"Example #1 of why proper kerning is important."
"Holy fishing"
"Moses"
"Moses was a jerk"
"Haters gonna hate"
"THERE'S NO CANDY IN HERE!!!!"
"Why  Watermelon  Why?!"
"old man knows how to party!"
"How i felt when i got a new suit"
"Vandalism in Canada"
"Come on down!"
"Probably the best game ever!"
"Giant Gollum Sculpture Wellington International Airport New Zealand"
"Lol."
"I need this advanced technology on my keyboard right now"
"What a drop of water looks like in front of a map"
"Came home from work and my wife handed me this sheet that my sons daycare sent home   he is 4yrs old"
"Pic of a spider on a dvd."
"funnel cloud touching down in Orchard  Iowa  on June 10  2008. Lori Mehmen took the photo from outside her front door before seeking shelter."
"Summary of my first year on reddit"
"TREE MAN!"
"Jesus Dives"
"Poor Jesus"
"Every single day of mine is like.."
"Today is the first day of my summer time off.I've made a thorough schedule for every single day..."
"This is my first world problem today."
"Don't get between a hungry frog and his prey"
"I was watching a movie in bed  got up for a drink and came back to find this..."
"How I imagine someone acts when they make the front page"
"The Other Centaur"
"When I'm down  I turn to this..."
"Posting anything other than cats in r/aww."
"Always be optimistic. Like this goose."
"The Most-Viewed Photo of All Time"
"When I forget to bring a book into the bathroom and decide to read shampoo bottles"
"How I imagine the people on this subreddit"
"This little puppy is enjoying his parade!"
"Oh Garrus"
"Every Halloween."
"The one time he needed it most..."
"The one time he needed it..."
"Oh  That's Nice."
"Math class"
"Not So Safety Dance"
"Aroused"
"Take a close look  I see what you did there."
"Now that's what I call art"
"Never gets old"
"Wrestling fan jizzed"
"transformers?"
"How to invalidate someone's argument"
"Happens far too often to not be intentional."
"Plants vs Walkers"
"Whenever I hear my college friends/classmates talk about how drunk they were at a party."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"When my wife takes out her dentures..."
"Which one do you choose ?"
"Time for sleep."
"The Pet Rock version 2.0"
"So I saw this thing on Facebook."
"Staying up all night and finally finishing an essay"
"This is how makeup should be worn."
"Oh  childhood..."
"Concerned cat is concerned."
"My soul"
"Thank you Facebook."
"gaaaaaaay!"
"Facebook friends with most of my exes  seeing their statuses day to day makes me feel like this."
"How I feel as a 24 year old finding out that every girl I've ever dated has kids now"
"Space Shuttle Endeavour piggybacked over Austin  TX. (xpost r/space)"
"...Spongebob?!"
"So...Zombieland was wrong."
"My friends Staff packing two puppies"
"Fail... oh wait he's up.. and fail."
"dat ass!"
"Gangnam Style!"
"Who said they were supposed to be enemies?"
"Dat."
"Twilight's like soccer"
"This just popped up on my Facebook..."
"Bitch Please"
"Bitch please."
"Mike Tyson Knows Love When He Sees It"
"So I just bought Football Manager 2012 from Steam with no knowledge about soccer."
"You know you did."
"what if i told you..."
"&quot;I'll take THIS llama!&quot; (source please?)"
"I'm not an outdoors person and I successfully made a fire today. Feels good"
"'Fly you fools!'"
"Am I a terrible person for laughing at this?"
"I'm guessing there were a few injuries from this."
"The Simpsons  always on the hot topic."
"In Charleston SC  these guys were kayaking down the market because of the intense flooding! Pretty neat  extra moist."
"If Joe Biden and Paul Ryan switched hair"
"Lobsters dueling with butter knives."
"Best I could do."
"OF ALL TIME"
"My response to any vegetarian post on Facebook"
"Hide and Sick"
"Just a winking kitty"
"Every time I look at a comment page full of conservative fundies"
"Like a motherf****** BOSS."
"I don't care how many times i've seen it  this is the funniest .gif on the internet."
"If Tom Brady worked in the food industry."
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Kanye Moodswing"
"When you get an upvote to start a post and then get drowned in downvotes"
"In my country.."
"After a long day of work..."
"When you're waiting for the coffee to kick in  first thing at work... [repost  couldnt find one better]"
"***Spoilers*** I loved The Dark Knight Rises  but did the final action scene remind anyone else of this?"
"found this on Facebook lol"
"I need one of these things... also a 2nd player"
"I don't do drugs…"
"SHUT THE FUCK UP!!"
"This is why I hate Facebook"
"This shit..."
"Seen on Facebook. Are you shitting me?"
"So my friend found this in his salad at Morrisons...."
"Egg Inception"
"I would really like to know who gave them funding for this"
"Ms. Marvel"
"I've seen this so many times  and I've always seen it turn anti-clockwise  but then I found the second gif..."
"How i felt as a Brit during Reddit downtime"
"Damn hipsters"
"Wait a minute... this isn't tennis!"
"Epic Boogie-Board"
"saw this on facebook  and yes  I thought it was funny"
"pretty cool pic"
"Yes  we have squirrels in Canada."
"What did I just learn..."
"this is the best birthday. ever."
"When I found out the manager that treated me unfairly got fired."
"Prone in modern shooters"
"woolworths' facebook"
"Good Old Woolworths"
"The parallel that turned me away from Christianity"
"My first thought when I found out my friend had crabs"
"Tired of upvoting Anniversary Xbox?"
"That scared me way more than it should have."
"Creepy. X-post from woahdude"
"I think this collar makes me look fat."
"Booth. John Booth."
"Came across this on IWIDK. Somebody didn't think this through."
"Similarities between a Muppet and an Angry Birds"
"When the cops show up:"
"Messing with your sensory adaptation..."
"A friend just posted this on fb. I don't even..."
"MothaF**ka!"
"Flynt Flossy knows how to dance"
"My response to social invites that do not include playing Diablo"
"I have no idea what glow stone is  but it makes for a magical driveway."
"These games don't get nearly enough love . They deserve better."
"That's some great translating  Bing."
"Rubi-vision."
"Tell them about that one time I fought the dragon!"
"How the band &quot;Mumford &amp; Sons&quot; must feel right about now"
"Oh bother"
"I love how his ears go back!"
"Kids always hilarious...:D"
"This describes my first time drinking alcohol perfectly as a teenager"
"Curiosity killed the cat"
"Why does this even exist?"
"Problem?"
"My brother made some hilarious Arrested Development crossover memes. U mad  hermano?"
"Vietnam's Infinite Cave"
"I could do this all day"
"Should we tell her?"
"Japanese Deer"
"I just found this. I have no words."
"Master Chief Gangnam Style"
"24 today. This pretty much sums it up"
"I just want to see cake."
"What getting downvoted with +10 000 karma feels like"
"Spongebob."
"Walken in a winter wonderland"
"Gif of a hrs (credit inside)"
"A new look for the candidates"
"Presidential hair swap"
"Presidential Hair Swap"
"why?"
"I like this version better."
"So I heard reddit was running a little low on the OC"
"2 for flinching."
"Laptop Smack."
"searched random shit. Was not dissapointed"
"Bismuth crystal"
"&quot;Please enter your date of birth&quot;"
"He fell almost as fast as MSNBC's credibility!"
"It's too late..."
"We had a good run"
"All I could think of after seeing the elephantitis of the balls pic..."
"Why Tigger? WHYYY?"
"Fucking wings!"
"You had no childhood..."
"Whenever I see someone who has &quot;swag"
"Epic Face Swap."
"Got two two cookies  they tricked me into taking an oatmeal raisin. What kind of monster does this?!"
"How I think some people must use their computers..."
"And it was at that sticky  low calorie moment that my parents choose to pull into the driveway"
"Don't know if rt but I still think its hilarious."
"MFW I realize I'm whipped cream (x-post /r/fifthworldpics"
"Oh you..."
"Proper computer etiquette"
"Worst case of chicken-eye-tis that I've ever seen."
"I miss you friends"
"The rebirth of an old classic"
"r/spacedicks in a nutshell"
"spare time"
"Russell tells it like it is..."
"He knows what's Up!"
"Triple Sunset on Tatooine"
"Brace yourselves..."
"I'm currently on the bus  sitting next to a man in a cape with baby bottles taped to him. (x/post r/toronto)"
"I'm currently on the bus  sitting next to a man in a cape with baby bottles taped to him. (x/post from r/toronto)"
"Trying to fix a mistaken up/down vote on a touchscreen."
"Most of my friends didn't get this. Most of my friends are also stupid."
"she'll be plenty mad when she realizes that you took one of her shoe (xpost r/funny)"
"That's one tall  strong baby!"
"C-17 Flare Discharge"
"George is watching..."
"Abandoned Mill built in 1866  Sorrento  Italy"
"Timing is everything."
"DO NOT WANT!"
"it's not very effective"
"Reddit  I give to you my daily input of WTF"
"Mfw I fart."
"I had the same idea"
"Before the lock was invented."
"How company logos looked in the past vs today"
"HIFW Ive been up for 48 hours and I still have a whole day left to go"
"Dawn of the Final Day"
"Reporting for duty"
"Dawn of the final day - Zelda"
"Evil Seagulls"
"Halloween at Silent Hill High School"
"Can't tell if she's being disgustingly offensive or just plain braindead."
"Goodness Gracious Great Balls of Fire!"
"Gallium - It has a melting temperature of about 85 degrees Fahrenheit  which is basically room temperature. If you hold this metal it will begin to melt in your hand."
"It makes sense."
"Why do we name the plants if..."
"Boop his head dog. Do it!"
"Fuck Yea."
"knock knock....."
"'Merica"
"My first thought meeting a business major"
"Look at you! Have you been following me this whole time?"
"This is how I feel posting on my first reddit birthday"
"My favorite animal gif! Feel free to post yours"
"This is what students at my workplace will see if they try and play Draw Something using our Internet connection"
"Everytime I click a NSFL link."
"Oh no you didn't"
"Found this while searching Google for a Atheist tattoo. Can't tell if it's a joke or not"
"Its like i'm seeing double!"
"Feet. Don't fail me now."
"Dee Reynolds. Runway Model."
"Bits n stuff"
"Everlasting Alcohol!"
"Yawn"
"Not everyone can hang"
"Gorgeous Kochia Hill in Hitachinaka City  Japan"
"Porn v. Disney"
"Disney vs porn"
"Oh Charlie!"
"Human Flamingo"
"i saw your handpainting so i present to you what i found in my newsfeed"
"One does not simply walk into Chile."
"This makes sandstorms look like fun [xpost from /r/wtf]"
"You know you are a STALKER player when you hear the fated words..."
"Swimmer gets stuck by his own balls."
"So my friend got his acceptance letter today...not what he expected. [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Got 99 problems reddit? Let me make that 98."
"Childhood memories ruined."
"This man has a nuclear arsenal..."
"I always wondered how they decide who has to be the butt"
"Everyday im shufflin'"
"The HardHouse Zebra"
"QWOP'ing Dragon! (xpost from r/skyrim)"
"Grass is greener on the other side?"
"Don't worry  I got this."
"Heyyyy Sexy Latte!"
"That doesn't make it okay..."
"and so  a villain was born"
"God  the failed scientist!"
"7 Hours in one image"
"7 hours in 1 image"
"The Circle of Life"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Welcome to Munich. This is Oktoberfest"
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"Teacher here: Every time a student tells me they don't need my help"
"Since I was a kid  this guy has always been one of my top 10 role models."
"White People [Fixed]"
"What aliens have learned because of X-box live. [X-post from /r/funny]"
"So true."
"Angel cloud"
"Angels everywhere"
"Come on Facebook..."
"How I feel after looking at /r/truechristian"
"The most accurate forecast for hurricane Sandy [FIXED]"
"A Decade of Pixar Easter Eggs!"
"I See Your Swedish School Lunch  But Here's My &quot;Healthy&quot; American Lunch."
"This audio is all I could think about"
"Mhmm..."
"Glad that they adressed the people who believe this works."
"crazy science"
"I fostered several karma machines. Here's one of them terrorizing a dollhouse."
"You know  I agree. Magnets  and swimming with sharks. [FIXED]"
"Loungin'"
"Photobomb level 99"
"Ewwwwwwwww!"
"&quot;I'll just have the soup&quot;"
"Best one I've seen"
"How I act most of the time"
"Pinky..."
"Reddit in one image"
"First attempt at gifsound  made me laugh"
"One thing I don't get about most &quot;trolls&quot;"
"The night Van Gogh painted Starry Night."
"Smarmy bastard"
"Sardines."
"Marvelous Dancing"
"Water."
"When people say they love Lady Gaga  I respond..."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE !!!!"
"Ladies..."
"TF2 is having too many issues. Take it away  Alan Rickman."
"What happened here?"
"Just going for a ride on the subway"
"Facebook Swag"
"Death to all...what?"
"When I see someone make it to the front page with a repost"
"For my cakeday  this guy. He sat like this the entire class period."
"The true plot behind Slender"
"Foreshadowing."
"This is the Most Zoomed-In Photograph Ever Created by Mankind. It took 10 years to complete"
"The main reason I wanted my mom to buy Captain Crunch as a child."
"&quot;Lame Full Circle pun&quot;"
"saw this on the facespace"
"How Pitbull (rapper) came to be."
"funny boring"
"Fuck."
"Even if you know how get your significant other turned on  there are times when.."
"The distribution of power"
"When it comes to he power of Grayskull  He-Man has a direct monopoly on it."
"Even signs can be jerks"
"While I'm at boating school"
"This is how i see UpVoting in the &quot;New&quot; section"
"Meow mixed eggs"
"How to NOT protest. (fixed)"
"I guess he can walk on pee to..?"
"Reddit on repost"
"Funny Pictures...comm gallery"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"Quick sketch I made for OC week (OC)"
"Big Mistake Stephen..."
"I don't even... No  this isn't in any way okay  ever."
"I don't know what's going on in this. But it made me smile."
"Not even those legs can break this monk's meditation"
"Our Father Lord Vader"
"Poor Kyle [FB]"
"Christmas is coming"
"Hillbilly"
"NOPE times a million"
"This is how you do it in Russia"
"Emma Stone"
"Chinese Breaking Bad."
"Not a bad idea..."
"Well YOLO!"
"Laziness at its finest."
"For my cakeday  pure laziness"
"I sell Krabby Patties and Krabby Patty accessories."
"Well  Fuck"
"The corgi garden was a success."
"I'm incapable of not bursting out laughing everytime I look at this."
"Doesn't look half bad"
"Passive-aggressive little shit  isn't he?"
"The Last Disco"
"When I need to decide between reddit  netflix and video games"
"Oh Alice!"
"this just ended my childhood"
"I fucking love cocaine!"
"I'm a daddy!!"
"Cat-tain Falcon (start both at same time) - [0:36]"
"God Mode Enabled"
"After watching the presidential debates  I think I've cracked Romney's economic plan. It's all the magic underpants."
"How Americans Actually View Sweden (Fixed)(Fixed)"
"A Gorillion Dollars"
"All Hail Megatron..."
"I vote Megatron."
"So I was pissed of at my neighbors because there always nagging me to vote...so this was my response."
"That did not go as planned."
"The r/wtf version of &quot;They see me rollin'...&quot;"
"Do a barrel Roll!"
"Looks like Bane has met his match."
"'Sup Bro"
"Nature! YEAH!"
"How I feel as a military man who gets up at 5 AM to work every morning about these early morning posts."
"Whenever work asks me to come in on my day off"
"When you don't ship to Australia"
"Oh Disney"
"A background image worthy of reddit."
"Well  my cat does this when you drug her on catnip."
"How i feel after a weekend of being on Reddit..."
"Allan gets around!"
"I'd say this just about sums up every COD game"
"This picture has been sent to a lot of my friends in the past few days."
"I did not realise how big Curiosity is."
"A Master of His Craft"
"The more you mashup."
"This is why I love Imgur random"
"Hank  what is a cocaine accessory?"
"Just Nicolas Cage doing his thing again"
"I hear you fancy trucks."
"Lizard Plays Smartphone Game"
"When I receive 10+ upvotes [Fixed]"
"Nigerian Scam 1.0"
"Proud to be Irish"
"Hey Carl!"
"Sonofabitch Carl"
"The Dali Lama displaying his true power."
"So these guys left their actual phone number on a piece of right-wing gun nut propaganda......"
"How I expect &quot;No Fap September&quot; to end."
"I'm scared"
"Ending of The Dark Knight Rises"
"Friday coming home.[Fixed][Fixed]"
"Friend found this on her car."
"True friendship"
"The photobomb she'll never forget."
"Everyone knows this feeling..."
"And that's why I'm the perfect lover.."
"Rap music these days"
"My buddy saw this awesome group of costumes in town and I had to share it with the world of reddit"
"Googled &quot;best picture on the internet&quot; and this is what i got"
"Don't remember what I was looking for but found this"
"Mandarin Fish (Synchiropus splendidus)"
"My dog if I accidentally say the word treat in front of him"
"Out of prison (x-post AdviceAnimals)"
"Mom was worried about my new girlfriend. I sent her this pic."
"Winnie the Pooh and Bacon"
"[NSFW] The day I learned what flax seed does"
"Can you do that as well? Gotta have a smooth face."
"I see what you did there"
"It's probably a repost  but it's still adorable."
"Sure fire way to get that V-card."
"Come here  I want to tell you something."
"trust me  that's what he said."
"Well  it is Bash Atheism Day."
"How I feel during a religion class at a Catholic school"
"Technically correct: the best kind of correct."
"For my cakeday  i give you my favorite Redditgif."
"googled &quot;cake day karma&quot; and got this"
"Errmahgerd"
"Is it just me or does it Sound a lot like taken...."
"asdasd"
"Nothing screams 'MURICA more than Honest Abe riding a grizzly bear."
"Just realized that I missed my &quot;cakeday&quot;"
"Christmas in July! ...or not"
"Rouldof the red nosed....."
"r/WTF going HAM? At first I was like...then I was like..."
"Alabamas quarterback and girlfriend  Manti Te'o and girlfriend"
"Looks like I won't be going to school for a while! Stuyvesant High School  Lower Manhattan"
"I'm sure glad I don't have OCD."
"Took a ride on chairlift - Imgur"
"This Hitler just popped up on my newsfeed"
"weirdest picture I've found on the internet"
"Yes  free tacos! Wait...damnit!!!"
"I searched moth penis  this came up..."
"True story..."
"after working all day today"
"When a website tells me I'm already a registered member [fixed]"
"well that's always a good replacement for a front seat."
"You KNOW i'm sexy"
"banksy"
"Married on halloween. Nailed it"
"Coolest Parents Ever."
"Dafuq?"
"Every time my girlfriend mentions marching band I picture this"
"I'll take the elevator instead..."
"Just your standard music festival roster."
"How I feel when someones views are different from mine on the internet."
"If the stork brings them I guess that means... Abortion raven."
"Party Hard"
"Three  two  one  PULL!"
"So I googled &quot;how to get updates on reddit&quot; I wasn't disappointed..."
"fighting turns to joy"
"The real CatDog"
"CatDog  now a reality"
"All Dogs Go To Heaven"
"My favorite 'zero fucks given'"
"After doing a good deed that nobody saw you do  this is how you feel when back in the middle of everyday life."
"No  Consuela. No!"
"Close up shop guys. Atheism has been disproved  be science!"
"Did you see that kitty?"
"When I found this subreddit"
"Ainsley"
"AINSLEY."
"Na-na-na-na BAT 'STACHE"
"Ahhhh..... Yes  That's The Spot"
"In case you had missed this X factor episode"
"Drunk guy almost hit by truck"
"One of Us!!!"
"Public Toilet - You Can See Them But They Can't See You"
"Would you use it?"
"Oh Stop It You"
"REALLY?! All for me??"
"Centipedes in my what...."
"what? no way!"
"Upon hearing my younger brother hit it off with a cute redditor at a pub"
"Fairly new to reddit  and got a comment on one of my posts for the first time..."
"White people"
"Who the hell designed this ride?"
"Happiest dog ever"
"Happiest Dog Ever"
"Panda with a beak"
"Benjamin Button made by Pixar"
"Spongebob is Assertive"
"Tis the season for my girlfriends puppy...."
"Doin' shit you ain't supposed to"
"Tea's done. Time for action."
"What I imagine making it to the front page feels like."
"Google Maps (X-post from /r/gifs)"
"McDonald's on shore drive in Virginia Beach during Sandy."
"Don't pick up white powder bags at nightclubs"
"How I imagine my first major interview will go"
"I'll eat it if you aren't going to."
"Very scary gif I picked up at /x/ a while back"
"My face when I walked in a strip strip club for the first time"
"How I feel getting my first 100+ comment karma"
"Obama knows how to throw down"
"It's going to be really hot on Tuesday."
"Redditor photoshops owl eyes into coffee foam for no reason-- except karma  of course."
"classic kelso"
"My personal favourite face swap I've seen lately"
"Saw this on twitter made me giggle."
"A fellow passenger."
"Freaky Dog Man"
"Maybe parkour just isn't your thing..."
"what the fuck is he thinking"
"Does anyone in r/gaming remember this game?"
"Was I the only person terrified by this thing when I was a kid? (x-post from r/movies)"
"Creationism-because science doesn't make sense."
"You Spin Me Right Round"
"Stumbled on r/spiders while clicking random"
"Whenever I enter a thread that consists of long posts with users quoting each other's arguments"
"Viewing /r/spacedicks"
"My reaction when I go into the bathroom at work ready to take a big dump only to see someone else already occupying one of the stalls."
"When I click on a League of Legends thread"
"Awkward..."
"Oppa Romney style [fixed]"
"OPPA ROMNEY STYLE!"
"I see your perfect fish teeth and raise you......well.......this!"
"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!"
"Gay test"
"I freakin' love perfect looping gifs!!"
"In an accounting class  how I felt when 2 people wouldn't stop asking questions every 2 minutes."
"For all you Americans voting tomorrow  there's only one right choice..."
"Look who I ran into in Vegas!"
"really now?"
"SURPRISE!"
"How I feel when a 260lbs/120kg friend of mine always chest bumps me when he's drunk"
"American history X - The game"
"Batman riding an elephant... your argument is invalid."
"Can't say I'm surprised."
"What does the internet think of..."
"'What does the internet think?' never fails to disappoint."
"What a cute Hello Kit...WHAT?"
"Meanwhile in India...."
"Pokemon..seems legit. Repost from /r/gaming"
"Well this is terrifying."
"He shoots  AND HE SCORES!"
"What I want to do whenever my girlfriend talks about horoscopes."
"Teamwork!"
"The Youtube comments of a Portal video hold a nice surprise."
"my boyfriends automatic laugh button"
"Pigeon’s Frustration"
"pigeon in training."
"Lightbulb Intervention"
"When old men try to act cool...."
"Girl on the right don't give a fuck."
"Jeremy Renner = grumpy cat!!! You will never watch Avengers or the new Bourne the same again..."
"Attempting to bloodboil my fast AD carry."
"This photo is real  but I dont know what city it is !"
"Redneck high dive"
"My Father Would Decimate Your Father..."
"Meanwhile in Texas..."
"Monsieur Mittens (X-post from /r/Aww)"
"Look what I found in the garbage..."
"Bertrand Russell 2012"
"Anyone here?"
"Oh what? It's my cakeday?"
"50 shades of gay"
"50 shades of..."
"5 out of 5 doctors agree."
"When you tell a friend a joke and he repeats the same joke to your group of friends who all laugh at it"
"I was looking up &quot;cute rat&quot; on Google and found this adorable picture."
"James May is an expert in the field of firearms..."
"QUICK! Power on the Karma turbine!"
"...I don't know how to react to this."
"For my cakeday  the post that got me into reddit."
"Oh Bane!"
"Bubbles knows best."
"we've all had a friend like this."
"Yeah  sounds about right"
"I've been driving all night  my hands wet on the wheel"
"The most charisma I've ever seen in one place [FIXED]"
"And then I told Christian &quot;You'll win an Oscar for Batman&quot;."
"Myspace angle..."
"My grandma sent this in an email to me saying &quot;Happy Fall!&quot;"
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"Found this on craigslist... wtf"
"Happy Owl."
"Death before..."
"Death before..."
"Oh jeffy"
"We bad? We bad."
"We bad? We bad."
"Hee haw"
"Aww poor girl..."
"Look what I made!"
"If we go slow  we will catch the red dot"
"Rabbiwt's Fwiend"
"Didn't even realize that and I've seen that movie so many times"
"Captain Optimism"
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
"When you see it..."
"Chinese army training with live grenade"
"Good Guy Tallahassee!!!"
"Hitchens nails it  as usual."
"But how else can you show love?"
"This isn't mine but he's so cut i just had to share him!"
"Takes longer since I'm a boy?"
"Exactly Same..."
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED][FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED][FIXED]"
"First time getting a professional massages."
"Imagine the discarded foreskin"
"Welcome back r/WTF [NSFW]"
"I hate this feeling"
"Like a Boss"
"go outside and play!"
"Googled 'Majestic Creature' and was not disappointed"
"Well then..."
"We have taken Waldo for granted."
"The difference ten years can make"
"So true. I am my own DJ."
"Call me a pseudo-penguin if you want to. Haters gonna hate anyway."
"One small step for man  one giant leap for Puffin kind!!"
"Pufffffffffinnnnssss!!"
"Oh Katy"
"When you get that one really good massage"
"Oh my god  that makes so much sense."
"&quot;Please give my compliments to the chef!&quot;"
"WWII vets on FPS's"
"Pretty much sums up /r/aww"
"I haz drapes"
"My real life Reddit friends when I tell them I got almost 800 upvotes on a post today"
"What it felt like immediately after leaving my new lady friends house after two days together."
"I don't think I'm thirsty anymore"
"I'd hit it"
"I Googled &quot;Nicolas Cage as:&quot; and got this I am equally terrified and satisfied."
"How I feel walking around my new job with a coffee cup."
"the resemblance is uncanny"
"F*ck Floodwater!"
"Whoever made this didn't think before they typed..."
"I Just Got My First &quot;Christmas Bonus&quot; ..."
"Why I don't watch soccer - Imgur"
"The other side of the argument"
"Large Video Game Worlds"
"video game maps compared"
"when my girlfriend tells me to clean my room"
"The central and peripheral nervous system of a human being. So  it turns out that deep down we're all just flying spaghetti monsters. [X-Post from r/pics]"
"All the What The Fuck You Will Ever Need  Now Conveniently in .gif Form!"
"Words of wisdom."
"Soiled it! (xpost from r/spongebob)"
"Piggy  wtf?"
"Chicago"
"I hate sleep"
"Jesus we can all believe in."
"Jesus at the last supper"
"Walter White: Magnetic Personality"
"The Dolemites in Italy [fixed]"
"Hurricane Sandy you guys. Seriously."
"Dis is mine  u understand?"
"I wish I knew these people."
"The thing I hate most"
"Living in a rural area  this is my nightmare. [FIXED]"
"Two Girls One Pup"
"Going through tinypic brings up some brilliant ideas."
"Y'know... just to make sure."
"Baby Otters So Cute...."
"Picture from 1986"
"Who Said Cats Dont Like Acid"
"Well that answers my question (X-post r/baseball)"
"'Right here? Yeah  right here'll do.'"
"Best license plate EVAR [FIXED]"
"I see your most American and most British pictures and raise you the most Australian picture ever:"
"Mind Blown"
"This should be cool... OH GOD KILL IT!"
"When I saw this I just KNEW I had to post this."
"I always wondered what Robert Downey Junior would be like as a cat.."
"Lets dance"
"Why does this exist? [x-post r/funny]"
"Say this on r/funny... I guess it also belongs here"
"Oh right...humans not food"
"STRAAAAAALIA! Bloody hell yeah!"
"when my boyfriend finally convinced me to try anal"
"NSFW Cow costume"
"NSFW. Somehow this showed up on my account. I really DONT know where it came from."
"You like cows?"
"Just hot"
"Hoho."
"Jim Lehrer = Gotye"
"You didn't have to cut me off."
"Poor Jim..."
"Gotye Moderator"
"True Story..."
"Tonight's debate in a nutshell."
"The true sad story about the debate."
"What Jim Lehrer was thinking the entire presidential debate...."
"This is how I feel after the presidential debate tonight"
"Poor guy"
"The only thing I took away from the Obama/Romney debate."
"Poor guy..."
"Jim Lehrer ft. Gotye"
"Poor Jim."
"What I need after venturing to /r/spacedicks"
"Clear Blue Sky"
"&quot;There's science in this shit&quot;- Bill Nye"
"KO cake"
"Oh it's your cakeday?"
"The heroes of my childhood just got a little more badass."
"Good Photography Timing  Bad Time for a Stroll."
"Hey /r/atheism  I made something for you. Hope you guys/gals like it."
"Get over it"
"First thing i thought of seeing this gif"
"Debated religion in school and clearly won"
"Best pumpkin ever!"
"We had fun on maternity last night"
"Mildly disturbing pumpkin carving"
"Best. Pumpkin. Ever."
"last picture we ever took of the dog"
"Time to wake up"
"SO  yeah  hum  I don't want to brush my teeth anymore  ever..."
"I laughed way too hard at this. She didn't really make an attempt."
"Must get fish!"
"There's no traffic police in Star Wars."
"Albino Turtle"
"He was in the wrong neighborhood"
"Alien taking a break (Xpost from r/Moviesinthemaking)"
"My reaction to the most recent Adam Sandler movies"
"What in the actual fuck is wrong with this?"
"Best Revenge Ever (not from my facebook)"
"Curiosity's self-portrait"
"I used to play this in the bathtub as a child."
"EPIC SONG FOR EPIC GIF OF EPICNESS"
"Pippin's Song"
"Harold Whittles hears for the first time ever after a doctor places an earpiece in his left ear."
"Forever alone?"
"Good old Rugrats"
"I hate doing this"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"Hey boy  looking for this..?"
"Greatest. Onion. Headline."
"Words cannot describe"
"My car was crushed by a falling tree. A couple of years later my daughter was given a book about extreme weather  in which she found a photo of my car."
"Facts"
"How to Break Up with Someone"
"Come on now  give it back."
"Alternative art. 134 images"
"Alternative art  not all video games  but most are. [x-post form r/pics (my post)]"
"Waking up on Saturday and realizing you don't have work [FIXED]"
"After deciding to not buy Shogun 2: Total war when the sale ended."
"After deciding to go on a date with someone i knew to be a racist homophobe..."
"My dog when I come home from work"
"we're visiting grandpa..."
"For my cakeday  I present my favorite aww gif."
"I'm not sure where it came from  but I just found this in the depths of the internet."
"Girl loses 120lbs and turns into Lara Croft"
"What must go through the other person's head every single time I get into an argument."
"Quite."
"Can I have a plate of chicken.... Wait what?"
"Nightmare at 20 000 Feet"
"Browsing /r/ladyboners"
"how i feel when my friends start discussing reality tv shows."
"The first man who traveled to outer space said this..."
"Searched &quot;Unexplainable&quot; on google.. Found this.."
"This is the answer to everything"
"Boondock Saints: And shepards we shall be!"
"So I went on r/spacedicks for the first time today..."
"You ever get curious?"
"Anyone know what these things are?"
"the biggest 3D street art... cool  isn't it?"
"Awwww... A dee-WHAT THE FUCK?"
"In case of a fire."
"Fighting With Your Boss"
"Martin Luther King Jr removing a burned cross from his front yard with his son at his side. Atlanta Ga 1960.[469x418]"
"What if skyrim was on the gameboy... (x-post from r/skyrim)"
"Together for life."
"NASA spots giant &quot;space eye&quot;"
"Oh shit  they saw me!"
"Master Troll is Joker Troll"
"That face speaks volumes"
"Someone's annoyed"
"Words of wisdom."
"It's simple..."
"what does this mean!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Probably my favorite 9/11 picture"
"Unicorn curse can't be lifted."
"Every time my boss wants me to do extra work ... for free."
"Seeing all the &quot;It's Friday&quot; posts when I have to work a 12 hour shift on Saturday"
"After getting less than 10 up votes for posting original content on my cakeday"
"My WiFi name"
"So we were horsing around in Chemistry today..."
"How to make a pizza."
"A cat's guide to making pizza."
"No! You're making a big mistake!"
"Must've been a great tune."
"I had to put down my 18 year old feline buddy last weekend. He had such a sense of humor."
"Dad regrets buying kids apple products"
"This bird flies solo (Bill Clinton)"
"When I click on a post with 300+ comments  this is what I see."
"When a friend of mine drops over unannounced"
"This owl is a nuclear cutesplosion."
"Sad owl makes reddit say aww"
"What I think of when I see people whining about dubstep  facebook timeline  and 3D movies..."
"No Comments"
"This is all too true"
"This makes me want to become a teacher..."
"How I feel looking at Reddit's front page before I log in"
"Do not open the door...."
"When you submit a link and it receives no upvotes  downvotes  or comments."
"Happens to me every time"
"Completely relatable"
"The curious race for karma"
"Whenever I post anything on reddit (x-post from /r/funny)"
"If Batman and Superman had a baby."
"I have no words for this..."
"I have no idea what I'm doing..."
"How I feel when I am the only single person in my social circle"
"I have an exam next week  this is my inspiration."
"Watching a post fail on cakeday."
"I HAVE NO SON!"
"Probably Felt So Relieving..."
"Some of you probably remember this  but for the rest  I present my favorite Steam Profile."
"Instant Couch"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"&quot;Quote from man stabbed&quot;"
"Yeah"
"Umm what do you know! You did it."
"A big step backward for MLK."
"LOL DYING"
"kept seeing otters  heres an otter"
"Every 60 seconds"
"How about a nice  warm cup of shut the fuck up?"
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game!"
"I figure its not too long till december 21st..."
"Nope. Hell no."
"A Carl Sagan quote. I found this really inspiring."
"Easter Island  unearthed."
"Ninja dog."
"The greatest feeling"
"Student gets dropped call"
"Down the road I goes."
"Why doesn't the snake bite this baby?"
"Yea... seems legit"
"He should probably get that tumor removed"
"Banging on a wall NSFW"
"What did i just see?"
"I accidentally discovered an awesome soundtrack for this awesome Gif (6)"
"Unbearably naked."
"Trying to take all of the groceries in at once"
"Paper cut finder"
"Decided to see what all this /r/spacedicks talk was about."
"Jank Acid"
"Goodluck"
"How I feel after apologizing after bullying a person in high school."
"Water"
"How I feel after being away from the internet for a week"
"What I imagine November first will be like for the people who actually do no fap September"
"Me at the end of no fap September"
"I don't know why...But this makes me laugh every time!"
"What I feel while arguing with people on Youtube."
"What Obama is thinking every time Romney opens his mouth..."
"Grammar is important kids..."
"I can't look at this for too long..."
"Adventure Time?"
"Meanwhile in Brazil..."
"This lined up pretty nicely"
"Out of nowhere"
"Eminem never stops entertaining"
"How the dutch see the rest of the world. [x-post from /r/netherlands)"
"Eski boi."
"Trying to reach the front page with a repost"
"Fail Jam"
"So close!"
"We Are All Going To Die If There's An Emergency"
"Maybe a repost  too good not to share"
"Reddit in Russia"
"Dear Mitt Romney..."
"Obi-wan  NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"Dinner?"
"r/gifs did not really like it  but I think it fits better here."
"I dare you to make some context for this GIF"
"Suddenly I'm not hungry for dinner anymore."
"good old times"
"I love the birdie song!"
"A girl just called me handsome today..."
"When my link is on the frontpage because it's on top of a subreddit"
"No regrets  just sprinkles"
"Will Smith has never had a more appropriate reaction."
"I'm so sorry."
"Whenever I have loud friends over and Breaking Bad is on [x-post from /r/BreakingBad]."
"This is Murray. Murray has muttonchops."
"When someone starts the hate train on my post"
"I thought going blind was bad enough..."
"Happy bunnies"
"stumbled upon this while roaming google"
"So  Germany won 2:1 against the Netherlands yesterday."
"Reddit Lately"
"Kishimoto on female ninjas"
"Werewolf titties"
"If you can dream it..."
"No  you can't be Charlie Sheen for Halloween!"
"How I feel when I get even just a couple upvotes on a new post"
"Do that dance."
"That's what she said!"
"What I've learned from the past three debates"
"whenever girls try to take pictures around me"
"Dont cross the motherfucking street!"
"You've goat to be kidding me"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"How does this happen?"
"Suddenly... robot moose santa clause t-rex laser."
"Whenever I play QWOP"
"Walk away  my friend. Walk away"
"cherish that moment..."
"Every time that I get upvotes on Reddit"
"ITAP of the Moon setting over distant mountains"
"Incredible photo of the Japanese army during the floods last year"
"Protester in Ireland shooting milk from a cows udder at the police. [x-post from r/photoshopbattles]"
"Down with the JPGeoisie!"
"Look who I ran into dressed as a zombie.."
"BOING!"
"Yesterday  we also defeated gravity"
"Just like your daddy..."
"Play me a song!"
"Maybe it's a sign..."
"What happens to most posts on reddit (not what you think) [x-post from Funny]"
"How I reacted when I found out my girlfriend is a One Directioner"
"Truth in advertising."
"Tonight's presidential debate moderator  Jim Lehrer  as played by..."
"Does the moderator of the presidential debate not remind you of this guy?"
"Banksy redone as a gif"
"When I show my mum anything on reddit..."
"When I see a post on the front page that I downvoted in /new."
"Rhino vs Warthog"
"Rhino vs Warthog"
"I always laugh at this."
"Computer Security"
"Total bliss..."
"I don't remember this power ranger"
"pol_has_joined_the_server.gif"
"Welcome to 4chan..."
"Gamers dream - slightly (NSFW)"
"Not sure if cute ?"
"looks like fun"
"Break?"
"I need this!"
"I've got a frog in my throat.."
"HATERS GONNA HATE-- LIKE A BOSS--FUCK THE POLICE"
"I don't think the mods of 4chan like reddit very ( x-post from r/ 4chan)"
"Could be a sequel? Sex Toy Story?"
"Oooo....yaa"
"It's the little things"
"Ah yes  indeed."
"indeed it is"
"to all my co-workers"
"When a post I like gets down voted"
"What the..."
"How nurse joys were made"
"A relevant comic for us reddit users"
"redittor starts multi-million dollar project to modify kiwi-fruit with bat-genes  claims scientific result is coincidence; all for the worthless approval of anonymous internet community"
"Put your kitty on stand-by mode."
"Pouch Pooch"
"Karma Machine"
"Disneys UP (Real life)"
"Googled &quot;best picture ever&quot;"
"That's funny"
"The Lord Jesus Christ always tries to get our attention"
"Jesus sighting (this time its not toast)"
"Sometimes you find Jesus in the most unexpected places..."
"Oh no  it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!"
"Oh no  it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!"
"Just Jew it."
"Caffeine Crystal"
"Tuesday..."
"And So It Was"
"EVERYTIME I run across a haiku [fixed]"
"This would explain all the one-handed hipsters in my hood."
"Amazing eyes"
"Mildly Interesting: The inside of the S train looks like a library"
"So I googled &quot;so I googled&quot;.....this was the first result."
"YES! OH MY GOD!"
"It's my cake day! Here's my favorite gif"
"Because Reddit likes seeing cats do useful things"
"The First Redditor (1905)"
"The truth hurts"
"OH SHIT!"
"Just a Canadian guy telling the truth..."
"Well played  walmart. Well played."
"What childhood staple will you stuff in your anus today?"
"that is one big piece of pizza"
"Young Mitt Romney (fixed)"
"The Joker trolls Two Face"
"Why I love the Joker."
"Just Joker."
"Oh my...."
"The United States as of last night"
"Swaggerskates"
"Fly free.."
"How I feel when I see people arguing about religion"
"youre gay"
"Not like our religion"
"Because it's a sin!"
"Roommate's cat enjoying his halloween candy"
"What the fuck sis?"
"If boobs get karma  how about a pair of Tits (SFW)"
"Gimme the lute..."
"For those of us who were &quot;Too Young to Remember&quot;."
"Quitting Reddit"
"Lets beat this masturbating KONY 2012 horse to death."
"this must be why..."
"Quack"
"Attempted Murder."
"You are nothing I am not scared..."
"I love Cyanide and Happiness!"
"Bambi"
"Stephen gets friendzoned"
"These are getting a little out of hand.."
"Living in a Box"
"Work those sandals  honey!"
"&quot;Gonna do my fancy splash.&quot;"
"And you're beautiful when you do"
"I must dance!"
"80% of pokemon gameplay (x-post from funny)"
"Pugs just wanna have fun."
"You like shrooms? How's about this one?"
"Why not?"
"Only Australia..."
"If Obama gets re-elected I am posting this on facebook"
"A trees friendly version of President Obama."
"Totally crazy idea guys  but go with me on this!"
"...How? [FIXED]"
"Me  on reddit lately"
"I Must Go... My Planet Needs Me"
"when taking attendance and someone says &quot;present&quot;"
"Cranes lifting cranes[720x540]"
"Slide of impending doom!"
"America's Take on International Diplomatic Relations"
"Since they were a big hit the first around  have some more:"
"God said: no tats"
"For my cakeday  I submit what is possibly my favorite gif ever."
"Someone’s been waiting their whole lives to write this in"
"Rugrats had some very dark moments  how could i have missed it."
"DUCK!"
"Last chance workout."
"For Apple iOS 6 passnegers  local area maps are available from the office"
"Religious Scumbag Steve"
"Wait a sec..."
"Redditor for twelve months. Picture that got me hooked in the first place  it's been a strange year."
"Great way to organize USBs and other computer plug-ins."
"My life needs more things like this..."
"Almost Hell."
"Reddit and I."
"Everytime I meet someone I used to know"
"I don't know which one is John Connor. FUCK IT"
"tip toes through the bullet holes."
"Check out the beautiful Texas sky"
"Shells? HA!"
"Microscopic Image of a butterfly tongue"
"Dude...LOOK UP!"
"So  this happened in Chile circa 2008. What artistic catastrophic events have you seen/taken photos of?"
"Romney is speaking."
"Apple  Nokia  Samsung ... - Imgur"
"I had to. I'm sorry."
"Not sure how I feel about this one"
"Silly cat  that's for sandwiches!"
"More protective than most human parents"
"The faces I have when I blast a dookie."
"TIL that in mid air divers look like they are taking the biggest shit"
"Do anyone else want a sequel to this game? It fricking rocked!"
"So I made some lightning gifs too"
"I finally understand this reference..."
"What's new?"
"sunny basketball"
"Dolphin and Whale"
"Must have been a slow day at the Death Eaters meeting..."
"I was the only one working a closing shift and there was all this meat left over.. so I put it on my car window for karma. (I placed it on paper so I could take it home after the pic)"
"I'm slightly disturbed..."
"I waited for you"
"How i usually respond to surprise parties(as demonstrated by Mr.Stephen Colbert)."
"How I feel whenever I beat the Elite Four and Champion because of that legendary I just caught..."
"Males of every species can feel his pain [GIF]"
"Just a turtle and a dog"
"Kathy Griffin with no makeup  yikes."
"Karma at its finest."
"Dashing the hopes of many would be customers every day."
"EPIC FAIL  oh dear Lord!"
"I accidentally used the wrong link when I submitted something."
"Appropriate Ad [x-post from r/SanDiego]"
"I felt a kick!"
"Lady Gaga before the meth."
"I googled &quot;shitty instagram photo.&quot; Satisfied."
"Best high Five Ever!!!!!"
"Accidentally reposted something which then got upvoted [fixed]"
"So fucking stupid!"
"Any illusion I had about these things being cute has completely left me"
"Deal with it."
"So I'm collecting gifs (specifically this type) just to irritate my friends on FB. Here's my fav so far. Share yours?"
"Sticky kiss"
"While everybody else played on their fancy consoles I grew up with this."
"The ol' Toyota switcheroo."
"How I've seen Reddit lately"
"5 days after my girlfriend left me"
"How I felt after seeing an infomercial telling people they would win favor with god if they sent a check for $273."
"Amazing! Bill Murray is everywhere"
"No Navi  YOU LISTEN."
"Drum Solo!"
"There's something special about this gif."
"Stephen Fry Being Awesome"
"Fuck you Soda Pop Board of America!!!!"
"I have a new iPhone  and I agree."
"Cutest cross-eyed Cat"
"Is this too &quot;cheesy&quot;?"
"And this is why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"The Fairy of Eagle Nebula"
"I would probably have a similar reaction..."
"The conventions - in Star Wars terms"
"Lavender fields in France"
"Quite simply _________"
"Things to say during sex"
"Ermmmm... wut?"
"This must have taken a lot of effort"
"I have always liked this Batman comic. (nsfw)"
"When one of my posts actually was succesfull"
"Old Flathead enjoyed the finer things in life"
"Oh Johnny!"
"Abu the monkey"
"Doesn't look half bad"
"A serious issue."
"So this just popped up on my timeline."
"So this just popped up on my timeline."
"Today  after 20+ years of pain and suffering  I have come to grips with my addiction to huffing and admit I have a problem."
"Horxer? Boxorse?"
"come here  girl."
"scared pup"
"I'd be pretty damn afraid at the vets too!"
"party pooper."
"When someone else's cake day post steals the spotlight"
"When someone else's cake day post steals the spotlight"
"What it's like when someone beats me to posting a funny link"
"Complete disregard for the LCPD"
"Retail employee level: pro"
"America:"
"Please hit me as hard as you can."
"Finally found something fucked up on facebook..."
"Maine Earthquake 11/16/12"
"So Maine had its first Earthquake since 1957..."
"This is how my dog greets me when I come home from work!"
"Fear my fuzziness!!"
"Bat Cat"
"Any room here for a baby dolphin?"
"This is a picture from a reddit Baltimore meetup that I have nothing to do with. nsfw"
"Mmm' Tastes Good"
"Interesting.."
"Panther spots."
"dfsdfsdf"
"Tourism"
"Cats only."
"Mutant pig"
"Foggy morning in Rio"
"Here's how the Polling is looking"
"Sudanese soldier"
"NOPE."
"I hate it when minecraft chunks don't load"
"X-post from pics. Do it."
"Reactions to r/gonewild"
"This is an old one  but it gets me every time!"
"Oh deer..."
"This is one downvote I don't mind seeing."
"How I feel anytime I present anything in college."
"Respect my authoritah!"
"When I'm at a night club."
"the definition of chocolate addiction"
"Not sure if this awesome or just weird."
"Love Story"
"This is one of the most disturbing images I have seen in a long time...."
"Bambi meets Godzilla [gif]"
"&quot;And what would you like your cake to say?&quot;"
"So easy now"
"Whenever I Make a spelling mistake on reddit"
"Sloth"
"yes we do!"
"Worth it"
"Classy"
"Now where did I put that pocket"
"Just keep Trying"
"How I respond to 90% of /r/new."
"I'll follow that Panda in the mall  in the mall."
"Mario money"
"In MARIO We Trust."
"If he was still alive he would be our king"
"Nope."
"I shall give only one fuck."
"Introducing Jenny  Master of improv."
"Mark Twain: Closet Redditor"
"When you scroll on a non imgur gif"
"Tailgating at it's finest."
"Just Zach Galifianakis by Martin Schoeller"
"A generation of Dogfighters"
"I missed something along the way."
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"The Neil Patrick Harris family unit"
"Young Obama supporter has an emotional reaction upon meeting the Vice President"
"People who hate reposts also hate..."
"The sims."
"KABOOM!"
"Airburst"
"I need your help naming our future puppy!"
"Photo from latest North Korean rocket launch [fixed]"
"You walked into the wrong neighborhood"
"Family portrait... 18 years apart"
"Facebook  you never fail to surprise me."
"Thugrats"
"I hope this doesn't catch on."
"Look out  he'll eat you!!"
"New use for RITZ [GIF]"
"Just give up already"
"the decepticons are coming"
"More volunteers are needed to help rape victims"
"Oh  you thought you were going to make the front page?"
"Engagement photo"
"Bamboo handcrafted keyboard and mouse"
"Somebody please explain this picture to me."
"You open the door and you see this"
"wut..."
"What is the temperature of a Tauntaun?"
"Good guy Piranha Games gives beta access to apologize for wrong email."
"When a friENT brings snacks"
"I just accidentally clicked a N SFW link to Playboy in work...."
"Hilarious cartoon about jesus (may his name and memory be obliterated)"
"Pig and pig."
"Just discovered this sub  first attempt"
"When I have kids  this is how I'll discipline them."
"Favorite Gif and I have no idea how they did it"
"So I saw this pic of a runway/street on facebook. Thought I would share"
"The cutest cat .GIF you'll see all week"
"D'AWWWW"
"complaining on reddit..."
"This is a fully grown Golden Cocker Retriever. In other words  a forever puppy."
"Ant for my next trick..."
"ET phoned the wrong person..."
"It doesn't look much like either of them are enjoying themselves.. [NSFW]"
"Trollbulb"
"Katt Williams on YOLO."
"roomates"
"They must have cut this out of the original version"
"Cute kitten giving another kitten a massage"
"Gotta Go Fast"
"my stool sample"
"Just a kid and a cop."
"Grammar Nazi at its best"
"I don't wanna work"
"logged into facebook and saw this!"
"He just loves that stuffed animal."
"In response to the most British picture ever  I give you the most Chinese picture ever!"
"Master Yoda is rolling. (Found this on fb)"
"I heard that cute hairy things are upvoted on reddit  so here's one for you."
"Cool color experiment"
"This is kid is much smarter than I am"
"Had a massive craving for these today and can't get them off my mind anymore...what happened to these?!?!"
"Cat got your tongue  or is it Cymothoa exigua?"
"Reddit reaction to incest lately"
"Ughnnnn"
"googled funny facebook conversations... success?"
"Conclusion:Women masturbate more often than men...(SFW)"
"What I imagine would happen to r/gaming if Half-Life 3's release date was announced."
"No! Stop touching me! I AM THE NIGHT!"
"Well this is a new one. [NSFW]"
"How I feel when a girl says she just wants to be friends after we slept together"
"Whenever someone spells definitely  'defiantly'."
"Forever Alone Pup"
"Forever Alone Puppy"
"Every time whilst taking in the grocery shopping"
"I went to the market and came back a man."
"Not always a good idea.."
"Chewing Chinese man approves."
"I've become infatuated with this song."
"Only reason I watch any TV show (Let's end this now)"
"Hello....? [gif]"
"My ginger friend is obsessed with asian girls. Found something interesting for him today."
"yeeee"
"The Open Road"
"The power of money"
"I laugh every time I see this"
"This is what's going to happen to the Mass Effect DLC outrage come release day."
"I don't even... (x-post from /r/fithworldpics)"
"New York City Subway Station Gets Flooded"
"Say Goodbye to the Hoboken PATH Platform!"
"To the Heroes of new!"
"Meteor streaking across the sky"
"Check out this meteor! (x-post from r/wtf)"
"punch me really hard"
"For females who wish to urinate while standing up..."
"The bases"
"A couple of badasses from back in the day."
"Exponential Mustache. Don't know who made it."
"A Never-Ending Source Of Rage"
"Morning Glory Clouds Over Australia"
"Ukulele Virtuoso"
"Psychedelic Ants"
"Been there"
"At a lack for words..."
"And when you least expect it..."
"You're standard Monday night..."
"Hey there Delilah...[Text NSFW]"
"My favorite N*SYNC video."
"I think it does"
"Apparently this bridge would work (X-post /r/Engineering)"
"This is in my local library"
"Actions speak louder than words Romney"
"Picture of my cousin back in kindergarten"
"Checkmate  Medusa."
"Slurp"
"*Spoiler Alert*"
"Historically this has not been true.."
"Lincoln is doing well in theaters..."
"Found this in my college dorm's bathroom."
"Wayne's World"
"He just loves to cuddle"
"I believe i laughed a little to hard at this."
"How to play the Sims. By /v/"
"How I perceived Clint Eastwood's speech at the RNC"
"Cats and dogs can be best buddy's"
"because Bateman won't give the maitre d' head"
"During the zombie apocalypse..."
"Earth's Derpiest Heroes"
"That's my JAYYAMMM"
"how ice cream is really made (nsfw)"
"Baby chameleons will melt your heart"
"Blue Ice cave - Antarctica"
"I question his question"
"Little cute kitten&lt;3"
"Not sure if repost  but easily one of the most wtf face swaps I've seen."
"Blood Falls - Antarctica"
"After one year I can finally whore this little guy out for karma"
"Hanes designs a Reddit uniform."
"Some Spongebob comics"
"Wut?"
"That awesome moment."
"Looked at the time and the right time"
"I asked for a miracle today...this it's what I got..."
"Awesome boots!"
"Really  fashion?"
"truth"
"I caught one of these on a fishing trip."
"this just showed up on my news feed. its gotta be photoshopped. *not sure if repost. sorry if it is*"
"I'll just have a big mac and a AAAAAARRRGGGHHHHH!"
"Free Falling!"
"Their bromance was written in the stars"
"Thug Life"
"Marriage is a crock of shit!"
"WTF? That takes some talent! NSFW"
"Fainted - Everything went better than expected!"
"Power of Bullshit"
"Found this cute/funny photo of my dad as a kid. Made me chuckle."
"&quot;Yaranaika unit №17 was deployed. There were no survivors.&quot;"
"This popped up on my news feed."
"Golf balls are like jelly"
"Someone today posted claiming to be me with my picture and got 6000+ Karma. He lied and I'm not currently back from Afghan. But my dog is still awesome."
"Someone recently posted claiming to be me and got 3000+ K. He lied. Some other jerk posted the same thing pretending to be me and got 6000+ K. He lied too. But I ain't mad. And btw  this &quot;princess&quot; is a &quot;he.&quot;"
"Two People Recently Posted Claiming To Be Me With My Picture and Got a Combined 8000+ Karma  They Lied and I Did Not Current Get Back From Afghan. But My Dog Is Still a Princess"
"Tiny pig is tiny."
"Browsing r/amisexy..."
"Douchebag skeleton"
"NYC - Then and Now"
"Carpet Cleaning"
"Mickey and Minnie's favorite toy..."
"Morning!"
"I am upset that Furbys came back but not these."
"Genie got trolled"
"Listening to a rich friend talk about their awesome vacation [xpost r/gifs]"
"How I feel when I'm trying to be productive."
"Oh  Eeyore..."
"Seems legit."
"woaah! Knives and school????"
"Cat Ninjas."
"When cashiers make remarks."
"What the fuck is this? (NSFW dinosaurs)"
"Jurasic Fap"
"iPhone 10"
"Her Day is About to be Ruined..."
"Stuttering Traffic Cone (x-post via r/mildlyinteresting"
"Because you can't go around saving lives in an unwashed truck"
"What?! I guess I'm not the only one..."
"My link karma is almost as high as my comment karma. This is how I'm feeling."
"Googled &quot;Well I wasn't expecting that&quot; Left satisfied."
"It was only time before it happened"
"Papa Roach as a lab partner"
"Like a boss"
"You can't fix stupid."
"Chacarron...."
"Perpetual Reddit"
"Ey bro ... I didn't touch that bambus. I swear."
"It wasn't me"
"How many people feel after they do today's google doodle."
"Got no Chocolate for Easter..."
"Free Bird"
"What you can find at the library"
"Come at me bro"
"What I think every time Hurricane Sandy is mentioned"
"I'd buy it"
"How do I keep my bear quiet ? I pet him really fast on the top of his head."
"Who knew  alcohol was the cure."
"Trying to make sacrilegious puns. Nailed it?"
"If you're happy in the sun..."
"I don't know  your honor  why don't you ask my butt?"
"Deal wi- aaaargh"
"Friends' &quot;Finger Monkey&quot; finally fell asleep"
"Old Mcdonald had a farm...."
"Well this is positively lovely!"
"How rude!"
"surprise!"
"All alone at the top of the world"
"When I was a kid my mom accidentaly bought me this instead of Pokemon Yellow. Loved her for it even more!"
"So that's how you do it...."
"A mouse?! WHERE?!"
"You misspelled &quot;cat&quot;"
"The solution to all my childhood problems"
"Me dancing after drinking"
"I just don't understand"
"Stop Hitting Yourself!"
"Japan"
"How I feel reading my friend's political Facebook posts tonight"
"waiting for launch code...."
"Drop Bear season now starting in Australia"
"You've been warned"
"New float for Macy's Parade"
"When you see someone attractive..."
"Drugs Stahp"
"Bacon. A handy flowchart."
"This is the most beautiful cat I have ever seen"
"Young leopard intently studying its mother's spots"
"Dat look"
"The last of the unicorns"
"I think it's her cakeday  but what is she doing? Sucking the life out from the cake... [nsfw]"
"Jimmy always takes his fantasies too far (x-post r/funny)"
"Dirty Dan lives on the east coast apparently."
"Hurricane Sandy."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"I would've been straight in there."
"How I feel when someone downvotes me."
"Russian Ironman"
"Who comes up with these ideas..."
"quantum levitation"
"I Fucking Love Pizza"
"Arguing with christians"
"To those that were always wondering how to play it.."
"IAMA Tiger!"
"I mustache you a question"
"My first crush!"
"Had to climb on top of a building to get this shot. I'm pretty proud of it!"
"I want a new version of this game!"
"The Toys Are Back... [NSFW]"
"Gift from a fan.."
"How you feel when you see that you got link karma"
"Hearing a dirty joke around my parents and trying to be civil"
"Hey Ya! Panda! [Credit to gratefuldread]"
"the hood"
"Pandas dance to anything eh?"
"You win this round gravity..."
"Mommy's asleep; time to party!"
"all the difference"
"50 Pictures of Emma Watson"
"The Hunger Games' Seneca Crane is working as a waitress."
"WHAT NOW  BITCHES?"
"Vegan bukkake (kinda NSFW)"
"Carrot bukkake (SFW)"
"Dump"
"What...?"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Gui Gon Michael"
"Squirgina"
"Anyone else remember this?"
"Banned racist cartoon from the 1930's."
"Shiaaaat"
"Sesame Street Cupcakes!"
"repost-ception"
"What Im Definitely Doing Tonight"
"Yo quit playin!"
"Mesmerizing"
"Economy for dummies"
"A classic moment in film history"
"Boy  that escalated quickly. [x-post r/vancouver]"
"Baby Macaques also need love."
"Saw this on r/pics thought it belongedd here"
"When I'm arguing with my ex and she sends me a really long message."
"His mustache is better than yours"
"Mmmm That's Good!"
"A little bit of Star Wars toy history. It has been in my aunt's yard for decades."
"Chill  I got this!"
"Condoleezza Rice: SOON"
"How I feel living in San Diego and seeing all your first snow pictures."
"How I feel when I accidentally put my head through the arm sleeve..."
"Mr. T Mobile"
"Fuck you  other dolphin!"
"Someone Attacking Your Ship? Why Not Zoidberg?"
"It's shit like this Ladies..."
"Just a little more Awwwww .."
"My favorite Dale moment"
"When someone makes fun of me"
"I was out of town for my cakeday but here's my favorite gif anyways."
"He does it better than most people."
"My favorite picture on the internet."
"No! Don't go!"
"Chris Crispy"
"I don't understand what's so--oh...NSFW"
"A marble being held in front of a map. [x-post from r/itookapicture/][pic]"
"Jenny Craig vs. Godzilla"
"Everytime I see a slinky... (Thanks Ace Ventura!)"
"Remember our &quot;Un-Friendzoned&quot; man-hero from a few weeks back? A champion falls..."
"little Prince charming"
"She didn't choose the thug life.."
"awwww!"
"When you see a mosquito on your friend."
"How I feel after spending my days off this week being sick."
"I know it's old.. but still makes me laugh every time."
"I am not a clever man."
"So many soldiers"
"No  you're not supposed to eat that!"
"How I feel after reading the whole of the Higgs Boson Wikipedia page"
"This pretty much sums up my New Years Celebration"
"What driving in Wisconsin during a snowstorm reminds me of"
"My cat was out laying in the sun. I was definitely not thinking about Battlefield."
"My cat was out laying in the sun too. I was definitely not thinking about Battlefield."
"Bitch please..."
"Flawless."
"fatality."
"Face swap was good  but did you notice this?"
"Obama is unimpressed"
"I like this picture of Obama."
"just a dinghy (with 2 000hp)"
"Found this in Google Images while searching for &quot;Fetal Alcohol Syndrome.&quot; I don't even...."
"googled redditor and found this  seems about right"
"And you complain when I laugh at you?"
"Thou shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain..."
"interesting restaurant"
"Sounds like an... interesting career"
"Ooh... so close."
"Saw this on the front page.. Thought it deserved to be here with my hero."
"Dr. Shrute"
"Turn that frown upside down!"
"/b/'s take on Tard."
"to boldly nyan where no cat has nyaned before"
"Dean Martin once gave his famous burger recipe to a celebrity cook book. This was the result."
"Yo dawg I heard you like spiders"
"My face when my mom told me a kid was fapping in her Pre-K Class"
"Sarah Jessica Parker running"
"Mr. Miyagi 2nd picture on Google images  I want to be remebered this way too!"
"Possibly the only funny 'Arrow to the knee' joke."
"just wanna bring this back"
"After all of these years  this scene is still incredibly funny."
"Pissing after sex"
"Captain Hook"
"I'm going to have some quality father-son bonding time with my kid by watching television shows that we can both enjoy"
"I wish I had a suitcase aswell."
"I like this guy"
"This guy is my hero"
"everyone was kung-fu fighting [x-post r/gifsound]"
"Awesome stick figure fight."
"Meanwhile in Denmark"
"If you believe in something pursue it."
"How makeup works"
"It does wonders"
"Haven't logged in this account in months and turns out I just had a cake day. Here is my favorite gif. Make it rain."
"Searched &quot;Awesome&quot; on Google Images out of boredom... Not at all disappointed."
"Yeah right!"
"Oh Hitler."
"I googled 'Canada GIF'"
"Squid is hungry"
"I don't know if this has been posted before  but I think it's worthy"
"Buddy just got a job in Sea World. Posted this on facebook."
"Swallowing a light bulb"
"ultra-condensed version of Shakespeare's &quot;Othello&quot;"
"How to brush like a man."
"How to decode the teen's texting lingo."
"Anti Japanese Demonstrations in China"
"After Every Single One Of My Posts on /aww"
"Opportunist dog."
"Judgement Day"
"NOPE!"
"Johnny Cash performing for prisoners at Folsom Prison 1968 (x-post from r/HistoryPorn)"
"I think I just downloaded a fair portion of the internet..."
"I think Steam just downloaded a fair portion of the internet... (x-post from /r/steam)"
"I'm...not sure what to think anymore."
"Spotted in the UK (x/post - r/guns)"
"I had a very slow day at work and my friend found out..."
"Going to hell for laughing at this."
"Schools around the country are banning the 'Reddit Gang Sign'"
"THOR! HEDGEHOG OF THUNDER."
"Had an interesting night club photo come up on my news feed..."
"Stare into the center for one or two minutes  and you'll be able to see through time and space."
"She's not exactly street legal"
"Ouch! My brain..."
"The trooper"
"In Honor of Blade Runner's 30th Anniversary  I present a Gif of my favorite moment in the film.... Time to Die"
"Got three upvotes (haters gonna hate)"
"Hai!"
"Put your hand up in the air"
"how i feel whenever there's an update for anything"
"What we are facing right now in Victoria  Australia"
"Japanese spider crab"
"Hipsters ruin everything"
"The young &amp; stylish Joseph Stalin is here to bang your girlfriend."
"Favourite super hero? Iron man  Captain america  spider man? Nope"
"Found my old Gameboy Advance SP and Pokemon games"
"Taxidermy + addiction"
"On this day in history  Trinity  the very first nuclear weapons test"
"Take that!"
"I like Curiosity pictures  but Opportunity has produced some incredible stuff as well. Let's show the little guy some attention! Here's my very small but carefully hand picked collection."
"A man and his tiger"
"Seeing egregiously misused memes on facebook"
"I could've sworn this was already a game"
"Cars play ping pong with Elk"
"Wait for it."
"Woman's Secret!"
"Hospital food"
"Natural Selection."
"Amazing Life Hacks"
"There aren't enough moose on r/aww!"
"When it's time to go to bed..."
"Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji - Land of the Rising Sun"
"Asshole Cat"
"The nobel price of peace goes to"
"Welcome to internet  may I help you?"
"Sometimes you don't know you need something until you see it"
"Japan  that is all [NSFW]"
"Reddit must love our fatheads!!!"
"shotgun"
"How I feel after sifting through ten pages of /new."
"How I Feel When Your Dog is Cuter Than Mine"
"This is the reason why I joined Reddit."
"My friend just drew this  thought it deserved more than facebook"
"How I Feel When I Try To Look Cool In Front Of Women"
"Would you"
"MFW I wake up to a cold day  then realize that means it's yoga-pants day on campus"
"Bye bye  Wall Street"
"Hurricane Sandy NYC Flooding"
"Inception"
"Breaking Bad  after the meth what to do next?"
"Modeling session gone wrong"
"Grumpy cat goes to the vets..."
"Rare Baby White Sea Turtle"
"...don't you guys want to play?"
"Leading the charge..."
"The true definition of 'majestic as fuck' [fixed]"
"I've lost them."
"Mean while robberies in Russia have a different outcome."
"This is the example my science teacher used to show us how to set up our science fair projects. As a Mexican I kind of thought this was funny. (Fixed)"
"This happens to one in 5 people on the internet"
"Any time I try to post something"
"When i find out i misspelled my title after i hit submit."
"I stayed up all night making this shit: Twitchy_Romney_Explosions.gif"
"Whenever my dad takes my laptop."
"Getting here is nice  but I feel like doing it without raging once is even more of an accomplishment."
"Do you know why I'm standing here?"
"This girl's hair formed a perfect beard when she jumped in the air"
"In the back of my.."
"Skeet Skeet Baloo  Skeet Skeet"
"Dont know if this has been posted on yet  but yet another good one from Adam Savage"
"What is this sorcery?"
"A long read  but worth it. Guy takes revenge on his ex when she tries to frame him for rape."
"i sorwwee"
"I'm sorry..."
"Angry man breaking the rules"
"True Love"
"What kind of black magic is this?!"
"How Sad D':"
"A shoutout to my favorite game."
"two girls  two cups*** cant..stop.....looking"
"Whenever me and a girl have something in common."
"There goes my faith in humanity. Again. [FB]"
"was doing Imgur roulette when suddenly...."
"So this exists......"
"when ever I see a girl dancing to a song that's talking shit about women"
"honest boss"
"Like a Moss!"
"The Lonely Cat"
"Video game logic."
"We were in the computer lab and I managed to stumble upon this fantastic picture."
"Lich King style."
"Awww  sweet Kitty..."
"The real reason you should be terrified of Vice President Paul Ryan."
"Half-life"
"He sells it with his eyes"
"The three states of matter"
"I haven't visited this subreddit for 10 days! This is how I pooped when I remembered it..."
"this seems appropriate for the gif"
"I know what to do!"
"The Simpsons blew my mind."
"The noble unicorn."
"Smell the rainbow"
"Getting ready for Christmas."
"Cosmo"
"The Official Language of the European Union"
"Raw footage of the riots in London"
"Poor Mike."
"Somebody please  think of the hamsters!"
"pretty much sums it up"
"Fitness plan after my own heart"
"Amazing behind the scenes photos from famous hit Movies. From Inception to Starwars! [Crosspost /movies]"
"This comic always makes me laugh no matter how many times i read it"
"dat feel when it's your cake day"
"Whenever my friends mention R/Spacedicks"
"LacryDOGsa"
"Put that stupid tongue back in your mouth  Jerry..."
"Why do people badmouth donkeys?"
"Thug Life"
"How I feel this week as a Chick Fil A employee"
"Inb4 this is the best version of the song....."
"Dog gettin' busy"
"My favorite cartoon"
"Put your fist in the centre. It speeds up!"
"This is why I read hentai [NSFW Text]"
"Just Finland in the winter"
"Good 'ol Wendy's"
"A daily thing for all of us."
"Punny chemistry cat"
"Bad Taxidermy (or the things nightmares are made of)"
"Police Medic"
"Tunnel Of Flowers"
"no thanks  i'll find my own way out"
"The Cost of SETI"
"Space Age Technology Meets Space Age Jazz"
"Get dad something he'll love!"
"Umm not sure Dad would be too pleased with this.."
"Start wearing purple..."
"What I did when I found out I surpassed my friend in karma."
"Wu Tang Clan Venn Diagram"
"I can't stop watching this. How?"
"Remember to always park your truck in a safe spot..."
"5 gum: Taking the marketing to the next level"
"The Strongest Man In the World"
"Still Counts"
"Vvttvtftcftvgcvt"
"Mind=Blown"
"Nice size comparison of different things in the universe... then it happens."
"The hamster is always watching"
"Somebody's watching me..."
"How I feel after midterm season is over"
"Everyone's beggin' for Half Life 3  but where's this game!!!"
"In remembrance of september 11th i was searching and found this Pakistani airlines advertisement from the 1979."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Infinite bacon."
"Well  I had fun making it happen."
"No-Fap September is now over. How I feel about every thirty seconds now (NSWF?)"
"No Jumping for a While"
"Why to NOT be afraid of sharks !"
"Having a good time"
"Think Shinra Inc. invented the Mako Cannon? The Nazis did it first... (x-post from r/historyporn)"
"Pardon me  wash my what?"
"Childhood - Imgur"
"Continuous stream of adorable"
"The appropriate way to deal with tailgaters"
"Rawr. Contain yourselves ladies!"
"How my friend and I with the same birthday feel about being 21 in 2 hours."
"Scuba Cat"
"Please tell me this is not rule34 related."
"Meanwhile  on the Ferris wheel"
"Put your finger here"
"A classy new way to respond to stupid fundie claims (X-post from r/funny)"
"Best reaction to a zombie ever. (xpost from r/funny)"
"Tricky Tricky"
"Forever alone success"
"Only at Wal-Mart"
"Leslie Gets Low"
"Highway in Norway"
"Svartifoss  Iceland"
"Mario and Peach  the later years."
"Emma Watson's half-naked"
"Elephants are such big show offs"
"Whenever I'm having a bad day at work  I tell myself that at it could always be much worse (NSFW)"
"Why is everyone mad at Lance Armstrong? He just wanted to spice up his decor!"
"When I find what I did while smashed the previous night..."
"How I felt when I was asked to write a paragraph in cursive on the GRE  no printing allowed."
"Dear Reddit  ever been turned on by a tree before?"
"It's pure evil"
"only in Japan!"
"I know  amirite???!"
"double facepalm?"
"Right in the penis"
"Right in the penis."
"In response to those &quot;truth about pitbulls &quot; here is the truth about Chihuahuas...."
"I think I could stare at this for hours."
"Through the fire and the flames"
"Yeah.. That's totally why I don't have a girlfriend."
"What you lookin' at?"
"Favorite &quot;hey boys did you know..&quot;"
"Thug Life"
"I 'stuck my dick in crazy'"
"CABLE TIGER"
"tiger made of zip cords."
"The destruction of the DeathStar was an inside job."
"When you ask Siri about Steve Jobs"
"Watch out  Poo Man is on the run.."
"I cooked with poo and I liked it"
"Start 'em young."
"These cougar cubs know they are cute"
"Seems legit"
"Burlesque dancer Zorita walks her pet snake in the late 30s."
"Where... am... I???"
"The Hymenbuster"
"I say  Alison Brie is quite...Smashing"
"Looked up batman found this"
"Amethyst skull"
"It will be okay  cat."
"Katy Perry Album (r/pics x-post)"
"C O M P R E S S I O N"
"The art of trolling..."
"My roflcopter goes SOI SOI SOI SOI SOI"
"Soon."
"Three ferrets in a cup!"
"Baby's First Baby"
"Baby's baby baby. -___-"
"A never-ending pregnancy loop."
"Get away from me  ho!"
"undoubtedly hypnotizing"
"My reaction with the new girls at my school"
"Anyone else used to think one of these would get you a free Tootsie Pop?"
"Yea  well  he's more comfy"
"after writing a 5 page paper all day  only to find out that my printer doesn't work"
"God of Reddit"
"How I feel when my friend sends me a link from Reddit"
"When ever I get a &quot;Funny Friday&quot; Email at work.."
"Fttt"
"Allrighty"
"The Imgur team got together for a group photo. It turned out pretty great  don’t you think?"
"How I feel after missing dat cake day karma by 6 hours"
"How I felt after two months on reddit  posting nearly every day when I saw my link karma change from 1 to 2 for the first time."
"So I Found Out Why My Battery Was Dying Fast."
"Frog Dad (x-post from r/ 4chan)"
"What is this I don't even"
"How I feel when someone on the Internet tells me being a Grammar Nazi is annoying"
"No wonder Pugs aren't that great looking sometimes."
"This is how I imagine Christians view r/atheism..."
"Hard choice"
"You be the judge....."
"hmm... me like...Reddit may like..."
"The animal handlers at the Oregon Zoo took Chendra around to meet some of the other animals one day before the zoo opened. The sea lions were her favorite!"
"You are who you make yourself. [X-Post from r/GetMotivated]"
"Whenever redditors complain about the most meaningless things."
"What the hell kind of parent MILKS their baby?!!"
"I don't even..."
"How?!"
"the best kind of tidal wave"
"The bank I work at is an old swimming pool"
"Every time my boyfriend tries to have sexy time with me."
"Finally! Facebook Gold!"
"Wallpaper Collection (1920x1080)+"
"Batman loves Honey Nut Cheerios. Well  at least he used to."
"BatMantern?"
"When you see it...."
"What I imagine every person who makes a [Fixed] post looks like. [Fixed]"
"The New Macbook - or close enough."
"Seems legit."
"Seems legit.."
"New Mac"
"Skeptical third world kid upgraded to a mac."
"China  y u so fucked up?"
"Stunderwater Sneak"
"Goldman Sachs running their own generators"
"Gordon Ramsay's got competition [FB]"
"Even back then  there were REBELS"
"Went to the store  saw this."
"Skyrim summed up in 3 panels."
"Rhino skulls are creepy as fuck"
"In the future..."
"Stuffed Friend"
"Mr.Jesus"
"I'd hit it  with a hammer."
"Squidward Wants To Be With You"
"Wise  wise words."
"Eat it."
"I thought I had seen it all  until I seen this shirt."
"What I think of whenever I accidentally drop food..."
"Music stars: now and then"
"Request: Can someone please add the text &quot;FUCK IT&quot; to this gif please?"
"I quit WoW 8 months ago. This is how i react to them talking to me about the game."
"Camouflage"
"find the cat..."
"My friend introduced me to an African American fellow this ensued."
"Baby Gourmet!"
"Seriously?"
"Dedication vs Laziness"
"So what do Swedes view?"
"Whenever I see someone I think is attractive"
"This seems a bit extreme"
"Trying to get my friend's attention"
"Shower Time!"
"When your crush tells a joke."
"Good parenting."
"Turk's Son"
"Ground Zero flooding"
"Ground Zero construction site being flooded by Hurricane Sandy"
"Storm surge causing flooding at the World Trade Center construction site"
"Sea water floods Ground Zero construction site"
"Ground Zero turns into Niagara Falls."
"Sandy visiting the world trade center"
"The Waterfall that is Ground Zero."
"Ground Zero during Hurricane Sandy"
"An X-ray of a recently discovered fresh water stingray from the Amazon... sweet.."
"Hand guy"
"Sax drive?"
"Mimes"
"Best Lord of the Rings gif I've ever seen"
"Kill. It. With. Fire."
"Whenever my friend buys Rumplemintz shots"
"How I feel living in Phoenix when it's 105 degrees and 30 percent humidity"
"So I heard about this new rap album thats topping the charts"
"My first thought upon hearing this."
"This was just on CNBC's live twitter feed on the debate..."
"This was broadcasted on CNBC. Look at the ticker at the bottom"
"Bit into an apple and found this"
"I said NO DUCKS [x-post funny]"
"Poor fellow parked under streetlight during fishfly (mayfly) season. (x-post from r/pics)"
"Saw Eddie Murphy on the freeway"
"Girl posts a picture of her dead cat next to a vine for karma."
"Guy on a snail. (X-post from /r/WTF)"
"Pretty Much"
"Didn't know this screen existed."
"Bitch  i dont even know what you're talkin about."
"So my friend just sent me this... wtf?"
"My friend just sent me this... I don't know how to respond."
"Just a sloth  doing what it does best!"
"my daily range of emotions"
"It had to be done (fixed)"
"The life of a swing voter"
"Just a friendly reminder  that's what Nicki Minaj used to look like..."
"I know what costume I'm getting my dog for Halloween"
"First one home wins"
"Awww yeeeeeeeeeeah"
"Yeeeeee"
"best gif ever"
"Puppy!"
"The Reddit Chair"
"The Future of Awesome"
"First post on reddit I thought I'd share one of my favorite .gifs"
"Asian banana"
"&quot;I know what will make people want to buy our bananas!&quot;"
"If you make a map good enough you don't need to keep releasing map packs. 11 years and still going strong..."
"It has arrived..."
"How I felt after moving out of my parents house"
"How I feel like after nailing a job interview and then finding out my car got broken in to"
"A bus ad for a zoo. Awesome!"
"what"
"Mac &amp; Cheese voyage!"
"The Dark Knight's coolest picture?"
"Heath Ledger skate boarding over Christian Bale on the set of The Dark Knight. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Heath Ledger as the Joker skate boarding over Christian Bale as Batman while they take a break on the set of The Dark Knight."
"How to prevent your child becoming an atheist"
"An Astronaut Taking a Picture of Himself in Space."
"This is the worst teachers name of them all..."
"Silly officer.."
"My attitude towards Reddit after submitting and getting downvoted."
"Five different ways that you can 'trick' your brain and alter your sensory perceptions!"
"Band-aid?"
"Maybe someday"
"For Asgard!"
"Loki Has No Idea What He Has Been Given."
"Make anything into a sandwich!"
"Tinkerbell is not impressed"
"Piggly Wiggly Brand Pizza"
"Typed WTF in the search bar...."
"Nice Robot. [NSFW]"
"Defying Gravity"
"How I feel getting upvotes for a repost"
"Giraffes are heartless creatures"
"Brb  can't stop laughing"
"So my wife and I were looking at baby announcement cards and I think we found the one"
"Get well"
"Just a View from my Window at Le Gras"
"When the FB notification is an event invitation"
"Did you know?"
"I did not know that."
"Texas secede from the union? WIN!"
"On my first day of an engineering job  my coworker asks what I think of my first job."
"'Merica!!"
"Sassy baby"
"How to make chocolate milk"
"Was Imgur Rouletting and I found this little gem..."
"My reaction to &quot;Online Porn&quot; 6 years ago."
"You're all wrong  this is how it started."
"When I read about the Higgs Boson particle"
"I would like one please"
"Amazing 3d Street Art (album)"
"So I just found this wallpaper and I automatically thought of you guys. (NSFW)"
"What in the absolute fuck"
"Uh where do I even begin?"
"You!...You just go get in your crib"
"Cows are assholes"
"I just had to share this"
"Is it bad that this is the majority of what my dancing for Homecoming was?"
"My girlfriend's love here.."
"So Hasbro creates Scrabble  then Zynga rip offs Scrabble  so now Hasbro is making the board game version of ..."
"Next level laziness"
"Stupid faggot dog"
"STOP ACTING LIKE THIS !!!"
"Possibly my favorite gif ever"
"still my favorite"
"O.o Woody? (sorta NSFW)"
"Yes  that is a girl in a realistic spider costume giving someone a blowjob. [NOT SAFE FOR ARACHNOPHOBES] (x-post from /r/spacedicks)"
"This ones mine! You can have the next one!"
"LPT: Surefire way to wake up on time."
"rob dyrdek took a turn in life"
"How I felt waking up this morning with 4G for the first time."
"99 problems and a fish ain't one"
"Chillin"
"jumping on the fox karma train"
"Dramatic Eagle"
"Halloween on NYC subway"
"How I feel coming back to reddit post cake day to see my only submission got downvoted."
"How I feel when I realize the date in which you became a Redditor is not your cake day."
"After finally asking the girl I like to homecoming  she says two days before it  &quot;You know we're going as friends  right?&quot;"
"How I felt getting 6 karma today."
"Whenever I found out Disney is making a Star Wars VII"
"Senor Romney"
"I think this may fit a little better."
"Classical."
"And an American public school lunch..."
"There's a what behind me?"
"aaaaaaand she's gone..."
"This was a great uplifter on a rainy day. Classic Bill [fb]"
"Now this is some back seat driving ..."
"This is really awesome"
"How my no fap September is going."
"Today is my birthday  this is how I feel"
"What my first cake day feels like"
"Shark swimming in hurricane flooded NJ street"
"There are sharks swimming in the streets of New Jersey."
"Brigantine Beach  NJ."
"Looks like Hurricane Sandy brought some friends to NJ"
"So  there are sharks swimming in the streets of LBI. Thanks Sandy."
"Front yard of Atlantic City  New Jersey  due to Hurricane Sandy. That shadow under the nose is a driveway!"
"just went fishing on the front porch"
"So my friend sent me a picture from her house in NJ....."
"Spider-Fighter! Putting out fires with his mad webs."
"Downvoting a promising post."
"if you dont like EDM music dont spam comments"
"Gnarly dude!"
"Just a Red Panda. Nothing to see here."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Like my men."
"As a young white boy  Lisa Turtle (Lark Voorhees) was the first black girl I had a crush on. Now she looks like this."
"This is what my friend found on the side of the road.."
"This showed up on my news feed today.."
"Get Well Soon"
"Aww  I hope he pulls through!"
"425 lbs.  all chin"
"Hurricane Sandy: Shit just got real"
"Crackers?"
"Bison says  &quot;move.&quot;"
"Hangover is Dangerous"
"I have no words"
"the original keyboard cat"
"WTF did I just watch"
"play me off Johnny!"
"Licorne Nuclear test 1970 (GIF) - Imgur"
"My summer"
"This is gold. [My thanks to Generalwarts   the creator of Reactiongifarchive]"
"dance dance kitty"
"Let the bodies hit the wall..and the floor"
"Parkour (X-Post r/Funny)"
"Sandy! What are you doing? That's no place for a trampoline!"
"Sandy! What are you doing? That's no place for a trampoline!"
"My new favorite .gif"
"Every time I think my post is genius..."
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Blind black guys are the best."
"I have no idea how to explain this."
"No context whatsoever..."
"Had to be done [fixed] just wish the gif was longer"
"For those of you living in the north eastern US"
"Aside from the Hurricane Sandy..."
"Ollie's forecast for Hurricane Sandy"
"Those eyes.."
"I just paid my credit card bill and this is how I feel"
"My friend wanted me to buy a game with him so I could play with him..."
"The Rock becomes The Hulk"
"I will never know happiness as profound as this."
"I want that one!"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"Every time anyone wants to &quot;help&quot; me"
"More dystopian  but I thought of r/Cyberpunk as soon as I saw this [x-post from r/gifsound]"
"I feel like this guy way to often"
"Whenever I'm at the beach"
"aliens  aliens everwhere!"
"Just feeding a lion"
"Now I've seen some shit in my day  but this..."
"so very concerning"
"This saved my ass for an interview  everyone should know this stuff."
"how i feel when i try and get off Reddit"
"So a christian anti-muslim nut job argued religion with me today"
"Is this guy serious..?"
"Photo Bomb Level:Seal"
"Hater gona hate"
"How /r/politics feels right now"
"What I think a SAN engineer is doing when he swaps LUNs to bring resource groups back online for a Cluster."
"Me when my girlfriend asks what looks better on her"
"When people think it's important to write &quot;farewell messages&quot; to online communities."
"troll monkey."
"Every time I browse r/shittyfoodporn."
"How i feel as a high school student who has to get up at 6AM every morning..."
"Quietly brilliant."
"Driving a car  like a President"
"Everything to do with Curiosity right now"
"Island Paradise"
"zombie proof?"
"zombie proof?"
"Aogashima Island"
"Island view from above"
"Being a female getting a lap dance..."
"Not everyone wants to be as fast as Usain...."
"Average faces of women from a list of countries. Absolutely breathtaking."
"Hey camelhorse you've been here for 3 years!"
"Bert Realizes something..."
"Spoiler: Bert doing his best Hank"
"When i'm playing  and someone asks me do something...."
"How I feel being 33/m and married..."
"World's Largest Ballon Animal"
"Balloonosaurus Rex"
"Right after she ripped apart one of my pillows. (She thinks I can't see her)"
"A lot has changed..."
"Arise my minions!!!"
"Is this some sort of shrine?"
"Typed in &quot;wtf&quot;. Google Images delivers."
"sin(b)/tan(b)="
"almost made it"
"Monorail cat's got nothing against ... Rocket Dog!"
"3rd rock"
"Monty Python galaxy song [GIFSound]"
"Such a beautiful and majestic creature isn't it?"
"The feeling of getting a few upvotes then destroyed by downvotes."
"How I feel after being down voted"
"I peed in my pants a bit."
"This Spiderman gif can be paired with any song and fit."
"No  not just any song."
"Hero risks his life to save others"
"don't wanna mess with these cats"
"Dominance [X-POST /r/Funny]"
"I... I don't even..."
"how i celebrate my first successful post"
"I finally caved and typed in 5 random letters on imgur...I'd say this is a pretty solid start O.O"
"What rhymes with sloth"
"It has moobs... [Fixed]"
"So NASA's Flight Director has a Mohawk  according to r/LadyBoners that means every other picture will be the side of his head for the next week"
"How I imagine a Reddit meetup would be like [FIXED]"
"As a newer user on Reddit  this is what I image everyone's house looks like on here."
"Girlfriend brought up the idea of a strap-on."
"Meanwhile in Australia (xpost WTF)"
"Saw this on facebook and I've still got tears in my eyes"
"chicks will be jealous"
"What I do when I forget my phone when I go to take a shit"
"My first thought upon seeing this .gif"
"It's tough out there for some people..."
"dem lyfe strugglez"
"I love this show so much"
"Deeper and deeper......"
"Thought my exam was tomorrow. It's actually on Tuesday."
"He got an 8 from the French judge."
"Do you even ping pong?"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food."
"Your shoes will thank me"
"Fall is in the air. Time to initiate my plan to swoon the lady I like."
"Please!"
"Justin Bieber was a girl scout"
"Troled so hard"
"How I feel as a new redditor and only getting 15-20 Karma."
"So this came up on my newsfeed..."
"My ex showed up to a party. [FIXED]"
"Let me introduce the &quot;Poodle Moth&quot;  an inhabitant of the Venezuelan jungle."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Sexy at it's finest"
"playing with toys will never get old"
"Aliens."
"seems legit"
"It's a trap!"
"George Lucas' latest changes to Star Wars"
"guaranteed to make you smile"
"Lick-n-stick tattoos"
"unleash the beast"
"Chile's Puyehue volcano erupts  causing air traffic cancellations across South America  New Zealand  Australia and forcing over 3 000 people to evacuate."
"Chile's Puyehue volcano erupts"
"I'm sure this is repost  but what the hell  Morgan Freeman is the man"
"GPS tracks for pizza deliveries in Manhattan on a typical friday night"
"What I Do In Elevators"
"His crotch produces beautiful synths and drums."
"Upvote Style"
"How Asian Women Age"
"dodgeball downvote i made"
"How reddit treats me when I submit my ideas."
"Cookie Monster Slayer"
"Cookie Monster slayer (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Mars Effect"
"Who was in my Grocery store?"
"Why does he need to be the president of America when he's already the mayor of Whoville?"
"He kind of looks like the mayor of Whoville."
"Am I the only one that sees this?"
"The morning after my first night of heavy drinking."
"Miniatures"
"Trick or treat."
"Breaking bad halloween kids costumes"
"It had to be done."
"My expectation of Hurricane Sandy based on news coverage"
"Original Priority Peter"
"Kim Jong/Gangnam Style!"
"Wikipedia gives some strange advice"
"What are you trying to pull Wikipedia?"
"What are you suggesting  Wikipedia?"
"Invisible bongos"
"Does anyone know whats happening?"
"I'm a little confused.."
"Running with my girl"
"Just some water skiing"
"I survived a car accident between my little Volkswagen Beetle and a fully loaded semi truck with nothing more serious than a broken ankle. It's a miracle that I'm even alive.*FIXED*"
"For some reason  everytime I see the Gangnam Style video this is all I can think of..."
"How I imagine 9gaggers"
"Pay Attention  or Fail."
"Miley Cyrus got a haircut?"
"Had Mother Lover stuck in my head at work today  then this popped in my head alongside it..."
"Like a boss!"
"Dang Mr. Rodgers [Mr. Rogers Fixed]"
"What it feels like to read/listen to people in another language that you're learning."
"Whenever i see a competition post from r/starcraft"
"I just joined a stem cell lab as an undergraduate researcher. Pretty much sums up my day."
"Some things deserve to be reposted."
"Just what I've been waiting for!"
"Well f**k"
"How I feel about reddit lately..."
"Doomba version ShutTheFuckUp.0"
"Peter Parker  Age 7"
"Atticus Finch as a thug"
"I read it in his voice"
"NO SANTA  DON'T TOUCH ME THERE!"
"Having a rather large family  this is how i feel at a family reunion"
"Everytime I hand in an assignment"
"Just had some music going when this GIF showed up. And then the magic happened..."
"The strongest argument for gay marriage."
"It could have been worse..."
"This .gif always cracks me up"
"Happy Thanksgiving Reddit!"
"I keep hearing turkey bacon is better for you - hope this is what they mean"
"Looks soooooo good"
"am i the only one around here..."
"When in r/gonewild"
"Real live grandpa from UP"
"It's my cake day so here I give you my kitty Franklin in a box"
"This place looks magical"
"Pretty much whenever I go to the dentist..."
"Boom! Ostrich! Slap!"
"Like omg they weren't even a trend on Twitter"
"When I make to FrontPage"
"&quot;If you believe in evolution  then you can't be in favour of homosexuality  or the ducks will get you in the end&quot;"
"YOLO?"
"Who was it?"
"Who said it?!"
"History of Reddit (Warning: Infographic)"
"i can make it  i can make it"
"[request] Oh yes please let's do. Anybody good with making armor? Would love to fight vampires as The Dark Knight. (There is at least one batman mod on steam but I wasn't crazy about it.)"
"I was amused."
"Ouch... [NSFL]"
"Best advice you'll ever get."
"Ladies  Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"This kitty's in love"
"My cakeday did not go as planned."
"Your argument is invalid"
"That's one hard slap...."
"I think this kind of peanut butter needs to be shared"
"Peanut Butter."
"What I think of every time a comment gets more upvotes than the post itself"
"I was like..."
"Finally some respect for the holidays"
"Seems like you guys would have good content for Red Team"
"It is time to unleash global war upon 9Gag. Spread this picture and enlist."
"4chan has called out reddit"
"Seals are trending I see.."
"Googled 'Seal of Reddit'  was not disappointed."
"My pet seal named SEAL"
"I see you..."
"My first try at face swapping.."
"What we're all wondering about this sub."
"Tree Lobsters"
"Guns + Bacon = 'Merica"
"Currency when I was in elementary school [Fixed]"
"A badass couple"
"Criminal Love outside a Manhattan Police Station"
"You knew it was a good day when one of these bad boys rolled in."
"The internet's first line if defense"
"When someone says this .gif has been used too many times"
"The way my dad is watching the debate"
"The perfect way to watch the debate"
"How the debates should be watched"
"it's a Jersey thing."
"You Know His Name. Say It"
"Casually searching google  then this."
"Ian McKellen in Lord of the Rings (2001)"
"I remember this game."
"Everyone that argues in comment threads"
"Arguing on Internet"
"When Bill Nye and NDT surf the net"
"Nerdgasm"
"Close enough."
"Beautiful image of a streetcar in New Orleans"
"When I read that Colby had finally stood up for himself..."
"My new favorite cat gif"
"Up up and away!"
"Bitch  Ima F-22."
"Don't know why I made this..."
"It's the hat."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"I can finally win!"
"The moment you NEED to correct someone in an argument."
"When dictionaries in the future include pictures and acronyms  this will be next to OMFG."
"Whenever momma brings home nutella AND bagel bites at the same time!"
"Parents and tech support"
"When my ex tries to talk to me."
"More like a day"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in three months [FIXED]"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in three minutes"
"Let's see if it actually works..."
"I'm sure this will be funnier in three minutes."
"Hey guys look at this hilarious OC I found."
"When flipping tables becomes too mainstream for anger..."
"They'rrrrre... acceptable!"
"Well that was an easy one..."
"I thought reddit would appreciate this."
"Bird mocks cat. Cat wins."
"How I Feel When The Work Day Is Done"
"I FUCKING LOVE STRAWBERRY'S!!"
"Have you seen THIS dog?"
"It never fails to make me laugh."
"This is me when I come home from the bar and I love everything you assholes have to say."
"&quot;I'd like to make a withdrawal please&quot;"
"What day one on reddit feels like"
"getting internet after 4 months"
"My new facebook cover photo that aggravated religious friends. Can you name them left to right?"
"Herro!(What would you rate this on the cute scale of 1 to 10?)"
"Bummer.."
"My reaction to the guy claiming 4 years sober was a &quot;small accomplishment.&quot;"
"I &quot;accidentally&quot; asked a girl I like over to play Xbox..."
"Bee."
"being terrified of wasps  this made me nearly piss my pants."
"Saw this on Facebook - &quot;Drunk gymnasts shouldn't be at nightclubs&quot; [NSFW]"
"Probably Most of Us"
"Life in a nutshell"
"A typical work week"
"Thought it explained reddit well"
"Ariel view: 86 vehicle pile-up in Cincinnati  OH"
"8 million and one."
"Showed up on my facebook feed."
"Creative answers"
"wife is due on Friday  this sums up my feelings"
"Wascally Wabbit!"
"It's the lil' things"
"Optical Illusion in Paris"
"funny dog gif - animalsbeingdicks"
"He just couldn't wait!"
"My favourite gif of all time. Probably a repost  but toats ma goats worth it."
"Was in a bad mood  so I googled fuck you. I now feel better."
"What I'm screaming when told I have to work 16 hours after being awake for the past 36 hours  and only getting a combined 11 hours of sleep in the past 5 days."
"Cat Overlords"
"Swagrid."
"I enjoyed this."
"Gangnam style"
"So we saw the back vs boat propeller the other day - here is hand vs. paper shredder"
"A Blacked-out Manhattan From the sky"
"New York City And Hurricane Sandy: With The Lights Out; With The Lights On"
"freedom?"
"Now for wrath. Now for ruin. And the red dawn!"
"Lincoln Snake"
"The greatest GIF ever"
"Proclaiming the Beatles"
"How I feel whenever the song &quot;Rolling in the Deep&quot; comes on the radio."
"When I get all the way to the food store during my short lunch break and I realise I forgot my wallet"
"Just Making A Beer Run"
"a generally epic feeling 8-bit moment"
"La la la la MOVE!!!!!"
"I'm trying to sing here  BITCH"
"Every time I try to get fancy with my dance moves.."
"Oh hai there"
"What do you mean?"
"Always in our hearts."
"What I looked like when Gangam Styler Cam on at m School Dance"
"French Soldier in Mali"
"Ha  take that atheists!"
"Coon and Cat [x-post from r/gifs]"
"How I feel watching President Obama's DNC speech"
"How I feel about the recent trend of posting .gifs to r/gonewild"
"Cant Touch Swanson"
"Lightning photo I took a while back"
"Overly Attached Trixie."
"Right Ron"
"Fist thing that came to mind when I saw this gif"
"Swag"
"Now that summer has finally arrived in the UK  this is me whenever I see a cloud in the sky"
"My friend Kyle ran into this guy unexpectedly last night"
"My wife showed me this from pinterest. I won't bury the lead. It's the first tattoo that ever bummed me out."
"Superheroes wash windows at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh!"
"Funny but sad——How internet makes us alienated from each other"
"Meow. mew."
"Me and my girlfriend just chillin"
"Still my favorite gif. Gets me every time."
"How i feel when i wake up in the morning"
"Wait  what about Luigi? (x-post from r/funny)"
"This would be terrifying/amazing on a Halloween acid trip."
"Every once in a while you see something that changes your entire life."
"Maturity"
"Heroes."
"Can you recognize this man?"
"Cat in the desert with no name"
"Getting real tired of your shit"
"Statutory Rape?"
"That's a mighty sneeze"
"Always makes me laugh"
"GANDALFSTYLE!"
"Like a boss"
"Ermahgerd  Sterberks."
"Dont Ya Wish Your Girlfriend Was Hot Like This?"
"Don't cha"
"Bam Bam  Bam."
"When I wake up with out an alarm."
"My preorder of Borderlands 2 was shipped to my billing address  won't get it for another month; this is how I feel"
"The most comfortable place in the house"
"Caption Contest! Winner gets a free upvote"
"Great pic of the skull before it loses it's baby teeth"
"An unlikely meetup: Alice Cooper and Colonel Sanders"
"cross section tissue of a marram grass leaf"
"Not sure what's happening here"
"I'm 7 years old too [Fixed]"
"I'm sure you are  Nick."
"So am I  Nick."
"So my sister got in engaged to her boyfriend of five years last night. When my mom told me  I sent hwr and my sister this."
"Every birthday after 18"
"Koala bear"
"No  it's not an animated gif"
"How to play scout"
"Just an optical illusion"
"Destruction."
"I'm not an environmentalist but this represents a whole lot."
"Wow  imagine seeing this while driving to work."
"4chan Connects the Dots [xpost from r/4chan]"
"When my ex tries to give me a hug after she breaks up with me"
"I've been listening to a lot of Mastodon recently  made me think of this comic."
"a glitch in the matrix"
"After FINALLY beating that boss/level I have been trying on for 3 days"
"MFW I left for work with 180 karma but came home to a post having over 1300"
"I don't follow politics at all. This is all I've been picturing for the past month or so"
"Target acquired."
"Clicking on my ex's FB page late at night"
"When someone purposely starts an argument about politics"
"Please"
"Hola Sunshine!"
"God damn the east coast is going ham!"
"That's a rough storm."
"Up to date photo footage of Sandy"
"Breaking News from New York"
"The only thing that goes through my head when everyone talks about the big jump:"
"Free Falling Felix"
"Crap  another jumping from space gif? I'm out of here..."
"Browsing the front page without logging in  with the default subreddits."
"SuperCat"
"Cat trying to re-enact the jump scene from the matrix..."
"How my attempts at posts go"
"I believe I can fly..."
"I need to get a dog before Halloween..."
"Tonight while visiting the neighborhood taco truck  I was harassed by members of the grammatically incorrect motorcycle gang &quot;Ruff Ryders&quot; all I have to say is.."
"Found it on r/wtf  it would be an awesome melee shiki"
"When I blatantly repost a .gif for the 9 000 000th time under a slightly different title  and I make it to the front page..."
"Hopefully obama wins. For his sake."
"I would give him a buck"
"No more entitlements  Bird."
"Big Bird if Romney gets elected...."
"Big Bird  we're gonna have to let you go."
"Romney says we will shut down PBS if elected. This is what I immediately thought of."
"Yee Peng Festival  Thailand"
"Life is a game"
"Wikipedia entry about Episode VII"
"Smile and you lose...Go!"
"After watching the Series premiere of Revolution"
"War March of the Barrel Rolls"
"The Male Inner Monologue [Fixed]"
"What the electronic cigarette commercials mean to say"
"True Love..."
"I think I'll be visiting the health foods store more often now..."
"Wut?"
"I shall call him  Killer Cat"
"When you're in the theater and a movie has subtitles"
"My neighbour thinks a dog has been crapping in his yard..."
"YouTube at its best"
"When I discovered r/freebies..."
"Fuckin' cats"
"When I see the waiter coming with my food."
"Hey guys check this out!"
"MFW I missed my very first cake day and all that cake day karma..."
"well that's different"
"A squirrel eating pizza in a tree.. (x-post from r/squirrels)"
"someone dear god try this"
"The shit that pops up on FB..."
"The McDonalds Chicken Tender Snake"
"Cage divers confront 20 foot Great White"
"A description of the complicated nature of relationships "
"Kapow!"
"Patrick goes for a different kind of ride..."
"This kid. [Sorry if repost  never saw it before]"
"A stupid news headline. Definitely a 'no shit sherlock' moment."
"Saw this on Facebook.. WTF?"
"Saw this on facebook  looks like my gran's gonna die!"
"I'm such a bad person for not re-sharing this on facebook...maybe reddit will keep her alive?"
"People actually post this"
"Saw this on facebook. WTF?"
"Move your body 2.0"
"When my family wanted to watch Real Housewives of NJ instead of Sunday night Football"
"Drunk guy vs stairs"
"Baby zebra"
"Hawk vs Fox"
"Night Lights"
"Flying around"
"got your back bro"
"Big Brother to the rescue"
"I do this to my cat all the time"
"Don't Mess With The Marines Outside Best Buy"
"Meanwhile at the Reddit headquarters..."
"Jesus  it's as if the cone didn't shame me enough already."
"I just got trolled by the Iron Man Avengers USB flash drive.... [xpost from r/comicbooks]"
"When I heard Clinton got caught checking out Christina Aguilera's cleavage  this isn't what I expected..."
"I knew he was real."
"Poor guy-og."
"How I'll feel when all these fucking kids go back to school and get the fuck off Reddit."
"Can't Touch This"
"How the tin man would've gotten his heart in the 21st century..."
"Guess we don't have to go see the Wizard anymore..."
"[NSFW] Well that was fucking metal."
"Music  this is your fault!"
"My reaction to peeing after sex...."
"The office Hardcore"
"He has seen some war time."
"made me laugh so hard  had to post it."
"I found one of your guys' yearbook photos. Who was it?"
"Disney Princess"
"How I feel as a third year college student arriving at a first year party."
"A little baby giraffe  soo coottee"
"One of the best images I have ever seen on my FB news feed. Love this guy!"
"When I find out yoga pants are banned at my new school"
"Hey guys...it's Myspace."
"What it seems like when I try and talk to a girl..."
"If it fits  it sits..."
"Asian Pregnancy Test"
"Idk"
"I got to say this at the gym today!"
"I...I don't know what is happening."
"Fixing a pipe in Venezuela with a Vuvuzela"
"Me looking at /r/askscience"
"These new spray tan alternatives are getting ridiculous"
"COMBINED  NONE CAN DEFEAT US"
"First thing I thought of when I saw this gif."
"I have had enough of this song"
"Shut up rick"
"Yea  I run into her alot."
"Sucks to be him"
"Me in a house full of women on their periods."
"Arcade boss."
"The jews did this"
"I think I was just insulted by a sweater."
"$207 million in drug money  seized in Mexico by the DEA from methamphetamine dealers. (x-post from r/breakingbad)"
"Every cat's dream."
"Seriously  how!?"
"How I feel when people start down voting my comments."
"All of reddit right now."
"Of all the stuff ever on Spongebob..."
"Mind=Blown"
"And you thought your shadow puppets were impressive"
"True Story"
"The current state of internet humor"
"Vagina is the best engine."
"The soft glow of electric sex gleaming in the window"
"Cant Touch This"
"Love story (The End)!"
"When my friend said OC on 9gag goes to reddit"
"How I feel as a combat Vet while doing my first semester of college."
"Butterfly farts"
"This sums up the south pretty well"
"Nic Cage. As Superman. That is all."
"Sometimes  you need to warn people."
"dam straight.."
"KamehameHA!"
"Quite possibly a repost but this dude is too cool not to repost!!"
"own that shit."
"Literally No Explanation"
"THEY GONE HAM"
"How men pee"
"I see your Mandarin Duck and raise you the Mandarin Dragonet."
"How I feel after getting banned from r/reactiongifs"
"let me just blow this over your way"
"How I feel when I see a &quot;How I feel...&quot;-gif in funny"
"Airline security logic"
"Airplane logic"
"Friendzone Level = $25 000"
"It looked like a bean"
"Lightning storm."
"My friend just made this his profile picture..."
"Cute lizard i think"
"How I feel whenever I win something"
"HUMAN STAHP! x-post from aww"
"After years of needing glasses  this is how I felt after buying a pair today (x-post)"
"you picked a bad parking spot  buddy"
"Seriously creeped out by this gif."
"IN THE FACE!"
"Everything i post on reddit"
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its best."
"Mr Bean"
"my reaction when i found out there was a r/transgender (first post)"
"an unreal set of butt cheeks"
"This isn't even my final form!"
"Ummm..."
"for u trolls"
"As a 15 year old watching the debate..."
"Polar Bear Staring Contest."
"Re-releasing old movies in 3D"
"Every time I try to flirt with a girl"
"The Hood"
"Plays music CDs too! [Fixed]"
"White people"
"Just bought a dildo to keep in my car  you better not cut me off..."
"I really  really had to do this."
"Owls... (x-post r/gifs)"
"the owl farm"
"So... This is a thing now?"
"Going for a ride..."
"Every post on /r/TwoXChromosomes/ in a nutshell."
"Somebody is screwing my wife ."
"When the cashier gives me a dollar instead of 96 cents"
"Choo Choo"
"Kid Takes It Twice For The Team"
"How to catch a bus"
"so quoth my boyfriend  ever the political commentator"
"something about romney's smile"
"They see me rollin'..."
"You will never look at chocolate the same..."
"Oh wait  it's a mouse! I was confused there for a second."
"pizza rolls"
"Having a roommate  I swear I say this daily."
"Damn straight Swayze"
"Our system is as good as yours  so why change it?"
"Imperial vs Metric - makes perfect sense...."
"when i grow up.."
"Best. Toy. EVER."
"Decided to watch The Exorcist at 4 am"
"one of the best bands ever..."
"Keep your eye on the ball."
"Fuck."
"Feelbending?"
"A flower with 80 000 volts running through it"
"You can call me Joe"
"He's 89 and just discovered that his barbershop was totally destroyed by London Riots"
"The True Hero of Goldeneye"
"Poor Penguin [GORE]"
"What happens every time I post"
"Star Wars Cosplay"
"A girl I like said she wants to have sex"
"When your girlfriend agrees to *that* thing"
"Do you feel it yet?"
"Oh Samuel..."
"Think of our son"
"Wonkatme bro!"
"Repost"
"A penguin that balance on a soccer ball!"
"Nicholas Cage in all his glory."
"Not sure why I googled Nicolas Cage baby pictures"
"Caaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
"man with an ENORMOUS mustache"
"Attempted Vice Presidential Swag"
"Ad Council"
"oooOO! Waffles!"
"WAFFLES!!!"
"Michael Jackson in the year 2000"
"My usual view of hivemind."
"Demon fever  man."
"The attempted creation of Grumpy Cat"
"No Tard."
"You should drink more water"
"DJ Cat Scratch"
"How an internet stars is born."
"thats what you get for wearing crocs."
"This man might be the most badass man that has ever lived"
"Best way to avoid a speeding ticket"
"Another one of those days."
"One year of lurking! This sums up most of my time spent on this glorious site."
"I'm lovin it!"
"NDT Meets B.o.B"
"NOPE."
"This is a Great Idea for Halloween Trick or Treators"
"So Dalai Lama was in my hometown of Syracuse today. Looks like they convinced him to wear an SU visor!"
"How I felt doing my duty as a Knight of New for 4 hours tonight..."
"Ultimate Badassery."
"I want to be a hero when I grow up!"
"Whee!!!"
"Did i ever tell you what happened to my kid...?"
"How I imagine Panda Combat in the new WoW Expansion"
"Mortal Kombat!"
"This is how I feel after having most of my recent posts only getting 5 or less upvotes."
"How I feel coming back to reddit post cake day to see my only submission got downvoted."
"How I feel when I realize the date in which you became a Redditor is not your cake day."
"2 weeks into school"
"After finally asking the girl I like to homecoming  she says two days before it  &quot;You know we're going as friends  right?&quot;"
"How I felt getting 6 karma today."
"Whenever I found out Disney is making a Star Wars VII"
"Bathroom Roulette"
"How I felt as a German watching Euro 2012 Finale"
"How I feel as a Jew watching Atheists and Christians attack each other on reddit"
"Season 7 of Supernatural is on Netflix  this is me for the next few days"
"My eye!!!!"
"Success Kid - 5 years later! (x-post r/pastandpresentpics)"
"Looks like success has done the success kid well! (x-post form /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"Realizing that all food doesn't come from boobs"
"Really?"
"Puppy-cup"
"If the cup is of proper size  I will surely sit in it"
"When someone introduces me to a good looking female"
"when i agree with someones comment on my posts"
"4chan delivers again"
"Go deeper."
"Aye lemme holla"
"Who lives in teenage girls underpants!"
"Big Booty Bitches"
"Powerlifting"
"Gave me a 'slight' shock"
"Ladies and gents  meet Beluga the seal-pup"
"When I'm most productive."
"fuck the police."
"hes sailing away"
"Good Guy Steve"
"Asshole"
"When someone asks me what's so great about Reddit"
"Talking to IT service."
"What I've learned from my first few months on Reddit"
"How I feel looking at all the pictures of hoarding going on."
"Thanksgiving as a European"
"Mouse rage."
"Lazy Redditor"
"chicken nuggets"
"i give you the beautiful sport of synchronized swimming..."
"Time... and time again..."
"Had this framed and hung it next to my front door so it's the last thing I see when I leave my apartment. Instant day maker."
"Just a quick shout out to any Redditor who's ever gone out of their way to help a stranger"
"Just a bit of truth for you all  my friends."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Saw this on FB  the Grammar  Is killing me and tearing me apart."
"when people want my up votes"
"Timber"
"WHY?!"
"The worst meatball sandwich"
"Sometimes when I'm sad...."
"Epic as hell."
"Whenever someone tries to get me up for school!"
"It's my cake day."
"Beastie Boys tribute at the airport"
"How I feel when I finish an exam before most people in the lecture hall."
"He thinks he's a witch"
"Oh hi!"
"MAXIMUM INCEPTION."
"I hate it when I get dollar bills like this"
"And here I thought people were more judgmental of strippers."
"The most disturbing picture I have seen in my life!!"
"HOLY FUCK  Jesus was a terrorist.... #prejudice"
"i how felt when i first went /r/spacedicks"
"Patient status: Unavailable"
"Saw this on the train ride home from the bars. &lt;3 is blind"
"Now my brain hurts...[gif]"
"AAGGGGHHHHH !!"
"I can finally see her going counter-clockwise!"
"After the update"
"That's No Moon...."
"After the &quot;upgrade&quot;"
"Reason to never go to McDonalds #846"
"Ronald Loves Children"
"My roommate's reaction to American Horror Story: Asylum"
"Beware of Dog"
"Dedicated to my fellow band geeks"
"Took this pic at a concert yesterday. Comment:)"
"Picked an answer just to see the question  faith in humanity lost..."
"Why.. I ..don't even.. 0_o"
"What would you choose reddit?"
"That's right"
"Special talent"
"OCD."
"No one on the corner...."
"Strange Cocoon (x-post from r/wtf)"
"I know that feelin' bro"
"This Koala is going to rip your face off."
"Does he..."
"how i feel when i finish my HW and blaze it fat..."
"When I finally murdered that fly that's been buzzing around the room for 4 hours."
"How I feel when I put cereal in a bowl  but notice there is no milk."
"How to win over r/atheism and r/gaming in the same gif"
"Hey guys look what I found while out on a walk [OC]"
"I. have. no words."
"Its not the most original sound  but I just realized its my cakeday and I'm in a rush."
"Atheist wins right to wear 'Religious Pasta Strainer' in ID Photo"
"Story of my life"
"My face while taking a dump after eating at Taco Bell"
"I love offensive humor &lt;3"
"Whenever I go to the club these days..."
"That awesome moment when you ace a test without studying..."
"The new Batman film."
"Lower-Case"
"Sibling photobomb at the inauguration"
"Just a dancing midget..."
"i think my girlfriend has talent but shes very shy about it. she drew this what does reddit think?"
"It's never too early to start."
"Justice."
"The time has come"
"Went to go wash my hands when...."
"A hairless rat bathing itself."
"Whenever the top post has been removed by user."
"Got bored and made this today."
"Dragon Grammar"
"When I get home from a dinner at a shady Indian place."
"Good old days"
"In Michigan  Hell has frozen over."
"Yeah  it's really that cold."
"Turducken? Meet cigartroutken - the way the Aussies do things."
"Meanwhile in India"
"All ya gotta do is watch me  look what I can do with my feet!"
"When my wife's not in the mood..."
"soon"
"When my &quot;friend&quot; told me to visit /r/spaceclop"
"5.013 seconds  beat that PUNY HUMANS!!!"
"After fapping to something questionable..."
"Hung-over again... Man i hate these semi-anxiety alcohol attacks."
"How I felt after realizing the girl I just asked out to dinner is a vegan"
"What am I doing here?"
"American Psycho Barracuda"
"Poor Milhouse."
"I have been studying wrong my whole school life."
"Keep back"
"How I feel about Facebook these days"
"At the very least you can say that whatever god might be  if anything  the notion of it is poisionous to society."
"Rethink your drink."
"Is a penis bothering your mind?"
"Fuck God Hates Fags"
"Any time I try to correct my professor"
"Liston.up."
"Contra-ry Shit"
"WTF adventure time."
"ERMAHGERD MAHRER PERPERNS!"
"Mo Farah"
"Intense dolphin"
"This is what I will say just before I die"
"Im a Box"
"Scene at a Apple store today after it opened"
"What? never seen a bird?"
"Goggle cat!"
"70's cat."
"Emotional Scars"
"Whats going on in this aisle?"
"They see me Rollin'"
"Found this in r/gifsound. Thought you guys might enjoy it."
"All Black Mesa posts at the moment...."
"Sums up my first post pretty accurately."
"this subreddit truly is the only place for this. nsfl"
"I would pay to see this"
"Spider web built between antlers"
"Snail have you been drinking? You know better than to drink and slime!"
"Missing Stapler"
"We're a culture  not a costume. This is NOT who I am  and this is NOT okay."
"Bring it on."
"i don't even know what to say..."
"Seriously katie  come on."
"YOLO!"
"When you see it..."
"QWOP Cosplay"
"Taki Dancing"
"Doctor gets swingy."
"Made you look"
"Disney face swap"
"I have officially given up hope in my friends."
"I don't know what kind of swag they're giving away in this booth  but I'm pretty sure I don't want any of it."
"Since we're on the topic of bad tattoos."
"For the nerdy Prostitutes"
"no title needed."
"Life of a Financial Fat Cat"
"R2-Funk2"
"So much easier."
"How I feel when a child falls on its face"
"And then when i tell the woman her husband DOES watch porn  this is how he reacts"
"Look what i saw on a boat ride this afternoon!"
"Mmm bacon fries"
"She probably needs dual action Colgate...."
"my friends cats are not a fan of their costumes"
"so apparently it's National Cat Day  as it is almost Halloween I decided I should post something from the best of both worlds  so here you go"
"United States Air Force Academy Graduation with USAF Thunder Birds (my perspective in 2 years)"
"COINCIDENCE? I think not."
"this guy"
"real men drink real beer. sorry Stella."
"The best face swap I have ever seen!"
"A really quick question"
"cute teacup pig is cute"
"Stop  look and listen."
"When I saw someone on the front page use the same gif as I did."
"ammunition"
"I can haz a strawberry"
"The Birthday Skeleton"
"COCAINE"
"Peekabo"
"Forever alone."
"Halloween costume win"
"Who let the baby use the Power Loader!?"
"How i feel I walk when hot girls pass by."
"Watching volleyball at the Olympics... (x-post from r/reactiongifs)"
"Can anyone tell me what movie this gif is from? I want to watch it and drool over this man."
"My exact feelings for reddit."
"How it feels to find out you have more karma than your friends."
"Well that finally explains a lot."
"The &quot;i&quot; in team"
"There it is."
"To be or not to be black"
"I'm a guy yet I feel impregnated after this."
"Made my first gifsound"
"Baker Cat Quest"
"I'm not sure I've ever seen a picture that so fully captures the power of music. Anybody have the details of this picture?"
"He has the beat"
"Party Like A Wizard"
"Down Boy!!"
"Post a GIF representing the first time you had sex."
"Post a GIF representing the first time you had sex."
"When the sauce won't come out..."
"Damn Ketchup"
"Here come the... Wait  what!"
"ba-con"
"Found this on Facebook  Thought it was worth a chuckle."
"Just because..."
"Follow meeeeeeeee!"
"Lagging Dog"
"Lagging Dog"
"Poor Brian"
"A flying what???"
"Why do I feel this guy came from 4chan..."
"Taste the rainbow pussy"
"Heil Kitler!"
"Science vs Religion - Faith explained"
"Best Faceswap"
"in a parallel universe..."
"Lisa gets it"
"That guy deserves a medal"
"Wording is important."
"I see your dreaded/ hated character  and Raise you THIS dreaded/hated/scary/frustrating/cynical mastermind."
"Biden at the VP debate tonight"
"Actually THIS is possibly the best rap album cover of all time."
"Well that's one interpretation of Easter ...."
"E-reader"
"keep it real"
"Wing-man of the year [Fixed  Permanently]"
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"It had to be done."
"fun at the lake"
"Did not go as planned"
"He's Twilight  meets Carrot Top  meets The Cell."
"Excellent Execution"
"I truly cannot think of a title. NSFW"
"Kissing with tongues..."
"Mussolini's Italian Fascist Party's Headquarters"
"They did so much for us.."
"Finally found some Facebook wonders."
"Like the slam dunks of cats"
"0.o"
"We are all sick of Nancy's shit"
"Um...what???"
"O"
"Ah yes. This makes all of the sense."
"No wonder why Episode 3 isn't coming out."
"Monkey riding a pig!"
"I'm going to majorly apologize ahead of time if this has already been posted on here.... But I cannot tell you how awesome it would be if we all actually did this."
"2012"
"waking up and finding out class is cancelled"
"Rebellious foster kitten escapes infirmary"
"Never give up kitty."
"Bowling Level: Asian"
"can you read this?"
"Hitting some OG Kush after a 6 month T break"
"Listening to music while browsing reddit produced this"
"Baby otters"
"Saw this in r/funny.. thought it belonged here too..."
"Wish this was my kid! Daddy should be proud!"
"I cringe at the thought."
"Other-world problems."
"Found this on FB  not sure if I'd go watch it for laughs.."
"I spent way to much time on this..."
"Somebody kidnapped first place"
"My throne."
"I WANNA TOOS THAT SALID! LOL EXCALADED QUICKLY!1"
"I dont know. What I just saw."
"Medical advances"
"When my friend says his friend showed him 30 grams of weed in a school bathroom."
"Typical reddit experience (using cat gifs)"
"WHAT THE FUCK THAT BITCH JUST GRABBED IT I MEAN HE JUST GRABBED IT"
"Firestarter."
"i'm a bunny"
"This literally happens when im with my friends and this song comes on"
"15-week-old walrus rescued from the open ocean off Alaska finds home."
"Tony Hawk is on Reddit now!!"
"This guy cracks me up!"
"I can't be the only one sitting on the edge of my seat for this &quot;gift.&quot;"
"Canadian's outlook on their tsunami headed to Hawaii."
"Groovy"
"Who said it? Mitt Romney or Mr. Burns?"
"Supercell Thunderstorm Forming Into a Wall Cloud."
"Gotta Nuke 'Em All"
"For my first cakeday I give you my favourite gif. Enjoy Reddit."
"My friends cat.(x-post)But I think he's so cute he deserves another picture"
"Every sysadmin's nightmare."
"Hits the Spot"
"How I feel browsing r/askscience"
"My face when I'm waiting for guildwars2 Halloween"
"Please tell me someone remembers this game"
"my reaction when visiting r/WTF"
"Whenever I browse /r/all and realize that reddit is terrible"
"Parenting win/fail?"
"I think my brain just imploded."
"Where we are in the Universe"
"Earth's Huge Dent in the Universe"
"- Enjoying a Corona on my roof deck with some good friends here in San Francisco"
"This stuffed lion can still be viewed in a Swedish castle  it was a gift that died and was later stuffed by a taxidermist who had never seen a lion. He winged it... Note the large flat teeth that the lion uses to grind flesh off its' prey."
"My Sense of Humour"
"Squidworld was too depressing  so I made this."
"My favorite gif"
"This is brilliant"
"Magnificent noble old oaks"
"Sense - This bag makes none."
"Being downvoted to oblivion after attempting to repost an image that previously front-paged"
"It's really impressive all the weight i see people lose on reddit lately  but to tell you the truth..."
"So much aww it hurts my face"
"Father of the year award goes to..."
"it's things like these that piss me off"
"Well... That escalated quickly"
"Web Bear runs off the buss"
"Adopted"
"Newborn piglet makes a friend."
"I'll see your Wal-Mart review and raise you a Wendy's review."
"As a person with a patchy beard  this is how feel during no shave November."
"When I realized I got nearly 300 karma for a random comment I made..."
"As a new redditor..."
"Proof"
"Proof"
"I'm too poor to shoot you!"
"Meanwhile in North Dakota.."
"Meanwhile in North Dakota.."
"Meanwhile in North Dakota..."
"My search for a Halloween costume is complete!"
"wtf Spiderman!"
"My brains default thought"
"Ahoy mateys! I be reckoning Captain Obama did win this here speak like a pirate day."
"What you look like to Activision"
"Fronds..."
"Very non chalant"
"Question Everything?"
"Eating frosting off my body"
"The icing on the cake"
"Disciprin. A powerful thing."
"catfish!"
"Last supper."
"Just clowning around"
"Pikachu at level 1000"
"This guy deserves to get the crapped kicked out of him"
"A weaboo finally finds a way to be happy for a low price"
"Clear water boat looks like its floating on air"
"Clear water boat looks like its floating on air (Pic)"
"The daily delivery to the internets"
"Idiot people Idiot things"
"My reaction when I hear a fly in my room."
"Little girl and a painting"
"le techno viking wants SATISFACTION."
"Not the best idea?"
"I almost died laughing. [PIC] [Breaking Bad]"
"How I feel seeing all these 8AM class posts as an ROTC cadet who has to be up at 4AM for PT"
"Didn't see that coming..."
"Go to the pet shop  go to the petshop  go to the petshop..."
"My first Gary Larsen comic is still my favorite"
"tearing away the social fabric"
"The monkey flower...."
"see if you can find it. but don't tell"
"3Tard Moon"
"My Little Pony?"
"No. 1 reason why I love to play Airhockey with chicks"
"This kills the crab"
"Like I give a fuck"
"Not a single fuck was given that day."
"Why Japan why"
"The Blue Dragon (Glaucus atlanticus)  one of the world’s rarest and most beautiful mollusks."
"White people"
"It's you and me."
"I call your big spoon prease and raise big spoon pready prease."
"I just received a subpoena to court on a vehicular manslaughter case. Nervous about testifying."
"I've been waiting a year to post this"
"Man proposes to girlfriend in front of entire StarTrek cast  gets real Picard Facepalm"
"Fall from stairs like a bossy boss"
"Baby Goat Mosh Pit"
"The joys of living in rural Ohio"
"Frozen fall"
"When a post gets more than five upvotes."
"Whenever I have to write a paper..."
"Trippy the cat"
"King of the playground."
"Cat loves being tossed"
"Yep  that looks about right"
"How I feel hearing about Google going after Apple"
"My reaction to discovering r/gonewild"
"We should BAN life jackets"
"Life jackets"
"This needs more support."
"Shaved Bear"
"Well played"
"I don't think that's what he was trying to do"
"Gabe Newell portrait"
"Training Wheels."
"Dad teaching his kid to bike"
"Reddit Parenting"
"SO.MUCH.CUTE."
"HurryCane [Fixed]"
"The new breed of superheros"
"To The Rescue!"
"Best. Cosplay. Ever."
"This Cat want to fly..."
"Cool Pythagorean Theorem Demo [x-post from r/gifs]"
"War Z is copying more than just Day Z (x-post from /r/leagueoflegends)"
"I see your favorite .gif  and raise you mine."
"kitty"
"Reddit  meet Biscuit!"
"That's enough Internet for one day"
"Oh hai there!"
"Para whaling."
"Beautiful Barcelona"
"My speciality is roofing"
"Only overly manly men have pictures of overly manly men on their walls"
"This acronym is a stroke of genius"
"He's always watching"
"Anybody remember those old Magic eye books?"
"KNUFFELTJE KNUFFEL?"
"How I feel as an Apple Retail employee who requested off 9/21-9/23 over 6 months ago."
"A BBC NATURE FAVOURITE WOW! This is an incredible photograph using the latest cutting edge technique of cross polarization!!! MUST SEE MACRO!!! (2048 x 1365)"
"Sweet Men in Black Dreams"
"A member of /r/aww"
"Reddit's addiction"
"What am I doing with my life?"
"Nailed it (fixed)"
"This has to be one of my favourite web comics ever."
"Plead guilty  I dare you!"
"How I feel when I go to leave a comment and someone else already posted what I was going to say."
"You guys sure do type fast..."
"Trolling: Panda level"
"Pandas are assholes."
"Louis C.K. on minorities"
"What doesn't kill Mario..."
"The horror.."
"I wonder what he smells like?"
"Think ill just leave this here"
"Falcon PUNCH!"
"Realizing that you're the 3rd wheel"
"I Had To Borrow My Friends Thumb Drive  I Found This Pic Of Him"
"I found this amusing"
"I'm babysitting my niece and this is pretty much how its gong."
"Tell em'"
"This seems more fitting than the other"
"Saw this on facebook"
"Tron Kitteh"
"*save game corrupted*"
"When the Google Doodle is not playable."
"Wut?"
"When I sit by the kid in class that knows what they are doing"
"An 18 wheeler full of fish parts wrecked. (graphic?)"
"18 wheeler full of fish guts wrecked"
"Not today  bitch!"
"I wish I could honestly think in my head girls wish that happened to them except for..."
"Here is a badass combo with an explosion."
"TIL Ed O'Neill is a fucking legend."
"When I expect to drink regular soda and I taste diet"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"Why I love Ron Swanson"
"Who needs swag..."
"The things that pop up on my facebook feed"
"13 million dollar bank statement left in cafe with message."
"Browsing GOP's forum  i found this"
"this is sooo adorable"
"You're fuckng weird  Jesus."
"For my cakeday  one of those things that I thought was a plant is now eating the biggest fish in some guy's office tank..."
"I don't believe in global warming."
"Over 100 years ago  a team of the finest minds in the land gathered to try and predict what might happen over the next century. Some great reading."
"so I think I've just found my halloween costume..."
"is there actually a market for this?"
"I got this guy's bar tab if I ever meet him and he's drinking top shelf all night long."
"Incredible photo of a supercell"
"KAMEHAME..."
"TUNNLE SNAKES RULE!"
"What it feels like at work every day"
"A single fuck was given."
"I'll just rub this here..."
"Excellent  shouldn't take long to apprehend them then."
"i see you guys say yolo and think about this"
"Abracadabra"
"If you dont think my shirt is funny.. You might be right..."
"MJ + ET 4eva"
"haters gonna hate"
"interesting askreddit questions"
"Let me in!"
"Secret Rooms?"
"Try Out My New Box?"
"SHIT SHIT SHIT... DID YOU SEE THAT!"
"theres no doubt about it  the internet will break"
"This made me awww too much"
"Adorable"
"A young chimp in jean shorts just bottle feeding a tiger cub..."
"ALL DAY LONG Scout  Sniper  and Engi dream of sex!"
"Seen a lot of these face swaps lately  so I googled it. Not disappointed."
"How I felt during the debate tonight."
"The presidential debate tonight"
"Cat tongue (misplaced in /r/wtf)"
"Simon Amstell on Attacking Religion"
"The battle has already been won.."
"HAPPY NEW YEARS ERR'BODY!"
"So I herd u liek kittans"
"So i herd u liek kittans"
"Radio Active Chernobyl Puppy"
"When the sun comes out in Ireland it should be national holiday"
"No  not her..the other one"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"This changes everything..."
"Party Hard"
"How to tell if something is HTML5 or not.."
"&quot;french fry&quot;"
"&quot;french fry&quot;"
"All is well"
"whenever someone posts a sad story on Reddit"
"Sweet Dreams Little One &lt;3"
"Strange costume choice"
"Can Obama Do this? I don't think so."
"Colorado Springs  CO. 11/7/1012"
"Spider-man Swagger"
"Thirsty?"
"Yes"
"Nobody. Nobody says you have to have fur to be cute."
"Come on  reddit! We can do this!"
"Chris browns new tattoo"
"bwah bwah bwah bwaaaah"
"BIIIIIIIIIICH"
"Beware!"
"25 self portraits drawn on 25 different drugs"
"Dubdog"
"I laughed so hard"
"So that's how rainbows are made huh?"
"It took me a while to figure it out..."
"Cat's got his tongue"
"Nice champagne from China"
"I'm sure there is some kind of scientific taxonomy for this species  but as far as I'm concerned this is a Dick Fish."
"Sleepy kitten"
"Too much cute"
"That Wednesday at work feeling.. - Imgur"
"Who needs an air strike when you have the power of lightening? [x-post]"
"r/Naruto's reaction to anything Kakashi related (no spoiler... I don't promise anything about the comments though... Please use spoiler tags if you do)"
"So I googled how to get karma on /r/wtf..."
"Romney and Obama behind the scenes before the first presidential debate"
"Pencil sharpener."
"Me? Koala? When?"
"Touch the rainbow!"
"The future starts now!"
"Slender Man gone Gangnam Style"
"Slenderma.... Wait ...whaaaaaa?"
"Oppan slender style"
"It works."
"Resourcefulness"
"Original caption was &quot;Talk about ingenuity!&quot;  but does any else feel kind of depressed after viewing this picture?"
"This is one of my friends detention slips..."
"My sister's a high school math teacher. I can't think of a better reason to give a detention."
"I Can't Help But Feel This Way Every Time I Log On"
"How I feel as a European on reddit."
"After years of learning US history  nothing explains World War I to me as well as this does"
"I just.. I don't even..."
"Why would someone use an umbrella?"
"Perscheid on death making the martyr"
"Describe religion with one picture..."
"Hello? Kitty"
"I'm not into soccer  but this is pretty damn funny."
"when I realise that I have an assignment due tomorrow and its Sunday night"
"When I clear my browsing history and all the purple links go blue again..."
"When Reddit found out I am both Catholic and Conservative."
"Me Reading Every NHL Lockout Article"
"So  found this on google images"
"Baby Bonzai and his bib."
"not Big Bird. Ain't no one fuck wit B-Bird"
"Nothing made me flinch more than one of these bad boys."
"Cow shaped hot air balloon lands in traffic"
"What is politics? Baby  don't tax me. Don't tax me. No more."
"Betta have my money."
"How I felt after learning to ride a bike with no hands..."
"To whomever says ''I was going to comment that'' responding to another comment"
"Seeing everyone's Halloween costumes on the front page"
"jiggle it"
"How I hoped cakeday would feel"
"He'd be doing something everyday!"
"If Romeo and Juliet were on Facebook"
"She's doing it right."
"The first time i gave head  she said be &quot;gentle...&quot;"
"Doctors can do anything nowadays."
"Meanwhile in Chernobyl"
"A Jewish Jihadi"
"After requesting more information from a car dealer online"
"Meet your god"
"Ladies  you know the feeling."
"Cake! And all that ... wait  what did you say?"
"Punk ass"
"Moo."
"What I'd feel like with a penis"
"Shit."
"How I feel as a 23 year old waiting for new episodes..."
"Even if you dislike the military  this is no way to act at a place of memorial  even if it's just as a joke. As a European this really makes my blood boil."
"I have never had the urge to punch a girl until i saw this picture."
"My friend improved the new Robocop look a bit."
"You'll never have to go to Red Lobster again."
"How I feel about Doomba"
"When I see a post on the front page less than an hour after being posted"
"How it feels getting 200+ upvotes in 15 minutes"
"fuck the system"
"Fallout [1920x1080]"
"Badass kid"
"Cha Cha again"
"Do you believe in magic?"
"It's not all bad in Australia."
"How I feel when someone reposts my shit."
"I'm sorry."
"Pretty sure he pronounced it correctly"
"Coincidence ?"
"WTF is this!"
"I have no idea what this is and I dont know if I want to know."
"Best GIF ever [NSFW]"
"Impressive work Johnny!"
"It's a meow-ster piece."
"Funny TV subtitle..."
"The Perfect Counter Protest for October 3rd"
"Seeing as this has appeared twice on my frontpage  let's go for thrice."
"Lets run!"
"QWOP In real life"
"Realistic QWOP"
"How I feel on my first cakeday."
"Why you shouldn't ride in a car being pushed by a sled."
"My new favorite Romney supporter."
"I can't think of a good title for this...."
"Something needs to be done with this picture"
"Something needs to be done with this picture"
"Not really the photo you want representing your campaign..."
"I love Romney SO much."
"How I know NBC really does lean towards Obama. (From nbcnews.com's homepage)"
"soooo trippy. difficult to see what's REALLY there"
"Downhill"
"Accurately labeled hotel toiletries [FIXED]"
"the new Hitlerbook"
"Light slowed down. I hope you like the song choice /r/gifsound."
"THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER I LOVE EVERYONE"
"Wow"
"Wow"
"Tripped me out for a good 5 minutes"
"Fruit owl."
"How I feel as an atheist in the UK"
"How I feel watching my comment karma slowly but surely drop as I argue a troll who has backup"
"I insulted dubstep and got -19 karma on the comment"
"Cat in the Hat Jr."
"Well.. That escalated quickly.."
"well then..."
"Well that escalated quickly....."
"Tickle Tickle~"
"My reaction today when I found out that How I Met Your Mother is narrated by Bob Saget."
"Photobombing Jesus! [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Someone left me a nice surprise in the Qdoba bathroom"
"So I walked into the bathroom at Bob Evans..."
"Remeber the days of rabbit ears"
"Makes me want to donate to their cause..."
"Just me browsing /r/new"
"When my friend beats me at something"
"Eat it!"
"Meet me at the ice cream truck..."
"Checked out /spacedicks today...why didn't I listen..."
"When I touch the bathroom doorknob and it is wet"
"What I look like when I wake up and someone tells me to do something"
"An interesting combination."
"Stereotypes are bad"
"Internet Gold. I can't stop laughing."
"I just can't get over how embarrassingly cringe-worthy this photo of Paul Ryan is."
"Happy V-day from Heavy!"
"BEST FACE SWAP"
"The Only Stool For A Bagpiper"
"Dat ear"
"Clumsy Jesus"
"This was in my newsfeed....."
"Oh Patrick"
"My friend just posted this on Facebook"
"I can't help but laugh... I'm going to hell"
"My name is Gangsta"
"My God...what have I done?"
"I had several potential captions for this picture  but I want to see what you guys can come up with."
"You mean that's not really Lara Croft?"
"Meet the Eucalyptus Deglupta. [PIC]"
"Coochie coochie coo!"
"Bill Murry... That is all..."
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"4000 Children die everyday because..."
"Where's the baby?"
"Someone get this man the best medal there is"
"Oh god the awkward..."
"Americans can keep their horses  we got something better!"
"My boss thinks I'm the only person who would have this photo as my wallpaper. Surely she's wrong?"
"Every time I see a Pokemon reference…"
"The butt genie"
"Om Nom Nom"
"Just chillin'... (x-post r/gifs)"
"Pressure"
"Stupid techy Flanders"
"I would watch this show"
"Anon on fighting"
"intervention"
"This is how I feel every time I browse r/new."
"L.E.D. Zeppelin"
"I love my job (x-post from r/funny)"
"10 guy"
"10 guy plays poker like a champ."
"Good old Facebook never disappoints"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Moar please."
"I thought they smelled bad on the outside. [gore][nsfw][nsfl]"
"Scumbag Hitler"
"waka waka"
"Lord Of The Fozzies"
"THIS Futurama episode makes me teary."
"This one beats every gif out there."
"Victory Screech!!!"
"Sometimes  imgur URLs amuse me so."
"GF just sent me this  figured reddit would enjoy."
"My feelings exactly."
"The vice presidential debate in one photo"
"A priceless photo from the current vice-presidential debate."
"Reuters with an amazing Biden picture"
"Biden vs. Ryan"
"In order to find his equal  an Irishman is forced to talk to god!"
"I CAN'T DEAL WITH ALL THIS MALARKEY!"
"Must be a pretty important phone call"
"Let's go party."
"oh Keira Knightley"
"The swag... it's out of this world."
"How I feel when someone tells me &quot;happy cake day&quot;"
"Not sure if this has already been posted  but relevant all the same."
"The face of God"
"Found on random imgur"
"Use your brain (NSFW)"
"Classic..."
"Awkward..."
"Christmas recital cut short by snotty kid."
"The awkward moment when someone makes fun of you for being a turtle..."
"Dog giving attitude"
"Well i just laughed for 10 minutes straight."
"My favorite .gif for my favorite day  my cakeday."
"And so it begins... [x-post from /r/pics]"
"You know those minor embarrassing moments that you just never really forget?"
"Ministry of Silly Walks (aww edition)"
"Kung Fu frog"
"Work process in a nutshell"
"He thinks he's people"
"&quot;OffShore Holdings&quot;"
"Bump"
"Dammit America! My Friday night ended 6 hours ago... This is how i feel"
"What does it mean?"
"I think I need to ask for a banana suit for Christmas..."
"Meanwhile at the death star....."
"Oh Spongebob  you never get old."
"Oppa Kitteh Style!"
"Gangnam Cat!"
"My childhood has become really mature..."
"Front flip onto a skateboard"
"Well... That's awkward..."
"The last beer pong"
"I'd watch it"
"So this was on my newsfeed"
"This cracked me up."
"Artist turns dead cat into a helicopter for &quot;art&quot;"
"cat-copter"
"Flying cat!"
"Water thrusting jetpack"
"Right in the middle of a glorious dream."
"Swag Overload"
"When I realized that I have more karma than all of my friends"
"Note to Self"
"The best medication"
"Doctors orders"
"I stumbled upon this image"
"How I feel when I give out upvotes"
"Googled &quot;What is Reddit?&quot;....... Was not disappointed."
"When I am redditing drunk(gif)"
"Negative image produces vivid color in black and white photo."
"sorcery the likes of which I have never seen"
"This sign was posted in the dorms at my university"
"I guess this was a problem"
"When you get a late night text from the girl you like"
"Obama what is love."
"I want to break up."
"nope  nothing unusual here... carry on"
"Honestly..."
"Enjoy Whack-a-Kitty (for my cake day)"
"Whack-a-kitty (no kittens were harmed)"
"I suggested that this gif be modified for reddit purposes; Airjavier (a skateboarding policeman?) did not disappoint"
"I love Bill Hader."
"When you see it"
"I WANTED WAFFLES?"
"When I'm browsing Reddit and realize I left a boiling pot on the stove."
"What a national tragedy looks like after 100 years"
"What a national tragedy looks like after 100 years"
"A pic I found a long time ago  one show that won't be the same."
"They sound serious..."
"How Japanese people catch octopuses..."
"Breakups....."
"Haters Gonna Hate (Fixed)"
"Jim Harbaugh  coach of the San Francisco 49ers  is mad."
"Proof That Red Bull Stratos Jump Was Faked"
"Monster Tasmanian King Crab"
"When the video is over 7 min long in r/videos"
"Homework"
"She's going to be on tosh.0!"
"When somebody's post is multiple pages of text"
"I actually did stuff today..."
"American gothic IRL"
"Googled &quot;Worlds Smallest Girl&quot; and Google Images did not disappoint... Just why?"
"How i imagine people who downvote comments which don't match their point of view."
"HOW DARE U?"
"True love is indestructable"
"That's pretty serious..."
"That's pretty serious..."
"Om nom nom nom"
