"How I feel on r/atheism"
"Sheet Music for the Star Spangled Banner (Sporting Event Version)"
"i'll have the obama roll  with extra wasabi"
"trollcat"
"Puss with troll."
"This cat knows how to troll (x-post from /r/catgifs)"
"Troll Cat"
"I told you  Don't touch my tail!"
"At least she tried"
"life is unfair"
"The look on her face was the winner for me"
"As the owner of a turtle on Reddit.."
"jaBronies"
"nerd stereotype overload"
"In there? But... it's cold"
"In there? But... it's cold"
"If I get any Otter  I'm jumping in there."
"If it gets any Otter  I'm jumping in there."
"Baby Otter!"
"Selfie Level: Asian"
"the best travel companion"
"Epic self-shot picture!"
"Selfie Stick"
"Asians..."
"Protecting them early on is a good thing"
"Baby Anteater!"
"Katy Perry with a fan [fixed]"
"What's your favourite brand of rice  Spiderman?"
"Man up  Peter."
"Poor Peter Parker"
"Favourite brand of rice?"
"This always made me chuckle..."
"I lawled but it also made me sad."
"Badass Level: Tattoo-faced Maori Businessman"
"Fire"
"Man breathing a giant fireball"
"Ball of Fire"
"Family guy"
"Resistance having proved futile  I gave in and googled zombie bacon toaster cat"
"Meanwhile in Russia [NSFW]"
"Please Help! Broke Need Glasses But Have To Re-Home My Cat First."
"Meanwhile  in British politics"
"Meanwhile  in British politics (via @The7thChamber)"
"Really?"
"What actually happened"
"Lived happily ever after"
"Once upon a time..."
"I hate getting cravings for things that don't exist anymore. Anyone else wish these would come back?"
"What I wouldn't do to drink fire again.."
"RAWWWWRRRRUUHhhhh oh"
"&quot;Get back here  I'm not done with you yet!&quot; *crash*"
"&quot;Get back here  I'm not done with you!&quot;"
"Misheard the name of a company and unknowingly researched the wrong one. This is basically how the interview went."
"I told him. He Didn't Listen"
"Crafty Orca!"
"I've made a huge mistake"
"if you park like this..."
"If you park like this you're awesome"
"Bike is doing everything right X-post pics"
"I Don't Need A Receipt For A Doughnut"
"Licks"
"Unlikely Friends"
"How to get a lady friend"
"Black baby for sale... I think they a word."
"I've had enough tumblr."
"Just another reason why Hemingway is one of my favorite writers."
"Guess she likes X-Men ( nsfw mby )"
"That looks painful"
"A Die Hard Wolverine Fan?"
"When you go swimming and the water is too cold"
"Dat ass  or how I learned to stop worrying and love the muffin top."
"Going for that &quot;high school&quot; skinny look [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Do you really think that's attractive?!"
"I see your Walmart and raise you my local ASDA."
"Shes sexy and she knows it"
"Someone is Going to Hell for this Joke"
"Good on you Jim."
"seriously... WTF!! (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Good on you  Kavil. - Queensland Rail"
"Trippy or migraine-inducing?"
"Ow  my vision."
"Mindfuck GIF"
"So this is how you get eye cancer..."
"monster on the train"
"The problem with public transportation"
"Brace your souls in the satanic public transportation"
"When the top comment is a hilarious and clever reply"
"How I feel about the season premiere as a Ukrainian"
"What is this? I don't even"
"One of my &quot;suggested friends&quot; on Facebook..."
"PLEASE...DON'T...AHHH..shit..now I'm stuck...fuck fuck fuck fuck..."
"Like Starcraft... for scientists"
"Not quite what I thought I'd be learning in my math class."
"So.. I found this"
"When a girl starts talking to me about her period."
"Favorite GIF of all time"
"Your mother was a bitch."
"Say my name bitch!"
"not today..."
"You wanna go?"
"My first time with a girl"
"Finding out Steam is down!!!!!!!"
"Am I the only one who finds this a bit extreme."
"My wifes reaction when I leave the toilet seat up."
"How I feel when my friends force me into watching a scary movie"
"Baby Ruth!?!?"
"I don't own a cat or have kids  so here's a cute baby sloth on my B-day."
"Head shot"
"Boooooom Headshot!"
"Lost my dog this week  this hit me really hard."
"Dancing Spider"
"Who is that handsome devil?"
"Wut"
"Steve Irwin"
"How I feel when I make a post that doesn’t get to the front page  but doesn’t get downvoted into oblivion either."
"Went to a drive through then hit slow traffic  my reaction"
"guitar shop bathroom"
"I can imagine Bill Gates has said this"
"Back into the bush."
"Every time a girl shows interest in me"
"My reaction to seeing a penis in a movie or anything that isn't a porn"
"Downvotes?...okay."
"How I felt when I deleted my facebook"
"As a North Carolinian"
"My Simpsons Collection."
"Charles Carreon..."
"When I see someone in full diamond"
"Me after hearing the girl I've been dating is pregnant by her old bf"
"Whenever Obama get's a marijuana legalization question."
"My coworkers started talking about religion..."
"Perfect Aim"
"Forever a cutie"
"Guess FoxNews was right..."
"Ironic  ain't it?"
"when my friends and i play Plague..."
"He's finally done it"
"The joys of picking your own character name [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Moon and Venus over Switzerland (x-post from /r/EarthPorn)"
"That's nothing (4chan...)"
"Is it time to take a shower?"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Me when I try to compliment a hilarious front page link"
"Typed &quot;Cute nail designs&quot; and this came up..."
"/r/spacedicks"
"So I walked in on my parents"
"A zebra bustin' some moves (perfect match)"
"How I feel when I click on a post where the gif isn't hosted on imgur"
"Every time I read 'an arrow to the knee' Skyrim reference"
"How I feel when almost all my Facebook friends share something I seen on reddit nearly 3 months ago."
"Every time a car passes me dangerously and they have a bike rack on the back."
"When I see &quot;This&quot; as a response"
"MFW I saw the Total Recall preview"
"I hate to be a such a cynic  but this is how I feel looking at 90% of the content on the front page recently. (I'm looking at you r/funny  r/advice animals  parents of daughters  and food industry employees)"
"How i feel when my clever comment gets downvoted."
"Brazil reminds the world that there is more to life than medals..."
"A reason to watch the Olympics (NSFW)"
"I love Brasil"
"Don't mess with pigeons"
"How I feel when I ask my kids if they need help with their homework."
"Made me feel nice  hope it does the same for you too. (can also be considered funny or something else)"
"hey listen"
"It made me smile for the first time in a long time."
"Hey listen"
"Polite Canadian bear"
"Self esteem bear"
"Having fun in the kitty cave"
"Dear hunters!"
"Fuck this - I'm Walking!"
"I want one"
"I googled &quot;kebab&quot;"
"Poor Guy..."
"Let's play a game"
"Let's play a game..."
"Let's play a game..."
"Awwww yeah...."
"Palpable contentment."
"Slo-mo catch"
"backpacks"
"BOOOM HEAD SHOT"
"This was the best analogy I could come up with for how winter arrived today..."
"I hate when this happens"
"New Day = 10 New Gifs For You Guys"
"This gif is hilarious  but what's the story behind it?"
"I feel so sorry for this kid"
"Trying to prove a point on the internet..."
"Incoming airstrike!"
"When someone has a really strong opinion on reddit"
"How it feels most of the time to post something on reddit..."
"Still my favorite gif"
"How I feel complimenting a girl in the comments on reddit."
"For some reason I find myself watching this to many times in a row"
"My fear when I mispronounce a word while reading to the class..."
"How I feel accidentally x-post something."
"When I critisize or make fun of the bible in r/christianity"
"Why it probably isn't the best idea to quote the bible on Reddit."
"Trying to explain yourself in one of your posts  only to be greeted with downvotes."
"I made a downvote gif"
"STFU"
"Front of the class"
"How I feel about /r/redditgetsdrawn being flooded with new requests"
"Wanted to make a cake day post  but this is how I imagine it would go."
"What I feel like when I'm at the gym"
"What I feel like on Reddit (fixed)"
"This photo shits american patriotism."
"A day in the life of a Mandalorian bounty hunter."
"A day in the life of a Mandalorian bounty hunter."
"A day in the life of a Mandalorian bounty hunter: A photo story"
"Tried to send a rage face....."
"Homer Escalator"
"Wait.. What system is this for again?"
"Where can I buy this?"
"You are not going to believe what my dog did to my homework"
"Dog flash drive [gif]"
"You are not going to believe what my dog did to my homework..."
"Pool Prankster"
"Kittens aren't the most graceful creatures"
"This kitten must have two left paws"
"What would happen if you got stung..."
"I... I just couldn't bring myself to swim with that."
"Not a single fuck given"
"If you cross the street like this  fuck you"
"When my 4 year old says I make the best scrambled eggs in the world..."
"bee crash"
"Mid-air bee collision"
"Every time I fly a helicopter in Battlefield 3"
"Bee fails to make the landing"
"Without fail  the greatest collision"
"Meow. [X-post from r/pics]"
"Mesmereyes"
"Atheism has led to the greatest form of cruelty and violations of justice..."
"&quot;the lake isnt as fun as a waterpark you say? well i'll show you&quot;"
"Why on earth would you get this?"
"Hi! I'm..."
"In case you were wondering  this is how you do it"
"It is what it is: A Skiing Ostrich"
"cruisin"
"I'm an Ostrich  Bitch!"
"Haters gonna hate"
"an ostrich skiing?"
"Ostriches gon' ostracize."
"I'm at a loss of words"
"Just an Ostrich Skiing."
"Not a single one....."
"uuhhh. . .. . .. . ..whiskey tango fostrichtrot"
"Get out of my way i am an ostrich"
"TIL ostriches are fucking pros at snowboarding"
"Like I give a fuck"
"Sonic the... Ostrich?"
"Ostrich is Hugging the turns."
"I'M AN OSTRICH MOTHERF***ERS"
"Whatcha lookin' at"
"Canada! What is this black magic!?"
"What is going on in Canada"
"Treestars!"
"The ultimate prank."
"Haaaaaaaay!"
"When I read arguments in the comments"
"How I feel being a North Carolinian Redditor and seeing all of this sudden NC hate."
"I think this pretty much sums up the Chick-fil-a protests."
"some years after global warming.."
"Promoting energy conservation in college dorms"
"How my girlfriend looks reading 50 Shades of Grey"
"when the teacher announces a pop quiz"
"Found this wonderful piece of art work on the interwebs"
"Sometimes 4chan has a hard time expressing their emotions"
"The only way to clean your cat"
"STAHP"
"Human... stahp."
"I hope this isn't a repost  it's new to me and gave me a mild wtf reaction..."
"Cute kitty cries for help"
"HUMAN... STAHP."
"really?"
"Stahp"
"The only way to clean your cat"
"The only way to clean your cat"
"One shot"
"It all makes sense now..."
"The Most Interesting Picture in the World (on a horse)"
"The day the earth stood still..."
"I don't always smell like a man  but when I do I stay thirsty...?"
"Words...Can not Describe..."
"but .. it's sparkling !"
"Mighty fine popcorn."
"Oh look at that!"
":("
"I remember when my brother and I fought over who got to play this on my mom's first cell phone."
"Listen up engineering students."
"not sure if i should post to gifs or wtf"
"This needs to become a thing (x-post r/gifs)"
"My face whenever I read a debate on /r/politics"
"My physics exam today"
"Every time I try to start a Spiderman thread."
"Just found this on my external hard drive."
"Reaching through a house"
"Street art in Germany..."
"Bob Marley and Jimi Hendrix playing soccer backstage before a show."
"New spin-off perhaps?"
"Solo is hard..."
"Kari grinds up some snake"
"Daytime talk shows summed up"
"America"
"Marketing vs Reality"
"Marketing vs Reality..."
"It would be funny if it weren't to tragic."
"Some men are real gentlemen."
"Dat Ass"
"Don't get discouraged when you fail your first time"
"Try something new and don't give a fuck if people think you suck at it"
"BOXCAT"
":3"
"Just a cat in a box."
":3"
"And the difference is?"
"That's freaky to imagine"
"Reddit users"
"poor kitty"
"All the ladies want it"
"Children's story books at their best."
"Internet is like ancient egypt"
"pretty much"
"Toaster Level: Would Buy"
"What a lovely war!"
"We've Got Our Self's a Badass Here [x-post from r/history]"
"College Back-to-School Store"
"It's always watching..."
"God is my Co-pilot"
"Jesus take the wheel"
"I don't understand why I'm friends with these people on Facebook..."
"Facebook will stop Kony"
"How I feel every time I open a bible belt link..."
"The reason I stopped making eye contact at the dog park.."
"I'm not saying that instrumental rationality is bad... just that it (by definition) does not constitute a moral framework in and of itself."
"Women that have a gender identity outside of the home will have failing marriages."
"War Logic"
"Found this on FB. It makes my brain hurt."
"My thoughts on all &quot;God&quot; Pictures on FB"
"Morgan Freeman"
"Beneath."
"Browsing random on imgur. I thought this was pretty cool."
"Two years later..."
"That's new.(x-post from r/pokemon no seriously why was it there.)"
"i almost feel bad for him..."
"It's an old gif  but I can't stop but say... fuck..."
"The Manifestation Was Awesome."
"Here Kitty  Kitty  Kitty..."
"Fishing for bacon"
"So  I googled Paula Dean. I am satisfied."
"WTF  y'all?"
"Hey  boys. Cum butter my buscuit (; [F]irst post. Be gent[le]."
"Dat feeling when pooping in your own toilet"
"My reaction when I accidentally order a full-fat latte instead of my usual Skim Milk one [GIF]"
"Firs time a saw a naked girl."
"Realizing it's a day later in the week than you thought"
"Someone upgraded"
"Clearing out my image folder on my old computer  very happy when I saw this again."
"My favourite gif by far"
"How I react to any spiders on reddit."
"So adorable.."
"Uh  damn."
"What it was like before time existed"
"The most amazing minds of last century in one picture!"
"Solvay Conference 1927 (Colored)"
"Just playing some Wii. Nothing more."
"Goose is loose"
"Facebook bros"
"&quot;None Pizza with Left Beef&quot;"
"Sooo last night we ordered a pizza.."
"Dogs don't get enough love on this subreddit. As a result: My two puppies"
"Hard Work"
"The Ants Dream!"
"The mental steps I take to prepare myself to ask a girl to come home with me..."
"X-Ray Picture"
"My favorite gif"
"Einstein in fuzzy slippers."
"Albert Einstein's slippers."
"Albert Einstein wearing fuzzy slippers."
"It's okay  Professor. I was an accident  too."
"Professor got had."
"Saw this on Ellen's show during a youtube video. Classic Ellen... (video link in comments)"
"This may be the fattest mucking funkey I've ever seen..."
"How I feel after going to a diner"
"Facebook(1)"
"Michael Jackson swigging vodka with two little people on his lap"
"Just Michael Jackson  two midgets and a bottle of whiskey"
"MJ was too awesome to worry about that midgets ashy foot resting on his leg."
"an arm and a leg"
"Nice suit Vader..."
"How I feel after making over 600 comment karma on reddit in under 4 days."
"What my parents said to me as a kid."
"Runny Noses: Explained"
"Good read to start the long weekend"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Matress sliding gone wrong"
"It's that time of year again."
"Backwards Christmas"
"Anytime is fine with me  really..."
"Best protest sign ever."
"My dad found the camera on the log ride at Sea World  then asked my stepmom and sister to ride with him."
"Family pictures were always problematic."
"This job makes me feel so alive."
"Shattered Dreams"
"Shattered dreams"
"success"
"Overly manly action figure."
"Burger Bed"
"Worst name ever."
"My reaction when I learned that Kristen Stewart is the highest paid actress in Hollywood"
"When I have something funny to say to a post  but see that there is 900 comments."
"Except that"
"AND missiles!"
"Cosplay Level: Chef."
"I love you.. this much! Taken from a christian FB page."
"X-Wing meets man"
"Dat ass"
"Ireland."
"How to ruin someone's day in 2 simple steps"
"Like I give a fuck"
"The Safe Place?"
"Every action has a reaction"
"Support Alistar when someone touches his carry"
"Almost had it!"
"Almost.....Nice try though"
"Worth a shot"
"I keep watching hoping she'll do it."
"Worth a shot"
"Ultimate Fusion! - by Chawit Waewsawangwong"
"So that's how pandas are made!"
"Bro-ba Fett"
"I ain't no bitch  I grow that hibiscus."
"Fuck the police!"
"Fuck The Police!"
"Seems Legit."
"Chinese Coffee? Seems Legit"
"Perspective - The Future of Earth"
"Perspective - The Future of Earth"
"The more you know! *bing!*"
"My thoughts exactly."
"How it feels when my teacher gives me a second chance  after I forget to show work on a test."
"You can always learn something from Spongebob"
"Poor little dog"
"I thought  &quot;That's stupid. Wait  no  it's also true.&quot; [repost from /r/funny]"
"1%"
"It's always good to give some perspective"
"On a safari in Tanzania and took this once-in-a-lifetime picture."
"Giraffe getting a hug"
"Girl with a Pearl Earring: 2012 addition"
"This is a killer social commentary."
"Every. Genital. You. Own. [Fixed]"
"Every single one"
"Why I never post pics of my bike (x-post from r/funny)"
"Every one..."
"Longest gif ever  well worth it though"
"Wait.... what??"
"It took me way too long to realize what was going on here.."
"Sadly it took me over a minute to realize.."
"Well as long as they're seedless..."
"And not a single fuck was given."
"Picture of Cat"
"My faggot detector"
"Stop it Hulk  that wasn't one of the options. [Avengers Spoiler]"
"How I feel browsing /r/new."
"San Francisco's Secret Mosaic Staircase"
"searched reddits worst nightmare on google images this was the first picture and it made me chuckle"
"Redditor makes the 4 o'clock news."
"Reddit's Worst Nightmare"
"Fire Crotch"
"Shortest NBA player ever with one of the tallest"
"The tallest ever NBA player and the shortest ever NBA player played together for one season for the Washington Bullets (1987-88) - Manute Bol and Muggsy Bogues"
"Sucks"
"Just got the Reddit Enhancement Suite"
"Every Time I Finish"
"SCIENCE inc."
"The Most Complicated .Gif Ever"
"I can't wait for winter."
"The fable of the hippo and the raven"
"Ain't No One"
"Tiny Hippo and tiny Train"
"Tiny Redditor"
"Ain't no one."
"My favorite children's story"
"He doesn't look so cute anymore..."
"Baby Hippo!"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Don't fuck with tiny hippo"
"No one..."
"Ain't no one..."
"Tiny Hippo"
"Ain't NO ONE fuck with Tiny Hippo"
"No one messes with tiny hippo."
"Tiny Hippo"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Ain't nobody!"
"Just a baby hedgehog taking a bath."
"off the internet but its stiil cute"
"So wait  normal pets DON'T like baths?"
"Just washing my hedgehog*"
"I can't stop"
"'20s kids will remember this."
"BBAACCCOONNNNN!"
"Bacon  errrbody love it..."
"Reddit's appropriate response to the forecasted bacon shortage:"
"Heheheheh.....WTF"
"My face when I hear the original version of a song covered by a band I like."
"When I peruse 'new'"
"Don't put away your childish things."
"no matter how many time I see this. it still gets to me."
"Let's take a bath"
"duck's sink."
"Why I love Eminem"
"Catstache"
"After rolling it out of the lake  it's good to enjoy the fruits of my labour!"
"McDonald's great price on buttsex."
"Checkmate"
"When people found out dumbledore is gay"
"Well.. there goes another piece of my childhood. RIP"
"childhood=ruined"
"A donor heart beating in a mechanical system which keeps it warm  oxygenated  with nutrient enriched blood pumping through. Fucking Amazing  and Beautiful"
"Wandows...wat r u doin...stahp..."
"Go home ram  you're drunk."
"You're a ram."
"Reinebringen  Lofoten  Norway"
"Penguin.. get it?"
"Now that are elections are over. This is how I feel when someone writes something about politics."
"Proof that God is a Goat"
"Goat Aurora Over Greenland"
"The Queen having a laugh at Prince Phillip's ceremonial uniform (xpost from r/unitedkingdom)"
"The Queen having a giggle at Prince Philip's ceremonial uniform"
"The Queen having a giggle at Prince Philip's ceremonial uniform (x-post from /r/unitedkingdom)"
"Facebook in History"
"Caffeine Buzz"
"When I'm trying to stay awake during a boring class"
"Wearing contact lenses high."
"Right before the photographer says cheese"
"And if anyone can tell me where this is from.."
"Thor and Loki appreciating the finer things of life"
"Cant touch shaq"
"I've always wondered how toddlers and kids get ice cream all over their faces"
"Since when does ice cream become face paint?"
"Absolutely Incredible."
"Meow so serious?"
"Clearly this cat is winning Halloween"
"Why meow serious?"
"NOT COOL DUDE!!"
"I left half the sofa for you."
"Carl Sagan Knows Whats Up!"
"Me when i learned they're banning yoga pants from my school"
"I posted this as a comment a few months ago before I found this beautiful subreddit"
"What NOT to do while a soon to be famous picture of the President is being taken."
"Obama-Wan Kenobi"
"Jesus was a black man . . .[GIF]"
"When the lord's in the crib ma Drop it like it's hot"
"drop it like its hot"
"This is how sperm whales sleep"
"Oh watermelon"
"Oh Watermelon.."
"[FB] Another time and place"
"Welcome to Australia  watch out for the snake eating spiders."
"Dog stole my sledge."
"Sledding like a boss"
"may be a repost  but my favorite gif of all time"
"White people."
"Penguin  you so silly"
"Best way to keep em in line"
"Shut up  Charles"
"All the Grand Theft Auto legends in one picture."
"All of the GTA protagonists in one room."
"Just... GTA"
"Radical Islam..."
"Ball so hard mother fuckers wanna find me - Imgur"
"when my dad and boyfriend have lunch to discuss our relationship"
"When you ride alone"
"Reasons to Save Gas...Level: WWII"
"Shitty photoshop for a shitty meme? (X-post from r/funny)"
"20  please."
"This makes me sad"
"How unfortunate"
"How to make a baby (SFW)"
"What it's like living in a Parallel Universe"
"Spongebob never seems to disappoint me."
"Busted !"
"caught red handed"
"Gorilla mom disapproves"
"Who remembers this gem?"
"When Reddit is down"
"Break  break  break  break it down!"
"How i know I've had to much Rockstar"
"You might think I'm crazy  but I don't even care... Because I can tell what's going on!"
"Skipping like an American Psycho"
"Whenever I eat chewing gum"
"Bought an eighth yesterday and thought it would last the week"
"I hate this."
"Every fucking time"
"How every night has been since turning 21"
"Every time I try and think of a post for reddit..."
"15 minutes after I started handing out candy at my mall tonight."
"Crikey  step back!"
"For my real life cake day here is my favorite gif of Steve Irwin"
"Recently out of a 7 year relationship..this is one of the only things that's made me laugh since"
"Going for a jog"
"Saw this little gem in my local newspaper. . . Reddit  What Do I Say To This??"
"URSA GANGNAM STYLE"
"Polar Bear Disco"
"need a pair of these"
"Reddit Shoes"
"I think someone is spying on me..."
"It's okay  I do too."
"/b/ makes captcha comics"
"4chan makes captcha comics (x-post r/4chan)"
"Captcha Comics Thread (xpost - r/4chan)"
"Funny Captcha Comics"
"Spongebob has never looked better"
"Why  Spongebob! Why!"
"poor spongebob"
"The sheep has seen enough"
"Because Fuck you !"
"12 sleeping baby pandas. Nuff said.(fixed)[fixed]"
"12 sleeping baby pandas. Nuff said."
"First post."
"Come at me Bro"
"I think Korea might be over-compensating for something with their new 200+ Billion$ city"
"They are actually building this in South Korea. Very subtle."
"Sorry about your penis"
"AAHHHH CHOOOO OM NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"Gesundheit!"
"If I sneeze  I eatz."
"Delicious."
"62 knows what's up"
"93 have just seen what 62 is looking at [FIXED]"
"62 knows what's up"
"Good times!"
"Whenever I am asked about Eve and what kind of people play it  I always start explaining with this image."
"Now on the list if I hit powerball tonight... 550 million"
"Defended my wife today  lost a shitload of karma"
"That feel when your first popular submission gets removed...."
"Japan.... oh Japan..."
"My roomies keep the house at a freezing 72 degrees and our hot water heater broke  this is me right before every shower"
"How I feel when other people take my ideas and they rocket to the front page."
"sucks to be that kid"
"In some small way  I hope this is real"
"Hey bro  check out this cool trick"
"Was not expecting that"
"How it must feel to get your post stolen and it makes it to the front page."
"Ta-dah...oh shit!"
"Words cannot express..."
"Mona Lisa 2013"
"YA DUN GOOF'D TAYLOR"
"The guide you can't live without."
"What It Felt Like When My Girlfriend Gave Me Her First Blowjob [SFW]"
"This guy on my newsfeed posted about cleaning his computer after visiting &quot;questionable sites &quot; this is the picture he posted."
"Defragging?"
"too darn adorable"
"Dracarys"
"BDSM Hank Hill"
"Pinbutt"
"I love you Pixar."
"Tried explaining Reddit to a friend. Showed him this"
"Art can be anything [NSFW]"
"The concept is simple. Take a blank sheet with nothing but the basic outline of a pinup girl and illustrate a unique scene around her."
"Living on the edge.."
"When ents get depressed"
"Hold on!"
"Kitty vs. Turtle"
"Kitten vs Tortoise."
"Let's GOOOOO!!!!!"
"Kitten vs Tortoise (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Look out! It's Cat-zilla!!!!"
"That cat is a dick"
"Rawwwr"
"Adorable Kitten vs Tortoise (x-post)"
"Turtles beware... Attack Kitty is on the loose!"
"this guy decided to setup his own hammock on a train"
"Gotcha!"
"He doesn't bother to bite your jugular like a lion  say... no no. You are alive when he starts to eat you. So you know  try to show a little respect."
"Contradictions in the bible image"
"GERONIMO!"
"Not today."
"Forget youtube comments  Piratebay takes the cake"
"Laughing is your ticket to hell"
"Squidworld."
"Life is repetitive"
"squidwald: the horrible life drug addict"
"really? you are going to take another picture..."
"The ballsiest move I have ever seen."
"Pickpocket Increased"
"this belongs here (x-post from r/funny)"
"Bone Cancer"
"Nightcrawler lives (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"I'm a guy  and this morning I forgot to wear underwear with my zipper jeans"
"Found out my friend doesn't try clothes on at the store too"
"Just did my laundry... Mixed some whites in with the colors."
"&quot;Like photographers assembling a portfolio of best shots  astronomers have assembled a new  improved portrait of mankind's deepest-ever view of the universe. Called the eXtreme Deep Field  or XDF  the photo was assembled by combining 10 years of NASA Hubble Space Telescope photographs&quot;"
"Hubble has just finished its eXtreme Deep Field (XDF) project"
"&quot;Like photographers assembling a portfolio of best shots  astronomers have assembled a new  improved portrait of mankind's deepest-ever view of the universe. Called the eXtreme Deep Field  or XDF  the photo was assembled by combining 10 years of NASA Hubble Space Telescope photographs&quot;"
"It keeps blowing my fucking mind that this is an actual photograph."
"Also not an environmentalist  this picture is cool too though"
"Holy Carp!"
"nope nope nope"
"Carrier has arrived..."
"White power?"
"I decided to google &quot;Weirdest thing on the Internet&quot; This is what I got.."
"How I feel crushing hopes and dreams on /new"
"Walking your dog... you're doing it wrong."
"Webcam stripping"
"Troll Level: Chatroulette"
"How I feel on Omegle..."
"The Narwhal bacons at midnight"
"The Narwhal... it's Baconing?"
"Real mature."
"Amusing Ourselves to Death - Huxley / Orwell. Illustrated breakdown."
"Huxley was right  and you're proving it right now by clicking this."
"Orwell vs. Huxley"
"YES  the blood of my victims shall taste like victory!"
"Freaky Grilled Cheese Girl"
"Soon..."
"Soon..."
"Ron Swanson  I moustache you an ∞ question."
"Ron Swanson. Nothing other."
"Damn taste buds..."
"One Wish"
"This makes me laugh no matter how many times I see it."
"Facebook delivers"
"I'm curious..."
"A day at the spa"
"Cat in beauty parlor..."
"Redditor stages dead cats body before burial for extra karma"
"How to have a proper threesome"
"Someone's excited"
"The proper use of the NSFW tag..."
"When I see you"
"I've never wanted something so badly before..."
"Hot tubbing in an igloo village below Mt. Matterhorn in Switzerland"
"Hot tubbing in an igloo village below Mt. Matterhorn in Switzerland"
"Hot tubbing in an igloo village below Mt. Matterhorn in Switzerland"
"Icelandic hot tub"
"How I feel when I go on reddit the whole day at work and still get paid"
"You did well on your tx state midterms? Good Job!"
"just hit over 1000 karma"
"Auschwitz personnel at a weekend retreat. X-Post from r/Historyporn"
"My Facebook news feed now that all my friends are having kids..."
"How I feel people are when all I see are cats on the &quot;New&quot; tab"
"When I see all these &quot;First day of school&quot; posts"
"How i feel when people post pictures of their pets"
"Delicious!"
"Freddie Mercury and two cats. Enough said."
"Freddie Mercury. Two Cats."
"FMBaM"
"To those who use Photobucket.."
"I spent all day working at a 7-Eleven  so I wanted to give this to you  Reddit."
"Here's the sandwich I made my boyfriend when he didn't ask nicely. [FIXED]"
"My girlfriend just broke up with me  this was my response when she asked what I'm going to do now."
"Otter."
"Does anyone live by this rule? Is it true?"
"Magic isn't real? [chrudat.com]"
"Growing up"
"You wish you had this much class"
"Fashion!"
"NOPE!"
"How you feel when a sibling gets yelled at for something you did."
"Bathtime!"
"Karma loving bunny"
"Comfy?"
"Tanning Fail"
"4chan vs reddit"
"Searched &quot;epic background&quot; on google  was not dissapointed."
"I knew you liked horses......but WTF!"
"How the rest of the world sees &quot;Bronies&quot;"
"How the rest of the world sees &quot;Bronies&quot;"
"This pretty much sums up &quot;bronies&quot;"
"Just a gif of Neil Patrick Harris dancing with Elmo"
"NPH at his best"
"got taken out of the friendzone after 6 years!!!!!"
"Just got a nice letter: I've been accepted at my Msc in clinical nutrition this fall!"
"When I post a typo in my title."
"Cadillac WTF concept"
"That's a really cool car"
"How my kids are going to learn the alphabet."
"Accurate pie chart [ PIC ]"
"Finally a pie chart I can relate to"
"Don't Be Racist"
"So this is going around Facebook this week."
"Don't be racist"
"Good Guy Mario"
"Kissing a snake..."
"A Brain Cell vs. The Universe | Birth of a Cell vs. Death of a Star | An Eye vs. A Nebula"
"How peculiar"
"I always wondered about these parallels. This cannot just be coincidence."
"One of my favorite images  showing a few of the coincidental(?) similarities found in biology and cosmology."
"Skyrim's Earthporn"
"Garfield would love to put just his mouth under this..."
"Mom  dad  what are you doing?..."
"For my second cakeday I thought I'd show my best colourizations and some restorations that I've been doing for fun. Hope you enjoy!"
"Adding Color To The Most Iconic Photo In History"
"how i feel every time i click a gross NSFW link"
"When I saw How Its Made is now on Netflix"
"When I came home early from work and walked in on my parents getting busy.."
"Clicking the wrong link on r/WTF..."
"Already at an [8] then my friend packs another bowl."
"What happens when I face-check a bush to find the entire enemy team"
"Opening the stall to find an unflushed toilet"
"Yes very...Aw Shit! Lawd jezus!"
"This is the Lesula Monkey. He is found in the Congo."
"Bitch slap the pussies"
"For my cake day I'd like to share with you my 'inspirational' work computer wallpaper photo."
"Ginger freckles braid."
"Halloween is coming"
"Did one of those lame old west photo  this is how it turned out..FML"
"Did one of those cheesy old west photo shoots  this was the result  FML"
"I did one of those cheesy old west photo shoots and they made me look like a little person burlesque dancer..LOL and FML"
"Most awkward old west photo ever..I am not a cute saloon girl:/"
"Most awkward old west photo ever...I look like a little person burlesque dancer."
"Most awkward old west photo shoot ever.. I make the least sexy saloon girl.."
"Got one of those cheesy old west photos done  was supposed to be a cute saloon girl but this was the result... Midget burlesque dancer....."
"Sigh  the doctor sounds like my dad...."
"Candles-Petra Jordan"
"My hammer."
"Hungry kitty!"
"Me in cat form"
"OHMYGODRAVIOLI"
"he just really wants that ravioli"
"Today is my birthday! I wasn't here 12 hours ago!"
"It's like deja vu"
"It's like deja vu"
"Life just isn't fair"
"Just enjoying the view parked at the beach"
"That time in your life when you just say  &quot;I don't give a fuck anymore.&quot; (xpost from r/LosAngeles)"
"I went on an African Safari. I saw the most amazing animals and places and want to share my best pictures of them with you"
"Went on an African Safari. Got Professional long glass  etc. Got Lightroom too. Here are the results."
"Show me your Vagina (re post from WTF)"
"When people says our government needs &quot;Christian Morals&quot;..."
"PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: Make sure to set your fantasy football roster ASAP"
"you're doing it wrong"
"you're doing it wrong"
"what was that?"
"mom and baby"
"Fuck y'all"
"Michael Fuckin Jackson (hoping not a repost)"
"Gets me every time"
"Penis Penis Penis... (It's a comic -- unless &quot;penis&quot; is too much  it's SFW)"
"Victory"
"Another cat gif"
"Another cat gif (repost from /r/gifs)"
"Just reached 8 years using steam! How long have you been using it?"
"Just hit 8 Years"
"No pugs were harmed in the making of this photo  however one was slightly confounded by the meta-&quot;pugness&quot; contained..."
"...yo dawg"
"How delicious!"
"Nico"
"MARS PANORAMA | Rover 'Opportunity' took 817 pics within the 6months of its hibernation  creating this [HD] (/r/spaceporn)"
"It flies 100 000 000 miles....only to draw a giant dick in the sand  NASA troll"
"Opportunity is still alive and kicking on Mars. Any chance it'll meet up with Curiosity?"
"Prayer Works!"
"I love the onion"
"God Answers Prayers of Paralyzed Little Boy [The Onion]"
"Adorable Am I"
"The Force is strong with this one"
"Didn't see that one coming..."
"How to become the most hated person on campus."
"Pens"
"How I feel when people don't listen to me."
"Pic of Jim Lehrer moderating tonight's debate."
"Jim Lehrer in tonight's debates"
"Found this picture of the Presidential Debate Moderator"
"How I imagine the moderator for the Presidential Debate"
"Jim Lehrer moderates the debates."
"What the Presidential Debate Moderator  Jim Lehrer  looked like tonight."
"The moderator from tonight's debate"
"How I view the moderator from the first presidential debate"
"This is who the moderator of the Presidential Debate reminded me of.."
"Pic of Jim Lehrer moderating tonight's debate"
"Vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord."
"Fuck this kind of packaging."
"Fuck this kind of packaging.."
"Maybe they should"
"Life was always hard for a young Edward Scissorhands"
"Boss is out of town for the rest of the week!"
"Everyday at the end of work"
"Black jokes are funny"
"Racist joke - Enter if you dare."
"My brother took the picture a little too soon...."
"ERMAGAD.. BEES!"
"Me whenever a hot girl posts bikini pics on facebook."
"FUCK YEAH! INTERNET!"
"Feel the music..."
"Twist"
"library dubstep"
"WOOOOO I &lt;3 THE INTERNET"
"ATTTTTTAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!!"
"lemme taste this"
"How I felt after 1 person had signed up to the subreddit I created"
"Everytime I go to r/gonewild"
"My thoughts on r/gonewild"
"what i immediately think of whenever i see &quot;the rum diary&quot; advertised"
"Roommates destroyed everything in the fridge for fun...this was all I could think about."
"Wut"
"I googled Anne Hathaway and found this. I'm done with the internet for today."
"so i googled Anne Hathaway and this popped up..."
"3 2 1 poop launch"
"The ALL new CRAPPER SHOWER!"
"Defecation of the Future"
"every comment on Obama's AMA"
"Frontpage brought me here and this pretty sums up how I feel about this place"
"It's kind of weird when people I know recognize me on reddit."
"When i upvote something in r/new and it gets to the front page."
"ZOMBIES!!!!!!"
"UGGHHH this nearly made me throw up"
"Just enjoying a savory treat"
"The best representation of 9gag"
"My absolute favorite gif! [NSFW]"
"Fatality!"
"This goddamn gif never fails to crack me up [NSFW]"
"'Murica in the South."
"&quot;Murica&quot;"
"About to cross the border of space &amp; sky"
"Oh Yahoo..."
"Who would win in a fist fight?"
"Well that's not creepy..."
"Creepy ad"
"Math Class."
"This is usually my class."
"Math class"
"Mfw my girlfriend is telling me this horrible heartbreaking story about her life and I'm browsing Reddit"
"My dinosaur has machine guns  does yours?"
"T-rex came to kick ass"
"Limited Choices"
"Jungle Photoshop"
"Tell us what you really think..."
"When you forget to pick up your child from school."
"When I'm releasing what I think is a silent fart..."
"Cartman in a bus"
"Great view of a church"
"Bruce &amp; Clark"
"I can show you the world...."
"I CAN OPEN YOUR EYES..."
"I CAN SHOW YOU THE WOOOORRRLLD..."
"when Batman meets Disney - fb gold"
"I was at McDonalds and this kid dropped his chocolate milk  began to cry  and his dad got up  said “this some instagram shit” and started taking pictures."
"I was at McDonalds and this kid dropped his chocolate milk  began to cry  and his dad got up  said “this some instagram shit” and started taking pictures."
"Need something to keep your hair out of your food?"
"So this is a thing."
"Deep thinking dingo pup"
"Every day i want to get shit done but..."
"Why I never get anything done"
"ridiculously photogenic dog"
"Has science gone too far?"
"Now that i have expert level spells  this is how i feel when im not killing everything in sight."
"This Kills The Man"
"When I take a chance and post to Reddit"
"Gnombies."
"I normally don't like garden gnomes... I really don't like these"
"Undead lawn ornaments - f'ing creepy."
"I've always had a fear of garden gnomes. Now they're my absolute nightmare."
"Why is stop sign blue?"
"Damn constellations"
"Just a Lizard"
"Deleting a comment at -1 karma..."
"When my post goes below zero karma."
"Not Sure If Repost"
"Wtf santa!?"
"Adaptive Optics Laser &amp; the Milky Way"
"Laser Towards the Center of the Milky Way (x-post /r/ExposurePorn)"
"Impressive picture of lilies at sunset"
"Joss Whedon during a Q&amp;A-session while promoting his movie Serenity"
"Joss Whedon on the meaning of life"
"I want to eat its head"
"Fight to the death"
"CATATATATATATATATAT"
"Cat Battle"
"When my amateur physicist co-worker told me he is religious."
"Steakhouse bartenders and servers across the country tonight."
"So  I finally got a job interview"
"My brother is looking after my pet tarantula while I'm away. He just sent me this picture."
"Balla 4 mice"
"Catitude"
"Space Bound (photo from NASA)"
"After Hurricane Sandy the Strandbeests took to the forests...."
"Found this little guy in the woods. Must have gotten lost in the storm."
"Soon."
"Personally  one of my favorite face swaps"
"Poor things have been lied to all along!"
"This has to be some kind of mistake!"
"Let me in..."
"I think he thinks it's a game."
"My dog has done this to me at least 10 times today..."
"I don't even..."
"I would have kept it..."
"LOL  look guys - I'm a unicorn!"
"I think this belongs here..."
"BMX Special flip  by Special Greg."
"Accident Prone Horse"
"Ouroboros"
"TIL snakes also chase their tales"
"Ouroboros [x-post r/FithWorldPics]"
"Turns out snakes will eat just about anything."
"The face of Jesus"
"Some humor in bad times"
"Oh random Imgur link  you so crazy"
"going through and deleting over 300 facebook friends"
"....Hair"
"Chick Magnet"
"Google searched &quot;neckbeard&quot; and this is what came up"
"Beardhead"
"I don't think so"
"So THAT'S how it's made!"
"Searched Atheism on Google Images and found out I'm a cannibal."
"Somebody at my local pub is an evil genius..."
"How i feel thinking i missed my first cakeday but didn't"
"No one will ever believe you!"
"call me crazy  or maybe an idiot.. but i did NOT know this was how it was done"
"ALL GLORY TO HYPNOGIRL"
"Tickle attack!"
"It's all in the legs."
"Some fine art to help get you through hump day."
"Methematical! Cooking Time. [x-post from r/BreakingBad]"
"I made an album of few amazing albino animals ."
"A typical McDonalds"
"I'm lovin' it"
"Honestly  did this require a sign?"
"How I feel every time I put on my uniform for work"
"Ahh  the golden years.."
"That's the spirit"
"That's the spirit"
"oh you know...just girly things"
"Ever had a song stuck in your head?"
"3 cats and 1 box"
"How I learned to draw"
"What it feels like to follow any drawing tutorial."
"Hate drawing guides."
"I found Hipster Hitler"
"This guy is in my friend's class."
"What snake venom does to blood."
"This is what snake venom does to blood."
"thought you guys would like this"
"If you love Nicolas Cage and pickles you'll love this!"
"That you Nic?"
"Obama playing basketball. Someone make this a meme"
"1 out of 3 people"
"Statistics say that 1 in 3 people are..."
"FAIL at it's finest"
"So much room for activities."
"raise you a xray AND a sinkhole"
"Never gonne give you up"
"Me reading the countless political facebook posts last night"
"*remind me later*"
"I can't help but feel this way right now"
"Something tells me I have been on Reddit for too long."
"Kitty!"
"A GIF of what I look like waiting for ALL THESE GIF POSTS TO LOAD"
"awwh"
"How could you say no to this face?"
"Fuck you I'm drunk!"
"i came here to solve X..."
"Unknown Cryptid on Google Maps?"
"Son of a bitch. I bought them. NOW what am I gonna do with them?"
"&quot;More terrible than anything suffered by any minority in history.&quot; This is what Christians ACTUALLY believe..."
"&quot;More terrible than anything suffered by any minority in history&quot;  he says."
"Oh Pat Robertson"
"Bbae caught me slippin' [Fixed]"
"Forever Alone..."
"Caught her dozing off..."
"She almost had us..."
"Meanwhile in Scotland..."
"Creepy tub is watching you."
"I can't believe it wasn't taken..."
"Can never figure it out when I see some of the pictures on here."
"Looking at all the pics on the front page."
"How I feel as a middle-aged parent clicking through the front page of Reddit"
"Why are u still on /r/wtf if you don't like the post"
"Everyday in Retail"
"Seriously? What the hell is up with eagles?"
"my response to the guy who slept through getting his dick tattooed"
"After Penn and Teller reveal how to perform a magic trick"
"After being caught for the third time in far cry 3 this dawned on me"
"My boyfriend spent a good 5 minutes complaining about this."
"So this just came up in my FB Feed..."
"I'm sorry  Spiderman!"
"I'm so sorry I did that to you! Are you ok??"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"I love spidey too little guy"
"I am sorry pinata bro"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"When I upvote a comment from -5 to -4."
"Not Contagious."
"Columbine Senior Class of 1999 (Harris and Klebold in the top left corner)"
"Columbine Class Photo of '99. Find Eric and Dylan."
"This is the class photo from Columbine. Look in the top left corner."
"This is the class photo from Columbine. Look in the top left corner. (x-post)"
"More than likely my favorite gif of all time"
"Waking up after a long night."
"HIFW I put my iTunes on shuffle"
"When I order something that looks better than what I have."
"This looks sooo painful.."
"Follow your dreams  baby."
"I guess he needed a lot more time..."
"Discussing underwear with my girlfriend"
"I've never really saw the EA hate before this...thanks EA."
"How it feels like when I post a comment contrary to popular opinion on Reddit."
"If the Election was an Episode of &quot;The Walking Dead&quot; It would look something like this."
"Meanwhile in Japan...."
"How I feel when I downvote a stupid comment that has a balanced number of upvotes/downvotes into the negatives."
"Forgot your windows 98 login? No problem!"
"Anytime I read my Ex's status updates and tweets"
"How I feel after freeing up hard drive space"
"How I feel after freeing up hard drive space"
"Just reformatted my PC"
"My girlfriends reaction when we bought a king bed"
"School is like a boner..."
"Unless you're asian"
"DIFFRENT B/W IN PUBLIC AND AT HOME !!"
"Monk and Tiger sharing their meal"
"Whenever I see an NSFW tagged post with only rage faces"
"Whenever someone submits a non-imgur link in an image-based subreddit"
"How I feel when browsing 'new'"
"THIS is why we can't have nice things."
"Payback"
"Reddit on Skyrim."
"My reaction when Colbert said something about Reddit..."
"My reaction when I walked into class to find my professor was handing out candy"
"My reaction to finding out The Raid was opening in neighborhood (which never gets openings)"
"How i feel finally reaching 100 karma today"
"Bears acting Italian"
"To anyone who doubts human evolution  here's a picture of a hairless chimp  our closest relative."
"In your darkest hour  everyone has that something to pull them up"
"How I feel when my submission gets all downvotes"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaand scene."
"Take flight!"
"Grace and finese [from /r/ImGoingToHellForThis]"
"Ssssssssss-ahhhhhh"
"How I feel whenever I post."
"Christmas vandalism"
"Gotta love the Holiday Spirit"
"Holiday spirit  you're doing it right"
"Came across this while searching for creative leasing signs..."
"Searching for KKK and found this..."
"One of these is not like the other..."
"This sums up how I feel about Mac."
"how I imagine the people posting all of this &quot;like if&quot; nonsense on facebook"
"How I feel browsing /r/new"
"We done here?"
"Classic Canada..."
"Canadians..."
"Scorpion fly. Fucking NOPE."
"The Common Scorpion Fly."
"Scorpion fly"
"ARISE  MY MINIONS"
"Schlong Army"
"Arise! [NSFW]"
"Dear Reddit  when they invade Italy  please know that the people of the U.S. are not like this and most of us hate these people. Thank you  have a nice day!"
"I'm just going to sit right he......."
"Discovering you made it to the Frontpage accidentally"
"Not mine  but deserves to be seen"
"Our friend came over to baby sit last night"
"New screensaver."
"Pretty women right?"
"Woah"
"I have no words for this  who does this?"
"Pretty women right ?"
"Now THAT is something you don't see everyday.."
"Lol  I think he got lucky."
"The wind never had a chance"
"Schadenfreude [gif]"
"Schadenfreude"
"Life is like a man trying to eat soup out of a spaghetti strainer.."
"Me  trying to give advice"
"This picture was just on my news feed."
"So much awesome"
"Breaking News - This could happen to any of us"
"Dat Lime"
"This one's for you Aussies... The first time I tried Vegemite."
"You sure got a purty mouth.."
"Stumbled across this today..."
"Stumbled across this picture..."
"What exactly are you suggesting  Target?"
"Nyan power: slice"
"Dog."
"Funny dog"
"Dressed up my dog"
"My friend is dog sitting for another friend. This is how he spends his time."
"Correction. Pimpin IS easy."
"Coolest dog ever"
"Look. Just look."
"Baby Harp Seal"
"He does the best Patrick Star shadow puppet"
"anyone know the source?"
"Fucking bathtub  pranking people again."
"I don't always go to my girlfriend's house  but when I do I get an awesome picture of her dog."
"The dog that started it all (stolen from /r/funny)"
"Barney Stinson  3 months."
"Hverfjall Crater  Iceland."
"Hverfjall Crater  Iceland"
"Hverfjall Crater  Iceland"
"I present to you Hverfjall Crater in Iceland...Looks like its a picture of another world."
"Grumpy Cat"
"Classiest Tattoo there is. [FIXED]"
"Shit Tyrone"
"God dammit Tyrone!"
"My Favorite Picture of all the Internet"
"Female Assassin"
"I accidentally found this .gif"
"Good heavens I live this gif. It's perfect."
"TIL Mexico City was build on the ocean."
"Mexico City  urban sprawl"
"Well.. it is on white bread.."
"Local news always brings us the top stories."
"The best one in my opinion"
"Bears"
"I know reddit loves kittens  how does it feel about baby Kongorooos?"
"Me So Plunger"
"This one is real"
"This not photoshop."
"When you see it..."
"Pick up your free copy!"
"Howl's Moving Castle (for those that remember)"
"And it was that moment  Shelly made her move"
"how I picture the reaction of the Reddit community when coming across my posts"
"Yes  this is an actual PC game SCREENSHOT."
"Horus saves"
"Jesus vs Horus"
"Praise Horus (Also  I stole this off FB so I'm assuming some of these are not true  I'd be interested to know which  if any)"
"I guess no one ever claimed the story of Jesus was original  right?"
"Finish It."
"Nooooo! NOT MY BIKE!"
"Just a monocle'd bear with a top hat riding a laser-eyed Lincoln."
"The main reason the north won the civil war."
"'Merica!"
"Freedom!"
"My friends parking violation. Made my day."
"Well  Rowling did admit to Dumbledore being gay..."
"What the fuck"
"Whenever I submit something that gets downvoted to oblivion."
"How muslim men must feel"
"Somewhat Impressed Puppy"
"you don't say.."
"This fucker looks smug..."
"Well  hello there..."
"Meanwhile  somewhere in East LA."
"This guy shows up on my newsfeed thinking he's the shit"
"Would you drink it?"
"So my friend drew eyebrows on her Chiwawa"
"Useful to some  harmful to many."
"Such a silly photo if not religion then some ethical issue will divide humans and they will war upon each other. Those who blame a single aspect of the human realm live in ignorance."
"My otter half"
"Sea Otters holding paws to prevent drifting apart"
"aww otters"
"Seems legit"
"Classy pussy is classy"
"How I feel finishing my last day of high school"
"After getting more than 10 upvotes"
"3rd world Spongebob"
"Crazy tattoo idea"
"Awesome 3D tattoo"
"My first reddit post! Meet my cat Luna. I make her work for her treats.."
"Family barbecue today..."
"Reading through political Facebook posts in an election year"
"Library fun!"
"Just a funny Shark Week comic."
"I went on spacedicks for the first time today..."
"This would have been fun"
"weed"
"When there are no words."
"Clownface"
"I Always Look Like An Idiot When Holding Over-sized Underwear With Two Doves Resting On Each Hand  But This Guy.....The Very Definition Of Cool"
"BF3 logic"
"Gangnam style with Sandy"
"Bracing for the Storm"
"He thinks he's cool..."
"Whenever a girl sends me any message including a &quot;;)&quot;"
"When girls say no  sometimes it might mean yes."
"That's True (X-Post From /r/WeAreTeenagers)"
"lolcat in training"
"How I felt when I first went on r/Spacedicks"
"The creature all men feared."
"Just turn around and act as if nothing happened."
"Just a Bert and Ernie cosplay."
"How I feel when I get home late"
"watermelons do a better job anyway"
"Why  you ask?"
"Evolution graffiti"
"Ten years later.."
"Super derp"
"One happy stoat"
"Missed a little"
"Kids really like the Muppets..."
"crossbow"
"Every time I cook something [Fixed]"
"Cats  cats  cats"
"Cat Thugs n Harmony"
"Going back to shut my trunk after bringing all the groceries in with only one trip."
"The hood is sparkly...."
"Holographic Pac with kitten swag."
"These cats come back."
"How I feel when a person a 55yr+ man says &quot;LOL!!!&quot; or some variant thereof."
"Brendon Chaney is on a highway to hell."
"the depths of the trinity"
"25 Years of Zelda"
"25 Glorious Years Of Zelda"
"Finally..."
"White lion alongside tawny."
"Two ladies having a drink"
"Whenever people start to spoil TV shows and movies I've been wanting to see..."
"Whenever people start to spoil TV shows and movies I've been wanting to see..."
"Vegeta listens to Beiber"
"Was told this belonged here."
"Good ol' Nic"
"This is why honeybees die after they sting someone"
"Honeybee leaving stinger behind. Photo by Kathy Keatley Garvey."
"Bee leaving stinger behind [x-post /r/pics]"
"Love Problems"
"It All Started With This One Picture"
"Found this in r/WTF and thought it belonged here (x-post r/WTF)"
"Don't fall asleep in class"
"Don't Fall Asleep In Class..."
"This is what i wish teachers would do"
"I get knocked down"
"r/atheism..."
"I'm... FABULOUS!"
"When relatives talk to me in Spanish."
"Fingering"
"SFW Fingering"
"Bad Motorcycle accident"
"Wait for your mind to scream OUCH!"
"Freaking Awesome Dog"
"Nintendo Gif"
"As a Nintendo fan  this put a massive smile on my face."
"Sad Batman..."
"And now everyone's sad"
"He asked for it."
"Literally?"
"Don’t move  there’s a bug on your back"
"Don't move! There's something in your hair."
"Me after seeing my post on the front page."
"Every time I walk through a spider web"
"First one in my family to graduate college. This is how I feel right now."
"Pretty much what I do when I hear a gnat in my ear..."
"How I feel about &quot;short&quot; assignments"
"Lemme suk yo diq."
"I do NOT want to get bitten by a leatherback turtle"
"Sarlacc or Leather Back Sea Turtle?"
"Every time someone talks about banging my mother  this comes to mind"
"Every time someone talks about banging my mother  this comes to mind"
"The Mouth Of A Leatherback Sea Turtle... WTF"
"Mouth and esophagus of a leatherback turtle"
"Inside the mouth of a leatherback sea turtle"
"fleshlight: hard mode"
"Hey  I found a picture of your mom's vagina. [SFW]"
"Hey  I found a picture of your mom's vagina. [SFW]"
"Worse than friend zone"
"maybe next time."
"Beach_ball_owned"
"Who's on the ball? [gif]"
"Oops (x-post from /r/funny)"
"I still watch this ALL DAY!"
"Fuck you lady  fuck you."
"Shaved kitties look strange."
"Awww  a lion hug"
"You Ain't Got Nothing On Me"
"Other kids made fun of his ballet skills. Secretly.... he waits in the shadows."
"And the price for biggest buzzkill goes to!"
"lucky people with cancer (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"I wish I had cancer...(xpost from /r/facepalm)"
"Saw this at taco bell"
"Saw this at taco bell [X-Post from r/WTF]"
"How hot is Taco Bell hot sauce....."
"The only acceptable duckface in my books"
"How I feel when I upvote a new post"
"Peter Higgs' reaction to CERN's findings."
"So the placement of my new Chem class gives me 5 consecutive classes with no break to eat."
"How I feel being finished with my physics  math  and computer science midterms."
"Every time I'm closing in to the first page"
"Rainbow parrots"
"Parrots!"
"Hey reddit i found the old man from &quot;UP&quot;"
"They're real!!"
"A movie come true?"
"First known picture of Detroit"
"Not bad"
"I give to you Rocky Potter."
"Smile more"
"OH LAWDY YES!!"
"mmm  chocolatey."
"Googled &quot;Hip Hop&quot;  found this gem."
"I was playing a game on my iPhone when this popped up... Seems legit"
"Plague inc. on half-life 3."
"I see what you did there."
"Don't Speak"
"Whenever my Twilight-loving girlfriend said she doesn't like Toy Story"
"Just something funny I thought I'd share"
"every time i try to escape reddit [GIF]"
"It probably would make finding Bane so much easier"
"Fonts Matter."
"10 what kinda lights?"
"Found this on my facebook. Flickering lights. Doesn't look like his original but I want these lights!"
"Font. It matters."
"Font. It matters."
"When a man's gotta fap  a man's gotta fap."
"FFS MOSES"
"Moses was a huge dick."
"Not funny Moses"
"OMG  I just saw a caricature of Moses  all Jews in the world  we should arrange a massive protest!"
"Moses in his later years..."
"i'll have the Ron Swanson special"
"Searched 'Murica&quot; and thought reddit would approve"
"The Last Dinosaur Died In 1927: The Fossil Record According To Creationism"
"The Geological Record According to creationists"
"A geological timescale for Creationists"
"A geologic timescale for creationists"
"Don't herd me  no more."
"A Night at The Sheepury"
"Van full of candy."
"Why  Watermelon  Why?!"
"Smooth criminal"
"I don't normally poop while away from home..."
"Just airplanes playing tic-tac-toe"
"Just airplanes playing tic-tac-toe (x-post r/funny)"
"These airplane trails look like a tic-tac-toe game"
"How i felt when i got a new suit"
"I think she wants attention too."
"DISRESPECT YOUR SURROUNDINGS (xpost /r/gifsound)"
"How I felt when I posted an article criticising PC gaming on r/pcgaming"
"[Gif] First world anarchist"
"Because fuck 'em"
"I fucking love that shit"
"The elusive Reddit downvoter"
"For my cake day I offer one of my favorite gifs"
"Just Walking the Dog"
"&quot;Mr Magoo&quot; who is not my friend on Facebook just sent me a link to this picture with him saying &quot;rub shit on my belly&quot; and a phone number  i rang the number its a girl i don't know.."
"I laugh every time"
"Olympic timekeeping"
"How does that runner turn into a black man?"
"running so quick i turned black"
"Holes..."
"The hardest button to button. [NSFW]"
"This is true"
"So true"
"Jimi Hendrix.. Castles Made of Carbonite"
"Jimi and Jabba"
"Jimi owed Jabba"
"Reach for it..."
"All the people trying to get the Christian Bale karma"
"When I'm replying to people who reply to my comment late at night."
"4chan on women who like they are going to explode out of their clothing. Moderately NSFW."
"Gollum Dives Into Wellington Airport"
"The meaning of the universe contained in a single sentence."
"AMA request: Giorgio A. Tsoukalos (the Ancient Aliens guy)"
"My response when someone asks me if I can get laid.."
"I need this."
"A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Found this looking for a new background in the top r/pics of all time. It belongs here. {water drop in front of map}"
"A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Close up on a single drop of water in front of a map"
"Drop of water in front of a map."
"Vampires - allergic to bullshit"
"Richard Pryor knew what was up"
"Richard Pryor loves vampires"
"Richard Pryor was a smart man"
"richard on vampires"
"This one always makes me laugh"
"Due to high sulfur levels  inhabitants of the Izu Islands had to wear gas masks to survive."
"Went to a Helghast wedding last night.... AWKWARD."
"Whoever thought this was a good idea for an album cover... wow..."
"Yes  I also love the Australian Christian Male President [FIXED]"
"Yes  I also love the christian male President."
"Beautifully Terrifying"
"How I feel when I'm accused of reposting before verifying my post"
"funnel cloud touching down in Orchard  Iowa  on June 10  2008. Lori Mehmen took the photo from outside her front door before seeking shelter."
"Mother nature is a bitch!!!"
"(X post from wtf) nick cage 'bout to fuck your shit up!"
"Fucking tornado...no words"
"Fucking tornado...no words"
"Futility"
"Oh shit."
"Some days feel like this"
"This was in Sample Pictures on a school computer."
"I really hope thats not intentional. NSFW"
"TREE MAN!"
"Crazy tree looking type of the human papillomavirus. Quite disturbing."
"Jesus diving into a pool."
"Jesus tried for the olympic diving squad"
"to all the haters."
"Bouncing my cake day post ideas off overly critical friends"
"Capital Sins...."
"Poor RoboCop..."
"Poor RoboCop!"
"Schwarzenegger is robocop?"
"When someone grabs my leg  tickles my foot  and won't let go..."
"lost my cat"
"It was still a good day"
"Waiting to get my computer back..."
"A good day off."
"How I feel on weekends."
"Found this statue in a mall in Seoul. I think we all know this feeling."
"Hulk not go...Hulk need to POOOOOO!!!!"
"Our Amazing Society."
"I see what you did there"
"Every Time I Try To Get Off The Phone With My Mom"
"Every time I try to get off Reddit..."
"Parkour."
"22 years later  I still miss the work of this wonderful human being. RIP Jim Henson."
"The dog just didn't want to be on a picture"
"Baby Fennec Fox"
"A baby fennec fox!"
"Hi  it's me again! Upvotes now"
"Real tired of this..."
"Made me laugh like hell."
"He's come to save the world.."
"Saving the day... Like a boss"
"It's Superdog!"
"Scumbag Sally"
"&quot;I've made a huge mistake..&quot;"
"the life of everything I post to reddit."
"Damn  It Feels Good to Be a Gangster: The Desktop Edition"
"Nothing says..."
"Well  this is by far my favorite wallpaper."
"Now that the MS paint craze is over  I haven't felt rushed on my piece to finish. Finally got done. Just in time too because tomorrow  who knows......"
"It's Peanut Butter Jelly ... wait what?"
"Nuts  really wanted a PB &amp; J  guess I will make a grilled cheese!"
"About sums up my productivity at work."
"What it's like talking to my mom."
"Looking at the computer screen every time my boss walks by while I'm working."
"How I feel when I'm bored of Reddit but I don't want to pay attention in class."
"How I imagine the people on this subreddit"
"This looks like a good place to sleep"
"Guess the anxiety meds kicked in..."
"Fuck old bread."
"Vital words from a goose"
"kinky spidey"
"How I feel trying to find a full-time job"
"Everyone's watching the master's debate. And I'm just sitting here... masterbating..."
"I don't see the big deal"
"Everyone is out partying"
"Go back  they fucked up!"
"Why I pay attention during games"
"Just chillin'."
"These kids are too young to not be giving fucks about something like this happening ..."
"ya. whatever."
"Batter Up!"
"I'm 29  and I still do this every time I see boobs."
"How I felt hearing Bear Grylls answer my question."
"My old tree remover"
"If you park like this  you're a dick"
"Architects in a nutshell."
"Architects in a nutshell. [FIXED]"
"Prime minister of Norway  Jens Stoltenberg and Minister of Trade and Industry  Trond Giske pointing at a sign."
"The Norwegian prime minister (Jens Stoltenberg) and minister of industry and trade (Trond Giske) visiting a Norwegian county."
"The Norwegian Prime Minister  Jens Stoltenberg and The Minister of Trade and Industry  Trond Giske out on the road."
"Nothing says I love you like... WTF?!?!?!"
"Children's T-Shirt  Nailed it?"
"WTF Target?"
"WTF Target?!"
"FIGHT ME IRL"
"Futurama redesigned..."
"Googled &quot;It's the weekend&quot;"
"This guy know what's up"
"Misunderstood Slenderman"
"There is no guttural scream loud enough for this."
"Chernobyl  thought someone else might like it."
"Tiny Hand"
"When I pee..."
"Ping Pong Boss"
"When I argue"
"Welcome to algebra 2"
"I love you  son."
"I love you  son"
"T-500"
"What we did with money back when I was young."
"This amuses me far more than it should."
"LOL TITS!!11 (crosspost /r/funny)"
"In tit's we trust. [SFW]"
"Lieutenant Dan You Got New Legs"
"Lieutenant Dan!"
"4chan explains the Bible [xpost from /r/4chan]"
"I know most of you despise the content from this site. But I found this hilarious."
"Always room for one more"
"What surprised the Dali Lama the most about humanity..."
"No Fucks Given: Level - Tesla"
"Oh Japan  you so. . .. . ..wait  what!?"
"Go home  rainbow."
"Oh  Libya..."
"Closer."
"The coolest man in Libya"
"Saw this today and thought it belonged here..."
"Some men just want to watch the world learn..."
"I see your most American and British photos ever and give you the most Aussie photo ever. [FIXED]"
"Not my usual choice of condiments... but okay."
"How me and my friends felt walking out of our last final"
"Showing up to a party with my friends"
"Happy 60th  John Goodman!"
"Wrestling is serious business."
"When Reddit crashed during the Obama AMA"
"Like a Boss ..."
"Yup I live in Arkansas..."
"Need a ride?"
"He does exist"
"He does exist"
"My face when I get skipped in the roto"
"Supposedly found 100ft under water..found on uberhumor."
"Ermahgerd"
"Ermahgerd"
"My toy!"
"In the beggining.... Oh god..."
"SOON"
"I don't even know..."
"When I realize most of my guild mates only care about loot."
"That moment in your life you realize all people are inherently selfish."
"Reading the comments on 9gag after having left it well over a year ago"
"When I walk back into a room I just farted in"
"My face when asked to get off that reddit site"
"Shakesbear"
"But soft..."
"Today I realized that I missed my first cake-day this is how I feel...."
"Pacman's origin story finally revealed"
"I heard you guys go crazy over cats"
"Me after my roommate moved out and I finally got to rearrange the furniture..."
"On the rare occasion I'm surfing reddit on an actual computer and not my phone."
"Just broke up with my girlfriend"
"When my wife takes out her dentures..."
"How I feel walking into the bathroom at work to poop and all the stalls are free (FIXED)"
"How I felt after converting my VMs to thin provisioned disk."
"Does this not look like a dick?"
"Googled &quot;Reddit downvote&quot; and got this. Never. Downvoting. Again."
"Every time I post something I think is funny to reddit"
"T-Rex on a bed. yup"
"What it's like talking to a fundamentalist"
"Someone tried to tell me that Christianity was villainized in the media."
"Boss just asked me if I wanted to work the weekend"
"When my boss's high school son asks me to find weed for him"
"Me when I realized I missed my first cake day"
"This shit creeps me out..."
"So I googled &quot;Penis Nightmares&quot;"
"Caught in the act"
"Everything about being a slave sucked.."
"Suddenly  roller coasters."
"Do NOT forget the last step."
"In case you were wondering....."
"When I finish a paper for class the next day"
"What I feel like after finishing my paper at 4 in the morning"
"Finishing a paper at 3:30AM"
"It's dissertation day today at my uni  felt this was relevant"
"I've been working 16 hours straight on a paper due in 1 hour...I feel like shit"
"Breaking Bad's Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston raided the props department for halloween"
"Bryan Cranston dressed as Uncle Tio (bonus Jesse as a Pollo)"
"Bryan Cranston as Uncle Tio  This maybe the best picture ever."
"Venom"
"Don't normally watch Big bang theory but this is genius."
"Not a fuck was given."
"So I googled &quot;easy reddit karma&quot;"
"My friend sent his cat"
"How I feel knowing I cant afford to buy a ps3 and borderlands 2."
"how sad"
"The $50 Lesson"
"The $50 lesson [TFM]"
"The $50 Lesson"
"High Five! - Go F yourself.."
"Surprised Cat"
"Cat in a box"
"Concerned cat is concerned."
"Being the only high one at a party full of drunk people"
"If you're happy and you know it"
"Freddie Mercury: Lover Of Life  Singer Of Songs. 5th September 1946 - 24th November 1991."
"Today would of been this man's 66th birthday. Happy Birthday Freddie Mercury!"
"My girlfriend after being introduced to reddit."
"Have a bet with my friends I cant get 200 karma in 2 days. Prove them wrong  reddit?"
"Have a bet with my friends I cant get 200 karma in 2 days. Prove them wrong  reddit?"
"What lurkers feel like when they finally join"
"My soul"
"How you know your beer goggles have worn off."
"I'd hit it"
"Soon"
"Metoer"
"Meteor. Stahp."
"How I felt after posting something with a spelling error and not getting down voted or called out."
"How the internet feels about Romney's social media campaign"
"When middle schoolers walk through the high school hallway (we share a building)"
"Two kinds of goodbye"
"imagine no religion."
"When I see a DIY project album with more than 5 pictures"
"When I want to make a cool upvote gif."
"I'd like to make an upvote gif but..."
"My reaction to all your 'studying for finals' posts."
"My cake came early and ugly"
"Edinburgh Castle  Scotland"
"been waiting for this episode for soooo long."
"I wish you were here..."
"Guinea pigs out for a bath"
"Mom and her pups"
"Laughing men eating fruit salad"
"&quot;what is this 'Slender' game people keep talking about?&quot;"
"My first reaction to r/spacedicks"
"Treadmill? More like Trollmill"
"How hard can it be?"
"Huargh!!"
"Did not see that coming."
"Those shoes..."
"Go home shoes  youre drunk!"
"Starting A Fire Like A Boss"
"Gangnam Style!"
"Come at me!"
"How i feel unsubscribing from r/aww..."
"♥ We loves one another ♥ ^_^"
"such cute animals"
"How i feel when i get home from work and have a cuddle with my family..."
"I didn't know they had urinals on the U.S.S. Enterprise"
"Remember These?"
"The things I would do to have you back in my life..."
"What I imagine what happens to make reddit to go down."
"I got to a school that only likes 9GAG  this is mfw I get ganged up on about how 9GAG is better."
"For god's sake  blow out the shot first!"
"How my first few experiences with girls went"
"Cool beer guy"
"i get slightly amused when my coworkers argue with each other"
"Invisible Hulk SMASH!"
"Trying to fit into my pants after the holidays."
"Dat."
"Dad is an Asshole"
"Al Capone's prison cell"
"Father and son - one person"
"Father and son"
"Dafuq?"
"How I feel as someone who just started reading the series after talking to my friends who have read everything thus far."
"Moist owlet anyone?"
"Told my gf a joke mid-drink"
"Being the sober person and everyone else is drunk.."
"Target selected"
"Target: assassinated"
"Inside Google's Data Centers"
"Inside Google's Data Centers"
"It's amazing that he's still alive."
"This is a title."
"Never fails to make me laugh."
"What History Channel's Sturgis week ad feels like. With Pickers (find old crap) and Pawn Shops (sell old crap)"
"How I Feel When I Try To Dress Nice..."
"Me  as pertaining to getting the girl I like..."
"how i feel texting my crush [FIXED]"
"Filling out my March Madness bracket  every year."
"How I feel on Google today"
"When my roommates explain Dragonball to me"
"How I feel as a medical student trying to read abdominal CT scans"
"The parts to my new $800 gaming PC came in today"
"How I feel trying to come up with something funny on Reddit."
"How I feel giving my girlfriend a massage"
"everyone at CERN today [fixed]"
"When I'm playing SpaceChem"
"How I feel playing Sim City 3000 for the first time"
"how I feel trying to find college scholarships"
"In Oregon it's illegal to pump your own gas. This is how I feel whenever I have to fill up out of state."
"This is the incredible snapshot that appears to show an insect riding off into the sunset - on a bicycle."
"Ah  young love."
"WE AT IT AGAIN"
"My non-redditor friends just can't compete"
"Matrix Morpheus"
"Team Rockets theme song tailored for Romney"
"Lasting consequences of a failed system."
"North Korea: The worlds darkest country"
"How it feels having a migraine at work."
"(fake)Robot Rock!"
"Mrs. Roboto"
"Leela does the robot"
"Penguin x Llama &gt; Twilight?"
"Because that's logical."
"Came up on my newsfeed"
"So by this logic we don't have brains now? Seems legit..."
"i dont want to live on this planet anymore (FB)"
"I'm in Britian. I'm not in the bible belt. I thought my FB was safe from stuff like this. I was wrong."
"Seen this too many times to not post"
"I think a lobotomy might disagree."
"What I feel people in Colorado are thinking"
"How I feel when my post has 5 upvotes an hour after posting."
"Saw this today on the subway"
"Mitt Romney's campaign is so dead..."
"Young girl smoking"
"Candy cigarette"
"Best &quot;Deal with It&quot; gif ever!"
"Godzilla's thoughts on Japan"
"Ready to pick up some bitches?"
"I would save so much money..."
"something's fucky"
"home from university and i see my old room"
"Every time I overhear &quot;Girl Talk&quot;"
"A group photo on a bridge gone wrong"
"I'm guessing there were a few injuries from this."
"How to avoid a Christian."
"Friend brought a dog over - next room over."
"Duel of the Cat"
"How it feels trying to get to the frontpage"
"When it floods in Charleston..."
"Alpaca before and after shearing. That is all."
"Real life R2-D2 here for the win"
"A 4channer tattoo's a penis onto the forehead of an unconscious party goer."
"Who ordered the Warm Grey Kitten Ball?"
"This pokemon comic always makes me laugh."
"Everyday I'm Dumblin'"
"How I feel on reddit after clicking all the links on the front page."
"Who is he waiting for?"
"They'll come"
"Spongebob's coffe break"
"What I always imagined while listening to this song"
"13 hours until Torchlight II unlocks on Steam"
"Good job  stud"
"How I feel after telling a joke that no one finds funny..."
"I think a comma would help here"
"Hey  Robby...! [FB]"
"Ah...Nature."
"BEAR PUNCH"
"Ouch."
"ummm...you left your headlights on."
"repost but i cant find it now &quot;headlights on girl&quot;"
"Appropriate Reaction"
"Ron Swanson's Pyramid of Greatness"
"I strictly adhere to this"
"How the rugby should be played"
"How rugby should be played"
"The Moonwalking Manakin Bird"
"You can't touch this."
"Reincarnation is a bitch"
"Honest Ski Signs at Ski Resort"
"I have never seen anything quite like a Fennec Fox till today. Big ear love!"
"Seriously  who wouldn't want one of these cuties?"
"Smashing dance"
"This is how we would look"
"Cat mop"
"Just got done with the semester and this is all i can think of (repost)"
"My reaction when I see a status update on facebook that begins with &quot;Chik-Fil-A&quot;"
"Boss giving me something at lunch to &quot;improve&quot; my work skills."
"Guess why I got fired?"
"A book? Psh....yeah right."
"America. F Yeah."
"Idiocy isn't forever  but ink is."
"She not yo hoe no mo."
"Science!"
"Science for the Win!"
"Let us pause our war with the theists for a simple heart-warming comic."
"Yet another reason as to why I love this show"
"This looks fun."
"dont know who's kitty this is  but its my desktop background and makes me smile everyday!"
"Where's Wall-e?"
"If you can recognize more than 30 robots in this pic  you are officially a master-geek"
"Found this on George Takei's wall."
"Where's WALL·E?"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Shut up and take my money"
"Its been a while.."
"doctor visit"
"It's been quite a while..."
"i can take it you havent had sex in a while?"
"Haven't had sex in a while..."
"My reaction when my brother told my parents my reddit username"
"Me  when my coworker starts telling a gay joke in front of our closet-gay IT guy"
"When someone talks about a movie I haven't seen yet  but want to"
"This is me every Saturday night after a long work week..."
"OBESE CHILD LOL"
"A dog within a dog....woaaa!"
"Yo dog  I heard you like dog..."
"We are the 1%."
"How I feel moving from shit retail into my field."
"Chakkuchakkuchakku"
"Chakkuchakkuchakku (fixed) - I was disappointed"
"This mask took guts to make"
"Dat ass"
"These 2-12' subs go hard!!!"
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"this actually makes my day - Imgur"
"Well  thanks anyway"
"Fast Food Tray Wipeout"
"RESTAURANT NINJA DON'T TAKE SHIT"
"Work ninja"
"Still the best .gif known to this date."
"This is a scientific experiment as well as a repost"
"You see this tray? Fuck you."
"nobody messes up my flow  bitch"
"It has been 1 year since....."
"Kitchen Ninja"
"Ninja Level: Pizza Guy."
"Damn Ninja"
"Don't fuck with this guy."
"Don't mess with this dude."
"Cafeteria ninja"
"The epitome of badass."
"Sorry if this is a repost but I saw it and immediately thought of.......basically all of reddit lol"
"This is me going through Relevant_Rule34's posting history."
"How I react to my friends sex stories."
"I feel pretty"
"I'm a pretty little princess!"
"I'm a pretty pretty ballerina... look at me spin  dance and twirl!"
"I'm a pretty pretty ballerina... look at me spin  dance and twirl!"
"After a hot shower  and manscaping my bawls"
"Black guy slide"
"black guy slide [Fixed]"
"So much like the original"
"No words needed..."
"Super-cool gif of a rotating  3D nebula"
"Solitaire dealt a game where not a single move was possible."
"Indian Yo-Mama Joke"
"Indian yo-mama joke"
"Call of Duty Cat"
"A duck feeding fish. that is all."
"Feeding the koi fish"
"Me Drunk Upvoting"
"When I found out I could upvote by pressing the 'A' button"
"Most WTF gif I've ever seen!"
"Most fucked up thing I've seen in a gif! [x-post form r/WTF]"
"Got something in your eye [FIXED]"
"Hungry Eyes?"
"The Face of Evil"
"Burnt-out bunny."
"How I feel by Wednesday afternoon..."
"It gets to 5am and I'm still on reddit  think I might as well pull an all-nighter when spontaneous naptime kicks in."
"How I felt as a youth when I unintentionally popped a boner in public."
"How I feel when I sense an argument with my girlfriend coming..."
"The Dark Knight Rises ending [SPOILERS]"
"After Zilean connects with his time bomb"
"Silly Shave!"
"Just a Shaved Llama"
"Soon"
"GUYS! GUYS! SQUIRREL! GUYS! SQUIRREL! [OC]"
"found this on Facebook lol"
"So I was browsing around for tattoo ideas when suddenly..."
"crazy cat lady starter kit"
"Went back on reddit after a moment finding Obama doing an IAMA"
"Hopped on here and saw that slice of cake."
"Dog Jump Fail"
"Dog Jump Fail"
"I use this when I don't understand something. I use it pretty often on Reddit."
"I laugh every time i see this gif of Stanley from The Office."
"How to get free Lunch"
"How I spend most of my time on the fb app."
"Two benadryl and a zyrtec at the same time."
"My SO left yesterday for 4 months..."
"really bad meme use [fb]"
"Seriously? 128 000 people liked on FB"
"It annoys me when people don't use memes the right way -_- [FB]"
"Found on Facebook  and now I'm atheist."
"On my Facebook today. That escalated quickly!"
"Seriously Facebook?"
"Rated mildly to very disturbing"
"Seriously  Claire?"
"Seriously  Claire?"
"This Girl is a keeper"
"Friend posted this on facebook"
"Whenever I smell a fresh bag."
"My face when I wake up to the smell of my wife cooking bacon"
"Next time your friend leaves their iPhone out..."
"If your friend leaves their iphone out"
"How to cheer a Redditor up when they're frustrated and angry"
"Hey  could you find us some bubbles and Barry White? We'd like a moment alone."
"Kitties in the sink!!!"
"We is Hot Tubbin"
"My Friend's Friend's Cats."
"Perfect Evening Walk."
"Microwave that shit"
"Pamperchu"
"Grown man surfs dumpsters for diapers and wears them"
"This makes me happy"
"This fucking guy."
"Then  there's Denny [Pic][x-post from r/funny]"
"Ms Marvel."
"How I felt reading the comments in the groom sees bride thread."
"Perfect valentines card"
"I wonder what grade they got on their presentation"
"Optical Illusion: Clockwise or counterclockwise?"
"My friends' dog is PedoDog."
"One giant size shit bitch bear."
"One Giant Size Shit Bitch Bear ... yep ..."
"An honest teddy bear"
"When somebody's repost of your stuff does well  while yours did terrible"
"this is how I felt when I found out bioshock infinite was being delayed"
"Hearing about kids with chill parents"
"I must have wasted years of my life by now..."
"Or google chrome."
"Just a ladybug"
"Simple beauty"
"Asian Redditor's Wife"
"Walked in on my roommate and his girlfriend last night..."
"My reaction after I saw that i got an A on a final I thought I bombed."
"Hot right now..."
"Everytime they play &quot;my song&quot; at the club"
"Damn  Zooey...that's cold."
"Not really pretentious then..."
"This image speaks volumes."
"The image speaks volumes."
"Modern Family"
"And the most notorious lack of ass genetics goes to..."
"You used me."
"ARCTIC FOXXXX!!!"
"Arctic Fox!! [x-post from pics]"
"When I go to the gym and my regular locker is already being used"
"A guy stole my first successful link and put it on 9GAG"
"Heh"
"Kitty laundry"
"Wat i look like doin Laundry at an [8]"
"When the OP is being a dick."
"With this format  it doesn't matter what it says."
"Oh  those doggers [OC]"
"When I see some quality OC"
"How to kill a walrus"
"My theory on what caused the Jupiter crash."
"how i felt when i found out my test score was higher than the smartest kid in class"
"How I looked waiting to reach 100 link karma after 3 months of reddit"
"&quot;There's donuts in the conference room&quot;"
"When I got my first 100+ upvote post."
"My reaction when someone famous replies to one of my tweets"
"How I feel on my birthday checking my Facebook notifications"
"How i felt when no diablo posts on front page today"
"When my first post on Reddit gets upvoted"
"Its my friends birthday so I put this on his facebook"
"THE THOUGHT OF CAKE-DAY KARMA"
"How I feel knowing my birthday is tomorrow"
"how i feel finally getting 1 comment karma"
"me when my karma goes up"
"How I felt when Obama used the Not Bad meme that I made last year."
"When I found out the manager that treated me unfairly got fired."
"When I'm at a concert and the band starts playing my favorite song"
"When they pull out the ice cream..."
"My face when an old fuck buddy calls me out of the blue."
"Like a boss"
"He's Safe"
"Letting go can be hard sometimes..."
"Long live the king."
"Long Live the King!"
"Did you ever go bungee jumping and change your mind at the last minute? Good thing there's experienced staff to help...."
"I regret nothing"
"Like a record baby"
"Spinnin' Round"
"spin me round."
"Abusive relationships suck!"
"A relationship with god is a textbook abusive relationship."
"Work would be awesome if..."
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"How they do it in Detroit."
"Church Rallies..."
"What it's going to be like after my last exam today"
"i dont even know whats going on"
"/r/gaben is at it again"
"Accurate depiction of reddit after finding out of Obama's AMA"
"Golden Eagle's talons or &quot;Damn nature  you scary!&quot;"
"Can't decide on a presidential candidate?"
"Tired of upvoting Anniversary Xbox?"
"Darth Vader on Pink Floyd"
"So do I Darth  so do I."
"Dark side of the moon"
"Nabisco  you are a genius!"
"Prometheus stole fire from Zeus and gave it to mortals"
"Firecrotch"
"Guy lights his crotch on fire"
"I think this belongs here (X-post from woahdude)"
"EVERYONE!"
"EVERYONE"
"EVERYONE!!"
"I fucked Wall-E"
"Dear Microsoft  when you make your next console please leave this exactly the same"
"Pretty sweet for emulators [Fixed]"
"Hunting season in Canada gone wrong......or right depending on your perspective"
"Canada!:)"
"This picture has been bouncing around facebook. If this is a re-post  I beg your pardon. I wish I knew to whom I could give credit but regretfully  I don't know."
"Human Season"
"I had a dream  once  that went a little like this"
"Meanwhile... In Canada."
"huntin'"
"The tables have turned"
"their only regret was not bringing more tags."
"What happens in Canada stays in Canada..."
"Searched Google for Nail Designs → Biting Nails disgusting!"
"it came to my attention that most redditors bite their nails. right?"
"I created a budget 3 monitor stand. Cost £25 (~$40 USD). Details in imgur album."
"/r/battlestations suggested I post this here. A budget 3 monitor stand for under £25 (~$40 USD)."
"My little girl tuckered"
"Visit reddit and see account age is 366 days"
"As a redditor trying to type a comment to the President's AMA"
"My reaction upon realising I'd missed my cake day"
"you're doing it wrong"
"I have a strong suspicion this lads name is Tyrone..."
"Booth. John Booth."
"Booth. John Booth."
"My friend posted this to Facebook. Gotta love NY..."
"Interesting poster placement"
"So it was 007 the whole time ..."
"Just a panda sitting in an airplane.."
"Dude  I think I forgot my bamboo."
"Harro Der"
"Haha  remember that time you killed all those padawans?"
"Darth and Yoda"
"May The Woof Be With You"
"May The Woof Be With You"
"Escape the mighty Friend Zone"
"Escape the f***ing Friend Zone"
"F*ck the police"
"When i pull the cord of my PC instead of shutting it down"
"The origin of Angry Birds?"
"Similarities between a Muppet and an Angry Birds"
"Angry birds solved....."
"A child's skull before baby teeth fall out"
"never trusting children again."
"What happens when the most important man in the world decides to do an AMA"
"So this just popped up on my newsfeed (FB)"
"Muthafucker"
"Motha'fucka!"
"Todays my first day on reddit. How I feel."
"How have I not seen this before (Alison Brie and Gillian Jacobs) NSFW"
"Alison Brie and Gillian Jacobs (from Community) did a photoshoot for GQ... [NSFW]"
"This must be what heaven is like. (Alison Brie and Gillian Jacobs)"
"pizza can save lives!"
"First-World Atheist Problems"
"19 of 19 people found they had something in their eye after reading the following product review."
"The real best .gif ever"
"@ [7] i found r/gifsound it has been life changing. here is bacon (i had to click picture to make work)"
"How I feel downvoting posts on the front page."
"How I feel when downvoting every comment in a reddit pun thread."
"Punch x 5"
"Making it to the top in a 1000 comment thread"
"Glow Stones mixed into concrete for a glow in the dark driveway."
"I have no idea what glow stone is  but it makes for a magical driveway."
"AYYYYY MACARENA"
"A bear with some moves."
"Go away! Nothing to see here"
"Big Jake  the tallest horse in the world"
"&quot;Jesus is my RELATIONSHIP... not my RELIGION..&quot; How would Reddit respond?"
"Transit of Venus: You're doing it wrong..."
"OH MY GOD  WHO THE FUCK CARES"
"When I see a user post the same link to more than one sub."
"Me on Reddit when I say something nice about Apple"
"How I feel once I've past the 1000th post on Reddit's Front Page"
"My favourite scene from Borat"
"When my roommate and I have the same day off work."
"Bum buh buh buh bum"
"me and my roommate both started selling"
"How I felt seeing President Obama doing an IAMA"
"When I stub both toes in the middle of the night."
"I have concerns about the new Wolverine movie."
"It probably seemed like a genius idea at the time…"
"tough times..."
"WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON!?!??!?"
"It was inevitable..."
"The best grandpa ever."
"I was looking around on this art website I post on. I then found this."
"The real Derpina"
"Well.. I don't even.."
"Feelings"
"Oh  there's your messiah now."
"Endless power over all creation and this is how Jesus chooses to reveal himself?"
"Dogs butthole that looks like jesus... Your move atheists"
"This is how I feel when it comes to most things in the bible"
"Tell them about that one time I fought the dragon!"
"Did you know Jesus fought a dragon?"
"The Bible would have been better off."
"How I felt as a kid when I threw pokemon cards away and watched kids scramble to get them"
"The Dark Knight Rises: what my broke friends and I will look like this weekend."
"When my post actually has more upvotes then downvotes."
"me after passing my drug test"
"How i feel when i wake up and one of my posts has 500 karma...."
"What it felt like waking up to my karma being tripled overnight"
"Poor girl looks like Butthead"
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"He had so much to live for"
"Goodbye cruel world: xpost from r/pics"
"Suicide at Wendys"
"Getting down-voted on Cake Day"
"How i feel when my ex steps into the same room as me in a party"
"seeing the speed limit sign on the highway while in bumper to bumper traffic..."
"When a girl texts me to come over."
"How I look at My Morning Classes."
"Who can say why your heart sighs."
"The blackest man I've ever seen"
"The Prank to end all pranks"
"T-Rex &amp; class participation"
"Poor T-Rex"
"New Orleans Streetcar"
"I want to be like mommy!"
"When I grow up... I want to be like mommy"
"Just like mommy"
"Kids always hilarious...:D"
"This guy gets all the ladies!"
"my brother and i after we learned a new trick"
"Don't lie  you did this."
"I don't get why. Repost from r/gifs."
"I miss doing this"
"Too damn perfect"
"Push it to the limit!"
"A wizard did it"
"Do not want!"
"Sour"
"How I feel when I try to be a &quot;Knight of New&quot;"
"Puppy vs lime..."
"Puppy vs. Lime"
"Me whenever I take tequila shots"
"We otter be friends"
"Furry love  not what you think."
"My reaction to people who claim LOLCats were the first meme."
"Don't worry He's good."
"So many boobys"
"I think we all know this feeling..."
"Fuck Yo' Couch!"
"Why does this even exist?"
"how i feel as a college senior"
"I don't recall this size on the menu."
"Arrested Development memes (xpost from /r/arresteddevelopment)"
"Hang Ken Cave  Vietnam"
"Pacman"
"Wakka Wakka Wakka Wakka"
"Put your finger in your ear and scratch."
"When I make a great comeback!"
"WTF is the only thing to say."
"Steve Buscemi had a boy."
"I don't even.....I don't even know"
"Scumbag colleagues always throwing shit around in office"
"Warned ya.."
"Working at the office..."
"When I spend tons of time thinking of something to post on Reddit  only to get it down voted into oblivion."
"That's racist  super racist!"
"Contrast"
"Contrast"
"Clear wall between rich and poor"
"Japanese Deer"
"Patience."
"If it ever got that bad.."
"uhh...i have no words for this"
"The original  original &quot;Here Comes Honey Boo-Boo&quot;"
"Haters gonna hate."
"“Happy birthday to… me. Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday dear me. Happy birthday to… me. (sigh) I sang this song alone this year too. When will someone sing the song for me?”"
"It's my reddit birthday"
"How I feel on my cake day"
"That awkward moment when everyone is singing you happy birthday."
"This cat is psyched for dessert"
"My Girlfriend left me on my Birthday-This is how I feel..."
"Today is my birthday. This is how I feel because nobody knows."
"I figure if I include my cake day and cats  you would be obligated to upvote my blackass"
"Good Boy!"
"Dick Pic's (SFW)"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend??"
"Guys... guys.. listen..."
"Laugh you lose thread on 4Chan...i lost"
"I don't know why  but this still cracks me up every time i read it"
"Dinosaurs were high as balls."
"One of my personal favorites"
"Walken Wonderland"
"Walken in a winter wonderland"
"Bad puns are the best (Spoiler:Christopher Walken)"
"Laughed a little too hard."
"This was just replied to me... What!?"
"How I Felt When I Discovered /r/AnimalsWithoutNecks."
"Amazing: Actual picture of the Saturn"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [Fixed]"
"Happy Halloween From Australia [Fixed]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia(fixed)"
"Happy Halloween from Australia! [FIXED]"
"Thats my candy!"
"Parent of the Year [FB]"
"(FB) Mother of the Century...."
"Hardanger Bridge  Norway - Awesome Shot!"
"how to get where you're going."
"Screw GPS  this is all I need."
"I'll follow these next time I'm on a road trip."
"How to get to your destination"
"Rock and Roll Destination Index"
"That moment when someone else makes the front page with a pic you've had for weeks."
"How I felt waking up today."
"I eat bunny poop!"
"Y  R and U..."
"Obamas new gun control policy"
"With Goddamn Katans!"
"Thanks Obama!"
"If only he actually did this"
"If we fits  we sits!"
"I hate when my faucet leaks cats"
"My debate stream froze at an opportune and amusing moment."
"A new look for the candidates"
"I always thought Romney was more of a crew cut guy"
"Imagine the outcome of the debates if this was the case..."
"I support Obamahair..."
"HAIRCUT SWAP!"
"If Obama and Romney swapped their hair"
"taken from a friend...If romney and obama switched hair"
"Obamny... Robama?"
"Debate hair swap"
"If Romney and Obama switched hair..."
"Hair swap!"
"Mitt Obama / Barack Romney"
"Some Things Just Should Not Be"
"fuck cops"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Got some OC here for you guys"
"Extreme Sour Lemon"
"Renee is constantly eating these"
"Too sour for me"
"First day of filming"
"2 for flinching."
"Well that took an unexpected twist"
"Googled &quot;random shit&quot; on images and this was the second entry... this summarizes addicted redditors"
"searched random shit. Was not dissapointed"
"I don't always go on facebook..."
"Flirting on Facebook..."
"I don't always play video games..."
"Thanks Digg! Without you and your terrible redesign  I never would have discovered Reddit!"
"A friend just posted this gem on FB"
"Most Interesting Man and his iPod"
"I don't always listen to the radio"
"So Mitt has a thing for three rings..."
"Featuring Romney as Black Swan"
"Romney: u mad bro?"
"On my FB feed: &quot;Ok  so I had been holding &quot;it&quot; until I found a stall and I went to reach for the TP and I see this.......&quot;"
"For all those hard core gamers out there..."
"How I imagine most of the submitters to r/aww"
"How it feels opening reddit in the morning."
"When people ask if I'm seeing anyone"
"Adam West as Reddit"
"They're more fun than a pillow fight..."
"How the debate should have been settled"
"Mechanical Shaft..... you're dam right!"
"You're damn right!"
"You're Daaaamn Right"
"Damn Right!"
"Bears don't dance. They wobble."
"Drop it drop it low"
"got 2 scratch my ass"
"Serious Scratchin"
"Firefighters spent hours fighting a warehouse fire in Chicago. The ice won."
"Firefighters leave warehouse frozen in Chicago cold"
"After Fire  Chicago Warehouse Covered in Ice - Imgur"
"Excavator ride"
"A Whole New World"
"Gymnastics  like a boss."
"I have been laughing at this for minutes..."
"Jumping into an ice cold lake."
"How i feel sometimes when reading the comments"
"It's too late..."
"Check yo' self..."
"Whew....had me worried for a second"
"Thought this belonged here (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Classic Will Smith"
"The definition of smooth"
"I think he's doing it right... I think."
"Hot ass"
"Slumber Party Antics"
"Slumber Party Antics [gif]"
"Petting Zoo. [x-post from /r/StandUpShots]"
"Coolest kid ever."
"The Fast and The Furious: Polio Drift"
"This guy stops at nothing"
"How it really feels to get over a thousand upvotes"
"Forget Obama  I am voting for this guy!"
"Day Nurse"
"best shirt ever  or best shirt ever?"
"Best. Shirt. Ever"
"Everytime"
"catching up with reddit in the morning"
"Challenge Accepted (gif)"
"when i eat lunch at my desk and everyone interrupts me"
"Fucking Incredible!"
"B-B-B-Bouncing!"
"Igloo village in Finland"
"Finland"
"GODDAMN WINGS"
"If you never did this ..."
"I see what you did there."
"I  too  can make something interesting with my hands and access to the internet."
"I still have night terrors about this box... O_O"
"Whose Line is it Anyway?"
"Who's Line Is It Anyway?"
"Brought to you by Aldrin Games"
"Smart Boy."
"Make a wish!"
"George Carlin on people  I agree..."
"Fuck umbrellas."
"Under mah umbrella ella ella eh? eh?"
"#swag"
"Spider's Swag"
"Osama Potter"
"Osama Potter"
"It wasn't hard."
"Why today was chosen as Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day."
"You are not scared. You are an asshole. -Morgan Freeman"
"&quot;Never half-ass two things...&quot; - Ron Swanson [495x273]"
"Words to live by"
"Spot the differences"
"Brocat Daps"
"How it must feel to be Grumpy Cat's owner"
"There  I fixed it!"
"Guy messes up neatly organised display and then claims to have organised it by inverting photograph order for that candy-coated karma."
"There  I fixed it [fixed]"
"His logic makes sense..."
"Baby chimp vs. wood"
"I don't want to work."
"How I feel at my new job. (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"Caught in a landslide  no escape from reality."
"Bohemian Rhapsody (not just Fanta Sea)"
"'Bohemian RhapSoda'"
"Fanta sea?"
"How I feel when playing Team Fortress 2"
"How I feel trying to Post on r/funny"
"Googled &quot;'murica&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"Pudding"
"MY Sitting flip style (^..^)"
"Bullies"
"Halp! They've got me cornered!"
"How I feel about the upcoming debate"
"My grandfather attached this to an email he sent me. &quot;How boobs got their name&quot;"
"one of the scariest swaps i've seen..."
"I miss you friends"
"Attempt at Re-swaping."
"The truth about magazines."
"Ever Google 'scissoring' with the safe search on?"
"I know that feel bro"
"A classmate got kicked out of the honors program at my University. He sent this to the department a year later."
"What I imagine being on the frontpage is like"
"My friend's first photoshop: Force Lightning Cat"
"This has been my wallpaper for some time now  it stills makes everyone laugh when they walk in."
"Just out for a drive"
"What?"
"IED Roadside bomb"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"THE THOMCAT SAYS: ♫♪ meow meow meow ♪♫"
"Opening my laptop in a lecture after looking at porn last night"
"it's like he did nothing wrong"
"I wish I had sympathy"
"REASONS WHY PEOPLE WHO WORK WITH COMPUTERS SEEM TO HAVE A LOT OF SPARE TIME."
"reasons why people who work with computers seem to have a lot of spare time"
"Guess who's making this beauty their new profile picture."
"Wu Tang Clan Ain't Nothing To Fuck With."
"When you spend hours looking for a Pokemon to the point where you almost run from it accidentally from all the repetition."
"Finding out today's my cakeday  only to realize it ends in 30 minues"
"When i realized that bigoted controversial statements earn more karma than OC"
"And so it begins..."
"TatooineLand"
"Disney  you may have purchased Star Wars  but in a profound way  the mythos belongs to all of us. We're putting our trust in you  so please  make us proud. As a gesture of good faith  I have made this image to commemorate the occasion."
"Since Disney is making a Star Wars movie... [ credits to Peter Hyoguchi facebook page ]"
"A New Hope?"
"Damn it."
"Walt Disney's Star Wars"
"What's that boy? You say Jimmy is stuck in the pond?"
"CRUNKBABY"
"The cutest sea creature ever. I present to you  the axolotl."
"Far too few axolotl's here."
"How I feel right after my last exam"
"The last few days  I've been sleeping nude and going commando."
"My Reaction to Discovering /r/insects.."
"After multiple failed submissions to reddit"
"Shaking Off"
"Kitty showers"
"National Geographic picture of the year"
"After 8 years in a Jetta  this is how I feel parking my new F-150."
"When you know to turn the volume down"
"Like my Scrumbleship?"
"Made a couple years ago  my best freehand pumpkin carving to date."
"Nothing impressive  but Happy Halloween  r/bicycling."
"Got my first gun for my new career. Never owned one and was checking it out. Amazed"
"See you guys Saturday  hopefully."
"This is finally it guys..."
"With the Mayan Apocalypse creeping closer..."
"So this is the day before the end of the world."
"With the end of the world approaching..."
"According to the Mayans"
"I'm wondering where all these posts are right now..."
"Zelda predicts it too! The Mayans were right! Ahhhhh!"
"There is no better time for a Majora's Mask reference than today."
"Well you're talented at stupid hairdos..."
"Receiving my cakeday wishes on facebook as a guy"
"Alien vs Predator: The Final Showdown (x-post r/popcult)"
"Reddit  I present to you  the cat elevator."
"People of wallmart has reached a new low"
"the way that man has his gatorade in the cart is genius"
"stop it! [fixed]"
"After this happens  I get up and get onto his side...but it starts all over again."
"This has sadly happened more than once."
"Oh Florida..."
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Sleep in the beach."
"A real friends help you molt."
"Chill Frog."
"Easily the cutest thing I've seen all day."
"Not enough Spider-man here"
"I believe this should be reposted"
"Josh Romney"
"Josh Romney: New"
"Gosh that Italian family at the next table sure is quiet."
"Josh Romney as seen on r/pics (bigger picture)"
"Josh Romney  American Psycho Romney Edition !!!"
"Meanwhile in Edmonton..."
"Mfw I fart."
"Everyone on r/Apple today..."
"Reddit  I tried Nutella for the first time this afternoon..."
"Peace Like A River"
"Desert River in Baja California  Mexico"
"Desert Rivers  Mexico"
"Desert Rivers  Mexico"
"Guy kayaking almost gets eaten by a whale"
"Meowstep"
"Hardcore Kitty Mosh"
"Air Guitar"
"Coming home from a vacation after not fapping for a week"
"Got this in my mail today  seems legit. Looks like I'm getting an iPad2!"
"Force Choke"
"Can I give you a hand with breakfast?"
"That moment."
"(spoiler alert) the joker and robin in high school together????"
"Curated Costume"
"Halloween? Check!"
"Turns out the restoration was more accurate than we all thought"
"Evolution of the iPhone"
"iPhone Timeline"
"When a Teacher calls on me when I'm not paying attention"
"My mom took 3 photoshop classes just so she can post things like this on her facebook."
"What are you looking at?"
"He's just.... different!"
"Like i give a fuck"
"Like I give a fuck..."
"Deal with it."
"How I feel when someone insults me  and i return with a great comeback"
"HIFW my comment is mega-downvoted and i already have 0 comment karma"
"Sure you can pet my elephant"
"Pimp Smack"
"Sick of your shit!"
"Don't touch me!"
"Perspective"
"The power of cropping a photo"
"Teamwork"
"The epitomal fundie atheist: Brian Griffin"
"The epitomal fundie atheist: Brian Griffin (x-post /r/atheism)"
"EVERYONE."
"HIFW Ive been up for 48 hours and I still have a whole day left to go"
"I predict this to be the most popular photo tomorrow"
"Here we go!"
"The time has come"
"Here we go guys.."
"Had to post this exactly at midnight for it to make sense."
"I've been waiting to post this for a year."
"Dawn of The Final Day"
"Good Luck Friends"
"Good Luck Friends"
"According to the Mayans"
"I've waited years to post this.."
"As we approach tomorrow."
"And so it begins..."
"Dawn of the Final Day"
"Reporting for duty"
"Hate me if you want  but with about 24 left until the world ends..."
"Dawn of the last day"
"Its finally here guys..."
"As predicted a year ago..."
"It's time..."
"I felt this was appropriate for today."
"Group picture!"
"Group photo!"
"Sunrise Reflected in a Bubble  Norway"
"This person is awesome."
"good guy dry cleaner"
"Evil Seagulls"
"Sleepy Kitten"
"He needs a bath"
"Um wut."
"Adventure Time with &quot;So Fresh&quot; Finn and Jake"
"Work it  boys."
"How I feel after coming home from work and realizing that a post I had made in the morning hit the front page"
"when i see that ass"
"pencilface"
"I really... Uhm..."
"Ah like th' roof o'yer mouf  CAN AH BARRAW' IT?"
"What goes through my head when people I vaguely know use FB to play the pity card or ask for handouts."
"How Apple execs must feel during a conference"
"My friend Adam has a dog who has the creepiest shadow ever"
"He's back..."
"Troll level: Cat"
"What religious people think they're doing..."
"What religious people think they're doing..."
"What religious people think they're doing... [xpost from r/funny]"
"What religious people think they are doing (x-post  r/funny)"
"Goodness Gracious Great Balls of Fire!"
"'Cause baby  you're a firework"
"Gallium"
"Gallium"
"When I get downvoted from 1 to 0"
"After several failed post  this is how I feel"
"Boop that head!"
"Its my real life bday so I'm bringing one of my faves"
"Hey cat  hey cat  hey cat  hey cat....Im going to Boop you"
"Knock Knock"
"Knock Knock"
"Knock Knock ..."
"Fuck Yea."
"Knock Knock"
"I finally got the promotion I was after... this is how I felt"
"How I feel in discussing things in my business classes."
"How I feel at work"
"MRW I got a job six months after getting my masters"
"Life goes on."
"Is anyone willing to accept the challenge?"
"I bet you can't find me!"
"LOL SRY BOSOX"
"Me when people post overused Wonka memes for karma"
"Steam servers five minutes after Summer Camp Specials begin"
"A challenger appears for greatest GIF on the internet."
"After one year  I present to you my favorite GIF."
"Oh Shit......DRUMMED!"
"Look at this adorable guy i found"
"What a JERK! [Animated GIF]"
"*boop*"
"This is how I feel posting on my first reddit birthday"
"one of the top gifs of this era"
"I got way too excited when I saw this."
"I wouldn't even know where to begin..."
"Draw Something choices"
"DANM PEACOCK YOU SCARY!!"
"Everytime I click a NSFL link."
"Nice Catch."
"trolling level: infinite"
"nuh uh"
"mmmHmmmmm!"
"Oh no you didn't"
"Dat shit cray"
"Dat Cray"
"Best Dexter themed cake ever!"
"how i feel now that i can post pics..."
"How I feel now that I have a decent amount of weights to lift."
"So I just went to the gym for the first time in years."
"When I see what somebody did there..."
"When s0crates82 grammar nazi'd the PotUS - Imgur"
"Question: &quot;You know what my dad gave me?&quot; Answer: &quot;AIDS?&quot;"
"Friend 1 asks &quot;you wanna know what my dad gave me?&quot; Friend 2 replies..."
"My son  now that he is starting to understand &quot;grown-up&quot; jokes on TV shows"
"Those Hippie Atheists"
"Yup  this describes all of us...."
"Me; if you use those fingers correctly."
"How it feels having the worst day of my life.....on my birthday today"
"Come at me bro"
"How I feel after the first bike ride of the season."
"Your modeling misfortune brings us laughter. Thank you."
"Transformers"
"Mini Bin Laden Transforms!"
"Transform!"
"After reading any facebook conversations between my friends..."
"Fuck this shit..."
"My reaction when I found out my friend made front page TWICE IN ONE DAY"
"When I see an interesting link  click it  and my internet goes out."
"How it feels to come home from work and see that I didn't get any cakeday karma"
"When somebody reposts my image for 800+ karma 6 months later"
"How I feel when I try to use the syntax &quot;!=&quot; for &quot;does not equal&quot; in VB..."
"Wtf nature?"
"So this lady usually charge $ 1 for the visit  $ 7 per photo  and $ 10 to film her passion fruit tree... I wonder why"
"Ripe for the *icking. NSFW"
"Ninja Daft Punks it!"
"Dance"
"Let's do this together..."
"Run for your lives."
"Wait for it."
"Room for two ?"
"Ever wondered how photographers take pictures of rock climbers? [FIXED]"
"Ever wondered how photographers take pictures of rock climbers?"
"Rock climbing photography."
"Ever wonder how photographers take pictures of rock climbers? [X-Post /r/pics]"
"How to photograph rock climbers"
"This doesn't look safe..."
"It's a trap  Mac."
"The best reversed gif of all time."
"How the west was won. 1870"
"The population of the American Bison decreased to less than 1000 by 1890 due to hunting."
"Oh  so that's why Bison almost went extinct...."
"How cool is this?"
"Everlasting Alcohol!"
"Resident evil XXX edition"
"Down in the valley of awesome"
"Cute yawn"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"Tall ship HMS Bounty sinking off the coast of North Carolina during the hurricane"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"This is what an artillery silencer looks like."
"The hell is going on here?"
"Rainbow horse jizzing a rainbow"
"How it feels to have my Cake Day on the Solstice"
"When you make the perfect gif for the Solstice [xpost from r/funny]"
"What the heck happened to this poor cat?"
"I think I could take him"
"Just another day at the park"
"i think its there first time seeing a ball and they entered a team"
"My mind is so full of fuck"
"Reddit  I give you Garth Vader. Not a repost  just made it."
"Kochia Hill  Hitachinaka City  Japan [960x1440]"
"Autumn in Hitachi Seaside Park  Japan."
"How I react when someone says something mean to me (.gif)"
"The moment my friend tells me &quot;Hope you used a condom!&quot; and realizing I made a huge mistake"
"Breakfast in Bed"
"The media is to blame."
"Life is frustrating"
"Disney and Porn are to blame"
"Disney vs. Porn: Sad  but True."
"My cake day and no Karma machines."
"Eruption of lightning"
"What Armageddon will probably look like"
"Red lightning during a volcanic eruption"
"An amazing shot of lightning with an active volcano"
"I wonder why the one guy starts clapping"
"&quot;Douchebag of the Year&quot; [x-post from r/WTF]"
"Douchebag of the year."
"I don't know if you can ever recover from this type of embarrassment"
"Talk about multitasking"
"A dog walking 3 puppies"
"My girlfriend tried to crack a nut on my coffee table. This is what happened."
"Walnuts  IKEA's Achilles Heel"
"My girlfriend tried to crack a nut on my coffee table. This is what happened. x-post from /WTF"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"Employee of the Month"
"I would NOT stand under that tree."
"NOPENOPENOPE  I REFUSE"
"Earth  seen from Mars on Saturday"
"Perspective"
"Animated Movie Poster for GhostBusters Inspired by Neon Signs"
"Animated Neon Movie Posters Should Be A Real Thing"
"This guy has GOT to be a redditor."
"Bubbles. (fixed)"
"Bubbles. [FIXED]"
"Great view  romantic  safe from zombies"
"Something for the whole family to enjoy..."
"Battle speed!"
"This is why I love living in Washington"
"When Shack met penda."
"Can't we settle this with a game of Calvin Ball?"
"Calvin and Hobbes vs. Pooh Bear (grown up style)"
"Before elections. After elections."
"First timer. Got what it takes?"
"Tall orange pants"
"To hell with the presidents  I want him."
"Honoring the legend"
"Give this man exactly what he deserves"
"Shit Just Got Real on Sesame Street"
"Burt and Ernie are not amused"
"Shit just got real!"
"Sesame Street on Romney's elimination of PBS"
"Sesame Street Strikes Back"
"Mitt Romney wants to shut off PBS?"
"One wish"
"One wish"
"10/10 would bang"
"Where do I get one of these?"
"Pudi zebra"
"Zebra's delight"
"The HardHouse Zebra"
"Everyday I'm shufflin'"
"OH  HAI."
"A pantomime zebra doing the running man"
"Madagascar on shrooms."
"Every day I'm shufflin'!"
"Here's to hoping no one has already made it."
"some guy told us to get off his lawn me and my friend looked at him like this"
"When I see a &quot;keep off the grass&quot; sign"
"New twist on a classic."
"It's my cakeday and i'll dance if i want too!"
"The last 5% of a download"
"Whenever a guy has trouble getting hard before sex"
"Skyrim DDR"
"Every time I see an Old Navy commercial on tv..."
"My reaction when I accidentally click on an Omegle or Facebook link in r/funny"
"How I feel when I see &quot;how I feel when...&quot; gifs."
"Awesome"
"Longcat alien"
"How I felt when I learned that our school computers had blocked reddit."
"Whenever one of my posts takes off."
"Simple beauty... A million colors..."
"How I view the reddit mentality"
"Never had a license..."
"Back to the future Dwight?"
"Always upset me...and Dwight"
"When ever someone shows me a &quot;Today is the day Marty McFly arrived in the future&quot; post..."
"Best friends."
"Come with me  brother"
"I'll help you out brother (/r/pics)"
"Albino Chimp"
"Some dreams do come true."
"Pretty much how I felt at work today."
"Thirsty??"
"a friend's dog  drinking coffee"
"I give to you the very first reddit post"
"I give to you  the very first 9gag post"
"Time to die."
"That's unforunate."
"I'm not sure why  but this continues to be one of my favorite pictures on the internet."
"They said I couldn't jump because I was a girl. Nailed it."
"I got this guys [gif]"
"I can totally make this jump!"
"every front page attempt"
"Got drunk last night and tried to dramatically jump into my bed"
"In the Olympic spirit  here's my favorite track &amp; field gif."
"Trying to join the Cleverbot karma train"
"An Ent's hardest decision at an [8]"
"Reddit likes one of these things and nukes the other from orbit  how would you handle THIS? [NSFW][NSFL]"
"You're welcome"
"Oppan coffee style!"
"Was listening to &quot;Shots&quot; by LMFAO and happened to stumble upon this beauty right when they started singing &quot;wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle&quot; (NSFW)"
"Sometimes nature can be violent and I understand that you can't interrupt it when filming... just thought this one went too far."
"wtf spider  i don't even.."
"NOPE. NO. NO. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE."
"Soon I will have my revenge..."
"just happened today"
"Classic"
"Is it me?"
"Hello?"
"Hello? Is it me you're looking for?"
"Why God never received a PHD"
"What a national tragedy looks like after 70 years"
"The Circle of Life"
"A bit morbid  don't know where it's from"
"Caution: Wide Load"
"They see me rollin"
"Ash hates Pikachu? I think not"
"Everyone always forgets Cookiecutter sharks..."
"A patch of four leaf clovers"
"pon de cold"
"Occupy Dragon Ball"
"New Dragonball Z movie screenshot"
"For the deniers..."
"Who here actually support Rick Santorum? I want to hear from you. (FIXED)"
"How i feel when my already thin girlfriend  asks if she needs to lose weight.."
"It was a simpler time."
"No Pokemon is more badass than an Aggron  BITCH!"
"When I get mass downvotes"
"Calm down"
"Whenever people make me Laugh really hard"
"Childhood = Ruined"
"Well... at least other parts of my childhood are still intact"
"Just running from a plane crash."
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"club cant even handle me right now"
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe..."
"i don't blame you"
"i don't blame you"
"Chuck Norris Doesn't Play Games"
"Petting a horse"
"How certain substances affect the aging process.[FIXED]"
"99.9% positive that this is true."
"I am Skeleton Jelly."
"Bonnie &amp; Clyde.."
"Oh god the flashbacks"
"The grinding in this game turned into nostalgia that can never be satisfied."
"No matter how long you played for  this game is pretty nostalgia inducing."
"Realistic fairy tales"
"A quote from Breaking Bad"
"This was in Aurora  Colorado yesterday. Not photoshopped."
"As the oldest in my family  I can testify to this."
"I'm walking on sunshine"
"So how was your commute today?"
"Huh what? Right! Uhh!"
"This is what I image shes listening to."
"After using dual monitors for the first time"
"I did not shave your wife (Super Antics)"
"My favorite thing from my first year on Reddit"
"oh  Superman!"
"The internet should appreciate this"
"Ladies  in need of some amazing nail art? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Don't know what color to paint your nails?"
"Painting your fingernails? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Need to paint you nails..."
"Need some nail art? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Brgrlllll"
"Don't know what to paint your nails? Why not Zoidberg"
"Need to paint your nails? Why not..."
"I bet we could explore the galaxy."
"So true. SFW"
"Catching some rays"
"My favorite fucking gif."
"The Weather Channel every 5 minutes [FIXED]"
"rule #1 - everyone must go to the bathroom before getting tucked in"
"Camping"
"An extremely rare white rhino  of which there are only four left in the entire world  in the Kenyan Ol Pejeta reservation  roams about the plains flanked by armed bodyguards"
"A Decade of Pixar Easter Eggs!"
"Our math teacher  the master of all four elements."
"So this was one of the teachers at my school today."
"One of the math teachers at my school went all out for Halloween today."
"Can you find Michigan?"
"Northwest wind lake effect yesterday"
"Today's Blizzard over Michigan"
"Lake Effect Snow vs. Michigan"
"Satellite view of lake effect winter clouds in Michigan"
"Michigan's 'Lake Effect' photographed from outer space."
"Lake effect snow."
"Lake effect snow bands over Michigan on Tuesday"
"NASA's photo of lake-effect clouds forming over Michigan"
"Every Friday For 13 Years"
"I see all of your European school lunches and raise you an American school lunch!"
"I See Your Swedish School Lunch  But Here's My &quot;Healthy&quot; American Lunch."
"is that mine?"
"HP vs LOTR"
"...son?...dad?..."
"Lighter?"
"Candy cigarette [FIXED]"
"Just a dog  swimming in a pool. loven life!"
"Not even one fuck given"
"My personal favorite"
"Mother of God"
"My president is better than yours"
"Best prank"
"Flawless victory!"
"Vikings had it right."
"Odin wins."
"All hail Thor!"
"Jesus overshadowed by Thor once again!"
"If it fits  it ships!"
"If I fits  I ships!"
"Finally i can finally relax"
"Glad that they adressed the people who believe this works."
"Oh  Fieldrunners..."
"Weird Chemical Reaction"
"Weird chemical reaction"
"Why does fire make this happen?"
"Please do"
"Every time I get called on to speak in class"
"FEAR ME"
"I fostered several karma machines. Here's one of them terrorizing a dollhouse."
"Giant Karma Machine"
"Thought I'd see what my kitten would do in a miniature house."
"CATZILLA: Friend who makes Doll Houses posted this on facebook"
"Just noticed this..."
"Just a typical day at the office"
"[New to reddit] So I'm at work(!) looking through reddit and stumbles upon the senctence &quot;../r/spacedicks..&quot;. I try it and..."
"When I found out that the book I chose for summer assignments isn't on Sparknotes"
"Cat Norris..."
"This kid could save Melbourne"
"I want a photo of myself just like this"
"Yukkkk!!! Eeeeeewww!!"
"Photobomb level 99"
"Ewwwwwwwww!"
"This panda is a dick."
"When my gf shows me the Gangman Style Video"
"Imma cry..."
"Soup of the day..."
"Soup of the day..."
"I'll have a bowl of soup... A very very large bowl of soup please"
"Everytime i see a cockroach."
"How vegans see eggs"
"Have mercy!!!!!"
"Remember me... as a lizard..."
"*waves*"
"Say the magic word"
"I see your 2002 multiplayer and raise-"
"To everyone who says &quot;Oh! looks like /r/KarmaConspiracy&quot;"
"To everybody who is complaining about having to go to work early in the morning  this is from everybody who works night shift."
"President Theodore Roosevelt holding an American flag and shooting a Bigfoot during a forest fire [pic]"
"Your argument is invalid."
"this picture is so america"
"Dat Pinky"
"Fear not  Christians  for you are not alone."
"Polyatheism"
"Looks like me in P.E"
"It's full of baby fat"
"Wtf!"
"Anytime someone says to stare at the screen for a minute"
"Reddit Birthday! Here's a picture of a beard made of cats."
"I searched &quot;cat beard&quot; on Google. This was the top result."
"i think reddit can agree on this religion  this is catgod"
"Saint Olaf of Reddit"
"I give you  the Reddit Beard"
"Googled 'cat lord'  was not dissapointed. I present to you Cat Zeus"
"Googled &quot; King of Reddit&quot;. I was not disappointed"
"Christian Rock"
"Hank Hill said it best"
"This is how i feel about most 'trolling'"
"Suddenly  Jesus"
"Oh  Jesus!"
"Oh  Jesus!"
"If you had a machine that could stop time."
"Starry Night  Reimagined"
"What Starry Night looked like in Van Gogh's mind"
"Starry Night by Alex Ruiz [1600 x 1071]"
"Yes  I did."
"[GIF] Extremely happy kid on Jimmy Kimmel Live"
"33 000 people live in here  in only 6.5 acres of land"
"Sardines."
"Principles."
"principles -"
"Break it Down"
"Google Kills Bambi"
"So good bro!"
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"When I wake up to find out windows restarted my PC"
"When people say they love Lady Gaga  I respond..."
"To my match form RedditGifts who sent me nothing and will not respond to my messages..."
"How I feel 99% of the time at my retail job"
"Reddit  what would you do with this many freeze pops?"
"Holy shit!"
"I've got a weird pimple on the back of my neck"
"Come back here  dammit!"
"I can't get you out of my head"
"Cracks me up every time"
"Ladies..."
"Damn it feels good to be a gangsta."
"How I feel hopelessly studying the night before a midterm"
"Whoop Whoop"
"How I feel as a North Carolinian who voted against A1 to everyone generalizing the state as bigots"
"How I felt trying to teach my 70 year old Romanian grandmother how to use a computer"
"That little piece of cake is next to my name....."
"When I found out that Reddit had been blocked at work"
"After my front page post was removed by mods"
"Hurry up! They are coming."
"Just a slow loris"
"Pretty Smile"
"Embrace your fate!"
"Embrace your fate!"
"My reaction upon hearing &quot;George Lopez&quot; is going to be cancelled"
"Scariest clapping GIF"
"Found out from a friend that Chick-Fil-A managers all over the country were giving homosexual protesters free food...well played...well played."
"My sister works at a museum  I never knew her religious  political  or personal leanings until she went on a rant in front of a group of her very Christian friends about how she could not understand people accepting all the evidence and reasoning that supports scientific theories."
"The Duke of Edinburgh laughs as the Queen signs the visitor's book  and Michelle Obama is unfortunately positioned in front of a large plant"
"Anchorman sequel is finally being made!"
"When I found out I have the most karma out of all my redditor friends."
"The key to a good morning EVERY morning."
"The Best Part."
"Love"
"BB - This is how it ends (spoiler)"
"When I Get Called On In Class..."
"he sat like this the entire class period"
"He sits like this everyday in class."
"&quot;Yes teacher  I am paying attention&quot;"
"In memory of the actually decent Spongebob episodes."
"After thinking I was just gonna 'try' weed."
"&quot;I'm only gonna go on reddit for a minute&quot;"
"For my cake day: Ron Swanson on alcohol"
"Just two diving dogs"
"Ball..? BALL!"
"This is his reaction to the cold stethescope. HOLY F'IN CUTE."
"Cute Monkey!!"
"Doc! That Tickle!"
"Farnsworth in HD"
"As an avid climber  this is my zombie apocalypse emergency shelter."
"You couldn't pay me to do this...."
"For rent $2000/mo. Easy access to beach. Fantastic view. No laundry or parking. No smk/pets. Serious inquiries only."
"Welcome to real life kid."
"Perfect soldier"
"Poor cat  Chester the molester started early"
"5 500 Galaxies In One Picture"
"5 500 galaxies in a single photo"
"This is the deepest-ever view of the universe. Released today  astronomers have assembled a new  improved portrait of mankind's deepest-ever view of the universe."
"Penetrating deep into the universe with the Hubble eXtreme Deep Field image."
"Hubble's new Deep Field Image  you are looking 13.2 billion years into the past."
"This is the Most Zoomed-In Photograph Ever Created by Mankind. It took 10 years to complete"
"Bertception"
"recap of s05e08 (spoilers)"
"I will eat your happiness!"
"Starved."
"Awesome way to get back at airport security"
"TSA"
"This game..."
"Me and my girlfriend watching a movie when suddenly she asks me if I want a blowjob"
"How I felt when I heard Toonami was coming back at the end of May"
"My girlfriend just told me she'll let me post her on gonewild!"
"When you finally make the front page"
"I found out my Chemistry final would be graded on a curve"
"When your girlfriend randomly asks you if you want to have sex."
"My reaction to discovering r/cringe just an hour ago"
"Dance Dance Dance"
"fits too well"
"Kanye would have felt right at home."
"Imma let you finish..."
"Wonder Woma.... OMG"
"Sexy America!"
"Nothing has made me cringe this hard in a long time"
"training your child for SpaceMountain before he is born"
"Weeee!"
"How I feel when I first get on reddit"
"I'm shopping for a car on Craigslist and whenever I see an ad in all caps this is who I assume is the seller."
"Head in the Clouds [gif]"
"dat move (source?)"
"Busted"
"Bizzaro does it again."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"bascatball"
"slam dunk cat"
"Slam dunk cat."
"Not disappointed. When I entered random stuff into imgur."
"I believe.."
"Here comes the..."
"Here come's the BOOM!"
"kitty playing basket ball."
"Pitbull + Animorphs = Pitbull"
"&quot;Good little niglets&quot;"
"&quot;If your country has a history of colonialism  don't do this&quot; - Bill Maher"
"No Thanks  I'm Stuffed."
"funny boring"
"Yupee!"
"I would too  poor little bunny."
"fucks given at the public library &lt; 1"
"There's a time and place for that...[nsfw]"
"I Have The Powerpoint!!"
"The distribution of power"
"Perfect timing"
"Well this is awkward........"
"**Urban** Redneck Trailer Park"
"Debt problems  foreclosure looming. Don't downsize  consolidate!"
"Trailer park done right  well done Amsterdam"
"Every Time I try to go on Facebook"
"Passed this weird sign "
"Even signs can be jerks"
"Mitt's Best Friend"
"Big Bird responds to Mitt."
"Big Bird's Response to Romney"
"Big Bird's response to Romney's desire to cut PBS funding"
"Forever alone lvl.100!"
"Someone should tell them thats tylenol."
"Friend took this pic. Horse tree."
"Very Clever Camouflage..."
"Shooting Nerfs  got a good shot (x-post from r/pics)"
"Buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh"
"Meep!"
"nom nom nom nom"
"My favourite GIF ever."
"Singing eggs."
"Yolk to Joy"
"Meow mixed eggs"
"Dum Da Dum Doi Doi"
"move bitch"
"How to NOT protest. (fixed)"
"Every Damned Time  Reddit."
"Sleeping With The Fishes"
"A few unique fish tanks and aquariums."
"When I'm at a 4-way stop  and someone won't go when I'm trying to be polite."
"As I learned about the Pauli Exclusion Principle today  all I could think of was this."
"I googled &quot;It's my fucking reddit birthday what should I post?&quot; and this is what I got. Seems about right."
"I see your weird toe and raise you mine"
"I am an atheist..."
"I guess he can walk on pee to..?"
"Over the clouds"
"Heavenly [1920x1080]"
"When suddenly  a wild oven appears!"
"Don't get all up in my grill bro!"
"You got the stuff?"
"Ahhhhhhhh. Yesssssss. Come in. Come in."
"Yeah  i got the stuff"
"How I open the door for the pizza dude at an [8]"
"Magic!"
"Round and round and round and round"
"Bunny Forcefield"
"WU-TANG Clan ain't knitting to fuck wit."
"What Romney thinks is happening to the economy."
"Go home Big Bird  you're drunk"
"Why Romney? Why?"
"How I picture people who downvote every comment in a post"
"Target of Opportunity [gif]"
"Target of Opportunity"
"Reddit on repost"
"Just act natural"
"It's my cake day and..."
"Whenever I read peoples posts on facebook"
"When someone says their car is faster than mine."
"Bacon and Eggs"
"The correct way to order breakfast"
"The correct way to order breakfast"
"Hey reddit  my girlfriend painted this over the summer but she's not convinced she's any good. What do you guys think?"
"My wife never thinks her paintings are any good..."
"So my girlfriend painted this  what do you guys think?"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"Quick sketch I made for OC week (OC)"
"Spotted a sure sign on my morning commute that summer is almost over."
"I feel bad for laughing over this"
"The Waterfall Nebula"
"Well shit..."
"could someone tell me the source of this?"
"My favorite repost"
"Oh the irony"
"I don't think there should be a day to bash certain beliefs... So here is one about Muslims."
"Muslim hypocrisy"
"Looking through my cousin's FB photos  when suddenly;"
"This isn't even my final form"
"Going to work on a monday."
"Buster Keaton"
"Getting up for the first day of class."
"Snorting cocaine all the way!"
"Prepare your childhoods(NSFW)"
"How I feel when picking my bike back up from the shop"
"She's Mine!"
"stuffed animal snuggle"
"He's mine~"
"You are here."
"Oh god  get a sense of humor"
"Just took the most important exam of my life  needed a B. Only got 60%...but the average was 55. Curved to a B. Only one reaction."
"When my gf's (late) period finally came."
"So you think Hurricane Sandy is violent and catastrophic?"
"Condescending Jupiter"
"Tell me abt ur sandy."
"With the upcoming election  I feel I should address Obama's darker side..."
"Barack Obama IRL"
"A bullet on impact"
"You traitorous swine."
"Just a school of stingrays"
"Don't worry buddy  there's plenty of fish in the sea"
"A herd of Manta Rays"
"Just a school of stingrays [Fixed]"
"Got milk? [NSFW]"
"Was having a argument with a friend and he sent me this to shut me up."
"lets go play tha game...:)"
"ohh no they di'int!"
"Well  guess she was just following her idols... (lesson learned: don't let a girl do a man's job!)"
"How I felt when I realized I could remove subreddits from my subscriptions"
"Tried to find a wireless network to connect to at my mother's salon and this came up."
"BILL! BILL! SCIENCE RULES!!"
"Walmart Wi-Fi"
"Something seems a little fishy about this..."
"Romney  you're scaring me dude."
"Paris  1895"
"Our Father Lord Vader"
"In the name of the Father  The Son  and the Holy Force."
"a forced religion."
"Every time someone walks by my desk when I am on Reddit"
"Curiosity..."
"Googled &quot;Worst day ever&quot;."
"In a relationship."
"Attention Hipster Doofuses:"
"My friend is part of the creative team that came up with this billboard"
"THE BEST DISGUISE EVER."
"That's right  Nokia did it!"
"Nokia 9/11"
"Not okay"
"This came up on my facebook feed"
"what a lovely cat"
"Just le me derping when suddenly....NOPE."
"I thought you guys would find this quite smashing"
"I though you would find this quite smashing"
"Russian March"
"Baby  can you get me a beer?"
"Baby  WTF"
"A small collection of babies with beards."
"Product name &quot;Pretty Death&quot;"
"Wait for it......"
"Chinese Breaking Bad."
"Bootleg version of Breaking Bad"
"Saw this on my newsfeed today"
"When I try to get to the front page"
"I'm going to do it. I'm going to post in r/funny!"
"I heard you like pugs."
"pugception"
"Carma"
"Mesmerising sparks"
"Feuer Frei!"
"Works like a charm"
"Pure Laziness"
"I give you the original Slender Man. [fixed]"
"Top of the mornin' to ya!"
"Sup ladies."
"It's a hard knock life!"
"It's a hard knock life!"
"It's a hard-knock life"
"It's a hard knock life!"
"I'm sorry  Miss  but I'm gonna have to call your parents. Oh. Right. Sorry..."
"You missed your cake day?"
"How I see most 'Mericans' even being one myself"
"So I found this picture in my summer album...Zero Fucks Given."
"Greatest .gif Of All Time"
"Man arrested during haircut"
"Arrested During Haircut"
"Of all the times to get into a fight..."
"Of all the times"
"Arrested during haircut"
"He Got Busted Mid Haircut."
"Impressive mirror installation!"
"Better then any 3D chalk art. - Imgur"
"such a &quot;picture perfect&quot; moment"
"This happens more than I'd like to admit"
"Always happens to me"
"Oh Grandma"
"Guys  I miss Steve..."
"Crikey! Look at the size of that one"
"Oh  YouTube..."
"Man hit by train"
"Well this is just like Disney World"
"The difference between Men and Women"
"Colors"
"How men and women see colours."
"Man's choice in colors vs woman's choice in colors"
"Just Some Puppies With Santa Hats On"
"Today would be his birthday. Boy do I miss him."
"Mckayla Maroney Dougie"
"So I searched ''wookie'' on google."
"Play Slender  they said. It'll be fun  they said."
"After watching the presidential debates  I think I've cracked Romney's economic plan. It's all the magic underpants."
"Art Students under either Candidate"
"What's your major?"
"art major"
"I wish I was this rich."
"Wait...How much money?"
"They See me Rollin'...."
"Sweet ride bro"
"uni-cycle"
"Accurate."
"How to wash your dishes"
"Splash of Color!"
"As an American  if you do this FUCK YOU"
"So I was pissed of at my neighbors because there always nagging me to vote...so this was my response."
"This is Happiness."
"Just realized I grew up to become Squidward"
"They see me rollin'..."
"This how I roll in them 24's"
"They see me rolling? Again?"
"They See Me 'Rollin"
"Wheel"
"Guns for Gas? Go Memphis"
"Gotta love Memphis."
"Wait  so you're telling me I can get rid of my murder weapon AND get a $50 gas card? Sign me up."
"&quot;No questions asked&quot;"
"Memphis &quot;gun control&quot;"
"best gif showing who owns who"
"Puppy trying his best to stay awake"
"My Life"
"My life."
"This perfectly depicts my life"
"Nappy kitty &amp; Spastic kitty"
"Come at me bro"
"Hey  asshole! Over here!"
"Awesome 16-bit Forest Scene"
"This drags up some PS1 nostalgia"
"Take a minute and relax."
"Nature! YEAH!"
"Eerie 8-bit forest in the rain"
"Geekiest Your Momma Joke Ever"
"RIP Dennis Ritchie. Creator of UNIX and C."
"Condensed sulfer burns in a mine in the crater of the Kawah Ijen Volcano - East Java  Indonesia"
"Not what it looks like."
"Electron Scanning Microscope image of a maggot's head. (didn't even have to add googley eyes."
"This is a maggot's face."
"Everytime somebody mentions something funny that i was just about to say.."
"Tip of my hat to those scammers  but ultimately"
"As an Asian pizza delivery man  when customers greet me with  &quot;hey  chinese food is here!&quot;"
"How I feel as a military man who gets up at 5 AM to work every morning about these early morning posts."
"When my ex asks of I will come to the US for Thanksgiving."
"When people assume Canadians are always nice...sorry"
"How I feel when someone tells me they're done with finals..."
"When you don't ship to Australia"
"Women of the the U.S. Take note  this is what nice girls with nice boobs look like  not big boobs on small girls (note:this is the Aussie synchronised swim team)"
"I see your eagle with a knife and raise you an ape with a sniper"
"How evolution should work"
"My favorite face swap"
"Pygmy marmosets"
"Pygmy Marmosets"
"Grumpy cat in the news room (x-post from r/tardcat)"
"Tard the Grumpy Cat was on CBS 5 News in Phoenix"
"Sincerely...Canada"
"Left Brain / Right Brain"
"Left Brain / Right Brain"
"Left Brain / Right Brain"
"How the brain works."
"Our Brain."
"What is the smallest caliber you trust to protect yourself (Resubmit by Myself) 1st got lost"
"With Disney buying LucasArts  this needs to happen"
"This needs to happen"
"Disney already making changes after their Lucasfilm purchase"
"NASA Humor: Attach Orbiter here."
"Where did you come from  where did you go"
"When I walk by my friend's classroom and see him."
"These have gone a bit far"
"Wow. Just fucking wow."
"Why would somebody post this shit? [fb]"
"Yes... yes it is."
"I don't want to live in this world anymore.."
"Wanna bet?"
"Obama caught red-handed again!"
"How to make soup."
"Soup"
"FB has spread to the terrorist"
"1 like = 1 hostage released"
"This has gone too far..."
"Most redditors can agree."
"Somehow found my way to the 'Soldiers Coming Home' area of YouTube. Needless to say  it went something like this..."
"Fake  but funny  pro-QB facebook convo"
"Whatcha thinkin bout?"
"Why deadpool is the best superhero."
"Wolves in the snow"
"Snow wolf cubs."
"Boop!"
"Got bored in class and started playing a game when this pops up. I guess the developer is a redditor..."
"Agent Dash's little shout out to Reddit..."
"I don't think we're in Kansas anymore"
"Height according to 4chan"
"my face while watching Jesus Camp"
"Don't F*** with Charmander"
"And that kids  is how I met your mother"
"1 Hit K.O."
"Size comparison of Mars rovers. Sojourner is the size of one of Curiosity's wheels! [5 723 × 2 889]"
"I did not realise how big Curiosity is."
"Mmmmm...Manhattan Style's the best."
"Go home building  you're drunk...."
"&quot;Naysayers gonna naysay&quot; in a gif"
"Non-Fiction Bible"
"Just getting my upvote fix..."
"Well hellooooooooooo"
"Someone said this would be the perfect picture if it had a cat..."
"When 9GAG tries to attack Reddit"
"when liberal &quot;Christians&quot; try to debate me"
"Whenever I'm in an argument on reddit."
"This came up on my newsfeed today and I nearly shit myself"
"And the WTF sign of the month for Janurary goes to...!!!"
"Those damn penguins."
"Gat to oblivion"
"Wizard caught on tape"
"No wonder the Oilers lost so bad yesterday. They got their zone exiting strategy from The Mighty Ducks."
"I said I'd &quot;think about&quot; my boyfriend getting us a tarantula..."
"Cocaine and Cocaine accessories"
"dont?"
"Me  one day after Amazon's &quot;estimated delivery date &quot; with no package."
"When someone in class keeps answering the teachers questions before you do"
"GOHN JOODMAN"
"At least there's cake.."
"Cute couple"
"When I get home from work"
"Cop rewards kitty with a scratch behind the ear"
"Cop gives kitty a scratch behind the ear"
"Get em granny!"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Meanwhile in India"
"What a whore."
"&quot;We didn't meet until adulthood  so it doesn't count as incest.&quot;"
"Daddy's girl"
"It's a theory..."
"Not Mr Fluffers"
"The tale of Fats Mcgee and his Retard Three."
"Welcome to &quot;Dolly&quot;wood"
"Spear fishing gone wrong. (NSFW)"
"Spear Fishing - The Wrong Way [NSFW]"
"Spear fishing in the Cayman Islands"
"Sure!"
"I finally found him. . ."
"look who found waldo...."
"Proud to be Irish"
"Getting ready to go out"
"DAMMIT CARL!!"
"Found this in my old funny pictures folder. No clue where it came from. I can't stop laughing."
"WHAAAAAAT!?!?!?"
"And he almost got away with it"
"The ultimate betrayal."
"Hey Carl.."
"Hey Carl....."
"Gets me every time."
"Finally found something good on facebook..."
"Hey Carl have you seen my blue--"
"Hey carl have you seen my blue--"
"Saw this on facebook. Are you serious?"
"mfw gamestop sells me a crap game"
"Halloween costume idea"
"Nailed it."
"Nailed it!"
"Happy Halloween as Sarah Jessica Parker"
"If you voted for Barack Obama..."
"Here's a picture of a shaved llama"
"Shaved llama...[x-post from r/aww]"
"Feeling down? Here's a picture of a shaved Llama"
"Just another boring Wednesday"
"Ya get skeeted on by Willy Wonka"
"I challenge you to find a better gif/sound mix"
"I do Stoner Metal drawings and paintings  Here's one of my most recent works."
"Ya! You better run!"
"A dance with the departed"
"The Versatility of &quot;Dude&quot;"
"Did they leave yet?"
"Did the redditor leave yet?? [X-Post aww]"
"Haikus."
"As a language nerd this always cracks me up"
"You laugh  you lose."
"And all this time I thought a flying plate would take me away!"
"Ice growing out of a rail"
"How Reddit feels right now."
"After I saw pictures of a girl I know on r/gonewild [Fixed]"
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is also what most of us will look like tomorrow."
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is what most of us will look like tomorrow. [FIXED]"
"It's been a long 29 days.."
"Happy March 1st!"
"When a girl blows me off [fixed]"
"October 1st - 12:01am"
"&quot;Hey  listen!&quot; &quot;STFU  Navi.&quot;"
"NOW EAT IT! (x post from r/gaming)"
"How I feel leaving reddit for a day"
"This is how I feel when I hear people wanting to secede..."
"Well..would you look at that."
"Why doesn't stuff like that ever happen to me"
"You're no gentleman"
"When I click on an unfamiliar subreddit."
"Everyone knows this feeling..."
"OG's"
"You boys in a gang or something?"
"Smashing  by Klein"
"so beautiful..."
"He's living my dream"
"Runt and Paxie"
"That's a big rabbit..."
"Mrs. Rape"
"Rap is easy"
"rap music  in a nutshell"
"This showed up in my news feed this morning. Halloween in Texas... You're doing it right."
"My buddy saw this awesome group of costumes in town and I had to share it with the world of reddit"
"Literal Mario Kart for Halloween."
"Mario Karting into the Sunset"
"These guys were driving around my town tonight"
"Real Life Mario Cart!"
"Best group costume I've ever seen..I am a 90's kid"
"As a someone who is working  my reaction to seeing all these &quot;8 AM Class&quot; posts"
"Well  if the Bible says so..."
"Steven Segal doing what he does best"
"Steven Seagal kicks ass!"
"Segal takes out some anger"
"Just Dance."
"deal with it (xpost from r/gifs)"
"So I guess they weren't fond of his jokes.."
"That's some good stuff"
"It gets more profound the more you look at it"
"Searched &quot;best image on the internet&quot;. I think Reddit will agree."
"I'm gonna take a wild guess and say the owner is a crazy cat lady"
"I googled 'the best picture on the internet'. This was the first result."
"I searched &quot;the best picture in the internet&quot; on google  I was not disappointed."
"Best picture on the internet according to Google."
"Reddit- I googled 'The best picture on the internet' and this is the first image that came up"
"Reddit- I googled 'The best picture on the internet' and this is the first image that came up"
"Not sure if this is a repost. It belongs on reddit though"
"This awesome cat picture just showed up on my newsfeed..."
"MERLKBERHNS"
"ERMAHGERD"
"Everyone is doing it..."
"I'm the only cage you need .."
"Overly Attached Nic Cage"
"Out of prison (x-post AdviceAnimals)"
"Found this gem on the Internet"
"OAG without make-up"
"OANC???"
"OAG - the horror!"
"Overly attached Nicholas Cage"
"Edison's Cradle?"
"Awesome"
"awesome [x-post r/pics]"
"Taking WTF back to it's roots"
"What was the hardest part about seeing that child get hit by a car?"
"Winnie The Poohdobear"
"The Hardest Thang"
"This makes me laugh every fucking time I read it"
"[NSFW] The day I learned what flax seed does"
"Flawless"
"My NOPE reaction to r/spacedicks"
"I searched for &quot;holy crap a velociraptor&quot; and this was one of the results."
"Google imaged &quot;eye&quot; for a reference for an illustration for a kids anatomy book I'm writing/illustrating...Ahhhh!!!"
"The least appreciated new Disney Prince."
"When someone downvotes your post days later after having been downvoted to oblivion."
"Repost or not... it still made me lol on this shitty...shitty... Wednesday."
"Admit it  you read this in Timone's (from the Lion King) voice."
"Funky Picard"
"Ten MILLION times better than the movie theater."
"Pure beauty .."
"A backyard home theater"
"Perfect place to watch a movie."
"Damn....You got to be KIDDING me (SNES)"
"Makes my brain go WTF?"
"One of the coolest things I ever saw. (You have to focus on the black + in the middle)"
"Stare at the + in the middle. Eventually the pink dots will disappear  and all you will see is a rotating green dot."
"I will not be changing my background any time soon  the wallpaper is too beautiful."
"Saw this wallpaper on r/wallpaper.... but I really think it should have a place here instead"
"Unbearable elements"
"Fire  Water  Earth..."
"sometimes FB does have something good"
"Me and my dog  12 years apart."
"Ladies..."
"When you think you burned your tongue but didn't"
"In Celebration of Easter..."
"Jesus's Ultimate Sacrifice."
"I know that feel bro"
"Goddamn it  Simba"
"Every time I watch The Lion King with my daughter"
"Googled &quot;Atheist&quot;  was not dissapointed."
"It's just a mac n cheese in chili sauce with beef push up pop."
"Sweet! I fucking love Push-Pops! Wait..."
"Original Lazy as fuck eating device [fixed]"
"Is it just me or was this game the most under rated game in the whoooole thing?"
"Just a tip for amateur photographers about flash photography"
"Soon."
"Suddenly a duck!"
"Don't mind me"
"Don't mind me(x-post r/pics)"
"Don't mind me [FIXED]"
"None of your face swaps will be as funny as this one."
"Deciding whether to go to class"
"Mitt Romney's Feelings on Relatable Romney"
"Would you do this?"
"Wise words from Rorschach"
"Too many feels."
"Ice Cream"
"My expectations on my first cake day"
"What redditors expect on their &quot;cakedays&quot;"
"What redditors expect on their &quot;cakedays&quot; (x-post from r/funny)"
"On my second annual day of cake  I was hoping for this."
"How I expect my first cake day to turn out."
"Everyone who posts Nate Silver today."
"ER-MAH-GERD.."
"World's largest emerald"
"Amalgamation of Hotness. [SFW]"
"Fred unmasks a monster"
"Hey! It's Google!"
"So this fat man is loving it"
"I found the ultimate badly used meme on my facebook newsfeed [FB]"
"Dave Chappelle accurately predicts America's treatment of its first black president (almost a decade ago)."
"What I think of every time someone blames something on Obama"
"I don't even..."
"Found this on a blog. WARNING NUDITY(ish) AND PERHAPS SCARING FOR LIFE."
"Saw this on facebook today. Don't think it needs much description. All I can think is WTF?!"
"Parenting Fail?"
"Wait.. What?! [NSFW]"
"Do NOT fuck with Lincoln!"
"What history books will portray Stephen Colbert as."
"Celebrate the 4th of July with some of your favorite American icons!"
"'Murika"
"Happy Independence Day America  fuck yeah"
"NO MORE SLAVES! 'MURICA!"
"Most American picture ever *Fixed*"
"AMERICA  MOTHER FUCKERS!"
"Deal with it."
"Must... return... shopping... cart..."
"dedicated customer"
"A graveyard for vehicles highly contaminated by radiation  near the Chernobyl nuclear power plant  seen on Nov. 10  2000"
"Soviet vehicles used during the Chernobyl disaster"
"Nice pole vau... Oh! MY!"
"Snooki's kid's 40th year"
"What I think everyone who posts on /r/spacedicks looks like."
"My childhood fear after seeing this at 5yo  at a drive in theater."
"Rudolph lost his shit"
"Used to...[FIXED]"
"not sure if this is a repost or not  but it made me chuckle"
"Yeah.. Used to"
"Used to."
"My feelings looking for 1 piece of paper in a mess for job interviews..."
"Dumb Chicks [.gif gallery]"
"The PandApocalypse"
"a pandemonium of pandas"
"That fucking smile.."
"this is so funny"
"While reading a review for a Sexual Offender Locator app:"
"The Rapture (X-post from /r/Lasvegas)"
"reminded me of you guys  redditors"
"Alzheimer's"
"Fat Man Going Crazy"
"Just when i think my post might get to the front page"
"Wu-Tang Clan ain't nothin' to fuck with!"
"Wu Tang Clan Kids"
"Ain't nuthin to fuck with."
"uhh...Yup"
"HUMP EVERYWHERE!"
"Face Down"
"I'm not sorry"
"I hereby reject Jesus Christ and accept Barack Hussein Obama as my personal lord and savior."
"This is a unique geological phenomenon known as Danxia landform. These phenomena can be observed in several places in China. This example is located in Zhangye  Province of Gansu. The color is the result of an accumulation for millions of years of red sandstone and other rocks."
"Came too soon..."
"You're not welcome here  cat."
"Denied!"
"Everytime I try to get to the front page"
"Entrance Denied"
"Heil Hitler."
"Recently killed in action Navy Seal  Jon Tumilson's dog at his funeral (Not Safe For Manly Men)"
"Me surfing reddit before I knew what NSFW was."
"When i like a facebook argument post on accident"
"so... this bear  I'll just leave it alone."
"Jean Claude KNOWS"
"Just Van Damme dancing"
"He got the moves!"
"Whenever I see a controversial argument"
"Clicking on a /r/Spacedicks link with a friend."
"So my girlfriend and I just watched &quot;The Human Centipede&quot;"
"How I feel when someone asks me a math question."
"My friend and I trying to submit a link for the first time"
"Holy shit i don't even know where to begin..."
"What is this?"
"How I feel each new hour on Reddit."
"How I feel each new hour on Reddit."
"How I feel each new hour on Reddit."
"I sits!... OH SHITS!"
"Shitty Advice"
"My new career path"
"who wouldn't take his advice"
"&quot;Just a quick stroll through the park Regenold.&quot;"
"I had a pop quiz in my Korean Literature class this morning. Guess how I did."
"Take this motherfucker !"
"Sand Grains"
"So a bear found it's way onto a ski lift"
"This gets me every time haha"
"Yup! He took a sh*t."
"How I feel when my post goes completely ignored."
"This guy likes his toy stuffed raccoon a bit too much [nsfw]"
"Double kill"
"nice kick............................"
"i'll just leave this here"
"Yeah  that's what i meant Google"
"I guess Japanese baseball players have springs for legs"
"I be rollin'  they be hatin'...."
"They see me rollin  they hatin'"
"As foretold: XBL is bringing us into the future"
"I thought this might be appreciated here."
"Contemplating kitteh"
"But then..."
"My silly cat."
"When my professor asked who used Facebook and Twitter then Reddit"
"Darn homos..."
"the reaction is great. %_%"
"This guy is truly stunned."
"Its Kiss Cam  Bro"
"Traumatized"
"O_0"
"What pure terror looks like"
"Kiss Cam  bro. Kiss Cam Bro."
"The reason why I swear so much..."
"Reading the POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS vs POTATO-IN-MY-ANUS argument"
"Mmm  yes  quite nice."
"Mortal Kombat"
"Mortal Kombat (x-post from r/standupshots)"
"Mortal Kombat vs. The Bible"
"Browsing the Internet today."
"I'm gone for one fucking day... sigh"
"This is how I feel about my favorite subreddit right now."
"How I Feel Browsing the Front Page Today"
"Walking into Waffle House when it's not 2:00 a.m."
"How I felt looking at the calender this morning."
"Being a European on Reddit these days."
"After taking a look at the first few pages..."
"Me on reddit the last few days"
"i missed all the hubabaloo"
"Logging on to Reddit this afternoon..."
"So uh..."
"As a Canadian right now on Reddit"
"When a website tells me I'm already a registered member [fixed]"
"When I woke up this morning and checked Reddit"
"The Warwick Davis AMA"
"NOPE."
"I thought of this when I heard &quot;binders of women&quot;"
"Come at me!"
"Got Him!"
"Leap"
"I'd much rather see this on ESPN than Pro Bass Fishing"
"I am tired of being objectified"
"10 Points if you 1st Notice the Mustache"
"With Great Value comes Great Responsibility"
"Dangers of Walmart Brands"
"Happy Birthday to a man who can turn any sad day in to AWESOME."
"Want to feel like you're a GOD? Solar System Planets Candy Lollipop"
"just stared at this for a good 15 minutes"
"In case of fire exit building before tweeting about it"
"Walking Dead Downvote"
"Going through r/new when the Americans are asleep"
"If this is your supported browsers list...fuck you."
"Yes."
"this guy is a genious"
"A beautiful spot for a cabin"
"Scumbag Tap"
"That's just too F'n bad!"
"Just a spider practicing some sweet moves!"
"Come at me  bro!"
"Can't tell if Spider wants to tango or fight..."
"Spider watching itself dance in a mirror"
"Staring down the Competition"
"Dancing spider  'Ooh get down'"
"It's Electric!"
"Every time my dog sees himself in the mirror"
"At every school dance"
"It's my cake day Reddit! I'm doing this dance to celebrate."
"Ok  it's unusual."
"The club can't handle my swag"
"Had a bad day  this deffinatley made it better."
"The little Edward!"
"Fucking Magic"
"Wizards among us"
"Fucking Magic"
"This is beastality"
"Obama explaining the Osama Bin Laden operation."
"Barack Obama explains in detail the mission that killed Osama bin Laden"
"Found him"
"Just an Alison Brie gif"
"Alison Brie in Community outtakes"
"I don't even...wow"
"Words cannot explain how much I despise this town at times."
"The Nor'easter naming list for 2012-2013 looks like they took names from random fantasy books and movies and called it a day."
"black friday: expert level"
"I want a sequel to this right now!!"
"One Of The Greatest Games I've Ever Played  When Will We See A Sequel To This?"
"When people take forever to open the door..."
"Jim Jeffries on Dying (Wallpaper)"
"Afraid of Dying? I'm not."
"Jim Jeffries on death."
"Fingertips"
"The internet has ruined me. (3rd pic)"
"Not your average finger paintings"
"What a coincidence!"
"When you cant pet their fur...let em pet yours"
"For anyone on the fence about getting dark souls  here's my opinion. (x-post r/darksouls)"
"Raiders of the Lost Ark"
"All of Raiders of the Lost Ark... in a gif"
"short version of Raiders of the Lost Ark as a pixelly gif"
"Bumblebee Cat falls down"
"Give me my bowl back"
"I don't even know how to describe this .gif"
"Stay safe  kids. [NSFW]"
"How I feel when I get turned down by a girl."
"The reason why I don't go out often"
"With nothing to post on my cakecay  I have concluded that.."
"What Hansel and Gretel should have used to find their way back..."
"Every. Last. One."
"As a Canadian  this is how I'm going to watch the 2012 US election."
"My Room - Waiting for the zombies reveal for Black Ops 2"
"r/aww needs more narwhal"
"Elephant in a pool"
"Oh it’s picture day? I better look FABULOUS"
"Portal Christmas Tree? I know what I'm doing next christmas"
"Good luck with this one Santa!"
"So doing this for Christmas."
"A Very Portal Christmas"
"So this popped up on my newsfeed. Needless to say  I'm impressed"
"Portal Christmas tree?"
"Portal Christmas tree win"
"I wish I had a Portal Tree"
"Heil Mittler!"
"Do want"
"Tigers retarded cousin."
"When I see someone has the same cakeday as me  but is more successful"
"When I see customers destroy the pile of shirts I just neatly folded"
"Just your standard music festival roster."
"This is going to haunt me for days."
"How I feel when you guys don't give my posts a chance."
"My reaction to the origin of the tablet  and how you feel walking through the airport with a guitar case..."
"Which one of you is this?"
"i wonder what went on the photographer's mind..."
"I'd like to know the story behind THIS one"
"May I please get the source on the partyharddog.gif?"
"PARTY HARD"
"The only French word you know is &quot;buffet&quot;."
"Why do you have to hurt  Steve?"
"I don't like your cat. He scratches too much when he plays."
"One Cool Cat"
"DJ Gangsta Cat"
"Catman Scoop"
"Three  two  one  PULL!"
"F-16 Emergency ejection."
"Split-second shot of a Thunderbird aircraft before it impacted the ground at an air show [517px × 599px]"
"Dat' Add!"
"Searched &quot;How to get up votes on reddit&quot;... this is the third Google image."
"I Googled &quot;How To Get Upvotes On Reddit&quot;"
"I googled &quot;how to get upvotes on reddit&quot;"
"I Googled &quot;how to get karma on Reddit.&quot;"
"So I googled &quot;how to get updates on reddit&quot; I wasn't disappointed..."
"Think outside the box..."
"Yup  This Just Happened (PIC)"
"My Cake Day So Far..."
"Business Cat"
"One of those days where things just aren't going your way..."
"One of those days where things just aren't going your way..."
"Now look closely."
"You had one job!!"
"Counter-Protest"
"Epic Response To Christian Evangelists"
"Does anyone need to borrow this video I found in my basement?"
"What's ur sentence comment bellow."
"Free dog souls with conversion"
"Made me laugh."
"Hear that! We're Saved! Rocks are going to heaven!"
"Girl im just tryna get in ur bikini bottom"
"Girl I just wanna get in your Bikini Bottom"
"How I would love to show my elementary school teachers this..."
"Oh no she didn't"
"Not a single bother was given that day."
"This is how I feel when I see an unfunny &quot;relatable&quot; picture."
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this  aren't I?"
"Clap  clap."
"Bad boy have a bad day"
"This man should go back to stealing candy from babies."
"Don't steal from asian girls"
"Someone learned his lesson"
"I'm never bowling the same way again"
"How I feel posting in the wrong subreddit.."
"How I feel about the fireworks ban in Indiana today"
"So we had the police called on us for lighting too many fireworks last night..."
"What i think about marijuana being illegal in the US."
"When I read the MC Chris post  this meme comes to mind."
"MFW California passed the law requiring porn stars to wear condoms"
"I read in the news today that a driver caused and accident in Britain by driving on the wrong side of the road. This is the first thing I thought of..."
"Fuck you Chuck Norris"
"Whenever I review my resume"
"Whenever I go back and read all my old comments."
"Every. Single. Day."
"Wow  never thought about that. BRB becoming a Christian (/sarcasm)"
"The iPhone 5"
"Every time I click a link in r/WTF"
"My childhood"
"just walking through the nintendo neighbourhood"
"Our love can never be"
"cuddle buddies"
"Stray Cat Slut"
"Whack  whack  whack on that cat."
"Brace your self."
"pictures inside of picture that never end"
"Starry Starry Night"
"Vango knows how to tug my heart strings"
"Starry  starry night."
"Where did it go wrong?"
"&quot;Starry Night&quot; reflections"
"Starry Night meets Deus Ex"
"Starry Night meets Deus Ex"
"&quot;Starry Night&quot; reflection [x/post gifs] [gif]"
"Just Starry Starry Night. I stared at this through the whole song."
"Starry starry night"
"Lightsaber Cat Vs Dog"
"Perfect Timing [xpost from r/pics]"
"Perfect Timing [xpost from r/pics]"
"Perfect Timing (FIX)"
"Perfect Timing"
"Never take acid"
"Don't Do Drugs..."
"Acid is one hell of a drug..."
"Wise Words..."
"Really?"
"Friend's silly Photoshop of my Facebook photo went viral last year and we only just found out. (Original in comments)"
"Yes  yes you are..."
"A bus driver with a sense of humour? Rail replacement bus service in Glasgow."
"Mistaken identity! Glasgow"
"Choo choo. I'm a train!"
"sure err...looks tasty little girl"
"The four horsemen."
"Oh!? Oh my god! Cake Day!!"
"just realized it's my day"
"This is how I feel when someone quotes something from a TV show/movie that I know of"
"My reaction to hitting 1000 comment Karma (sad I know)"
"When I realized today was my cake day"
"How I Feel When I see that Kate Upton is #1 on Yahoo's Trending Now"
"Everyone seeing the Dark Knight Rises Midnight Screening"
"My reaction when I saw the first Shark week commercial."
"Did you see that kitty?"
"When I booted up Dig Dug on my arcade machine for the first time in years and heard the theme."
"After logging in this morning"
"And then THIS happened"
"When I found this subreddit"
"TIL my cake day is on Halloween."
"They couldn't find any"
"And thus  the Retoast was born"
"1. Fuck the police 2. Get KFC"
"Everything is better with wobbly eyes. [NSFW]"
"Dem flaps."
"Flippy Floppy [NSFW]"
"Flippy Floppy [NSFW]"
"Fresh Prince of Cincinnati"
"That 70s Theory."
"Dr Cooper and Amy Farrah Fowler in a parallel universe"
"Dr Cooper and Amy Farrah Fowler in a parallel universe"
"Yah you Munchkins  yah!"
"Just a group of midgets pulling an airplane."
"Fuck off kid"
"Fuck off kid"
"I know everyone's seen all the pictures of the Eyjafjallajökull Volcano  but this one still blows my mind"
"I'm hoping this was taken with an extremely large zoom lens. Otherwise i might have shit my pants if i was the photographer"
"I guess I just like lightning...in any situation"
"Coming home from someones house after a one night stand."
"James Bond doesn't subscribe to all this YOLO crap"
"Funny  but true"
"Underwater Trail"
"My dad posted this on Facebook..."
"Nice bookstore"
"A friend of facebook just got this batman mustache style"
"Na-na-na-na BAT 'STACHE"
"I wish I had facial hair growing abilities just for Movember."
"I have an indescribable need to grow facial hair now."
"Magnetic liquid"
"[GIF] Magnetic Liquid (xpost from r/gifs)"
"[X-post from r/gifs] It's evolving......."
"Magnetic Liquid"
"Whats wrong with this guy!!!!!!!!!!"
"Maggie does not like the dragons in Skyrim."
"Maggie does not like the dragons in Skyrim (x-post r/gaming)"
"Saw this in r/pics  it's &quot;Maggie&quot; the dog reacting to a dragon in Skyrim and I thought it belonged here"
"For an Easter out of this world..."
"I think this belongs here."
"Ya know what? Nahh"
"Best Birthday Present!"
"Friend of mine just posted this on my wall for my birthday. It's either came from here or it belongs here."
"Extreme Skiing"
"I zoned out to this and watched it for about 2 minutes straight at work."
"this has gotta be  uhh...kinda creepy for Leia"
"Nice and Slow"
"America and Canada"
"This Can't Be Good."
"he's not the only one"
"Probably the most popular newspaper ever"
"About that newspaper. (x-post from r/pics)"
"I like this sort of vandalism"
"Drunk guy almost hit by truck"
"How I want to react after leaving my bosses office. HATE that guy!"
"Finding out my cake day was a couple days ago and I missed it"
"Having missed my cake day over the weekend..."
"Pussy getting wet"
"Seconds later  Fluffy slaughtered the entire family in a moment of temporary insanity"
"Seconds later  Fluffy slaughtered the entire family in a moment of temporary insanity"
"&quot;COME AT ME  BRO.&quot;"
"Eminem  is that you?"
"I had to..."
"I had to... (fixed)"
"Father of the year"
"Get. Back. Here. NOW!!"
"Would you use it?"
"Couch Potato (better angle) | Flickr - Photo Sharing!"
"What's That On My Screen ?"
"Keeping it classy and legal(ish) on Halloween"
"Life Goal"
"Aw shit"
"Basic"
"Different Kinds of Labrador Dogs"
"Chu Only Live Once."
"CHOLO"
"Caninebal Lecter"
"Hello Clarice."
"Interview with a Cannibal. [Fixed]"
"I like people who's names tell short stories..."
"&quot;I like people whose names tell short stories...&quot;"
"I don't know!"
"I don't know!"
"A walrus hides its face in embarrassment as his buddy presents him with a birthday cake made entirely of whole fish"
"Surprise!"
"Walrus reaction after giving him a fish cake for his birthday!"
"Ohhhh you shouldn't have!"
"My country needs me.."
"Mandrake?"
"Someone please tell me what is going on here."
"I've never paid attention to ads on the web  but this one is unforgettable."
"It's more likely than you think."
"...It's more common than you think! [pic]"
"Centipedes?"
"It's possible"
"what? no way!"
"When I learned Jersey Shore was cancelled."
"You are now leaving Bikini Bottom..."
"Now leaving bikini bottom"
"The Guide to Questioning Christianity"
"An infographic I think everybody should read."
"White people are crazy"
"kitten can - Once you pop..."
"/o\ \o/ /o\ \o/"
"Kart"
"After playing through the demo 5 times...I finally made the whole Journey"
"Donald Duck never wore pants."
"Keep Your Sandwich Safe From Co-Workers."
"For the love of God  please stop it! (x-post from funny)"
"Too early"
"When I notice someone looking at me out of corner of my eye"
"Hey Reddit! Remember this guy? Well he's starting his own TV show"
"Don't you hate when this happens? [Sort-of NSFWish]"
"..In bed"
"I've been trying to tell her this for years...."
"Baby Carl Fredricksen from Up!"
"I know it's not an animal  but my girlfriend showed me this picture."
"I hope this kid never grows Up."
"Doesn't work as well IRL."
"Rap rap rap rap rap"
"Heaven's Trail"
"There are a lot of people with beards and flannel shirts here in Alaska."
"Every time after i workout  then shower"
"Running out of ideas while writing an essay"
"how i feel about my son"
"The original skeptical fry"
"Old or hypochondria?"
"A young Michael Phelps"
"What the Fuck did I just find?"
"Close enough"
"Suddenly  this guy"
"he just takes the sugar"
"wat..."
"Smile for the camera!"
"Photobomb: Level Animal"
"Just browsing wordpress..."
"Its gona eat you !!"
"Spongebob  the greatest sense of humor for being at a [7]. Can't. Stop. Laughing."
"Tourettes Fish"
"iPhone 5S Leaked Already!"
"The future of the iPhone!"
"What You See Vs What Animals See"
"First poster for Spielberg's Lincoln"
"Lincoln (2012) [743x1100]"
"Daniel Day Lewis is a pretty convincing Lincoln"
"Daniel Day Lewis in the first official Lincoln Poster. Does not disappoint."
"When I saw Daniel Day-Lewis's likeness to his historical character in the upcoming Spielberg biopic  I almost flipped my Whig."
"Daniel Day-Lewis as Lincoln"
"The longer you stare  the creepier and more confusing it becomes"
"Have fun sleeping tonight (SFW  but NSFL)"
"What a lovely day"
"I'd buy it."
"As a kid  this was my favorite athlete"
"ZOMBIES"
"Zombies"
"One caption can make all the difference..."
"I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH"
"♫ In the Year Two Thousaaaaaand ♫"
"“What will Michael Jackson look like in the year 2000?” from Ebony magazine  1985"
"Not exactly."
"A man getting drilled in the head."
"Partiers beware."
"Home Made Drugs"
"If we're talking about weird things 4chan does with their cum then here ya go"
"The God Particle"
"so... I did the random 5 letter imgur search..?"
"How I feel on a first dinner date."
"This guy has a drinking problem"
"idiot"
"Oh. . .its a leaf blower"
"This image was submitted two years and three days ago. It is the #21 top rated submission of all time on /r/pics. So Kuonji  can we get an update? Did she ever suck off the rest of those boys?"
"Sharktopus!"
"Cockblocked by live wire"
"Wild horses in France. Amazing photo."
"Ill bet it does taste good.."
"I'll eat it if you aren't going to."
"Dodgeball with a panda."
"Don't think gas is our real problem..."
"Very scary gif I picked up at /x/ a while back"
"Did you see it?"
"So creepy..."
"It's my 2nd Reddit Birthday  I didn't notice in time to celebrate my first one... so this is how I feel today."
"My reaction after I cum but the girl keeps stroking. &quot;AHHH! STOP!&quot;"
"How I feel when a stranger says &quot;Hey  love your shirt&quot;."
"How I felt when one of my posts got over 1000 karma for the first time."
"Finally downloaded RES; this is how I'm feeling right now"
"How I feel when someone continues my argument on reddit"
"Just broke a 1000 comment karma"
"Reddit when the President does an AMA"
"The first time i knew i was gonna have sex....FIXED"
"My reaction upon seeing all the Tard the Grumpy Cat posts on imgur."
"Hitler didn't mean for the jews to die!"
"when i take my girlfriend to a fancy restaurant"
"Sneezing Panda Get's a Surprise Check."
"It made me aww!"
"Couldn't Resist"
"Saw thiss GIF used  picked a better song"
"Sargent loses his brother"
"Restaurant in a cave"
"An Unlikely Friendship."
"A Three-Hour Tour..."
"This could not have been taken at a better time. ( fixed )"
"This could not have been taken at a better time"
"KNEEL I SAY!"
"They call him Muderface"
"Advice from an Ent [3]"
"Whenever I make a model"
"Close-up shot of Jupiter"
"Eye of Jupiter [1825x1190]"
"Close up shot of the Eye of Jupiter [1825x1190]"
"Close-up shot of Jupiter"
"This gets me every time"
"Say pal  can ya spare a towel?"
"Army Trolling"
"Cat Valentine"
"Hey!"
"YSK The voice overs of all the best cartoon characters"
"It's going to be really hot on Tuesday."
"Life without Google? That's a damn shame."
"Life Before Google."
"It's hard to imagine I used to live like this..."
"There's an owl in this coffee"
"Redditor photoshops owl eyes into coffee foam for no reason-- except karma  of course."
"Hula hoops in a cup of coffee"
"Who'd have thought dunking hula hoops in your coffee would have been so beautiful"
"Hula hoops dropped in coffee looks like an owl"
"spilt my hula-hoops in my coffee when suddenly..."
"How I feel about my job"
"classic kelso"
"Saw this on twitter made me giggle."
"Well that's one way to go down the stairs"
"You take the stairs. Well I don't"
"Harry potter and the magic candles"
"That moment when you realise you are high"
"chinchilla's party like there's no tomorrow"
"When someone takes the last slice of pizza (without asking)"
"Definitely an Allstar."
"Does anyone in r/gaming remember this game?"
"Space Cat"
"Searched &quot;Best Cat Ever &quot; was not disappointed"
"Peekaboo"
"The only thing you'll ever need for anything."
"This needs to be hanging on my wall."
"The greatest clock."
"Now you can pee standing up"
"I wonder why this never got popular."
"Yes!"
"So this exists.."
"I guess it is pretty convenient"
"SheWee...?"
"Let the Hunger Games begin!"
"Why we pirate music"
"Hi I'm Johnny Knoxville and welcome to Jackass."
"my new favorite gif"
"As an aspiring web designer this is how I feel learning PHP"
"The average redditer's reaction to visiting /b/."
"How I felt on no picture day"
"How I feel about church"
"So I walked into r/politics by accident"
"How I felt when I saw the front page a few minutes ago."
"Every Redditer's first experience with /r Spacedicks"
"This pretty much sums up my first experience with r/spacedicks..."
"Whenever I walk into a party and my ex is there..."
"When you go to your friend's house and his girlfriend is over."
"Whenever I play COD"
"What I do after walking into the bathroom at work to poop and someone is in a stall"
"Coming home at an [8] and realizing my parents haven't left yet"
"Oh  President Obama is doing a Reddit AMA today you say?"
"r/WTF after being reinstated as truly WTF related topics"
"Logged on to Facebook after the debate tonight."
"When r/random takes me to r/gore"
"Walked in the wrong classroom today.."
"How I feel downvoting a new post to 0"
"Tinkerbell's vagina... RIGHT in the childhood."
"Funeral Service Ad in a Subway [600x450]"
"Clever advertising"
"Sparkles and fire"
"Sparkles and fire"
"I feel so guilty"
"Um  what the? (NSFW)"
"Scumbag Redditor"
"To everyone who is about to graduate college"
"Oh NOW you tell me!"
"This pretty much sums up my life"
"You're gonna have a bad time."
"Programmer's pain."
"Non-native English speaker problem"
"First time playing Counter Strike when I realised..."
"If you move to Europe..."
"This just happen to me"
"My acute fear of pooping in public restrooms brought me to this realization the other day [x-post from advice animals]"
"Awkward..."
"Everyone who wanted to do an AMA today"
"My reaction when I open a link with too much text and no picture."
"Romney Going Gagnam Style"
"Romney Gangnam Style"
"Oh he knows it..."
"Mittens Gangnam Style!!"
"Mitt Romney knows it!"
"Oppa Romney Style"
"Great swell in Laguna Beach"
"Romney... Gangnam Style..."
"Oppa Romney style [fixed]"
"GOP Style!"
"The most relevant .gif of the past weeks"
"Oppan Romney Style"
"When i text a girl and she doesn't reply"
"Jeremy Wade's Goliath Tigerfish"
"The original Bad Luck Brian [FIXED]"
"A Saudi's idea of quality time."
"Roland &quot;Rollie&quot; Free breaking the American Motorcycle land-speed record in 1948 in a very boss-like manner."
"It's All in the Hat"
"Every time someone interrupts me in Maths class when I'm not using my calculator."
"how I feel with all the noobs clogging up the chat"
"Can't figure out what to post for my Cake Day"
"Modern day Snow White"
"Crayon Art"
"Crayon Art"
"I leave to go to the bathroom for a single minute  and I get this as my Facebook profile picture."
"Tea Party's Ideal Candidate for President"
"Trump is running for president. Guess it's only a matter of time now."
"So the President of the United States did and AMA today..."
"If you didn't catch the Democratic National Convention 2012 (USA)  here's what you've missed."
"How I feel now that all my friends have girlfriends"
"Just another day for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police..."
"TASER HIM JOHN!!! FOR GOD'S SAKE  TASER HIM!!!"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Fuck the Police"
"No  literally..."
"cat on head and nuts retreating"
"Reporting in Sir!"
"surprise adoption"
"My group just got a raise. This is how we feel."
"Avengers Style!"
"Sleeping husky"
"So Comfy"
"Its been a busy day in the mountain  Im gonna just lie here  close my eyes  and see what happens....."
"Officially my favorite gif."
"Someone Stop My Baby"
"Battletoads: The Movie"
"Back the FUCK up"
"Move bitch"
"I had to."
"This gifsound happened naturally (was already listening to the song when I saw it). I couldn't stop watching..."
"We need to sign this guy to block for Rivers! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Song was playing in my head when I saw it"
"Rupert approves of this message."
"Move  bitch"
"&quot;Back the fuck up!&quot;"
"Some OC"
"R.I.P. 9 october 1940 – 8 december 1980"
"Batman riding an elephant... your argument is invalid."
"I see your frozen foxes and horses  and I raise you a frozen reindeer"
"I see your frozen Canadian horses and raise you Norwegian decaying reindeer road signs"
"This will change your life"
"Here's a trick for you lazy potatoes out there!"
"Here's a trick for you lazy potatoes! (xpost from r/trees)"
"Good job  guys. Good to know we share the same opinions."
"Must... kill... 43.6% of the internet."
"What does the internet think of..."
"Stay Classy  Internet"
"History of Art."
"Watching the presidential debate brings back childhood memories."
"What watching the debate was like for me"
"What God has joined together  let no man separate."
"Game name"
"Every time I'm on Reddit."
"Really?"
"She probably hasn't even seen all the movies..."
"I think Lady Gaga has been eating those meat dresses at the end of every show..."
"I think Lady Gaga has been eating those meat dresses at the end of every show..."
"Stupid people who like shitty music... I present to you  Lady Gaga."
"How I feel after being guilted into running a 10k..."
"I forgot about my Cake Day."
"So I clicked random on imgur..."
"Extreme Parkour."
"Haven't seen a good one in awhile."
"Juggalos..."
"Where the **** am i?"
"How I feel when I realize I'm beyond page 4 of any subreddit"
"Oh  mercy me!"
"One of my favorite .gifs!"
"Correct."
"gawd I hope this isnt a repost. MY FAVORITE GIF EVER!"
"deal with it"
"Why So Curious?"
"What I feel like when I see posts that go like this... &quot;Hey Reddit one time something happened to me  anything similar happen to you ;)?&quot;"
"Ninja FAIL!"
"BatFact #42"
"Random batfact"
"Under Stair Storage - The Perfect Solution To Maximizing Space [500x752]"
"Finding a gif in the last few hours of your cakeday"
"The Shadow Art of Kumi Yamashita"
"wtf... why is there a drive-through window in his kitchen?"
"Nooooooo Bumble Beeeeeeeee!"
"Roll Out"
"You didn't see anything"
"Whoa dude  don't sneak up on bee like that."
"I must go  my people need me."
"You startled me!"
"Yep  Seems Legit"
"Doc with amazing mask!!"
"This  would freak me OUT. Why would this be a good idea?"
"It's my cakeday and nobody's upvoting my links"
"Kids Today"
"Googly Docs"
"Flawless Victory"
"Its understood."
"I didn't want to repost but  is there any chance someone can edit this so  &quot;OP&quot; is on the girl's shirt?"
"Thanks to Subwayeatn  I finally got the gif I wanted."
"Teamwork!"
"meh"
"When I realized it was my cake day."
"You float on a throne of lies"
"We all deal with things differently"
"We all deal with situations differently"
"We all deal with situations differently"
"Whenever I look at spacedicks before bed"
"A hurricane one week  snow the next. Moving from Florida to New York:"
"Foo Fighters"
"I want to embroider this so badly!"
"Mama cat loves her kitten"
"Party Hard"
"Who I want to kill after spending 5 minutes on Facebook"
"In the mid-90's my high school math teacher asked me  &quot;we learn math because...who's going to carry a calculator on them at all times?&quot;"
"Boy  with this heat wave  you know who's hot?"
"Who doesn't care about Apostolate?"
"My wife asked me who I would sleep with if I were single....."
"My friend met the President. Apparently  Obama referred to him as his &quot;homie.&quot;"
"That's one way to get the photo."
"The Doctor."
"wat."
"My kind of satisfaction"
"Abandoned Yugoslavian Monument [1122x886]"
"Abandoned Yugoslavian monument."
"Who indeed"
"Who indeed"
"Good Point"
"With one sentence  Mark Twain points out the basic hypocrisy of Christians ..."
"Seems you guys like Mark Twain  here's another gem"
"Dog hairdressing win"
"Using the Men's Room: Small penis: 10 cents Big penis: 2 Euros"
"Using the mens room"
"Collapse of the deep water horizon (x-post r/pics) [1600x1200]"
"Redditor destroys offshore drilling platform  takes photograph from escape boat  all while chasing that karma dragon"
"Collapse of the Deep Water Horizon"
"Not sure if the Romney team checked out the background letters on this on (just posted to his FB page)."
"A great picture of Romney and what he stands for"
"Anyone else notice the acronym...?"
"B S..."
"The signs know something about Romeny the rest of the room doesn't..."
"15 years for 100 dollars for the poor man  40 months for 3 billion dollars for the rich man..."
"I think this is what the 99% are talking about"
"WTF American Legal System! The 1% have more privileges than just money."
"Tell me baby are you wet?"
"I'm on a boat"
"Hey.. Ouch ouch ouch.."
"Can't stop watching the carnage"
"For Some Reason this gets funnier after the 4th repeat."
"Just a small boating accident..."
"Lick it"
"Jeremy Renner = Tard"
"Nick Cage wants to be with you always"
"it's about that time..."
"How i felt after seeing the temperatures for this week"
"It will begin any minute now....."
"College kids are starting to go home..."
"America Fuck YEAH!"
"How I feel on facebook today with the Higgs Boson discovery."
"Only downside to a day off in the middle of the week."
"YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS"
"We all know it's coming"
"Any time I ever update anything on Facebook."
"Batman"
"I've just seen a trailer for Quantum Conundrums..."
"So many home improvement posts"
"Mac vs. PC"
"My reaction when I accidentally stepped on my cats tail"
"My reaction when I accidentally stood on my cats tail"
"When I try to pet my cats"
"The United States-Mexico border"
"Goddammit Mr.Noodle!"
"Damn it Mr Noodle!"
"Swag Activated!"
"Still the best gif I've seen."
"No  THIS is how Reddit works."
"Will Atheism give me more love? How the Universe was created!"
"Oldest (potentially creepiest) gif on the internet. (of course it's a fucking repost)"
"shuttle breaking through the clouds"
"Yes  this shot is real..."
"Monsieur Mittens"
"I came across this distinguished gentleman over by the subreddit r/aww. What say you  fellows? Yay or nay?"
"Monsieur Mittens (X-post from /r/Aww)"
"like a sir"
"Drugs"
"That toy you secretly wanted to break just to know what's inside."
"Chasing his tail. (this was too good not to repost. x-post gifsound"
"can't break his stride"
"Perseverance"
"Let's taco 'bout it"
"So my cat likes to look out the window."
"A cat looking out a window. (X-Post from /r/aww)"
"Bertrand Russell: The whole problem with the world is... [780 x 512]"
"fools and fanatics"
"Bertrand Russell 2012"
"Pictures of things that are cuter than cats"
"Pictures of things cuter than cats"
"My girlfriend and I over the past 2 years"
"Whenever I see people I know in public"
"Super cool ski instructor has a message to all you directv customers"
"I laughed to hard about this."
"50 Shades Of"
"50 Shades of Gay"
"I survived"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"I was not in a good mood today"
"Constant Cynacism"
"Featuring your mom"
"That face"
"Dentists worst nightmare."
"Some Men..."
"A parasite in a ALL GLORY TO HYPNOTOAD!"
"Got something in your eye"
"all glory to the real hypnotoad!!!"
"Paper Fireworks for my Cakeday!"
"Soon."
"When I get no upvotes or downvotes on a post"
"When you tell a friend a joke and he repeats the same joke to your group of friends who all laugh at it"
"...excuse me"
"I didn't know they made teddy bears that small"
"If it fits I sit  again"
"When you realize that you're the one that's wrong in an argument"
"Snow Kitten"
"Well that wasn't too well planned out  now was it?"
"Yeah   stop being a lazy asshole !"
"Today is the Day we Take the Stairs"
"this ad is horrible  I won't stand for this."
"Well... most of us."
"Today is the day"
"The world's most expensive dog  a red Tibetan Mastiff  can be yours for only $1.5 million."
"Vegans vs. Carnivores"
"Vegan?"
"Saw this at school today."
"&quot;running&quot; cat and pillow"
"You Spin Me Right Round Baby Right Round..."
"Never had the chance to say bye."
"When I see someone complaining about the new Facebook."
"My response to Katawa Shoujo"
"Whenever the dentist tells me to floss more"
"Hard 2 Kill.."
"Oh sir you have a knife to the face? Better pull out my camera!"
"Chuck Norris is the ultimate sniper"
"The Longest Chuck Norris Gif Ever"
"You have something in your teeth"
"A nice fluffy owl. [x-post]"
"Just a Panda"
"Hey man  Its cool..."
"QUICK! Catch That Bandit!"
"Fat Chick Resembles...."
"Funniest thing I have ever seen yet on imgur"
"Dragon style"
"cat-like reflexes"
"Sick moves bro..."
"Me in a pvp battle"
"Do a Barrel Roll!"
"Drop and Roll"
"What I feel like when I do an assignment at the last minute."
"Paper due tomorrow  I am on track"
"He made me post this. I'm sorry"
"statuses today"
"statuses today"
"Weed"
"If you support either  you're sure to have a woody or a buzz"
"Bubbles knows best."
"It's gonna be a hell of a 4 years for President Obama"
"Bloomberg's idea of what Obama will look like after the next 4 years."
"the presidency is a bitch for your complexion."
"Internet Explorer"
"God i miss College"
"A giraffe licking a squirrel (courtesy to beautiful-animals.com)."
"Two things I hate"
"Stupid Hipsters.."
"I don't care if you need a ride to the E.R.  I have to walk her!"
"A cute puppy pic I seen today while browsing my work email"
"56 years of tornado tracks. Width corresponds to 'F' scale strength."
"West Virginia: Even Tornadoes avoid going there"
"Man Makes Amazing Map  Tracking Where Tornadoes Hit In America (You Might Be Surprised)"
"When I go to r/aww"
"Awesome curves and nice waves. [NSFW]"
"Toilet training"
"The most charisma I've ever seen in one place"
"The most charisma I've ever seen in one place [FIXED]"
"So I was checking out Knobiknows' celebrity pics collection when my computer exploded."
"The Meeting of the Greats."
"A bar full of class"
"Not quite sure what to title this as..too cool."
"I wish I could have been there for this conversation."
"Found an Obama gif someone must've made while high on something. Decided it needed music."
"Mmhm gurl (Fixed)"
"No possible explanation."
"Viagra's HQ in Toronto"
"Mortal Kombat: Prom"
"Mortal Kombat Prom [x-post r/funny]"
"Mortal Prombat"
"The good shepherd."
"Know the difference."
"I'm a sheep herder"
"Sexy!?"
"No  hold your hand like this"
"The Result of a Falcon Kick"
"Firefighter getting blown off a porch [825x550]"
"Like a scene out of Waterworld"
"Found this book online"
"an informative book for Reddit"
"Ten days after attempting nofap"
"7:59"
"Every iPhone user tonight..."
"So  Lady Gaga has been trying to teach us chemistry the entire time?"
"Troll Jesus is definitely the best meme ever"
"Photographer Yu Wu took this incredible close-up of a small ant biting a branch whilst holding up a rock. - Ants are capable of not only lifting  but carrying up to fifty times their own body weight!"
"Captain  the para-scope seems to be malfunctioning."
"Every time I see this picture it makes me laugh."
"Can you hear me now ?!"
"Remy Lacroix"
"Happy Owl."
"A yawning owl."
"I never got this about commercials"
"Fires His Bow"
"Sometimes goofing can yield unexpected results."
"What video does this gif come from?"
"I facepalm'd"
"Will that complete your order?"
"Time to Double Down!"
"Death before..."
"Death before..."
"I don't even know.."
"One of my favorite works of art."
"Map of all hurricanes since 1851"
"Fuck Horseshoe crabs... Now Coconut Crabs... They are scary..."
"Coconut crab"
"How I feel after eating Taco Bell for lunch and dinner"
"Drove behind the same car for about an hour and thirty minutes today.."
"Seeing a post on the front page you upvoted in r/new"
"President Obama did an AMA..."
"When my 8 month old daughter sees another baby"
"What is the most powerful Pokemon?"
"Sweet Jesus  it's Magikarp!"
"Magikarp"
"Magikarp futhermocker!"
"My favorite Pokemon"
"My friend and I started playing Pokemon Stadium last night on his N64. I was looking for tips/tricks today on the internet  and its safe to say I know what I need to do now."
"Nuff said"
"Quick  what's the most powerful pokemon in the world?"
"Saw this on the&quot;cutest couples&quot;page on facebook."
"Aww poor girl..."
"the recent CME (coronal mass ejection) on the Sun"
"Feeling a little koi."
"I can shooow you the wooorllldddd"
"MFW I saw there was a fresh box of donuts in the meeting room this morning"
"Simple yet incredible picture of a NASA Shuttle"
"Saw this picture pop up on FB today  and I read it in a English accent."
"Saw this on L train on my way to work in Chicago this morning"
"Who carries a label maker everywhere they go?!"
"holy shit bike wreck"
"Critical Condition"
"Beep Beep!"
"How a feel when somebody doesn't text back in the middle of a conversation."
"My old middle school staff has an awesome tradition for Halloween. This year? Star Wars"
"Last year my old middle school did Harry Potter. This year they did Star Wars."
"Kittens Stalking!&lt;3"
"Then and Now"
"Why don't all stores have this?"
"repost?"
"Winter is coming...in Turkey. Comedy magazine photoshops prime minister to criticize higher natural gas and electricity prices"
"Turkish magazine cover over upcoming raises on gas &amp; electricity prices featuring PM Erdoğan"
"One of Kris Kuksi's &quot;Churchtank&quot; sculptures - thought you guys might enjoy this [x-post r/Heavymind]"
"a church tank sculpture done by Kris Kuksi (x-post from r/heavymind"
"It works for every single disco song ever made."
"Finding out that your ex got fat"
"Fry doing the Hustle"
"Solitude"
"Bunnies snuggling."
"we had a earthquake earlier today..."
"To all my fellow Montrealers who survived the 4.5 earthquake last night. Stay strong."
"what we all learned from tonight's debate"
"Dog posing for a photo!"
"I Can Kill You With Cuteness or Lead..."
"Mr. Snuggles says we can trust you."
"When my girlfriend changes the channel during the football game."
"The waiting game... (x-post from aww)"
"Granger"
"Ten points to gryffindor."
"Snape getting his priorities straight"
"I'd do the same thing"
"Hover Cat."
"Blimp cats"
"Missiles inbound"
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
"Found this on my newsfeed. As a ginger I'm a little disappointed."
"Screencap from a game last night. Didn't know where to post this  but it gave me a nightmare last night. (xpost from r/pics)"
"When you see it..."
"/r/creepshots has been removed due to doxxing of the main mod."
"Why should the mods of /r/shitredditsays get away with unlawful threatening?"
"The Deadly Sins by kuski"
"Au Pair"
"O Mario what have you done"
"Chinese army training with live grenade"
"You'll be Cock of the Walk..."
"Cock of the walk (Xpost from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"Hitchens nails it  as usual."
"How it feels posting on r/funny"
"when my boyfriend tells me that I spend too much time on the internet"
"I know origami"
"Origami Reloaded"
"Stop it  it tickles!"
"No Questions Asked"
"The Exact Same Thing!"
"Something women need to keep in mind!"
"5 minutes: men vs. women"
"That explains it"
"The new apple"
"Who new meth could be so cute?"
"Who knew meth could be so cute? (Xpost r/pics)"
"The Original Forever Alone"
"How I feel as a college student every time I have a midterm"
"Any insect enthusiasts?"
"A closer look at the glass winged butterfly"
"Stunning Butterfly"
"Terraced Rice Fields in China"
"Terraced Rice Fields  China. Unbelievable color."
"Stop it  Jesus!!!!"
"You think just because you're the son of god I won't do it? Try me!"
"So true. So true"
"Do you still doubt your Darwinian origin?"
"For my cakeday I present my favorite picture."
"Just an orangutan copping a feel."
"I know that feel bro..."
"So my little cousin posted on FB that he was bored and gave everyone his new phone number... (pic)"
"The harsh reality"
"Bad parental motivational speeches. Any more?"
"War."
"The Dark Knight(and other medieval themed Batman characters) by Igor Kieryluk"
"Bubble popping in slow motion"
"Walking Table"
"Must have table!"
"Excuse me  Sir. Your head looks like a..."
"Surfing CraigsList when I found an upvote."
"awww cute dog...."
"Wiener dog."
"What a cute....wait a second...."
"One of my friends is selling her puppies. I don't think this was the best picture choice."
"Your dog kind of looks like a..."
"My dog is such a dick."
"North Koreans preparing for launch"
"Maybe next time North Korea"
"North Korea's &quot;Long-Range Missile&quot;"
"North Korean rocket launch.. a success!"
"North Korea wants to launch nuclear missiles at the US"
"The longest caterpillar in the world"
"Move On Up"
"Movin' on up"
"Move On Up [FIXED]"
"Ben Kenobi on 9/11"
"The quintessential reddit .gif"
"AWKWARD [nsfw]"
"Someone is a little obsessed"
"New baby llama."
"Forklift lifting Forklift lifting machine"
"My experience with porn [SFW]"
"Why hello there"
"When a post makes it to the front page with an obvious grammatical error that no one points out"
"Nailed it."
"As a straight guy who supports gay marriage this makes me happy."
"The perfect shot."
"go outside and play!"
"kids these days"
"Play outside?"
"Lake of Fire - Mount Nyiragongo  Congo"
"Lake of Fire - Mount Nyiragongo  Congo"
"Mama said knock you out"
"I Moustache You A Question..."
"There's plenty more."
"Tears of impotent rage"
"Drink up!"
"Tears Of Impotent Rage"
"100% confidence"
"Serious  WTF?"
"I missed my cakeday  but this cheered me up."
"Black Man Whale"
"Still one of my favorite picture on the internet"
"Googled 'Majestic Creature' and was not disappointed"
"I cropped a picture of my friends dad on shamoo  it turned out better than expected..."
"I cropped a picture of my friends dad on shamoo  it turned out better than expected..."
"wat"
"Typed majestic creature   and went to images ..."
"Release the dolphins! (NSFW)"
"The unusual suspects ......."
"After his show ended  Barney hit some tough times."
"Gangsta rap made em' do it.."
"Oh I do say...It is quite the lovely day..."
"English smoke towers collapsing to classical music"
"Oh shit"
"I was watching Teen Titans when i saw..."
"Nobody ever does  do they?"
"We have taken Waldo for granted."
"r/WTF today..."
"Teenage and Turtle"
"What...why?"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today[FIXED]"
"The car stereo I want today [Fixed]"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today [Fixed]"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today"
"Oh how much has changed"
"Be Inspired"
"Magic Whale"
"Is it worth it?"
"In the rain"
"How I feel as a college student on Christmas break"
"How I feel as a college student on Christmas break [FIXED]"
"After 2 bong rips"
"The 4am Gaming Feeling."
"When someone scratches the right spot on your back"
"Nice graphical representation of brain development from birth."
"How your brain develops"
"There are over 100 billion neurons in your brain. The same number as there are stars in the Milky Way Galaxy."
"Old  but still good."
"I've seen this happen alot  especially in Mw2."
"you create a monster  little child"
"Nicolas Cage"
"Nicolas Cage"
"Give my compliments to the chef"
"Gets me every time"
"I will find you.."
"I love the movie Taken."
"Much appreciated Liam"
"Carly Rae Jepsen meets Liam Neeson"
"how i handle prank callers..."
"Preparing him for the role."
"Hitler without a moustache..."
"I could watch this for hours."
"Magdeburg water bridge"
"yo dawg we heard you like rivers.. So we took a river and put it over a river"
"Not bad [reversed]"
"president face swap"
"Adobe DeBlur Technology"
"Omg bubbles"
"Imma get that fish bubbles. Fishes love bubbles"
"Got bored and faceswapped my inlaws today..."
"Face swapped my inlaws  no differences to report."
"Face swapped my inlaws... No differences to report."
"This happen this morning."
"Greatest photobomb in history."
"Reddit sweatshop."
"Jamaican celebrating Usain Bolt's three gold medals."
"smoke break in CO"
"Me gusta Tarzan"
"Your Hits Amuse Me"
"What I believe trolls are like when someone reacts to their posts."
"I would hit that..."
"My friend just sent me this.."
"The Four Horsemen of Bonanza"
"Ghost riders in the sky."
"This is the face I have to look at when I go to work (FIXED)"
"May be a repost but I'm going for it. Woo hoo!"
"I see this happening more and more nowa days."
"Mosquitos are simple and closed minded."
"Going through my high school yearbook..."
"What is the source of this?"
"Gravity defying floating House in Ukraine (Located 1 km from Krasnosilka)"
"Finally created a reddit account... This is how i feel right about now..."
"I hate this about myself."
"It scares me how often this happens"
"Every. Fucking. Time."
"Please don't die."
"My reaction to Michelle Bachmann dropping out."
"How the 8 people must feel after Obama answered their question"
"Sorry guys. I didn't mean to I swear."
"Sorry guys  I did not mean to."
"I So Sorry Guys...:("
"Hipster Dog"
"I love dogwhistles."
"Oh soccer WTF"
"That's not right."
"Maybe Broccoli doesn't like you either."
"I've never hated another character more then you..."
"My RA told me to take down some of the posters in my room."
"when my girlfriend tells me to clean my room"
"Zangief Horse"
"When I make an honest attempt on r/adviceanimals"
"This horse thinks it can fly"
"I believe I can fl- OHNONONO! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"To infinity and fffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!"
"Nope? What about you? Nope? Okay.."
"Every time I get too drunk."
"The central and peripheral nervous system of a human being. So  it turns out that deep down we're all just flying spaghetti monsters."
"The central and peripheral nervous system of a human being. So  it turns out that deep down we're all just flying spaghetti monsters. [X-Post from r/pics]"
"The central and peripheral nervous system of a human being. So  it turns out that deep down we're all just flying spaghetti monsters."
"Central and peripheral nervous system of a human being."
"My reaction when I finally got my crush's phone number"
"Actually pretty creative"
"I see your LEGO Freddie Mercury and raise you one Stephen Hawking"
"Googled Stephen Hawking  came across this gem"
"Googled Stephen Hawking. (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Mother of God........"
"Bath Salts: Illustrated [NSFW]"
"The Gif(t) of Bath Salts."
"Bringing WTF back to its roots... Bath Salts Illustrated NSFW"
"Only 4chan!"
"Gas stations are dangerous (NSFW)"
"Just your average day for me. (GIF)"
"O__O"
"Found this on a backup hard drive..."
"Animal Crossing was a weird game..."
"(sfw) karma whoregy"
"Spectacular Lebanese Waterfall View"
"Underwater Hoverround"
"Laziness at its finest"
"Wall-e II: Ocean Adventure"
"That's a rather unfortunate name for an Apple Store employee"
"Inspirational."
"an inspirational quote from a great actress"
"Words of wisdom."
"DI3 4 YR GOV3RNM3NT"
"Creepy pig!"
"Piggy  wtf?"
"This is a picture of Batman stabbing a shark with a lightsaber."
"oh bosh..."
"When you accidentally get on camera."
"Chris Bosh Photobomb"
"Checkmate Christians"
"Two great tastes that taste great together. [3:30]"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus [GIF]"
"Jesus at the last supper"
"seems legit"
"Flight of the Sandstorm (the other one was broken)"
"Omarion hit the stage like switching characters in Marvel vs Capcom"
"Omarion.. what are you doing?... Omarion.... STAPH!"
"Can anyone explain what this cat is doing and why he's/she's doing it?"
"Srsly?"
"But it's from my mommy to me"
"Eagles are scary. They steal children and murder deer."
"How to make a panda."
"Every. Single. Time."
"Why do they do this?"
"I wish I knew these people."
"Weeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!"
"THESE THINGS. FUCK. EVERYTHING. ABOUT. THESE. THINGS"
"I am moving from the East Coast to the West Coast next week and there's one thing I won't miss"
"Zero clucks given."
"How I feel when my girlfriend yells at me while she's on her period"
"My cat just heard the vacuum cleaner"
"Best use of this quote.... Ever."
"If you can't handle me at my worst..."
"Bubbles!"
"It's not only the speech bubble"
"When obama endorsed gay marriage  they were all like &quot;orange mocha frappuccinos!&quot;"
"this is my new favorite .gif"
"All day today."
"Uncle lamp."
"Am I doing this right?"
"Sitting on the couch with my laptop.then this happened"
"nom nom nom"
"Diet Bacon"
"Forever Alone Cuddle Buddy problem solved"
"Actually I don't want to brush my teeth anymore."
"Lightning striking Chilean volcano mid-eruption"
"Hipster Jokes make me laugh."
"How did the hipster burn his tongue?"
"Oh Hipsters!"
"The most common picture I see on reddit while using the mobile app."
"weeeee!!!"
"Just a baby otter with a bottle"
"*squish*"
"Squishy Baby"
"squishy face"
"Melon time!"
"Any idea what causes the recurring 'reverse spike' every day in concurrent users?"
"Those were the days"
"My reaction when the newly-hired IT guy asked what Reddit is..."
"It's a Religion!"
"As a math student  this made me laugh quite a bit(X-post from r/calvinandhobbes)"
"Ouch"
"My face after 30 seconds in /r/spacedicks"
"Best Facebook Gold I've ever seen"
"Cuteness level is over 9000!"
"Coincidence?!? I think not..."
"Dirty Link..."
"Mother Nature: Skull Level"
"Skull flower"
"I don't always see it  but when I do  I really see it."
"Skull Flower"
"Skull flower."
"Skull Flower..."
"Calvin and his ego"
"Personal Responsibility"
"Turn The Page"
"Browsing Reddit with my younger brother"
"In depth TBS analysis..."
"That guy?"
"Well that answers my question (X-post r/baseball)"
"TBS tells us who Mike Gonzalez is."
"'Right here? Yeah  right here'll do.'"
"It gonna be chilly tonight!"
"Its not a puppy  but this is adorable"
"Gotta.."
"I raise you the most Australian picture ever."
"So i Googled &quot;the most Australian picture ever&quot;"
"I see your most American and most British pictures and raise you the most Australian picture ever:"
"This scares the shit out of me..."
"I found the location where Felix Baumgartner went into puberty."
"When my american friends told me that all british shows are boring."
"Me (A g.i. bill supported  food stamp using  government health insurance needing student) whenever my super conservative friend tries to tell me about how Obama is ruining America."
"San Fransisco in ruins May 28  1906"
"That second when you realize you forgot to take a morning dump  and you just arrived at work."
"OMG SO FUN moon walk"
"Every Redditor today on Obama's IAmA"
"This is r/kerbalspaceprogram right now."
"Heroic Dog"
"I'll save you!"
"i'll save you (x-post from /r/funny)"
"But this is actually clever!"
"Whenever I come up with a witty comment..."
"What I send to my friends when they brag about their karma"
"Close call x 2 combo"
"One Eyed Cat"
"Bacon and Skyrim?"
"This freaks me out everytime - Cellphone in Microwave"
"There is a ghost inside all cellphones which only a microwave can bring out"
"Cellphones: The Gateway to Hell; Microwave: The Key"
"This should be cool... OH GOD KILL IT!"
"It eats Nokias."
"&quot;Wow  that's impressi- NOPE.&quot;"
"Cell phone in a microwave. That's right  science."
"Falabella Miniature Horse"
"Aww"
"Kid's got a point"
"Flashing should have a weight limit  and that blonde guy agrees."
"When you see it..."
"Dunna dunna dunna dunna FATMAN!"
"Blue Steel"
"I'll just leave this here."
"Dwight Schrute is a master of disguise."
"Employee of the month"
"This has to be the most depressing thing I've ever read. Found on a rage thread on /b/"
"So a man dates a woman  she cheats on him  and they break up. It doesn't end there."
"The Epitome of Crazy Ex's (XPost  figured this really belonged in WTF)"
"This shit sucks. I fought with my ex wife about this shit. She didn't get it. (keywords: Ex.)"
"When I'm out of herb and hear my roommate packing a bowl"
"The only way I would watch the olympics"
"&quot;Let the games begin!&quot;"
"Fight!"
"I am the league of shadows !"
"One of the best pictures on the internet"
"The 2012 Olympic Mascots [Fixed]"
"cant believe i didn't see it before"
"The first thing I thought of when I saw this gif"
"Perfect."
"Curtiss C-46 that ditched in shallow water while on a smuggling mission to the Bahamas for the Medellín drug cartel"
"Yoink"
"stupid bird  you shall walk that way..."
"Clever martians"
"This reminded me of 99% of the girls out there..."
"Monsters by John Kenn [edited by 4chan]"
"A splash of rose"
"Aircraft Carrier sky vista"
"STRAAAAAALIA! Bloody hell yeah!"
"Meanwhile in Australia....."
"Calvin and Hobbs: Super Spies!!"
"Husky-Corgie Mix"
"I don't know what to do with my hands"
"Chameleowned."
"I hate when this happens while i'm eating"
"Cracks me up every single time."
"Still getting his legs under him"
"I don't care what your situation is  your day cannot possibly be going worse than his."
"What it feels like to hit the front page..."
"the longer you date a girl  the more conversations turn into this"
"Descent of the Modernists"
"This popped up on my newsfeed on Facebook.. just.. I have no good title (NSFW)"
"This showed up on my Facebook Newsfeed."
"Got Milk?"
"Soooo this is a thing now."
"Halloween Costume?"
"This just popped up on my newsfeed...Happy Halloween!"
"Mooove out of the bathrooooom  I have to do my hair. (NSFWish)"
"I've heard pregnant women complain about feeling like a cow  but this is a little extreme. NSFW"
"Disturbing Custume of the Year"
"Milk - It Does a Body Good"
"Awesome Halloween Costume [NSFW]"
"Need to make a good first impression!"
"Just hot"
"Just became lactose intolerant [x-post from /r/funny]"
"This goes here."
"Up high?"
"licenseplate created this image."
"Make it a dolphin...bitches love dolphins."
"Nice choice of tattoo..."
"This guy has an awesome sense of humour."
"Street Sharks  Meet the New Kid on the Block"
"BAD CAT"
"Hunter Hunted!!!"
"Meth before and after"
"Meth one time !!"
"Well... he did spend time on a whole planet made of &quot;ice.&quot; (From George Takei's fb page)"
"What have you done to yourself R2D2 !"
"The Real Effects of Meth"
"The horrible effects of Methamphetamine."
"R2D2 goes meth"
"&quot;Meth. Not for me.&quot;"
"Meth: Not even once."
"Not even once.."
"Not even once."
"Where I learned to eat a girl out [FIXED]"
"Hoho."
"Jim Lehrer = Gotye"
"You didn't have to cut me off."
"Poor Jim..."
"Gotye Moderator"
"True Story..."
"Tonight's debate in a nutshell."
"The true sad story about the debate."
"What Jim Lehrer was thinking the entire presidential debate...."
"This is how I feel after the presidential debate tonight"
"Poor guy"
"The only thing I took away from the Obama/Romney debate."
"Poor guy..."
"Jim Lehrer ft. Gotye"
"Poor Jim."
"I could see the angst building up in him."
"This guy. (Presidential Debate)"
"The Moderator"
"Summing up tonight's debate"
"Didn't have to cut me off!"
"The only thing I could think about after the Presidential Debate"
"Now you're just a candidate I used to know.."
"When you sing it  it's even funnier"
"Oh debates are just the best!"
"All I can Think Of Watching Pres Debates"
"What I got from the debate."
"Jim &quot;Gotye&quot; Lehrer"
"My mental grocery list as soon as I walk into the store. Every. Time."
"This post was never here."
"I hear that reddit likes alt art- here is a smurf to wash out the bad taste caused by the film"
"Ass"
"Dat ass"
"Dat Ass!"
"my 11 month old daughter went to see the kangaroos today."
"my 11 month old daughter went to see the kangaroos today (x-post from aww)"
"Blue skies.."
"Blue skies up North"
"Just chillin'."
"DAE miss this guy?"
"Stand back!"
"Seeing something you don't understand..."
"How reddit is going to be a couple of days"
"I wish this guy was still on TV"
"I wish this guy was still on TV"
"Stand back."
"Taken 3 Promo"
"Cure for the restless studier"
"Anarchy in the UK"
"What was he thinking...."
"Happy Birthday"
"What I think of most Cake Day posts"
"How a Cake Day on reddit really feels."
"Cake days summarized"
"Oh it's your cakeday?"
"How to tell you're about to have a bad day"
"The Ruff Life"
"Things Giraffes Hate"
"I've never seen this episode"
"The heroes of my childhood just got a little more badass."
"Did they fix the Minecraft graphics?"
"I was so let down when this didn't happen..."
"Play time is over"
"Reading the Times"
"INCOMING !!!"
"The only proper way to see Inception."
"This was my favorite TV channel when I was growing up."
"Somebody had to do it"
"The ultimate pug shirt."
"Yeah  I think that just about sums it up."
"Irony"
"On my mind.."
"Donald Duck Family Tree"
"Oh allergies"
"Its dangerous to go alone  take this!"
"A little cold and cross-eyed"
"Gotta workout  man."
"I imagine this is exactly what rat prison looks like...[gif]"
"mouse trap"
"now we know why Tom never catch Jerry"
"Happy Birthday!"
"My friend's pug must be celebrating his cake day."
"My friend made a dog treat cupcake for her dog's birthday...the dog didn't touch it."
"I See Adventure Time Love Here  but What About This Gem?"
"Chalk Zone..."
"Oh yes  these are the droids you were looking for."
"Religion does not always correlate with ethics"
"Can't remember i saved this  but just stumbled over it  and wanted to share"
"Found this at Georgia Tech. OC"
"Found this at my work"
"Boop!"
"My reaction to all the Fb posts about the Mitt Romney Vs. Barack Obama debate."
"Trippy 3D"
"3D without the glasses"
"Cant...stop...looking...at it"
"Cant...stop...looking...at it - Imgur"
"Just another baby born on Halloween."
"This is how pumpkins are born..."
"Halloween at a NJ hospital."
"Pumpkin Birth...WTF?"
"Taking Halloween to the next level"
"Stand clear  this one doesn't look like a normal delivery..."
"Make sure you wrap it up tonight or else..."
"My cousin found this at the hospital she works at..."
"Best pumpkin carving ever! (Not sure if repost)"
"Where baby pumpkins come from"
"Happy birthday?"
"Meanwhile......at the hospital"
"Mother of Pumpkin"
"Well  that's disturbing..."
"Creative Carving"
"Hospital Halloween!"
"Spotted at the OBGYN (FB)"
"Happy Halloween"
"It's a boy! Maybe a girl?"
"How Halloween was born"
"How pumpkins were made"
"Halloween baby"
"My sister send me this pic from her work at the hospital."
"Best pupmpkin carving ever!!"
"Happy Halloween!"
"This popped up on my news feed... Happy Halloween I guess"
"PUSH!!!"
"Pumpkin Birth"
"Pumpkin Forcing Another Pumpkin Out Of Its Hairy Pumpkin Vagina. Pumpkin."
"My mom sent this to me for halloween from her job as a nurse. Notice they even put hair."
"Best. Pumpkin. Ever."
"It's my real birthday today  and all I want to do all day is watch these guys."
"Starry WONDER"
"The Ying and the Yang of World Hunger"
"The yin and yang of world hunger."
"The Yin Yang of world hunger"
"Hurricane Sandy is kinky"
"They see us rolling..."
"They see us rollin"
"Sneak peek at Robert Downey Jr.'s new action figure."
"When did this ever seem like a good idea?"
"I dont even know what to name this (x/post from r/wtf)"
"I don't even know"
"Different kind of spin."
"Reposts!!"
"Pretty sure this is how Reddit works."
"One smart tourguide."
"Lesson on using a computer responsibly[NSFW]"
"Wake Up"
"How me and my friends felt knowing Toonami is coming back on the 26th."
"Lets get a Party Going"
"Castle House Island- Ireland"
"Everyone knows there's no such thing as &quot;one last cookie.&quot;"
"Double tooth wtf"
"Johnny Depp  John Cusack  Hunter Thompson  and a blow-up doll. Someone forgot to invite Charlie Sheen to the party."
"Hunter S. Thompson  John Cusack and Johnny Depp riding around with a blow-up doll. Just because..."
"Hunter S. Thompson  John Cusack  and Johnny Depp in a convertible with a blow up doll."
"My own and I am sure lots of other people reaction to the new iPhone."
"Are you here to solve my ketchup problem?"
"Dont talk while he drives"
"How I browse reddit (x post from r/ragenovels)"
"8:05"
"Whenever I'm browsing r/trees  high or not"
"How I feel being on pain killers after getting my wisdom teeth taken out"
"Bible vs gays  Found this and i thought i should share"
"Bob Marley CDs"
"Bob Marley made out of Bob Marley CD's mic"
"Aww shit!"
"The confusion in his eyes .."
"Penguin slide"
"*Rip*"
"If Romney did an AMA..."
"How I feel browsing Reddit as someone who doesn't like cats very much."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Long Exposure Shot of Airplane Takeoff"
"Australian model caught distracted during a photo shoot when the first plane hit tower 1 WTC on 9/11"
"Old Womann vs Machine"
"Poor grandma...."
"What it's like coming back to Reddit from absolutely any amount of time away"
"Please tell me I am not the only one on Reddit that remember this guy. Happy Anniversary Nate."
"Adorable Baby Albino Sea Turtle."
"One stands out from the rest..."
"Albino baby sea turtle"
"albino baby sea turtle"
"Overthinking."
"Can't say he is homeless  right?"
"Frugal living in the city."
"&quot;Bad Cell&quot; - James Jirat Patradoon"
"Saw this on my neighbor's house  thought you might like it."
"how i feel when hulu skips an ad"
"How it feels to finally remove that last popcorn kernel from between my teeth"
"When a cute girl goes from &quot;in a relationship&quot; to &quot;single&quot; on Facebook"
"When a gif from r/reactiongifs makes the front page"
"Frodo dancing in the street with a dog."
"For my second cakeday  repost of my first save. Eye Macro"
"x-section of a dick  THE HARD WAY (NSFW)"
"Yes. This is Dog. Now comes in GIF."
"Made this for a friend who shared something on facebook immediately after I shared it  to the same people."
"What I say to telemarketers"
"How I felt the day after submitting my very first post"
"How I feel on Reddit today"
"Sodacide!"
"My reaction to the most recent Adam Sandler movies"
"WTF happened to her tongue?"
"I literally cannot stop staring at this."
"After eating way too many sour candies."
"Tongue  are you ok?"
"Happy Family!"
"Typing class was right!"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"The entire alphabet  in one GIF."
"Awww"
"Almost Politically Correct Flight of the Conchords"
"A virus maybe?"
"Thug Luv"
"Gangster nap"
"cat on coffee?"
"not it! not it! not it!"
"Amusing Corner Kick"
"My current wallpaper."
"Smile!"
"This gif freaks me out!"
"When someone tells me to eat like a lady"
"Waterfall in Ecuador (pic)"
"Pet missing?"
"Found these on an article  so cute!"
"Thought this also belongs here (xpost from /r/atheism)"
"Reddit  Meet Zeus."
"I used to play this in the bathtub as a child."
"My first rage as a child-"
"Gaming Lizard. (xpost from r/funny)"
"Found out i missed my cake day  but i am now part of the one year club!"
"Run  Mars  RUN!"
"Forever Alone Tattoo"
"Came across this gem today."
"Oh Modern Family how I love you"
"My response to what if I'm wrong."
"Aurelius on life"
"New Yorkers save space by parking cars in jelly"
"Cars floating in a flooded parking garage entrance  on October 30  2012 in the Financial District of New York. [2200x1468]"
"DuDum DuDum ... Attack!"
"reddit's worst nightmare...or possibly best?"
"For the 90's kids"
"rugrats meme's"
"I hate doing this"
"Popped up on my feed today."
"Last Minute Halloween Idea: Ghost Sluts"
"Last Minute Halloween Costume: Scantily Clad Ghosts"
"This may be a re-post  but at least it's not a re-post."
"Always look on the bright side"
"Every time I try a cool dance move..."
"Batman dancing skillz."
"I bwought you dis but it don't bounce anymore"
"He's not mine  but it would be a crime not share"
"Um....I think I'll hold it in..."
"What is dead may never die! But rises!!"
"&quot;swag&quot;"
"Still the funniest Onion headline I've ever read."
"My mom sent me a picture of my brother's adorable kids. But this was all I could see..."
"Pumpkin carvings"
"What ill be telling myself all Movember"
"A true hero"
"My neighbors car was crushed by a falling tree."
"Kitten and Bubbles"
"Bubbles...EVERYWHERE"
"Mindfuck."
"Cake Day! Anyone surprised by these facts?"
"Rappers answer a survey about anal sex"
"Someone actually spent time making this..."
"Best Valentine ever!"
"Sometimes I feel this boss and I have no idea why"
"Get Mum another prozac."
"Tiny Romney"
"Scenic destruction"
"Didn't expect that"
"Let us gracefully break things  /r/Gifsound."
"Sometimes you have to scare people with a stiff fine."
"You dont say?"
"I'd hate to pay the $200.00"
"Maybe the best tattoo I've ever seen..."
"Spiderman."
"What it feels like to have a mustache:"
"How I feel as a teenager with my first real mustache"
"All of my guy friends this month"
"How I felt after re-watching &quot;Batman and Robin&quot; since I was little"
"How I feel every time I decide to finish in a messy fashion"
"Anytime I eat an entire handful of jellybeans"
"How I feel after showing my girlfriend r/aww."
"Whenever I eat a cookie or pastry before I realize we're out of milk..."
"How I felt after shaving my legs as a man"
"Went to Wowomg.com for the first time..."
"When I didn't buy the game I wanted when it was on sale."
"I haven't had McDonalds in a while and I decided to give it another try"
"So I decided to try McDonalds for the first time in a while. This is my immediate reaction"
"Bad influence"
"What I imagine people on r/aww are like!"
"When I come home to walk my dog"
"For Gordge"
"How I feel when the UPS/FedEx delivery man arrives."
"Bart on church (x-post from r/vertical)"
"Statistics (Possibly [NSFW] )"
"Statistically correct"
"riding a bike like a boss"
"Sexiest Dog in the World"
"Vampires .."
"Is that ice cream for me?"
"Oh  hey otter."
"Scheriously guysch..."
"Otter loves glass (x-post from r/funny)"
"when i get complimented for my good job at work after a hard day of doing nothing."
"Snozberries..."
":P"
"Statue of Liberty Construction - Bartholdi's Parisian Warehouse Workshop ca. 1883 [1 163 × 812]"
"Building the Statue of Liberty  1884."
"Saw this guy on my news feed.Smart dog I must say."
"Father dog and his tobacco pipe."
"Creepy gif"
"The image that single-handedly ruined my childhood."
"Attention!"
"WAKE UP!"
"For my cakeday  here's my favorite aww gif!"
"Realistic Banjo-Kazooie taken too far."
"Welcome to the KKK Carnival!"
"How I looked when I got caught trying to seek back into my house at 3am"
"Replying to OP"
"What must go through the other person's head every single time I get into an argument."
"This still gets me every time."
"When you see it..."
"Stephen Hawking in 1965  looking pimp. [pic]"
"Young Stephen Hawking"
"Stephen Hawking Before Wheelchair"
"I'm gonna get me some Moms"
"HAAAY GUYS!"
"it's kinda late to notice it now"
"Peeing Your Pants at 20 000 Feet"
"Would you be scared?"
"Now THIS is how you keep a dog in a cone very happy."
"More like Cone of Awesomeness!"
"More Like Cone of Awesomeness!"
"How I feel after eating a piece of cake."
"Booga Booga"
"MISTY"
"Hot Misty Halloween Costume"
"OURS IS FURY!"
"The shield that guards the relm of men"
"When I see a repost on r/reactiongifs"
"My and Reddit's reaction to Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"As a female redditor  this is my reaction to the Kate Upton posts"
"When people upvote a repost"
"Out of 100 nobles  99 were impressed."
"How I feel being more excited for Total Recall than TDKR..."
"I guess they just aren't gangsta enough"
"We run this shit"
"&quot;We Run This Shit&quot;"
"We run this shit"
"We run this shit"
"Yuri Gagarin (Fixed)"
"I see what you did there"
"If I saw these in the US  I would buy every single one."
"Past &amp; Present"
"My face when I ask someone for a favor."
"How I feel when I punch a snake"
"When someone knock's on my door while im masturbating"
"Character reenactment of the first time I attempted to give a hand job. (SFW)"
"How to defeat a random boner in class"
"One little change  and its a whole different picture"
"Photoshop makes all the difference"
"Canadians"
"I'm sorry for saying sorry. So sorry so here's a picture to say how Sorry i am"
"Too soon?"
"Too soon?"
"nom nom nom once again"
"Better than Boondock Saints Part II -"
"It Is Your Corrupt We Claim. It Is Your Evil That Will Be Sought By Us."
"Love this guys"
"And shepherds we shall be..."
"Words cannot express how much this picture made my day"
"Optical illusion"
"Everybody on reddit trying to get in the Obama AMA right now."
"Trying to view the Obama AMA"
"Whoops! Wandered into spacedicks..."
"My reaction to 4chan after just one hour"
"I was annoyed at all of the Santorum posts here  so I looked up his opinions  and this was my reaction to them."
"My reaction when I saw an advertisement For Snooki and Jwow's new show."
"I hope he's left handed..."
"Ultimate dog!"
"Awesome Dog"
"I don't post a lot  but after being here for a year  this is my general impression of reddit."
"Posts about blackout survival stories?"
"All of reddit when a post initially breaks the 3000 barrier"
"When someone asks to use my computer."
"Oh my...god?"
"Fills me with happy"
"Friends..."
"I'm gonna miss these two guys."
"Its all a matter of perspective"
"So proud of you Tyrone ;_;"
"Anyone ever teach you it's not polite to stare  Motorcycle? [x-post from r/pics by u/CardboardDoom]"
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"Thanks reddit. I enjoyed the silly moose"
"Am I the only one who thinks they're stoned?"
"Have a silly moose"
"Itteh Bitteh Kitteh Kisses"
"table cat."
"My reddit mobile experience"
"&quot;You think you're pretty  huh?&quot;"
"Oh Keanu"
"Fire safety: Helping an unconscious friend"
"Legit"
"In Case of Fire"
"Rescue winner"
"Because it's America  that's why!"
"Someone make this! (FB newsfeed)"
"Solution to oversleeping"
"nasa picture of the day"
"Milky Way Over Quiver Tree Forest"
"Best of buds"
"States with the names of countries that have a comparable GDP"
"True dedication"
"Let me fight this boss"
"Itty Bitty Ducky Bathtime"
"autobots rollout"
"Crocheted a reddit alien hat!"
"The most awesome tattoo of all time"
"Maybe poems aren't your thing"
"Dog Poetry"
"This is what /r/WTF is all about..."
"Skyrim for the Gameboy with music"
"I hste typos"
"Just another fucking cat picture."
"Aren't They Cute"
"My kitten wants to make sure they look squeaky clean for their pictures.."
"Behold. The door to the front page."
"Catnip  not even once."
"Problem  Jack?"
"Trolling Jack Nicholson..."
"Why so serious?"
"Obama wants to take away are guns"
"Suspicious cat."
"I'm watching... always watching."
"What do you propose?"
"Mistakes into Miracles"
"Born with googly eyes"
"What Reddit feels like sometimes"
"How I show Reddit to my friends"
"Visine gets the red out"
"The Unicorn Curse"
"Einstein had interesting taste in shoes..."
"Nice shoe choice Einstein"
"Lucky Car Owner."
"One of the best costumes so far"
"Too bad they smell awful."
"Handful of Sugar Gliders"
"Not a dog  a cat  or a moose. r/aww needs more sugar flyers"
"My reaction when I realize I have been on Reddit for a year."
"Even though it was a short appearance I really liked the Robin in Batman: Arkham City."
"A dog walking a dog"
"just walking the dog."
"Wat"
"Message delivered"
"Real subtle"
"Conan the Barbarian is losing his shit!"
"r/catholicism didn't really appreciate this"
"&quot; PAY ATTENTION TO MEEEEEE &quot;"
"Maybe he murdered the Pizza Hut delivery guy"
"PIZZA DELIVERY"
"Fred Rogers?"
"This is what I do when my coworkers laugh at me."
"To that one person that down votes my shit in the first minute."
"Mr. Rodgers?"
"When I leave a comment up after being downvoted by people who disagree"
"How every Australian feels about all these Borderlands 2 posts."
"I wanna see!"
"Hmm that must be what DP is like..."
"President Obama after submitting his AMA"
"Cool as a cucumber."
"Even in the White House..."
"I did it. I made the connection."
"Lazy Level"
"Lazy College Kid"
"Saw this for the first time today"
"It's October 3rd."
"&quot;It's October 3rd&quot;"
"I wait all year for this day."
"It's October 3rd."
"Dragonfly covered in Sparkling Dew Drops. Credit: David Chambon."
"How to make a pizza."
"A cat's guide to making pizza."
"One of the best satirical images I've ever seen. (Credit to Paul Kuczynsk)"
"illustration satirique sur le discours politique"
"Every election season  this is how it always is"
"How I feel about the Presidential Race"
"Random Imgur sums it up quite well"
"Beluga whale uses water gun!"
"What I think of when I see a tall/big guy taking French"
"GTA V - Tennis is in!"
"More of GTA V"
"Fuck parachutes  you can possibly play tennis!"
"So my brother got a label maker."
"Classic contraption at UCLA dorms"
"So... what are you trying to tell me?"
"Whenever someone inexplicably hates one of my posts."
"Fuck you"
"Cee Lo everybody  it's Cee Lo"
"A friend of mine posted this earlier on Facebook. I can't tell if it's some sort of fluffy dildo or a fluffy dog?"
"Bitch please i do what i want"
"What I thought of after watching the Black Ops 2 trailer."
"My first thoughts on seeing the Black Ops 2 preview..."
"So I googled &quot;How to get on the front page of reddit&quot;."
"cutest ever  I want to play with one so bad!"
"Baby otter + Keys = GLORY"
"I think this lil guy is tired of swimming everywhere"
"Presents!!!"
"ipod/ipad/..."
"I miss this guy as president"
"Bill Clinton brings saxy back"
"This bird flies solo (Bill Clinton)"
"I was astonished not to find this already done. Epic Sax President."
"Moving out of my apartment soon and the landlord is starting to show my place to people..."
"As a poor grad student  whenever I have company over to my apartment..."
"This is also correct."
"This pictures turns my world upside-down."
"Assassins Creed Girl Cosplay"
"This is a baby owl."
"Baby Owl"
"Tiniest owl you'll ever see"
"What a hoot"
"This owl is a nuclear cutesplosion."
"Are owls the new thing on r/aww? I hope so!"
"Baby Owl"
"Honest Abe"
"Trying to juggle ap classes whilst being an avid reditor."
"What jobhunting feels like."
"I know this is a repost but this is my online dating experience."
"How I feel arguing with my mom about anything."
"That looks completely normal"
"(^w^)"
"Into the lake"
"Into the lake"
"Faces morphing into each other (It's all about the eyes)"
"Yum"
"Told my girlfriend I love when the page is full of blue links. Woke up to this."
"Nerds need lunch too."
"I pronounce you... GAYYYYY!"
"Fabuloussss!"
"This defined a hipster for me when I was younger."
"The original hipster..."
"The day is coming..."
"How I feel every time I miss the beginning of a new meme on Reddit."
"The older I get  the more I realize Abe was right."
"My childhood...It aches!!"
"ed edd  and eddy fail"
"No comments..."
"Trick or Treat!"
"god  i wish i knew the background behind this photo."
"Home Alone  the early years"
"Rock Paper Scissors"
"prepare your anus"
"The look I give my wife after she tells me she wants to have sex"
"So... Just take on every day then?"
"Take 40-44 pills per day"
"Gorgeous"
"Fierce eyes"
"A i am sorry cake!"
"D'awwwwww"
"Baby Monkey Taking A Bath"
"find the movement from all"
"Sometimes the most subtle gifs are the best ones"
"I love gravity [NSFW]"
"Dropped (nsfw)"
"I would have given this child an A+ for creativity."
"Poor Goat."
"My penis in a goat"
"Bambi and Thumper meet."
"Saw this guy at a concert last night."
"What my facebook looks like regarding the election."
"This makes me smile."
"Running through the E4 with an amulet coin"
"That's A Penis!"
"Oh lawd..What are you doing Ronaldo?"
"How I feel about &quot;When you see it&quot; Links"
"Self-Conscious"
"Ronaldonna"
"We had a surprise test today!"
"Someone call the cops.. cause this baby is about to get plowed."
"Every time I grill."
"Whenever I BBQ."
"I love video games."
"BREAKING?"
"Whenever I try to impress a girl"
"How I look when I flirt with a girl..."
"Oh snap!"
"How I feel looking at Reddit's front page before I log in"
"If J.J. Abrams and Vince Gilligan teamed up for a show."
"New kind of deep sea monster discovered off the coast of WHARRGHARBL"
"Excuse me sir  did you see where my friends went?"
"Which way did they go?"
"You didn't see some foxes run through here did you?"
"In Russia car seat is you."
"My friend spent an hour chasing a turtle. Success!"
"I know you has one"
"Someone erased this because OP didn't know he was dumb  here it is again..."
"My email now that the semester has ended"
"How it feels on the front page after unsubscribing to most of the major subreddits."
"Independence day on reddit for everyone else"
"The rest of reddit during the Obama IAma..."
"So I logged into MySpace today..."
"My comments on Reddit."
"Completely relatable"
"Sexy Picard has a question for Wesley"
"Still the best skiing game ever"
"So I was checking my email when...."
"Booked my train tickets last night - Think Thetrainline.com is trying to tell me something?"
"that went well."
"Got this in my gmail inbox. Seems legit."
"Google  you continue to crack me up"
"I failed.(x-post from dayz)"
"I failed...(x-post from /r/DayZ)"
"You have the right to remain LOL"
"Out of everything you do for me RES  I love this the most"
"The Difference Between /r/Gaming and the Other Gaming Subreddits."
"But who shall make it to the frontpage?"
"It's a great family video game"
"The Most Annoying Kid in the World"
"WOW A MEME ERMAGERD"
"Red vs Blue: You decide. WTF is a person to do?"
"The 49th most popular website in the world goes to:"
"Hungry Puppy Forgets How to Gravity"
"Anti-gravity dog"
"I think Neil Patrick Harris was just accepting Jason Segel's &quot;challenge&quot; from his last tweet..."
"This has probably never been done before"
"This has probably never been done before"
"The things you learn in Biology class."
"How I feel when I meet other redditers"
"When someone asks if I'm a redditor."
"Every time I get a hair cut."
"Upvotes Vs Downvotes"
"How I feel in a boring lecture with my laptop"
"Spiderman does what he wants!"
"Caught me off guard."
"How I imagine Mods react when they ban someone"
"I love the term &quot;we're expecting&quot;..."
"Expecting"
"Ummmm.....wut"
"Found this gem on google images..."
"From the time he found out  Bruce Wayne promised that he would be the best parent he could."
"This baby shall rule the world"
"What it reminds me of when people put a &quot;b&quot; in front of their &quot;hahaha's&quot;."
"I have no idea what I'm doing..."
"Of course not  you're a dog."
"Take our picture  Dog!"
"WHY SHOULD THEY BE HAPPY?"
"One of my favourite Scrubs moments."
"First gifsound I've done. Not that good."
"Dear Siri"
"I wanted food...."
"Going to turn the light off real quick... [FIXED]"
"Final Exams."
"I have an exam next week  this is my inspiration."
"just a frog and a mouse"
"What happens when you dont go to college"
"oh man  i knew something wasn't right here"
"Why wont it close?!"
"I knew I should of got a smaller suitcase!!"
"Why doesn't it clo... &quot;oh...&quot;"
"Awesome costume"
"Did I do my Halloween costume right!?"
"FUCK YOU"
"This cat is a BOSS!"
"The burden of down-votes"
"WTF ASIANS?"
"Classic Asian efficiency."
"25-Meter Belly Flop"
"Sickest Dive Ever"
"Homework sucks"
"HIFW someone mentions they are down-voting me."
"When I divorce my husband due to his hatred of shrubs"
"Probably Felt So Relieving..."
"I guess he got what he asked for."
"I guess so.."
"quote from man stabbed"
"Quote From Man Stabbed"
"Still gets me every time"
"Note to self: Watch the news more often"
"&quot;Well  yeah.&quot;"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Didn't see that coming.."
"Be careful What you say."
"Horse Physics"
"Favorite gif ever."
"Never give up on your dreams and you'll go"
"Never give up on your dreams and you'll go"
"My friend said i'm oblivious to female compliments on this level"
"How I react when an attractive girl flirts with me"
"Don't Mess with Trump"
"Better not mess with Donald Trump  or else..."
"KITTY HUGS!!!"
"Be careful what you wish for!"
"LOL DYING"
"Don't worry  Africa!"
"Happy 4th of July!"
"Dogfighting at it's finest."
"Hey girl  I'm bit of an artist. Would you like me to sketch you?"
"My halloween costume this year!"
"Inception."
"&quot;Luke  I  am your sire.&quot;"
"Star Wars + Sarah Jessica Parker"
"To all those people who hate Usain Bolt"
"How to get hit by a car like a boss."
"You know you're a badass if you do this"
"How to get a ride"
"That's one way to get into a car"
"Sorrento  Italy"
"Hey here's another not funny fake Facebook post for you"
"As an Australian seeing all these American &quot;heat wave&quot; posts."
"And a lovely message from the troops to all the anti-war protesters."
"I wish these guys would do the commentary for the olympics [fixed] [fixed] [fixed] [fixed] x 100"
"Presidential debate drinking game! LET'S GET SHITFACED!!"
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game"
"See  kids  politics can be fun!"
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game"
"Presidential debate drinking game... If this doesnt get you interested in politics I dont know what will."
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game... If this doesnt get you interested in politics I dont know what will."
"Only in America"
"Finally! a reason to watch the debate tonight"
"Am I the only one who will be playing this tonight?"
"2012 Presidential Debates Drinking Game"
"Presidential debate tonight! Don't let your buddies forget the rules!"
"Go home presidential debate... you're drunk."
"Are you ready for the presidential debate tonight?"
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game For Tonight"
"Tonights official debate drinking game!"
"I know what I'll be doing during the debate..."
"Here is a drinking game for tonight's debate. Have fun."
"Tonight we drink to the 2012 Presidential Debates -- Drinking Game!!"
"2012 Presidential debate drinking game"
"Cheers."
"Ready? Go!"
"Great Debate Drinking Game For Tonight"
"Presidential Debate we can all enjoy."
"Reddit PSA: Don't do this. It's suicide. I was at 3 drinks at the 15 minute mark."
"Obama-Romney debate drinking game"
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game!"
"Forget cocaine spider. Look at this shit."
"Bricks will be shat"
"I must go..."
"I must go..."
"I must go!"
"Impressive!"
"How I feel when I get go to r/funny to find all unread links"
"&quot;You are not the father!&quot; - Cat Edition."
"So.. I made it to the front page for the first time last night"
"Tall Justin is tall."
"My respect for the ancient Easter Island people has massively increased"
"Much more than just heads."
"When my post starts out bad  but is upvoted later."
"When you finally get that non-smoker friend high  and he loves it"
"DEAR GOD  WHY LINCOLN?"
"Someone please put this on a tee shirt..."
"West side!"
"How I Feel Being The Only White Guy At My Local Basketball Court"
"Whenever I meet another redditor in the wild.."
"I'm pretty gangster myself..."
"Woke up to a changed wallpaper. Thanks  brother."
"Now I'm pissed !"
"My local theme-park is racist."
"Brilliant packaging."
"Luke; I am *not* your father."
"I will not be your father"
"You Tried"
"'Murica"
"Un happy hipster"
"achivement get: kill enough pigs or cows to have your entire inventory full of meat and leather."
"I posted this on Facebook a while ago  completely forgot I had ever seen it  then stumbled on it today. I can barely look at the screen right now  I'm laughing so hard."
"Smooth skills"
"Not in my classroom"
"Nigga Please!"
"Nice House (pic)"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"How I feel after being single for 8 months"
"A comet in the middle"
"Exposure of a fireworks show with lightning in the distance and the comet McNaught in between [1337x460]"
"Are you John Connor?"
"Just seen this in a public toilet..."
"Star Wars Legit"
"They see me juggling..."
"Lucky she's alive!!!!!!!"
"My heart stopped."
"Elephants were much classier in the 1930's"
"Two elephants from the 1930's in love"
"This looks like the perfect place for a nap."
"Kitten blanket"
"Nappy time"
"Why Kevin Spacey maintains privacy"
"Yipee!"
"My battle.net was hacked"
"My friend is new to Reddit.."
"Really getting old."
"(F)ound what Reddit likes SFW"
"Not what I expected..."
"I have so many questions... [NSFW]"
"I found this on my 10 years old sister."
"I don't really know how relaxed I'd be in a hot tub that was suspended from a 600 foot high bridge."
"Meanwhile in Switzerland"
"How I feel when my friends tell me about their recent surgeries."
"Had never actually seen a horse smile before..."
"I give you... the Finesse of Bollywood"
"Together again at long last."
"Reddit's reaction when a new CISPA-esque bill is introduced"
"Shadows. First try."
"Volcanic eruption + lightening= wtf"
"I sense fakey shenanigans  but it still made me laugh"
"A shaved black bear. That is all."
"When bears go... bald"
"Have you ever wondered what a bear looks like with no hair?"
"Most animals get funnier when you shave them. Bears just get terrifying"
"A bear without it's fur...oh hell no."
"Most animals look funnier when you shave them. Not bears. Bears look even more terrifying."
"Emma Watson gif"
"I need a taco"
"Step ladders.."
"Ouch! - Sa Jae-Hyouk  South Korean Weightlifter (poor guy)"
"Olympic weightlifting injury."
"Olympic weightlifting injury."
"Olympic weightlifting injury."
"Trying to bring up all the groceries in one go."
"Trying to bring in all of the groceries"
"Every time I return from the supermarket..."
"Meet Carl"
"It's mordorlogic"
"Ach  mein arsch"
"(repost)Catch the Ice dude but I gifed it"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum (from Imgur)"
"How it feels whenever i feel like i have a post that is front page worthy"
"Whenever I try to look cool"
"Incredible THE DARK KNIGHT RISES Street Art From Madrid  Spain"
"Dark Knight Rises street art"
"Should Probably Get the checked Out"
"I made this my homepage."
"when introducing a friend to reddit"
"Snail"
"This was taken in my city  this is a problem. (Story in comments)"
"Tax Dollars Hard at Work- Have a Look"
"I see your Canadian cops playing hockey and raise you a sleeping one"
"Oh  the girlfriend of the man you're in love with had a major fight with him  walked out and left him feeling like crap?"
"That's a big gun"
"See the resemblance?"
"Sideburns"
"Riding Without Giving a Fuck"
"Whenever I see we're out of beer and all the stores are closed"
"When somebody says I have a bug on me [gif]"
"cannot unsee"
"The fuck?!"
"Look I'm not monkeying around here"
"Happy Halloween."
"Halloween spirit in the UK"
"I love the British Halloween."
"(NSFW) Is it bad that  while unsettling me alil  this made me laugh way more than anything has in awhile?"
"Trippin' Balls"
"Girls are delicious."
"The Beach Babies"
"I'M FULL OF OWLS!!!"
"The first time one of my submissions caught fire and got hundreds of upvotes."
"How I feel when I saw my checking was only $1.77. . ."
"How I feel after apologizing after bullying a person in high school."
"So I missed M. Shadows AMA by like an hour..."
"Central Park"
"Just another amazing view of Central Park  NYC"
"Jack and Jill"
"No fairytale ending with cocaine"
"We've all been there."
"Water"
"The deadly facts of water!"
"Facts about water"
"He missed the view..."
"oh..oh! my bad  my bad."
"NO SKATEBOARDING ON MY BLOCK!!!"
"WTF are you doing cat? [Gif]"
"&quot;Can I have pets  please?&quot;"
"Dafuq...a little help here?"
"Hey  hey  hey  hey...can I has pets?"
"Cat wants to be petted"
"Faster I tell you  faster!"
"Come on buddy  we'll win this race together!"
"I recently learned that PSY (Gangnam Style) went to my college. Here's his photo ID."
"Psy's Berklee College of Music ID"
"Best GoT quote ever"
"Why I had to remove NSFW from my frontpage"
"How I deal with my girlfriend leaving town..."
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is what most of us will look like tomorrow [FIXED][Probably NSFW]"
"It's Finally March..."
"What it feels like after make-out buddy leaves"
"Just saw The Avengers in 3D. This was me every 30 seconds."
"So Dawnguard came out today..."
"This shows up when you google &quot;reddit karma&quot;"
"What I imagine everyone in r/science is like lately [FIXED]"
"After taking a break for a few days"
"What I think of every time a new iPhone is released [Fixed]"
"apple fanboys today"
"How I single handily raised money to help breast cancer research"
"I saw this on my Facebook feed and I couldn't stop laughing."
"Being back home after a month to see your mum has the 50 shades trilogy."
"I see you"
"After reading Tod Akin statements from /r/politics"
"What Obama is thinking every time Romney opens his mouth..."
"Every time a girl posts on reddit"
"um wat [xpost from /r/woahdude]"
"Nice grammar  at least it isn't permanent..."
"StarTrek Proposal [Update]  Patrick Stewart very happy for couple"
"Man proposing to wil"
"StarTrek Proposal  Patrick Stewart very happy for couple [fixed]"
"*I was asked to make this it's own post. StarTrek Proposal [Update]  Patrick Stewart very happy for couple. Fixed!"
"To conclude this series  a final word from Brent.."
"Star Trek Proposal [FIXED] What everyone REALLY noticed..."
"A teddy bear straight out of Silent Hill? Guess what it's made of..."
"Just..... Why.... The placenta teddy bear."
"A console peasant's battle station"
"The Fuck?"
"Huge tree"
"Life span of a tree."
":D"
"Dog smile"
"someone's excited for their roadtrip.."
"Five finger death slap on Roomba"
"Most hilarious thing I've seen all week!"
"Cat on the Roomba"
"Finding out what NSFL means."
"Browsing new on r/gonewild (SFW)"
"How I felt after clicking /r/spacedicks link"
"Being OBSESSED with space  mfw I realized I missed the meteor shower!"
"Churchill sits on one of the damaged chairs from Hitler's bunker in Berlin  1945. [760x800]"
"Churchill sits on one of the damaged chairs from Hitler's bunker in Berlin  1945."
"Louis CK being hilarious as always"
"Instant karma"
"Shoulder's closed"
"Peek-a-boo! Uh  wait... WTF?!"
"Peek-a-boo  I see poo!"
"PEEK-A-BOO"
"That'll show her.."
"Ain't that some shit!"
"a sneak peak of the new MySpace layout"
"Every time I play this I nostalgia so hard"
"With all of these greenlight suggestions coming through  I think it's best to mention this game that has never had a digital release."
"Come at me bro Pikachu"
"Always makes me smile."
"Not now sweetie  I'm on Reddit."
"What do you mean I'm allergic to leaves!"
"so this is a thing. has anyone come across them?"
"How to keep an idiot busy"
"The amazing Neil Peart!"
"D.A.N.C.E"
"How I feel as a /b/rother making my first post on Reddit"
"Dude  Let Me In  I'm A Fairy!"
"I don't know why this is so funny"
"Stereotyping Mode: On"
"Why Majora is Nintendo's greatest villain"
"The End of Spoilers"
"How the hell did he launch himself across the mat?"
"This lined up pretty nicely"
"After reading the Victoria Rae Black AMA..."
"Eminem pieces of advice."
"the Hindenburg in flames"
"Hindenburg Disaster GIF"
"And Stay Out!"
"Poignant picture of a polar bear encountering an Icebreaker ship..."
"he does this every test so we dont cheat"
"Two lesbians by a door"
"Say Whaaaaaat?"
"The world according to the Dutch"
"She is very protective of her ducklings."
"Children traumatized when &quot;Never Say Never&quot; is shown instead of &quot;literally anything else&quot; in UK cinema."
"This will be me at the end of this semester."
"It's Always the Fat One..."
"It's Always the Fat One"
"My experience with relationships."
"Oh Sweet I was the first one to post Meet the Pyro!"
"I could watch this for days."
"How Reddit makes me feel when I think I have the most epic of posts."
"Ugly girl asked ME out  and I think this gif perfectly depicts her attempts"
"This is me  trying to get to the front page."
"How my first cakeday panned out..."
"Fat People [.gif gallery]"
"I can do this no problem"
"My life represented in a gif: Part 2"
"So close!"
"Whenever I try to upload things to reddit. It always seems like a good idea..."
"Trying to make it to the front page"
"Realizing my cakeday is 12/13/12..."
"I'm sorry  but in an emergency we're all just gonna have to die."
"Pokemon Celebrities"
"How I feel as a member of the 4-year club"
"how seeing all of these college posts makes me feel..."
"Woke up one morning after a long night of drinking with this set as the bg of my phone. Hopefully not a repost!"
"The second worst imaginable thing to happen when pole-vaulting."
"How it feels to get a few upvotes and then a barrage of downvotes."
"Got a message from someone bitching about one of my comments..."
"Barack &quot;The Kenyan Assassin&quot; Obama vs. Mitt &quot;The Stormin Mormon&quot; Romney"
"MAD Magazine knows what's up"
"Bad snowman"
"Saw a new Furby was coming out  was curious so I Googled it. First thing that came out...guys  I'm scared..."
"Welcome to McDonald's"
"Winter + Balloon + Water + Food Coloring ="
"I wish i could do this"
"How to get rid of annoying people following you in car."
"slowed him down hahaha"
"Pull ove - OH SHIIT!!"
"Yeah back the fuck up."
"In tribute to 9/11"
"Skynet"
"Me neither Siri  me neither."
"Case in Point"
"I completely agree  Siri."
"I think Siri has the right idea."
"So I asked Siri what the speed of an unladen swallow was and this is what I got..."
"Finally  Siri delivers!"
"Siri you hypocritical bitch!"
"So my Asian friend asked Siri if she was Asian  well played Siri"
"Siri knows whats up..."
"At least Siri likes me."
"Real enthusiastic!"
"I'm sure that's the only reason why not"
"Thursday is the one year anniversary of &quot;the&quot; east coast earthquake"
"Remembering all who we lost on this day one year ago."
"We will never forget"
"I remember."
"Never Forget"
"Can't believe its been a whole year. 08/23/11 Never Forget"
"Never Forget - Can't believe it has been a year"
"It's been a year. 8/23/2011 Never Forget"
"It's been one year since the devastating earthquake that shook the East coast."
"Hey DC  MD  and VA. Do you remember where you were when the quake happened a year ago today?"
"1 year ago today  the East Coast of the United States was hit by a massive earthquake"
"cutest vampire i've ever seen"
"nice chompers"
"I will eat your heart out!"
"Eskimos jumping on whale leather."
"I must go now... my people need me [xpost /r/pics]"
"Eskimos jumping on whale leather."
"Doesn't make it ship faster."
"Dinner Time NSFW"
"Dinner time."
"I am glad my dad never announced dinner like this"
"I cant stop watching this"
"Its dinnertime!!!"
"By far my favorite GIF ever"
"Dinner Time!"
"Sometimes  the depths of the internet will lead you to gems like these"
"I made you something  Reddit."
"Dinner Time!"
"Steam Sale and my wallet."
"Suddenly I'm not hungry for dinner anymore."
"so i found this in r/creepy_gif"
"Found this on a co-worker's computer. Should I be scared?"
"Dinner Time."
"Kids  it's....."
"Supper Time [NSFW]"
"What time is it?"
"WTF"
"Children"
"Dinner Time"
"Was trying to decide on a font for my paper when I came across this..."
"Cannot unsee"
"Different fonts of Ariel"
"'Portrait of the Prophet Mohammed'  by Cecilia Gimenez  2012"
"Frankie Burn"
"The original fanboys."
"Windows 95 Launch Day Celebrations"
"A scene from an age long past."
"Made a photoshop of a friend  his face was more fitting than the original."
"Nature is awesome - fish eagle snatching a young crocodile"
"Whenever life gets you down  Mrs. Brown..."
"BELLSPROUT"
"Pelvic Thrust"
"to pretty much every post on reddit."
"When a post doesn't make it past r/new"
"sexy nazi"
"How I feel when my cakeday is coming up."
"How I(white) feel when a black guy(black) refers to me as n1gger"
"When I am told to &quot;Jump on that mounted gun!&quot;"
"When I saw r/atheism had 1 000 000 subscribers"
"Seeing Iceland on the frontpage being Icelandic."
"Me waiting for Borderlands 2"
"How I felt after coming home from work and seeing the Obama AMA."
"A girl just called me handsome today..."
"He's sexy and he knows it."
"Hans Landa is rocking it"
"It's almost sickenly cute..."
"Christopher Waltz scares me"
"Genghis Khan"
"Genghis Khan=virility!!"
"Why don't I own this?"
"That post was so gay..."
"Found this on facebook.."
"So gay it gave me aids"
"So gay  it gave me aids."
"Hey Todd Akin..."
"me as classmates told our teacher about reddit. (our school likes to block websites)"
"So...my aunt got a cat."
"Wish my car could do this..."
"I'm cold.. so cold.."
"What I expect the next week to be like."
"All Smiles [gif]"
"This guy hasn't had bath since the summer of '69"
"Baby bunny cleaning its ear."
"It's not about how many goats you trip over  it's about how many times you get back up."
"alien vs predator"
"Best Picture of Beckenbauer 2.0 aka Hummels from the Holland game"
"Haters gonna hate."
"So  Germany won 2:1 against the Netherlands yesterday."
"Like a boss"
"After Germany beat the Netherlands yesterday - Haters gonna hate"
"What losing an argument feels like"
"Wu-Tang Flan Ain't Nothing to Fuck With!"
"Please Nintendo."
"Jagex Staff meeting"
"Data Cap"
"How to make dubstep 101."
"When I accidentally click on an obvious virus"
"Me playing with the Google logo today"
"Me when I try to learn the controls to a new game."
"What I do every time I go browsing the mane sub [gif]"
"Hmm  something is afoot."
"Stop..."
"Oh wow a nice pair of tit-OH MY GOD"
"Dreaming Big"
"NIce motivation"
"My butt hurts just thinking about the wedgie one could get from this thing ..."
"And thus began the greatest marriage ever."
"Helen Keller"
"Hallowsheen"
"My guess for the most popular Halloween costume of 2011!"
"No  you can't be Charlie Sheen for Halloween!"
"Don't you do that turkey....."
"Every damn time"
"can't touch this"
"How I feel when I get even just a couple upvotes on a new post"
"So today's my birthday and this's how I felt."
"My victory dance"
"For my cake day I give you one of the best GIFs I've layed eyes on. Thank you for the good times Reddit."
"Yeah  I'm still a little bitter..."
"2014 if Romney is elected."
"If only this happened...[repost]"
"."
"whenever girls try to take pictures around me"
"Just sitting back  relaxing."
"When I have to look at the penis ads next to porn videos"
"so do i stop? or go?"
"NYC Street Gold"
"Dont cross the motherfucking street!"
"These flowers are SO METAL!"
"This is definitely the best pumpkin I've seen this halloween."
"Krangolantern"
"What Romney needs to do to win the election"
"What Romney needs to do to win (Cracked)"
"PBBBBBBBBT! PIKACHU!"
"Pikachu  what are you doing?!"
"A day."
"as the world turns"
"A day on Earth. (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"does this require an explanation?"
"OH MY GAWD *(^o^)*"
"Give-A-Fuck-O-Meter (gif)"
"What's that? Snookie's having a baby?"
"The real Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg"
"Puppies and rappers"
"Just a dude fucking a dolphin..."
"Saddest scene ever"
"I could watch this for hours."
"Psychedelic Reindeer"
"Sometimes something is just too incredible for words."
"What it feels like to get more upvotes for a reply than the original comment."
"This gif says it all"
"Psychedelic reindeer"
"How I feel when I hop on my bike"
"Oh just Santa..."
"How I felt the first time I successfully controlled a lucid dream."
"Saw this in r/gif. I think this belongs here."
"The best gif mankind has ever created."
"simply beautiful"
"When your best mate arrives to an average party"
"Merry Xtreme-mas!"
"I Have Found Perfection"
"(reindeer) MY ALL-TIME FAVORITE GIF!!!"
"I just found out im so high i can tickle myself [8]"
"I started lurking on Reddit a year ago. This is how I feel now that I have signed up:"
"There are no words to describe this."
"As I get older I wish Santa was more and more like this"
"Santa's Reindeer + Hallucinating drugs = this crazy GIF"
"reindeer!"
"If Santa were a Power Ranger..."
"I give you my collection of psychedelic pictures"
"WANTED: Dead &amp; Alive"
"Caught! Doing what I am unsure."
"It's a helluva drug"
"Luxury at its finest"
"The Portobello Estate - Corona del Mar  California [1650x1100]"
"Told my grandma reddit loves cat pictures  I have created a monster"
"NICE SHOT!"
"Fell asleep playing Skyrim last night...woke up to this son of a bitch staring at me through the darkness."
"I hope everyone enjoyed the fireworks tonight as much as this kid."
"Me after refreshing reddit and seeing all blue links"
"TOPH: Legacy"
"Please just go!"
"brave kitty"
"When I realize I am wrong in the middle of an argument"
"Bert and Ernie (Sesame Street)"
"What is this  I don't even (NSFW)"
"Can someone tell me what the fuck is going on here..."
"I'm just... I can't... I DON'T KNOW"
"Incredible photo of the Japanese army during the floods last year"
"Irish Isolation"
"Brilliant"
"ohh yeaaa !! take that !"
"This is how Belgium protests"
"Milk power"
"Protesters in Ireland"
"kinda puts things in perspective  Doesn't it?"
"Should anything be off limits for comedy?"
"Uranus."
"Dog Wrestling"
"British Gas: Logo Placement at its Finest"
"Straight Up Playas"
"WoW...it just makes me think of a badass Kung Fu Panda spin off...but I kinda wish Po looked like that"
"As someone who does not play WoW...is this supposed to be Kung Fu Panda?"
"Woman from 1907"
"Who knew black men loved scooters?"
"My Favorite GIF for my Cakeday"
"Starry Night"
"He was somewhere on Europe when the drugs began to take hold..."
"Van Gogh on Drugs? [Gif] (x-post /r/WTF)"
"Starry Night"
"Starry Night"
"And not a single fuck was given."
"bad mother"
"parenting level: just give up"
"Michelle just wants to have fun!"
"Looking for a distration?"
"Just a baby anteater"
"My Body's Natural Position"
"This hurt to make..."
"made this mistake recently like a n00b"
"Who I imagine repostsers are [FIXED]"
"Trick or Treating with Carl (Chandler Riggs)"
"Look who I ran into trick or treating as a zombie.."
"Look who I ran into dressed as a zombie.."
"The day I discovered rolling in Super Smash Bros..."
"HIFW I eat buffalo wings..."
"NOM!"
"Another case of face eating."
"Bath salts"
"Bath salts"
"One hell of a dr... Awe"
"Mods deleted my post in r/aww because it had a caption in it. Hope it's okay here."
"Got your nose"
"I forgot my phone at home today... This sums it up perfectly"
"So that's where that came from.."
"Well that explains a lot &quot;FIXED&quot;"
"How Gizmo was formed"
"Methane Rocket Test Fire"
"She's a..."
"funny as hell"
"Someone Hating on Bacon"
":-)"
"Just an elephant jumping on a trampoline."
"You better get out of his way..."
"My local hardware store knows what's up"
"Please explain"
"Hi-Five!"
"Soul shark"
"TIL the Irish developed a method to forecast the weather by hanging a stone on a string"
"Double cute."
"My favorite pic on the Internet"
"Let loose the dogs of war!"
"Let loose the dogs of war! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Yippee Ki Yay Mother Fucker"
"The goats had no idea that their days were numbered"
"When I couldn't comment on the Obama AMA because the page was read only"
"Genki Sudo Headbob"
"The unbroken seal on King Tut's Tomb"
"Stop signs are gangsters too..."
"What I want to say to the producers of Paranormal Activity"
"Every single time I hear someone refer to Hurricane Sandy as &quot;Superstorm&quot; Sandy..."
"When somebody at work tells a racist but funny joke."
"After seeing someone fall in public"
"Fully abandoned town in Italy"
"Creepy Abandoned town in Italy [1 200px × 780px]"
"Craco  Italy"
"When someone says I have to get up early."
"Today  my girlfriend told me she likes Sarah Palin"
"Every time someone refers to their birthday as a cakeday"
"When my daughter asks to go in a rollercoaster with her. (I've got acrophobia)"
"Me  when that Sarah McLachlan animal rescue PSA comes on"
"my girlfriend's reaction when I suggested anal."
"When asked if I'm Christian"
"Listening to music on anything but my $300 headphones."
"No means No"
"Her flesh is just oozing off of her"
"Thanks Facebook  for this beauty."
"Tonight's presidential debate moderator  Jim Lehrer  as played by..."
"Does the moderator of the presidential debate not remind you of this guy?"
"Arrested Development. I miss you."
"fuuuuuuck this...IM OUT!!"
"Always wanted to try this"
"These graphics are amazing!"
"Animated Graffiti"
"How I feel when someone complains about how long i have been on reddit."
"I love Train games  but i have a Mac  so this is my reaction to r/gaming lately..."
"Every time someone tries to one-up me..."
"So sorry. So terribly  terribly sorry."
"So that's what really happened...."
"I'll just leave this here"
"How &quot;Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind&quot; should have ended ..."
"This is me when President Obama says he understands the struggles of the 99%."
"Every Time I Get A Cleverly Degrading Comment On A Post"
"Upon seeing happy couple photos."
"When someone mentions how happy they are with their significant other."
"When my husband says  &quot;I gotta show you something funny on the internet. I found it on TheChive.&quot;"
"I have a funny/very unfortunate first and last name combination. This is how I feel when I meet someone for the first time  and they tease me about it."
"Everytime my boss wants me to &quot;optimize&quot; some of his old code..."
"Whenever I now see a post mocking Train Simulator 2012."
"When i cant think of a good comeback."
"World Class Gymnastics"
"I feel like everyone forgot about this guy."
"I feel like everyone forgot about this guy."
"Rhino"
"Rhino vs Warthog"
"Rhino vs Warthog"
"I can watch this for hours"
"Hitler cat demands poland"
"Hitler cat"
"Mein Katf!"
"I don't know what to say about it."
"Oh my God  I'm flying..."
"The original angry bird"
"He thinks he's people"
"Too cute"
"Tired after a walk"
"Smartest duckface ever"
"Only one of these is acceptable.."
"Well  this is hawkward"
"I don't care. Duckface GTFO!"
"scumbag christian"
"Ran into one of these guys today."
"As a covert Atheist  it always bugs me when people quote this verse."
"Preacher said this to my Sunday school class when I was about 12."
"tiny wild beast"
"Happy Birthday to me...."
"Happy Birthday to me..."
"Fuck you  I win."
"TAAA DAAAAAAAA"
"Praise him!"
"impossible gravity jump"
"i guess this is a thing now..."
"Well...okay."
"So did you say I copy you? - Imgur"
"This is how I've spent/plan to spend the rest of my cake day"
"Should I put the punchline in the title?"
"The 3rd Reich secret weapon [GIF]"
"Nazi robot chainsaw flamethrower"
"WHITE POWER ranger."
"Whenever someone gives me a dirty look in class for being right"
"How I feel when some girl tries telling me 9gag is better than reddit"
"Wow... just wow [PIC]"
"Space Shuttle cockpit"
"Yes please!!"
"Every girl needs one of these"
"Absolutely brilliant."
"Why hasn't this caught on?"
"Meowvel vs catcom"
"Promising friendship"
"Cheese Shredder"
"PIZZA PIZZA PIE"
"pizza pizza pie"
"Rocker's 2nd Job"
"Cosmetic surgery at its worst"
"Dog-Man"
"One letter can make a difference."
"Where was this when I was a kid!?"
"looks like fun"
"Why not take a break?"
"Why not take a break?"
"Concealed weapons..."
"Weapons in Disguise."
"Concealable weapons"
"Still my favorite Craigslist troll"
"Well fuck you too"
"I get sleeping bags  but this..."
"She's just a baby"
"French Bulldogs seem to be getting all the love  but Brits can be cute too!"
"WTF Fifa?!"
"Insert soccer joke here"
"Must Have Suitcase."
"This is just dumb. I don't know what else to say about it."
"I've never been so jealous in my life."
"HATERS GONNA HATE-- LIKE A BOSS--FUCK THE POLICE"
"Haters gonna hate"
"How I Roll"
"I'm a snake!"
"drowning in grass"
"Drowning in grass."
"brd"
"still the best gif ever"
"Someone else must feel this way when trying to watch anything by Tyler Perry [Fixed]"
"You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."
"Why I am glad it is not the 1930's Halloween."
"Why I am glad it is not the 1930's Halloween. (X-Post from r/WTF)"
"Inter-species love (fox and dachshund)"
"Poopy Time"
"So I typed poopy party into Google image search..."
"Poopy time"
"I.. Uh. Okay. If this makes poopy time more fun  than... yay.. I guess?"
"Watch out  we got a badass over here."
"what i felt like the first time i went on ThisIsWhyImBroke.com"
"How Goodell should be acting in referee negotiations."
"Andy's mom's toys"
"This makes me rethink my childhood"
"Stop hitting yourself"
"Lu Cat"
"Conquering the inner enemy"
"Clever advertising"
"I am allowed to be afraid of this  right?"
"Religious logic explained at its finest."
"I vant to nibble your blood."
"Bat...Cat...Man... - I don't even"
"Ready For Halloween?"
"batcat"
"Terrifying Holloween Cat!"
"Un-photoshopped original picture of my cat's costume  I swear!"
"Actions speak louder than words."
"Ma nigga"
"Obama greets White House janitor [Old But Not Forgotten]"
"SKELETOR"
"Skeletor!"
"Cash 4 Gold"
"The Heaviest Metal Known to Man"
"The Heaviest Metal Known to Man"
"Spiders travel by wind you say?"
"My reaction when random button took me to r/spacedicks"
"My reaction as soon as I found out that my newest post has a spelling mistake on it..."
"Browsing NSFW links in /r/wtf when all of a sudden you stumble upon gore instead of porn."
"My reaction when I found a mouse in my sink at work."
"When you are at work and you open a NSFW link thinking it can't be that bad"
"To all you haters out there..."
"Apple Maps"
"Apple Maps"
"F/A-18"
"What normally happens when I tell a Christian I'm atheist..."
"Owls are weird."
"Warriors...come out and playeeay"
"Every now and again..."
"Come at Me Squirrel"
"Cookie"
"The truth about super heroes"
"Oh Hi.... i m Bean"
"always blaming the cat"
"That's how it happened"
"he's been working on his roar"
"My friend posted this to Facebook ..I thought deserved better"
"If you had never seen Jurassic Park  this picture would look like the world's most epic relay race."
"I love you  you love me..."
"Best Halloween costume ever: The Republican Method of Birth Control"
"what happens when you let guys bake (FIXED)"
"Please god  no!"
"Don't Die"
"Please don't die  Kevin"
"Put your kitty on stand-by mode."
"Cat Software Bug"
"This is what I'm doing on my vacation."
"Epic Duel"
"Jesus was here."
"Checkmate atheists"
"Taxidermy"
"Taxidermy done right"
"This showed up in my feed. [fb]"
"I give you...Jeff Goldblum"
"I'll just put this here...(xpost from 4chan)"
"Just gonna leave this here."
"There it goes..."
"finals are over"
"There it goes..."
"I SWEAR TO GOD IF THIS IS REPOSTED ONE MORE TIME...."
"Beautiful and Uplifting"
"Any room for a flying corgi?"
"How I feel being asked &quot;relationship questions&quot; by my GF"
"I wonder how much he played that year?"
"I wonder how much he played that year."
"The way Hitler was meant to be portrayed."
"The beginning of something wonderful"
"Half-beast  half-machine"
"googled...&quot;best picture ever&quot;"
"Sigh. Kids nowadays.."
"Had a bad day? This'll tickle you"
"So you like tickling do you?"
"Chinese Currency"
"I present to you Mr. Beaber"
"Some days just start better than others."
"Three words? Kit Kat Lasagna? More like one word.."
"Kit-Kat Lasagna [FIXED]"
"Three words."
"One word..."
"My team whenever I play online games..."
"Yeah  thats not what they are called."
"The difference between men and women [fb]"
"My friends dog takes HOLY shits."
"Bert"
"Bert"
"When watching last night's Sons of Anarchy episode...."
"Cosmic knees-up"
"Scarlett Johansson's new tattoo"
"Scarlett Johansson gets a fresh tattoo - [Close Up/3 pics]"
"Lucky You! Scarlett Johansson just got a new tattoo"
"Always puts a smile on my face"
"I usually don't advocate domestic violence. But in this case..."
"I'll never see it any other way"
"Unlikely Love"
"Terry Crews ladies and gentlemen"
"This is a cat."
"Cat's are the only ones you can trust to be honest."
"Drunk Spiderman."
"And so it was..."
"So I pulled up behind this guy today..."
"I make this face too."
"Just a little perspective"
"This picture will always cheer me up  no matter what."
"Me reaction to meatspin.con"
"He's Popeye the sailor man."
"So this exists..."
"The ultimate entrance"
"So I gave my 5 year old cousin a Monster energy drink..."
"So I Googled &quot;so I googled&quot;  I'm at a loss for words"
"POW! RIGHT IN THE KISSA"
"Found this when searching for Snooki..."
"I don't always watch the jersey shore  but when I do  I watch this clip."
"GO GO GO GO GO"
"When someone tells me Lil Wayne is the most skilled rapper of all time"
"Snooki gets pieced"
"Never noticed he got them both in the face!"
"Like if you love Jesus"
"I heard this subreddit wasn't WTF enough"
"Space shuttle surfacing at the clouds - Richard Silvera"
"I work in a very stressful environment. This is what I have on my monitor when I need a break."
"I work in a very stressful environment. This is what calms me down."
"It's my cakeday IRL  so here's a rainbow cat gif"
"It's my cake day! Here's my favorite gif"
"It's Rainbow Rooooaaaad! I'll miss you again!"
"With a special filter on your camera  you can see how cats actually emit karma! A remarkable invisible force!"
"Why Not Zoidberg?"
"So I was wondering what was banging on my door..."
"Getting a call from my guy after waiting long"
"Going on reddit and noticing my karma doubled over night"
"Terror in his eyes (GIF)"
"Irony"
"Before there was the internet"
"What's delaying my dinner  human?"
"Too far?"
"The face says it all."
"For me?? You're too kind."
"REJECTION"
"Free tacos yesterday"
"Cannibalism? Only if you swallow."
"Good Point"
"That's another way to look at abortion"
"Just a Canadian guy telling the truth..."
"Cat pantaloons"
"Batman!"
"Saw this is r/gifs  thought it belonged here"
"Batman lends a helping hand.."
"Stage 1  Start!"
"Do it yourself"
"Snap into a Slim... hamster?"
"Downvoting a post back to 0"
"OOOOOH YEAAAH!"
"It's been 17 years today  R.I.P you magnificent painter."
"As promised here are some more photoshop pictures. This man....is a.........genius?!?"
"And I thought *I* was a bad parent"
"These child pageants have gone too far."
"Nice Parenting"
"I see your maze that took 7 years to make  and I show you how to truly complete it like a man."
"When imgur wont load intriguingly titled GW pics..."
"&quot;What a nice night to be drivi-NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.&quot;"
"Night driving"
"Jehovah versus The Stroke"
"The Stroke"
"Jehovah versus the Stroke"
"Stroke It"
"Jehovah meets Kanye"
"The Evolution Of Video Game Controllers"
"Evolution of Nintendo game controllers"
"Excuse me"
"When the person before you doesn't flush"
"When the person before you doesn't flush"
"Every time I see a post about Steampunk"
"I've got a real craving for gummy bea... oh  no  no I don't"
"Somewhere  over the rainbow."
"staring into your soul"
"I see all of your sting ray posts and I'm All-In"
"Douchebag level: Max"
"Maybe the seal hat was a poor choice"
"How I feel as an unemployed grad who can't complain about going to job at 7 am  or going to class at 8 am..."
"The Joker trolls Two Face"
"Why I love the Joker."
"If there's one thing I learned early in life..."
"When I accidently commit a crime on Grand Theft Auto"
"This is just... amazing."
"how I feel leaving work early"
"Seeing an ex getting engaged on Facebook"
"The United States as of last night"
"When you know the exact range of an enemy unit"
"so that's what it feels like"
"I used to be a pack-a-day smoker  but today is a huge triumph... Today is my 100th day not smoking!!! And this is how I feel right now."
"Just completed my third day without smoking"
"Cover of the new 'Entertainment Weekly'. Awesome."
"It's actually fucking happening."
"Entertainment Weekly Reunions Issue."
"That's just good life advice."
"69 Cent."
"wait wut"
"Damn it Feels Good to be a Gangsta"
"Gangsta Rap!"
"What it feels like to rap as a white guy"
"How I felt after the election..."
"Cause if you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it"
"Your move  zombies..."
"Would you live here?"
"Badass graffiti."
"Fly free.."
"Saw this a few years ago.. anyone know the artist?"
"Photographer cat is suddenly hungry."
"The tables have turned; say cheese."
"Folding a chair like a boss"
"fuck this  i'm outta here"
"Looks like I got a early birthday present"
"Not like our religion"
"How all 9GAGers look like"
"shoop-de-woop"
"Ain't nothing to it"
"Gangsta rap made them do it"
"About Right..."
"Photographers circling a plume of smoke from the Grimsvotn Volcano  Southeast Iceland"
"Oh Frank  you jokester!"
"Well  this is thoroughly horrifying. Mercury (II) thiocyanate."
"Mercury (II) Thiocyanate (X-post from chemicalreactiongifs)"
"ICE SOAP BABY TO GO"
"Being the sober person and everyone else is drunk..[Fixed]"
"Terrorists"
"Pepe le Pew is real!!"
"Playing this as a kid  I never imagined the impact this single game would have on gaming."
"Now this is a great pair of Tits"
"I'm sure we all do this to some extent"
"Harry Potter"
"They said I could be anything..."
"I love it when you call me Sir Poppa"
"As a dog owner  this is how I must treat my yard."
"I was paranoid about this for a brief couple of days"
"what if?"
"Conspiracy Keanu on fetch"
"Quitting Reddit"
"What if..."
"After watching the walking dead for too long"
"After watching the Walking Dead for too long"
"Then it's working wonderfully."
"''Youtube does it again''"
"Who freakin knew"
"Reddit  I heard you like the Duck Face..."
"Merica!"
"Attempted Murder."
"Attempted Murder!"
"Hohohoho"
"When your item gets stuck in the vending machine"
"I give you the original Slender Man."
"This is what I need for my car..."
"Can't say I didn't see that coming.."
"Bambi"
"what is cake day?"
"So this is what facebook has resorted to..."
"The taste of love"
"Stop it mom!"
"Mom! What are you doing? No  mom! Stahp!"
"Don't Disrespect The Box Man"
"Think outside of the box"
"The difference of skill between Emma Watson and Kristen Stewart"
"Heart = MELTED"
"little chipmunk"
"Fool's Gold"
"Framed letter from cash4gold"
"Gold painted rocks"
"This is gold Jerry!"
"Public Transport cons"
"Trustworthiness of beards"
"How to judge bearded people at face value."
"How to Judge Bearded People at Face Value [Fixed]"
"October 31st: they're coming."
"In Honor of No Shave November Being Half Over"
"Baby Paulie..."
"Still makes me laugh every time"
"So we meet again..."
"It's not you... It's me..."
"It's not you... [x-post r/funny]"
"It's not you..."
"A Seahorse checks out a divers watch in Maui  Hawaii - Note the reflection [864x714]"
"A Seahorse checks out a divers watch in Maui  Hawaii"
"So tell me again why you didn't just buy a laptop?"
"The USS Annapolis at the Arctic Circle"
"Tits; no tits"
"Possible new Phoenix Wright game?!"
"When you're friend's fat arm makes you look naked..."
"It's that awkward moment when your friend's fat arm makes you look naked in the office party photo."
"the awkward moment when your friend's &quot;fat arm&quot; makes you look naked - Imgur"
"How I see people who view r/GoneWild."
"A romantic evening for one."
"The real reason I have a multi monitor set up."
"I can feel the frustration just looking at this."
"Blou Bleu Blowe"
"How I argue with my 11yo sister"
"If you do this  you're an asshole"
"So  what are you going to do about it?"
"My student is creative."
"Don't Hate The Player  Hate The Game"
"Every Rhino meme submitter in AdviceAnimals after those moments."
"Explanation for this?..."
"What my students look like when I step in the hall to deal with something"
"Oh  Banksy!"
"How people manage to do this... i don't know"
"How does this even happen?"
"Someone isn't really gone as long as you remember their hand jobs."
"How I feel at work some days."
"After a long day at work"
"Gaben"
"Reddit Lately"
"Carlton"
":)"
"Happy Day"
"Just a happy cloud"
"The Great Pumpkin finally arrives! Happy Halloween!"
"When we moved into our house  my dad and I decided to rebuild it. We had almost no experience  but we did have access to the internet. Here is San Diego's  Kitchen of the year I built."
"With no experience  we used the internet to learn how to win home-owner designed Kitchen Of The Year in San Diego. (x-post from r/DIY)"
"With no experience  we used the internet to learn how to win home-owner designed Kitchen Of The Year in San Diego."
"Gingerbread Crackhouse"
"Gingerbread crack house."
"Be careful how you use Facebook"
"After hitting refresh for 30 minutes...somebody upvotes my post"
"What happens when I realize my cake day ends in five minutes"
"That's unfortunate..."
"Black stereotypes. [x-post from /r/imgoingtohellforthis]"
"My Physics teacher as the Black Knight from the Holy Grail with a few students"
"My Physics Teacher at a Halloween party (with some friends and I)"
"I see your Knight who says Ni and raise you a Black knight"
"deal with it"
"I prefer to be protected when being screwed"
"Everyone wants to shoot dinosaurs. Did everyone forget these games?"
"The ONLY reason I want a PS3."
"Who needs a utility knife when you have these!"
"Electron Microscope scan of a microbe known as a &quot;Water Bear&quot;. They can live up to a decade without oxygen."
"This game would go perfectly on the Wii-U!!"
"Reddit  you will be the end of me."
"Why I hate Facebook"
"Didn't expect that to happen."
"I'm getting sick of auto-correct fails [FIXED]"
"All I ever do when commenting on Reddit anymore.."
"You guys are funny. Keep up the good work."
"the unexpected"
"Definitively..."
"story of my reddit life"
"Today  a fuck was given. (this looks nothing like me)"
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"You can't be serious."
"He wasn't impressed..."
"You came to the wrong neighbourhood"
"HIFW I see attractive people posting on r/AmIUgly"
"Me when my girlfriend tries to take food off my plate."
"I accidentally mentioned our sex life to my girlfriend's dad"
"Damn  those beets are fresh..."
"Cranes lifting cranes[720x540]"
"best slide ever"
"Pelicans: Natures Quitters"
"Third Time's a Charm [gif]"
"Fuck it."
"Freeze  bitch!"
"Disney jealousy..."
"Disney envy."
"Carl Sagan responds to those who say they've been abducted by aliens"
"Jerry Seinfeld"
"When a spider on the wall suddenly starts to move..."
"Surfer girl."
"I suddenly have the urge to take up surfing."
"I don't know  Jeremy  sometimes I just feel ugly."
"You are flawless."
"My wife sent this to me last night."
"&quot;You can't choose to like dick but you can choose to be one...&quot;"
"Christian Bale"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Oh Medicine  you've come so far."
"400 Years of Medicine"
"4000 Years of Medicine"
"I care about Apostolate"
"His name is BOSS"
"Just another day at the office."
"lol thats now on my list of things to do XD"
"Titler (NSFW)"
"Did you win  Pops?"
"Many of you have probably seen this photo a thousand times  but to me it's the most heart melting thing I've ever seen. What about you  what's opened your heart?"
"I don't know what to do with this cat I found..."
"For Those I love I will Sacrifice"
"For those I love  I will sacrifice"
"He just can't wait to be king!"
"Hillary bumpin' and grindin'"
"What it's like closing Reddit"
"Me trying to leave reddit to do something productive...."
"What I feel like when I get put back into the same COD lobby I ragequit from."
"He just is"
"Currently consolidating my teammates' work for our marketing term project."
"What $5 gets you in Iowa"
"Learn from the meditation master."
"Because he is a cat"
"Frank the cat"
"You'll never know"
"Most inspirational gif ever"
"Ahhhh yeaaa"
"Just a walrus doing sit ups"
"Walrus Balboa"
"Just a walrus doing sit-ups"
"Weapon of Choice level: Al Pacino"
"Cow  go home. You are drunk."
"I was going to say &quot;...I LOVE cats!&quot;"
"Story of my life"
"Another case of bad parenting"
"Performing for the family at Christmas (NSFW)"
"Bring your kid to work day {NSFW]"
"Rotary Supercollider"
"collide kitty"
"Where is the waiter going?"
"coolest guy ever!"
"When I'm doing well on a test and then I realize there's a back."
"Me when I realized today's my first cake day"
"Manson is happy"
"Danger of extreme nasal hair? WTF are they doing?"
"If you do this  fuck you."
"Scumbag Friends"
"These people annoy me to no end"
"How I feel about the whole 1k rp thing"
"Just happened to me.."
"There's always that one kid..."
"It tastes different..."
"This what's RIGHT with America"
"cant really think of a title for this one"
"Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"So simple and effective"
"Lava Fall  Hawaii"
"Ferncer Ferst"
"Find this picture on Google Image Search  I DARE YOU! I DOUBLE DARE YOU!"
"I make sure to do this every night"
"Too often  I'm told to believe in something greater than myself. I already do. It's called the natural Universe  and I'm more humbled by it than Christians are by God."
"What I think of every time a new iPhone is released."
"Every time there is a new game on steam."
"This seems to be how people get karma around here. So  here's what I think when a new iphone comes out."
"Now hanging in my kitchen"
"After walking through a spider web"
"Return from bathroom..."
"Not the time brain... not the time"
"Always happens to me"
"At least I didn't go home and change"
"Happens every time I want to post something"
"Every time I see something Avengers related that ends in spoilers"
"How I feel towards kids while looking after my nephews for the past 8 hours"
"Wartortle IRL"
"Ready for Battle"
"necrocard"
"Got SWAG?"
"Whenever I'm talking to my mom on the phone."
"Talking to my mom on the phone."
"Talking to my mum on the phone."
"Talking to my mum on the phone."
"Guy who looks like a thumb"
"Scarred me for life"
"i will never be the man he is.[FIXED]"
"Hi  I'm Jesus Christ"
"The first episode."
"When college girls started going to my gym"
"Apocalypse sheep doesn't give a fuck"
"Cute little Cats"
"How I feel trying to follow the Higgs Boson stuff [fixed]"
"Romney is speaking."
"Tonight's Presidential Debates"
"Pretty much."
"Apple vs Samsung in the classroom during a test"
"It's a Baby"
"That there is one good hypnotist"
"Oppan Robot Style"
"The original &quot;faggot.&quot;"
"Seems legit.."
"Better answer than 3."
"The Differences"
"Not sure how I feel about this one"
"This made me smile."
"Chimp holding a baby tiger"
"NO NO NOOOO!"
"My inbred cat realizing that he is inbred"
"Bread head"
"What is this sorcery?"
"In Bread And Proud"
"when i see my crush and i look terrible."
"I do this every night..."
"I don't read the bible but this is a work of genius"
"Christian instruction goes urban"
"Sounds like she's marrying into a good family."
"He makes Sunday School fun."
"Hometree"
"Racism of all flavors"
"With Halloween coming  cats voice their opinion."
"DaFaq"
"This picture should just about win every argument. period."
"Morrissey with a cat on his head"
"Morrissey is one of us."
"Guuurl  you for real??"
"MFW r/WTF gets real."
"scandalized eagle is scandalized."
"Douchebag Chimpanzee"
"What big brothers are for"
"How I feel having to talk to an Ex"
"Divers Faces. (In spirit of the 2012 Olympics)."
"Olympic divers mid-dive."
"Oh yeah  this gif just makes me happy"
"I guess Sheldon used to be bald."
"Bet it tastes like sweet  salty victory."
"So Close...."
"For those of you who want it  the original iphone background!"
"Joseph was not convinced."
"Whenever I see a post from /r/depression that got upvotes"
"Super-minimialist poster for whatever the hell you choose."
"This is how YOLO should be used[FIXED]"
"Hey! What you expect?"
"The only way last night's DNC could've been better"
"Office in the middle of the forest"
"Office Porn: This is the office of the Selgas Cano architects in Madrid"
"This is one dedicated employee."
"When I get home and dinner is on the table"
"When I finally watch a show that Reddit always talks about"
"Every minute or so when I watch MST3K or Rifftrax"
"Watching Avengers on Blu-ray and I finally understand this picture I have seen floating around for the last few months."
"You'll never be this white"
"When I run into one of my friend's friends"
"In all realness  what the fuck?"
"Great pyjamas  but I think I'm going to need an explanation on this one..."
"My best friend during the lack-of-Halloween-party-invite era."
"The most British picture ever [Fixed]"
"The most British picture ever. [Fixed]"
"I see your &quot;most British photo ever&quot;  and raise you one."
"boop"
"So... I found this."
"My only fear when flying"
"Mmmm... pancakes"
"Three pointer!!!"
"Phoenix sundown"
"Like a boss"
"Oh Grover  you never got over Elmo stealing the spotlight."
"Too bad cuts had to be made."
"How I feel about the younger redditor's posts recently."
"What did you say  professor?"
"When a program compiles and runs on the first build..."
"billy madison at his best"
"Just nomming on some animal crackers when suddenly..."
"A dolphin somehow gets in the way of a whale as it breaches but the whale has its mouth closed  so it was not feeding. Any explanations?"
"space"
"Tattoo training center."
"5th grade spelling test"
"Some DAMN fine penmanship to the right."
"I Will Never Be As Manly As This Knight."
"What on Earth was Sean Connery thinking when he took this role?"
"Sean Connery  being classy"
"Why did the dinosaurs die?"
"This has to be the most brilliant logic I've ever encountered."
"How the dinosaurs became extinct"
"What I Imagine Creationists Believe"
"How it really happened"
"You're the boss  sign"
"Probably a repost  but this game was awesome nonetheless"
"Never understood the name  but undoubtedly one of the greatest games I've played."
"Public Vandalism"
"We NEED a new Facebook"
"They See me rollin"
"Not my link  But this Imgur is how I feel"
"Got a chuckle from a simple look to my right. [semi-NSFW]"
"Great graffiti"
"Amazing wall mural."
"Umm... what's this? It haunts my dreams"
"Science is progressing overseas  too."
"well then"
"I am Rita."
"Feels good man..."
"After a long day submitting below par memes on reddit"
"Must have been a slow day at the Death Eaters meeting..."
"Every weekends plans"
"iPhone 4S vs iPhone 5"
"iPhone 5 =D"
"BE AN ORGAN DONOR!"
"Great Organ Donor Ad."
"I am now a Donor."
"Well i guess they are probably right!"
"Somebody spelled &quot;sin&quot; in raw meat on my car last night while I was at work. I'm pretty puzzled."
"I was the only one working a closing shift and there was all this meat left over.. so I put it on my car window for karma. (I placed it on paper so I could take it home after the pic)"
"My friend works at Subway and was told to put something &quot;creative&quot; on the sign outside [FIXED]"
"Nuh uh"
"This gif goes well with any music"
"Who keeps giving the animals bath salts?? [fixed]"
"My favourite couple on TV"
"Diamonds are a girl's best friend. Dogs are a man's best friend."
"So... you hate your job"
"Oh  you hate your job?"
"Bird Food"
"MMMMMMM Tasty"
"When your forever alone"
"How I feel having to work today"
"HIFW I get all the way to school to find out class was cancelled"
"How I feel when I get all the way to school to find out class was cancelled"
"How I feel when I post something I think is good  and comeback to see that it got no love"
"How I felt watching Obama lose the debate"
"Recently cracked 2000 comment karma. Contain your excitement."
"Just act casual  Bob."
"&quot;Just try to look casual.&quot;"
"DO A BARREL ROLL!!!"
"Dat feeling when you make it just in time"
"Dat feel."
"Hah.... your mom!"
"Social Media Explained"
"Fixed this and posted it on my FB  no one got it."
"Social Media Explained"
"Social Media Explained"
"The Seamonster [5184x3456][OC]"
"My Little dog enjoying the Sea {OC}"
"Hulk &quot;SMASH&quot;!"
"Turtle payback"
"Males of every species can feel his pain [GIF]"
"That's not fruit!"
"That's no berry!"
"Dog vs Turtle..."
"You're fucking with the wrong turtle man"
"&quot;What Obama has turned this country into tho&quot;"
"Facebook"
"&quot;What Obama have turned this country into&quot; X-post from /r/Facepalm"
"That's what Jesus would want (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"Did you see that one coming...... NO! Ugggg Don't know if I should bathe now."
"ways to pee 101"
"This dog ate bubble gum"
"No idea what you're talking about"
"Stealing food at my lunch table"
"Missed Call"
"Karma's a bitch"
"How I feel correcting Reddit grammar and then getting downvoted myself... [FIXED]"
"Who does not believe in karma?"
"sweet justice [xpost from r/funny]"
"So err... Anyone hungry?"
"Looks like I'm getting an old fashioned manicure tomorrow"
"Paris!!"
"A child learns one of the most valuable lessons in life: READ THE DIRECTIONS"
"Check out what Microsoft sent me for the 10 year anniversary! [Fixed]"
"My reaction when my first post hit the front page but was removed..."
"When the first votes are downvotes on a link i thought Reddit would enjoy"
"Ad Placement Fail in the Union Tribune in San Diego (recommended I post this here from r/SanDiego)"
"Appropriate Ad [x-post from r/SanDiego]"
"Something cool actually popped up in my news feed..."
"[Cy&amp;H] I felt a kick too  honey."
"The birth of a monster..."
"I googled &quot;shitty instagram photo.&quot; Satisfied."
"I never believed all the posts that said everything in Australia will kill you until my local news showed this."
"I never believed all the talk about how everything in Australia tries to kill you until my local news showed this picture early this morning."
"nothing to see here"
"Keep misreading it"
"Do not try this at home."
"Best high Five Ever!!!!!"
"Stop. Yorke time."
"fits nicely"
"A Very Loyal Dog [FB]"
"The armada of aww"
"nom nom nom"
"When a popular post starts getting downvoted"
"Nice Head Goal!"
"whenever I attempt to talk to the cute girl in class."
"Highschool in a nutshell  or should I say  pineapple."
"Just a dog and a bubble..."
"I... I'm okay with this..."
"What Metzitzeh B'peh is and how a baby died from it? Here it is. Cause of baby's death: herpes"
"Meanwhile  in Australia...always make sure you look up."
"When me and my colleague hear we get a raise"
"Shake your arms like Henry"
"D-FENCE"
"Reddit Cafe"
"I miss the hell out of this show."
"Now stay kissed"
"All I want to do when I see couples making out in public."
"I see your Fuddruckers and County Market and raise you this."
"Like a BOSS - [video in comments]"
"Did anyone else love the heck out of this game?"
"minty flavor."
"Toy Yoda"
"You have won a new toyota!!! YAAAYY!!"
"I wonder what's on reddit today..."
"This kid knows what's up"
"Like a boss!"
"There is something missing here"
"We've all wanted to. NSFW"
"Yep  I definetly should"
"After a three-day bender during finals week and an exam tomorrow."
"Cooking Level: College Student"
"For all the non Australian's out there  this is our Prime Minister. [FIXED]"
"Bill f%*#ing Murray"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"In Bill (Murray) we trust."
"Squids."
"Listening to a floating ball of light all your life can be pretty stressful..."
"If its healthy......."
"What If Anne Geddes Photographed Adults Instead of Babies?"
"Gaben is working on something..."
"When the robots kill all of my patients"
"When I drink too much coffee before class..."
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this"
"IM going straight to hell for laughing at this  but..but. I can't stop!"
"Definitely going to hell for laughing at this...worth it"
"Because he's the hero Mexico deserves  but not the one it needs right now. So we'll hunt him  because he can take it. Because he's not the hero. He's a silent guardian  watchful protector. A luchador"
"Badass level: Over 9000"
"I still just can't stop staring."
"r/Cinemagraphs: An elegant gif  for a more civilized age."
"Rainy Mood"
"Boulevard of Broken Dreams"
"It was a rainy night on Sunset Boulevard  and the streetlights stole the show from the stars."
"The fragrance of dark coffee in the rain..."
"As a university student surrounded by self-righteous twats..."
"Who the hell names hurricanes? [via tumblr]"
"This always makes me smile on a bad day."
"Get on the floor"
"Gotta Love That Captcha"
"I dont even know"
"Fuck you Soda Pop Board of America!!!!"
"My baby's bottle is filled with cola in order to ensure his future popularity and happiness"
"Disprove Jesus"
"Little too much to drink (x-post/gifs)"
"BooooooZzzze!"
"iLOST"
"A Glorious Starmie~"
"Whenever my wife goes into a fitting room with about 20 items of clothing"
"Happy Talk Like A Pirate Day! Aargh!"
"Superhero Math"
"Do the skrillex!"
"This one gets me every time."
"Skrillex drops the BEES"
"Everyone On Google Today [Fixed]"
"Skrillex really hates bees (X-post from WTF)"
"This kid would've been the neighbourhood king of the late '80s."
"Why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"And this is why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"Freshman year of college  my reaction when a woman says; &quot;I hope you have a condom&quot;."
"Luck of the Irish (C&amp;H)"
"&quot;Mexican&quot; starwars"
"wat?"
"It's my Reddit B-day and this is the best pic I could think of posting."
"I Googled &quot;karma whore&quot;"
"Be Christopher Walken for the day-"
"The right reaction?"
"Firing a Gun Underwater"
"Best sleeping bag ever?"
"Whenever I realize McDonald's gave me the wrong drink [gif]"
"Everyone says its funny and cute  so I thought i should post it."
"Sammy hanging around"
"Monster truck."
"Meanwhile  in Russia..."
"Call 1-600-DOCTORB! The &quot;B&quot; stands for &quot;Bargain&quot;!"
"When my wife is sick and wants to go to the doctor  I can only think of this. Every single time."
"A mans fire extinguisher"
"Ya  that about sums it up..."
"How I say goodbye to my friends now"
"Kitty with rodent friend"
"Nightmares forever"
"Things to say during sex"
"Things to say during sex."
"Nah It will never take off. Story by Dot Comme O_O"
"How I feel as a Mexican on Reddit"
"A bit old  but this still my favorite gif of all time."
"Ermmmm... wut?"
"This must have taken a lot of effort"
"this is the trippiest thing i have ever....... by accident."
"reflection..."
"Reconstruction [gif]"
"Reconstruction"
"He does make a sexy lady"
"Genderbending: Hugue Lauri"
"The world's most famous men as the world's most beautiful women."
"This has been my favorite comic for years."
"Wat."
"Splashback"
"That moment when your global-range skillshot kills someone across the map."
"One GIANT upvote for the beauty of Crater Lake"
"Whenever I see someone else with their eyes open and head raised while a prayer is being said."
"Every Morning"
"Oh Johnny!"
"Only guardian monkey can decide who can or cannot.."
"No touch."
"FINALLY HERE!"
"The second biggest lie I've seen"
"So close"
"Goodbye  street view"
"Like hell there is...."
"Man arrested during haircut"
"Of all the times to get into a fight..."
"Of all the times"
"Doctarang"
"WHOse Safety Dance ;) ?"
"Dolphin pod in the surf"
"Dolphin pod in the surf"
"It's a sad story"
"My new favorite term"
"What Is Your Worst Fear?"
"A very serious ongoing problem"
"This is a serious issue."
"Don't make him pull a shiv"
"How Can We Win?"
"So this just popped up on my timeline."
"So this just popped up on my timeline."
"Reasons to not vote for Romney (Credit goes to @DragonflyJonez on twitter)"
"Found this gem on twitter tonight... Please consider when casting you're vote this year."
"This popped up on my newsfeed..."
"Everybody's gateway drug."
"The bullhorse Dog"
"Biggest pizza fail of all time"
"fuck."
"Now for only $79.99"
"I'll straight eat the back half a goat while the front half still breathin!"
"Shanghai 1990 vs 2010"
"Shanghai 1990-2010"
"Disco"
"How I look when I'm dancing at a club"
"This pup scared of the vet deserves more than FaceBook!"
"Extremely Close Call"
"Good Guy Tree"
"How do you breathe through that little thing?"
"Whatever your argument was  it is now invalid."
"My new favorite Disney princess"
"Greatest screensaver ever."
"When my little brother was bored and being annoying I'd unplug the keyboard and let him play this game."
"Fuck everyone!"
"That's a safe assumption"
"Mini Donkey on a Construction Site"
"As a redditor who created their account on &quot;Talk like a pirate&quot; day.."
"just started working in construction this is how I feel (yes its a repost)"
"This little kid is on the fast track to being a jackwagon."
"The only gif that can make me laugh"
"A Wild Candleblower suddenly appeared!"
"How it feels when fellow cake dayers post in your submission"
"When someone else's cake day post steals the spotlight"
"When someone else's cake day post steals the spotlight"
"Great fighting! You were tough  Mac!"
"Where is this from?"
"Stupid Tattoo: This woman's sex life is gone (nsfw)"
"Awesome GTA"
"My face when 2 girls are kissing in a club"
"When I spot 2 girls making out in a club"
"smoking a blunt and waiting 30 minutes for delivery pizza."
"MFW I see someone attractive"
"a must have for any office"
"I bet this happens a lot."
"Moombathon"
"Just found this gem bookmarked in my &quot;funny&quot; folder"
"How i probably look when i dance drunk or hit on women."
"Motherly words of wisdom."
"A Message to Ladies  From the RNC"
"Dreams and goals"
"&quot;That's right sweetheart&quot;"
"how to eat a girl out. (sfw)"
"Makes me want to watch Blue's Clues again."
"This one caught me off guard a little"
"Interesting Avengers twist..."
"Too much time working retail"
"Dedicated clothing store employee"
"My History teacher showed us this today"
"Reminds me of Hogwarts"
"Whenever I forget to do a huge assignment."
"When you finally get air after getting stuck under a float in the pool"
"I knew it!"
"Mommy  why did Grampa go to jail?"
"Old timer getting his point across."
"When I'm 70..............I'll feel the same way about cops too."
"Fuck you flowers"
"My dog just died  But this picture just made life a bit better"
"Mama Mia! My local Publix is doin' it right"
"Best parent award goes to snooki"
"these creatures shouldnt ever reproduce"
"So this happened today at the Mexico / United States border."
"This is how my dog greets me when I come home from work!"
"When will I be diagnosed with that?!"
"I fear it may become an epidemic..."
"Shit!!!"
"What....the................Hell?"
"Sale in Japan!"
"20% off in Japan!"
"It's a Fuckin' Sale y'all"
"After another tiring Christmas season  the department stores start getting a little cranky."
"Fu*kin Sale in JAPAN"
"Fuckin Sale."
"Interesting advertising strategy in Japan"
"Another fuckin' day in Japan..."
"RAWR"
"Engineering flowchart"
"MY favorite cyanide and happiness comic"
"A baby dolphin"
"Baby. Baby dolphin. Cute baby dolphin."
"Just a hammock boat."
"ye old pocket monstrosities"
"High-five hell yeah!"
"Why would you throw that away?"
"Oh  look at the time."
"Laughed for what felt like days."
"Don't want to admit how long I laughed at this."
"Reposting the reposted reposte while being reposted."
"Reposts."
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"How Reddit Works"
"McBaby"
"A Nuclear Explosion"
"boom."
"Maybe Breaking the Rules Would Be A Good Idea"
"How I feel about Reddit posts sometimes."
"Meanwhile  in New York..."
"what I saw today on the train today  only in New York."
"Well that's just unpleasant"
"How I imagine the perspective of a female bartender."
"Pony on Board - The Be Sharps"
"thats a lot of brains"
"That's what I call a think tank"
"Breakfast"
"To help you decide what to drink for breakfast"
"Google is finally giving me the recognition I deserve! Any ideas for my acceptance speech?"
"Interesting.."
"Intersting..."
"Stating the obvious  but still........."
"This black panther looks incredibly awesome."
"All aboard the Karma express![FIXED]"
"Name them in order"
"A whole bunch of characters in one gif (I tried to name 'em all - very hard)"
"Faroe Islanders catching and slaughtering pilot whales"
"Dirty mouth"
"For cats only"
"Sewing machine"
"Sewing machine"
"This little piggy...:-/"
"Pass the controller bro"
"These aren't my glasses"
"The definition of &quot;No.&quot;"
"Foggy morning in Rio"
"Soda  Pop  or Coke Map: What the hell is going on in Alaska?"
"A Red Panda: aww-verload!"
"How I feel as a student attending class for 35-40 hours a week reading that college students attend class for 15."
"Sleepy kitty"
"This is what my aunt does with her kitten."
"Phoenix July 4th Meetup"
"How I feel after being single for 8 months [Fixed]"
"inspiration from bruce lee  that is all."
"File under &quot;motivation&quot;"
"Sesame Street"
"..and this came up on my newsfeed"
"LOL. what?"
"This would be funny if it wasn't true..."
"tiny monkey"
"Telling it like it is."
"So out of touch... (first post!)"
"when I go to submit a TIL link but it's already been submitted"
"Perfect Timing (pic)"
"Air Wave"
"In the sky"
"I see what you did there"
"Meets humans  not impressed"
"The greatest athlete of my generation"
"Mona Diesel"
"Owl madness!"
"When someone swerves into my lane in their Mercedes when I'm commuting in my $1 200 truck"
"I was bored."
"ARE YOU MAN ENOUGH!?"
"Going all Lion King on that shit"
"I'm doin it"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"Spiderman  I am"
"What I say to every redditor I have found."
"Oh Spidey (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Spiderman doesn't."
"Youtube commenters in a nutshell"
"Bone bicycle (fixed)"
"forever alone bike girlfriend"
"POOOOOORNNNN"
"Why does this not exist"
"Credible Hulk is Credible."
"Atheist Knowledge Slam"
"The Credible Hulk"
"You wouldn't like me when I'm angry"
"Like a sir"
"You Wouldn't Like Me When I'm Angry"
"Too much cute to handle."
"I wonder who the owner is of said laptop."
"How I felt when my ex re-added me on facebook."
"How I feel trying to get to the front page on my cake day."
"The rare image showing both day and night on earth. Amazing![414x414]"
"Sorry"
"No  Grandma! It's a trap!"
"Why!? Just why!?"
"With midterms in full swing  I'm being reminded of this every time I take a college exam."
"Learning how to Gangnam Style after a shower..."
"When i reach double-digit upvotes"
"God damnit  I want this cat for my birthday!"
"IMPOSSIBRU!"
"It's actually pretty easy being green"
"They told me I could be anything.."
"When other posts fail  post a kitten"
"LOL SO GAYYYYYYYYYYY XD"
"Whee!"
"not sure if adorable or evil..."
"A tiger... and an elephant..."
"For the remaining debates  I propose a change of format."
"scary and confusing feelings for a fictional crab"
"This situation was handled well. A small example that we are not violent people. (X-post r/facepalm)"
"Well  this is awkward"
"Fuck Wilcoxson's Ice Cream in WY."
"Man's best friend"
"Yo  just hanging bro (Fixed)"
"How was the world created?"
"How was the world created?"
"Tetris wisdom"
"Tetris wisdom"
"So it begins"
"Alien vs. Predator"
"All mine."
"Dedication to family photography"
"Does anyone know the story behind this animated pic I came across? (warning: police brutality)"
"Shouldn't have resisted arrest"
"Shouldn't have resisted arrest (x-post - r/wtf)"
"anybody know the background of this gif??? he really fucks her shit up"
"bambi meets godzilla"
"Survival of the fittest"
"yep  it's hedgehog"
"Here's a picture of Alfred Hitchcock directing the lion MGM opening"
"Nice try USA."
"Ouch  my childhood"
"So easy now"
"every day"
"How I feel when arguing with religious people on the internet"
"How I feel arguing politics on facebook"
"Will forever be one of my favorite gifs"
"Must..keep.. working."
"How getting downvotes makes me feel."
"The progression of a /r/poltics debate."
"Face Keyboard Smash"
"My karma has been stuck in neutral for 4 years  so I present to you: Porcupine babies"
"Sweet!"
"They could have stopped Voldemort's return entirely."
"New Year celebration Dec. 30  2011 in Edinburgh"
"New Year celebration Dec. 31  2011 in Edinburgh"
"Stranger Danger"
"Whenever the keg runs out at a frat party"
"What do you think they were looking for?"
"Anti-Prohibition rally  circa 1930's. Today marks the 79th anniversary of the repeal of prohibition."
"We must all learn to respect Christianity..."
"Found this little guy all by himself..."
"No need to be a beach.."
"Just a baby elephant sitting under a waterfall while shooting water from his trunk"
"Best Breaking Bad Transition"
"Where are you going?"
"'Ey mate! Where da hell are you goin'?"
"where ya goin?!"
"Don't worry  dad sent your dog to pick you up"
"Whenever a Lexus commercial comes on..."
"Problem Wenger?"
"If at first you don't succeed  try try try try try try"
"Winception."
"What it feels like trying to contribute to Reddit for a day"
"The day I discovered reddit."
"Stumbling upon unexpected tits."
"Nothing's gonna slow panda down!"
"That face"
"Famous underwater statue of Jesus in the Maltese"
"The famous Maltese underwater statue of Jesus Christ"
"Abstinence"
"MFW I'm watching American Horror Story"
"Kitty is my baby."
"Let's just get this over with quick."
"How I feel after my link gets 5 up votes and then 10 down votes..."
"Passed 1000 upvotes today only to be reminded by my 12 year old cousin  he has over 4000. Yeah the feeling was short lived"
"My reaction when my GF tried this move on me! [SFW]"
"How I feel when getting a prostate exam"
"Happy Birthday  Mr. Fahrenheit."
"How to get guys to wash their hands..."
"The people of Reddit  described in one gif"
"... A What Attack???"
"He had a dick attack."
"The Legend of Lemongrab"
"I posted this pic in a comment last week. Today my friend emailed me this funny pic he saw on George Takei's facebook page. The surreal part? It's the same pic! (facebook link in the comments)"
"Hoth in your freezer"
"Hoth Freezer"
"Star Wars: behind the behind the scenes.."
"My friend found this when he opened his freezer this morning"
"Someone called me and my friends a Fruit Salad  he gave us inspiration."
"Crazy Rare Goblin Shark"
"How badass is this? (x-post from r/pics)"
"How badass is this?"
"My friend saw President Obama hanging around a Shell Gas Station in Jacksonville FL this morning. Needless to say I will no longer be giving them my business. - Imgur"
"Younger brother: &quot;What's that game I watched you play as a kid where you found the parts for the vehicles?&quot;"
"How I feel upvoting something I thought about posting  but didn't."
"When my friends are playing Fifa and score a goal."
"Its the effort that counts."
"Whenever I do the wave..."
"What a bunch of greedy ostriches!"
"Breakfast time"
"They call him Catbagman"
"Hello there ladies"
"Abercrombie and Cat"
"Classic Johnny Bravo."
"Go on..."
"Oh karma... I'm waiting..."
"HERP HERP BA-DERP"
"Introducing Jenny  master of improv"
"Duuuuude"
"Sup"
"Mark Twain with a kitten on his shoulder."
"Mark Twain: Closet Redditor"
"In case you're wondering if it snowed in Michigan Last night."
"Lake Effect Snow"
"The lower peninsula of the state of Michigan has to deal with &quot;lake effect snow&quot; this time of year. This is a TERRA image of what this currently looks like."
"Trying to get out of class at the end of the day"
"Best Motorman"
"Rock out with your cock out! [NSFW]"
"I couldn't help myself n_n"
"I don't think he's old enough to drive yet"
"Everytime I see a friend like Romney or Ryan."
"Statistics"
"100% of men didn’t notice King Kong is in this picture . . ."
"Oh Joker!"
"When I click Hyperlinks that go to YouTube."
"It's the first .gif I've made from an online video. I'm pretty dayum proud of it."
"MFW my parents send me pictures of them eating In &amp; Out burgers while I'm making pasta"
"How I feel seeing r/WTF posts lately"
"Barrack enjoying student life."
"Waiting for cookies to be done..."
"Me for the next two hours"
"Vladimir Putin around the age of 8"
"Unclear on the concept..."
"What is this I don't even..."
"Everyone Must be Treated Equally."
"Everyone deserves to be treated equally!"
"Who's normal according to NYC Metro?"
"Celeb shot  FTW"
"this is thumper (&gt;^_^)&gt;"
"how very apt!"
"How to Draw an Owl"
"At First I Was Like..."
"How I imagine people yesterday buying powerball tickets"
"Whenever someone buys something from me"
"What I imagine moderators do.."
"why am i bad luck?"
"My latest rescue  they were going to put her down because she was black"
"They bag this now."
"Woah not so fast cleverbot"
"Creepiest car seat ever?"
"It's Never What It Looks Like"
"Orange County Choppers  in a nutshell"
"American Choppers was about family..."
"Where am I? What's going on?"
"Goggled OAG photos. Was not disappointed."
"The Scream of Edvard Munch"
"How I picture Reddit in the 1950's"
"Just a beach"
"sunset captured with some around effect! its like post-apocalyptic!"
"Beach"
"Truly amazing"
"studying.."
"Just because it was good once doesn't mean it can't be good again"
"People Who Hate Reposts also hate..."
"People Who Hate Reposts also hate..."
"How to spot a criminal."
"BOOM!"
"What a polite carton you are"
"Good Guy Milk Carton"
"For everyone having a bad day  Enjoy!"
"$500 fine for littering."
"Was browsing the internet when suddenly..."
"Priest Training"
"How I feel after visiting /r/IAMA today"
"No one told Tim that this was a costume party"
"Meanwhile  in Japan... [sfw]"
"Still  after 100's of wallpapers  this is my favorite [fixed]"
"My last dump was well received. Here it is  uncompressed  with more. [imgur pro]"
"Some of my favorite wallpapers I've gotten from in and around Reddit."
"I'm not sure if you've seen this  but this is my favourite internet-haircut of all time. enjoy."
"The Terminator...?"
"The Terminator...?"
"I think of this every time he says this line. Every damn time."
"A controversial cartoon depicting an Agnostic."
"Poor timing"
"What did he think was going to happen?"
"I think a point has been made."
"Trees suck"
"Anyone seen my cat?"
"Soon..."
"Rumsfeld has got the moves."
"How I felt when I heard about it."
"Oh George  why?"
"Pikachu use flash!!"
"Don't Follow."
"Be this guy."
"He has the swag."
"When I dip  you dip  we dip!"
"I'm sexy  I'm cute..."
"Mitt Romney visits Chipotle"
"The Beginning is Near (link in comments)"
"I don't even"
"Do not talk about deer Fight Club"
"2 Deer tryna be all human n stuff"
"Meanwhile on Halloween in Wisconsin....."
"So i got this card for Christmas..."
"next years holiday cards"
"Season's Greetings"
"Not sure of repost but I was challenged to find the most 'Murcan photo. This is what I came up with..."
"Abe Lincoln here to save the day!"
"Abe Lincoln here to save the day!"
"Was walking to my car after class when suddenly..."
"Fuck the police"
"ಠ_ಠ"
"Christmas morning as a kid."
"Waking up every morning during steam sales"
"How I react to seeing a bug in my bed"
"Chris Tucker explains E3 2012"
"It looks like a suicide  I can't really tell for sure."
"... That. Is. Awesome!!!!"
"i &lt;3 Corporate Sponsors."
"A new antivirus program I've been working on."
"SWAG-AntiVirus"
"Aw  man. Diabetes again?"
"Three words."
"Photobomb Level: Count Blackula"
"Bryan Cranston directs this week's episode of the Office!"
"X-Post from r/breakingbad  Bryan Cranston will direct this weeks episode"
"Bryan Cranston directing this week's episode of 'The Office'"
"One day he'll learn."
"only try to realize the truth"
"Has your bike been stolen?"
"WAT."
"I think he's taking the hobby a little TOO far... (X/post from WTF)"
"A bicycle collector's gallery before an exhibition at a local art museum."
"Go to Google Images &amp; search 'Cough.' Invisible blowjobs"
"It does work"
"This is what I found when i googled &quot;coughing&quot; . It does look like he is giving an invisible man a BJ."
"This game makes me cry bacon flavored tears of nostalgia"
"It's sad that none of my friends recognize this gem."
"My body is ready."
"Golden Retriever family cuddling up for the first time"
"Hydroplane"
"How I felt when my teacher said I was the most responsible person in my class."
"Browsing r/wtf."
"When I post something and go to bed  and come back the next morning to see the down votes."
"The fucking best thing about October"
"4chan at it's best"
"And the award for worst prom dress goes to..."
"And the award for worst prom dress goes to..."
"The most effective home security system on the market"
"I was looking at help for studying on the Internet when..."
"What's that you say? I'm fired? Shouldn't have bothered telling me."
"Bought a beer aaanndd....."
"Bought a beer and... [xpost from pics]"
"You think humans are the only who know this gesture"
"Hey kid!"
"Worlds largest excavator - Texas"
"An unfortunately ambiguous headline"
"Taxi!"
"Never been more proud to be Irish."
"What the actual fuck?"
"She definitely has the moves!"
"I've ran out of FAP material. Please help me find the full video"
"A fine summary"
"Touche  Stephen King....Touche"
"Stephen King's take on Twilight and Harry Potter"
"My friend takes unconventional engagement photos"
"Long Live the King."
"Male-dominated culture."
"A cruel male-dominated culture  a comparison (pic)"
"Subterranean river in cave with sunlight coming through hole in roof"
"National Geographic  never fails to amaze me."
"Cowabunga!!"
"But hay..."
"Lycan Homophones"
"Lycan Homophones"
"A Near-Perfect Combination of My Sense of Humor and Buddhism"
"Well this is a side of Nazism I've never seen before..."
"I think this belongs here."
"My Mind Blew Up With All of this WTF."
"The chancellor of milk."
"Is that...milk?"
"Everything about this is wtf!"
"Little Old Lady Who? I didn't know you could yodel!"
"I feel we should play this classic as tribute to our fallen brothers at Psygnosis."
"First PC game I ever played"
"PHBBARKPPHHBPPTBARKPHPBBRBARKPHHHBARBARK"
"PHBBARKPPHHBPPTBARKPHPBBRBARKPHHHBARBARK"
"How I felt after finally beating diablo 3 inferno."
"I think Apple will agree that this should be a thing"
"Let's install this shizzle"
"As someone who goes to a highschool filled with whores  I feel this way everyday."
"And...oh well"
"How it felt when I got home and saw that I got some upvotes."
"Need a gif? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Showoff Fail."
"The walk of shame"
"When I realize I spent my whole summer playing games."
"NSFW Too Much Body Movement In The Putting"
"He should take some acting classes."
"Need to find me a lady who is down for this"
"Happy Birthday!"
"The fate of /b/"
"A-dog-alypse Now"
"My friend  who is terrified of blood  recently became a father. He gave me this look when I asked him how the labour went..."
"Never forget..."
"The things I've seen  man...."
"The things I've seen man... (x/post from r/pics)"
"Tis be my first cake day today  I present a gif that made me lol so damn hard."
"After finally visiting /r/SpaceDicks.. I've seen some shit. [NSFW]"
"I'm not sure this kid has bones..."
"I see your halftime spinning leg and raise you a spinning Asian child"
"Astral Entity (2048x1195)"
"Sarah Jessica Parker VS Horse"
"Happy EasterrrraaAAAAAARGH"
"When a friENT brings snacks"
"As a US-citizen  this is how I am going to experience the 2012 US-elections"
"I do a handful of meetings via Google hangout. Yesterday  instead of showing my face  I decided to use the screen capture function and use .gifs to demonstrate my reaction to the discussion. People stopped ignoring me at some point."
"Self: &quot;Seriously  how bad could r/spacedicks be?&quot;"
"Watching my asian girlfriend back her car out of my up-hill driveway"
"Waking up from a dream with hundreds of spiders crawling on me"
"Making reddit account after a long time of lurking..."
"My first visit to /r/spacedicks"
"Saw r/spacedicks for the first time"
"My reaction when Reddit crashed."
"Jesus' Second Coming"
"Piggie friends"
"i shall call him Squishy and he shall be my Squishy"
"I told you I'd find you."
"What the duck?"
"Can anyone tell me where this is if it's real?"
"Just Jivin'"
"My new favourite &quot;haters gonna hate&quot; gif"
"As the semester comes closer to an end..."
"White people? How about..."
"Just discovered this sub  first attempt"
"Oh wow."
"Saftey Dance!"
"Having A Good Time"
"The Fresh Prince of Death Metal- now in GIF"
"Home alone chick"
"How to always win a fight."
"What is he saying??"
"November Slap"
"Beard Slap"
"I don't care how much this hurts  I want it to happen to me (SFW)"
"My super hero power"
"When I have kids  this is how I'll discipline them."
"The Beard Slap"
"This is my favorite gif of all time...you should probably post yours as well."
"This melts my heart every time"
"A little aww for you guys"
"Bad Dreams? Come ere'"
"I Haz Bad Dweamz"
"Soothing her kitten."
"Checked to see when my cakeday was  turns out it's today  so here's some cute cats to celebrate!"
"kitty dreams and mom hugs"
"Batman in his later years.."
"Um gonna kick this ball... Stupid ball."
"This is a full grown Golden Retriever-Cocker Spaniel Mix. It looks like a puppy for its whole life!"
"Here's a fully-grown Golden Cocker Retriever. Forever a puppy"
"Golden Cocker Retriever full grown - Forever a puppy"
"My reaction when I DOVE into my 'sandwich' earlier ;D."
"Grant rants that an ant can't lift a plant on a slant. Grant should recant his chant  because I found a defiant ant who can!"
"Trollbulb!"
"I would buy many of these."
"Just an Octopus"
"Maybe at wrong gym??"
"Water cascading off a bull moose's antlers."
"Water cascading off a bull moose's antlers [922x613]"
"Use the Force  Harry -Gandalf"
"A wise man said..."
"How to piss off Lord of the Rings  Star Trek  Harry Potter  and Star Wars fans at the same time..."
"My friend mixed up Star Trek and Star Wars. I posted this on his Facebook wall."
"Captain Kirk tells it like it is"
"Sad kitty"
"Who says 'no' to a nice cuddle ay?"
"Perfect Photobomb"
"Sting Ray Photobomb"
"it's mesmerizing..."
"This flock of flamingos looks like a giant flamingo. What are the odds."
"Predator is a dick..."
"don't flush the.. FUUUCLICKCLICKCLICKCCCKKK"
"For my first cake day  i give you my favorite gif."
"Is this really a John Lennon quote? It is getting passed around FB quite rapidly  but I can not find the source."
"Scientists at work"
"For Science"
"Just gonna swipe my card and..."
"let me hit you with some science"
"The only change little Timmy wanted was his diaper."
"Obama mask"
"Cat massage"
"Cat massage"
"Ladies and Gentleman  Sonic the Hedgehog"
"Midget Chips"
"Fat Guys Love Cake!"
"Cake is a lie"
"Never look back..."
"The Powers of KFC"
"I guess with his 3 homers tonight Pablo Sandoval has now made up for &quot;the cake incident&quot;"
"For my cake day my absolute favourite picture ever"
"Everyone hates you because you killed 17 million people."
"I don't think that's why people hate you..."
"So my friend posted this on Facebook."
"For people who don't make the front page by posting a static image for people who make the front page by posting an animated gif for people who make the front page by posting an animated gif for people to make the front page by complaining about people who make the front page."
"I see your wood art  and I raise you a cut down tree wood pile"
"So I'm in the elevator on the way to my next class...and this is all I can think about..."
"For my cakeday  my favourite comic (as a Norwegian)"
"Some people don't even realize this..."
"And here I thought it was a giant turtle navigating the slopes of Mount Olympus..."
"The Mo Fukken Universe"
"So  I got a job today  and now I feel like this..."
"How I imagine it feels to reach the front page"
"WTF... awesome secret escape!"
"I think this would make waking up in the morning a lot easier"
"Fishcam + Tree = Trippy"
"360° [pic] (xpost)"
"Awesome fisheye lens [2560x1440]"
"Funniest subreddit I've found in along time: /r/coffeewithjesus - here's a sample."
"Easter Island Milk Company"
"Ahhh  shit."
"Sounded like a good idea at the time..."
"What could possibly go wrong? (x-post /funny)"
"Yes  yes it is."
"Watching my GF read erotic"
"How every guy in college view incoming freshman girls"
"How I feel when someone walks right where I farted a few minutes ago."
"Whenever someone criticizes Mitt Romney"
"Careful  you could put a Nye out with that thing!"
"Science DOES rule!"
"Now that's science  Bill."
"first post on reddit"
"Picture of a white child curiously touching the shield of a black riot cop during a KKK protest. No one is born a racist."
"The deepest photo I've ever seen"
"The unfortunate case of bigot parents"
"what the actual fucking fuck."
"I feel physically sick."
"What the fuck is that?!"
"You want a physicist to speak at your funeral?"
"Much more comforting"
"you would think one of them would learn to wear a rubber... or just not fuck."
"Me when my computer lags slightly"
"Inside &quot;Africa Face&quot; Guy's Head"
"pug and a frisbee"
"Realizing I just got burned."
"Puppy trap"
"Fuck this  I'm tired of this shit."
"How I feel on Facebook in regards to the Kony posts"
"My reaction when I first found r/spacedicks."
"That moment when you walk into 300 people class and professor says all homework and powerpoints are posted on blackboard."
"When you walk into work and your manager is already waiting to talk to you"
"Mittens  did you really go to culinary school?"
"If this doesn't get karma I quit reddit"
"Best. Cat. Ever."
"So this kitty likes to pretend he is a pokemon"
"logged into facebook and saw this!"
"Squirtle used pizza toss!"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Squirtles"
"NO  MINE!"
"No I won't give this to you..."
"The most North Korean picture ever"
"Oops I dropped the little one"
"Hang on  ill send you a photo of my newborn baby"
"Magnetic baby (Xpost r/wheredidthesodago)"
"As a black gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis..."
"(FIXED) As a &quot;white&quot; gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis..."
"As a white gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis"
"As a white gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis..."
"Majestic ginger?"
"Eyes off  eyes on"
"When Huskies see bacon"
"Yoda they see rolling."
"I can't think of a title for this picture  other than WTF. NSFW."
"Da Fuq?"
"Cool!"
"Fuck everything about this!"
"I don't care where this was taken but if I ever have to stay in a place that gets this fucking cold  this fucking quick  I'm leaving."
"Bathroom confessional goes for universal positivity"
"no shave never"
"I stole this and putting it on r/funny"
"Yummy"
"Longest gif bomb ever"
"Smell this!"
"Angry Facebook posts are coming..."
"Introduced someone to Reddit today  asked me if he'll get addicted..."
"When asked if I'm single..."
"When my girlfriend asks me if i was just checking out another girl"
"Are you still a virgin?"
"It's driving me nuts  which episode of Friends is this from?"
"Are you still a virgin?"
"These need to come back......NOW"
"Delicious Rubik's Cube"
"Delicious Rubik's Cube"
"Rubik's Cube Fruit Salad (from DIY.org's Chef section)"
"You don't say..."
"You don't fuck with the Japanese."
"Family fun!"
"Family fun! (xpost from r/WTF)"
"NOPE!"
"Hey there  little buddy..."
"This is why I hate lakes"
"A real life xenomorph"
"Fish gill parasite"
"The Most Astounding Fact..."
"NDT + great comic = last panel frisson"
"The Most Astounding Fact"
"The most astounding fact about the universe."
"This is why you want to park in the designated lot!"
"Hipster Alpaca"
"YES YES YES YES"
"Reddit reaction to incest lately"
"if a girl checks me out"
"Knock knock..."
"Maybe he should have put the Do Not Disturb sign up. (NSFW) (GIF)"
"dildo fail"
"Hey Man  want some pepperonipizz-Nevermind. (NSFW)"
"Daria sums up every students fear"
"Toothpaste"
"I Wish I Was This Cool"
"Hater's gonna hate"
"When I fix my hair in public"
"When I won a fantasy baseball matchup by one strikeout"
"Did You Know?"
"Well Fuck..."
"I bet she does"
"The target of Apple's next lawsuit?"
"How I feel confronting erratic drivers while riding with my mate"
"His true identity is revealed!"
"Master of Disguise"
"George Washington"
"The only boy band worth listening to."
"this is why you are fat"
"This girl is all about class"
"He's talking about you guys."
"Damn it Channing Tatum  as if they didn't want us more like you as it was."
"So I receive a text reading &quot;I just wrote a fb post about you&quot;... Fuck."
"Thank God I broke up with her"
"Honey Boo Boo  black people version."
"Denis Leary nails it again."
"Definition of the term &quot;Fanboy&quot; [FB]"
"I wish this too... (Maybe spoiler?)"
"Let the Hate begin."
"Making racists look good"
"THIS is what your kids are texting..."
"Who wants to join me for a sex barbecue?"
"Siberian Bear Hunting Armour"
"Siberian Bear Hunting Armour c.1800s"
"Brass bugs."
"Instrument insects"
"4chan's views on reddit and 9gag."
"One day you'll thank us..."
"Googled &quot;The cutest thing on the internet&quot; I got this baby red panda doing the Thriller."
"Baby Red Panda"
"er.... hello."
"Red Panda"
"Rawrr!!!"
"Red panda comin to get ya"
"I can't even think of a title..."
"aaaand...wifi off"
"Orthodox bodyguard"
"Star Wars Speeder Bike Cats."
"What Star Wars VII I going to be like."
"Sweet fuck... I had a lecture hall of 300+ laughing to this."
"Why you should never talk on the phone in the bathroom!"
"Everytime I think I finally found something good to post on Reddit"
"you're doing it wrong"
"Sexy Girl Seductively Dancing"
"Unexpected"
"Me whenever a cell phone service rep uses the word &quot;Unlimited&quot;."
"Whenever I see the word &quot;fap&quot; referring to non-fapping scenerios in a meme..."
"My sister-in-law tried to make chocolate covered bananas today. The result? Dick pops."
"Chocolate covered banana aka &quot;dick pops&quot;"
"The derp dance"
"BassNectard!"
"Just a Corgi with a maple leaf on its nose."
"Autumn Corgi"
"Yup  it DOES matter.."
"Noah's Ark."
"Not always a good idea.."
"What a cute couple"
"One of my favorite face swaps of all time."
"Yep"
"Oh George!"
"I'm a grill"
"Fat kid wearing a beanie and smoking a cigarette while two pairs of boys (who are also wearing beanies) pretend to fight in the grassy area of a parking lot."
"Picnic."
"Just a Panda Family... Wait  What?"
"oh four tuna"
"When I see Reddit on someone's screen at work..."
"I finally became docta today. My fatha approves."
"My reaction to seeing someone I knew on r/gonewild!"
"My gif-dump for the world to use"
"This is how I feel as a person who only upvotes."
"When I get milk duds for Halloween !"
"As a Vermonter  reading about the other states finally getting on our level."
"It's a chilly Wednesday in October  so I could really use one of these right now."
"IN THE FACE!!!"
"After I haven't had sex for a while... (repost from r/funny)"
"IN THE FACE!!! (fixed)"
"In the face [Fixed]"
"IN THE FACE!!!(fixed)"
"That smirk of satisfaction when your 40-year-old &quot;rejected&quot; theory was just proven."
"When I saw the photo of Higgsy smirking..."
"Seals are just dog mermaids.. The cutest wildlife photo ever (via telegraph.co.uk)"
"Spotted at local Target. Cousins?"
"Oh god  please no."
"Every day at the same time  she waits for him  and they go for a walk - from my facebook feed"
"Two buds...Just going for a walk."
"Two friends out for a walk..."
"Motivations of a Lannister"
"Gee thanks  Batman (I didn't see this with a quick search.)"
"Batman  NOOOOOO!"
"Un-pregnant"
"What do we want?"
"What do we want?"
"As a puppy  he wanted to be Snoopy. - Imgur"
"A poodle. On a roof. That is all."
"The two things I love.."
"the only way to get on the front page [NSFW]"
"The key to unlimited karma [NSFRL]"
"A no fap February challenger appears."
"Only reason I watch any TV show (Let's end this now)"
"How my father looks when he tries to get in my room"
"1800s Siberian Bear Hunting Armor (from /r/darksouls)"
"Felt like this deserved to be here more than anywhere else  &quot;1800s Siberian Hunting Armor&quot; [x-post from r/WTF]"
"He's right!"
"Bill Murray"
"Ate a burrito from chipotle last night..."
"This happened to me today..."
"This picture always makes me lose it"
"Googled &quot;Fuck Everything&quot; this is the first result."
"Mr. Breeze"
"This is how you get the job done."
"Sup"
"Deal with it"
"Ohhhhhh shit...ohhhh shiiiit...oh shiiit...ohhh shit ..... phew"
"Haters Gonna...woaahhh....ssshhh....iiaaaa....Hate"
"I'm so going to hell for laughing at this. Hopefully I won't be alone"
"it's shit like this  4chan..."
"Can't.stop.giggling."
"r/imgoingtohellforthis has the funniest stuff"
"And a one...and a four..."
"This is what's going to happen to the Mass Effect DLC outrage come release day."
"I never want to disappoint this girl"
"I don't want to ever disappoint her"
"Judge Doom is back."
"What I imagine shrooms are like"
"I am your father."
"Giraffe bread"
"Woody"
"How I feel when I wake up"
"Oh Woody..."
"Buddy asks &quot;Can i have your Lil Wayne?&quot;. Sure  one sec - Imgur"
"Walking into a dorm bathroom at 3am the first week freshman year"
"Coca Cola Polar bears"
"Hey you!"
"I want pepsi."
"Meanwhile in Australia [Fixed]"
"Meanwhile In Australia [FIXED]"
"when i do something right the first time"
"Portal to narnia"
"Glowing toilet"
"They're like Gremlins."
"Definitely NSFW"
"Oh  hello there!"
"Here i am  Ladys!"
"So  a blonde walks into a Microsoft store..."
"I am too."
"This popped up on my newsfeed. I laughed."
"The greatest Facebook status I've ever seen on my news feed."
"Gandalf [Repost]"
"What does snoop dog need an umbrella for?"
"This is why Buddhism will avoid the wrath of r/atheism."
"Yet ANOTHER reason why r/atheism leaves Buddhism alone. (Debunks Biblical literalism)"
"I've Got Your Back Little Man"
"Don't Pick on Him"
"Show me where the bullies are."
"Would you guys stop doing that!? How do you expect me to score?"
"This is one of those cases where knowing the background story makes you go WTF even more."
"Turtle Power!"
"Parenting at its finest"
"Meteor streaking across Canadian sky"
"Special Announcement for All Engineering Students"
"Contrast"
"punch me really hard."
"Punch me really hard (4chan)"
"punch me really hard"
"Watermelon baby"
"why i always get seedless watermelon"
"Guess I'll Get Seedless Watermelons... [x-post from r/funny]"
"Stephen Colbert explains hurricanes"
"How Hurricanes Form"
"Oh Stephen Colbert... (x-post from r/funny)"
"When that sin gets high enough..."
"For females who wish to urinate while standing up..."
"Would ladies really carry this around?"
"LEEEEAAAVEEESSS"
"A glass-is-half-full type of dog"
"derp x disabled"
"Found this on my newsfeed this evening.."
"I sea you don't have the time.."
"The bases"
"Mass Effect 3 is not for sale here yet. This is how I'm killing time with Mass Effect 2."
"Lucky cat"
"My that does look comfy..."
"so.. this is how Karma works?"
"Now that's a happy cat"
"Searching &quot;Needle in a haystack&quot; via Shutterstock."
"I am gonna jump"
"Special infected!"
"My reaction when i found out i submitted a repost."
"When I get placed back into the same game I just raged-quit from."
"30 Minutes after Taco Bell"
"When GameStop &quot;Just ran out&quot; of a game I want [GIF]"
"When I learned this afternoon that my cake day post this morning got deleted by an auto-moderator"
"MFW a new register opens up after waiting 30 min"
"upon learning that &quot;Golden Eagle Snatches Kid&quot; was fake"
"Hovering in the sky  this rainbow cloud over Mount Everest took an astonished astronomer by surprise. Oleg Bartunov  51  caught the spectacle on camera during a Himalayas expedition in Nepal."
"So I was looking for new wallpapers for my phone..."
"The frustration is unbearable when this happens."
"I think these clouds will impress you."
"Morning Glory Clouds Over Australia"
"Morning Glory Clouds"
"I can't even"
"Adagio.gif [x-post from /r/mylittleandysonic1]"
"They will defeat it!"
"Ukulele Virtuoso"
"YES I CANT EVEN..."
"Just some ants drinking water"
"Just some ants drinking water.. (x-post from r/images"
"dat misty cosplay [fixed]"
"My unfortunate cake day."
"Current mood [gif]"
"Well... You know you wanted it."
"The next  next logical progression..."
"I knew it had to be done"
"When you see it..."
"I'd really love to see the story from the perspective of these two. AMA?"
"Louie."
"Two types of people..."
"This really does break my heart"
"How to get you to notice me. [FB]"
"young love..."
"What is going on here. [FB]"
"I was browsing through facebook and i saw this. Couldn't stop laughing.(FB)"
"Not the Eiffel Tower"
"Gaffigan and Gaffigan fans on &quot;Religious Nutjobs&quot;"
"Bust this!"
"Swallowed whole"
"I just discovered Arrested Development. This is how I feel."
"For Christmas  my family is going to get annual passes to Disney World. This was my reaction when my mom told me."
"How I feel after my first successful reddit post"
"Why?"
"Nailed it! [Fixed]"
"Classic bus prank"
"Why is this a stock photo?"
"So That's How it Happened..."
"Admit it  if you had a couple boxes you would do this too."
"A box within a box within a ... you get the idea."
"Can't even come up with a good enough title to possibly describe how awesome this picture is"
"Not a hipster"
"One thing that women's soccer can't do that men can."
"And now I'm sad"
"Want some salad?"
"Not right now  no thank you."
"let it whip"
"Coolest Fishbowl Ever"
"Inspidered"
"Perhaps the best way to say it...so follow them now!"
"Apparently this bridge would work."
"Apparently this bridge would work (X-post /r/Engineering)"
"Pup is ready to Pump so Iron"
"Comic on Prayers"
"Doctors."
"Unless it was THIS keeping you alive."
"It says it all"
"Chick Putting Pants On"
"Message to one's ex"
"Star Wars Poster Art (5500x3750)"
"I know how much you guys like this guy"
"This is awesome! The Death Star."
"Checkmate"
"Your move Atheists"
"Me when I turned 21 and my mom told me I was not allowed to drink  this is how I looked as I walked out the house"
"Fuck yeah  gotta wash down this cake with something."
"I don't remember E.T's finger vibrating this much"
"Who approved this toy?."
"Saw this at a local bookstore .. Thought you guys would appreciate."
"Pastor buddy of mine put this in my newsfeed. Thought you guys might totally hate it."
"the next best thing since sliced bread"
"Excuse me! what time is it?..... It's 4 O'clock"
"salute this artist"
"The Domino Effect"
"The Dominos Effect"
"Hey..."
"Hey..."
"POW right in the kissa"
"Slap!"
"Confused husky"
"Old Schlitz Beer ad I found from back in the day: Great Advertising! - Imgur"
"My exact face when I smell breakfast."
"Parks &amp; Recreation anyone?"
"Ron Swanson"
"I love puns."
"I wonder where this ladder goes..."
"Deep ladder in a waterfall"
"Underwater stairs."
"Repost."
"For my cakeday  I have uploaded my .gifs that were downloaded over the past year for all of you."
"Two of my favourite people."
"Possibly a repost  just saw this and had to post it! Random texts FTW"
"Max vs Mr Taco"
"Wrong number  Hilarity ensues..."
"I'm Batman BRO!"
"Medusa"
"Skrillex Cat"
"So I can just say how a repost makes me laugh every time and get karma? Here."
"Don't try and say no"
"NSFW Give a hug to your auntie"
"Pow! Right in the childhood!"
"Flush!"
"Me  when I came across r/spacedicks"
"Feeling when thinking of presidential candidates."
"He cant stop failing."
"Dr. Seuss is trying to convey some sort of subliminal message here..."
"Perfect Lab Table"
"Redditors slow dance"
"Finally  a post from Facebook that's not someone's lame status."
"Best friends"
"Double dose of awwww"
"Finn and Jake  in the beginning... [X-Post from /r/adventuretime ]"
":)"
"this is why i can never find the damn X button"
"watch where you walk at night.."
"Say hello to my little Friend"
"A penny for your thoughts?"
"That neck"
"Whenever a girl needs help and asks me &quot;for a hand&quot;  I'm like..."
"Final Level"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"For my cakeday  I present to you my favorite [GIF] of all time."
"It's a beautiful day to be a dog with hands }o:p"
"I believe i laughed a little to hard at this."
"I'll go on ahead"
"This made me laugh a little too much.."
"look at all the fucks i give"
"The general response to foreign Redditors hating on Americans."
"How I feel today towards the rest of the world."
"Tired of all the 4th of july posts?"
"Me  when I see all the sarcastic &quot;Happy 4th of July&quot; posts."
"My cakeday is on the 4th of July  fuck yea!"
"4th of July"
"how I have felt all day"
"I think the music fits the Gif"
"'Murica GIF Sound Mashups"
"Nothing says America like explosives and alcohol."
"Squirrel shielding itself from the snow"
"My friend's attempt at vampire kitty"
"Not mine  but this is one of the best costumes."
"Happy Halloween Reddit"
"Saw this on r/spaceporn. It was too cool not to share. [3]"
"It's breathtaking to consider... [pic] (x-post from r/QuotesPorn)"
"&quot;It's breathtaking to consider...&quot; [x-post from r/ QuotesPorn]"
"&quot;It's breathtaking to consider...&quot; - Anonymous [1024x576]"
"Does anyone know the source of this? I realized I've been using it as a twitter header without permission  and want to pay some dues for the right to use it"
"So much D'awwww"
"Zombie Apocalypse lawn maintenance"
"Where Carl goes at night"
"Where Carl goes at night (x-post from r/funny)"
"everyday of my life...."
"Atheist Cat"
"Grammar Nazi"
"Your vs. you're"
"Low prices"
"When Gotham is ashes  you have my permission to dance."
"Bane Doesn't Give A Fuck"
"Bane knows that it is true!"
"Goodbye bane"
"Chariots of Fire Bane style."
"It's not unusual"
"That is his jam."
"That is his jam {[FIXED]}"
"Hey Bain  whats going on?"
"That is his jam [FITTING]"
"Any second Bane..."
"Browsing Reddit  listening to Pandora. Fits pretty well."
"Subtle  but drives every man wild [SFW][GIF]"
"It's my Reddit Birthday. I don't have kids  cats  cancer  or grandparents. Here's a repost of a smoking hot lip biter though!"
"When I tell my gf she's been bad..."
"Oh god  it's a female Marlon Brando."
"Nobody!"
"Going to parties when you're already in a relationship"
"Me when I go out"
"I'm gonna have a hard time eating soft-serve now..."
"WOOOooooOOOOAAAAAAooooAAAAooooooo"
"So I Googled &quot;Nicolas Cage on crack&quot;..."
"Years come and go  things change  you mature  but you never forget your first..."
"Did anyone else start their online gaming career with this gem?"
"Lumia 920 vs iPhone 5"
"Lumia 920 vs. iPhone 5"
"Is this offensive? No? Good."
"I guess he was a gangster of sorts..."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"Well that's just rude!"
"MFW they mention the presidential debates in Britain"
"Self-Sacrifice"
"And then there's this. His name is andy."
"5 more minutes..."
"What each state does best: I love how they chose &quot;most suicides per year&quot; as Alaska's 'best' characteristic."
"What each state does best: I love how they chose &quot;most suicides per year&quot; as Alaska's 'best' characteristic."
"Arrested Development was filiming at my hotel. We missed the cast  but they left this behind ..."
"Guy who saves his poop in condoms."
"Shotting Accident"
"My favorite face swap by far"
"Has science gone too far? 80% of people can't tell if this is real!"
"Jumping jacks in Iraq"
"The World when no one's looking"
"Jumprope"
"It's almost like the gif has sound..."
"Optical Illusion for the Ears!"
"Optical illusion for the ears."
"How I acknowledged the guy who pulled up next to me at the red light  with the same car."
"Whenever I see someone else not saying the Lord's Prayer in Church..."
"When the dude at Chipotle gives me extra guacamole"
"heard the boys boys boys song (Michelle Jenneke routine) coming through my wall"
"Everytime I see someone in class who also writes in cursive."
"Al bundy had some of the best one liners"
"This its why I miss this show."
"Childhood ruined."
"How Many Xzibits..."
"Good question."
"Wut"
"PetFuckers™ International"
"A friend's post about eating disorders..."
"My gay friend's response to Chick-fil-a &quot;Appreciation Day&quot; (FB post)"
"This guy has been sleeping on my couch fairly regularly."
"Found something interesting on Facebook."
"Right Back At'cha God."
"The Cycle of All On-Line Content.."
"The Cycle of All On-Line Content.. [FIXED]"
"no no no  THIS game ruins friendships  you backstabber!"
"This game always brings out the worst in me."
"On the way to work"
"The Kid likes faeries..."
"so uh  my first face swap attempt."
"I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING!"
"How you know you've been doing your job for too long."
"Stock drifting"
"Body confidence: Please don't."
"Missed the debates? Here's a summary in one GIF"
"I've started referring to myself as an &quot;agnostic atheist&quot; rather than just an atheist both because it IS what I technically am  (see handy attached chart) and theists don't have as many preconceived prejudices against it for some reason."
"I've been noticing some confusion lately  it's time this was posted again."
"Public toilets in Europe."
"I did ask for a public toilet..."
"...because fuck gravity."
"Female Magic."
"Efficiency"
"So subtle. I wish I would have thought of this"
"There is no context that could make this picture normal for me."
"Well  it looks like my friend is extra high today."
"Freddie Wong on his webseries [HL3]"
"An awkward moment for Chad Johnson and Madden 13.."
"An awkward moment for Chad Johnson and Madden 13.."
"The man speaks the truth"
"I caught one of these on a fishing trip."
"Best Fleshlight Ever?"
"How I feel winning an argument against someone younger than me"
"Pwned"
"chuckle every time[most likely repost]"
"Is that a freaking kid ?"
"Someone tell me where this is from. I seek the full video."
"Drop that bitch."
"Just chillin'"
"Just Chillen"
"Blah blah my cake day something something my cat blah blah blah"
"Nope."
"Somebody's going to hell for this"
"A.k.a Silicone for dudes."
"Unless of course somebody comes up with 6-Minute Abs  then you're in trouble  huh?"
"Instant 6-pack"
"Recommended by &quot;pseudo-athletes&quot;... oh  It MUST be good then..."
"Got a 6-pack in seconds!!!!!!!!"
"Watching you get fat  burger by burger..."
"When only one other person up-votes your post on Reddit"
"When only one other person up-votes your post on Reddit (x-post from /r/funny)"
"How I feel whenever I get an upvote."
"How I feel Trying To Downvote Something On The Front Page"
"Toast"
"Ghostbusters"
"Searching for Toronto Landmarks in Scott Pilgrim and found this...."
"What if I hold it like this?"
"As a guitarist  I wish it was that easy"
"when you see it.... (NSFW)"
"Proper way to discipline a child"
"I'll never look at a soap dispenser the same again"
"Every time I wash my hands this happens."
"When you know you're in a dangerous neighborhood"
"Marriage is a crock of shit!"
"Now I can say that I fuck less than a tree."
"Would you look at that. Look at it!!"
"Never Give a Germ a Break!"
"Please cover them."
"Doin' the superman"
"culo culo culo"
"smallest deer"
"This is not a..."
"A concept most of Christianity cannot grasp."
"This is not a difficult concept"
"Oldie  but a goodie!"
"Must Try This"
"Burrito Bison aka the power of fart"
"Jim [FIXED]"
"Pumpkin'll Fix It..."
"Paedo Pumpkin Jimmy. Now then now then."
"How to stop kids knocking on your door this halloween"
"In the wake of the Jimmy Saville peadophile scandal  I found a way to keep kids away from my door this halloween."
"Youtube strikes again"
"0_0"
"Lady Gaga. Looking meatier!"
"Take it away batman"
"NANANANANA"
"Can anyone tell me what just happened?"
"Just a gif of an animation of a naked man sliding on his feet raping soldiers."
"more WTF than i need right now..."
"Fuck the Police"
"Tactical humps"
"I have no words"
"&quot;Yaranaika unit №17 was deployed. There were no survivors.&quot;"
"What."
"Don't feel bad about doing the walk of shame"
"Just got home from Afghanistan"
"Barfing rainbows over here!"
"Those frustrating times"
"Me and r/pics lately"
"Looks like someone's got a case of the Mondays"
"What humans of the future would actually do if they found Wall-e"
"Always makes my morning pee a tad more delightful [FIXED]"
"I stare at this painting every time I pee. It makes my day just a little bit better."
"NYC Skyline  1876-2013 [900 x 686] x/post from r/cityporn"
"The Evolution of the New York Skyline from 1876"
"The best 4chan advice ever given."
"Carpet Cleaning"
"People ask me why I leave at the last possible minute in the morning."
"Hidden dicks: Disney's at it again"
"Someone at Disney is laughing their ass off"
"Mickey and Minnie's favorite toy..."
"I'm a gamer because I don't have a life"
"my creed"
"A full scale RGB book"
"Baby elephant looking sleepy"
"One more 'MERICA"
"Kate Upton &quot;It's a wrap!&quot;"
"It makes you what?"
"How It Feels To Finally Join Reddit"
"After a few days of trying to be an active part of the reddit community  this sums up the experience."
"this guy forgot his lucky charms"
"a loophole is found"
"Bumper sticker in the south."
"That's about right."
"Arnie Loves Guitar"
"Listening to a rich friend talk about their awesome vacation"
"Listening to a rich friend talk about their awesome vacation [xpost r/gifs]"
"Thanks Grandma!"
"Just Remember"
"Oscar's 420 realization"
"I am made of Marijuana"
"I bet Oscar the Grouch is pretty dank..."
"My favorite childhood character"
"Just noticed this"
"Again! Again!"
"Please  just once more!"
"Baby hippo swims"
"Video Games' Advantages"
"shananananananana Cake!"
"Every day at 5pm."
"Just Mahatma Gandhi dancing. Thats it."
"Just Gandhi doing the hokey pokey"
"Gandhi dancing"
"HOLYSHIT ITS A LION!!!!!!!"
"Too adorable"
"Hello there"
"When I see a spider (repost)"
"Call 911 now!!"
"HOLY SHIT ITS A LION!!!!!!! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"BEAST WARS"
"Winston Churchill  20 years old  February 1895 (x-post r/historyporn)"
"Oh no  not again.."
"Linda"
"Insert birthday cake"
"...okay"
"Following the instructions"
"When you see it...Brix will be shat"
"The best idea that Apple ever had."
"Microsoft Logic."
"Apple's production team meeting in a nutshell."
"My hopes for Black Ops 2"
"Browsing /r/new.."
"I agreed when my girlfriend said she had put on weight."
"Nick Romney has my vote."
"economy crisis? here  let me give you a little hand."
"ABS braking Explained."
"ABS: ON vs. OFF"
"Back to School - American style"
"Back to school essentials"
"Back to school UK kit"
"Back to school shopping. Kids these days have all the fun"
"Back to school."
"Who does'nt bring kitchen knives to school?"
"Back to school..."
"woaah! Knives and school????"
"School Supplies.....wait"
"I don't remember this being on my back to school list"
"Ok internet  I'm done with you for tonight...."
"Give us a kiss [Potentially NSFW]"
"Killing it 101"
"Seems Legit!"
"I think this belongs here"
"Cat fight"
"Push it to the limit..."
"For my cake day  I present to you: Fighting Cats!"
"Cat Fight"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on intelligent design"
"Neil Tyson on the stars"
"Pop Art Inspired Costume."
"Catch me!"
"Added music to complete r/funny's joke"
"Soulja Boy's next hit: Do the octopus!"
"The only sound that should go with this gif"
"I hate when cashiers make remarks..."
"I hate it when cashiers make remarks"
"Totally started the thick-framed glasses trend"
"Perfect troll"
"Wolf nomming on a watermelon"
"Wolf Eating a Watermelon [960 x 761]"
"To those who go on about their freakin' child on facebook every 5 seconds and those who go on about what they've done at the gym.."
"Sounds about right..."
"/b/ had a &quot;you wat you lose&quot; thread earlier. I thought you guys would enjoy these."
"iPhone 10"
"iPhone 10"
"The next iPhone."
"iPhone 10"
"this made my day"
"In honor of Ubisoft's claims of 95% piracy"
"How I feel about &quot;how I feel&quot; posts"
"Just when you thought the economy couldn't get worse..."
"6 000 rim jobs"
"6000 RIM jobs"
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"When You See It...."
"&quot;Fruit Roll-up&quot; homophobic hate crime comic from high school newspaper."
"Just washing my car..."
"All the other firemen hated Jesper"
"I think he was on break"
"A whole mess of aww"
"a Black and White Family"
"I will defend you always M'lady"
"Googled &quot;reddit couple&quot; to show my SO something and this popped up..."
"Wheres the fork? NSFW"
"My true hero! Wtf? Maybe NSFW"
"It's the season for family photos"
"She's Mine"
"Tahiti"
"Grumpy Cat responds to his fame"
"Whaaaa...?"
"Officer rescues kitty"
"If Battleship was a Hollywood movie  Twister will be a porno. [SFW]"
"He didn't think this through very well..."
"What my Halloween costume is going to be."
"sudden realisation"
"tic tacs"
"My life has been a lie....."
"Cat is having a seizure"
"MFW when I'm too slow to ALT+TAB out of porn page"
"I spy a CHEATER!"
"I spy a CHEATER!"
"Official poster of Israel's Holocaust Rememberance Day (Yom Hashoah) 2012"
"This poster for this year's Holocaust observance blows my mind grapes."
"the day 2chan moefied a map."
"Act cool  act cool  you're a freaking bazooka !!"
"Sums up 4chan"
"Flowchart of my life."
"Squiggly Squiggly"
"The look of my boss whenever I'm trying to take my keys and leave early"
"Meanwhile on Endor"
"double headshot!"
"How I feel when I post on Reddit twice in the same day.."
"You can't keep him down"
"Guile Theme Goes with EVERYTHING! Turn the video on for twice the fun"
"Favorite gif"
"How I feel when I had been saving a funny picture to post just for my cakeday  only to realize it was posted earlier by someone else..."
"Icecream"
"R.I.P Dad  i'll miss you."
"Oh dad. You shouldn't have."
"What if one day you woke up and..."
"Googled &quot;Well I wasn't expecting that&quot; Left satisfied."
"Max Level Reached"
"This man doesn't age."
"I see what you did there.."
"Damn I ate too much..."
"Ate too much and now i'm full..."
"How I feel about my New Years resolution. =\"
"TailSpin"
"Billy Mays"
"Bitch stole my fish!"
"Family Reunion?"
"Slenderman and Enderman have dinner"
"Just a Raccoon and Cat Hugging"
"Miley Cyrus topless. Seriously."
"Miley Cyrus...BOOBIES!"
"NSFW alleged Miley Cyrus nude. Reddit i need your help! Real or Fake?"
"Trading places."
"How sharing your stuff feels sometimes"
"They decided to change it up a bit..."
"Jazzgasm wallpaper 1900x1080 (made this from post in /r/music )"
"Only who is left..."
"Thread lead me to google 'Salami Nipples'. Cannot un-see."
"Carrot tits?"
"Cut my frog into pieces..."
"Spotted this driving home from work today..."
"Think of the children."
"Think of the children. (x-post)"
"Now We're the Lunatics??"
"You're a lizard  Harry"
"How I imagine quitting reddit would work."
"This little guy"
"My family is on vacation. This pretty much sums up my first breakfast"
"When I try to make simple foods"
"Not one single fuck was given that day."
"My god man  Heffalump country!!"
"Fear and Loathing Pooh"
"Strangely relevant"
"IT WAS HIM?!?!"
"Cakes that come from WalMart..."
"BURN IT! BURN IT WITH FIRE!"
"Kill it  kill it with fire..."
"Too hot for a walk."
"It's been too hot in Tennessee.."
"Keepin' Cool."
"Cooling down from that last heat wave"
"How do you beat the heat?"
"Just chilling out."
"This is called the asshole slice in the biz"
"How to drive a perfectionist crazy"
"/r/gaming today"
"How I see all hurricane sandy posts"
"Did you hear about Colorado?"
"I find this gif semi erotic"
"Foreplay after 10 years of marriage."
"I would totally join together with her."
"fake or real? but is intense"
"Dat Ass."
"Jackie Kennedy escaping the limo after her husband got shot."
"I don't care how much...just give me it (hydrofloors)"
"I now understand why some people don't like babies"
"No poops! No oops!"
"Worst idea ever"
"Ultimate Giraffe Championship."
"Let me come out slowly"
"That's a Penis!"
"Caught Red-Pawed!"
"How about six... or twenty then?"
"Your move  captcha..."
"Yoooooo Gabba Gabba!"
"lolololol"
"We got a badass over here."
"This is my boyfriend and I's relationship  now that he turned me on to Reddit"
"What I imagine when I see people liking their own Facebook status."
"How I feel about people that &quot;like&quot; their own Facebook posts."
"How it feels upvoting yourself with a dummy account"
"When my posts don't get a response..."
"How I view people who posts screenshots of themselves burning people on Facebook"
"When you repost this gif with a different title and receive karma"
"When none of your friends saw your successful post."
"How I feel seeing all my comments with 1 upvote"
"While coding at work today I heard a loud crash  looking outside revealed this..."
"Umm...opps..."
"Cutest nap I've ever seen."
"This agitates me beyond reason"
"Sometimes  your Uncle makes me come."
"If SOPA passes  Bender has a plan!"
"I'll go make my own religion..."
"Remember  don't drink and ride (SFW)"
"Oh shit... not again!"
"What you can find at the library"
"Saw this in my school's computer lab"
"trustworthy?!"
"He's probably just a lumberjack"
"I'm pretty sure this is how girls see me.."
"He might be waiting a long time.."
"Great Idea.."
"This is a pretty accurate representation of the relationship I have with my father.."
"My reaction to winning an argument with my GF"
"Browsing r/aww lately"
"Jesus Raves"
"Jesus died for our synths"
"Dj Christ"
"How I feel not drinking at college"
"Whenever I hear about Hurricane Sandy  this is all I can picture..."
"Baby Siberian Husky Sleeping"
"Siberian Baby Husky Sleeping"
"Corgi sleeping on its face!"
"DAT COMBO"
"Combo spanking!"
"My new hero"
"Taking full advantage of the moment."
"Spanking combo"
"A moth's wings have fake eyes to distract and intimidate predators."
"photo captures butterfly's wing perfectly to give skull an eye"
"Scariest butterfly skull you'll see this Halloween  yes that was a challenge"
"It's staring at your sould"
"It's a miracle!"
"And they say too much liquor is a bad thing...."
"Explains Reddit perfectly (xpost from r/fallout)"
"Wise Words"
"Wise words (x-post from /r/gaming)"
"Making christmas sweaters cool  bitches"
"Seems Legit."
"An honest mistake"
"An honest mistake [xpost/trees]"
"An Honest Mistake [Xpost from r/trees]"
"You weren't using this  were you?"
"Happy birthday!"
"Happy birthday indeed... [nsfw]"
"Happy birthday grandpa!"
"Jesus Killcam"
"Cheeeese"
"Ash Touch 'em"
"The true master of Pokemon training has been revealed"
"To do list"
"Sunrise at the North Pole with the moon at its closest point by Inga Nielsen"
"FWD: fw: FWD: fwd: fwd: Once in a lifetime picture!!!!"
"I see your 12 pandas  and raise you 14 sleeping pandas. Enough said."
"One does not simply get off of Mr. Bones' Wild Ride"
"I want to get off MR BONES WILD RIDE"
"This is not a painting"
"This is a Photo not a painting"
"Me  after coming across r/ladyboners for the first time"
"Don't EVEN give me none of that 'snooze' shit"
"Duckface precision."
"Why I hate checking orangereds"
"Deal with it..."
"Unusual overpass for crabs."
"I would love to know why people think Stephen Hawking is so smart..."
"It's a beaut  isn't it?"
"The Beatles as skaters.."
"Me until I see The Dark Knight Rises.."
"Camouflage"
"Poodle Camo..."
"Puppies feasting."
"A Typical Jenga Match"
"Pillow Used Collapse! It's Super Effective!"
"3am and kitty doesn't want to sleep?"
"Cute as Fuck"
"Duckface"
"I... uh..."
"This guy for sure loves his cat."
"What... (NSFW)"
"The gamer"
"Ice Matters - Anna Henly"
"All alone at the top of the world"
"When I was a kid my mom accidentaly bought me this instead of Pokemon Yellow. Loved her for it even more!"
"Map of countries by metal bands per capita"
"Awesome squirrel"
"What is this feeling?"
"What is love?"
"A mouse?! WHERE?!"
"Can't think of a title."
"Thought this belonged here. [x-post from r/trees] Yes  rtrees."
"Something to think about."
"This is so cute..."
"I don't think hamsters are supposed to do that."
"When one of my smart friends says something smart..."
"i still find this cute"
"OH I made a mistake just now..."
"Lets start hide and seek"
"Praising racoons"
"Swag"
"Every time I play battletoads."
"feelsgoodman.mp3"
"Ninja Goat attaaaack!"
"SOON"
"Photobomb level = Llamagraphy"
"soon.."
"Damnit  he's so interesting"
"The most interesting man in the world"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle IRL"
"Real TMNT"
"I died of laughter when i stumbled upon this"
"I miss the old Dumbledore"
"Business Penguin!"
"True emotions revealed"
"Its my birthday - I can feel agonizing excitement!"
"When my girlfriend is on my computer and I've forgotten to delete my History"
"When my girlfriend is on my computer and I've forgotten to delete my history (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"Pretty much how I look when I dance after drinking"
"Me dancing after drinking"
"Just some penguins wearing sweaters."
"Women and cats."
"Watermelon drums"
"Today I'm an owl."
"Leave me alone..."
"Meo...erm  i mean HOO"
"Leave me alone"
"dogs on acid"
"Respect"
"I will bow down as we welcome our robotic overlords"
"Respect"
"Old man magically changes clothes"
"Sieg Heil?"
"Reddit's wet dream"
"Googled &quot;Best cat picture on the internet&quot; not disappointed."
"Googled 'Internet in a picture.' not disappointed."
"Googled &quot;was not disappointed&quot; and well..."
"I was not disappointed"
"Googled &quot;Was not disappointed&quot;  was not disappointed."
"Fuck it  I'm Harry Potter"
"Daniel Radcliffe (x-post funny)"
"Daniel Radcliffe gets it [Fixed]"
"Looks like we know who the badass in our English class is...."
"serious buisness"
"I'M A GIRAFFE"
"Popped up in my newsfeed  thought you guys would like it"
"If it fits  I sits. Baby horse edition."
"How I feel Down voting my own posts"
"Happy 18th birthday!"
"Happy 18th Son!"
"Happy 18th birthday  son!!"
"We need this guy at the Olympics"
"How I feel about r/atheism sometimes."
"So....you double dare me  huh?"
"Move Your Body"
"Move your body (xpost from r/gifsound)"
"Move your body (xpost from r/gifsound)"
"My first crack at this. I had a good laugh  hopefully you do too."
"Every time I stumble across a dog on reddit."
"Getting someone back to zero."
"Whenever I see a Ron Swanson Gif"
"How I feel about dogs on reddit"
"What the hell kind of GD rabbit/schnauzer (?) is this?"
"I see your Venezuelan Poodle Moth and I raise you a Malagasy Aye-Aye."
"Evolution works in mysterious ways."
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"Sure thing spongebob"
"I will not be your father!"
"Too much internet for today..."
"Doughnuts... bitches."
"I Googled mortified look. This is what I got."
"Surround yourself in what makes you happy."
"On my news feed today."
"America FUCK YEAH!"
"When my hands are wet after going to the bathroom"
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills"
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills [FIXED]"
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills [fixed]"
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills..."
"That awkward moment when you wonder if the pay is really worth being on this side"
"Two workers fixing the Empire State Buildings Antenna."
"Just two guys hanging off of the top of the Empire State building"
"Antenna repairs on the Empire State Building"
"What are you doing?"
"The park ranger said &quot;Follow the sign to the path...&quot;"
"The sun is not enough?"
"In your kitchen..."
"Bacon Flowchart"
"I can't believe it's March already. I can still vividly remember celebrating New Year."
"Y U NO LIKE ME!"
"This IS Minecraft! [1920x1080]"
"This IS Minecraft! [1920x1080] X-post from r/gaming"
"This looks like a fun party but wtf is the Dad doing?"
"Bam  Bam  Bam!"
"Dat dropkick"
"What kind of cat is this?"
"Growth of Walmart........oh  wait"
"the truest part about Mario Party"
"What it feels like to play Mario Party sober"
"Almost as bad as monopoly."
"Don't quite remember this game.."
"???? - Profit!"
"Just some good  old-fashioned family... bonding?"
"What in the actual fuck"
"Whats all that red stuf.. OMG"
"Clever advertising"
"Dat look"
"Meanwhile  in Whimsyshire..."
"clever horse."
"Whenever RES glitches and shows subreddits i'm not subscribed to."
"Me during particular episodes of Spartacus"
"What i've noticed about several front page posts lately"
"How everyone apparently reacts to the Olympics Mascot"
"Not a good start..."
"How horrible this may be  this photo alway makes me laugh."
"I think this gif needs to be appreciated again! I've never laughed so hard!"
"The whole universe is conspiring against you"
"My favorite pic of Obama. I like to imagine he's snapping his fingers &amp; singing &quot;In The Still Of The Night.&quot; (xpost from /r/obama)"
"My favorite pic of Obama. I like to imagine he's snapping his fingers &amp; singing &quot;In The Still Of The Night.&quot;"
"I would've been straight in there."
"Rasta Elevator"
"Elevator Hotbox"
"After a series of unsuccessful posts..."
"How I feel when nobody laughs at my joke."
"When my posts don't make the front page"
"When I tell a joke and I'm the only one laughing."
"My favourite .gif &gt;:D"
"SpongeJeff GoldSquarebloom"
"All The New Traffic to /r/Gifsound and all of the Delicious Karma..."
"Probably a repost  but still awesome."
"Naughty classic lovers"
"The African Anti-Rape Condom...ouch"
"We did the chess on Splash Mountain pic on Saturday"
"Every time I go out in public and see people I know."
"ZOOOOOOOOOOM"
"Wheeeeee!"
"It's MYZ Pizza!!! And its iz DElizOUS!"
"I Fucking Love Pizza"
"ITAP of a teabag [fixed]"
"Red panda snow play"
"Red Pandas enjoying the snow!"
"How I felt when I finally quit my job."
"Kittens invasion against the vacuum failed"
"They have awoken the beast"
"How I'm hoping Obama shows up to his second inauguration."
"cat.exe has stopped working."
"A meme... about a meme... added to a meme. #winning"
"Back It Up"
"Backin' up"
"What the cats thinking"
"Dat ass"
"I would react the same way."
"WHAT TIME IS IT?"
"NOPE! NOPE! NOPE!"
"You should carve a Jesus into that."
"Nice one Patrick."
"Challenge accepted"
"4chan knows reddit all too well"
"Feeling down? Saddle up  It is the only cure."
"Crazy night?"
"Drunk Sarah Jessica Parker"
"Horse Power"
"I mustache you a question"
"Best Mustache Award Goes To...."
"I mustache you a question."
"Oh dayum"
"My first crush!"
"How I feel on a day like today"
"Oh  Grandma."
"Pelvic Thrust Genie."
"Double Standards.."
"Boys only"
"Boys only."
"Flee ohio"
"You know how they say pets look look like their owners. . ."
"Alright  who smoked up the dog?"
"Took this photo of a cute little baby at a wedding recently"
"The Washington Olympic Coast"
"Woman thought she won a Toyota. Instead..."
"What happens when you let guys bake [fixed] [fixed] [fixed]"
"Online Gaming First World Problems"
"Why I don't post to r/Atheism."
"I'm almost crying"
"I can't even pleasure myself adequately."
"I know this pain all too well."
"First world gamer problems"
"BAHAHA"
"I think I'll just leave this here..."
"Firecrackers..."
"1812 bathtub"
"The fuck..."
"This is war"
"I want a new version of this game!"
"Can We Please Bring This Back?"
"I can only imagine..."
"......wat"
"Like a plastic bag in the wind ..."
"A solution to the worlds energy problems"
"No more churros!"
"They told me no more churros..."
"I searched &quot;churros&quot; in images"
"Obamamelon"
"Star Trek Tennis [GIF]"
"forehead ping pong"
"I don't even know what to say here.. but.. LULZ"
"Awesome Peacock"
"Half-albino peacock?"
"Just a goat  tight walking on a rope  with a monkey riding on its back."
"Shots. The only thing that can make this creature acceptable."
"The funniest picture I have ever seen on Reddit."
"Definition of badass."
"Definition of Badass."
"A Bad Moutherfucker."
"nope."
"When a girl puts me in the friend-zone. (Repost from /gifs)"
"Checking the temperature of my shower in the morning..."
"Chameleon washing his hands"
"Chameleon washing his hands [gif]"
"&quot;You're gonna eat lightnin' and you're gonna crap thunder!&quot;"
"I haven't laughed that hard in months"
"..Can't think of a title  so take this. t('_'t)"
"Dancing Panda"
"The panda that will dance to any song you play  regardless of tempo."
"I'm so fresh"
"This panda will dance to any music."
"It's...beautiful"
"the hood"
"saw this on r/gifs and instantly thought of this song"
"dancing panda"
"Listen to any music while watching this panda."
"I'm in between candidates  but here's one thing that would make Obama a lot better."
"Me trying to reach 1200 elo again."
"Whenever somebody asks me what I do in my spare time..."
"Mother of God"
"Whenever someone pretends to give a shit"
"When I knew the acid was kicking in [FIXED]"
"My reaction after seeing The Dark Knight Rises (no spoiler)"
"Seeing an Olympic swimmer remove their swimming cap  only to reveal a second swimming cap."
"Being a Puerto Rican  this is how I felt browsing reddit today"
"My face when my 8-year old sister said we should make suits out of our neighbors skin  as a joke."
"Whenever I play Left 4 Dead and there's only one guy left alive at the end of the finale..."
"A Baby Hedgehog and Her Mother"
"I was in the mood to share a naked hedgehog with you  enjoy"
"Like Father  Like Son?"
"YAY!"
"Irony"
"how to train your dog"
"When my friend said &quot;I've seen almost every porn clip on the internet&quot;."
"MFW my friend said Romney should do an AMA on reddit"
"Whenever i see some get &quot;invited&quot; to Valve HQ"
"all the difference"
"all the difference"
"all the difference (x-post from comics)"
"All the difference. [x-post /r/comics]"
"When I discovered Reddit isn't blocked at my summer job"
"Who thought up this design?"
"Sacks Of Love."
"Sacks of love of sacks of love [FTFY]"
"Arg  let us not forget what t'day be!"
"It's finally so far mates! Go get some rum y'aarrrr. (#.o)"
"You should know today is....ANNUAL TALK LIKE A PIRATE DAY!!!!"
"Sweet Dreams"
"what its like when I go down on a girl."
"Firefox + Windows. - Imgur"
"Heh."
"Me going down on a girl"
"This puppy's with a baby  puppies love babies"
"Check to Verizon: &quot;What now  bitches?&quot;"
"Check to Verizon: &quot;What now  bitches?&quot;"
"Get your own!"
"&quot;But I said give to the needy&quot; - Jesus"
"Carrot bukkake (SFW)"
"As a 15 year old who cuts lawns  I want this."
"Chinese foot binding - the toes were broken and folded under the foot."
"I see your weird toes and raise you this..."
"Chinese foot binding - What it looks like unwrapped."
"Miley Fucking Cyrus? WTF? Are you kidding me?"
"Time spent in the shower"
"I am going to post this... and see what happen"
"Christian book store wants you to keep your children close"
"Hey R/WTF  I see you guys have been complaining (again) that this sub has gotten a little vanilla. I think this belongs here. (SFW)"
"grampa no!"
"I...I just...."
"Nope"
"When I try to wake up my boyfriend"
"Reddit is back!"
"Happy Star Wars! [Fixed]"
"Happy Star Wars [Fixed][Fixed]"
"Do you remember  obi wan?"
"The Jitterbug"
"Just got my first post with a 100+ upvotes yesterday. How I'm feeling today"
"IDGAF"
"I think this has a better ring to it."
"A modern day warrior named Tom Sawyer"
"Gui Gon Michael"
"How to remove a wedgie in public"
"Africa Face."
"I just pound the drum and do the Africa face"
"Pianissimo!"
"Why  Just Why? Pigeon Costume."
"Forever Alone Donkey"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Stock photos revealed"
"Stock Photos In a Nutshell"
"Young Christopher Walken"
"A Nom a Nom. Doo doo da doo doo. A Nom a Nom."
"Coolest Cupcakes Ever?"
"Muppet Cakes"
"89 years later still..."
"An international school teacher throws a question..."
"the most epic picture ever taken"
"ode to the apes"
"I googled &quot;least awesome image ever&quot;. I was very disappointed."
"Just normal day in Harlem"
"More tragic news in the music industry today"
"Gervais on burden of proof."
"The content of this post will not surprise you in any way."
"Come at me bro!"
"Spoonie legit!"
"Jay-Z got it all wrong man. I got 99 problems and they all bitches."
"Camacho 2012. Somebody you can believe in."
"Every time I post outside of r/trees. [3]"
"my dog playing with the neighbors cat AWWWWWWWW"
"Dayummm  girl."
"How I feel eating with people much classier than myself."
"Being a collegiate swimmer in Portland (swim starts in spetember) WE HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 4AM"
"New monkey found in Kenya - looks like a stoned Gremlin."
"I'm a rare monkey...you probably never heard of me..."
"NOPE"
"NOPE."
"Thunderheads over the Grand Canyon"
"Grand Canyon during a lightning storm"
"instant regret"
"Calvin explains the economy"
"A 20 year old comic strip explains corporate America to us..."
"Calvin and Hobbes explain corporations"
"Looks like Calvin &amp; Hobbes need a bailout"
"DO NOT WANT"
"Frozone."
"Ill just leave you right here Mr. Frozone."
"WANTED: For rampaging all over reddit."
"Two llamas"
"There there..."
"Now friends  later not necessarily"
"Looks like Peter Parker has a cat"
"I'll take the escalator"
"What..The...Fuck..... ouch? NSFW/NSFL"
"A baby Macaque can easily be the most adorable 80yr old man-hobbit"
"Whenever I see 'Please read' in a title."
"Just finished my final exam for this year"
"Jesus cat"
"This is not where I parked my car......"
"Oh yeah  right there"
"Koala (b)ear(s)"
"Koala (b)ear(s)"
"Mmmm That's Good!"
"I could get used to this!"
"How Reddit feels everytime theres a new Hobbit anything"
"Louie C.K. is the master....bator"
"Oh Louie..."
"A little bit of Star Wars toy history. It has been in my aunt's yard for decades."
"Hot and sweaty in the gym"
"Who needs Jeremy Wade?"
"Not a biggie  just a 22 foot  2500 pound crocodile"
"22 ft - 2 500lb crocodile caught in Africa just off the Niger River."
"They killed this in my friends hometown back in Africa...."
"croc in sudan...is this wtf?"
"Shark swimming in a school of fish"
"Jaws mashup"
"When I try to make new friends..."
"Trapped Nature - Really cool art installation"
"&quot;Urban Nature&quot;"
"It makes sense but...."
"Seems legit..."
"Chill  I got this!"
"how i feel when my friends are behind me in a fight"
"When you call your friend out in a group and you remember they have blackmail on you."
"Certainly not my best photoshop  but it had to be done."
"Zombie snowmen"
"Dead snow?"
"Zombie Snowmen. (X-post from r/funny)"
"Rise of the dead"
"kittie collection album ~ dawww abound"
"Meet EmmyLou  on her first river adventure."
"My new pup"
"Jesus was not a zombie"
"Just my favorite foods."
"In response to &quot;I guess you'll find out if hell is real eventually  won't you?&quot;"
"Truth"
"Overheating"
"Epicurus got it"
"Lizard hair"
"Lizard Haircut"
"The mullet may have met its match."
"Unusually clever hairstyle"
"Amputee On Break During a Training Session Helping US Troops for Psychological Battle Readiness [NSFL]"
"Pow... right in the kisser"
"Pow.. right in the kisser!"
"Oh.. It's still Thursday..."
"How sensible me feels today."
"Me when I think it's Friday"
"Fuck this shit its Friday!"
"There's no way that any person feels differently than this"
"Fuck this shit!!"
"How I Feel Today."
"Quite possibly the cutest hybrid ever"
"I see your Corgi-German Shepard Mix and raise you a Corgi-Husky."
"Ever seen a Corgi-Husky mix?"
"Cutest bunny ever"
"A masterpiece"
"$1200 knife"
"I just realized I missed my Cake Day. So  a little bit late  I present: Poor Pikachu"
"How to make a man happy and unhappy at the same time..."
"Give this man his taco!"
"Logging on and discovering that one of my posts has exploded"
"Thanks to netflix i know the origin of this"
"How my friend reacted when I told him I've had the same laptop as my only computer for 6 years."
"How I imagine England will react when Will and Kate have their baby [FIXED]"
"My only question about Beyonce's lip synced anthem..."
"Mr. T Mobile"
"Just T-Mobile's new logo"
"Mr. T-Mobile"
"At first I was  'aaahhh'  then I was &quot;AAAAAAGGH!&quot;"
"Dirty Little Bugger"
"Ummmm.. right"
"I know  Jesus. I know."
"I know  Jesus. I know."
"Gorge Road BMX Jump Park"
"Saw this a while ago  I'm still laughing."
"No matter the day  this usually can stand to give me a chuckle."
"Can't and don't want to unsee!"
"The Young Batman"
"Batmans only meal."
"Iron Mike nearly takes a head off with uppercut"
"No really. I don't mind if you sit here."
"Best.Takedown.Ever."
"Shit just got real."
"i never felt this way before...and i owe it all to you."
"How I feel seeing all of these Muhammed pictures after all of the Riots"
"My sister died in a car accident..."
"Is anyone else aroused by this?"
"Strangely arousing..."
"Patrick Stewart - Can't be unseen!"
"I was looking for an angry gif but ran into this..."
"Asked my friend for his new address and he sent me this gif in response. I think he might be high..."
"So long  and thanks for all the AOW FUCK!!!"
"Why not ZOIDBERG!?!"
"Need a kraken? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Someone Attacking Your Ship? Why Not Zoidberg?"
"Guess he saw two kittens cuddling and couldn't resist the karma"
"They will love it son...they will love it!"
"Someone explain this bullshit to me."
"Seriously?!"
"How did this happen? I don't even..."
"Just a picture of an eagle looking at a trout stuck in an ice cube."
"Do you think this is a mother fucking game?"
"Here's a profile picture I shot of my friend for Facebook."
"Oh the party was LAST night?! I'll be there."
"You shut your beak. You shut it right now!"
"STFU!"
"Just a little more Awwwww .."
"Everytime I am losing an argument"
"PIDGEY USES"
"My favorite Dale moment"
"Whenever I lose an argument in comments."
"Baloo Busts one all over my Childhood."
"Dogs taking animal fitness to a new level"
"He does it better than most people."
"Titanic vs. Noah’s Ark"
"Male Chastity Belt"
"Post the scariest picture you've seen. Here's mine:"
"I really hate the fact that this thing is real."
"holy shit"
"I fucking love sweeping!"
"Sweeping"
"how I feel being the only one who cleans in my house."
"How I feel being the only one to clean the house"
"don't bite mommy"
"No! Don't go!"
"this was posted to my friends timeline. WTF"
"A peek into the life of Kanye West"
"Best burrito ever"
"Nunchaku table tennis"
"lol ._."
"HIFW I take the kids I babysit out to lunch"
"Perfection [gif]"
"I see what you did there  Sheldon."
"Reddit......full of normal people. We're not crazy; our mothers had us tested when we were kids."
"Every time friends show me a new link"
"When someone next to me says YOLO"
"Yes Fox News  yes they are."
"Just found this comic."
"It is not a clever app."
"I spent all year trying to find something funny to post for my first cake day...."
"3 Brazilian Soldiers"
"Abraham Lincoln portrait  colorized"
"the burbs"
"Feed me!"
"How I feel after reading the whole of the Higgs Boson Wikipedia page"
"Most American Picture Ever"
"I'm never having kids."
"Parenting will be easy they said."
"Charlie Sheen's got nothin' on this guy"
"what im about to do if i keep seeing new stories about &quot;zombies&quot;"
"Every time Windows Update pops up just as i'm about to hit &quot;Enter&quot;"
"When my computer magically deleted RES yesterday"
"Realizing someone made the exact same comment you did immediately after posting it"
"when I see a post I put off uploading  for not being good enough make it to the front page."
"James Spader"
"Seems legit..."
"No one will make fun of me anymore..."
"spiderman"
"How I feel about Communtiy coming back tonight"
"Scrolling through reddit and r/spaceclops comes up"
"thats it you're going down"
"i just want to hug all the things!!"
"Just a sloth being a sloth."
"Mr. Bigglesworth has really seemed to let himself go. [NSFW]"
"My cat was out laying in the sun. I was definitely not thinking about Battlefield."
"My cat was out laying in the sun too. I was definitely not thinking about Battlefield."
"Just catching some rays..."
"Somebunny's just a little shy."
"Nananananananana....PUMKIN!!!"
"I wouldn't even dare try"
"Pizza delivery dog has no idea what he's doing."
"I should have tried this at school"
"No shave November..."
"Looking for wallpapers on 4chan is a bad idea."
"Damn floors"
"How I feel about re-posts"
"Lost world: Mount Roraima  South America. 31 km2 area defended by 400-metre-tall cliffs on all sides"
"So close"
"Lets Keep It That Way."
"The saddest scene I've ever seen."
"This is the saddest thing I have ever seen on the internet"
"Omnomnomno... Gimme that!!!"
"Here By the Sea and Sand"
"The &quot;I have no idea what I'm doing&quot; chemistry dog without text"
"How I felt when my girlfriend confessed to being a hipster"
"SOON."
"You promised not to tell."
"Kitty sense tingling"
"Bush Viper Snake (x-post from r/pics) [1280 × 800]"
"The funniest note I have seen a 3rd grader do....."
"I like hores"
"United Steak of America"
"Like a Boss"
"Like a Boss"
"Take 'em"
"Take life by the balls (nsfw cartoon bawls)"
"googled redditor and found this  seems about right"
"Atheist response to a religious heckler"
"And you complain when I laugh at you?"
"Wine me dine me Title IX me!"
"Thou shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain..."
"interesting restaurant"
"The power to say no when everyone says yes"
"Dude had balls."
"Come on every body!"
"Kids Today"
"I SAID.....GIVE ME ALL YOUR MARBLES!!"
"Proud dog after finding a lost 3 year old"
"Proud dog after finding a lost 3 year old"
"Proud dog after finding a lost 3 year old"
"Ooh... so close."
"Finally!!!"
"The bad part of picking any name"
"The Look On Neil Armstrong's Face After First Lunar Landing [PIC]"
"Here is a picture of Neil Armstrong right after his first e.v.a. on the moon."
"Ultimate White Girl Problem"
"Pomeranian Hot Tub"
"Bath Time"
"It's memory foam"
"Death is nothing"
"a breastfeeding boat"
"Parents"
"Edumacation."
"I like my violence how I like my beer"
"'Merica (Happy 4th)"
"Happy 4th"
"I see you trying to cheer up the grumpy cat and raise you ecstatic cat."
"I tried to cheer up grumpy cat in photoshop. It did not turn out well."
"My attempt at cheering up Grumpy Cat."
"I tried to cheer up Grumpy Cat. It didn't turn out too well."
"Successfully cheered up &quot;Grumpy Cat&quot;"
"Now excuse me  after the recent frontpage for this cat  when did this become WTF material?"
"Your cats face just made me sad. I fixed it!"
"My friend's grumpy cat"
"End Of The World"
"Meanwhile in Russia: Grumpy Cat edition"
"Bet you can't up vote it."
"After I told my parents I had a minor heart attack at work today. My dad responded with this."
"Conformity"
"This just...works."
"One of the best board games I played as a kid."
"new Jerry Sandusky movie"
"I thought the thumbnail was WTF  then I seen the bigger version."
"Woah! That's a huge...wait  huh?"
"I think she likes Fruit Loops just a little too much"
"good cereal"
"my dogs stared at me as I laughed way too hard"
"why yes  this is how small fawns are"
"I looked"
"Frank Sinatra's Burger Recipe"
"How Banks Work"
"I'm already on the roster."
"Best camp ever."
"I mustache you a question"
"Easy Inverse Weave Tutorial!"
"Meet Patrick..."
"Meaningful tattoo. (US Military)"
"How I feel every time I get an upvote."
"I just realized tomorrow is my cakeday..."
"My face when my mom told me a kid was fapping in her Pre-K Class"
"not sure if catching diseases or pokemon"
"Get into my pants. (Safe for Work)"
"Call that a slurpee cup? This is a slurpee cup. 'Straya."
"I'll see your BYO Slurpee cup... and raise you Slurpee MEGA BUCKET!"
"I see your BYO cup 7/11 guy and raise you this gentleman!"
"You can bring any sized cup to 7/11 for a 99 cent Slurpee  I brought my favorite cup..."
"I see your 7/11 free slurpee day cup and raise you mine"
"dat baby!!!!!!!"
"Blood in  Blood out..."
"I dont know what to say"
"Sarah Jessica Parker running"
"Series of photos showing the exact moment a tank shell hits Syrian rebels"
"That statue is gifted"
"Bad Barney"
"Mr. Miyagi 2nd picture on Google images  I want to be remebered this way too!"
"Am I doing this right?"
"HELP! I've fallen and I can't get up...err um get down!"
"Somebody forgot how an escalator works"
"People's Karma on their birthday with a shitty post..."
"That escalated quickly"
"They might be right..."
"Just saw this gem"
"Arrow to the Knee"
"The Twilight Saga: Broke Back Dawn"
"Celery... who knew?"
"Birds man  birds."
"The evolution of video game controllers"
"Evolution of Video Game Controllers"
"how many of them do you own?"
"Wise man from Far East"
"Don't wake the other Bears."
"Shhhhh..."
"I wish THESE guys would do Olympic commentary..."
"I present to you  an elephant in a raincoat."
"mmm sexy"
"I feel so terrible about this..."
"High resolution picture of an ant biting a finger."
"Nope"
"Made me laugh several times today... from AnimalsBeingDicks"
"Quick  Follow Meeee-OH GOD!"
"Whenever I try to play sports with my sporty friends"
"Congrats!"
"Not Photoshopped"
"On the set of &quot;The Dark Knight&quot;"
"Please be real  please be real  please be real..."
"Best Fb gem I've seen since a while"
"Show Me Your Kitties!"
"Not sure if I've figured out reddit yet."
"Pretty Awesome statues."
"The Illusion of Movement"
"Too much crazy for one photo"
"Every time I take gum out in front of my friends [FIXED]"
"How I think the rest of the world views Iran's threats to disconnect from the Internet."
"Felix Baumgartne is going to jump from 120 000ft?"
"After all of these years  this scene is still incredibly funny."
"I call Bullshit!"
"LPT: x-post r/funny - How to fold bed sheets"
"Go home  Pandora. You're drunk."
"Stop it Pandora  You're Drunk"
"google search for tongue rings  this showed up... the fuck??"
"This belongs here"
"I GOT THIS..I GOT THIS...OH SHI-"
"That's an interesting gun....oh shiii...."
"O_o"
"I'll just leave this here."
"No! Bad Hose!"
"Captain Hook"
"Captain Hook"
"An early Christmas  and some beer pong."
"Beer pong just got a little more interesting"
"Santa Clause is coming to town"
"Worth It [gif]"
"Beer Pong?"
"Well that's a valid selling point"
"When my brother's grades got the xbox taken away...."
"When a link goes to the front page and the servers become overloaded and crash"
"Call JG Wentworth"
"Obesity here I come!"
"Who eats this?"
"Food for thought"
"An ice formation that looks like a human hand [x-post from r/pics]"
"How I spent my time while reddit was down!"
"I don't know what this is but it's so cute."
"Parkour Cat needs no gravity!"
"That turtle."
"turtle"
"Every birthday of my protected and deprived child life.."
"My new favorite sports fan..."
"The next logical progression..."
"Ancient Monastery in Armenia"
"X-post from r/funny!"
"For my cake day I give you The Bus Knight  the most popular image on r/funny  reposted."
"This guy is my hero"
"This is how the danish police keep themselves busy"
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his pet cat."
"Wold smallest man dancing with his cat"
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his cat."
"A child genius."
"I see your Horsetail falls all lighted up like fire  and I raise you with LAVA falls."
"Found any shopped images in reddit lately? Now there's a place to put them up - /r/PhotoEdited/"
"A little Jesus comic I made in High School (repost from r/ImGoingToHellForThis)"
"Jesus makes cannibalism acceptable! (x-post from r/WTF)"
"MRI of an Artichoke"
"Last Words"
"free climbing the Yosemite Half Dome"
"Alex Honnold."
"How is THIS possible? [ fixed ]"
"Probably one of my favourite pictures on the internet."
"Still the funniest screen cap I've ever seen."
"Beer does that too!"
"I guess makeup makes a difference sometimes"
"How I feel on payday."
"This may be the cutest bunny i've ever seen"
"Ateithists  if there no god why do mamals pray to him? Answer me this  god haters."
"Just a hedgehog with a raspberry"
"I made a small .gif collection of high fives. Enjoy!"
"Oh really christian?"
"My Thinking Spot."
"The tellytubbies have changed.."
"Drive By"
"Saw this on r/WTF and thought r/TLA would appreciate it."
"Good  Better  Best"
"how a redditor assassinates someone"
"What a cute dog"
"Happens to me too often"
"How i feel at the beach after winter"
"highway to hell"
"Canadian Car Chase"
"Canadian police chase"
"The first time a girl asked me to finger her  this is how I replied."
"IKEA Jesus"
"Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi!"
"Remember this game?"
"The Oldest Gaming Troll You and I Know."
"Stary KNIGHT."
"Hah! you better have burn heal!"
"Determined?!?"
"I'll see your Texas pic  and raise you California"
"America  fuck yeah! [fixed]"
"Gramma Nazi"
"OMFG Grandma  no!"
"Meanwhile in Germany..."
"Just baking National Socialist Cookies"
"Why are signs so rude...?"
"One megabite"
"These inbreds disgust me"
"Rape victim."
"Swallowing a light bulb"
"Cuban tree frog  eating a lightbulb."
"Just a frog who has eaten a light"
"A special kind of christmas light"
"Cuban tree frog."
"Batman is not playing along"
"Hilarious  yet kind of creppy."
"Tried to look for mario piranha plant  get this..."
"Found this gem on my FB news feed. She was hungry?"
"I shouldn't see this if I'm not looking for it"
"Wow  I can totally relate!"
"ultra-condensed version of Shakespeare's &quot;Othello&quot;"
"&quot;We stopped checking for monsters under our beds...&quot; [1200x800]"
"Artist removes the growth rings on trees to reveal what they looked like in their youth"
"Artist Giuseppe Penone removes the growth rings on trees to reveal what they looked like in their youth."
"Leader of the master lace  the knotsies"
"Leader of the master lace  the knotsies"
"How to brush like a man"
"How to brush like a man"
"A sci-fi horror for cat owners"
"The Internet has ruined me"
"Barack goes Renaissance"
"First link I remember clicking on Reddit. I knew I was gonna be here for a long here time."
"Sorry  I don't like midgets"
"Incoming!!"
"Just a fluff-nugget."
"Anyone know what this cute baby is?"
"Little Baby Bunny"
"What all of the kids are saying these days.."
"&quot;Let's kill a bum.&quot;"
"OMGB"
"DLOD"
"Probably the best thing I've seen ever"
"Dogs Jump Roping"
"How I see people who go on 9gag"
"What percentage of &quot;Aww&quot; do baby lions get compared to cats ?"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Well that was unexpected...."
"Fattest baby penguin you'll ever see."
"Taking a dip."
"Peace."
"Out of Town"
"This is the kind of saviour I can get behind"
"Jesus on judgement day."
"What In The Heck Is Going On?"
"I...did not see that coming"
"Oh.. it's OK  I can hold til I get back home.. No  really!"
"Nope!"
"NOPE  mate! Australian restroom horror."
"Hell no."
"whole shitload of nope!"
"A Redditors worst nightmare: Spider infested toilet!"
"The rapiest album cover ever"
"Have at you!"
"Gary Busey's gonna get you."
"By far my favorite Zach Braff quote"
"Johnny Cash performing for prisoners at Folsom Prison - Jan. 13th 1968 [1 078×1 600]"
"Johnny Cash performing for prisoners at Folsom Prison 1968 (x-post from r/HistoryPorn)"
"May have exceeded my bandwidth limit on this one..."
"Maybe I should get a bigger hard drive..."
"lolinternet"
"How my days off generally go.."
"How my days are when I have to write a paper"
"Super cute baby spider"
"Rip In ‘Space-Time Vortex’ Over Russian City !"
"Cleveland Orchestra doing Halloween right"
"Low five!"
"Low Five"
"The Mortified Punter"
"Just a friendly cat here to remind you that even your wildest dreams can come true."
"You know your cat is in cat heaven when.."
"i see your board games and raise you one console"
"Clever advertising (possibly nsfw)"
"Public Pleasure"
"We usually settle things in the streets  but Sandy had us improvising."
"We usually settle things in the streets  but Sandy had us improvising."
"Gf and I did Chun-Li and Ryu. Not too shabby methinks."
"Finally  politics that make sense."
"I'm going to hell for laughing"
"Yep  going to hell..."
"NYC Goes From Day to Night in One Frame"
"New York City - Day to night in one amazing photo"
"Incredible Day and Night Combined Photos of New York City by Stephen Wilkes (album)"
"Felt this went a little better"
"1...2...3...FIGHT (FIXED)"
"Guile's Theme..."
"YOUR NOTHING!"
"High kick Pow!"
"Ghetto wars"
"LARPing was just begging for sound"
"Uphands"
"I'd do the same thing  honestly."
"Flying Scorpions"
"Just found out Snooki was pregnant. This was the first thing I thought of."
"Found this a while back. It's been on my computer ever since. (1920X1080)"
"How i feel down voting a post on the front page"
"xoxo Gale (Spoiler alert!)"
"Gingers . . . do want"
"Wildfires continue to rage through Texas"
"A Venn Diagram"
"How to be a turn on and a turn off at the same time SFW"
"Whatever she did was one HELL of a drug."
"Just a regular motorcyclist in Japan"
"Busted"
"I've been with this girl for some time but I can't figure out which one she is  duck or rabbit (x-post from r/WTF)."
"Duck or Rabbit?"
"The Rabbit or the Duck?"
"Made this after a friend didn't believe so many Pixar films were in the IMDB top 250"
"Woody is horny"
"Woody has something to tell the world"
"10/11/12 Happy National Coming Out Day!"
"So I expected that reddit wasn't down anymore"
"Jim Carrey's bad touch"
"Most redditors"
"Facepalm"
"Imminent tornado: A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska [pic]"
"Imminent: A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska [1247x787]"
"A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska  photographed by Camille Seaman on June 22  2012. (© Camille Seaman) [1247×787]"
"Kitteh"
"When your post gets 4 downvotes immediately"
"And the Father of the year award goes to ..."
"Halloween....'MURICA"
"Is this inappropriate ?"
"Father of the Year?"
"Halloween father of year"
"Gotta teach the kids what Halloween is really about as early as possible."
"Not right."
"Most awesome dad ever."
"Most awesome dad ever."
"Ouch! My brain..."
"Only 20 bucks? Send me three pairs!"
"Feel the adrenaline"
"mind = blown. Facts about you."
"A reminder of how amazing humans are."
"Mind Blown."
"I could never even dream to attain such level of class."
"HARDCORE CHRISTIAN!!"
"Hardcore Christian..."
"This really happened to me today [FB]"
"Maybe she always looked like she was always trying to catch fly's."
"So much for trying so hard...Forever Alone"
"Instagram poetry"
"Just passing along this helpful Safety Tip!"
"Can reddit help identify an animal abuser? This was in Staten Island."
"Overly Attach Girlfriend Level"
"Best description that I've seen of today's bigotry celebration at Chic-Fil-A."
"She does her country proud"
"Why don't christian woman understand this fundamental flaw in not supporting gay rights? [FB]"
"My Facebook news feed is filled with people bragging about their Chik-Fil-A visits today. I think my status pretty elegantly sums up how I feel."
"Would you like those mashed or baked? [FB]"
"Sometimes learning is brutal"
"HOMIE  IT'S ONLY 15 MINS"
"X-post from facepalm... more WTF"
"&quot;Mothers who breastfeed their boy babies need to stop&quot;"
"The latest in child apparel"
"Lil' Beiber"
"Ahm... I don't even know..."
"Got my christian friend addicted to reddit"
"Tony Stark's new suit spotted on 'Iron Man 3' Set in Miami"
"Ignorance at its finest! (facebook)"
"Yep  this pretty much sums it up"
"You wouldn't download rain"
"Batman's Day Off"
"Party like it's 1986!"
"Ohh! Ohh! Pick me!"
"How do you make a panda even cuter? Shrink it!"
"Raise your hand if you're cute."
"Baby panda"
"Baby panda"
"Pick me!"
"I'm Sexy and I Know It"
"Woodstock 1969"
"Not your typical ladies shoes"
"I like the idea of goat feet… but how can i make them better…"
"This still creeps the fuck out of me"
"Presidential Krabby Patties"
"Obama appreciates Pirates"
"New ways to get pregnant"
"Ovewhelming stupidity. This can't be true."
"Seems legit..."
"How the virgin birth theory started...when a young woman lied to her man."
"Seems pretty legit."
"&quot;With the technology of today  everything is possible&quot;"
"i request a sequel. right. the fuck. now. ........................ please?"
"Forget all these 3 games  I just want a number 2!"
"Oh."
"This is porn!"
"Obama riding an unicorn and shooting rainbows from his hands... that is all"
"That's not how I remember him.."
"Beagles are awesome! - Proof"
"To catch a ball"
"To catch a ball"
"Its just not her day"
"Doesn't matter had sex"
"The bathroom sign at work"
"Motorcycle hits suv head on"
"Squirrels"
"Want a squirrel hug?"
"My girlfriend wants to get one of these lil guys"
"Just Jesus breaking out his dance moves."
"just Jesus break dancing...."
"Saw this on WTF reddit  made me chuckle"
"Street Dance???"
"Yo. I died for your sins  motherfucker."
"&quot;Just as the Son of Man did not come to be served  but to serve!&quot;"
"How I feel when I wake up the next day to see that one of my posts did well on Reddit."
"Starting college tomorrow."
"Whenever I see that orange glow around my Reddit inbox..."
"Man is recovering from a modern-day case of Bubonic Plague"
"Apparently the bubonic plague is alive and well"
"Grasshopper eating a carrot"
"I'm still scared of these nz monsters..."
"Cool outdoor pool table"
"Disrespectin"
"What I want to do when I'm stuck behind a bus"
"Loki enjoys some spaghetti (x-post from r/avengers)"
"Spaghetti"
"Somehow  I don't think he meant for this to happen..."
"Probably the Worst Luck of All Time. [GIF]"
"Who doesn't like seeing kids wipe out?"
"Trying to make the front page."
"I think it's only a matter of time before this becomes the face of a Sandy Relief Fund."
"Sadimir Poutin'"
"What I think about r/atheism"
"Today I learned the feeling of making a grammatical error on reddit NEVER AGAIN!!!!"
"Lucy's view of four amazing musicians."
"Evolving er.. outwards."
"Damnit People Wall*E Warned Us! You Just Didn't Listen!"
"Evolution of man"
"Touch my tongue  I smile!"
"Dat Face"
"When Someone Wakes Me Up"
"When Someone Wakes Me Up"
"not mine  but cute nonetheless"
"It's tough being the CEO of Reddit. [FIXED]"
"Like a BOSS"
"Just another day..."
"Kitty Spleen"
"I guess everyone has those days."
"The Trinity explosion  16 milliseconds after detonation."
"I'd imagine this is what heaven is like"
"This was pretty much my reaction to this Gif..."
"That may be a bit of a problem Darren..."
"poor Darren"
"My kittens formed a yin and yang heart"
"Kittens sleeping in a heart shaped Ying and Yang."
"Afroman"
"It's a cookie."
"Memories..."
"THIS stuff"
"I abide all of this"
"I call hacks"
"I felt like this belonged here"
"When Imgur is down..."
"Stumbled in to 9GAG and I couldn't find a downvote button."
"Adam Sandler has found the solution."
"So that's why I felt funny this morning..."
"What I want for Christmas"
"Oh Clarkson you've done it again"
"Sympathy for Manti Te'o"
"If you having girl problems  I feel bad for you son..."
"Just started watching Game of Thrones"
"Logged of reddit for ONE hour and missed Obama's AMA"
"Suddenly... A wild oven appears"
"Dad at Justin Beiber concert"
"Are these really appropriate for children?"
"Smelly Balls"
"Mulan"
"you mean...Scrabble?"
"I present you to Turtle Burgers (no turtles were harmed in the making of these burgers)"
"meanwhile in canada..."
"This story has no bologna"
"I'm outta here"
"How to give a 7 year-old a panic attack"
"Used to hate these as a kid. Now I'm tempted to print one out for ole times' sake"
"&quot;Where you will find me at parties...&quot;"
"What happens whenever an attractive woman makes an online dating profile..."
"Wrong Neighborhood Motherfucker...."
"Stay positive Reddit."
"Being a realist"
"I have made it a tradition to play this every 9/11 anniversary. America  fuck yea."
"Teacher fail!"
"If you're wearing a bikini  where do you put your poke balls?"
"Pokemon writers.... Why?!?"
"A girls secret . . . ."
"Who came up with these dialogues?"
"Who came up with these dialogues?"
"Mother of god..."
"I made the exact face"
"I think it'll really class up the dining room."
"What an unfortunately shaped chandelier"
"Whatcha thinkin about?"
"What? NO!"
"When I discover the roommates ate all my peanut butter"
"I bet they have a nice spread."
"Best of a bad paid for photo"
"Life Hacks"
"How I imagine the border of Colorado looks today."
"Still my favorite picture on the interwebs"
"POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS mad at POTATO-IN-MY-ANUS - I cringed at &quot;you foolish little cupcake&quot;"
"And he gets the gold!"
"Made this at a [7]. Mitt Romney"
"This St. Paddy's let us all take a moment of silence for our friend  the Fucked Leprechaun (in before Dirty thieves repost my OC...Again)"
"I figured this should be here (from /funny)"
"Thought you'd get gold didn't you? (x-post from r/PerfectTiming)"
"No gold for you!"
"Malaysian man with rare skin disease."
"Flipping through channels  saw a show titled 'The Bubbleman'. This is not what I expected."
"How I reacted when I found out Neil Patrick Harris is gay."
"Today  I finally snapped  and lost control."
"Proof that atheists conspired with Hitler"
"Hitler meeting the Pope"
"Asshole Cat"
"Troll kitty is wins all the things."
"Get your shit off my shelf"
"Inflatable Unicorn Horn for Cats"
"Inflatable unicorn horn for cats!"
"Cats love it!"
"Anyone in need of karma?"
"Cleaver bus advertisement."
"Clever Bus Advertisement."
"Hey guyz what about us???"
"mmm...bacon"
"Bacon"
"Living Bacon"
"Crime: Breaking the Internet. Verdict: Guilty"
"what it feels like watching your pet gets down voted in /r/aww"
"every time you downvote a dog photo"
"How I feel downvoting in r/aww."
"What it feels like unsubscribing from r/aww"
"The first picture i found online that made a little wee come out. Remember this?"
"At first I was all...But then I was like..."
"GOP logic...."
"This may be my new all time favourite meme picture"
"Ronald Reagan riding a raptor... This belongs here."
"Ronald Reagan on a Velociraptor for the 4th"
"Album of American presidents and notable figures being awesome."
"Happy 4th of July."
"Happy 4th  Reddit. I give you the greatest American presidents."
"Happy 'merica Day."
"The Original Badass."
"This Is America!"
"'murica (x-post r/funny)"
"'MERICA !!!"
"How I feel as a conservative on r/politics"
"'Merica"
"MERICA"
"OBAMA=BAMF"
"Please tell me you read these epic novels as a kid"
"Thanks for this  scholastic book fair"
"My favorite book series as a kid"
"My favorite book growing up"
"Make donations where they count"
"TF: Libya"
"Let me play you the song of my people.."
"The best photograph on the Internet"
"I don't know the context of this but it's kind of hilarious"
"Level 12 Bard."
"was looking for &quot;watch out&quot; pics when this came up"
"Constant cosplay: Krang stomach tattoo"
"harry potter win"
"Bath time"
"oh  just standing around..."
"The world's sexiest past time revisted..."
"How I Feel When I Try To Look Cool In Front Of Women"
"This is the only true Ash  all other Ash's are false prophets before the almighty master."
"Trying to explain to my GF why I didn't pick up any of her 20 missed calls from last friday night"
"Considerate graffiti"
"Canadian graffiti"
"I see your Online gaming 1998 and raise you 1999"
"Still holds true"
"GANGNAM STYLE"
"For a good time call..."
"I'll have to try that next time"
"Has anyone ever called?"
"69"
"This is for you America"
"Are Mini-Monkeys Aww Worthy?"
"Wow  your finger is so big"
"Redditor's dream desk."
"What I liken every new Apple product to  these days"
"Big Ol' Tittahs!(SFW)"
"Tig ol' bittahs"
"Would you"
"My face after coming home from a long  shitty day of class and work and realizing it's my cake day."
"The facial expressions of when I'm taking a poop"
"When my professor accused my class of spending all our free time on Reddit"
"Dog takes own leg for a walk"
"Hot tub boat. Fuck yes."
"Makes sense... I guess.."
"Best Friends"
"Curious Cat"
"Swinging"
"The first thing I thought when I saw this picture"
"I'm definitely going to hell for this one..."
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this"
"Well that escalated quickly."
"Gaben breaks it down."
"Gaben it up"
"This guy is not having a good day today..."
"How summer hit the northeast today"
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"Grumpy cat goes to the vets..."
"Poor cat"
"Amazing battlescene view."
"At least he is passionate about what he does."
"Guy spikes own drink  has way with self.."
"Mac vs. PC"
"Just keep swimming  swimming  swimming."
"Runnin with the devil"
"Albino Baby Sea Turtle"
"The RVP of old [x/post from r/soccer]"
"...Oops..I..I think I broke Physics"
"Wow...she really does need to smile more."
"/r/aww really does need more elephants"
"I went to Israel last summer and found this street art. Figured you guys would like it..."
"bitches love sonnets"
"Women’s magazine"
"Every Women's Magazine"
"&quot;OVERANALYZING: The Shame and Guilt Issue&quot;"
"This is what magazines are coming too."
"Neverending Story  throws Bastion for loop."
"RIGHT IN THE CHILDHOOD"
"How I see Canada"
"Admit it  you tried doing the face right?"
"We all have that ID card with a picture from centuries ago!"
"I've lost them."
"I know this is a re-post but I can't help but almost die of laughter every time I see it."
"Classic JD."
"I just ran"
"Just trying to get to the front page"
"Robin Williams  Billy Crystal  Steve Martin and Chevy Chase are serious old men."
"You go girl"
"Go get 'em tiger (Xpost from r/gifs)"
"I ordered a pizza with the instructions  &quot;do something I can put on reddit&quot;  my result"
"Moon Bridge  Tapei  Taiwan"
"Some men just want to watch The Office burn [FIXED]"
"When I read that there are 'Muslim Patrol' dudes patroling the streets of London beating up fags"
"I laughed at this cookie"
"It got angry after I bit it"
"It's all in your mind."
"It's called mindset"
"All i want to do is [X-Post /r/gifsound]"
"all i want to do is."
"Romney for Chairman of the Federal Reserve."
"STILL"
"Mitt-pain"
"Romney Style"
"Romney  keeping it real"
"Romney in the Debate"
"My favorite Cyanide and Happiness comic"
"Needs to happen."
"Very strict requirement for using a toilet."
"I...You...What?"
"Right brain Left brain."
"Right brain  left brain"
"Just our brain."
"One of the most challenging things I've ever experienced in a video game."
"BURN"
"So its settled. Jim Carrey was the original troll face."
"The most dazzling folk style"
"In the back of my.."
"My first time having sex [SFW]"
"how i feel after writing a 10 page paper comparing 5 books at 1:30 in the morning"
"A marine feeding a cat."
"My favorite picture of all time."
"I feel cheated"
"Beat advice you can give a woman"
"What was he up to with those pencils? this was posted all over the inner city Milwaukee school  in the classrooms  in the hall  and in the offices!"
"No pencils"
"gamer logic"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [Fixed]"
"Oh...thats why..."
"Instant Karmic Retribution [gif]"
"Good news!"
"Flood-infected Spartan IVs from Halo 4"
"Christina Applegate on the religious right"
"I think I just became a Christina Applegate fan"
"Mr. Whiskers"
"My transformation is almost compl-meowmeowmeow."
"My favorite picture"
"That's pretty harsh  proactiv.."
"Whenever I dig for an explanation to a deleted comment."
"Whenever I stick my nose in somebody else's business."
"How I feel 30 seconds after asking my S.O. what's wrong"
"Escalator Slide"
"Giraffes Fighting Each Other"
"To fap  or not to fap..."
"First World Problem Level: Naruto"
"Steam Summer Sale FWP"
"Me today..."
"FWP shoes"
"I picked a bad day to crave a chicken sandwich..."
"Best friend has a colonoscopy tomorrow - I made some poop puns to get him poopared."
"This pretty much sums up my week so far."
"You failed"
"I tried showing off today..."
"well  you got me."
"we all know people like this"
"A long read  but worth it. Guy takes revenge on his ex when she tries to frame him for rape."
"4chan doing what they do best!"
"PETA does not approve"
"Tec-9? I'd rather have a K-9"
"Ohh Come here you little..."
"can't resist the &quot;im so sorry&quot; look"
"They really don't give a fuck"
"I thought you said Bugs Bunny was just a FRIEND &lt;/3"
"Oh  the differences..."
"True....."
"I found it"
"My grandma just got a computer and she calls me for help every once in a while. Today my uncle sent her an email and she called me saying &quot;it says I need to click the chrome icon and I can't find it.&quot; I got to her house to see this email..."
"For god sake grandma!"
"Me leaving work on a Friday"
"Dalmatian Shadow"
"Nectar of the gods!"
"I also like it hairy?"
"This seat is reserved"
"When I walk straight from shower to take a dump"
"Every time I watch Jeopardy with my parents..."
"How I view US politics as a UK Redditor."
"Hey reddit... Make your day better in one easy step: Pair this .gif with pretty much any song."
"I wish I could groove like this"
"Pefect"
"Oh Charlie..."
"Bough 4-day passes to an outdoor concert fest.."
"Bought 4-day passes to an oudoor music fest..."
"Every time reddit goes into read-only mode I want pizza  because last time it happened  this was stuck at #1. Damn you Pavlov."
"Just Steve  Will and Reggie."
"Possibly the most 90s picture ever taken"
"Thug life"
"It works!"
"When I sit down for class and people are furiously flipping through notes and textbooks"
"That sure as hell is magnetic balls.."
"Someone broke Garfield."
"So my friend bakes  and accidentally made a cookie that described my love life"
"Well.. Damn"
"Squirrel"
"It take some serious balls to walk around like that [NSFW]"
"On the bright side he always has a place to sit! [NSFW]"
"Peacock feathers up close"
"Peacock feathers"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  the King and Queen of Sweden!"
"Sleeping Cat!"
"When I go first in Jenga"
"Cats gonna taunt"
"How i feel arguing with my girlfriend (Xpost from gifs)"
"If more girls were like this one...there would be a lot less sexual assaults in this world..."
"A badass demonstration."
"Do NOT mug girls in Vietnam"
"KNOCK OUT!"
"Martial Arts Takedown"
"You're an asshole not a genius."
"A shoutout to my favorite game."
"Jesus on Lesbianism."
"San Fransisco (1906)  Photo from Airship"
"I googled &quot;What is Reddit&quot; this was on the first page."
"Happy 14th Birthday  Google!"
"...&quot;PooPl:&quot;? ...Oh  wait. I'm retarded."
"I'm not chicken. I'm a koalafied turkey."
"Life Imitates Art"
"Excuse the repost  but I thought it was time the newer redditors saw my all time favorite post"
"BUNNIES in cups!"
"I just remembered that this exists..."
"The Evolution Of Batman"
"How I feel when I click a link and it brings up a mile of text."
"What am I looking at?"
"Maybe we`re better off with shadows NOT coming to life..."
"I.. just cannot explain this gif"
"How I spent the past year"
"dick bird."
"Bonk"
"Anytime I need a laugh  this always gets me (NSFW)"
"That feel when video games"
"4chan's track-meet"
"Cause fuck safety"
"I want you inside me"
"Dr. Seuss updated for today's kids"
"Dr.Suess what a great children's author...."
"My favourite novel as a child"
"Very tiny baby owl"
"A momma with her awwlet"
"Me whenever i see someone post about failing classes because of Reddit"
"Me playing any FPS multiplayer... acted out by cats"
"Batman is the man."
"Shit shit shit"
"T I M B E R R R R"
"OP having fun as a child"
"Whenever anyone brings up starbursts on Reddit"
"How to fund NASA"
"Professor Trout"
"Sexy Bunny goes on and on and on"
"Express yourself."
"Live  damnit  liiiive!"
"Live  damn it!"
"I got the need for speed!"
"Do NOT want."
"Realistic Patrick Star"
"Thank god Patrick is a cartoon..."
"Apparently  Googling &quot;Patrick Star&quot; gets you this."
"Some people........."
"It's this shit right here. And the fundies I know tell me I'm the ignorant one."
"A wild function appears."
"WUT"
"Thanks Obama."
"Mr. President what have you done?"
"Hmmm  I would say...mediocre at best."
"How does it feel to be a human?"
"Can't. Sop. Watching."
"Oh  you know  just an awesome cat."
"Hide and seek."
"Handsome Jack Logic"
"Surprised kitty"
"IT WAS YOU"
"omg it was you!"
"OMG it was you!"
"Just a surprised cat! (Not putting the freaking punchline in the freaking title)"
"OMG A HUMAN"
"When I found out about Santa Claus..."
"Omg it was him."
"Realization Cat"
"How could you??"
"IM GOING TO EAT YOU"
"Your offering does not appease me."
"I wtf'd"
"I'm starting to think that I may never do anything this awesome."
"Lonely Cat"
"Lonely Cat"
"Mad Kitty World"
"meet mr.lonely cat."
"On cutting onions"
"They've got curved fruit...Curved. Fruit."
"Hatters gonna hat"
"My best guess on shop class test"
"Surprise!"
"Forget shadow puppets."
"A skein of geese"
"Oh yes"
"Stowage of a British slave ship [x-post/r/historyporn]"
"Oppa Warcraft Style"
"Lich King style."
"Pre-9/11 Pilots"
"Awww  sweet Kitty..."
"Just a couple of baby flies (NSFW)"
"I'd love to blow in her face  if you know what I mean"
"Crap! here comes the boss!"
"Everyone on Reddit right now"
"Me on my cake day."
"So awesome!!"
"just kayaking in slovenia."
"Bitch I'm Aquaman"
"Classy Lizard"
"And that's terrible..."
"And that's terrible"
"Mother and son"
"I googled &quot;faggot ass gay shit that will get upvotes on reddit anways&quot; and this came up"
"This is my friends Facebook profile picture...."
"So I typed WTF unicorn on google..."
"Dude!"
"The thug life chose me.."
"You Can't Do That!"
"This song plays every time I poop"
"My dump this morning after seeing our 13 new subscribers join r/pooplikethis!"
"This is how i poop when I'm late for class and i gotta make it quick"
"Bought a new wooden toilet seat from target  this is how I poop while I look at the old one."
"How I felt pooping after a long day at school."
"How I poop when I see no new submissions in this subreddit for several days."
"How I poop after taking my girlfriend home from a nice day together."
"How I poop after eating at taco bell"
"How I feel with my cake day being tomorrow"
"How I Poop When I'm Feeling Antsy"
"DUBSTEP"
"If you don't like dubstep..."
"If you don't like dubstep  then shut up about dubstep"
"How I felt when I discovered this subreddit"
"How I pooped when I discovered this subreddit"
"When I get back to my home throne after vacation  I poop like this"
"I know what to do!"
"Can't believe I didn't notice this sooner"
"The noble unicorn."
"Unicorns have miraculous healing powers."
"I think this sums up my introduction to Reddit."
"My Little Pony....."
"What would most likely happen if Jesus did return"
"Whenever I try to pose in a group photo..."
"Fuck your castle. We are Vikings."
"When 4Chan attacks 9GAG..."
"Hitler on a snow sleigh"
"Come at me Bro"
"Raw footage of the riots in London"
"Poor Mike."
"I'm 22 and just bought this condo in NYC for $1 000 000 dollars!!"
"What a HAMster."
"Somebody please  think of the hamsters!"
"Just hamster"
"A photo taken in Naco  Arizona (1979) of a volleyball game between Mexican and U.S. citizens  using the border fence between Mexico and Arizona as the net."
"TIL what the most expensive shot in silent film history was"
"Heart kitty"
"Because fuck you"
"I love the thought process."
"Work out plan. Reddit style."
"Dinner with Grandma [FIXED]"
"Grandma won't go to Old Folks home without a fight."
"I wanna go higher!"
"When my RA sends out an email about not drinking in the dorms"
"Telepathic buttsecks"
"Telepathic."
"This comic always makes me laugh no matter how many times i read it"
"The comic homophobic seal came from. (Antics Comics)"
"You Are Never Alone"
"Now This is a Politician I Can Support"
"Classy."
"Wanted to thank my editor with something special for Xmas. Made him this."
"the only acceptable use for twilight..."
"It came out of the deep!"
"Watch as the hippo defends its territory"
"Kitty Hittler. r/awww?"
"I'm going to spend the rest of my day at work watching this"
"Pika-Push!"
"Pikachu Pushing a Kitty."
"dat feel when it's your cake day"
"Improper Munitions Transportation"
"nope nope nope nope"
"When my friend's girlfriend asks me about one of his exes."
"How I feel seeing posts with a title &quot;I see your dildo up the anus and raise you X&quot;"
"my friend's dog doesn't give any sort of fuck"
"The Icelandic Police force has finally captured Iceland's Most Wanted"
"I swear she said she was 18"
"Robbie Rotten from Lazytown finally arrested for his crimes."
"As a Canadian citizen  this is how I will experience the 2012 US elections."
"I heard Christmas music on the radio yesterday..."
"Oh Shit!"
"I know that feel bro"
"everyone on reddit."
"BOMBOMBOM"
"baby donkey"
"Thanks Bill!"
"Dog vs kitten"
"What an efficient design."
"I'm sure 95% of guys feel the same"
"What most men dream of. If only..."
"Bacon Rock!"
"This man understands."
"Plausible?"
"How I feel this week as a Chick Fil A employee"
"FSM"
"Words of wisdom from Thom Paine"
"That's what happens when you dance provocatively in front of your dog"
"I'll take &quot;GIFs that make you Wat&quot; for 400  Alex."
"Hay babayyyy"
"No words."
"Clouds  Birds  Moon  Venus"
"this baby looks like Tom Hanks..."
"This kid is going places..."
"So I found this early picture of Donald Trump"
"This kid is going places"
"What's the difference...?"
"Unicorn preg--- what?"
"Slightly NSFW for anthropomorphic pregnant unicorn with tits."
"Get off your high horse!"
"How I used to feel when watching Saturday cartoons"
"No title necessary  just the best gif of all time"
"Googled hardcore cereal eating this is what i got"
"The longer you watch  the more nightmare inducing it becomes."
"Visiting the comment thread on trees"
"The first hit after a long day of work [7]"
"Dat Nicolas"
"Dat Nicolas [x-post r/gifsound]"
"How I feel browsing Reddit after downloading RES"
"Hypnotic albino peacock"
"Ninja driving skills"
"Using Bird Big as a symbol of the public-funded programs Romney is willing to cut  just to give his friends a little more money."
"Manga quotes you should know"
"This is why I read hentai [NSFW Text]"
"Google's got my back"
"Now I have a scientific reason to avoid bieber fans"
"It doesn't matter why I was searching for it."
"Dammit Manfred! You screwed it all up!"
"This is.... Informative?"
"Google really cares for me."
"A tiny pig!"
"Hai there."
"Occupy the Atom"
"Science joke. With bonus cat."
"I paid for a revive  and rrowland gave me the 30gold needed to /f home. He immediately killed me. This is how I felt."
"Stumbling upon r/boners for the first time"
"Every time I open up a link to r/spacedicks"
"/r/Watchpeopledie"
"When I fail an exam I didn't revise for"
"When i got bored and typed in /r/shit"
"After an hour of r/nsfl. (I don't know why I do this to myself)"
"How I feel after the announcement of the iPhone 5..."
"How I feel after the announcement of the iPhone 5..."
"[10] Bear"
"Taxiderpy"
"Taxiderpy"
"Noon."
"Noon (x-post from /r/pics)"
"wellness stick"
"Confused baby flamingo"
"For my fellow American Redditors this evening I Present  the US Presidential Debate Drinking Game!"
"The Presidential Debate drinking game"
"We're gonna need a lot of booze!"
"Get ready for tonight!"
"2012 Presidential Debates drinking game"
"One might say she's cute as shit."
"Hahahahahahahaha!"
"no thanks  i'll find my own way out"
"Screw Doors"
"The new iPod Nano is truly revoluti... wait a minute"
"The new iPod Nano is truly revoluti... wait a minute"
"Maybe Nokia should sue Apple..."
"Dear Lord."
"Woman breastfeeds pug"
"Why? Why?"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day!"
"I can picture some ten year old boy  not knowing what they were  and giving them to his dad. What would you do?"
"I don't think that's what Dad will be expecting."
"I don't like violence"
"I don't like violence..(x-post)"
"How I felt when I considered posting a funny comment about someone with Downs just for Karma"
"How to troll bees"
"How I feel when trying to empty out my email inbox."
"Wait for it..."
"I think I need to organize..."
"I used to be a knight like you"
"Gangrene."
"A helpful reminder"
"When I make a grammatical error on here"
"Every report card day of my childhood."
"I can watch this for hours and still laugh"
"Who I think Paul Ryan looks like"
"Who I think Paul Ryan looks like"
";)"
"Im fabulous"
"How I felt when I hit 10 000 karma"
"How I feel for every upvote."
"How I felt when I learned to fly."
"Bitch I'm fabulous!!!!"
"I'm Fabulous"
"How I feel when a girl compliments me on what I'm wearing."
"My reaction after browsing Reddit for a few hours before I noticed it was my cake day."
"Seeing a post mentioning my home town on the front page."
"FABULOUS."
"How much money do you make while pooping at work? ha - Yes  this is an app!"
"I guess there really is an app for everything"
"So... How much money do you make while Pooping at work?"
"How much money do you make while Pooping at work? (There really is an app for everything!)"
"Backbreaking Workout"
"Missed my cakeday  but more importantly...do these stripes make my ass look fat?"
"Probably a repost..."
"Come at me Bro! Come at me!"
"Getting Ready For Halloween"
"How I see a Fixed post"
"Unveiling of the new iPhone"
"TADA!"
"The Temple of Sky (Iceland)"
"The Temple of Sky (Iceland)"
"The Temple of Sky (Iceland)"
"Found this at work today....."
"Found on my newsfeed."
"Because nothing says Happy Halloween like giving birth at home! (From homebirth.no)"
"I always wondered where baby pumpkins come from!"
"Say it to my face bro"
"When i hear people talking about me ten feet away."
"Does your money make you happy or sad?"
"what a celeb!"
"Why hello there  nice to meet you"
"Sup bro?"
"Welcome to the Ocean."
"Give me some fin. [xpost from /r/freekarma]"
"Repost: Every girl's dream (Highly Accurate)"
"A man I sincerely miss from my childhood"
"A nice Sunday afternoon drive up Black Bear Pass  Colorado"
"My palms get sweaty just looking at this"
"Japan has creepy styles"
"OMG OMG OMG Bubbles"
"Pure Joy"
"How I feel when I make a clever comment on Reddit"
"Anybody who managed to comment anything at all in the Obama AMA"
"Saw the Sinister trailer and thought it was one for a Half-Life movie"
"I have no idea if this is a repost because I don't spend every waking moment on the internet... but I found this funny"
"Can't Touch Me"
"typed in greatest picture ever taken and this is what i got"
"The story so far..."
"The story of Fort Friendship - Summer Camp Day 7"
"The story of Fort Friendship - Summer Camp Day 7"
"I omitted the clubhouse and characters in the &quot;Steam Summer Sale&quot; background"
"Picture Day"
"What could go wrong?"
"I knew I was small compared to the universe...but damn!"
"I knew I was small compared to the universe...but damn![fixed]"
"We are very  very tiny."
"Oh how little we all are.."
"Didn't expect that"
"I'm fairly new with only 3 months into Reddit. With it being down yesterday  this is how I felt."
"If Harry Potter was realistic..."
"If you see someone drowning . . ."
"NASA space shuttle Atlantis"
"We will never forget"
"Super Romantic"
"Chimera Cat"
"Meet Venus the 3 year old chimera cat."
"Jupiter looks legit"
"The Drunkards Progress"
"What happens when you drink according to the 1800s Temperance Movement. Can someone recreate for another substance?"
"When I walk into a room with important news  and totally forget what I was going to say."
"Adam Savage: No One is in Charge"
"Meme level: 70's  Calamitous Carol"
"How to keep a cat busy for hours"
"When I found out you can downvote posts by pressing 'Z' in RES"
"Telegrapher Cat"
"My reaction after seeing vagina [NSFW]"
"Erection"
"Couldnt have put it better myself"
"They were sleeping like this."
"Touching pawws while they sleep."
"The looks on the girls faces are priceless"
"My little pony (?!)"
"WTF Unicorn"
"The most WTF thing I've seen in a while."
"This is... a happy little cliff."
"This. Is. AWESOME!!!!"
"THIS IS MY PAINTINGGGG"
"'MERICA"
"Chris' Boots"
"I see your Walken poster and raise you..."
"It's cool  I didn't want any."
"Walking into the bathroom when someone else is already pooping"
"Oh... Yesterday was my cake day  you say?"
"What you thinking about"
"Schools of fish surround three sharks"
"Sharks are just cool"
"Street Cred"
"Chick magnet"
"Just a kitten and a chick wrestling."
"The Da Fuq Dance"
"Haunts my thoughts."
"This made me laugh way more than it should have."
"Surprise ending"
"I knew it!"
"It's how I remember him."
"Woke up from a nightmare where I was out of trees..."
"Bill Nye delivers"
"how i survived algebra"
"My math teacher is quite humorous."
"Most people would have just seen a soap dispenser..."
"How is this sealed around the neck? It's a functional head-in-fishbowl costume. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Becca Stahp"
"How do drive at any speed you want"
"Youtube in a nutshell."
"YouTube in a nutshell"
"Meth is a hell of a drug."
"Those eyes..."
"How I feel when I try dancing at a club"
"reddit today"
"Struck gold my first time playing imgur roulette!"
"Every time I try to play imgur roulette"
"Calculating Leo"
"In your dreams"
"Inception BJ"
"In your dreams... (found on facebook page Dolan)"
"Now  this is a House of Music."
"A music school in China"
"The Piano House in Anhui  China - Coolest building ever?"
"Nice window you have there.."
"Could not believe this."
"Eye of Sauron discovered!"
"Oh  Erin"
"The appropriate way to deal with tailgaters"
"Yeah  didn't think so"
"'Cause I'm a crepe"
"Skills."
"Guys like chicks with skills"
"Marriage institution has rich history!!"
"So. You want traditional marriage like the marriages in The Bible you say?"
"The Biblical definition of marriage that Christians are eating to defend"
"I think this belongs here."
"When someone tells me I'm going to go to hell...."
"My friend and I when we hear someone likes 9gag!"
"My reaction when I saw the president did an AMA."
"This was me and my friend reaction when we found out Reddit wasn't on the block list at school."
"I want to see this man photoshopped in front of so many bands..."
"This popped up on my newsfeed"
"Can has."
"Yes  yes you can."
"After years of him glaring at me from across the dinner table  I decided he CAN has cheezburger."
"Well the cat got a cheeseburger. Time to shut down the Internet  there’s nothing left to do."
"Find the cat."
"Faith in humanity temporarily restored....for now."
"Faith in humanity slightly restored..."
"I worry about the other 8%"
"Do you like it outside?"
"Is it for your face?"
"I'll feed it everyday! And I'll pet it  and put it in my mouth..."
"This new super carrier will allow the US complete supremacy in the Middle East"
"How many other times will you see this in your life? Baby deer + Baby Fox."
"Soul crushing cuteness!"
"Mustache ride anybody?"
"a fun game for all the family"
"Been sitting here at a [6] for an hour and can't solve this damn thing.. any other ents with me?"
"Meanwhile  on the Ferris wheel"
"What not to wear to your Halloween party."
"This is what happens when costume designers run out of ideas."
"bros and camel toes"
"Put your finger and aww"
"What....?"
"What is happening to the world?"
"When i leave on a Jetblue flight in 5 days  and i hear jetblue planes have been having mechanical problems"
"Room"
"My wallet."
"best reaction to a zombie  ever"
"Pinkmin"
"BREAKING NEWS: Doctor Who..."
"God help us all!!"
"Lmao"
"When you see it."
"Tricky Tricky"
"Faceswap"
"Too soon?"
"The oft-forgotten &quot;side butt&quot;."
"I GOT THIS HOE!!!!!!"
"Atlantic Road in Norway"
"OH YEAH!"
"My reaction when I saw how much my textbooks cost"
"Every time I see that weeping cat gif"
"HIFW I pretend not to look at my crush leaving the office with her boyfriend on a Friday."
"No one should have to watch it  really"
"Every. Damn. Time."
"Every time i hear it"
"Every time I heard it [FIXED]"
"Can someone make a rage face of this?"
"The Dog Days Are Over"
"I found the problem"
"I found the problem [FIXED]"
"Karma's a bitch"
"It has been 14 days and I feel like this would be a better alternative (Movember)"
"I'm going to live FOREVER!"
"Chad Johnson aka 'Ochocinco' finally proves he is NOT crazy."
"Grandma has it all RIGHT!"
"I'll see your car in courtyard and raise you a truck in a school"
"oh yes."
"Hey there  voter!"
"I'll just leave this in here...."
"Those nights that you wish never ended"
"&quot;No time to explain  just kiss me&quot;"
"Toad face fucking a fish."
"This just appeared on my facebook feed."
"The Gotham Horror Picture Show"
"Glass houses"
"Who doesn't like a little bacon?"
"Something to try next time you're bored on the subway.."
"Fire extinguisher ride in subway"
"Riding a Fire Extinguisher in a Subway Car (can someone explain this??)"
"the nudnik commuter"
"Too soon for Asperger's Syndrome?"
"I'll take that to go"
"The Smile: Herman Cain Animated GIF"
"The new creeper smile."
"Heh heh heh"
"My response to Katt Williams and similar creationists"
"My response to Katt Williams and similar creationists"
"Ren and Stimpy was kind of like Spongebob... kind of."
"A bit of ink in water"
"Reddit  is this real? NSFW"
"My favourite photo of all time. [x-post from r/emmawatson] (not sure if nsfw)"
"woah... Emma Watson see-through top - NSFW"
"Emma Watson Lingerie"
"I'm in love with this picture"
"omnomnom"
"Bat-Nom."
"I'm not even sure what to call this...(xpost from r/gifs)"
"batman eating magical creatures"
"I don't even...."
"Droplet of mercury"
"Splash of Mercury (x-post from /r/pics)"
"It's black and white and cute all over."
"So I googled &quot;cutest fucking thing ever&quot; and was not disappointed at all by the first image."
"I had a fight with my cat this morning and today is my cake day so this seems about right."
"Get off the table!"
"Must Eat... Forbidden Cupcake"
"What is the probability of this happening ever again?"
"What're the odds"
"bird + baseball"
"&quot;I Hate My Life.&quot;"
"Not very many futurama posts they said.... Not too many cat posts they said...."
"TV Characters in cartoon form. Can you name them all?"
"Trying to find anything interesting when you've already clicked thru all good links"
"It seems that I have obtained a Portal 2 Steam Coupon  anyone want it?"
"oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"It explains a lot  really. [PIC]"
"Armstrong used what?"
"When i see white people on the south side of Chicago."
"The Original Achievement Points"
"Bill Watterson  creator of Calvin and Hobbes  turns 54 today... Happy birthday you glorious bastard!"
"Can you see the dancing tree?"
"You don't even know!! (Sorry if repost)"
"Go home Apple  You're drunk."
"didn't see that coming."
"Oh Russia..."
"WTF?! (NSFL)"
"Spread it."
"Overly Attached Jam Lover"
"Dog on the London Tube  damn seats are too small"
"I would stay at this hotel"
"If we don't have flying cars in 7 years I think I am going to kick Ridley Scotts ass!"
"Poseidon Resort"
"The Sits of all Sits"
"MFW Going down on her....yeah  it's a lot like that (SFW)"
"How I feel when Jehovah's Witnesses come to my house"
"How I feel when Jehovah's Witnesses come to my house (xpost r/funny)"
"well  that's gonna leave a stain. damn."
"Farting with a row of people behind me in class."
"True Size of Africa [2485x1755]"
"The terrifying truth about Diglett..."
"The Moon Over Cordoba  Spain"
"Cube  sphere  cube  sphere  cube  sphere..."
"How awkward I am when I try to make a new friend"
"When I talk to a girl who is way outta my league"
"Types of labradors"
"When nothing I post impresses people on Reddit."
"When the eighth trailer before a movie is followed by the ninth trailer"
"When I think I have won an argument but apparently &quot;It's not over&quot;"
"Zach Galifianakis"
"Zach Galifianakis Loves You!"
"Everybody Clap Your Hands"
"Not-zee clown you're looking for"
"The treadmill should be positioned away from any items that could cause injury in case of a bad fall..."
"This is the start to a bad day."
"Don't tread on me"
"South Park (IRL)"
"Realistic South Park"
"One of My Favorite Games from when I was younger."
"Can't defeat Goku? Why not join the Navy?"
"Aqua Vegeta"
"bioluminescent phytoplankton (x-post from r/biology)"
"The Maldives"
"Praise for Tina Fey"
"Should be working but doing this instead.."
"Well.. it made me laugh"
"My  what big teeth you have."
"My  what big teeth you have."
"It is obvious that this contest cannot be decided by our knowledge of the Force....(xpost from /r/starwars)"
"It is obvious that this contest cannot be decided by our knowledge of the Force....(xpost from /r/starwars)"
"After the debate  I was asked to do a little photoshopping..."
"No one like this cat.."
"After playing Borderlands 2 for 15 hours straight then having to go outside."
"spot the game"
"Spy Kids if you guys don't recognize her..."
"Spy kids if you guys don't know.."
"Right in the penis"
"Geography teacher talking about the core of the earth says &quot;think back to how the world was created.&quot; Half the class said &quot;God&quot;. This was the teachers face in reaction."
"Staring Contest"
"I'm using the iPhone app &quot;Days Until&quot; to count up my days of NoFap  to give me motivation. I took a little bit of inspiration from the top-voted post on this subreddit."
"When people use memes wrong on facebook.."
"I think I could stare at this for hours."
"Whenever a girl says she wants a guy like me  but doesn't want me."
"StrawBEARy"
"Horse Hugs Human"
"Horse Hugs Human [FIXED]"
"Guitar Hero"
"FUCK THE LOLLIPOP JUST HAND ME SOME WHISKEY"
"The truth..."
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are"
"Who I imagine reposters are (fixed)"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [FIXED]"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [Fixed]"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [Fixed]"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [FIXED]"
"Who I Imagine Reopsters Are [FIXED]"
"What I imagine people who upvote reposts are like"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [FIXED]"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [FIXED]"
"Sad story"
"How I feel when downvoting something that just hit the front page."
"Would you?"
"I double dare ya"
"If MythBusters ever needed ideas for a new season ..."
"Complete opposites  same conclusion."
"You gotta look like this..."
"Whats going to happen since i started LOTR"
"Oh lol she is ..WTF"
"How I imagine people from Massachusetts felt every time Romney mentioned being Governor."
"r/gonewild - the early years"
"When I'm losing an argument."
"When I complain there's nothing to eat and mom tells me to eat an apple"
"How it feels when I go on Reddit at night but I'm already tired"
"I need to know what the record is for..."
"Coming to the 2012 Olympics. The muff buff."
"An interesting sport...[xpost/funny]"
"Couldn't think of a better combo for my first try"
"Meanwhile in Japan"
"Count Kermit"
"I ❤ animals."
"Star Wars Conspiracy"
"Can't breathe!"
"I've lost them!"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"I wonder what Siri is hiding?"
"So I had Siri change my name. This was the result"
"I really don't think that's the most pressing matter at hand  Siri."
"No  actually."
"I was pleasantly surprised by this"
"Friendzoned by my phone"
"My best Siri response so far:"
"Siri doesn't have much of a sense of humor"
"Tough Love From Siri"
"50 Cent vs. Teddy Roosevelt"
"This is why I like teddy Roosevelt better than 50 cent"
"HIFW deciding on a title for a new Reddit submission"
"My favorite drinking partner..."
"Found this on random Imgur"
"My Cake Day is almost over."
"Not now  I'm poopin'."
"Bitches be trippin'"
"Immediate Payback"
"I could watch this for an hour"
"I see your flooded station Ireland and show you what happens everytime it rains in Mumbai"
"nobody will mess with the kreb cycle"
"When you stare into the abyss  the abyss stares back at you..."
"Cracks me up every time."
"Proof of evolution"
"Why couldn't I have been more like this guy when I was in high school?"
"Fuck the riots  London has a bigger problem.."
"Cooking with poo!"
"How I feel when everything I submit gets downvoted to oblivion"
"Playing online with a shitty connection"
"MANLIER!!!!"
"This guy is the man."
"Start 'em young."
"/b/'s most secret sexual fantasy"
"well that was awkward..."
"You First!"
"A couple of cute cougar cubs"
"MFW I hear people on welfare complain about liberals"
"A friend of mine made what she calls &quot;Pupcakes&quot;"
"What a perfect muse."
"Just some cupcakes that my mum made of my dog."
"Seems legit"
"Highway Inside Building"
"...then you take the highway through the skyscraper..."
"Zorita and her pet snake."
"You Will Die in 7 Days..."
"Wrong number"
"How to kill a ......Spider"
"PARTY CAT!"
"My cat this morning  upon seeing snow &amp; frozen icy stuff outside for the first time in his life"
"I want this guy for my party"
"My reaction when I found out I missed another cool AMA"
"Fire &amp; Ice"
"Hmm..."
"YOLO meets auto correct."
"Well said..."
"Protect your Manhole"
"I say  Alison Brie is quite...Smashing"
"When I travel outside my province and I see a license plate from back home (BC)"
"Cant wait till Thanksgiving"
"Skullethyst"
"Crystal Skull"
"Degrassi Drake"
"Healthy  yet productive"
"Take the gym outside..."
"[META] Your moral outrage is not WTF"
"Honestly can not think of a title"
"Google maps vs. Apple maps in one picture (ouch)"
"Google Maps vs. iOS6 Maps side by side. [x-post from r/apple]"
"Hey  nice couch. I wonder if– OH HELL YES!"
"I love going to therapy"
"Found this picture on my news feed."
"RELEASE MY GENITALS!!!"
"RoboCop's new sidekick"
"Every time I hear &quot;You were a Templar  Jondar!&quot;"
"&quot;Hubble captures extraordinary view of Universe&quot;"
"Just when I thought the universe couldn't blow my mind any further... this is all in just one freaking dot of the night sky. Unbelievable."
"Amazing picture from Hubble. This is what space is all about."
"I'm sure I'm doing this right"
"Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen"
"Saw this on Reddit a few months ago  if you haven't seen it yet  your welcome."
"Katy Perry Album."
"Katy Perry Album (r/pics x-post)"
"My two year old daughter did her first slip and slide today"
"Tear gas vs..."
"When you're sharpening a pencil and this happens"
"FunnyJunk?"
"Besides  my mom already sends me lots."
"You don't look Asian..."
"Oh Leo  you rascal"
"Northern Lights over the Moonrise - Alaska"
"Dat Ass."
"Oh  you're a photographer? That's nice..."
"Stewie Griffin on girls with cameras"
"Beyonce"
"My first try at this."
"The roflcopter is coming for you."
"Pew! Pew! Pew! Gotcha!"
"This little hippo just made my day!"
"Don't mess with the hippo"
"A little gem I stumbled across from a google images search."
"fuck you  flowers!"
"How I feel about allergy season..."
"LOL!"
"Got bad lag?"
"How I feel playing halo. Always blame the game."
"I'm Christian and this made me laugh like a 6 year old."
"Robin just checked in"
"THIS IS AN AMAZING BRANCH!!!!!!!"
"EVERY TIME"
"The perfect woman  according to the internet - GAFComics"
"Professor X's one weakness..."
"A Pokemon Realization"
"puprito"
"Putting a Little Color to Destruction"
"Definitely one of my favorite jokes"
"Someone got a pretty serious call from the Pentagon today."
"Regular ferrets: gross. Baby ferrets?"
"Saw this in class today."
"the ginger bread man in a college class (fill those seats!!!)"
"Halloween during college is the best"
"My sentiments towards those who downvote me."
"How to really hurt a redditor"
"Baby's baby baby. -___-"
"Sitting by the pool"
"Not sure if creepy or adorable. Probably the former."
"Just one of those days..."
"How I feel when someone tries to &quot;troll&quot; me"
"Your joke wasn't that funny"
"Thor's sister"
"How to explain sex to children (found it on FB)"
"How to explain sex to your children (I don't have any children but if I did  this is how I would do it)"
"Get away from me  ho!"
"Ch...ch...ch...Chia!!!"
"Unce Unce Unce"
"When I saw that the U.S. now has more medals than China"
"Reddit lately after President Camacho and Obama's AMA"
"Finding out that my course has a 100% employment rate after graduation"
"Dog slips on wooden floor"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"Mommy.... U Stepped On Me!"
"Nothing will ever top this. Ever."
"Doesn't matter  had sex"
"DOESN'T MATTER HAD SEX"
"I'm always the yellow lego"
"This Angry Bird has had enough"
"I always wondered what was inside my mouse"
"God must have been drunk when he made this one."
"Deadpool &amp; Boba Fett Go To Disney. (Saw on my fb. Artist is credited as m7781 on deviantArt)."
"Boba Fett &amp; Deadpool go to Disney (xpost from /r/pics) - artist credit goes to &quot;m7781&quot; on Deviantart."
"Deadpool and Boba Fett join forces for the greatest team up of all time. (x-post from /r/comicbooks)"
"How has no one done this?"
"I So Fuzzy and Peaceful Inside"
"One of the many reasons to be a cat..."
"Rage Guy Dwight"
"How I felt after getting down voted on my cake day."
"Ice-T and his friend  Ice Cube"
"What's cooler than being cool? Ice cold!"
"FUCK YOUUU"
"Best movie to be played. period."
"my favorite bed time story."
"A second before a geyser erupts."
"The Stokkur Geyser in Iceland has erupted every 4-8 minutes since a 1789 earthquake - here it is a split second before erupting"
"The Strokkur Geyser in Iceland has erupted every 4-8 minutes since a 1789 earthquake - here it is a split second before erupting"
"Relevant repost. It's astounding how many people still don't understand how this &quot;freedom&quot; thing is supposed to work."
"I miss him."
"WTE...art?"
"Nothing sinister here..."
"Halloween at the Vatican"
"On the road"
"when the world needed him most..."
"Awesome color dropps in water"
"How I feel when seeing the viral videos on Tosh.0"
"How I feel about first pages of /r/funny lately..."
"When someone shows me a picture from Tumblr."
"Bitchin'"
"Every damn time..."
"Can't believe I never thought of this"
"That guy's hat is on sideways. How crazy!"
"Bill..."
"Forever alone"
"FREEDOM!!!"
"FREEDOM!!! [FIXED]"
"Mine and fellow redditor Mcrofl's reaction to Clinton's speech."
"Missed my first 5 Cakedays. This is how I feel after basically missing my 6th today."
"I think my cat doesn't like my boyfriend"
"When I found out one of my black co-workers was on Reddit"
"Look at this  Marge!"
"So that's how that hole got there!"
"Whoop whoop whoop whoop!"
"Learn to beatbox in about 30 fuckin seconds"
"Welcome to the Internet here's your gif basket"
"What an excellent day for an exorcism."
"Exorciiiiiiise the Demons!"
"BE GONE  DEMONS"
"Random mode on Imgur delivers"
"Talk dirty to me"
"Talking to someone I find uninteresting"
"Volleyball."
"Picking a wedgie"
"Hot Air Balloons"
"My boyfriend brought me home a crapload chocolate a week before my period."
"Here's what Chalk looks like under a microscope."
"Surprise  bitch!"
"Surprise  bitch!"
"Mario Kart IRL"
"The foreground is post-conception. The background...while conceiving...? Your guess is good as mine."
"Pregnancy is a beautiful thing."
"I giggled"
"Imgur staff group photo"
"The imgur staff takes a group photo"
"Imgur Staff took a group photo. I think we can do better than that."
"I thought this was a picture of the MythBusters staff but after the first person I realized I'm just racist"
"Had to be done."
"Best friend I ever had."
"Draw something you like very much"
"Draw something you like very much"
"Shit! (The Album!)"
"Battlefront 3"
"MFW I missed my cake day"
"Bacon"
"That moment when you realize you took the wrong kind of allergy medicine."
"How I feel after missing dat cake day karma by 6 hours"
"Please keep off of the grass"
"An amazing sentence in English! (X-post woahdude)"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"A Christian friend posted this to Facebook. I laughed."
"Digging to China"
"Jesus Loves Bad Luck Brian"
"Bad Luck Brian sees a movie"
"Brian farts in class."
"BLB tries to be more spontaneous"
"God Bless America"
"Oh no  you ate the cat."
"Ctrl  Alt  Banana?"
"All Natural"
"Never drinking again after I woke up next to this..."
"When my cakeday goes bad..."
"My face when my parents told me I was too old to enjoy the water park with them and my younger sister so I had to stay home."
"When i see a post that has more upvotes than i have karma"
"How I feel not being able to celebrate Halloween because of a big exam in the morning."
"As a fairly unattractive female  when my male friends start talking about hot chicks they know/want to bang"
"Me when I saw my girlfriend via skype eating luxury Lindt chocolates. I'm out of town."
"How I feel when I post and get a downvote without a view...."
"I'm quitting Reddit on Tuesday for college."
"I was a late bloomer and this is what I looked like when I noticed some girls had more arm hair than me"
"You might be mistaken"
"How subtly classy of you Hallmark"
"&quot;OH GOD  DID YOU JUST SHIT ON ME?&quot;"
"How I feel every time a friend or colleague asks me this question."
"How I feel whenever a friend or colleague asks me this question..."
"Every time someone brings up the presidential race at work"
"The LAST supper"
"My dad wants to hang this in his living room(nsfw?)"
"Mosh Pit Training Center."
"Curiosity Engineers to do an AMA on Thursday  8/16  at 11am EDT"
"AMA with Scientists of Mars' Curiosity landing...11am EST"
"Reince Priebus  chairman of the Republican Party  actually tweeted this last night. What a disgusting human being."
"How I really think would happen if I were Scrooge Mcduck jumping into a pool of gold coins."
"When I try to break the ice with a girl."
"It's frozen bro."
"Growing up  opening these was the most thrilling thing in the world."
"This is where my allowance went every week as a child."
"If I get the youth  I'll be strong enough to go back for bacon!"
"Don't make me choose"
"I think I know how most redditors would choose..."
"Best coat ever."
"How I spend my day when I make a successful yet slow-burning post."
"I'm 30  just bought the first new car I've ever owned. Haven't had it 24 hours and someones already doored it."
"Me  waiting for the end of Yom Kippur"
"Maybe Once..."
"Would not recommend."
"Not recommended."
"The babes are back!"
"Artwork for the Assassin Creed 3 single player DLC: &quot;The Tyranny of King Washington&quot;"
"Assassin's Creed III Alternate Universe DLC - George Washington becomes king."
"The Tyranny of King Washington revealed."
"YYEEEEEEAAAAHHHHH!!!"
"I'm not sure about this one."
"How many people can you recognise?"
"Very influential picture."
"Great piece of art. How many can you name?"
"My only class today was just cancelled via email."
"Shout to all my lostboys"
"How ice cream sandwiches are made (x-post r/gifs)"
"The animal handlers at the Oregon Zoo took Chendra around to meet some of the other animals one day before the zoo opened. The sea lions were her favorite!"
"I wish I had this kid on my team when I was younger"
"How I'll feel as a freshman staying on campus for a long weekend"
"My reddit birthday signifies more than being on reddit for a year. It also represents a year of being firm in my beliefs thanks to support from this community. Here is something that helps me when I am feeling low."
"OMG DID YOU HEAR ABOUT KARMANAUT?"
"Whenever my Mom tells me about someone I went to high school with"
"For my class project I had to survey 20 000 people on what internet browser they liked best. Here was the answer. [x-post: r/technology]"
"How I feel whenever it's someone's cakeday."
"Whenever I see Apostolate in a thread."
"At Least he Hid from the Ginger.. [when you see it]"
"Infinite mirror"
"Infinite Mirror"
"What can you see in your pupil?"
"Door to door atheism"
"Save the Bacon....."
"Please Don't Die"
"Judgmental cat"
"I feel like this cat has excellent caption potential."
"Sunset Wave"
"After all my time on reddit  here is the most fitting pic"
"No matter how many times I hear it  it's still just as true"
"Religion is like a Penis"
"Sounds about right"
"Religion is like a penis o_O"
"Religion is like..."
"Religion is like a penis....."
"So  there's this sign....so true..."
"I think I know where Daddy is..."
"Where's Daddy?"
"Why Religions are Popular"
"The Only Reason Why I Watch The Food Network."
"How indeed"
"How?!"
"How is this even possible?"
"Duct Tape Cocoon"
"what? I don't even..."
"Looks familiar.."
"Once the best  always the best"
"Enjoy it or Don't."
"Swanson's new line of frozen dinners"
"Smile"
"I am the 1%"
"If I had a gold coin for every time I've masturbated"
"Oh Kevin!"
"What happened to you?"
"Construction of Manhattan Bridge in 1909."
"Manhattan Bridge Construction 1909"
"Old ass picture of some bridge I haven't heard about.."
"How it feels proving your friend is full of shit"
"The real Facebook gold"
"dollar for dollar..."
"Horrifyingly Real: Beavis &amp; Butthead"
"new sub at subway!! its gunna be good"
"good news! subway now has a new atheist menu item!"
"An irresistable meal"
"Oh you  you big fish you."
"Oh You"
"Why would you kidnap his family?"
"Cast Away: Deleted Scenes [FIXED]"
"Its all about attitude"
"Oh youtube"
"This comment made my day"
"Well  that is a great question.."
"Amazing under/over shot of a Whale Shark"
"Plitvice  Croatia [900 x 589] (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Surprise Attack!"
":3"
"bunnies"
"Saw this in r/funny and I just had to make a gif"
"Bunnies"
"Barack Obama is doing a AMA  I wonder how reddits servers are holding up?"
"Pocahontas Is Your Lady"
"Hey Jude flow chart"
"derp"
"Down for the count"
"&quot;Catch&quot;"
"When you see it [nsfw]"
"I just came back from the future..."
"Thank you StumbleUpon"
"Just went onto memebase for the fist time in 6 months  this was my reaction"
"Oh t-rex you so silly..."
"What do you want to do tonight"
"And the award for best mom isn`t going to..."
"How to break bad news to your parents..."
"Logged on today to see it's my Reddit birthday."
"DUN DUN DUNNNNN!!!!"
"That is some real american pie."
"How i imagine getting on the front page feels."
"Oh  to be a teenager again."
"&quot;So I hear you're fond of literature&quot;"
"What I want to do every time some one says this to me"
"I'm just gonna leave this.. right.. there.."
"Oh Pinocchio! Yes!"
"I do not make a mature groomsman."
"I do not make a mature groomsman."
"You right now"
"Hey have you guys seen my hackintosh?"
"He wants a MacBook so bad..."
"Cheaper option."
"New Mac"
"MacBook 2.0"
"Skeptical third world kid upgraded to a mac."
"I miss those commercials"
"Safety Goggles"
"Just two jaguar cubs hugging eachother"
"How women should bottles..."
"New way of opening a bottle"
"New way of opening a bottle"
"Pop a top"
"Just introduced my little sister to Reddit"
"F*ck That!!"
"How the definition of beauty has changed in the past ~100 years"
"When I was banned from r/shitredditsays"
"Boner Plane?"
"Bar owner defending protestors against the police"
"Bar owner defending protestors against the police [FIXED]"
"Just go for the one in the middle  little buccaneer."
"Derpy pirate kitty"
"I'm having chest pains. Maybe I need a little snack."
"The frost on my windshield looks like mountains!"
"This guy is having the worst day ever!"
"The song goes so well with the GIF"
"Goldman Sachs running their own generators"
"Gordon Ramsay's got competition [FB]"
"Disregard the Constabulary"
"Well  that's something I've never seen before."
"This is the only search result for &quot;camel spider&quot; that you will like  guaranteed. (Also a warning)"
"Went to the store  saw this."
"Nice girlfri... oops sorry!"
"That's enough."
"Never!"
"I hope I can save some anuses..."
"Firecracker + ass = this [NSFW]"
"Here  kitty kitty."
"Panther acrobatics."
"Sherbert is my favorite ice cream.."
"Meanwhile  on Sesame Street..."
"When someone sits on a school bus seat that i was saving for my friend"
"2AM chili"
"I've started translating my Norwegian comic strips. I'll get you more if you want."
"Indecisiveness (x-post from r/comics)"
"This is how it actually happened"
"When we all have grand kids..."
"Stuffed Friend"
"Did not see that coming"
"But we need more Lemon Pledge"
"Law of the Wild"
"law of the wild"
"Louis C.K. nailed it"
"Young Clint Eastwood holding a young armadillo"
"Hi  I'm Clint Eastwood  and I approve this armadillo"
"I present to you  a photograph of Clint Eastwood holding a baby Armadillo."
"No it was  Cunt."
"The 1% Problem"
"Stop embarrassing us."
"Dear Dad"
"Gold Ferrari 599 GTB....."
"Damn Dad !!"
"Alex Honnold used no rope in this picture."
"I think this belongs here. NSFW."
"Just one more wheelchair costume"
"Wise  wise words."
"Turn it sideways and you clearly have a potato"
"It all makes sense now..."
"Gotta keep the pimp hand strong."
"king of cobra"
"is this animal cruelty?"
"It was my gift to the queen"
"Who did it?!!"
"She says it all..."
"Was it the fairest one of all?"
"as an American...its shit like this  America"
"everytime i think of microsoft word.."
"Write letterz n shit  yo"
"This one's old  but still one of my favorites."
"Whenever I Join a Server and Hear 6 Year Olds Trash Talking Over the Mic"
"Every time I peek into r/conspiracy"
"My dad and I went to Five Guys Burgers and Fries. He ordered a hot dog."
"How I feel right now after seeing every build cool things like movie theaters  kitchens  and new homes..."
"Eat it Bitch. (x-post r/gifs)"
"When cake day posts want karma"
"When I upvote a non-funny cake day post"
"Happy birthday to his face"
"Rockets mascot destroys laker fan"
"Eat it."
"The Real Reason I'm an Atheist."
"I have puppies instead of children."
"Saw this on Facebook  the cuteness must be shared!"
"Could be a celebration gif. But I love imagining the Snuggle bear saying  &quot;FUCK IT'"
"&quot;Fuck it!&quot;"
"The First time I had sex [FIXED]"
"50 Shades of Grey for men"
"So that's what the Jersey Shore cast are upto now."
"Seriously  who would do such a thing?"
"I'm sure this guy wont regret this in a few years..."
"How can someone think this is a good idea..."
"One for the fans"
"One for the fans"
"Searched &quot;cute spider&quot; and this came up. It might be shopped."
"Eight legged awww NOPE."
"Waiting in line for TDKR and hearing people coming out of the session before me talking about it"
"I quit WoW 1 year ago. This is how I react when my friends talk to me about it."
"Just donkeys."
"What an ass"
"Camouflage done correctly."
"Camouflaged Cat"
"Can we say.... AWKWARRRRD!"
"White Folk"
"Nailed it..."
"My friend introduced me to an African American fellow this ensued."
"My favorite photobomb  ever!"
"When my team actually cooperates and communicates in any game"
"Should we get another beer?"
"Wrong black guy"
"Wow. Just... wow."
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan.... wait a sec...."
"No not terry crews!!! Wait...... What?!?"
"RIP Terry Crews..."
"When I found out there's a movie theater for couples."
"All Movie Theaters Should be Like This"
"Waiting for a .gif to load before it is at full speed"
"Smashing indeed!"
"When my boyfriend says I look good."
"'Real Women...'"
"Facebook -.-"
"An extremely rare rainbow-colored pileus iridescent cloud over Ethiopia"
"Oh god Grover  why?!"
"German patriotism [from /r/PolandBall]"
"If I fits  I sits"
"The many roles of Johnny Depp"
"You don't want a problem with me  mang. I promise you dat."
"A very cool &quot;mooning&quot;."
"Playing with the moon"
"'Playing With The Moon'  by Laurent Laveder"
"Cooler hair  bro"
"After a recent period of heavy rain in upstate Wisconsin  forest fauna displayed a rarely documented form of vegetative oxidation indicating unusually high levels of atmospheric pollution. [/r/pollution_porn]"
"what the hell did science do"
"Coke and Mento's can go horribly wrong."
"Whenever I see someone I think is attractive"
"I see your Sodium Polyacrylate mixed with water and I raise you with Hydrogen Peroxide mixed with Potassium Iodide [GIF]"
"My favorite gif"
"Flying alligator about to eat a baby in 3D. That should about cover it."
"Taking the first step from religion  the leaving the safety you feel  for the freedom you will find..."
"Bad hair day??"
"How I feel when I hear a girl fart"
"How to meet the girl of your dreams"
"A ship's cannon..."
"I don't know why but this GIF is satisfying to watch. Battleship Gun Loading System."
"No cute animals so here's the only post I've ever submitted ! REPOST"
"Hipster Hitler: Juice."
"Tronlightyear!"
"Oh bacon  I'm going to miss you!"
"The Subway  Zion National Park- Utah [950x531]"
"If I wake up..."
"How I learned to use my parents stereo."
"How I learned to use my parents stereo."
"How I learned to use my parents stereo."
"Worst bellybutton ever?"
"This picture is full of WTF"
"Japanese porn"
"The truth about Instagram"
"Fingers. Om nom nom."
"Nom."
"I was in love with Red Pandas before my Reddit days  but why don't I see more baby pictures of them? Does anyone have one as a family member?"
"sorry  we do not have a microwave available to guests..."
"Look what I saw yesterday!"
"It's always phunny in silladelphia. (x-post from /r/IASIP)"
"How i felt when I got my first upvote"
"I will now forever see this in my nightmares."
"I found out it was my cake day..."
"I can't stop staring into his delicious eyes"
"Any love for a realistic Pikachu?"
"pi-ka-too cute!"
"Do you know how to make these?"
"Headphones in your pocket?"
"Almost there..."
"Animated Downvoting Roman Pony [xpost from r/mylittlepony]"
"The difference between iPhone 4S and iPhone 5"
"Pants aren't an issue...."
"POWER TO MAIN THRUSTERS"
"Oh how I laughed"
"Finger art [pics]"
"Happy Halloween"
"Classic Turk"
"It's all your fault!"
"Human Centipede"
"Doll of Nightmares"
"Like dolls aren't freaky enough already"
"Modest Book Collection"
"Big  small  messy  clean  doesn't matter - I'm into all kinds of bookshelf porn."
"Just finished a 20 pages essay. This is how I feel."
"How I feel about the Halloween costume pics right now."
"A day at the office goes from bad to uprising."
"A day at the office goes from bad to uprising."
"Oh whose line"
"I agree."
"Beans Motherfucker."
"The Black Night"
"Now is the winter..."
"x-ray of a stingray"
"X-ray"
"x-ray of a stingray"
"Really?"
"I present to you: the life of the Indian commuter"
"India Impossible"
"Invisible Wall"
"How the..."
"Oh Ned Stark..."
"TELL 'EM BOROMIR SENT YA!"
"I still think it could have worked..."
"A catapult. A fucking catapult."
"Lord of the Longest Gif in the World"
"Holy hell! Who remembers this show?!"
"Fuck everything about this"
"A giant web of nope!"
"This came across my FB... Whole lot of NOPE and NOPE"
"Welcome to the English language."
"The internet is powerful."
"Notorious B.I.G. at 6 years old  right after graduating from kindergarten in Brooklyn"
"Notorious BIG after graduating kindergarden. Cool as the other side of the pillow. [xpost from /r/hiphopheads]"
"I know it's a repost but this lil guy really brightens my day during finals"
"No  I don't think you understand"
"No! Bad Infomercial! That's not how it works!"
"When you seriously contemplate suicide"
"Does aww still have a soft spot for pugs? Especially sleepy ones with their tongues out?"
"One year on Reddit!"
"Shamelessly plugging his new mixtape..."
"How could America not want this man in charge?"
"8/10 would listen"
"Mitt Romney's latest attempt to get the ethnic vote"
"Scrolling fb newsfeed when suddenly.... R-MONEY"
"I remember my first time too."
"This is the last time we try anal (SFW)"
"Well  there goes my childhood"
"America  fuck yeah!"
"America  fuck yeah!"
"'Merica"
"America  fuck yeah! [FIXED] The sad truth."
"America  fuck yeah!"
"'Merican Cheese!"
"'Murica"
"NOM NOM NOM!!"
"Did we really need to zoom in? I think we got it."
"Say cheese"
"A better format for the debate"
"This was just on CNBC's live twitter feed on the debate..."
"This was broadcasted on CNBC. Look at the ticker at the bottom"
"Check out the news ticker..."
"agreed"
"Four more years."
"Pure fucking evil."
"Romney's Shit Eating Grin after Libya Press Conference"
"Romney right after condemning Obama shortly after the murder of Libyan Ambassador. Funny."
"I said NO DUCKS."
"I said NO DUCKS [x-post funny]"
"WWTF?"
"Dammit Jesus  quit stealing my heroin."
"Street Art in NYC [2272x1704]"
"NYC street art"
"Please  take a minute to think how small we are"
"Ever wonder how deep the ocean is?"
"It's frightening how deep it really is"
"Good guys..."
"Someone emailed me this  are these suppose to be GGGs?"
"So I googled &quot;the Iron Giants Head&quot;..."
"So you are driving home when suddenly... BAM!"
"Friends"
"Likecoholic"
"Facebook addiction"
"Pedobear dance"
"Not sure if cute... Or if animal cruelty..."
"Laser Balls"
"Right in the Baby Makers (X post from WTF)"
"ET?"
"I said no peeking! nooooooooooooooooo peeking!"
"I guess they're well-trained  at least"
"His name is Dick. No joke."
"We call him Richard."
"Guess his name!"
"Taste the rainbow"
"Has anyone in this family ever actually seen a chicken?"
"How my friends react to Arrested Development references"
"Irony?"
"I Google Images searched &quot;the definition of irony&quot; and this was the fourth result."
"Irony."
"Being a boss about users who use adblock."
"Saw this on OkCupid today. Why can't every website be like this?"
"I think it likes snakes."
"My Noble Steed"
"Guy on a snail. (X-post from /r/WTF)"
"Fire/Fire in Zero Gravity"
"Fire In Zero Gravity"
"Fire in zero gravity. (x-post from r/pics)"
"Scummbagg Iphone..."
"So this exists."
"RaawWWRrr!"
"Say whaat? Bitch be trippin"
"Dude! Take it easy!"
"Bitch  i dont even know what you're talkin about."
"Fun with FaceMorph."
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"Ron-Fucking-Swanson"
"I love this little fellow."
"The adorable Least Weasel in its all-white winter coat"
"Oh hai!"
"Watch Scooby Doo because..."
"&quot;Sir  I think we're going to need some scissors..&quot;"
"One of my favorite adaptations"
"It's my cake day..."
"Just Chillin"
"Keanu Sloth"
"Deal with it"
"When I Wake Up On A Cold Winter Morning In My Warm Bed"
"That Feel...."
"Father?"
"Just wow.....what a resemblance"
"Like Father Like Son"
"Father? [FIXED]"
"Childhood Obesity is Always Funny (oldie but a goodie)"
"It had to be done"
"It had to be done (fixed)[fixed]"
"It had to be done (fixed)"
"You know what they say..."
"The life of a swing voter"
"Airline screwed up  a friend just posted this on Facebook."
"Nicki minaj was sexy in '06"
"Great ad for 5Gum"
"How it feels to chew Five Gum."
"It's been a hard day's night  and I'd been working like a dog"
"&quot;Elderly Ninja&quot;? Really?!"
"Opposite Day!"
"It's Opposite Day!"
"opposite day"
"Letter home..."
"What goes through my head before submitting a link"
"Dear Reddit."
"Having a mature discussion on Reddit and my comments get downvoted for having legitimate misconceptions about the topic"
"When I see a number of people that have gotten twice the karma I have in less than half the time."
"Every time I see someone get lots of karma for reposting the Colin Mochrie gif"
"I see your class at 8am and post-grad work at 7am and raise you 4 am working in a bakery"
"Bobcat kitten and 3-day old fawn take shelter together after the Jesusita Fire in Santa Barbara   CA."
"I'll just leave this here. Bobcat curled up into a deer after a California wildfire. Picture taken by my cousin"
"A bobcat kitten and a fawn cuddle after a wildfire."
"Yeeeee muffins"
"Muffins  are you done?"
"Yeeee Muffins"
"Lost most of my phone contacts  going to school in a new city  and haven't had internet for a week. This has been me..."
"I'm having some problems"
"99 Problems"
"I'll just leave this here"
"How I felt having a family reunion at my house."
"Whenever friends of a friend are commenting on a picture I uploaded"
"Little cutie on the prowl"
"*Dies a little inside*"
"dude likes bacon"
"Looking For Some Fun?"
"everything you want in a man."
"He must like bacon..."
"I heard you like bacon"
"You know you want it."
"My favorite face swap ever"
"Is this real life?"
"Just imagine what it would be like"
"The future"
"Cooking for the glory of satan"
"Cooking...for the glory of Satan of course!"
"any love for a GIANT Newfoundland dog?"
"HOLY COW. This is a HUGE dog."
"Clifford the big black motherfucker."
"I visit my friend at work and see the Black version of Clifford"
"Clifford the big black motherfucker."
"Cute husky needs no clever title."
"this image cannot be explained [nsfl]"
"Randomly browsing through imgur seeds. I'm going to bed now..."
"Having a foot fetish browsing r/WTF right now."
"Pizza is ready!"
"I think this is the last time I spend time looking for creepy gifs."
"Ask the japanese to advertise some banana brand  what could possibly go wrong?"
"guess she really likes bananas..."
"I googled Pixar Banana gif..."
"Asian Robin Hood of Bananas... Still A Better Myth Story Then The Bible..."
"The Meaning of Life...."
"The Meaning of Life... in gif form"
"Dole bananas?"
"How Japan advertise bananas."
"What the fuck Japan!"
"I could watch this gif for hours and it would still make me smile."
"Meanwhile...in Japan."
"wut"
"Did somebody say bananas?"
"Bought Halo:CE Anniversary today  and have only one question..."
"I see your online gaming 1999 and raise your 2001! ( 2000 sucked for MP )"
"My all time favorite Halo map [FIXED]"
"Episode three delayed another month"
"Everybody Loves Gaben"
"University"
"How I feel like after nailing a job interview and then finding out my car got broken in to"
"How my week has felt so far. Thanks world!"
"Snake bus - nice work!"
"Bus advertising done right"
"Copenhagen Zoo - The wildest place in town!  Bates Y&amp;R [1400x835]"
"Hadrian's Wall"
"Hadrian's Wall"
"I was searching for Nokia factory  this was in the image results"
"what"
"Mac 'n Cheese"
"Thought reddit might like this"
"Just Heath Ledger jumping over Christian Bale on a skate board on the set of the Dark Knight"
"Just the Joker (Ledger) Jumping Over Batman (Bale) On a Skateboard"
"How to stop your kids from becoming Atheists."
"The Best way to keep your child from becoming an Atheist"
"That'll do the trick..."
"Everytime My Sister Shows Me Something On The Internet"
"When women talk about fashion"
"The reaction I expect from any Cake Day post I make."
"SubMan"
"Every time I get downvoted"
"How I feel whenever I drive pass a cop outside of their jurisdiction."
"How I feel when downvoting a moral post"
"My attitude toward classes now that I've got a job offer"
"How I feel when I am the first to get down with the stomach flu in the family."
"When I have more karma than my friends"
"This cat is a dick."
"Well that's an... interesting pose"
"Either an amazingly planned troll  or pure ignorance  i'm betting it's the latter."
"The ignorance with this one.. FB"
"Seriously  get me off this f*cking planet.."
"Oh dear... [fb]"
"Who is that?"
"Nirvana's #1 fan (FB)"
"Who actually is that?"
"Faith in humanity lost...."
"Oh dear... [fb][fixed]"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"Putting Sandy in perspective  as an Alaskan."
"For those of you who want to hallucinate  but can't afford them expensive drugs"
"In his opinion  one of the greatest inventions of all time!"
"Suddenly it becomes interesting"
"My response when asked by a co worker if I was doing no shave November (OMM)"
"So a hurricane is hitting Florida tomorrow and schools are shutdown. One of my co-workers asked our boss if we have to work tomorrow."
"All this talk about womens periods"
"My Granddad on the Jonas brothers"
"My dad came home from work tonight with a massive cut on his hand  he didn't seemed bothered by it but my mum flipped out. She insisted that he should be taken to the medical center to get stitches done up  he then dropped this line:"
"Overly manly man just doesn't get the hype"
"fuck trophies"
"Thats what their called now..."
"Looks like i'm not a real man.."
"Back in the day they used turnips instead of pumpkins. I think they look way creepier..."
"I personally feel that the older tradition of turnip carving is at least 20 times more scary than silly pumpkin carving."
"A traditional Irish turnip Jack-o'-lantern from the early 20th century"
"M.C. Escher + Legos"
"Never buy cutting knives from a dollar store."
"This bitch..."
"Just... Out... Of... Reach...."
"It's just been one of those Wednesdays..."
"Wednesday Giggles"
"Still makes me laugh"
"So Obama's doing an AMA..."
"Getting to know Obama's internet Secret Service members"
"The Barack Obama AMA in a nutshell..."
"The poor little guy ):"
"Poor little guy got so abused today ):"
"Something only the President is capable of"
"Something Only the President is Capable of"
"Sex is no accident..."
"Sex is No Accident [x-post from /r/WTF]"
"someone found this somewhere"
"Neandertallica!"
"METALLICA FANS!! I PRESENT TO YOU..."
"I want to be on this beach. ASAP."
"So much awesome! Beach sunset"
"Heaven"
"Mushroom clown..."
"Ouch."
"Thought I could use these"
"Piggly Wiggly Pig Shit Pizza (x-post from /r/shittyfoodporn)"
"Reading is for..."
"UPDATED: Solar CME with relative Earth - Imgur"
"Mass ejection from the sun [Pic]"
"NASA gets awesome pic of Magnificent CME erupting off the Sun"
"Suns Erupt [This is real!]"
"Oh  Its Justin Bieber's birthday today?"
"The general feeling I have about reposts"
"Yoga + kitty"
"Searched google images for &quot;reddit in a nutshell&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"..and this little kitty learned how to unhook a bra at a young age."
"r/aww just got a whole lot sexier"
"how to get upvotes on reddit."
"How I view redditors who give negative karma to the most genuine comments"
"Stupid Animals (gallery)"
"How I felt when I got on Facebook and everyone was posting pissed off statuses about the change."
"Oh Saul.."
"Shit tigger"
"Nice going  Tigger"
"Dog walking rule #124"
"The diagram below best illustrates"
"best answer"
"Giraffes"
"Brb  can't stop laughing"
"Free karma for Satan?!"
"'It's a boy' greeting card."
"It's a boy!"
"It's a boy!"
"That's.....nice?"
"So my wife and I were looking at baby announcement cards and I think we found the one"
"Greatest card ever!"
"Is it bad that the only thing I can think of is  &quot;The ladies will love him  he's very well hung.&quot;"
"Get well soon!"
"Get well soon!"
"Well at least he has his balloon"
"Get well soon..."
"So I decided to google &quot;badass&quot;"
"Ron Swanson"
"I'd watch the shit outta this show."
"Never thought I'd see something so badass on Pinterest."
"whoa"
"WTF did I just witness..."
"Just an arctic fox taking a nap (very efficiently)"
"Didn't remember this happened on Teletubbies..."
"wtf Teletubbies?"
"wtf teletubbies?"
"Teletubbies + Papa Smurf"
"I'm going to ruin your childhood."
"Every time i watch a new episode of breaking bad"
"[repost][bad quality] a very old picture"
"First successful permanent photograph - 1826"
"Beautiful/amazing: He helped save her  and in return  she swam in circles and nudged/thanked the divers that cut her out of tangled traps/lines"
"How I feel when all my posts get downvotes and I post something new"
"Help me even my link/comment karma?"
"How I feel when my link has already been submitted"
"When I miss a problem that I knew how to do on a test."
"How i feel when i get a downvoted"
"When I'm trying to open any item packaged in hard plastic."
"Every New Yorker's reaction when seeing a picture of the new World Trade Center being built on the front page and all the karma it received."
"Jon Stewart of the daily show goes nuts."
"In a class of 84 students and a last name beginning with S  this is how I feel during attendance."
"When people write out the tweet in the title  and then I click the link only to see a screen shot of the title in Twitter format"
"Trying to come up with ideas for cakeday posts."
"Welcome to r/aww"
"The best and brightest behind the battle to secede"
"I fixed the Texas Secdee banner"
"Happiest dog in the world"
"I have no idea what I'm doing."
"Nicolas Cage was cast as Superman in 1998. Here is a picture of him as the Man of Steel."
"That last pie was a mistake"
"Zippity zoo bop!"
"BOING"
"If you can read this  turn me over."
"Merica!"
"This is how we do it in merica."
"How I imagine Spot  Datas cat  during the occasional disaster on the Enterprise."
"Maybe?"
"Did the imgur search everyone's been getting karma for  found something reddit might enjoy"
"About to hit 100 Karma"
"How to make chocolate milk [NSFW] nasty  do NOT watch while drinking!"
"This picture gives me the chills..."
"This picture depicts the topic of death as an atheist in such a beautiful way"
"He asked &quot;Will you marry me?&quot; and the cat....the cat said &quot;Yes!!!&quot;"
"I found your kitty."
"Oh hai..I am here to return this"
"&quot;Pardon me sir? Did you lose a cat?&quot;"
"&quot;Pardon me sir? Did you lose a cat?&quot;"
"...can I help you?"
"Is this yours?"
"There goes my hero..."
"did you lose a karma?"
"Did you order a kitten?"
"Scuse me...Anybody know the owner of this kitteh?"
"Human  I got this for you."
"Hope this is not a repost. Rescue Racoon!"
"Orgasm Face"
"...I don't even."
"Thought this belonged here."
"Why I take so long in the shower..."
"all by myself"
"Dat nose."
"Only in Thailand..."
"My reaction to &quot;Online Porn&quot; 6 years ago."
"Girl in astronomy class argued the Earth was 6 000 years old  not 4.5 billion"
"MIND BLOWN. LITERALLY."
"When I found out it was Pi Day  and also my Cake Day..."
"Mind blown. Man wearing glasses and black turtle neck shirt with firework explosions."
"Me after finally using an Xbox controller for The Witcher 2 on my PC..."
"The moment I encounter something/someone beautiful..."
"Logging onto Reddit to see that my karma doubled overnight"
"accidentally pressed shift+esc in google chrome"
"Just dipped an oreo into chocolate milk for the first time."
"i remember seeing this from a video  could you guys find the source?"
"It doesnt make sense. I can't stop watching it."
"Congratulations!"
"A Shell Shocked Soldier from 1916 [Warning: Creepy]"
"Wulffmorgenthaler knows."
"Gangnam style."
"The creation of Gangnam style"
"Gangnam style"
"WHAT is on Tumblr these days?"
"We all know where the Rainbow really ends"
"They Were Right! There Is A Pot Of Gold At The End OF The Rainbow!"
"Better than a pot of gold"
"Stupid sexy Flanders!"
"This Hallowe'en  I feel like I'm wearing nothing at all...nothing at all...nothing at all..."
"Stupid sexy Flanders!"
"Stupid sexy Halloween costume"
"I'll have one please"
"“Shut up and take my money!”"
"I watched this for literally 5 minutes waiting for them to hit the water..."
"I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS BEFOAR"
"WooHoo! I would swing and sing that all day!"
"Waterpark swing"
"Most fun one could possibly have. Hands down."
"This is pretty awesome"
"Awesome Swing-set!"
"I would like one please (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"I googled &quot;I googled&quot; because everyone keeps submitting &quot;I googled&quot; content  and I got this."
"I googled &quot;I googled&quot;."
"WTF is going on here?"
"Nothing can describe this"
"My friend has this on her fb"
"Meet Rex  the baby golden retriever"
"Onesie"
"Is that a onesie???"
"What the Title Says - A cow photobombing a horse stuck in a fence"
"The news  here in Australia"
"A cow photobombing a horse stuck in a fence.... nuff said"
"immediately thought of this"
"Cow Photobomb"
"Cows are assholes"
"Cow photo bomb!"
"The club can't even handle me right now"
"Can't touch my moves!"
"Top 10 things on my to do list"
"Cute enough to be a repost?"
"I think the translation is a little off."
"In defense of Fahrenheit"
"Finally  the popular mobile game comes to life!"
"What in the actual fuck? Did this actually happen?"
"Next level laziness"
"Part of your world!"
"Excuse me  but I mustache you a question..."
"&quot;A baby octopus hatching  Pramuka Island  Indonesia.&quot; Photographer: Simon Chandra"
"Baby octopi hatching from their eggs."
"Baby Octopus"
"baby squid hatching"
"This dog's got swag"
"So.. its a dog.. dressed as 2 pirates carrying a treasure chest. Brilliant!"
"Best dog costume ever."
"Just a dog dressed as two pirates carrying a treasure chest"
"The dog costume to end all dog costumes"
"I come home and my dog won't stop being gay."
"I think my dog is suspect..."
"WHY U LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT?"
"my faggot dog"
"This Makes Me Laugh Far More Than It Should."
"Every day"
"My reaction to getting a Google+ Invite"
"&quot;You're charging me how much for the sauteed bamboo shoots?!&quot;"
"When you eat some where fancy and finally get the bill"
"When you go to a fancy restaurant and get the bill"
"What Woody the cowboy did with his Toy Story royalty check."
"Woody?!"
"The most wtf thing I've seen on 4chan"
"Yes  that is a girl in a realistic spider costume giving someone a blowjob. [NOT SAFE FOR ARACHNOPHOBES] (x-post from /r/spacedicks)"
"I feel that /r/WTF has been lacking recently. What say we have a &quot;most fucked-up gif&quot; competition? I'll start... [NSFL]"
"Octomom Released A Blowjob Video Too Apparently [NSFW]"
"you raise a valid point..."
"rob dyrdek took a turn in life"
"How I felt waking up this morning with 4G for the first time."
"Simply memorizing."
"This is probably how I look on the dance floor."
"This is probably how I look on the dance floor [FIXED]."
"Chillin"
"Like a Glove!!!"
"I hate people that take up two parking spaces"
"I guess your point of view depends on how you see the world..."
"Reminder that we all have a different perspective"
"Lil' bunny doing some much-need shopping. (x-post from r/aww)"
"Cuteness overload"
"White People"
"Pretty fly for a white guy?"
"How I feel being a Christian on Reddit"
"Went to a rave for the first time yesterday."
"Hmmmm... Too much white"
"How I feel as an unsuccessful Redditor looking at the frontpage."
"Waking up after a big night on the town."
"Everyone else is starting halloween early  so have some teacup pigs."
"Firefox"
"Now what!?"
"&quot;hey guys  does I get dinner too?&quot;"
"Nick Cage Coming In Hot!"
"Where can i buy this  part 2"
"You caught me off guard there!"
"This flower is moving!?"
"A majestic male lion reveals his ‘inner cub’ as he becomes fixated on a little butterfly passing by."
"Found out it was my Reddit Birthday &amp; did this."
"When I pour cereal in to the bowl and there's no milk in the fridge."
"Where the wild things are"
"Halloween on NYC subway"
"Where the wild things are costume"
"Baby Platypus"
"Two baby ducks. No  wait  not ducks!"
"I can't stop blinking"
"Eye Drop"
"Eyedrops[pic] (x-post from r/pics)"
"Getting a drunk dial when I'm sleeping"
"When I forgot my alarm was set from the week and it goes off during the weekend"
"When a friend's text wakes me up from a nap"
"I hate browsing reddit when in a bad mood"
"How I feel after almost a year of posting OC  I doubled my karma overnight with a repost of a cat."
"When the 20th repost gets more upvotes then all my stuff combined"
"Going back to work the day after a holiday"
"When works got you down."
"When I see something on the internet that I consider posting on Reddit  then decide it wouldn't do well  then see it on the front page"
"When my dad found out he was paying 70 dollars for 5MBS download speed  when he could be paying 36 for 25 MPBS"
"How I feel as a Brit who just woke up to Obama's AMA...that just finished."
"How I felt  Its my cake day  I tried to whore my dog for karma and I failed"
"When my plans are ruined by getting called into work..."
"How I felt when I realized I missed my cake day"
"My attitude anywhere after the first five weeks of school"
"Just found out i missed my first cake day"
"Me  tomorrow  at my shitty job  when I start my dream job in a week"
"When I go to make a witty comment only to find someone has beaten me to it"
"All-American Breakfast"
"Groovin'"
"Best pick-up line ever; “Let’s go eat  I’m paying.”"
"Me when I eat bacon"
"cham*pain (n.)"
"This is deep."
"This guy's neighborhood told him he couldn't hang an American flag in his front yard  this was his response. 'Merica  fuck yea."
"This guy was told by his Homeowners Association that he couldn't fly the American flag in his yard."
"This guy was told he couldn't fly an American flag in his yard this is how he responded."
"Power Ranger - The greatest wrestler of them all."
"[Request] Brothers  this in [1440x900]"
"Culture clash between two brothers on modern vs. tradition - absolutely breathtaking"
"The Old and the New"
"I think its clogged...."
"WTF grass roots campaign 2012"
"The Dogship Enterprise"
"USS Enterprise Dog"
"Man turns his dog into the USS Enterprise."
"Man turns his dog into the USS Enterprise."
"The Journey"
"America."
"How I feel driving in an unfamiliar place."
"Finally Figured Out Why That Homeless Man Stood In The Same Spot Every Morning"
"I Stood Here For A While  Nothing Happened…"
"Stood here for a good while on the way to work this morning.. Nothing happened.."
"The appearance and structure of the city Minas Tirith in The Lord of the Rings were based upon Mont-Saint-Michel."
"Hey girls  so where is the party at tonight?"
"Now... How about a hugggg!?"
"That Ray! Haha ... He just loves to photobomb tourists."
"Stingray Photobomb"
"I see your Scandinavian school lunches  and present my American school lunch"
"And an American public school lunch..."
"Soon..."
"Soon..."
"When my boss is in a bad mood and I want time off."
"Watching the view thinking you won the argument vs THE WOMAN"
"How I feel downvoting in /new"
"Oh you!"
"did someone say something about a &quot;binder full of women&quot;"
"Oh Billy  Billy boy  when are you going to find whatever it is you're lookin' for?"
"This was a great uplifter on a rainy day. Classic Bill [fb]"
"Now this is some back seat driving ..."
"Golden Gate Bridge buried in fog"
"Lake and ocean on two levels [Faroe-islands]"
"Two Levels [Faroe Island]"
"Am I doing it right?"
"You stay classy Google"
"Everything means something somewhere"
"Excellent Origin customer service"
"All i said was OP is ugly"
"GG Omegle"
"Oh Google Translate..."
"Im hearing a lot about Mc Chris today.."
"Every time I think I've got something great..."
"... And they called themselves 'The Aristocrats'"
"This takes awkward family photo to a new level."
"Awkwardest family photo ever? (xpost /r/pics)"
"Weird family photo..."
"What my first cake day feels like"
"Saw this as a screen saver at school. Thought you guys would enjoy it."
"shark swimming on street in Jersey Shore"
"Pyramid of german helmets from WW1. (New York  1918)"
"Well  that's awkward."
"Bill Clinton: Wheeeeeeew!"
"Bill Clinton Gets Super Excited At Obama Campaign Event"
"I didn't say all that stuff I said the last two years!"
"Bill Clinton"
"Vintage Obama"
"Only one way to go"
"Barack Obama smoking a joint."
"Don't like politics... But I find this funny"
"Don't tell me..."
"Don't tell me..."
"How to NOT protest."
"Similar to re posting a failing link."
"How not to protest."
"Chewbacca on a squirrel  fighting Nazis."
"Chewbacca on a squirrel fighting Nazis"
"I'll just leave this here."
"get out of my house"
"Not today  bitch."
"Out of nowhere..."
"This is what I picture downvotes to be like"
"How it feels to post on Reddit some days"
"This is my all time favorite gif of all time. My sides are in so much pain right now!"
"Batman finally snaps."
"A year ago i created an account to like this post  and i don't regret it"
"So perfect."
"Bringing Numa Back"
"Sweet 70's Dreams"
"When my friend dropped the f-bomb during dinner with my parents"
"When my friend dropped the f-bomb during dinner with my parents"
"Gotta admit  it's kinda mesmerizing."
"This one works with 70's show too"
"That's So Party Boy Show"
"Teenage Mutant Halloween"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Melons"
"Teenage Mutant Watermelon Turtles!"
"Carve-a-bunga dudes!"
"As a fan of Bacon  this helps me appreciate art."
"Hey guys  I found it!"
"Every Kiss Begins With..."
"Fifty Shades of..."
"I want to play the slender man game but i can't find a site that will let me download it. I have Diablo 3 guest passes for whoever links me to a site that lets me play it."
"50 Shades of Grey? More like 50 shades of..."
"call me slowpoke but i just heard this used"
"Some village in &quot;Kenia&quot;..."
"Kill it with fire."
"There are so many things wrong with this picture"
"What I wouldn't give to play with one of these..."
"I feel like r/aww could use a little break from cats and dogs. I present to you  the cutest Red Panda (AKA Firefox) on the face of the planet!"
"For people who make the front page by posting an animated gif for people to make the front page by complaining about people who make the front page."
"My reaction when someone says they're going to report me to the mods of some shitty little subreddit."
"When i correct a teacher in class..."
"Every time someone still tries to talk to me about Invisible Children"
"Summing up /r/gonewild"
"Apple and Sandy"
"After my first (and last) visit to r/spaceclop"
"How I feel after looking at a page of WTF"
"How i feel when the first negative comment on my post is downvoted to oblivion"
"Literally thought WTF. &quot;Saved By The Bell&quot; Lisa...then and now."
"As a young white boy  Lisa Turtle (Lark Voorhees) was the first black girl I had a crush on. Now she looks like this."
"Cat Model"
"saw this while driving to work"
"Get Well Soon  poor raccoon"
"my friends think life and death is just a game...."
"Here's to a speedy recovery."
"on my way home from the exotic animals vet..."
"Giada misses the point"
"Is this the fattest kidnapper you've ever seen?"
"mug shot"
"What I do when I see a person I went to high school with."
"When my comments begin to receive a lot of downvotes"
"How I feel this week being from North Carolina."
"How I feel EVERY Week Being from Tennessee"
"My first reaction when I see someone I know walk into the place where I'm working."
"When I try to show my parents a funny video"
"Well  fuck... (from my front porch)"
"It's a big ass shart"
"A lack of crackers"
"A lack of crackers"
"Bad time to stop a Nikki Minaj video."
"The Sadness of Pain au Chocolat"
"The Unbearable Lightness of Being Chocolate"
"Pain and Sadness"
"say no to planking..."
"My little brother wants to make a reddit account..."
"Reddit when the words &quot;cakeday&quot; are put into a cakeday post."
"Foxman  it's really big on the internet! If you see him you take a picture and post it to reddit to get kar-"
"Get your own teddy bear!"
"Just a Cat and it's Teddy"
"Dis mine..."
"Cat hugging a teddy bear"
"Just a cat cuddling a teddy bear (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Dog treats are going too far! Check out &quot;The Package&quot;"
"Damn Nature"
"MOVE BITCH (also)"
"How I feel when I give someone my work and that person get's a better grade."
"Scumbag Buffalo"
"Bison says  &quot;move.&quot;"
"Whenever the teacher says to take notes"
"Dont be sad"
"Taking the young cub for a walk through the snow"
"How to save on dog food"
"This guy has an anteater"
"Searched &quot;NicholasCat.&quot; Words cannot express..."
"8.99/lb for this crap?"
"The cake is a lie..."
"Pancakes? There? Nah..."
"Pancakes"
"Found this ad while browsing. I thought Reddit would like."
"I didnt even have to swap there faces..."
"My favorite picture from the haunted house album"
"Made me lmao. Haunted house pic."
"Nearly every month  someone submits a TIL &quot;there was an atomic bazooka.&quot; Well  the atomic bazooka sits in the lobby of my office."
"The longer you stare at it  the creepier it gets."
"Oh you crazy cat..."
"Play me off  Salem!"
"One of my favorite gifs of all time."
"play me off Johnny!"
"PLAY HIM OFF JOHNNY!"
"Ragtime Cat"
"Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche."
"Finally a way to use my iPad and drink coffee!"
"Theres a cat doing poo in our garden!"
"What I look for in a woman."
"Scrolling through my news feed when suddenly..."
"Funniest name ever"
"4 legged man"
"Mother of God..."
"Gets me every time"
"Russian penguin"
"Russian Penguin /updated"
"Russian Penguin"
"How I feel about the weather recently"
"I personally like soccer and I don't think it's gay but..."
"A picture of an excited man with another man jumping on his back"
"He was looking at his wife...?"
"Happy Zlatan"
"This is probably old  but it's how my summer is starting to look"
"Googled 'Manatee' and felt lucky  punk."
"Just a reminder..."
"As a man who can't grow facial hair well this is very inspirational."
"Perseid Meteor Shower - Mount Teide National Park  Canary Islands [2000x1125]"
"First attempt.... Perseid Meteor Shower[2000x1125]"
"Reddit comment threads in a nutshell [OC]"
"Whoever created this deserves an award."
"This is gold. [My thanks to Generalwarts   the creator of Reactiongifarchive]"
"Shit  it's my Reddit birthday and I only have a few minutes to use the computer. Is this redeemable for any karma?"
"imgur roulette .. awww"
"Played imgur roulette  got this little guy"
"&quot;Music&quot; Television"
"Identify who each of them?"
"Saw this recently"
"Taking advantage of BYO cup day at 7-Eleven"
"Two girl  one cup?"
"I see your Slurpee bucket and raise you a Slurpee shell pool"
"BYO Cup Day? I think so!"
"What a real cup looks like at slurpee day"
"So they had a BYO slurpee cup at 7/11 (fixed)"
"I see your bring your own cup to 7/11  and raise you this:"
"You think that's an impressive slurpee cup? I present to you the KING of slurpee cups."
"I see your slurpee bucket  and raise you a slurpee..."
"So they had BYO slurpee cup at 7/11 [FIXED]"
"BYO pool free slurpee 7/11 day"
"I see your BYO slurpee cup and raise you a pool"
"I see your &quot;BYO slurpee cup at 7/11&quot; and raise you!"
"I see your Slurpee cup  and raise you a Slurpee pool"
"So they had BYO slurpee cup at 7/11 [FIXED]"
"I see your bucket sized Slurpee and i raise to you mini pool sized Slurpee"
"BYO slurpee cup day at 7/11  like a boss"
"What always comes to mind whenever I hear this song"
"Cutest cat in the world"
"High kitteh is high"
"A true redditor"
"Every pool needs to have this [x-post IfIWonTheLottery]"
"A whole lot of redditors found out about the AJ method of upvoting"
"Being drunk on r/funny"
"How a real pro gets Karma"
"When i realize I've been forgetting to up-vote things."
"Browsing the new section of r/aww"
"finally going on reddit after not having internet for five days"
"Expectations"
"Transistor Act"
"Seems legit."
"Me scusi  me scusi!"
"Kid gets run over by dog"
"Not once  but twice"
"Cheetah cubs: sometimes pictures tell a story - Imgur"
"Children Failing at Life"
"What reposts do to OC"
"THIS is how &quot;twilight&quot; SHOULD have ended."
"No way! Way!"
"Dumb babies"
"Map of undersea cables (X post from pics)"
"Like I Give A Fuck"
"No fucks given."
"Whenever I see a post about Donald Trump bitching about something."
"Get a job? (probably a repost but it still gets me every time)"
"my entire life post-graduation."
"Every anime with motorcycles. (plus a puppy"
"WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY..."
"deceptive clouds .. sneak attack!"
"The end is nigh"
"My single greatest fear in life"
"Mushroom kingdom is under attack!"
"My Fav Gif of all time"
"Look Up in the Sky!"
"I just... I don't even."
"Gambling."
"Gambling."
"Ultimate Wine Cellar [960 × 956]"
"If this is a real thing  I want it in my house"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Whatever floats your goat."
"You tell em' Bane!"
"You think that gives you power over me!?"
"Every. Day."
"This guy deserves a big trophy."
"Are you staring at my chest?!?"
"Whenever I'm down  I look at this and form a lot of unanswerable questions"
"It's okay  reddit..."
"When my friends get easily offended"
"Whenever i see two people arguing on facebook"
"When I beat a friend at anything"
"There's no need to be upset ^.^"
"Cheer up."
"Somewhere on the planet earth  this has happened.."
"Trying to educate myself on the Higgs boson"
"When i tried listening to the debate tonight"
"Taking tests in a fast paced foreign language course."
"I took my SAT today  This was me during the critical reading sections"
"OAG....She's there.....she's always there...."
"OAG....She's there.....she's always there...."
"OAG......She watching you......"
"Guess what Louisiana!"
"Me  after asking someone to repeat themselves and still not hearing them."
"When you get stuck with someone you just met"
"When I make eye contact with the only other sober person at the party."
"As an English man this is how I feel after hearing about the American heat wave"
"When I see delicious food pics as a college student"
"This is what happens when you downvote  people."
"Saddest gif ever."
"HIFW I heard Jason Segel might be leaving HIMYM after season 8."
"Sad Kitteh"
"After multiple failed attempts to gain karma for my bday  this is how feel."
"The most depressing thing in the world"
"The most depressing thing in the world 2"
"Every time I hear this song"
"Never has a GIF left me so heart broken..."
"I just paid my credit card bill and this is how I feel"
"When my nephew asks for birthday money."
"How I feel after every month I pay money for rent and my car"
"As an university student  this describes me when my friends ask me to go out to the club every weekend"
"He thinks he's people."
"Dog crossing the street..."
"I want one again so bad..."
"Ain't no one can do halloween like THE ROCK"
"The Rock dressed up as The Hulk"
"sooo  The Rock dressed up for Halloween this year. I dare you to make fun of him"
"Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson's halloween costume this year"
"Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson as the Incredible Hulk  Halloween 2012. Wow."
"The Rock as The Hulk"
"That's it  The Rock has won Halloween."
"IF ya SMEEEEeeeEEELLLLL  What the HULK is COOKIN !"
"Do ya SMELLLLLLL... what the Hulk is cookin'!?"
"The Rock becomes The Hulk"
"He hit the jackpot!"
"Spot the difference"
"Atheist ideology  beliefs and ideas are disgusting!!! Is THIS what you call civilized rationality?"
"Lobster baby"
"Googled 3 blind mice costume  that's close enough."
"I want that one!"
"Opening Reddit for the first time since the blackout"
"don't touch me human"
"Things just got serious around here."
"Me  seeing my wife exit the shower with neatly trimmed lady parts"
"A gift from the land of the rising sun."
"How I feel crossing the 10k Karma Barrier.."
"What game is this from?"
"Night life"
"Night Life  Version 2"
"I was thinking more like this..."
"Night life (fixed)"
"Night Life [FIXED]"
"Night Life [FIXED FIXED FIXED]"
"More dystopian  but I thought of r/Cyberpunk as soon as I saw this [x-post from r/gifsound]"
"Haunting  yet beautiful."
"The stare I give my mom when she walks in the room on the phone while I'm watching a movie"
"Love how he stares at him"
"I don't know what this is  seriously WTF."
"Just got back from France"
"aliens  aliens everwhere!"
"NOT a happy camper"
"You would all watch every single lap."
"He does a shitty job"
"It's my cakeday so...."
"How I imagine people posting on their cake day."
"Mass Effect 3 was terrible! I can't believe it ended like that!"
"Been waiting almost 2 months to post this"
"Olympic divers make funny faces"
"When I realize today is my cake day  20 minutes to midnight."
"How I feel today trying to follow the Higgs boson stuff."
"This deer was outside my house this morning"
"At least he got a balloon... (maybe NSFW)"
"Feel better!"
"Get well soon"
"Best present ever!"
"Goats are like mushrooms..."
"Goats are like mushrooms.If you shoot a duck  I'm scared of toasters."
"You know the old saying..."
"Don't do drugs kids.."
"Goats are like mushrooms.. found this looking for labyrinth era bowie pics... not seeing the correlation"
"Now I've seen some shit in my day  but this..."
"How I feel after exams and weeks of studying"
"My Favorite Picture...EVER."
"No idea what you just said."
"I don't even..."
"Stuff that pops up on my newsfeed."
"Lol wut"
"Finally. Someone understands me."
"One of my friends posted this. Would someone care to explain the meaning behind it or is it really that random? (FB)"
"Yea  that sounds about right..."
"insanity achieved"
"googled dafuq? i think this is abit wtf."
"So i found this in my family photos folder. No idea where it came from."
"Damn kids"
"Take that you little shit."
"12 year old doing it right on a homework assignment..."
"It's just a BAGEL!"
"Once you vote black..."
"Definitely been wondering this lately."
"Really though"
"Life in a College Dorm"
"My thoughts on /GW"
"Soon"
"With the Italian Grand Prix this weekend  here is a gif I made from the start of last year's race."
"Haven't posted in a few months - had to bome back just to share this gif with the world."
"Ultimate seal Photobomb"
"Derp Seal Strikes Again"
"Quick! Take the shot before- (sigh)"
"I had Chiplotle for the first time today. Fuck yeah!"
"Drunk Me at a Club"
"What the Knights of New observe"
"Moshing"
"Put them out of their misery"
"Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Nightmares"
"Ocarina of Nightmares"
"Oh god why?"
"redbull gives you wings"
"I only wish I was that baddass"
"Blowing a bubble.... anybody got the source of this?"
"On tosh"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Mini-Bike [gif]"
"/r/politics right now"
"r/politics right now."
"Nick Offerman without his mustache"
"I am going to have to try this sometime."
"Gender Equality"
"Britains new military force"
"Awwwwkwaaaard"
"YEP!"
"What all my submissions lack... *magic*"
"Viewing Reddit after downloading RES"
"When I diet and bust my ass at the gym for months and my fat coworker asks me how I lost all the weight."
"What I think a SAN engineer is doing when he swaps LUNs to bring resource groups back online for a Cluster."
"That moment when you thank God these aren't your parents."
"Such a beautiful family photo"
"So I just powered on the new gaming pc that I built and heard that boot-beep for the first time"
"Wake up! I wanna play!"
"WHEN SOMEONE TRIES TO WAKE ME UP AFTER PARTYING ALL NIGHT…"
"Friends new Golden Retriever/Siberian Husky mix"
"I would be powerless."
"How I feel seeing all these &quot;This is me at 8am Class posts&quot; as a recent graduate who works at 7AM everyday"
"How I feel seeing all these &quot;This is me at 8am Class posts&quot; as a senior who still has to go to 6:30 a.m. class"
"When ever some one does a IamA after Obama's"
"I logged in today and saw that I missed my cakeday"
"Well it's my cake day and..."
"&quot;Oh...might as well take a picture&quot; [GIF]"
"No Cheating!!"
"No Cheating!"
"I Have This Problem Too"
"The same thing happens when Reddit finds a cool link"
"So... is this why they say once you go black you never go back? (Considerably NSFW)"
"The shortest distance between two points"
"So long sucker!"
"troll monkey."
"I never get tired of this monkey..."
"Fearless (X-post)"
"The Nitronic Four"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"A baby Polar Bear"
"Starry Mountains"
"Captain America's weakness"
"Captain America's weakness (Cross-Post from /r/funny)"
"Captain America Downvote."
"CAPTAIN AMERICA"
"The B-Team Avengers"
"FUCK YEAH"
"Captain America at his best"
"Accidentally clicking a starcraft link"
"Hearing someone actually use a meme in a real life conversation:"
"Finally broke down and went to r/spacedicks. My reaction:"
"When someone says  &quot;I'll miss Jersey Shore&quot;"
"How I feel every time I'm in /r/wtf"
"How does this even work...?"
"How does this even work...?"
"How would this even work...?"
"The original gangnam style!"
"Flight of the bumble Asian"
"Understanding the classics"
"First GifSound  not bad"
"Every Damn Time"
"When Ever My Post Gets Downvoted"
"Seeing someone got 1000+ upvotes by reposting my link"
"How i feel as a high school student who has to get up at 6AM every morning..."
"How I feel seeing all the kitchen  home theater room  and house renovation threads as a poor person."
"To anyone telling me not to karma whore on my cake day..."
"headshot!"
"Cat trying to catch a snowball [x-post from r/cats]"
"BOOM! Headshot!"
"Jerry..."
"Differences between a hobo and a hipster"
"We must be having an identical twin-ception going on here."
"Yo dog so I herd you like twins..."
"If all gangsters did this  I would support pimping."
"Tryin' to catch him ridin' dirty."
"Every time I visit this subreddit..."
"Me when i saw all the &quot;ACTA failed to pass&quot; posts"
"Me when redditing while drunk."
"What I do when I discover an extremely perverse chain of comments on Reddit..."
"What sorcery is this!? He gives away upvotes  but the amount in his hand remains the same!"
"This is all I did today"
"Since today is my 21st birthday  i felt like doing this for everyone"
"Whenever people start commenting on one of my submissions..."
"Me on reddit tonight after finishing my last final."
"On r/wheredidthesodago/top  I've just been pressing and 'a' and 'j' repeatedly. This is how i feel."
"For everyone posting the new Man of Steel trailer..."
"When I come across a thread I like"
"When I noticed its my cake day"
"Destroying your ex's property is NOT something to be proud of"
"I think butters has it all figured out"
"Wise words from Butters"
"Since graduating over a year ago  this sums up my experience in the &quot;real world&quot; so far."
"Trying to check out the Obama AMA"
"My first time playing Slender"
"What I picture people who claim repost look like"
"Stunning"
"i want to live here"
"Zombie Fortress?"
"Magestic Aogashima island"
"Aogashima  Japan"
"Aogashima  Hachijo Subprefecture  Tokyo  Japan"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like volcanoes so...."
"Amazing pic. Can anyone tell me where this is?"
"The amazing Aogashima Island"
"So after 9 years of playing french horn  I had my first piano lesson today."
"How I feel when i'm getting head"
"How I felt when I forgot my smartphone on my desk when I went to take a dump at work..."
"I just had sex for the first time."
"How I feel sitting on a crowded couch"
"Had my first blow job the other day..."
"Foreplay for the first time..."
"Sometimes  average is exactly what you want."
"Average female faces based on country."
"Average faces of women from a list of countries. Absolutely breathtaking."
"Realizing everything on Facebook is now about basketball"
"When all of my friends are starting to get married and I realize I'm that age now."
"When I realize I'm out of toilet paper"
"When I realize im out of toilet paper"
"Reddit after installing RES"
"My casual &quot;What are you doing?&quot; face (First post"
"when my boss tells me that i'll be working overtime"
"Couldn't help it  this was all I could think when I saw this gif"
"Bert reads 50 shades of Grey"
"What!?"
"The first time I saw a vagina"
"Trying to find the water heater pilot light in the little window..."
"When my mom is cooking something in the oven and I'm really hungry."
"When I drop some bud on the floor and can't find it"
"When you see it..."
"Everytime I'm at an aquarium."
"Dropping a nug between my car seats."
"Multi-million dollar cameras at work."
"Temple made of gold"
"Karma is nice  but this is what I really want for my cake day."
"OHMYGODABALLLLL"
"Basically how I get out of bed in the morning."
"Pure Strength"
"How I feel being 38/m and single..."
"How I feel being 27/m and single...[FIXED]"
"Stupid allergies"
"Best balloon animal ever?"
"Best Balloon Animal"
"This Dino blows."
"Best Lawyer Ever"
"The casting director of Breaking Bad did a fine job in selecting this man."
"Bears"
"My God... (Pizaa. Cutting. Fork.)"
"I like trains !"
"Gender gap explainer"
"Abortion Losers"
"Finally  something political from my FB feed worth sharing"
"I Don't understand why people say the stories in the tabloids aren't real."
"So I'm at that point of being a Redditor where I see something  and know it belongs here..."
"Me  realizing I have nothing planned for my first cakeday."
"No! Bad cobra!"
"Laying down the law!"
"And you go over here-No! Bad snake! ...poor snake..."
"Man in Syria whose house was bombed  drinking tea with zero fucks given"
"Syrian man giving no fucks that the government wrecked his home"
"whoops."
"Fabulous!"
"Fabulous Bitches"
"sin(b)/tan(b)="
"sin(b)/tan(b)="
"Don't hassle the Cos!"
"For the math type nerds out there"
"Calculus at its finest."
"The Only Geometry Formula I Will Ever Remember"
"This is a car crossing the border with California."
"Drug smuggler's Fail"
"almost made it"
"When the DMV is too costly in Mexico you are force to try the alternative. Illegal Immigration #fail!"
"When I woke up this morning and had an Amazon email receipt for &quot;50 Shades of Grey&quot; that my wife purchased last night for her Kindle"
"When Taco Bell told me they ran out of beef yesterday..."
"My sister said tumblr was better than reddit."
"Anytime someone uses Real Mature as a title in r/funny..."
"Falcon...KNEE!"
"Captain Falcon goes to the doctor"
"When someone asks me for directions"
"When someone asks where a particular person sits in my office building."
"I love this man"
"Swan Ronson"
"Monorail cat's got nothing against ... Rocket Dog!"
"being a dog. like a boss."
"i think you dropped this!"
"♫ Brusha  Brusha  Brusha ♫ Get the new Ipana ♫ With the brand new flavor ♫ Its dandy for your teeth"
"Brush'em  private!"
"Sleep tight  Reddit!"
"Universal trip to our homeplace"
"Trip through the cosmos [xpost from /r/space]"
"One Day."
"Lion King IRL"
"King Lion"
"Look here...Everything the light touches is our Kingdom"
"Mufasa"
"Lion King [IRL]"
"Lion King in real life"
"Real life Pride Rock......"
"Ballsy only"
"Don't mind me  I'm just flying my boat"
"When I make a sarcastic comment on someone's status  and they remove it."
"Getting Down-Votes On A Good Post"
"After surviving a popped pimple in the death triangle..."
"Whenever I receive 0 karma for a post this always comes to mind"
"I don't smell anything. Wasn't me!"
"uuuuh"
"._."
"Just I don't even..  what the...  how did i find this?"
"So my dad just emailed me this"
"Ahhhhhh! That's the stuff! Cheap too"
"Instantaneous Cure!"
"cocaine toothache drops"
"Oh  so your repost of my link made it to the front page"
"How I feel seeing a repost reach the front page"
"Oh  so your repost of my link made the front page."
"How I feel whenever someone makes a witty cake day post"
"How I feel after reading the AMA from the Multi-Millionaire"
"When I make the front page of a sub reddit with less then 10 000 subscribers..."
"Wtf  Etsy..."
"DENIED"
"How I feel during yet another failed attempt at the frontpage"
"Every time another guy smiles at my wife."
"In the old days of Steam"
"As a military man this always makes me laugh."
"I wonder who this old guy is? [pic]"
"ZAWEEEK-ZAWOOOP!!"
"Whenever I sit next to a friend in class:"
"This is me in the library on Reddit  in the funny subreddit. Bad idea."
"/r/batman at the moment"
"When i kill someone with a Nidalee/Cait trap"
"In Middle School  whenever someone said &quot;Boobs&quot;"
"TIL Ke$ha looks EXACTLY like John Travolta"
"Face-Off?"
"Face-Off?"
"How I imagine my cake day post will go."
"COME ON! - 26 out of 50?"
"Stumbled on this little bit of internet gold last night"
"This Spiderman gif can be paired with any song and fit."
"Oh I see what you did tharr. [Apple Maps]"
"A little Apple Maps joke..."
"I would be afraid to go to the bathroom."
"Why?"
"Coolest toilet wallpaper design ever?"
"This would be the best shit ever!"
"I really don't know if I could handle this."
"Get scared sh*tless while taking a dump."
"The coolest bathroom I've ever seen"
"Always look before passing a vehicle"
"The world needs more people like this."
"Dominance"
"Peter Venkman was right  its mass hysteria."
"This can't be real! Please tell me this is not real!"
"My worst nightmare."
"december 21st may be a good thing after all"
"That's it. I'm moving to mars."
"Stephen Colbert."
"The longer you watch it..."
"Everybody's super Colbert raving"
"aggressive sloth"
"Rape Sloth from /b/"
"My friend just sent me this picture after we'd had a fall out"
"You know what rhymes with sloth?"
"What rhymes with sloth?"
"Rape"
"Is this a thing now? I think it should be a thing."
"Bill Nye"
"That was a close one...."
"When one of my friends becomes an internet celebrity"
"When I see &quot;look who I ran into&quot; posts"
"To every Confession Bear"
"Anytime I see &quot;it is my cakeday&quot;"
"My reaction when a girl from my high school was on Dr. Phil yesterday and everyone on Facebook was freaking out about it."
"Well I swore my cake day was supposed to be Christmas but I guess it wasn't and I missed it so here is a .gif to show how I felt."
"Whenever the ex calls complaining about her boyfriend:"
"Screw the economy  this Is gonna be the biggest issue for our children's children"
"Chewbacca riding a squirrel while fighting Nazis with a crossbow"
"How the war was really won"
"This will be great in my study  hope my wife will like it."
"This is art people"
"Looking through pictures I'd saved over the years  found this..."
"Googled Chewbacca  was not disappointed"
"Googled &quot;the most random pic on the internet&quot;. Was not disappointed!"
"Naptime."
"Colorful Clouds"
"Redditor's dream house [fixed]"
"I actually said WTF to this. [NSFW] [POOP]"
"Oh no..."
"snoopimorphs"
"Snoop Lion"
"Snoop Dogg's Transformation"
"Transformizzle"
"Sometimes  to become a lion  you must first become a dogg."
"So I heard Snoop Dogg became Snoop Lion..."
"Sometimes  to become a lion  you must first become a dogg..."
"In response to Snoop Dogs &quot;transformation&quot;"
"One of my favorite book series as a kid just came out with another installment after a 12 year hiatus"
"I'd read it."
"Animorphs"
"Sometimes to become a lion  you must first become a dogg"
"Sometimes  to become a lion  you first must become a dogg..."
"On Snoop Dogg changing his name"
"I see your black lion  but i like mine better"
"Animorphs"
"This looks strangely normal..."
"Obeezy"
"Baller Obama | Two Terms"
"So this popped up in my newsfeed."
"Suck it Romney"
"Aww yeah"
"Can't Wait For His Album"
"#2terms"
"2TERMZ 4 O-Bee"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost..."
"How I feel when I repost something."
"&gt;.&gt;"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost... [fixed]"
"How i feel when i repost something and some one reveals that in the comments"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost..."
"How I feel when I repost something and someone reveals that in the comments"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost... TESTING..."
"How a redditor perceives any idea a chan has"
"When a link opens in a new fucking window"
"When people ask me to share my food"
"This is how I felt when a girl in my education class said she didn't believe in evolution and was studying to be a science teacher"
"How some of us feel when we comment on a post and don't get an upvote from OP."
"My hurt brains."
"Can't stop looking"
"I broke."
"It's a sad day in the street.."
"Pastries: Some powerful drugs right there."
"Cookie Monster takes a bullet from Mitt"
"Nailed it."
"TO THE FRONT PAGE"
"Nailed it (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Meanwhile  in Australia.."
"Meanwhile in Australia (xpost WTF)"
"Please tell me it's photoshop"
"Shopped? No  couldn't be."
"The guy totally looks like Johnny Bravo!"
"damn my life sucks"
"We're still so sorry Pluto!"
"You get 'em Pluto."
"Poor Pluto"
"Make music while you pee"
"I don't really mind MLP &quot;bronies&quot; but when I see shit like this..."
"Our fucking cat while we are out during the day."
"I found out it was my cakeday while on the toilet"
"Oh 4chan..........."
"Oh  4chan......"
"Fuck it  lets go home"
"Every comment section."
"The stork theory"
"Of course you do cookie monster."
"Most interesting monster in the world"
"For me?"
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is what most of us will look like tomorrow."
"How I feel  having comment karma significantly higher than my link karma."
"Leaving the house for the first time after a 'home' vacation."
"Just found out about /r/gonewild (i know pathetic)"
"My internet at college is horrible. Now that I'm back home..."
"Operation cop circle."
"Operation cop circle."
"When it said  &quot;Amazing pencil art&quot;  I expected something different"
"Just a couple of friends hangin' out"
"A More Civilized Age"
"Star Wars out of Costume"
"Just some old friends hanging out"
"x"
"Mike's a great guy [gif]"
"I think i might grab something different tonight"
"Anyone up for some sausage?"
"Mmm.. Delicious!"
"Danish sausage."
"She makes me feel alright."
"Jay and Silent Bob pursuing happiness"
"Jay and Silent Bob pursuing happiness"
"When I realized I didn't miss my cake day..."
"A metaphor for my life"
"My attempts to study for finals"
"Mike Rowe when he was a child"
"How it feels posting something on reddit"
"Rob wants to give you a high five..."
"A friend of mine did this and posted it on Facebook  made me smile"
"The Lunchroom"
"Brushing my teeth might never be the same [1440x900]"
"Thingasaurusrex"
"When I Go Dance at the Club"
"When I Go Dance at the Club"
"Lots of fun  smelled terrible... ah  memories."
"some of the reddit downtime pictures make me laugh"
"F5.......F5......F5.....F5....F5...F5..F5.F5F5F5F5"
"Deeper and deeper......"
"D'oh!"
"Tony Stark goes about things a little differently"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man."
"Ad placement"
"Editors! Make sure you look at *both* sides of the spine before you okay the magazine..."
"Not quite the &quot;power move&quot; they intended.."
"Shitty ad placement"
"Thought my exam was tomorrow. It's actually on Tuesday."
"Ok then..."
"He got an 8 from the French judge."
"How to shave your beard"
"During my time as a student..."
"Too many!"
"All the obama memes"
"The amount of obama memes are too damn high meme's is TOO DAMN HIGH"
"Jesus  you asshole"
"This says so much about Bible ethics vs. modern day ethics"
"Jesus continues to be a dick"
"These are simply the best"
"I don't know Jesus..."
"I'm telling you  dude!"
"How moms who still breast feed their 10 year olds see them."
"They call me babyface"
"Test your might"
"First try  Get back..."
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food."
"I lol'd"
"Well at least the fundies thank him..."
"Thank you Jesus."
"Thank you Jesus (x-post r/funny)"
"Thank you for this bounty"
"Surprisingly  a religious friend shared this on facebook."
"This will always be my favorite repost"
"Thank Jesus!"
"Thank you Jesus."
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food."
"Happy Thanksgiving to all the Atheists out there..."
"Happy turkey day everyone! Remember who to be thankful to!"
"De Nada"
"Honestly..."
"On my cake day  my favorite gif."
"Found this when doing an image search for &quot;cake day&quot; on google... wtf."
"Not sure  but I think it may be my cakeday."
"Cakeday Hypnocat wants upvotes"
"It just became my cake day. Guess I'll start early."
"Why I am atheist."
"What are you thinking about  little duck?"
"Couldn't resist  I love ducks."
"leaves"
"Get that bitch a leaf"
"Puppy love."
"Justin Bieber was a Girl Scout in the 60's?"
"Justin Bieber was a girl scout"
"Justin Bieber was a Girl Scout in the 60's?"
"Did I remember to lock my door when I left the house?"
"Troled so hard"
"Baby turtle loves eating mashed potato"
"If you park like this..."
"Perfectly Timed Picture!"
"World needs more fire fighters like these..."
"What you did there Juicy Juice  They see it."
"Proof the Mayans can predict the future"
"When I click on a link titled &quot;Fish Porn&quot;"
"How LOST should have ended"
"How LOST really ended"
"Pokemon like moth."
"Deal with it"
"How I feel going shirtless at the pool as a fat guy"
"First time editing a gif. I think it's SMASHING!"
"First time editing a gif. I think it's SMASHING! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Featuring Ba-Kon"
"So sexy it hurts!"
"Playing With Cars Oldie But A Goodie"
"I have no words for this photo...."
"Yeah  words can't explain this one."
"Is that a cross IN her chest?!"
"Dani Danger and Gimp daPimp"
"Doesn't matter  has sex"
"A Midget with a Transsexual Prostitute"
"Saw this and couldn't stop looking..."
"[NSFW] A classic scene imbedded into my young  fragile mind + Delta 9 = time to AWP in CS:GO"
"How i feel when my post gets downvoted to oblivion."
"Fuck you."
"How I feel every time I post something funny and no one finds it funny."
"Bender will always love you"
"ALL THE FEELS!"
"LL THE FEELS [fixed]"
"that feeling when a post gets down voted to hell"
"Teeny tiny hermit crab"
"Caught this little feller"
"These go together so well to me."
"Literally the cutest thing I have ever seen."
"Baby sloth yawn challenge"
"Cutest Yawn..so so cute."
"Saw that little cake symbol by my name for the first time.. Made an album of my favorite things on the internet in the past couple of months. Enjoy  and thanks for a great year!"
"Jurassic Park"
"I know this will get buried  but here's my four years of classes at RIT summed up in one image."
"The real reason why Nokias are indestructible"
"The reason Nokia phones are indestructible (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Why Nokia's are invincible"
"Can you hear me now?"
"This gave me nightmares [x-post from /r/funny]"
"Beautiful tree..."
"Overly Attached Girlfriend's parents!!"
"Reddit after no fap September."
"The most epic soda fountain ever"
"Awesome"
"Erupting Volcano."
"Erupted Volcano!"
"Erupted Volcano!"
"Reddits Arch enemy."
"Superhairo"
"I come from the future bearing a disturbing image that all of mankind must see. Please  spread the word before it is too late."
"Amazing Sand Sculpture"
"Mario Kart tracks built in Roller Coaster Tycoon"
"Cat problem. x-post from 4chan"
"aaaaand BOOM !"
"Here Comes the...."
"Morgan Freeman"
"Morgan Freeman"
"... It's true!!!"
"Cyriak never fails to trip my balls"
"PRAISE THE LAWD"
"I keep seeing this .gif. A) It's creepy  and B) I want to know what it's from."
"JK Simmons"
"Who else is like this right now?"
"How I feel after having worked on a paper for hours only to have accomplished nothing"
"How I've been studying for my midterm tomorrow..."
"After working on the essay part of my mid-term exam for an hour..."
"Gangnam Style"
"Feel the conga beat!"
"Me and my friend showing up to a party."
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand a monster is born"
"Gandalf Style! [Fixed] [OC]"
"Gangnam Style--Elevator."
"I made this and then watched it for about 10 mins straight"
"everytime i beat my kid at mario cart"
"Penny Pyramid using over 289 000 pennies"
"I snagged a picture of my friend  mid-sneeze."
"In honor of Nic Cage's birthday  here is my all time favourite gif."
"Repost."
"Repost."
"Reposts..."
"Repost"
"REPOST"
"Coffee  anyone?"
"Best Friends..."
"The issue I take with Christianity"
"My best friend is Chinese  so I can submit this without being racist  right?"
"The average asian aging process"
"Asian women"
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"The Average Asian Aging Process [r/pics thread xpost]"
"She is 42 years old [EXPLAINED]"
"Holy Long Legs  Batman!"
"Don't look up."
"Proud Lion Parents [x-post from /r/aww]"
"Baby Lion Proud Walk (fixed) ...get it?"
"Baby Lion Proud Walk"
"dodgeball downvote i made"
"What it feels like getting your first few downvotes as a user"
"Han Solo"
"It all makes sense now."
"Doppleganger"
"Found this. Had to share  what with the debate going on"
"Why does he need to be the president of America when he's already the mayor of Whoville?"
"He kind of looks like the mayor of Whoville."
"Ah  there it is. I thought he looked familiar."
"Watching the debate tonight when I got a sneaking suspicion I saw this man somewhere before..."
"All I could think about when Romney was talking and smirking during the Presidential debate"
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"Was playing COD when.."
"Was playing today when this happened.."
"Was playing Call of Duty when.."
"Amazingly  perfect shot of my friend skydiving into Burning Man this year"
"The morning after my first night of heavy drinking."
"INTERIOR CROCODILE ALLIGATOR"
"Interior Crocodile Alligator"
"Saw this on /r/gifsound and figured you all would enjoy it as well..."
"just yes."
"Adorable Breaking Bad Costumes"
"Trick or treat."
"Not sure if repost"
"Not sure if repost..."
"Sad but true"
"Fire Soccer Yodeling"
"Stop it ladies!"
"Gotta love the difference"
"North Korea vs South Korea"
"Fuck your cups"
"repost from r/funny cause it just belongs here"
"How to piss off an otter"
"Made me laugh so hard"
"Otters make me go teehee....teehee"
"How you can help wikipedia - phase two."
"Must fight back against hot air..."
"My brother found this note on his car... That fucker!"
"Yeah so  I hit your car..."
"This cow met the Miami zombie too!"
"Just a Cow... With No Face [NSFW GORE]"
"&quot;What? Something on my face?&quot;"
"Googled WTF  this is the third suggestion"
"What can I say..? WTF!"
"Definition of WTF"
"Yeah what is this........no seriously?"
"Definitely one of the most WTFworthy pictures out there."
"I Don't Even..."
"just....WTF?!"
"What the holy hell is going on here?"
"This is kind of fucking scary."
"Where is your god now?"
"Still the Most Random Photo in Existence [NSFW]"
"This showed up on my facebook newsfeed... Thought it fit in nicely here."
"Still trying to understand this picture."
"Here is a picture of Mastodon with Barney and friends."
"Like a Boss"
"I ironically found this on world animal day..."
"Elephant on water-skies...yup you read right"
"Big guy on water-skies"
"Even the Cop would say NOT BAD on the safety of your Volkswagen Beetle"
"I survived a car accident between my little Volkswagen Beetle and a fully loaded semi truck with nothing more serious than a broken ankle. It's a miracle that I'm even alive."
"I survived a car accident between my little Volkswagen Beetle and a fully loaded semi truck with nothing more serious than a broken ankle. It's a miracle that I'm even alive.*FIXED*"
"Must make haste"
"This is how Reddit really works"
"A little Hot Rod for ya"
"Every time I get on r/funny. Never fails."
"The last day of the year in school when you realize you no longer need your books..."
"Gangnam Advertising"
"After Obama wins elections"
"Someone work your magic and turn these papers into upvotes. Maybe downvotes as well?"
"People who get involved in Facebook arguments."
"What fire fighters in Colorado must feel like right now."
"how I feel after eating salsa the night before  drinking coffee this morning and only having 1 ply toilet paper"
"Photobombarded by a bicycle"
"My thoughts on Sarah Palin's affair with Glen Rice. [Fixed]"
"Kim Kardashian's wedding"
"I heard she got divorced"
"When i see pictures of Christmas trees on FB"
"Oh  you have a Cleverbot screenshot?"
"To people who complain about reposts or Karma on Reddit."
"How I feel about all the &quot;How I feel&quot; Posts"
"How I feel when I post a top YouTube comment"
"After seeing a ton of this &quot;armed animals&quot; posts."
"YOLO"
"Just found a puppy outside my house!"
"How feel about all these recent guitar case posts."
"My reaction to all these Back to the Future posts"
"My feelings on the whole Chick-Fil-A controversy"
"Hey Reddit  I'm a college freshman and this CRAZY thing happened to me in class!!"
"My reaction whenever I see a post that starts out &quot;My school had a dress up day...&quot;"
"WGAS"
"I'm sorry  but I had to for more than one reason."
"Goin' In"
"Stacks On Deck"
"Too cool for daytime television"
"This is not a photograph. &quot;Feelings&quot; by Diego Fazio. Pencil on paper."
"How I feel 10 seconds after posting something on reddit  and it has been downvoted 10 times."
"As requested  the dead dove cover photo!"
"Made it to r/popping"
"I laughed so hard (sorry if repost)"
"Fuck yeah..."
"Fuck yeah Dad"
"Fuck yea dad!"
"Baby Chewie"
"Chewbacca dog"
"Somehow  I thought he would be taller...."
"This dog is cooler than you and it knows it"
"Chewbacca reborn"
"Chewbacca Dog"
"Hoverhand Level: 800"
"Works every time."
"Works every time."
"WTF Anime?!"
"Pretty much me this entire steam summer sale"
"Round and round and round"
"you get dizzy after a while"
"You spin me right round!"
"Spun Right!"
"Car Spins Right Round"
"Beautiful Carina Nebula"
"Perfect team play [Fixed]"
"When your post gets a lot of upvotes  but everyone in the comments hates it"
"When my wife is in the mood and she's on her period."
"As I flip through my test..."
"How I feel reading research papers for my new job."
"When I look at the comments section of an r/askscience post"
"How I feel sometimes reading Dawkins"
"Me reading the Wikipedia article on the antiviral drug I'm taking."
"Looking for a new computer  this is how I feel seeing the specifications and not being very techy."
"Me Attempting to Educate Myself on the Higgs Boson Discovery"
"Reading about the Higgs boson"
"I tried watching V for Vendetta..."
"How I felt today trying to learn about Higgs boson"
"How I feel today trying to follow the Higgs boson stuff.[FIXED]"
"Trying to Understand HiggsBoson"
"How I feel about people discussing the Higgs Boson"
"So I was reading about Higgs Boson"
"I decided to find out what &quot;Higgs Boson&quot; is and opened Wikipedia  this is how I felt."
"How I feel while watching Carl Sagan's Cosmos"
"I've never made any investments before  so I went on r/investing to see if I could learn anything..."
"How I feel as an Australian hearing about the NFL Lock out."
"When I read the answers on an Ask Science question"
"I did an exam yestarday and that's how I felt..."
"Every time I wander over to r/askscience"
"Whenever I'm studying for a difficult exam"
"I studied Spanish for five years  but when I went to Spain..."
"Me tonight  during the debate"
"How I feel watching the Presidential Debate..."
"Watching the presidential debate"
"Watching the Presidential Debate as a guy who doesn't keep up with politics."
"How my Facebook friends interpreted the Presidential Debate  according to their status updates"
"You shall not pass!"
"Quite possibly the best gif ever."
"When I attempted to kiss my date"
"Little assholes like my backpack"
"Monsters."
"&quot;FML.&quot;"
"Genetics"
"How Genetics Work"
"Genetics for dummies- visual aid"
"I don't care how advanced gaming gets  this will always be my favorite RTS"
"Every dog in existence"
"Whenever my dog sees I have food..."
"Every bite you take...."
"Cast Away"
"When you enter the water  you enter the food chain. And you're not at the top."
"Keep on truckin"
"Get out the way"
"I don't think I've ever listened to this song for so long"
"How I feel about reddit lately..."
"&quot;Omg Facebook is new omg I hate it deleting my profile hmu&quot;"
"How I Feel As a Horse on Reddit"
"Hey r/gaming! Let's all cry more about Endings  DLC  corrupt game companies  EA  and whatever else we can think of."
"That's one ridiculously photogenic horse"
"Ridiculous amount of upvotes?"
"How just about everyone gets to the front page"
"Every local radio station whenever a new song is released"
"Every local radio station whenever a new song is released"
"What r/gaming does to zelda"
"As a CU Alumni  my Facebook feed after Obama was seen at The Sink"
"How I imagine the police in America [Fixed]"
"Exclusive footage of Congress Republicans trying to repeal Obamacare"
"What I imagine my cakeday will be like"
"All this talk about Summer Steam Sales"
"Every time I see a post with more than one &quot;[FIXED]&quot; in the title..."
"Let's give him another Mountain Dew and see what else he does"
"No words.."
"Meanwhile  in Japan..."
"to kill a mockingbird"
"Atticus ain't no bitch"
"Pour it  slut."
"My reaction when people started following me on Twitter"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"Facebook gives my birthday (and friends list) new meaning."
"Today was my first day at school. This is how I felt."
"A manatee and her baby"
"Silly hen  thats not your baby!"
"Cheeky little fella!"
"How I usually feel when checking my recent posts"
"Poor Wario.."
"Remember Beans from Even Stevens? well this is him all grown up..."
"Beans from Even Stevens ..."
"Beans from Even Stevens all grown up"
"The best argument I've seen for legalizing gay marriage. Seriously  this would be awesome."
"So my local animal shelter is doing a fundraiser"
"Drop it!"
"Fette's Vette"
"Teach Me How To Vader"
"Sorry Reddit  Just Another Re-Post [fixed]"
"Sorry Reddit  Just Another Re-Post"
"Sorry Reddit  Just Another Re-Post"
"Sorry Reddit  just another repost."
"Hes not here right now."
"Slenderman's House Keeper"
"That moment of relief"
"This gave me a good laugh..."
"Mr. slenderman is gone"
"And on that day in Ireland  not one soul was seen"
"Not a soul in sight"
"Gets me every time."
"My new favourite faceswap"
"Furricane straight on its way to the Bahamas"
"65 Degrees with a slight chance of...cat?"
"Juust passing through"
"So my ex-girlfriend called me earlier."
"When I found Out Kim Kardashian is going to run for office"
"If I see one more post about Rhodes in /r/funny."
"Mortal Kombat"
"On the road with Taylor Swift"
"The best sounding trucks on the road"
"Once in a lifetime"
"Top Gear: Always Honest"
"They didn't fit"
"Reddited Turkey"
"The Bacon Wrapped Turkey"
"Challenge Issued!"
"doing this for thanksgiving"
"Reddit worthy Thanksgiving dinner!"
"Thanksgiving Bacon Turkey? Yes Please!"
"How many times do you think we will see this picture in the next 7 days"
"fancy bacon dress  1894"
"Ultimate reddit Halloween costume."
"just bacon"
"In response to the 10-year Civ game and the follow-up Civ posts..."
"How I feel after browsing r/atheism for a while."
"Just recently. . ."
"in response to everyone complaining about posts just for karma's sake"
"How I feel on /r/gaming sometimes"
"Seriously  am I alone here on this?"
"Taco bell.... also I like it cut it pizza slices too."
"About this whole Chic-fil-A debacle..."
"I do appreciate the warning though..."
"I mean seriously"
"I can't be the only one thinking this with all the csgo posts"
"Every time I see a phone conversation on reddit.."
"Let the hate flow..."
"Fox guy?"
"Irony"
"Quack Quack."
"Look at me  I'm swimming!"
"Water!"
"New OS X Lion Multi-Touch Gestures"
"My reaction when I found out my friend got laid for the first time in 8 years (we're 25)"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"Oh  it's just Anne Hathaway ... HOLY MOTHER OF GOD!!!"
"We're at war with the ants  and I play dirty."
"I have an ant infestation  and I'm hoping that they're horny."
"I have an ant infestation  and I'm hoping that they're horny. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Evolution"
"Get down with yo' bad self"
"post a song that would go perfectly with this gif."
"How I feel seeing midterm posts as a student on the quarter system"
"The old man from Up"
"He lives! (Pixar:UP)"
"The best celebrity lookalike you will ever see."
"He's real!"
"Call Of Duty in one gif.."
"Call Of Duty In A Nutshell"
"1/5 people have found soulmates online"
"Roof-Jump App"
"How I feel whenever someone wants me to hold their baby"
"What I do when someone asks me to hold their kid"
"Whenever my friends want me to meet their children..."
"Winter is coming"
"I am 6'7&quot;. This is how I get out of the back seats of cars."
"Dog VS Pet Door"
"OK  time for another diet..."
"A fact of life..."
"Wait... what?! Mind blown."
"Capitalist America..."
"In Capitalist America..."
"In Capitalist America..."
"Will someone please explain to me WTF just happened?"
"After many viewings  &quot;what the fuck&quot; are the only words I can use to describe this scene."
"Most epic liquor store robbery ever..."
"blast into shop (check) punch and intimidate partons (check) ostrich accomplices (check) – what is this?"
"Mr. (E)T"
"Because E.T. didn't look creepy enough..."
"To funny"
"[HIFW] The Bengals traded Carson Palmer to the Raiders (x/post from r/nfl)"
"How I felt when I had a mildly successful post today."
"Me at the end of Portal 2"
"I'm 25 and just had Nutella for the first time..."
"This was in my local newspaper.."
"Ducks will take over the world!"
"Homosexuality will lead to duck revolution  says 14 yr old homeschooler"
"Homosexuality -&gt; Duck Revolution"
"Stop gay marriage or bring forth the duck apocalypse: possibly the best newspaper letter I've ever seen"
"Homosex = duck sex?The joys of homeschooling"
"Scariest couch ever built."
"The most freaking awesome way to spice up your living room!"
"Girlfriend finally found a couch that'll tie the room together"
"When I upvote something with 0 upvotes"
"how i feel after getting 1000 karma"
"Whenever I upvote posts in the negative double digits. [FIXED]"
"Bitch please!"
"How i feel being in high school."
"Have had enough! Time to take some action!"
"Ah poopballs!"
"Sometimes it sucks having huge balls"
"You know you have big balls when..."
"This is how I act after a heavy night of drinking"
"cat jump fail"
"Almost making it to the front page."
"Cat fail"
"Cat-astrophe. (I know  worst title ever.)"
"How it feels trying to make it to the front page on your first cakeday [album]"
"This guy should have died"
"The history of Reddit (info-graphic)"
"History of Reddit (Warning: Infographic)"
"That's a lot of jello."
"Powerwheels Peelout"
"How I felt on the way home from work on my cake day: &quot;Gotta go to Reddiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.....&quot;"
"They see me rollin"
"When I have kids  I want it to be a kid like this"
"yep"
"True gangsta. [FIXED]"
"True gangsta."
"You can make it!"
"what it feels like trying to climb to the front page"
"Trying to make it to the front page"
"I got this little gem hanging somewhere"
"PC Gaming"
"When you just had dinner and someone catches you at the fridge 20 minutes later getting more food and they say: &quot;But you just ate dinner like 20 mi...&quot;"
"Dear every man to ever star in a porno... ever;"
"How I want to react when my friends tell me about getting laid this weekend.. I didn't"
"It's my parents' anniversary. They keep joking about what they are going to &quot;do&quot; tonight."
"Big head small body"
"This chick has hot tits."
"You're NOT supposed to set those on fire! [NSFW]"
"The Dark Knight"
"[request] Oh yes please let's do. Anybody good with making armor? Would love to fight vampires as The Dark Knight. (There is at least one batman mod on steam but I wasn't crazy about it.)"
"Barriers."
"Poverty border"
"Grand Slum"
"The weak are meat and The strong do eat"
"Archer. Just the tip."
"How I feel as a teenage Redditor"
"How I feel as a 25 year old who has never smoked  subscribing to /R/Trees"
"Developing a website at 7:35am during an all-nighter"
"Source Filmmaker."
"So I decided to buy train simulator..."
"How I feel when I try to navigate 4chan"
"How I feel trying to teach my self the Pythagorean Theorem"
"How I feel playing my Critical Mass wizard."
"How I feel writing my undergrad thesis. Hopefully I am not the only one..."
"astronauts hang out here.."
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Look who decided to do some shopping at my school bookstore today."
"So this guy came by my college bookstore this afternoon... Pretty cool guy."
"Bill Clinton visited my school today. Here he is leaving our bookstore with some reeds and saxophone books."
"It's his dream come true!"
"Amazing sculpture"
"Horny (more inside)"
"Nope. Never fucking with a bull. [NSFW]"
"Gotham Style"
"This is awful... but I can't stop watching! &quot;Oppa Gotham Style&quot;"
"Did I do this right? Opa Gotham Style"
"When someone hates you."
"Pulpit Rock  Norway"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"dont let go"
"how fat cats must exercise"
"Denial"
"My ex-boyfriend broke up with me when he found out I played FF7 on PSP everytime he would fall asleep while we cuddled"
"What I look like when everyone around me gets Train Simulator  but i don't!"
"Reddit when /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu became teens bitching about their lives."
"When I'm too lazy to post something on reddit and someone else does and they make the front page for the thing I was going to post."
"How feel when i realize that I am failing classes because of Reddit"
"When you walk into McDonald’s with more than five dollars:"
"Just realized my cakeday is coming up this week."
"Using Hand Sanitizer"
"I searched &quot;worst picture of Nicolas Cage&quot; on google images..."
"I searched &quot;Call of Duty Gun Girls&quot;... this came up on page 17"
"I haven't laughed out loud in a while...until this."
"Superstar QB photo bomb"
"Love Your Parents While You Can."
"Anyone know how i can turn this into a youtube video. i have the song but i dont know how to get the gif into a video."
"You Laugh  You Lose"
"You Laugh  You Lose (FIXED)"
"When I walk into the cafeteria at school and no one is in the sandwich line"
"still makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Just one more push!"
"Mine"
"What I think of every time a comment gets more upvotes than the post itself"
"Life's a bitch"
"How i feel when i'm telling a funny story but my friend steals the punchline and gets all the laughs"
"Grand Theft Toboggan..."
"'Merica"
"What I hear when cops talk in court"
"Office Troll"
"Prank"
"Sack Attack"
"Good guy luke"
"Train etiquette."
"Nice work Luke."
"Most impressive  Nordstrom."
"Finally some respect for the holidays"
"The eruption of the Cordon del Caulle in Chile"
"9/11 the day the internet attacks 9gag (x/post from 4chan)"
"I had the munchies and ate a box of gag chocalate laxatives without reading the label"
"This is how I feel after calling my current girlfriend by my ex girlfriend's name..."
"Regretful Chet."
"Regretful Chet"
"Googled &quot;gay seal&quot; looking for that seal that says &quot;Gaaaaay&quot;... close enough?"
"photo of a seal on the coast of WTF"
"Did a Google search for that &quot;gay&quot; seal. I... didn't expect this."
"This is probably the weirdest thing I've seen in a while."
"I heard you like seals..."
"So I googled &quot;seal&quot;..."
"This got my &quot;Seal&quot; of approval"
"I see your dead seal and I raise you seal."
"Seal"
"Seal"
"Resuscitating a drowned cat according to a vet book."
"This guy"
"I love this... song !!"
"Dancing [NSFW]"
"best gif ever anyone else think that?"
"This shit has to stop  Kanye."
"To: Kanye"
"To Kanye"
"Yo  Kanye!"
"Kanye by Kanye for Kanye"
"&quot;Your an asshole&quot;"
"Been saving this one for a while. c - Imgur"
"Party in a Box"
"Bro  do you even lift?"
"The Kentucky Derpy"
"The Kentucky Derpy"
"My favorite gif. See something new every time."
"One of the more interesting face swaps in my opinion"
"My personal favorite face swap"
"My all time favourite face swap"
"Swap"
"Still my Favorite faceswap of all time"
"fatface"
"I see you..."
"A whole new kind of face swap"
"What we're all wondering about this sub."
"Aawwh  MAN!"
"Yes  Todd. I see it. We all see it."
"Face-swap!"
"Another fishy faceswap"
"Pulled my dad out of the bed with a hook.."
"I didn't come from your rib..."
"He needs to go shopping."
"My friend found this turtle while on her internship. Please start cutting these."
"My Favorite was Black Cherry"
"How I feel telling everyone that it's my cakeday."
"This goes considerably well with this..."
"Yep this is me."
"How I felt whenever I hit the jackpot in an arcade"
"Me in the club"
"I can't stop watching it."
"Fuck the police"
"A badass couple"
"Criminal Love outside a Manhattan Police Station"
"A combination of the two best parts of my childhood"
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!!!!!!!!"
"Logically of course"
"I wonder if it was fatal"
"WBTV News This Morning"
"Well done Wbtv."
"He didn't choose the taco life  the taco life chose him"
"ET"
"this is how breaking a bubble looks like"
"I FUCKING LOVE MARSHMALLOWS"
"The Comedy equivalent of the Avengers"
"Lets go Shopping!!"
"This is Chesney and he is shopping with his little friend Joey"
"Let's go to the market little bro! (2 pics)"
"Just two regular dudes lifting up a little dude..."
"So  this one time  Wilt Chamberlain  Arnold Schwarzenegger  and Andre the Giant..."
"found my doctor's name on a medical forum...along with his avatar"
"Famous Sites as Dresses [FIXED]"
"Different densities of liquids"
"Everything I Am"
"Just a nibble"
"The internet's first line if defense"
"19th Century Lumberjacks in California"
"Bad ass lumberjacks felling a redwood in the past"
"Men felling a Giant Redwood by hand in the 1920's.."
"Just kidding..."
"maybe it wasn't a meteor that killed the dinosaurs..."
"Seems legit."
"One more One More Theory"
"Extinction of the Dinosaurs"
"How I get dressed when I'm in a rush."
"I tried to be this cool. I ended up with my face on the floor."
"How I feel after initially supporting the Kony movement and then reading more on invisible children."
"So I just realized I sold my giant collection of classic pc games at a garage sale about a year ago"
"My face when I make an unfavorable post and watch my karma begin to drain."
"Waking up with a serious hangover. I suddenly remember I was on Facebook right before passing out."
"after my one night stand tonight..."
"So i accepted my 9-year old niece's friend request on Facebook."
"After staying up all night before my first day of classes."
"The feeling I get when a girl texts me the day after."
"what"
"What"
"I don't remember this from the Lion King. (nsfw)"
"Adam Sandler on beating his kids."
"hi *giggle*"
"You're not human if you don't enjoy this"
"Easily the cutest gif I have ever seen ever  period the end"
"Give me karma."
"It's just too fucking cute."
"Hugging my finger."
"So happy"
"What the fuck are you looking at"
"What?! I'm washing my car off!"
"every time someone walks in on me surfing 4chan"
"What's the best way to milk a sheep?"
"Never before has a war been so courteously declared ..."
"The Dark Lord is not impressed by your grammar."
"50 Shades of Awesome."
"Whenever I try to be cool and wink at someone"
"My face when the doctor asks if I'm sexually active"
"My response whenever my girlfriend asks &quot;Do I look fat in this?&quot;"
"HIFW my friends try to make meme jokes to impress girls we're with"
"Yep  that's correct"
"Bitch  I called fives."
"When Granny doesnt have cookies on the table when i get home."
"What I feel like doing to every employer who doesn't get back to me."
"How I Feel When I Remember I Can Upvote"
"Sad"
"I'm really going to do this  today is my day!"
"save the box!"
"Shit shit shit shit!"
"How it feels going from a twin to a queen size bed"
"How it feels going from a twin to a queen size bed"
"How I feel when using the handicapped stall in public restrooms"
"When I got the iPhone 5 and now had 5 rows of icons..."
"When I clean my room and move my bed into the corner."
"after having to clean my dorm room for inspections"
"How I  as a female  feel about the SJ pics."
"Rainbow chaser"
"After Hurricane Irene hit Puerto Rico  the streets were so flooded that a shark managed to be swimming around. [x-post from r/waterporn]"
"This baby is so metal."
"Evolution of Dance guy  the early years"
"Naps"
"Awkward!"
"Weiners to the face"
"Life as a single woman [FIXED]"
"Denmark has the happiest electrical outlets"
"The electrical sockets of the world"
"Check out Denmark compared to the USA..."
"No wonder Denmark is so happy"
"Outlets."
"Clint Eastwood's view on Gay Marriage"
"Clint Eastwood's view on gay marriage (x-post from r/atheism)"
"Clint Eastwood says it right."
"The original script from Forrest Gump."
"Life is like.."
"Forrest Gump on health"
"Jump on it"
"Gangnam Dance"
"(x-post) Hey Tonto!"
"Adventure Time Twerk"
"What the fuck is that?!"
"It saddens me that I could only recognize a few"
"Can you find them?"
"How many can you identify?"
"Australia  no thank you."
"Meanwhile at home in Australia...lunch is being served"
"oh Gandalf."
"Go on  have your fun  it's the children who will suffer."
"An Honest Mistake"
"Picture of a giraffe fucking a donkey"
"This is my first time..."
"And The Angel Said Unto Him... &quot;Stop Hitting Yourself...Stop Hitting Yourself&quot; But low he could not..."
"Stop hitting yourself."
"Divine Intervention"
"So I got bored and Googled &quot;hahaha&quot;. And this came up...."
"How it feels to me  a swedish atheist  whenever i see a &quot;Christians vs. Atheists&quot; thread on reddit"
"Wisdom I still live by."
"Fuck you  I'm a panda"
"So today at the store..."
"No  I want Coco Puffs!"
"Pandas are dicks"
"Going to Grandma's"
"How I feel when I can't pull myself away from reddit"
"A couple of dudes playing with computers"
"when somene finally convinces me to open an r/spacedicks link"
"Public transit on the African continent"
"What dancing in a club looks like..."
"Me at a nightclub"
"Whats it's really like trying to have sex while drunk."
"Did someone say..."
"Binders"
"Dammit  Bill!"
"Did someone say..."
"Did Somebody Say Binders Full of Women??"
"Did someone say binders full of women?"
"Saw this on my newsfeed... God dammit Bill!"
"Did someone say Binders full of Women???"
"Look who decided to show up"
"Binders Full of Women"
"New Orleans Streetcar"
"How I feel downvoting new Posts."
"Meanwhile  in Metropolis..."
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts by Shel Silverstein"
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts by Shel Silverstein"
"Fonzie Then/Now"
"Possibly the coolest snow sculpture ever?"
"There's just something about cats and boxes"
"REBEL!!!"
"I'm soo high..."
"How I feel today after just joining reddit."
"Checkmate  atheists."
"Don't you hate it when you get so excited about Jesus you accidentally take off and transform into a fighter jet?"
"How I feel after a 4 week tolerance break  taking my first bong hit."
"Can we agree that this is the best/funniest gif ever?"
"How I feel when upvoting President Obama's comments"
"The Power of Jesus"
"I believe I can fly"
"I believe I can fly [FIXED]"
"I believe I can transform"
"Well  that would keep church from being boring."
"How I feel EVERY night"
"Every night."
"Somewhere Chris Brown and Russell Brand are jerking each other off and crying."
"Changes everything"
"Meow so hard"
"How I feel when I'm shaving my junk"
"The lost sport of freestyle dirigibles."
"The Airship  USS Los Angeles (originally a gift from Germany as part of war reparations for WW1) floats almost vertically from her mooring mast after strong wind blows her tail into cold dense air just above it."
"Introducing  the best way to troll your roomate."
"What goes through my head moments before giving an upvote"
"Rollerblade fail"
"I saw the raptor eating the cheerleader GIF and had to post this one [GIF]"
"And this is why dinosaurs don't Rollerblade.."
"My favorite gif... EVER"
"If you believe in yourself  you can..."
"4chan on tonight's political debates"
"I will always love you  Obama-san."
"what the fuck /b/"
"Obama-san."
"Saw this and it cracked me up"
"POW! Right In The Kisser"
"Whenever I try to downvote something already popular..."
"I think I just won the game"
"Shit is about to go down..."
"So who saw Napoleon Dynamite?"
"The Joe Rogan experience."
"All damned day on reddit today"
"How I feel after I just got my PS3 and hear news of the PS4"
"Corgi food"
"This Is Why I Want a Corgi...."
"How I feel getting 200 link karma"
"This was the first game I no lifed to beat. To this day it is my favorite game of all time"
"It's been over 10 years now  and this is still my favorite PS1 RPG."
"Men vs Women after a break up"
"In school  when people asked me if I had a minute for the environment"
"When I spot Super Smash Bros being played at a party"
"When people try to talk to me about politics"
"like a boss"
"Never-ending tunnel (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Fucking Hot Pockets!"
"I hate water"
"Fucking hot pockets!"
"I didn't hear an evil laugh [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"I edited Evil Laugh Snake to remove the balloon. Go forth and add humorous things to it!"
"Mine is an evil laugh"
"Learning the dangers of drugs  Sesame Street style"
"Theyyyyyyy're acceptable!"
"They'rrrrre... acceptable!"
"Coming home from college for the weekend and being presented with real food"
"This is just a shame."
"Decisions…"
"Apparently 50% of these voters have never given birth."
"Quick! To the Fapcave!"
"Hotbox Computer Station aka Fapcave(X-post from /r/wtf)"
"Baby not giving a fuck"
"Seasons"
"The seasons"
"Seasons."
"As Time Passes"
"There is a season"
"House music."
"Dr. House beats that beat up"
"what it felt like to get 100 upvotes on a post"
"I hate it too..."
"Everybodyyyyyy......"
"Everybody!"
"Everybody!"
"How door keys work [x-post]"
"How door keys work"
"Cat catches bird in mid air - very cool"
"Who's laughing now?"
"Last Straw"
"Good morning!"
"When the customer is wrong"
"The decline of masculinity"
"No time to explain"
"No time to explain. Grab a cactus!"
"If my cake day was a snake  it would have bitten me  but this is still my favorite picture on the internet."
"This is me when I come home from the bar and I love everything you assholes have to say."
"My reaction every night when I click r/gonewild . THANK YOU LADIES!!"
"My reaction to hearing the REAL refs are back"
"Washington. Triceratops. America."
"After getting a $137 speeding ticket  a man brings 137 $1 bills  folded into tiny pigs  to the police... in Dunkin Donuts boxes. Incredible."
"what did the five fingers say to the face?"
"Kid smacks cat."
"Feline self-defence"
"Don't fuck with cats (repost from /r/funny"
"Cat's Vengeance: Approved."
"Every time I click a link to Vimeo"
"Walking into the living room after a house party"
"Atheist Last Supper"
"Scientists [x-post r/wallpapers]"
"dwarf japanese flying squirrel"
"Freezing Japanese dwarf flying squirrel"
"Out of nowhere  a wild chinchilla appears."
"Winter Cuddle"
"I'm pretty sure this is the cutest thing I have ever seen"
"Saw this while watching the paralympics last night!"
"Derpin dog has licks."
"Just a couple of guys at a science fair."
"Stretch out the intestine"
"Stretch out the intestine"
"Inside the mind of a bird"
"aw yiss"
"Aww yiss."
"Duck."
"Probably a repost  still makes me laugh every time."
"Made this in celebration."
"Prestige"
"Prestige (xpost from /r/sex)"
"suddenly a flying sniper appears"
"sniper hovering"
"Select Target  Adjust For Bullet Drop Adjust For Movement  and Suddenly"
"Huh  so this is what jumping in the air and holding B would look like in real life"
"When my mom told me that there are funnier photos on Facebook than Reddit."
"When my parents tell me I should study more"
"every time a pushy asshat christian ends an unwanted conversation with a shit-eating smile and a &quot;well...when the lord needs ya  he.ll getcha!&quot;"
"&quot;NBC's coverage is appalling. I'm boycotting the rest of the Olympics!!&quot;"
"8am classes got you down? Try working at 4:30am on the WEEKEND to pay for your 7:30am weekday classes."
"Chet Haze (Tom Hanks' son) is now trying to deny the Reddit account was his..."
"&quot;Hey guys I 'googled'...&quot;"
"Very much a repost  I just really want to know the source of this gif. Can reddit help? Preferably with a link to the interview. Also  my first submission  yay!"
"When OP says they'll read every response"
"My reaction when people who post on Reddit claim they also post on 9gag"
"If this is a repost... It's still awesome."
"errrmagerd dat wind-up"
"Suddenly"
"meow"
"It's that cat again."
"drama"
"Did someone say smashing?"
"Whenever no one has bid on my card in FUT but someone buys it at the Buy It Now price"
"Today they're serving a Thanksgiving Feast at my school."
"Today was a good day!"
"When I poop and don't need to wipe"
"How I feel when I'm drunk on reddit and upvoting everything."
"After I saw pictures of a girl I know on r/gonewild"
"Just lost my virginity that's how I feel."
"Anchorman 2 was announced?!"
"When I upvote something on /new and it reaches the front page..."
"How I feel after getting a couple upvotes on a recent posts."
"Just got triple digit karma for the first time  my head has this on repeat"
"When I found out Emma Watson would play as a Burlesque dancer."
"HIFW I find the source of a .gif"
"Girlfriend suggested that we start having sex on one of those webcam modeling sites to raise some extra money."
"That feel when your ex-girlfriend has broken up with their SO"
"Well it's finally my Cake Day"
"When you realize you forgot about those leftover Microsoft points"
"Just found out Netflix has been billing me for a year. This is me after finding out everything will be refunded."
"2012 NFL football season is back"
"Extremely cringe-worthy. (You've been warned.)"
"DON'T....MOVE"
"As someone allergic to bees I said cringe in agony"
"being terrified of wasps  this made me nearly piss my pants."
"Now thats heavy!"
"Googled &quot;blah blah blah&quot;"
"What now  bitches?"
"Combined my 3 favorite &quot;Nighthawks&quot;"
"Edward Hopper's Anteater"
"Clubbing done right"
"Where does one find these girls?"
"I see your duck face and go all in with this"
"a week in the life of a programmer"
"the reddit life"
"Batman &amp; Joker"
"I'm liable to go Michael  take your pick"
"BMX grind"
"With friends like this... (x-post from r/gifs)"
"I think somebody is hungry"
"How I feel about all the Facebook Posts"
"In light of the recent news"
"facebook gold (obama to romney)"
"8 Million aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand 1"
"8 million and ONE"
"Sorry if it's a repost  but I had to post this one!"
"8 millions and 1 employed"
"I died laughing"
"Saw this on my newsfeed"
"A+ for creativity!"
"A+ for creativity"
"This is when you know you are ready to write comedy"
"I N C A T I O N"
"So I Heard You Liked Cats"
"This has Reddit all over it."
"wife is due on Friday  this sums up my feelings"
"Mr Krabs is chasing rabbits"
"And for my cakeday  I give you gifs."
"Om Nom Nom"
"Baby in a blanket!"
"Unsuspecting Kitteh"
"Emo girl with knife.. That can't end well!"
"Optical Illusion at Paris town hall"
"Just found this on Explosm"
"How do you top this."
"This is me at an [8]"
"Hey Phil  imma show this bitch how to gallop. BRB"
"How I feel studying for finals when I notice something more interesting"
"Dog says &quot;I wanna run too!!!&quot;"
"Whenever I jump into a conversation at work"
"Who let the dogs out"
"Was in a bad mood  so I googled fuck you. I now feel better."
"Panther Chameleon"
"Meet the Ambilobe Panther Chameleon"
"Very vivid chameleon"
"Cat Overlords"
"Notice Regarding the Cat (Stolen from TimeOut London/Facebook)"
"Science is good for the economy."
"&quot;You're a gangsta  Harry&quot;"
"Searched swag on google was disapointed"
"Vengadance"
"This is your brain on drugs."
"My favorite quote by George Carlin"
"x-post from /r/atheism"
"How did that happen?"
"Finally  a gif that summarizes my love life."
"Math  what are you doing?"
"My reaction when I go back home  and see people from high school"
"My friend starts talking about Kim Kardashian."
"My reaction when someone brings up politics in a friendly conversation"
"Every time I see this pic I laugh"
"Does anyone else have his problem?"
"the advantages of being colorblind."
"Advantages of being colorblind"
"Come at me Bro!"
"This image blew my nostalgia fuse"
"The secret of happiness is"
"freedom?"
"You mad  Skywalker?"
"Little Honey Braaaaaiiiiiins"
"o.O"
"Face swap... Meet body swap!"
"The faces of Jim Carrey"
"This day we FIGHT!"
"How I am feeling on this rainy morning"
"Shut the fuck up and let me die in peace."
"Anyone in an 8 AM class"
"Who do penguins think they are?!"
"I looked up how to end an argument on Reddit  this is the top result."
"How r/Athiesm Actually Is"
"Anytime someone corrects my spelling"
"better than robin williams."
"Drinking coffee the day after eating greasy Thai food"
"wakka wakka wakka"
"I knew it...."
"Fabulous Fab Four"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Abbey Tropicana cyriak's style"
"Just the Beatles taking a walk"
"Absolutely Ridiculous"
"When I get all the way to the food store during my short lunch break and I realise I forgot my wallet"
"Looking up who has IP rights to an old favorite (in the event it gets remade)  and finding out it's Activision."
"When I turn on my PC and it's starts to update..."
"Walking home from class and I started to see some snow flakes fall."
"Ex asked me if I wanted her back"
"I see your Finnish &amp; Swedish lunches &amp; I present to you  the American lunch."
"I see your Swedish school lunch and raise you an all American school lunch"
"I see your Finnish and Swedish school lunches and raise you an American school lunch!"
"Mayor of Reykjavik dresses up as a Jedi Knight  with Yoko Ono and Lady Gaga"
"You tried your best."
"How I feel when I think of a comeback to an insult two hours late"
"The Flight Deck of Space Shuttle Endeavour"
"Cause you know"
"Just a guy riding a pig  drinking a beer."
"I want to party with this guy"
"How I cured my fear of sharks"
"I'M A THARK!!"
"No matter how bad my day is  this picture always cheers me up."
"How I feel getting my braces off today"
"Got a little high at work...isn't too noticeable is it?"
"like a boss"
"Salvador Dali walking his anteater - the original &quot;haters gonna hate&quot;"
"Here's a picture of Elijah...taking a picture of Elijah with a picture of Elijah."
"How I feel after fighting with the woman."
"The inside of a tickle me elmo"
"Octoasian"
"If you lose her  follow the snail trail"
"When the person in front of me decides to pay with exact change"
"thats the only thing i could think of when i saw this gif"
"cause fuck you  bitch"
"My girlfriend got a new tattoo recently"
"Finally. A meaningful tattoo quote!"
"Maybe keep working on it.."
"Watch this  honey!"
"I'm on a bike beeeeotch!"
"Stand Tall"
"cobra cat !!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Theriot's crazy eyes"
"The Riot"
"When I get away with telling a lie (x-post from r/SFGiants)"
"I hate Frisbee"
"Sorry  I can't find it"
"What could possibly go wrong?"
"Baby hedgehog yawning...I must have it."
"Off rapper Gucci Mane's Instagram"
"Gucci Mane bored in da crib."
"Good god I hated that spoon ........."
"I... I had a bad dream"
"Ever wonder what happens when you Google &quot;It's a Trap!&quot; ? I did and let me say I am pleased with the results"
"How I feel when I catch flies in my flypaper"
"Big mistake."
"'Tis but a scratch"
"from my favorite movie ever"
"Ehhh.... Maybe Next Time McDonald's"
"Shame on you McDonald's!"
"Romantic dinners at McDonald's..."
"I'd rather not.."
"I thought I was having a bad day when my garbage can blew over.."
"Every Skiers worst fear"
"he just gave up"
"The first one might be a repost  but they have to be posted together."
"I don't mean to sound slutty..."
"i don't mean to sound slutty but... [SFW]"
"When all my younger friends complain about having to go back to school."
"Picture of Obama on a news website in Norway."
"Obama looks a little satisfied"
"One smug looking President you've got  America."
"I saw this on Facebook. It may not be your cup of tea  but you gotta give props to the religion put behind it."
"Christian Bale"
"Okay it's pretty stupid but this one made me laugh!"
"Atheist Bale"
"Checkmate atheists."
"Checkmate  Atheists."
"Hardcore Christian friend uploaded this  what to do..."
"Ha  take that atheists!"
"Well they have a point on this one..."
"reposted but funny (yeah I don't care it's the internet and I missed it)"
"Coon and cat"
"Coon and Cat [x-post from r/gifs]"
"so a deer walks into a bar..."
"A deer walks into a bar"
"So a deer walks into a bar..."
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"You're at the bar enjoying your drink  and suddenly...."
"&quot;Hey Bill  is that your wife pulling up?&quot;"
"Last day of school ... when the last bell rings"
"Do it with confidence."
"Just a redditor browsing r/gonewild... (SFW)"
"My reaction when I see someone browsing reddit"
"Reddit's reaction to the Scarlett Johansson leaked photo's.."
"Whenever i add a girl to Facebook..."
"How I feel when I click NSFW links at work"
"Just hit 300 karma. Celebration!"
"Cant Touch Swanson"
"What this cake day feels like after missing my first"
"My feelings about finding out that my new roommate I was paired with is also a redditor"
"3 upvotes on first post..."
"My Dog and My Girlfriend's Dog Face-timing. They weren't amused."
"My pocket whale and My Girlfriend's Dog Face-timing. The whale was amused."
"Just a baby koala bear."
"Ever wonder what two handfuls of baby Koala look like?"
"Just a koala"
"girls on gone wild"
"/r/gonewild in a nutshell"
"I think Fox News is running out of stories..."
"Ron. Fucking. Swanson"
"Not sure if I'm doing this right..."
"Once you realise this  every comment you read on Reddit is ok."
"He's got my vote."
"Patrick Star 2012"
"I know who I'm voting for"
"The Jesus Fish"
"Is there anyway to change the text on this GIF?"
"If Obama exits the debate like this tonight... He's basically guaranteed a 2nd term"
"How I feel when someone asks me &quot;what is reddit?&quot;"
"How I sometimes feel as a 40+ redditor."
"Reading my small hometown's newspaper"
"If I had one gif to describe my life"
"If I had one gif to describe my life"
"When you smoke out a girl and she fucks your dealer."
"Only in Japan..[NSFW]"
"Mario Kart 64 anyone?"
"I'm a BITCH (GoT Edition)"
"I can watch this for hours"
"Bill and Hilary Clinton"
"Conan o'brien knows how to dance"
"the moment i realised GOT's second season debut is one month away"
"The Internet forever changed us"
"my new favorite gif"
"attack parrot"
"Bird with Attitude"
"The baddest parrot of them all!"
"This... is... PARROT"
"The end of all hope"
"The End of All Hope (x-post from r/Gifsound)"
"Nekrobudgie"
"You're a wizard  Harry!"
"Broomstick guy"
"Wizard flying over his pool. (X-Post /r/funny)"
"I’m fairly certain this picture started with the phrase  “hold my beer and get your camera ready”"
"My Serbian Friend is Out for a Ride"
"Best pic ever?"
"I've had this gif for over a year. Never been able to find an appropriate title."
"Derping as fast as he can"
"running basset hound"
"Realistic Buzz Lightyear"
"Buzz LightYear is now Bad Ass"
"Don't worry He's sleeping"
"How I feel waking up in the morning."
"Wait  what about Luigi?"
"Wait  what about Luigi? (x-post from r/funny)"
"Today was pro-USA demonstration in Benghazi condemning the attacks on the embassy. Sorry for spelling errors."
"Not music or movie  but was instant frisson to me. One of the people killed today was known by many in my online communities so this show of support was a balm."
"Sorry people of America this is not the pehavior [sic] of our Islam and Profit [sic]: Libyans respond to the death of Christopher Stevens"
"A humble apology from Libya"
"Don't let the spelling errors take away from the message. (From Libya Alhurra TV's FB)"
"Not all Muslims are terrorists like you make them out to be"
"Libyans condemn attacks on US embassy  rally against terrorism. Just to even up the vitriol being spewed in here. [X-POST from /r/pics]"
"Best Hallowe'en costume so far"
"Best Hallowe'en costume so far"
"Perfect Halloween costume!"
"Halloween costume of the year  2012"
"Doritos in Pepper Grinder...FTW."
"Sometimes the most brilliant ideas are the simplest ones..."
"Your tastebuds will thank you (taken with no remorse via gizmodo)"
"Blrhrglghrhr"
"Blrhrglghrhr..."
"Dare to be different!"
"A real life Krusty"
"Crusty the Clown as a small child... (xpost from /clownbutter)"
"It's my cake day IRL  and this is how I feel."
"Beep-Boop-Boop-Bop"
"Man with Bizarre name arrested"
"Breaking news"
"We all are  Emily... we all are"
"My dancing technique."
"Signs of maturity."
"The Maturity Climb"
"Heroes."
"Radical Larry-This guy is all business all the time. Vibrates through walls  can burrow underground."
"Charlie Chaplin  1916. X-Post from r/Historyporn"
"This cat is under some serious concentration"
"This cat is under some serious concentration"
"How I cure my cotton mouth."
"Some Kitty That You Used to Know"
"How I see fox viewers"
"Could watch this for days"
"Sipping cat [gif]"
"Reddit. Need it but i hate it."
"For reasons unexplained  every single person in the world is born with a large gaping hole in the center of their chest. What do you fill yours with?"
"For Reasons unexplained..."
"This comic still makes me think"
"Aladdin knows how to get them bitches"
"You just know this is what happened after the &quot;Whole New World&quot; singing scene..."
"They said it!"
"This kinda looks like Taylor Swift...do you think she'll release an album about a magazine calling her names?"
"Stitches to repair a corneal tear"
"Getting real tired of your shit"
"Jesus on a Raptor"
"This is an actual picture from book about dinosaurs I had to read at my Christian private school. Seems accurate."
"Sunday School would have been more interesting if this what I learned about."
"Hey mommy  look!"
"every time I go ice skating..."
"All over the place (slightly NSFW)"
"Yes  I am aware that this is 99% sure to be a repost but it's just too funny not to post"
"You might want to get that checked out."
"What a shitty day."
"Ughhhh"
"ACHOO!"
"Googly Eyes"
"Pretty Eyes"
"So we had a bit of rain in Ireland  this is a train station"
"Meanwhile  In Ireland."
"Re: Rain in Ireland... Then the locals moved in to have a wash"
"So that bit of rain in Ireland at the train station  Well......yeah...we got this shit."
"So we had a bit of rain in Ireland (FIXED)"
"Here's another photo from the flooding in Ireland..."
"Meanwhile at Waterford train station in Ireland."
"This is what followed that rain in Ireland today. At least there's still transport."
"Lot of rain in Ireland yesterday  this happened at plunkett station in Waterford today."
"I'm just gonna put these right here.."
"That's one way to cool off..."
"I showed my sister Gangnam Style about a month ago. she just sent me this..."
"GANDALF STYLE!"
"No Passing Style"
"Gandalfstyle!"
"Oppa gandalfstyle"
"A match made in heaven"
"Meanwhile in Nigeria... Pets"
"Upgrading from a 16&quot; 1280x800 laptop to my new 21&quot; 1920x1080 desktop"
"How I feel freeballing"
"1. Find inactive subreddits  2. Post this picture  3. ???  4. Profit!"
"this is me after deleting all the demos on my 360"
"How I feel in the evening now that daylight savings has just started in Australia"
"guess what this animal is"
"Waterskiers set new world record in Tasmania"
"One boat &amp; 145 water-skiers"
"1 boat  145 water skiers"
"Witness the death of a meme"
"SERW THERS ERN MAH WER TER WERK THERS MAHRNIN"
"sterberks"
"ERMAHGERD Sturbacks!"
"ERMAHGERD  STERBERKS!"
"Release The Kraken!"
"Found this on my Facebook today..."
"If only girls my girlfriend was this horny!"
"Bam Bam  Bam."
"Baby elephant"
"Adorable elephant baby"
"I'm not gonna let go of this thiiiing!"
"What happens whenever I attempt to interact with a cute guy."
"the original awkward penguin"
"SAP in Action!"
"My personal reaction earlier today when someone mentioned Reddit in public."
"Hey Guys Did You Know"
"Meanwhile in Jell-O land....."
"Carol should brush up on her biology..."
"Oh  you're busy?? Good  I'll lay here."
"Is this how Reddit works?"
"Looting seagull (X-post /r/funny)."
"When I hear my name in a conversation"
"When a co-worker says they have gum"
"Hi  I'm Grandma and Welcome to Jackass."
"Hi  I'm Grandma and Welcome to Jackass."
"The never-ending train"
"MOTT ROMNOY"
"Mott Romnoy (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Romney"
"Need help in there?"
"Grammar Nazis unite."
"Proper English"
"MITT DAMON"
"What I felt like on the first day of school walking into all my classes"
"nice guitar..."
"Now this is definitely the best thing I've seen on a porn site to date."
"Apparently I've been playing mine wrong... [NSFW]"
"Happens all the time on Facebook..."
"It is so confusing when people do this..."
"TIL What kids' jawlines look like before they lose all their baby teeth"
"Skull of a child growing adult teeth"
"Vagina mouth [SFW]"
"I'll just break this window with a brick."
"Colonel Sanders and Alice Cooper"
"Just Alice Cooper and Colonel Sanders having a drink."
"Alice Cooper and The Colonel"
"cross section tissue of a marram grass leaf"
"cross section tissue of a marram grass leaf"
"cross section tissue of a marram grass leaf"
"When I see Tristan Barker/Facebeef starting a comment argument on Facebook"
"Time to watch the debates..."
"Facebook Fights"
"Something horrible is about to happen"
"Chinese researchers attempting to get close to a pair of Pandas..."
"Blending in."
"I'm 7 years old too."
"I'm 7 years old too [Fixed]"
"Just a guy saying hello"
"Just saying hello"
"Yo Dawg...I heard you like updates"
"I too am moist"
"He's infecting our race."
"His holiness too  is moist."
"I have cum for the Declaration of Independence."
"Every guy  after submitting to r/R4R or r/DirtyPenpals"
"How I feel about my license now that my 21st birthday is finally here."
"why someone would make a gif of somebody getting hit by a train is beyond me"
"Man gets hit by train"
"man gets wrecked by train"
"Why you shouldn't play on the train tracks"
"Surreal Spongebob"
"Spongebob characters in &quot;real life&quot; - Illustration"
"Googled &quot;Spongebob Characters&quot;. Not what I was expecting"
"Getting Caught Reposting"
"Poor sign placement or acknowledgement?"
"Stay classy  target."
"Target Knows What We Need."
"SAY CHEESE!!"
"Say cheese!(x-post)"
"You're fat...Give me a pushup...And say cheese while you're at it..."
"Cheese!"
"There goes the East Coast... (Yes that's what you think it is)"
"Sp..Sp..Spongebob?"
"Fact!"
"Moar dessert!"
"I like this periodic table."
"NFL Replacement Ref Training Program Revealed! [xpost /r/calvinandhobbes]"
"Koalifications"
"Anybody want to see a gif of the greatest dog ever? Yeah...I thought so...Just gonna leave this right here..."
"Nightclubbing Waverunner Dog"
"Jet Skiiin' USA"
"Hardass bulldog"
"What do I even call this?"
"Deal with it"
"Pop some tags"
"When I Awoke I Spent That On a Collar"
"Nothing is impossible if you set your mind to it."
"Can you touch this?"
"Wave dub Dog"
"Hero"
"I would watch this show everyday. All day."
"Life is funny sometimes"
"Hate this feeling"
"Banana Cat: Part of a Balanced Breakfast"
"Googled Banana Cat and found this..."
"Rethink insecurity"
"Subway map"
"I think it's time for an upgrade."
"mmmm finally..."
"New computer"
"Nom nom nom"
"Miracle at local ABC liquor."
"Really cool optical illusion"
"Funk Dancing"
"How to play scout"
"I think I cried a little too"
"saw this on tumblr..."
"Daler Monkey: Tunak Tunak Tun"
"Found this gif on WTF and had to do this."
"Browsing reddit while listening to Dupstep. Was not to dissapoint."
"Saw the gif on /r/WTF. Seemed like a good combination to me"
"Murder murder murder  kill kill kill"
"There is no need to be upset Punjabi."
"Sometimes good can come out of r/WTF"
"Dance of the unrustling"
"Explain this."
"Betrayal"
"Betrayal"
"I'm not an environmentalist but this represents a whole lot"
"This is awesome."
"Los Angeles"
"Words cannot describe how I feel about this image"
"America...fuck yeah!"
"Large picture of Endeavor over downtown Los Angeles."
"once in a lifetime scene"
"Wow  imagine seeing this while driving to work."
"Still the best .gif ever."
"Me the first time I broke the 100 upvote barrier..."
"'Merica"
"So I'm going to see a girl I like next week"
"Getting an A on a test I didn't study for"
"teach me to dougie"
"When I browse reddit drunk"
"The Feeling of Actually living in Washington right now"
"Safety Dance"
"Image is a bit old but you have to love the guy's energy."
"While browsing reddit and listening to an older rap classic  this beauty was born. Enjoy."
"When you go to use a public restroom and no one is in there"
"Every student walking out of their last final before graduation...PEACE SUCKAS."
"How to dance  LIKE A 'MURICAN!"
"A great wallpaper"
"Friend-Zoned"
"What I imagine will happen every time I resort to Supercuts"
"Well  that's one way to get your hair cut.."
"lolwut"
"Even though Obama won  both parties can be happy about this..."
"I'd hit that [NSFW]"
"This Takes Kitten Mittens to a Whole New Level"
"When I realize I've done something completely wrong on a math homework assignment AFTER turning it in."
"Penis Worms; NSFW NSFL"
"Amazing visual illusion...now with CATS."
"Never ending cats are evil"
"Portal Leap"
"I could watch this forever."
"mind blown"
"Reddit  Reposts  and Cats.."
"There's a glitch in the Cat-Matrix."
"School"
"Saw this on r/funny and thought that it represents many churches teaching children the bible"
"Public School"
"Btw we killed Osama..."
"Reddit's back!!"
"When my girlfriend finally gets her period after being 5 days late."
"When I realized EotW is right around the corner"
"When you realize your post is near the front page"
"How I feel now that my boss is a redditor"
"Just finished my 200 question French final"
"Admirable passion for his team"
"Rainbows from a candle."
"Rainbow in the candle smoke. Credit in comments."
"That explains so much..."
"F*** YEA TARGET! They got it right"
"Sneak preview of tonight's Presidential Debate"
"MYYYY PRECIOUSSSS"
"my precious"
"Oppa Batman style !!"
"I LOVE THIS SOOOO MUCH!"
"For Spartaaaah!"
"Muscles...gone to far..."
"Probably one of the strangest GIFs I've ever seen."
"What does it look like I'm doing?"
"When my Mom asked my new gf how many kids she wants to have"
"My reaction to NC passing Amendment 1."
"What I think of Adult Swim every time they add another live action show..."
"To everyone upvoting YOLO posts"
"Whenever someone touches something of mine without permission."
"When I watch my mom using the Internet…"
"Whenever I see a duckface."
"What I think most of the time when I play Battlefield.."
"How I feel about my life as I'm about to hit 1K comment karma..."
"My girlfriends reaction everytime Romney speaks at the debate."
"The happiest chihuahua in a sombrero."
"Zero fucks given"
"Hola Sunshine!"
"Death Star Pumpkin Destroys Alderaan"
"Death Star Pumpkin Destroys Alderaan (x/post from r/starwars) (courtesy to verbality)"
"So my friend carved a pumpkin..."
"Death Star Pumpkin Destroys Alderaan"
"These are not the seeds you're looking for"
"I'm the original creator of Pumpkin Alderaan/Death Star! Here's some more pics"
"Witness the power of this fully operational pumpkin"
"That's no moon..."
"For all the Halloween and Star War posts"
"Obama's New Campaign"
"Obama riding a lion while simultaneously wielding a light sabor and crossbow of change"
"Ima Hurrrrrsee"
"My buddy just emailed me this. I giggled."
"Every time my girlfriend drags me to yoga and we use the balls."
"I got it I got it I got i- oh  don't got it."
"Live  dammit  live!"
"monkey also know how to perform mouth to mouth respiration"
"My response to every &quot;wrong number text message&quot; post."
"My response to all the &quot;My grandparent just learned how to internet - here's the result&quot; posts"
"When people post expertly done things as &quot;First Try&quot;"
"George Lucas face says it all....Like the R2D2 touch though."
"One of the most disturbing images I'll see today..."
"A shot of the cast of Star Wars Episode VII"
"We know about Disney buying Star Wars and are unsure how to feel. But based on this picture? NOT a fan..."
"I think this picture perfectly describes Disney buying Star Wars..."
"Libertango cat"
"Billy Jean Cat"
"Just getting some freak on"
"thriller"
"TIL Nintendo was founded in 1889 as a playing card company."
"Ha-ha! Did not expect?"
"Catch me if you can!"
"Peace bitch."
"Agent Meow!"
"Toodaloo motherfucker"
"This thing's got better stabilization than my camera!"
"Cats are kinda like chickens"
"This is why Chinese is difficult to learn"
"Difficulty Level: Asian"
"Accidentally stumbled onto r/spacedicks"
"That awkward moment when u went in the wrong door......."
"My mates first reaction to /r/spacedicks."
"Logging into Facebook nowadays..."
"Your first time visiting r/spacedicks"
"That moment when I realized I've ended up in the weird part of YouTube and everything is in another language."
"No animal deserves to be treated this way."
"just a flying cat"
"Fuck it  I'm out"
"Goodbye  cruel world!"
"This is how I feel after every failed post"
"whenever i try to post something i think is funny"
"Cat trying to re-enact the jump scene from the matrix..."
"Purrkour fail"
"how i feel getting downvoted  why do i even try?"
"Let me see your hips SWING"
"WATAAAA"
"How my attempts at posts go"
"I believe I can fly..."
"Karma whore??"
"I googled &quot;karma whores&quot; and this is what I got"
"Yeah  so this is a thing now..."
"Had to do a double take on this one..."
"When you see it..."
"Hasselhoff makes everything better"
"I don't even..."
"Suddenly... Hasselhoff"
"Missed my cake day by a month  I would've posted this loveliness. If only i did  no wait  I still can!"
"I missed my first ever cake day one month ago  I would've whored karma with this...no wait  I STILL CAN!"
"Checkmate Atheists (x/Post from R/funny)"
"I need to get a dog before Halloween..."
"That's my Halloween sorted"
"Have you chosen your Halloween outfit yet? Time's running out!"
"I caught and released this fish in downtown Austin TX  someone jogging by asked if I caught that here? I told them no  it was a pet fish I was taking for a swim."
"A Man with a huge Fish (x-post /r/pics)"
"I was jogging in downtown Austin  TX. This guy was taking his giant pet fish for a swim!"
"I can't help but wonder about the backstory... [gif]"
"Whoring out my cake day."
"Finished final in 9 min."
"Congratulations  reddit. You've officially broke me down."
"After one year on Reddit  this is my only regret"
"My 25 year old brother got laid for the first time  found out shortly afterwards that the girl had herpes. His response:"
"regrets are for the weak"
"Last 3 posts have been downvoted."
"After spending a year on reddit  I have learned many things as well as nearly losing a social life but in the end..."
"Been on Reddit for a year  how I feel when thinking of all the lost time:"
"Me when I wonder why I started a new Skyrim file the day before my only final."
"How I feel as an atheist on /r/ImGoingToHellForThis"
"Chainsaw. Katana. That is all."
"Found it on r/wtf  it would be an awesome melee shiki"
"Some pictures say too much. Have fun reddit. [CaptionThis]"
"Cow has a sense of humour..."
"Photobomb Level"
"Photo of a cow photo bombing a horse that's stuck in a fence."
"This is why people in India travel by train"
"Halloween &quot;defacing&quot; of my university's Dirac Library statue"
"I love my school..."
"Paul Dirac would be proud."
"This came up on my news feed."
"Pest control can be funny too..."
"Deadmau5"
"The first time making out with a girl"
"taking a girl home after being single for a while"
"While learning how to ride a unicycle."
"Getting my first upvote..."
"How I feel when I have a reason to use this gif"
"My reaction to all the Shakira gifs (keep um coming  boys)"
"How I feel when my GF asks if I want to go to the bedroom."
"The juxtaposition is what gets me."
"Girlfriend asked if I wanted to try anal"
"MFW I finally convince my friend to become a Redditor"
"As a former fat-person  my reaction everytime I'm offered &quot;Fries with that&quot;"
"When I see a post I upvoted in r/new in the top 100"
"Wife and hot ex-girlfriend are the only two people that like my fb post"
"So my boss said I had to leave early and would still be getting paid a full day."
"Slave Leia and her stunt double sunbathing. If this re-post doesn't get me birthday karma  nothing will."
"Just Princess Leia and her stunt double chilling' out and sunbathing on Jabba the Hutt's cruise ship."
"The human sexypede [SFW]"
"Hopefully obama wins. For his sake."
"I would give him a buck"
"No more entitlements  Bird."
"Big Bird if Romney gets elected...."
"Big Bird  we're gonna have to let you go."
"Romney says we will shut down PBS if elected. This is what I immediately thought of."
"After watching the debates"
"Well  I hope you're proud of yourself Mitt"
"Raising a Christian"
"Excellent piece of art"
"Terrifying Reality"
"my favorite atheism pic"
"Why I will never make the front page with OC"
"Why I will never make the front page with OC xpost from r/funny"
"Why I will never make the front page OC (Fixed)"
"Just Smoking with my Chicken"
"Cock in line... old school style"
"Good thing the Cops were there to help him..."
"Yee Peng Festival  Thailand"
"Crazy photo of the SkyLatern Festival in Thailand"
"Can I grab your boobies?"
"Give a man Reddit..."
"He's got a valid point."
"Rule #1."
"It's retarted."
"That shit takes a doctorate!"
"Found this on fb...I think the don't understand"
"Saw this on Facebook. You're doing it wrong"
"Me watching my young brother and sisters eat"
"Baby sloths at breakfast"
"I think this fits better here. x-post from r/Gifs."
"This needs to be remade. NOW DAMMIT"
"Mother of God"
"Failure  in its finest form"
"Bella's First Handjob"
"Missing Bella Swann"
"Cheerleader win contest . . . going fully retard"
"So  Someone RES tagged me for the first time today. This basically sums up my reaction."
"What if...?"
"What if.....My Version"
"Zombie Gameboy [X-Post from r/zombies]"
"How I feel trying to jump into the conversation between two friends I introduced that are getting along really well"
"It never Fails to make me smile."
"Cmom"
"When my friends team kill me at a sleepover..."
"I don't even..."
"How I imagine Mountain Dew's PR people reacted when they saw the names submitted by 4chan."
"SRSLY GUISE"
"Peppy feels it in the wind."
"This camel is not impressed."
"Monopoly for black people"
"Black Monopoly"
"Monopoly - Black Edition"
"Black Monopoly"
"Should I feel bad for laughing at this?"
"Black Monopoly"
"i love this Calvin &amp; Hobbes comic"
"My face when I smell my mustache."
"When I know something you don't"
"so upsetting!"
"This is how I feel when there are no upvotes for my submissions"
"How I feel when my posts keep getting downvoted  causing my link karma to drop in seconds."
"The audience at the 3D Star Wars movie when they realize it entails Jar Jar Binks in 3D"
"That feeling when I realize the vanity plate I've been puzzling out is religious in nature"
"Me when i wake up to wake and bake and cant find a lighter"
"WHHHY  CRUEL WORLD!!"
"Shhh  don't ruin this moment..."
"Meanwhile  on /r/cats..."
"How to spot a redditor"
"Meanwhile on Reddit"
"Ocelot IRL"
"Googled &quot;Majestic Creatures&quot; was not disapointed."
"Catfish"
"Googled &quot;Majestic Creatures&quot;  this came up."
"Awkward..."
"For the DNC"
"When I remembered what went wrong during that date."
"Mid-shit at your friend's house  you see no toilet paper in the bathroom"
"How I feel as an 18 year old that has to call the bank and talk about account activity"
"This year I got my first job  paid for my own tuition  and pay my own rent. This is all I can think when my parents tell me I'm still their baby girl."
"This year I got a job  paid for my own tuition  and pay my own rent. This is all I can think when my parents tell me I'm still their baby girl."
"How I feel when asking a question in class"
"Samba cats!"
"Oh YouTube comments!"
"WHO WILL WIN?!"
"I've been watching these cats for 22 minutes and they still haven't missed yet."
"I Can't Stop (watching)"
"Good Times"
"the best way to fight the communist is to play ping pong"
"Pure Happiness"
"How it feels to get an unexpected A on a test"
"Hey Reddit  It's my actual birthday tomorrow. Crossing my fingers for something like this..."
"How I felt when I got my first upvote."
"when i find out my post made front page"
"I was working all day and didn't get the chance to eat for 6 hours  this was my reaction when i got home and got served by mom"
"Getting the top rated comment feel."
"I was working all day yesterday and didn't get the chance to eat for 6 hours  this was my reaction when i got home and got served by mom"
"To me  this is a lot funnier than it should be."
"This C&amp;H must have been made specifically for redditors."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"How I feel about reddit  after a few months of use"
"I'm pretty sure he's on Reddit"
"Why we had more than 1 son..."
"That face."
"found in a library book"
"My Neck My Back"
"Working at McDonald's  this is me at the end of an eight-hour shift."
"Oh yeah"
"Wat"
"Fat dad attempts skateboarding"
"Skateboard Fail... but wait!"
"How i feel as a new Redditor trying to post."
"Meanwhile in Vietnam..."
"Baking Cookies!"
"Nature reclaims."
"Bobba Fett loves to dance."
"But at the end of the day. . . ."
"Last two weeks of work my responce to everything"
"How it feels to see all the posts about finals when you're not in college."
"I Don't Give a Fett [3:41]"
"Just realized I missed my first Cakeday."
"As a DirecTV subscriber  how I felt when I heard I was losing Viacom channels"
"As a single 25 yo when my feed is full of baby posts."
"When my roommate tells me I'm on Reddit too much"
"How I feel about everything on /r/politics"
"How I feel about the Chick-fil-a situation..."
"When a co-worker starts to tell me about their weekend"
"How I feel about all the posts about Obama's AMA."
"I don't give a fuck"
"My friend said  &quot;You've wasted a year on that Reddit site  how do you feel?&quot;...I showed him this."
"Doing it Right (pic)"
"am i doing it right?"
"I dont think you were supposed to mix them together..."
"Pizza &amp; Cookies"
"Squirrels in my town are way to domesticated"
"Squirrels in my town are way to domesticated"
"No Squirrel! That's for turtles!"
"On the off chance that it's a sure thing"
"this is me after not seeing my SO for a month."
"We're gonna bang."
"Ever Wonder What it Would be Like to Stick Your Head Up A Koala?"
"Amazing Street Magic"
"What an amazing magic trick!"
"it's my cake day  magic trick for everyone."
"Abracadabra"
"Guitar lessons"
"Guitar Lessons"
"Like a darth boss"
"Reddit  I challenge you! A big sloppy blowjob for anyone who can give me Picard lighting a cigar with a phaser."
"Cute boys! Gotta act cool..."
"Ladies and gentlemen of Reddit  I give you  my friend."
"Strike a pose"
"Strike a pose"
"One step  two step  three step.. Wait."
"My precious..."
"Preciousssss......"
"My Precious"
"What do to when the internet is down [Refixed]"
"Signing up for classes in this day and age..."
"When its not even lunch and I'm already out of blue links..."
"Everyone on r/IAmA right now..."
"Trying to read Obama's AMA under heavy load"
"Me trying to read the Obama AMA"
"Trying to look at the Obama AMA thread..."
"This is chicken nugget paste  not ice cream silly"
"How chicken nuggets look before they are formed into the nugget shape."
"Can you guess what McDonalds Menu item this is? Hint: It is not Strawberry Ice Cream."
"Somebody took this picture; and that somebody has big balls"
"Friend of mine falls 20 feet onto concrete. Ladder lands on his face. Eight fractures in his vertebrae  multiple broken ribs  and a concussion. He got up and walked inside a couple of minutes after this."
"Friend of mine falls 20 feet onto concrete. Ladder lands on his face. Eight fractures in his vertebrae  multiple broken ribs  and a concussion. He got up and walked inside a couple of minutes after this. (xpost from /r/pics)"
"when fall comes to concrete"
"My favorite Bender quote."
"Kapow!"
"Today Voyager 1 turns 35."
"Since snow season is coming up and cat season is always here  I thought this was appropriate."
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding"
"After making the front page"
"How I feel telling my friends I got to the front page."
"Explaining to my non-redditor friends that I made front page"
"Bragged to a friend about making it to the front page of a small subreddit. She sent me this."
"How I act towards everyone on my birthday today"
"20 years old and noticed ten hairs on my chest"
"You spin me right round...."
"Gangsta"
"How the Hunger Games started."
"This was on my newsfeed."
"So I don't like my grandma acording to my Facebook..."
"I just saw this on my Facebook. This is getting ridiculous."
"And people wonder why I rarely go on Facebook"
"So this showed up on my news feed.."
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"Alright  I think this shit needs to stop now."
"Saw this on my newsfeed..."
"This has gone too far..."
"So this was just posted on Facebook..."
"Found this on a friend's fb wall  better like just to be safe..."
"This is out of hand  Facebook..."
"Door? No time!"
"Roommate catches me browsing recent /r/WTF"
"How I felt reactivating facebook after 3 years"
"Me  after 10 minutes in church!"
"When the doorbell rings and it's my in-laws..."
"Levitating Rock"
"Impressive art  thats only purpose it to hold itself up."
"My friend asked me what Schrodinger's cat was. Made him watch the last scene of Se7en"
"This is a cute thing. Enjoy."
"Fuzzy kitten."
"I just can't even."
"OMG Cuteness Overload!!!!!"
"Hehe"
"MEOW MIX"
"New look  am I lookin' good?"
"Hey Guys! Lets post about Curiosity!"
"Northern lights over a volcano - Iceland - Imgur"
"Bieber fan vandalizes Rick Rypien memorial"
"Bieber Fan Defaces Rick Rypien (Deceased Hockey Player) Monument at a Concert in Vancouver"
"This will be my new home."
"My favorite Hulk"
"I suspect that the Hulk is an atheist [x-post from r/funny]"
"My favorite hulk"
"Come at me  Gaben!"
"Party Rock GabeN"
"How does escalator work?"
"Hawk vs Fox"
"Chrome vs Firefox (x-post r/wallpapers)"
"Definitely my favorite face-swap"
"Amazing USB Drives"
"Photoshop level: 4chan"
"View from International Space Station"
"Night Lights"
"My Spanish Grandma tried to make a traditional Spanish meal for us  this is how it turned out."
"I tried to restore my rice and beans"
"Tried to restore Rice and Bean Jesus (x/post from r/funny)"
"Todd Akin - the &quot;legitimate rape&quot; guy - has a wife that looks like Todd Akin in a dress."
"I actually felt uncomfortable making this... I hope it's worth it."
"Todd Akin - the &quot;legitimate rape&quot; guy - has a wife that looks like Todd Akin in a dress. [Fixed]"
"Todd Akin face swap"
"This is Todd Akin and his wife. I have not swapped their faces."
"It's 3:18am  have a selection of my cat gifs."
"Don't Mess With The Marines Outside Best Buy"
"Bought my first bong today! The name's Irish  and she hits as hard as Katie Taylor!"
"The truth behind the Reddit submission ranking algorithm"
"Reddit Top Secret Headquarters"
"lolcats support  can we help you?"
"Meanwhile at the Reddit headquarters..."
"After one year of reddit I finaly discovered which was the headquarters of reddit."
"Smashing"
"Surprise Smashing"
"Saw the GF naked for the first time."
"The first time I smoked an all kief bowl"
"Seeing a perfect 10."
"My Girlfriend just informed me that she bought yoga shorts"
"What if the largest countries had the biggest populations? [3500x1970]"
"IT'S A TRAP!"
"Hitler"
"Hitler and his IPhone"
"This makes me not want to live on this planet anymore"
"If you have anything to do with this FUCK YOU!!!!!!"
"Googled &quot;What is a Honey Boo Boo&quot; . . ."
"CD portrait celebrating the entire Freddie Mercury collection ..."
"Warning: pun inside"
"It seems so.... Surreal."
"&quot;Natural&quot; Canadian Flag"
"An unusual take on the flag"
"Scumbag lab"
"No Treats for you!"
"Manufacturer had conflicting thoughts..."
"You had one job...."
"Every day..."
"Bro watch me juggle this fire"
"Ta-da!"
"I'm gonna kick your ass  I'm gonna kick your ass!"
"18 000 people create a Human Statue of Liberty."
"Cool guys don't look at explosions... (GIF)"
"Me and a friend leaving our Calc final."
"How I feel leaving the grocery I work at with another cashier...leaving just 1 left...when it's still busy"
"Tomorrow I'm moving out of the US and going to Germany. This is how I feel."
"Tomorrow I'm moving out of the US and going to Germany. This is how I feel."
"Something that finally realistically represents my and my girlfriends bed space."
"Found this on my newsfeed  made me giggle."
"Poor Dr. Hedgehog"
"Finished my last final exam of the semester today..."
"OMG! I just got an upvote!"
"How I feel on those rare occasions when a religious person agrees with something I said in a debate"
"As both a new(ish) and black redditor  this is how I feel having finally broken 100 comment karma"
"If Kinect dance games were challenging  this would be a move"
"Just found out I passed the last math class I'll ever have to take."
"An unparalleled dancing performance. (x-post from r/spacedicks)"
"How the internet feels today because of 3 good news  (higgs boson found  ACTA defeated oatmeal wins)"
"President Obama's mighty steed."
"How the tin man would've gotten his heart in the 21st century..."
"THIS is how you eat an Oreo."
"The Holy Grail"
"My God..."
"How i feel waking up to a few up votes"
"Anyone know who this cute chic is? [GIF]"
"Dwight."
"The office Hardcore"
"Googled the most Canadian picture ever  was not dissapointed"
"I see your &quot;Most British picture ever&quot; and raise you the most Canadian picture ever."
"Keeping with the trend... Here is the Most Canadian Picture Ever!"
"Searched for awesome cat pics on google to get some karma...found this instead"
"Lost it in Nom"
"I want to die."
"Ticks Vs. Snake"
"Nope Nope Nope.........."
"A snake covered in ticks"
"What happens in clubs these days"
"Never had a funny picture that someone posted on facebook... Until now (they are 14)"
"DAD SAID NO COMPANY"
"Seems like thats some amazing Pasta [NSFW]"
"Suddenly I don't feel so bad being a nerd in High School!.. Pics of Rockstars in their teenage years"
"How I feel when I have a paper due tomorrow and haven't done anything."
"Last resort when I'm losing an argument"
"When someone says they don't like The Lion King"
"My friend thinks he's smart"
"Onions and Coconuts"
"For Those who Play Battlefield 3"
"Was taking a picture of my horse yawning and suddenly... Xenomorph Horse! (X-Post from r/animals)"
"Horse in a horse of course!"
"Horse  by Ridley Scott."
"I found one of your guys' yearbook photos. Who was it?"
"Flying Spaghetti Monster WINS... Jesus LOSES"
"Holy Ghostbusters"
"Louie's parties must be great"
"Fuck wasps"
"Its that time of the year again. Pterodactyl season..."
"Unparalleled Truth."
"Motherfuckin wasp"
"Asked a friend with help getting rid of a wasp nest. This was his response..."
"Fuck wasps"
"Fuck wasps"
"GODDAMN WASPS"
"Father of the year"
"SOON.......oh Hi there.."
"Now  that's the iphone I what."
"The next iphone [fixed]"
"."
"Waking up to an unsuccessful post from last night."
"Baby Giraffe"
"A little baby giraffe  soo coottee"
"I think reddit needs more giraffes."
"How I felt being told by my partner of 2 years  2 months  2 days decided to tell me today she wanted to break up (story inside)"
"How Summer hit the Midwest today"
"How I feel reading the complaints about the heat posts  as a Scot."
"How I feel as a diabetic on free Slurpee day."
"Summer [fixed]"
"How I felt when I found out that Kristen Stewart cheated on Robert Pattinson"
"How I feel when I've already clicked all the links and my day isn't over yet"
"How I feel when my link has already been posted."
"So apparently Max Payne 3 on Xbox360 is 2 discs. I thought the second disc was just for multiplayer or something (like BF3). So I rented it from Red Box knowing it said &quot;Disc 1 Only.&quot; I wonder how the story ends...."
"When someone says the moon landing was fake. - Imgur"
"Im native american this is how i feel when i see someone littering"
"The tenth Doctor is so sorry."
"Raindrops"
"An Englishman's view on rainymood.com"
"I bought an iphone 4s three days ago !!"
"Realizing I spent one year on Reddit without anything to show for it"
"THE GABE-INATOR"
"David Thorne received a letter today"
"It's always lovely to receive letters....."
"For those who know of David Thorne (27b/6)"
"Proudest moment of David's life"
"Office bullying at its best"
"how I feel on vacation with my family"
"I think kitty had too much to drink."
"What it seems like when I try and talk to a girl..."
"Force field"
"abercrombie wrestling"
"Ronald Raygun"
"Whirlwind of mad beats"
"Drum Fill [gif]"
"Trying to avoid an argument but knowing you're gonna get dragged in anyway"
"Mitt Romney on November 6th."
"OAG vs OAM"
"Oh physicists."
"woops! - Imgur"
"Seinfeld  pure awesomeness"
"I got to say this at the gym today!"
"Liam and me  we're gonna fuck you up."
"You got a date Wednesday  Baby!"
"I'll have my revenge."
"Soon..."
"Rick Santorum"
"Would you vote for this guy?[NSFW]"
"Just Rick Santorum Enjoying Some Ice Cream"
"What? It's only Rick Santorum eating some ice cream!"
"An old picture of Santorum. Yeah  baby!"
"why Hitler lost the war."
"So that's how the allies won!"
"Scissors beat paper"
"To everyone that is getting to play borderlands 2 when I am working and going to school."
"Optical Illusion"
"Illusions can be fun."
"My favorite optical illusion"
"Teahupoo--Not photoshopped."
"Would you?"
"Did You Know?"
"Did you know?"
"Tongue Facts"
"Best. Wedding. Ever."
"Dressed to kill"
"I swear i have no idea"
"I swear I have no idea"
"It's my first cake day  and I have nothing cool to post"
"This is how my dog poops."
"I don't even..."
"Objects in mirror..."
"How to handle a flood"
"And you thought parking in your town was bad."
"Por que me gusta"
"Que?"
"What?"
"When I'm channel surfing and stumble on the Spanish channel. [Fixed]"
"These new spray tan alternatives are getting ridiculous"
"Chocolate face"
"Why  oh why???"
"Into the shark pool!"
"A shark tank in Kuwait broke  releasing them into the Science Centers halls."
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"Right as I am about to end a tech call when they say &quot;Oh  one more thing...&quot;"
"How it feels to keep studying on Day 3 of finals."
"ATATATATATAT"
"After going through 4 pages on /r/funny/new/..."
"My drive to work tripled this week because of school starting up. This is how I felt the entire time."
"Shut the fuck up Rick..."
"Watcha gonna do faggot"
"Killa bees"
"Active Camo"
"Doggy camo"
"Ninja dog."
"All hail mushi cat"
"The supreme leader"
"Sometimes you just need a sign that tells you to stop what you're doing."
"When I try to post something on r/funny"
"Me whenever I try to post a meme"
"I wanna meet his parents."
"This guys dad deserves the Father of the Year award."
"Somebody is in trouble."
"Level of regrets: 0"
"Like a boss."
"smart dog covers himself with blanket"
"When my post gets downvoted [sorry]"
"When I get made fun of by my family and relatives for being a homosexual atheist."
"How I feel after realizing Michael Phelps and I are the same age."
"When my friends only text me to ask for stuff"
"As a console gamer changing over to PC gaming  I feel like this sums up my first few matches on TF2 pretty well."
"Writing a paper at a {8}"
"As a new PC Gamer switching from Xbox. This sums up my first BF3 match."
"Every person over 45 in my office  when they're typing an email."
"When I have to write an essay the night before it's due"
"Guys get in here! I need you to get to the FRONT PAGE."
"Dodging punches. Like a boss"
"come on guys  let me see."
"I'm not sure whether to be terrified or impressed"
"I'm sure he have played this before..."
"Bones actually are bigger  and are horribly deformed by the stress."
"lolzz'd"
"Sleep has never been cuter."
"Once i realize i still have 5 hours til my 1pm class."
"Soon."
"Who smiles at the ground?"
"When my crazy uncle-in-law watches the news."
"No longer alone"
"Oh Japan... You got everything"
"I want to applaud you... Unfortunately my arms are too small"
"I'm innocent I swear"
"Still my favorite 'cute animal pic' - love this little guy"
"Immediately what I saw."
"Josh isn't happy about this."
"Be Like Han"
"Me playing Slender in a nutshell."
"Seeing that I'm an avid fan of both cartoons.. I don't know how I missed this."
"When someone shows me something from 9gag."
"A Jedi knows how to use his words."
"Now that football season has started and I get the play by play via facebook status updates."
"Trying to use Twitter when the iPhone5 drops"
"My boyfriend has got me watching Chuck. I just watched the 2nd last episode. This picture just about sums up how I am feeling."
"Have strep throat really bad. As a grown man  I still feel this way."
"How I feel after an afternoon nap"
"Me after first 2 hours of school:"
"How i feel when i do everything in an addicting game"
"How I feel when my friends tell me they're religious."
"How I feel after missing a week of Reddit"
"How I feel after the blackout"
"After walking out of Titanic 3D last night."
"After getting to page 2425 of Reddit..."
"In the coming months  Total Recall  Judge Dredd and Red Dawn will all hit theaters."
"How I feel after working through and entire day and night  over 24 hours."
"How I feel waking up every morning after being unemployed for almost 3 months."
"After browsing Reddit for 8 hours straight..."
"When the purple links of a current Reddit surf find the purple links of a past one"
"Waking up this morning during a power outage and my phone dead"
"My thoughts concerning the republican party's stance on women's reproductive rights..."
"My professor was using laminated overheads during class"
"FML posts?"
"After Discovering a Great New Subreddit and Spending an Hour Going Through the Top Posts"
"So Need for Speed Most Wanted comes out soon"
"DERP"
"I feel that this sums up my long awaited cake day perfectly."
"More or less exactly what happens when I walk across a bar to talk to a girl"
"he is the best around!"
"Oh..OH S**T! QUICK  PLANK!"
"Can't get enough of this picture"
"Soo Deep."
"Revenge."
"How I feel all the freaking time"
"I swear next time a bird poops in my car...."
"&quot;What are you doing?&quot;"
"Someone asked me what my girlfriend and I did this weekend..."
"Colorado is getting ready"
"So I just got an acceptance letter from the most prestigious University ever"
"My Harvard acceptance letter!! So happy!!!"
"Spongebob"
"Googled Dafuq. Childhood now nightmare fuel."
"Aaaand  boom goes the dynamite"
"America  we can do better than this..."
"Shadows."
"Rashad Alakbarov  contemporary artist who paints with shadows and light."
"we are all athiests  even if we don't realize it"
"we are both atheists"
"Dr. Kloepneckler on the world's greatest engine"
"TIL that Zach Gilifinakis is a time traveler..."
"The Best Engine in the World"
"World's smallest elephant he is fighting for his life because he is so small so give this lil dude some love"
"World's smallest elephant  currently fighting for his life. YOU GOT THIS LITTLE BUDDY!"
"You are not the father!"
"The fuck did I just.."
"My friend's gf admitted to him that she's pregnant by another dude. Sent him these one by one."
"Need a celebration dance? WHY NOT ZOIDBERG?"
"I will (hopefully) never be as happy as this man"
"Fantastic integration of person and costume."
"Paralympian Josh Sundquist doing it right."
"The soft glow of electric sex gleaming in the window"
"The Red Sands Sea Fort  England [1600x1074]"
"Punt Return Rage"
"Run bitch!"
"Oh 'mericans."
"FOOTBAW"
"My new favorite gif"
"Hey Kids!  Let's go shopping for Halloween candy! **yay**"
"That'll stop him from asking for candy in the supermarket..."
"Oh yeah? Well take THAT bitch..."
"Puppet Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh"
"Professionally Crazy"
"Captain (Kitteh) Nathan Hale..."
"Thank you for flying are kitty  and please don't pet the attendants on your way out!"
"That's it  I quit."
"After reading the comments section on any website."
"How I feel at meetings with HR  Managers  and Supervisors all at the same time.."
"Trying to decode this whole Yakman story..."
"I had to walk through a dance studio full of teenage girls today..."
"When I didn't know the 1st question on my finals"
"How I react when a frient tells me we're dry  with no dealer access for a day."
"So long"
"if i see one more post about Train Simulator 2012..."
"What happens when a girl invites to hang out  then &quot;slyly&quot; adds the fact that she's having some problems with her computer."
"CS:GO for console"
"I missed my cake day.."
"my reaction to r/funny/new"
"As a hockey fan  my reaction upon hearing the NFL labor issues are likely over this week."
"Horse visiting it's neighbors"
"I know what I'm making this Halloween"
"Found this on Facebook. Definitely not going to THAT guys house tonight..."
"how i feel subscribing to r/trees while on probation..."
"These guys have the right idea"
"Polar Bear in a field of purple flowers"
"Polar bear and some flowers"
"The truth about female biology."
"Mmm  let me get sum'o dat."
"She likes it"
"What most people think Americans look like."
"MERICA!"
"Happy 'Murica Day  Reddit!"
"'MERICA"
"The black stallion"
"Damn  I was so hopeful."
"Reminds me of something you'd see in Japan."
"Damn religion"
"Where Religion Leads us."
"HADOUKEN!"
"For many  training starts early."
"I love this man..."
"Get Over It!"
"I don't think a title is even necessary for this badass photo."
"Quite possibly a repost but this dude is too cool not to repost!!"
"own that shit."
"Water Landing"
"In the event of a water landing"
"Hopscotch into oblivion"
"Want to play?"
"The only game I would play with my enemies"
"Them kittens... they never learn..."
"THEY GONE HAM"
"There was a spider..."
"One way to rid your house of spiders."
"I Think It's Gone Now"
"Awwww ^___^"
"Well  herro derr!"
"Hi there! Can we be friends?"
"The Real Most American Picture Ever"
"Like a Boss"
"This guy definitely gets laid every night"
"Meth."
"Faces of meth 2011"
"Steve?"
"Side Effects of Meth. Not Even Once."
"Getting ready for an 8a.m. class. (x-post from r/funny)"
"How I look getting ready for my 8 am class"
"How I look getting ready for my 8am class"
"Stunning fish"
"was cats.. was..."
"How different animals respond to being in a box"
"________ in a box!"
"A simple guide to animals in cardboard boxes."
"let me just blow this over your way"
"I know it's shark week  but this is pretty spectacular."
"Not impressed."
"Up close and personal"
"Seems kinda angry"
"The psychedelic result of alcohol placed under a microscope"
"Monkey swarm"
"Oh don't mind me... just feeding the monkeys."
"How it feels to upvote all the people who comment on your posts"
"Colin Mochrie the Velociraptor."
"Velociraptors don't read."
"FUCK YEAH"
"After seeing the Trailer for &quot;Taken 2&quot;"
"When I get 100 on a test I didn't study for"
"Rawwwrrrr"
"White girl problems."
"Yup  he had a little too much last night."
"Do you think we'll get there in time?"
"Do you think we'll get there in time?"
"It's a rare occurrence when this isn't my reaction to the comics."
"If it fits..."
"When someone posts something from /r/spiders to /r/funny..."
"my reaction to the recent tablet uploads"
"How I feel when I see a &quot;How I feel...&quot;-gif in funny"
"Someone else must feel this way when trying to watch anything by Tyler Perry"
"When you almost die in a stupid way and your faction mates are laughing"
"Reddit  when I'm trying to post anything. I should probably stop embarrassing myself."
"Europe and USA"
"It's funny because it's true."
"Manuls are the weirdest looking animals alive."
"Oh my God  Aragorn"
"Wtf Aragorn?"
"oh no you didnt (GIF.)"
"Airports..."
"biggest friendzone ever?"
"Aw son of A BITCH! A BOYFRIEND!?"
"A different side of the man."
"Einstein and his therapist."
"Whaaaa?"
"Strange Magic Trick. I've yet to figure it out."
"I see your &quot;best British picture ever&quot; and raise you the &quot;most badass British picture ever&quot;."
"Mitt Romney does his best Liberace"
"How Redditors have sex"
"How to pick up a lady redditor.....like a boss."
"A man with a pussy."
"Baby Holster"
"Uh oh. Time to change course..."
"The Eternal Lightning Fields in Venezuela"
"Pretty intense storm."
"Lightning Superstorm!"
"Hitler  has joined the game (Warning: this is a long gif)"
"No no no  THIS is my favorite .gif of all time."
"World War II"
"War .gif needs war music."
"If WW2 was played online [animated]"
"Hittler[AoE] has joined the game"
"Hittler[AoE] has joined the game"
"Hittler[AoE] has joined the game"
"Assholes!"
"Poor Shuttlecock"
"I've always thought it was a funny name too..."
"Slothstronaut"
"Western Sky will give you $5 000 in your checking account. All you have to do is pay them back almost $41 000 over the next 7 years.."
"Seems legit...if your bookie is about to murder you."
"He asked for his dad to come home..."
"This young boy asked santa for his dad back for christmas"
"It was a long story..."
"Brazilian Private Yacht Wrecked in Icy Antarctic Waters [1200x722]"
"How'd you get up there  fat cat?"
"This looks comfy"
"Pleasure Overload"
"I don't find this punny..."
"Animal puns"
"Animal Puns! MADE MY DAY"
"The minnow has the last word"
"When I saw the little cake next to my name after posting today"
"I've got two girls; fuck my life. NSFW"
"my favorite flavor of Popsicle"
"Worst tattoo possible"
"Look at the wee lil' boots..."
"Rainy day"
"I don't want my feets to get wet."
"Piglet"
"My featsies can't get wet"
"Prepared for those rainy days"
"What a Babe."
"First one to blink loses"
"Shark... pffft"
"How I imagine myself the day I make the front page"
"And IIIIIII..."
"Spiderpman"
"Spiderpman (x-post /r/gifs)"
"Spider-man  Spider-man  does whatever a spi-ARGH!"
"This is why Spiderman didn't make it into the Avengers"
"Probably why Spiderman didn’t make it into The Avengers"
"Picked A Bad Place To Park"
"My cat Himmler being a silly goose"
"I googled &quot;The most prettiest cat in the world&quot; this was the first result"
"It's that horrifying moment..."
"That Horrifying Moment"
"Watermelon + MRI"
"MRI of a Watermelon - Black Doctors."
"Watermelons can be beautiful on a certain scale."
"MRI of a watermelon (x-post from r/biology)"
"This belongs here: Grooms seeing their brides on their wedding days for the first time [xpost r/pics]"
"wait for it..."
"Mitt Romney triying to hit President Obama on what the President said about Libya the Rose Garden."
"Mitt Romney trying to hit President Obama on what the President said about Libya in the Rose Garden. - Imgur"
"You laugh  you lose"
"Morality? Guess which one the Bible is OK with."
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its best."
"When I see a post in r/funny make the front page that isn't funny at all."
"How do you know?"
"Oh god Joker"
"EVerytime I decide to read comments on /r/gonewild"
"I went to 9GAG to see if it's as bad as everyone from Reddit says..."
"After browsing r/4chan for too long"
"When I read /r/gonewild comments"
"MFW my girlfriend is watching toddlers and tiaras"
"I tried to make an Obama chair joke to my conservative friends  this was their reaction:"
"Every time my dad removes his browsing history"
"How I feel seeing all these messed-up toes posts lately."
"sdfghjm"
"Just a girl lying down OH SHI-"
"Not sure if repost  not sure if WTF  I am sure this is effecting me"
"Because wolves are so cliche...."
"You gave me minnnnion! I gave you Gaben and Steam Linux beta starting this week!"
"MINNNIONNNNN!"
"You all see a tiny spider and call for the flamethrowers  but I show you a big spider and everyone is offended"
"Have you ever been so fat?"
"Scumbag Cosby"
"Scumbag Bill Cosby"
"TACOOOOO"
"A Literal Interpretation"
"My all time favourite gif."
"My favorite GIF of all time"
"Something you might have missed when watching Harry Potter..."
"Sums up the internet pretty well..."
"A baby sloth hugging his stuffed giraffe"
"Baby sloth and friend"
"Baby sloth holding stuffed giraffe."
"Uh oh...."
"Googled &quot;Dumb Shit&quot;"
"The planets to scale!"
"My rabbit loves beer. Wherever you put the beer bottle  she'll find it and lick the top hoping to get a couple drops"
"i saw this on facebook  it's brilliant"
"How most of Reddit about the Higgs Boson right now"
"As a 15 year old watching the debate..."
"Re-releasing old movies in 3D"
"EXCLUSIVE! The plot to Star Wars 7"
"Reddit these days"
"How I feel about all of the Star Wars/Disney posts..."
"Trust me guys  EVERY girl feels this way."
"Ohhhhh  I don't think so."
"When I'm in the mood and my girlfriend isn't."
"Hi-Ho Silver! [gif]"
"How I feel when someone cuts in line in front of me."
"how i feel when my boss asks me to work on saturday"
"When someone makes it to the front page reposting something I already posted"
"When I introduce two of my friends to each other and they start hanging out without me."
"After Redditing all day at work  then getting home and clicking on every link you have already seen."
"Finally got around to playing the Wii"
"Because. Dubstep"
"When my roommate said Rage Against the Machine wasn't &quot;real music&quot;... unlike &quot;Call me Maybe&quot;"
"Hypnotic"
"This Picture Will Mess With Your Mind."
"There are no words to describe this"
"watching burlesque dancers..."
"Hypnotizing"
"That big pussy. Purrrrr."
"This is the way he looks when you disturb his nap."
"He is not ameowsed"
"MFW I have to work through the holiday week  including Thanksgiving Day."
"Not so grumpy cat..."
"So my friend sends me this before he stopped by."
"How I feel dealing with new co-workers who are fresh out of college"
"Highway to the DANGERZONE!"
"&quot;The Moonwalk Superstar&quot;"
"This is what my nightmares are made of (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Owls are creepy motherfuckers"
"Creepy as hell."
"I don't even. What."
"Don't mess with this crew."
"Tasty"
"What I imagine redditors of /r/spacedicks to be like"
"A bridge in Westminster"
"You naughty  naughty Sun!"
"Troll Level: Engineer"
"But why?!?"
"Is it because it's dangerously cool?"
"For safety"
"How I Feel When I See a Funny Pun"
"When I saw that Reddit's language had changed for National Talk-Like-A-Pirate Day"
"Whenever I try to choose my flavor of icecream..."
"Me after getting RES"
"Round Round Cat"
"When im old  i want to be this badass."
"Fuck the Police..."
"Some farcical aquatic ceremony."
"Mission ImPokemon"
"Oldie but goodie. Show me your favorite oldies!!!"
"What's the matter  Nietzsche?"
"This is why you don't flush them down the toilet."
"Screwed!"
"my face while clicking WTF posts in the past few days"
"How I feel seeing a post on the front page that I upvoted in r/new"
"Seeing my link karma going from 7 to 8 last night"
"Obama  after Clinton's speech..."
"Like a Boss"
"Sticking it to the Man."
"Level level: level."
"Level level: level."
"CHOO CHOO"
"A new war has begun....."
"Is your wifi network name anything to do with Flamingos!?"
"Funny Church Sign"
"Hipster Church"
"Thought this belongs here"
"What a long  strange trip it's been"
"What a long  strange trip it's been"
"I wish someone would edit in Photogenic Guy on this .gif"
"Some guy just missed the bus and didn't want to wait for the next one...or was a ninja."
"How to catch a bus!"
"A new way to catch the bus to class"
"How our school deals with overcrowded buses."
"Uh... &quot;Top Ten Ways to Get Away With Rape&quot;? What the fuck?!"
"My friend made national news with this flyer he put up in his hall's bathroom [SFW]"
"bringing WTF back to its roots"
"Suddenly  this cat is 10x more badass."
"he's a silent guardian  a watchful protector  a Dark Knight."
"I am Batman."
"Just my friend's cat as Batman."
"batcatman? catbatman?"
"Introducing: the fascinating Cat-man"
"so quoth my boyfriend  ever the political commentator"
"Tactical Rolling Panda (GIF)"
"Tactical Rolling Panda"
"Do a barrel roll"
"My friend can't eat chocolate because of an allergy  I showed her this."
"Chocolate"
"My girlfriend really amazes me with her art."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art... [FIXED]"
"My girlfriend painted this amazing self portrait. What do you think?"
"Hey  check out my girlfriend's new painting. She says it's not that great  but I think she has talent (please be supportive)!"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art."
"My girlfriend's art amazes me sometimes..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art"
"Look what my girlfriend painted! [FIXED]"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her artwork"
"My boyfriend amazes me with his art."
"My gf also amazes me with her art"
"My girlfriend drew this in 2 hours. She doesn't think she is very good. I think otherwise."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"Just a little something my girlfriend threw together last night"
"Look what my girlfriend painted today..."
"My girlfriend also amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"So I saw this Banksy when I was in France not too long ago. Thought you guys might like it."
"Like a &quot;Big League&quot; Boss"
"when my teacher calls on me when i was on reddit  and i nail the answer"
"Words cannot describe how hard I laughed at this."
"Well at least you tried  and in the end that's all that matters"
"How I feel playing jump rope as an adult."
"This is why I don't play sports."
"I whip my ass back and forth..."
"OMG  I get to get a cake day too?!"
"How i feel when a girl sends me a text with a ;) in it."
"I just thought it was funny ok"
"Swag level Otter"
"Now walk it otter"
"A True Women's Otter"
"This is what i hear"
"Step  Step Side to Side Round n Round"
"Storm's coming"
"Science"
"Science Ruins Everything"
"Apparently  atheists resemble goats (a leaflet found on a car window)"
"What should you do if you find an atheist?"
"My Daughter found this on Teabonics"
"Why are we always so sad? (not sure if repost)"
"What Should You Do When You Find An Atheist?"
"Protecting the Children"
"Time for some spring cleaning"
"Corgi loves being vacuumed"
"Firework"
"Future Calvin and Hobbes"
"Hug"
"Friendz"
"tiger hug"
"My sister is a news producer and the meteorologist she works with this got this letter today..."
"‘’More awesome than a monkey wearing a tuxedo made out bacon riding a cyborg unicorn with a lightsaber for the horn.’’"
"Who ate the damn pizza rolls?"
"Every goddamned time I invite my friends over."
"Having a roommate  I swear I say this daily."
"Even Wolverine likes Gangnam Style"
"Gangnam Style Wolverine"
"X-Men Origins"
"Oppa X-Men Style!"
"wolverine style"
"wolverine gangnam style"
"This happened."
"Mitt has a binder full of women!"
"dirty debating"
"Oh Mitt..."
"The best bed sheets EVER!"
"The Ultimate Karma Whore"
"December 1st. How I felt after shaving."
"Cleaning cloth that came with my glasses"
"Cleaning cloth that came with my glasses (x-post from r/mildlyinteresting"
"Cloth that came with my new glasses."
"Pretty much sums up me every time I walk past a bakery or food in general."
"A new superhero is among us..."
"My nephew's Skylander costume."
"My nephew is a big Skylanders fan. (x-post from /r/gaming)"
"Electric Lawnmowers need a bigger warning sticker."
"to infinity and beyond"
"This isn't what it looks like  I swear!"
"A Link to the Past"
"Yo Dawg"
"I never understood this."
"Beachy Head  England. The third most popular suicide site in the world"
"The world's edge (fixed)"
"Actually at the world's edge"
"I hate it when this happens..."
"The difference between faith and insanity"
"Noted"
"When a squid in shorts and sandals gives me the nod at a red light"
"My reaction every time I get an upvote..."
"Pretty sure he's feeling it now..."
"Oh Spongebob..."
"Are you feeling it"
"Why men continued to drink in 1919..."
"Winter is coming. Brace yourselves."
"When Fall comes to New England [FIXED]"
"Oh dear"
"Pacman must be a shareholder of LG"
"I want one!"
"Summer Fun"
"Best. Toy. EVER."
"What is this called?"
"Another logo that blew my mind."
"the best logo I've ever seen"
"Probably a repost  but it made me laugh."
"Someone please explain what's going on here..."
"Scientists..."
"Scientists... (FIXED)"
"How i feel after submitting a comment"
"I was having a steamy hot shower when I had to fart..."
"After the first vote on a link I've submitted is a downvote..."
"Posting about a socio-political-religious issue on Facebook"
"Every day I'm cuddlin'"
"just thought id throw this in here"
"Every punk rock concert i ever went to."
"Interesting point of view"
"m҉u҉r҉r҉a҉y҉b҉a҉l҉l҉"
"&quot;Guys... Guys it won't go away.&quot;"
"first i laughed  but then i was hypnotized..."
"Flight of the tennis ball"
"Feelbending?"
"Oh"
"How it feels to finally have my braces off. (FIXED)"
"80 000 volts through a flower"
"Please bitch  I'm the boss"
"Things to do When the Internet is Down"
"What school do you go to again?"
"The Zorastorian Tower of Silience ... &quot;tainted with the blood of Ahriman&quot; ... great WTF story (x-file-ish / possible hoax / nonconfirmed)"
"Ooh look! A Muppet Christmas Album!!"
"Folding Lava"
"Parenting: Right or wrong?"
"It's just a Pizza Cat"
"my room mate lent me his laptop for the week  i just found a file called 'pizza cat in space'. thought reddit would appreciate it."
"Pizza Cat In Space!"
"Pizza Cat in Space. (x-post from /r/funny)"
"My friend sent me this in the middle of the night."
"Whoa Ewok  just whoa"
"One pup's head is another pup's seat cushion!"
"Let the &quot;awww!!&quot; faces commence"
"Travel is fatal to prejudiced  bigotry  and narrow mindedness."
"The true hero of &quot;Goldeneye&quot;"
"I could never understand how he never died in Goldeneye"
"pay attention   or you're gonna fail the mid term."
"tries to make friends with seal  gets head bitten off."
"wat"
"Wat the fuck"
"I know I'm late to the party  but tried trees for the first time this fourth. More or less my reaction that night:"
"If the shoe fits ..."
"When my ex calls."
"When asked on Facebook to &quot;Like&quot; something..."
"I have the sudden urge to jump off a cliff now."
"a friend of mine made this beautifull picture of havasu falls while hiking in the grand canyon"
"The Sun newspaper reporting on 'The Internet' in the 90's"
"It'll never catch on"
"How I feel when I get a couple upvotes then 10 downvotes"
"Fighting the Capra Demon for the first time in Dark Souls"
"I got my final grades today..."
"Animals Hate Children"
"Animals Hate Children"
"Animals Hate Children [.gif gallery]"
"Release the hell hounds!"
"Every time I post something on Reddit."
"baby first step!"
"/r/wallpaper made my morning with this gem.I give you Teddy Rooseevelt vs Bigfoot"
"The greatest American pioneer."
"Me  when my balls are stuck to side of my leg on a hot day. [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile  in England"
"Didn't even know what to say."
"Worst Star Wars Costumes Ever."
"My favorite photo of Daniel Radcliffe from his night out in Dublin"
"Best photo of Daniel Radcliffe from his night out in Dublin"
"10 pints for Gryffindor"
"uncertainty"
"When I go accepted into med school today"
"Stick your dick in crazy? [NSFW]"
"How Harry Potter actually got his lightning bolt scar"
"Always makes me laugh"
"Watercolors"
"Do you feel it?"
"How I feel knowing my toes aren't ugly"
"A model of the actual central nervous system of a human. This is  in fact what makes us human."
"This is you. Your thoughts  your fears  your wants and your desires. This is everything. All in one picture."
"Yep  sounds about right."
"Interesting view."
"Net Worth"
"Think of our son"
"Come at me bro"
"1990 - 2011"
"How true is this?"
"Alison Brie (NSFW-ish)"
"Allison Brie is absolutely stunning"
"Alison Brie (Album)"
"Am always doing this"
"I can't be the only one who saw this"
"Textbook slide tackle"
"Space pussies"
"Why even make this?"
"How easy it is to scare my sister."
"I got a buddy who knows about this kinda thing  let me give him a call and see if we can work out a deal..."
"Baby Cage"
"leap year post."
"I too am moist  in my diaper."
"So I told him  best I can do is $300"
"So this popped up on my news feed..."
"Googled nick cage  came up with this. Satisfied"
"MFW I'm sitting in afternoon lecture  after eating tons of greasy pizza for lunch."
"Searched &quot;thundercunt&quot; on google...was not disappointing"
"Nice view"
"From the top of hill"
"I guess that's... original?"
"I'm sorry. I cannot hear you over my giant mustache."
"Heil EATLER!"
"Africa can be an interesting place."
"You know I can  uh  eat a peach for hours..."
"A Hippolaus Cage  found in the wild!"
"Hippolas cage"
"Hippolas Cage"
"they told me i could be anything. So i became..."
"...That's quite a list of credentials  sir."
"This will always be my favorite meme"
"Untouchable"
"The golden age of music [FIXED]"
"The Golden Age of Video Game Music"
"Anything Goes"
"Suave."
"The golden age of brutality"
"Finally on record at last"
"Rebellious Asian"
"The real online predator..."
"Beware of meeting IRL."
"When someone makes you dance at a party infront of other people"
"NOPE! nope nope nope"
"How I feel about midterms this week at highschool"
"Guess what..."
"Watching the summer olympics as a Canadian"
"I'm that type of girl"
"Listening to Garbage when I opened this gif."
"Waffle!"
"The NHL is a magical place"
"My thoughts concerning the NHL playoffs"
"Pre-game hunger strikes again"
"Upboat if you hungry 4 waffles too!"
"What Michael Jackson will look like in 2000"
"My first post. This is my father when we were in Bermuda."
"I can't even explain whats going on here. This photo just streamed on my facebook."
"Your discipline is lacking  comrade."
"French army knife"
"What those who love to facebook &quot;debate&quot; would do well to remember."
"I would watch this movie."
"The Mission Is a Very Tall Man"
"Demon fever  man."
"wait! I'm not a bowling ball  I'm an otter-ball!"
"Otterball"
"latest edition to the louvre"
"&gt;:("
"This is my wife every time I try and give her a high five"
"newest addition to the louvre"
"No."
"The attempted creation of Grumpy Cat"
"No Tard."
"Hello Jerry..."
"True story."
"I thought /r/atheism would appreciate this"
"Winner!"
"A winner is you! [X-Post from Gaming]"
"How I feel playing single player after getting destroyed online."
"This is how i feel after pay day"
"If Video Games Were Easy"
"If games were easy."
"Perfect games for rage-quitters. (gif)"
"REPOST from /gaming [Perfect Games for Rage Quitters gif]"
"Games for rage quitters (r/gaming xpost)"
"Games for rage-quitters"
"This is one of my favorite gifs"
"Nigga Treyshon"
"I regret to inform you..."
"Texting my friend in the hospital who almost died in a car accident."
"Russian WWII Veteran finds his tank."
"A hippopotamus pulling a cart. [x-post from OldSchoolCool]"
"You find some interesting things on Facebook..."
"So I told you I can fly!"
"Time to go. We have seen enough"
"David Blaine's cat"
"Redditing on a Saturday night"
"Welcome to the internet  please follow me. **WARNING: Original Content**"
"This is reddit!"
"So I used this picture to describe Reddit to a friend today."
"Flipflops + glue"
"Manliest man in the world..."
"This man might be the most badass man that has ever lived"
"Chuck Norris has nothing on this guy"
"As perfect as perfect gets."
"So... i typed &quot;floating bacon&quot; in google images...."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Goggled &quot;Was not disappointed &quot; and was not disappointed."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson Flippin' the bird  photo shopped in an attempt to vilify him..."
"Oh Neil...."
"When people make fun of me for liking science"
"Hotboxing"
"How to avoid a speeding ticket"
"Genius  never getting a speeding ticket again."
"[FB] I...what...oh my god some people..."
"Saw this on my news feed... thought I should share."
"I just realized..."
"How I feel after going through 5 pages of r/funny"
"Every single day I have off"
"Thank you Reddit.."
"How I feel after being on reddit  PERIOD....."
"How I feel everyday of the week back after Spring Break"
"Finals are approaching and..."
"Weekends in a nutshell"
"One year of lurking! This sums up most of my time spent on this glorious site."
"Uh-oh Elmo!"
"america.gif"
"Carpooling? Never heard of that.."
"Meanwhile  in America..."
"America!!!"
"They are no longer pets  but our brothers in arms."
"FINISH HIM!!"
"I Fear No Evil.."
"Neil Degrasse Tyson is one cool motherfucker"
"Neil Degrasse Tyson is one cool motherfucker"
"NDT Meets B.o.B"
"The Office has really been going down lately."
"Dwintanic"
"It's coming..."
"Wow  water looks just wonderfu-NOPE."
"Popped up on my Facebook feed. Squids?"
"Not Tom &amp; Jerry"
"What Obama did to Reddit.."
"Me  trying to do ANYTHING on Reddit today."
"I feel sorry for all the other AMAs today."
"Mind=blown"
"amazing halloween costume"
"The dalai lama came to my school"
"The Dalai Lama was at my school last night"
"This is my shake face"
"1984"
"your childhood  let me ruin it..."
"Ruined Childhood...."
"Winnie the Pooh: The Oriental Version"
"BREAKING NEWS IN PHOENIX"
"Saw this on /r/pics and thought it belonged here more. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Little face  big heart."
"My dad sent this to me a few days ago. He said that he &quot;didn't know why he shared this with me&quot;. Don't know if I should laugh or be scared..."
"Bikini Atoll - Atom Bomb Test Site [1920x1200]"
"I make pants."
"Chubby Asian kid gets his martial arts on."
"What the hell?!"
"4chan's /b/"
"Muthf**ckin 'Merica"
"He's wearing his lucky underwear!"
"Overly Attached Chicken"
"Ran into OAG all dressed up for Halloween."
"How I feel whenever I finish an assignment the week before it's due and watch everybody else struggle the night before."
"Went to r/new late at night and saw someone had already downvoted everything."
"New morning  new day added to my counter."
"Cowboy Bebop"
"Woke up this morning and saw my account was 1 year old."
"Sax Eastwood"
"Remorseful Kitty"
"How I feel after I finish masturbating"
"Once I realized that I missed my cake day"
"sad cat"
"Googled: &quot;I missed my cake day&quot; This captured my feelings exactly."
"Can't beat tha-- Wait  what?"
"Round 1: Fight!"
"MORTAL KOMBAT!"
"This is the so-called taekwondo..."
"A summary of the political debate"
"last 30 mins of work every day."
"No time to find something good for my cake day cause of school -_-"
"Wednesday. 3:00pm"
"When my dad found out he was paying 70 dollars for 5MBS download speed  when he could be paying 36 for 25 MPBS"
"When I get downvoted on a post"
"When my friends post reddit links to facebook..."
"How I feel as a Brit who just woke up to Obama's AMA...that just finished."
"How I felt  Its my cake day  I tried to whore my dog for karma and I failed"
"When my plans are ruined by getting called into work..."
"How I felt when I realized I missed my cake day"
"My company will be shutting down at the end of Oct -- staring at definite unemployment  I turn to my favorite gif"
"How I felt when Jerry Reese said in his AMA that Toaster from &quot;The Brave Little Toaster&quot; is actually a girl."
"When people post the same idea again i had earlier and get way more karma"
"My attitude anywhere after the first five weeks of school"
"Just found out i missed my first cake day"
"Got to work  and just realized it's only Wednesday..."
"Me  tomorrow  at my shitty job  when I start my dream job in a week"
"When I go to make a witty comment only to find someone has beaten me to it"
"Every time I get downvoted..."
"How I feel after finishing my last final in College..."
"Returning to the lab after a 'productive' xmas break ..."
"How I feel downvoting something in /r/new"
"just coasting along and posting one comment...."
"Mary-Kate Olsen &amp; Her 42-Year-Old Boyfriend"
"Mary-Kate Olsen with her 42 year old French boyfriend  Olivier Sarkozy..."
"Mary Kate Olsen and her 42 year old &quot;boyfriend&quot; Olivier Sarkozy (half brother of Nicolas Sarkozy and co-head and managing director of the Carlyle Group's Global Financial Services Group)"
"Now that's strategic!"
"New favorite face swap"
"You people with your armed eagles  apes  and polar bears are so cute"
"Weaponized dinos? Yes. you heard right."
"But I don't even... Wtf"
"The awesomest gif I've ever seen."
"The awesomest gif I've ever seen"
"To commemorate Obama's Iama  here's him skating through the summit."
"Haters gonna hate"
"How I feel about the huge fight between Redditors and F7U12 Mods."
"I visited r/spacedicks for the first time today. Here is my reaction..."
"Me  when my coworker starts telling a gay joke in front of our closet-gay co-worker {FIXED}"
"How I feel being the only sober person at a party"
"How I feel as an independent voter when election season comes around"
"All I can think of at work when I am being CC'd on an email which another employee is getting his shit handed to him by other management."
"How the rest of the country feels about hurricane Isaac"
"Hey dude  I think you got something up your nose"
"Nose maggots"
"RORO!"
"Reddit's reaction to anything related to Morgan Freeman - GifSound Version."
"Mooo."
"I normally hate x-posts... But I wish I was there. (yes you probably saw it)"
"TSA is not amused [xpost from /r/nova]"
"Drunks on a Plane"
"7:30am TSA is not amused. (Smirnoff Vodka)"
"En route to Motherboy XXX  just stopping to get some cash at the ATM..."
"My dog Kona i saved from the pound one year ago today."
"Meet pure COURAGE"
"... just a dog"
"Doggy in a cup"
"Time For Tea?"
"overhearing new co-worker reference reddit"
"Overhearing my girlfriend talking to her friend over the phone &quot;I'm back on the pill&quot;"
"I love this gif. It doesn't need a witty title  because it could have so many. Why don't you post your best in comments"
"Overhearing someone make fun of religion"
"Overhearing someone make fun of religion"
"Whenever I catch eyes with someone else blazing in the same park as me..."
"As a kid  how I looked trying to look mature for the babysitter."
"GTFO!"
"Best depiction of my relationship with my brother"
"Scumbag Turtle"
"OP'S PLAN"
"4chan predicts the start of S5.5"
"University of Guelph Physics Prof  Performs as a sideshow act on the side called &quot;Monsters of Schlock&quot;"
"So I went to a random is.gd link  and this popped up"
"Hermit crab with a see through &quot;shell&quot;"
"Superman in England."
"Superman in England (xpost from r/funny)"
"The Doctor has a Guest"
"Couldn't stop laughing"
"Nyan Cat Auditions"
"Just got home from my last final of my degree  this is now me..."
"dare u 2 ring this door bell"
"It's super effective!"
"Thank you Sandy..."
"President Obama doing an AMA?"
"GG Obama on what he thinks of reddit"
"my reaction to Obamas AMA"
"I love stop motion sheep"
"What every crime spree in GTA feels like."
"One day people will wake up and then this will happen"
"I was amused seeing him making love to that statue."
"statuetory rape?"
"statuetory rape?"
"How I feel walking into the wrong class"
"How I feel walking into the wrong class"
"Woman dressed as cat ballet dancing on wine bottles"
"Bianca Passarge  1858."
"Are you a....."
"Gertie the Dinosaur (1914)"
"Dinoswag"
"Dubstep Dino"
"A dance we should all know."
"FUCK"
"Fuck"
"FUCK."
"I couldn't think of anything to describe this  but it made me laugh. I hope this brightens your day somehow."
"So  how did it go at the gym today...."
"Olympic weightlifters aint got shit on her..."
"GET IT GIRL"
"How I Feel At The Gym"
"Puss in boots"
"Why would you do this"
"This wine gives me a headache"
"How to piss off your nerdy friends"
"How to piss off your nerdy friends"
"How to piss off a redditor"
"Seal puppy"
"&quot;Aww  doesn't he look cute?&quot;"
"Ladies and gents  meet Beluga the seal-pup"
"Pet costumes that get the Seal of approval"
"Pug in a Seal Costume!"
"He's a seal pup"
"Cute baby seal"
"Redneck Toddler"
"Nana has had enough to drink tonight"
"Reddit missed a great party last night."
"Typical Saturday night"
"Trying to comment on the top post of askreddit"
"How I imagine all the people asking questions to POTUS"
"Would you feel ethically obligated?"
"My new best friend."
"My happy place."
"True Gangnam Style."
"My favorite site was the victim of a denial of service attack. Whoever did this is a MONSTER!"
"This is what i imagine the end of the world looks like"
"Every time someone posts a sad cat story on reddit..."
"Every time I see a kitten pic I miss this guy"
"Reddit's mortal enemy"
"r/awwww's worst nightmare....."
"Our savior from all of these damn cat posts!!!!"
"Reddit's Arch Enemy"
"If she hasn't.....she will soon...."
"If she hasn't..."
"Who I Imagine Reposters Look Like [FIXED]"
"I will always  ALWAYS sneak food into the movie theater"
"How I feel when I hear my conservative friends talking about politics."
"When I overheard someone call his wife a cunt at a restaurant"
"I'm in the military and I was supposed to be in Libya right now on a mission. This was my reaction when my mother said &quot;All the more reason for you to believe in God.&quot;"
"How I felt when I mentioned food to my roommates  who are currently fasting."
"When people that get welfare complain about liberals"
"Uhhhhhh. What?"
"Browsing F7U12 (Or: Another trend appears)"
"I can't be the only one that notices this"
"I ask myself this question everyday...."
"...what the hell is going on this time?"
"Meanwhile  in America"
"No mouse  no keyboard  no problem."
"Everytime I listen to screamo music"
"How I feel looking at all the pictures of hoarding going on."
"Thanks reddit"
"My thoughts when I first saw '2 Girls 1 Cup'."
"When I have something funny to post  but can't think of a good title"
"Mouse rage."
"How I feel since joining Reddit"
"My First Time Browsing /r/atheism"
"f7u12 recently"
"Why I go on 9gag (First)"
"Just got on the computer this morning"
"Every time I hear that &quot;I'll have H2O  too&quot; joke..."
"i have a feeling i'm not missing out on anything too good"
"I need stupid friends."
"Every time I look through my Facebook friends."
"Usher OMG"
"I think this speaks for itself."
"Storm Troopers! (am I doing this right?)"
"I dont think im doing this right"
"Ummm best face swap ever?"
"Let's relive one of the highlights of the London 2012 Olympics"
"Just a trash can"
"chicken nuggets"
"Pedobear was busy on Haloween.."
"I love this man"
"Will Ferrell's got it."
"Dwight vs. Planker"
"Episode V: The 8-Bit Strikes Back"
"I laughed harder than I should have."
"Indeed..."
"17 individual images taken at the same time between April 2 and September 16 follow half the analemma curve from Baku Azerbaijan. Venus is visible transiting the Sun in one of the top exposures."
"DMT"
"CALL 911 NOW!"
"How I feel when I have a good post but it gets down voted to oblivion."
"My friend had a major cancer operation  almost died  but somehow he gives a shit whether or not my crappy reddit post makes the front page"
"For all you guys(and girls) going through a rough time. Remember:"
"Just an aquarium."
"Just an aquarium (x-post from r/pics)"
"Something's fishy about this picture...."
"How I feel when I log onto facebook"
"Just an Armadillo Lizard [pic]"
"The Golden Armadillo Lizard"
"OM NOM NOM."
"too much aww to handle."
"Bath salts."
"puppies sucking face on the streets of LA"
"Saw this on FB  the Grammar  Is killing me and tearing me apart."
"In the jungle  the migh-AWW FUCK"
"My first and last experience on 4chan"
"You wish you were this hardcore."
"How I react when I'm crossing the street and some dickhead decides to start crossing the white line"
"Cow At Me Bro!"
"Cow At Me Bro!"
"When you're crossing the road and someone honks at you to hurry up."
"I laugh everytime."
"That's pretty much how I deal with bullies at my school."
"YOU WANT SOME OF THIS?!"
"I dare you not to laugh"
"Awwww Yeaaaah ITS MATING SEASON!"
"So you say your not afraid of spiders..."
"A house spider. Magnified."
"HD Macro Spider Facebook Profile"
"Oh dear god! This is a common UK house spider... MAGNIFIED!"
"Common House Spider under 30x magnification"
"And he's disqualif....oh....god no..."
"Can someone tell me what this is from and what is going on?"
"Stuff like this gets me every time"
"Taking it like a man"
"Almost had it...."
"Suicide Level:Boss"
"When my girlfriend and her mother get in an argument while I'm around"
"my face when i'm at a friends house and he gets yelled at."
"My ear broke D:"
"Wait till you see my dick"
"Food Porn"
"Brownie Husband"
"That's just how he rolls..."
"Hammertime"
"It's Hammertime!"
"You're probably sick of the &quot;Disney/Star Wars&quot; pics already  but this one is absolutely adorable."
"This is Kenny..........the Down Syndrome Tiger"
"Well I'm off to the library.... [NSFW]"
"Misbehaving in Library UPDATE!? NSFW"
"Studying hard... [NSFW]"
"There are three kinds of people who watch movies..."
"There are three kinds of people who watch movies... (FIXED)"
"My favourite Stephen Hawking quote."
"The Milky Way over Switzerland"
"Humid?"
"The best use of the force. (FIXED)"
"Will Smith vs Jedi"
"My favorite Lucasfilm - Disney picture so far."
"Who's your daddy?"
"Where tha hood at"
"Billy Blastoise"
"Some people are so stupid.."
"*Sigh* Why I question Facebook."
"Award winner"
"The Worst Meatball Sandwich."
"The worst meatball sandwich"
"This doesn't look right."
"The real throne"
"For my first Reddit birthday  I've decided to repost one of my favorites."
"I control the Southern Hemisphere. repost"
"Sometimes I cut myself."
"KILL IT WITH FI- Oh. Nevermind"
"Oh my god [GIF]"
"How I feel when I expect a post to do well and I get no upvotes..."
"Noth Korea launches nuclear missile towards USA..."
"How I imagine Russians feel of all this talk of Summer"
"Epic as hell."
":D"
"I don't even..."
"The ol' spicey keychain."
"Dominic you rat!"
"Time to shine  Typhlosion."
"So my crush added me on facebook..."
"wat"
"Please Ignore  it's just a repost of something I want to save to my Reddit."
"My reaction to /r/poop"
"Listening to a professor with a thick accent talking about a complicated subject."
"oh please pikachu...."
"Found this on a random imgur search  forgot how much this made me laugh"
"Miss me once  shame on you.."
"A girl at my university puts tiny hats on squirrels."
"A girl at my university puts tiny hats on squirrels."
"This Is A Girl's Hobby At My School. [Article in comments]"
"So  there's a girl at my school who goes around and puts little hats on squirrels..."
"My feelings toward school with only 2 weeks left in the semester."
"Me (clearly a bit old for Reddit) every time I inadvertently stumble into a Pokemon-related thread."
"Now that memes are all over Facebook"
"When I start to read /gonewild comments"
"How it feels getting on Reddit when imgur is down."
"When a girl casually talks about her period with me ..."
"I just noticed something about one of the most used gifs on reddit. Look at the girl behind Jerry"
"Trying to read the Obama AMA.."
"After browsing WTF lately..."
"As someone who doesn't like feet at all  how I feel about all the weird feet posts."
"Me  right after I sat down to watch the US Presidential debate."
"Fight for your flight to departy!"
"Fighting over who gets to eat the first snowflake"
"I can show you the world..."
"How I feel getting called in a waiting room"
"Hes sad  but some what contempt."
"Dangerzone"
"Oh hi!"
"Islandception"
"Aurora Australis  seen from the International Space Station"
"My friend had a very productive day..."
"Saw this and was instantly intrigued. And hungry."
"Every new post  just for luck..."
"How to cheer up a friend that is feeling down"
"Scared of clowns?"
"Soul sucker"
"Turn toaster sideways  get grilled cheese"
"WWAAARRRRMMMMM......."
"Peacekeeper missile testing"
"Amarr Orbital Bombardment"
"Amarr Orbital Bombardment [Fixed]"
"Well  I guess that's true."
"Well  I suppose that's true."
"Nice legs!"
"I like buses."
"Naked chicken dancing"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"How I feel when I click on a link from /r/spacedicks"
"LABAS"
"Why this happens ?"
"CesC"
"Ice Ice baby."
"I can't justify how funny I find this photoshop. Holy fucking shit!!!!"
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours."
"This is blowing my mind"
"AAGGGGHHHHH !!"
"I can finally see her going counter-clockwise!"
"Lebowski"
"Jeff Bridges Dances--always makes me laugh [gif mash]"
"Party hard!"
"When people come to mcdonalds and ask for a whopper"
"Why Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull sucked."
"What is Rick Santorum so scared of?"
"I figured out how shit gets upvoted while I sleep"
"The Standard Creationist Explanation"
"I lost a sock today..."
"Just started Fallout 3 GOTY. mfw Not of This World quest."
"What I think when asked what I know about the history of 4th July as a British girl."
"When my mom asks me what me and my frients do until 3am every night"
"My friend and I recently played a round of Counter Strike with a holy man who goes by the name of NaZ. NaZ  if you're out there this one's for you buddy."
"When anything goes wrong in fleet..."
"My roommate's reaction to American Horror Story: Asylum"
"Watching two naked MEN isn't hot  but ..."
"how i feel about being in the hospital for a month and missing all of October"
"I asked my friend to get me excited about tonight's American Horror Story without spoiling it. This is what he sent me."
"Reddit lately."
"My new take on child abductions."
"It's not just metric. The most retarded thing about American units."
"Logging on and realizing I've wasted a year on reddit..."
"I'm normally not into couples matching jerseys. This is the only exception."
"Saved this from a forum around the time pci-e was just coming out"
"Awesome Dad left this note on my apartment door to make sure his son has the best halloween possible."
"Guitar thief"
"Well.I have my reasons."
"Faith in Humanity: Shattered"
"The real reason it's still a secret..."
"Why would some one ask this...."
"Huh...still got more votes than I would have thought..."
"This upsets me...."
"Well that's just mean"
"i think we all know the answer to this."
"The four elements."
"Having a bad day?"
"Trying to get my friends to smoke"
"Trying to get my wife to have morning sex."
"Whenever I'm trying to pass a bowl and the person doesn't turn to take it."
"Wouldn't you be freaked off if some guy or girl  who just hopped off the back of a cart  started changing races  genders and facial reconstruction right before your eyes?"
"Cap Lincoln"
"This bothers me and I don't even have O.C.D"
"YOU HAD ONE JOB."
"Stephen Colbert's secret talent"
"Sitting  how does it work? [gif]"
"How I feel trying to submit anywhere else.."
"lightning reflected in water"
"Purple skies and thunder  photo taken by NASA"
"Touching the surface"
"Beautiful Stormy Night Sight"
"The anti Facebook."
"If you can't beat them  join them."
"Just some WTF creatures of the deep"
"I know that feel  bro."
"insanity koala"
"This Koala is going to rip your face off."
"kill it with fire!"
"How to tri-force"
"priceless"
"When corgis collide"
"When corgis collide"
"when corgis collide."
"The best captcha comic I've ever seen."
"In case you haven't seen it  here's my favorite CAPTCHA comic"
"Snoop Dogg uses magic (comic)"
"Eyes see you."
"No words..."
"A fire &quot;tornado&quot; in Australia."
"Why I don't play games with Samuel L. Jackson"
"DOES HE?!"
"Say 'Guess Who?' again MOTHERFUCKER!"
"Marsellus Wallace?"
"He's a sneaky one"
"Friend's son at the pig farm - BRILLIANT!"
"The tech guys at work saved my docs after a hard drive crash. After I thought the 2 weeks of work since my last backup (I know  I know) was lost this is how I feel right now."
"how i feel when i finish my HW and blaze it fat..."
"How I feel on my Cakeday."
"Reddit...Why are you so angry?"
"When you have gum in class"
"Any right winged opinion on reddit"
"Tumblr in a nutshell.."
"After seeing all the recent elephant related posts....."
"Laughed for a solid 5 minutes at a [7]"
"My favorite meme  ever"
"When I lock my keys inside my car"
"When you open a bunch of tabs and accidentally close Reddit..."
"When the girl I like says she likes guys with Swag."
"When I realize I've made a spelling mistake in the title of my post"
"Brave. Then Gif."
"Found in circlejerk comments: The greatest karma whoring opprotunity."
"Who makes this shit?"
"I've found a wormhole."
"Only the most SFW disturbing thing I've seen on the internet this week"
"Two girls  one cup..of espresso. [NSFW]"
"This stage is rad."
"I guess they really do get 'busy' at Hogwarts..."
"Gamers can be sexy too"
"Just taking my kid out for a walk"
"What a fantastic parent!"
"Meanwhile in Belfast..."
"The knight can visit each square on a chess board exactly once."
"A knight can travel across every square on a chess board without overlapping (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"The knight can visit each square on the chess board exactly once (xpost /r/woahdude)"
"Not sure if this is a repost but still hilarious"
"Facebook  you never cease to amaze me"
"So I'm just scrolling through mu news feed  when suddenly;"
"Even Reddit thinks I'm a failure"
"Story of my life"
"Win/win?"
"Oh  Joseph..."
"Obama and Biden awkwardly embracing after election results"
"Caption this!"
"nowkiss.jpg"
"Can someone PLEASE do something with this??"
"gimmie a boost"
"sometimes you need a little help"
"The toilet experience after eating Panda Express (Fried Rice &amp; Two Orange chicken - all covered with Sriracha Sauce)"
"Nope. Nope! NOPE!"
"Googled &quot;Spiders&quot; and stumbled upon this. Nope!"
"NOPE!"
"OPERATION KINDER IS GO! DO YOUR PART!"
"Does anyone know what happened with &quot;Operation Kinder&quot;? I just checked the website  was it reset?"
"&quot;We left him there sobbing  soaked in piss  with our poz loads in his cunt.&quot;"
"The intention was to create original content for my cake day. I am not good with technology..."
"When my opinion gets upvoted to top comment and multiple people respond in agreement"
"How I feel as a skater getting back into it after 5 years"
"As a much older redditor on cakeday"
"How I feel as an &quot;older&quot; redditor trying to decipher obscure comment references..."
"When I go to parties and don't know anyone"
"Police Dog[fixed]"
"How to do an essay right!"
"one of my favourite photo bombs"
"What is said about practice"
"What are you struggling in?"
"Myth BUSTED! The Dynamic Duo in action."
"Busted."
"The rage car!"
"Best thing since bacon"
"Photobomb"
"Just a dancing midget..."
"How I feel downvoting a long post with no TLDR"
"My reaction today when I found out I passed all my exams"
"I'll take that trip to hell now  please."
"couldn't resist"
"This is the song I imagined"
"When I make it to the top of a small subreddit."
"Every Friday at 5 P.M."
"My first attempt at this"
"You know who fucks real good?"
"I thought we could give her a reddit makeover. I've done the base. Anyone want to add cats/bacon?"
"Dubstep Remix"
"My paraplegic friend who has 2 days to live likes to paint. What do you think of his latest work?"
"i think my girlfriend has talent but shes very shy about it. she drew this what does reddit think?"
"Know it all Redditor #1"
"Just realized Sheldon coopers tshirt"
"Better than the actual football game."
"Hey  come here!"
"Moving on up!"
"There's something awesome about this picture"
"EUROPE  EXQUISITE YEAH!"
"Seriously  WHAT IN THE FUCK."
"really weird shit i found on 4chan. can somebody please explain???? (NSFL)"
"when shaving goes wrong"
"resurrecting r/wtf"
"oh sophia!"
"Just Sofia Vergara Eating A Banana."
"The moment when the alarm wake you up in the morning"
"me during the Presidential debate...looking both ways"
"All Hail Hypno-Disco-Cat"
"we should be able to do this"
"don't be a rabbit abuser..."
"The hot new look"
"He did it!"
"HE DID IT!"
"He did it!"
"Well  I'll be damned."
"He did it guys. It's possible."
"He did it!"
"Friendzone level: Broken"
"He did it!"
"Overcoming the friend-zone"
"Friendzone level: -1?"
"Finally out of the friend zone!"
"Friend-zone victory. One small step for man... One giant leap for mankind!"
"HE DID IT!!!"
"Bush Baby"
"Just a simple waterfall"
"Plitvice Falls  Croatia"
"Touch me again  I dare you"
"A speeding bullet"
"Pyscho teenage mutant ninja turtle"
"WHOA"
"Elvis Bacon"
"Ninja Attack Squirrel"
"To any posts that actually made it to the front page after our commander and chief's AMA"
"Danny"
"Remembering the Good Old Days"
"When my boss tells me that I can leave work early [FIXED]"
"Coming through"
"Continues to be my favorite picture on the internet."
"Best fish photo on the internet."
"Made me chuckle [5]"
"Bwainz"
"Make Sure You Clean Up Your Bath Salts"
"Omnomnom"
"I dont even..."
"I'm glad I've never found one of these in a grocery store yet"
"What are you lookin' at?...Punk"
"I don't have a title for this one."
"A fish  inside a chicken  smoking a cigarette"
"what"
"Fish  inside a chicken  smoking a cigarette."
"Cousin Carl"
"Dr. Fishcken will fuck you up"
"So...wtf is this cat doing?"
"What would happen if I put glasses on?"
"Gets me every time."
"Take notes  Hollywood. This is how action movies are done."
"Your move  Hollywood!"
"What I thought of after watching the new Black Ops 2 trailer."
"A Truck? Not a Problem."
"Hi there......... - Imgur"
"Why so tired you silly sloth?"
"Weird?: &quot;They tell me there are people who are normal  but I don't know what they look like...&quot;"
"Whenever I feel weird"
"Google search turned &quot;cat&quot; into &quot;catfish&quot;  here's what popped up."
"Catfish"
"Am I the only one who thinks this is cute?"
"FUCK TORNADOES"
"FUCK TORNADOES"
"yeah 'merica!"
"Fuck Tornadoes."
"'merica"
"Happy July 4th everyone"
"A friend of mine swears that he is the reason we don't have tornadoes around our area."
"When fall come to Oklahoma"
"Homeland Security"
"i am kitten (x-post from r/aww)"
"Kttn"
"Grazing in the grass is a gas!"
"Little guy has some sweet moves (x-post from r/funny)"
"hey goat  imma boop your head!"
"When I try to dance cool around women  how I really look"
"now  with cats"
"Cats don't care"
"As a senior with no core requirements left."
"How I feel when my girlfriend wakes me up in the morning"
"When my girlfriend's not in the mood"
"Redditor posted this gif as &quot;when my wifes not in the mood&quot;"
"I'm sick of this life..."
"I love it when a plan comes together"
"When there's visitors round"
"When I find my family watching a movie downstairs without me"
"I totally heard this in Bowie's voice..."
"My Reaction When My Phone Contract Ends A Day Before The New iPhone Comes Out"
"What I think of Rihanna..."
"Meanwhile in England..."
"Just so you know I think........"
"Hey guys  during this holiday season  in which you may or may not be celebrating something  I just wanted to remind you all of one very important thing."
"Friendly Reminder from Carl Sagan"
"Prolly a repost without the You're Awesome  still one of my favs though"
"How i feel after finding out my crush is an atheist"
"Carl Sagan: You're Awesome"
"How to solve a Rubic cube  the geek way"
"Just a friendly reminder that..."
"Just a reminder that... [Fixed]"
"Every time I submit a post that gets down voted to shit"
"After fapping to something questionable..."
"Right after I submit a post with a typo"
"Just realized I have to get up everyday at 4AM for my new job."
"My feelings after officially signing up for Reddit"
"Ginger jokes are kind of funny."
"A Flantastic God"
"God's got a what for me?"
"Ridiculously Phonogenic Guy"
"Hampster Bates"
"bale bumpin"
"Bale's Hip to be Square"
"Check out my new speakers!"
"Upvoteshot"
"Karma whore?"
"How I feel trying to have fun since breaking up with my girlfriend."
"How a Canadian confronted with Bill C-11 feels after seeing all these reddit victory posts over European ACTA and America's SOPA."
"68 Gif salute to one year."
"Can't Stop Watching..."
"Tim Tebow's email account has been hacked. (Credit to Grantland)"
"Tim Tebow's email"
"Tebow's email hacked"
"Most amazing water slide I have ever seen"
"I've been studying wrong my whole life"
"Studying Incentive"
"Ninja detected...."
"Every time I see something cool on reddit and try to do it myself"
"Anything you can do  I can do better!"
"Shoddy Workmanship [gif]"
"The ideal train station....."
"Owww It sounds tempting...."
"I bet this train stop is quite popular with the local gentlemen."
"Keep back from the platform edge or...what!?! 0.0"
"Everytime"
"How I met your mother..."
"Fitted oddly enough"
"My Hero!"
"Cat with a great view"
"I wonder how many lives it's got left?"
"On losing a job..."
"Ignorance isn't bliss?"
"CHECKMATE"
"If a group of crows is called &quot;a murder&quot;..."
"when I see a person say their priest healed them"
"I've been thinking about this lately."
"I'm sure that this has been touched upon  but I still hate it."
"I just realized this..."
"Philocoraptor talks about taxes."
"Dad...Mom..."
"I can't stop laughing when I watch this gif"
"I found out that food solves any dispute"
"How I feel after switching from boxers to boxerbriefs"
"Whenever I see a free sample at the supermarket"
"Immaaa gettt youuu"
"Big bootie bitches dance"
"Not again."
"I hate it when this happens....."
"Otter."
"why so serious?"
"Play-Doh &amp; Terrier Mix"
"What's a picture you can look at and always smile? Here's one:"
"Space Invaders"
"First time on Chatroulette."
"Epic Save"
"What I want to do when i realize i lost an argument on the internet..."
"I made another map. This time it's of the world  and I hope it is offensive to every single one of you."
"Map designed to be offensive to everyone on the planet"
"I guess I live in the &quot;Freaks&quot; region."
"Lost our best friend this morning to a stroke/paralysis"
"How I feel about the Train Simulator. Or the Steam sale in general"
"Another person found their old SNES?"
"We sure love our sugar"
"That's a lot of freakin sugar!"
"Rethink your drink."
"Wehk"
"Duck."
"Bachelor Frog's Sweaty Balls"
"Works every time. Like a fire hose."
"Roommate leaves for the weekend"
"I'm married and I still do this."
"So easy  even a cave girl can do it"
"i hope she doesnt get a splinter"
"She is Just Asking for Splinters"
"I was watching soccer  then this happened."
"When I was little and someone told me I couldn't eat something cause it was too sour"
"How I feel when somebody makes a point in an argument that I hadn't considered."
"got a look on muh face like i smell some piss"
"pb&amp;j time"
"Wise words from Tyler  The Creator"
"Life is a lot like this sometimes"
"The downside to having a glass coffee table"
"After I found out a Texas woman started eating her 3 week old baby"
"gets me everytime"
"When someone doesn't start their link title with &quot;When&quot; in analogygifs"
"Is a penis bothering your mind?"
"Fuck This Guy"
"Yup."
"He's just saying what everyone else is thinking"
"How I feel about George Lucas' upcoming Star Wars changes"
"How I feel when a friend makes the front page"
"Don't mess with him."
"Don't fuck with Chuck Norris"
"Whenever I try to post a witty comment."
"You threw that at the wrong guy."
"When i upvote a negtaive post"
"50 Years In Space"
"C'mon. Gotta tell everyone."
"How to Beat Tetris"
"Beating tetris"
"If this doesn't belong here I do not know where it does!!!!"
"So THAT'S where babies come from!"
"This is one unfortunately realistic painting."
"This is it. The Internet serves no purpose anymore. I'm out"
"I am unconvinced."
"I give you the most American/Canadian/Australian picture ever..."
"Reddit and school lunches."
"ALL views on the royal baby"
"How I feel about Justin Bieber smoking weed"
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD"
"Enough of Obama and Romney."
"A rapist search has insued.... Wait......"
"Rapist news reader"
"They told me I can be whatever I wanted."
"I heard Reddit liked cats . . . Don't lie  all Redditors would wear this if it was socially acceptable."
"What to get a redditor for Christmas"
"Keeping warm Reddit style"
"I think she likes cats... A lot!"
"Showed up on my fb feed  i heard you like cats."
"Okay  which one of you is this?"
"Karma whore"
"Sarah Jessica Parker Photobomb"
"How I feel watching my cake day post get zero upvotes..."
"Sorry my lefty is not very strong."
"Mmmh  Food..."
"That look..."
"One of the saddest pokemon comics I've seen"
"saddest picture on the internet [fixed]"
"I couldn't resist. I had to make this."
"I can't wait till this girl is old enough to do an AMA."
"Ready or not..."
"Cyber bullying."
"Kung Fu Kitty"
"ninja kitty!"
"Kung-fu Kitty"
"Kung-fu Kitty"
"Found this on my brother's iPod. He has a point."
"The Cure To Cancer Is..."
"Cute costume!"
"Well I know what I'm being for Halloween...."
"This Man ATE A Baby?! Wait.. WOAH WTF"
"To me  this is CLASSIC WTF  because you click on the link and the first and only response that comes to mind is . . ."
"realistic tattoo"
"Holy song number B-man!"
"I need a hero!"
"I don't know what it is about this photo  but I stared at it for 5 minutes when I first saw it."
"I leff ragemaker open when my girlfriend was using my laptop and this is what i came back to"
"Rainbrofist"
"Fly Rage!"
"Don't fuck with the food servers..Xpost from /r/pics"
"I need this in my life."
"the greatest hotel room ever."
"Otter  NO! You said you were just good friends!"
"The only argument ever needed."
"Guilty dog"
"A job is a job"
"My reaction last night when my program director told me I had aced my graduate capstone project....."
"mfw my boss accidentally calls a phone sex operator on speakerphone in an important meeting"
"When something on /r/WTF is actually WTF we should all feel like this."
"Where is this from?"
"My local boardwalk and amusement park after Sandy"
"Amazing aerial Shot of the funtown pier  collapsed by the hurricane."
"Classy Cat"
"I see your cat with glasses and raise you this fine feline"
"Not photoshopped. A long-expose photo taken on the Australian coast."
"A long-expose photo taken on the Australian coast under the stars"
"Coffee  extra Psy"
"Gangnam morning"
"Emotional Scars"
"Painful? Nah bro it's cool."
"Party on isle 15."
"A sadist's favorite aisle."
"So this popped up on my facebook today:repost"
"Sorry Bin Laden."
"I thought you guys might enjoy this."
"The week before my period..."
"Browsing r/funny-New"
"What Reddit does every time I post something"
"When I found out I could downvote by pressing the 'Z' button"
"Ghost ants take on the color of anything they eat."
"Translucent ants drinking colored water."
"Cats are always getting all the love. Let's make some room in our hearts for the little guys."
"It may be my first year cake day here but...am I doing this right?"
"Best Picture from Libya Award goes to..."
"And not a single fuck was given that day."
"Bodybuilder (NSFW)"
"Smile from Heaven"
"Fwd: FW: A One in a Million Photo!"
"Girl  you looks good why don't you..."
"FALSE; GRRRNNNGGRNGNRFFFARNGGGG"
"10232321xError"
"102372321xError"
"We are Gods"
"Up up and away"
"In T-5...4...3..."
"I like making wallpapers for you guys. [Original Content]"
"Liftoff"
"Magnificent!"
"Space Shuttle Launch [2560x1600]"
"Been out of college for a few years. Going back this semester to start my master's. This is how I feel."
"When I walked into my college's library for the first time."
"Saving bad luck Bryan."
"Someone has to save the poor guy."
"Racoon don't give a fuck bout kitty claws"
"Anyone with a fear of multiple sets of teeth  look away..."
"Dem teeth (hyperdontia)"
"It's my cakeday  so I thought I'd dump my favorite gifs!"
"Wanna party?"
"SLURP"
"NOMNOMNOM"
"I am both entranced and repulsed."
"So fucking rad."
"It's fuckin' rad!!"
"Batman"
"When ever I go on to 4chan"
"Hey r/atheism"
"Here's the voice of a black woman in your head"
"Post this to /R/ATHEISM/?"
"What your foreskin looks like after a year of not washing it NSFL"
"Picture of a donkey fucking a midget."
"After deciding to read the comments in r/Gonewild"
"Teenage girl in bikini eating vomit &amp; feces after a dog was brutally tortured with a chainsaw"
"Hairy naked midgets making a human pyramid as the one on top fucks a clown... NSFL"
"A 13 year-old girl's vagina after losing her virginity"
"To everyone whom browses /r/spacedicks"
"First time r/spacedicks visit...."
"Well  you do..."
"Album of a dog being raped by a horse [NSFW]"
"Album of a dog being raped by a horse [NSFW]"
"A photo of my mother having sex."
"My response to all these comics"
"Hey r/atheism"
"Thats a Pretty Smart Spider"
"My friend says the Fennac Fox is adorable... I'm undecided."
"Oh  how times have changed."
"Philosophy throughout the ages."
"When somebody tries to talk to me in the morning"
"So this has been going on for quite a while..."
"I may have left it running for a bit."
"I started a stopwatch on my phone and forgot about it until now"
"Bingo"
"People booing at the 4th of July parade today."
"Happy Fourth of July motherfuckers!"
"I think the elevator is trying to tell me something...."
"Posted in my dorm elevator. Good thing I'm on the fifth floor so I don't feel like shit when I take the elevator."
"Snail have you been drinking? You know better than to drink and slime!"
"Not again snail"
"Drunk snail"
"Long exposure of fireflies just before dark"
"hep hep horay"
"Walt &amp; Jesse [1920x1080] [x-post from r/wallpapers]"
"Awesome Breaking Bad wallpaper [x-post r/breakingbad]"
"Why would anyone do this..."
"Can someone tell me what the hell is going on here?"
"Jumbo sized swag."
"Republican Party reaches out to poor and minority voters"
"This is so sad.."
"This image is part of an advertisement for a local art exhibit and it is plastered all over town"
"Searched &quot;Bizarre&quot; on Google...was not disappointed."
"Me  while at work  watching 9/11 tribute videos..."
"Facebook Official"
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks."
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks"
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks  thought this might make a few others smile- xpost from r/funny"
"We are all doomed"
"We're all going to hell."
"The Real Secret Test"
"We don't take kindly to no Pepsi"
"You walked into the wrong neighborhood."
"How I feel when I make a wrong turn in downtown."
"Good luck"
"I was browsing the Internet for safety tips and this came up..."
"Story of my life"
"Wat (from /r/funny)"
"For my cakeday  I present  my favorite image of the internet"
"Reason to live"
"My reaction to &quot;Magic Mike&quot;"
"Like I give a fuck"
"This sums up my emotions after deleting my Facebook"
"This game frustrated me a lot when I was a kid. Bouncing around was fun though."
"Don't Judge me for liking this game."
"Jesus (x-post from /r/Funny"
"How my Penis reacts to my horny girlfriend after ive drank to much......"
"Best Halloween Costume EVER"
"How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb?"
"D-bag Cop!"
"LOL Racist But True XD"
"The Charleston"
"Cha cha real smoothe"
"Found this on r/gifsound"
"Let's get ready to rumble!"
"My friend The Doctor"
"Bibles For Haiti"
"24 hours worth of day and night snaps merged into one panoramic frame."
"Sorry"
"Sorry"
"Proof that God exists!"
"4chan on the existence of God."
"I've never seen a bunny so content"
"Meet Julian. Sister picked him up yesterday!"
"Oh god."
"Periodic Table"
"&quot;ARE THERE NUTS IN THIS?&quot;"
"If you insist spongebob.. "
"Oh Facebook!"
"What should we do if he tries to run?"
"Garf-eel."
"Pumpkin birth"
"Nothing like the pain of childbirth…"
"A tatoo you wont regret"
"Just got out the shower"
"Because fuck you  that's why"
"Ever been so mad?"
"Only ONCE have I been this pissed off."
"Have you ever been so pissed off that you started swinging a cactus?"
"What every woman needs"
"I like where fashion is headed"
"Sometimes I wish I was a girl so I could wear stuff like this."
"I'd be tempted to wear these. Maybe. ."
"Whenever I hear news from Florida this is what I think of"
"With all the &quot;zombie news&quot; in Florida  I believe this is the right choice of action"
"Please let it be true"
"So Puerto Rico will be having a (non-binding) vote on statehood this November  and I have a plan so we won't have to change our flags if they vote yes."
"This gif is relevant to my feelings FAR too often"
"How America feels about Florida right now."
"Sleeping Baby Koala"
"00Feline"
"no title needed."
"The perfect girlfriend"
"That's a good one!"
"Blubber and cuteness"
"Was at the club when zombies attacked!!!!!"
"partying hard"
"Reminds me of drunken girls trying to pose for a picture...[FIXED]"
"lindsay lohan gives the ultimate duckface: moving gif"
"I heard Lindsey let herself go  but this is just ridiculous"
"&quot;what&quot;"
"What."
"Time for the annual weigh-in!"
"A thoroughly compliant meerkat being weighed at London Zoo"
"Grass Clothespin"
"Slappin da bass"
"I have the desire to do this all the time  just not the balls"
"peacefully fliping everyone off."
"How I feel after one whole year of not getting to the front page... What better way than with a repost"
"It's very rare to find a gif that exactly expresses the way you feel."
"Priceless."
"The Fox News reaction the moment Obama's win was announced."
"I watch Fox News for these moments."
"Spot the 4chan user."
"THIS is my favorite .gif of all times."
"The average 4chan user"
"Sums up 4chan in one gif"
"My family and I just watched Bill Maher's documentary &quot;Religulous&quot;"
"When my coworkers and I found out Jersey Shore is getting cancled"
"On reddit in class. Proceed to watch the person on my left  and then right  visit reddit and create accounts."
"Oh that's just disgusting"
"It's Dangerous Out There! Take One of These..."
"Wait!"
"WAIT! its dangerous out there"
"It's dangerous out there"
"Wait  it's dangerous out there!"
"Success!"
"Kids these days"
"What the fuck do i make the title for this shit"
"Mind Blown in Lion King! Actually."
"Two words. Bacon Fries"
"chair prank"
"found this pic. don't know what to say... shark /human hybrid?"
"Does she chew 2 gums at the same time?"
"not feeling so funny today so I'll try a..."
"I don't always repost..."
"Keg Stands are Next  Grandma."
"Left Nan at home with the kids.. what the worst that could happen?"
"Wood Pile Art"
"Wood pile art (x-post from r/pics)"
"Meanwhile in India"
"Look Into My Eyes"
"Coincidence? I think not."
"It's a conspiracy  I'm telling you."
"Barack o Batman"
"The Dark Night"
"Kony: The face of Evil"
"When someone says he doesn't like things that are popular"
"When I heard the British police don't have guns"
"TIL you don't give blowjobs with your mouth  you give them with your heart..."
"When i beat a water level on any game."
"I shall rule the world with an iron paw"
"Forever Alone: level 60"
"Forever Alone"
"Newcastle Brown's Response to the Stella Adverts. 'No Bollocks'"
"Who uses the word &quot;chalice&quot;?"
"How I imagine the guy at the back of the bus drumming on the seat to his music feels"
"How I feel when I lob a sick burn across several cubes at the office..."
"What people do when they see boobies . . ."
"Goin through the Cow Wash"
"Dog  get off that lake!"
"Heckler Loop"
"Saw this on my FB feed...sometimes I love my country!"
"How I feel because my cake day is on the fourth of july"
"Googled &quot;so American it hurts&quot; was not dissapointed"
"Typed in most American picture ever! Still needs an obese person and McDonald's in it!"
"lats play !!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"We kill the batman"
"Apologies if this is a re-post  but BATCAT is a boss..."
"I hear you guys like cat gifs... so here's a few."
"Nice catch  kitty!"
"................ Yes"
"When I'm on the phone with my ex"
"How I feel as an IT person when taking a help desk call from someone asking a long  stupid  drawn out question."
"What PETA really should be advertising..."
"Oink hi! I am five... Days."
"Baby Pig"
"I heard Reddit loves bacon and baby animals."
"I heard Reddit loves bacon and baby animals."
"who said pigs aren't cute"
"I feel envious of the houseowner"
"My dream home  located in Hejelle  Norway."
"In Norway"
"Who I wish did the commentary for the Olympics"
"Obama broke reddit [fixed]"
"Best steak I've ever had  warm and moist. (Wait for it)"
"Japanese Spider Crab"
"Forget the Coconut crab  meet the Japanese spider crab. It's leg span can exceed 10 feet  larger than any other arthropod  and have been known to live up to 100 years."
"People really are that ignorant."
"Gentleman rides a Segway"
"Hey asshole  you forgot something"
"My recation to the new Snow White and the Huntsman"
"My favorite gif of all time."
"Dear Acne"
"After 1 year on Reddit  how I feel after any downvote"
"My response to when my submissions are down voted"
"How I feel when my post gets views without upvotes."
"Aloha! I'm from the Internet!"
"Reddit...how it began"
"Cute owl"
"Reddit  I heard you like owls."
"want"
"getting ready for winter"
"This isnt a car....."
"I found this insanely cute"
"The last thing Osama Bin Laden saw"
"'Murica[fixed]"
"Knock Knock. Who's there? Bird."
"Tiny turtle eating a strawberry"
"Too cute for words..."
"I GOT THIS"
"Food as big as I am? Eat anyways!"
"I can has strawberry?"
"Birthday Skeleton [Not my content but I found it really funny  does anyone have any material similar?]"
"He'll get it next time."
"Whenever I Try to Dance"
"How I feel when I think I have a good post and it gets downvoted..."
"How I feel when I think I have a good post and it gets downvoted..."
"When i try to dance"
"Ballroom dancing at the 30+ bar I work at... after happy hour"
"And a one  and a two..."
"NUH UH"
"Nope"
"It comes in 1?!"
"My friend's dog has a pretty scary Halloween costume"
"My friends dog has a pretty scary Halloween costume"
"The Best Dog Costume I Have Ever Seen"
"My buddies mom made his dog a Halloween costume."
"Nope!"
"I'd better not see this in real life."
"Imagine this trying to lick your face."
"Not all pet costumes are adorable..."
"A costume idea my mother spun up for my puppy!"
"Sir Pugsley the 3rd is not pleased with your lack of class"
"I fucking love cocaine"
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE"
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE!"
"A play on words."
"We will still never know"
"The Chicken or The Egg?"
"Which came first?"
"Customer Request"
"What the customer wanted"
"I just bought my first commissioned painting. [pic]"
"don't look up.. don't look up... *looks up*"
"My other car is a...."
"I love 4chan gifs"
"Forever Alone: Level 85"
"Where can i get one?"
"Best parent-child costume ever."
"By far  the most epic costume of Halloween! Daddy of the year right there."
"Get Away From Her You Bitch"
"This is the best Halloween costume I've seen so far. Wow."
"I'll just go ahead and end all these costume picture posts by adding one that will never be topped."
"Kevin Smith just posted this. Nothing can top this costume."
"Get away from her  you bitch!"
"Get Away From Her  You Bitch!"
"GET AWAY FROM HER  YOU BITCH!!!"
"I didn't take this  but probably the most genius costume ever"
"A costume I thought reddit would enjoy"
"Alien killing robot baby costume is the best costume"
"came up on my fb feed - top notch halloween costume"
"Worst tattoo of the year?"
"People are really getting into Gangnam style... i don't even..."
"Bed and Breakfast"
"Me when Hearthfire is announced and I STILL don't have Dawnguard on PS3"
"This is how I feel when both of my legs fall asleep"
"Parenting Level: WTF"
"Pitching a tent is no longer metaphorical [NSFW]"
"The public masturbator"
"it ain't gonna suck itself"
"Right in the childhood."
"Well... C'mon"
"b-bbut..."
"Play with me?"
"How I feel when my post gets more down votes than up votes"
"I'd do the exact same thing  and regret nothing."
"Just when I was getting tired of the steam sale wallet jokes"
"The Steam Summer Sale in a nutshell."
"Steam Summer Sale in a nutshell."
"Mind=Blown"
"Krispy Kreme's new doughnut unveiled...wait what!?!"
"Cat on a tree."
"Cat on a tree"
"Mountain lion in a tree."
"No  I don't want to go to work."
"How I feel after finishing my last final"
"I got nothing.."
"MRW I'm in a suit and a cute girl calls me a stud."
"My exact feelings for reddit."
"My girlfriend keeps getting sexier and my ex got obese."
"My family recently took in a girl who was evicted and had nowhere to live. This is how I felt when she told me she's an Ent  too."
"Just earned one cent on Youtube. This is how I feel."
"How it feels to find out you have more karma than your friends."
"What the-? I mean  how is this possible?"
"I made you a toast.."
"I made you toast..."
"Star Wars LOL"
"If you park like this  I will walk away in utter confusion"
"Squid  you are drunk"
"Well that was a mistake"
"&quot;eh&quot; timing"
"A walk through the forest"
"Hidden in the A-hole"
"There is an i in team"
"Who says there's no &quot;I&quot; in TEAM?"
"Found the &quot;I&quot; in team"
"TWERK"
"When I tell everyone at work I'm bringing in donuts."
"I'm in tears"
"Hump Day Wednesday"
"How I imagine /r/Politics right now"
"H.A.M"
"Good juxtaposition"
"Original evidence photobomb"
"The ORIGINAL photo-bomber."
"Happy Cakeday to me!"
"Hello my baby!"
"Mudkip and Mario combine rather nicely into one somewhat amusing singular thing"
"Second thing that came to mind after i saw my first idea for this gif"
"Saw the Mudkip gifsound  and I was confused why this was not the song"
"America [NSFW]"
"Baker Cat Quest"
"My first attempt at colorizing a black and white photo. Be gentle."
"White people...(mainly the three in the front row)"
"I am sorry  this gif has already been used. But this combination made me laugh..."
"Browsing /r/new and finding gold."
"Down Boy!!"
"I miss my pet rock"
"This is why I prefer the squeeze bottle..."
"You have to remember this happening to you at one point or another..."
"everytime"
"This exact situation happens to me at least once a week."
"Every time I cum."
"happens every fucking time"
"Ketchup."
"March 1  2012 at 12:00:05 AM"
"Whenever I try to fix a mistake when I'm drawing."
"Fapping after a week off (sfw)"
"When the sauce won't come out..."
"Damn Ketchup Bottles.."
"Stupid ketchup bottles"
"As an ex-muslim.."
"So that's why I don't have any swag!"
"The one time I agree with Facebook"
"Found this on Facebook  Thought it was worth a chuckle."
"Morocco Road"
"Inflatable Toast Mattress- the description makes this find even funnier!"
"He has died exactly 20 years ago. R.I.P.  Freddie!"
"Dog sled"
"Wait Up!"
"When friends try to catch up to my level."
"You have the enemy flag!"
"I think this belongs here."
"Good guy  douche bag and the unlucky"
"Poor Brian"
"Good Guy Greg  Scumbag Steve  and Bad Luck Brian go to a Halloween party...."
"All over the text books!"
"I need more of these clones"
"He got hit in the head with a what?!"
"If there is hell..."
"Cat licking a snow cone"
"I don't think I want a hamster anymore."
"Eye Of The Hamster"
"One of my friends spelled sarcasm wrong and I instantly remembered this."
"Pretty sure my cat was thinking this before he ruined my new rug."
"Adolf Kitler"
"It's a Duck"
"Science vs Religion - Faith explained"
"Meanwhile  at Rand McNally..."
"One of the best face swaps I have seen. I can't even tell what the original photo is supposed to look like..."
"one of my favorite pictures on the internet"
"Searched &quot;how to make the front page&quot;  struck gold"
"Libertarian Presidential Candidate: Gary Johnson crowd surfing [X-posts from /r/libertarian]"
"Gary Johnson crowd surfing"
"Gary Johnson crowd surfing"
"Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson crowd surfing"
"Bowling."
"And now  a dramatic recreation of the interview process for a promotion at work"
"I've never liked the word moist  this is a strong argument as to why."
"I googled &quot;moist&quot; and got this. Anyone wanna tell me who she is?"
"I'll see your fingering and penis shoe sculptures  and raise you a vagina bike. [NSFW]"
"Waking up to find out it's my cakeday"
"When I find the perfect gif for my post."
"Oppa Gangnam Plug"
"gundam style outlet"
"How I feel after reading all the information about the Higgs boson..."
"Me whenever I get a -1."
"Ninja Cat"
"If microsoft really wants all my money  they need to make this online."
"My life in a nutshell."
"From the creators of QWOP comes... QWOP-A-BALL!"
"What it's like trying to get karma without tits (sfw)"
"Me trying to ask a girl out on a date"
"Aaaaaaaaaand.....fuck"
"300m high Fire Tornado bursts out of fire in Queensland  Australia"
"If the spiders don't get you in Australia... the fire tornado will!"
"Platypus in a hurry."
"Swag"
"I just ran"
"The #1 Threat to America"
"Gay Mexican Muslims Bears..."
"Gay Mexican Muslim Bears [xpost from /r/wtf]"
"The most poignant moment from the Simpsons."
"Nope.gif"
"When you see it."
"How did I not think of this sooner?"
"The solution to all your problems"
"At an [8]"
"I almost went on 9gag today"
"How I feel after being on /r/spacedicks for half an hour"
"What i'm like after watching porn."
"Alone"
"Alone in the dark"
"Oh you ran a marathon?"
"Oh you ran a marathon?"
"The real marathon champion"
"So you ran a marathon...?"
"I see your dreaded/ hated character  and Raise you THIS dreaded/hated/scary/frustrating/cynical mastermind."
"I got stupidly excited when i saw this pop up on the iOS store!"
"After watching the first 45 minutes of the debate  I only wish I could vote for this man."
"This is awesome! Hats off to whoever drew this."
"Don't care what you say. This is what I see."
"I dont have a few minutes! ITS THE FUCKING PRESIDENT!"
"Wow  I have a great view of the President's AMA!"
"Barack Obama does AMA for 30mins  Reddit Crashes and no one can ask questions!"
"Go to ask the President a question ANNNDDD...damn Reddit"
"Good Going  Obama. You're AMA did this!"
"too many people on reddit.."
"I blame The President..."
"I uhh....I guess I'll uhh..just outside or something.."
"Obama broke the internet"
"best part of the Obama AMA"
"Obama Visits Reddit..."
"Reddit these hours."
"Way to go Obama  you broke Reddit!"
"My experience during President Obama's AMA"
"My impression of the Obama AMA so far"
"Ladies and Gentlemen! I give you the summary of the Obama AMA!"
"wanted to post this earlier  but...."
"My favorite part from Obama's AMA"
"Has anyone else noticed the F5 on the hammer?"
"Barack Obama does AMA"
"Obama AMA"
"Can't Wait to Read the President's AMA!"
"What the President saw all day..."
"How I experienced the Obama AMA"
"I really enjoyed Obama's AMA today!"
"All i got to see during the Obama AMA"
"Sums up the Obama AMA"
"This how I'm viewing the Obama AMA..."
"President does AMA..."
"I think we broke it..."
"The worst part of my day"
"Don't you hate when this happens"
"I got so much work done"
"My favorite part of the Obama AMA"
"I Got Your Nose!"
"This Is Your Captain Speaking"
"I can't explain why this makes me laugh so hard"
"How I feel about my boyfriend and I breaking up..."
"This works too well for me not to share this."
"Vegas Slots vs. Electronic Voting Machines"
"Greatest album cover ever"
"Life's a beach and then your pants fall down"
"I knew I was a gonner when the Octopus' tentacles encirled me in its voracious grip. . ."
"So tiny... WTF"
"cute baby octopus is cute"
"Baby Octopus"
"A comic to give you something to think about."
"Get your slammers out  it's pog time."
"Ask a swedish 6yo why we celebrate easter"
"Keepin' it real [Comic]"
"Keep it real"
"9/11 never forget"
"Nice shir...wait...what?!"
"9/11 turned into fashion accessory...wow"
"Shirt's fine  just don't call the prophet a name"
"Shirt's fine  just don't call the prophet a name"
"Well played  psych exam..."
"Well played  psych exam..."
"Well played  psych exam..."
"Well played psych exam..."
"Well played psych exam..."
"Well played  psych exam..."
"Gayness and satanism killed off the dinosaurs! (x-post from wtf)"
"Dinosaurs are gay  which is why they're extinct... wat?"
"This would be amusing if I didnt know that there are people that think this is the truth."
"The real reason the dinosaurs went extinct..."
"Did homosexuality kill off the dinosaurs? -or-Megasoreass Rex"
"In other news..."
"Bikini Shaving related traffic offender!!"
"My reaction to most 'Came home to this'...'Found in a dumpster' related pet stories."
"Bullshit."
"What I think of all these &quot;look what I just found randomly&quot; &quot;look who I bumped into randomly&quot; &quot;Look what I randomly saw&quot;"
"My reaction to all those Good Girl Gina AdviceAnimals"
"Watching the 2012 RNC Convention"
"What my cat does at night"
"Don't worry it's just a flying car"
"The definition of not giving a fuck"
"Watching someones post getting downvoted to oblivion"
"When I see a political or religious argument on Reddit"
"How I feel watching stupid comments get downvoted."
"MRW  back in march  I learned I had cancer (finaly found one worth posting)"
"Nobody knows"
"The never-ending struggle"
"Only if dogs knew how to read.."
"Everybody needs a little help once in a while"
"Brian investigates ways to improve his love life."
"Searched awesome dogs  was not disappointed."
"Hey you  ya you.. come over here  I wanna show you something.."
"Interspecies Love"
"how i feel when someone dumb drags me into an argument"
"Dog wants some private timez"
"Ok pal you're coming with me."
"Rachael Ray finds inspiration..."
"What is love boat crash"
"Sea Cruise Gone Bad"
"Arms spread wide on the starboard bow!"
"Well where else could he keep it?"
"Harsh Reality"
"Unicorns"
"I'm a unicorn!"
"Can't decide between sleeping longer or finding time to eat before class? This guy found the solution."
"So I just saw this guy pop up on my newsfeed..."
"So I just saw this guy pop up on my newsfeed..."
"Why? Seriously why the fuck would you do this?"
"It's always 'otter under the water  just wait and see... (NSFW) WTF"
"My ex wants to do this. Glad she's my ex."
"i'm not really sure"
"Hey baby  give me a kiss!"
"please tell me this is photoshopped..."
"with the language through lip"
"How do they drink anything?"
"Definitely Worth 35 cents"
"The headquarters of Benito Mussolini and the Italian Fascist party in Italy  1934."
"How can he ?"
"I have a thirsty kitty!"
"True Sacrifice"
"What's the worst gift you've ever received?"
"What's the worst gift you've ever recieved?"
"&quot;What's the worst gift you've ever received?&quot;"
"Seems like a fun guy"
"The worst gift ever recieved..."
"Purge always looks so happy"
"Ah  the inner thoughts of a future scientist."
"If you aren't a slacker  you have a psychological disorder?"
"Students are..."
"Lesbian friend just posted this on facebook"
"I'm surprised this one isn't on the front page yet"
"YOLO"
"What it SHOULD be"
"Mario is an asshole"
"Meanwhile  in Malta..."
"Six Million Dollar Cat"
"Go go gadget kitty!"
"Swipe!"
"Best gif ever."
"What cats dream of"
"Cat leap"
"Kitten 300"
"Action Movie Kitty"
"Kitty Got Air!"
"KUHMAWN EHN NYAN"
"I think you better get it washed."
"A redditor just knocked on my door  upon opening..."
"Even our best friends have heros"
"A true gentleman."
"Every time I'm playing the original Donkey Kong."
"Shakespeare and Co. bookstore in Paris"
"Can't argue with that.."
"This guy."
"This guy."
"for some reason this is what i heard when i saw this gif"
"How I eat my ramen."
"When you can't be fucked to wait for the noodles to cook"
"The Plunge"
"The emptiness... [pic]"
"Oceans are scary."
"How they &quot;win&quot; the debate..."
"Been saving this one for my Reddit birthday."
"Alone in the dark"
"THE BUS WILL BE ON TIME"
"I'm a bus"
"SUCK MY DICK I'M A BUS"
"I'm a Bus"
"Buses don't give no fucks."
"Im a Bus!!"
"Used my EZPass for the first time today  this is how I felt!"
"As a tank. Last man standing. How I act when I'm running from the enemy team back to my base."
"I'm a bus bitch"
"I can't get over how much I love this gif"
"wat"
"This is the letter O oooOhhmyyyGod!!!"
"The most wtf of all wtf gifs?"
"LSD."
"Not sure whats happening..."
"Yay doughnuts!!!"
"YAY DOUGHNUTS!"
"What? I don't even..."
"Not sure if I should hug it or kill it with fire"
"Monkey  I think."
"Whenever we have a substitute for class.."
"Did you do this in classroom?"
"Playing all day really takes it out of you"
"Thug-Life"
"Two reasons to imagine."
"Imagine"
"My friend has a whole pack of Samoyeds  and she dressed them up for Halloween"
"This is why Photoshop was made."
"Heeeeey sexy farmers!"
"OPPA GANGLAMB STYLE"
"After venturing into r/spacedicks."
"Best idea ever"
"We need to do this."
"Haters gonna hate."
"What I learned how to do in PSYchology..."
"Let the fans hate flow through"
"Cotton Eye Joe. Gangnam style..."
"No caption needed"
"That's one hot ass...air balloon."
"Personally  I prefer Jolteon."
"It happens"
"Emoticon factory"
"This will make you smile"
"Knock knock"
"Nice work ABC..."
"Never give up kitty."
"Struggling to reach the front page"
"French Fry?"
"Math Blaster: the bane of my childhood existence."
"Hold up - that bitch got sprinkles??"
"The mind is capable of some remarkable feats. Can you guys can write your comments using this same format?"
"Are you one of the chosen ones?"
"can you read this?"
"bathroom prank"
"Standing up to fast after laying down"
"Baby otters"
"In space no one can hear you scream."
"I cringe at the thought."
"This would suck more than anything."
"Oh  the agony!"
"Neil Armstrong on the moon!"
"A little late but still incredibly beautiful (Neil Armstrong)"
"Jesus saves!"
"r/funny didn't enjoy this... (Jesus saves!)"
"trannies dancing in the streets = ?"
"I was ill-prepared for my cake day today. Therefore..."
"I got my ears syringed today  this is how I feel.."
"Photographing Something You Want To Show Everyone"
"What I think when I see all of the college kids &quot;finals&quot; posts [fixed]"
"Female  Male  trans and fucking robots won't appreciate  but as a normal person I have the brain to post this."
"Saw this gang causing havoc on the streets"
"My friend took a picture of this awesome Halloween group riding around campus  balloons and all (x-post w/r/aggies)"
"Halloween in College Station"
"Halloween in College Station"
"Found these guys at a red light. Made my day."
"Found these guys at a red light. Made my Day."
"Every damn time."
"Every damn time!"
"If there was such a thing as anti-karma  this would make a whole lot of it"
"If this ever happens... Kill me."
"Dictator Mario"
"Soviet Mushroom Kingdom"
"I wish I could dance as well as him"
"Conga"
"Chic-chic-e-boom"
"Living in the sunlight!"
"Dogs.... How do they work?"
"Classiest photo of all time."
"Pedobear hunting in his natural environment"
"They are merciless. They will hunt you down"
"The 9gag army  we'd better be scared"
"MRW I realized today is my cake day."
"Internet Party!"
"CURSOR DISCO!!!1"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haterz gonna hate"
"It's true  they will"
"How I feel when I get one downvote after getting dozens of upvotes."
"Whenever I earnestly post a question and all I get is sarcastic/sexual comments."
"I will find you"
"the blue shell."
"This picture brings me so much joy"
"50 year old Motala and her prosthetic leg"
"Motala the Elephant getting into the prosthetic she now wears having lost her leg to a land mine in 1999"
"What I do when my post gets more down votes than up votes"
"Tunnel of Love - (train tunnel of trees located in Kleven - Ukraine)"
"Tunnel Of Love - Kleven  Ukraine [1024x680]"
"Ah  the colorful characters at Denny's.."
"I think I'll just stand  but thanks"
"Youtube at its best..."
"I WANNA TOOS THAT SALID! LOL EXCALADED QUICKLY!1"
"Mind blown"
"Mind = Blown"
"Your mind: officially blown"
"MFW a christian told me the earths axis is tilted as a result of noah's great flood"
"My GF thought she felt a lump in her breast and asked me to check it... She's fine"
"Professor Oak getting some action"
"What I imagine gay porn is like [SFW]"
"If Mario had weapons like Link"
"AAAAAHHHH.........moooo"
"Just a horse...wait  what??"
"wait for it..."
"Why are you running? Oh.... (X-post from r/gifs)"
"I'll have nightmares of him now."
"Seems Unnecessarily Archaic"
"Prostate Exam (SFW)"
"When the USS Enterprise aircraft carrier was launched  this is what was displayed on her deck. An awesome sight to say the least"
"When the USS Enterprise aircraft carrier was launched  this is what was displayed on her deck. An awesome site to say the least"
"How a border war should be handled."
"A border war I can agree with!"
"calling bullshit"
"You can lead a donkey to water"
"Get well soon!"
"Van Gogh from Space"
"Gotland  Sweden  looks like van Gogh's &quot;Starry night&quot; from space"
"What Do You Mean Stop Overreacting?!?"
"Just a baby walrus"
"Adorable baby walrus!!!"
"Just a baby walrus."
"Meet Mitik."
"A 234-pound  mustachioed baby walrus"
"Baby with a mustache!"
"15-week-old walrus rescued from the open ocean off Alaska finds home."
"Jamie Hyneman as a baby."
"Flish!!!"
"Come sail away with me."
"Cat rage faces"
"Ricky Gervais on Independence Day"
"Ricky has a point"
"This made me laugh a little too much."
"TIL I'm ancient"
"Living in Oklahoma is so exciting"
"Conan on Mitt Romney's perpetration for tonight's debate."
"Awful/hilarious Helen Keller twitter account..."
"Oh Romney..."
"This actually was on my twitter feed during the debates tonight..."
"Damnit! He's onto us!"
"I know that feel."
"That sums up my feelings about the Debate tonight."
"Awful/hilarious Helen Keller twitter account..."
"Canada on Colin Mochrie"
"Well said norm  well said"
"Oh Romney..."
"My new favorite diva"
"Nope! Nope! Nope!"
"Orgasm enhancing tip.."
"Ricky Gervais"
"Every Tweet of his more profound than the last.."
"Shoot for the stars  Drake!"
"Ninja Farts"
"WOOHOO!"
"Woody"
"When my friends and I practice Karate."
"Future Shamu [gif]"
"Sweet dreams are made of cat [3:35]"
"Inspired by a post in /askreddit today"
"Mad asks who said it: Mr. Burns or Mitt Romney?"
"Who said it - Mr. Burns  or Mitt Romney?"
"I have to admit  I missed a few"
"Can you tell the difference?"
"This Island is Fucked"
"Meanwhile in Russia children stay safe"
"Chamonix  Haute Savoye  France: A Snapshot From A Mountaineer's Life"
"Just you and the open sky [PIC]"
"That's it  I'm out."
"Kill yourself."
"As a conservative who spends a lot of time on reddit."
"How I feel living with three sisters with synchronized cycles"
"mario's worst nightmare"
"Dear...Pokemaster?"
"What it's really like in North Korea"
"Kim Jong-Ketchum"
"Washing Machine Ownage"
"This always brings a smile to my face"
"Oldie  but it gets me everytime."
"Oh crap a brick"
"My friends cat.(x-post)But I think he's so cute he deserves another picture"
"My reaction to people who downvote my posts followed by outcome"
"Nothing has blown my mind quite like this...true story."
"Suicide or murder?"
"How I felt at a catholic highschool in my liberal biology teacher's classroom."
"When a fundie thought she won the argument and ended it with &quot;Yolo&quot;"
"PEPIS"
"How I feel while reading the Obama IAMA"
"its works for me"
"Good Old Games  you know what to do."
"Anyone else play this game?"
"High-flying dedication"
"Cat Jam"
"Dear John Cusack  thank you for teaching me that if Ione Skye ever tells me that she just wants to be friends  the appropriate response is to say sure but then to make sure to add &quot;With potential.&quot;"
"What would drive someone to do this?"
"Watch the ice!"
"How to take photos with Nokia 3310"
"Racist Grocery Store"
"My friend found this gem at an asian market today."
"How I feel when someone tells me about a horrible injury they've experienced."
"when a couple talk about what they do with each other"
"My reactions every time I visit WTF"
"my reaction when visiting r/WTF"
"I see your Russian Monopoly and raise you... Ethiopian Monopoly"
"Boop"
"Someday..."
"Does anyone know whereabouts this beautiful photo was taken?"
"How I feel browsing /new"
"Parents of the day"
"Bad parenting"
"How I felt when I woke up this morning  knowing my semester Starts tomorrow."
"I go back to college tomorrow  this came to mind..."
"Where we are in the Universe"
"Where we are in the Universe"
"Where we are in the Universe"
"The only one you can be certain is true is #6."
"You Can't Do That!"
"Sandy? I'll Drink to That"
"Why  Just Why? Pigeon Costume"
"Sonics' Rings"
"My precious?"
"I can't stop laughing at this!"
"boston terrier meets exercise ball"
"Boston Terrier meets a ball"
"Naysayers"
"Naysayers Gonna Naysay."
"How I feel after listening to two boys in my physics class talk about how much they hate reddit."
"In a swedish castle there's a lion from 1731 who was stuffed by a taxidermist who had never seen a lion."
"Jamie Hyneman from Mythbusters doesn't like Watermelon"
"Otterly Disgusted"
"I no like watermelon &gt;:|"
"Disgusted Otter (X-post from Photoshopbattles)"
"Otter's don't like watermelon."
"My reaction after giving my first blowjob...(SFW)"
"&quot;Me No Like Waller Melons&quot;"
"yuuuuuuckkyyyy.."
"Otter eats watermelon...but does not enjoy it"
"An otter eating a watermelon  but really not enjoying it"
"Life"
"I'm living the American Dream"
"Working with no dealer or no trees for the summer."
"Finally understand what it's like to be an adult."
"As I grow older this image grows truer."
"Every Day is Exactly the Same"
"Sadworld"
"Squidworld was too depressing  so I made this."
"hehehehe... OH FUCK!!"
"Just realized ive been on reddit for 11 months. this is how I imagine my first cake day going."
"Drugs are bad  MmmKay"
"Oh Henry..."
"FFS Henry - you crazy..."
"I don't care if it's a spider... Still cute!"
"How I feel when someone tells me to get a job..."
"Sure ill get a job!!"
"i'm trying to be a teacher  and people keep asking me if i got a job yet"
"How I feel immediately after I've been introduced to somebody"
"Playing sports with your much more athletic friends"
"Oh knock-offs.."
"Redditor selling his car on Craigslist"
"The greatest ad for a teal green Pontiac Grand Am in the history of history itself. From Everett  WA craigslist"
"Looked for a car on Craigslist today; Jesus tap-dancing christ..."
"How fast do you think my friend will sell this POS car with this amazing ad?"
"Car selling...you're doing it right."
"This man knows how to sell a car"
"driving it is better than your last four romantic encounters...combined! (real craigslist ad)"
"Best damn used car ad ever!"
"I'm considering buying this car."
"What I first thought when I heard Gungnam Style"
"OPPA GANGNAM STYLE!"
"This is all I hear.."
"So true."
"Firefox! CHROME! .....internet explorer?"
"I used this picture to attempt to explain web browsers to my mother."
"IE just wants to take a rest"
"Saw this in the bookface. Thought I should share."
"Salsa Dog"
"Shakira's hips have nothing on this little guy!"
"The Dance of My People"
"Happy dance"
"Classic gif sound!"
"Had to make this variant"
"Dance doggy dance."
"Woman glued to toilet at Walmart"
"Meanwhile at Walmart..."
"Ninja Kitty"
"Roll over"
"&quot;Don't touch me bitch!&quot;"
"My first time at this  I think these two go together very well!"
"For my birthday i give you my favorite gifs(more in comments)"
"The National Pastime"
"Iraq war explained...."
"So why'd he take off his shirt?"
"One of my favorite gifs"
"Successful Troll is Successful"
"Al-Qaeda is a sneaky one"
"I had fun once ..."
"I had fun once."
"I made double sure that I liked  commented  and shared."
"If you could turn karma into money."
"How my [Canadian] Christian high school taught evolution."
"Awesome Evolution Chart"
"Goosta Rap"
"Everyday"
"Surprised Turtle"
"Dear Dick Turtle: you should watch your children more carefully next time"
"How I feel being an Apple fanboy on reddit right now"
"Hello Goodbye Moon"
"Last Smile"
"My friend sent me this in the middle of the night."
"On a trail camera in Northern Minnesota..."
"So I tried to hit a bong for the first time..."
"Riding on the street for the first time"
"My only reply to  &quot;How was the cheesecake?&quot; [GIF]"
"How my bed feels when I'm drunk [FIXED]"
"A stroll in the park"
"My local news station did a story on this daschund... 77 pounds may have exceeded his limit."
"At Dawn.."
"I WILL FOLLOW YOU TO THE SAND PIT AND BACK"
"We shall win much honor"
"To victory!"
"At dawn we ride  gentlemen."
"The perfect yell."
"Adopted"
"Newborn piglet makes a friend."
"Baby Red Panda"
"Are you serious WENDY?"
"Best Wendy's Review ever."
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful."
"Helpful Wendy's review"
"FOURTEEN out of FOURTEEN found THIS to be HELPFUL?"
"Hipster Glasses"
"As a person with a patchy beard during no shave November."
"As a person with a patchy beard  this is how feel during no shave November."
"When I came home and saw my link karma in the double digits.."
"The first time my dad cursed around me"
"When I open the oven to remove my pizza."
"For the longest time I didn't understand &quot;ent&quot; and then I was talking about LOTR's with a friend and it hit me."
"How I felt when I saw coworkers  that I thought I knew well  walk in with bags of Chik-fil-a today."
"When I get a single upvote on an old post"
"The face when you realised you had gotten a front page post"
"As a new redditor..."
"Firing an M1911 underwater. [1543x949]"
"Firing a 1911 underwater. [Pic]"
"When you fire a gun underwater"
"A dog ... What the fuck?"
"Move over  Jimmy  let Rover takeover."
"Dogs:1 Humans:0"
"Invited all my Google+ Friends over for New Years Eve!"
"Its SO BIG!"
"DogHouseDiaries on mobile gaming"
"If Pong were released in the Apple App Store..."
"Supercell Thunderstorm Over Montana"
"Amazing  tornado surrounding rain shower"
"Looks like death"
"&quot;...we'll be gone for a few hours son  see you later! ...&quot;"
"I love public transportation."
"I love this comic"
"This is what popped up on my News Feed this morning on Facebook..."
"So this popped up in my news feed  oreos."
"PROOF."
"Seems legit"
"Proof."
"God v. Spiderman"
"Proof"
"Proof  and to be honest  the one on the right sounds more believable.."
"See ... he is real!"
"It has been proven!"
"Spiderman v. God"
"Proof"
"Proof"
"How I feel when I don't get upvote"
"[first gifSound] AM I DOING THIS RIGHT?"
"What I feel like listening to love songs by myself..."
"Never Gonna Dance Again"
"After the hurricane  how I feel getting power / reddit back"
"So  who else had their school ban these?"
"In honor of its upcoming sequel  here is a summary of the original movie &quot;Taken&quot;"
"How we transport cows in Texas"
"Only in my hometown...."
"Can Reddit help me find out who this jerk is so I can report him to the proper authorities?"
"SAP - Socially Awkward Potter"
"made my day"
"Not cool Harry"
"My new puppy isn't potty trained."
"Let us never forget the true heroes..."
"This is what the elections come down to."
"I guess that explains the solidity."
"Rain"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like Toms."
"This picture has found its rightful home here"
"Don't Know Why I Searched &quot;Fat Superheroes&quot;"
"Thought this belonged here [x-post from r/funny]"
"Flash? Spider-Man? Why?"
"So I googled &quot;I don't even&quot; and this is what it gave me..."
"Oh yeah take it Flash"
"Wtf Obese Spiderman and Flash."
"Too much internet for today."
"So this happened to pop up on my Twitter feed just now"
"President Obama Observes International Pirate Day"
"Ahoy mateys! I be reckoning Captain Obama did win this here speak like a pirate day."
"Reaction to /r/gonewild"
"Hello"
"ann is glad"
"That was a close one..."
"So happy for Ann. Who doesn't hate downsizing?"
"Most likely the truth"
"Went to submit a TIL post only to find out someone already learned it before today...."
"My professor pulled up Amazon to show us the $399 textbook we'd be using"
"This is how people were when the real money auction house came out."
"How I felt making my first student loan payment"
"Shut up and..."
"i'll be there for you.."
"FRONDS"
"After spending 3 hours on r/WTF  r/Gore  r/SpaceDicks  and r/WatchPeopleDie."
"After spending 3 hours on r/WTF  r/Gore  r/SpaceDicks  and r/WatchPeopleDie. (x-post from r/funny)"
"I don't know about you guys  but this is who I voted for."
"Melbourne citizens  no need to struggle anymore  this kid has the solution to all your problems."
"More Magnets"
"More magnets"
"Answering questions like a boss"
"did this for a friend i know he will love this"
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"how did no one else think of this?"
"Mount Everest [1920x1080]"
"About a [3] on the WTF meter  but still worth a gander. Also  nsfw."
"AC-130 leaving behind flare &quot;Angel of Death&quot;"
"Transform!"
"This stare will haunt my dreams."
"Good thing I wasn't planning on sleeping...ever again..."
"Yep."
"Mmm... Ice cream!"
"So long and thanks for all the laughs  DNA."
"To the late Mr. Adams"
"Mercat"
"catfish!"
"Puppy on a swing."
"Just hanging around.."
"How I feel when any insect buzzes by me."
"Bad ass bird."
"OH SHI... God I'm a pussy"
"What I think of when I see Google's new glasses"
"That's not fun at all!"
"Reading all the Kony arguments on Facebook today."
"My reaction when I see two people fighting over facebook"
"When I see a fight on Facebook"
"You do what to get back at your mom?"
"Awwwww..."
"So a baby seal walks into a bar... The bartender asks &quot;What'll you have to drink?' The seal responds &quot;Anything but a Canadian Club on the rocks&quot;"
"Redditor breaks poor baby sea lion's neck for that juicy karma"
"Baby Seal"
"Baby harp seal"
"Ok  now they're just fucking with me."
"Every time I wash a spoon."
"Every time I wash a spoon."
"Check out this girls classy boots."
"Bus shelter near my work"
"Bus Shelter Graffiti in Chicago"
"Faggit (xpost from r/chicago)"
"The 3D effect makes this kind of disturbing"
"Seven Headed Creature in stereo!"
"Trippy 3D gif - shake your head to stop it"
"crazy 3D sketch"
"5 Points from Gryffindor"
"Can it be...a baby albino....Koala?!"
"Who can say no to an albino baby koala?"
"Albino baby panda x-post r/pics"
"This can't be real  right?"
"I googled &quot;albino things&quot; expecting to find some weird stuff. Nope  just adorable albino koala babies!"
"Now Reddit  do as I say!"
"Why can't I hold all these karmas?"
"Makes me want to eat ramen"
"Look at this photograph. Every time I do  it makes me laugh."
"My face when my dad called me a faggot for getting my nipples pierced."
"Story of my life."
"How I feel after I make a comment and then everyone in reply gets downvoted."
"Emma seems to know her shit"
"Private Time"
"Faroe Islands"
"Domina Home Piccolo: Living life at the edge of the Earth"
"Ouch."
"BEST BUDDIES."
"Best Buddies."
"little girl moved by art"
"little girl moved by art"
"Little girl and a painting"
"Little girl moved by art"
"Handpainted Xbox 360 Controller Bra"
"everytime someone upvotes my post"
"Walking home after aceing a test"
"Would love to be this guy.."
"Reddit Cake Day and 100% on Exam?"
"Everybody chill the f*ck out... I've got this sh*t!"
"Nobody move! I dropped my nut."
"Gum ball roulette  cause its fun for everyone"
"That's some pure evil right there."
"Reading the Bible for &quot;morality&quot;"
"Accidentally clicked on a link to r/spacedicks"
"Reading most status updates on Facebook"
"Logged onto reddit  missed POTUS AMA...by 5 min"
"How I feel seeing all these 8AM class posts as an ROTC cadet who has to be up at 4AM for PT"
"After seeing the top post on /r/morbidreality"
"Yeah  yeah yeah  it was posted years ago. Still  this is one of my favorite pictures ever. Maybe someone who has never seen it will find it and like it."
"Picture of Milky Way as seen from Mars!"
"NASA's budget cuts are becoming quite obvious..."
"The Milky Way  from Mars surface."
"An incredible view of the Milky way from Mars."
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"burned down nightclub in germany"
"Typed in upvotes to Google. It's just not meant to be."
"Some of the Egyptian protesters who stormed the embassy yesterday wore Guy Fawkes masks. It's actually fitting  since Fawkes wanted a theocracy."
"Hells yeah! NO! NOOOO!"
"Flash!"
"The cat will hypnotize you with his catness"
"Gold nugget"
"punchline not in title"
"Challenge Accepted (X-Post /vertical)"
"not much of a challenge"
"Finally the Cristo Redentor (the statue of Jesus in Rio de Janeiro) has been fixed!"
"Mitt Romney wears mom jeans"
"Brave kid  I've ever found [FIXED]"
"Love this."
"Sometimes  things just work."
"I hope she washed her hands after they finished."
"I hope she finds whatever she's dropped.."
"Haters gonna hate circa 1782"
"New iOS 6 Apple Maps on CYYZ: ...Close enough."
"My friend posted a picture of the best costume duo I think I have ever seen..."
"Best father/son costume yet"
"Best father son Halloween costume."
"When you see it O.o"
"How to revive a redditor"
"Friendship between males is a strange  strange thing."
"Don't fuck with grandma."
"Never put your mother or grandmother in a home. Ever."
"3 Tard Moon"
"3 Tard Moon"
"3Tard Moon"
"3Tard Moon"
"How lovely the moon looks."
"A little somethin' from your friends over at r/georgegifs"
"How I feel trying to downvote every repost I see"
"Too much fist"
"Harmony at last"
"How I feel downvoting a comment below threshold"
"Don't Fuck With This Koala"
"I'm shipping up to boston"
"Unstoppable Koala"
"You may have thought you heard me say I wanted a lot of bacon and eggs..."
"Advice from Ron Swanson"
"Ron-Fucking-Swanson"
"Last day at work"
"Just in case reddit needed another reason to love cats..."
"Bison Skull Pile Circa 1870"
"How I feel after playing Skyrim for 4 months."
"Mt. Rainier Sunrise Shadow [3968x2232]"
"Saw Mt.Rainier driving to work this morning"
"The long shadow of Mt. Rainier"
"The Reaction to My Last Post Made Me Feel This Way"
"So that explains why I never win a game of air hockey against the ladies"
"Way too much WTF going on to even attempt to explain"
"LIKE I GIVE A FUCK"
"You dropped something  bro."
"Who is this? This picture was posted on reddit about a year ago  and tagged as Icelandic chick."
"A bag of these would be awesome right now"
"Penis Math."
"Penis Math."
"Anything from Japanese TV belongs here"
"Only in japan...."
"Looked up wtf on google images and I have to say despite that this is not what I was expecting"
"Googled WTF  incredibly bored  was not disappointed."
"I hate to see her go  but I love to watch her leave."
"It's not a cat  but  I thought this was pretty darn cute!!"
"A blue dragon with its wings down. Life is awesome."
"Never knew a mollusk could look so cool"
"Chicago skyline  shot taken from Indiana."
"Chicago  as seen from the shores of Indiana."
"White people"
"It's you and me."
"Awww"
"Cutest Picture I've Seen in my Life..."
"Fap free september..."
"No fap September"
"I just received a subpoena to court on a vehicular manslaughter case. Nervous about testifying."
"What I think after I post something and then realize its a re-post"
"well shit."
"My favorite piece of art."
"Whenever I let one go before leaving the elevator"
"When you watch someone walk into a room you just farted in"
"Dinnertime for a Great Grey Owl. [1400x902] (repost from r/AnimalPorn)"
"Aww shit...."
"MLK being a badass"
"Its my cakeday"
"After 5 years on reddit i think i have the power now..."
"I think I feel something"
"The Perceivers Are Not Amused"
"StarTrek Proposal {FIXED}: The Inevitable Wheaton Face Swap"
"So my friend proposed in front of the cast of Star Trek..."
"Actors in one of their best-known roles"
"Crack!?"
"Garfield comics with everyone but Jon removed hilariously melancholic"
"Smoooooth!"
"BioWares reaction to ending of ME3"
"Nobody saw that..."
"Act natural and just keep walking"
"Best food gif ever!"
"It was bound to happen..."
"We lost one of our greatest scientists today..."
"RIP The Internet 1982 - 2012"
"Said no one  ever."
"Good Advice"
"Yes  it's possible."
"This creeped me out more then it should have"
"Colbert's dancing in the sunlight"
"Hardcore Colbert // From Gifsound  thought it was better in funny"
"Oh Colbert"
"Damn it copy machine."
"The copy machine in my office is always causing problems"
"All The Pringle Ladies"
"Touchdown!! WOOOOOooooo... oh."
"Every time my download freezes at 99.9%"
"Doing nothing every day."
"I'll see you your hero  and raise you My Hero"
"How I feel when I don't lose any socks in the laundry."
"Waking up to quadrupled karma"
"reaching 5 karma"
"How I feel when a hot girl transfers to my small school"
"So I've been trying to write an essay for a couple of hours now"
"What my paper looks like so far"
"Ann Romney's RNC speech."
"How my papers turn out after 2 hours of attempting to write and reddit"
"Romney's Tax Plan Finally Revealed!!!"
"Who knew a running duck was so adorable?"
"when you can't find the right reaction gif"
"QUACK!"
"Acid Cat"
"SUDDENLY.... ACID."
"Mesmerizing ... O.O"
"Continue to look into the eyes of this 3D cat  until your soul and mind turn into subatomic transcendent mush"
"All glory to the hypnocat"
"What I look like when someone tells a joke that's not funny but everyone laughs anyway"
"when i play my favorite music to my friends"
"King of the playground."
"Escaping from prison like a boss"
"Mother fucking popsicles"
"All the ladies out there remember this."
"I swear I'll slap you so super hard"
"Purr Monster"
"Just laughed at this for 20 minutes. (6)"
"Cat Tossing"
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"My dad sent me this this morning. XD"
"My new favorite .gif"
"My face as a Canadian on this Subreddit."
"any gif with alison brie"
"Don't understand how this could be"
"What the fuck did i just click on?"
"Harry Potter Wants To Seduce You"
"whoever posted this  you earned my repost."
"Good job Steve"
"Good job  Steve"
"Do you care?"
"Brilliant Marketing"
"This is the advertising BMW uses for their pre-owned cars. I have no problems with this. [Slightly NSFW-ish]"
"That's a lot of bacon."
"can anyone source this gif? tineye and google reverse searches came up with nothing (cross post from r/gifs)"
"Running in the 90s"
"Why you should wear a helmet."
"That feeling when you miss your cake day by only a few days."
"YOU SHOULD SEE DROWNING AS A GIFT"
"abstinence logic is afloat"
"We should ban lifejackets and other flotation devices  as they only encourage risky behavior."
"Snoop Dogg being Count Bluntula. That is all"
"A Bear With No Fur"
"Shaved bear looks like a rat."
"Shaved Bear"
"The current smartphone market."
"&quot;Yes.&quot;"
"Am I pregnant?"
"I'm sure he'll hit the ap- OH MY GOD."
"Atlas."
"This reminds me mythological Atlas"
"Gaming's savior"
"r/Gaming's perception of Gaben"
"Toss the evidence!"
"Because fuck being a dad"
"My Favorite WTF Gif"
"Greatest Dad"
"Dad teaching his kid to ride a bike"
"Savage Bear attack. NSFL"
"vicious bear attack"
"Found this little guy all alone on the internet..."
"Super-Friends"
"The most successful crime fighting team"
"Best. Cosplay. Ever."
"Future generations will have no idea what's going on here."
"national geographic best of july. woof"
"Just playing around..."
"Ready for takeoff"
"Now what do I do?"
"Anyone else think they should be downvotes when Reddits down?"
"After browsing r/gonewild too long..."
"The only thing worse than no blue links"
"Damn you Snoop Lion"
"How you can tell 4chan is down..."
"The end of the world- It's upon us"
"This literally made me twitch"
"How to really annoy a redditor"
"Most productive part of my workday"
"Every college break..."
"The first signal the end is nigh!"
"But Where Are the Hobbits?"
"Every Time I Call Xbox LIVE Support..."
"I'm in law school and this is what I think every time I see a Latin phrase..."
"Just look at it!"
"mother fucking bird making mother fucking pasta."
"Attempting to get out of the friendzone"
"Risky business."
"Best medicine...."
"I thought I would never find someone I know on GW. Well five minutes ago...."
"Whenever I understand a pun"
"Whenever you and your friends heard another friend get yelled at by his mom."
"Reddit's reaction to today's AMA."
"MFW I realized the voice of Hoss Delgado is the new Batman (the brave and the bold)"
"&quot;Shit. We picked the wrong river&quot;"
"&quot;Shit. We picked the wrong river.&quot;"
"This Boston Terrier approves of this subreddit."
"Derp Cat"
"kitty"
"Happy kitty c:"
"What a sweet little guy?"
"I googled WTF"
"Neon Lion"
"Kitty vs Gravity"
"Stairs are for losers"
"Ultimate power"
"Lord of the Rings Truth or Dare"
"Racist?"
"Baby Hippo Om Nom"
"When My Friend Only Says &quot;ya&quot; Or &quot;nice&quot; In A Text"
"Christian Logic"
"Kiteboarding with a whale"
"Kite surfing in New Caledonia"
"I see your whale kite and I raise you a whale and a kite (surfer) ..."
"Looks like we are in for 4 more years of..."
"The internet as of right now."
"Half of America right now"
"How i feel posting a comment i know is going to be downvoted"
"What I do when people talk over me."
"A summary of today's ObAMA"
"Summary of today's Obama AMA"
"Barcelona"
"Aww what a great family pictu...wait a minute"
"How I feel after finanlly having a successful post."
"My speciality is roofing"
"How to pick up chicks"
"a paradox world"
"TJ Maxx's Elmo Jesus"
"Elmo died for your sins at TJ Maxx"
"How I felt after I accidentally pasted the url in the title space"
"This changes everything!"
"Hi  I'm Khalid al-Mihdhar."
"This acronym is a stroke of genus"
"This acronym is a stroke of genius"
"This acronym is a stroke of genius"
"This acronym is a stroke of genius"
"SPLASHING!"
"It's simple math really. [OC]"
"And Little Jimmy gave no fucks that day"
"god is watching"
"Magic Eye Image - Reddit Edition (yes  it really works)"
"Holy fuck that's deep [NSFW]"
"Just.. just look at her throat."
"Want to see a magic trick?"
"My future wife [NSFW]"
"Skills: She has it [FIXED]"
"My reaction when my friend told me it was my cakeday."
"When my girlfriend wants me to hang out with her friends..."
"The moment your brain realize you have to take a huge dump.."
"When someone gets caught with a repost"
"How I feel when someone proves me wrong online"
"Permanent downvote."
"Wait  that's an arrow head? All this time I thought it was a downvote."
"Good day sir."
"Oh cool it's a comic about a bear!...wait  what?!"
"Found this while searching for something on Google..."
"He kinda looks like a muppet.."
"The reaction of me and my brother when our grandma called our cousin a slut at dinner yesterday"
"My immediate reaction when I saw this gif."
"Just shake it off son."
"these arms  that face"
"Hit so hard he reached warp 2"
"What is wrong wit..&quot;sigh&quot; oh Rihanna."
"Making the snow"
"How it feels to not have a Facebook"
"The answer to a hungry man"
"Why I'll never be cool.."
"Here comes the men in b--AW SHIT."
"Deal with it"
"Going out in public after a sesh"
"Deal with it..."
"I could watch this for hours"
"Took me awhile to deal with this"
"When a hot girl shows up at the pool [FIXED]"
"Shit just got real."
"I Dream of Sunglasses"
"Frogman!"
"Damn you manatee"
"Paul Ryan Stiles"
"The Paul Ryan battle has started in /r/pics"
"My eyes hurt after seeing this picture"
"tattoo pickup line"
"Dog in a swing"
"Cute corgi having a happy time playing on a swing"
"Give me that shit."
"Mine."
"SWIPED"
"How I feel when my wife makes fresh cookies"
"Kitty treats are getting weirder..."
"A little camera shy"
"Cat-caine."
"Why can't two men raise a child?"
"This Poem Makes No Sense"
"A little poem for y'all. (I apologize if this is a repost)"
"So creative"
"Creepy piggy bank"
"piggy bank"
"nailed it"
"Nailed it [Fixed]"
"New species of monkey discovered in the heart of Africa."
"Separated at birth?"
"Slumber Party Court"
"Truth or Dare? (www.completeyseriouscomics.com)"
"&quot;Please advise.&quot;"
"My newsfeed held a pleasant surprise for me when I signed on tonight."
"Married couples (Yemen)"
"the line of punch."
"It's picture day!"
"We kill the batman!"
"This guy won everything."
"Relationship Issues... [FB]"
"Do you want to know why I use comment jokes? Memes are too quick. You can't savor all the... little emotions."
"So that explains it..."
"Trolling: Panda level"
"I otter call  but I won't"
"Wildebeest"
"Boop"
"Boop."
"Boop!"
"This guy's just chillin at the park squatting a duck"
"Friends hilarious ghost costume for halloween (album)"
"&quot;This looks like a good book.&quot; -No one ever"
"DAMN IT JUAN - TAKE IT BACK I SAY! Oh wait..."
"Tacos"
"I hate tacos..."
"I hate tacos."
"&quot;I read something in the paper that really confused me...&quot; Louis C.K. [500x391]"
"Clever girl"
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful... no wait"
"Clever girl...."
"Mean Girls hits the (hair) on the head"
"she can see the future"
"just the happiest hamster ever"
"Fuck yeah  I love flowers!"
"Happy Mouse!"
"Ahhhhh flowers!!"
"This is just crazy.."
"I laughed harder than I should've at this."
"FB friend found this on a computer she used for school  it fits perfectly."
"The Horror..."
"Walter White &amp; Ned Flanders Mashup"
"you don't fuck with flanders"
"I wonder what he smells like?"
"Still my favorite image on the internet"
"Better than any college acceptance letter"
"WTF"
"googled &quot;what the hell is that&quot; and i have no words."
"Half man half bear half pig ? WTF"
"how long has this been around!"
"Falcooon PUNCH!!!"
"So many Vi mirror matches right now"
"Falcoooon puunch!"
"We can't stop here! This is Jawa country..."
"Fear and Loathing in Mos Eisley"
"Fear and Loathing on Tattooine"
"Fuck it  i'm out"
"Michael Jackson &amp; Paul McCartney washing dishes"
"Just two dudes doing the dishes"
"Just a couple of guys doing dishes"
"Just a couple of friends doing the dishes..."
"Pot of Gold!"
"MY car!"
"A cat and a horse were on a boat..."
"I think I'll just leave this here..."
"So I got bored  and searched up &quot;horsey&quot; on Google Images. This is a picture that popped up."
"My first post: NY times photographer in the middle of the ocean on a fishing boat  still knows what the people want to see!"
"Fighting childhood obesity by running."
"Things I do in my spare time."
"You're adopted!"
"How I feel after posting anything and not getting upvotes..."
"When I think it's going to be sexy time with the wife and she tells me she just started her period"
"Me when i try to go on Fifa 13 Web App"
"The pinky way"
"Wormy -- oh my god"
"My thoughts on last night's South Park"
"Realizing I missed the borderlands sale."
"How I imagine redditors when they see a bad parking/wrong speling/bad grammer"
"When I logged in to see I was 5 hours late for Obama's AMA."
"The saddest reaction gif just got a little sadder."
"Can someone please provide me with a video/context to this gif?"
"In Soviet Russia  the protesters pepper-spray the police"
"Thom Yorke being Thom Yorke"
"when it cools off enough to leave the basement."
"When my code works for the first time all week"
"Just Pigs Swimming"
"ouch  it hurts the brain... but cannot stop watching [gif]"
"now i feel slow"
"How romantic!"
"I need a new job"
"How romantic."
"Don't feed the birds"
"my favorite gif ever."
"Feeding pigeons gone wrong"
"partypigeon"
"Wait for it..."
"Would you rather fight 100 normal sized pigeons or one one horse sized pigeon?"
"Where?"
"Found in r/funny... thought you'd all appreciate it"
"How I picture people affected by hurricane Sandy."
"eating ramen LIKE A BOSS"
"How to eat ramen like a boss"
"Go home flag  youre drunk!"
"My neighbors are taking this especially hard."
"My neighbors took it pretty bad."
"When I get a single upvote on an obscure reference"
"After finishing a first play through of Journey with the same co-op partner."
"How I feel when I find out someone I know is a Redditor."
"How Keanu Reeves celebrates Halloween"
"Sad Keanu doing better."
"Hey horsey  GIDDYUP!"
"When A Game Goes On Sale The Day After You Buy It"
"I got tired of seeing the small version of this gif so I made a higher quality one"
"When You Buy A Game And The Next Day It Goes On Sale"
"Team Fortress: Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny"
"You're a wizard Harry!"
"Happy birthday Farrokh Bulsara/ Freddie Mercury. You will always be remembered."
"Happy Birthday Freddie  we miss you."
"66 years ago today  a star was born"
"Happy birthday to my favorite vocalist and all around bad ass dude"
"Happy Birthday you Brilliant Man"
"Happy Birthday You Brilliant Man"
"We put Shel Silverstein on the front page on his birthday but not this absolute LEGEND??"
"Happy birthday Farrokh Bulsara/ Freddie Mercury. You will always be remembered."
"When you leave the barber without looking at the back of your head"
"The most badass gif ever"
"Here is a badass combo with an explosion."
"Paranormal Activity 4"
"A realistic take on Super Mario Bros. World 1-1"
"How I eat one minute before suhoor ends..."
"The first time I went down on a girl"
"I wasn't aware that has happened yet."
"Turns out the tea party was right. Obama is a socialist. Here's him with Karl Marx"
"Worlds most accurate Pie chart"
"Love."
"OH LAWD."
"Church is so Hardcore!"
"Me  whenever I try to dance"
"After only being able to get dirt for almost 2 months  my local dealer called me to say he has high grade instock waiting for me."
"#2termz (2-chainz)"
"2 Termzzz!!"
"All I do is win."
"The artwork of Adolf Hitler."
"Reddit's worst nightmare"
"Reddit's worst nightmare [Fixed]"
"Oh god it hurts to even imagine it"
"Worst potential movie ever."
"What Reddit did to me."
"Cunnilingus..on a fat girl."
"Dog's Diary vs Cat's Diary"
"Dog's Diary vs. Cat's Diary"
"What reddit's cat thinks..."
"dogs diary vs. cats diary"
"What happened last night?"
"Ridiculously Cryogenic Guy"
"Air Conditioning was fixed last night  this is how I woke up this morning."
"Every day in class..."
"Pew Pew Pew [FIXED]"
"Where do I throw the money at?!?!"
"&quot;Happiness...&quot; -Aristotle [OC] [3206x1860]"
"Nothing to worry about"
"Michelle Obama's speech last night"
"Handicapped? Stand still for a moment"
"I got a feeling that I am making this a lot harder than it actually is."
"Found a hipster"
"Hey Steve!"
"When I fart in a crowd  but have eaten well the past few weeks"
"How I imagine people that comment on a post days later..."
"Watching one of your posts make the front page for the first time"
"When I see the same gif used over and over with different titles"
"Finding out that cute girl you been talking to hates cats..."
"Bad Ass Bird"
"On reddit I saw a couple of angry birds picture now I give you a really badass one"
"Who needs swag?"
"A $13 Million dollar bank statement found in a cafe with a motivational message."
"Millionaire leaves message of the key to happiness on a bank receipt... showing a balance of $13 million. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"A 13 million dollar bank deposit found in a cafe  with a message"
"$12 810 611.09"
"Found in a cafe."
"13 million dollar bank statement left in cafe with message."
"Browsing GOP's forum  i found this"
"Best brush a cat can get - a hedgehog"
"If anyone else did this it would be a sign of mental illness."
"Best Cover Letter EVER"
"A friend found this gem at work - 'Roanald' obviously knows what he's doing!"
"Dining in high up in New York"
"Tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Bad advertising."
"Tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Accept the things you cannot change."
"I dropped my girlfriend off at her apartment a while ago. She found this note waiting for her and sent me a picture."
"I don't believe in global warming."
"Tulip fields just outside Alkmaar  North-Holland  Netherlands"
"Stunning Flower Farm"
"Tulip fields just outside Alkmaar  North-Holland  Netherlands"
"My favorite Office intro..."
"Every time I try to make the front page."
"FINISH HIM!!"
"FINISH HIM!!"
"Keep sliding away..."
"Fuck you  I'm a dog."
"You did what with Mozart?"
"oooo what's in the box?"
"Wormern Bernders!"
"burnders full of wormern"
"Bernders!"
"Kate Upton dancing. That is all. (SFW'ish)"
"Kate Upton dancing in bikini."
"Why &quot;;P&quot; creeps me out"
"I think you should quit smo..."
"Unreal Candy has fixed the Reeses problem. And it's made from REAL ingredients. (mostly from small time farmers) The end product  which I purchased at Target is absolutely delicious!"
"Boo [Much Scarier]"
"Getting ready for halloween"
"Racist dog."
"What the fuck McDonalds!?"
"So this just arrived at McDonalds Denmark"
"So much win"
"This guy has a bright future ahead of him"
"Romney as a child"
"Anyone religious is just as atheist as me. Best explanation."
"One of the best quotes i've ever heard."
"Waking up early on days off knowing I have not a single thing to do."
"How I felt immediately after turning in my last final for the year"
"How I feel realizing it's been two months since my last cigarette"
"Found out my girlfriend isn't pregnant."
"My 2nd Cake Day! I missed the first one. Time to celebrate!"
"disarm this!"
"Asking my pregnant wife a question"
"Critical hit!"
"Anyone know the source of this training gone wrong?"
"I still find Guile’s theme very usable"
"boom"
"What the fuuu-BOOOM!"
"I don't even fucking know"
"Get your ass in here!"
"Iron Deficiency Man."
"Maybe the best Iron Man costume yet..."
"I swear  it's just a butterfly!"
"When you see it..."
"Alright guys  Obamagician."
"Obama vs Frieza"
"As Your President  i will harness the power of the sun"
"Perfectly Timed Obama"
"Light shining behind Obama in Iowa"
"Yer a wizard  Barry!"
"We OWN Vault 101"
"Tunnel Snakes Rule"
"Come here amata  I'll show you a real funnel cake."
"For the Randy Savage people"
"Tunnel snakes rule!"
"Just noticed its my cake day and my summer is almost over..."
"The more I see these  the closer we get to this."
"How I feel on Twitter right now"
"Me knowing I dont start school until next week"
"poor spidey  only get's to read about it"
"Why I made an OKC"
"Spiderman is at it again."
"How I feel as the only person not watching the debates..."
"How I felt looking at all the posts on facebook at 11 PM after the debate was over"
"Everyone's watching the Debate"
"So many awesome helmets and shit."
"50 Shades of Hay-probably better than the real book"
"50 shades of...."
"Mind fucked"
"The humpty dance is your chance to do the hump."
"Seems Legit."
"Real Lesbians"
"A Real Lesbian..."
"Well it's not exactly poetic justice  is it?"
"I saw this in my local paper. Was slightly confused at first..."
"Excellent  shouldn't take long to apprehend them then."
"world record speed"
"I'll have four pizza pies!!!"
"Puma... or is it Pumba? (oc)"
"I love this brand of shoes! Especially the signature MeerKats."
"That's umm..."
"When someone points a flash light in my face after my eyes have adapted to the dark"
"Ohh bloodyfrrghapuhfugahpuhchuhfehaaah"
"Me when i try to pick something up completely Drunk."
"Pug Attack"
"Don't Make A Mess  She Said"
"Are you messing with me?"
"Fuck the police"
"Longest 3 Count [X-Post from r/squaredcircle]"
"GOTTA GO FAT"
"planned parenthood david blaine style."
"Well  that's one way to get rid of the baby"
"No words..."
"Now you don't see it  now you do!"
"Can I get a pregnant woman to step up to the stage for my next magic trick?"
"Magic or Illusion?"
"WTF and Funny at the same time"
"Aaaand this belongs here as well."
"Oh 4chan..."
"FreeBoarder Spin"
"Funk Soul Brother"
"Life of a Whale Biologist"
"It's a whale."
"Life of a Whale Biologist"
"FOUND: Stop Girl video from a different angle!"
"Stop Girl responds when I threaten to leave this subreddit"
"You'll reluctantly click one more link.. With what little hope remains for it to not be the stop girl."
"hey guys  here's some OC for ya. do you think this could be our mascot?"
"What I tell myself every time I click on a post in r/TheStopGirl knowing full well what it will be"
"What She Said  When I Tried to Stick it in Her Ass..."
"all i need is you smiling"
"This is how most of my friendships work"
"What the relationship between my friends and I has become recently"
"So... do I call her &quot;feet girl&quot;?"
"Hot Feet"
"Oh what it's like to be young."
"This dog reminds me of Sheldon Cooper..."
"Seinfeld Wars"
"All this face swapping nonsense needs to be cleaned up"
"This gets me every time"
"This always gets me"
"Sham...what the fuck..."
"Made this Nic Cafe shirt and thought redsit might approve:) unsure if this is the right place to post this."
"I made this shirt   awesome no ?"
"Kitteh luhvs"
"For Seal"
"You came to the wrong neighbourhood"
"A favorite of mine."
"Anarchy"
"HIF about the upcoming election"
"How I view the debates"
"How I view an argument in the comments section"
"Every time I see an NSFW link."
"Logging into Reddit just now"
"When a post makes it to the front page  and still doesn't have an estimate on the number of upvotes it has."
"When I saw on facebook that my cheating ex-girlfriend got engaged."
"How I felt when my lesbian sister-in-law asked why homosexuality is wrong to our extremely religious family of 9."
"When I see a Russian video on Youtube"
"When my friend and his ex both show up to a party"
"Jesus Christ. JESUS CHRIST!1!!!!!!1"
"This is why I think Reddit hates grammatical errors."
"I don't even know what I'm typing into Google Images anymore."
"Oh Grass..."
"When I realize I'm the only one in my house"
"Hardcore."
"Met a fellow Redditor at a party"
"How to dealing with annoying people"
"Remember..."
"Just Remember "
"Remember..."
"It only takes four muscles..."
"Always remember!"
"On the toilet after my first cup of joe"
"TIL What I look like when I orgasm (fiancee held hand mirror up during sex)"
"NOPE"
"Fuck This Shit [Home Run!]"
"Louis CK on Flogging the Log"
"Still a better love story than Twilight."
"haunted house in winter and summer"
"Romney and family celebrate the nomination with smart T-shirts... oh wait!"
"&quot;No guys its Romney!&quot;"
"Another Rmoney Opps"
"I'm just sayin..."
"Reading '50 Shades Of Grey' and..."
"How I feel when I see posts titled &quot;Look who I found under my staircase&quot;"
"Whenever I see a Facebook screen cap argument on this subreddit."
"Reading r/funny today  I find myself asking this question..."
"When my 3 year old tells me my 8 week old wants to watch a movie..."
"Come on guys  enough with the toes."
"Is it just a hunt for karma?"
"Picard on eagles."
"When my roommates say  &quot;Pulling another all nighter tonight.&quot; during finals week."
"Why  just why"
"If I could just take care of this itch...."
"Almost there..."
"Close enough"
"Sadly.. many of us find this true"
"You're... not quite a wizard."
"Mirror-shot from 1918"
"How I feel when my roommate finally shows me something awesome"
"Try Out My New Box?"
"Jesus responds to Giorgio A Tsoukalos."
"If Jesus returned today  this is what he'd say..."
"We're god to exist  his response to atheism would be as such."
"What Christians REALLY mean when they say &quot;I'll pray for you&quot; and they are losing an argument or if they know you are not Christian..."
"How Americans REALLY feel about Sweden  Europe  Africa  Whogivesafuckastan"
"Whenever someone post a screen shot of their text conversation."
"When a girl says everything is &quot;fine&quot;"
"I haven't laughed so hard in a long time..."
"Reddit has a lot in common with nature."
"Reddit has a lot in common with nature. (X-post from r/gifs)"
"Reddit has a lot...fuck it here is the repost. (x-post of the x-post to someplace on reddit."
"Took this today at the Phx Zoo"
"Just an adolescent monkey feeding a baby tiger"
"Did they just become best friends? I think so."
"Drink up little tyke."
"A baby chimp bottle feeding a baby tiger."
"A baby chimp bottle feeding a baby tiger"
"toooo cute"
"This made me awww too much"
"Just found this on Facebook. D'aww"
"So many Aww's"
"Ewok"
"Ewok"
"What is Love?"
"How I feel today..."
"Curious bird  he kept following the camera whenever I tried to take a picture of a another bird. XD [OC] [720 x 960]"
"WTF of the year  handsdown."
"When I'm watching my parents use the computer"
"when i messaged someone looking for an 'intimate encounter' on PoF"
"When a girl I like complains about her scumbag boyfriend."
"Me  when I was deleted from my long time friend's facebook after he was recently baptized."
"As a redditor  how I feel when someone posts that &quot;Nathon Fillion can't respond&quot; gif because they think it makes them seem witty"
"My reaction when my mother casually tells me she's going on a European vacation with my ex-step-father."
"How I feel as a lady trying to tell about my past fapping experiences in a way that's not to...distracting."
"When I heard Todd Akin's theories about rape"
"Can I get a source on this? (sorry if there's a reddit for this  can't find it)"
"When boss starts typing &quot;www.&quot; in Google search"
"Watching favorite team play football when girlfriend says  &quot;Why wouldn't your favorite team just be the one that wins the most?&quot;"
"Debating on passing the joint or finishing it off. (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"Whenever I try and share my opinion on reddit"
"Carl  when Rick threw his dog food."
"When I'm overwhelmed with the amount of ignorance in my FB news feed  and I know responding will do no good."
"I Really hope he gets better."
"I don't think he's gonna get better any time soon."
"Thinking Positively"
"America. . . ."
"So this is a show now..."
"Why Buy Dog Food?"
"Conversations Between Browsers!"
"IE would have googly eyes."
"A more accurate depiction of Internet Explorer."
"&quot;And I say your three cent titanium tax doesn't go too far enough.&quot;"
"How I felt during the debate tonight."
"The presidential debate tonight"
"Me whenever my mom made breakfast for dinner"
"The Jason Bourne of children"
"Hmmm...I think they're breaking up."
"I wish I had a penis"
"Breast or legs (fb)"
"Rushing to find something good for your Cake Day"
"Going to get more toilet paper after realizing I'm out mid-poo. [FIXED]"
"When the phone rings while you’re on the toilet"
"HIFW I realize I ran out of toilet paper"
"my efforts for reaching the front pag"
"Cats might be cute  but their tongues are fucking creepy!"
"It's not rocket Science . . ."
"The very last picture of a Russian bombsquad"
"Whenever a website starts auto playing music.[Fixed]"
"With too many tabs open and one starts auto-playing music/video..."
"whenever a camper kills me in COD this is all i can think of."
"Condescending Amstell"
"You're doing it wrong"
"Extreme anal SFW."
"Cute kitten enjoying what cute kittens enjoy most."
"Meet fluffy"
"LA Lakers General Manager"
"Dumpster babies"
"Lazy Walt Disney cartoonists"
"So I was doing some research on the Chernobyl disaster when I found THIS little guy"
"Wtf Chernobyl..."
"RAWR! (chernobyl effects)"
"just missed the cut for r/aww"
"Kill it  Kill it with fir... It has wings! RUNNN!!"
"My reaction to r/mildlyinteresting."
"Irish Girl Sunbathing"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"Irish girl sunbathing... No not her"
"Irish Girl Sunbathing"
"When the sun comes out in Ireland it should be national holiday"
"No  not her..the other one"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"I don't get it?.... Ohhh"
"If You're Irish  You Understand."
"Awkward swinger party is awkward"
"Election night party gets wild"
"This changes everything..."
"Throne of Games (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Throne of Games"
"Throne of Games"
"Heads up people  he's about to make this bitch clap."
"We all know that one guy at parties..."
"Party hard!"
"Headbanging"
"I broke 100 Karma today!"
"Party Hard"
"CAT PARTY!!!!!!!"
"i can't look at this gif without laughing my ass off every time"
"Party Hard!"
"Is it html5?"
"How to tell if it's HTML5"
"Nooooooooooooope nope nope nope"
"NO NO NO NO..."
"HOLY SHIT NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"He needs to meet the walrus."
"TTTTTTTTTTTUUUUUUUUUBBBBBBBEEEEEEEEE"
"When I find an empty roll of wrapping paper"
"What I imagine sex must be like"
"What I imagine when I see people fighting on the internet"
"My niece and a monkey. They do NOT trust each other."
"Why are orgasims like opinions?"
"&quot;Not really no&quot;"
"That's the spirit"
"Shiiiiiiiiiit"
"We don't know  therefore Bombsite B."
"Mt. Rushmore From The Canadian Side"
"Judge Williams"
"Too soon?"
"Chivalry."
"Still one of my favorite pictures on the internet."
"Teddy bears protect you while you sleep."
"Teddy the protector."
"Damn it harry"
"And the WTF costume of the year just popped up on my fb feed."
"This costume takes some dedication..."
"Who in the right mind.... (x/post from r/trees)"
"How I feel when most of the frontpage is from /aww"
"What was that?! [gif]"
"Head lick"
"In the fifth  your ass goes down"
"Colorado Springs fire (xpost r/pics) [765x1024]"
"Colorado Springs is on fire (xpost r/pics) [pic]"
"Colorado Springs  CO. 11/7/1012"
"You deserve it!"
"I'm Bored"
"Reddit WTF Material."
"Reddit Material"
"Reddit Material"
"Unfriendzoned !"
"Meanwhile at Reddit HQ after Obama AMA"
"My fist attempt to work with a gif. Bonus: its also my reaction to the results."
"You have to love Halloween."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"How I feel when the high kicks in..."
"Me to my gf during no shave November..."
"I...I don't know what to say [NSFW]"
"For my cakeday  I present to you the most WTF gif I've ever seen. NSFW"
"When My Professor Assigns &quot;Optional&quot; Reading."
"Took my last university midterm today - this is how it went (more or less)."
"About book introductions"
"How I feel heading to classes knowing I haven't bought my textbooks yet"
"Which one seems unnatural now?"
"So this popped up on my Facebook newsfeed...."
"Fucking Poop."
"Popped up on my facebook"
"This was on my newsfeed... seems pretty reasonable to me!"
"(X-post via /r/funny) This was on my newsfeed... seems pretty reasonable to me!"
"Signal boost. I'm gonna be sending a LOT of weird porn to Westboro Baptist Church."
"Freedom of speech.?"
"Alright  let's see of we can get 4chan in on this."
"Taking a stand against Westboro Baptist Church.(Credit No Hope for Human Race FB page) NSFW"
"I figured this would be the best place to get this some exposure and stir up some shit."
"We need to make this happen!"
"F**k you Westboro Baptist Church"
"I didnt know where to post this but i think ill do this."
"Man your battle stations  tonight  WE GO TO WAR!"
"For America!"
"Those shits won't give up will they!!"
"I saw this on Facebook  I think we should help"
"I feel like Reddit would do some good here."
"This is the most technologically ahead-of-its-time movie ever made."
"This has to be seen by everyone!"
"A Very Early and Very Terrifying Christmas to you all."
"You spelled &quot;You&quot; wrong"
"Jesus Use Me  by the Faith Tones - the worst album cover ever. Go ahead  stare at it. Which one  if you had to?"
"Okay  now don't everybody go rushing to the record store all at once"
"I feel strongly that if you see this  your day will be at least a tiny bit better."
"My kind of rodeo."
"Reminded too much of Benny Hill..."
"I prefer this Rodeo"
"Pedobear has some competition."
"How I felt as a kid when my crazy Aunt would make her annual visit"
"That one creepy uncle at Thanksgiving"
"The Original Pedobear"
"The Original Pedo Bear"
"Questionable Ewok"
"Zombie proof river house  would you live here?"
"Owned."
"There's always swag in the banana stand"
"How I retaliate when someone tries to steal my spotlight."
"Every time I make the mistake of viewing newly submitted links in /r/funny"
"How I feel when I browse /new"
"The Greatest Thread [x-post from /r/funny]"
"The Greatest Threat to the Whole of Western Civilization (x-post r/funny)"
"The greatest threat to western civilization. (xpost from r/funny)"
"So Chris Brown has a tattoo of a beaten up woman on his neck... He's obviously apologetic"
"Chris browns new tattoo"
"But it wasn't a rock..."
"Get Down With The Sickness"
"CPR for the Laymen"
"This is how i was taught it"
"CPR for dummies."
"One must relinquish all desire to obtain enlightenment..."
"Good Guy Imgur Random. Best gif ever."
"&quot;Observe how the llama chews her meals...&quot;"
"Condescending Llama don't play that shit"
"For years  this still makes me laugh uncontrollably."
"My reaction when I see a girl smiling at me."
"This gif gave me strange feelings."
"Me trying to look good when I see a cute girl"
"That moment when you remember you left a soda in the freezer"
"Whenever dudes hear a girls voice join their XBOX Live game."
"My reaction when somebody says evolution isn't true"
"When I hear my name mentioned nearby.."
"Pretty much anytime i'm eating and someone says something gross"
"when I realize it's my cake day"
"I joined reddit just to share this"
"When the phone rings at lunch"
"Harder... NOT SO HARD!"
"Let me show you the steel of my people"
"BIIIIIIIIIICH"
"My Face Each Morning During Allergy Season"
"Best 'deal with it' I've seen yet."
"Fuck the Police"
"I hope you'll find this as useful as I have."
"Today is a very special day"
"On October 3rd  he asked me what day it was."
"On October 3rd he asked me what day it was"
"On October 3rd  he asked me what day it was"
"GUYS GUYS. IT'S OCTOBER 3RD. [Mean Girls]"
"Guess what day it is?"
"R-AWWWW-RRR"
"Bath time? No no no no no."
"Maximum Overload"
"RAAAWR!"
"RAAAWR! (xpost from r/aww)"
"My boyfriend's sense of humor..."
"Fantasy Football anyone? Wait... What?"
"This made me laugh more than it should have."
"I googled how to quit reddit"
"Finally! A Way to Quit Reddit!"
"A dog that has an idea what he's doing."
"FEUER FREI !!"
"RIP Nyan Cat"
"Pseudo-Ghost Ride FTW"
"My favorite prank"
"They see me (t)rollin'  they hatin'"
"Do the Bandicoot"
"Crash Bandicoot Dance"
"Company Picnic Today  Water Pong is one of our games. My friend is prepared."
"When a girl starts to do better than me at a videogame(x-post funny)"
"Shit just got real. (x/post from r/funny)"
"You said what about my mother?"
"Playtime"
"Every time I see someone on the other team playing the same champion as me..."
"Has science gone too far?"
"Internet ads have finally gone to far"
"Gentle giant."
"The best cat-toy"
"This is what I most want re-released in HD with online multiplayer"
"Would anyone else like to see a sequel to this game?"
"Bring this to PSN already! EA  we know you love money. You could have mine"
"Dude that's totally aweso...wut?"
"The cutest thing ever!"
"Soon... (when you see it)"
"Recovery Rest for the Little Guy"
"So cute but so"
"Just another day on the farm."
"mouse"
"This is how to play Scout."
"this is what played in my head"
"what happens to most things on r/new"
"Every time i overeat."
"when I eat someone else's food in my house"
"Taking in the view"
"poke her face"
"You can't read it  but you can poke it"
"You can't read it  but you can poke it"
"Scary creatures of the sea."
"I'm sure there is some kind of scientific taxonomy for this species  but as far as I'm concerned this is a Dick Fish."
"Kitty Swanson"
"Back to class after lunch."
"That Wednesday at work feeling.. - Imgur"
"seduction... you are doing this right!"
"Sheikh it  baby!"
"How I felt getting my raise today!"
"killing_floor.gif"
"He really appreciates the singer..."
"McDonald's in Follansbee  WVa decided to celebrate the election today."
"Repost from r/politics  This is the McDonalds in Follansbee  WV. I get being upset Romney lost  but no need to be disrespectful!"
"Follansbee  WV McDonald's after the election results."
"I see you neighbor taking the election hard  and I raise you McDonald's taking it hard."
"Meanwhile  in West Viriginia..."
"McDonalds in Follansbee  WV this morning after the election. WTF?"
"Googled slender man and was not disappointed."
"Nathan Fillions Halloween costume is... Patriotic"
"Captain &quot;Tight Pants&quot; Canuck"
"Cute li'l Stinker"
"This cat finely illustrates my attitude of life right now"
"Go ahead"
"So I don't post here but saw this on my news feed."
"Cool Sub-Zero fight with Neo"
"I'll save you!"
"Reddit Space Program"
"My friend left her reddit account signed in on my computer  so here is a picture of an asain man licking another asain man's cheek(SFW)"
"wtf??"
"Oh Asia"
"The traditional  east asian  way to end a press conference."
"Oh he must be gay"
"The more you see it...."
"Woah"
"On the way home  I meta man taking pictures."
"I wish I had this as a child/my children will have this."
"If you really loved your children..."
"bitching about the elections?"
"Romney and Obama behind the scenes before the first presidential debate"
"you don't need that shit"
"Oh  you have a boyfriend?"
"Ronald isn't to happy..."
"Ronald McDonald on a bad day"
"every time my gf brings me home the cheaper brand version of what i asked for"
"Ronald McDonald on a bad day."
"For my cakeday  here is my favorite gif"
"So it is my cakeday  searched Funny gif. Was not dissapointed."
"Supreme ruler franchise is not pleased."
"If you start me up... If you start me up  I'll never stop... [gif]"
"How they sharpen pencils at the factory."
"This is the ACTUAL all time top post in r/gif"
"I just keep watching it"
"I could watch this all day [fixed]"
"Clone wars"
"They see me rollin'..."
"Now I know y'all be lovin this shit right here."
"10 guy and his koala return"
"Never take a lollypop from a baby"
"Touch the rainbow"
"Let's touch the rainb...oh god."
"That tickles!"
"Yo  touch the rainbow [gif] (fixed)"
"Touch the rainbow"
"The future starts now!"
"don't worry  I got this."
"When a cop pulls up next to me whether I'm breaking the law or not."
"How can you even function?!"
"This is one hell of a production crew."
"Black people hip thrusting... Ohhhh yeahhhh"
"Awesome Production crew is Awesome.(x-post from /r/funny)"
"This is bound to make your day"
"This is one hell of a production crew"
"How I imagine every college student on the last day of finals week."
"Everyone subscribed to this subreddit in a gif"
"This remains one of my favorite gifs of all time."
"My favorite gif ever"
"X-post from r/atheism since everyone should enjoy this..."
"It's my Cake Day... Your karma...."
"Karma!"
"How I feel after being told by multiple people &quot;you're a great guy  you'll find the right girl in time&quot;"
"My thoughts when my wife &quot;teases me&quot; during sexy time."
"wut."
"Massive gallery of Halloween costumes from Reddit last year. Can't wait to see what people post this year!"
"To all you guys"
"How I felt listening to Jack White of the White Stripes and I.C.P. covering Mozart."
"Team iLuminate placed 3rd on AGT?!"
"Slender Man gone Gangnam Style"
"Another form of ghetto pool."
"Found this on facebook today..."
"Best use of YOLO I have ever seen"
"&quot;Student threw sandwich across class screaming YOLO&quot;"
"This yolo thing has gone too far.."
"This is one of my friends detention slips..."
"Dat ass..."
"All in the name of fashion"
"I saw this on yahoo."
"&quot;Scary Beautiful&quot;"
"Seriously????"
"Taking highheels to another level?"
"How I feel being in my mid to upper 20s on r/trees"
"How I feel living with a religious family."
"smooth"
"smooth"
"smooth"
"I just.. I don't even..."
"My first shot at this. I felt.. inspired."
"Snoop Dogg Millionaire"
"All answers are correct..."
"Why would someone use an umbrella?"
"He better get this right (x/post from imgoingtohellforthis  have no idea why the hell it was there)"
"The Breakdown (xPsych)"
"The Official Reddit T-Shirt"
"Oh baby! I'm gonna. . ."
"never going to eat bread again"
"Dancing pug dances like no one is looking"
"Well I guess its better?"
"How they tested body armor in 1923"
"Testing a bulletproof vest in 1923"
"Testing a bulletproof vest in 1923"
"History Channel: Ancient Humans"
"Who killed the Queen...?"
"Asian Halloween"
"My Asian friend just posted this on this on his facebook."
"asian pumpkin"
"To everybody who posts cat pictures:"
"When someone tells me they are color blind"
"Paranoid cat is paranoid"
"My reaction to my nephews whenever they &quot;try&quot; and kill me"
"My dog with all the fireworks outside."
"These guys are the reason myself and many others had an awesome childhood  we all miss what you were"
"Soccer Fail"
"I'm not into soccer  but this is pretty damn funny."
"Happy 94th birthday  Nelson Mandela!"
"I hate going to hardcore shows because everybody dances like this"
"Fuck!"
"When my girlfriend says she wants to talk and I'm high"
"When I accidentally close reddit when looking at a link on the 6th page..."
"Turning down a girl who eventually got hot"
"When my professor said there would be a 15 page essay in the class."
"When food falls off my fork right before I take a mouthful."
"This gets me every time."
"Close Call.."
"Like A Boss."
"Too much Gangsta for one picture."
"When people ask me why I downvote top posts"
"Most epic squirrel ever."
"Bunny gets busy with balloon"
"These two ended up above/below each other like this on my facebook feed- thought it was suit them well"
"Look who got the last laugh after all."
"Who's unemployed now?"
"not Big Bird. Ain't no one fuck wit B-Bird"
"Bear Grylls enjoying a nice meal at 25 000 feet [1600x1237]"
"THIS IS FOR ALL YOUR DOWNVOTES!"
"I laughed a bit too hard at this."
"I laugh every time..."
"Supplies!"
"Supplies!"
"North Koreans now have a first lady!"
"You'd think I would've picked up on the pattern by now."
"Sexy jiggle"
"Boink!"
"Unfortunate Children (...because watching kids get hurt is funny)"
"Heads up!"
"DAT JIGGLE"
"The fuck is this?"
"Spooked cat is spooked."
"Forever Alone  Level: Easter Bunny"
"I'm no longer allowed near my daughter's coloring books."
"BOOM! Headshot!"
"How it feels almost reaching the front page."
"Time for nature facts!"
"Everyone should know this"
"This guy has the mind of a God."
"walking out after finishing my last final"
"When my first post got 100 upvotes"
"How my girlfriend said she felt trying 'cowgirl' for the first time"
"Ah! The sweet whispers of love..."
"Talk dirty to me"
"You Never Know."
"How I feel about all the &quot;working&quot; people posting about how they feel about college students posting about how they feel about 8 am classes"
"Me  when someone posts a LPT."
"My reaction to people's posts introducing their pets to Reddit."
"Want boobies? Why not Zoidberg?"
"9-11 24-7"
"Stop 9-11 bulling"
"Discovering r/reactiongifs at 3 am before an exam"
"Repost on the front page  you say? DEER ROCKET ATTACK GO"
"This may have been posted before  but I just discovered it today and it's one of the cooler gifs I've seen."
"I probably would have burned to death"
"comic"
"Poor Johnny"
"Favorite cyanide and happiness comic"
"Its about to be uh  burr fight"
"Saw this on my FB wall... I have no comment."
"What my cat will be wearing this Halloween"
"This just showed up in my newsfeed...go Obama?"
"Sometimes people post worthwile things on Facebook"
"Sometimes people do post worthwhile things on facebook"
"Japanese wrestling... love it."
"Quality Japanese wrestling."
"Its a X-Post from R/WTF  thats all you need to know."
"How I picture a single guys apartment"
"Cooking level: College Student"
"Bubble rings"
"He'd be doing something everyday!"
"So  a meteor is crashing towards Earth..."
"A meteor is crashing towards earth..."
"If Romeo and Juliet were on Facebook"
"Shakespearean Graffiti"
"The King of Tacos - Bacon taco"
"Bacon taco shell."
"How i feel downvoting the obama ama post."
"Whenever i think i have something good to post on reddit."
"Just a photo of a bad-ass shark. That's all."
"The Ultimate Survivor (one of my favourite images)"
"Just a super fluffy rabbit..."
"Just found out that these little guys exist. They're called Angora Rabbits."
"Chuck Norris may have just lost some redditors' love..."
"Sniping kittens"
"When someone says weed is bad for you... (favorite ent btw)"
"Boobs!.. or i move him closer [SFW]"
"Ramen noodle soup  finally truth in advertising"
"My favourite!"
"This cracks me up every time"
"leedle leedle leedle leedle leedle"
"Hey.. Hey you. I heard you like cats."
"&quot;hashshshaashshshaaashmmmp&quot;"
"hashshshaashshshaaashmmmp[FIXED]"
"Barack Obama on the importance of separation of church and state"
"Obama on the separation of church and state"
"Obama's logic can also apply to gay marriage..."
"Obama on religion and abortions"
"F*ck the police"
"Some seagulls just want to watch the world burn."
"Like a boss."
"Reason #3.14: never ever having a reason to need this"
"Who knew humans had started reproducing like this?"
"The Worst Torture Imaginable"
"Chill the fuck out about the ice soap"
"Reddit lately..."
"Reddit on memes"
"Netflix executives after removing Arrested Development from Watch Instantly"
"Whenever I try to change pants without taking off my shoes."
"Immediately after selecting a thief on Final Fantasy I"
"Trying to graduate from college in 2 weeks and I just started watching Arrested Development"
"My feelings after being the first one to comment on a friend's engagement status change"
"Just now finding out that the olympic Google doodles have been playable games"
"How I feel right after writing a &quot;Truth Is&quot; status on Facebook"
"HOW DOES THIS EVEN HAPPEN?"
"Not The Milk!!"
"dear athetits "
"Definitive Proof."
"America Personified"
"Happy 4th of July Reddit"
"Happy 4th fellow Pawneeans! Remember: America is the only country that matters. If you want to experience other 'cultures'  use an atlas or a ham radio."
"What it felt like when I realized my Cake Day was on the 4th of July"
"Googled &quot;America Gif&quot; Fuck Yea!!"
"READY FOR YOU TO TUCK ME IN!"
"Meet the mods!"
"How I felt reaching 1000 comment karma with a Zoolander 'for ants' comment."
"The Importance of Eyebrows"
"Eyebrows are more important than you think."
"Eyebrows' a must!"
"Skanku"
"Tosh has spoken!"
"Tosh on gays (repost from r/funny)"
"How to tie a tie: The Lovecraft"
"The Lovecraft"
"All I need to do now is buy 10 ties."
"My Halloween costume"
"Scumbag America tackling hacking scandals"
"Swag or.."
"10 yo boy is taken hostage in Rio de Janeiro"
"Slide to unlock"
"Repost. Sorry but this dog is fucking cute"
"Probably the most terrifying  but strangely arousing tattoo ever...NSFW"
"Only after a long day"
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"Moo"
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?!"
"This is worth the click. Trust me."
"do you even lift?"
"this cow"
"Moo."
"I'm 12 and what is this?"
"Whale demonstrates"
"After 2 yrs unemployed  a 2 hr interview  and I start Monday."
"He's sexy and he knows it"
"Meanwhile in Norway"
"Meanwhile  in Norway."
"Did she turn into The Hulk the night before?"
"Shit."
"Growing up..."
"Prom..."
"If I only had a heart..."
"And now I have a heart."
"Get to know your family tree  in one of the best infographics I've ever seen (xpost /r dataisbeautiful)"
"What it feels like commenting on a front page post."
"How I view trying to get to the front page."
"Food fight!"
"SMACK"
"Well. I thought it would be fun."
"New way to enjoy your coffee [640x424]"
"An edible coffee cup"
"It's lying!"
"How I imagine Apple fanboys will be this week."
"Red Lobster Biscuts"
"Before heading over to a girl's place..."
"Obama  Jay-Z and Beyonce. Just a nice photo."
"Mah nigga"
"A few people just chattin'"
"Imagine the conversation"
"Jay Z just posted this on FB"
"Just you know...Jay-Z  Beyonce and Obama hanging out"
"Jay-Z Beyonce  and... Barack Obama"
"This is why I love the Robot Mafia"
"The Oculus Yacht."
"Angry bird boat is angry."
"After a week of RAGING  this was the final result."
"Accidentally stayed up watching The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo."
"Whenever I watch a porno that runs for less than 5 minutes..."
"My thoughts after watching Requiem for a Dream for the first time..."
"How it felt watching porn for the first time"
"Me every time I take shots..."
"I visited the Taipei 101 towers last week  I was impressed..."
"15 000 upvotes in about 1 hour of Obama's AMA"
"the urge to poop after eating Chinese buffet"
"My reaction to Handlebars by Flobots"
"Pretended to be a Republican to date a conservative girl  then being invited to an Ann Coulter book signing for a second date."
"Every time I play Tetris..."
"Whenever I fast forward the first 30 seconds of a porno"
"Holy fuck! Fuck! Jesus No! [nsfa]"
"Welcome to australia"
"Land of opportunity"
"Every time I try to Cage someone it turns into an abomination  but this might be my worst..."
"KarmasturaLap"
"I think I'll light my pubes on fire  that seems like a good idea. (NSFW)"
"Not a huge Peter Pan fan  but that is awesome"
"Internet  why have you done this to me?"
"The glittery dress was an apt touch... [gif]"
"Just going to leave this here"
"Gif I found on DeviantArt"
"fuck the system"
"Nun!"
"james. JAMES!!!"
"Wife is expecting.This is why i need it to be a boy.[gif]"
"Made my first Gif Sound. I'm pretty proud."
"Little brother is having none of your kumbaya shit"
"get out the way."
"Bitch didn't move."
"Cha Cha again"
"A question I've found myself pondering of late."
"Makes you wonder"
"Silly Japan."
"What in the actual fuck?!?!?!?!?!?"
"Um what?"
"Woah woah  okay you win."
"This guy's profile pic really throws me off..."
"This guy's profile pic is really throwing me off."
"What you see is not what you get."
"I walk downstairs this morning to my cat like this..."
"My god  Iggy...what happened?"
"The detective brothers  Platypus 1 and 2"
"This picture always makes me laugh"
"Oh Flanders..."
"Nic don't need a Cage[x-post from WTF]"
"Wtf Nicholas Cage"
"fuck this..."
"This would have made Face Off far better"
"Nicholas Cage evolves"
"Ready? Go go go!!"
"Baby polar bear  so adorable."
"Knut at the Cantina"
"How I imagine it feels to get over a thousand upvotes."
"How I imagine it feels to get over ten upvotes."
"After three years of college  this is what a home-cooked meal feels like."
"When I try to eat a powdered doughnut"
"Scarface's real empire was in something else..."
"Still one of the best lines from The Office."
"&quot;If I had two bullets...&quot;"
"My favorite television relationship"
"another great office moment"
"&quot;If I had two bullets...&quot;"
"Gale-Force Winds Directly to the Face"
"Easter is cancelled"
"Ne?ko"
"The Elevator KG Sign Needs To Be Attached"
"Dear Diary...."
"White &amp; Nerdy"
"These kids are so black  they ain't paying no child support!"
"They haven't realized yet!"
"They haven't realized it yet!"
"Christmas is coming  here's my present to you reddit"
"Christmas Cat from r/funny"
"And on the 7th day  God said &quot;let all men get laid&quot;"
"Stay classy  Tennessee."
"How I feel when someone reposts my shit."
"Hugs?"
"TINY MONKEY!"
"PLEASED TO MEET YOU"
"omg! look at all the cameltoe! (in multitude  at that)"
"I don't need to sleep anyways."
"Guess I never need to sleep again ..."
"So I heard Reddit likes Austrailia."
"Just where pimples come from..."
"Robin Skrilliams"
"This is a picture of a cellist playing a concert for bears."
"Cuz  you know. .. . .. . ..bear dig that sort of shit."
"Classic Zach (x-post from r/funny)"
"Farming [not op]"
"100% No-Doubt Definitive Baroo"
"So I was looking for a new hair style today and stumbled upon this..."
"Where is Venus?"
"Those bastards!"
"&quot;Dave is so drunk  this is gonna be great&quot;"
"Can't imagine what he did to piss all these people off."
"As a Jets fan  how I'll feel if this Tebow trade actually does go through"
"You assholes!"
"W-What is this I don't even"
"Coincidence? (x-post from r/geek)"
"Internet Explorer has been turning people into homicidal maniacs..."
"Beware of IE 10. (X-post from /r/dataisbeautiful)"
"The Golden Ratio Proportion."
"My face every time I see drugs being talked about on Facebook."
"Whenever an ad online asks if I would like to share it with my friends"
"Civilized People Watching Fox News"
"New version downvote fan"
"Whenever I see someone reposting something from the front page"
"My reaction when Mike Hill of ESPN radio said that the perfect game is baseball is no longer relevant after Felix Hernandez throws the 23rd in MLB history."
"[HIFW] People use memes in this subreddit"
"When someone posts &quot;their favorite gif of all time&quot;"
"WTF is this!"
"Cattail Nubs"
"I have no idea what this is and I dont know if I want to know."
"I'll take the baby head  please."
"What a cute little doggy..."
"What do we have here?"
"How to fix a boring sweater."
"Just a pic of Leonard Nimoy and Adam West playing the drums."
"Adam West and Leonard Nimoy"
"I realize there was something similar submitted earlier  but my sister made this  in an even more awesome style"
"Fifty Shades of Grey &quot;Official&quot; Poster"
"Bound to be a great movie"
"NSFK- Not Safe For Kitty"
"Awesome! Free cable."
"How I feel reading about the new iPhone 5."
"I'd buy it."
"I see your most British picture and raise you the most Mexican picture ever."
"68 years ago."
"Courage does not mean they weren't scared  it means they went in anyway"
"So close  Johnny"
"Super slow-mo lightening strike."
"Slow Motion Lightning"
"That was some awesome lightning"
"Lightning"
"You are being monitored"
"Nope."
"We don't like your kind around here"
"When people ask why I'm always on the computer and not outside playing  I send them this"
"Still better than I am at soccer"
"Gone to market"
"Come on! This isn't helping!!"
"Breaking news from the Colorado fires"
"How we in Colorado Springs react to wildfires."
"Everyone is doing their part to help..."
"People  stop ejaculating in the road. It's probably not helping."
"Fire isn't funny  but closed captioning is"
"Firefighters have a really tough job."
"I knew things were bad in Colorado  but not THIS bad..."
"Things in Colorado have gone from bad to worse."
"In the midst of fire  people keeping their priorities straight..."
"Ta-da!!"
"FABULOUS!!!"
"You can be anything that you wana be!"
"He Doesn't Even Go Here!"
"The Perfect Counter Protest for October 3rd"
"He does have a point..."
"This was on imgurs facebook page what in the actual F**K"
"Nope  not now."
"What I imagine when watching football"
"Just a guy walking his pet."
"Another childhood memory ruined by Cracked"
"Right in the Childhood"
"Like a sir"
"How I feel waking up on Mondays."
"Best.Cosplay.Ever. (QWOP)"
"I see what you did there."
"I can't believe I'm just getting this..."
"we'll leave it to the judges"
"I got an upvote?!"
"its a dance party! combine with http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGjk_6KuYdo"
"Do the mess around!"
"When I dress formally..."
"Me when I walk into the club"
"Going to a party as a freshman."
"How I look every time I go to a party..."
"Shove off Malfoy."
"This is why you should wear your seatbelt."
"My experience with Firefox after using Chrome."
"The safest SUV in the world"
"Came across this last night"
"German Kitty watermelon"
"0 f*cks"
"Ambassador Stevens being removed from the Benghazi embassy by attackers"
"Is this legit: Picture of the killed US Ambassador to Libya."
"this is hard to look at - ambassador chris stevens killed and paraded around in Libya"
"US ambassador J. Christopher Stevens's body [NSFW/NSFL]"
"Dead ambassador  Christopher Stevens  from the Libyan raid yesterday"
"Ambassador Christopher Stevens"
"Assassin Numero Uno [gif]"
"Get out of my head!"
"Mindfuck"
"Your brain deceives you"
"soooo trippy. difficult to see what's REALLY there"
"Downhill"
"the new Hitlerbook"
"&quot;You're a walking turn-on&quot;"
"THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER I LOVE EVERYONE"
"Fruit and Veggie Owl"
"A Fruit Sculpture of an Owl"
"Gallagher's Arch Nemesis"
"I choose you Pikachu Kitty!"
"I choose you kitty"
"Pikachu Kitten"
"no thunderstones for you!"
"Saw this on Facebook  I hope this is the right place."
"get to the choppa......."
"Meow Monster"
"Meow Monster. (x-post from r/gifs.)"
"How I felt when I found out somebody has disallowed me from viewing their Facebook updates."
"My reaction when I realized people were upvoting my post because they thought it meant the opposite of what I had intended"
"Whenever someone links me Gangnam Style"
"No  not quite"
"INCORRECT!"
"Seljalandsfoss Falls  Iceland"
"One ring to ruin them all."
"This popped up on my FB newsfeed"
"Funniest GifSound I've ever encountered"
"Hubba Hubba"
"the chicken or the egg?"
"When raising your child..."
"Dafuq did I just read?"
"I really don't understand the appeal of Fifty Shades of Grey (an excerpt)"
"What did I just read?"
"WTF Americans?"
"While the rest of the world is making smaller  more fuel efficient cars  FORD does this"
"Ooooooooh  SHIT"
"This little black cat is waiting for someone to take her home..."
"Saw it and knew this was where it belongs"
"The Dapper Kitten [X-post from /r/aww]"
"Downvoting a comment already below the score threshold."
"when i realize i missed my cake day"
"Just came home from my first workday of 2012."
"As a brit i feel [fixed]"
"How I feel about all these &quot;Facebook Gold&quot; posts."
"Over the past year  I have learned something about Redditors' cake-days."
"The sad  sad effect of religion."
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"That really got out of hand fast."
"This has gone too far"
"On my feed right now..."
"Really?"
"This popped up on my news feed... I guess likes are pretty desirable nowadays"
"When the Candy Man can't get a loan  he gets desperate"
"Tickle Tickle Tickle!"
"The women in my ex's family were all...."
"Can we have a serious conversation on how these were supposed to be used?"
"Just a picture of a retarded lion."
"A Tiger with Downs Syndrome (xpost from /r/askscience)"
"Derp Tiger"
"I don't think that means what you think it means... (X-post from /r/pics)"
"LOCK UP YOUR DAUGHTERS!"
"Lock Up Your Daughters! A young boy accepts a trophy at the third annual Malmesbury Abbey Skate Competition."
"Move it on up!"
"Cooky"
"One of Hitler's less well-known speeches..."
"I'm transferring to a public high school in the US and my new counselor just recommended I take their bible class"
"How people react when I tell them I'm from Barbados (I'm white)"
"Eat your waffles in style."
"Louis Vuitton Waffle Iron by Andrew Lewicki (http://www.andrewlewicki.com)"
"What happens when you put mentos in beer"
"Reaction"
"Oh rabbit  you so silly"
"Who all seen da leprechaun say yeahhhhh!"
"Burn!"
"What the British mean..."
"Who IS a good boy?"
"Who is the good boy?"
"I'll just leave this here."
"Hotdog"
"Bun puppy (Classic)"
"They told me I could be anything."
"Best costume this year. 65&quot; colored TV"
"Best costume this year. 65&quot; colored TV"
"Best costume this year. 65&quot; colored TV."
"Got this as a txt message. My boy has 10 of those 65&quot; LED TV's for $200 if u want one Let me know asap. Here's a pic of the model at best buy"
"Baby manatee?! Awww."
"This Song Really Does Make Everything Better"
"Looking through my high school yearbook"
"Fuck you and Fuck you and Fuck you..."
"How I feel browsing new"
"Decided to check r/new."
"You must pay in puddin pops"
"Freddie Mercury"
"Freddie Mercury riding Darth Vader [SFW]"
"Beautiful performer  Singer  and musician. Happy birthday  Freddie Mercury. Rock misses you."
"One of the single greatest things I've ever seen"
"Thank god!! It finally arrived!!"
"Jewolverine"
"Yummy yummy Nutella"
"Hey guys  I found some Atheist Chocolate for us!"
"How it feels when I lose an argument."
"What really goes on in the South Pole..."
"This is how my sister treats me"
"Still my favourite gif"
"SLAP!Pinguine got a bad day..."
"When you see a post in &quot;New&quot; already with downvotes"
"Intelligent Design"
"Oh  the irony"
"So I stepped outside today and instantly wanted to..."
"Me when I finish my last final."
"That's One High Horse"
"When you are in school and you accidently touch a piece of gum under your desk."
"When I touch a doorknob in a public bathroom and it's wet"
"When I touch the bathroom doorknob and it is wet"
"My reaction to ugly people thinking &quot;they're sexy and they know it&quot;"
"The feeling I get when I open a NSFW link from r/WTF."
"75% of Reddit users faces after seeing the latest F'd up feet pictures."
"Can You Believe This Shit?!"
"I am so cool."
"And the bartender said &quot;Why the long face?&quot;!"
"i saw this as i was browsing facebook. the caption says  &quot;Not the ones speaking the same language  but the ones sharing the same feeling understand each other.&quot;"
"Deep Sea Hatchetfish A.K.A. the Fish That Will Eat Your Soul"
"Give a man a fish and he eats for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime."
"Raccoon stuck on a light pole"
"&quot;I've made a huge mistake&quot;"
"The future will be user friendly"
"Coming soon to a theater near you..."
"Wat"
"This appeared on my Facebook wall from a uk paper"
"&quot;Who the hell did I miss out?&quot;"
"Tax Return"
"porn logic"
"this is the only kind of logic amirite?"
"Towel Eating Puppy or Puppy-Eating Towel?"
"Spend Your Karma with Redditopoly!"
"Just a painting of...uh... Some stuff"
"I think this takes the cake."
"Imma VP you  girl"
"There's a new subreddit for &quot;how I feel when&quot;: /r/HIFW"
"Unfortunate Camera Angle"
"No thank you."
"The legitimacy of this is unquestionable."
"seems legit"
"When the ex girlfriend tells me she is over me two months later."
"My thoughts on Chick-fil-a..."
"My response to the mod telling me meme posts will be taken down in the future."
"Me during Mitt Romney's concession speech"
"BEST FACE SWAP"
"Team rocket blasting off again!"
"When my girlfriend falls asleep naked in bed but has work in the morning..."
"It doesn't get much more comfy than this."
"Possibly the most comforting chair for men"
"Can we start over?"
"Prohibition: A tower built with barrels of alcohol  to be burned  1924. [700x878]"
"Prohibition: A tower built with barrels of alcohol  to be burned  1924."
"Everything Wrong With America: Pastor Makes Over $200 Million A Year Tax-Free  Even Though He Directly Asked For Donations Towards A $36 Million Dollar Private Plane. Oh  And He Pretends To Cure AIDS With A 'Jesus Jacket'."
"The best gif in the whole wide world..."
"i will beat the HELL out of you!"
"I don't even..."
"What happens when I start browsing /r/new"
"If everyone is putting in their votes  here is mine for who should join the Playstation All-Star team."
"Fair Play"
"The only reasonable solution"
"How I feel when I win a game of scrabble against my older and smarter brother."
"Boy.....that escalated quickly."
"I always knew that this show was genius..."
"KEEP OUT"
"I love this pic.. might be a repost"
"On a match head."
"Planking USMC style"
"Finally passed 10 000 karma.."
"DDR fans will understand."
"When I am dancing alone in my room."
"When my only Friday class gets canceled."
"Asian Boy dancing to K-Pop"
"We just wanted to play"
"Watching The Big Bang Theory when.."
"Baby Bard"
"When someone asks what I'm doing this weekend..."
"Which one do you take?"
"Woman and a Smurf examining Katy Perry at a movie premiere."
"A better love story than twilight"
"Wait what?"
"Why The Cosby Show was pulled off the air"
"Fish Flops!"
"Just some cats having a party."
"My college living room on Sunday morning"
"Meet the Eucalyptus Deglupta. [PIC]"
"Just got a brand new mac book pro."
"Cooking on a log."
"ok I'm sorry  but this is too weird"
"Stop Being a Tsundere!"
"Soo patriotic."
"'Murica"
"You Add The Red..."
"Searched for Kate Upton  got this."
"Who doesn't take heart shaped naps?"
"So my friend gave her Rabbit a Cherry.."
"Fancy a taco?"
"Found this on imgur and I thought I should post it to r/aww"
"Bill Murry... That is all..."
"Bill Murray"
"This man stole my bike... I don't think anyone will ever believe me"
"Like a Boss."
"The text isn't needed...."
"PUTUS on the trombone"
"Obama plays trumpet?"
"A trombone playing president showed up on my newsfeed."
"Want"
"What were they thinking?"
"And the Winner is!"
"I can run pretty fast."
"Just another awesome youtube comment."
"Two cute cats going at it"
"For the last bit of my cake day  I present to you how I feel after moving all day."
"There can be ONLY ONE!!!"
"Shark Attack!!!!!!"
"It's just you."
"my 8am class"
"How I feel about fb posts"
"Never thought I'd see this in a Utah Airport"
"(Beautiful harmony) Where in the world is (bass voice) our fuckin' baby?"
"Where's the baby?"
"and i thought hoverhand was bad"
"A step up from hover hand"
"Trolling friends 101"
"Horses are so yesterday"
"Americans can keep their horses  we got something better!"
"Great way to punish your kids. The misery on their faces is priceless!"
"Our get along shirt."
"Why isnt /r/ParentingWin a subreddit yet?"
"How I feel after reading the newest Higgs boson article"
"How I feel after a full year of organic chemistry"
"How I React When Someone Points a Rubberband At Me...."
"How r/aww must feel being sandwiched between r/wtf and r/atheism"
"Being a non-native to Southern California  this is how I feel with all these Earthquakes happening."
"What's going on in my head when my girlfriend says &quot;We have to talk&quot;"
"Best Cat video EVER"
"WizzinTheKitteh"
"How I feel trying to find something to post for my cake day."
"someone was pointing a rubber band at him"
"just the Prime Minister of Sweden celebrating a Swedish goal in Olympiastadion Berlin"
"The swedish prime minister at Olympia Stadium in Berlin..."
"The swedish prime minister at Olympia Stadium in Berlin."
"I wouldn't do it  I think he's serious..."
"Girls of Reddit  you've been warned!!"
"Virginity(possibly a repost. Don't care)"
"I don't think that will be happening anytime soon."
"Little Rascals then and now."
"Hidden beach on Marieta Islands  off the coast of Puerto Vallarta  Mexico."
"Awkward..."
"What I imagine my coworkers are doing when I set up a meeting"
"Adaptive roots in concrete jungle"
"The tree roots have followed the pattern"
"What kind of mutant tree roots do this?"
"I see your chicken face swap and raise you an angry dog face swap."
"Just chillin'... (x-post r/gifs)"
"Down vote me  I'm resilient"
"Definition of &quot;oh shit!&quot;"
"The Mexican Army"
"Scumbag Gina Rinehart"
"Don't trip  I got this"
"Geology humor"
"MY Girlfriend [FIXED]"
"Typical Female"
"I have no clue who made this but I found it on tumblr and fell in love"
"Babysitting spiderman... no big deal"
"Spiderkid"
"Where the White Man went wrong"
"Nothing gets past your Spidey Sense  Spiderman."
"No it's not okay"
"How I imagine most redditors feel when someone comments &quot;repost&quot;"
"Ned Flanders+Nyan Cat=glorious WIFF (X-Post from r/gifwithsound)"
"Ned-nologic!"
"Flanderps"
"Daft Flanders"
"When I find an awesome  relevant  or exciting website and attempt to post it on Reddit  only to find it's already been submitted..."
"Well  Shit..."
"&quot;Sweden&quot;"
"&quot;America&quot;"
"SHITFUCKSHITSHITSHITFUCKSHIT"
"SHITSHITSHITFUCKSHIT (x-post r/WTF)"
"Barely missed my cake day. Anyway  here's one of my favorite pictures (I'm an Electrical Engineering major)."
"JOIN THE RESISTANCE!"
"Anyone Else See The Resemblance????????"
"I don't even..."
"this isn't even practical"
"Stop it Fashion. You went too far"
"So Hardcore"
"Portal meets LIMBO [x-post from /portal]"
"/fit/ gives advice on how to fight"
"4chan on fighting"
"WOLOLOLOLOLO"
"4chan on Self Defence"
"Racist MLK day school lunch menu (x-post from r/im14andthisiswtf )"
"Should have done Chemistry."
"I got this...I got this..."
"Makes Sense"
"Its time to stop posting"
"How the cats of Reddit feel."
"L.E.D. Zeppelin"
"L.E.D. Zeppelin [x-post from r/funny]"
"L.E.D Zepplin"
"LED Zeppelin"
"R2D2 chick. Do want."
"the ackward moment when you're the only one laughing"
"My reaction to the internet these days."
"delightful"
"Oh yes."
"This is is most redditor males every time we see a hot girl wearing yoga pants..."
"Donkey poops cigarette then smoked my horse-man...[gif]"
"With all this hype going on  I felt this was appropriate."
"Ten Guy on playing cards with his friends"
"The faces of Poker"
"10 guy"
"Saw this on my news feed. I'm not sure if repost or not but this is beyond ridiculous My mother and aunt died of cancer as much as I hate it does not mean I'm going to like a picture to say I hate it. My heart goes out to those of you who have lost loved ones because of it."
"Boy  that escalated quickly."
"Of course I want to be raped by Satan!"
"Ok Facebook calm your shit."
"Dangers of Poison Ivy"
"no  no  no  NO"
"Meanwhile in Nebraska..."
"What? Why?"
"Had to put the horse down... now what should we do?"
"discipline level: hunter s. thompson"
"A day with Hunter S. Thompson"
"A day with Hunter S. Thompson"
"A day with Hunter S. Thompson"
"I want to be Hunter Thompson"
"Fuck Yeah"
"I must have missed this part of the Bible."
"The charred remains of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov on view in an open casket during his state funeral after the crash of the Soyuz 1"
"The charred remains of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov on view in an open casket during his state funeral after the crash of the Soyuz 1  1967 [1000x685]"
"The remains of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov  the result of spacecraft  'Soyuz 1' crashing."
"Clever this youtube comment is."
"I feel pretty"
"First World Alarm Clock"
"Bucket-ception."
"r/atheism sees a religious facebook post"
"Facebook stalk someone and find out they're single?"
"Whenever my post gets more than 10 upvotes"
"When you're randomly browsing Youtube and notice you have a top comment."
"Exact reaction when I hit 500 karma"
"How I feel when I get upvotes"
"How I feel making front page of a small subreddit"
"Long time lurker  first time posting  and how I feel about it..."
"Imgur Roulette and found this. Being a dumbass for not knowing how to clean your mirror is so priceless."
"Palindrome."
"Stone Forest of Madagascar [1200x794]"
"Shall we dance?"
"4 years on Reddit. No regrets."
"Ay Chihuahua"
"Waka Waka!"
"Waka Waka"
"Wakka wakka"
"waka waka (From George Takei fb)"
"I saw this “Sidewalk Ends” sign the other day and it occurred to me that I was obligated to add a sign of my own. R.I.P"
"8 years later and this still makes me cry. Every. Fucking. Time."
"Oprah  the best .gif ever."
"Tonight on Oprah  everybody's getting...!"
"FOR EVERYONE!!"
"Everyone  Please Check Under Your Seats"
"Been replaying Bioshock 2 lately. This is easily my favorite part of all the Bioshock games."
"I will never stop laughing at this gif!"
"Imma BEE! Imma... IMMA BEE!!!!!"
"Bees! Bees! BEEEEES!!!!!"
"Australian barbeques right now"
"Distraction"
"Sarcasm Bra."
"Cool starry bra"
"COOL STARRY BRA!"
"Meanwhile in Colorado."
"Meanwhile in Colorado"
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"Meanwhile in Colorado.."
"Meanwhile..."
"Meanwhile in Colorado [Fixed]"
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"Well fuck me sideways!?!?....."
"Google is always right"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson is having a Birthday today. In his honor  let''s recall his college days. Happy Birthday  Neil."
"A young and ripped Neil DeGrasse Tyson"
"Just in case anyone forgot  Neil deGgrasse Tyson was a Bad MoFo back in the day."
"Forever Alone"
"One Ron Ton Soop  please."
"Derivery!"
"I don't care. It's funny"
"I probably shouldn't have laughed at this"
"So...i typed in Wonton Soup on google images..."
"A rare case of Ablutophobia and Hyperlexia"
"My feelings exactly."
"First thing I thought of when I saw the gif."
"So I happened across this"
"I Re-did One  I think It's Better  Let's See What You Guys Think."
"Let's go party."
"Every time I take gum out in front of my friends [Fixed] [Fixed]"
"Jason Seagull"
"Who I Imagined Reposters to be"
"How a group of guys react when they see a hot girl at my college (to clarify there's a 4 to 1 guy to girl ratio)"
"Does This Unibrow Make Me Look Bird?"
"In Soviet Russia  man chase bear"
"Nightmare"
"oh Keira Knightley"
"Just a little off the top  please"
"For sale: Corvette tail lights"
"Port Isaac  England"
"This kid got some moves"
"How I feel when I win an argument on Reddit"
"Those damn Meowhovah's Witnesses"
"My fear of clowns just got worse"
"My Favorite Childhood Book."
"Monarch Butterfly (X-post from r/funny  fixed for trees)"
"It's a Trap!"
"&quot;....like getting strangled by a really weak guy  all day.&quot;"
"Forever alone? Not with this shit you won't be"
"Forever alone jacket"
"Bible lol"
"The face of God"
"When my friend  an alleged redditor  was browsing 9gag and claimed it was ok."
"Groom seeing his bride on his wedding day for the first time"
"Sometimes I feel the same way Mr. Gangnam Style"
"Psy yellin' at dat ass"
"I Want To Believe"
"Use your brain man! [Mildly NSFW]"
"Most accurate sculpture of male anatomy"
"Takes thinking with your other head to a whole new level [nsfw?]"
"The MURICAN way to win wars!"
"Simba? NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"Happens all the time trying to study..."
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the olympics. [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the olympics. [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED](x-post from r/communtiy)"
"Bad art."
"This abuse is going too far..."
"Silly Walks clock"
"Saw this yesterday and laughed for hours."
"Not sure who to feel more sorry for."
"When you're the only one who notices something out of the ordinary"
"Turtle you so silly"
"Come at me bro!"
"Dog giving attitude"
"I shit where I please."
"Nothing. Doing Nothing"
"Shit-Talking Pug"
"When I argue with my wife..."
"My friend showed me this over the weekend. Sorry if it has already been posted."
"When I didn't clean my room..."
"Punk Pug."
"Just a Little Bit Softer Now"
"Sea Nuke and Beach"
"Found this in my news feed. No fucks if it's a repost. Those cats are awesome."
"When I realised what 'I.F.T.' actually stood for in Season 3"
"I was not prepared for how difficult this game was"
"She's got some explaining to do."
"Disney Stewie"
"Coke  Mentos &amp; Condom"
"When I hear I got pregnant cause my condom broke"
"Internet won't be back on at home until Sunday morning."
"Hmm.."
"Uuuuhhh  smack!"
"If only this were real..."
"Thirteen years ago  The Simpsons described the Internet perfectly."
"The Dark Knight Rises"
"Final Dark Knight Rises poster"
"RISE"
"Me and my mom 1981-Now"
"The creative process"
"Hey guys  did you know..."
"Amid all the drama about Rebecca Black and 'still' Justin Beiber this is how I've felt about Reddit recently."
"The 2am Chilli Shower meme by Friday."
"According to Lenny's calculations  St. Patrick's Day is almost here!"
"How I feel waiting for my shift to end right before I start my vacation"
"Mitt and Ryan sharing a tender moment"
"Dat Photoshop"
"Dat photoshop"
"Dat photoshop."
"&quot;OffShore Holdings&quot;"
"Bump"
"Reminds me of drunken girls trying to pose for a picture..."
"Reminds me of girls on FB posing for a picture"
"Peekaboo!"
"Peekaboo"
"Meanwhile  In Pakistan"
"When i'm having a bad day [Fixed]"
"When I realized today is my cake day  I don't own a cat  and the day is almost over."
"How I feel when my wife's shitty Netflix title gets here before mine does."
"Seems legit"
"I miss the 80's"
"Just a picture of Nancy Reagan sitting on Mr. T's lap. For the holidays."
"Nancy Reagan &amp; Mr. T [x-post r/images]"
"This might have made the Titanic movie watchable..."
"Dammit Jack!"
"It's actually really sad."
"My girlfriends dog is allergic to grass... these are her special socks"
"My girlfriends dog is allergic to grass… these are her special socks"
"Its how I pictured Arnold to be when he became the California Governor"
"&quot;so my co-worker/friend/girlfriend said this GEM today&quot;"
"Oh grandma..."
"Dinner with Grandma"
"Grandma that's not how chop sticks"
"Left Brain Right Brain"
"Sometimes i can't tell the difference  but i'm okay with both!"
"SEPARATED AT BIRTH ?? ??? ?????"
"Spiritual mouse"
"In queso emergency..."
"In case of an emergency."
"Porn before and after masturbating (sfw)"
"El Dorado"
"Bastion"
"My friend (a competitive air guitarist) asked me to make a gif for him"
"El Dorado Through The Fire and The Flames"
"Still Dorado"
"Sweet home alabama"
"Strummin'"
"Why not s change of music? ft. Lionel Richie"
"Hyaaaaaah!"
"How I felt when I found out the blackout is the 18th and my Cakeday is the 17th..."
"How I feel after getting spawn killed in COD:MW."
"Apparently big black movie stars are interchangeable..."
"That's racist"
"You had one job  Abc 7."
"Poor Terry"
"Michael Clarke Duncan  R.I.P......wait what?"
"Are you sure that is Michael Duncan?"
"ABC pays their respect to Michael Clarke Duncan"
"It seems Terry Crews has died and changed his name too"
"You had one job"
"Noooo not President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho too!!! Oh... Okay."
"The Old Spice people must be heartbroken."
"Pink fairy armadillo!?!?"
"So apparently a Pink Fairy Armadillo is a thing"
"More of this"
"Chicago Christians at a pride parade...beautiful."
"Faith In Humanity Restored."
"In case you're really last minute on your costume  always remember"
"Oh you posted a facebook feed on Reddit?"
"is it bad that i want that shirt?"
"coolest cat ever"
"Yoda with human Skin"
"Ghetto impressionist"
"Impressionist motto"
"And that's how you roll."
"Oh Spongebob  you never get old."
"FPS realities [Fixed]"
"Came across this art titled &quot;Medieval Iron Man&quot; on a Facebook page (link in comments)"
"Every time I submit a post that I think is funny"
"What happens when I try to post to /r/funny"
"Gangnam Style  Reddit Edition (x-post from r/Kpop)"
"Pusheen gangnam style"
"Gangnam Cat!"
"Gangnam cat"
"Bitch  you paid for them"
"Dog: 1 Owner: 0"
"Hey  people like what they like"
"People like what they like... I guess"
"Soul-steal immunity"
"Dementor shield"
"Teehee"
"Teehee"
"Well  he is a sponge..."
"What'cha making for dinn-HOLY FUCK!"
"I want a kitten like this."
"How I feel when I'm not in the mood  but my boyfriend wants to do stuff anyways."
"Seriously  does anyone know what this is?"
"I'm sorry  I couldn't resist..."
"Mr Wobba lobba"
"She's THAT type of girl"
"Oh no."
"A little humor for the day: &quot;And the lord said 'This beer is my body  so put ping pong balls into it'&quot;"
"Wine Pong"
"And on the seventh day though shall play beer pong!"
"She back!"
"MAMA IM SICK!"
"Precious"
"Probably a repost but I don't care; Makes me laugh every time."
"For my cake day  my favorite picture on the internet"
"So I found this..."
"So this was on my newsfeed"
"My Girlfriend [Fixed]"
"How I feel after reading trough Amanda Bieber's twitter feed"
"Dragon falls"
"New fashion trend in Japan"
"I see what you did there."
"I see what you did there..."
"this subreddit is pretty full of some"
"Damn nature  you scary."
"Whats in that camera?"
"His 10th Life..."
"They said I could be anything..."
"Smoke Grenades [X-Post from r/military]"
"&quot;Thank god the﻿ deer could fly away before it got hit&quot;"
"I feel bad laughing but..."
"This post is for the few that will find this funny"
"The only spider I've ever loved."
"Song of the spiders"
"50 Cent Father"
"Feel the music little Franz! FEEL IT!"
"interesting dance move..."
"Dear Diary "
"Right as the dream is getting good."
"When I try to study the night before my finals and realize its hopeless..."
"How I feel having multiple finals  a regents  and two papers due all in the same week."
"100% nigga"
"How I feel as liberal in WA right now"
"I can't think of a single good title for this except  WTF. (Guy w/ gauged cheeks)"
"Regret"
"Choices"
"Can't tell if the lines are curved or the illusion works"
"The end of an era"
"After &quot;hollyvvood&quot; posted his epic face swap  I figured I'd share my favorite one. (Not my picture)"
"With a little of this fella on the side"
"My favorite face swap"
"Seems legit"
"We gonna party like it's your birthday"
"Interior Gummi! For MLP FIM fans!"
"mayonnaise is pretty awesome[r]."
"Your move  Sure_Ill_Draw_That."
"Reunited and it feels so good."
"When I get the first comment on a post that I know is going to make the front page."
"TONIGHT WE RIDE!"
"How I feel when I give out upvotes"
"Realized it was my cakeday with only 30 minutes left in the day. To the front page noble steed!"
"I expect to ride the karma train to the front today."
"Searched google for &quot;stuff not on reddit&quot;"
"Cast Away: Deleted Scenes"
"Cast Away Alternate Ending"
"Mind=Blown"
"See black &amp; white in color."
"Fun with tricking your brain."
"Just...how?!"
"Silly brain"
"Stare at the dot. (classic &amp; x-post from whoadude)"
"In Your Own Rooms Please...."
"Please masturbate in your room."
"This sign was posted in the dorms at my university"
"I guess this was a problem"
"Don't... Move"
"Well played Hersheys  well played."
"Filling out the &quot;Tip&quot; line when eating on my company credit card."
"How I feel on payday"
"When I heard about Virtual Reality goggles that actually work"
"When I heard about Virtual Reality goggles that actually work"
"I piss my pants laughing EVERY DAMN TIME"
"Me  having just finished my finals  while my roommate needs to study"
"C'mon man! I just wanna party!"
"Life of a stormtrooper [FIXED]"
"Only at Disneys MGM Studios"
"I hit &quot;random&quot; on Imgur and this came up..."
"How times have changed"
"Happy Birthday  you magnificent bastard"
"I don't really support Obama or Romney but I'd love to see this man run for president. Who's with me?"
"The difference between early and late 20's hangovers"
"Something that has taken a year on reddit to learn..."
"A witch smoking a pipe. Can you see it?"
"Sex can wait"
"Worst day ever."
"U mad BO?"
"Yeah yeah"
"When the President of the United States answers your question on reddit"
"Obama's reaction to all the karma he's getting"
"Obama's reaction to all the karma he's getting"
"Obama what is love."
"Bar-ack O-ba-ma"
"Then and Now"
"Here's the thing about reposts..."
"Growing Up"
"And so he did"
"When my girlfriend tries to dump me..."
"The loneliest group of people you will ever see"
"Forever alone level 1000."
"Wanna come over and watch a movie? (SFW)"
"True love"
"Awww! They're holding hands!"
"I would like to present my client's internet search history from that evening."
"Why I would never last in court."
"What I imagine Colorado must look like right now."
"Whack-a-Kitty"
"Wack-a-Kitty."
"saw this in my fb news feed for all the military and vets out there"
"Got called &quot;faggot&quot; for liking The Rocky Horror Picture Show today..."
"I suggested that this gif be modified for reddit purposes; Airjavier (a skateboarding policeman?) did not disappoint"
"Perfect visualisation of what I like drunk on /new"
"I Choose You"
"Breaking Bad"
"Freewill..."
"Louis C.K. explains gay marriage"
"The happiest animals in the world [ALBUM]"
"This subreddit needs more elephants."
"A young Stalin reminds me 'Ridiculously Photogenic Guy'"
"How do I get my hair to look like this? (I know  please ignore who it is.)"
"I wanted waffles!"
"Waffles"
"Jep. About every time i eat very spicy food"
"The most awesome scooter ever."
"He's doing it right"
"I like how this guy rolls."
"Tree boarding"
"I'm sure he'll win the race!"
"The best thing to come out of BBC's Africa [gif]"
"When I'm browsing Reddit and realize I left a boiling pot on the stove."
"I don't remember this Superbowl commercial..."
"So Snooki's pregnant  eh?"
"Yeah  didn't want to finish my lunch anyway..."
"That's enough internet for tonight"
"Why do people do this shit? seriously  WTF?"
"but dont put it in water"
"Here you go  Reddit. A gift from me to you."
"For you  Reddit."
"I love Ass Fudge..."
"I don't want any of this candy."
"An Interesting Choice of Abbreviation..."
"Haters gonna hate..."
"One year down..."
"NSFW Balls to the balls"
"MFW a girl farts."
"Knowing my buddy downvoted my new post to zero"
"Photobomb level: Asian"
"True story..."
"Nailed It! Erm  Not Quite."
"So.Many.Owls."
"More Owlets"
"Ouch"
"I see a baby bear."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haters Gonna Hate [Fixed]"
"Haters Gonna Hate (Fixed)"
"When my brother says he doesn't watch porn."
"My little witch."
"Payback"
"Freddie Mercury - Queen"
"Freddie Mercury just being awesome with his cat. Happy Birthday Freddie."
"Happy Birthday Mr. Mercury"
"Just realized that today (Sept 5) was Freddie Mercury's Birthday. Here he is with a cat."
"Googled &quot;freddie mercury lover&quot; and this came up. Glad to see such a great man was one of us"
"asshole"
"Asshole"
"What an asshole."
"Candy Machine"
"candy machine"
"How to pick up chicks"
"I feel used..."
"The real jump of Felix Baumgartner"
"That Jump Took Balls [X-post from r/funny]"
"How it actually happened."
"Proof That Red Bull Stratos Jump Was Faked"
"Uh oh..."
"Meet Claude."
"Floor buffer"
"Man down!"
"I'm going to leave this here"
"best knockout I've ever seen"
"How I felt first day of College..."
"Me.....then my goals"
"If I have to open your imgur link in a new tab"
"To you guys linking videos in r/funny..."
"When a frozen food suggests conventional oven cooking over microwaving"
"How I feel when someone uses roman numerals instead of numbers"
"When I click on a post that leads me to a bunch of words"
"When a link takes 10 minutes to read..."
"When I cut open a seedless watermelon and it has seeds"
"&quot;hey reddit  check out my 150+ pictures of these things!&quot;"
"instant oatmeal"
"When a video title says to wait for it..."
"3 more months till my device upgrade with AT&amp;T...?!?"
"Whenever I see a promising post title  but it's a link to YouTube."
"How I feel when my professor gives us an assignment over the holiday weekend"
"When you've beaten a game multiple times but it won't let you skip cut scenes..."
"Whenever a professor says  &quot;Please make sure you read all the directions before starting&quot; before an exam."
"Dental care..."
"Whenever a gif takes more than 2 seconds to load."
"When someone posts a video that's longer than 10 minutes"
"Cake day and midterms on the same day..."
"When my friends tell me they actually get out of the shower to go pee."
"When I'm asked to read the Terms and Conditions..."
"Waiting for your Uncrustable to fully defrost...."
"How I feel about &quot;Safely removing hardware&quot; from my computer"
"Lori won't let Carl be hardcore (X-Post from r/thewalkingdead)"
"Science Advancement or Crime Prevention? You Decide."
"He's pretty excited"
"Happy Cakeday!! NOT..."
"Growing up with brothers"
"&quot;Oh  it's your cakeday?&quot;"
"You little bastard!"
"MFW I downvote your shitty cakeday post."
"Ohh  you touch my tra la la"
"Heavy can't get enough of your love  Baby"
"Haters gonna hate and..."
"Fuck you Calvin Rickson! X("
"I guess sometimes you just gotta go."
"No she didn't ... ?"
"WTF shopping"
"The Aisle Shitter [gif]"
"I find this funny with all the election stuff"
"Katy as Jane from Daria"
"Best house on the beach"
"Grandmother. &quot;What a long tongue you have&quot; &quot;All the better to please you with my dear.&quot; (Possibly NSFW)"
"Red"
"This is Ninja."
"Real friends have your back"
"Hit it [GIF]"
"True friends stand by you."
"I don't even know what to say about this one..."
"My understanding of international politics"
"Good friends always have your back."
"I'd hate to be that pole"
"GTFO of my way!"
"I missed my cakeday  but this is my favorite gif"
"True love is indestructable"
"They thought it was just a phase..."
"I've had this saved for 4 years  and still don't know what its from."
"How true it is."
"Don't be sexist."
"Good Advice"
"Repost gets more karma"
"Morgan Freeman with a cat on his head. Your argument is invalid."
"Hmm  why are the top bars bent down on this camel pen."
"What do camels like to eat?"
"Mmmmm....children"
"My cousin being eaten by a camel"
