"Every LastAirBender post with a NSFW tag"
"Seeing something you posted yesterday on the front page  posted by someone else"
"Look in the middle"
"Star Spangled Banner - Sporting Event Version"
"Obama Sushi"
"Stumbled across this while in Costco"
"Cat trolls another"
"meh  close enough"
"What the NFL replacement refs have turned the NFL into"
"Just my dog fucking a dead cow"
"How i feel attempting to beat the last level in my game"
"My favourite gif I dont think I've seen here"
"jaBronies"
"In there? But... it's cold"
"Just a little guy"
"That' precious"
"I see your Tangled Fire Lantern release and give you 1986 Cleveland's cloud of ballons"
"Baby Anteater!"
"John Jonah Jameson and Peter Parker talk about rice"
"Peter Parker hates rice"
"Now that's just messed up."
"Hey Parker  you know my favorite brand of rice?"
"Asian calculator"
"Origin of humans"
"Blake just tweeted out this awesome conversation between him and Karl"
"Dialga uses Roar of Time  Addicting"
"&quot;Get back here  I'm not done with you!&quot;"
":P ;("
"Says my girlfriend the night before I leave."
"Oh Bill..."
"Ernest Hemingway"
"I'm Wolvermesh [NSFL]"
"Love girls with tramp stamps (nsfw)"
"Shes sexy and she knows it"
"Who wears short shorts?"
"Good on you Jim."
"This I why I don't use public transportation anymore."
"This is why i don't ride public transportation"
"So this showed up on my feed today..."
"And... ASSUME DEFENSIVE POSITION."
"Aussie Style [gif]"
"Say my name bitch!"
"When I am playing a scary video game and there's a popup"
"Donating money to name your own center...priceless"
"Every time someone who I dislike says something clever"
"So I just stepped outside to get the mail and there's a cop car parked in front of my house."
"Every baseball fan with a 3DTV just shit themselves"
"I originally put in /funny. Was suggested I put it here also."
"Victory!"
"So this is how it all ends..."
"Sounds about right."
"How r/atheism works"
"So sad  yet so beautiful - Imaginary friends mind fuck"
"That's one odd looking eggplant.."
"my reaction when my friend ended our conversation with 'YOLO'"
"I hate to be a such a cynic  but this is how I feel looking at 90% of the content on the front page recently. (I'm looking at you r/funny  r/advice animals  parents of daughters  and food industry employees)"
"So this is what Brazil has to offer to the Olympics? NSFW"
"wutt?"
"This was on my news feed...horse face"
"Having fun in the kitty cave"
"I put my hands up in the air sometime."
"Yes  yes it is."
"Let's play a game..."
"Let's play a game..."
"Korgi ball"
"BOOOM HEAD SHOT"
"how it must feel being the guy doing the GoDaddy AMA trying to present the company's argument on Reddit"
"How I feel when I try to downvote reposts."
"Time's Douche of the Year"
"Wwaddle."
"Used?"
"Best friends forever"
"How the shit does fuck get this big?!"
"Bees aren't the smartest things"
"Found in the children's section of a Swedish library"
"If atheists were like Christians"
"Don't you gimme that look"
"A response to a warning about culturally insensitive costumes at the school dance"
"Haha what the fuck."
"Treestars"
"a perfect gif sound mashup. oh the horror"
"Found this wonderful piece of art work on the interwebs"
"Human  Staph"
"The only way to clean your cat"
"The Most Interesting Picture in the World (on a horse)"
"No more epic than this"
"The day the internet imploded"
"Poor Antarctica"
"It will kill you"
"Seriously. If you're under 12. Don't smoke trees."
"When someone makes a dumb comment in a thread that has potential...."
"New spin-off perhaps?"
"Best of Maury"
"It would be funny if it weren't to tragic."
"Why grow your cats when you can buy them pre-packaged?"
"If i fits  i ships."
"This actually made me really sad."
"Faith in humanity gone"
"I find these numbers false"
"Heterozygoats"
"Dark Chocolate"
"Did someone say Reddit?"
"It's always watching..."
"Essential supplies for East Coast redditors"
"God is my Copilot"
"Scumbag Wonka."
"All of a sudden  you care."
"Oh  you want Creationism taught in Public Schools?"
"How I feel when debating with an &quot;educated&quot; christian"
"Willy Wonka on Math. I'm not sure if it's a repost."
"#YOLO"
"It will be all over facebook.."
"Golfing 101"
"How I feel when finding something good in new/rising (surrounded by crap)"
"iOS6"
"A photo-op if I ever saw one."
"All right  which one of you is this?"
"One of my favorites. XD"
"What it was like before time existed"
"Sooo last night we ordered a pizza.."
"Say &quot;cheese&quot;"
"Perfect gif-nastics."
"When relatives continue to greet you at holidays with 'You look great. You've gotten so big!' past the age of 12"
"lriGpotSehT"
"When you send a heartfelt text to your crush"
"Psycho Duck"
"Love When I Make Myself Laugh"
"kitty cat dance."
"Nice Suit Vader"
"I was just trying to be a good guy!"
"420 blaze it faggot"
"Father is getting frisky!"
"What it feels like to be the last of my mates still single"
"Burger Bed"
"I love you.. this much! Taken from a christian FB page."
"Snake Cat"
"Worth a shot"
"So close and yet so far..."
"Worth a shot"
"The worst feeling a human can fathom"
"an old gif  but im still amazed everytime i see it"
"why choose a lesser evil?"
"Selfie."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art toooooooo"
"Well as long as they're seedless..."
"U guys. Srsly."
"this cat is not amused."
"It's apparently my cake day so I googled a cat pic. That's how this works right? Or do I have to claim it's my cat? I'll go with that. Here is my cat. He has mice on his head."
"F1 VIP Dinner at the Circuit of The Americas"
"Hulk smash Loki [Spoiler]"
"photographers"
"I'll keep that in mind..."
"Starbucks vans with sliding doors are a bad idea."
"I Don't Even Know Where To Look"
"The tale of Tiny Hippo"
"He doesn't look so cute anymore..."
"I can't stop"
"when i was growing up these were the bee's knees"
"I’m tired of these motherfuckin’ snakes on my motherfuckin’ chain!"
"BBAACCCOONNNNN!"
"Bath time"
"I didn't think this was possible..."
"Perhaps this has gone a step too far..."
"Don't judge me akinator"
"Men vs. Women"
"Pokemon!"
"My eyes...Pikachu and Ash WTF"
"MIND = BLOWN ^^"
"That just about sums up my feelings about this when I was a kid."
"The world is your oyster"
"If Historical Events Posted Facebook Statuses"
"HIFW I put contacts in for the first time in forever."
"Think I'm going to end my life after watching this 20+ loops"
"When I try to dance in public."
"The Eye of the Storm."
"I can't be the only one thinking this..."
"My friend accidentally used a semi permanent dye on his cat."
"Remembering Elementary School..."
"Here comes the..."
"Ass Ketchum?"
"I now know the truth"
"&quot;One of you will betray me...&quot; -Keanu Reeves"
"Andrew thought Jesus was a badass (x-post funny)"
"Drop those apostles like they're hot"
"Should have sent a poet..."
"This is how sperm whales sleep"
"Sled-jacked"
"Whenever I start to tell a story that involves a friend standing right next to me and they interrupt and continue on with the story"
"Yeah  I'm just gonna go ahead and take this... thanks..."
"Penguin  you so silly"
"Hairless cats"
"An old tale of friendship.."
"Tiny Hippo... Gets me every time"
"How it feels drinking poorly-stirred Ovaltine"
"Ball so hard motherf*ckers wanna find me"
"I had to resist the urge to put the punchline as the title"
"The Plane Truth"
"SHIT"
"Mama Gorilla Disapproves"
"You might think I'm crazy  but I don't even care... Because I can tell what's going on!"
"Whenever someone links to a smaller website."
"Weekend!"
"I miss this guy - Imgur"
"1%ers"
"Disco bear"
"4chan makes captcha comics (x-post r/4chan)"
"Captcha Comics Thread (xpost - r/4chan)"
"What the..."
"How I feel when one of my posts reaches front page."
"Bless you kitty... oh... oh god no..."
"So I've heard Reddit likes cute cats"
"Gesundheit!"
"Now that's a good scarecrow"
"Stop eating...you were done..."
"Ta-Da!"
"Nice trick"
"For all the grammar nazis out there"
"What It Felt Like When My Girlfriend Gave Me Her First Blowjob [SFW]"
"Anybody feel like a game of golf?"
"Don't stop now"
"Hey  buddy! Haven't seen you in a long time!"
"found out my ex just got pregnant."
"found out my ex just got pregnant [x-post from r/funny]"
"Hank Hill"
"Wrestler Hank Hill"
"Pinbutt"
"Walkin' down an escalator"
"We all run for it"
"I don't even understand what is going on"
"Perhaps tomorrow then"
"Forget youtube comments  Piratebay takes the cake"
"Reddit in a nutshell..."
"Pickpocket level: stupid"
"When I'm tailgating someone in the speeding lane  and someone starts tailgating me."
"someone else has probably already posted this  but i dont care. it's just too funny!!!"
"It's midnight  and I think we all know what that means...."
"Unfortunately it seems both Huxley and Orwell were right."
"Release The Karma!"
"Release The Karma!"
"Release The Karma!"
"Ron Swanson Fractal"
"If I had one wish..."
"What a tasteless asshole!"
"Worst. Wish. EVER!"
"Worst. Wish. EVER!"
"still gets me every time."
"The internet is for porn  and sometimes porn is amusing."
"When I'm masturbating watching HD fit porn"
"Did he do that the entire time?"
"He's not mine!"
"What it feels like seeing all these &quot;faces of r/atheism&quot; posts."
"Whenever someone mentions my native country of Belgium on reddit."
"Freddy Mercury is truly a reddit icon."
"Freddie Mercury with some cats. That is all"
"Dear car that decides to go 50 in a 70 on a one lane road..."
"Here's the sandwich I made my boyfriend when he didn't ask nicely. [FIXED]"
"You has a boo boo!"
"Magic isn't real!"
"Apples!"
"My friends bunny getting a bath"
"Spanish Bodybuilder."
"A wallpaper for you  reddit!"
"Haters gonna hate"
"When Barney and Sesame Street collide..."
"Shots with Neil Patrick Harris and Elmo"
"Children's story? Wtf?"
"A darker gif"
"Most accurate pie chart I've seen recently [FIXED]"
"Finally a pie chart I can relate to"
"That about sums it up!"
"Good Guy Mario"
"Me having just seen /r/spacedicks for the first time..."
"How I felt going on r/spiders as a person with arachnophobia."
"How I feel browsing reddit not having seen Dark Knight Rises yet"
"Me when I walked in on a man without a leg cleaning his penis in a McDonald's bathroom"
"Thru the gates"
"Lizard Attack"
"This is the Lesula Monkey. He is found in the Congo."
"Monkey with a human like face has been discovered. It is called the lesula monkey"
"So  given light of the recent zombie attacks: I present gnombies eating a flamingo"
"Did one of those cheesy old west photo shoots  this was the result  FML"
"I did one of those cheesy old west photo shoots and they made me look like a little person burlesque dancer..LOL and FML"
"Got sent to me on Facebook."
"How i feel when i go from reddit to stumblupon"
"Just wait until they visit 9gag."
"Ok  she may have taken it a little far.."
"Please.... Kill me..."
"Nine years and counting"
"Pugception."
"Greeley Panorama on Mars"
"this is worse then the time the stairs broke"
"What's your worst escalator story?"
"My face when my girlfriend admitted she was also addicted to reddit"
"fuck life."
"I hate plastic packaging"
"Everyday at the end of work"
"How to get on welfare"
"FUCK YEAH! INTERNET!"
"How every redditor ought to act in libraries."
"This is adorable ^-^"
"The beauty of Scotland."
"Every Gonewild Post."
"Walking the stairs... you're doing it wrong!"
"Roommates destroyed everything in the fridge for fun...this was all I could think about."
"Rannn Rathaway"
"Here is a dog wearing clothing."
"This is what the future can bring us."
"What it feels like to give an upvote to a post in New."
"every comment on Obama's AMA"
"What. The. Fuck."
"Was not expecting that"
"'MURICA"
"Felix Baumgartner's Red Bull control deck and him Jumping at 96 640 feet"
"Crew Chief Sgt. Fred Oser otherwise known as DON'T FUCK WITH ME!"
"So this ad popped up on my facebook news feed..."
"So this ad popped up on my facebook news feed..."
"An ad for a social worker's degree."
"What's with the baby?"
"Well its raining in Vancouver  I think I'll go......"
"Morningwood? Problem solved!"
"How does this even happen?"
"this about sums up reddit for me"
"I present to you...... Rediculously Photogenic Dog."
"One hardcore penguin"
"Pingu's predictable playlist"
"When I go into the wrong class  sit down for 10 minutes  then leave after realizing it isn't my class."
"Everytime I hear about Hurricane Sandy I think about SpongeBob..."
"Thank you  so much  Tumblr."
"x-post  but i had to"
"This pervert always watches me masturbate"
"Headbutting my own face?"
"Bob Ross with a baby raccoon."
"I raise you Carrie Fisher and present to you Bob Ross' happy little coke nail..."
"It is that simple."
"I think yes."
"When gif's need sound"
"Hey  Reddit... My batteries are exploding too!"
"This is one cool cat."
"When my Mom does my laundry randomly and finds a crusty sock.."
"Anything..."
"Dogs."
"After your last final..."
"Mission complete"
"How reddits stratos mission would look like"
"What the Red Bull stratos livestream didn't show"
"Red Bull Stratos Cat"
"Space Jump: Sail"
"[Repost] Jesus Face Fail."
"Go away fish!"
"In Soviet Russia  Fish catch you!"
"Oh Ariel."
"Oh My God."
"College football  Hogwarts style"
"&quot;No one will ever believe you&quot;"
"I know this deserves to be a meme  but I can't think of any right now! Help!"
"Gannet"
"The overly attached girlfriend that started it all [FIXED]"
"The most popular girl in the school goes to prom with this nobody because he drove to her house and gave her roses."
"How I feel when someone tells me to &quot;just get over&quot; my depression:"
"This is what snake venom does to blood"
"Now this is one bedroom I wouldn't mind living in for the rest of my life."
"How I feel about 97% of Facebook posts"
"Maybe this suits you guys more than r/funny: I'm Nigel and I know it."
"A GIF of what I look like waiting for ALL THESE GIF POSTS TO LOAD"
"Reddit Meet Sparkles"
"An amorphous cloud of puppy..."
"Sure he did..."
"My father is from Scotland  he laughed pretty hard when I showed him this."
"My thoughts in church"
"It's all because of your racist ears."
"Getting yelled at by a girl wearing yoga pants."
"Let the dancing begin"
"I wish more people were like this kid"
"An old favorite of mine"
"This is how I usually feel when sparring and my teacher turns it up to 11."
"When I'm home alone and I hear eerie or strange noises"
"This looks sooo painful.."
"Humble Indie #4 coming soon!"
"If the Election was an Episode of &quot;The Walking Dead&quot; It would look something like this."
"I don't know why this is so funny."
"It's Morph... oh wait nevermind."
"I have no idea how to do this."
"My girlfriend's reaction after I told her I was getting a king size bed to replace my twin size mattress."
"Looking at my home screen on my iPhone 5 right now."
"Like a boner"
"Unless you're asian"
"How I feel browsing /new"
"Oh  so you saw something on your newsfeed that you thought deserved better?"
"Whenever I have to do anything other than hovering my mouse over your link"
"Get a girlfriend  they said. It'll be fun  they said."
"Not impressed being forever alone"
"How I feel when my greatest post ever gets downvoted to oblivion."
"Who is he REALLY?"
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"Unfortunately the only real thing left at Seaside Heights  New Jersey."
"Found this the other day  it reminds me of the bird on a wire short that Pixar did."
"D:"
"just 3 beautiful women"
"This one's for you Aussies... The first time I tried Vegemite."
"The duck cow."
"Umm..."
"Rough day for Scorpion at the airport.."
"I see all your hands and raise you this gem"
"Sleep tight Reddit..."
"Hverfjall Crater  Iceland"
"Fish shouldn't have claws..."
"SHIT TYRONE"
"To this day  it remains my second favorite gif"
"It is a grenade. What could possibly go wrong?"
"Because fishing poles are too mainstream..."
"If you steal my phone"
"Mexico City  urban sprawl"
"When I'm drunk and have the spins and just need to pull the trigger and go to bed."
"Plunger Man Returns"
"Seen as I was getting coffee today."
"I only need one splayd"
"The utensil we all dream of."
"Found this post of Facebook  thought it belonged here"
"I don't know why but this is one of the best comics I've read in a long time"
"Dem Toes!!!"
"Would you drink it?"
"Perfect timing squirrel"
"you like otters  eh?"
"you know what  fuck it."
"Every time on the morning of my payday"
"Spongebob"
"What's inside uranus?"
"Religion."
"people karma whoring in pun threads on reddit"
"team iPhone"
"Don't tell me what to do Obama![First post here]"
"Saw this on my facebook feed today"
"must follow the rules"
"Bracing for the Storm"
"Dearest Reddit  I have studied you for a year now and I believe you will be entertained by my collection."
"Serious question"
"saw this on facebook; i laughed just a little"
"The flash was on."
"Watch me jump!"
"Froggy..."
"This guy gives 0 fucks about hurricane Sandy"
"This was posted in a small sub reddit. I think this collection of gifs deserves more attention."
"my goetee isnt stupid [FB]"
"i just got into town."
"That encounter got very awkward  very quickly..."
"how i feel  as a Canadian  about reddit and this Rick Santorum guy."
"Reddit on Apple maps"
"Dramatic Chihuahua"
"Serious Chihuahua"
"EVERY FREAKING TIME"
"Instant Ramen  looks like they're finally reaching out to their core demographics."
"Are these Kosher?"
"After 15 years  I still can't catch the Brickster..."
"My response to my girlfriend calling me to the boudoir for sexy time .... (SFW)"
"YAAAAAAY"
"What i do when a giant bug flies up to my face"
"Whenever I walk through a spider web"
"Leatherback Sea Turtles Mouth"
"Flawless victory!!!"
"Fuck you lady  fuck you"
"90's Kids will love this detention doodle."
"Rock vs Food Part II: 21 Peanut Butter Brownies."
"Dodgeball"
"Gimme Five?"
"As a recent graduate with a Bachelor of Science  this is how I feel after months of searching for a job."
"How I feel being finished with my physics  math  and computer science midterms."
"OMG they exist"
"I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation"
"Problem Solved.... CALL ..."
"If only there was something I could use to keep back my hair..."
"I eat ramen  hear me roar!"
"Oppa gangnam sty..."
"Fonts Matter."
"College roomates when i bring a girl home."
"Just breakfast... in 'Murica"
"What is love?"
"What is love?"
"Smooth criminal"
"Making it to the front page"
"She was wondering the same thing."
"I'm almost positive that this is a repost....but it's the first time I've seen it  and I laughed my fucking ass off."
"Wut?"
"Just like every night!"
"Mondays."
"Jimi Solo"
"Venus Fly trap."
"Baby want candy?"
"After waiting for so long; this is how I feel on my cake day."
"Richard Pryor was a smart man"
"BLACK GIRLFRIEND!!!"
"Another well informed American"
"Beautifully Terrifying"
"After making it to the front page  this is what I think of the feeble attempts to downvote me."
"How I feel not getting any upvotes on my cake day."
"Right in the Care Bears childhood..."
"What I am planning to do today..."
"It's pretty amazing that society has reached this point"
"When I get done arguing with my girlfriend"
"Baby fennec fox"
"Dream pet  the fennec fox. Here is a baby one."
"Just a pomeranian wearing a Superman suit."
"How I feel after I defend atheism in my theology class--in a college that's in Salt Lake City."
"Mr.T busting out some Homework"
"Intergalactic Mr.T"
"Hiding"
"I wouldn't want to either."
"MUuuussSTtt HAaaaVE!!"
"Spiderman likes to spend his cakeday doing what he does best."
"If only there was some easier way.."
"Just chillin'."
"He kept saying 'Swing batta batta batta'"
"Man living with Women (Fixed)"
"My guy friend sent me this with a text saying  &quot;I wanted to so bad but I just couldn't get it up with this one.&quot;"
"Chernobyl  thought someone else might like it."
"The most exciting ping pong game ever"
"Every day in math."
"In tit's we trust. [SFW]"
"Lieutenant Cat!"
"maybe reverse psychology will work."
"decided to use reverse psychology on the new neighbors"
"Go home  rainbow."
"This is just bananas!"
"I call it... Rock Woman."
"Didney worl?!"
"Ladies  please..."
"Being a 30 year old watching the VMAs and knowing who green day is but no one else"
"NNNOOO!"
"its my day of cakes... my karma.."
"I found out my roommate downvotes all my posts..."
"The beautiful Orion Molecular Cloud Complex"
"Reddit  I present to you… I don't even know what to call him"
"Me every time I visit /r/christianity"
"Propably a repost  but I've never seen it"
"Sums it up pretty well."
"How Steve sees us."
"On the rare occasion I'm surfing reddit on an actual computer and not my phone."
"Ummmmm... Yeaaaaa"
"When someone tells me the bible is real...[GIF]"
"So I googled &quot;Penis Nightmares&quot;"
"Doppelganger PSA -- [NSFW] very creepy"
"Bazinga!"
"Cat run over by a car [WARNING: not GORE]"
"$50 Lesson"
"Oh you made the front page with a repost? Let me congratulate you!"
"Today would of been this man's 66th birthday. Happy Birthday Freddie Mercury!"
"Cypher on Reddit Karma"
"Being homeschooled my whole life  this is how i felt starting my freshman year at a public school... [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"How I feel anytime there's a &quot;When you see it&quot; post *FIXED*"
"Whenever I Start to Watch Laggy .gifs"
"In response to Hostess"
"don't know if this was already made"
"such cute animals"
"I want the dog"
"when i cut into an onion"
"Me after spending too much time on /r/nosleep"
"After I found out Facebook now displays who views photos"
"HIFW i really need to sneeze  but it just won't come out."
"why can't you ride a bike??!!"
"Stephen Hawking in zero gravity"
"Submit a query  get trolled!"
"Bitch please"
"Woohoo!!"
"Fuck this area in particular [FIXED]"
"My first college class starts in 8 hours."
"Just bought Terraria off Steam sale..."
"Fingering a girl for the first time...."
"How I feel playing Sim City 3000 for the first time"
"The Last Supper"
"Made this my Facebook banner photo... promptly received requests to take down this &quot;blasphemous picture&quot;"
"what if..."
"Real life Team Rocket !!!"
"Prepare for trouble Obama.."
"The son of god came not to be served  but to serve."
"Break dancing Jesus"
"Flawless logic."
"Brilliant argument..."
"Found this gem on facebook *facepalm*"
"Shits on fire"
"Cats need money too"
"My reaction as a women came into the ER I work at tonight with a wire hanger completely through her thigh"
"My face while watching the olympic closing ceremony"
"r2beer2"
"Some guy on /b/ (4chan) tattoos a penis on a somebody passed out"
"Everyday I'm Dumblin'"
"Everyday I'm Dumblin'"
"I thought this fit very well. Sorry if this GIF has been posted too much."
"My ex showed up at the same Halloween party. I tried to sneak out without making a scene  stumbled into a bookshelf and knocked a bunch of stuff off."
"When I googled &quot;something reddit would like&quot; this was not what I expected... o.o"
"My take on Star Wars original trilogy (poster designs -I presented two of them to you guys last week - here's everything finished up)"
"When do we leave?"
"You can't touch this."
"A bit too literal."
"Since when does posting your opinion on the internet make you an &quot;idiot slime ball&quot;?"
"All the Valentines Day posts on facebook"
"This might just be my favorite .gif of all time"
"Pretty much any reading assignment in high school."
"How I feel when I passed a test and guessed on nearly all of it."
"MFW It was time to turn in my summer reading project"
"She not yo hoe no mo."
"Transform!"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"When a classmate begins to remind the teacher about the homework..."
"How I feel whenever my friends say weird things about me on purpose in front my crush"
"When youtube asked me if I wanted to display my full name next to my comments. [x-post from r/reactiongifs]"
"I know I really shouldn't but..."
"DAT ASS"
"Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-high-5 (well  you get it!)"
"Still the best .gif known to this date."
"coolness"
"My reaction in reading some r/TwoXChromosomes posts as a male.."
"How I react to my friends sex stories."
"How I feel After A Big Dump"
"I'm a pretty little princess!"
"black guy slide [Fixed]"
"No words needed..."
"Nebula IC 1396 in rotation. [7 MB]"
"the new duckling fish feeder is doing well"
"Me Drunk Upvoting"
"Easily the most heartwrenching moment in the Dark Knight Rises"
"Got a problem?"
"giraffe awww - Imgur"
"Finding out it's my cakeday with 2 hours remaining in the day"
"I laugh every time i see this gif of Stanley from The Office."
"The strangest Stanley Hudson GIF I've ever seen."
"It annoys me when people don't use memes the right way -_- [FB]"
"On my Facebook today. That escalated quickly!"
"OUTTA NOWHERE!!! (Randy Orton RKO's Felix Baumgartner)"
"Russia didn't find the space jump impressive"
"A Religion Of Peace"
"Here are just a few of the things that made me laugh during my first year on Reddit."
"I can't get enough of Emma Stone."
"Next time your friend leaves their iPhone out..."
"More people need this."
"Hey  could you find us some bubbles and Barry White? We'd like a moment alone."
"Used Diapers (xpost from /r/cringepics)"
"Ms. Marvel Cosplay"
"when people ask me why am I not happy anymore..."
"Inside camera view of school bus (full of children) accident"
"Love Train"
"This is how I feel when I open a bag of Lays"
"Giant Sized"
"When I see something great to post and it's already on the front page"
"Dark Souls."
"The Black Cat Analogy"
"You know you're a reddit addict when..."
"Dubstep? Dubstep."
"Sneaky..."
"So that's where r/gonewild comes from"
"Seems legit"
"For my Reddit anniversary  I present the first image I saved to my account"
"How I felt halfway through the Olympic Parade of Nations"
"Heh"
"OP gets a time-out"
"I always knew Steve Jobs was an ass hole!"
"How can you say you love her  if you can't... (imgur roulette)"
"Its my Cake Day"
"my reaction to troy and abed rapping in tonights episode..."
"Stealing home  like a boss."
"Scar?"
"Long live the king!"
"I regret nothing"
"Thank you  to whomever made this brilliant gem!"
"My friend told me he found a cheap way to put some 12's in my car...he then sent this pic"
"this will give you a good idea of what life will be like after 2012"
"Don't know what is going on so ill post this here..."
"Raptor Worship"
"My reaction after getting 2 upvotes"
"Valve Camp"
"So fitting"
"Veloc-o-dude making children cry"
"the best side of the moon"
"Probably a repost but this is my favorite gem from family guy"
"Last month  a giraffe escaped from a circus in Imola (Italy). A pic worth many internets."
"what my friends caught and strapped to the roof last weekend"
"The Steam Summer Sale ends tomorrow"
"My reaction upon realising I'd missed my cake day"
"Poorly placed movie posters"
"The force is strong with my strong hand"
"Toonces the OG."
"Cat fuckin' tha police"
"Angry Birds Explained"
"Seems Legit."
"Im just a cunt"
"When my online purchase's postal tracker hasn't updated for over two days"
"oops"
"Muthafucka"
"A Redditor's worst realization during the work day [Fixed]"
"First-World Atheist Problems"
"Bacon. That is all."
"so this on another subreddit r/gifsound"
"How I feel when downvoting every comment in a reddit pun thread."
"Instant regret"
"Beat-Jitsu"
"This is not cute"
"OH MY GOD  WHO THE FUCK CARES"
"When the phone rings  but its my ex calling.."
"Just thought it fit"
"Class is out early!"
"When I stub both toes in the middle of the night."
"I need to karma whore for my cakeday but it's the middle of Finals week"
"Basketcar"
"I see you"
"Well.. I don't even.."
"How I feel when I load dryer sheets"
"My all time favorite .gif [FIXED]"
"All I can do is laugh when I use Google"
"The Bob Ross Google Doodle needed some touching up"
"Mr. and Mrs. Butthead..."
"How I feel about all these posts about summer vacation."
"My boss's jokes..."
"Hearing that a famous person is visiting my home town."
"8:15am class"
"Who can say why your heart sighs."
"a level 65 orca appears (x-post from /r/pokemon)"
"How to be a dick"
"Such a funny prank!"
"When I grow up... I want to be like mommy"
"Too damn perfect"
"Let me show you the dance of our people."
"NO NO NO NO NO"
"Always cheers me up"
"puppy tastes a lime."
"doggie dubstep"
"Tag team otter snorgle"
"how i feel as a college senior"
"When there's no tl;dr"
"me and my friends when the teacher says &quot; I assume you all read Ch.5&quot;"
"times is rough..."
"One word WTF !"
"Scumbag colleagues always throwing shit around in office"
"Train etiquette."
"PSY-Duck"
"Poke style"
"Aw yeah death check dat out"
"Oh  this is not gonna end well."
"Favelas of Brazil. The boundary between wealth and poverty."
"Patience"
"I don't even..."
"Master Chief: Gangnam Style (x-post from /r/halo)"
"How I feel on other people's cakeday after missing my own"
"LIKE A BUS!"
"The difference between All-Wheel Drive and Rear-Wheel Drive."
"I think this belongs here. The symbolism eludes me."
"OAG's One Night Stands"
"She has trouble letting go."
"Guys. Guys listen."
"Guys.. I have and ide.. Guys listen"
"Why Hello There.....NomNom"
"Cassini image of Saturn eclipsing the Sun [4725x2330]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Realizing a chocolate chip cookie is oatmeal raisin"
"When I eat my healthy food in front of people"
"Being a single mom is hard"
"The stupidity...  it burns..."
"I'll follow these next time I'm on a road trip."
"Time for some motherfucking Grammar"
"First day of filming"
"In the nuts!"
"Portrait of 3 Little Pig's Dad"
"Look who I ran into!"
"&quot;I just want this so I can put my dick in here and see how many people it feeds.&quot;"
"probably 4"
"Surprised Red Panda"
"This pretty much sums up my life since i discovered Reddit a month ago..."
"Recycling"
"For all those hard core gamers out there..."
"Do you want to play a game?"
"The basis of Reddit"
"No worries  no strife."
"Pop Lock and Drop It gone wild"
"Firefighters leave warehouse frozen in Chicago cold"
"After Fire  Chicago Warehouse Covered in Ice - Imgur"
"I'd give it a 9.7"
"First post ever... figured cats would be appropriate.."
"Thank God it's not God"
"Oh God Why..."
"I think he's doing it right... I think."
"My kind of party!"
"Inertia Drift!"
"Recently was in the hospital and this was beside my bed..."
"Meanwhile  in Japan!"
"NINJA CAT!!!"
"How 6'4&quot; me feels getting into my tiny toyota matrix"
"How Felix Baumgartner must feel right now"
"When I found out I can downvote by pressing 'Z'"
"I present: Lynfect's Cum Box"
"There weren't a lot of rules in the 80's."
"make a wish."
"Spider's Swag"
"Searched for Harry Potter Bin Laden on Google image search  was not disappointed."
"After my boss gives me three days to complete a project I told him would take me two weeks."
"After my boss gives me three days to complete a project I told him would take me two weeks."
"10 ways to prevent rape. (x-post pics)"
"OH YEAH!!"
"Is this the real life..."
"So I Googled &quot;The Most American Picture Ever&quot;. I was not disappointed."
"So I Googled &quot;The Most American Picture Ever&quot;. I was not disappointed."
"Human motor bike  who wants to ride?"
"Omegle didn't fail me this time...."
"My Cts teacher would not be proud."
"How I feel about the upcoming debate"
"Just the eyes"
"one of the scariest swaps i've seen..."
"My professor kicked me out of my school's honors program over a technicality. Here's an email I sent to him a year later."
"A classmate got kicked out of the honors program at my University. He sent this to the department a year later."
"Could this possibly be real?!"
"My friend's first photoshop: Force Lightning Cat"
"I think I shed a tear."
"Improvised Explosive Device."
"OK then  I'll just wait here."
"Banana Cat"
"My reaction when someone tells me to take a look at their computer because it's slow"
"Whenever my friend shows something nasty online"
"Please delete my history when I die."
"My reaction to finding my brothers spank bank.."
"His sadness pours out"
"What is he-... oh- oh wow  that is amazing!"
"Worst assassination attempt ever."
"Just a guy picking up President Obama"
"This picture is just great."
"Derp"
"How it feels getting my braces off..."
"How I feel packing to move out of my parents house"
"I'm currently on the bus  sitting next to a man in a cape with baby bottles taped to him."
"How i feel trying to reach the front page"
"He didn't expect it..."
"Can't think of any fancy titel. I just lol'd."
"-72 hours remain-"
"Clever bastard"
"Nicki Minaj"
"Well you're talented at stupid hairdos..."
"When I'm playing League of Legends and people realize I'm a girl."
"How I imagine it feels being the only woman at a party"
"I've heard stories of people seeing God in everyday things  but I never thought it would happen to me"
"See it to believe it: Cat Elevator!"
"So apparently cats have elevators now"
"And the Angel Said..."
"Florida's Finest Criminals"
"Abandoned mill from 1866"
"A real friends help you molt."
"Did not see this coming."
"Desert River in Baja California  Mexico"
"Desert Rivers  Mexico"
"No one would've believed it if there wasn't a picture to prove it."
"Paddle FASTER!!!"
"Johnny B. Goode"
"Someone just posted this on my newsfeed"
"I said get a CUP!"
"Vader's new girlfriend"
"Like I give a fuck..."
"Before the lock was invented."
"My mum found this under the sink and placed it with my body building supplements. She may be trying to kill me. (xpost from r/bodybuilding)"
"Not sure if guy is crying because of the cat's claws or because he's a real hardcore christian."
"Good idea/Bad idea...."
"Ok I know what the first girl is doing  but what is the 2nd girl doing?"
"True Athiest"
"Getting sick of all the costume posts? Don't worry.."
"Reminder for everyone  Game of Thrones season 2 is tonight!"
"It's time."
"According to the Mayans"
"Here we go."
"Go Outside and enjoy nature they said..."
"Sleepy Kitten"
"This is a real concern"
"What goes through my head when people I vaguely know use FB to play the pity card or ask for handouts."
"My favorite faceswap"
"What religious people think they're doing... [xpost from r/funny]"
"Most likely a repost but I laughed for a good 3 and a half minutes over this."
"Knock Knock"
"I read this in the voice of Phil Seben  the boss from Harvey Birdman  Attorney at Law."
"Regardless of how many times I've seen this  it remains my favorite picture on the internet."
"&quot;The American Way&quot;"
"'Merica..."
"LOL SRY BOSOX"
"When I want to make a comment on a post and someone else already said it."
"Dolphin Puuuuunch!"
"Dolphin Puuuunch!!!"
"So this happened while playing my mom in draw something"
"Uhhh  I'm not sure this is appropriate  Draw Something."
"DANM PEACOCK YOU SCARY!!"
"From my Facebook news feed. Solid advice!"
"Nuh Uh"
"So  my parents put my email on their church's email list without telling me last week. Just got this in my inbox. I'm not sure if they're joking or not."
"You may know him as Overly Manly Man but I know him as Charles Mulligan"
"Ground control to major dog.."
"Ground control to major dog"
"When my favorite sites are down..."
"Finding out that you're now single  through Facebook...at work."
"Can't touch this"
"98 Problems"
"Ever wondered how photographers take pictures of rock climbers?"
"How to photograph rock climbers"
"No thanks  i have things to do today."
"900 views on a pic I submitted and one person gave me a vote...This one is for only you!"
"How cool is this?"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"So this showed up on my newsfeed"
"Just when you think you've figured it out..."
"How to successfully troll dating websites."
"Red lightning"
"Just amazing..."
"Mother Nature's terrifying beauty"
"Millions of spiders climbed up into the trees to escape the rising flood waters  this is what the end result was."
"Rage comic rage"
"Rage comic rage"
"Pew Pew Pew"
"PEW PEW PEW"
"Metal gear kitten"
"Sneaky Kitty"
"How I feel as a Soldier getting groceries after work on 9/11"
"Bubbles. (fixed)"
"Space Odyssey Cat"
"I'll go get the Goron's Ruby... /sigh [x-post from r/pics]"
"First timer. Got what it takes?"
"I can't lie  I've been in this situation before..."
"A rare and frightened creature returning to it's natural habitat."
"But wait  there's more!"
"Me and my roommate when we realized it's officially Saturday and we don't have to go to bed early for work."
"shufflin"
"Geddan Dragon"
"When Youtube makes me choose between a 5 min. ad and a twilight ad."
"Never had a license..."
"Lost Dawg"
"I am a waiter and this is How I feel after giving great service but not getting any Tip and my Manager won't let me complaint about it with the customer."
"No words"
"Saw this on my Facebook"
"Gangnam Style Fries."
"Decided to check out 4chan once more. NOPE!"
"Ultimate Dance Skills"
"Bad Morning... Until I did it Gangnam Style"
"when she gets married... her husband is going to be a VERY happy man"
"I didn't want to sleep tonight anyways (post your best NOPE gif!)"
"I'm gonna burn this fucker to the ground."
"You Liston"
"Hello"
"Hey Steve  Check out this cool trick I saw on the internet"
"Remember the Atomic Sit-up? Meet Atomic Planking."
"4chan posted this on Facebook. I THOUGHT YOU WERE OUR FRIENDS."
"The original first person shooter"
"Unless I'm mistaken  this will hit the front page and spark a tantrum when it gets there."
"Saw the Rim job yahoo post... Reminded me of the Sandwich post."
"Finn &amp; Jake Pencil Carving"
"How I feel whenever my ex tries to talk to me"
"When your GF says YOU get to choose..."
"This creeped me out. He molested cats and I laughed at her when I was a child. What do you think Reddit?"
"Right in the child hood"
"Just some of the finer ones I've collected in my 600+ days on Reddit. Oh  and one is NSFW."
"ouch"
"Is there a political party for this? [x-post r/pics]"
"Found: Best Family Photo Ever"
"Skeleton Jelly"
"Oh god the flashbacks"
"Realistic fairy tales"
"Big man in the sky"
"So close!"
"Awesome design"
"I did not shave your wife (Super Antics)"
"What's the price on the TV  again?"
"Brgrlllll"
"Don't know what to paint your nails? Why not Zoidberg"
"How to explore the galaxy"
"My sunshine."
"City Workers..."
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"They need to make this game come true."
"Searched Overly Attatched Girlfriend..."
"I feel like this belongs here."
"I want to thank whoever it was that made this creepy masterpiece...no more sleep."
"Anytime I see parkour I think of this song."
"My president is better than yours"
"And he looked so sharp in the debates  too."
"Great campaign poster from r/punny"
"Anyone who has actually done this has my upmost respect"
"Vikings had it right."
"makes you think"
"Field Runners 2  calling me out."
"We are all guilty..."
"That'll do pig..."
"When I'm high at work and my boss assigns me a task."
"Thought I'd see what my kitten would do in a miniature house."
"CATZILLA: Friend who makes Doll Houses posted this on facebook"
"How I truly felt at the end of my day working in tech support."
"TGIF"
"When your post gets reposted and has 3 times more karma"
"How would you make Melbourne a better place?"
"Four naked chicks in a jacuzzi [SFW]"
"How we all felt at that age..."
"How I feel when someone gets tons of karma off of a repost"
"We all have that one unfunny friend."
"Seems like a cool ass tortoise.."
"this came up on my FB feed"
"Your argument is invalid."
"Yeah girl... wait  wtf?!"
"When you see it"
"Polyatheist"
"albino baby sea turtle"
"Eminem"
"When you have cats for hair..."
"searched &quot;king of reddit&quot;. was not disappointed"
"The dream of every male redditor by the end of No Shave November..."
"Found this in an /r/helpit thread"
"Deep  man. Ice Canyon  Greenland."
"Van Gogh's Starry Night"
"painter's depiction of what the sky and landscape in Starry Night would have looked like when Van Gogh painted it"
"Come at me bro!"
"Kowloon Walled City - China"
"African American Nurses helping a member of the KKK"
"This is probably a repost  but it's funny."
"Otterpops. Just Otterpops."
"Supermodels without makeup [OKAY]"
"Holy shit!"
"Well hey there"
"How I feel when I hit on girls"
"Her collection."
"With Will Arnett and Amy Poehler's split..we now have a new funniest couple in America"
"Handing threatening signs to children  and then calling your protests peaceful; works every time."
"Embrace your fate!"
"Embrace your fate!"
"Funny. I think the cat is photoshopped in though."
"I am the one who bakes."
"When my friends are laughing about something I don't know about"
"If you do this...fuck you!"
"How I feel when I see a VERY obvious repost."
"I woke up today to find my post on the front page"
"When I'm at a friend's house and find the silverware drawer on the first try."
"My reaction when I found a year old reddit account I forgot I signed up for."
"Sloths &lt;3"
"A literal sign our education system is lacking"
"Double Standard."
"Do As I Say  Not As I Do - Imgur"
"Chocolate Hills  China [960 x 687]"
"New Monkey Discovered"
"Monkey."
"slam dunk cat"
"Now that is a nice kitty"
"in the spirit of the NBA Playoffs....cat dunks"
"Yupee!"
"play on the swings  they said..."
"Caught in the act"
"Hamster booty!"
"I'd take the penthouse.."
"I was looking for Hugh Laurie photos and found this"
"How I feel whenever I browse r/new"
"Every Time I try to go on Facebook"
"Dont you hate it when a sign insults you on the way to work?"
"What do you normally do when Reddit's down?"
"Every time my phone gets no signal..."
"How I Feel When I Have No Service On My Phone"
"Purple Praying Mantis."
"Romney laughing a things. Lets see what you can do."
"A tornado in Colorado (X-post /r/colorado)"
"Just told my family i don't believe in God/Religions. AMA"
"So there you go."
"While Jesus is still on the front page. I thought I could share this."
"Those things can come out of nowhere"
"Don't get all up in my grill bro!"
"Why hello there  little doggle..."
"Oh hai"
"How I open the door for the pizza dude at an [8]"
"Navigating the 7-Eleven snack aisle after the bar"
"Only thing I could think of when reading Fifty Shades of Grey."
"Treading water"
"Hey reddit  my girlfriend painted this over the summer but she's not convinced she's any good. What do you guys think?"
"Every time my girlfriend shows me her work  I think she should be famous. VERIFIED"
"My favorite Stare Dad"
"If I had one hour to live.."
"Where would you spend your last hour?"
"Gimme! That's mine!"
"Want a hug?"
"For my First Cakeday!!  i raise you this  reddit...."
"This must be a terrible show then."
"TopGear"
"No title..."
"You traitorous swine."
"Mountain Goats ain't got SHIT on this."
"To connect or not to connect.....that is the question"
"Jesus I am your father... and you..."
"Kyle has a girlfriend."
"Yummy cake"
"Best Disguise ever"
"Pleasant Dreams"
"dammit  baby"
"C'mon baby."
"Emma Stone"
"Had to pee in a bush. I'm a girl."
"Pugception"
"Bailey: A pug in a pug costume."
"Mind = BLOWN"
"Playing with fire."
"Otherwise  leave him alone..."
"How I see most 'Mericans' even being one myself"
"Sandcastle? Why not Sand Corgi!!"
"Greatest .gif Of All Time"
"Arrested During Haircut"
"Good on you  Ron  keep calm and bang Hermione."
"Kayak fail"
"Darth Pyramid Head"
"The REAL difference between men and women"
"... Five Dogs a-Sleepin' ..."
"My girlfriend sent me this on facebook with the caption &quot;He has been... reborn!&quot;"
"I feel like it's trying to eat my soul.."
"This is probably the creepiest game I've ever played."
"I see your library in both Iran and Yale and raise you a library in the USA"
"I wish I was this rich."
"How to wash your dishes"
"...aaannnndd a pinch of fairy dust!"
"Skaters in Berlin having a color powdered war."
"Running with your dog? You're doing it wrong."
"They see me rollin'. They hatin."
"Come at me bro!"
"Game of.....The Wire?"
"and who said being a kid in russia wasn't fun"
"Highly magnified maggot"
"When ever someone says call me maybe"
"Whenever a friend posts a link to Facebook via an app I have to sign up for in order to see it"
"When I get a ton of upvotes and only one downvote"
"My reaction when my dad says iPhone is better than HTC One X."
"When I found out it was MrTwiggy who trapped my portal."
"When people assume Canadians are always nice...sorry"
"Life of a redditor"
"Hilarious Tampax Ad"
"Long live the King"
"Reddit Heaven"
"Where did you come from  where did you go"
"&quot;It's not rape if I have swag&quot;. Look at what this idiot has posted now!"
"1 like = 1 hostage released"
"Wish my dog could do this"
"After losing my wallet before the steam sale this is how it feels"
"A Conversation Between Manning and Brady (FB)"
"Discount Double Slammed!"
"a lesson for life"
"Push it to the limit"
"Some people never learn"
"So my friends finally got me to watch 2 girls one cup  my reaction..."
"Oh.."
"Well  what are you waiting for?"
"Seriously??"
"'MURICA"
"Back to the normal schedule  everyone. The Bible  Non-Fiction Version"
"Magic Hands"
"This girl can party"
"Shoplifting. Not even once."
"As soon as my mom leaves the house."
"Still my favorite gif"
"When I Dance (NSFW)"
"My neighbour took these at the Haliburton  Ontario landfill. Comfy Bear is Comfy."
"My neighbour took these at the Haliburton  Ontario landfill. Comfy Bear is Comfy. (x-post r/pics)"
"And he almost got away with it"
"Hey Carl!"
"I Trusted You..."
"If Apple  Nokia And Samsung Were High School Students"
"Just because you dress like a whore..."
"Dalai Lazers"
"Bless our troops"
"Who took my food ?!!!"
"How I feel when someone down votes my first post on Reddit"
"The Versatility of Dude"
"Don't look into the eyes! It's too cute!"
"They are EVERYWHERE !!"
"Happy March 1st!"
"Edge of the abyss...."
"The truest friendship ever to be on television."
"Humans and dinosaurs walked the earth together?"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"Mrs. Rape"
"When ever my &quot;cool&quot; friends make fun of me for playing TF2."
"Imagine your life if you hadn’t seen this."
"also googled the best cat picture on the internet.. not sure what to think of this.."
"I googled 'the best picture on the internet'. This was the first result."
"Googled 'best picture on the internet'  this was number one...it is magnificent!"
"Googled 'best picture on the internet' and this was number one...it is magnificent!"
"Searched 'greatest image on the internet'. Was not disappointed."
"Reddit + Crazy Cat Pictures = Instant Karma"
"Googled &quot;Reddit Haven&quot;.... was not disappointed"
"Overly Attached Nic Cage"
"Haters Are Never Ever Ever Gonna Hate Together"
"When someone downvotes your post days later after having been downvoted to oblivion."
"Best way to start your day!"
"Come here  I want to tell you something. [X-post r/gifs]"
"Asians  they never fail to amuse me. (No Racism intended)"
"In Celebration of Easter..."
"I am ashamed to say that I am curious to try some..."
"Deciding whether I really want to go to my 10 year High School reunion."
"Upvoting when the comment is brilliant  but the grammar is awful"
"Gotta have my Pops  bitch!"
"Because the comic source is always better than the film"
"My favorite atheist."
"Today marks the 10th anniversary of Super Smash Bros. Melee!"
"My expectations on my first cake day"
"Sometimes the highlight of a film is the closed captioning..."
"Casually browsing the internet when THIS ruins my day / life."
"My favorite reality swap. (C &amp; H)"
"Googled 'pigtits'. WTF is the little girl doing?"
"Why the south will never rise again..."
"Your move England...your move...."
"Sir  we'd all understand if you just left that by your car"
"What I think everyone who posts on /r/spacedicks looks like."
"Never agreed with a piece of graffiti more in my life..."
"Not any more they don't."
"Used to..."
"Saw this on Facebook... First pic I decided to submit"
"Rudolph has had enough!"
"used to."
"Gangnam Style"
"reminded me of you guys  redditors"
"We Need to Talk"
"Wu Tang Clan ain't nothin' to fuck with!"
"the bouncing bass"
"Sex Machine Ready to Reload"
"Oh Alyssa.."
"Danxia landform: The color is the result of an accumulation for millions of years of red sandstone and other rocks."
"How I feel when I have something of value to add to the conversation only to see the exact words written by someone else."
"Every time i try to get to the frontpage"
"Denied! [gif]"
"really?"
"Colorful ants!"
"Whenever a big one goes off."
"When we're talking about last night  as i look at my bank statement."
"Messed up bear."
"How I feel each new hour on Reddit."
"Aziz...Light"
"90% of the people on r/AskReddit"
"&quot;Onward  Cocoa.&quot;"
"Pug on a Horse."
"Gorilla Cricket!"
"I read it in Hank Hills voice and just about pooped my pants from laughing."
"For everyone who says &quot;What 'bout when your older&quot;..."
"Beard ruler shirt"
"Baseball level: Japan"
"Prostate exams under Romneycare..."
"Best .gif ever (From a Kiss Cam during a sporting event)"
"WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!"
"Utter terror in his eyes"
"Because I feel like it....."
"Mortal Kombat vs. The Bible"
"Picking up where you left off in a dungeon after a couple of days of not playing Skyrim."
"How I feel returning home for the holidays and my parents asking me to go with them to church..."
"After my roommate and I packed and rearranged our dorm to its original setup so we can move out"
"Logging on reddit lately..."
"Advice animals won't let me post  but here is my reaction to being off Reddit for 5 seconds"
"NOPE"
"Cocooned Trees  Pakistan"
"Ghetto"
"Want to feel like you're a GOD? Solar System Planets Candy Lollipop"
"Cooooorrrnnn..."
"If this is your supported browsers list...fuck you."
"This was taken during hurricane sandy by my friend. It's a shark swimming by the car. This is literally on the road."
"The penis witch"
"Why?"
"Dancing spider  'Ooh get down'"
"It's Electric!"
"Ok  it's unusual."
"still my favorite Obama moment"
"The bastard was hiding at Texas A&amp;M the whole time...[Cross-post from r/CFB]"
"Dont you hate it when you look at the sky and you see these things??"
"Free baby with any kids meal order! Only at BK"
"So...Yeah. This is actually happening."
"No. He belongs to the internet. Silly Christians."
"I found this by accident one night  and it is glorious."
"Dat grip"
"Zach Braff and Donald Faison reunited"
"&quot;Reunited and it feels so good...&quot; - Zach Braff"
"When you cant pet their fur...let em pet yours"
"How I feel once the edibles kick in..."
"Mine. No  mine. (GIF)"
"Obama and his backroom staff trace the live feed of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden."
"Baby elephants in a hot afternoon"
"Keep trying"
"Like father  like... son?"
"Everyone needs a role model."
"Homeless doesn't mean heartless."
"When you're trimming yourself and accidentally nick your scrotum"
"MFW I'm watching Planet Earth and the wolf catches the lamb"
"Pretty hard to fuck up a sandwich. (FB)"
"May I please get the source on the partyharddog.gif?"
"How i feel being with my SO during the down time"
"Poor Zach Galifianakis"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"How I sometimes feel as a conservative Christian on Reddit."
"Racism"
"So  I was just googling &quot;how to get karma on reddit&quot; when I found this:"
"Jesus saves this guy from Hell."
"Peripheral vision is whacked  by PeanutBuddha"
"All Dogs Go To Heaven."
"Call me $pngbob  stackin Krabby PattieZ"
"Thugbob Sweatpants"
"Only in Math"
"Oh nein you didn't!"
"Oh no she didn't"
"Always makes me laugh."
"No bother given."
"Everytime I see a sad post on Reddit"
"Sometimes stealing a purse is harder than you think"
"Lol Nope"
"When I read the MC Chris post  this meme comes to mind."
"How I feel when the power is out..."
"Every. Single. Day."
"When hearing about r/poop"
"A walk through the nintendo neighborhood"
"Repost  but It's my rl Cake Day  so Who Cares..."
"How my dad said he felt on his B-Day"
"I'll just leave this here."
"Trapped time"
"Someone had way too much time in his hand..."
"Time."
"Starry Night meets Deus Ex"
"Starry Night meets Deus Ex"
"Acid is one hell of a drug..."
"You were doing what??"
"And that kids  is why you shouldn't do acid."
"The four horsemen."
"just realized it's my day"
"Getting unexpected karma on a comment that I didn't think was that funny/clever/insightful"
"That moment when you find out a friend is a Redditor"
"Me when my attractive friend posts beach pictures."
"My reaction when I saw the first Shark week commercial."
"I Think It Sounds Like Brlrrrlrllbrlrbrlbrlrrbrbrblrbrllrbrrlrbrr [X-post from r/NSFW_GIFS"
"One of my Favourites! NSFW"
"Flapjacks  anyone? (nsfw)"
"She looks pleased to recieve a rose."
"Holy shit  nature"
"I guess I just like lightning...in any situation"
"Underwater Beauty"
"I never knew Jesus liked to party"
"The worst accident I ever seen..."
"Coming home high and seeing your parents are still up."
"Ya know what? Nahh"
"this has gotta be  uhh...kinda creepy for Leia"
"I see your snake eating a frog and frog eating a snake. I raise you a snake and frog eating each other."
"Father of the year"
"Just A Cool Pic Of A Cat Chasing A Mouse"
"Monday morning  8 am"
"How many girls are there?"
"My new cat  Mr.Whiskers  saw him on the side of the road 2 weeks later  i have a kitten."
"Ugh these things are so attracted to my computer screen at night..."
"Aw shit"
"I don't know!"
"&quot;Mr. President  the Prime Minister has been notified of your consent. He has begun initiation for the airstrike.&quot;"
"Now leaving bikini bottom"
"My friends ask me why I'm atheist. I print them one of these."
"The truth is never embarrassed by honest inquiry."
"i said dont touch me!"
"Trying to downvote cats."
"Kitten Cannon cat doesn't want to play anymore"
"Just beat Journey  I think this is the most movielike game I've ever played. (It felt like a really good pixar film  but no talking)"
"Cake Day Kitty!"
"He's the man"
"I know it's not an animal  but my girlfriend showed me this picture."
"(Up)vote"
"Probably a repost  but still one of my favorite pictures of all time."
"Mario Kart IRL"
"Really? Terrorism now too?"
"The worst use of a meme I have seen..."
"The first known picture of Michael Phelps"
"ALWAYS the fastest swimmer"
"Thorgi"
"Grand Theft Auto Jerusalem"
"WTF"
"My vote for best face swap."
"I think we've all done this."
"Like a sir"
"Adventure Time?"
"Target Acquired."
"Daniel Day-Lewis as Lincoln"
"I used to look up to this guy when I was younger."
"This fucking guy."
"Hands down the best athlete of our time."
"As a kid  this was my favorite athlete"
"Ebony magazine  August 1985. What Michael Jackson may look like in the Year 2000"
"A man getting drilled in the head."
"Home Made Drugs"
"Wife was having a bad day made this for her in about 10 mins. Niel D. Tyson and Niel Pat. Harris riding a kitty."
"Girl rats out her sister  sister posts girl's 'hook-up' list to facebook while tagging all those on the list"
"found this on facebook..."
"my dad is either a bad ass...or a bad parent."
"HEADSHOT"
"Ghosts think they're so clever."
"Every time I get on here drunk..."
"relaxin' by the pool"
"My reaction when hearing about free pancake day at IHOP tomorrow"
"Tomorrow is free pancake day at IHOP"
"And then  how I feel after making it into the top 100 on r/funny"
"As my karma approaches 1000"
"Everyone in r/gaming right about now"
"How I felt the first time one of my posts made it to the front page of a subreddit."
"The first time i knew i was gonna have sex....FIXED"
"My reaction upon seeing all the Tard the Grumpy Cat posts on imgur."
"B-52 Stratofortress"
"The importance of hand position"
"How the friendzone works"
"The ironing is delicious"
"My friend's cat is named &quot;Murderface&quot; and I can see why!"
"Model helicopter"
"camouflage practice"
"Hey!"
"It was a damn shame"
"There's an owl in this coffee"
"This is Australia"
"Dogs on a train"
"My new favorite gif"
"Single Ladies"
"Stairs are for losers..."
"This is a wasp."
"Trading items in DayZ"
"It's been just over 11 years since I saw this  and it gets me every time."
"Done with finals  commence reddit overload"
"A clock"
"Good value headphones infographic (x-post /r/LifeProTips)"
"Catching a very obscure reference."
"I am a young-Earth creationist..."
"Aurora and the Milky Way."
"This pretty much sums up my feelings as I watched the game."
"How I feel after skipping a season in a TV series"
"Can't tell if one is really short  or one is really tall..."
"How I feel when I walk into r/conspiracy"
"So I walked into r/politics by accident"
"Whenever you visit a website and music starts to autoplay..."
"Every time I stumble into r/nosleep"
"Every Redditer's first experience with /r Spacedicks"
"I checked out Digg today..."
"When i walk in to a brothel and see my grandson at the front desk."
"Coming home at an [8] and realizing my parents haven't left yet"
"Where Tinkerbell's pixie dust comes from."
"A good way to drum up business in more ways than one..."
"Nice try  funeral home."
"Clever advertising"
"I feel so guilty"
"How I feel after downvoting"
"How the GOP looks when it insists that it didn't lose to the issues."
"Dr. Hedgh is not having a good time"
"I don't know why I do this to myself..."
"An average night"
"Walked in on my roommate... you know."
"Everyone who wanted to do an AMA today"
"Great swell in Laguna Beach"
"Oppan Romney Style"
"NO  FUCK NO!"
"And on that day  not a single fuck was given."
"This guy reminds me of my 9th grade science teacher."
"The first time I took LSD"
"Me Tarzan! You Jane!"
"look who I found!"
"Neiner Neiner"
"How I feel now that all my friends have girlfriends"
"No really... Fuck the police"
"lolwut"
"Fuck The Police! - Imgur"
"No  literally..."
"German soldier with a cat on his head while wearing a nightshirt  a helmet  boot  armed with a bayonet  and standing in front of a latrine."
"And a candy coated teddy bear for you!"
"American History X on Kinect"
"How I feel when people ask me where I find funny stuff"
"Simply genious."
"we're good."
"The algorithm they use must be very shitty..."
"Internet's opinion on your mom"
"On the edge of the Earth"
"My #1 favorite thing to do in college"
"Me after starting Amnesia: The Dark Descent at 12:30 AM"
"How I feel going to the bar with my girlfriend's friends."
"After replying to a girl's &quot;I like you&quot; text saying I liked her too  then finding out it was one of her friends..."
"When I decided to wear jeans in the summer in the south"
"When you tell people you got addicted to reddit who don't know what reddit is."
"I just went to my new girlfriend's apartment for the first time and saw a huge Justin Bieber poster"
"me avoiding political discussions"
"Sir Tupac I concur with your lyrical wisdom"
"Haven't seen a good one in awhile."
"This is how I feel having just verged into spacedicks."
"How I feel when I realize I'm beyond page 4 of any subreddit"
"After scrolling through 30 pages of r/funny"
"Oh  mercy me!"
"So my friend was cutting peppers when..."
"Whenever I lose a board game."
"Finally putting this space to good use"
"Dodging death LIKE A BOSS"
"Fuck iPod  This baby was 500G sporage"
"Barely made it"
"You startled me!"
"NOOOO BUMBLEBEE NOOOOOO"
"The Lion of Lucerne."
"I convinced my girlfriend and her friends to dress as #1"
"... What?"
"You have defeated the Wife monster! +100XP - LEVEL UP!"
"Kitty Smack Down"
"Not a damn thing you can do"
"The original Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"Hey  you know who was great in TDKR?"
"When someone asks me who tokes in my family..."
"My wife asked me who I would sleep with if I were single....."
"Does she at least get paid for this..?"
"Abandoned Yugoslavian monument."
"I knew I wasn't the only one who enjoys going up the down escalator"
"Changing a Lightbulb"
"Re-posting because OP is a pussy and deleted it."
"Romney's promo photo on Facebook today. Notice the signs."
"r/aww needs more kittens"
"What is boat?"
"Uncanny resemblance"
"Grumpy Jeremy"
"I just.. what the..."
"February 29"
"As a manager at a theater tonight..."
"Brace Yourselves"
"Every year since 2004"
"RIP Michael Clark Duncan  Thanks for making me laugh and cry..."
"There's no way Reddit hasn't seen this  but I just found it and it deserves a big AWWWWW!"
"My reaction when I accidentally stepped on my cats tail"
"On the left is San Diego  located in the United States. On the right is the densely populated border town of Tijuana  located in Mexico. http://twistedsifter.com/2011/02/picture-of-the-day-the-us-mexico-border/"
"Guess which side in San Diego and which side is Tijuana."
"The United States-Mexico border"
"I just now figured this out."
"First time on gifsound. How did I do?"
"I could watch this all day"
"I think my milk is bad."
"I see your rower's hand and ballerina's feet and raise you a lawyer's heart"
"My girlfriend and I over the past 2 years"
"fucking nickelback"
"SHITSHITSHITSH-- Oh. Alright then."
"50 Shades of..."
"50 Shades of Gay"
"There's a special place in hell for people who do this"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Well hello there Mr! ...Oh"
"Some Men..."
"...excuse me"
"Hearing my friends explain what happened while I was drunk."
"When I see a friend make a terrible post and get downvoted into oblivion"
"A Tibetan Mastiff -- Cost: $1.5 million"
"For people that set off fireworks on July 3rd"
"At least his tattoo is accurate [NSFW][NSFL]"
"Chicken Nuggets  omnonmonomnom"
"Just a Panda"
"...alright."
"Every time I see a fat chick with wings tattooed on her back.."
"This just popped up on my news feed."
"What I feel like when I do an assignment at the last minute."
"When writing an essay [FIXED]"
"He made me post this. I'm sorry"
"Weed"
"the presidency is a bitch for your complexion."
"I think I'll pass on the Veggie Dogs"
"I hate two things in life"
"Went to an 80s new wave club last night..."
"Awesome curves and nice waves. [NSFW]"
"highway to the danger zone."
"While not consistant  these are my three favorite cast photos from &quot;The Dark Knight Trilogy.&quot;"
"Favorite GIF of 2012. Happy New Year!"
"Be hard to work here and not laugh everyday."
"I'm a sheep."
"I see your Spider in California and raise you this!!!!"
"a reason to be pro-choice"
"The weirdest positioned cat I have ever seen."
"A pumpkin mooned my friend last year."
"more real Gamgam Style! wooo! sexyy"
"So I texted my brother that I got a fish today and this was his response."
"I GOT THIS!"
"Ready boots? Start walking!"
"There aren't enough owls on here  so here's one yawning."
"Every time I see an orange juice commercial."
"What video does this gif come from?"
"Worth it for playing in the car at night as a kid."
"Googled &quot;I don't even have words for this&quot;"
"Package for Josh Nichols"
"When driving out of state and seeing my states licence plate."
"Seeing a post on the front page you upvoted in r/new"
"How I feel when I post a comment on a post that's on the front page and actually get an upvote."
"Quick  what's the most powerful pokemon in the world?"
"It must've been an accident"
"aww"
"Critical Condition"
"What I feel when a christian says that I will burn in hell for all eternity"
"Do the Dog"
"I'm actually really quite impressed at how graceful his movements are."
"The force is strong with this one"
"You only had one job!! Unbelievable."
"snuggles"
"So I come home at 9 o'clock and notice it's my cake day. Oh  the irony."
"Fuck Yeahr"
"The Deadly Sins by Kris Kuksi"
"Just captured moments before the jump!"
"&quot;Sometimes you have to go up high to understand how small you are&quot;"
"‎&quot;Sometimes you have to go up high to understand how small you are&quot;"
"Zombie girl body paint"
"You'll be the Cock of the Walk"
"&quot;I know origami.&quot; Show me."
"Switchbot [fixed]"
"Focused."
"Rice Fields"
"For my cakeday I present my favorite picture."
"Now that I've graduated..."
"Business Cat is on vacation"
"Bubble beats bb"
"Glamour puss"
"Okay...I'll try them on..."
"Spider Table!"
"Excuse me  Sir. Your head looks like a..."
"Just my dog being a dick"
"&quot;Now that's a wiener I'd like to cuddle with&quot;"
"Joined a mass communications course at my university and received this for homework..."
"And I've just noticed there's a picture of Jesus... (NSFW)"
"i can has?"
"Happy baby llama"
"In honor of the 2012 World Series  The Bat Master."
"Feel like this every time I watch the news."
"When a post makes it to the front page with an obvious grammatical error that no one points out"
"Whenever I see the download speed for a torrent slowly dropping"
"Kid Sucker Punch"
"i don't even know what this is but it's awesome."
"Hendrix"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today [Fixed]"
"Be Inspired"
"So this exists."
"My dogs when I get home from work."
"I feel it"
"Beer makes you smarter..."
"Carly Rae Jepsen meets Liam Neeson"
"Found this gem on my news feed."
"Moses you prick"
"Water get down from there  you are not bridge."
"The Magdeburg Water Bridge  River over a river"
"The Magdeburg Water Bridge- The worlds largest water bridge  with a span of 348 ft. (106 m)"
"Made me smile (:"
"Just a kitty sewing  that's all"
"Just a kitty sewing  that's all"
"Me gusta Tarzan"
"Look at its eyes."
"This is how I feel about the first upvote i get on a post"
"I can't imagine any girl that wouldn't want a piece of THIS guy"
"The Four Horsemen"
"When I have a small party and uninvited guests I don't like walk in."
"When I have a small party and uninvited guests I don't like walk in."
"When an argument starts in class"
"Late for class"
"Oh wait.."
"Sorry guys. I didn't mean to I swear."
"Wooden Mind-Fuck"
"Hipster puppy."
"Smartest dog in the world!"
"Thats not how you high five someone..."
"It's almost perfect."
"I need to do this."
"Underwater Hoverround"
"Truly Inspirational."
"soiled it"
"This is a picture of Batman stabbing a shark with a lightsaber."
"Sup"
"Oh. Hey Chris Bosh?"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus!"
"Not everyone will have a smoke in such weather  and in such a place."
"All ready for Fall!"
"how I feel celebrating my birthday on 9/11...."
"When everyone in the class says we didn't have homework when we did  and the one guys like.."
"Party wagon"
"College students will get this"
"It goes great with everything!"
"Don't mind me."
"This is ridiculously entertaining"
"SHE SEES ALL!"
"So I was watching this hot lesbian scene  and out popped a dick.."
"Put this as your Facebook picture and see what happens"
"The best around"
"Calvin and his ego"
"Turn the Page"
"It's alive. [NOPE]"
"Receiving scores for midterms...."
"I found the location where Felix Baumgartner went into puberty."
"Whenever an idiot gives an idea in a group activity"
"Just makes you feel good"
"&quot;What the fuck am I going to do with all these fucking hotdogs?&quot;"
"*Insert clever title here*"
"the caped crusader"
"I must go"
"Story of Palestinians"
"This makes me laugh"
"This will always be my favourite gif."
"Dwight Schrute is a master of disguise."
"DUN DUN DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DUNNNN"
"Identity theft is a not a joke  Jim."
"So a man dates a woman  she cheats on him  and they break up. It doesn't end there."
"Money on his mind!"
"Submerged plane in the Bahamas [990x742]"
"tra la la la la"
"How I feel taking the last soda in the fridge at work"
"Asian mentality"
"Upvoting a post on r/new"
"Still getting his legs under him"
"When I make a funny face on skype"
"I don't think they get the irony..."
"This showed up on my Facebook Newsfeed."
"One of my Steam friends sent me this at almost 1 AM."
"Mooove out of the bathrooooom  I have to do my hair. (NSFWish)"
"I've heard pregnant women complain about feeling like a cow  but this is a little extreme. NSFW"
"Just straightening my hair"
"Nice Dolphin"
"Food Chain"
"Not even once."
"Foreplay."
"I hear that reddit likes alt art- here is a smurf to wash out the bad taste caused by the film"
"Dat Ass!"
"It's Caturday."
"Stand back."
"Happy birthday!"
"How NOT to blow out your candles."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"How I feel on a Friday night."
"Haters goin' hate."
"Cop car hurdle fail... x/post from r/funny"
"A weemba weh! a weemba weh!"
"why yes  yes it is."
"God damn allergies."
"Weightlifting mouse !!!"
"Can't remember i saved this  but just stumbled over it  and wanted to share"
"Curiosity self shot [FIXED]"
"High?"
"How pumpkins were made"
"Halloween baby"
"My sister send me this pic from her work at the hospital."
"it is getting windy in NY"
"Statue of Liberty during Hurricane Sandy"
"Internet justice league"
"this seems accurate"
"Thought this was pretty accurate"
"The Internet Justice League"
"F**k you  I'm a horse. - Imgur"
"Mom takes cumshot to the face  son sees it on facebook."
"Every single morning"
"When I see my friends out at a party"
"AHHHHAHHHHHAHHH"
"Ireland."
"When does the... Oh shit."
"Caption This"
"how i browse reddit when im drunk [aka now]"
"Wise words  Arthur."
"Owh my..."
"Dolphins vs. Women"
"Hurberblubablibuai"
"I don't always blow up the Death Star  but when I do..."
"I was recalling all the dead memes...this was my friend's response to 'Rich Raven'"
"I'm pretty sure this has been posted before  but I've never laughed so hard in my life."
"How i feel playing imgur roulette"
"lol"
"When a cute girl goes from &quot;in a relationship&quot; to &quot;single&quot; on Facebook"
"As an ex-Mormon whose family hasn't spoken to since resigning a year ago  this is how I feel whenever I see a post ridiculing the Mormon church. Thank you!"
"How to dance"
"Bliss.jpg Then and Now (inspired by a post from r/pics)"
"After eating way too many sour candies."
"Happy Family!"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"Drugs dont do them."
"A mighty pine spring."
"Holiday Fox [x-post from r/foxes]"
"Back to our roots  eh?"
"I... don't even know."
"Ecuador's Tallest Waterfall"
"The days before Reddit"
"Yeah right..."
"Kitten and puppy think they're sisters!"
"O_O"
"the violator"
"I have some idea of what im doing"
"This is why we can't have nice things"
"Confusing nipples"
"WHO NEEDS A GIRLFRIEND..."
"just cats"
"Tough Choice"
"Only in New Mexico"
"How I feel posting on Reddit sometimes"
"When I tried to explain reddit to my friend and she said it was still too confusing."
"Um....I think I'll hold it in..."
"WANT"
"Kitten and Bubbles"
"One of those pictures where you wonder if there's a subreddit more appropriate for this than r/wtf"
"I actually searched &quot;something reddit would fuck&quot; and I got this  this beats the yeast out of the dough boy."
"How seven girls having a slumber party look like"
"How I broke the news to my cheating ex that I was leaving her"
"Thirsty?"
"Just a ducky in a cup. No big deal."
"I guess i'll pay this in my after life?"
"Take em' away"
"Religion explained."
"Best Face Swap ive ever seen"
"Found in a Sky Mall catalog at 38k feet..."
"Adorable kitty thinks it's a bird"
"Blake Anderson fur sure"
"Every argument on the internet ever"
"The original &quot;When you see it...&quot;"
"When you see him..."
"Most people know Stephen Hawking the wheelchaired genius  but few people know Stephen Hawking the hipster"
"Dragon Mom Corner: Veg Moms Cheken Moms"
"Cake Day!"
"How i feel with some one (fixed) my post and got more upvotes"
"&quot;We Run This Shit&quot;"
"Yuri Gagarin (Fixed)"
"I think it's about time we had an accurate version of this."
"nutella  bread sticks  and tea"
"I want to have sex  but my girlfriend doesn't"
"This is why colour matters..."
"Today is Canadian Thanksgiving. Instead of going around and saying what we are thankful for  we go around and say what we are sorry for..."
"Did anyone else love this show?"
"turtle baby"
"Cute little turtle guy."
"I seriously love this."
"Words cannot express how much this picture made my day"
"u mad  brain?"
"Just doing my part when Reddit is bogged down on a Friday night."
"Killer relationship."
"The ONLY reason I don't use ad-blockers."
"No "
"Troll level: Master"
"Master troll at a Brazil feminist rally. Just look at that expression"
"just the frogman challenge gif"
"I see you posted Bond. My friend asked me to post Bale. I don't know why either."
"A picture of two Ducks in a Tea-Cup"
"There's only one word for a tattoo of this magnitude"
"The roses are..."
"Friends are a lot like trees"
"That's a nice and happy little bush right there."
"Nicholson is not amused by trolls"
"I would ask that we do both at the same time."
"Never forget"
"Spongebob and Sandy will never forget"
"Reddit at bed time."
"The perfect combination of brains and beauty"
"This is the only picture of Mitt Romney in a Chipotle you will ever need."
"Mitt Romney Goes to Chipotle"
"Mitt Romney Is In My Kitchen !"
"Mitt Romney visited a Chipotle in Denver today. Awkward..."
"What I think of when my friends that had kids in high school post parenting advice."
"what's better than a triceratops?"
"Well yeah  just behind the Lesothosaurus."
"r/catholicism didn't really appreciate this"
"Mr. Rodgers?"
"When I critical hit Elite four pokemon before they full restore."
"President Obama getting the dirt off his shoulder"
"While looking for local Wifi spots..."
"At this point  I just know I'm not in the right neighborhood."
"my house hasn't been raided yet"
"How I feel every time we beat a country in the Olympics and they cry"
"Amazing photograph of a dragonfly covered in water droplets"
"Friend Break-Ups"
"All GTA 5 screenshots as of 8/24 (x-post from r/GTA)"
"Grand Theft Auto V is most likely ready for a release date..."
"Cee Lo everybody  it's Cee Lo"
"Bitch please i do what i want"
"A beautiful field of sunflowers"
"What Most Redditor's do in their Spare Time"
"When did Facebook turn into a clingy girlfriend?"
"I will never unwrap a present again."
"If the world was ruled by presents"
"I was astonished not to find this already done. Epic Sax President."
"This pictures turns my world upside-down."
"I raise you a baby owl."
"the truth about trying to succeed on reddit"
"Caterpiller? or Pokemon?"
"Hello!"
"Told my girlfriend I love when the page is full of blue links. Woke up to this."
"Can't break Moe's stride"
"Why is she so sad? (xpost r/photoshopbattles)"
"How I feel every time I miss the beginning of a new meme on Reddit."
"Trick or Treat!"
"prepare your anus"
"Kush and Lyrikz going all out"
"I too can take bath in small bathing tub"
"Reading the Morning Paper"
"Sometimes the most subtle gifs are the best ones"
"True friendship is blind."
"How I feel after I cash my checks."
"Cure for SAPs"
"this is why we make jokes about you Jews~"
"Oh snap!!1"
"Looking into a microwave popcorn bag while opening it"
"Which way'd he go? Thanks mate"
"Thanks mate!"
"A Redditor maybe?"
"Bet you won't open the door"
"George Takei just posted this on his Facebook."
"Nah thanks -Satan"
"Always remember to report them"
"I still have no idea what just happened..."
"Facebook has been brutally honest lately"
"I think Neil Patrick Harris was just accepting Jason Segel's &quot;challenge&quot; from his last tweet..."
"When someone asks if I'm a redditor."
"Every time I get a hair cut."
"Wait a minute..."
"The biggest asshole in video games"
"We're expecting a baby"
"So when I was playing the PETA version of Pokemon  I unlocked a wallpaper. Thought I would share it."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Worship me"
"Great pick up line"
"Shakespeare couldn't have said it better."
"I think it was a yes"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"What are you gonna do..."
"What are you gonna do  stab me ?"
"I has a hat"
"Don't Mess with Trump"
"Scrabble."
"To all those people who hate Usain Bolt"
"Every 60 seconds on the Internet..."
"This Happens Every 60 Seconds On The Internet"
"In 60 Seconds..."
"Are you ready for the presidential debate tonight?"
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game For Tonight"
"Tonights official debate drinking game!"
"I know what I'll be doing during the debate..."
"Skull-faced caterpillar."
"Yup  Fuck everything about this."
"The cake day jive"
"So.. I made it to the front page for the first time last night"
"Bowling ball Headshot"
"How I Feel Being The Only White Guy At My Local Basketball Court"
"Spotted at Lil Wayne's house on Cribs"
"Walken on sunshine."
"Hey  check out my new tattoo!"
"Since we are on the topic of funny condoms."
"Only in America"
"I see you...!"
"Not ghetto at all"
"I posted this on Facebook a while ago  completely forgot I had ever seen it  then stumbled on it today. I can barely look at the screen right now  I'm laughing so hard."
"Bouncing Kitty [Previously on /r/gifs"
"To The Front Page!"
"Where I want to be right now"
"And it was only the day before that Mittens owners had him declawed..."
"Behind the Scenes of Star Wars"
"I love elephants too  Reddit."
"Repost from r/pics: Baby Stingray"
"Baby stingray with legs. We are no longer safe."
"White Tiger underwater"
"I have....no words for this..."
"Be careful"
"How the characters must feel"
"the most ignored sign on the road!"
"Bollywood can be so goddamn awesome."
"Indian Crime Stopper"
"Milky Way over Piton de l'Eau  Reunion Island; the photographer waited for nearly two years for the sky and clouds to be just right to get this shot"
"Milky Way over Piton de l'Eau  Reunion Island; the photographer waited for nearly two years for the sky and clouds to be just right to get this shot"
"Rick needs one of these ASAP! (credit:Tyler7p7  x-post from /r/funny)"
"Olympic weightlifting injury."
"Olympic weightlifting injury."
"The Dark Knight Rises 3D Art"
"Fall Cat- xpost r/pics"
"Say that five times really fast..lego's anyone?"
"They really do exist!!"
"sup bro"
"It's not very attractive but DAMN if it isn't creative. NSFW"
"Girls are delicious."
"If this loads right  you'll laugh  i guarantee it"
"Am I the only one who would watch every damn minute of this?"
"Summer nights."
"hide and seek"
"Skater of the year..?"
"Just don't take the middle one."
"How I feel after not masturbating for two days."
"It's Finally March..."
"apple fanboys today"
"I may have teared up a little."
"Still one of my favorite images from the internet"
"How I feel about most personal stories on Reddit"
"Sad Keanu gets around."
"Marbles..."
"And that's how your mom and I met"
"When I read the &quot;Name four random items I'd find in your pocket and I'll tell you your cause of death&quot; post"
"1300 Year Old Tree"
"Step away from the hovercat..."
"Hover Troll"
"auto-vac cat-smack"
"My reaction when I found out my ex-girlfriend is in a new relationship two weeks after we broke up."
"Browsing new on r/gonewild (SFW)"
"That guy trying to pass everyone on the shoulder gets his.(x/post from /r/satisfaction)"
"For my Cake Day  one of my favorites..."
"This defined my childhood"
"What?!? There aren't any koalas on reddit?!?!"
"That awkward moment when you sodomize your sink..."
"How to keep an idiot busy"
"Smiley face fire! Go!"
"How the hell did he launch himself across the mat?"
"Super Ref!!!"
"How I feel downvoting a post with one upvote"
"eBay is a no-no"
"How i feel when i get my paycheck"
"BOOM SHAKALAKA!"
"How I envision myself doing when I'm about to post something original."
"Dude  what the hell! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Israel and Palestine"
"When Lincoln sees a repost on r/new"
"As a guy who has never eaten a Twinkie [Fixed]"
"Hold my hand  Jack."
"Attempting to make the front page."
"Me trying to make it to the front page."
"How to get rid of annoying people following you in car."
"You're good  Siri"
"Siri's got jokes."
"What are you wearing?"
"&quot;Talk dirty to me&quot;"
"It will certainly get old someday but Siri is great"
"Siri you hypocritical bitch!"
"Ok..."
"I'm sure that's the only reason why not"
"Remembering all who we lost on this day one year ago."
"We will never forget"
"A pug with vampire teeth. That is all."
"Lost my appetite"
"I've never not wanted dinner..."
"Supper Time [NSFW]"
"The most dangerous part of Christmas."
"Redditor puts a sign around bulldog's neck - for that sweet karma  of course."
"That shit crazy."
"How I feel when my cakeday is coming up."
"Me at my computer after submitting a post."
"Me reading the Nathan Fillion AMA"
"Yeah  that pretty much sums up his singing."
"I was listening to some of my old playlists  and I recalled this photo..."
"So...my aunt got a cat."
"We all just want someone to lean on"
"I've been looking for a job for over a year...I think this is what's happening"
"Trying to turn my girlfriend on (sfw)"
"Fuck this shit I'm leaving"
"This is what I use for my daily inspiration."
"meet Insano. world tallest waterslide"
"The inspiration behind Netanyahu's bomb pic!"
"what it feels like to finally have a successful post on Reddit"
"Feel this is appropriate..."
"Well that's quite a talent"
"2014 if Romney is elected."
"Wait..... what?"
"Kid bathing in a sink."
"What Romney needs to do to win (Cracked)"
"A day on Earth. (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Awesome Globe Gif is Awesome"
"People are complaining about the lack of OC  Here is a drawing I did..."
"I laugh every time"
"One day you may need this Reddit."
"I told my sister it was my Cakeday today..."
"What it feels like to get more upvotes for a reply than the original comment."
"Psychedelic reindeer"
"Wait for it..."
"All time favorite gif."
"&quot;I HAVE THE POWER!&quot;:The Christmas Edition"
"yeah...i got nothing"
"Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer"
"Christmas is drawing near"
"As I get older I wish Santa was more and more like this"
"Merry Christmas Season Gaymers &lt;3"
"Someone should put a 'Didn't Read LOL' over this"
"Drake Passage  Palmer Peninsula  Antarctica [1920x1200]"
"husky puppy!"
"Saw this on FB..."
"This doesn't concern you. Keep walking."
"Gimme all your karma or Mr. Binks gets it!"
"House porn! Who's coming with me?"
"By far my favourite Gif."
"Striking a light in slow-mo"
"I hope everyone enjoyed the fireworks tonight as much as this kid."
"brave kitty"
"kitten+ zombie reference= upvotes?"
"Slinky Magic"
"Slinky"
"when my friend says she's lonely after being single for six weeks"
"When someone makes a good point in an argument."
"This... changes... everything."
"Brilliant"
"Bomb tech competency exam"
"Prank that would make you shit your pants"
"Dogs are just the cutest animals!"
"BANOASDCS"
"Crystal Cave of Svinafellsjokull  Iceland"
"Starry Night"
"People who intentionally repost"
"The day I discovered rolling in Super Smash Bros..."
"Mind = blown"
"When you post and it isn't hosted on imgur..."
"TIL the Irish developed a method to forecast the weather by hanging a stone on a string"
"FOLLOW THAT GOAT!"
"Not seeing The Dark Knight Rises tonight. This will be me until I see it sometime tomorrow."
"Whenever I close out of reddit accidentally and I am 11 pages deep"
"Oh Adelaide!"
"Hipster Ariel"
"She was in the ocean before it was cool"
"Hitting Random  which brings up Spacedicks. My reaction"
"When I learned that Owl City has a new song. And then learned it featured Carly Rae Jespen"
"Ideal Bf (X-post from r/funny)"
"Well at least she doesn't have to wear socks."
"my friend showed me r/spacedicks today...."
"Never Forget."
"for my cake day  I would like to share my favorite gif ever made"
"Hey Reddit Look What I found!"
"Her Majesty demonstrating her mastery of war machines (in the driving rain  no less). God Save the Queen."
"The Queen firing off a gun (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing an SA80"
"Whenever people say Reddit is stupid"
"Every time someone tries to one-up me..."
"Cool story  bro."
"How I feel upvoting my girlfriend's first post on Reddit"
"When teachers try to be funny on the first day."
"they're mine!!"
"Man mix and matches animal parts to create his own fucked up animals."
"Yeah  I'm chubby. Wanna fight about it? [x-post r/delightfullychubby]"
"Don't worry  I will."
"Classic 4chan."
"Pretty Much the exact wording a friend and I used to discuss just this on tuesday"
"World War II Final Boss"
"Whenever two trainers make eye contact."
"christmas present for my cat this year"
"Semi 1  SUV 0"
"Aaaaannndd it's gone!"
"What the fucking fuck"
"Bringing furries to a new level"
"At first I was....[NSFW/L]"
"Dog-man[nsfwish?]"
"Movie posters with one letter removed"
"Let the bodies hit the floor."
"Finishing a project after an all nighter"
"I hope you get hit by a car. Fuck off  eat shit  and die."
"Still my favorite Craigslist troll"
"Oh FUCK!!!"
"How I feel when one of my posts flops..."
"Squirrel knots are cool. The Rat King is scary."
"Is pinky out proper etiquette?"
"DAT moment"
"My friend told me to Google &quot;Brawny man&quot;. I didn't spell it correctly. Here's the first image from my search."
"Suddenly  friend becomes foe [gif]"
"Will likes big butts and he cannot lie..."
"For your Halloween enjoyment  I present bat cat..."
"Giving some dap."
"Don't use this wallpaper."
"Stumbling onto r/fearme"
"2 girls 1 cup......."
"Bitch  I'm Flawless"
"Owls are weird."
"Cute little Barn Owls"
"There are really people like this?"
"And the award for best costume goes to.."
"what happens when you let guys bake (FIXED)"
"Don't Die"
"What i think is happening when my package is past the arrival date."
"the worst firefighter"
"A painting of Ron Paul."
"How I felt upon hearing that a Scarface remake has been given to the Fast and the Furious screenwriter..."
"Enough is enough"
"Top Google Result for 'Best Picture Ever.' I agree."
"My team whenever I play online games..."
"I found Jesus today"
"He works in mysterious ways..."
"Sounds like a party to me."
"This picture will always cheer me up  no matter what."
"EVERY time I read a haiku"
"Photorealistic Popeye"
"So this exists..."
"So I Googled &quot;so I googled&quot;  I'm at a loss for words"
"How I feel when I see a &quot;huh&quot; guy post."
"If you love jesus[NSFW]"
"Nyan cat's little sister."
"With a special filter on your camera  you can see how cats actually emit karma! A remarkable invisible force!"
"Lolcat  Circa 1905"
"Top Post on Reddit  circa 1900"
"I feel sad for him  because he doesn't know how quickly he won't be able to do this anymore."
"hello! welcome to my aquarium!"
"REJECTION"
"Checkmate atheists!"
"Great scott!"
"Oh wow didn't see that coming"
"Batman getting creepy"
"Poor chick"
"Toddlers and tiaras"
"I see your maze that took 7 years to make  and I show you how to truly complete it like a man."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"when people who came in after you get their food first a restaurant"
"When the person before you doesn't flush"
"What?"
"Maybe the seal hat was a poor choice"
"How I feel as an unemployed grad who can't complain about going to job at 7 am  or going to class at 8 am..."
"Thug life"
"Gravitron rebel."
"After I see that I aced my exam..."
"This is one of my all time favorite Gifs"
"I'll try not to..."
"Skaters Gonna Skate"
"What I imagine is going on in Obama's head right now."
"Saw this a few years ago.. anyone know the artist?"
"Mother fuckin' chairs!"
"What i think when I read a troll comment"
"Ain't nothing to it"
"Massive Smoke"
"Ah  halloween candy..."
"What kind of wizardry is this?!!?"
"The greatest invention ever!"
"Who remembers this great piece of nostalgia?"
"Great tits get karma everytime."
"I'm sure we all do this to some extent"
"Slenderman Santorum"
"So I googled &quot;Space Cat&quot;. I was not disappointed."
"Sire Biggie Smalls"
"Keanu bout space."
"THIS Dad"
"Skeletons."
"Just a lioness showing her cub some love!"
"I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING!!!"
"How you doin? Well fuck you too."
"Emma Watson vs Kristen Stewart"
"My favorite picture from the internet."
"Sounds legit to me."
"Dear Mr. Haberny..."
"14 Karat Gold Nuggets"
"Gets me everytime. . ."
"I thought it was reasonable."
"A romantic evening for one."
"Famous Faceswaps"
"Confusion Confusion Everywhere I'll just drive fast..."
"Blou Bleu Blowe"
"True Gamer."
"After a long day at work"
"I aspire to be like Gaben...someday..."
"Australian Fishing [Fixed]"
"Happy sunset"
"The Great Pumpkin finally arrives! Happy Halloween!"
"Girlfriend's dad owns this little douche canoe [X-post r/facepalm]"
"The moment one of my comments gets even the smallest bit of karma"
"I prefer to be protected when being screwed"
"Saw this on Facebook"
"I have cancer."
"Can't be the only one."
"Circlejerk"
"seriously?"
"Whilst sitting on a bench surrounded by birds  I put my phone camera on the ground and threw bread crumbs in front of the lens."
"Hold on bro! The cat is right there!"
"Child Shredder"
"Not Bros"
"Bros. Not Bros."
"Technical Difficulties"
"Dramatic Jerry"
"Bacon!"
"You are flawless and I love you."
"How I react whenever my girlfriend doubts her looks"
"Wisconsin Telling It Like It Is"
"Frank Zappa agrees we are all a bit derpy  and that's OK."
"Christian Bale"
"You know you're broke when this is hotter than porn"
"You know you're unemployed when you'd rather wake up to this than your wife"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"R.I.P Mitch Lucker  who was in a motorcycle accident on Wednesday  leaving behind a young daughter  and his whole band. Here he is  having fun with his little girl before a concert."
"Guess who"
"Did you win  Pops?"
"Ultra-First World Problem"
"He's got a point !!!"
"Hillary Clinton getting low"
"So apparently this exists..."
"ONE CAT. ONE DREAM. ONE DESTINY."
"Why would you do that in public?"
"Currently consolidating my teammates' work for our marketing term project."
"What $5 gets you in Iowa"
"The &quot;we will get along&quot; shirt"
"She looks thrilled!"
"Frank The Cat"
"Epic Beard Time"
"how i feel the first day at the gym after a week vacation"
"Just Walken down the street..."
"Who's idea was it to grow up? Fail."
"for the benefit of iOS6 users.."
"Oh snap London.."
"Transformer!"
"NOPE!"
"This is just creepy."
"Scumbag WiFi Thief"
"steve..."
"I hate people like this"
"Scumbag Steve XBOX"
"Whoever thought of this is a genius."
"GENIUS"
"To 90 percent of the posts on r/AMA..."
"I actually do this more often than I should..."
"How the religious right views abortion"
"How I feel towards kids while looking after my nephews for the past 8 hours"
"Just a little higher... (xpost from /r/wtf)"
"Grandma on 2girls 1cup (sfw)"
"Bitch  I own this joint!"
"Hell  here I come!"
"Welcome to Jackass"
"Halo Gangnam Style!"
"I find the name ironic."
"Every time I go to the bathroom...this is watching me."
"Don't settle for any of his relatives. Just wait for your Boaz."
"M64 or &quot;The Black Eye Galaxy&quot;"
"Evidence that The universe pissed off Chuck Norris once. The Black Eye Galaxy [Pic]"
"Morrissey is one of us."
"Typical brother behavior"
"Photos taken in the middle of Olympic dives."
"Wallpapers! Mostly geeky/nerdy stuff nothing too artsy."
"Best picture I've taken with my iPhone"
"Teacher asks for a &quot;Space Themed Freshman Class of 2016&quot; shirt and r/picrequest delivers"
"The perfect addition to any fan's collection."
"I GOT HER NUMBER!!!"
"Every minute or so when I watch MST3K or Rifftrax"
"In all realness  what the fuck?"
"Favoritism (x-post from /r/Funny)"
"The most British picture ever [Fixed]"
"boop"
"So... I found this."
"This is how cyborgs are made"
"I dare you guys to add text to this gif..."
"Everybody wants to be a..."
"How I feel after drinking coffee for the first time."
"I don't want to sound like a badass but..."
"Too bad cuts had to be made."
"MRW I realized I could post Snapple Facts as TILs every time I opened one"
"Dolphin riding a whale. yup."
"Eta Carina [6000 x 2906]"
"Just Sean Connery...in a mankini"
"Found this little guy at work today"
"Graffiti at its finest."
"Popped up on my FB feed. It's called a Sea Pig."
"Big boys don't cry"
"Smooth with the ladies"
"I tried for like 10 minutes to think up a sound effect for this..."
"best... idea.... ever"
"Sometimes  I really fucking miss this guy..."
"The downside to being Bane. Tan lines."
"It's my cakeday! This is exciting  right?"
"So it's my cakeday..."
"Just act casual  Bob."
"I bet he loved it! (X post from /r/funny)"
"Touch me."
"Don't piss off a turtle."
"....what the fuck did I just read?"
"Friend's dog ate gum. Went for walk. This happened"
"Are u from paris?"
"I'm having to use Internet Explorer right now because my Google Chrome keeps crashing... I just... I don't even..."
"I finish my big ass blunt and right as i finished my mom walks in. This is me str8 up as i turned around and looked at my mother in the face."
"When I see a hunk of eridium fly off of a cliff from an enemy I just killed in Borderlands 2"
"Something cool actually popped up in my news feed..."
"This will always be one of my favorite internet pictures"
"nothing to see here"
"Stop. Yorke time."
"Seen a lot of this gif around  but nothing that fits it quite as well as this..."
"A Very Loyal Dog [FB]"
"SO cute."
"as a junior  I'd like to say this is quite true."
"There goes the bubble"
"I... I'm okay with this..."
"The Next time you see people making out anywhere do this."
"But  I have a boogie"
"Everytime I watch &quot;it's Always Sunny in Philidelphia&quot;"
"GTA V will be here soon  and this is how it makes me feel."
"Why yes... yes I should."
"Me when im the only one who thinks my post was funny"
"Cooking Level: College Student"
"Bill Murray  Vampire Hunter"
"Squids."
"We all don't have to worry about heart attacks"
"Total Solar Eclipse; November 14  2012. Queensland  Australia."
"How I feel when the whole enemy team gangs up on me with SMG's"
"See you in hell"
"I could watch this all day."
"This scene usually appears in my head when I do some inner monologue"
"Dat Class"
"Rain"
"This is a repost."
"Happy Dinosaurs!"
"Airplane going through an eclipse"
"Lasers. All of it was lasers."
"Starmie [I swear  it grows if you stare at it...]"
"Meet the Cutest Cross-Eyed Cat Alive"
"The original said Man - Heart = Iron Man. I like this one better."
"Skrillex - The Most Efficient Mop! &quot;Get Yours Today&quot;"
"DROP THE BASS"
"Why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"Timing is everything."
"wat?"
"What a Karmawhore"
"Karma: Fast and easy."
"If that's what you're in to..."
"I think this picture of Zach Galifinakis fits in here."
"OMG"
"A Cadet at my school heard Sandy was on her way"
"Sammy hanging around"
"One day we will all be Santa."
"When I leave my last lesson on a Friday"
"The Longest  Weirdest  Most Complex Gif I Have Ever Seen"
"It doesn't end"
"Reconstruction [gif]"
"It's Beautiful"
"And the Stocking was hung by the Chimney with care...."
"My new favorite downvote gif"
"How I plan to handle reposts in the future."
"R.I.P Mike"
"Now I know where my confident personality comes from."
"every time I think I can contribute something funny to reddit"
"When Friends and I Go Out to a Club"
"Dolphin pod in the surf"
"Yes  it's awful."
"The comments funny at least"
"What is this I don't even.."
"Smile!"
"I'll straight eat the back half a goat while the front half still breathin!"
"Disco"
"Another one bites the dust."
"Extremely Close Call"
"Thanks Tree"
"Elephant vs. Man"
"Okay  who's car is this??"
"Carrie Fisher &lt;3"
"I'm still waiting on this sequel..."
"Every damn time."
"When the first vote is a downvote"
"Great fighting! You were tough  Mac!"
"Fellow Redditors can someone please give me the source of this gif please?"
"One of my favorites"
"This time for Africa"
"What I feel like when I'm a young  chubby  black kid dancing."
"Close match!"
"Finally  some truth on the internet"
"One of my Favorite Face Swaps"
"what makes me smile"
"Renewable energy?"
"Squirrel of Death"
"Squirrel of Death"
"Why does everyone love tamagatchi's and never these. IMO still the best childhood toy."
"Tire swings."
"Tire Swings."
"he was a good tire"
"360 tea bag"
"The Teabag Tornado"
"You get a good job with more pay and you're okay"
"McBaby"
"Bikini Atoll Nuclear Detenation"
"It's scientific!"
"I'm not fat!"
"How I imagine the perspective of a female bartender."
"so high right meow"
"True Fact."
"How I feel as a student attending class for 35-40 hours a week reading that college students attend class for 15."
"How to acquire free meal"
"Oh yeah  the bitches will love this"
"Enough internet for me  today."
"Hey Mr. Kitty  you know what time it is"
"When a chick you previously didn't notice accidentally exposes her thong"
"When a comment gets more votes than my link"
"When I realized I missed my cake day..."
"How i feel when everyone gets karma for stupid things and i get nothing."
"Perfect Timing (pic)"
"My childhood hero"
"Really cool perspective from space of the Earth at night"
"I was bored."
"I saw a guy get slapped by his girlfriend in public."
"Spiderman doesn't."
"Trying to fit in on reddit"
"Seems to be something that Reddit might like."
"And now we see the mating ritual of the majestic deer."
"Just an ordinary 1$ coin of Nieu Island"
"So this is the actual currency of the country Niue"
"Just a minor mistake  no one'll notice."
"You Wouldn't Like Me When I'm Angry"
"My frog hat is not amused"
"Introducing Frogcat"
"Ribbit."
"Pants were soiled that day"
"Boise State college football truck hits a cow on freeway."
"anybody know the background of this gif??? he really fucks her shit up"
"This hedgehog thinks it's an ostrich."
"MGM Roaring Lion"
"If only...."
"Peyton Manning studies math"
"China is unbelievably beautiful"
"It was aliens.. alright meow?"
"losing an argument on facebook."
"r/politics"
"How I feel trying to pick a subreddit."
"That was Zen..."
"It's my Reddit Birthday  so here's a handy three-pack of spiky cuteness!"
"A cause i would've rallied for."
"Found this little guy all by himself..."
"What came to mind when watching the end of TDKR (SEMI-SPOILER ALERT)"
"How I feel when I go in to post a funny comment and find out that someone already beat me to it."
"How i feel when I find an onion ring in my fries [FIXED]"
"My first re-post FTW!"
"Nothing gonna' slow Panda down."
"United States of Mario!"
"Mario money!"
"Had to show somebody this when I found it. Why not reddit?"
"Another Addition to Reddit's Nautical Nightmares"
"How badass is this?"
"To the full Prot4 guy that killed me then killed himself with ender pearls."
"You tell that wave it's fired"
"Cats can be models too..."
"This is no ordinary elephant seal."
"Recovery Level: H2O"
"The force is strong with this one."
"Everytime I see a friend like Romney or Ryan."
"100% of men didn’t notice King Kong is in this picture . . ."
"&quot;Arch Enemies&quot;"
"Arch Enemies"
"MFW my parents send me pictures of them eating In &amp; Out burgers while I'm making pasta"
"How to draw an owl?"
"Those EYES"
"My latest rescue  they were going to put her down because she was black"
"They bag this now."
"Keeping the Feels"
"American Choppers was about family..."
"Where am I? What's going on?"
"I don't even know how to describe this."
"Goggled OAG photos. Was not disappointed."
"Any time a girl talks to me in real life"
"Zimbabwe: One Million Person Synchronized Toilet Flush"
"Why you never put nuclear hot sauce on thai food"
"so... many... PUPPIES!!!"
"When my girlfriend suggests that we have sex while she is on her period."
"So that's how it's done..."
"Meanwhile in Japan"
"Makes Me Think [Pic]"
"No matter how you style it  it's still a mullet..."
"Sofia Vergara showing off certain skills"
"Tony couldn't fly. [NSFW]"
"He made it!"
"I think a point has been made."
"Whatcha doin in there?.......Guys?"
"Rumsfeld has got the moves."
"a guinea pig pretending to be a baked potato"
"next years holiday cards"
"I'm saving this gem for the holiday season."
"So I Googled Imaged &quot;happy holidays&quot; today..."
"What do the smart girls get? (xpost from /r/modern_family)"
"That settles it then"
"Quality snow sculpture"
"Amazing ice sculpture"
"Not sure of repost but I was challenged to find the most 'Murcan photo. This is what I came up with..."
"ಠ_ಠ"
"How I react to seeing a bug in my bed"
"The greatest defender to every live."
"Through the fire and the flames"
"This is seriously out of fucking control [fixed]"
"Spoons  how do they work?"
"Take It Easy Folks"
"This little guy wouldn't let me leave"
"What I feel like doing after browsing /new"
"Me as Big Bird for Halloween last year. I'm wearing 4 inch heels so this is really a big-ass bird."
"Trying to teach something to stupid people"
"The truth behind Captain America's Shield"
"clone trooper's aim"
"Cowabunga!!"
"Sexy."
"Nazi milk girl."
"You lookin' good."
"Finn and Jake! Ghibli style"
"My Neighbor Jake by J.J. Harrison of BAMPOP!"
"Apple's next major operating system"
"Oh Sheldon.."
"GTA dating logic"
"The fate of /b/"
"Vietdog flashbacks"
"Getting ready for bed and my roomate asks about the slenderman story"
"That moment when you find a tick on yourself  then lose it"
"I found the r/davidtennant subreddit today"
"My reaction when Reddit crashed."
"Mad Nigri"
"Jessica Nigri As Mad Moxxi"
"Piggie friends"
"Mallard?"
"Oh wow."
"Beard Slap"
"Gibraltar airport runway has a main road running straight across it."
"Kitten having nightmares"
"R.I.P. Mitch Lucker  frontman of Suicide Silence."
"RIP Mitch Lucker. You will be GREATLY missed &lt;3"
"Help me Human!"
"How to offend every kind of nerd with one picture."
"God damnit Stella!"
"When my girlfriend tells me we need to talk..."
"When I find out Bruce Willis is a ghost the whole time."
"Alien Vs. Predator"
"Spoken like a true boss"
"Cat massage"
"Cat`s massage"
"The Powers of KFC"
"A and B squares are the same color. My head just exploded."
"I hope they speak Norwegian in hell"
"The Mo Fukken Universe"
"Easter Island Milk Company"
"Milk is living"
"&quot;The Milk Man&quot;"
"Mega-Choc disapproves (xpost r/Pareidolia)"
"Fuck EVERYTHING about life"
"DUDE ive got the BEST idea!"
"my reaction upon seeing any mckayla meme"
"How I feel when someone walks right where I farted a few minutes ago."
"Gordge upon getting admin"
"Bill Nye Strokin'"
"More Like KUTE Klux Klan!"
"When you're young  everyone is equal in your eyes"
"Repost"
"Check out the size of his caulk (xpost from r/itookapicture)"
"Ma'am I believe you have crusty lifeforms developing on your skin"
"Seems a bit more comforting than the magical wizard in the sky displacing your soul."
"I wonder what flavours these all are?"
"Every damn time"
"I came home to this..."
"NOPE!"
"Screw you guys I'm going home..."
"Well doesn't this post just say it all.."
"Are YOU tired of dropping your cellular phone on newborns?"
"Majestic ginger?"
"Holy shit... I think we're fucked."
"My friend's boyfriend made her this cheerful cake for her birthday today."
"WHEN DOES IT END"
"It's driving me nuts  which episode of Friends is this from?"
"Whenever I see a girl with a nice ass"
"You don't say..."
"The fundies will stop at nothing it seems..."
"Chinese troll"
"Are you serious?"
"Ok this is too much"
"This is so F*cking adorable!"
"YEAH! I'MA TRUCK! AW AW AWW SHIT..."
"Oh Yeah"
"Knock knock..."
"There's things worse than walking in on your son masturbating"
"Daria sums up every students fear"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Haters"
"When I fix my hair in public"
"When I won a fantasy baseball matchup by one strikeout"
"Did you know"
"Finally found a gem"
"I've watched this episode dozens of times but somehow never caught this"
"This girl is all about class"
"Kids these days."
"The same photograph at the Leaning Tower of Pisa"
"Rawr!"
"4Chan at its best  one of the funniest laugh out loud stories I have ever found on the interwebs. Long read but worth it"
"Possibly the funniest gif. I've seen in my life. No idea why."
"For all you mac users"
"I'm a grill"
"Two scientists free panda cub to the natural environment in China"
"Vodka party"
"Blowjobs. [SFW]"
"What do we want?"
"Playing the Random Imgur Game"
"My le first rage comic be gentle"
"Suspicious"
"le upboat dis if u crey evertim ;_;"
"I am not le failure!"
"Meanwhile  in India..."
"Meanwhile in India...not a single fuck was given."
"The Coyote finally hire a helper."
"Ohhhhhh shit...ohhhh shiiiit...oh shiiit...ohhh shit ..... phew"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Woody"
"Hi there."
"Coca Cola Polar bears"
"Once apon a time Ice Cube was gangster..."
"What I imagine a god's toilet is."
"My little cousins take on the X-Factor"
"This one gets me every time."
"Sir Ian McKellan  back in the day"
"How to troll traffic"
"Trolling:to lazy to care"
"Your move  science."
"Show me where the bullies are"
"bullies"
"Showing up 2 hours late to my school's Ultimate Frisbee practice"
"Look at this fucking fish"
"I found this in a folder on my Computer from a while back"
"Make a wish."
"punch me really hard."
"Hurricane sandy... damn Gays"
"That is knot supposed to happen"
"You had one job Shepard"
"If only it were that easy."
"Louis Armstrong plays for his wife in front of the Sphinx by the pyramids in Giza  1961"
"Special infected! [X-post from /r/funny]"
"My Reaction to Hearing Call me Maybe at a rest stop in Spain after a 7 Hour Flight"
"Buy a game on steam then it going on sale the next day"
"Line Clouds"
"First time on 4chan..."
"How I feel seeing reposts with ass loads of karma karma"
"Oh  well  uh  okay."
"#NIGEL2012"
"This belongs here (x-post from r/funny)"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Guy  you say?"
"9/11"
"I was browsing through facebook and i saw this. Couldn't stop laughing.(FB)"
"How i feel getting upvotes"
"Forever Alone Level: 100"
"Nailed it."
"Nailed it! [Fixed]"
"Classic bus prank"
"This explains it"
"Honey I'm Home!"
"NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"
"Black Licorice"
"If I were a fish  this is where I would want to live."
"My Favorite GIF Ever  Samuel L. Jackson Approved"
"Spot me  bro."
"Albino dolphin"
"Sometimes a picture is worth more than a few debates..."
"I'm telling!!!"
"Ohh very sneaky Mitt  very sneaky indeed"
"hilarious speed limit sign.."
"James Holmes's sudden realization..."
"Deep Ladder in a waterfall"
"Wrong number  Hilarity ensues..."
"I'm Batman BRO!"
"Probably the best random text conversation ever."
"Rock  Paper  Scissors  Blowbie"
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan"
"Treadmill Fail"
"I'm about this awkward when dating"
"That bench looks pretty unstable..."
"FFFFFFFF....ahhhhhh...fffffff...ooohh"
"Thor’s Well – Cape Perpetua  Oregon."
"These things"
"The fuck did you just call me?"
"D'awww"
"That Neck."
"PIKACHU?!?(url game)"
"How can I test if my son is gay?"
"Ravi motherfucking Drums"
"&quot;Nintendo's way is to challenge conventional thinking.&quot; Reggie Fils-Aime  2006"
"look at all the fucks i give"
"my favorite new gif"
"Happy 4th 'Murica"
"How I feel when I give an upvote to a comment with 0 karma."
"Bateman won't give the maitre d' head"
"Trolling Old People"
"Grim reaper- real life edition"
"So...¿best Avengers cosplay ever?"
"Bane Doesn't Give A Fuck"
"Gave this a shot.."
"Deshay basara!!"
"Bane tearing up the floor"
"Aladeen mathafocka!"
"Hello ladies!"
"Wait  who designed this?"
"Yo dawg...."
"Chameleons"
"I don't know how Reddit feels about contemporary poetry  but Christian Bök is amazing (also check out his book &quot;Eunoia&quot; if you like this!)"
"Baseball Level: America"
"we found something great."
"Awkwardly arousing?"
"Just a game of jump rope. That's all"
"Does anyone else hear a thumping sound when watching this?"
"This makes a sound in my head and it's freaking me out."
"Birthday Cake Hat!"
"Cool wallpaper  bro"
"Future President Bill Clinton meets President JFK"
"Young Bill Clinton Meeting JFK"
"I seriously don't want to live on this planet anymore..."
"Saw this on my FB feed. One of us in the making."
"Taking out the trash at work [FB]"
"I see your Canadian and American Monopoly  and I raise you German Monopoly."
"How I feel playing any side scroll fighting game"
"the coolest box boy ever"
"404 error"
"We broke 'Would you rather'...."
"Zach Braff wants you to get laid tonight."
"Nailed it."
"I can't believe that Lance Armstrong did this..."
"Truth."
"WTF"
"Professional Wrestling (Japanese-style)"
"Blah blah my cake day something something my cat blah blah blah"
"Umm.. what the hell controller is that?"
"Now back at me."
"catalarvas - Imgur"
"Recommended by pseudo-athletes"
"The big Ronald McDonald blew over in my town today."
"A Golden Zebra"
"I'll wait here..."
"It's all about proper playing position[C&amp;H]"
"Don't mess with me OR my bunny."
"Before and after marriage"
"Leeloo &quot;Bacon&quot; Multi-Pass - Extra Pics"
"I don't always have sex  but when I do..."
"Pudu fawn (smallest species of deer)"
"I am going to hell for laughing at this..."
"Heard you guys like treacher collins syndrome."
"Best invention ever"
"Take it away batman"
"So much wtf...I don't know where to begin"
"Go Diego Dog"
"Probably the best thing on the Internet since porn."
"Try explaining yourself out of this one Disney."
"Book of Color"
"Murphy's Law"
"Did you say steak? No I said *misteak*"
"Mmm.... Steak..."
"Just noticed this"
"Just broke up with my GF  redditor friend comes to cheer me up and secretly changed my desktop photo...."
"Grouch is right."
"A baby hippo playing in the water with its mom."
"So damn cute  repost? Still worth it!"
"Old  drunk  legendary WWII orator... When he was 19."
"Smashing."
"The Only Way In"
"Pure Joy"
"Back to school....IN HELL!"
"School Supplies.....wait"
"Now kiss"
"I am driven by two main philosophies..."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on intelligent design"
"Oh  I am so doing this..."
"It's shit like this  cashiers..."
"The coffee table."
"Since weeds just ended in the most awful way  I thought I would remind you of when the show was funny"
"Oh crap.."
"That's Us"
"I think he was on a break..."
"The exact moment I became a lesbian."
"Does this belong here?"
"A friend of mine needed to make a costume for a party..."
"I think I found my Halloween costume for this year"
"MFW when I'm too slow to ALT+TAB out of porn page"
"Act cool  act cool  you're a freaking bazooka !!"
"Beautiful picture of the sunset through a wave"
"Surfs up! Sunset seen through a wave"
"Oonga chingo pango chindo wah!!"
"Ewoks"
"How I felt putting a ton of effort into two papers I wrote just to find that I received failing grades for them."
"This man doesn't age."
"When you reach maximum level  you stop levelling..."
"The police got all wild west on my next door neighbor. This is my living room."
"Billy Mays Maize Maze"
"Billy Mays"
"Minors?"
"Who needs swag when..."
"E Pluribus Unum"
"Laserflies"
"Picture taking skills right here."
"Teacup human"
"Well  I want one."
"What is thy bidding my master?"
"Pope Vader"
"It makes sense"
"It's so hot in Texas right now..."
"Whenever I'm woken up before noon on a Sunday."
"When you want to have sex but the gf doesn't [Fixed]"
"Eh  more like 50 years  but whatever. It's still pretty accurate."
"Chuckie Finster 30 Years Later"
"What?"
"I thought /r/gonewild was boobs or something so I visited...."
"/r/wtf."
"How can I test if my son is gay?"
"Man status: official [FIXED]"
"Poot!"
"How I know I've gotten my protein intake back up..."
"It appears we didn't pay close attention to what Jesus said.."
"Favorite gif of all time"
"When the cop next to me at a stoplight got into a fender-bender with the car in front of it..."
"How I feel when I post a cool link on someones facebook and they never respond to it."
"How it feels upvoting yourself with a dummy account"
"He's sneaky"
"Hey  Fuck You buddy!!"
"Hai.. W-Whatchew got there.."
"I think I found out who shitty_watercolor is"
"Meanwhile in Atlantis City"
"D-D-D-DROP THE BASS"
"DJ Jesus"
"That is a lot of fish"
"Dat ass. Oh wait  ASSES!"
"Drive by"
"Taking full advantage of the moment."
"Perfect Timing."
"reaction when someone calls me out on the internet"
"Since the Target near me is getting ready for the holidays already  I thought I would too. - Imgur"
"Be WARNED!!!"
"The shit that I find on my laptop....."
"Best tree Ever"
"Redditor makes their cat dehydrated then puts the cat in sink and turns water on to drown it. Just for the precious karma."
"Sunrise at the North Pole with the moon at its closest point by Inga Nielsen"
"Photo Taken at Sunrise in the North Pole Where the Moon is Closest to the Earth"
"What's in a name?"
"This is a Photo not a painting"
"Call on Me"
"Deal with it"
"That'll prove my point."
"such a nerd xD"
"I despise humanity sometimes."
"How I feel seeing &quot;redditor for 12 months&quot; but not seeing a cake next to my name"
"Puppies feasting."
"Friend put this up on Facebook. I think some of his puppies may be &quot;special.&quot;"
"Jenga  Bitch."
"Cute as Fuck"
"Stop playing with yourself  Hooper!"
"Still one of my favorite gifs"
"A game about a game about a game."
"COME ON  MICHAEL."
"liking a last post on FB before deactivating my account."
"So that's how you do that...."
"Get off your damn phone! (x-post r/wtf)"
"Whenever the teacher answers my question for me"
"I'm Serious (repost from r/funny)"
"How I imagine every Redditors cat"
"everytime I see a cat post"
"I'll probably get down voted into oblivion  lol"
"feelsgoodman.mp3"
"actuallyonellamacreepinganewlywedcouple"
"Best wedding pic I've ever seen."
"Lets spread this awareness  KONY 2012."
"Raphael"
"Penguins in jumpers? PENGUINS IN JUMPERS"
"Google searched asstastic.... This came up."
"I couldn't think of a title for this."
"And then one day  GIANT KITTENS ATTACKED!"
"Possibly the most awesome picture i have ever found...Reddit  eat your heart out"
"Googled &quot;Best cat picture on the internet&quot; not disappointed."
"Googled 'Internet in a picture.' not disappointed."
"Meanwhile  on Myspace."
"GTA: Pooh"
"Stay the fuck out of the 100 acre woods"
"You can keep your pocket whale. I'm still waiting for these things..."
"Searched for Funny Basketball face"
"Gamestop found a clever work around to mail clients blocking pictures."
"When OP delivers."
"Look up  stay alive"
"Oh Sandy..."
"I Will Not Be Your Father!!"
"I see your popcorn filled bathtub  and raise you a donut filled one"
"Virginity: Intact"
"I've tested them all.."
"Bacon Flowchart"
"How I feel when I break up with my girlfriend"
"Sibling rivalries and bloody palms"
"Man kicking a cat"
"SPLASH!"
"At least someone in the family knows this is weird..."
"When I accidentally click the [m] posts on r/gonewild"
"How everyone apparently reacts to the Olympics Mascot"
"My friend posted this on Facebook in response to Hurricane Sandy coming this weekend."
"Me coming home after a night of drinking and dancing."
"How I imagine asian prostitutes (x/post from r/gifs)"
"THE EVOLUTION OF NINTENDO'S CONTROLLERS"
"Anti Rape Condom 0_0"
"Easily one of the most annoying things I've encountered in a video game  period."
"ITAP of a teabag [fixed]"
"When you run into an old friend at last call"
"How I imagine everyone who browses the new section (x-post from r/IASIP)"
"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME?!"
"OH GOD WHY"
"Dat...AAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSS!!!!!!!"
"I would literally crap myself."
"GTFO"
"Meanwhile..."
"One is not like the other"
"The goddess of 90s TV teenagers."
"Some idiots in my city vandalized a mosque"
"Slendermans retarded cousin"
"Googled &quot;Slendermans brother&quot;"
"Consequences of gay marriage"
"Things you can only do with boys..."
"Georgeous CityScape"
"Two years of my life gone. Gimme."
"Dammit."
"It's just a terrible problem"
"Julia Roberts has an anime tattoo? [slightly NSFW]"
"I think this counts NSFW"
"Jackie Chan and a lesbian"
"The Secret to Antigravity..."
"A solution to the worlds energy problems"
"Pong"
"Star Tennis"
"Well  turns out that some animals can be half-albino. Like this peacock."
"peacock with selective albinism"
"GOT MY FIRST UP VOTE!! OHH YEAH"
"Whenever someone says &quot;no one knew who I was dressed as&quot;"
"Just got friendzoned (gif)"
"I'm not a religious man  but this church just inspired me"
"Whenever my shower decides to have low pressure..."
"Moral of the story: Don't Trust /v/ when buying games."
"Lehman Brothers Bankrupt"
"Being a Puerto Rican  this is how I felt browsing reddit today"
"I hope you're happy."
"all the difference (x-post from comics)"
"Sweet dreams are made of these..."
"I've got the weirdest boner right now"
"fuck off"
"What some Christians think evolution is like"
"One of my favorites that I had to share"
"Fear not hell"
"just saw this on facebook"
"Ecce Homo 'Shops Album"
"Don't Google 'Reddit slut'"
"How I feel driving when there's no one on the road"
"Obi-Wan's feelin' fine"
"Obi Wan Wake Me Up"
"Africa Face."
"Why  Just Why? Pigeon Costume."
"Young Christopher Walken  everyone."
"A Nom a Nom. Doo doo da doo doo. A Nom a Nom."
"Coolest Cupcakes Ever?"
"COME AT ME  BRO"
"This is why I joined Reddit"
"NOPE"
"Epic."
"Why I Don't Buy My Girlfriend Clothes"
"Saw this at a car rally yesterday"
"I think I'd enjoy having this..."
"His wife's evening is in danger"
"WANTED: For rampaging all over reddit."
"These two"
"Haters gonna hate..."
"Louie C.K. - Comedian/Masturbator"
"my parents are lucky i didn't know about these when i was a kid"
"Keep your Boxcar Willie in your pants."
"BUTTER"
"You tell em red."
"When my friend finally pays up after losing a bet [fixed]"
"Happy Lich Jesus day just doesn't have the same ring to it."
"Absolutely fool proof"
"Cant be done"
"Come on  Frodo!"
"We have bigger problems  son."
"Fuck this shit"
"Just kidding!"
"Thats about right"
"...It's still Thursday..."
"big fluffy feet!!"
"I love you  come here"
"I just realized I missed my Cake Day. So  a little bit late  I present: Poor Pikachu"
"I pity the fool"
"My New Response For Grammar Nazi's..."
"Just downloaded Photoshop..."
"Dog Strikes Again"
"JUSTICE"
"The Young Batman"
"Batmans only meal."
"Don't. Even."
"My brother and I are still working on our Minecraft city..."
"50 shades of chicken (found)"
"Best of &quot;This is the last text I sent her&quot;"
"Installed a random imgur downloader. Set it to .gif images only and watched the creepiness roll in. (d/l link in comments)"
"My favorite .gif"
"Need a kraken? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Sure  I can still take a picture..."
"Shut Up bird"
"Japan Again"
"First gif I have ever seen (circa 2003)"
"Introducing Jack the yoga dog:"
"The end of racism"
"They grow up so fast"
"Male chastity belt"
"Really? Me too!"
"Wait for me mommy !"
"oh this old thing..."
"Kanye West's daily life  explained by Facebook"
"What used to be a coral reef during prehistoric times now stands above the ground and serves as a swimming hole for southern Texans"
"Gets me every time"
"When you see it... (NSFW)"
"a marble being held in front of a map blew my mind at a [6]"
"Pretend they're little trees!"
"All I could think of when I heard Hostess was shutting down."
"What Captain America's shield is made of"
"How I felt when I learned my best friend is a Redditor."
"Meanwhile on Fox News..."
"When girls find out about my family money  they"
"NoM nOm NOM"
"Genius bus advertisement"
"Decided to see what all the fuss was about with /r/spacedicks. How I felt afterwards..."
"what im about to do if i keep seeing new stories about &quot;zombies&quot;"
"No one will make fun of me anymore..."
"whenever i hit r/wtf"
"FALCON PUNCH!"
"This is maybe a sloth  but i want to hug it!"
"Hairless cat basking in the sun"
"Just hanging out"
"Look at my balls...look"
"How to pass a note like a boss"
"cheater level {50}"
"A birthday Wish"
"Wedding crashed. (floor collapse)"
"This is Venezuela"
"Lets Keep It That Way."
"Done playing Imgur roulette for today."
"The saddest scene I've ever seen."
"How I feel when someone takes my OC and reposts it"
"Someone's not impressed with the president..."
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney (2012 Olympic Gold Winner) are not impressed."
"Barack Obama is Not Impressed"
"Beautiful Seychell Islands"
"Hilter reborn  as an Asian"
"SOON......"
"United Steaks of America"
"Found this in a bus stop across the street from my office"
"Take life by the balls (nsfw cartoon bawls)"
"Cook Food"
"Woah! Wait... What is tha..... OH FUCK NO  NOPE NOPE NOPE!"
"Noted scientist Jenny McCarthy sexually assaulted Justin Beiber"
"Old  but hilarious"
"Poster ad for the Canadian Paralympics"
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969 [2340x2381]"
"Ultimate White Girl Problem"
"Bath time"
"Relaxing Bath"
"The new new Beets by Dre"
"I like my violence how I like my beer"
"Grumpy face"
"Successfully cheered up &quot;Grumpy Cat&quot;"
"Let's turn that smile upside dow... Oh Jesus  I've created a monstrosity."
"mfw i cant think of something to say about no-shave-november"
"Grumpy cat meets his maker"
"The deer that always drops by my front porch just had a baby!!!! Awwww how many up votes for this cute wonder??"
"Just look"
"So it turns out Frank Sinatra was a pretty terrible friend..."
"Puppy love"
"Establishing dominance 101"
"The peacock spider"
"peacock spider"
"How quaint."
"My favorite gif."
"Fixed"
"GET IN MY PANTS!"
"Nobody expects..."
"Series of photos showing the exact moment a tank shell hits Syrian rebels"
"4chan perfectly sums up the answer to suicide."
"I was molested by the arrow SFW"
"Justin Bieber hit with a water bottle...Multiple Angles for your viewing pleasure"
"It's things like this that restore my faith in humanity (but seriously..)"
"Bodiless statue"
"Celery  nature's toothbrush... for your colon!"
"I need to find a new dentist..."
"brush brush brush"
"Okay..."
"Not sure if you should? Let me help you there..."
"Wonder what he did to get downvoted like that..."
"This poor kid has down vote written all over his face"
"How to fold a fitted sheet"
"How to fold a fitted sheet. Xpost from /r/wtf"
"Best photobomb ever?!?"
"I must go  my people need me..."
"That ain't no chimney "
"The Greatest Band in the World"
"Since we're on the topic of epic maps  8 years and I still play the shit out of this one."
"How I spent my time while reddit was down!"
"Bringing his A game"
"Cool picture of lava at night"
"Jesus makes cannibalism acceptable! (x-post from r/WTF)"
"This is why I love Home Depot."
"You can do it. We can help."
"Why am I ... so turned on?"
"Still the funniest screen cap I've ever seen."
"fucking badass"
"I really want to do all of these..."
"Death by cats"
"Ruins."
"The Oldest Gaming Troll You and I Know."
"AHMYGOD GET IT OFF!"
"Bad rock."
"Gramma Nazi"
"Why are signs so rude...?"
"Bit off more than he can chew"
"When showering with a girl"
"It's a good day when you see this on your news feed"
"Feels good doesn't it"
"Short version of Othello"
"My teacher recently tried to block &quot;bad&quot; websites on my computer... He doesn't know about Reddit."
"Spoon........"
"How to brush your teeth like a man"
"Baroque Obama"
"Baroque Obama"
"No love for midgets."
"The cutest ^___^"
"DLOD"
"...What?"
"How I handle losing most arguments with my friends."
"Judgement Day is here....."
"Australian toilets..."
"The world's worst toilet"
"No need to use a toilet now (x-post from r/funny)"
"Making a late night snack at 3AM at parents' house"
"Johnny Cash performing for prisoners at Folsom Prison - Jan. 13th 1968 [1 078×1 600]"
"Maybe I should get a bigger hard drive..."
"I think a lot of the internet was just downloaded."
"Young Love &lt;3"
"You *know* you'd watch it..."
"Amazing ice structures of Lake Baikal  Siberia"
"The Cleveland Orchestra went all out for Halloween [x-post from r/classicalmusic]"
"How I feel when I have a great joke and I mess up the punchline"
"This is how you do a damn practical joke."
"have you ever been this happy?"
"And the winner of 'Best water slide reaction' goes to..."
"ahh politics"
"I'm going to use my cake day karma to make you all feel guilty."
"I'm high!"
"Incredible digitally blended day into night photo of New York City. Photographer Stephen Wilkes."
"That's that"
"Me and my fiance when he's watching football"
"its time"
"Ready for my last semester of college.."
"Meanwhile  in Japan..."
"This is why I love gaben!!"
"fuckin walt always one step ahead"
"Newspaper headline from the Seahawks &quot;win&quot; against the Packers"
"This is one of her more dramatic photoshoots"
"Woody has something to tell the world"
"When I was the only one in class to get the bonus question on the midterm right."
"Why i can't trust the internet anymore..."
"Canadian Lynx"
"Best friends forever"
"Reddit Poll: Kittens or Puppies"
"Big Thanksgiving"
"Is this inappropriate ?"
"Father of the Year?"
"Halloween father of year"
"I used to play Lego  my nails hurt just by looking at this."
"Courtesy of Neil deGrasse Tyson: What the dinosaurs ignored. [r/atheism]"
"Science ftw"
"Alex is actually Paul Flowers (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Navigating my day after proper caffeination"
"You Were Wrong"
"YOU WERE WRONG."
"Oh  that Niko. He is a wild and craaazy guy!"
"Found this in my &quot;Pictures&quot; folder  entitled &quot;How I pee when I'm drunk&quot;"
"Water is bad for you. Wait  what?"
"I'll just leave this here for y'all to critique."
"Wtf did I just read? O.0"
"X-post from facepalm... more WTF"
"Got my christian friend addicted to reddit"
"Iron Man 3?"
"I CRY EVRYTIM"
"Batman to Gotham..."
"How I feel when I get a call to work on my day off..."
"I'm Sexy and I Know It"
"someone put this as the wallpaper on all the computers at my work. I work in an elementary school."
"Falling Down (Like a Boss)"
"When life gives you lemons..."
"scared the shit out of me as a kid..."
"19 years old  still makes me scared shitless."
"Women Got Pregnant off of a 3D Movie"
"This is why clothing always looks perfect in magazine ads."
"Beagles are awesome! - Proof"
"Throw your hands in the air if you're a true playa"
"Doesn't matter had sex"
"Young Joseph Stalin  Hipster before it was cool..."
"23 year old Stalin would fit right in today."
"it's hot out"
"Whenever I see that orange glow around my Reddit inbox..."
"The only pre-color videogame that every made it into my childhood"
"How I feel as a male commenting in /r/TwoXChromosomes/"
"Your music's bad and you should feel bad"
"What I want to do when I'm stuck behind a bus"
"Move bitch!"
"Asking god to rescue me from my wife"
"I think it's only a matter of time before this becomes the face of a Sandy Relief Fund."
"Soon..."
"Walked in to Wal Mart tonight to do some last minute X Mas shopping..."
"Amazing picture of The Beatles."
"lazy dog  so cute!"
"Business cat visits Japan. That is all."
"A cat's life"
"Just Another Day in the Life of a Cat."
"A cat goes to work..."
"The world's first nuclear explosion  23ms after detonation (600 feet wide)"
"16ms after the first atomic detonation  July 16  1945"
"The Trinity explosion  16 milliseconds after detonation."
"BALL!"
"You and me both  Darren"
"Darren wants a drama-free relationship"
"It's a cookie."
"Oh Adam..."
"I see what you're going too do there!"
"My account was at 11 months and I found it mysteriously deleted today.."
"When I realise tomorrow is Monday"
"Dad at Justin Beiber concert"
"Smelly Balls"
"Good God. Ron Swanson would have a heart attack"
"And the Typo of the Year Award goes to.... Red Bull!"
"Oh deer!"
"This story has no bologna"
"8 lives left"
"Robert Downey Jr. and Burger King"
"Stay positive Reddit."
"The optimist  the pessimist and the... oh."
"Unbelievable Eyes..."
"Annnnd there goes the childhood."
"Dafuq did I just read"
"Still laughing my ass of."
"Young Stephen Hawking"
"An infographic of awesome lifehacks that everyone should know."
"Oh shit.... Oh shit! [Fixed]"
"Wait for it..."
"Have no fear! Snoop Dogg's here!"
"POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS mad at POTATO-IN-MY-ANUS - I cringed at &quot;you foolish little cupcake&quot;"
"It's a piece of cake to bake a pretty cake"
"Best Thing To Bust Out During Parties"
"A good Pokemon drinking game. (It's a repost  just trying to spread the fun)"
"How I reacted when I found out Neil Patrick Harris is gay."
"You had ONE JOB  pope..."
"Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji"
"A must have for any cat owner"
"Oh  Buzz!"
"The best of childhood."
"Well  that's enough internet tonight... [NSFW]"
"I have two months until graduation..."
"I has a bucket"
"my favorite meme as a kid"
"GOP logic...."
"You mean to tell me.."
"Zoobooks!"
"'murica (x-post r/funny)"
"Some Hi-Res Pics of Some Highly Badass Presidents"
"America! Fuck Yeah!"
"Too Soon?"
"ignorant girl."
"IT'S A TRA... oh"
"harry potter win"
"I wonder how long she's been waiting to do that"
"As a kid I hated these at lunch. Now I want them back!"
"Cracks me up every time"
"You know he's content..."
"My face after coming home from a long  shitty day of class and work and realizing it's my cake day."
"It was a draw"
"How reddit treats my first cakeday."
"For my cakeday I give you this hamster on a swing"
"Third World Success on Internet"
"Holy B Cups Batman!"
"No Kitty's were harmed in the making of this explosion."
"my favorite women's magazine..."
"Women's Magazines"
"Didn't see that coming..."
"I've always thought Seattle was one of the prettiest cities to fly in and out of on a sunny day. Needless to say  that's a bit of a secret."
"How I feel when the first vote is a downvote."
"I had to try this  here's the result"
"Just trying to get to the front page"
"All my dreams in one picture"
"Free box!!"
"I know exactly who I am. I am everything I wanted to be."
"This girl's hair formed a perfect hair beard when she jumped in the air"
"Yeah...take it off! Wait...what?"
"What the hell did he do"
"The Redneck Stretch &quot;Limo&quot;"
"Dem asians(xpost /r/4chan)"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"NOPE!"
"My  what an interesting beard you have..."
"How the news in is acting towards Hurricane Sandy..."
"That's pretty harsh  proactiv.."
"Helped my dad with some yardwork today."
"Like a motha' fuckin boss"
"planking level: BOSS"
"Had this problem today- ended up with no pants"
"Why fall depresses me."
"Ironman just got more awesome"
"What Black Magic Is This!?"
"No hair tie? Don't worry  I got a spare. (slight NSFW)"
"Amazing police dog catches shooter"
"I don't always watch election coverage...."
"This Came on my Newsfeed..."
"Someone has a problem with authority"
"Google'd 35058607036b12d3312ao wasn't disappointed."
"Google'd 35058607036b12d3312ao wasn't disappointed."
"Believable"
"Gotta love this"
"Forever Alone..."
"Scumbag Bible"
"I bring you... Elephantiasis of the scrotum"
"Bring in the dancing lobsters!"
"well  my life is now complete."
"The game of seduction"
"The Enforcer"
"Do NOT mug girls in Vietnam"
"Beer With Jesus!"
"I read google's birthday doodle as poople"
"So many feels to feel"
"After waking up with over 100 comments on my post in /r/funny"
"Bizarre Hand Creature"
"Pictures from last weeks F1 accident"
"Cause fuck safety"
"Me playing any FPS multiplayer... acted out by cats"
"Batman is the man"
"When you're sitting in bed and feel something tickle your leg.."
"Something Fishy"
"Just starting playing Arma II for the first time . . ."
"WUT"
"My only hope of ever making the front page."
"herpa derpa durr"
"Borderlands 2 Logic"
"Just a surprised cat! (Not putting the freaking punchline in the freaking title)"
"Surviving on photosynthesis"
"Found this gif... wat?"
"Just a man on a flying Crocodile"
"They don't think it be like it is  but it do?"
"Lonely Cat Redo"
"Forget shadow puppets."
"Severe thunderstorm at Brisbane Airport (Australia)"
"Let it out bro  let it out"
"So thats why The North won!"
"My friends custom wallpaper."
"Drawn Plans for Stowing Slaves on Ships During the Slave Trade"
"How to be a gentleman after passing gas"
"...Fox News. Merica."
"Super dog! (x-post from r/aww)"
"Underwater Tiger [1 200px × 800px (scaled to 957px × 638px)]"
"Im coming Home"
"So awesome!!"
"Hopefully one day I'll visit someplace like this..."
"Look at this asshole."
"Onward  Aquaman  to glory."
"Haters gonna hate  Aquaman"
"My Mormon mother watching a documentary about Mormonism right now."
"In the absence of any other explanation  I'm going to assume that this cat owns a vending machine business."
"You Can't Do That!"
"How I pooped when I discovered this subreddit"
"When I get back to my home throne after vacation  I poop like this"
"How I poop when it just won't let me be satisfied."
"Ever wonder what a pug muzzle looks like?"
"Ever wonder what a pug muzzle looks like? (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Is it okay to put this here...?"
"How I feel when my parents say no to a plan I made with friends"
"Here in Manchester we have our own local celebrity: meet the Rabbit man!"
"Was searching for Dodgeball costume ideas and found this instead"
"After 41 years of marriage  my parents still know how to embarrass their kids."
"Merry Christmas Grandma"
"Dinner with Grandma [FIXED]"
"When my RA sends out an email about not drinking in the dorms"
"He likes it"
"Just some boys playing with their train set."
"The first thing I noticed was that they added heads."
"Eyes of Innocence"
"The long and short of the NBA (x-post r/nba)"
"(NSFL) &quot;Alien&quot;"
"She sure does love lasers!"
"RUN!"
"As a Canadian citizen  this is how I will experience the 2012 US elections."
"You don't know man you weren't there!!"
"Viet Cupcakes"
"Shit is about to go DOWN!"
"Damnit  Jerry."
"Best present ever."
"I'll take &quot;GIFs that make you Wat&quot; for 400  Alex."
"Yes  Very Safe."
"How I used to feel when watching Saturday cartoons"
"I first looked at it and I almost pooped my pants. Turns out just car lights"
"Easily My Favorite GIF...badass"
"Using Bird Big as a symbol of the public-funded programs Romney is willing to cut  just to give his friends a little more money."
"You only had one job..."
"Sentinels of the Arctic"
"This show needs to come back [Fixed]"
"I don't even have to try anymore Google"
"Hunkering down for epic blizzard beginning to pummel New York City."
"This is.... Informative?"
"Well  that's quite the unfortunate name."
"Whenever I click a NSFW link. (SFW)"
"We all did it"
"Police Medic..."
"Quote from bill Nye  the fucking science guy"
"Actual quote for Bill Nye the Science Guy"
"2012 Presidential Debates drinking game"
"All the comments on /r/trees today"
"Don't Stop Me Now"
"Woman breastfeeds pug"
"How to troll bees"
"How I felt when I hit 10 000 karma"
"No worries! Just trying out a new stretch."
"A typical day at Goldman Sachs."
"The Ed boys got swag"
"Look at the space between his eyes for thirty seconds  then look at a white space."
"Look at the space between his eyes for thirty seconds  then look at a white space."
"When you see it..."
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"Good timing for this kitty"
"Meow Mix"
"High Five Mate!!"
"Hipster whale."
"Best Gaming Mouse; endorsed by entire species."
"Me when a post of mine gets more than 3 upvotes"
"Caviar at an occupy event? I like your style. [X-post r/pics]"
"Eating Caviar During Occupy Wall Street (X-Post from /r/pics)"
"Someone made a mistake"
"Time for some holiday decorating."
"Bomb defusing robot in action[x-post from r/uiuc]"
"Chimera Cat"
"Every time I see Joffery in Game of Thrones"
"A beer."
"Love this guy."
"Meme level: 70's  Calamitous Carol"
"And people ask me why I don't like dolls."
"Only in America  folks."
"You guys wanna go on the trampoline?....oh wait"
"Go home trampoline youre drunk"
"Go Home Trampoline  Your Drunk."
"Sandy ain't playing."
"Damn all this. I'm atheist now."
"Oh... Yesterday was my cake day  you say?"
"Wicked Dancing"
"The Da Fuq Dance"
"When people don't resize their pictures"
"Holy Shit!"
"Almost finished..."
"Portal 2 | Chell &amp; Companion Cube Wallpaper"
"Inside the mind of every redditor"
"Apocalypse NOW!"
"He strikes again!"
"Righteous!"
"math dance moves to use at parties"
"Ive always wanted to kick a door down too"
"LET ME IN"
"How i feel browsing Reddit lately"
"True Talent.."
"Only in your dreams"
"Nice window you have there.."
"So this is what I woke up to this morning..."
"Oh  Erin"
"The AquaDom"
"Budding hobby photographer  constructive criticism please!"
"Dem Old Folks"
"umwat"
"I wonder what kind of salad Richard Simmons would prepare for me if we ate together?"
"When someone tells me I'm going to go to hell...."
"Meanwhile at the DWB office..."
"After years of him glaring at me from across the dinner table  I decided he CAN has cheezburger."
"I can see you jumping -_-"
"9 different ways to make love to cats in Japan"
"TIL Cats come from Japanese girls mouths."
"Sometimes the oddest couples are the cutest ones."
"Ride elevators a lot?"
"Shuttle launch as seen by skydivers"
"I raise you everything and give you  the Lamprey"
"When I don't know the answer to the first question on an Exam."
"Room"
"I have never laughed so hard at something so terrifying. Ever."
"How I feel being sober walking around campus on a Friday night"
"Dr. Doom spits on your fascist regime [x-post from r/funny]"
"It's the little things"
"Too soon?"
"I know it's a repost  but it still gives me a chuckle."
"Im gong to hell for laughing at this but still"
"Dear Iceburg "
"Chad Johnson aka 'Ochocinco' finally proves he is NOT crazy."
"LATE NIGHT OF REDDITING YOU KNOWS WHAT I IS TALKINGS ABOUT!"
"You tell em' grandma!"
"hmph  must be an election year"
"(X-post from r/funny) Thought you guys might enjoy this..posted in a unisex bathroom at a university."
"Priorities"
"WE ARE NOT WORTHY"
"Frog fucking fish face"
"Batmans come a long way (x-post from r/batman)"
"My favorite drinking buddy"
"Hermit crab in a clear shell"
"Told the pizza guy to 'fuck this bitch up with bacon'. His response: 'I'm gonna murder that motherfucker with bacon'."
"Mermans exist!"
"So  I image searched for 'random' and was not displeased."
"Looked up &quot;Cool Porn Art&quot; and this was the first result. Wat."
"must..leaavee..redditt..for...worldd"
"I didn't know cartoons were so sexual"
"SAW IT  SAW IT HARD"
"thought you guys might be interested."
"Damn Batman  you scary!"
"Batman is hungry."
"Can't Grow a tree..."
"What're the odds"
"For Doland!"
"Dreams can be surprising."
"After many painful crate openings it finally happened!"
"oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"Lance Armstrong had a keen sense of interior decorating"
"Though about commenting on my GFs recent weight gain"
"Bitches please... This wins by a mile."
"Would You Like to Be in This Hotel?"
"How I feel after asking a stupid question on Reddit.."
"Every time Annoying Childhood Friend came to visit"
"Supermoon - Cordoba Spain"
"When I talk to a girl who is way outta my league"
"still my favorite fan art"
"Creepy sexual abuse poster"
"Probably a repost  but this."
"When I receive 10+ upvotes"
"Friday at 5:01 PM"
"Thousand of Taiwanese killed by demon fire bags falling from the sky."
"Thousand of Taiwanese killed by demon fire bags falling from the sky."
"Hop  Skip  and a Jump~"
"And here's how you should sell a book [fixed]"
"This is what happens to my cat when my friend comes over."
"This is what happens to my cat when my friend comes over. (x-post from /r/aww)"
"Googled &quot;crunchy nut guy&quot; and found this"
"This is my November (x-post from Movember)"
"I'm using the iPhone app &quot;Days Until&quot; to count up my days of NoFap  to give me motivation. I took a little bit of inspiration from the top-voted post on this subreddit."
"My neighbor found a dead bird and got it tested. The bird was carrying Nile Fever. My new reaction to all mosquitoes around the house..."
"Horse loves girl"
"how i imagine everyone reposting stuff about the NFL right now"
"You gotta look like this..."
"Diablo cosplay  the most amazing cosplay I've ever seen."
"Just a reminder"
"To me  this is the essence of WTF"
"Also  check the hover-hand."
"Indeed  Siri. You are correct."
"Siri  just checking to see deep your rabbit hole goes. Well done."
"Oh Siri..."
"God dammit Siri I said don't talk to me like that!"
"This is what Siri tells me when I ask for directions xD"
"Grabbing the remote from my wife after she's asleep(Repost)"
"My buddy works at a sheet metal warehouse. This is what he's been doing with his free time."
"My buddy works at a sheet metal warehouse. This is what he's been doing with his free time."
"How women see me at the bar"
"I'll have another beer"
"animated spray paint motorcycle"
"Googled &quot;anagram&quot;"
"So My Friend Found This In His Textbook Today..."
"When I think I have a good post  but reddit downvotes it to oblivion."
"This is a picture of &quot;The Rock&quot; riding Splash Mountain"
"YOU'RE A MAN"
"When some one tells me we have a test today."
"A friend of mine made what she calls &quot;Pupcakes&quot;"
"Gate Tower Building in Osaka"
"no longer a virgin"
"When someone online lives in my area"
"How I feel as a democrat in Texas seeing an Obama sticker"
"Crystal Skull"
"Fire tornado. Source: ntnews.com.au"
"This sofa looks very comfy...wait  what?"
"Reddit Tan Lines"
"I dare you to break into my house"
"Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen"
"my favorite snack as a kid..."
"Tear gas vs..."
"Oh wait..."
"Nearly shit myself laughing"
"there is no other combo"
"PSA for any lady &quot;nervous&quot; or &quot;insecure&quot; about posting on r/gonewild..."
"ROFL copters  now with better music"
"An old tale of friendship.."
"When Steve Jobs got to heaven..."
"THIS IS AN AMAZING BRANCH!!!!!!!"
"I just can't help it"
"Every Single Time"
"Batman Jesus"
"Someone got a pretty serious call from the Pentagon today."
"Wait  does this exist...?"
"So  we heard you like babies..."
"So  we heard you like babies... (xpost)"
"Best to start them young"
"can't tell who's photobombing who.."
"How to explain sex to kids....via pen?"
"My dog's Chia Pet cosplay"
"How i feel trying to post on reddit."
"How I feel when someone looks at the monitor while I'm working."
"Every time I walk into a room someone just farted in."
"Too much?"
"pro-life fanatics have gone too far with their propaganda."
"Sometimes they are WAY too long"
"The force is strong with this one..."
"Francis is sexy and he knows it"
"It had to be done."
"Luckiest cat in the whole damn world"
"Best movie to be played. period."
"4chan's guide to having a bitchin time with your orangutan"
"Ma BENZZZ"
"TIL that the Vatican doesn't really need to change the decor to get ready for Halloween"
"when the world needed him most..."
"tRiPpY"
"How I feel checking my tumblr after being on reddit"
"Check out my new invention!"
"Prison Break"
"This needs to happen one day"
"Now I want both."
"He will be a redditor someday"
"Remember  females are oppressed in this male dominated society!"
"The real reason i have a problem with kickstarter"
"Wedgie"
"I have so many uses of this perfect troll face"
"I absolutely love this man"
"The wheelchair olympics are really going off!"
"Poor Brian"
"my wife and I watched zeitgeist. then after 10 minutes -"
"My first pair of glasses"
"Scumbag Zazu"
"My response to friends when they reference something funny that originated from Reddit"
"Some Of The Best TV Captions"
"OH  THE HORROR!!!!"
"MFW it's my cakeday and I realize I have nothing to post"
"Just got banned from posting to /r/funny"
"When I realized I missed my cakeday. By two weeks."
"How I feel when I post and get a downvote without a view...."
"The Genious Who Invented Planking"
"Proper Grammar"
"the choice is yours"
"Fire Truck Red!"
"fuck  now I want to try meth."
"Pac-man's Relationship Problems"
"Would not recommend..."
"Nigel Thornberry"
"Blarghaaahrgarg"
"How many people can you recognise?"
"How I feel when I finally get my period"
"I don't know if you've seen this before  but it struck a chord with me. &quot;You are free.&quot;"
"Oh  just a family pho... WTF?!"
"No Hope. No Cash. No Jobs."
"sunset from inside a tunneling wave"
"After all my time on reddit  here is the most fitting pic"
"Sounds about right"
"religion is like a penis"
"Religion is like a penis"
"How indeed"
"Story of my life."
"ArenaNet headquarters as of April 10th"
"When interesting thread titles link to a huge Wikipedia page (usually in TIL)"
"When you don't save your game after a while/difficult part and it crashes"
"How I feel as a female on reddit today"
"Extremely Angry Panda"
"Mexican kitty"
"Searched &quot;the internet is strange&quot; and I came to this."
"Oh youtube"
"Whale Shark  Gulf of Tadjoura"
"Tallahassee's reaction to Hostess news"
"All he wanted was a Twinkie"
"We just wanted grandpa to feel at home"
"Penguins on an Iceberg"
"Saw this in r/funny and I just had to make a gif"
"Travel photography... you're doing it right."
"please just shut the fuck up"
"80's cat."
"derp"
"If you drive like this  you are an assh... you are FUCKING amazing"
"I just came back from the future..."
"Thank you StumbleUpon"
"Better go with the Family Plan"
"T-Rex Hates Pushups."
"Me too T-Rex"
"Housemate did this to my door last night..."
"When the teacher calls me to the front of the class and I have a boner."
"That is some real american pie."
"When plugging in my mouse after spilling beer on it the night before."
"Sick of gas prices?"
"Cheaper gas prices? You got my vote!"
"Christians  speechless much?"
"I do not make a mature groomsman."
"Apple. The early years."
"Like A Boss..."
"My girlfriend and I were driving in the mountains when suddenly..."
"Carol never wore her safety goggles..."
"This message will self destruct"
"beer me"
"haters gon' hate"
"Pimpin' 1941"
"I guess I am going to start a meth habit if this is the case!"
"He can shoot it down with that?"
"Spangles  the Cross-Eyed Cat"
"I'm having chest pains. Maybe I need a little snack."
"Well  that's something I've never seen before."
"When you're sure you've had enough"
"How I feel when my girlfriend keeps teasing me"
"Don't mess with the rabbit"
"I had a glorious cake day planned in which I unveil to the world my collection of celebrities' faces photoshopped into potatoes. Unfortunately  the day has snuck up at an inopportune time.Therefore I give to you now... Plan B. 365 days worth of awesome photos."
"Grandpa Redditor"
"But we need more Lemon Pledge"
"bats are awesome"
"Drop it like it's hot."
"gangstas"
"He's beyond the &quot;beyond&quot;."
"Just wanted to jump by and say hi.."
"Oh hey guys!"
"I want 12 inches and i want it to hurt.."
"The C Word"
"Well  this ruined cupcakes for me."
"Nailed them (NSFW)"
"cobra man don't care. cobra man doesnt give a fuck!"
"It was my gift to the queen"
"This one's old  but still one of my favorites."
"My reaction to Imgur's maintenance  when all I want to do is look at this heartbreaking photo of parents and their dying daughter."
"When my mom told me she gave away my N64...."
"Cakeday and I didn't realize it until 9:30"
"Wilford Brimley"
"Happy birthday to his face"
"Kitty sleepover in the kitchen."
"Can this be anymore awkward?"
"All Movie Theaters Should be Like This"
"I hate how when asian porn is pixelated"
"How Sweden views Sweden"
"Ninja Bear Cubs"
"Playing with the moon"
"Of course God has all the beers..."
"Of course god has all the beers"
"Of course god has all the beers..."
"When my shut in roommate finally goes home for the weekend"
"GERONIMO!"
"Conan's pup?"
"THIS is the best Amazon review ever."
"How i feel living in North Carolina."
"As a former Marine and OEF veteran  this is how i feel on r/politics"
"How I learned to use my parents stereo."
"Fingers. Om nom nom."
"Its my first cakeday  so here's a random image from my personal &quot;WTF&quot; folder!"
"Whenever I try to do something cool in front of my friends."
"Everytime I post somthing on Reddit"
"finger painting"
"Now is the Winter (x-post from r/funny)"
"Slow down you Madman!"
"The coolest tattoo ever"
"Constantly have bitches on my mind."
"Not entirely sure what to make of this."
"LOTR Catapults"
"Holy hell! Who remembers this show?!"
"This picture wants to make me die inside. Enjoy."
"Choose"
"Dat English"
"Oh god..."
"&quot;Hardcore Gamers&quot; [FIXED]"
"friendzone"
"taco"
"Human imagination is infinite!"
"ZZZzzz"
"ZZZzzz"
"This showed up on my news feed."
"How much cheese is too much cheese?"
"Fuck you Jesus get your own heroin"
"NYC street art"
"The good guys in our lives. (sorry if repost)"
"I forgot to plan for my cakeday... shit shit shit shit"
"Beaker over Baghdad"
"Dog named Dick"
"googled &quot;reddit dick&quot; and got this. but it's not on a cat"
"How I feel whenever I see a crybaby post about being &quot;afraid to post to reddit&quot;"
"After me and my brother make a joke at the expense of my dad"
"When my girlfriend and I found out the pregnancy test was negative"
"O Hellz No..."
"Black physicians treating a KKK member in the ER"
"My Noble Steed"
"Ron-Fucking-Swanson"
"One of my favorite adaptations"
"Probably my favorite gif of all time."
"Father?"
"It had to be done"
"Flight attendant takes picture of empty cabin before passengers board  and claims to be the only passenger on the airplane."
"Nicki Minaj as a teenager."
"On the first day of school"
"That roofing dog is an amateur."
"5 gum"
"Ninja's don't wear watches...."
"Opposite Day!"
"How I feel about having Valentines day as my birthday."
"MFW my ex-girlfriend of less than a month is in a relationship on facebook."
"Bobcat kitten and 3-day old fawn take shelter together after the Jesusita Fire in Santa Barbara  CA."
"When you search for &quot;young Stephen Hawking&quot;."
"For some reason these fit together perfectly"
"Just so happened to fit"
"Harder  Better  Faster  Hand Dance"
"Harder  Better  Faster  Hand Dance"
"Official Reddit Chair"
"Reddit's Throne. (x-posted from /r/cats)"
"City of the future"
"I visit my friend at work and see the Black version of Clifford"
"United States of Good Beer"
"I don't even know where to start asking questions about this."
"The definition of WTF. Can anyone explain?!"
"When I receive my Student Loan Refund Check and it's more than I expected."
"Vote for Dole"
"Oh my god  I just peed a little."
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"I think this belongs here."
"ummm couldn't think of a name... Banana's seem appropriate."
"University"
"HYUCK HYUCK HYUCK"
"Oh snap!"
"Probably the coolest self portrait ever. By astronaut Aki Hoshide."
"The ultimate FB profile pic"
"My reaction to 95% of my newsfeed"
"That Subway mascot is getting out of control"
"That feeling before unsubscribing from a sub-reddit. [Fixed]"
"How I felt leaving work after my last shift there ever:"
"How I feel unsubscribing from r/atheism"
"Seriously  get me off this f*cking planet.."
"Oh dear... [fb]"
"Who is that?"
"10 000 FPS Water Droplet Coalescence Cascade  in a handy GIF (15 MB  wait for it.)"
"Grandpa said this to me while working on farm."
"overly manly man goes hunting.."
"Little feel good for the Monday blues....:-)"
"Just..a little... further...."
"Nutella would be amazing with these!"
"A knuckle sandwich will never be the same"
"Piggly Wiggly Pizza (xpost r/shittyfoodporn)"
"NASA gets an AMAZING image of a CME"
"we are just an advanced breed of monkeys... [1920x1020]"
"How I feel about cake day posts the other 364 days of the year"
"how I feel about my reddit cake day"
"How I feel when my dad flips over to The O'Reilly Factor."
"Must have been a rough night."
"Get well."
"The ultimate manliest poster ever..."
"Found this snowy ball while browsing the Iceland entry on Wikipedia"
"wtf teletubbies?"
"Teletubbies + Papa Smurf"
"The unveiling of fried chicken..."
"How I feel about my failed posts."
"How I feel seeing all the kittens on r/awww and knowing I can't have one."
"I just found out that my little cousin gets to perform with Mckayla Maroney at the end of the month. This was my reaction."
"Whenever I see something on the front page that I'd seen or thought of before.."
"Trying to come up with ideas for cakeday posts."
"Hey my cakeday is coming up...wait what's today...Arrrghhh!"
"I had a peeling..."
"And these people want to form their own government?"
"3/10"
"Cosby"
"Zippity zoo bop!"
"'Merica"
"Racoon holding a cat"
"When you saw only one set of footprints  it was when I carried you."
"Hope this is not a repost. Rescue Racoon!"
"Just got back from staying at my parents house for a week. How I felt as soon as I walked in my own door."
"the true meaning of WTF"
"Thought this belonged here."
"Easily the weirdest GIF that I've ever seen"
"When I found out it was Pi Day  and also my Cake Day..."
"How I feel after it's been a full year."
"My 8 yr old cousin from Alabama asked if I should be considered white or brown (I'm Korean). This was his reaction when my mother told him &quot;yellow&quot;."
"Perfect place to end a rainbow!"
"i wish i had this when i was younger"
"Most fun one could possibly have. Hands down."
"Today on Google  A Happy Little Doodle."
"Nothing can describe this"
"Cow Photobomb"
"Not sure how to title it. Headline says it all"
"The Club Can't Handle Me"
"Hardcore Partying!!"
"Hardcore Partying!! [x-post from gifs]"
"You mean scrabble"
"A short story..."
"breaking story from Fox News - Arkansas has been renamed Missouri  and Alabama and Mississippi switched places overnight."
"Will be building one of these for tomorrow evening"
"Grinning dog"
"My faggot dog doing this faggot look everytime I come home"
"Alright  Reddit  show me the picture that NEVER FAILS to make you laugh. I'll start."
"So that's what caused the ground to shake"
"Why are they doing this?"
"What Woody the cowboy did with his Toy Story royalty check."
"This has ruined Toy Story for me.."
"back off  bro"
"So much strange in one picture."
"Simply memorizing."
"Tom Hanks and his Emmy..."
"Nice parking skills"
"Perspective"
"Reminder that we all have a different perspective"
"My friend's gift in memory of 9/11"
"How I think I look as a vegetarian shopping for groceries"
"White people..."
"How I feel as an unsuccessful Redditor looking at the frontpage."
"Everyone else is starting halloween early  so have some teacup pigs."
"So I heard you guys like foxes..."
"my friend posted this pic from her plane ride on her facebook. nic cage looks pretty rough..."
"SQUEEEE!!!!!"
"BABY PLATYPUS!"
"When I realized I had missed my cakeday"
"When I see something on the internet that I consider posting on Reddit  then decide it wouldn't do well  then see it on the front page"
"How I reacted when I realized I missed my cake day by one day"
"Can't wait to say this again on Friday"
"How I feel as a sports fan in Kansas City."
"How everyone working at a restaurant this week feels"
"A real man's breakfast."
"Man  Mitt Romney's really going for those Latino votes"
"Groovin'"
"cham*pain (n.)"
"Dead Ewok action figure"
"But isn't that..."
"The next big leap forward in technology!"
"pizza day was the best day of the week"
"did you love it or hate it?"
"There's what behind me?"
"When I vote on comments in a thread."
"Oh Billy  Billy boy  when are you going to find whatever it is you're lookin' for?"
"Golden Gate Bridge buried in fog"
"Any sort of combustion goes well with this song."
"By far the creepiest family picture ever..."
"WEIRDEST FAMILY PICTURE EVER!!! (Kinda NSFW?)"
"Reddit  Today is my birthday and no one has acknowledged me...pretty much sums it up"
"when you see it"
"Well hello there!"
"A mist had settled over Yosemite Valley  as automobiles passed through  headlights illuminated the fog by Phil Hawkins [xpost /r/EarthPorn]"
"The artist really captured my passion"
"There just so much win in this photo. If it was a movie  I'd pay to see it."
"Still my all time favorite .gif"
"This is Gumbi's house"
"How i felt trying to get with my friends cousin"
"Gumby's pissed"
"Denied by Gumby"
"When my friend dropped the f-bomb during dinner with my parents"
"Next time I'm insulted  I'm taking a tip from the past and doing this"
"In honor of international bacon day"
"Reddit  show me your best bacon masterpiece."
"The most obvious thing about tonight's Workaholics."
"Silly Teabagger: College Edition"
"Ow my brain.."
"my reaction when i notice a submission linking to gawker.com"
"Skeet skeet skeet skeet"
"I just bought a huge steak  and then realized what day it was."
"Get Well Soon!"
"My friend saw this on the side of the road"
"my friends think life and death is just a game...."
"Amurrica!"
"Well  fuck... (from my front porch)"
"Hey  do we have any crackers?"
"Hey Jen  do we have any crackers?"
"crappy hood construction"
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"Kitty has teddy"
"Outta the way son!"
"Every Time I Submit Something"
"This guy has an anteater"
"I think this is the funniest thing I've seen all day..."
"My favorite picture from the haunted house album"
"Hidden camera in haunted house takes priceless pictures of people in fear"
"So fast it's a blur"
"Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche."
"Finally  the Ipad accessory we've all been waiting for."
"What I look for in a woman."
"I don't want to think about where she keeps the dust pan"
"What a Ho!"
"In soviet Russia (found on Facebook)"
"When I'm driving at night and the oncoming driver and I both dim our lights."
"Chick-fil-a CEO in response to all the criticism."
"I Google reddit typical  here is the answer !"
"Searched for &quot;manatee&quot; and got this."
"This guide was useful last time I was out partying"
"How I feel with people still talking about no shave November when I still shave every day for work..."
"Get the London look"
"Get The London Look"
"Shut up Baby  I know it."
"&quot;Bite my fresh shiny clean metal ass&quot;"
"My partner in crime"
"Dendi fits right in to the new Hobbit poster."
"Get off electric lines  trampoline. You are not a bird."
"Alternate ending for Twilight."
"TIL: The vast majority of the world's communications are not carried by satellites but by an older technology: cables under the sea"
"Not a single fuck"
"Zero fucks given"
"Whenever my family tells me to just ''Go Get a Job''"
"Jobs!!!! [fb]"
"This is *my* favorite .gif"
"my new favorite .gif"
"repost  but it gets me every time."
"Gambling."
"Gambling."
"Gambling."
"If this is a real thing  I want it in my house"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Easy going me getting into an argument"
"Yes  whatever floats your..."
"You think that gives you power over me!?"
"Bane makes his own damn rules"
"The jimmies rustle softly"
"There is no need to be upset."
"Calm your jimmies  gently..."
"Every news station right now"
"Here's Ollie with the weather..."
"this shouldnt﻿ make me laugh.. but it does"
"I got chills... they're multiplyin'"
"Redditors across the globe during the recent downtime."
"This made me cry."
"I din't find it"
"This is a baby dressed as a lobster."
"Rare White Rhino Being Born"
"Oh damn... She's fine"
"Night life"
"Judgmental Gorilla"
"The stare I give my mom when she walks in the room on the phone while I'm watching a movie"
"what the fuck are you doing..."
"Just a guy inspecting an elephants asshole"
"Yeah  that's a person in there. [NSFWish]"
"Mass Effect 3 was terrible! I can't believe it ended like that!"
"So it's my cake day today..."
"Whenever I look into a new hobby."
"Salut and Jump - Felix Baumgartener"
"Abandon Thread!"
"Well  here goes..."
"BAUMGAAAARRRTTTNNNEEEERR!!!"
"Might be a repost but I lol'd pretty hard."
"It sure seems like it"
"Test your might!!"
"Bombs away!"
"I only wish I was that baddass"
"Girls would never blow bubbles again!"
"Charlie Chaplin knows the awkwardness"
"Poor Charlie"
"YEP!"
"When people ask how i get reaction gifs so quickly on facebook."
"What I Look Like talking to hot girls."
"Reddit may not always like OC  but when I modify a popular gif..."
"Those poor cats..."
"There's so many reasons I love this gif."
"Friends new Golden Retriever/Siberian Husky mix"
"A painful lesson learned"
"Revenge of the hedgehog."
"Snooki had a"
"Your reaction to it being my cakeday"
"We can't pass up on a good picture now..."
"The same thing happens when Reddit finds a cool link"
"Left my monkey and dog unattended  came back to find this"
"Once I put on my headphones  my life becomes a music video."
"My brother posted this on Facebook. Must. Not. Laugh."
"Trolled! Gangnam Style!"
"My personal favorite Gif. Still use it!"
"Jerry..."
"Driving like a boss  my favorite gif"
"I haven't been on reddit all day and I just realized that it was my cake day today. I hope most redditors feel this way right now..."
"How i feel as a hardcore The Last Airbender series fan and discovering the subreddit for the first time."
"Being on very strong prescription pain pills while I browse reddit"
"This is how i reddit drunk."
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk"
"Lets play Sandy!!!"
"I live on the east coast  this just popped up on my news feed"
"You could have taken it apart"
"My Childhood in a nutshell"
"You'll make it to Portland one day"
"Trying to check out the Obama AMA"
"So I spent an hour on /r/aww today"
"How I Met Your Mother is good  but..."
"Hey Reddit  where is this place?"
"Aogashima  Japan"
"Scumbag Debra Morgan"
"Soon."
"My first time reading the bible"
"The stare that every supporter of SOPA/PIPA gets."
"You....lost....MY.....porn? (SFW)"
"Just realized it was my cake day 20 min before it was over."
"When I first read the bible cover to cover..."
"Bertception"
"The first time I saw a vagina"
"When someone posts a &quot;When you see it&quot; picture"
"Everytime I drop my pick in my guitar [Fixed]"
"WHICH ONE OF YOU STATES IS THE REAL DIRTY DAN!?"
"How my brain works in clubs"
"Saul's take..."
"My God... (Pizaa. Cutting. Fork.)"
"Amazing picture of the milky way over Cliffs of Moher  Ireland."
"I'm a Fucking T-REX!"
"There's been a lot of before/after pics lately  but I think my transformation beats all others."
"When my ex asked me if it is hard being Mexican in America now a days  I only had one response...."
"Oink?"
"Idk if this is a repost but it definitely belongs here"
"You know what I am  bitch I'm"
"Today I was greeted with a sarcastic  &quot;Hey  nice shirt.&quot; What other option did I have?"
"In response to the Kim Jong Il Statue from Team America post."
"Ron Swanson"
"Weiner dog and roman candle  hilarity ensues."
"LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE"
"From his perspective"
"Mufasa &amp; Simba. For real"
"Mufasa"
"Happy Fathers Day!"
"Father and son..."
"When my 1 yr old is still crying after i put on all the cartoons and music he loves"
"Whenever I show someone my favorite movie and it looks like they don't like it"
"._."
"Giddy Up"
"cocaine toothache drops"
"I feel like this is necessary every time I go on 4chan"
"How I feel when people use a post to express their failure to reach the front page and experience great success."
"Oh  so your repost of my link made the front page."
"WHY? WHY IS THIS A THING?"
"Randomly found this on an old harddrive. [GIF]"
"You young whippersnappers and your fancy  modern-day Steam. You don't even know."
"Who's old enough to remember this shit? Times have changed!"
"Nature finds a way"
"SMASHING"
"Spiderman dances on beat to just about any song you play for him."
"Just show a little bit of dominance."
"Peter Venkman was right  its mass hysteria."
"What the fuck  god?!"
"Anytime..."
"Sloths."
"What theists do not seem to understand."
"Whew  close call!"
"When my friends tell me there's gonna be a new Call of Duty game"
"My reaction to the homecoming spam on facebook"
"When people tell me my car is old"
"So I decided to give Imgur roulette a try..."
"Googled How to Break /r/aww"
"Naptime."
"Nature is amazing"
"Boo is too cute"
"I giggled!"
"The Transformizzle"
"How i feel when i repost something and some one reveals that in the comments"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost..."
"How I feel when I repost something and someone reveals that in the comments"
"When a link opens in a new fucking window"
"How i feel when stupid reposts get on the front page"
"How some of us feel when we comment on a post and don't get an upvote from OP."
"Whoa"
"thats funny i dont remember taking shrooms"
"Cat stole my phone."
"Photoshopped right? right?"
"Floating doggy leash! And that other thing.."
"Gangster resume. Someone hire this guy!"
"Gangsta Resume"
"Dear NASA "
"You get 'em Pluto."
"One of the few funny ones I have found of Facebook."
"Clearly I have been using the internet wrong. (Fixed)"
"How I feel  having comment karma significantly higher than my link karma."
"When I discovered r/gonewild"
"Ring around the rosie"
"Is that Mike?!"
"Hey Mike!"
"Sexy Russian"
"4chan shows its support for 9gag (X-post from /r/4chan)"
"Random letter into imgur... WTF?"
"I DO NOT NEED A MICROPHONE"
"Yep  I remember"
"That moment when you have to go outside...."
"Nice try Reddit  but I know it's actually a Dorito"
"What the HELL is this!?"
"How I feel about Reddit today."
"NOOOO!!!!"
"Ow! -- reddit.com"
"There's something about it that actively makes me want to spam the shit out of F5 more than I originally would."
"Nemo 33: The world's deepest swimming pool"
"Tony Stark goes about things a little differently"
"Fuck you  I am Iron Man"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man"
"Superhero Identity"
"What it was like finally passing my friend in karma"
"The Front Page Today"
"How I feel being from Arizona during Winter"
"It's time to bring this guy back"
"Fuck off Jesus."
"For my cake day  I will post my favorite gif of all time here. THAT FACE."
"The truth"
"Thanks  Jesus."
"Honestly..."
"What are you thinking about little duck?"
"leaves"
"Ill get that bitch some leaves"
"Just Stop"
"Please?"
"mfw i realized i had missed my cakeday"
"&quot;Help  i've married a centaur!&quot;"
"Wut"
"The Mayans predicted Lil Wayne"
"Scumbag Steve as a Kid?"
"Wet 'n' Wild"
"Featuring Ba-Kon"
"88 miles per hour"
"Oh yeah"
"Police officer hit by Molotov Cocktail. Greek riots."
"Extreme sports"
"HIFW no one comments or votes on my posts"
"Tired Sloth"
"The cure for a shitty mood"
"Vaped for the first time instant [10]"
"What I imagine a Mormon wedding night is like."
"Coming home from a 3 week vacation."
"The first time you finish inside your partner with no condom"
"Ice tea anyone?"
"New ice tea?"
"Volcanic Lightning Storm"
"Erupted Volcano!"
"Epic down-vote beard"
"One of my favorite pictures."
"... It's true!!!"
"Titty Sprinkles"
"Clever Gif"
"My 2nd Favorite GIF."
"The ending of The Dark Knight Rises. Don't click if you haven't seen the movie."
"The ending to The Dark Knight Rises"
"this.."
"How everyone should ride an elevator"
"Deliciously morbid"
"Best friends forever"
"The issue I take with Christianity"
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"The Asian time bomb"
"as a white guy with a korean gf  i fear this..."
"Unsafe earth..."
"Run Mars... Run!!!"
"My reaction to Disney buying LucasArts for 4.05 billion"
"Kick ass breaking bad kids"
"This pretty much sums up the difference between the North and South"
"Why would you give these to me?"
"Probably my all time favourite gif"
"Where do I start..."
"I type WTF in Google. This is what I get... Softies"
"Dafuck ?"
"THIS is what r/WTF is about."
"Nothing on /r/WTF has been very wtf worthy"
"Definitely one of the most WTFworthy pictures out there."
"Where is your god now?"
"Where is your god now?"
"Mastodon with Barney &amp; Friends"
"What I think about when browsing /r/new"
"Finished my last exam today. This is how I feel."
"Reposts"
"asian party boy - paper tiger edition?"
"How I feel downvoting something on the front page."
"How I feel when people post &quot;How I feel when..&quot; gifs"
"My thoughts on every Woody Harrelson post today."
"So apparently Jersey Shore got cancelled."
"Anytime I hear anyone in class complain about their &quot;obscene amount of homework&quot;."
"My reaction to this NFL ref's stuff..."
"When people ask questions in class this is how I usually feel..."
"Rollin"
"Like a baws"
"Like father  like son"
"Fuck Yeah"
"I get a little scared... (FB)"
"Squishy and Delicious"
"Just saw something in my grandparent's attic that sold for $100 on Pawn Stars."
"You spin me right round!"
"How I feel about the combined news of Monster Hunter 3DS and the second slide pad attachment"
"How I feel watching NASA TV right now"
"Just got the syllabus"
"I've never made any investments before  so I went on r/investing to see if I could learn anything..."
"Me tonight  during the debate"
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"How I feel when I think its my Reddit birthday and noticing that it passed a month ago."
"WOOF WOOF WOanjfjsefewuhfnjgroiuqh"
"Little assholes like my backpack"
"Every Bite You Take..."
"Ballerina"
"How I Feel As a Horse on Reddit"
"r/atheism in a nutshell"
"Every time I see a post with more than one &quot;[FIXED]&quot; in the title..."
"How I feel about all the Chris Brown jokes on Reddit:"
"asian girl turns into pink armadillo ball  knocks truck off cliff"
"The Power Rangers have changed quite a bit since I was a kid..."
"to kill a mockingbird"
"There IS Such a Thing As Too Much Awesome"
"A boiling cauldron of American culture."
"OCD Cat"
"Went to a family reunion over the weekend. My first thoughts..."
"Going to a new relative's place for Thanksgiving"
"How I feel when guys like my girlfriend's status about getting into shape"
"Just activated my Facebook again after 5 year hiatus..."
"I stumbled accross this while viewing a friends facebook"
"Cheeky little fella!"
"Remember Beans from Even Stevens? well this is him all grown up..."
"Fette's Vette"
"Sorry Reddit  Just Another Re-Post [fixed]"
"Mmmmmm no no.."
"When payday comes around and I think I'm rich"
"MFW i make eye contact with someone on a moped"
"My Feelings On No Fap September"
"Go home deer  you're drunk."
"Redditor weatherman."
"TopGear"
"What I feel like on reddit today."
"Recently  everyone else seems to ..."
"After reading &quot;What is the grossest  most regrettable thing you have done sexually?&quot;"
"r/Atheism... Why?"
"Christopher Nolan Stole my Money."
"Seriously  am I alone here on this?"
"Am I the only one...?"
"i can't be the only one..."
"It seems like everyday it hits the front page"
"Seriously  this never happens"
"how the boomerang works in real life (for most people)"
"Double Faces"
"Champagne nut shot"
"I'm disappointed in my generation..."
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"So Up was based on his life?"
"My cakeday is almost over and all I got was this cat"
"My face; first time hearing this song."
"Microsoft's E3 last year."
"So subtle  yet so true."
"How I felt at my cousins 14th birthday party."
"WHO SAID IT!"
"Pig. Poop. Balls. (Exactly Like it Sounds)"
"Shit Balls"
"Not enough effort"
"My life represented in a gif"
"DAMN CHAIR"
"Tag  you're it."
"Calm Your Tits"
"The Huxtable's are doing it right  but it feels so wrong."
"She's going the distance..."
"The pursuit of reddit karma  as best summed up in a single GIF"
"How I feel trying to make it to the front page"
"Dandy"
"Steve-O lights a girl on fire. [nsfw]"
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Look who decided to do some shopping at my school bookstore today."
"So this guy came by my college bookstore this afternoon... Pretty cool guy."
"To sell propane  you must become propane..."
"Gotham Style!!!"
"The Greatest Man to Ever Exist"
"He does seem intent on doing just that."
"How I feel before a post"
"Superstar QB photo bomb"
"Peanut Butter Derps"
"When ever I eat a Reese's."
"GTA in a nutshell"
"How I felt when I fell off of my longboard the morning of my 20th Birthday"
"sucks to be that guy."
"Nice work Luke."
"Fight against 9gag [Xpost from /r/funny  repost for awareness)"
"Googled gay seal  found this"
"Not exactly the kind of seal I was looking for  Google..."
"This popped up on my Facebook news feed with no explanation at all."
"I see your dead seal and I raise you seal."
"Find this stored in my phone today  makes me laugh every time"
"Colin Mochrie at his best"
"&quot;Your an asshole&quot;"
"My reaction when a student at my gf's university who was driving a PORSCHE was complaining that he thought someone stole his parking pass and needed it reimbursed."
"Been saving this one for a while. c:"
"Mommy  can I have some of that Armstrong stuff?"
"Who knew pufferfish could be so cute?"
"How I feel watching my post on the frontpage"
"One of the more interesting face swaps in my opinion"
"Googled n64 mods and found this"
"Look at those pointy boobs"
"Best face swap ever"
"Face-swap"
"Pavlov's Dog"
"I can't stop watching it."
"&quot;Ridiculously Photogenic Criminals&quot;"
"His face is priceless"
"Bubble burst"
"Rock Band: Star Wars"
"Have you ever seen anything like it?"
"I've been saving pictures of kitties with strange eyes. Today  I present them to you!"
"I have the sweetest boner right now"
"The Doctor is in."
"Everyone's favorite day in school."
"Andre the Giant &amp; Wilt Chamberlain holding up Arnold Schwarzenegger."
"Everything I Am"
"Now that's a big damn tree..."
"Just thought this belonged here...."
"How to prepare for a friday night"
"So wait...Jesus didn't walk on water?"
"MFW when I called my ex girlfriend a bitch at prom"
"Every time I solo queue on any RTS MOBA game."
"The doctor has bad news."
"I wen't to the doctors yesterday... It didn't turn out so well."
"hi *giggle*"
"In case your life was lacking in puppies."
"This is one of my favorite gifs ever  enjoy!"
"Just keep walking."
"every time someone walks in on me surfing 4chan"
"Just keep walking"
"Someday I hope i can do this."
"Found this gem on my news feed."
"Racist olympic tracks"
"I mean... he's not WRONG"
"My friend's son just brought this home from school. Dad is so proud!"
"GTFO bitch  I'm doing science"
"How it feels going from a twin to a queen size bed"
"When I shave my pubes"
"&quot;How can you not care?&quot;"
"Ned Flanders IS the Danger - Ned as Walter White"
"Very Awkward"
"Wall sockets from all over the world"
"How I Feel About this Chick-Fil-A Nonsense Going Around. If Only More People Were Like Clint."
"How many can you recognize? I looked at this for at least a half hour."
"Gotta love the stories from the Bible."
"i... i just don't know. i have to laugh every time i read it! it never gets old."
"Meanwhile in walmart."
"Baby bear afraid of baby lion."
"I got to meet Nirvana back in the day"
"The original Ronald McDonald clown...."
"If only I made as much a year as he does a day...."
"Wanted to share my favorite Dean moment. Ever. Of all time."
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts by Shel Silverstein"
"Ayyyyyyyyyy"
"Cheesus Christ"
"Sometimes Wendy just didn't feel her freshest. (NSFW)"
"When I wake and realize I still have 3 more hours of sleep left."
"Freedom!"
"HAND-DRAWN AWESOMENESS: THE PERFECT ESCAPE"
"One of my all time favorites"
"Danger zone!"
"Meow so hard"
"How I feel when shaving my balls."
"When I find out my girlfriend is bisexual"
"Tried fried chicken and waffles for the first time today..."
"This has got to be one of the funniest gifs I have ever seen."
"And this is why dinosaurs don't Rollerblade.."
"Me  Running drunk into bed."
"My favorite gif... EVER"
"Trying to talk my way out of an argument where I know I'm wrong."
"How it feels down-voting something that ends up on the front page..."
"This isn't how it's supposed to work is it?"
"A great way to start the day"
"When I go home for break and it's time for dinner"
"Horses."
"What seems to please reddit for the past few days"
"Let's travel in time and space."
"I didn't hear an evil laugh [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Evil Snake..."
"Dawww."
"Theyyyyyyy're acceptable!"
"I was scrolling through the questions on You Rather when I accidentally voted on this. I sunddenly realized: I was the deciding vote!"
"This is the toughest decision of my life.... Ill let reddit decide."
"That was almost a land slide"
"How a key works"
"The good ol' days . . ."
"How I feel when I walk into an American liquor store as a Canadian."
"My reaction to hearing the REAL refs are back"
"Comedian Craig Gass just posted this on his Facebook"
"Who could say no to those blue eyes?"
"Don't worry about me  I am not cold..."
"Winter Happiness"
"Hello down there  friend!"
"Bill Nye the Science Guy and Mythbusters"
"Bread Crumbs"
"REQUEST(1600x900)"
"Bread crumbs"
"when my post gets a few votes and is then forgotten forever"
"When someone on the internet starts threatening me."
"Whenever my mom says I need to have &quot;faith&quot;."
"every time a pushy asshat christian ends an unwanted conversation with a shit-eating smile and a &quot;well...when the lord needs ya  he.ll getcha!&quot;"
"Nothing much... just missed her"
"Whenever I see &quot;just turned 18&quot; on gonewild submissions"
"every time my roommate says he'll do the dishes"
"How I react when I make a funny comment and get upvoted"
"After I saw pictures of a girl I know on r/gonewild"
"The moment when you find out you made the top comment for the first time."
"2012 NFL football season is back"
"When I wake up after a night of drinking with no hangover and money still in my wallet."
"What I imagine getting 50 upvotes on a post feels like"
"How i am feeling now my exams are over."
"Nope. [X-Post from pics]"
"Tremendous pain in 3  2  1.."
"This made me cringe"
"Some men just want to watch the world BURN."
"Everyhawks"
"Redditor tapes remotes to cat  adds pun for karma."
"Alakazam cannot withstand the PSY Beam."
"Psy beam!!"
"Thanks Reddit. This is basically my life because of you."
"I love it."
"It's not just all puppies and kittens on /r/aww"
"So  it snowed in Ohio today..."
"50 Car pileup in Colerain  Ohio."
"I hope they use a surge protector."
"Aced it"
"Soon"
"Soon"
"This belongs here"
"Dis is mine."
"Lil' Wayne"
"Lil Wayne"
"Baby in a blanket!"
"Brain freeze"
"Do a barrel roll"
"Very vivid chameleon"
"The beauty of winter"
"It's coming"
"Falling with style!"
"Swagrid"
"I give you... GANGNAM STYLE INFINITE"
"GANGNAM STYLE INFINITE"
"George Carlin knew what he was talking about"
"The Adventures of Helen Keller"
"googled &quot;evolution of a man&quot; and this came up"
"Not Expected"
"My reaction when I go back home  and see people from high school"
"The Devil does some weird shit."
"The Devil is the Coolest!"
"Well played."
"The Secret to happiness is...."
"what? i got an upvote?"
"It makes so much sense [TMNT]"
"Jim Carrey is the original!"
"Such a rough day..."
"Costume Win! This kid is awesome!"
"Anytime someone corrects my spelling"
"The longer you watch  the weirder it gets."
"When I click a link instead of the pic expander and ruin never ending reddit on RES"
"How I feel being liberal in the South and reading FB status updates."
"After 3 hours of work on my game  my computer just kicked me from the game without autosave."
"Any time I accidentally click on IE instead of the start button."
"The Flight Deck of Space Shuttle Endeavour"
"Meanwhile in Poland"
"the day I found out I can unsubscribe to /r/atheism"
"Not so scary anymore."
"Ever wonder what sharks would look like with people teeth? Wonder no more!"
"Change your Facebook profile pictures for Shark Week! (The whole thing  or cut and paste)"
"Just imagine."
"Googled happy sharks. Was not dissapointed."
"Okay guys  this has gone way to far... I'm disappointed..."
"The only toaster I care to talk about on Reddit. [FIXED]"
"like a boss"
"Salvador Dali had an anteater"
"Salvador Dali walking his anteater"
"i don't even..."
"Octoasian"
"This fit far too well."
"Go home trucks  you're drunk"
"Just a praying mantis riding a bike."
"My Favorite Frisbee"
"Serious bummer."
"Without further ado  I present to you  a baby hedgehog"
"Off rapper Gucci Mane's Instagram"
"Sorry to intrude  good sir  but it's time for my walk."
"Oh  okay."
"&quot;Proceed  Governor&quot;"
"RIP Hostess"
"Never forget!"
"You can ski... but you can't hide."
"Was a drop kick really necessary?"
"Oh dear."
"When awaiting a response after making a witty facebook status..."
"When I see the UPS truck stop in front of my house."
"When I ask someone to watch a YouTube video I think is funny"
"Already 12 chapters behind on reading and found out it's going to be a 3 day weekend."
"This is a repost and it gets me everytime."
"The most majestic of all gifs. Ron Fucking Swanson."
"How I feel when a girl says yes. (I'm guessing.)"
"Gained like 10 whole up votes today... Borat knows dat feel"
"Reddit I present you with the baby koala"
"A friend of mine posted this on Facebook  i think it deserves more attention [six hours worth of stippling]"
"Round Ron"
"Now this is someone I would vote for!"
"JGL's dreams are made of this"
"The rebuttal to the Darwin Fish"
"Funky"
"Pimpin' ain't easy  but I make it look good"
"Just in case you're wondering  yes  this is a Burger King burger with 1050 strips of bacon eaten by a man named Mr. Sato."
"How I feel about most political discussions on reddit"
"Old Man Yells At Chair"
"I updated everyone's favorite GIF"
"Updated a favorite"
"Justice!"
"It is time party..."
"At least it left a note this time..."
"Alan please make the UI"
"Been running a fever all day  the nighttime cough meds are starting to kick in  this is how I feel"
"Feetz"
"Damn  that photo I was planning would have got me so much Karma"
"Just a dog running"
"I'm on the beeeaaaauuurrrgghh!!! (derpface)"
"Don't let the spelling errors take away from the message. (From Libya Alhurra TV's FB)"
"Your tastebuds will thank you (taken with no remorse via gizmodo)"
"Saw this on Doritos Facebook Page"
"Mr. Flamingo  are you drunk?"
"Don't Bother!"
"&quot;Herschel  life is not fun. Life is serious. Seltzer is for drinking  not for spraying. Pie is for noshing  not for throwing.&quot;"
"Nutellagasim"
"British Music"
"Sleepy Sloth"
"Beep-Boop-Boop-Bop"
"TIL chicken heads don't move."
"For reasons unexplained  every single person in the world is born with a large gaping hole in the center of their chest. What do you fill yours with?"
"Took me a minute to figure out the name of this magazine"
"Around the world done right"
"Meanwhile  in Canada (x-post from r/hockey)"
"Instant regret."
"My new favorite GIF (NSFW?)"
"I'm just gonna put these right here.."
"Oppum"
"Gandalf Style"
"Gandalf Style"
"Good Family Pet"
"Is this how I gain karma?"
"It's my Reddit birthday and I don't give a fuck"
"ERMAGERD FERLL"
"ERMAHGERD PERMPKERN SPERCE LAHTTER"
"How i feel after i just aced a test"
"She seized the opportunity"
"Remember this .GIF? It gets better..."
"What is this from? See it all the time on Tumblr and need to know."
"My god I love this!"
"Those ears!"
"My cousin posted this picture of his cat on Facebook. I have no idea what's going on here."
"Social Awkward Penguin goes in for a snack [x-post r/gifs]"
"The Simpsons. Knows where women should be..."
"The perfect baby shower gift."
"Please help us raise awareness."
"What I think of every time someone types &quot;lol&quot; in all uppercase"
"Damn cat..."
"The never-ending train"
"Absolutely egregious! I think..."
"Grammar nazis...."
"So THAT'S where it's all coming from!"
"ZOMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Dat ass"
"When a girl I like says one of my favorite songs is bad"
"My reaction to MC Hammer coming out with a search engine"
"When Colbert does the same subject Stewart just did"
"Hahaha wow reddit. That Chick-Fil-A pictures is one of the biggest  most stupid generalizations I have ever seen.. How about this  this is a picture of every atheist. Why are you bitching about doing community service when yall never get out of the house?"
"When you see a Facebook fight on the horizon"
"My reaction before opening an email with 'Car Break-In; Neighbors Pummel Thief' in the subject line"
"Seeing that I only had an hour left to attempt to harvest Karma for my cakeday  I turned to Google to find out how. Here is the result."
"I am. Are you?"
"Faces (x-post from /r/woahdude)"
"My friend Mike Dubisch did this interpretation of Spongebob. Awesome painting!"
"It's my first cake day and I have nothing to post...this is how I feel."
"How I felt posting on my cakeday last year"
"Every time I try to reach the front page"
"Every Valentine's day.."
"Target Knows What We Need."
"me when asked to &quot;say cheese&quot;"
"Say what? [x-post from /r/lolcats]"
"Ruff Water Ryder's Anthem"
"Hardass bulldog"
"Psychedelic room"
"Meet Isaiah Stokes  he plays football. He is 6-foot-7  225lb and he is in the 8th grade."
"sad but true."
"America...fuck yeah!"
"It's probably not worth complaining about."
"It pains me how much I relate to this..."
"The world of breakfast"
"The Safety Dance"
"teach me to dougie"
"Now that I'm Married.."
"Tree that grew through and around a wagon wheel"
"What I imagine will happen every time I resort to Supercuts"
"How I feel during video games when I realize finals are coming up."
"There's a glitch in the Cat-Matrix."
"Black Midget Hitler"
"when i saw the comments in the halloween costume thread"
"When you realize your post is near the front page"
"Oppa Gotham Style!"
"Storm"
"wtf just happened?"
"We got zeros coming in hot"
"Shake Weight"
"My first day off work today  and i feel like this phrase is going to come out from my boss"
"Super cute gif. of cat"
"When my Mom told my new girlfriend how much she loved my ex !!"
"Every time I get a chuckle from this."
"When one of my roommates told me he still uses Internet Explorer"
"So I was watching Fox News...(seems legit)"
"Hey Austrailia  here's the latest pic from New York"
"Wow I had no idea it was this bad in New York"
"I had no idea it was this bad in New York"
"So my friend carved a pumpkin..."
"One dog dressed as two dogs carrying a present."
"Find a better dressed up dog. You can't."
"The humans are dead (affirmative  I poked one  it was dead)"
"Obama Riding a Mighty Lion Wielding a Crossbow &amp; Light Saber"
"Haters Gon--Ah Fuck"
"Star Wars by Disney"
"A shot of the cast of Star Wars Episode VII"
"Billy Jean Cat"
"kitty creep"
"Well its on now salsa chihuahua!!!"
"Cats are kinda like chickens"
"Difficulty Level: Asian"
"I'll just go on reddit for a minute..."
"Bombs away!"
"Does the text on the bottom remind anyone else of &quot;achievement unlocked&quot;?"
"A tribute to Felix Baumgartner - Suck it Bolt  who's the fastest human now?!"
"Cos I'm free ..."
"Believe!"
"when i decide to tell the person i love how i feel"
"Logging into Facebook nowadays"
"Your first time visiting r/spacedicks"
"Cracked iPhone problem solved"
"My first few minutes on 4chan."
"I mistyped an Imgur link and this appeared"
"Fuck it  I'm out"
"A Little Miscalculation"
"A flying cat......"
"whenever i try to post something i think is funny"
"happens all the time"
"Hate that."
"Easily the funniest chain of replies I've seen on Facebook."
"David Hasselhawk."
"Number one contender for the best .gif of all time."
"New favorite GIF."
"Having spent exactly one year on reddit."
"Congratulations  reddit. You've officially broke me down."
"How I felt when I saw I missed my cake day"
"How I feel as an atheist on /r/ImGoingToHellForThis"
"Photobomb level: heifer"
"Paul Dirac would be proud."
"My brother came to visit me over the weekend. He asked me if I wanted him to bring the N64."
"Anyone know where this is from?"
"Take care  kid"
"When my little cousin saw someone with a snapback and said  &quot;swagfag.&quot;"
"The ever happy colorectal surgeon"
"Why I will never make the front page with OC"
"Move over Mary Jane..."
"Zero Fucks Given"
"STOP RESISTING!"
"Ever wonder how forest fires get started?"
"Exactly my reaction when I read the comments of the &quot;... Women of Reddit what are some things you are sure all women do or have done?&quot; thread"
"87 people died... (fb)"
"Thanks  mom."
"They hatin'"
"do the barrel roll pup."
"So true"
"Calvin and Hobbes  26 years later"
"I just realized its my cake day  and I didn't karma whore at all. My reaction"
"My reaction when Dignitas got stomped by TSM."
"Want to see a baby panda push a dog in a stroller?"
"As someone who already voted  HIFW commercials continuously tell you to vote"
"Recent Reddit meetup"
"He was just taking advantage of the free refills"
"Damn birds."
"Googled &quot;I was not disappointed&quot; and needless to say"
"I don't usually like to get too political but Seth Rogan makes a good point here"
"For the DNC"
"My face browsing r/new"
"&quot;HUH?&quot;"
"Guess What?"
"could watch this all day"
"Cat Pong"
":D"
"Bliss  in its purest form."
"How I feel when I find pizza in the fridge the next morning.."
"Sheer Bliss"
"When I discovered that there is an r/OliviaWilde"
"What PBS's Budget is going to"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Batman"
"Seems about right"
"my face when i come home from work and see my post on front page..."
"YES!"
"My reaction when my mom used to tell me that chicken and dumplins were for dinner."
"My Neck My Back"
"Working at McDonald's  this is me at the end of an eight-hour shift."
"Seducing my girlfriend"
"Honestly  I have no idea what the fuck is going on..."
"I believe this belongs here..."
"Every single April Fool's Joke"
"When I get bitched at on Facebook"
"I really don't."
"This is EXACTLY what DiGiorno intended."
"Learn to play guitar"
"Guitar Lessons"
"Darth Bad Ass [x-post from pics]"
"Can you guess what McDonalds Menu item this is? Hint: It is not Strawberry Ice Cream."
"Somebody took this picture; and that somebody has big balls"
"This is what I want to do when someone gets shotgun before me"
"No ticket?"
"Every time I watch the ending of &quot;Lord of the Rings: Return of the King&quot;"
"My friend's cat went to the vet"
"Just a few kittens"
"When one of my comments gets 7 karma"
"This has gone too far."
"I'm getting very annoyed by these kinds of posts on my facebook news feed  but this one is very desperate."
"Facebook..."
"I don't want my grandma to die! I love Facebook now days."
"Ditto Conga"
"Does this work?"
"Leaving work on Fridays. Can you relate?"
"Browsing r/all  and came across r/niggers. As a half black redditor..."
"When I'm running late to class.."
"Fuzzy kitten."
"Ah yes... Happy birthday  Bob Ross. May you rest in peace."
"View from International Space Station"
"drifting weightless."
"My all time favorite gif."
"My Spanish Grandma tried to make a traditional Spanish meal for us  this is how it turned out."
"My Favorite Gif...Outta Effin' Nowhere"
"That's totally how it went down"
"sadly it could't touch itself"
"Every time I come to this subreddit"
"Where To Begin..."
"Scumbag lab"
"Ta-da!"
"Definition of win"
"How I feel being the first one to hand in a test"
"They don't."
"Poor Dr. Hedgehog"
"It just seems to fit so well... and at the same time it doesn't"
"All I want is a heart..."
"I beat somebody in a duel on Borederlands 2"
"Dafuq?"
"Om nom nom"
"What happens in clubs these days"
"All ages clubs are downright stupid [somewhat NSFW]"
"I am speechless for a title"
"DAD SAID NO COMPANY"
"Meet the newest"
"It is a Motherfucking Wasp"
"Nice &quot;where you game&quot; shot. I see you and raise."
"This seems reasonable here. (x-post from r/funny)"
"This is what nightmares are made of."
"Are you my mommy?"
"Baby giraffe"
"Baby giraffe!!!!!"
"Tennant Sonata"
"When I realized my friends went to The Dark Knight Rises without me"
"How I imagined Kurt after Wolfie Disappeared"
"MFW watching the news in Greece"
"How I imagine republicans feel of reddit"
"Steam looking acquire Valve  says insider - FORBES"
"Proudest moment of David's life"
"Kitten Force Field"
"Force field"
"this gets me everytime"
"My friend won $42 000 on a radio show this morning  I bet this is how he feels..."
"Overly attached sports car"
"Oh physicists."
"what a weiner"
"Oh Wal-Mart  you make me smile."
"woops! - Imgur"
"Pretty much every time I'm in a sauna."
"An old picture of Santorum. Yeah  baby!"
"Found this on FB.. Why flies want to always be inside"
"My favorite optical illusion"
"Terrible quality  but awwwww"
"Bro  do you even thrift?"
"Dinners Ready"
"When I'm channel surfing and stumble on the Spanish channel. [Fixed]"
"So....this happened in Kuwait a few days ago."
"Killa bees"
"Can you see it ?"
"Doggy camo"
"What happened?"
"Am I doing this right?"
"I'd hate to be this kid"
"GOODNIGHT!"
"Going to sleep like a boss"
"fuck it  I'm going to bed"
"That's one clever dog"
"How I feel after realizing Michael Phelps and I are the same age."
"Paper is due in one hour."
"Float Like A Butterfly"
"Bones actually are bigger  and are horribly deformed by the stress."
"Insulted by a sweater"
"Not So Happily Ever After - &quot;Fallen Princesses&quot; (x-post from /r/movies)"
"It doesn't take a genius"
"Samsung's aggressive new ad against the iPhone 5: &quot;It doesn't take a genius&quot;"
"Frisch's Big Boy should make an XL."
"Great Touchdown Dance"
"Patrick plays Slender."
"Wassup mang? Gif sound mashup"
"Fuck you if you bring this to the movie theater."
"Walking out of a movie theater"
"Me after first 2 hours of school:"
"Got uncharted 3  played till it was over  looked outside and this happened."
"How I feel seeing so many reposts on the front page today"
"My reaction to how much support the contraception bill in Arizona is having right now."
"After 2 months of unemployment  I got a job  and this was me after the first day without Reddit"
"After one night on reddit..."
"How I feel having my internet back after it was down for the past three days."
"&quot;Get it away from me!&quot;"
"My friend just got accepted into Harvard! Here's the letter:"
"What sorcery is this?"
"BREAKING: Jordan's response to Lebron comparisons after Dallas wins the championship"
"After I read the book of Mormon"
"When a non-engineer tries to explain something technical to me as if they know what they're talking about"
"Shadow Art"
"For your wallpaper pleasure."
"&quot;I contend that we are both atheists...&quot;"
"Assassin’s Creed Jacket"
"you are not the father"
"ultimate football troll [fixed]"
"That'll stop him from asking for candy in the supermarket..."
"Cat uses &quot;traumatize&quot;. It is super effective."
"How I feel after telling a joke that no one gets."
"How I Feel When All My Reddit Links Are Purple"
"Whenever someone says your instead of you're"
"ah..the greens."
"Smile!"
"Only in muuurica"
"Where Religion Leads us."
"The only game I would play with my enemies"
"Cats on a slide"
"Brothers are such a pain in the ass..."
"I found a picture of a Redditor in the morning  getting ready for work."
"Every Monday morning"
"This picture is beyond words"
"This picture is beyond words"
"This is slothzilla"
"He's everywhere"
"Alcohol under a microscope"
"How could we have been so wrong."
"Colin Mochrie demonstrates how to correctly dance to dubstep"
"Colin Mochrie Style!"
"What happens when I try to do the Gangam style dance"
"My reaction when I reached the 1000 karma mile stone today"
"My first gif! (Fascinating.)"
"FOR NARNIAAAAAAAAAAAWW."
"King of the internet"
"Is that a yes? (x-post from r/funny)"
"Chocolate-from-Every-Orifice Man"
"The perfect mix of hilarious and disturbing."
"Googled 'merica wasn't dissapointed"
"The worse thing to bring to a gunfight"
"This was Hilarious but Long"
"Long exposure fireworks with refocusing (xpost from r/exposureporn)"
"Sunken boat in Antarctica"
"Awww yeah  that's the stuff right there."
"[x post] Awwww yeaah  that's the stuff."
"Too many puns for my brain to process at once"
"He's gonna be delicious."
"This cat is NOT pleased"
"Personal space"
"When your friend curses at their parent and your in the same room..."
"My reaction when I saw numerical evidence of period doubling in simulations of my model."
"How if feels having two of my posts on the front page at once."
"Spidey auditions for the Avengers"
"Why Spiderman didn’t make it into The Avengers"
"It's that horrifying moment..."
"Me browsing Reddit after midnight"
"Whenever I think one of my posts is about to catch on"
"Take that Bible!"
"CSI Logic"
"How I feel when I see a bad pun thread on Reddit."
"My face when Ke$ha come on the radio"
"Whenever I hear a song that I thought was awesome when I was in middle school..."
"My reaction to seeing an old high school crush 2 years later after she has gained 30 pounds."
"mfw my english partner wants to do a report on prejudice towards christians"
"Found this buried in my computer  no idea why"
"Justin Bateman throws a taco into Mexican Harry Potter's mouth."
"I think it should count"
"FOX NEWS FAILS US GEOGRAPHY"
"Fox News: MOALMS."
"$126 billion in net worth in one photo"
"Bunny loves beer! She'll follow the beer around the room hoping to get a couple drops"
"The second cutest alcoholic ever"
"Wake me up?"
"how i feel when my boss asks me to work on saturday"
"This is how I feel when I'm studying for a frustrating subject"
"Do I hears somethings?"
"yo dawg  i heard you like cats. so we put a cat in your cat so you can pet your cat while you pet your cat"
"Owls are intense."
"Aren't owls Adorable!?"
"Saw this on my facebook feed. Will never look at owls the same."
"MFW my friend passes me in karma."
"My 8 year old daughter's unexpected response to a writing assignment about being female..."
"What a nice prisoner"
"Sometimes Facebook is worth looking at  sometimes."
"How I saw my Pokemon battles as a kid"
"The reason I don't look at my reflection in mirrors"
"Whenever I see another fat guy with a hot girlfriend."
"When a customer brings their own bag to my supermarket."
"When I'm watching a post to see if it gets upvotes and I get one in the first 10 seconds."
"FUCK THE POLICE."
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"(x-post from r/pics) F the Police"
"Level level: level."
"Playing golf with my coworkers"
"This is so WTF  I can't describe it in words"
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Hipster Jesus"
"Tried karma-whoring for my cakeday. Got this in response... (Fair enough)"
"Oh yea. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Found this on the bulletin board in my dorm. 10/10 would lol again."
"Holy mother of god"
"he's a silent guardian  a watchful protector  a Dark Knight."
"The offspring of Mr. Wayne and Mrs. Kyle"
"Giant eyeball found on beach  posing mystery for marine biologists"
"Tactical Rolling Panda (GIF)"
"Chocolate"
"My girlfriend really amazes me with her art."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art... [FIXED]"
"My girlfriend painted this amazing self portrait. What do you think?"
"Hey  check out my girlfriend's new painting. She says it's not that great  but I think she has talent (please be supportive)!"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend painted this. How did she do? ;)"
"Wat."
"Found this on a friends FB... RIP Twinkie."
"4chan delivers"
"I'm a Hood Nigga! (Gif Song Matchup)"
"Hood Nigga (3:35)"
"This is what i hear"
"These are tricky bastards we're dealing with.."
"How I feel after some Cinnamon Toast Crunch"
"Bro hug"
"Give me a hug  human"
"I promise not to make you a slave...?"
"Oppa Psy-clops Style"
"Oppa X-men Style?"
"I think he underestimated a bit too much"
"I'm too sexy for my shirt"
"Karma's a biatch!"
"They Said I Would Never Walk Again"
"How I felt while watching the Jesus Camp documentary..."
"When I'm about to leave and my dads waiting outside my buddies place and he offers me one more hit."
"I accidentally hit the share button while on a porn site"
"Cloth that came with my new glasses."
"Bakery"
"'Merica"
"Let's petition Nintendo to make a HD 2D Zelda game like this..."
"Kitten donuts."
"Insert cock here"
"Insert penis here"
"great idea  or..."
"I know this is a repost but can anyone identify what breed of cat this is for me?"
"Ass Goblins"
"Mind. Blown."
"Best. Toy. Ever."
"Summer Fun"
"Another logo that blew my mind."
"Someone please explain what's going on here..."
"My new favorite face swap"
"wat"
"How i feel after submitting a comment"
"After the first vote on a link I've submitted is a downvote..."
"Horse of Pain"
"Best WBC counter-protest"
"I'll see your &quot;Facebook  are you ready to die?&quot; link and raise you a head."
"So I've been reading the &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; Series..."
"The things I do without Reddit."
"not a kinky girl"
"3 Times the Higher Education"
"What would the outcome be if the secret service was not there?"
"I like where this is going"
"Uncle Joe is looking for a ride!"
"Creepy Biden is Creepy giving Creepy Backrub"
"Awkward Level: Vice President"
"Whoa Ewok  just whoa"
"Given the new Disney and Star Wars episode 7  8 and 9  this image has never been more appropriate"
"Ever do this to someone in class?"
"One of the amazing  gruesome images captured by Paul Nicklen's up-close encounter with a leopard seal."
"Sorry to do this to you guys (GORE)"
"Wow you can fit 300 characters in here. Jeez  that's a lot. Hope you guys like this crowding up your newsfeed. Well  guess what? Too bad! You'll deal with it and like it. Sheep. Look at this waterfall. Jesus H christ  that's a good waterfall. But seriously  deal with it more. Because you can't. Out."
"Not liking Minecraft on Reddit"
"After winning the all Ireland championship  the members of the Dublin minors went out to celebrate. Only to find Daniel Radcliffe"
"This is gonna fuck up your day"
"Grammar Lesson of the Day!"
"Whenever somebody on Reddit spells something wrong."
"If you put Katy Perry's face on Paula Deen's head  it's still Paula Deen. (x-post r/WTF)"
"How I feel when my friend is getting more upvotes on a post than me"
"How I feel on r/new"
"How I feel knowing my toes aren't ugly"
"Balancing act"
"How I feel as a Redditor"
"Saw this on my FB wall. Oh god my sides"
"I have a presentation tomorrow but instead of finishing the powerpoint  I'm thinking of a good caption that goes with this gif... Help me reddit."
"Lol! Look at this gem i found!"
"I have an awesome moustache  your argument is invalid."
"One of my favorite photos so far from the White House's photostream"
"My asian friend sent me this"
"Chat Rooms."
"What do you want from me reddit?"
"DRAGON UPPERCUT"
"Easily my favorite gif ever."
"Waffle Waffle Waffle!!!"
"The NHL is a magical place"
"Easily my favorite gif ever."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"At least they got his popularity right."
"A baby otter ball"
"This is my wife every time I try and give her a high five"
"newest addition to the louvre"
"Found this picture  thought you guys might like it. I can't quite seem to make out the name on the right hand corner to find the source  but one of you probably can."
"Winner!"
"Veteran Soldier Remembering His Fallen Comrades"
"This is the best thing i have seen on the internet today."
"...choose wisely"
"Flipflops + glue"
"The manliest man of all time"
"This guy must have had like 8 pairs of testicles."
"Pretty much sums up Reddit."
"I believe I can touch the sky..."
"When nobody pays attention to my post"
"America!!!"
"I feel sorry for all the other AMAs today."
"Trick or Treat"
"Yaaaaayyy! Shit.....yaaaaaayyyy!"
"Oh bother..."
"The original pedobear. (forgive me if this is old)"
"suspicious flashlight"
"Crouching Hippo"
"Survival of the Fittest"
"Overly Attached Chicken"
"Once I realized that I missed my cake day"
"enough padding?"
"MORTAL KOMBAT!"
"This is the so-called taekwondo..."
"Pro Sparring"
"PROTECT MY BALLS"
"How I feel when the girl I like asks for dating advice. Every. Night."
"I Quit!"
"How I reacted when I realized I missed my cake day by one day"
"When I miss my cake day by 24 minutes..."
"Can't wait to say this again on Friday"
"When people post the same idea again i had earlier and get way more karma"
"How I feel as a sports fan in Kansas City."
"How I feel my last day of work before a long vacation."
"New favorite face swap"
"How does this happen?"
"in russia urinal pees at you"
"The girl I'm interested in is having a relationship meltdown on facebook."
"MFW the party above my apartment gets busted."
"So it goes."
"adorable baby cow"
"When I'm eating fastfood and my health freak friend decides to share their &quot;insider&quot; knowledge"
"Smashing!!!"
"I love this gif. It doesn't need a witty title  because it could have so many. Why don't you post your best in comments"
"Overhearing someone make fun of religion"
"When my buddy has my back in an argument"
"Thought this was a reddit-appropriate wtf"
"Superman meets Dr. Who."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"A real nigga haiku"
"This isn't quite the Pokemon I remember from my childhood."
"New Jersey Beaches  before and after Hurricane Sandy"
"A dance we should all know."
"BRING IT ON SANDY!"
"Subway's new ad [FIXED]"
"Well  are you ready? If you know what I mean..."
"I believe I can fly"
"My compliments"
"What I assume I look like exercising."
"I googled &quot;pissed off cat&quot;; found this monstrosity instead"
"How I imagine the lives of all cats owned by Redditors"
"Ladies and gents  meet Beluga the seal-pup"
"Can't tell if he's enjoying this or not. Happy Halloween everyone!"
"Saturday Night"
"What posting to reddit is really like"
"Helps scare the shit out of you."
"First I laughed  then I thought...."
"My happy place."
"To me this looks the Reddit alien is trying to eat his way out of a pile of Doritos"
"True Gangnam Style."
"Almost broke previous record of posts read in a day when..."
"Every time someone posts a sad cat story on reddit..."
"If she hasn't.....she will soon...."
"Me during no shave November"
"Ohh Gaben.."
"My response to all the costume posts."
"Finding out the girl you've been flirting with has a boyfriend."
"Hmmm...."
"ever wonder"
"Awesome trash can!"
"This man has it..."
"The Empire Strikes Back... all in One Glorious .gif"
"So  I made a gif of a (summarized) Star Wars V"
"THE THINGS THAT I SAW"
"My reaction when my download speed surpasses 1.00 M"
"Realizing I had missed my Cake Day"
"CALL 911 NOW!"
"Happy 61st Birthday Bill Fucking Murray!"
"Whenever my friends brag about having a bunch of games gifted to them."
"Reddit as a person with no life whatsoever I would just like to give you this...."
"Epic Mario fish tank"
"The Original King of Swag"
"Pup-ception"
"Ouch you're biting my nose!"
"Space Shuttle Endeavor ALMOST made it"
"Kids love it"
"When you are crossing the street and someone honks at you to hurry up."
"I found this .gif of a cow funny  and I hope you do too"
"When I piss off my brother."
"Can I be your friend?"
"&quot;Bleeaargaaghhhhhh NOM NOM NOM&quot; [x-post from gifs]"
"I got this  just give it to me slowly"
"Watching my friend argue with his wife when I'm invited over for dinner."
"Well  this is awkward..."
"My life with my cat..."
"Fuck the police"
"Kitten Heart cuteness. (may be a repost  but it was too adorable)"
"I think they like eachother"
"Kenny  the down syndrome tiger"
"I haven't the words for how happy this makes me."
"Is it humid today?"
"Play me off  Johnny"
"Award winner"
"Found this little hombre"
"KILL IT WITH FI- Oh. Nevermind"
"How I feel with all my posts on Reddit"
"How I feel when I expect a post to do well and I get no upvotes..."
"Rocket Post....and fail"
"How I feel when Friday night plans don't push through"
"Flower of carnage"
"Cat of the Nightswatch"
"Catnip \m/"
"dominic you rat!"
"Hello?"
"I always wondered what was going on in their heads..."
"Whenever I finish fapping..."
"A very kind Redditor bought me Reddit Gold."
"Wat."
"Wat."
"Seeing all these  &quot;Seeing all these petting charts&quot; posts..."
"Pokeball  go!"
"Gotta Catch Bush"
"My reaction when I read a reddit post that starts &quot;As a Christian...&quot;"
"Decided to take a trip on over to r/conspiracy..."
"Me  right after I sat down to watch the US Presidential debate."
"Everytime I venture to r/gore"
"trolling Jesus"
"Christopher Walken does not want."
"Animated pie chart showing the change in formats of music releases through 30 years."
"Soul sucker"
"Urgent memo from the planning department"
"If I won the lottery I'd buy this for my backyard. (x-post r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Amarr Orbital Bombardment"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"My first time visiting r/clopclop"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"I wish I could..."
"out smarting a genie"
"So that's where that came from!"
"Mind Blown?"
"True story Iphone5 maps."
"Michael Bay's latest abomination."
"So I just watched Prometheus..."
"How I feel after watching the season premier of American Horror Story (Minor Spoilers)"
"As a shy guy  looking at every female friend who dates D-Bags"
"How I feel explaining why I was late to my supervisor at the university library"
"When I'm fifteen minutes late to class"
"Reddit lately. [FIXED]"
"It's not just metric. The most retarded thing about American units."
"Apparently she ain't one"
"Great Halloween parenting"
"Classical Humor"
"Is there a third choice?"
"Tough one"
"Well $5 is tempting..."
"I figured if I was gonna raped in the butt either way I might as well do it after playing with monkeys and riding ferris wheels."
"I'm so torn..."
"Can't I just shoot myself in the face instead?"
"It was a hard choice"
"The Elements"
"Seth  is that you?"
"When I get upvoted..."
"Swagga like us"
"Mr. Rogers Swagger Dagger"
"Wink... &quot;BOING!&quot;"
";/"
"When I try to jack off in my hand but I get it everywhere instead..."
"Infomercial gifs"
"uh.. challenge accepted?"
"What I look like when I try to look intimidating"
"Gone wild..."
"I really wanna know where do you go."
"When I found out about Reddit Enhancement Suite plugin."
"How i feel after posting on reddit."
"Hey! I was wondering if anybody could help me out. I'm new to Redd-"
"After seeing all the recent elephant related posts....."
"whenever I run out of blue links"
"is WTF brave enough?"
"Cats are flexible"
"Cat Portal!"
"I've located a wormhole."
"Sexual Chocolate"
"Yes  I think I'll have a Brown 25 double espresso..."
"2 girls  1 cup of coffee"
"Let me help you out there buddy"
"Teamwork"
"Upvoting a comment with 0 points"
"Carlsberg"
"The intention was to create original content for my cake day. I am not good with technology..."
"Moves like Kuzco"
"How I feel when my song is on"
"Dwight gets it right."
"...if no one else can help  and if you can find them  maybe you can hire the B-Team"
"So... my roommate just sent me this."
"My self-image after 1 year of being unemployed"
"How I feel after opening most reedit posts"
"I'll take that trip to hell now  please."
"How I feel when I score a date."
"May not be the best match  but I think they go together rather nicely."
"Can't resist the beat"
"um...what's going on here?[WARNING: GORE]"
"Just Sofia Vergara Eating A Banana."
"Whenever I caught my friends smoking my kief stash without me."
"Plitvice Falls  Croatia"
"Flying Owl"
"Owl Mid-Flight"
"deceptive Danny Trejo"
"I love Danny Trejo."
"And then he said...."
"Made me chuckle [5]"
"Make Sure You Clean Up Your Bath Salts"
"What in the...?"
"Saw this on my facebook feed from a friend who works at a local restaurant."
"My friend wanted to make dinner"
"Wut."
"Best picture I have ever taken. I took this one from National Geographic."
"Girls with Glasses"
"Fuck yeah Captain America!"
"How Captain America keeps himself busy"
"I wish my horse could do that..."
"Weird?"
"Weird"
"Mila Kunis named Esquire’s sexiest woman alive"
"So I googled catfish pics... why am I not surprised?"
"I'm running out of ideas to get more karma then my wife... But I'm gonna keep trying ... Here is cat shark.."
"What do I think about tornadoes?"
"How I felt in Dallas today..."
"Dear Sandy  bring it on. Love  'Merica"
"How every single one of my black friends act on ecstasy."
"Magical Dream Time."
"When my favorite song comes on at a party"
"How I feel when my girlfriend wakes me up in the morning."
"Tank man: the bigger picture"
"My biggest point in any religious argument."
"How I feel right now about deciding to graduate college a semester early"
"How I feel right now about deciding to graduate college a semester early"
"That's some interesting news."
"Browsing a Mexican site..."
"He likes it"
"Hey Paul?"
"The original Forever Alone..."
"Tie?"
"and that kids is how I got an A on the next day's test"
"Not all signs are planted"
"Such a promising start"
"Best.Role.Model.Ever."
"Woman drags her dead cat across the beach  all for that karma."
"Oh hai ^.^"
"Just wondering on finding a job..."
"I'm actually curious about this now..."
"So Catholics..."
"Something from nothing."
"Anti virus"
"Dad  I'm mom. Found this on FB."
"No matter what's on my feet  I will nom"
"Sour Patch Kids"
"EVERY SINGLE TIME!"
"Not again!"
"What I want to do when i realize i lost an argument on the internet..."
"There ya go...."
"I guess I live in the &quot;Freaks&quot; region."
"That's a lot of freakin sugar!"
"Wehk"
"This happens way too often."
"My dressing logic.."
"How I feel trying to impress Reddit"
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"Google &quot;Average 9gag user&quot; This was the second result:"
"Fuck this guy..."
"My reaction when my roommate told me she just got more karma than me"
"When someone comes into my work five minutes until closing..."
"How I feel when a friend makes the front page"
"Beating Tetris"
"The truth about tetris"
"This will always be my favorite gif"
"It was a just a joke"
"My reaction to the doomba"
"My feelings after installing Windows 8 and having it crash thrice on the first day"
"Oh Prince Charles! You so crazy!"
"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
"Nom nom nom"
"Nom nom nom"
"Hella father"
"How to be hilarious. Step one: find a baby doll and disassemble it. Step two: Be this guy"
"Aww It's fatherly love.... wait.... NOPE!!!"
"I can feel it kicking!"
"Baby Belly"
"I was looking for a halloween costume.. How was THIS at ALL relevant..?"
"Meanwhile  at the Apple Store"
"I walked past the Apple store today"
"Anything Goes!"
"More reason to fear being responsible for children"
"The answer to your question"
"After 6 years  finally kissed my friendzoner"
"I need this in my life."
"It's my cakeday? It's my cakeday! ='D"
"A story about a gurl and a boi."
"plane of the galaxy"
"I think i'm gonna shop here more often  everything i need in one aisle"
"Party on Isle 15 much?"
"as someone who is neither atheist nor democratic on reddit when i see all the posts related to either this is what happens"
"The week before my period..."
"When I found out the &quot;z&quot; key downvotes"
"What Reddit does every time I post something"
"When I see a proposal/marriage/kids/home coming/other FB shit post"
"handstand pug piss"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Ink Birds"
"I Googled &quot;the worst mouth ever&quot;..."
"Hyperdontia (Supernumerary Teeth)"
"Mmm... Tacos..."
"I have no words."
"When I order food from a restaurant and mine arrives before my girlfriend's."
"YUpp"
"just tacos"
"Graphic images of Mexican Cartel having sexual intercourse / Dismembering bodies and feeding body parts to starving dogs"
"After reading the &quot;What's the worst thing you have ever done&quot; thread"
"A photo of my mother having sex."
"As A Christian Redditor  This Is How I Feel I Should Share My Religion."
"Let's bring r/WTF back to its roots"
"Ron Swanson: Doing everything we wish we could do at work."
"So I've been keeping track of how much I'm redditting by stopwatch"
"Until the day the phone dies  this will keep going."
"Jawfish incubating eggs. (Photo by Steven Kovacs)"
"A true American hero"
"Don't worry buddy we've all been there before"
"How to fit an elephant into a safeway bag"
"The secret test to get into heaven"
"This will be me while I'm at camp for the next 2 weeks"
"The stuff of nightmares"
"PMS"
"If you're blue... (xpost from r/punny)"
"Guy brags about his bad driving and tweeted YOLO before dying:"
"A true hero"
"Found this on r/gifsound"
"Checkmate  atheists."
"Meet Julian. Sister picked him up yesterday!"
"The greatest face swap."
"Bloody brilliant design!"
"I don't think Facebook really gets memes"
"Don't Watch Scary Movies..."
"Nothing like a good pumpkin birthing"
"No  those are your lungs."
"Not giving a fuck"
"Walk the dinosaur"
"T-rex shoes"
"The key to a good education is a sharp mind..."
"Bedsheet cat"
"Spotted: fat cat of Wall St."
"Bitches love cats. Bitches love money."
"It's my cakeday. here's a cat rolling in money"
"Whore kitty."
"However Ryan is  YOU SUCK!!!"
"So I was going through &quot;Hoarde all the GIFs&quot; - can someone explain this one to me!?"
"Me  when I finally found a .gif that would make it to the front page!"
"Just some rural art"
"Just a little pinch"
"Today's WTF brought to you by /r/GGGGG. (X-Post)"
"Googled &quot;GGG&quot;. Not what I expected."
"Just a dragonfly taking a bath in the morning dew"
"A dragonfly in the morning dew."
"It's dangerous out there"
"C-c-c-combo breaker"
"Never cross Zazu."
"Two words. Bacon Fries"
"YOLO Is starting to be abused"
"What I wish my reaction was when I find two of my ex-girlfriends talk to each other about me. I just end up crying and looking at pictures of cats on the internet."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"These people are really crazy  WTF!"
"Is Batman Bruce Wayne or is it really Obama....."
"MFW my friends say Kony is the worst warlord ever"
"How I feel playing Assassin's Creed III"
"When I learned I got the highest grade in my math class."
"Hahaha"
"Every single morning"
"Everywhere I go... its eyes follow me"
"Captain Planet"
"Too Much 'MURICA In One Picture"
"Fast reflexes"
"Best steak I've ever had  warm and moist. (Wait for it)"
"After 1 year on Reddit  how I feel after any downvote"
"How I feel when my post gets views without upvotes."
"A hoot in a hat... For my Reddit Birthday."
"Just a baby hawk~"
"Some scenes were spiffed up after the studio increased the budget"
"This isn't a car."
"&quot;I'm driving the boat... You can tread in my wake...&quot; [1920x1080]"
"silly turtle  that strawberry's too big for you"
"My cute baby turtle:)"
"Did He Died?"
"I don't even know"
"Strawbs."
"I got hit on way more than slutty cat woman"
"new drug mascot?"
"Is Reddit having mixed feelings about this costume?"
"The Best Dog Costume I Have Ever Seen"
"This makes me smile =)"
"Just fucking bury me in it."
"We need more .gifs"
"NOPE! on cocaine."
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE!"
"COCAINE"
"Drool. Why would you want it...obvious."
"Someone downvoted my post?"
"About to get an abortion? Better update my twitter."
"everyone's face once reddit comes back online"
"I love 4chan gifs"
"For the forever alone"
"Fresh Prince of Hair"
"This is the best Halloween costume I've seen so far. Wow."
"I'll just go ahead and end all these costume picture posts by adding one that will never be topped."
"Kevin Smith just posted this. Nothing can top this costume."
"This just got far."
"She likes to sleep in the bowl.."
"She likes to sleep in the bowl.."
"As I clicked the final button to pay off my unsubsidized loans in one fell swoop  I couldn't help but feel like this is what was happening on the other end"
"I got nothing.."
"Didn't see that coming."
"Christian Logic"
"Autumn in Japan"
"Friend posted this to fb... good on her"
"I don't even know what's going on here"
"Getting a little funky..."
"Optical illusion"
"Leedle Mudkipz"
"Mudkip and Mario combine rather nicely into one somewhat amusing singular thing"
"Stay classy  Mudkip."
"The best part is when he yanks them out of his pockets  pulls the pins  and throws them at oncoming enemies"
"Gandalf knows how to party"
"BAD ROCK"
"What did you say about my pet rock?"
"Down Boy  Bad Rock!"
"Bad Rock!"
"Atheist group I follow posted this. It would have been a crime not to share"
"Every time I just want a little ketchup...."
"Stupid ketchup bottles"
"Toast shaped Air-Mattress with the best description ever!"
"You're too high!"
"What?"
"WWWWWWWEEEEEEEEE!!!"
"A real page-turner"
"This makes me uncomfortable."
"If only FaceBook meant what it sounds like..."
"Rainbow Tongue"
"One of my friends spelled sarcasm wrong and I instantly remembered this."
"The tables have turned..."
"Best head swap ever?"
"USA! USA! USA! USA!"
"How I feel drinking milk after eating spicy foods to stop the burning"
"This is a taxi made by and artist in Finland... [NSFW]"
"I'll see your fingering and penis shoe sculptures  and raise you a vagina bike. [NSFW]"
"How i feel when my comment gets more upvotes than the post."
"&quot;BUSTED&quot; the best outlet plate EVER!"
"I finally watched porn on my HDTV [Fixed]"
"This game was the shit when I was little."
"QWOP"
"I MOUNT MY PLATYPUS"
"This animal is a straight boss"
"Gay Mexican Muslim Bears [xpost from /r/wtf]"
"Dedication Through Ignorance"
"After deciding to skip my first class"
"The odd one out."
"Mean husky"
"Today's Morning Story..."
"How I know it's Monday..."
"Boop gotcha nose"
"Tap me on the shoulder or something"
"He's one of us now!"
"How I feel about my boyfriend and I breaking up..."
"This works too well for me not to share this."
"Cow Girl"
"Big Bear- Doin Thangs [800x796]"
"When I grow up  I want to drink beer just like my daddy!"
"A comic to give you something to think about."
"What the hell happened to these?!"
"Books 4 Lyfe"
"Nice pen"
"Shirt's fine  just don't call the prophet a name"
"Well played  psych exam..."
"When a friend tells me he doesn't pee in the shower..."
"Don't worry it's just a flying car"
"Studying hard."
"How to..."
"The opposite of a cock in a bitch (NSFW?)"
"HEY! COME HERE! LET ME SHOW YOU SOMETHING!"
"Dog wants some private timez"
"Rachael Ray finds inspiration..."
"Check out the thrust"
"Partaaaay!"
"Arms spread wide on the starboard bow!"
"Louis CK just hanging out"
"I must go  my people need me!"
"Some Hot Squid Action [NSFW]"
"Why?!"
"i'm not really sure"
"Touching tongues"
"True Sacrifice"
"As a current med student  i think &quot;F&quot; sounds about right"
"If you aren't a slacker  you have a psychological disorder?"
"med school insanity"
"Fuck you...Asshole."
"Slow motion cat leap"
"Took me 20 minutes but I finally made this on my windshield. Tell me what you think!"
"There are no breaks.."
"how i generally feel on reddit"
"This guy."
"This guy."
"Better cut the s**t Nancy"
"Oceans are scary."
"No man. I'm strapping the plane to the gun. The plane is an accessory."
"Like a bus"
"Like a Bus"
"At a [10]. Anyone else?"
"What is this I don't even..."
"LSD."
"I replace guns in film stills with NES Zappers."
"Imagine"
"You're Next!"
"I told my friend I made a reddit account he sent me this picture"
"Saw this on my FB feed. Right in my fucking childhood."
"Poor little guy"
"Dude ill bet you 100 bucks you'll neve....... fuck"
"I hear its good cooking"
"This makes my OCD tingle."
"Hold up..."
"homie dont play that s**t"
"sorry ladies"
"Changing room switch-a-roo"
"Iran must get their bombs from Acme"
"Show some love for baby otters?"
"Dear person who posted scripture to my last post."
"Every time I see a post reminding me to get off reddit go do what I'm supposed to be doing."
"Saw the picture of Mario characters on bikes. My buddies ride a little lower."
"Chihuahuas sure love salsa"
"Wait  you can't really train a dog to do that  right?"
"MFW I'm the only person left alive after a huge teamfight."
"It fits so well"
"Chihuahua Doing The Twist"
"When I don't know anone at a small party"
"Some of the classiest people in industry."
"I just keep starring at Mila and Olivia"
"Cursor Disco."
"Smart homeless man"
"Mario Taken"
"Prosthetics come in all shapes and sizes..."
"In a situation like this I ask..."
"Just thought this might do good here(first post in WTF)"
"I guess I'll just play video games..."
"My reaction after seeing the game demo video of Watch Dogs."
"seems legit"
"Seems legit"
"moo gusta"
"Medical Advice"
"This is amazing"
"I can't wait for the perfect moment to use this gif..."
"My cat has a unique pupil. The veterinarian has never seen anything like it."
"Cat rage faces"
"The Border Patrol and their puns"
"Canada on Colin Mochrie"
"Decided you guys would enjoy this"
"Columbus Day"
"Who would have guessed?"
"Love this guy on twitter!"
"How I looked at my friend when I found out from a comment that its my cake day"
"Sweet Dreams  kitty..."
"Tom Hardy being the hybrid of Sir and Boss"
"I think this is all I need to know before this years elections."
"How I feel when I run out of Soda"
"Fare thee well Great Leader"
"He didn't catch 'em all..."
"My kind of advertisement"
"Explaining the finer points of my major to my religious family"
"My childhood irrational fear"
"Sunset on Mars"
"at the local asian market"
"Cuteness overload"
"If you park like this fuck you."
"This couple stopped by my booth at PAX. It needs to become a family tradition."
"Basket of Karma"
"This is how Diablo 3 is making me feel"
"As the clock approaches midnight  this sums up my feelings about Sundays."
"I know this is old  but it makes me cry every time..."
"See Spot Flip"
"Sweden´s first stuffed lion"
"Disgusted Otter (X-post from Photoshopbattles)"
"My reaction after giving my first blowjob...(SFW)"
"I'm gonna do one..."
"I had no idea Kristen Stewart was on Spongebob..."
"Fishworld"
"Henry  you're tearing this family apart!"
"I LOVE COCAINE"
"Oh Henry  you really need to get some help"
"When I go to bed and already masturbated during the day."
"Why I hate public speaking"
"I see you've been reposting"
"Reddit  I'm going back to school...(pic)"
"Nice Backpack?"
"The car of your dreams."
"OPPA GANGNAM STYLE!"
"Woof"
"If you park like this.. i hate you."
"nice view of a launch on the cape"
"Meanwhile  in walmart..."
"Meanwhile at Walmart..."
"The cutest gif I've ever seen...ever."
"Too cute for just r/aww"
"Er'body was kung fu fighting"
"My reaction to half the people in my labs."
"So why'd he take off his shirt?"
"I work in a kitchen. I forgot to wear my work shoes last night."
"Awesome Evolution Chart"
"Geese know how to party."
"Jim Lahey is a real G."
"Friday coming home.[Fixed]"
"Nom"
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful."
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful"
"Review Was Helpful"
"So I went outside and found this under a dripping water spigot..."
"Realizing it's my cakeday at 11 pm"
"First time watching BME Pain Olympics"
"New friends?"
"Classic."
"Bitches got speed"
"and the winner is..."
"Why I'll never play sexy dice [fixed]"
"The one upvote I automatically get on my submissions..."
"Real life Supreme Verdict (x-post from r/pics)"
"I love this comic"
"Yeah?"
"X gifsound"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"Saw this gif and had to make this instantly."
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"Calvins process for writing papers"
"My girlfriend told me she started the grill &quot;all by herself&quot;. I imagine this was her reaction.."
"How i felt when my power turned on 5 minutes ago"
"A recap of Taken  for those of you on your way to see Taken 2"
"Mitt Romney's cow"
"Really Harry?"
"made my day"
"Isolated shower"
"So  I heard you like Toms."
"I just... Well... just..."
"Thought this belonged here [x-post from r/funny]"
"I searched &quot;Just kidding gif&quot;  this was the second result."
"That was a close one..."
"This made me laugh harder than it should have..."
"Not a single fuck was given"
"I don't live in America  but if I did  I know who I would vote for..."
"Quick  give this raccoon a harp!"
"Everest"
"The monster that is Mount Everest."
"DAFUQ!!"
"What I think of when I see Google's new glasses"
"Before Google..."
"Really!!!! WTF....... and FUC* this guy!"
"Who is this fucking douche bag"
"My reaction when I found out my hot co-worker posts to /gonewild"
"Well that's one way to get back at her..."
"Awww baby got some new socks."
"Just a sleeping Albino Koala.."
"I heard reddit likes it when you post these on your cake day"
"Yesterday  I got a message from an unidentified Redditor who claimed to know me in person. This is the image I sent back."
"Makes me want to eat ramen"
"Best Buddies."
"Awww Yeah! Tacos Bitches!!!"
"little girl moved by art"
"Made by a madman who enjoys the choking of children and slow adults."
"China's newest A-list celebrity"
"Awesome view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Well...same to you Mr Rogers"
"The apple doesn't fall far from the tree"
"Yes he believe"
"I believe I can fly"
"I'm an American."
"Sash Grey will give it a go - Sorry if this is a re-post"
"The people in Rio are going to be pissed."
"The restoration goes wrong nowadays"
"STOP!"
"This is a Stickup"
"Bill Cosby shaking his head"
"When I get an unexpected sandwich"
"When you see it"
"Took me awhile. Then longer to change underwear. Now I can't sleep."
"How I feel trying to downvote every repost I see"
"Ron Swanson's first job"
"A big pile of Buffalo Skulls circa 1870s"
"The next best thing."
"LIKE I GIVE A FUCK"
"Hong Kong skyline"
"Make these again!"
"OM NOM NOM"
"Oh Japan..."
"Why'd he put the glasses back on?"
"I typed in &quot;WTF&quot; into Google and was not disappointed."
"&quot;Leave here and don't come back  I never want to see you again&quot;"
"Beautiful"
"This beautiful picture from a beach in Indiana!"
"The Chicago Skyline from Indiana"
"It's you and me..."
"Nope nightmare"
"When I pass someone walking into the bathroom I just shit in..."
"Dinnertime for a Great Grey Owl. [1400x902] (repost from r/AnimalPorn)"
"Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  Pool Hustler"
"Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  Pool Hustler"
"Hairy Earnhardt fan."
"dave"
"A lake (1920x1200)"
"How do they do it in Britain"
"excmue me sir"
"Stephen Colbert."
"Why does this arouse me?"
"I hope I've found something here."
"The first time I up voted a link to 1000"
"how i feel when a post finally goes well"
"When the internet finally starts working again..."
"How I feel when a comment of mine gets 50 upvotes"
"QUACK!"
"When I gross my friends out with details about my sex life"
"All the ladies out there remember this."
"Let us travel back in time..."
"Good job Steve"
"It's just so.. BEAUTIFUL"
"Fuck this day!"
"I don't have a dog  but if I did  this would be it's Halloween costume."
"this is what a shaved black bear looks like."
"Realistic Popeye"
"Vicious Bear Attack"
"When baby bears attack"
"That's a very nice church poster you have there..."
"I think I'll call him Snuggles."
"Cutest Puppy in the World!"
"The most successful crime fighting team"
"Wolves"
"Hey guys  guess what?"
"How you know the world is ending"
"Risky business."
"Whenever you and your friends heard another friend get yelled at by his mom."
"Hope those aren't ass-less chaps..."
"100+ wallpapers I've collected in 3 years on Reddit. Enjoy. More albums in comments."
"Every minus.com gif"
"What I send people when they don't respond to a text."
"When I text all my friends asking what they are doing on Friday night  and getting no response."
"Well that makes me want to stop wakeboarding"
"Equal Height Party?"
"What I'm like when I'm relying on an upvote at 0 points."
"One of my favorites"
"How to pick up chicks (a detailed guide)"
"Found this pamphlet on the ground outside  could not stop laughing"
"Enjoyable."
"The Best Magic Eye Picture You'll See Before You Try To Figure It Out."
"Your girlfriend comes home  and you realize you didn't do the ONE thing you were supposed to [FIXED]"
"Not Impressed"
"Thought you guys would like my best friend's naked pussy."
"Dog brought his master a surprise home! (x-post from WTF)"
"Tip of the hat"
"My favorite gif"
"Punch."
"Hey guys  I'm new here."
"THEY SHOT HIM IN THE FUCKING HEAD."
"The New Avengers: Approved."
"Oh I get it!"
"What happens when I leave my 9 year old brother with Photoshop for 10 minutes.."
"A little camera shy"
"I've waited 365 days for this..."
"So creative"
"Saw this on my newsfeed... Cat doesn't seem happy"
"Gee  i don't know guys.."
"Truth or dare - TV court show style"
"Slumber Party Court"
"Gets me every time."
"Please advise. [x-post from r/pics]"
"I don't want to laugh."
"Meanwhile..."
"Relationship Issues... [FB]"
"Look at the baby"
"With all these duck pictures going around  I'd like to present a monkey with a toy duck!"
"Best gif ever"
"Tag you're it!"
"Tacos"
"Clever girl...."
"I.. I just can't look away..."
"Hulk Hogan"
"Googled &quot;dafuq.&quot; Yup."
"FB friend found this on a computer she used for school  it fits perfectly."
"Finally I have a job description."
"Seriously  WTF???"
"Come to me  my pretties!"
"Princess Madeleine of Sweden just realized she left the stove on. [X-Post from r/pics]"
"I fucking hate radicals. And I've had to deal with them a lot this week."
"Nooooo  not my ferrari!"
"Horse &quot;head&quot;lines front page of the New York Times"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"You're adopted!"
"How I feel after posting anything and not getting upvotes..."
"What i thought of when i saw this gif"
"When I logged in to see I was 5 hours late for Obama's AMA."
"How I feel when getting karma for puns"
"Whoa..."
"I miss trigger happy TV"
"Not sure if this is a repost  but I can't stop laughing at this."
"My neighbors took it pretty bad."
"After finishing a first play through of Journey with the same co-op partner."
"Cat Heaven"
"Up and ov-- Oof!"
"Trying to have sex with my girlfriend in the middle of the night..."
"It seemed like a good idea."
"Bet he won't do that again"
"I'm a panda"
"I LOVE cock sauce."
"Mama  I just killed a man. Put a gun against his head. Pulled my trigger  now he's dead..."
"Happy Birthday You Brilliant Man"
"Cool guys don't look at explosions."
"When I leave a party right before it gets busted"
"Pulled through the sound barrier..."
"Paranormal Activity 4"
"First time playing a PC game and its GW2"
"World's most accurate pie chart..."
"Today is scientist Niels Bohrs birthday  here is a picture of him discussing the quantum theory with Eisenstein"
"OH LAWD."
"Oh My."
"Downvoting an Already Failing Post"
"Cats vs Dogs"
"So I was staggering home.."
"How it feels seating on a cold toilet seat"
"I just had a job interview. This is how I feel now."
"Take this  racism."
"Pew pew."
"Nothing to worry about"
"Can someone explain this to me?"
"Never again  RIP."
"Well.."
"Tell this to my friends."
"Gangnam Style &gt; Swag"
"Couldn't have said it any better."
"My time has finally come!"
"You're fucking weird Jesus."
"tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Found at my wife's apartment community"
"Stunning Flower Farm"
"My favorite Office intro..."
"These always crack me up"
"Midget Faceslide"
"Wrestling Midget Face Slide"
"How I feel posting on Reddit..."
"This is my favorite wallpaper to date"
"Kate Upton Dancing [NSFW]"
"Space Shuttle Endeavour Seen Over Sacramento"
"I made you a mixtape [NSFW]"
"nothing to see here..."
"Getting ready for halloween"
"How I feel when I get more upvotes than downvotes."
"boom"
"Aliens..."
"I have found the holy shithole."
"I painted this on my girlfriend. You have 5 seconds to figure out what part of the body its painted on! ;)"
"Yer a wizard  Barry!"
"For the Randy Savage people"
"Looking over my Steam Friend's list"
"Everyone's watching the Debate"
"more important things to do"
"Homecoming rage"
"With a little help from my friends."
"But if it isn't  then why is there a need for the sign? ..."
"Best FPS ever. (NSFW)"
"Too soon?"
"When I can find my keys in the morning"
"Someone at work got a good pic of the Shuttle and sent it to the all company email. Here were some of the replies."
"Im rollin'  Im rollin'..."
"Fat Sonic"
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"Wut"
"MFW I try to leave this subreddit"
"EVERYTHING'S RED!"
"For $1 000 000 - What is the opposite of Go?"
"One of the Best Stories Ever!"
"One of the Best Porn Stories Ever! (SFW)"
"From: person who can't spell"
"Making a spelling mistake on reddit .."
"Just Arnold Schwarzenegger driving his new $250 000 Mercedes Unimog."
"Cool Spikes"
"Whenever I'm watching Christopher Hitchens in a debate"
"watching Masterchef  blind girl + sea urchin"
"Whenever someone posts a religious comment on Reddit"
"Just put a brand new Droid on eBay with the starting bid at $1.00...."
"How I feel watching the confrontation segment on the show &quot;Cheaters&quot;"
"Remember..."
"Fuck this shit!"
"Romney’s family misspell their last name in the greatest Freudian slip in history."
"Possibly the greatest Freudian slip in U.S. History."
"oh  mitt!"
"As a PC owner with Steam"
"What everybody is thinking.."
"Browsing through Reddit."
"I Feel I May Have Missed Something...[FIXED]"
"Every time I see a set of pictures/video with someone holding up signs"
"For real  reddit..."
"I can't tell if he's waving or trying to scratch.."
"First World Problems - Cat Edition"
"We're god to exist  his response to atheism would be as such."
"No  this is a Spoiler Alert!"
"Baby chimp feeding a baby tiger!"
"Belly swap"
"Curious bird  he kept following the camera whenever I tried to take a picture of a another bird. XD [OC] [720 x 960]"
"the hulks a lot cuter than i remembered"
"Ever want a vagina  but don't really want it to look all that convincing? Now you can! (nsfw)"
"What are reality tv shows coming to.."
"So so disappointed"
"These are grains of sand  magnified 250x. Amazing how these tiny worlds are under our feet and we have no idea."
"I wish I had a penis"
"When you hear the phone ring while on the toilet"
"When the doorbell rings and I'm in the bathroom."
"I'm mad"
"This is why spongebob is still around"
"LA Lakers General Manager"
"DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER"
"Spider-Dog!"
"This is how I've allways imagined the pokemon evolution."
"Superman! This is the best day of my life..."
"the second I open a new pack of gum at school"
"Party hard"
"Party Hard!"
"&quot;Wanna know how I got these scars?&quot;"
"The relationship between me and my bong"
"Is this &quot;Fair Use&quot; [xpost from r/pics and r/art] Not mine"
"It's National French Fry Day!"
"Yes  I can."
"Do you see what i see ?"
"Mutual dislike"
"That's the spirit..."
"&quot;Not really no&quot;"
"Free Falling"
"No  NO. Bad Facebook."
"I don't remember this episode of goof troop"
"ROOMMMAAANNNNN"
"Still one of my favorite pictures on the internet."
"The best of friends"
"And the WTF costume of the year just popped up on my fb feed."
"trash."
"Well  that would have come in handy..."
"Was walking along and came across this old gem..."
"Front page  here I come.."
"When my first trip into the Nether puts me in a fortress with two blaze spawners."
"My co-worker Ieesha"
"Sometime between Season 1 and Season 2"
"I had my first final today. This is pretty much how it went..."
"You know all those times you download/install something and click &quot;I Agree&quot; to the license info?"
"This just popped into my Facebook newsfeed. Tha fuck."
"What..the..poop? NSFW"
"Operation Gay Porn Bomb  more Anonymous vs. Westboro Baptist Church"
"HELLS YEA!! (x-post from r/funny)"
"How Canadian"
"A Very Early and Very Terrifying Christmas to you all."
"We need a new design!"
"Liberty Not Courage"
"REAL"
"Even the Statue of Liberty is overreacting"
"There's always swag in the banana stand"
"My reaction to a lot of posts on r/funny"
"When I look back at my failed reddit posts"
"A chip off the ol' Abe Simpson block."
"If you ever wanted to learn how to do CPR  here's a handy diagram"
"Capri Sun is important in CPR."
"Nightmare fuel"
"Creepiest fucking alpaca ever..."
"I was walking through the school library  when suddenly... - Imgur"
"Let me show you the steel of my people"
"How Reddit sees OP's"
"Game over man Game over"
"Starfox in real life"
"I whip my ears back 'n forth..."
"I WHIP MY EARS BACK AND FORTH!!!"
"Whenever someone asks me for gum"
"Hey  here's some Midol"
"That time of the month?"
"A redditors' worst nightmare or the cure to reddit addiction?"
"According to my calculations..."
"Genius."
"broke this move out at the club last night"
"Uh oh."
"Whenever I argue with a friend who knows way more on the subject than I do"
"Hipster Icecube"
"Classic repost but so AWW"
"How I felt during the exam I didn't study for."
"Total motivation."
"My kind of children's book (re-post)"
"What it feels like to receive that first downvote"
"LETTUCE!!!1!!!!1! [PIC]"
"Scary creatures of the sea."
"Saw this at an aquarium"
"The fuck am I looking at? [NSFW?]"
"Penis shaped anemone....."
"killing_floor.gif"
"Meanwhile  in West Viriginia..."
"McDonalds in Follansbee  WV this morning after the election. WTF?"
"Nathan Fillions Halloween costume is... Patriotic"
"Call the cops"
"Holding down power button [first]"
"This picture will melt your brain."
"Blew my miiiiind. [pic]"
"Explosm's randomness always brightens up my day"
"Rage."
"you don't need that shit"
"They see me rollin'..."
"How I felt when I got trolled into thinking I won the lottery."
"Every time I get a new programming assignment."
"How can you even function?!"
"Feel the beat!"
"This never ceases to make me laugh even when I'm down"
"Reddit on Karma"
"My friend re-posted me and it hit the front page  now this is what I think of his new found karma."
"How I felt listening to Jack White of the White Stripes and I.C.P. covering Mozart."
"What. The. Fuck."
"My friend asked me &quot;Who actually hates Nickleback?&quot;"
"When a girl asks me what my favorite position is"
"How I feel as a 26 year old going back to college."
"My thoughts when I visited Hawaii"
"And that  kids  is how sandwiches are born."
"What happens in the kitchen..."
"Pretty much sums up being a parent as well."
"Testing a bullet-proof vest - c.1923"
"Never forget."
"My favorite C&amp;H comic"
"Watched Paranormal Activity 3  and now trying to fall asleep. I can't."
"Happy Birthday you magnificent bastard."
"Why I don't play contact sports"
"Tonight I found out my best friend is an atheist. I felt like this."
"Why I downvote post that say &quot;my girlfriend....&quot;"
"Like the new username?"
"I live over 300 miles away and have never met or spoken to my brother's girlfriend. Sent her this on fb today. She immediately logged off."
"Gets me every time."
"Nod ya head..."
"A subject they both agree upon"
"Childhood nightmares"
"Neat Nature Fact: Elephants"
"I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear..."
"Awkward un-born fetus photo level undiscribable"
"D-I-V-O-R-C-E"
"well thats depressing"
"one of my favorite comics."
"Trolling Level: OVER 9000"
"Man down!"
"Funny Jack"
"Captured by the game"
"leedle leedle leedle leedle leedle"
"It's my Cake Day and I present to you my favorite GIF of all time."
"How I feel eating trail mix"
"The Worst Torture Imaginable"
"How to beat a dead horse. [FIXED]"
"So I got into an political discussion about the Sheriff's Department outside the RNC"
"Dear Atheists...."
"Eerie Fence Graffiti"
"How I feel when I make it to the frontpage of a small subreddit"
"The Lovecraft"
"Close Enough..."
"Repost. Sorry but this dog is fucking cute"
"skeptical cow does not believe you one bit"
"Wanna fight?"
"I look fabulous."
"The Anne Frank Time Travel Conspiracy (X-post from r/4chan)"
"Finally..."
"Get to know your family tree  in one of the best infographics I've ever seen (xpost /r dataisbeautiful)"
"Food Fight!"
"Coffee on the inside cone on the outside waffle cone coffee mug"
"No."
"My friend improved the new Robocop look a bit. Xpost from /r/movies."
"It's lying!"
"A Farmer Outside The Abandoned &quot;Wonderland&quot; Castle In Beijing"
"Imagine the conversation"
"Jay Z just posted this on FB"
"Oh Futurama"
"My only reaction to &quot;The Cabin in the Woods&quot;"
"&quot;Marissa Mayer  New Yahoo CEO  Is Pregnant ...&quot; via Mashable"
"Whenever I see the top comment and the replies"
"Okay. Now I'm never going to Australia."
"Count 'em."
"get out the way."
"Silly Japan."
"It's like a movie out there!"
"My favorite picture ever"
"Baby Polar Bear Learns to Glitch Hop"
"Ne?ko"
"Dear Diary...."
"Christmas Cat from r/funny"
"Best wingman"
"Stay classy  Tennessee."
"what is that? what is that! WHAT THE HECK IS THAT?!?"
"a pygmy marmoset  not your average aww"
"Dis finger is mine"
"Tension in the middle east leads to new airborne strike force"
"I only post on Reddit when I'm drunk"
"Anyone having trouble sleeping?"
"seems legit"
"Zach Galifianakis has a pot farm."
"I'll settle for a fist bump"
"This always makes me laugh"
"Oh  Jackie..."
"&quot;Mathematics is the language of nature.&quot; - Pi (1998)"
"When my submission has over 1000 karma  and I don't."
"Organic?"
"Always go organic!"
"Serves her right"
"How to fix a boring sweater."
"I realize there was something similar submitted earlier  but my sister made this  in an even more awesome style"
"Im sorry to say the cast is not Emma Watson or Mila Kunis.."
"Close enough."
"The light beer is the supreme beer"
"I knew things were bad in Colorado  but not THIS bad..."
"Sounds like a real problem"
"The baddest motherfuckers..."
"Fuck this shit"
"What are you looking at?"
"Be back in 20  just gunna go walk my pet...pet fish that is"
"QWOP [gif]"
"Honey Boo Boo  rendered in trash &lt;FIXED&gt;"
"Me when I walk into the club"
"Say Cheese"
"Like I give a fuck.."
"And Then He Became a Doctor"
"Cant. Stop. Staring."
"Fruit and veggie Owl!"
"What a cute little human riding leopard you got there"
"good god man..."
"MFW I see a restaurant having an amazing deal"
"How I feel when I watch NBC coverage of the Olympics at a relative's house knowing I have BBC coverage at home."
"I forgot my cake day was today....."
"It's simple.."
"searching &quot;Reddit WtF&quot;"
"Circle of Life. I suppose."
"Age-old question: ANSWERED"
"I just wish some people would get the message..."
"Ladies and gents  I present the world's smallest penis"
"mmm yes  quite."
"So I decided to give 4chan a try last night .. this is how it went !!"
"Boy that escalated quickly..."
"Really?"
"This is just getting out of hand.... Found on my facebook feed"
"The many expressions of Kristen Stewart"
"Roger Federer on Switzerland"
"Gotta love Switzerland"
"Get out the way"
"Ruined Morning?"
"Oh rabbit  you so silly"
"Quite interesting combination"
"the world  according to Americans"
"What the British say  what the British mean  and what everyone else understands."
"I just don't know..."
"Baby Manatee"
"After I learned my friend's girlfriend discovered pinterest"
"&quot;met this little guy&quot;"
"nice to know they have a whole box of it.."
"My sibling and I once mom looks away..."
"Sometimes you just don't see it coming."
"Penguins"
"Me when I finish my last final."
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"MFW I accidentally opened Cityville on Facebook today..."
"New to reddit  found out what nsfw means the hard way"
"Every time I type an address into Family Watchdog"
"Hope for This Generation RESTORED!"
"Photobombed by Sarah Jessica Parker... she's the one on the left."
"Sarah Jessica Parker and her best friend circa 1998."
"I hope I never ever catch a hatchetfish."
"The things that work together.."
"The real first Thanksgiving"
"dammit bobby"
"Unfortunate Camera Angle"
"first try on imgur roulette(possibly NSFW)"
"Oh  Batman..."
"I was just informed I missed my &quot;cake day.&quot;"
"Movie Night"
"I laughed at this way to much."
"You know it's real when you see someone with this face..."
"I could watch these doggies run for hours."
"Back to school"
"The only way I MAY actually watch soccer"
"KEEP OUT"
"Asian Boy dancing to K-Pop"
"Good morning from Kuwait..its 7 am and we've a beautiful sandstorm"
"At the Smurfs Premiere. (x-post from r/celebs)"
"A better love story than Twilight.."
"I have no words  but it made me LOL  so."
"Here's those sandals no one asked for..."
"My college living room on Sunday morning"
"Momma cat"
"Moving Day"
"Macbook Pro: Thrift version"
"Searched for Kate Upton  got this."
"Mmmm... Delicious."
"Why....WHY?"
"A trombone playing president showed up on my newsfeed."
"What were they thinking?"
"Googled picture worth a thousand words."
"I don't think I really want to keep going with the &quot;random imgur&quot; thing. Things are getting kinda dark..."
"Abortion (SFW)"
"For the last bit of my cake day  I present to you how I feel after moving all day."
"Michele Bachmann"
"So i will just leave this right here... *backs away slowly*"
"Found on the island of Majorca..."
"Parenting just got a little more awesome"
"How I feel after reading the newest Higgs boson article"
"Mark Twain in Nikola Tesla's lab"
"That mad scramble to find a good .gif to whore karma for your cakeday."
"Watching porn when the girlfriend comes home"
"Found out tonight my gf signed up on Reddit to look at what I do on here..."
"justin biber"
"Hidden beach on Marieta Islands  off the coast of Puerto Vallarta  Mexico."
"HIFW we only have skim milk in the morning."
"How I feel when Reddits front page stays the same"
"Totally Busted"
"Well there's no point hiding it now..."
"How I'd Like to Die"
"Paula Deen's face on Katy Perry's head?"
"One of MY favorite faceswaps"
"How I react when my post is getting downvoted into oblivion"
"Typical Female"
"Where the White Man went wrong"
"I sense a faint smell of danger"
"Photobomb: Level giraffe"
"How I imagine most redditors feel when someone comments &quot;repost&quot;"
"Everyday things that make you go WTF"
"No they didn't (x-post r/4chan)"
"JOIN THE RESISTANCE!"
"When you want to make things a bit more akward"
"C-Men"
"...And I'm gonna squint at every thumbnail."
"I'm America's reckoning."
"Limbo meets Portal"
"face_palm."
"Wut"
"I can't tell if this is a troll or just more stupidity on facebook"
"Dangers of Poison Ivy"
"Thought my son might have poison ivy. Came across this pic of poison oak."
"What? Why?"
"Fuck Yeah"
"Clever this youtube comment is."
"Best friends forever (x-post from r/animalporn)"
"How I feel when I see a NSFW link..."
"Being a Canadian and having nothing to do with the American election  this is how i feel knowing Obama won."
"TACO CAT is a palindrome"
"I believe Hitler said the same thing  Zynga..."
"Sidewalk ends"
"Makes me cry everytim"
"Thank you Oprah!"
"Damn You  Oprah!"
"BEES! [Fixed]"
"Bees"
"the bees"
"Young Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"Scientist's Are Cool"
"Derivury!"
"Satan's Venga Bus"
"I'm okay with Kansas losing to Kentucky because of this gif"
"78/M/Ghandi"
"Let me show you the dance of my people."
"Breaking the Ice"
"Need a hand?"
"I can always get those hugs I need now. (The new hugging Jacket)"
"Like the color green? How about holding hands? You are in luck!"
"Let me just grab my jacket"
"This made me giggle a little"
"This is what germans and russians thought about America"
"The MURICAN way to win wars!"
"Russian vs. German vs. American armies"
"Grumpy Cats take on &quot;My biggest fear when asked to hold a new born&quot; [FIXED]"
"&quot;I'm not playing this karma game anymore...&quot;"
"Dream Fireplace (xpost from r/IfIwonthelottery)"
"Saw this yesterday and laughed for hours."
"ewe  seriously  so gross"
"That Look Of Pure Terror"
"How i feel as a European right naow 'merica"
"come at me bro"
"Never fails to make me laugh:"
"Funniest gif I've ever seen"
"This dog dont take no shit"
"The tides have turned"
"When I close Reddit on accident and have to navigate all the way back to where I was..."
"High five man!"
"Any love for this gem on the PS2?"
"Truly incredible  I say."
"You are NOT the father!"
"How someone is going to make phat karma on December 19-21"
"Can't wait for new COD..."
"The Dark Knight Rises"
"The creative process"
"The Creative Process (COMIC)"
"GM logic"
"Dat photoshop."
"Peekaboo."
"Taming trucks is so stressful these days..."
"The strangest Christmas card I've ever seen..."
"I used to be a kid like you. [Cross posted from r/Skyrim]"
"Grandma that's not how chop sticks"
"Whoops  I made a scarf"
"Just Hitler playing the banjo"
"A Youtube User's Sex Life"
"Youtube Gold"
"How in the...I don't even.."
"Asturias [FIXED x2]"
"El Dorado"
"Strummin' like Dale"
"Can the Pick of Destiny be found in El Dorado?"
"Strummin'"
"When I get an upvote on a link I post"
"Wrong place at the wrong time? Guess it's all about perspective."
"Yoda with human Skin"
"And that's how you roll."
"Pancakes and Protein at 40 years old"
"Superhuman Pancake-Devouring Boulder"
"The Rock at his breakfast. That is all"
"This is why Spongebob is still one of my favorites"
"My all time favorite Spongebob quote"
"What it feels like when I'm about to comment on something only to find that someone wrote EXACTLY what I was going to say"
"I love this part from spongebob."
"The message is clear"
"Aaaahh-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta..."
"I am a deer... what am I doing here? (Hurricane Sandy)"
"What is the proper name for this baby wookie"
"Seriously  does anyone know what this is?"
"The Last Frat Party"
"The Last Frat Party"
"Wine Pong"
"And on the seventh day though shall play beer pong!"
"I don't know why I find this hilarious"
"Nic Cage as Voldemort"
"Sack Dance With Style Gangnam Style"
"Dragon Falls  Venezuela [1680x1050]"
"My little Mermaid"
"Dammit woman would you get off my back"
"I'm gonna make a great quesadi— OH MY GOD"
"Scream Pepper"
"Ash and Lightning Above an Icelandic Volcano"
"The second of two of the greatest back-to-back APOD's I've seen in recent history"
"Damn nature  you scary."
"so damn curious"
"His 10th Life..."
"Guy made remote control plane out of his dead cat."
"A guy turned his dead cat into a helicopter"
"So many wonders!"
"This is still the best thing on the internet."
"MEANWHILE IN CHERNOBYL"
"What you get when you combine NOPE and bongos... [X-post from r/spiders]"
"Spiderbro: Musical Edition"
"Not in my house!"
"GET THE FUCK OFF OUR FIELD!!!!"
"Duh duh dun dun dun dun"
"How I feel graduating college"
"Can't handle it man."
"Can't handle my party hard swagga."
"Cummingtonight."
"After &quot;hollyvvood&quot; posted his epic face swap  I figured I'd share my favorite one. (Not my picture)"
"That's a handsome baby  mister."
"My favorite face swap"
"[Fixed] New anti-depressant: reddit.com - This community has helped me through a lot... thanks everyone."
"Searched &quot;reddit&quot; in google search. was not suprised!"
"Cast away"
"One of my favorite types of sorcery...I mean illusions"
"Trippy Illusions"
"Look at the dot above.. [GIF]"
"U were srs"
"Giving upvotes to everyone who comments on my posts"
"I've been unemployed since january. First paycheck comes on thursday."
"I hit &quot;random&quot; on Imgur and this came up..."
"A picture of the smoke on 9/11 from space."
"DC Swingin'"
"Whatcha Got To Say  Mr. President?"
"Campus today (x-post from r/gifsound)"
"When she wants to break up..."
"When my girlfriend tries to dump me..."
"When you see it..."
"I went on a date tonight  me on the right."
"If I Ever Killed Anybody..."
"saw this in my fb news feed for all the military and vets out there"
"This.....is not and upvote"
"I'll enter a topic pleased  read the comments and leave my mark."
"Turn to page 72"
"Yes  I'm here for the Karma."
"Arsene Wenger... When you see it!"
"I need one for my dorm room"
"Why 30 Rock is hilarious."
"Like this kids ride?"
"He's doing it right"
"Moses's Skateboard"
"Angry Cloud"
"Freddy Rogers"
"but dont put it in water"
"So i heard it's international clown week."
"Haters Gonna Hate [Fixed]"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"graceful"
"Asshole"
"Why is the donkey in the well...AGAIN???"
"When a girl brushes her boob against my arm"
"Don't let r/conspiracy see this"
"Dart Throwing Robot"
"HIFW my teacher tells us to proof read our papers out loud in front of multiple different people"
"(X-post from HIFW) HIFW my teacher tells us to proof read our papers out loud in front of multiple different people"
"When I cut open a seedless watermelon and it has seeds"
"When someone tells me to do something right before closing"
"MFW I'm hungry and I read the directions on the food I want"
"And RedBull does it again. (xpost r/aviation)"
"Trying to post something from Reddit to Facebook when one of your friends is a Redditor."
"Anyone with a sibling can relate (gif)"
"Happy Cakeday!! NOT..."
"Iron Man Stained Glass Helmet (x-post from r/ThingsToMakeYouDrool)"
"Drop it."
"I guess sometimes you just gotta go."
"My friends dad is awesome!"
"Best house on the beach"
"Weee .. Wee wee ..Weeeaaaarrrhffhffff"
"Hit it [GIF]"
"Fuck this Post"
"Fuck this post!"
"My face whenever I see a &quot;My face when  How I look when  or a How I feel post"
"Repost gets more karma"
"When you finally earn the title of &quot;Best&quot; comment on an imgur post"
"omnomnomnom"
