"My brother when he found my reddit account."
"How I act when I see a &quot;How I feel when..&quot; post in /r/funny"
"Anatomy of a downvote"
"Included in the informational packet given to performing artists before a sporting event."
"how people tend to sing the national anthem at sporting events these days"
"Star Spangled Banner - Sporting Event Version"
"How to sing the national anthem at a sporting event."
"Star Spangled Banner - Sporting Event Edition"
"Star Spangled Banner: Sporting Event Version"
"Star Spangled Banner - Sporting Event Version"
"How the American national anthem is generally performed in public."
"As painfully slow as possible."
"How to sing the Star Spangled Banner"
"Joker's Boner"
"Ball skills. . ."
"and who says technology has to be boring?"
"Isn't it nice when things just...work?"
"Troll cat"
"Cat trolls another"
"Cat trolling Cat"
"Troll Cat"
"Misunderstanding"
"What a difference a few dollars makes in a lifetime [fixed]"
"my cousin's mutilated aborted baby looks like it's masturbating"
"the balls on this guy [FIXED] (nsfw)"
"Man cuts off his genitals and mutilates his penis. Picture of his private area after the attack. NSFL."
"Newest pictures from the set of Honey Boo Boo"
"I'm not saying this game show is rigged... OK  maybe I am."
"I tried my luck at imgur roulette  needless to say i wasn't disappointed."
"So close...."
"Bitch  I got this"
"Oh Sh!t"
"I feel like it would be difficult even for a person of normal size to do this."
"What happens when a bunch of Bronies meet up and take a group photo? I'll  give you a hint: it rhymes with &quot;hinge&quot;..."
"Oh Hey!"
"What ottearth are you looking at?"
"Custom made wedding bands with waveform of the couple’s own voices. ”I do”."
"Someone has adapted nicely to being FOREVER ALONE. [pic]"
"Self portrait - level expert (taken from engrish.com)"
"Forever alone."
"Ms Independent.."
"That' precious"
"Worst halloween costume"
"That's precious"
"Halloween parenting fail"
"1986 Cleveland thought it would be a good idea to block out the sun with millions of balloons [665x832]"
"Baby anteaters give good hugs."
"Katy Perry with a fan (fixxed)"
"J. Jonah Jameson's favorite brand of rice"
"Favorite Rice."
"Classic asshole"
"Parker..."
"AWWWW YEEEEAAHH"
"Favorite Brand of Rice?"
"Hey Parker  you know my favorite brand of rice?"
"Poor Peter Parker..."
"Uncle Ben's"
"Spiderman's least favorite brand of rice"
"Gets me every damn time!"
"Yep. That most definitely is going to leave a mark."
"Picture taken mid-flight  their faces sya it all"
"Fire Breath"
"I just purchased one"
"Do math!"
"When I'm pooping and the water back-splashes to hit my ass (NSFW)"
"oh hai"
"Meanwhile  in British politics..."
"Found this on R/WTF thought it belonged here."
"Elegant coin stacking"
"Hulk can't bear it anymore"
"This is what was going on up here in Canada"
"Blake just tweeted out this awesome conversation between him and Karl"
"The workaholics do sexting right"
"Workaholics texting"
"What I feel like every time I go to a job interview"
"I immediately regret this decision"
"Pushing your friend into the water  Level: 99"
"last one in is a rot...oh shit"
"Dat t[o]ngue"
"Motorcycle Parking: You're doing it right"
"Oh god... Stomach ache incoming."
"Says my girlfriend the night before I leave."
"why were you crying"
"Ernest Hemingway"
"Canadian attempt at &quot;Junk-In-Da-Truuunk&quot;..."
"I saw this beauty at West Edmonton mall. Only the classiest women in Edmonton!"
"OK  that's pretty clever."
"This is definitely an original post"
"Zebra Snake"
"This is why i don't ride public transportation"
"This is why i don't ride public transportation"
"This is why i don't ride public transportation"
"How to stop women from eating chocolate"
"Need to be sexy  just add Hershey's syrup."
"Need to be sexy  just add Hershey's syrup."
"Thug life has certainly changed."
"I surrender!"
"Self-defense mechanism. The Animal Kingdom is extraordinary."
"The Ultimate Fighting Style [gif]"
"The Ultimate Fighting Style [gif]"
"Does anyone else remember this game? This is still the most unique RTS I've ever played."
"Found this today at work..."
"When my wife asks if I think that girl is pretty."
"I insulted his mom!"
"TIL that this is my Spanish teacher's little brother and her dog"
"Keep messing with me bro"
"Bitch Slapped"
"Bitch Slapped"
"You did WHAT?!?"
"What I want to do to my friends who have been &quot;friendzoned.&quot;"
"He's not really sure how this works ..."
"Stay on target...stay on target!"
"What is going on here?"
"What not to do when scared by a gif"
"Perfect Reaction."
"When I am playing a scary video game and there's a popup"
"Overreact much? [xpost from /r/wtf]"
"Unexpected Reaction"
"How I feel when playing the scary maze game."
"Googled baby sloth. Was not disappointed"
"How my first post on reddit went..."
"Man  I wish I could do this to all the kid pics on my FB feed."
"Miss You Dog..."
"I actually &quot;cry every time&quot;."
"I've never laughed so hard at a Calvin and Hobbes parody before."
"Education System"
"Ta-da?"
"On the Anniversary of His Death"
"Crikey!"
"Very strict employer is a metalhead"
"Microsoft."
"How I feel whenever I accidentally click a link from /r/starcraft"
"My reaction to seeing a penis outside of porn"
"Most comments on a huge thread"
"After telling a girl I like her"
"When I make a mistake at work and no one knows it was me yet"
"Walked in on my mom and dad"
"How I feel having escaped my first reddit post unharmed..."
"I came in on my girlfriend's mom screaming at her about how she doesn't want me fucking her &quot;little girl.&quot;"
"My reaction to being spotted while in my TD"
"When my gf tells me she just talked with my ex.."
"When someone has already posted your awesome &quot;totally unknown&quot; TIL"
"As a Muslim being in the USA on 9/11."
"Just to stay on the safe side... NSFL"
"I think it's foul"
"For my 1st Cake Day  this is my favorite breed of dog. And it's perfect."
"I knew it..."
"Wth Reddit? Why'd you have to do that?"
"Apparently all I had to do was ask nicely. (After having failed about 10 times)"
"So this is how it all ends..."
"The joys of picking your own character name[FIXED]"
"This is the only productive thing I've done on my cake day."
"Moon and Venus Over Switzerland — by David Kaplan [4255x2830]"
"This is So Sad and Beautiful – Imaginary Friends [COMIC]"
"accidentally walking in on my parents went something like this..."
"Weirdest Eggplant"
"Not just any plant  but a.."
"Left in a Vegetative state"
"Not just any plant  but a.. [x-post from r/funny]"
"My high school English teacher's monkey tail beard."
"When ever someone asks me  &quot;What is Skyrim?&quot;"
"How it felt when a jerk cut me off this morning and had a Reddit sticker on their car."
"When you make an awesome joke on Reddit  and the first person to respond doesn't get it. And downvotes you. To zero."
"Nowadays when I pass by Chick Fil-A"
"His Dudeness... Duder... or El Duderino."
"How I feel every time I'm invited to a &quot;Destination wedding&quot;"
"How I felt when my coworker got back with her BF  who she said it was &quot;done because he hits me&quot;"
"When I see someone repost inside an hour  and still get upvotes."
"When I see someone repost inside the hour [FIXED]"
"When I see someone repost inside an hour  and still get upvotes. [repost]"
"Thuggin' Pigeons"
"How I feel going to Best Buy..."
"Hey Listen..."
"Hey  Listen..."
"That's enough internet for one day"
"I don't even"
"People these days..."
"Fuck it  i'm walking"
"Ever wondered what the rest of Diglett looks like?"
"Thats a funny looking worm..."
"This is my job."
"It's gonna be one of those days..."
"Yes  yes it is."
"Mwahahahahaha!"
"A whole new level of Saw"
"The reason i downvote public restrooms"
"Why?!?!"
"What happens when I submit things to Reddit"
"Why I always hated presenting during class..."
"repost .gif  being on Reddit this morning; if i was MW3  i'd feel like this..."
"When a christian tries to start an argument in r/atheism."
"JanSport fights back"
"YOU READ IT WRONG"
"HIFW I stutter through a story and the person I'm telling gets impatient"
"How it feels making a spelling error on Reddit"
"How it feels reposting a .gif that gets reposted a lot."
"Commenting a front page link."
"Whatever he was trying to do  I don't think he did it right."
"Suddenly  Backpacks."
"How I picture conservatives posting in /r/politics."
"How it feels to defend Christianity in r/atheism..."
"Expressing you'r own opinion in Reddit."
"How I feel trying to submit some OC"
"Our arrows will blot out the sun..."
"Autocorrect knows who its talking about"
"Lady  would you mind?"
"A female's worst nightmare turned into a prank"
"This is not funny. Period."
"baby elephant love"
"Best friends forever"
"Nomura  the world's largest jellyfish  next to a scuba diver."
"The worlds largest jellyfish."
"Always Look Both Ways"
"Completely Unconcerned [gif]"
"The elegance of nature"
"Here fishie fishie..."
"It just works."
"Who needs a cat anyway?"
"Just spinning."
"Who needs a cat? (X-post r/Funny)"
"World History with the Pope"
"World History With the Pope"
"World History with the Pope..."
"World History with the Pope"
"World history with pope"
"The Pope on Atheism."
"Best tattoo ever"
"I dare you to blink!"
"A response to a warning about culturally insensitive costumes at the school dance"
"The Shuttle silently stalks its prey"
"A normal picture with a not so normal background."
"Soon..."
"Now I'm one of those people who x-posts from r/aww..."
"pure innocence"
"Baby Fox"
"Firefox's add on"
"Smooth like a damn ostrich  you probably don't hear this saying a lot..."
"Not your average snowboarder.."
"I wish I could ski half as well as this ostrich does"
"Haters gonna hate"
"It does that better than me"
"Better Ostrich Dead"
"I dont really know what to say about this..."
"way better"
"This has to be the right subreddit for this"
"Wtf is going on up there Canada"
"Wtf is going up on there in Canada [x-post from /r Funny]"
"Treestars Bitch!"
"Whatcha eatin' Littlefoot?"
"I present my favorite image on this day of cake."
"Any Ents Remember This?"
"Littlefoot Bitches"
"Horse spinning a hoop"
"When a post makes it to the front page in less than an hour."
"We got new elevators at work."
"Rose? - Imgur"
"WHAT THE FUCK AM I READING?"
"Whenever the top comment completely explains the original post"
"How I feel as an X-Files nerd when Gillian Anderson makes the front page. (X-post from r/reactiongifs)"
"Human  Staph"
"Nom nom"
"Apparently this isn't normal?"
"Toilet Paper Roll Scenes..."
"Toilet paper art."
"Soccer Sniper"
"When I see something I haven't upvoted on the front page."
"Old Spice Guy with the Most Interesting Man in the World"
"The most interesting pair in the world."
"You will never be manly next to these two"
"CAUTION: Tobacco can kill you"
"Because tobacco will kill you motherfucker!"
"Cigarettes are bad for you."
"Vietnamese newborn's after exposure to agent orange"
"Door! WTF!"
"WHAT KIND OF SORCERY?"
"How I felt when the host of last night's party brought out two bottles of 151"
"My reaction when the plane I was on fell 30 feet"
"Pokemon bruise art. this is awesome!"
"fuck yo couch!!!!!"
"How I feel when my grandma tries to talk to me about her sex life...."
"How to deal with other peoples children."
"How to deal with other peoples children. (x-post from /gifs)"
"Seriously. If you're under 12. Don't smoke trees."
"When anyone refers to SWAG in their post."
"Seeing all the same gifs posted after that link of 700+ gifs"
"What I do when someone posts bad news"
"Couldn't stop laughing at this"
"Best Sandy damage pics combined into one album for easy viewing pleasure"
"Flooded NYC subway station."
"NYC/Jersey Sandy damage pics in one album"
"I know who I voted for!"
"Tori making snake burgers?"
"Kary Byron grinding a snake"
"Why I love America (also why I'm glad I'm not american)"
"...meant to do that"
"Boxed Christmas cats"
"How to store and organize cats"
"Package just arrived!"
"Got U A Prezzie!"
"If I fits I sits"
"I came from eBay"
"Here's your package sir."
"box cat  comes from a box."
"Reddit..i find this interesting. Personally i would rather have Pokemon be real...what would you rather have?"
"Neither please."
"Jack's dark chocolate"
"I see your ipad.."
"I have an iPad too!"
"Describes Reddit in a nutshell"
"Reddit Origins"
"The war was bloody brilliant"
"So I was looking at pictures of puppies and I found this derp of a puppy"
"Local convenience store was out of a lot of supplies but I did manage to pick up this"
"God is my Co-Pilot"
"God makes a great co-pilot"
"A Meme about Reposts?"
"How I feel as a Paramedic that works 24 hours in a row ..."
"Oh  you want Creationism taught in Public Schools?"
"When theists try illogically debating me  I resort to this."
"A trend I'm staring to notice"
"How I feel when guys talk about random boner syndrome"
"5 years on reddit. No regrets."
"Willy Wonka on Math. I'm not sure if it's a repost."
"Against hunting but still eat meat?"
"How I Feel Towards Young Women In The Online Dating Community"
"What I'm really thinking when debating Gay Marriage..."
"You liked a picture?"
"I am house sitting"
"Who was really responsible for 9/11"
"My friend posted this on Facebook."
"4chan is really slow."
"And thus he did"
"Go go Power Rangers!"
"Go Go Power Rangers! [improved]"
"the feeling of being home and pooping in your own toilet again"
"When I first got into Diablo 3 and heard the Tristram theme"
"Today the girl I like asked me if I used Reddit"
"My reaction to all these amazing summer /gonewild posts"
"Finding out it was my cake day right after midnight"
"iOS6"
"Damn!"
"Looks like her period just started..."
"Oh... that's a very cute asi- OH GOD WHAT  WTF?"
"Pretty Girl"
"What a wonderful transformation"
"Well then  didn't see that coming."
"The Land Before Time"
"Anyone down for some Wii?"
"wow. [nsfw]"
"It´s pizza time."
"LOL weird pizza"
"I found an XKCD that sums up everything Rick Santorum says"
"This is just scary"
"Kinda middle-era WTF  I guess"
"Keep on rolling..."
"Penis Vs. Brain (SFW)"
"It's so flawless."
"hipster - circa 1940"
"My teacher just said &quot;If you dont vote. Terrorist are going to come over and take your country away.&quot;"
"Partner breast costume"
"You're Welcome"
"Me either  Ellen."
"Jabba the ... monkey?"
"MJ Loved Smirnoff"
"Star Wars:CSI"
"For all of you Star Wars fans"
"Think of the activities you can do here."
"A truly beautiful place to live"
"A truly beautiful place to live (x-post r/frisson)"
"What the Fuck did I just read?"
"Da fuck did I just read?"
"Overly Attached Jesus"
"Overly Attached Jesus"
"Jesus has &quot;daddy issues&quot;"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend- Jesus Edition"
"Father of the year."
"how my post do on Reddit"
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe..."
"It's almost the Christmas season!"
"What do we want? Time Travel."
"What do we want? Time travel!"
"It's Irrelevant!"
"Being from Canada  this is what I think every time someone from a different country says they're getting snow....."
"Oh  you got some snowfall? Please..."
"nah your fine"
"Yea... Me too."
"All my friends are dead"
"How old are you?"
"Shattered dreams"
"My husband's friend had nothing better to do after finding this guy in his backyard........So he did this."
"Who would name their child that?"
"Must suck having a name like that..."
"How I felt when I missed easy karma points just by typing &quot;Tom Cruise&quot; by coming to the circlejerk late"
"And that's the truth!"
"Would you like a Jar Jar Binks?"
"Jabba does make a valid point."
"Jabba's views on religion"
"Atheist 0 Jabba 1"
"Christian friend shared this  thought is was hilarious."
"Some people have to deal with raccoons  some people.... not so much"
"Awesome library"
"Only in ireland!"
"How to ruin someone's day"
"I've been having some problems with a chick who is a complete stoner/bitch  so reddit I give you…my revenge"
"Is it just me  or is does this look like anything BUT a safe place?"
"Has anyone else noticed how creepy this sign is...."
"Dad to the rescue"
"Don't hit little kids with big fathers. (Xpost/gifs)"
"This dad gives this asshole what he deserves"
"Wanna see me give a f**k?"
"panda bear sushi."
"How can I ever eat these??"
"Mascot vs girl (animated gif)"
"So close..."
"Can't blame a guy for trying."
"It was worth a try..."
"Almost had it!"
"Almost.."
"Well  at least he tried."
"How pandas are made."
"Seems Legit..."
"'Tis so true...."
"Kazaam"
"Thought this fitted."
"What happens when lightening stikes sand  pretty cool"
"This is what happens when sand gets struck by lightning!"
"Kitty cleavage"
"I googled 'How to get karma on reddit.' Was not disappointed."
"Googled &quot;How to get karma on Reddit.&quot; Nothing has ever made more sense."
"Earth as it might be."
"Earth and it's surroundings...for the next 7+billion years."
"What will happen to the earth over the next few billion years"
"Kind of long but It's worth watching."
"x-post from r/gif its really cool so watch it all"
"Baby Dolphin!"
"Growth of Wal-Mart [x-post from r/gifs] [520x362]"
"Disturbing - The growth of Walmart since 1962"
"kinda true...."
"Normal cat vs Expensive cat"
"How to look rich"
"How cats are made"
"How to draw a perfect circle."
"Eloquent Pixels-Simon Christian"
"Pigeons"
"Sleepy dog"
"Hey  is that a quarter? Nope!"
"Math class this morning"
"Every time it's sexy time"
"Dubai this morning. Sky city"
"Dubai this morning covered in a thick blanket of fog. What a beautiful sight."
"Happy No-Duckface Age"
"First post  be gentle"
"Hey  nice bike!"
"Definition of HOLY FUCKING SHIT!"
"How I felt through all 5.5 yrs of engineering school."
"wait for it...."
"Longest gif ever  well worth it though"
"The best gif for reddit..Wait till the end!"
"Longest gif ever  well worth it though"
"Only 9 cents at your local grocery store."
"You've got some food on your face."
"It's one of those days"
"I feel much safer now."
"How I felt the day after Cinco de Mayo..."
"THIS is the reason I have been back to see The Avengers 3 times. (Spoilers- kind of)"
"How I feel after not getting downvoted to Oblivion"
"Ah  memories."
"stairway to...."
"Action News: Redditor's house raided!"
"Seen on my FB newsfeed.."
"Somebody in marketing is about to get fired"
"When I unexpectedly recognise a popular .gif while watching a movie or a TV show"
"Tiny hippo's adventure"
"And shanked tiny Raven's tiny bitch ass"
"tiny hippo"
"For my cakeday  I present to you my favorite link  &quot;Tiny Hippo.&quot; Thanks for the laughs  reddit."
"Ain't no one."
"Aww  what a cute story!"
"Don't mess with tiny hippo."
"Attack of the killer vaginas! (SFW I think)"
"Wanna see a hedgehog covered in bubbles?"
"Just a hedgehog taking a bath..."
"Hedgehog covered in bubbles"
"Today I think I'll Be A Sponge"
"Bruce Lee"
"the only thing I do when my friends talk about chuck norris is show them this picture."
"Don' touch my pig!"
"My reaction when I realized I missed my cake day..."
"My brain produces sound to it..."
"When I realise its my cake day"
"I love this gif! (Avatar from a user at nordic-t.me)"
"Terror [xpost from /r/brokengifs]"
"MFW a shitty link gets upvoted to the front page"
"The reason I have saved all my Ninja Turtle toys and Dr. Seuss books."
"Bruce."
"just some cute birds hangin' out"
"Bath time"
"My attempt to get my fat cat to move"
"Mess with the bull and you'll get the horns"
"..don't judge me"
"Cat Stache"
"Women's Manual."
"My parents gave me copies of every Newspaper from the day I was born  In one of them was this article on &quot;Anti-Soviet warrior&quot; Osama Bin Laden."
"AMA Request: Robert Fisk of the 1993 Bin Laden Interview"
"Anti-Soviet Warrior Puts His Army on the Road to Peace. Article by Robert Fisk  December 1993 on Osama Bin Laden"
"They *actually* exist!"
"Pikachu  I choose you!"
"I didn't know Ash felt that way"
"A donor heart beating in a mechanical system which keeps it warm  oxygenated  with nutrient enriched blood pumping through. Fucking Amazing  and Beautiful"
"MIND = BLOWN ^^"
"When you got to this page"
"I guess these two patched things up in Hell"
"Start Wandows Ngrmadly... [pic]"
"Yes  Please Start Wandows Ngrmadly"
"Introducing the new  revolutionary gaming chair  designed especially for handheld gamers."
"Nice view (pic)"
"Not sure where this is  but I want to live there forever."
"What its like shaving as a teenager with acne"
"I see your Australian Monopoly and raise you Iraqi Monopoly"
"Penguin"
"Penguin"
"Pedo-Prodigy"
"Year of the Dragon"
"Goat aurora over Greenland"
"The Queen having a giggle at Prince Philip's ceremonial uniform"
"if historical events had facebook statuses"
"History facebook updates."
"Buzz Lightyear: Space Ranger"
"Halfway through class and in the front row  I always end up doing this..."
"When I try to dance in public."
"Me after drinking coffee for the first time"
"New Update on Hurricane Sandy RP?"
"Thor &amp; Loki know what The Avengers was really about..."
"Dat Assgard"
"How I feel when I'm trying to sleep and my boyfriend wants sex [SFW]"
"How I feel babysitting multiple children"
"Can touch this."
"Keep it cool shaq"
"A perfectly timed picture of the Tx. Tech streaker"
"stop creeping meowt"
"I miss Crispy M&amp;Ms"
"Oh how I miss thee..."
"Like a boss?"
"What's he saying"
"Ass Ketchum?"
"Just lounging around"
"naptime for one"
"Important to remember going into the future."
"When a repost from /r/gifs makes it to the front page of /r/funny"
"Penn Jillette says it right about common sense and logic"
"they see me rollin....."
"Chill  bitches  I got this."
"I prefer this version"
"So I tried the Imgur roulette game. I laughed quite a bit at my second result"
"my god  it's beautiful"
"Should have sent a poet..."
"I can has some privacy?"
"I thought things like this only happened in Australia"
"Drip Dry Dogs"
"I'm really happy for you but imma finish"
"hijacking this sled"
"Take my money"
"I would do so much fucking laundry."
"God Damn..."
"Funny  and somewhat true. [Fixed]"
"Not so socially awkward penguin with a cute girl"
"Oh Penguin  Stop..."
"hey...ummmm...."
"This picture makes me laugh every time."
"Still one of my favorites."
"Gettin real sick of your shit Charles."
"The Truth About Radical Islam"
"Radical Islam"
"This music works with everything."
"Ball so hard mother fuckers wanna find me"
"My mom just bought a macbook."
"That's what you get for a short-sighted jump"
"Wipeception"
"Every God Damn Time!"
"Every. Fucking. Time."
"Why me and tacos aren't very good friends."
"So America was pretty hardcore about carpooling during WW2..."
"Cali's carpool propaganda has gone too far"
"I catched this in r/conspiracy...boy  those guys make me laugh!"
"So this popped up on my Facebook feed..."
"Tourist Guy - The infamous photoshop hoax that trolled 9/11."
"Eerie photo taken just a moment before 9/11"
"We Will Never Forget Bad Luck Brian"
"Texting while driving."
"Texting while driving."
"Monster cocks"
"How I feel when I swim"
"Math makes me sad."
"Dog Panics Waiting for Owner to Come Home"
"bear play with funny boy!!!!!!!"
"kids will be kids"
"The adults ruin everything"
"Racist black mother won't let her child play with the white kids. (X-post from r/imgoingtohellforthis)"
"Even better than the Tony Hawk games"
"Even better than the Tony Hawk games"
"Whenever I hear my favorite song on the radio (FIXED)"
"Relatable Romney: &quot;Of course I enjoy a good snowball fight! Heck  Paul Ryan and I pretty much had one the other day.&quot;"
"Was riding my bike through the park when I noticed this guy..."
"go home man  you are drunk"
"Damn brilliant idea"
"Teach me"
"When someone is over my shoulder when I'm on reddit..."
"MFW my roomate walks on me when im having a fap."
"just an ordinary shoes.... wait what?"
"Your present condition!"
"Not amused by your dancing"
"Panda Nap time at the Giant Panda Breeding Center in Chengdu  China"
"Brace yourself"
"What the..."
"When someone asks why I support marriage equality..."
"All Hail!"
"I could do that but I don't wanna"
"Best. Picture. Ever"
"Awww.. wait... Dafuq?"
"Thats a nurse......"
"So I googled 'Get me to the front page of Reddit' ..."
"Jim Gaffigan on gym rats"
"This man is my hero!"
"Need the restroom? awkward..........."
"Design flaw"
"Cry me a river. Literally."
"Alakazam!"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"i think he kinda died?"
"Mona Lisa - 2012 (with IKEA Monkey)"
"Yep  it's wood"
"Just making sure"
"WAT (NSFW)"
"In the hole [xpoxt from r/NSFW_GIF] [NSFW]"
"(NSFW) Birdie! [NSFW]"
"Dragon Cat"
"Me during the first day of school today..."
"do i look excited to you?!!!"
"Does THIS look unsure to you?"
"Hugs"
"Dogs showing love for one another."
"Thumbtack anal (NSFW)"
"He's trying to take off."
"I see what you did there Pixar"
"Will You Be My Valentine?"
"“The concept is simple. Take a blank sheet with nothing but the basic outline of a pinup girl and illustrate a unique scene around her.&quot;"
"Hmmm..that's actually really cool."
"Kitty training a turtle to be ninja (gif)"
"Trolling  scumbag style"
"How to treat a lady?"
"The guy that every girl winds up with after saying they are sick of assholes."
"Taking a cab to penn station and the cab driver gives me a weird look."
"Taxi driver or..."
"catching flies"
"Go to source for biblical inaccuracies"
"Not today"
"Batman Cam"
"My friends take on Bring your own Slurpee cup day at 7/11"
"I don't think this is what he meant"
"Dr. Dre mixed with Squidward."
"Possibly one of the saddest things i've ever seen"
"What a wonderful squidworld"
"I links the lynx"
"Bone cancer (SFW)"
"Bone Cancer (from r/pics)"
"Bone cancer"
"So close to a real conversation!"
"WT..How the... Oh my god"
"When riding my scooter and I see a motorcyclist"
"Whenever I see my SO opening dozens of video news tabs at once..."
"How I feel spending hours on reddit when I have a term paper due in 18 hours that I haven't started."
"this is why i always use pen on my engineering exams"
"Hubble Goes to the eXtreme to Assemble Farthest-Ever View of the Universe"
"Hubble's newest eXtreme Deep Field photo..."
"Me waiting for the Zombie apocalypse"
"After coming home from a friends house with cats"
"Mother Nature vs Man Kind..."
"Photography school"
"How I feel now that my long awaited cake day was a flop."
"Just taking a dog for a walk.."
"Just taking a dog for a walk.."
"Just taking a dog for a run"
"Just taking a dog on a run.."
"Webcam stripping"
"To all the horny guys on chatroulette/omegle"
"Not expecting that."
"Narwhal bacon"
"Saw this on my facebook feed. Had to share."
"It's midnight  and I think we all know what that means...."
"A Narwhal Made of Bacon"
"But is it midnight?"
"How accurate am I if I say your fear of clowns might possibly be sparked by this guy?"
"LOL they're so creative..."
"Huxley vs. Orwell. Which dystopia are we headed for?"
"Would you like jelly or..."
"The manliest of men"
"It is done."
"Only a true friend"
"But why?.."
"Not sure if repost  but I laughed WAY to hard at this"
"No matter how many times I see this picture it always makes me laugh."
"His face is priceless"
"I heard you like pigs."
"Oink Oink right?"
"Happy Birthday John! He would have been 72 today."
"I think this belongs here"
"Discovering something that is on your list of 'things to do before you die' in an unexpected place [NSFW]"
"Igloo hot tub"
"Only one thing gets this kind of reaction..."
"Doesn't matter  had sex!"
"How I feel when my parents make me go to church."
"My Facebook news feed  every day."
"How TV commercials remind us of the upcoming school year."
"I heard you liked cats- well so does Freddie Mercury... (x-post r/oldschoolcool)"
"To the team that made Games for Windows Live..."
"Hey Reddit! Today my account is this many years old!"
"How I feel as a Brit when Americans complain about their hot  dry summer."
"Dear car that decides to go 50 in a 70 on a one lane road..."
"As an American seeing 9/11 jokes on Reddit..."
"HI! Is this thing on? *click*"
"It will be fine x-post from gifs"
"You has a boo boo!"
"Awww  Kiss works more then medicine"
"I wish I could do this to some people around here."
"Best comic I've read in a while."
"Dads Magic Trick"
"You seem to be confused..."
"Apples!"
"why?"
"So this just popped up on my FB."
"Promise me you wont' do anything stupid today  son. Please?"
"Whenever my brother would get in trouble for something I did"
"MFW I farted in class and everyone glared at the fat kid next to me"
"My friend and I giving his dog a bath."
"Bunny Bath!"
"World's first head transplant!"
"Tanning fail."
"Find the black guy?"
"Ebony &amp; Ivory: Too tall for the tanning booth? Not a shop."
"Uh dude  you missed a spot..."
"Worst bronzing ever"
"Sorry sir...but I think you missed a spot"
"This was not photoshoped."
"So this is an actual person. There's a person that actually looks like this. Somewhere in the world. Actually."
"This is what happens when you forget to bronze your face"
"My son is convinced that this is what's happening in NY right now. (repost)"
"Best background ever."
"This is pretty much how everyone else in the world views &quot;Bronies&quot;."
"Someone didn't get enough attention as a child..."
"Does this belong here?"
"There is no thing as to much bling..."
"Douchebag Level"
"Haters gonna hate"
"YES! YES! YES!"
"Doogie + Elmo = Party Bus. (x post was broken)"
"Shots with Neil Patrick Harris and Elmo"
"How I felt when I logged in today and realized it's my cake day"
"NPH and Elmo know how to party"
"Decided to take bong rips after a long tolerance break"
"Most accurate pie chart I've seen recently [FIXED]"
"An accurate pie chart."
"My GPS is Jesus Christ. (not mine  so maybe a repost  but I laughed and thought some others might also)."
"Don't be racist  be like Mario."
"Mario is multi-cultural!"
"Bringing the old things back."
"Life in the Universe"
"Woah just WOAH [pic]"
"Woah  trippy as fuck (x-post from r/pics)"
"People Change"
"Spacedicks. Enough said."
"When you walk into the bathroom and see that your girlfriend is on her period."
"What has been seen  can not be unseen"
"When I open my fridge and realize I'm out of beer..."
"When my girlfriend makes a joke that's funny. [FIXED]"
"My First Time Entering /r/spacedicks"
"first time browsing r/nsfw"
"My face when I see my girlfriend and my best friend having sex"
"Hey  reddit! What's the source of this gif?"
"As a 19 year old who's never been outside Canada  this is how I imagine I'll react the first time I visit a foreign country. [first post]"
"Finding out it's your Cakeday without preparing anything good to post..."
"Get Smart!"
"And it keeps on going"
"Lizard Attack"
"When I fap and get some on me"
"This is how my cat acts after layin down the law."
"Everybody is getting into the act"
"Gnomes are for the birds..."
"Zombie gnomes"
"Zombie gnomes (x-post from r/pics)"
"Go home boat  you're drunk."
"Maybe we should ask for directions..."
"Go home boat  you're drunk"
"What I think every time I see a post about the friend zone."
"I can think of a few people who could use this advice"
"This is a fact when watching old cartoons"
"Cat Vs Ravioli"
"My friend's cat and Ravioli"
"Got sent to me on Facebook."
"No  Marty...."
"Back In Time"
"It's like deja vu!"
"Visited 9gag for the first time."
"What it feels like browsing new submissions late at night."
"Something isn't right about this..."
"so true"
"Whenever I tell a science joke to my friends"
"Which one?"
"Stealth level:Dolphin."
"How I feel at work today"
"Horse Power"
"Went on an African Safari  saw some amazing animals. My best pictures of them [imgur album]"
"Back from an African Safari. Saw some mind blowing aminals and places  here are my best pictures of them [imgur album]"
"Wut [NSFW]"
"SHOW ME YOUR VAGINA!"
"R/49ers thinks a true fan can laugh at their team..."
"Michael Jackson"
"So close..."
"Please.... Kill me..."
"Hipster Pug"
"Pug in pugs"
"&quot;I'm gonna make you all go &quot;D'aww&quot;"
"Matching Footwear"
"Silly doggy.."
"I got sum new shoes !"
"In a puppy-picture-war with a friend. Her latest volly. Direct hit."
"Deal with it"
"Being in college and hearing high school students saying how hard their work is"
"How I feel disagreeing with a popular opinion at any point in life..."
"Just saw this on facebook"
"Well that escalated quickly. (What I see in Facebook now days)"
"'Greeley Panorama' from Opportunity's Fifth Martian Winter"
"NASA's new mars images [imgur]"
"Judge me by my poop  do you?"
"Yoda Makes Everything Better."
"Now I elevate"
"So close  but yet so far"
"Moraine Lake"
"Moraine Lake"
"My face when my girlfriend admitted she was also addicted to reddit"
"When I realize the Tom Hanks Podcast Invitation was submitted by Chris Hardwick  and not a random Podcaster"
"When I realize the Tom Hanks Podcast Invitation was submitted by Chris Hardwick  and not a random Podcaster"
"I want to kill whoever invented this kind of packaging"
"Making a million copies"
"My problem with University internet"
"Typed &quot;Karma Whore&quot; for my cake day post. This is fairly fitting..."
"Just found out it was my cake day  couldn't find anything to post so I googled &quot;cake day posts&quot; - this sums my adventure up pretty well"
"Yes  I agree"
"Edward (safety) Scissorhands"
"How I feel doing work late at night"
"how to get on welfare"
"I'm black  but I still thought this was hilarious..."
"My black friend shared this with me..."
"This showed up on my news feed. Lobstercycle?"
"A motorcycle made out of lobster."
"Portrait level:Hero"
"To the window!!!!!! To the bookshelf!!!!!"
"HOLY DIVER  SOLE SURVIVOR"
"Library rave"
"Computers are awesome"
"Metal."
"my babe want me to lift her"
"Oh hey there puppy"
"You shake it  Mr. Weightlifter."
"My Swag"
"How real men lift weights"
"Walking the stairs... you're doing it wrong!"
"So I google image searched &quot;Anne Hathaway&quot;.."
"Don't you just HATE it when people defile public urinals like this?"
"Why?"
"I see your creepy abandoned mansion and i raise you a creepy abandoned playground."
"My favorite gif ever (x-post r/funny)"
"What I imagine an upvote to be"
"Oh  you replied to one of my comments?"
"Here  have an upvote"
"During a successful post  how I react to all comments"
"Shit just got real on the playground"
"So it's my RL Cakeday but I don't have any cats  so here's something else I think Reddit would enjoy. Cheers!"
"My god  why?"
"Yum!"
"I can't even explain this ..."
"This is the saddest story I've seen on 4chan"
"WTF OP"
"I don't know what to call this because I'm still laughing so hard."
"Tiny Liu Kang is awesome [NSFW]"
"Liu Kang wins.... [NSFW]"
"Liu Kang wins [NSFW]"
"God Bless America."
"Looks like I'm gonna have to jump"
"I will never have the opportunity to look this badass..."
"What is this ad even for?"
"This ad will surely recruit more social workers..."
"Recently saw this ad for Social Work..."
"I was not aware babies could apply for that position."
"Why not use a real baby?"
"Math Class."
"Yep...this is me currently writing a paper about a topic I don't care about. [x-post from r/reddit.com"
"When I see my karma disappearing...."
"Losing an argument on the internet"
"Typing out the last couple words for a paper late at night"
"When you realize that you've lost an argument"
"As a non-football watcher  seeing my Facebook newsfeed"
"Photoshop Troll"
"First day at work.."
"Skill?"
"This is how you become a legend."
"Not so extreme.... (FIXED)"
"Not so extreme....just brave"
"Truth...."
"Looked at top links for Gifsound and gangster snuggie wasn't on top."
"This was my EXACT expression after my exam today when my friends were going over their answers"
"Venturing into r/SpaceDicks for the first time"
"MFW I log on to Facebook and find out that five days ago I &quot;liked&quot; Orgasms.org..."
"I'm about to start the first day of my Master's degree tomorrow - this was my face when I realized"
"The day after my mother's birthday"
"Real life Cartman"
"Happy 72nd Birthday"
"Looked up &quot;crazy Asian inventions&quot;..."
"Because this is a huge problem."
"This is my life"
"this about sums up reddit for me"
"Don't worry  I got this"
"I call him ridiculously photogenic dog"
"Damn  this is a tough one"
"This kills the man"
"I believe he can fly... Maybe not..."
"I finally figured out why the petunias thought  &quot;Oh no  not again.&quot;"
"DEAL WITH IT"
"Deal with it Opra Style."
"MFW deleting a post with 1 downvote."
"Deleting a post with 1 downvote"
"Most of Assassin's Creed (Sorry if repost)"
"When I get lots of downvotes and I delete my post"
"When I discreetly take back my upvote after being enlightened by the comments"
"Deleting a post with negative karma"
"South Florida OC. Box Chevy ridin' high. (Yes  there are two subwoofers in the Chevy Box)"
"Chevy Lowrider"
"Exposure of laser towards the center of the Milky Way (2000 x 1816) pixels"
"Try to cook something cuter"
"Some people say that a dog is a man's best friend but this guy is truly something else"
"How to hide your porn [FIXED]"
"a different way to record a video on a concert"
"Let's hope this doesn't become a trend"
"&quot;Fuck it. I better record this  It probably won't be on YouTube&quot;"
"punch"
"Tattooed Beauty (Old photo  but it never gets old) [NSFW]"
"I'm the hero America needs  but not the one it deserves."
"When a girl gets hot after high school  but turns into a bitch"
"I saved a good link for months just so I could use it on my cakeday. This is how I felt when it fizzled out at 4 karma:"
"Jack Nicholson"
"Bear keeps rollin"
"Jump Around"
"Hey  Reddit... My batteries are exploding too!"
"Saw this badass at a house party."
"HD  from NASA (source included). Beautiful  but made me think of this for some reason: &quot;We don't know who struck first  us or them. But we do know it was us that scorched the sky.&quot; (quote source also included)"
"I laughed a little too hard"
"Sometimes Yoda is misleading"
"Guess again little man."
"Come in so."
"4am Reddit"
"Trying to stay awake in my morning classes after being on my summer sleep schedule."
"How I feel when somebody posts a pic of a youtube comment"
"Live: Cat breaking Felix's record"
"Felix the cat"
"I must go! My planet needs me!"
"You're the Devil in disguise  oh yes you are!"
"Yeah big deal its another bike g--- Are you fucking kidding me!?"
"IT'S GLORIOUS!"
"From Male to Female in one year."
"Oh look. The weather and my ex  in one news story."
"Hey guys I made it on television!"
"So i googled &quot;Topless Jennifer Aniston&quot;..."
"My asshole friend didn't let me copy his notes from when I was sick. When I got an A and he got a B on the test."
"The only haircut"
"No Shave November Goes Full Circle"
"Oh My God."
"Bad Luck Brian doesn't look so bad anymore"
"Bad Luck Brian's not doing to bad."
"Whaaaaaa!?!?"
"bad luck brian...."
"I cant think of a title but I fully agree with the message being portrayed here"
"How nutella is made?"
"If X-Men played sports."
"My First Orgasm"
"Cats and Boobs [nsfw]"
"Cats and Boobs [nsfw]"
"when someone is being a tease"
"Nuclear lunch detected"
"Ben Hill HardCore"
"yakety metalhead"
"Sean Connery at US Open... I feel a meme coming on..."
"Yeeeeeeeeeeeesh!"
"I know this deserves to be a meme  but I can't think of any right now! Help!"
"How to make out with different animals"
"Breaking Bad and Adventure Time mashup"
"Theres a reason that sign is there"
"Did not expect to see this at the zoo."
"Music"
"Sometimes it must be shit to be a metalhead"
"I've got a song stuck in my head."
"The Cat Hotel"
"Let me just squeeze in..."
"Cat Behavior"
"As requested Sir Scoots with his Dirty Money Upvotes"
"Everyone that comments on my thread"
"This is how I see every &quot;how to draw&quot; book. They don't fucking help."
"How to draw an Owl"
"Learn something for a change"
"Why I hate buying &quot;How to Draw&quot; books."
"How I feel when someone tells me to &quot;just get over&quot; my depression:"
"Anddd now I know how to draw an Owl."
"hes back"
"Alyx's keyboard."
"snake poison reacts to blood"
"This is what snake venom does to blood"
"How I expect the 2012 Presidential Elections to go."
"Obama: making old white guys look stupid for trying."
"|o|"
"Scooby?"
"Breaking the fourth wall"
"This is what happens when I get too confident for exams."
"Maybe this suits you guys more than r/funny: I'm Nigel and I know it."
"Remind me next year please"
"Kitty!"
"Punctuation Pirates."
"Punctuation pirates"
"4chan discovers a humanoid creature on google street view"
"An anon may have found a humanoid"
"Support gay marriage?"
"Support gay marriage?"
"Support gay mariage?"
"Seems legit."
"Babe caught me slippin'."
"My father is from Scotland  he laughed pretty hard when I showed him this."
"Soon"
"I thought this was a day of happiness and merriment."
"Why are people doing this?"
"Whenever I read a newspaper"
"When I see a bed on display at retail stores with 10 pillows"
"Only at evolve music festival......"
"Fantastic sprite fighting gif"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"I'm sorry...they made me do it"
"How I see some atheists apologizing over to r/islam."
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"Bear problems"
"Columbine class photo of 1999  check the top left corner."
"The cat is the boss [GIF]"
"The fuck was that?"
"Cat's reaction to the earthquake"
"The fuck was that?"
"Today at my final exam realizing I´m about to fail..."
"Still one of my all-time favorites"
"I know this is a repost. I don't care. It still makes me laugh every damn time."
"My brother when he woke up after a night of drinking."
"These are the &quot;additional&quot; costs to book a &quot;reward&quot; points flight on Air Canada"
"&quot;This is gonna be a great picSHOASGIUBOWHFUCKSHIT&quot;"
"NJ right now"
"Bikini Babe gets a surprise!"
"Hey do you like my new swimsuiGLFLGRFLGJFGJNU"
"Then what happened...?"
"Japan's X-Games are going hard"
"Is this a popular sport in China?"
"Also; The Worst Part About Living in Connecticut"
"I don't know why this is so funny."
"The most epic log-on of all time"
"I thought Windows Vista had security flaws.."
"My face when someone leaves their account logged in on reddit at the Apple store."
"Meanwhile in Albuquerque.."
"Seems legit."
"My girlfriend's reaction after I told her I was getting a king size bed to replace my twin size mattress."
"My reaction when my boyfriend told me he was replacing his twin mattress with a king size bed.."
"This is one of the most heart felt photos I have ever seen..."
"Monk and tiger sharing their meal.."
"just feeding a stray cat  sharing is beautiful"
"no need to act like an animal  use chopsticks......."
"There is only one thing to do when your link has already been submitted."
"greatest excited-reaction-gif ever."
"My reaction when I got to 1000 link karma right before my cake day"
"Bears being Italian"
"Baby elephant!"
"Hairless chimp  creepy."
"Fade to black..close curtain...and scene. Perfect!"
"The New and Improved KKK"
"Gay  Black  and Jewish Klansman... Patrick Star  too."
"GBJK"
"&quot;Is this the Krusty Krab?&quot; &quot;No  this is...&quot;"
"The truth about gaming controllers"
"First Court Appearance"
"Whenever I get a couple up votes from a submission."
"75 bands  one picture ..."
"75 bands in 1 picture"
"He didn't have his brain on the ball"
"How I feel playing soccer"
"You light that pipe!"
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"you gonna light that pipe?"
"Shit just got real in Canada."
"In a way it's true...more atheists would tolerate religion if it wasn't for mass murder based on religion..."
"Imagine..."
"So a level 1 hurricane hit where I live today and I saw a picture of some damage done."
"Corvette  meet hurricane."
"Tropical Storm Leslie just hit my town  the owner of this car is one unlucky man"
"Today I found out there is something called a &quot;Scorpion Fly &quot; ...I'm not happy about it."
"ARISE MY MINIONS! [NSFW]"
"Mean while on my newsfeed"
"How I feel when I get a few upvotes then downvoted to oblivion."
"Not mine  but I don't think they'll be inviting that babysitter back!"
"So I googled that Deepstaria Enigmatica that's been roaming the front page... One of the results felt aww worthy."
"The hell happened?"
"just 3 beautiful women"
"A story"
"not everyday do you see..."
"Police Notes"
"real fan"
"Hey Scarlett will you sign this for me?"
"Just a baby Elephant playing in the water"
"I make the same face when I drink Jagermeister"
"I am sure this has been posted before  but I have not seen it. My favorite baby's first reaction to lemon GIF."
"How I feel on reddit at times..."
"I think I will kill myself now. (Honey boo boo and Whale mother in a pageant together.)"
"So this showed up in my Facebook feed."
"No clues to suggest that would happen"
"Umm..."
"The touch."
"My dog"
"Free Hand Jobs (SFW)"
"Mother of God  that's scary."
"my worst fear when sleeping in the dark."
"Lets all sing the nope song"
"An oldie but a goody"
"Bathtub Calling"
"Max has seen some shit"
"Hitler likes to party"
"Fish shouldn't have claws..."
"Science  you're doing it wrong."
"Women's Best Friend? Meet the Semen Demon."
"Shit Tyrone"
"My thoughts after Jeopardy the past few nights..."
"Get your shit together Tyrone [FIXED]"
"Awkward white girl."
"All of the white people at Obama's party tonight"
"White people!"
"Because fishing poles are too mainstream..."
"I'm just going to pass through here..."
"You should of paid"
"Unlucky Day"
"The Mexican wave"
"Something Ive always suspected..."
"yes. yes they are."
"Racist PB&amp;J"
"Slow news day?"
"Wut"
"Brace for impact"
"My 2 year old loves the show. I wish this book were real."
"Another loss for my childhood"
"Thirsty baby chincilla"
"Epic Plunger Man"
"Accidentally kissing a girl after she gives you a BJ"
"When I'm drunk and have the spins and just need to pull the trigger and go to bed."
"Plunger Man Returns"
"Unce Unce Unce."
"Pump it up"
"Seen as I was getting coffee today."
"Morgan Freeman in a photobooth"
"Using the House of Horror pictures to locate a serial killer"
"ahh!"
"Holy shit it's a"
"Spork Theory"
"Unreal! (Yes  this is an actual PC game screenshot)"
"The best looking PC game of 1997."
"An island within a lake  within an island  within a lake  within an island."
"An island within a lake  within an island  within a lake  within an island."
"My Bike!"
"My Bike! (x-post r/thewalkingdead)"
"My Bike! (x-post r/thewalkingdead)"
"Noooo my bikeee"
"Rick  you bastard!"
"Heartless Rick [Crosspost from r/Funny]"
"I see your Ronald Reagan riding a velociraptor  and raise you a bear riding Abe Lincoln."
"Facebook Today..."
"I don't even know."
"Ooopsie"
"Expert Mode"
"When ever my posts get down voted right away.."
"Say girl... lemme see"
"dat veil"
"Just a dog with eyebrows"
"Couldn't think of a good caption"
"This showed up on my Facebook feed."
"So my roommate was left alone today..."
"Why hello there. (Discovered from FB)"
"As an Australian  my reaction when I see a 'upside down' post"
"A powerful image I first saw here"
"Squirrel shaking snow off its face"
"Terraced Rice Paddies in Bali  Indonesia"
"Soul mates"
"I'm not falling for that again."
"Wait a minute..."
"Grown Up Kitteh is responsible."
"How I feel as a broke college student after depositing $22 in my bank account"
"I received my financial aid today. This is the most relevant picture on the internet for me right now."
"I'm a musician with just enough money to pay rent."
"How I feel every time I get my paycheck"
"Every time I receive the Giant Wallet in Ocarina of Time"
"As a broke college student  this is how I feel when I find out I have more than $10 in my bank account."
"How I feel when I get a new tube of toothpaste"
"3D leg tattoo"
"Wicked Tattoo. I am in awe."
"Weird 3D tattoo"
"Meet the cutest cat in the world. Luna."
"I've just finished ADWD."
"Humans aren't the only stingy animals."
"Shaaark!"
"New Redditors"
"people karma whoring in pun threads on reddit"
"Snooki has an orgy. (SFW)"
"team iPhone"
"In retrospect  the 'hype' for The War Z was something like this"
"I'm sure everyone who bought The War Z can &quot;follow&quot; on this one"
"What the people of reddit are really starting to remind me of"
"Ok  fine Pandora!"
"Don't tell me what to do Obama![First post here]"
"Saw this on my facebook feed today"
"must follow the rules"
"Punctuation is important."
"Good enough for me"
"Come at me Bro"
"EVACUATE? NO THANKS"
"Ocean Gangnam Style"
"Ocean Gangnam Style (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Evacuate? NAH!"
"Hurricane Sandy Style"
"Evacuate  nah  GANGNAM STYLE!"
"Bracing For The Storm - Gangnam Style"
"So I tried salicylic acid for wart removal...I don't think it's working"
"Is this Karma whoring?"
"Justin Bieber Trolled"
"When I don't know if a post is good enough for reddit"
"my wife's favourite movie!"
"The creature all mean feared"
"The creature all men feared."
"Must of been awkward."
"The flash was on."
"Childhood = Ruined"
"Have some fruit."
"Who needs 'em anyway?"
"I call BS"
"I call BS"
"I call BS"
"Remember these guys?"
"Netflix just added this show  time to reminisce about my early years. Has some fun jokes I know I missed as a young lad."
"&quot;Hey /b/ can you please photoshop the sun between my fingers?”"
"If Michael Bay made a movie of the Tour de France..."
"Directed by michael bay"
"Mickey Phuckin' Mau5"
"Fn Mouse"
"Mickey Phuckin' Mau5 [FIXED]"
"HEYYEYAAEYAAAE mickey."
"So brave."
"The very definition on an opportunist."
"A well Balanced Diet."
"Explaining Reddit to a friend"
"This was posted in a small sub reddit. I think this collection of gifs deserves more attention."
"That feel when I get back home and get on reddit"
"My favorite .gif ever"
"watch out..."
"Zelda: 26 years"
"THUG4LYFE"
"Resident Evil 6: Giraffe Blowjob Edition"
"Resident Evil 6 cover... does anyone else noticed the dude blowing a giraffe?"
"And I thought I was big..."
"Black Science Guy [FIXED]"
"Brought to you by the Corn Refiners Association"
"Wow. Just bring the mojitos to cabin 4  thanks mate."
"After all the finals  I want to ditch the phone and go here."
"Got her mid yawn"
"Caught mid-yawn."
"Meet Susan"
"How much??"
"holy crap"
"WOW SO THAT'S HOW!"
"That encounter got very awkward  very quickly..."
"Ladies and Gentlemen the Wii U sucks"
"Next up on Sportscenter"
"a conservative opinion on r/politics"
"DON'T MOVE ... DON'T MOVE!!"
"Gilligan is one cool dog"
"Look at this dog"
"I'm going to slap the black out of you!"
"Slapping the black out (OFWGKTA)"
"My childhood in a single gif..."
"I don't even..."
"Om nom nom no...............wait."
"Om nom nom nom"
"om nom nom... wait"
"OCTOMOLE!"
"SSSSTTTTRRIIKE!"
"Strike!"
"I played the shit out of this as a kid"
"First thing Lego City reminded me of"
"cat scares itself"
"cat kicks a bottle"
"The feeling of returning to work after holidays..."
"my general attitude now that it's finals week"
"When somebody says  &quot;Stay still  there's something in your hair&quot;"
"[Moderator Message] I hadn't checked up on this subreddit  only to come back and find we had gained 10 000 more readers in a matter of days. This was my reaction. (message to all in comments)"
"The inside of a Leatherback's mouth"
"Long story short..."
"Long story short..."
"No problem  I'll catch it..."
"Fuck your silly games"
"Ouch"
"She wins."
"Fuck you lady  fuck you"
"Detention  you're doing it right."
"90s nostalgia"
"Wish my desk was this cool"
"Baby Chameleon"
"Baby Chameleon!"
"They're not the best but...."
"How my first attempt at cakeday went..."
"Dodgeball skills"
"High five!"
"60 ft snowfall clearing in Japan"
"Calm this shit down..."
"jealousy"
"Come on...come on...... AWW bitch!!!"
"Felix Baumgartner is the man."
"Gorgeous view of the Milky Way  from Mars."
"How I feel finishing homework in a class I don't understand."
"Tag  bitch."
"A Double Rainbow!"
"Its been a wonderful year as a redditor and this still makes laugh whenever I look upon it."
"Your hair dips into your food? Eat frill-necked lizard style!"
"amazing photo taken from a beach in Hawaii"
"Blue Crush"
"Whenever I see myself in a shop's mirror..."
"This is as 90's as it gets"
"Remember?"
"Dogs"
"Melting chocolate in a cup"
"Melting Chocolate"
"A little game predicts the future"
"I've been a lurker here for a while now  but today I had an idea with the Plague Inc. app that I think you'll enjoy."
"Understanding Gwen Stefani's Dance Moves"
"Sorry guy! I swear I didnt mean to"
"I'm sorry guys"
"Found this with my friend at 4 in the morning. I almost pissed myself laughing."
"We need to find and stop Bane."
"Fonts Matter."
"Thai Sculptor Transforms Scrap Parts Into Jumbo Autobots"
"Just a sculpture made out of scrap parts"
"Knock out FAP"
"Not the time for that (first)"
"Damn it  Moe"
"That's not funny"
"Moses was a jerk"
"MURICA!"
"Just breakfast... in 'Murica"
"Don't Herd me... (to the next level)"
"What is Love?"
"yeah  i don't know about that URL guys"
"An inverted Earth"
"Stop running"
"Too much!"
"old man knows how to party!"
"Total ANARCHY in the streets of London  UK"
"Alright  now lower it nice and slow.. dammit"
"Alright  now lower it nice and slow.. dammit"
"Boat Accident"
"Come on down!"
"its kind of a big flaw"
"Realistic time travel"
"Midget Ninja. What more can i say?"
"Midget surprise attack!"
"Midget Ninja Elvis [gif]"
"What was everybody doing?"
"Alright chums lets do this!"
"Taking the dog for a walk"
"Onward  my good man!"
"Truth!"
"Good Guy Church?"
"Sacrilege!"
"RA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA"
"RATATATATA"
"Best of 4chan."
"Hey there.."
"Mondays."
"Pick a Roll &amp; Fuck it [gif] [porn]"
"I guess that's all they can do... [NSFW]"
"Well  I guess it's true."
"What happens when your pipes rust"
"What happens when your pipes rust"
"You're doing great! Good! Fuck.."
"Everything was going so well..."
"I want to ride my bicycle!"
"How I feel when &quot;Never gonna give you up&quot; comes on the radio"
"Just a little closer..."
"I find obesity funny."
"Never thought i would find a .gif that perfectly explains how i feel getting and upvote on reddit [Repost]"
"accurate"
"A paradise for every starfish"
"Lol this gem popped up on my FB feed"
"If only"
"The day I joined reddit"
"My senior quote.."
"If you don't want to date me..."
"Rejection? Yeah "
"Is such a thing even possible?"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"What a drop of water looks like in front of a map"
"My favorite photo. Simply amazing."
"Richard Pryor explains the crucifix."
"It makes so much sense it hurts."
"Why vampires hate crucifixes. - Richard Pryor"
"Apocalyptic marriage"
"Came home from work and my wife handed me this sheet that my sons daycare sent home   he is 4yrs old"
"so i saw this today (not my picture)"
"Tornados got a little scary today"
"Dallas: Gnarly tornado is gnarly"
"This funnel cloud touched down in Orchard  IA on June 10  2008"
"So I made the mistake of buying Duke Nukem Forever..."
"Whenever I play Blitz..."
"Blow little guy! BL.. You're screwed..."
"how i feel when i find out my school is getting a 4 day weekend"
"Jesusing... It's a thing"
"He was Jesusing"
"jesus diving"
"Jesus Dives"
"My reaction seeing that judge beat his daughter for like 4 minutes"
"Just bought Arma II to play DayZ  my reaction to seeing WarZ."
"How I felt when I realized I missed my one day to be a karma whore"
"Bugs maybe NSFW?"
"All that I learned from this was never leave the bathroom door open"
"ah  spring break..."
"After a day of browsing Reddit"
"The daily routine of the average redditor."
"HULK POOP"
"Hug it out  bro."
"Dat feel when you're in Gamestop and see a gamer be a few bucks shy on a trade-in for a new game."
"I see what you did there  Youtube users"
"Every time GFWL installs a patch to a game."
"Just a Basset Hound Running"
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom"
"To da rescue!"
"Totally worth it."
"I was searching for Winnie The Pooh images when I found this..."
"This made me laugh."
"Too much Honey;"
"Totally worth it"
"I don't even..."
"Always be optimistic. Like this goose."
"Took this picture last night  30 sec exposure. Its the view from my windows"
"My favorite smoke spot"
"This is Windows XP."
"This is the best picture I have ever taken. [FIXED]"
"Oh  so that's where..."
"My reaction to finding out that my sister was getting punished for riding her rollerblades in the house on the wood floors."
"How I Feel When My Wife Is Talking to Me"
"Southwest should have kicked THIS lady off too!"
"Meanwhile  in 38.000ft..."
"Who's got a Poke-flute?"
"So about those airplane meals..."
"This little puppy is enjoying his parade!"
"Happens every night (told to post here from r/adviceanimals)"
"I hope they like what they see (x-post from r/adviceanimals)"
"How I feel as a science double major getting into research for the first time"
"I already know how I will feel after Christmas..."
"Evolution. Nailed it ?"
"It's my cake day and the World Series begins tomorrow!"
"And.... CRACK!"
"Perfect timing  not for that guy though"
"This remains one of my favourite stories  regardless of it's authenticity."
"How I felt when I got my first upvote"
"Spotted in the children's section of a Reject Shop [PIC]"
"Doesn't every parent want this tshirt for their child?"
"Still gets me every time [credit u/CyaSteve]"
"This guy knows what's up."
"Big ass iPads"
"Wisdom teeth: fine. Appendix: no problem. But this...why!?"
"Pripyat Ukraine  near Chernobyl"
"Halloween candy a week later"
"Hostess filing for Chapter 11"
"First thing I thought of when I heard that Hostess was filing for bankruptcy"
"Hostess has Filed for Bankruptcy..."
"Even as an adult  I still love doing this."
"Even as an adult  I still love doing this."
"Watching my teammates chase down a low-health enemy champ"
"Pretty much what I thought of season 2 of the The Walking Dead."
"Heard my boss laughing and when I walked into his office this was on his screen."
"4Chan explains The Bible."
"Probably the only religious leader I listen to sometimes..."
"Can someone make this into a wallpaper with the pic and words off to bottom right? I give you free reign."
"Love these guys."
"Some men..."
"Some Men Just Want To Watch The World Learn"
"Back the Fuck Off"
"When i was five and my parents say we are going to disney land"
"Please ladies..."
"MFW successful post."
"Please"
"How I feel after breaking 1000 karma last night"
"Try to resist this"
"The March of Tyranny"
"The March of Tyranny."
"The March of Tyranny"
"The March of Tyranny"
"Well fucking played..."
"The new Crip walk"
"Ama Policeman"
"After deactivating my Facebook account"
"Fat cats"
"Now that's what I call art"
"Hang Son Doong Cave  Vietnam"
"I googled &quot;worst gif ever&quot; and this was the first thing that I found."
"I googled &quot;worst gif ever &quot; and here's what came up."
"This must be a super villain of some sort."
"This is kinda creepy"
"transformers?"
"Sometimes You Just Want to be a Car"
"After watching 'Evolution of the Alphabet' I click 'Random gif' and find this. lol wut"
"Yeah See  Yeah"
"Trapped A Spider Under The CD Cover. Then  The Next Morning..."
"Trapped A Spider Under The CD Cover. Then  The Next Morning..."
"Staring at your soul"
"I've waited one year for this moment."
"I've got the next 24 hours to milk this  you know the drill."
"PAY ME BITCH!"
"How I feel when I get downvoted for trying to help..."
"I found out my roommate downvotes all my posts..."
"How DARE YOU?!?!?!?!"
"To those who whine about Crown Vic drivers"
"Come my friend..."
"My exact hang-gliding experience"
"Pretty much fits in everywhere."
"Went to /r/spacedicks today."
"When I ultimately realize the futile reality that most of my guild/clan mates only care about their personal benefit only."
"When I ultimately realize the futile reality that most of my gaming guild/clan mates only care about their personal benefit only."
"How I felt after I learned I have 5 summer reading books for my honors class."
"I could watch this to music for HOURS"
"The real introspective bear [refixed again]"
"Recently bought a MacBook  this is my general attitude after advocating for Windows 10+ years."
"I can haz tail?"
"Not Safe For Cat Work."
"Pac Man re-visualized"
"Who's karma is it anyway?"
"Propably a repost  but I've never seen it"
"So i hear reddit likes cats and little old ladies."
"Steve Buscemi"
"What I've noticed since quitting League of Legends"
"Sleeping in a king sized bed for the first time."
"Why I like BBW. (SFW)"
"How I feel changing my school schedule around so I get off at 1:30."
"When the handicap stall is open."
"What does this look like to you?"
"Are dog toys supposed to look like this ?!"
"Hard decision"
"This sums up my life in one picture."
"Umm...excuse me that's mine."
"Sleeping Dinosaur"
"You've seen it. You can't unsee it."
"Oh Hermione  you grew up so fast..."
"When someone says Cod is a realistic military shooter"
"When someone tells me the bible is real...[GIF]"
"Whenever someone invites me to play any sport requiring physical activity"
"When my date goes to use my restroom and I'm not sure if I flushed"
"The Very First Fleshlights (SFW)"
"Quite Possibly the Cutest Baby Animals Ever!"
"Trio of pocket hedgehogs"
"Think Positive"
"I feel bad for laughing."
"Gotta get these in before Feb 1st."
"On a steel horse I ride..."
"Whaaaa???"
"Doppelganger PSA -- [NSFW] very creepy"
"I was kinda wondering..."
"Just chopping onions..."
"That feel when you finish a paper at 5 am."
"Me after finishing my homework assignment after hours of work 6am which is due in at 8am."
"Finishing my final dissertation at 6AM"
"That moment when you finish your homework at 3 AM."
"when it's my payday"
"How I feel after finishing an english essay worth 30% of my final grade."
"Los Pollos Hermanos"
"One of the greatest photos I've ever seen"
"Just a couple of guys dressed for Halloween."
"Breaking Bad Cast dressing up for Halloween"
"Venom."
"checkmate"
"Cat hit by truck"
"Walk into the bathroom this morning to find this."
"How can you ignore that face?"
"How are you today? Answer:"
"The 50 Dollar Lesson"
"$50 Lesson"
"The $50 Lesson."
"Hey  the car didn't hit no motherfucking bump!"
"Cat vs cat-in-the-box"
"What is this sorcery?!"
"That look [xpost from /r/gifs]"
"cat vs. itazura bank"
"So I just tap here.."
"oh yeah oh yea.... HOLYMOTHEROFGOD!"
"How I feel going back to school after a long weekend"
"This will blow your mind"
"How I feel learning that my ex girlfriend married her current boyfriend of 2 months"
"When my friend suggests to watch a Nicholas Cage movie"
"Years later  and this remains the most powerful image I've ever seen."
"Many of us are probably going to post stuff like this on social media  but lets be classy about it.."
"When my guitar pick falls in the sound hole."
"How I feel when my PC prompts a restart after I install a program."
"All the time!"
"Can't say that I have..."
"I think they're just grasping at straws at this point."
"I had to.. re-post from r/funny"
"I was just thinking that I don't spend enough quality time with my guinea pig."
"Mom taking her kids to school"
"Cat falling in tub with no water freaks out"
"Calm down kitty!"
"I didn't know what r/spacedicks was  and this is how I felt when I actually saw it."
"When I know the pizza is too hot but risk it anyway.."
"nice jogging style !!!!!!"
"Two finals in one day"
"I wonder what they are looking at"
"I'm not drunk  but my car is."
"I'm not drunk  but my car is"
"Do It Like A Boss!"
"Let me set the mood real quick (aka. smooth operator)"
"New Hat"
"You mean I could have gotten to the front page with this?! (Another possibility)"
"So many feels..."
"Who said they were supposed to be enemies?"
"I want the dog"
"Halloween costumes - cannot believe how cool this is"
"Halloween costume win!"
"I'll get you my pretties!"
"I can totally relate to a cat doing this. Especially my own cat."
"When someone gets to the front page with a link I had previously submitted."
"When I forget fire sauce at the Taco Bell drive through"
"HIFW i really need to sneeze  but it just won't come out."
"Dude  look what i can do...SHIT SHIT SHIT!"
"This is how we shall rid the world of the Jersey Shore"
"Human dragon"
"What it feels like to chew 5 gum"
"Cool beer guy"
"So apparently some Germans vacuum the air out of train tanks before scrapping them and bet on how long it takes for them to implode."
"Every big dream you have after you hit 40 years old."
"As a generally introverted first year in university  this is how I feel when a cute girl says &quot;Hey&quot; first."
"Weeeeeeee!"
"This picture has to make you smile"
"Happy birthday Mr. Hawking...you science the hell out of that science!"
"Al Capone's &quot;luxurious&quot; cell at Eastern State Penitentiary"
"Al Capone's suite at Eastern State Penitentiary"
"The prison cell of Al Capone."
"How it feels to be the sober one at a party"
"FUCK YEAH!!!!"
"I'm on top of the world."
"Jack  I'm on the top of the world"
"I'm on top of the world!"
"Bitch please"
"Target acquired"
"Stay Classy..."
"This made me laugh pretty hard"
"Took me a second. Then laughed my ass off."
"This made me laugh more than I should have."
"Kith"
"My first college class starts in 8 hours."
"How I feel about Windows 8 and the tile system."
"How I feel at the Alchemy Table in Skyrim."
"Just bought Terraria off Steam sale..."
"How I feel pretty much any time I interact with a vagina"
"How I feel being in my early 20's."
"Giving my boyfriend a lapdance for v-day"
"How I feel being back in school after spring break."
"How I feel just joining reddit"
"How I feel trying to find trees without my Boyfrient for the first time..."
"So just about to go into my first &quot;business strategy&quot; meeting"
"As a PhD in chemistry trying to explain the Higgs boson to my friend."
"Life as a rocket scientist"
"So I Bought Spacechem from the indie bundle today on steam..."
"Nice try  Blue."
"just on my way to work  nbd"
"Dis Shit Don't Stop.."
"Young love... it's a beautiful thing."
"Made this my Facebook banner photo... promptly received requests to take down this &quot;blasphemous picture&quot;"
"My favorite version of the last supper."
"Thought you girls might enjoy this (same girl in all frames)"
"How Girls Look When Gaming..."
"How Girls Look When Gaming...."
"Gaben is setting us up for this..."
"Team conservative"
"Breakdancing Jesus!"
"And for my next miracle..."
"was browsing through the interwebs when I came across this - thought r/atheism would appreciate"
"I'm tired of that same old &quot;mind blown&quot; gif from Tim and Eric. Here's my favourite alternative  what are yours?"
"A dragonfly in the rain"
"Hold on little buddy"
"Well actually you can do both."
"Found this gem on facebook *facepalm*"
"Sometimes Facebook just makes it too easy..."
"Seems legit... - Imgur"
"Flawless logic on facebook this evening."
"Texas"
"How I have felt being a Texas resident for the past few months."
"Yo..."
"Being in New England  this is how I feel every time I hear about the fires in Colorado"
"Colorado Springs"
"This one gets me every time."
"Doggie style"
"Sup  dawg?"
"not a single fuck"
"Family photo fall"
"I feel like my undergraduate degree was a solid bridge into real life..."
"Come on kids  lets go take a family photo on that bridge!"
"I've never seen my cat look so concerned. (x-post /r/catpictures)"
"I have never seen such an alert cat."
"Black (Melanistic) Tiger"
"The extremely-rare &quot;Black Tiger&quot;"
"What to do after a day of heavy rain in Charleston  SC"
"A rainy day on the market in Charleston  SC"
"This is what happens to the Downtown market in Charleston  SC when it rains...with a high tide."
"Shopping in a flood"
"Charleston Market 08/28/2012  Charleston  SC"
"Making the best of flash floods in Charleston  SC"
"Reddit today."
"With Hurricane Isaac Coming By  We've Had Some Flooding..."
"I just need to grab a few things from the market"
"So it rained a little bit in the Charleston market today..."
"Nothing will stop us from getting our sweetgrass baskets"
"So  a little extra rained caused this to happen where I live."
"Market flooded today (Charleston  SC)"
"Haters gonna hate"
"So it rained a little in Charleston today..."
"Charleston is known for its wicker baskets and rain..."
"Best Bar Tender on Tatooine"
"r2beer2"
"The way things are going  this might be in the wrong subreddit"
"the third world has malls with shopping carts and the job of collecting them looks fun as fuck"
"Like a BOSS."
"#1 reason to not pass out at a party...#1!"
"Passing out with /b/ not the best idea ever.."
"Remember kids  don't pass out at parties."
"I think he's gone full derp"
"Every Day I'm Dumblin'!!!"
"Searched Google for 'everyday I'm redditing'. Found this instead."
"Tomorrow is Ash Wednesday. I've decided to give up reddit for Lent. This is gonna be me for the next 40 days."
"Spongebob pondering where his life is going."
"Depressed Spongebob"
"Just wait"
"OP will surely deliver"
"How I feel living in southeastern Louisiana"
"that spin"
"Every E3 Presentation"
"Ant holding a microchip under an electron microscope"
"Engarde!"
"Searching for funny unicorns  and found Tupacicorn."
"Cool tattoo bro..."
"Does Romney fantasize about eating his opponents? - Imgur"
"Love your enemies? I think not....."
"/r/aww didn't like this guy! I'm trying my luck with /r/funny!"
"Face Palm"
"I had the same reaction when I heard it..."
"All the smashing ladies"
"Put a ring on it."
"Best I could do."
"OF ALL TIME"
"vacuum cleaner level: cat"
"Kitty won't let go of the vacuum!"
"catuum"
"All the Valentines Day posts on facebook"
"My reaction to every single ME3 thread"
"How I feel when I passed a test and guessed on nearly all of it."
"Whenever a Redditor posts a screen capture from 4chan"
"Pressing &quot;a&quot; then &quot;j&quot; on posts [FIXED]"
"Anytime I see someone butthurt write a paragraph argument about religion/politics."
"My class after being asked about summer reading."
"How I feel about all these football posts as the average American redditor."
"My girlfriends reaction after I send her lots of links from Reddit."
"Ah  college"
"Um... America  Fuck Yeah?"
"Michael Scott on break ups"
"Back to school."
"How I feel every monday"
"WE LITERALLY COULDN'T HAVE GONE TO SPACE WITHOUT ATHEISM"
"Aperture Science just put this picture up on Facebook"
"I must go  my people need me!"
"wink"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Where's Wall-E ? ..."
"Can you name the robots?"
"I take it you haven't had sex for a while."
"Forever Alone goes to the Doctor"
"Be Polite..."
"how many pizzas?"
"China building a Stargate!"
"What it feels like to be single on V-Day for the first time in 3 years"
"What Valve employees are busy doing right now"
"The Real Heisenberg"
"Dodging Downvotes"
"Destroy the Computer!! (pic)"
"It's A Homo Devil Machine!"
"how much wood..."
"The pedophile in Sims"
"The Highest of Fives!"
"When i meet someone that likes the same nerdy crap i do."
"I request the highest of fives. - Barnabus Stinson"
"Just installed two 12&quot; subs in my car"
"I don't think this will be useful"
"this actually makes my day"
"Living in the Dark Side  Loving in the Moon Light"
"Episode VII"
"tray ninja"
"Like a boss."
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"If Tom Brady worked in the food industry."
"Don't mess with the dishwasher"
"Stealth cat...watching...and waiting..."
"Nothing is cooler"
"Skeptical Newborn Puppy"
"The first thing I thought when I saw this picture"
"Bitch  im fabulous"
"sometimes when i'm alone..."
"Paid holiday tomorrow? This is how I feel."
"I don't know what to title this. But it's funny"
"Stay hydrated."
"Falcon Punch"
"How it felt after my ex cheated on me and we broke up. Only to find out later that she got herpes from him."
"Yes  yes  this hurts girls too."
"Betty white on social networking"
"Betty White on facebook"
"I laughed so hard"
"Not in my backyard"
"This was my &quot;draw a political cartoon&quot; assignment"
"Just a Duck feeding Koi"
"One for you  and one for you  and one for you."
"Sun out? Ice cream time!"
"Looks so good you can taste it"
"Searched for &quot;weirdest thing on the internet&quot;. Wat."
"No clue what's going on"
"After two all-nighters  this will more than likely be me tomorrow in class"
"Me at work today after seeing Spiderman midnight showing."
"My body after hours of nonstop reddit."
"After failing No Fap September five days in"
"Soon."
"The madness is in the eyes"
"Madness in the eyes"
"In-house security. [ORIGINAL CONTENT]"
"Waaaiiiiit a minute.. I see whatcya did there."
"Baby giraffes are winning in the cuteness sector"
"The strangest Stanley Hudson GIF I've ever seen."
"How to get free Lunch"
"How to get free Lunch"
"How to get free lunch (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Why FB WHY?! Every app update gets worse and worse."
"Mostly what i see on Facebook these days..."
"All I see on Facebook lately..."
"Saw this on Facebook. I think they're doing it wrong..."
"Seriously  Facebook? Wtf."
"Seriously? I'll have you know  this gave me cancer."
"Popped up on my news feed....with over 278 000 likes. The tactics that are being used today are quite something."
"Found on FB  Yet another meme ruined..."
"Seen on Facebook. Are you shitting me?"
"Feral man. That is all."
"Shampoo!"
"How men &amp; women choose shampoo - Imgur"
"Shampoo! [Fixed]"
"Shampoo [Fixed]"
"So I noticed everybody putting random letters and numbers at the end of imgur and thought I should give it a tr...OMGWTFBBQ?!"
"NOPE"
"Take your best shot."
"History repeating itself."
"This girl is a keeper [fixed]"
"This girl is a keeper!!"
"I'm going off the rails on a crazy train!"
"hugs!"
"People say my cat looks like Samuel Jackson  what does Reddit think? [FIXED]"
"Stupefy!!"
"What usually happens when I contribute to a heated thread."
"Emma Stone's orgasm face"
"when I have waited an hour for my food to come..."
"I can't get enough of Emma Stone."
"More people need this."
"just chillin bro"
"Just chillin'"
"Used Diapers (xpost from /r/cringepics)"
"Am I the only one who does this?"
"Don't mess with Peach."
"Denny is a badass..."
"Ms. Marvel"
"Want some fries with that?"
"LAY'S® Classic Potato Air"
"Ceiling cat"
"&quot;As you can see from this pie chart...&quot;"
"I've seen this so many times  and I've always seen it turn anti-clockwise  but then I found the second gif..."
"Do you see her spinning clockwise or counterclockwise?"
"I knock over the neighbor kids and hump them."
"Giant Sized"
"Cute Kitty for a Little Pick Me Up"
"How I feel watching everyone talk about Steam and being a PC gamer when I have a Macbook"
"The classroom of the future!"
"The black cat analogy"
"facebook has been promising this morning."
"The Black Analogy"
"Macro moisture"
"Spending too much time online?"
"You know you're a reddit addict when..."
"The average date for a Reddit user."
"How a guy Redditor gets dumped"
"Waking up to some unexpected karma"
"Logging in on cakeday"
"I got 7 Karma in about a minute. My reaction exactly"
"How I dance"
"Challenge fucking accepted."
"We've all had those moments..."
"Wait a minute .."
"You know you're a little too into video games when..."
"Leonardo DiCaprio vs. Biggie"
"How I Feel Looking at My 69 Karma for the Last Month"
"Not Suspicious At All"
"Googled &quot;Midget riding a T rex&quot;"
"I feel so dirty..."
"An Artic fox pup"
"Any time my teacher goes into detail"
"Every freakin day"
"When I hear the word &quot;concur&quot;"
"Yes  we have squirrels in Canada."
"I have found yet another form of squirrel."
"That awkward moment when..."
"That awkward moment when Mitt Romney's slogan.."
"When I found out you can click and drag to zoom in RES"
"This party is off the hook!"
"How To Kill A Walrus"
"sounds legit ...."
"How can you say you love her  if you can't... (imgur roulette)"
"True love."
"Japan at it's finest."
"Is there a smartphone equivalent to this?"
"How I feel when finding something funny on Reddit."
"I try to hold my composure when I see a celebrity but I usually look like this"
"I try to hold my composure when I see a celebrity  but I usually look like this"
"This is still my favorite gif."
"Today was a good day"
"Every second that I'm playing Diablo 3"
"When I get into the Diablo 3 servers"
"When a teacher uses my work as an example."
"Today is my birthday!! And I just got a sext message."
"How I act when my gf takes me out bikini shopping"
"My first day &quot;working&quot; at Rooster Teeth"
"When my karma goes from 68 to 1283 over night"
"My face when I woke up to my post making the front page"
"Hot damn  its my 1st ever cake day!"
"How dumb must this catcher feel"
"Let me just help you with...NOOOOO!"
"It's like Scar and Mufasa all over again."
"Just LET GO!"
"gooodbye dear !!!"
"Fuck The Rules - Part II"
"well then"
"The perfect BLT [fixed]"
"BEHOLD... THE RAPTOR"
"This describes Reddit amazingly well."
"Raptor Jesus"
"Dafuq?!"
"Thank you Based Raptor."
"My first rave. (Jesus Camp)"
"Valve Camp"
"Skrillex fans"
"Our GabeN is an awesome GabeN."
"All Hail Gabe (x-post from gifsound)"
"Favorite gif &amp; favorite song"
"Veloc-o-dude making children cry"
"It's thirsty work being the doctor"
"The beatles circa 1957"
"[Album] George Harrison 1957-2001"
"I've never been so jealous in my life"
"This picture always makes me happy."
"One more week til the election  always room for a write-in candidate!"
"I don't care if I get downvoted  but this is gosh darn adorable."
"Of course he would..."
"the best side of the moon"
"That's what friends are for I guess"
"Because fuck logic"
"When I submit a post to Reddit  even though I know no one will like it."
"Creepy. X-post from woahdude"
"Freaky as hell."
"Everyone"
"Occasionally Family Guy has some Gems. A scale of Mental Retardation."
"The subtle humor I almost didn't catch. (Family Guy)"
"Moose hunters"
"Pretty good moose hunting this year"
"Great hunting season"
"Hell of a roadtrip..."
"In Soviet Russia  moose hunts you"
"Bubble Fish Tank Makes Me Uncomfortable"
"In case you missed any of the women's gymnastics  here's a recap."
"SACK RACES ARE FUN! 5 OUT OF 6 KIDS AGREE!"
"KangaSack!!"
"Think this was a coincidence?"
"So cute that it ruined my life."
"Sorry  this seat is taken"
"why exactly are there pandas on this plane?"
"A panda seated in the passenger seat of a commercial airliner"
"My friend's dogs doing some star wars cosplay"
"Yoda and Vader learned a new trick: pug-formation!"
"Enemies"
"Win you thought you would? Laugh you make me."
"Muppets..."
"Seems legit."
"seems legit..."
"Hey  you got something on your eye there."
"Back to roots"
"When someone else gets lots of upvotes for something you posted first"
"How Hades smokes his blunts"
"Dat ash (xpost from .gif)"
"When the cops show up:"
"When someone else gets lots of upvotes for something you posted first [Fixed]"
"Dieing right before a checkpoint"
"Me when someone downvotes my first post"
"Subtle advertising"
"I m Sorry Reddit it was my fault"
"PC LOAD LETTER? What the fuck does that mean?"
"Australian pizza orders.."
"Bet that one's not screaming..."
"Disney... I would watch this if it was a movie"
"For you Dexter fans"
"My first reddit post  and I understand y'all like cats  so I decided to be a little waggish..."
"You ain't fresh like I'm fresh."
"Bust a move funky brotha"
"FLYNT THE PIMP FLOSSY"
"It always sounds like an audience cheering for me."
"Bacon. That is all."
"How to get a Redditor in bed with you"
"Whenever Adobe needs to update"
"A huge jacked man."
"Every redditor's dream job."
"Ridiculous Job Titles"
"Bears like to disco too"
"Beat-Jitsu"
"You can dance  you can jive  having the time of your life..."
"Sorcery!"
"meet moose."
"Dating single mothers..."
"Dating a single mother.."
"Updated WCG BvBCC Scores!"
"Found this old Sherlock meme whilst cleaning up my hard drive"
"What a Fucking Party Today!"
"Becoming a MOD for a small subreddit."
"How I feel making new friends at the bar before my own friends get there."
"Class is out early!"
"What the two party political system feels like"
"Yeah... You want to be here. Don't lie."
"How I imagine Michael Jordan would change a tire"
"The most viewed image on Reddit."
"It's Jesus!"
"That never happened Jesus"
"Jesus vs Dragon"
"That never happened Jesus."
"How I feel whenever I offer free shipping on eBay"
"Money in the bank  pimpin' ain't easy."
"The POTUS making it rain"
"All I picture in my head every time I watch Olympic Swimming."
"The original Morgan Freeman."
"Well isn't that just &quot;rickydickorous&quot;"
"Goodbye cruel world....."
"Whenever Someone Tells Me They Enjoy Star Wars Episode 1."
"Waking up Saturday and thinking it's Monday."
"I love how his ears go back!"
"From my webcam - at work after a long weekend....zzzzzz"
"Light cannot escape him"
"Just missed my cake day  so here's a very black man"
"Such a great method!"
"Pffffftttt"
"An honest mistake..."
"ladies  watch out for this stud."
"MY hero"
"I will teach my son the dance of our people."
"After the rain  pump dance. (little dragon)"
"Atheists vs. Christians"
"Mmmm... lime... UGH FUCK WHAT FUCK NO UGH WHAT THE"
"Alaskan klee kai puppy tastes lime"
"My favorite gif."
"Puppy + citrus ="
"When going down on a girl at a music festival"
"the perfect combination of hilarious  cute  and kind of sad."
"What's this? Hmm...WTF"
"The first time I went down on a girl"
"the trouble with limes"
"So happy"
"Furry love...not what you think."
"We all have feelings"
"Every book your professor assigns you."
"When there's no tl;dr"
"Problem?"
"My brother made some hilarious Arrested Development crossover memes. U mad  hermano?"
"This tastes as bad as you think it does..."
"Vietnam's Infinite Cave"
"Pac-man."
"I am the Pac-man (r/gifs)"
"Makes you wonder "
"I could do this all day."
"Put your finger in your ear and scratch"
"Baby Steve Buscemi"
"Baby Buscemi"
"Seems like an appropriate reaction"
"When someone messes with me on Monday @work"
"Everyday. at work."
"When my semi successful post is suddenly flooded with downvotes."
"Simple Stuff"
"PSYduck!"
"I knew i recognized Psy from somewhere."
"Poke style"
"Should we tell her?"
"Favelas of Brazil. The boundary between wealth and poverty"
"The most innocent-looking doe  in a Japanese national park"
"Patience"
"Oh  the Internet..."
"Master Chief Gangnam Style"
"Best thing about naming Gary"
"r/politics and r/atheism in a nutshell"
"Cake makes everything okay."
"Every birthday after your 21st."
"24 today. This pretty much sums it up"
"For my first Cakeday  here is a Cakeday cat."
"But my birthday was a week ago...."
"How I'm going to feel now that everyone bashes cake days."
"How I feel having my real life cake day on 9/11."
"me after my first cake day post"
"I found out it was my cake day today... at 11 p.m."
"How I feel submitting a bad post on reddit."
"Insult after injury."
"My kind of dog."
"Cute doggy"
"Opportunistic Dog"
"P[L]s rat[E] mah dick"
"The other day I finally got my girlfriend to send me a picture of her tits. She's a classy gal  thus only agreed to do so if i sent her a dick pic back. So i did. [SFW]"
"Uhm yea.?.."
"I think this belongs here. The symbolism eludes me."
"I like my art like I like my men.."
"OAG's One Night Stands"
"OAG's One Night Stands"
"Well  at least she's protecting herself."
"She has trouble letting go."
"Condom Room"
"The hottest woman you've ever met takes you back to her place. This is her bedroom. Would you?"
"Guys. Guys listen."
"My absolute favorite picture of all time. This is also how I usually pitch my &quot;awesome&quot; ideas to my friends."
"Walken In A Winter Wonderland"
"Winter is Walken around the corner"
"Gif of a hrs (credit inside)"
"Putting things into perspective: A view of Earth through the rings of Saturn. (Earth is the tiny dot in the upper left quadrant of the rings.)"
"Yes  this picture is real. Taken from Cassini as it drifted into Saturn's shadow. Oh yeah  and Earth is in this picture  too."
"Boring College Class Bingo"
"Hey you guys redditing in class. Try this."
"Bored in class?"
"Because Fuck Paying Attention"
"How To Survive A Bad Class"
"Someone  please tell me this is fake."
"My &quot;faith in humanity&quot; meter is falling precariously low"
"it will be much easier this way(:"
"How to get there"
"So true."
"This is what I spend most of my days doing."
"I eat bunny poop"
"Just A Sink Full Of Kittens"
"Just a litter of kittens in a sink"
"If we fits we sits"
"I heard you like cats in sinks"
"So I googled Nicolas Cage"
"Run while you can!"
"Missingo the fear."
"Finally got myself some quality OC that's sure to get upvoted."
"So I heard reddit was running a little low on the OC"
"I wish they made these"
"BOO!"
"Like a theist confronted with logic"
"Falcon iPad slap!!"
"wait for it..."
"An average Saturday night."
"Everyone was thinking it..."
"How many people could you feed?"
"Bismuth crystal"
"Gggggggg Ggggggg... G!? G! (ggggg-gggg gggg /g/GggggggGggg)"
"Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway"
"my favourite face swap"
"Facebook chat girls"
"When a friend's family member dies ..."
"This pretty much sums up my life since i discovered Reddit a month ago..."
"Fighting work with work"
"The sad truth"
"Recycling"
"I really don't know why I bother..."
"He mad  bro."
"Glaring"
"What kind of monster would do this?"
"The basis of Reddit"
"A Redditor's Defense System"
"Kids in the 90's had the best toys."
"How I became a violent adult..."
"Sock'Em Bop What?"
"When I get that feeling..."
"The whole club looking at her"
"I don't see nothing wrong"
"Turn the lights down  baby"
"Bumpin'"
"Bear"
"The bear necessities!"
"He can teach you."
"Sexy bear"
"Dip it  dip dip it"
"Stop with the bear. Please stop."
"Necessities"
"Bear Necessities"
"Bear Dougie"
"This bear has awful taste in music"
"Epic Sax Bear"
"The simple bare necessities."
"A Perfect Combination"
"What bears REALLY do in the woods"
"i figured it out"
"Look at me now"
"Bearnam Style"
"Saw this Gif and I felt this music fitted the situation perfectly"
"drank"
"No worries  no strife."
"Pop Lock and Drop It gone wild"
"This is what that bear was listening to!"
"I wish I could hear what he is listening to.."
"An Update: It's still pretty dark"
"Gymnastics... Like a boss (x-post /r/gifs)"
"This was on my newsfeed today.. &quot;He fell faster than MSNBC's credibility&quot;"
"He fell almost as fast as MSNBC's credibility!"
"Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light  according to MSNBC"
"What happens when cats get wet?"
"A cat's worst enemy"
"What is this...hmm ahhffucceghhd!"
"Abandon thread gif"
"Don't you know? Hitler-cat lives here."
"OH  THANK GOD!"
"Thank God!"
"I do apologize if a repost  made me lol."
"Laughed a little too hard at this"
"Which would you pick? A Good Memory and a long dick??"
"We had a good run"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like memes."
"Yo dawg I heard you like Memes"
"Rock  Paper  why not Scissors?"
"Slumber Party Antics [gif]"
"Petting Zoo"
"Petting Zoo [xpost from r/standupshots]"
"Skills"
"Driftin'"
"Hugging the Turns"
"Always sunny fans?"
"Fighter of the Night Man"
"One problem into two."
"My spaghetti is dry."
"Extreme competitive eating"
"The Classic &quot;You laugh  you lose&quot;"
"I got this!"
"Beautiful &amp; strangely mesmerizing [gif]"
"How 6'4&quot; me feels getting into my tiny toyota matrix"
"Cats and boxes"
"Nirvana with RuPaul"
"Rupaul and Nirvana (iconic moment in music history)"
"Magical sceneries in Kakslauttanen Igloo Village"
"Igloo Village  Finland"
"Igloo Village  Finland"
"I know this belongs in r/onetruegod but I didn't want everyone else to miss out."
"Nicolas Cage has never looked so terrifying"
"Oh  just a couple of pandas."
"Because this is scarier than anything I've seen.."
"oh god.."
"Fucking wings!"
":D"
"Little red panda sticking its tongue out"
"He looks happy"
"There weren't a lot of rules in the 80's."
"Whose Line Is It Anyway?"
"make a wish."
"george carlin"
"Coolest Umbrella Ever!"
"Hipster umbrella."
"Getting free stuff at conventions"
"chinese"
"Racism by Robert Downy Jr"
"Faith in humanity  LOST."
"Never half-ass two things..."
"Hey cat"
"Banana under a microscope"
"How I think some people must use their computers..."
"Still tippin"
"Is this real life  or..."
"Fanta sea"
"Is this the real life..."
"Is this real life?"
"I Googled &quot;most american picture ever&quot; and this came up. Fuck yeah."
"Fuckin' true story bro"
"The Most American Picture I Could Find"
"So I Googled &quot;The Most American Picture Ever&quot;. I was not disappointed."
"So I Googled &quot;The Most American Picture Ever&quot;. I was not disappointed."
"Human motorcycles. Whoa."
"Man is the pie that bakes and eats himself"
"MFW I realize I'm whipped cream (x-post /r/fifthworldpics"
"Your in my way!"
"That's one way to do it"
"Heres a gif"
"Oh you..."
"Internet Browsing Level: Redditor"
"How I feel every time I log onto r/politics"
"Worst case of chicken-eye-tis that I've ever seen."
"Everything's gonna be alright"
"Everything's gonna be alright (x-post r/pics)"
"A student at my University got kicked out of the honors program. He sent this letter to the dean a year later."
"okay  I'll wait."
"I see your &quot;best dog you'll see all day&quot; and raise you another"
"Cat in a banana costume"
"Whenever I accidentally stumble into 4chan"
"Every time I venture in /r/spacedicks"
"How I imagine my girlfriend would react if she checked my browsing history"
"When I open my laptop to discover that all the links are still purple"
"Every now and again I look at r/spacedicks to remind myself that im not that bad a person  but this time..."
"Checking my finals grades on the internet"
"ART"
"Why would a Springbok need it's own website."
"Who needs arms?!!"
"Who needs arms?"
"Who needs arms?!"
"David Attenborough = Legend"
"Pit bull puppy bubble bath"
"Pit bull puppy bubble bath"
"knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad."
"Fruitbasket"
"I occasionally find these gems on the internet..."
"This cracks me up every time!"
"When your innocent friend says something sexual"
"When you hear a little kid swear"
"I was sitting in an airplane when the edibles hit me."
"When you forgot to do what your mom asked you to do while she was gone and she walks in the door"
"A new hope for Star Wars?"
"A New Hope"
"Disney  you may have purchased Star Wars  but in a profound way  the mythos belongs to all of us. We're putting our trust in you  so please  make us proud."
"Disney  you may have purchased Star Wars  but in a profound way  the mythos belongs to all of us. We're putting our trust in you  so please  make us proud. As a gesture of good faith  I have made this image to commemorate the occasion."
"Disney already released a screen for Episode 7"
"Triple Sunset on Tatooine"
"Brace yourselves..."
"There is so much out there Luke."
"Ratooine!"
"The Derp is strong with this one"
"Our reaction after my best friend's wife let him visit me out of town for the weekend..."
"My reaction when curiosity got the best of me and I went to r/picsofniggers at work"
"My reaction the first time I went to /r/FearMe"
"The Explosion! [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"Female tiger shaking herself dry"
"Wet tiger"
"Indochinese Tigress shaking herself dry (1600×1200)"
"How I bet people feel when they repost and it makes the front page"
"Family Troll"
"My computer's background wallpaper back when I was unemployed"
"When you know to turn down the volume"
"Little Endian  or Big Endian?"
"Hey there..."
"Whoa there Leonardo...(xpost from r/gifs)"
"Hey there... (x-post from /r/gif)"
"Pretty much sums it up perfectly."
"Niki Minaj"
"if the shoe fits..."
"When I'm at a bachelor party"
"/r/gonewild"
"Cats always land on their feet"
"For my cake day  I present you with ... I don't even know. Just take it."
"GLRRRBGRRLGAGH Om nom nom"
"&quot;People of Walmart&quot; has reached a new low."
"Canada's getting ready for winter."
"backyard hockey rink (x-post from r/pics"
"Best Goat ever!"
"Just drop me off at the next village."
"I Love You Man!"
"stop it!"
"I've Been Lied To! And yet...I feel okay with it."
"An abandoned 19th century Italian mill."
"Breathtaking abandoned castle in Italy [906x1280]"
"Max Level Mountain Man"
"This is why people should not sleep at beaches"
"So this popped on my Facebook feed  that doesn't seem enjoyable."
"I propose a mascot for our subreddit."
"rebel frog don't give a fuck."
"I Bought A Box Of Cornpops Cereal With This Comic On The Back..."
"Reddit  I give to you my daily input of WTF"
"how most of reddit is right now."
"Fractal patterns in dried out desert rivers"
"Lunch Anyone?"
"Crazy picture from Sitka  Alaska"
"How I felt when I first found Reddit"
"I always thought about this."
"I had the same idea"
"Am I the only one around here who gives a shit about the rules?"
"The first time I saw Bob Saget after Full House."
"Hello everyone this is my first post on reddit (Who cares!) My name is PurposeFear and I am addicted to marijuana......"
"How I feel being a door greeter"
"my posts have been doing so bad that im beginning to think upvotes look like this"
"How I feel as a hockey fan listening to everyone bitch about the NFL."
"Waffles anyone?"
"Dark Knight Rises MIND=BLOWN"
"My son with Hermione...!"
"On the homefront"
"Ladies Man"
"Sup."
"MFW Someneckbeard says LE"
"Before the lock was invented."
"Thank Gods for locks"
"There  I fixed it."
"Honourable intention."
"My mum found this under the sink and placed it with my body building supplements...she may be trying to kill me."
"How to assassinate a bodybuilder (x-post from /r/bodybuilding)"
"My mum found this under the sink and placed it with my body building supplements. She may be trying to kill me. (xpost from r/bodybuilding)"
"How company logos looked in the past vs today"
"Fuck You!"
"When people say &quot;lol&quot; in a real life situation."
"Context is everything."
"Just shootin the shit"
"Lookout Bitches"
"Move bitch  get out the way"
"&quot;Beep Beep&quot;"
"One  please."
"That's ok  I wasn't planning on sleeping anyways..."
"You know who should enjoy this?"
"How I feel waking up at 6 on the last day of finals."
"I going to go ahead and predict that exactly one year from today  this image will be the number one post"
"All I wanted was 1 good photo to send to gramgram...damn it"
"You want stuff like this on the front page?"
"Angry Birds"
"He didn't see that coming!"
"This guy got into the garden...but already won my heart."
"Falling Asleep in Class"
"Every non-exam class"
"That's what I'm sayin dog"
"Hugging a lion"
"&quot;Are you writing for the Onion ?&quot;"
"My first GifSound"
"How I feel when I get in on a post before the rest of reddit"
"Creepiest pencil ever."
"Bum drillers on the loose!"
"I say it's accurate."
"Nice dog  scary shadow"
"My awesome president at Comic-Con this year. He's doin it right."
"I like dressing him up"
"Cause they're raping everybody!!"
"When i heard honey boo-boo is going to hollywood"
"seriously redtube?"
"Seriously..."
"when you see it"
"Ridiculously photogenic asian guy"
"A new angle on a historic moment."
"Most likely a repost but I laughed for a good 3 and a half minutes over this."
"Hey cat!"
"*Boop*"
"for my cakeday as a humble submission  I give you my favorite internet image as of yet"
"This image makes me smile every time I see it"
"What my life has been like since i bought a suit"
"Regardless of how many times I've seen this  it remains my favorite picture on the internet."
"My first thought meeting a business major"
"America"
"Today is my birthday  so I give you something irrelevant."
"I bet you can't find this on google images!"
"This would make for such a good horror movie"
"This is for everyone that needs a little levity in their day."
"Drum solo!"
"Being followed by this guy in Alaska"
"Steve never was very graceful"
"Stephan Feck playing with the pro's"
"Dolphin Puuuuunch!"
"Dolphin Puuuunch!!!"
"Dolphin punch"
"Dolphin Punch"
"Draw Something Knows What's Up..."
"So this happened while playing my mom in draw something"
"Just a startled giraffe"
"Freakout"
"Can't Touch this"
"The first thing that came to my head..."
"What the hell is this contest?"
"I see what you did there."
"From my Facebook news feed. Solid advice!"
"mmhm"
"Mom or Dad? I can't tell..."
"Oh no you di'int!"
"Crawl so hard"
"I see your meow so hard and raise you to my crayfish"
"How I feel when I hand in an assignment on time"
"How I feel going to the gym with my girlfriend."
"getting 100 upvotes"
"How it feels winning an argument on the Internet."
"How I feel when someone asks me for advice at the gym."
"Inspiring Stuff"
"Gonewild popped up on my boss's laptop history when I typed in reddit"
"When some one has over 3000+ upvotes on the front page"
"Found this gem. sorry if repost."
"Is Your Housemate a Dreaded Atheist? A simple Diagram."
"Can you guess?"
"I swear to god I fuck lose it every time I see this gif"
"Feet. Don't fail me now."
"Dee Reynolds. Runway Model."
"[HIFW] I try to ice skate"
"Try and top this kid's Halloween costume"
"This is too cool. I want one &quot;my sized.&quot;"
"Time for this to be cycled back into the reposts."
"mexicans in disguise"
"Fuck this shit!"
"What?!"
"Every time I see a reaction gif on the front page."
"When someone is wrong on the internet"
"WHAT!!? . . . Fuck this SHIT!!!"
"I can't get a job because I don't have enough experience. I don't have enough experience because I can't get a job."
"Finding out that you're now single  through Facebook...at work."
"Realized I missed my cake day..."
"After reading today's chapter"
"The true passion fruit !"
"Redditor buys 4 checkered shirts  arranges them in order of square size  and hangs them that way in a thrift store. All for that cotton-pressed karma."
"buzzin ninja"
"teach the ninja"
"I can't stop watching this for some reason"
"Ninja works it"
"I really hope her parents didn't take this picture."
"Hehehe stop it!"
"Cant wait to see someone using one of these"
"Haters gonna hate..."
"Thanks Discovery Channel  we now have a new group of people to hate."
"98 problems to go"
"98 Problems"
"When I see a (m) post in r/gonewild"
"Looking at the GoneWild submissions  on 'new'. SFW"
"I didnt see nothing"
"Cool story Bro."
"When I up vote something at 0 and it makes the #1 spot on the front page"
"900 views on a pic I submitted and one person gave me a vote...This one is for only you!"
"Oh  youtube..."
"I could stare at this for hours..."
"How my posts rate after an hour."
"Handmade boobie scarf"
"Pug boobs"
"Amazing photos of a spider! My friend's dad took these. Some traffic to his website would make his day."
"Battle of Fates"
"How i see 4chan flame wars"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"If Hurricane Sandy were over Europe"
"What Hurricane Sandy would look like if it were hitting Europe."
"How Hurricane Sandy would look over Europe"
"The wonders of random Googling.."
"My friend's Mom didn't approve of this for her desktop picture.."
"Whenever I come across a clever pun."
"For Redwall!!"
"Not everyone can hang"
"is this real skin?  what kind of cat is this? I want one...."
"Bring it"
"Red-bellied Short-necked Turtle!"
"rare turtle! very cute (xpost from r/pics)"
"I know how you feel.. It's been hot out there"
"I know how you feel... It's been hot out there"
"This is how I feel today"
"Sleepy Time!"
"Beep Beep coming through"
"Happy Shark Week Everyone!"
"Dude wtf?? A ball??"
"Soccer  at it's finest."
"I can't stop staring!"
"Can't.. Stop.. Staring.."
"This looks just wrong!"
"I watched this go round and round and round. I simply could not look away."
"Morphing Star Object [GIF]"
"Canadian Standoff"
"Ghetto Boombox"
"What I feel like when I'm drunk."
"In a kingdom far  far away..."
"Kochia Hill  Hitachinaka City  Japan"
"Gorgeous Kochia Hill in Hitachinaka City  Japan"
"Messi captured at Gunpoint!"
"Messi with a gun in his face"
"Sleep tight (Xpost from r/creepy)"
"Nothing is more flattering to a woman than a custom portrait from MS paint"
"What do Disney movies and porn have in common?"
"Don't you work..."
"&quot;In my job you have many occasions for sex.&quot;"
"Yeah  Charlie..."
"Flamingo Impersonator [fb]"
"What Armageddon will Probably Look Like"
"Great Scott!"
"Volcanic Lightning"
"It's always nice to meet your hero."
"Controls kids better then Airport Mum"
"So my friend got a college letter today...not what he expected."
"So my friend got his acceptance letter today...not what he expected. [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Gandalf - Employee of the month"
"OAG wont become boring until my penis says so. This is why...."
"After seeing the first GIF  the people have spoken. This is all they really wanted to see..."
"This works quite well"
"This works quite well"
"Oh god"
"acheived the perfection."
"Amazing Idea."
"Ay dios mio..."
"You are here → (along with Jupiter and Venus)"
"You are here"
"Apple Maps  you aren't helping..."
"John Connor was right.....Judgemnt Day"
"Pew Pew Pew"
"Pew Pew Pew"
"How I feel as an Arab on 9/11"
"Spy kitty"
"Saw this on /r/funny  thought it suited this sub better"
"Metal gear kitten"
"Sneaky Kitty"
"How I feel as a Soldier getting groceries after work on 9/11"
"how I feel everyday at work"
"For my real life 30th cake day (wow that's scary to say) I am posting my favorite ENT. His innocence always makes me smile..."
"Tree Camping"
"Umm. I wonder if there is a chapter on roadkill?"
"Priest Point  Washington"
"Mount Rainier weird clouds on thanksgiving sunrise"
"An awesome cloud formation and sunset at Mt. Rainier."
"Mt. Rainier"
"Here's a picture of Shaq holding a Panda."
"Old but gold"
"I got 5 on Calvin"
"Hobbes versus Pooh Bear"
"I am totally getting this made into a t-shirt"
"Request: 1680x1050"
"&quot;Cristopher Robin vs. Calvin&quot;"
"Putin VS Democratic Election (sunday)"
"The Putin Poodle"
"Oh Putin  you so silly"
"This man has a nuclear arsenal..."
"I can't lie  I've been in this situation before..."
"Pull over"
"Not sure if repost but i found it funny."
"But wait  there's more!"
"I don't even..."
"Cake day  my first gif mashup."
"Woman's man"
"By far one of the most mesmerizing things I've ever seen."
"We got our own thang"
"Da da da da da da da da da circus"
"I like to move it  move it"
"Whenever I get a great grade on something I was sure I had failed"
"Screw random letters on Imgur. Found this on Stumbleupon..."
"God bless you  reddit."
"How me and my friends dance every time Party Rock Anthem comes on."
"Vamping Zebra"
"Every day he's shufflin'"
"Every fucking day"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Geddan Dovahkiin!"
"ehhhhhhh sexy lady"
"From the makers of QWOP"
"QWOP'ing Dragon! (xpost from r/skyrim)"
"What I feel like after talking religion with my mom"
"gif i found doing the imgur roulette"
"Every month  my (ex-nun) grandmother sends me clippings like this"
"Confession"
"Confession"
"Surprise"
"The reddit version for the next movie in the Aliens franchise (gif) - Imgur"
"Reddit is going down tomorrow  at least it's for a good cause."
"Every time I check my upvotes about 10 minutes after posting something."
"Didn't have time to check Reddit yesterday and it ended up being my cake day..."
"Every time one of my posts fail..."
"Whenever one of my posts gets downvoted to oblivion"
"How i feel as we get closer and closer to 1 million godless redditors"
"Sea-horse"
"Like a boss?"
"internet stopped working...."
"What Happens When You Die"
"How I felt when I found out Reddit isn't blocked at my school"
"Yeah  I'll let him know..if I even find him."
"They said I could be anything"
"I am a waiter and this is How I feel after giving great service but not getting any Tip and my Manager won't let me complaint about it with the customer."
"I'll Do it"
"They're playing the original super smash bros on gamecube..."
"What time is it when you're out of ice cream?"
"McShaker Fries: Gangnam Style Edition"
"Don't worry  I got this."
"Well Fuck"
"How I feel at work on a Tuesday with a massive hangover trying to get anything done"
"Going for the Front Page"
"Almost made it"
"NOPE - NSFW"
"Da club can't even handle me right now"
"Whenever I get an upvote"
"My friend ordered a cappuccino and this is what he got.."
"Gangnam Style Cappuccino [x-post from r/Korea]"
"gangnam style coffee?"
"D is such a very nice letter"
"Tell me this isn't real"
"O_o"
"If you look closely..."
"If you do this  FUCK YOU! I'm sure $140 could have gotten you and your kids a week worth of groceries  but instead you spend it one one meal?! For shame!"
"I got a kick out of this"
"Somebody get him a partner before he shoots up a school"
"Hello?"
"'Why God Never Received a PhD'  posted on the door of biology prof Neil Hillier"
"Why god never got a PHD"
"One whole day  in one photo.."
"Seven hours in one picture"
"Seven hours in one image. Gorgeous. (by Isil Karanfil)"
"Seven hours in one image. Gorgeous. (x-post from pics)"
"Idaho is a badass state."
"Are you afraid of.."
"The circle of life"
"Yeah sure I'll help you plank....OH GAWD  WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"
"Unless I'm mistaken  this will hit the front page and spark a tantrum when it gets there."
"Who ever invented this fuck you."
"Whenever I upvote something funny before finding out from the comments that it's a blatant repost"
"Seeing everyone reposting all these gifs from 'HOARD ALL THE GIFS' this morning"
"How I feel when I realize a funny post is a repost"
"Go make me a sandwich."
"Now this carving is impressive!"
"This is just too painful to watch..."
"Kame hame ha!"
"How to make friends this Halloween"
"Protesting done right."
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"Whenever submitting anything after 10 p.m."
"My GF told me I could box up what I don't think she needs  so it can be sold at a silent auction..."
"My wife just told me to clean off the table  but that I didn't have to do it now..."
"Every time I hear my muslim friends say &quot;Allahu Akbar&quot;...."
"Every time I open a chest  this is my first thought."
"When I think my next Calculus exam will be easy"
"The most interesting skunk in the world"
"This creeped me out. He molested cats and I laughed at her when I was a child. What do you think Reddit?"
"MLK Jr.  he did a speech. Amirite?"
"My reaction when I went to /r/spacedicks"
"Oh 12..."
"Controls must have been inverted"
"Controls must have been inverted"
"Meanwhile  in Russia"
"Me at a party  after they bring in the tequila"
"I see all your insect faces and raise you two faces..."
"When the sun has been on one side of my face for an hour."
"It's that time of year again =)"
"Portal Pumpkin"
"Portal Pumpkin"
"My friend's pumpkin"
"Super Chuck Norris"
"Mario Bro's - Chuck Norris Style!!"
"Horses are kinda dicks sometimes"
"Cant think of a title."
"A car my friend saw in a church parking lot"
"Saw something pretty spectacular on /r/funny..."
"Xbox Live"
"Barack and Michelle's Celebration Dance"
"Victory dance"
"My new life motto."
"Proof of God's existence  checkmate Atheists. Christians: 1 Atheists: 0"
"Hope for the hopeless: An Angel in the sky near Colorado Springs."
"First Post Ever: An Angel In The Sky Near Colorado Springs!!"
"On my way to work I see this ..."
"Internet activism  you're doing it wrong."
"Come on Facebook..."
"So close!"
"I just wanna know what song she was listening to"
"She seems like a fun person to hang out with."
"How I feel on a good Day...."
"Greatest social fear"
"Since we are doing skulls  here is the skull of a child developing its adult teeth."
"Does this commercial remind anyone else of kung fu panda?"
"Super Antics!"
"Nonsense..."
"What's the price on the TV  again?"
"Hey Vegeta  what's the price of that TV?"
"exploring the galaxy."
"Just an idea I found on r/funny."
"So very true."
"She carries the sun!"
"Llama ~~holding on for dear life~~ surfing."
"&quot;I am sleeping in the rain&quot; - Guy at the bottom"
"I come to you today with some of my favourite amusing images from the internet. Enjoy!"
"After a heavy night of drinking"
"Every time i enter a pokecenter"
"I said the exact same thing"
"35 years separates these two pictures."
"Saving this gif for when an upvote just isn't enough"
"My go-to reply for a great post"
"Just realized today's my cakeday. An oldie but a goodie. For when an upvote just doesn't really do it justice."
"I want one!"
"Hail to the King"
"The King Drives By!"
"Justice"
"Stressed?"
"When my girlfriend tries to finish a sentence for me"
"I got 3 of them wrong  they're all so hot!!"
"Underwater Dog Pics"
"No  ima save u!"
"Decided to google &quot;Reddit Underwater&quot;"
"Having a quick swim!"
"Just gonna sit right...here"
"&quot;Hey man  I'm just gonna sit here  hope you don't mind&quot;"
"My worst nightmare"
"If I was a killer  I'd never let you go..."
"Don't Go To Bed!"
"Anybody else have this reaction to seeing a friend make the front page?"
"We were told he is a Muslim. Turns out he is actually a monster."
"Don't prank me bro."
"Was failing repeatedly on one level  this made me feel better"
"Oh  Fieldrunners.."
"We are all guilty..."
"crazy science"
"Party like Ke$ha"
"Party like Ke$ha"
"True pain"
"Found these cuties while browsing the web  sharing is caring."
"After my first college course this is how I felt"
"How I feel in my Computer Science class sometimes"
"Sitting in my Calculus class  this is what i always want to say to the teacher."
"Whenever I see how my cat looks at me  I can't help but think she'd take advantage of this sort of situation..."
"How I truly felt at the end of my day working in tech support."
"How I feel when I receive a chain email from a relative"
"Better call IT"
"I am so tired of seeing reposts all day long!"
"When donkeys fly..."
"When donkeys fly..."
"I must go  my people need me."
"I thought this would fit well in reddit"
"I always find this picture funny"
"Tough times in Israel"
"Tough times in Israel"
"Don't piss off a panda..."
"Asshole Panda"
"Looks like my freezer may just be a portal into the underworld."
"Oh honey you're so funny!"
"help this man find his tortoise!"
"MISSING TORTOISE!"
"Missing Tortoise"
"Missing Tortoise!"
"This is why I love New Orleans"
"In honor of the newly proposed revisions to the copyright act"
"Classroom-ception"
"Oh Hell Naw"
"My lady gathered all of her courage. And told the story of her first &quot;spider&quot; hunt alone."
"Take my hand"
"When I try to make new friends"
"No one says it quite like him."
"My response to every single comic/picture about 9gag"
"Yet another great quote from Penn Jillette"
"I see your ant  maggot  flea and tick faces  and raise you this."
"Just another day in the life of Teddy Roosevelt.."
"Happy Birthday America  this picture is never relevant on any other day."
"Yeah girl... wait  wtf?!"
"Dat pinky"
"Pinky..."
"Pinky..."
"Polyatheist"
"polyatheists"
"Proper way for men to attend pilates workout."
"Ready  set  go"
"Bambi and friends (x-post r/aww)"
"Bambi and little skunk twins. Too cute."
"I am Jack's complete lack of surprise."
"Catbeard"
"How I feel browsing the frontpage of Reddit..."
"After spending too much time on Reddit..."
"I bet most redditors wish this guy was them."
"Father of Reddits"
"I bet most redditors wished they were this guy"
"This picture is on the first page when you google &quot;reddit god&quot;"
"Ultimate cat beard"
"Cat-tastic!"
"searched &quot;king of reddit&quot;. was not disappointed"
"Googled &quot;king of reddit&quot;. After several pictures of Larry King  this glorious masterpiece emerged."
"Googled &quot;king of reddit&quot;... Wasn't dissapointed"
"I feel like this is what Reddit's god looks like."
"So i googled king of reddit"
"I think I've just found one of Reddit's kings..."
"This years hottest BEARD accessory [FIXED][FIXED]"
"God of reddit."
"All bow before the new king of Reddit!"
"OHHHHH sometimes I get a good feeling"
"Was listening to deadmau5 when..."
"Dancing Queen"
"Dancin Doctas"
"It is crazy how well these fit together!"
"Tiptoe through the Tulips"
"Rabbit ears"
"Redundant?"
"What the internet's becoming..."
"Me coming online"
"If you had a machine that could stop time  what would /b/ do?"
"If 4chan could stop time..."
"calvin and hobbes starry night"
"Seeing a Starry Night"
"The night Van Gogh painted Starry Night."
"I'd like to share my collection of 200+ Doctor Who wallpapers with you guys."
"Baby Turtle Tuesday"
"Hell on earth."
"Facial Hair Length"
"from Hitler to Super Wizard"
"When you don't downvote reposts"
"When you don't downvote reposts"
"This is a repost."
"Google Kills Bambi"
"We have a winner"
"When I spend a lot of time eloquently writing and editing a comment that Reddit doesn't upvote."
"They're all MIIIIINE!"
"Pure Happiness"
"Otterpops. Just Otterpops."
"Looks like someone didn't sell their summer stock."
"Priceless expression"
"Incoming &quot;Moooooon River&quot;"
"&quot;I'm gonna get ya&quot;"
"A big NOPE"
"Can't get you out of my head"
"How I feel when I hit on girls"
"After 30 minutes of trying to figure out how to press 'A' to upvote"
"When i realized i missed my cake day"
"What'd You Call Me?"
"Troops over seas make use of all of there free time."
"Missin feesh"
"Oh no..."
"pug dressed for the ball"
"TIL that Nick Offerman (Ron Swanson) and Megan Mullally (Karen from Will &amp; Grace) are married. Hilariously soft core- NSFW"
"I just Googled &quot;I just Googled&quot; and this was the 7th picture to come up."
"I knew Ron Swanson was awesome  but this is a whole other level of awesome..."
"Abandon Ship"
"When my Girlfriend uses a meme correctly"
"Introducing the 'Wake and Bake' Coffee Mug"
"Awesome!"
"Best friends forever"
"A very risky business..."
"Baking Bread"
"Breaking Bad Season 6"
"What it feels like going to a party at 10pm and you have no idea who the fuck these people are"
"When my friends are laughing about something I don't know about"
"I have to pee and this bitch wont stop talking..."
"Slender explained"
"Ron Swanson on alcohol"
"Sean Connery is one classy son of a bitch"
"A newborn baby gorilla at Melbourne Zoo gets a checkup"
"Browsing imgur...[first post]"
"A newborn baby gorilla at Melbourne Zoo gets a checkup at the hospital and shows surprise at the coldness of the stethoscope."
"Baby gorilla"
"This baby gorillas face expression is priceless."
"Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth (now in 3D!)"
"Good news  everyone!"
"Poor Brick."
"I don't think you're going to like it..."
"So wrong  Parent Trap mom. So wrong [gif]"
"I don't think she'd like it."
"Like a boss!"
"Even in Gabe's romantic endeavours..."
"You'll shoot your eye out!... again?"
"Do you have that one image that cracks you up a hundredth time?"
"Every time I see someone open IE."
"Woke up at 4 A.M. Two hours before i needed to"
"Most Detailed Image of the Universe Ever Captured"
"This is the farthest view into our universe. Ever. [Hubble telescope.]"
"The Hubble Space Telescope has captured the farthest-ever view into the universe  a photo that reveals thousands of galaxies billions of light-years away."
"Peering back 13.2 billion years into the universe's past. Hubble Telescope provides deepest view of universe yet with new Extreme Deep Field image."
"Upon seeing the new Hubble Extreme Deep Field image  my brain played some connect-the-dots."
"This picture by Hubble is the most zoomed-in picture ever created by man."
"When I suddenly realize I didn't close the porn on the family computer"
"My face when my friend tricked me to go on r/spacedicks"
"It all makes sense now"
"Starved."
"Woke up and found out I made the front page"
"MFW my GF randomly offers me sex."
"I got off of Reddit having 27 karma  when i got on the next day i had 197  this is how i felt..."
"When I click on a Youtube video and I have the top rated comment"
"Reaction To Everything I Post On Reddit"
"Paris  one hundred years today"
"Red Card!"
"Red card! (xpost r/gaming)"
"Taylor Swifting (x-post /r/gaming)"
"Beware! Young sloth ahead"
"Big eyes baby sloth"
"Anyone else feel like this guy when they're high?"
"You're welcome!"
"This isn't a gif to me anymore. It's a beautiful movie."
"Another example of police hypocrisy"
"The irony is almost too much to handle."
"A sheriff texting (with both hands) while driving. Classy."
"Here's a cop 2 handed texting while driving - Imgur"
"Protect and serv…."
"Get this cop fired. Texting  driving  no hands on wheel."
"This can't be right"
"Epic Poster Troll"
"Spoiler Alert"
"Chocolate hills  China."
"This cat has some insane hops [Fixed]."
"Welcome to the JAM"
"Budget cuts have really affected standards of transport around London. Even for Royalty..."
"Haters gonna hate"
"prince white people"
"The happiest bunny ever"
"Mood swing"
"When I came back from the bathroom and saw a waiter taking my unfinished meal and drink."
"First attempt at oral with my girlfriend."
"When I come back from the bathroom and see a waiter taking my unfinished meal and drink."
"Caught in the act"
"Someone forgot to bring their fucks to the library"
"How my friends and I reacted when we found out a 5th season to Parks and ecreation was coming out."
"Whenever the title ruins a funny post."
"My Cake Day in a nutshell"
"Football is dangerous"
"Ummmm wrong ball."
"Don't be a racist."
"House gets it."
"House tells it like it is."
"Probably already posted but still awesome"
"&quot;Rational arguments don't usually work...&quot; (keep seeing the wrong quote  so here's the right one)"
"For all the Age of Empires fans out there.."
"I'm a security guard at Safeway. Someone just shit in a frozen dinner and put it back on the shelf."
"Oh  I get it. The picture on the box is what it looked like the first time it was eaten."
"3 legged puppy"
"Three-Legged Dog"
"While having dinner at a friend's house and they start saying grace..."
"Reporting For Booty"
"Where you should pee [flowchart]"
"Where you should pee [flowchart]"
"When my internet goes out"
"Explains me when reddit was down a few minutes ago"
"Why teams don't like playing the Tigers"
"How I Feel When I Have No Service On My Phone"
"Shooting Nerfs  got a good shot..."
"Hey bro  sup  how's your morning going?"
"&quot;Meep Meep Meep Meep Meep&quot;"
"I am not only a frying egg..."
"The African Flower Mantis"
"Sleep with the fishes"
"Angry noodle"
"Bob &quot;Han Solo&quot; Ross"
"Han Ross  happy little Millennium Falcon"
"Just a tornado."
"A tornado in Colorado (X-post /r/colorado)"
"Found this  thought r/atheism will appreciate it."
"Death by oven"
"Abracadabra"
"Abracadabra (x-post from r/wtf)"
"How I am when I see all the links are blue"
"Well I don't need to sleep tonight [ x-post from /r/fearme ]"
"Running Laps [gif]"
"Running Laps [gif]"
"Running Laps"
"Running Laps [gif]"
"I didn't choose the knitting game  the knitting game chose me."
"Me around girls"
"How I Feel Sneaking Alcohol out of my Parents' house"
"Every redditor when Rob DenBleyker tweets something."
"How I picture r/atheism when something scientific happens in the news"
"Only thing I could think of when reading Fifty Shades of Grey."
"This is how I see the Maori Iwi right now"
"Witness Protection."
"Funny Pictures...comm gallery"
"When my friend tells me I should karma-whore on my cake day"
"Getting yelled at in college by a professor whereas in high school I would burst into tears"
"after drinking too much the previous night."
"*SPLITTING*: How does this road break so evenly?"
"i believe i can fly.(with the use of a car)"
"The weatherman announced more snow coming in the UK..."
"Big Mistake Stephen..."
"uuhhmm... the fuck?"
"Music causes seizures!"
"A creepy-ass gif that I have no explanation for."
"What the actual fuck."
"Old cartoons are creepy"
"If I had one hour to live..."
"If I had one hour to live.."
"One last time....."
"This is a wife's last night with her husband. (Sorry if repost  more description in comments)"
"Wife spends one last night with her husband."
"My thoughts while driving over bumps with a rental car"
"Every morning gets started with the same routine."
"MINE!"
"Someone has a new friend"
"Mine. (x post r/gifs)"
"Stuffed Animal Sniggle"
"I don't know what's going on in this. But it made me smile."
"Not even those legs can break this monk's meditation"
"God's real location"
"How I feel when a post I have previously seen with a [FIXED] tag delivers"
"I have been waiting for this sequel for 11 years. Its finally confirmed"
"Gave me more jump-scares than Amnesia..."
"Fetish or just plain WTF? [NSFW]"
"my life"
"I'm not crying... It's just been raining on my face"
"This week has been difficult for me as a Mac user. Me every time I see a PC only game on Steam."
"Iron Uppercut"
"I wonder what the password is..."
"So the password isn't pussy  any other ideas?"
"And all the girlies say"
"I'm on to your plan  secret Nazis!!!"
"I think I'm going to like my new neighbor"
"I think I'm going to like my new neighbor"
"I was looking for a good &quot;not even my final form&quot; picture and I came across this.."
"I don't even..."
"Jesus I am your father... and you..."
"Thought you guys might like this from r/gifsound"
"A sign outside my local eatery"
"&quot;Attention Hipster Doofuses&quot; - a sign on a restaurant near me"
"Jingle Bells... Twilight Smells"
"Best Disguise ever"
"I would have never guessed who it was."
"Hillbilly [fixed]"
"Hey man stop it."
"Rewatched The Gods Must Be Crazy tonight  one of my favorite bits."
"Cut it out!"
"Just a corner of a room full of NOPE"
"OH HELL NO"
"Does this scare you?"
"NOPE times a million"
"Cadillac One: The car that thinks it's a tank."
"President Obama's bullet-proof Cadillac &quot;Limo One&quot; nicknamed &quot;The Beast&quot;"
"Baby  what the fuck?"
"Started playing Black for the first time. This is when I found out that poison no longer hurts you outside of battle."
"Found out my girlfriend of 2 years was cheating on me. This was my reaction when they told me I could get a full refund on the engagement ring I bought."
"'The Hobbit' comes out in 24 days"
"My favorite picture of Emma Stone"
"What I want to do to my computer every time I go on facebook."
"No post on Sundays."
"Vernon Dursley."
"Breaking so bad!"
"Not a bad idea..."
"Hurricane Sandy floods NYC street [1024x1365]"
"Hurricane Sandy floods NYC street [1024x1365] (x-post from r/DestructionPorn)"
"As a fairly new Redditor  this is me when I presume my posts will rise to the top"
"PUGCEPTION."
"Pug in a pug"
"Irony"
"They had it coming."
"Well YOLO!"
"Mind = BLOWN"
"Neat."
"How I feel posting stuff on reddit 90% of the time."
"Just lazy."
"But only if it's a HUGE fuck-up"
"great way to carry a kid  or greatest way to carry a kid?"
"Total Recall Kuato"
"Quaaaaid. Open your mind to me."
"So that's how boomerangs work!"
"Oh man  can't miss this one."
"Madden? Keep it. These are the only football games I need."
"Cute corgi in the sand!"
"None of them"
"This man was arrested during a haircut. [Pic]"
"quite a haircut"
"Aggressive Marketing"
"Pretty low tactics"
"They Really Don't"
"YOU ALL KNOW ANGRY BIRDS BUT HOW ABOUT ANGRY DUCK?"
"Just a little bird."
"Some YouTube comments never fail to amuse me."
"Boing"
"Jesus was ambidextrous?"
"Me and my wife were picking a color for the walls today..."
"Luna"
"Midnight"
"Midnight (crosspost from r/pics)"
"Not my cat  not my cake day  but still full of adorableness."
"Need a good book? Why not..."
"He just really likes making music"
"The real Slim Shady."
"About to graduate college  this is my life plan right now"
"How Microsoft really planned for E3"
"They're going to extreme lengths now.."
"What is your Major?"
"Library Parking Garage [PIC]"
"Original Ermahgerd!"
"The origin of Ermahgerd"
"How Americans Actually View Sweden (Fixed)(Fixed)"
"I see your 100 trillion dollars  and raise you..."
"Too late."
"kid rides his bike  LIKE A BOSS"
"Eucalyptus regnans over Black Spur Drive  Australia"
"That's correct"
"...aaannnndd a pinch of fairy dust!"
"Paint war Berlin"
"Whoa."
"Street art - Paint war in Berlin"
"Skaters in Berlin having a color powdered war."
"he's got my vote"
"I guess I know who I'm voting for."
"Well if this guy wins  I'm moving to Cybertron."
"All Hail Megatron..."
"I vote Megatron."
"Just watering my negro"
"Just watering my negro"
"How To: Bathe Properly"
"Jetski Crash"
"That's how I roll"
"Well that's one thing you can do if you're bored.."
"They See Me Rollin'..."
"I'm not sleepy  what are you... *snore*"
"Trying hard to stay awake."
"that's my daily routine"
"Muscle Man is the table"
"I thought this was Amurica! (X-post: 4chan)"
"This pic makes me laugh!"
"I thought this was America?!"
"Looks like Bane has met his match (Xpost from r/Southpark)"
"Photo of maggot x100 magnification"
"Paint me like one of your french girls"
"Bluebottle Maggot says 'hai'"
"When someone insults you jokingly"
"This one goes out to all the homophobic commenters on the Rainbow Oreo"
"Some of the Australian synchronised swimming team."
"Gentlemen  the Australian Synchronised Swimming Team"
"How i feel everytime internet shuts off."
"What i'm like after walking out of a movie theater"
"The Oatmeal always makes me laugh."
"Tri-State Winner - Walter White"
"Tri-State Winner - Walter White"
"Googled &quot;explain the Internet&quot; I must say I get it now."
"[FTFY] dizzyike89 googled &quot;explain the internet&quot;"
"And now the Internet makes since!"
"I thought &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; was just a movie."
"Hilarious Tampax Ad"
"Now that's a brand you can trust!"
"Ad Subtlety"
"Dear America "
"Sleep on my watch? Not today!"
"So true."
"The human brain"
"Best caliber defense in case of bear attack"
"Batman's parents"
"When I realize I still have to climb the stairs to get to my room while trying to sneak around my parents drunk"
"Elevators in Japan"
"Warning label on 747 that carries space shuttles.[690x575]"
"Mounting joint on the 747 that carries the Space Shuttle. NASA engineers do have a sense of humor."
"No wonder people like Obama! They aren't educated at all!"
"Saw this on FB  looks like rape is in right now"
"When did Facebook become this stupid..."
"Which is it Obama?"
"Which is it Obama?"
"Which is it Obama?"
"Such a liar"
"I know another movie that is coming out in 2015"
"Don't be heartless  give this man his freedom!"
"These guys need our help..."
"Facebook in the middle east"
"How I feel when I'm told I need to get out of the house more"
"How i feel after a weekend of being on Reddit..."
"I know the feeling  Eric."
"I relate to this guy"
"Toroidal vortex"
"When my sister asks me if I've met someone yet."
"After falling in love with a stray kitten at my parents' house  my boyfriend just told me how deathly allergic he is."
"Every time I get a text"
"Whatcha thinkin bout?"
"All is fair in love and war .."
"I am Iron Man"
"Deadpool is a dick."
"I hereby baptize you..."
"Karma Siblings"
"Agent Dash was made for Redditors!"
"Just a guy going grocery shopping."
"Kinda reminds me of party boy from jackass"
"Seems legit...."
"Badass"
"Badass"
"On &quot;Taken 2&quot;"
"Badass"
"One rim to rule them all (x-post /r/bicycling)"
"My face after seeing hundreds of white legged Minnesotans wearing shorts on the first warm day after winter."
"Borrowed my guy friend's phone to google something when his browser history popped open..."
"Just realized I've been on reddit for one year now..."
"So my friends finally got me to watch 2 girls one cup  my reaction..."
"Why i don't play CoD anymore"
"PREPARE. TO FUCKING SALIVATE IN HAPPINESS."
"This makes me hungry! hash brownies! LOL"
"Go now  you're wasting time!"
"Well  what are you waiting for?"
"Religious right  you're moving to Canada if Obama gets reelected?"
"You got the wrong guy"
"Is his soul escaping at the end?"
"So honey  did you still want that salad?"
"Don't remember seeing anything like this on The Discovery Channel"
"Good going  America."
"'Merica [FB]"
"Non-fiction bible"
"Non-fiction version"
"When I see a girl out of my league"
"So many things right about this picture.."
"So close"
"How it feels trying to download something with pop-ups."
"The sad truth about dating [fixed]"
"I found this piece of garbage on another subreddit (which I still can't tell whether it's satire or not). Anyone want to help me fix it up so it's more realistic?"
"How is this physically possible?"
"My new dance move"
"When the keg runs out right before you get there"
"He knew what he was doing..."
"Facebook Timeline: Am I doing it right? [FIXED]"
"Do I want to update my phone with iOS6?"
"So this film exists......."
"The picture says it all... This movie just looks incredible"
"This is why I love Imgur random"
"I think it's time to get a car wash"
"How to tell if your gf is cheating."
"Thanks For The Tip..."
"Truth."
"Why I lose in any game."
"Amazing picture of wild love"
"Every day is a bad hair day"
"After I finish a blunt by myself"
"As soon as my mom leaves the house."
"Stephen Colbert mercilessly attacks innocent wildlife"
"Swagger!"
"Wilson!"
"True Colors"
"it's shit like this christians (xpost from /r/wtf)"
"Chill bear is chillin"
"My neighbour took these at the Haliburton  Ontario landfill. Comfy Bear is Comfy."
"My neighbour took these at the Haliburton  Ontario landfill. Comfy Bear is Comfy. (x-post r/pics)"
"One man's trash..."
"Portable Rocket Launcher"
"This Guy Seems Legit."
"So my 32 yr old uncle just shared this picture on facebook."
"Damnit Carl"
"Dammit  Carl."
"Hey Carl have you seen my blue..."
"Hey Carl!"
"Earlier anarchy  remember the movement's roots!"
"Need a ride? Hop in the other si...NOPE NOPE NOPE!"
"I think this sums it up"
"Apple vs Samsung  how it works..."
"Samsung's Mobile Division"
"Cell phones today"
"If Apple  Nokia And Samsung Were High School Students"
"If Apple  Nokia And Samsung Were High School Students  They'd Look Like This"
"If Apple  Nokia And Samsung Were High School Students"
"[Pic] Heed the wisdom of Dave Chappelle."
"Dave Chappelle on whores"
"Whenever my friend makes a funny racist joke  but doesn't say &quot;No Offense&quot;."
"When someone with less karma than me criticizes my post"
"When you makes a spelling and grammor errors on reddit as a joke"
"When someone says that my post is a repost even though it's OC"
"How I feel when I work hard on a post and it gets downvoted to hell."
"Emergency Defibrillator"
"Was this supposed to be a political photoshoot??"
"That ought to show them liberals!"
"Sweet beard bro..."
"Feeling down? Here's a picture of a shaved llama."
"So this looks unstable..."
"Check out my chickens."
"Chick magnet? Chick magnet!"
"Fapping after a family vacation"
"Well.... this happened"
"Who took my food?"
"Who took my food ?!!!"
"How I feel when someone down votes my first post on Reddit"
"True story"
"Thought of you."
"what I do when I know finals are coming around:"
"Still a picture that makes me laugh even all these years later"
"A WTF with a little explanation"
"True story..."
"Haiku Logic"
"Another victim claimed"
"Hanging out at High Ropes Forest  Germany"
"Ending of The Dark Knight Rises"
"October 1st. About 47 seconds past midnight"
"Link leads a traumatic life"
"Would ya look at that."
"Free Dishwasher!"
"Smashing"
"Best caption wins"
"How I feel with my new George Foreman grill."
"I was looking through my old yearbooks when I spotted this..."
"This made me feel better about being a chubby guy [FIXED]"
"A perfect lover."
"The perfect paint scheme for a smart. (Cross Post from r/autos)"
"This is my father and I  we just recently re-kindled out relationship after 18 years. Now he is in the hospital with kidney failure and most likely wont love much longer. How do you deal with loosing a loved one?"
"I think she's using this machine wrong."
"imgur: Things you see at the gym"
"Things you see at the gym"
"A day in the life of Todd"
"When ever my &quot;cool&quot; friends make fun of me for playing TF2."
"Hearing players complain about The Sniper"
"My favorite &quot;Deal With It&quot; gif"
"So I googled SECOND greatest picture and its way more epic than number one"
"Imagine your life if you hadn’t seen this."
"The Most Awesome Picture on the internet  according to google."
"Just stumbled upon this.."
"So I Googled 'best picture on the Internet' and this was the first result. I like it."
"Googled 'best picture on the internet'  this was number one...it is magnificent!"
"Googled 'best picture on the internet' and this was number one...it is magnificent!"
"THE best picture on the internet  according to google."
"Reddit + Crazy Cat Pictures = Instant Karma"
"Well  that explains everything"
"not really sure where this belongs...."
"Googled &quot;Greatest Picture on the Internet&quot;  was not disappointed..."
"Who needs a cat anyway? [Fixed]"
"I never thought of it that way...but this actually makes perfect cents."
"The New Yorker (Now Using Apple Maps)"
"MAD magazine jumps onto a dead horse"
"OANC"
"Overly Attached--wait  what?"
"Overly attached... Nicholas cage?"
"Under water bedroom: Poseidon Undersea Resort  Fiji."
"How twilight should have ended"
"Idea Conductivity"
"Newtons Piano Light Cradle"
"Childhood destroyed"
"Winnie the Sick Fuck"
"So my friend sent me this..."
"pedo pooh"
"My dick."
"My dick. (Wrongfully posted to r/WTF)"
"I always knew something was off about Pooh"
"Well that's a little disturbing..."
"Right in the childhood."
"So it's almost 12 o'clock and I just realized that its my cakeday  so because I'm a hard working person here's what I had saved in my phone."
"What a shit cannon ball"
"I think this is fake."
"Nothing to do here"
"BLAST OFF!"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"How I feel when I have a good post with +10 Link Karma  but then it somehow is at -7 Link Karma."
"Eyeballs."
"The shit people Facebook Email me."
"Can you do that as well? Gotta have a smooth face."
"I see you... Down there"
"This your brain on acid...."
"The only acceptable &quot;Duckface&quot;"
"How I feel when I think of a great comment after a post has already blown up."
"who doesn't love elephants and kittens?!"
"It's probably a repost  but it's still adorable."
"Sure fire way to get that V-card."
"Cool optical illusion: stare at the &quot;+&quot; and watch the circles change color &amp; disappear."
"Follow the 'moving' dot. Then stare at the cross in the middle. (Incredible optical illusion)."
"Focus on the cross."
"Greenland or Mordor?"
"Stratus Clouds - Greenland"
"Hey  I just met you..."
"Oh hey Alzheimers"
"This could happen to you  are you prepared?"
"this made me laugh a lot"
"When you've had one too many..."
"Any other 80s babies miss these?"
"I always wanted to do this..."
"Simba what the fuck did I JUST say?!"
"Pay attention  Simba."
"Lift your game  Simba"
"Real parents Lion King"
"Some kids just don't listen..."
"Well  it is Bash Atheism Day."
"My favorite meal of the day.."
"I wish the Advent series would start up again"
"Duck  Duck  ..."
"Shia Labeouf and Megan Fox"
"Shia Lebouf and Megan Fox xpost from r/funny"
"MFW I see my friends with neck tattoos and they ask me why they can't get a job"
"Deciding whether I really want to go to my 10 year High School reunion."
"When I look for a bright spot in a group of idiots"
"How I feel browsing an online dating website"
"Hanging out in space"
"Aaron Paul's cereal commercial from the '90s"
"Always be courteous"
"Just following the rules."
"Thought r/atheism would like this. Rorschach's got it figured out."
"Because the comic source is always better than the film"
"Another great Rorschach quote"
"Rorschach said it best"
"The ultimate friendship wrecker for Gamecube"
"How I thought getting to 1000 comment karma would be."
"Oh dear God that is not normal..."
"Cats are awesome!"
"Interesting face swap"
"Jellyfish"
"Chopping wood[NSFW]"
"Lumberjacks. Lumberjacks everywhere. NSFW"
"Perpkern"
"What happened to this beauty?"
"Check out this gem I came across while browsing imgur!"
"Amalgamation of Hotness. [SFW]"
"Jinkies!"
"He is lovin it..."
"Dave Chapelle's prediction for December 21  2012."
"Happy Family (NSFW)"
"wtf?"
"Googled 'pigtits'. WTF is the little girl doing?"
"Nudist Family. NSFW?"
"googled &quot;Murica  fuck yeah&quot;. wasn't disappointed."
"I see your Reagan on a raptor and raise you Abe Lincoln riding a Grizzly"
"Because God bless America"
"Happy Independence Day America  Fuck Yeah"
"Googled Abraham Lincoln. Wasn't disappointed."
"This is the answer to America's problems. 'Murcia."
"Epic picture"
"Nothing screams 'MURICA more than Honest Abe riding a grizzly bear."
"Military vehicles in Chernobyl"
"Accidental Anal"
"And older song but now relevant again"
"The imgur game can find some wierd stuff"
"We're always told to smile more. This is what I picture them seeing when they don't smile back.."
"As a male  how I feel browsing /r/LadyBoners"
"Everyone is posting pictures of sloths...This one tops them all!"
"Used to..."
"Saw this on Facebook... First pic I decided to submit"
"When you get to a job interview and they say they're not hiring anymore"
"How I feel on these windy fall days.."
"A mate dressed up as Mr Gangnam Style for Halloween - thought I'd make him move!"
"&lt; 88 MPH"
"For the Everyman."
"I'm sure we all had this look."
"...and then story time got weird. (FIXED)"
"This is humorous."
"Wu Tang Clan ain't nothin' to fuck with!"
"Humping robot"
"Call on me!"
"Romney condoms....."
"Help yourself to some imitation crab meat on your way out!"
"Something everyone is victim of"
"Early"
"I seem to have encountered a force field..."
"Priceless"
"cat + ? = funny"
"Trolling the cat."
"My attempts at getting to the frontpage"
"Cat door (o_o)"
"&quot;EGHFFFH... Wait  what?&quot;"
"&quot;What was Hitler's first name?&quot;"
"Colourful ants! Change colour after injesting different colour sugar water drops"
"I feel the same way watching Lisa Lampanelli doing a Roast on Comedy Central"
"Every scene in Insidious."
"Whenever a big one goes off."
"When I'm looking through a girl's Facebook and I realize I accidentally liked a picture from 2 years ago..."
"r/WTF going HAM? At first I was like...then I was like..."
"How I Feel The Entire USA Feels About The NFL At The Moment"
"Why you should not swallow your chewing gum"
"How I felt when Facebook automatically made my profile a timeline."
"Everyone in the class when our professor said what we were going over was supposed to be a review."
"Sitting next to my girlfriend while we both read the recent 'cheaters' thread"
"Me and my girlfriend when we were reading the recent 'cheating' thread together"
"Evil Bob Ross"
"Only one man can paint such a masterpiece."
"Guess I never saw this episode..."
"Scumbag Employer"
"Aziz...Light"
"A pug with full rein..."
"Spiderman escapes from Sandy"
"Every time my highschool teachers assign reading"
"When someone posts something with more than five panels."
"This was almost too easy"
"Microscopic sand"
"A microscopic image of sand"
"Beach sand under an electron microscope"
"All over the grill"
"I'm sure glad I don't have OCD."
"What is it puppy?"
"Beautiful Cloud Formation - Northern Ontario"
"They have people hands!"
"Nyan-Cat Eat Your Heart Out..."
"Just Hitler riding a rainbow sled..."
"Toboggan  anyone?"
"How I feel after drinking those 500mL Red Bull cans. For hours."
"I searched moth penis  this came up..."
"Fudge Mittens"
"How I feel wearing pants and being at work a couple days after my vasectomy"
"Decisions decisions.."
"How I feel when I win an argument"
"How I feel being the only IT guy on staff today"
"Whenever I get picked as group leader."
"Swiping the debit card the day before payday"
"Every time I catch a pokemon…[first]"
"When I see a friend at the bar finally pick up a girl"
"Sleepy otters"
"Homophobia"
"Stuck In The Middle"
"I Need An Adult..."
"Well that was.. unexpected"
"Tried the random imgur challenge  and...."
"Got a problem with that?"
"back in the office the morning after the holiday break"
"After my roommate and I packed and rearranged our dorm to its original setup so we can move out"
"After missing the last the last few hours on r/gaming..."
"Going on r/gaming today"
"How I felt today  my first day back at work after two weeks vacation."
"As a European looking at all these NFL posts"
"Logging into World of Warcraft after having not played since Vanilla..."
"not again!"
"I've been in meetings all morning...."
"..don't get me started with Redditors Wife"
"After getting out of a full day of classes..."
"COME AT... COME AT ME BRO!"
"Made me feel very happy."
"Me leaving work today."
"excuse me!"
"Almost killed my family this morning."
"Just one episode. Please?"
"My smashing collection"
"This should be here instead. (X-post from r/funny)"
"I found out how upvotes are made..."
"I love stairs. [NSFW]"
"Dream room as a kid."
"I thought the Walking Dead was going to be safe for my children to watch...now this."
"I'm ready for the all Black Ops II posts"
"Me too  Snoopy. Me too..."
"banksy"
"Oh the feeling of corn."
"His lesser known maternal side."
"That's 100g right there."
"Just cruising down 142nd St... oh hai."
"Looters spotted in NY as a result of Hurricane Sandy. ~Source unknown"
"How I feel when I get 300 up-votes on a comment."
"Little House on the River  Bavaria"
"Picture of the Black Forest in Germany by Mathias Rehberg [2560 x 1600]"
"Picture of a cabin near the Black Forest region in Germany. A very peaceful place to live."
"Scumbag Tap"
"You make me angry."
"Disco spider has smooth moves"
"Tighten those buns!"
"I work out."
"How to troll a spider"
"Dancing with myself!"
"Whenever I see myself on a security camera [FIXED]"
"Psychosocial Spider"
"I throw my legs up in the air sometimes..."
"What have I done?"
"The second I feel spider web silk touch my skin."
"How I feel being the only white kid in a group of hispanics when Spanish music plays.."
"Boss left early  Time to..."
"Non-gif of Obama reading &quot;Where the Wild Things Are&quot;"
"Obama Tells a Story"
"I found him."
"The bastard was hiding at Texas A&amp;M the whole time...[Cross-post from r/CFB]"
"These fucking things are the bane of my existance...."
"Who else is tormented by these fucking things?"
"Eye Floaters: 90% of class time spent chasing them to no end"
"I hear Pizza Hut has great Italian food."
"The citizens of Rockford  IL have spoken."
"Atheist drive-through"
"Will this be enough?"
"This is not what I ordered"
"The Weather Channel has decided it will name winterstorms. Look at what it will name if we in the USA get to G."
"The Weather Channel has decided it will name winter storms. Look at what it will name if we in the USA gets to K and Q."
"The Weather Channel has decided it will name winter storms. A lot of you will like &quot;Storm Draco.&quot; (cross-post)"
"This winter  we must face Gandolf as a winter storm"
"I guess the Weather Channel thought that hurricane names were too boring?"
"Weather Channel to name winter storms like hurricanes; allows summer interns to choose names. KHAAAAAAAN!!!"
"A blizzard is never late  nor is it early. It arrives exactly when it means to."
"In memory of the Crocodile Hunter  six years ago today  thanks for making my childhood great"
"RIP Steve Irwin. September 4  2006."
"Swedish McDonalds"
"Oh you know  Anderson Cooper being a bad ass."
"Just Anderson Cooper being a bad ass."
"A cat beard that pleases all"
"Buzzted..."
"Cat in a bee suit."
"I sat next to this dog in the Walgreens parking lot for 5 minutes..."
"When I was younger I loved this show  consequentially my mother had to stop taking me with her to the grocery."
"If you say you didn't want to be on this show..you're lying."
"How I felt after realizing I missed my cake day"
"THANKS FOR REMINDING ME - Imgur"
"FUCKING CRUMBS."
"Let Them Eat Crumbs!!"
"This close  they always look like landscape. But nope  you're looking at balls."
"White House Operation Geronimo photo - what we were all thinking..."
"Say what you will  this administration is fashionable."
"Oh my!"
"I convinced my grandmother that I intern at the White House."
"My friends convinced me to text the girl I like and ask her out. This is what the room looked like while we were waiting for her response:"
"Found this gem at a local diamond exchange..."
"Came across this gem on Google"
"Just found this gem  thought you guys would like it."
"Every time I get into the shower with my wife[Fixed]"
"Just two baby elephants in a pool"
"Ultimate Christmas Tree!"
"A proper Aperture Christmas [Portal]"
"Merry Portal Christmas!"
"There's a glitch in the Matrix"
"This speaks for its self."
"You guys will appreciate this. Happy holidays!"
"Christmas Tree - Portal style (compliments from Facebook group 'I fucking love science')"
"Keep trying"
"Like father  like... son?"
"Cats are freaking weird. I try to avoid them whenever possible."
"Twins"
"When you're trimming yourself and accidentally nick your scrotum"
"MFW I'm watching Planet Earth and the wolf catches the lamb"
"Pretty accurate"
"How it feels running a business with family (sometimes)..."
"Saw this Derpina today. Nice meme dress!"
"Stop."
"Meme Dress. The internet is leaking."
"Sometimes it's just too easy."
"SANDWICH BITCH OWNED LOL!"
"If the stork brings them I guess that means... Abortion raven."
"Every time i leave the room my dog..."
"My sister fell asleep while she was reading a magazine..."
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"If you survive  where would you go? (portal)"
"Portal Concepts Repeatedly Blows my Mind!"
"The BEST cat gif I have seen EVER"
"MC Cat"
"Vanilla cat"
"ASAP Kitty"
"Now THIS will help me on my history test!"
"Caricature map of Europe in WWI"
"Marketing at its finest."
"You cannot defeat this weapon."
"Level of Serious: Child punching"
"Googled &quot;how to get upvotes&quot;  first result"
"Business Cat has a vision"
"No matter how many times I look at this  I always laugh"
"Hold all my calls"
"C &amp; H"
"The Upward Thrust."
"Rob gets the party starting"
"My newest favorite optical illusion - Flashed Face Distortion"
"awesome facial distortion"
"It was the 90s  man."
"A Classic! Starring Jennifer Aniston and Matthew Perry"
"CatDog  now a reality"
"Catholics and Presbyterians really have different views about heaven"
"This small child... I have no words"
"Mmmm. I can just taste all that juicy Bieber goodness."
"I prefer it was actually his head!"
"Only in Math."
"Oh nein you didn't!"
"My childhood is now ruined......"
"Iron Man"
"How I feel when I see a heartbreaking post on reddit."
"Damn  he chose the wrong person to rob."
"Still my favorite gif of all time"
"Mugger fail"
"Snatch my purse and die."
"Lol Nope"
"I don't wanna get old"
"When a video is unavailable in my country"
"Oh this is the wrong subreddit for this?"
"So i misspelled something on a post.."
"The best of friends."
"three ''grumpy cat'' moon (1920x1080)"
"Which one of you magnificent bastards done this?"
"My GF when I try to play games..."
"Apparently proving atheists wrong. NO  JUST NO!"
"Close up shop guys. Atheism has been disproved  be science!"
"Oh.... You got us.... We've just been joking.... (OP needs to learn how to science)"
"When I See Those Hidden Posts at the End of the Comments Page"
"Don't ask."
"FINALLY BEAT THIS  a burden that has existed since childhood now lifted!"
"Best zombie game ever?"
"How my dad said he felt on his B-Day"
"Big bear hugs!"
"Aweeeeee WTF"
"Cute kitty with her toy."
"Only a good friend could get away with this much teasing"
"Car destroys dog"
"Oh Steam... Gets me every time!"
"No Gimli!"
"Every time i apply deodorant."
"This made me laugh harder then it probably should have."
"Poloroid recursion"
"Polaroid Power!"
"0:00"
"Tard gets the holiday spirit."
"It's November........."
"grumpy cat on Christmas."
"For my cake day  I present to you one of my favorite gifs (yes it involves a cat)"
"&quot;Throwing poo  it's not a good look&quot; (xpost from r/northernireland)"
"Really? When was the last time anyone did this?"
"Belfast's anti-drugs campaign"
"According to this PSA  Belfast has a unique set of problems..."
"Put. It. Down."
"Googled &quot;Girl eat girl&quot; and this picture... (SFW)"
"Om Nom Nom Breakfast..."
"Seems reasonable"
"Oh shit  this is my song!!"
"Today is my day off. This is how I feel."
"Getting excited in the back seat  that is all."
"My cakeday AMA has been a success??"
"I discovered League of Legends today..."
"When I found out my college town was getting a Chipotle.."
"HIF getting 5 upvotes in 5 minutes"
"how i feel when the status of my job application changes to &quot;under consideration&quot;"
"Me when I saw Louis CK coming to my city"
"My reaction to the little link karma I realized I just got &gt;.&lt;"
"When Something I Upvote In /new makes the front page"
"Gotta Get Dat-"
"Stephen Colbert referenced Reddit!"
"First time fingering a girl"
"How I Felt While Watching Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter"
"Japanese Bagelheads. What. The. Actual. Fuck."
"Soft Taco (NSFW)"
"AINSLEY."
"Meat curtains"
"Kicking a sign"
"I just realized my cakeday falls on a very important holiday... Happy Leif Erikson Day! Hinga dinga dergin..."
"Tips to stay out of jail"
"I'm sure this has been seen  but it's so true it's funny!"
"Kid desperately trying to get Megan Fox's attention"
"She looks pleased to recieve a rose."
"An amazing picture"
"Yolo? James Bond is not impressed"
"Talk about luck  I was desperate to rest my legs."
"Austria’s Green Lake  only so for 6 months of the year due to melt water."
"Igor  come"
"Who names your kid something like that?"
"My new lawn guy takes pride in his work"
"Keepin' it classy in the cheese aisle (xpost r/funny)"
"Say cheese!"
"Maneki-neko IRL"
"Rollin like a BIG shot"
"How do you even drive that thing?"
"Seems a bit excessive..."
"MERICA!"
"As a child  this was the scariest thing I had ever seen"
"Onward my steed"
"Open the present to see how many f*cks are given..."
"Hey Reddit  I bought you guys something. I hope you like it."
"Never forget who the *REAL* badass was"
"Teddy Roosevelt on a moose. That is all."
"Teddy Roosevelt riding a Moose"
"Just chillin'"
"Actually  everyone has been reading the same newspaper."
"It's not just Ed O'Neil reading the same newspaper..."
"Al Bundy? Amateur."
"About that newspaper..."
"Ed O'Neill isn't the only one reading the same paper.."
"Everyone Else's Reaction to Tommy Lee Jones' Reaction..."
"Went for a quick run on campus  needless to say I wasn't disappointed."
"Sorry if my atheism offends you  but..."
"I feel you Drake  I feel you"
"Best rage gif ever"
"donald disrespects bro"
"When my dad wants to drug test me after avoiding him for months. . ."
"Get a room."
"i can has water?"
"He was just begging to be on Reddit."
"Come at me bro!"
"Student of the year."
"So that's where Ludacris was talking about."
"in da picture"
"Do what it takes for my 15 minutes of fame"
"Do what it takes for my 15 minutes of fame"
"Don't worry honey  I got this."
"Father of the year"
"That feeling"
"Pedal Bike Snowplow"
"Her other half"
"that awkward moment when you don't trust the mirrors.."
"Hewoh?"
"Couch potato"
"This Is Sure To Attract All The Ladies On Campus.."
"missed it by that much"
"name the two &quot;people&quot; in this photo"
"Life Goals"
"How to identify a meth lab"
"Lab Breeds"
"You'll taste quite nice with some fava beans and a nice chianti."
"John Went"
"Names that tell stories."
"Not coming out."
"I want to hug this walrus."
"It's someone's real life cake day!"
"watwatwatwatwatwat?!?!?!?!"
"Aww  isn't that cute..... GAAAAAAAAAHHHHH"
"What...The...Fuck...."
"Centipedes in my what...."
"Found this while browsing... Dat face."
"Fairly new to reddit  and got a comment on one of my posts for the first time..."
"Now Leaving Bikini Bottom"
"Why do you believe in god?"
"Why do you believe in God?"
"Employee of the Month"
"Personally  I think he deserves a promotion"
"Coming to an arcade near you."
"Trying to down vote anything with cats on Reddit"
"I wish my Kitten would do this"
"When someone tries to start a conversation with me about NFL..."
"If Drive was set in the Mushroom Kingdom  it'd still be badass."
"Forget Ryan Gosling in Drive. Check out Mario in Kart"
"If you have a PS3  please  play Journey. Maybe the best game I've ever played."
"This game just came out and deserves real recognition"
"Who designed this?"
"Kitty likes his tummy rubbed"
"Cannot. Handle. Cuteness."
"For the love of god stop doing that!"
"When the cashier next to me sees me shut the cash draw with a hip thrust"
"This kid knows what's Up"
"too much awww"
"Probably a repost  but still one of my favorite pictures of all time."
"Benjamin Button made by Pixar"
"Up"
"Cutest Halloween Costume Ever"
"Cute baby Halloween costume"
"Really? Terrorism now too?"
"I see your epic night sky and raise you an epic night walk"
"Stairway to heaven. by Thomas Zimmer."
"The Milky Way shot from the North Sea cost"
"Looking at girl's group profile pics"
"Girlfriend says &quot;I have a surprise for you tomorrow&quot;"
"Every time someone points an elastic band at me."
"Every time at the eye doctors"
"When I text my girlfriend what her reddit S/N is and takes forever to reply."
"First known picture of Michael Phelps"
"First known picture of Michael Phelps."
"Still waiting on a sequel for this game"
"Too soon?"
"Soon..."
"soon..."
"I cleaned my toothbrush cup for the first time today  and I wish I had taken a picture of the nasty shit caked on the inside. When's the last time you cleaned yours? I'd love to see someone else's."
"When you see it... You'll be mildly amused."
"When you see it..."
"The Mighty Thorgi!"
"Thorgi: Dog of thunder"
"I laughed much more than I should"
"Grand Theft Auto: Jerusalem"
"Look of Approval"
"Doin' shit you ain't supposed to"
"Doing shit you ain't supposed to do..."
"Fancy Cat"
"Barbie has unrealistic body proportions"
"Google'd &quot;Upvote&quot;. Was not disapointed"
"What You See vs. What Animals See"
"Classic Grandma Humor"
"Overly Attached...Wah?"
"Google Street View delivers"
"obligatory Buddhism repost."
"I whip my hair......OH GOD"
"What Michael Jackson Was Supposed to Look like in 2000"
"Woman love to see you drill yourself"
"Apply directly to the head."
"This guy is out of his mind. Literally"
"Found this while studying for my Art History final... ಠ_ಠ"
"Whole lot of NOPE."
"Nope! No! Hell no!"
"Run...run for your lives."
"Free Piggyback Rides!"
"Not sure if this would fit AWW or WTF. The wolf spider is the only species of spider that carries its offspring this way. Thanks to &quot;I fucking love science&quot; on FB"
"Nope no no no no AHHH HELL NO not even fire could kill it"
"solid advice"
"Wife was having a bad day made this for her in about 10 mins. Niel D. Tyson and Niel Pat. Harris riding a kitty."
"How I feel after reaching 2k Link Karma"
"How I imagine my first major interview will go"
"Finland...Fuck yeah."
"Finland  you are officially more badass than Australia."
"I said NO!"
"Girl rats out brother  brother gets REVENGE!!"
"Electric fence"
"Sea horses"
"Spread that shit"
"my dad is either a bad ass...or a bad parent."
"Needlepoint is so relaxing..."
"Seriously spooky gif"
"whenever i see a page-long pun-train in the comments section"
"always upvote"
"The dangers of pornography (SFW)"
"relaxin' by the pool"
"Pardon me  could you hold this for a moment?(nsfw)"
"My friend finally made it to the front page"
"No sudden movements... or they'll know."
"Almost a million godless redditors. This is what I feel like."
"When I hear my favorite song come on  on the radio [fixed]"
"When I found out there was a latinas subreddit"
"When I got my first upvote ever..."
"How I feel every time I get an upvote"
"how i felt getting my first 3 karma."
"When I receive 4 upvotes within a minute of posting something."
"As a heterosexual male  this was my reaction when I heard that Beyonce was performing at the Superbowl halftime show"
"How I feel when I see my comment karma has reached 2!"
"How /r/politics feels right now..."
"r/politics right now"
"Say Cheese!"
"Obama knows how to throw down"
"CAN WE GET AN ANIMALS THAT LOOK HIGH THREAD GOIN HERE?"
"Puglia's cave restaurants and bars  Italy."
"A Three Hour Tour... [gif]"
"Sky + tree"
"Llama surfing"
"It looks like the llama is doing all the work"
"My friend's cat is named &quot;Murderface&quot; and I can see why!"
"Look at all the things the Ents can teach:)"
"Jupiter sure is beautiful."
"Let's not turn this..."
"camouflage practice"
"Oohrah."
"I watch it for the plot"
"I watch it for the plot"
"I watch it for the plot"
"Tuesdays gonna be a hot one..."
"Good morn... nope."
"How I feel when my posts hit the front page"
"HIFW seeing 4 of my favorite bands in one week at two separate concerts"
"Alot of pumpkin?"
"Saw this today  couldn't help but laugh."
"My personal favourite face swap I've seen lately"
"The new Miley"
"Still one of my favorite face swaps"
"Thought I was high for a second there"
"Perspective"
"My sentiments exactly."
"Fuck YOLO. Fuck Swag. I'm livin' my life GANGNAM STYLE"
"How it feels to be downvoted on your first Reddit post"
"Realization."
"Unimpressed Slave on college"
"Wtf! Get out of my way!"
"best animal ever"
"My brother just literally just said this. Note: My mom left me and my brother for 2 weeks and we had a discussion about the missing food in the fridge"
"I don't know about you guys  but I would love to see a remake of this game."
"Peekaboo"
"Equal distribution of puppy naps."
"The Church of the Smiling Vagina - Stand up comedy from Jamie Kilstein"
"Anytime you need to pull a MacGyver"
"The greatest cock"
"Where is your god now?"
"Why does this exist?"
"Just wait till we get home Cindy. Nah mom  I'll just go outside. It's cool."
"no words for this (xpost from r/funny)"
"There is no words"
"if i fits i... wat?"
"My friend said this while we were gaming  so i made a picture!"
"The original hunger games"
"FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY"
"Looking to buy a good pair of headphones? Use this image."
"BIFL Headphones Graphic (x-post r/LifeProTips)"
"Good value headphones infographic (x-post /r/LifeProTips)"
"This is the final countdown!"
"when I see an OK post with only 1 upvote"
"Every time I get a laugh out of a reddit comment I didn't see coming."
"It's simple..you do this before leaving."
"Upvoting Someone From Zero"
"When my mother said that Weeds was the best drug-related show on TV"
"My dad tried to check my Internet history while I wasn't looking."
"What immediately popped into my head when I heard all that methanol caught fire"
"Jewel Caterpillar"
"This is almost the perfect picture."
"The season finale of Wilfred (US Version)"
"My reaction whenever I go to poop at work and only the middle stall is open"
"Signing onto Facebook this morning"
"What if feels like trying to leave Reddit."
"Entering a Rebecca Watson discussion in r/atheism"
"just discovered r/popping"
"When I see my ex at a party..."
"What I do when I find my stalker on facebook."
"Me after walking to my local basketball court and seeing 4 black guys dunking."
"Whenever I enter a thread that consists of long posts with users quoting each other's arguments"
"When I click on a link in a comment and see that its a youtube video"
"Whenever I see a whenever I see post"
"Accidentally Stumbling into r/Atheism for the first time"
"Whenever I log on Diablo 3"
"Me when I first went to r/spacedicks"
"Arriving to class late and realizing that we have a sub"
"My reaction when I go into the bathroom at work ready to take a big dump only to see someone else already occupying one of the stalls."
"A good way to drum up business in more ways than one..."
"Nice try  funeral home."
"Flint igniting a fire"
"For those about to burn"
"Whole Grain"
"What's wrong with you?"
"Nailed it"
"A bad time indeed..."
"Servers are always down on launch day. Just dont do it."
"What I have discovered after seeing all of the FB posts."
"I found this out the hard way"
"Ski instructor"
"I am having a tough time learning this lesson. Anyone else?"
"If you don't read the title"
"So my proff. Said this today in class and had to make a meme"
"A word of caution."
"Halo 4 in a nutshell."
"When my parents have company over."
"Japanese love story"
"How every encounter with a girl ends for me"
"The Goliath Tiger Fish... Never going into another body of water again"
"Megapiranha in real life."
"How I imagine people on r/WTF"
"What The Actual Fuck?!"
"How I feel posting comments on a front-page submission."
"Hobo level: 99"
"Like a boss"
"And on that day  not a single fuck was given."
"Whenever i try to remember something."
"In an accounting class  how I felt when 2 people wouldn't stop asking questions every 2 minutes."
"When my post gets its first couple of upvotes..."
"How I feel every time I get an upvote"
"Every time I click a &quot;When you see it...&quot; post."
"Accidentally clicking a link tagged for gore"
"Decided to check out the Snooki pics"
"Those eyes"
"I know the feeling  Tarzan"
"Carved Crayons."
"Draw me like one of your French girls [FIXED]"
"Why Birds Don't Fly Away"
"I would much rather have this guy as president than Michele Bachmann"
"How I feel when none of my friends reply"
"[Incredibly NSFW] The Mounted police hard at work!"
"oh oh oh!!"
"So my mom sends me this picture in an email today..."
"Jurgen never quite got the whole Nazi thing"
"D-Day."
"Remember D-Day."
"Unloading Supplies after the Invasion of Normandy"
"Kidnap?"
"Kidnap?"
"Kidnap?"
"Umm whatever you say"
"Always gets me"
"Me meeting nph I was so excited"
"Lighter side of war"
"Pie in the hole!"
"Band of clowns"
"How to be a hero"
"American History X on Kinect"
"American history X - The game"
"She's not  I checked."
"Every time someone asks me why I know pointless facts or creepy information..."
"When people ask me why I'm so smart."
"Rare glimpse into the life of the Beatles: John Lennon Snorting Coke"
"Snortin' some coke."
"Batman on an elephant."
"I see your frozen Canadian horses and give you a partly decomposed frozen elk"
"Really?!??!... i don't think that's right......"
"Regarding the whatdoestheinternetthink? posts"
"Trust me  I know."
"The algorithm they use must be very shitty..."
"On the edge of the Earth."
"NOPE"
"Be careful not to slip."
"Historia de arte"
"History of Art for Redditors"
"The History of Man"
"Remember the joy of seeing this for the first time?"
"Battle Royale"
"The original!"
"How I feel after clicking on my first link on reddit for the day."
"My brain during finals week."
"My 13 Year Old Sister Sent Me This While She Was Supposed to be Doing a Project"
"My #1 favorite thing to do in college"
"You first."
"please save me from the bullies"
"I burned my finger [x-post from /r/mildyinteresting]"
"I started a new job at a K-5 elementary school as a Tech Assistant. Found out today that I also have to supervise the children in the computer lab."
"I’ve invited two mortal enemies to game night."
"My phys. ed teacher had my class run a mile first day. I started off at a pretty fast pace  but after the first quarter mile  this is what I was thinking to myself..."
"After watching a horror movie &quot;based on true events&quot;"
"Remembering Spotify shares what you play after listening to  &quot;Ironic&quot; by Alanis Morissette. I am a male."
"Parkinsons Disease is not a laughing matter..."
"....parkinsons. Cross post from r/gifs"
"HARDCORE PARKOUR!"
"me avoiding political discussions"
"hello..turkey?!"
"Who doesn't want Hello Kitty stuffed in a turkey for thanksgiving"
"What a cute Hello Kit...WHAT?"
"I Request A Dance Worthy of a Gentleman..."
"Staying up with the times"
"If your over 21  or telling the truth. I'm sure we have all woken up like this a few times too many."
"How i feel waking up at a friends house"
"Me not being a sports person  then getting on reddit and seeing lots of stuff about the bad NFL referee..."
"I keep forgetting I'm in the colonies (x-post /r/ funny)"
"I forgot"
"Oh  mercy me!"
"I keep forgetting I'm in the colonies! [X Post from r/funny]"
"Smells like ass..."
"Wait  what?! Suddenly I feel like watching game shows."
"BatFact #42"
"I have no clue what the point was supposed to be."
"Fuck you  I'm a sign."
"Trololol"
"Cyclist fail"
"Facebook gets makeover  Google+ is open to public... (Repost)"
"I'm late! I'm la- OH SHIT OH SHIT OH SHIT!"
"Run  Neo."
"The guy who was supposed to be my roommate switched dorms to be closer to a church. I feel like this guy."
"Walk this way ..."
"Shadows"
"He could really use an iPod..."
"Fuck ipods"
"Ghetto Music Player: Doin' it right"
"I want to know what he's listening to"
"Desperate times"
"iPods are so mainstream..."
"The new fad"
"Crazy ex keeps trying to contact me..."
"Deal with it: Summer Pussy Edition"
"The humiliation is too overwhelming"
"the hero reddit needs"
"The humiliation is too overwhelming"
"see ya later"
"Oh  advertisements..."
"Can someone please take this gif and put a goose where the cat is?"
"That's not creepy..."
"Troll Dentist/the craziest thing to see before the laughing gas sets in."
"Looking at today's front page...."
"Me watching the team women's gymnastics with my American friends (I am Romanian)"
"A young Nathan Explosion"
"As a person with full blown mania  this is how I look being told to work over time the day 'Dishonored' came out."
"Technology these days..."
"Im starting to feel like this more and more"
"COME AT ME BRO"
"Needs a good title"
"... What?"
"What it feels like to win an argument on the internet"
"POW! Right in the kisser!"
"You have defeated the Wife monster! +100XP - LEVEL UP!"
"This is an actual photograph of a star going supernova  taken by the Hubble Telescope"
"...After 2am burritos."
"From PICS to here"
"My reaction after accidently putting Icy Hot on my scrotum"
"Told a girl I like her  she hasn't really talked to me since"
"How I am currently feeling about participating in Movember..."
"Presents"
"Friendly kitty."
"It's all right"
"Cuddles"
"This is all I can think whenever I see an r/gonewild post titled  &quot;Who wants to Fuck Me?&quot;"
"&quot;Who wants to see pics of Zooey Deschanel NAKED?????&quot;"
"When someone who has never read the books asks me who dies in Deathly Hallows:"
"When someone who has never read Game of Thrones asks me who dies."
"When posts begin with &quot;Does anyone else...  Who else...  Remember when... etc.&quot;"
"When someone doesn't use correct grammar:"
"Ace Ventura - Pet Detective"
"Just a photo from the beach"
"I must eat this. A nearly extinct type of strawberry is now being marketed in Europe. It is white in color and has deep-set red seeds. It tastes like a pineaple... so they call it a Pineberry. [pic]"
"Bismuth"
"I did a Google Image Search for &quot;Nicolas Cage Batman&quot; and this is what I found"
"My face when I wander into r/spacedicks."
"When my girlfriend began to say 'My period is late this month...'"
"Dogs vs Cats."
"Dogs vs. Cats [FIXED]"
"LSUfreek's &quot;Oppa Saban Style&quot;"
"LSU vs Alabama GANGNAM STYLE"
"My favorite gif in so many ways"
"Mark Twain quote satan."
"Tenants in Egypt complain of water shortage"
"How the hell did this camel get stuck on a balcony?"
"Posted a picture a year ago of a GMaps tricycle in Croatia. They posted one back recently"
"A year ago I posted a picture of a GMaps tricycle I saw in Croatia. Turns out the tricycle posted a picture of me!"
"Redditor takes pic of GMaps tricycle. GMaps returns the favour."
"Changing a Lightbulb"
"Re-posting because OP is a pussy and deleted it."
"Lightbulb Intervention"
"Baby Do's and Don'ts"
"Just a little guide for new parents out there."
"Baby Do's and Dont's  an illustrated guide"
"Homeless man gets 15 years in prison for stealing  then feeling bad and returning  $100. Meanwhile a man who essentially stole $3 000 000 000 gets 40 months."
"When anyone criticizes me for smoking the herb"
"Boat Crash Face Plant"
"Lick lick lick"
"Lick Lick Lick [Fixed]"
"Don't lay a finger on my Butterfinger"
"Grumpy Jeremy"
"I see the resemblance.."
"Strippers  JFK and Stalin"
"Internets"
"It fits...too much..."
"Canadian Bacon"
"Winter is coming..."
"My wallet is not safe..."
"The truth of Sean bean."
"A day before the big CERN announcement."
"One day until CERN annouces something significant."
"You know they're coming."
"[Meme] Brace Yourselves..."
"The attic rummaging has begun..."
"Brace Yourselves... (cross post from /r/teenagers)"
"Hi I'm a Mac! and I'm a Pc..."
"ball of kitten"
"That moment when you accidentaly hurt your cat."
"This is how I feel finding a 96% match on OKCupid"
"Guess which side in San Diego and which side is Tijuana."
"I tried the &quot;five random letters on imgur&quot; game and got this on the first one."
"Cart activated swag."
"Activate &quot;swag&quot;"
"How most Redditors probably think the universe was created"
"I don't know if you guys have seen this  but 1996 thinks it's awesome."
"Today's rap in a nutshell"
"You went full retard man..."
"Breaking the Clouds [1920x1200]"
"Yes  this gun is bigger than yours"
"I question you a mustache."
"Drugs anyone?"
"I have not seen many baby penguins  so here is one."
"Googled &quot;Furry Penguin&quot; well  he IS furry."
"Get that tail!"
"CATCH IT! [X-Post from r/Pokemon}"
"Charmander's a maniac."
"Awww  so cute."
"CATCH IT! [X-Post from r/Pokemon}"
"First time on gifsound. How did I do?"
"Super duper cute"
"Circular tube of fire"
"dusting off a old classic"
"Crystal Clear."
"Lets Taco Bout it!"
"I hate myself."
"Here's a great idea..."
"It's the subtle changes over the years..."
"well shit"
"So I was playing amnesia... This was the screenshot I took"
"Clicking a NSFW link and finding something NSFL."
"Anyone here?"
"Only photo of my grandpa that I have. It's in a pretty bad way but Reddit photo geniuses - can you help me out."
"fucking nickelback"
"Cocky"
"Bus vs. Bird"
"Epic pigeon is epic."
"Welp  missed my cakeday. gotta be tough.."
"New England Earthquake 2012"
"4.6 Earth Quake in New England"
"Stay Strong."
"Just Survived the New England Earthquake!!"
"So there was a small earthquake in my area; My uncle posted this on Facebook"
"Maine's first earthquake in a very long time..."
"We will rebuild"
"People from New England will understand..."
"So there was an earthquake in Maine today. We're all pretty shook up."
"I thought the potato was just a vegetable"
"I can referee"
"FUCK YOU"
"Hyperdontia - the condition of having supernumerary teeth"
"Some men..."
"Toad with parasite inside of eye."
"Toad with a parasite in its eye"
"5 out of 5 doctors agree."
"Someone. Is going. To die. Tonight."
"How I feel when a duplicate post gets more up votes than mine..."
"When I see a post I downvoted on /new on the front page"
"When a post I downvoted makes it to the front page"
"HATE ALL THE PEOPLES!"
"A mouse with a teddy bear. That is all."
"Maru2D2"
"If I fits  I sits (xpost from r/gifs.)"
"A tragic tale of one bat trapped within an infinite loop of regret."
"When my friend tells me we had homework the night before"
"Hearing my friends explain what happened while I was drunk."
"Cat in Russian snow"
"Cute cat is cute"
"Today is the day we take the stairs..."
"When somebody asks me if I'm responsible for a smelly fart."
"Keep being AWESOME!"
"QUICK! Power on the Karma turbine!"
"Spin it!"
"&quot;Skydiving doesn't make you cool...............&quot;"
"&quot;Make us so wet Lord!&quot;"
"Cleaning up my &quot;friends&quot; list. [FB]"
"Oh so you know how reddit works?"
"For people that set off fireworks on July 3rd"
"How I handle anyone while typing."
"How I feel as a NHL fan seeing posts about the NFL Ref Lockout"
"How I feel as a NHL fan seeing posts about the NFL Ref Lockout"
"A message to NFL fans from r/all"
"As advertised."
"Accurate tattoo."
"A funky little gifsound to keep your day going"
"Got a new computer at work. It has no blocks and is not monitored."
"Can I adopt you?"
"What a great young man with a huge heart"
"This guy."
"Searched Arnold Schwarzenegger [FIXED]"
"Searched Arnold Schwarzenegger  this wasn't what I was expecting to find."
"What a disturbing treat"
"Christian Bale"
"Sometimes you just need a stretch"
"Every time I see a fat chick with wings tattooed on her back.."
"Steve Jobs' Headstone"
"Rest in peace Steve Jobs"
"Thai Boxing - Dark Souls style"
"Hitler like this song"
"Corporatism  cronyism  call it what you will."
"If Web Browsers Could Talk"
"Horrific looking vegan hot dogs. If you like pics like this or the failed muffins then come join us on /r/shittyfoodporn for many more!"
"Wii U  Wii U  Wii U  Wii U"
"Happy Graduation!"
"Lick (pic)"
"A Giraffe licking a squirrel that is all"
"Found in a Scottish cubicle"
"My dog is ready for morning walk  I just want to tie it.."
"56 years of Tornado tracks"
"Map of U.S. tornado tracks from the last half century"
"Karma Whoring Circa 1988"
"It's amazing how far we've come with technology"
"Epic waves  epic ass. (NSFW)"
"Fuck you I'm a cat."
"Gettin' really tired of your shit"
"Obama dancing on a pizza. [X-post from /r/gifs]"
"This is a true 10."
"Imagine your life if you hadn't seen this."
"Meanwhile at the Viagra Laboratory..."
"Preview of No Fap September after 2 weeks"
"AAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY"
"Mortal combat disco"
"Have you ever seen a cat lounge around like this?"
"Portland  Maine-based photographer Caleb Charland frequently merges art and science with his photographic experiments involving electricity  fire  and magnetism."
"superheroes are not online"
"Hilarious pickup line"
"Hold your hand like this."
"A new one does not simply has arrived."
"A pumpkin mooned my friend last year."
"My grandma sent this in an email to me saying &quot;Happy Fall!&quot;"
"Tough day on the job..."
"Backdraft Launches Fireman"
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"Breaking up isn't hard to do."
"When I heard Community was coming back on the air.."
"more real Gamgam Style! wooo! sexyy"
"&quot;This &quot; writes photographer Yu Wu  &quot;was found beside a river in China. The small ant is biting the branch and holding the 'big' rock up in the air.&quot;"
"Can you ear me now?"
"Just an owl yawning."
"Don't you need a ramp or something?"
"WHY"
"Oh the humanity"
"Norway."
"Stop!"
"Just noticed the cake next to my name... I'm ready for karma."
"thats not what i meant"
"Why  I specialize in firing bows."
"I won't have my daughter bringing a black man into this house..."
"Wow."
"Please remember to be specific... although it doesn't always help."
"Kit has discovered a fun new game..."
"Cute Joey"
"A wallaby pulling toilet paper"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this."
"My office recently renovated their bathrooms - and they did it right..."
"How all bathrooms should be designed"
"At KFC Today"
"Dear Raising Cane's -- I don't think that phrase means what you think it means"
"I'm scared when I see shit like this"
"Nic Cage at his finest..."
"Best friends for life?"
"I googled &quot;Nicolas Cage is a gorilla&quot;. I was disappointed."
"Package for Josh Nichols"
"Incorgnito"
"Epic Backflip Maneuver Activate!"
"best back flip ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Best Back-Flip Ever!!!!! (X-POST from /r/funny)"
"Hurricanes from 1851 to present visualized"
"Every Hurricane Since 1851 Visualized"
"I finally tried some of those Dorito tacos from Taco Bell."
"Anytime I see another white person on the train in Japan..."
"When I pass someone on the highway with a car identical to mine..."
"My reaction when Obama won."
"My (estimated) 60-year-old professor said 'We have memes in language  and on the internet. There are new memes every day.'"
"Shorty shorts and white heels. (as seen in a local voting line)"
"So you think you know pokemon  pussy?"
"Magikarp Infographic!"
"Let's jump at the same time and take a photo!"
"Space shuttle Atlantis over the Bahamas prior to docking with the ISS"
"Space shuttle Atlantis over the Bahamas"
"The Space Shuttle Atlantis over the Bahamas  right before docking at the ISS."
"Bike race"
"How I feel posting on here lately.."
"When I'm driving the company truck"
"Pony dog"
"Oh how life has changed  signing off for a while..."
"Then and Now"
"mfw I woke up this morning. Wife likes to have the heater on while using a down duvet"
"Why you should never pass out before the others."
"So cute I can't even stand it"
"Little Bunny has a Friend"
"And yet no Kenobi facepalm..."
"Turkish Prime Minister on weekly cartoon magazine."
"The original Red Box!"
"Churchtank Type 8"
"Canada's new technology in the fight against drunk driving..."
"Go Home Pole  You're Drunk"
"Canada's adds new technology in the fight against drunk driving..."
"I'm not even trying anymore"
"snuggles"
"The epitome of cuteness."
"not a good enough reason for me to go to the gym"
"So it's my cake day and I can't find anything to post."
"Utter devastation caused by today's earthquake in DC."
"devastation of earthquake in washington DC. truly tragic"
"Damage from the DC earthquake"
"Devastation from today's DC earthquake"
"DC Earthquake Devastation"
"DC Earthquake Devastation"
"Devastation from the earthquake today in Delaware. Thankfully  no legs were broken."
"Never Forget DC. We will rebuild."
"Tropical Storm Issac: Never Forget"
"The Great Northeast Earthquake"
"How I feel about Sandy"
"Hurricane Sandy hits the UK"
"In light of the posts about Hurricane Sandy  I thought I should call attention to another recent East Coast disaster. WE WILL REBUILD"
"Captain Optimism vs. Pessimistic Man!"
"The best dog you'll see all day"
"From the message board on a website to find roommates at my school. Am I missing something?"
"Cat Lover..."
"When I look at the my midterms"
"Everything I see on /r/wtf"
"Chipmunk hiding from Kitty"
"This Emmy Season... seriously."
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
"How to write good."
"Personal sized swimming pool!"
"The Art of Tongue"
"Slit tongue."
"Better watch your back  Bryce Drew."
"Quite the jump.."
"Pure Adrenaline Rush! [Warning: Not for Acrophobics]"
"Mario  Why Would You Do That?!"
"Military Training"
"Repost for the Re-election!"
"To Romney/Ryan"
"I've been saving this."
"My chicken tender was inappropriate looking"
"That must have been one big rooster"
"That must have been one big rooster"
"The smiley face of religion"
"But how else can you show love?"
"Every time anything I submit gets upvotes..."
"The Most American Photo Ever [FIXED]"
"This is what happens if you take both the blue and red pill!"
"The Revolutionary iPhone 5"
"I feel like this will be me one day with all of the games I've collected and haven't played."
"When I realize the ruler is backwards."
"Mind-Blowing Look at Greta oto  the Translucent Glasswinged Butterfly"
"Pretty Butterfly"
"This Almost Doesn't Look Real"
"Terraced Rice Field in Yunnan  China"
"rice fields in china"
"So true for every guy in some point of his life"
"Cat Facts!"
"My favourite fancy dress picture ever."
"Raising em right (x-post r/funny)"
"My mind at the end of the school day."
"Found on my fb with a caption of  '10 000 likes = 1 prayer'"
"What a friend"
"&quot;Do you give a fuck?&quot; &quot;No  do you?&quot; &quot;No.&quot;"
"Shut the fuck up Tony."
"Shaun White's reaction to marijuana"
"No no... Oops  hell yeah!"
"Wearing my Mom's sunglasses as a kid"
"But these are for girls..."
"Holy Crap!"
"Dickhead (sfw)"
"What a dickhead"
"This guy looks like a real dickhead."
"This cannot be true."
"This Gives A New Meaning to Dick Head"
"Imagine the discarded foreskin"
"Wiener Dog?"
"Puppies are the cutest!"
"It is not what you think it is"
"Just my dog being a dick"
"What's soft  pink and enjoys a good petting?"
"North Korea's latest rocket launch attempt. They seem pleased with the results."
"BREAKING: New footage of North Korean Rocket Launch (GIF)"
"North Korea launches rocket [FIXED]"
"Korean Missile Launch is a Success"
"What actually happened in North Korea"
"Moving On"
"How a catepillar moves"
"Today I was asked how I felt on 9/11. This popped into my head."
"How i feel today"
"PROOF that 9/11 was an inside jorb!!!111!!!Eleeven!!"
"Me being from New York  and seeing all these post about us not having power."
"Nice resting spot."
"So I searched for Awkward Reddit in google images and this is the first think that came up"
"[nsfw] that's strong dedication right there..."
"i can has?"
"Amazing baseball bat trick"
"who wants some tickle time!?"
"Does anyone else notice the similarity between civil and gay rights?"
"Trick Question"
"My reaction when I found out there is going to be another Star Wars trilogy."
"See Through Toaster"
"Playing Outside"
"Go outside and play"
"I'm sure all you gamers can relate!"
"The weather is great today and I have wireless"
"lake of fire"
"Dual income no kids. DINK"
"Money can buy happiness sometimes! (x-post r/funny)"
"Single income no kids no Wife. SINKNW"
"Dual income no kids. DINK [Anti Chick-fil-A edition]"
"Reddit's fantasies have met"
"Rocky jr"
"When I only study for fifteen minutes and think I’ll do fine on an important test"
"Alcohol of this quality only shows up every four years"
"What r/politics will be drinking tonight"
"Black Swan"
"Jim Carrey  Black Swan"
"Don't Flinch..."
"If anyone else had as much swag as Kobe  they would go insane"
"After Kobe's recent retirement news  let's take a look at one of his most gangsta moments."
"Russians don't get enough credit for thinking outside the box."
"Phear the Doginator!!!!"
"Mecha lassie will destroy us all"
"What your fingernail length says about you"
"Saw this on 'funny'  found us in there..."
"Every title I could think of made me feel guilty/racist. I laughed anyway."
"So i was pretty bored..."
"Friend post this on facebook. Made me laugh but WTF"
"My wife and me."
"Ichthyologist and a Black Whale... wait what!?"
"Let's go for a swim"
"An incredibly lucky shot  this is not edited. 30 seconds sooner or later I would've missed it."
"Boy  SeaWorld has certainly changed their main attractions up"
"Where Do i Get One?"
"Oh what a lovely day for te-OH NO!"
"Well that got a reaction!"
"Well that got a reaction!"
"Cakedays are like Nuclear power-plants..."
"Wtf Beast Boy?!"
"Obey the rules [x-post from r/Finland]"
"but are you experienced?"
"How I feel as a 23 y/o with my friends getting married...[FIXED]"
"Sometimes I weep for the fate of mankind."
"I'll never understand 13 year old girls."
"Call me a pseudo-penguin if you want to. Haters gonna hate anyway."
"Little Idiot Puffin"
"Two Cute dogs"
"Boop."
"Is it Worth it?"
"Oh Katy"
"Katy Perry in the rain"
"Making a sexy gif just that little bit sexier."
"No title necessary."
"Finding out that my cake day is on Sept. 11th"
"I don't just hustle  I puffle"
"Trying out my friend's new vape."
"Natural Selection Makes Me Smarter"
"Makes so much sense it hurts."
"Beer Philosophy"
"Saw this on Facebook. Thought it was some brilliant reasoning."
"Googled Nicolas Cage was not disappointed"
"Compliments to the chef"
"Oh  stop it you!"
"&quot;This food is delicious!&quot;"
"So I Googled &quot;something missing&quot;..."
"Hip Grandpa"
"Greek police thwarted Santa Claus who was attempting to blockade parliament."
"Benny Hill Refs"
"Schrodinger's Football"
"Found this when I was going random. Um... OK."
"Pretty much sums up /r/aww"
"Meanwhile in Germany.."
"Go Time"
"Not ba... wait"
"Brilliant face swap"
"Bubbles! Bubbles  Bubbles  Bubbles!"
"Cookie Monster."
"Trying to post in a major subreddit"
"Mittens finally lands a paying gig"
"A redditor's taylor"
"The sad truth."
"Found this beauty at my school"
"Found out my school has some interesting alumni"
"You got a cat that mimics you  put your hands up!"
"Copy Cat (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Oh Tarzan you sly dog"
"Tarzan  you player"
"When people brag about their impressive amount of karma"
"Stealth poop."
"Finally at 37 link karma. Feeling good."
"Wittle Kitty"
"I don't mean to break the Internet  but..."
"Since everyone is posting weird pictures of Nicholas Cage  here is the one I found. He truly has the best of both worlds"
"Hannah Montana's hit soundtrack"
"Four Horsemen"
"The Four Horsemen of Bonanza"
"Rawhide!"
"Finishing while watching a weird porno (SFW)"
"When my vibrator breaks mid-masturbation (sfw)"
"After I heard Obama won  I immediately got on Facebook...."
"And his wife said he'd never need all that dirt."
"Zombie apocalypse safe house"
"Found this on Facebook. SMH"
"What does this even mean?"
"A house in Russia"
"They will never find me here"
"Whenever I make a terrible post/comment"
"Wrong Name"
"Last night's porn [SFW]"
"Receive Text From Cute Girl..."
"Avoiding the awkward with awkward"
"Every time. [FIXED]"
"Shy bladder penguin"
"Slenderman"
"My childhood ruined..."
"MFW: the new kid at my private christian highschool in Mississippi says he's an atheist and plays Minecraft."
"what I do when Tom Jones comes on at work..."
"I just got an email saying i may be able to go back to the UK 4 years after returning to Mexico."
"How I feel when I see my comment has the most upvotes."
"I'm so sorry."
"Never. Ever. Give them up."
"Never gonna run around and dessert you."
"Two screws [pic]"
"Hipster dog"
"That Earthquake Was So Mainstream"
"Maybe it doesn't"
"Faces (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Large Video Game Worlds"
"Every time i try to kiss my boyfriend when he's playing Xbox/browsing reddit"
"Baby Weasel"
"Snow weasel"
"Is there any room for a mink in r/aww ??"
"Oh  youtube..."
"Windows .."
"Firefox has encountered issues with Windows."
"4th of July lightning storm (x-post from r/pics)"
"Lego Stephen Hawking"
"a badass creation of a badass guy"
"Someone please tell me this is real"
"The strangest and craziest gif I have ever seen...that is all"
"What is this? I don't even..."
"Damn  this is one pissed off stick figure"
"Gas stations are dangerous"
"Ordinary day gas fill-up"
"Probably the most messed up gif I've ever seen [NSFW  possibly NSFL]"
"I really wish I had the words to fully describe this... [GIF] [NSFW]"
"I have no words..."
"Animal Crossing."
"This is what I came home to yesterday"
"Three tiered"
"Because fuck swimming."
"HAES Swimming Competition"
"They Hatin'"
"Not sure if corporate trolling by rival  or just really unfortunate name for Apple employee..."
"Inspire"
"Inspirational Quote"
"I switch my desktop image everyday  this is today's."
"Whenever my OC is down-voted to oblivion"
"soiled it"
"soiled it"
"I don't think there's anything more awesome than this"
"Awesomeness Overload!"
"Googled &quot;Best Painting Ever&quot; and I was not disappointed."
"A Chicagoan Night"
"Videobombing 101 [FIXED]"
"One of the best professional video-bombs ever."
"When I try to join a conversation"
"How I feel when I try to join a serious conversation"
"When My Friend Is Talking To A Cute Girl"
"That's no moon...StarCraft 2 WCS European Finals in Sweden"
"Atheist humor"
"Bad Ass Albino Animals"
"the Jesus"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus."
"Best. Gif. Ever."
"At Xmas we think of Jesus."
"Xmas is all about Jesus"
"How i pictured my son on the first day"
"I Ain't Going Back to Daycare"
"Does anyone know the story behind this?"
"Warm little kittens"
"Taking a sip"
"Wooly Walter"
"Now I get it..."
"I found that I am officially Obese!"
"we just passed 1000 whisky reviews on r/scotch"
"Omarion (now Maybach O) hilarious entrance during Rick Ross' set @ Hip-hop BET Awards"
"how I feel celebrating my birthday on 9/11...."
"How i feel when no one upvotes my cakeday posts."
"When my friends start making fun of me"
"Kitten is really hungry"
"Welp  I hit cuteness overload for the day"
"Zero clucks given."
"When God made me..."
"Coffee Run w/ Obama and Friends"
"This happens every semester..."
"Sitting on the couch with my laptop.then this happened"
"Look at this photograph. Every time I do it makes me laugh."
"I would drink the hell out of this."
"Y'know... just to make sure."
"Y'know  just to make sure"
"Forever alone level: pillow"
"So this exists..."
"Shock and Awe"
"Shock and Awe"
"How did the hipster burn his tongue?"
"Give random upvotes for reddit!!!"
"I find this otterly cute"
"This is ridiculously entertaining"
"Mom! Leave me alone!"
"Babies are squishy"
"Squish squish squish"
"Adorable baby squishing"
"Guaranteed stress reliever"
"Driving with Apple Maps"
"And this is how the world ends."
"Cuteness... Overload..."
"Me whenever I hear someone say they like Justin Bieber."
"Calvin has the right idea."
"Staring directly into your soul."
"Psycho"
"SHE SEES ALL!"
"finish her"
"FINISH HER!"
"My reaction when I take a dump and realize there isn't any toilet paper."
"Just some more Facebook gold..."
"Riding"
"Riding"
"It's my cake day  so here is a chick and her pussy."
"Chick and pup"
"Finger frack"
"&quot;Place Your Finger Here&quot;"
"Working Gif."
"Blueball factory"
"Can't....stop....watching.... [Fixed]"
"They're just having a good time"
"All of this giant candy has gotten me thinking about one thing......"
"Not bad."
"for the love of God..."
"It's alive. [NOPE]"
"five minutes into a party.."
"I heard you like cats"
"How Dogs Usually Sleep"
"After a long day"
"Distributed at the door of Comic-Con..."
"It's shit like this  Christians... - Imgur"
"Saw this on facebook  thought you guys might get a good laugh out of it."
"Gotta..."
"Gotta...[xpost for r/funny]"
"How I feel coming back to my dorm after an 7:30am class..."
"Let's hope that THIS look doesn't catch on."
"San Francisco in Ruin."
"A stunning panorama of San Francisco taken from an airship 2000 feet above the bay in 1906."
"Let's Go For A Walk"
"Just out for a little stroll !!"
"I always think of Beaker when I take my vitamins"
"First I eat my snack..."
"Mind Blown"
"Do I call an electrician  or a plumber?"
"It happens at the worst of times!"
"So my ex (who did the dumping) asked if the place where I work had any jobs going.."
"Searched 'What the internet likes' was not disappointed"
"Cell Phone Radiation Risk"
"Ah cool a phone in a microwave I wond- OHMYGODWTF!"
"This freaks me out everytime - Cellphone in Microwave"
"Some say I am a madman  due to my fear cordless phones."
"The real reason why Nokia phones are so strong."
"what the...YES."
"A Falabella miniature horse ."
"How cute."
"*Insert clever title here*"
"We all do weird shit when no one is home."
"Pretty much every photo I am tagged in from parties"
"How I feel when entering my school's student union"
"How I feel walking by the MU at my university around lunchtime"
"When he's not fighting crime he's falling into boxes."
"When r/aww and r/ladyboners get together..."
"Cakeday  Robert Downey Jr.  and cats? Yes please"
"This will always be my favourite gif."
"This is the funniest thing I've seen on &quot;The Office&quot;."
"Identity theft is a not a joke  Jim."
"Extremely Unoriginal"
"This is the craziest haircut that I've ever seen."
"One thing I will never understand about other people's homes"
"trolling my roommates..."
"This shit sucks. I fought with my ex wife about this shit. She didn't get it. (keywords: Ex.)"
"What song should they fight to?"
"Lets dance"
"Was playing Imgur Roulette and found this gem."
"DJ Jesus died for your spins"
"How do I breathe without you?"
"What I'm Like After Posting a Link on Reddit..."
"Waiting for upvotes"
"Submerged plane in the Bahamas. Photo by Bjorn Moerman [990x742]"
"Every time I leave the liquor store"
"Getting laid for the first time (sfw)"
"Failed attempt at looting in Birmingham"
"I can't always think straight in the mornings  either. (x-post from r/funny)"
"When girls overdose on makeup."
"Monsters by John Kenn - edited by /co/"
"Monsters by John Kenn - edited by 4chan"
"Painted flower."
"It's not enough"
"My favorite pic from my old helicopter squadron"
"Why does this exist?!"
"My girlfriend likes to crochet little sweaters for our new kitten"
"His diaper is full."
"How i feel when upvoting a new post"
"Husky/Corgi Cross"
"I have to have one."
"When I try to fit in with the cool kids"
"OMG This is so gooOOOAAAH! [Gif]"
"Too much soda"
"It wasn't the best of birthdays"
"Living in all guy dorm building when a girl walks by."
"Anyone know if this works? Been seeing it around"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Uh oh"
"I see your teahupoo  and call with The Wedge."
"The real Dr Seuss"
"Saw a link related to Google+ today. Logged in to mine and this is how I felt."
"I don't feel good looking at it  as hard as I try it just gets worse"
"When I suddenly get involved in a scientific debate on Facebook."
"I don't think they get the irony..."
"Oh the irony"
"Oddly enough  I was still able to fap to this"
"So this came up on my fb feed... [NSFW?]"
"What am I even looking at? [NSFW]"
"Cool stump bro"
"do you like dolphins?"
"A cat's worst nightmare."
"Not even once..."
"Drugs Are Bad"
"R2D2 before and after Meth"
"Meth"
"not even once"
"R2D2 before and after Meth"
"Bee-bop-boo"
"Not even once."
"Not even once..."
"Sentient robots... Just say no!"
"Seriously  stay away from that shit"
"Meth...not even once for droids"
"Hidden sea cave"
"Hidden sea cave (x-post from /r/pics) [1024x692]"
"get me outta here!"
"Blue Skies"
"It's like me but with Tail..."
"STAND BACK"
"Better listen to Bill."
"Me whenever I fix my friend's computer and he asks what's wrong"
"When I show a new Ent a bong"
"Whenever I look at cultures in a lab..."
"Who the hell is this kid?"
"I dont know who you are  but"
"I dont know who you are. But..."
"AL CAPONE got it right! XD [1600 x 1200]"
"Shy Guy redux"
"lol worst tattoo ever"
"IT'S UPSIDE DOWN GODDAMMIT"
"Its upside down. Photo ruined!"
"This is how I feel about people who abuse their cakeday"
"How I feel about those &quot;Cake Day&quot; posts"
"How reddit feels on cake days."
"Happy Birthday de- Oh shit... too hard"
"How I feel seeing fucking &quot;best dog you'll see all day&quot; and my post downvoted"
"well...shit"
"Nap time"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haters goin' hate."
"Bunny Iver"
"So close..."
"Cop car hurdle fail... x/post from r/funny"
"Chariots of failure"
"I believe I can fly..."
"The fight to survive in the wild"
"A weemba weh! a weemba weh!"
"Nope"
"Poorly placed sign?"
"Nope"
"He's so fuzzy!!"
"Scottish Wisdom"
"Can you tell me how to get  how to get this episode?"
"Ice cream in the ass."
"Hey  whatcha doin?"
"I just about died when I saw this critter. The Golden Snub-nosed Monkey!"
"I learned about these guys on the Discovery channel today (snub-nosed monkey)"
"why yes  yes it is."
"My play on words"
"A play on words  Via @NotMilesK [X-post from /r/standupshots]"
"porn before the internet....[SFW]"
"Clearly"
"I literally said &quot;WTF&quot;."
"Donald Duck's Family Tree"
"Its getting cold outside."
"What made them think this was a good idea?"
"Hey /r/atheism  I made something for you. Hope you guys/gals like it."
"And this is why it should stay out of government..."
"Get over it"
"How is he surviving that Time Vortex? I don't even."
"First thing i thought of seeing this gif"
"I think this fits well..."
"Bycicle"
"I noticed this in a building on the Georgia Tech campus."
"Baby vs Dog [gif]"
"Debated religion in school and clearly won"
"To all the republicans on my Facebook page."
"3D without glasses!"
"High?"
"So I was playing Imgur Roulette when suddenly..."
"[gif] awesome"
"Huh?"
"Jewel Monster mind-trippy..."
"Best pumpkin ever!"
"We had fun on maternity last night"
"Puuuuuush!!!"
"PUSH!"
"Nice to see Doctors getting into the halloween spirit!"
"The surgeons had more skill but the physicians had more fun"
"Mildly disturbing pumpkin carving"
"I'm not sure how to describe this... Pumpkin birth??[FB]"
"i see your running raddish  and raise you pregnant pumpkin"
"My boss said nothing could be worse than the trendy &quot;barefoot&quot; running shoes. Challenge accepted."
"The ugliest  most offensive shoe on the planet."
"I feel this every effin’ day. And Calvin &amp; Hobbes was really the genesis of my inquisitive mind. Thanks Watterson."
"How I feel everyday living here..."
"Oh... So that's what it's used for."
"Not your everyday NYC sight"
"Iron Maid"
"F**k you  I'm a horse. - Imgur"
"Wake Up"
"Every single morning"
"She's a maniac!"
"want to live there?"
"There's no such thing as &quot;one last cookie.&quot;"
"You bastard!"
"Depp  Cusack  and H.S. Thompson driving around with a blow up doll."
"Hunter S. Thompson  Johnny Depp and John Cusack outside The Viper Room"
"Look at this"
"Wow  look at this"
"I how I feel looking at HD Mars pics"
"I stumbled upon this evil prank on Instagram [FIXED]"
"Lol found this i think im gonna try it"
"Surprising a friend at work."
"Hey little girl  check this out!"
"Mitt Romney Took a Very Unfortunate Photo Today"
"Meanwhile  on facebook"
"Cow on steroids."
"you'll now think of this every time you brush your teeth"
"I'll never be able to put tooth paste on my toothbrush again without thinking of this."
"Iphone 4S VS Iphone 5"
"iPhone 4S vs. iPhone 5"
"This is how I browse reddit when I'm in a good mood"
"Pressing &quot;A&quot; and &quot;J&quot; on Posts"
"How I felt about /r/atheism the last few days"
"Om nom nom"
"I heard you like aircraft.."
"It's like a basking shark eating a crocodile..."
"Just a little snack."
"The most logical thing I has ever done heard."
"Dolphins v Women. I have to admit. They make a compelling argument..."
"What it's like trying to get past the knights of new."
"How I picture the people posting cats on reddit"
"There's no traffic police in Star Wars."
"The secret behind The Force."
"May the beer be with you!"
"Don't drink and use the force"
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Things that make you go 'huh?' [Fixed]"
"Tyrion Lannister has always been a cool bastard. (gif)"
"Trying to call a truce with my fiance in a karma war"
"When a customer begs for my help after yelling at me for someone else's mistake."
"An effective trap"
"How i feel playing imgur roulette"
"During the elections  this is all I can think about."
"Shady"
"My brother in law sent me this series of photos of a snake eating a goanna from a mine site in the Pilbara region of north western Australia."
"Slow motion shatter is very satisfying."
"As an ex-Mormon whose family hasn't spoken to since resigning a year ago  this is how I feel whenever I see a post ridiculing the Mormon church. Thank you!"
"Dick squasher"
"HelloYesThisIsDog.gif"
"never knew this existed in gif format"
"It was only a matter of time"
"The Windows XP Hill in 2006"
"He was in the wrong neighborhood"
"Leopard Moth"
"Alien taking a break (Xpost from r/Moviesinthemaking)"
"It's Tuesday Caption Competition time..."
"Picture The Movie Teeth But With The Roles Reversed"
"Fissured tongue"
"I didn't want to eat today anyway..."
"I don't even know man..."
"Too much sour candy."
"Stick your tongue out!"
"ow what the fuck how did that happen"
"Notice anything wrong?"
"abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"I'd type what's happening here  but one of my letters is broken."
"This happens way too often"
"little discussed consequence of viral infections"
"lJust call me MC Cuddles!"
"Weirest goal I have ever seen in my life"
"Excellent teamwork"
"3...2...1..GGGGOOOOAAALLLL"
"An extremely content Tibetan Fox. [x-post from /r/photoshopbattles]"
"An extremely content Tibetan fox (x/post from r/photoshopbattles)"
"Ecuador's Tallest Waterfall"
"Black cat auditions"
"How I imagine a reddit meet up."
"Relevant image.. (Yes  I know it's a repost  but it's relevant and made me chuckle)"
"Imagine trying to explain this without the evidence"
"Hitting the spare on a 7-10 split"
"&quot;Abraham  please kill your son.&quot;"
"I would obviously have to let the building burn down!"
"(re-post from r/wtf) So my school burned down today....."
"So my school burned down today..."
"oh salad..."
"Whenever I speak in a London bus (as an American)  at least five people do this to me."
"Every Girl On FaceBook"
"Engine"
"I think you meant OCD"
"Uhhhh."
"Zeus: the tallest dog in the world."
"cold blooded killer"
"Cold blooded killer"
"I see your cat playing Xbox and raise you a bearded dragon playing Playstation. &lt;not mine  and I don't know original source&gt;"
"Every Time I Try To Dance In The Club"
"Picked this little guy up from the spca yesterday!!"
"If you remember this  you probably got pretty frustrated when you saw it."
"If you ever saw this guy coming for you  you knew you were fucked. (fixed)"
"It's my first cake day! So I can finally say..."
"Fuck  I'm sorry to hear that..."
"- Hey Earth  what's up? - Nothing good  I got humans."
"RUN MARS!"
"The most unpleasant image you will see all day."
"This is why we can't have nice things."
"Forever alone?"
"nice tits  bra"
"I googled &quot;Dayum.&quot; This popped up...."
"oooh...modern family"
"What do smart girls get?"
"Live a good life."
"If anyone ever brings up Pascal's Wager use this quote."
"Marcus Aurelius on Religion"
"Ahhh!:Ahhh!"
"The Meep."
"This picture was taken out of my dad's NYC apartment today."
"A quaint little pun"
"What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?"
"When animals leave for college."
"Best &quot;I have the weirdest boner right now&quot; gif I've ever seen"
"Trollgrafts?"
"RUGRATS"
"That must have hurt"
"Canadian Transformer."
"Ghosts have myspace too."
"Found this saved to the desktop at work today. It was simply titled ghost.jpg. I don't know what else I expected."
"So wrong... but  so wrong."
"Who says it's too big for me to carry?"
"My 3 month old pit puppy brought me a ball"
"Someone wants to play fetch!"
"They don't make them like they used to"
"The years before the Olympics"
"My mom sent me a picture of my brother's adorable kids. But this was all I could see..."
"Retoast"
"My car was crushed when a tree blew over. (cross posted from mildlyinteresting  my daughter found a picture of my car in a book she was given about extreme weather)"
"Cute little pups"
"Bubbles"
"Escher's Impossible Cube"
"Rappers Opinions on Anal Sex"
"Still better than Duck-face"
"Even the painting in the background..."
"How seven girls having a slumber party look like"
"Weaponized Valentine's Day."
"Valentine's Day Gifts: Turning your horrible partner into a crazy ex."
"I'm breaking up with you"
"Just a ducky in a cup. No big deal."
"hello there"
"Cup of Duck."
"Bitch stole my fish."
"You are doing it wrong !"
"Delicious birthday cake flame"
"Cats interrogation"
"Have you seen Mitt Romney's Aww Yeah Face?"
"Mitt...Smallmey? I can't think of anything funny."
"Must be Asian"
"A badass tattoo..."
"The day after"
"Whenever I answer a phone call from my parents"
"How I feel when I comment on somebody's status and 20 people comment on the post."
"After telling your parents you are an atheist around Christmas time..."
"Nice try kid"
"Perfectly Executed!!"
"What I imagine people on r/aww are like."
"I've been expecting you"
"we're visiting grandpa..."
"Rosie Fucking Jones"
"Winter kayaking"
"Why Hello There!"
"I give you my friends incredibly high looking dog"
"Otter loves glass"
"Building The Statue Of Liberty - 1884"
"Building the Statue of Liberty  1884 [900x628]"
"He just finished grading papers before this"
"This Is Kinda Weird [Fixed]"
"Best Chain Reaction Ever!"
"Chain Reaction"
"Chain Reaction (repost from r/funny)"
"Chain reaction puppies =)"
"Corgi Reveille"
"when someone says &quot;freebies&quot;"
"The Bear and Bird"
"This is funnier than most things."
"Drawing a star"
"Adorable kitty thinks it's a bird"
"Nobody loves cactus"
"Forever alone cactus."
"Oh Blake"
"Blake with Blake."
"Quite old chap"
"Marilyn Monroe  epic photobomb"
"Young Stephen Hawking wedding day"
"Can I have a plate of chicken.... Wait what?"
"Bricks were shat."
"Oh Shit-"
"No need to panic..."
"Captain  we may have a problem."
"What if sig figs were used all the time for everything? Would life as we know it... fall apart?"
"Alcohol... the class maker"
"...more like Cone of Awesomeness!"
"how i looked my first time performing cunnilingus"
"I was trying to text a girl I like a picture I drew  I forgot to capitalize one letter in the URL  this cam up instead."
"Sweet mother of god I'm in love"
"Winter is coming."
"Everytime i see a repost get upvoted."
"How i feel with some one (fixed) my post and got more upvotes"
"How I feel as a Conservative on r/politics"
"How I feel when unfunny stuff gets to the front page"
"Me During Mass at my very Catholic High School"
"We run this..."
"The internet"
"&quot;I see no god up here...&quot;"
"&quot;I see no god up here&quot;"
"The first man who traveled to outer space said this..."
"Where will you be when the drugs kick in?"
"I wish they sold these in America."
"I'll take every one you've got"
"This is the answer...."
"This is me when I overhear someone talking about reddit"
"I want to have sex  but my girlfriend doesn't"
"Called into the Boss's office during a random erection"
"When I'm done fapping (SFW)"
"How I do sex [Fixed][Fixed]"
"Finish him  nailed it."
"Oh stereotypes..."
"Insect [close up]"
"Every saturday morning as a kid...time well wasted"
"Did anyone else love this show?"
"I love you with everything inside of me simply because you exist. Baby Box turtle. &lt;3"
"Not enough turtle in r/aww"
"Once again the Saints prove their worth!"
"And Shepherds We Shall Be..."
"Yes"
"This is how I feel when I click a &quot;Call me maybe&quot; link."
"Every time I return to Facebook"
"Decided to check out r/spacedicks..."
"Giraffe"
"Om nom nom nom nom"
"nom nom nom"
"You're doing it wrong"
"You ever get curious?"
"My friend and his dog on a slide"
"I never realized God was such a badass"
"God works in mysterious ways (x-post from r/pics)"
"Bad relationship"
"Anyone know what these things are?"
"It's about damn time  Tyrone."
"Tyrone already has shit together."
"Anyone ever teach you it's not polite to stare  Motorcycle?"
"Have A Silly Moose  Advantages to not using AdBlock"
"Patrick  you're a genius!"
"No "
"Oh  Patrick..."
"Itteh Bitteh Kitteh Kisses"
"Finding Mama..."
"Ever wondered what this looked like from below?"
"Don't stare at the Balls."
"Every time my wife tries to seduce me"
"Technique is everything"
"Fire safety...."
"Three. Fucks. Given."
"Polyamory is best amory!! (x-post r/pics)"
"Milky Way Over Quiver Tree Forest"
"Milky Way Over Quiver Tree Forest [3000x1198]"
"Milky Way Over Quiver Tree Forest"
"Christian Bale's Weight Fluctuations... This man's ability to change his body is ridiculous (X-post from r/WTF)"
"Got fired today"
"Gimme a second I gotta fight this boss."
"Bosses."
"Cup O' Duck"
"Nope  doesn't fit."
"Perfect."
"Popcorn popping in slow motion .. It'll blow your mind ;-)"
"Popcorn"
"Ever wonder what a popcorn kernel looks like when it pops?"
"Showing moments in slow motion - Imgur"
"I decided to take a relaxing bath  I left the water running to get undressed. I came back to this....(FIXED)"
"I decided to take a relaxing bath  I left the water running to get undressed. I came back to this....(FIXED)"
"O.O"
"What if skyrim was on the gameboy... (x-post from r/skyrim)"
"Skyrim For Gameboy."
"You missed a spot"
"The two Cutest Kitties in the World"
"Together for life."
"Skyrim: Crimes Against Nature mod"
"That's a nice and happy little bush right there."
"I know what's on my cars mind ;)"
"hey my turn! my turn!"
"Is.. Is he still looking at me?"
"A dog paying his respects in Guam."
"We kill the pacman (edited)"
"Kill the PAC man"
"It's simple"
"It's simple (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Mistakes into Miracles"
"Spongebob and Sandy will never forget"
"Mistakes to Miracles  isn't that what 9/11 was all about?"
"Probably my favorite 9/11 picture"
"Couldn't find a better day to submit this picture"
"Googled &quot;how to reddit&quot; ... this is the first image that came up"
"Must... Keep... Redditing..."
"Reddit at bed time."
"Whenever there's a NSFL post"
"Missed by inches.! WTF"
"This is the only picture of Mitt Romney in a Chipotle you will ever need."
"&quot;Daaaamn I can't believe I'm actually meeting Ron Paul!&quot;"
"Mitt Romney Goes to Chipotle"
"Mitt Romney Is In My Kitchen !"
"Mitt Romney visited a Chipotle in Denver today. Awkward..."
"This is my new favorite campaign photo (Mitt with Chipotle employees)"
"This guy."
"Perfectly timed photo with Mitt Romney"
"O.O"
"&quot;Hello  Clarice.&quot;"
"I asked my dad if he was an atheist..."
"So is this a Humpback Whale? [NSFW]"
"NSFW: Maybe she's a whale  but I still count her as my greatest sexual conquest."
"They say sometimes dogs and their owners look alike"
"They say that after a while  owners start looking like their pets."
"That's the most normal picture from Japan I've ever seen."
"When dogs take over the world.."
"Knock knock.."
"Knock Knock. [courtesy of FPS Russia]"
"ART-Dirty creation"
"Dirty art"
"When I realized I missed my Cake Day because my boss called me in last minute."
"Everytime my boss wants me to do overtime ..... for free."
"Whoa  Mr. Rogers!!"
"With everyone talking about their straight As  this is all I feel."
"How I fell being the first one of my friends done with finals."
"This is how I imagine twins being born..."
"Saying I don't like cats on Reddit"
"when I face check a bush and there are 3 people inside it"
"How I feel after planning my class schedule around a class whose Professor is 'TBA'"
"Posting something on r/ Minecraft that isn't an amazing build."
"How the refs feel after yesterday's call."
"When I post an atheist pic to facebook"
"My friend's local post office wifi network..."
"My WiFi name"
"how to commit suicide the cool way  animated .gif (no real gore it's a cartoon)"
"This is me right now dealing with my family crying over Obama's win"
"As a liberal reading all my conservative friends posts on facebook right now"
"How I feel reading the right-wing blogs right now"
"If I can't find a job come graduation"
"You can't stop a horse."
"Insects looking crystallized by dew"
"Amazing photograph of a dragonfly covered in water droplets"
"Pizza: A how-to"
"Pusheen Pizza: A how-to"
"Hello Neighbor."
"Let's post more of this"
"a picture speaks a thousand words.."
"48 days until this is over..."
"Outraged baby!"
"Found this on my newsfeed. Twist. Hope it's not a repost."
"Uhm...Acquaintances?"
"ERMAHGERD CLERINERT"
"When a bug flies in my mouth"
"ERMAHGERD CHERCERERN"
"PRRFFFZZZTT!!!"
"College Engineering"
"College Engineering"
"Dildo Pillow or Fluffy Dog?"
"Just my dog being a dick."
"A break in the clouds"
"Real-life Merida"
"Real life Merida"
"I googled &quot;how to get to the front page of reddit&quot;..."
"It's my cake day and I googled 'How to get on the frontpage of Reddit.'"
"A source of national pride"
"Fuckin' 'Straya"
"Australian!"
"Weightlifting and Reddit"
"Illogical arguments are illogical"
"Merry Christmas!"
"Christmas Morning"
"iP...d"
"How I feel when people see my place"
"When a friend of mine drops over unannounced"
"How I Feel When I Have Visitors at my Crappy Basement Apartment"
"There is no real reason why maps our maps aren't like this."
"An interesting way to look at the world..."
"Just a baby owl"
"MFW When someone says wiener instead of hot dog"
"the truth about trying to succeed on reddit"
"At Least He Has A Sense Of Humor..."
"greatest tattoo ever"
"Take this and make it a beautiful meme"
"Caterpiller? or Pokemon?"
"Hello!"
"Getting real tired of your shit."
"The world's saddest baby owl."
"Why is she so sad? (xpost r/photoshopbattles)"
"How I veiw people who complain about the new pokemon generations"
"And  this was the last time little Timmy was ever seen alive"
"After never having a successful post and seeing this on the front page day after day I thought 'might as well.'"
"Just a monkey taking a bath  nothin' much"
"Just a baby monkey taking a bath."
"Baby monkey taking a bath [Xpost from r/gifs]"
"monkey taking a bath"
"Disco Jesus"
"I've never thought about it like this. It's genius!"
"skyrim logic"
"GTA Logic"
"Something different - Subtle giffiness"
"This would be my superpower: stop time and enjoy peace &amp; quiet."
"My favorite cinemagraphs"
"Well  they set him up for it..."
"Protecting yourself from bears"
"Good idea for a tattoo [fixed]"
"Internet Fight!"
"When I see a fight break out online."
"Facebook right now."
"Tattoo fail."
"Pick Up Line works everytime"
"Sexual Confusion in 3...2...1..."
"Insecure footballer"
"That moment when you zone out and then realize what you're looking at"
"I was surprised"
"Football romance"
"PES bug"
"Breaking Bad - Ginza Samba"
"How to deal with awkward situations"
"A method of dispelling awkward silences..."
"Cure for SAPs"
"How most of my submissions to reddit go."
"Swimming with dogs can sometimes be terrifying"
"Just when I thought my dog couldn't get any derpier.."
"Sir? Which way..."
"Security guard on late night watch."
"Which way'd he go? Thanks mate"
"Totally True: EA and IGN"
"Going through the .gif hoard  this one was extremely satisfying."
"have a seat over there"
"Meanwhile  on Google+"
"Meanwhile at Google+"
"As a Brit  this is what Reddit feels like waiting for you Americans to wake up."
"I'm beginning to think this is what Reddit will look like after Skyrim is released"
"College Subreddits during the Winter break."
"I logged into my Myspace account today"
"Whenever I find something I think is funny enough to hit the front page."
"I show no mercy in my child development class."
"Happens to me every time"
"I know it's a repost  but I'm the one who made it and figure I may as well try to squeeze a little karma out of it!"
"Best.Game.Ever."
"My friend left his iPhone unlocked  now he texts like my little sister..."
"I didn't know that Google watches Family Guy..."
"After stalking a group for hours  I made a mistake and had to rant.."
"AS REQUESTED: I was a booth babe at E3 last year and met Paul Cristoforo. He gave me an Avengers Controller and added me on Facebook later. We recently had an interesting conversation...(EDIT: Had to block out my name)"
"What I expected /r/trees to be like..."
"Ladies of Reddit/Imgur  need your help here!"
"I think I might marry this one..."
"What I think when people pray"
"Velociraptor vs hairdresser?"
"Just a little off the top  please."
"Just a little off the top.."
"Just a little."
"School can't even handle me right now"
"My entire Spiderman folder (131 images)"
"Wait a minute..."
"SAY WHAT???!!!?!?!?"
"Everyone's Reaction."
"Did you just say..."
"Due to my impatience  I've listened to this guy's speech countless times."
"We're expecting"
"Searched &quot;Random Internet&quot; and was not disapointed. Okay  maybe a little..."
"TIL that Siri doesn't care If I swear."
"My Halloween costume from last year."
"My costume from last year."
"I hate when this happens..."
"oh man i knew something wasn't right here"
"Why this is not closing....!!OH SHIT!!"
"ups...well... at least the suitcase is packed ..."
"One of my favourite Halloween costumes...."
"Baby  If you were a transformer.. ;)"
"Oh you!"
"Yes Master"
"ZZZZ....ZZZZ....ZZZZ!!"
"death by snu-snu"
"My reaction to veggie bacon."
"My 7-year old son has been watching his way through Futurama on Netflix. Yesterday  he asked me what Snu-Snu was."
"Going through the list of upcoming AMA's"
"Did not work"
"Tower Level: Asian"
"That must have really hurt!!"
"Kevin Bacon..."
"Spread the word for poor Billy &quot;Smiles&quot; Evans! (The people of Steam)"
"My name is Billy Evans. I am a very sick little boy."
"Quote from man stabbed"
"What are you gonna do?"
"What are you going to do  stab me?"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Yes"
"That about answers that question"
"Yeah  didn't really think that one through..."
"Clearly  the answer was &quot;yes&quot;"
"How to get stabbed"
"Yeah"
"Quote from man stabbed..."
"Next time I'd say&quot; what are you gonna do  buy me a kitten?!&quot;"
"I guess so."
"What are you going to do?"
"Noticed it was my cakeday. This was the first thing that came to mind."
"Well then"
"Makes me smile"
"The most majestic repost you'll see all day..."
"Just when I think one of my posts is headed to the front page..."
"I dont know why I find this funny at all"
"I can't flirt... Seriously  I'm not a observant man..."
"If you remember this as shareware. You are old."
"A little bit of r/Aww love for r/trees"
"I see your cat with a stuffed animal  and raise you this"
"I might like this baby"
"Straight to the point."
"She has a point..."
"merica"
"A big step backward for MLK."
"LETS DIE TOGETHER"
"Die together"
"Die Together [FIXED]"
"Today is my Reddit birthday  nothing in my life is interesting  so I guess I'll just share my current wallpaper."
"Triple Word Triple Letter?!?"
"It's motha fuckin Scrabble time!"
"Flattering artist is flattering"
"What all Google Image searches look like after the 10th page!"
"Women. I do not understand you."
"My favourite parody twitter account"
"How to Get Hit by a Car Like a Boss"
"Like a boss"
"In 60 Seconds..."
"Every 60 seconds"
"I am going to be so drunk tomorrow at this time"
"Nature  you cray"
"Phyllodes Imperialis (moth larva)"
"NOPE"
"Hardest I have NOPED in a long time"
"WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?"
"Saw this in /r/wtf (Dat IRL Corpser)"
"Are we still into hidden doors?"
"The best face swap I've ever seen."
"Just a transsexual couple giving you a wave."
"Since I have joined Reddit  I've made it all the way around the sun. This is how I feel."
"How I feel when my dealer finally texts back"
"So much awesome in one gif (xpost /r/trees)"
"The cake day jive"
"Reddit in a Nutshell."
"Carl Sagan  the big picture."
"'The pale blue dot' the last image taken by voyager 1  now 11billion miles from earth and about to leave our solar system"
"A Carl Sagan quote. I found this really inspiring."
"How I expect my reaction to opening presents this year will be"
"Reddit  for the first time in two years I am caught up on my bills and don't have to continue borrowing money from my parents."
"When the first few hits on my post are upvotes"
"Leaving a lecture class and crop dusting everyone behind you"
"Change this to a female and pretty much the same type of convo with a few co-workers..."
"What the fuck was he thinking?"
"TIL the Easter Island statues are actually complete torsos."
"4 years later out of the blue the ex finally came crawling back saying she made the biggest mistake of her life when she let me go."
"How I feel trying to relate to my younger cousins."
"Gangster"
"I see you're a gangster..."
"Periodic Table seating chart for wedding"
"Walken on sunshine."
"Ninja dog."
"♫ Rain drops keep falling on my head...♪"
"Say hello to my little friend."
"My friend outside a theme park"
"TIL race is based on height"
"Nerd Condoms"
"This is one collectible guaranteed to stay in its original packaging"
"Darth Vader condoms"
"Since we are on the topic of funny condoms."
"what now"
"I Made You Americans a Wallpaper to Celebrate a Victory for Common-Sense"
"After spending a month in Europe  and looking at many renaissance era churches and murals  this picture made me laugh pretty damn hard"
"A post from the tech behind the election lawsuit in Ohio --which was the #1 post on /r/politics and #2 on reddit.com this morning-- was deleted by the mods. The link is still live however  and I think its crucial information."
"A post in by the tech guy behind today's election lawsuit in Ohio --which was #1 on r/politics and #2 on reddit.com this morning-- was deleted by the mods. The OP was actively posting updates in the thread on an ongoing  potentially crucial story. This is shameful."
"A post by the tech guy behind today's election lawsuit in Ohio -- which was #1 on r/politics and #2 on reddit.com this morning-- was deleted by the mods. The OP was actively posting updates in the thread on an ongoing  potentially crucial story. This is shameful."
"Adolph Hipster."
"Adolf Hipster (fucking funny)"
"smoking like a boss"
"4chan did it again..."
"Even if you don't like birds"
"Have you heard about a certain word?"
"Hello there."
"To The Front Page!"
"Saw a mom sloth and her baby up in a tree (through a spotting scope)"
"The son of man did not come to be served  but to serve (Matthew 20:28)"
"Ni**a Please - NSFW"
"B...but pirates need love to "
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"Shel Silverstein still gets me with this one even after all these years"
"The cat ain't loving it..."
"Incoming Storm"
"Man and Nature"
"Googled greatest picture ever taken  not disappointed. A comet between fireworks and lighting."
"Comet Between Fireworks and Lightning Credit &amp; Copyright: Antti Kemppainen"
"Exposure of a fireworks show with lightning in the distance and the comet McNaught in between"
"Clever bathroom vandals"
"Found in a public restroom...Are you John Connor?"
"Are You John Connor?"
"Toilet T100"
"This picture reminded me why I loved Star Wars so much."
"A different perspective on one of the most memorable scenes in Star Wars."
"Oops...dropped the ball."
"Balls (x-post from r/funny)"
"Why doesn't the snake bite this baby?"
"Not shopped: Buddhist monks during a lantern lighting ceremony to celebrate Makha Bucha day - Bangkok"
"How I feel as a UK Redditor during Hurricane sandy"
"The last two bullet points matter most."
"How I feel after a late night fap session"
"Let me count the ways Kevin Spacey is awesome..."
"This was totally me as a kid during the Windows 95 era"
"(F)ound the secret to Reddit"
"I don't know if this is a repost but this is the coolest gif i've seen"
"Ehh  glory hole..?"
"If these walls could talk..."
"Okay... I legitimately CANNOT think of a name for this one... but this is DEFINITELY where it belongs...[NSFW]"
"Dog man thing has sex with wall."
"So...A Friend Of Mine Showed Me This....."
"Extreme Jaccuzi - A Jaccuzi Suspended From 600 Foot High Bridge"
"Texting and driving is dangerous"
"I admit. I laughed a little too hard at this..."
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"I don't see what is so hard about this"
"The most ignored sign in America"
"Why the world is forever doomed"
"the most ignored sign on the road!"
"I accidentally discovered an awesome soundtrack for this awesome Gif (6)"
"Does anyone know what movie this gif came from?"
"Indian Movie that is all"
"Damn nature you scary"
"Shooting the MGM lion logo in 1924 (X-Post from r/history)"
"Shooting Leo the Lion for the MGM Logo"
"Hairless Animals (NSFW for monkey junk)"
"Unbearably naked."
"Most animals get funnier when you shave them. Bears just get terrifying."
"Did I just see what I think I just saw?!"
"I saw this at my local Taco Bell and just had to take a picture of it."
"The origin of the Universe"
"I will never ever ever be as cool as this guy....ever..."
"Trying to carry all of the groceries in one trip"
"Trying to carry all of the groceries in one trip [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"I can't even tell if this is NSFW or not..."
"Two questions  How much? and where can i buy them?"
"&quot;Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world  are the ones who do.&quot;"
"Incredible TDKR Street Art"
"Pretty sweet Dark Knight Rises street art!"
"Real Art"
"Dark Knight Rises 3D Street Art in Madrid"
"Amazing Dark Knight Rises 3D Sidewalk Art in Madrid"
"Hawaiian happy-face spider. The species can produce a whole range of patterns on their abdomen. [xpost r/spiders]"
"Welcome to the internet"
"Is this picture still some people's homepage?"
"So Simple Yet Creative"
"Canadian tax dollars going to good use."
"working hard to protect you"
"He is still a boss."
"Say that five times really fast..lego's anyone?"
"Pun overload!"
"Modern technology is a wonderful thing."
"alligator ride"
"get Doreen an alligator;; Doreen loves alligators"
"When I followed a link to /r/spacedicks"
"Challenge accepted"
"i. want. this. shark."
"Definitely on my list of top ten most wanted pillows."
"Driving with a friend when suddenly a great song comes on"
"Why i always choose Squirtle."
"I would give all my money to see this."
"Owlectomies"
"How I Feel When I'm Downvoted After Gifing It My All"
"Whenever I log into online banking..."
"I post that I'm not homeless and then we hit 6 000 subscribers. No coincidence at all. Fuck yourself.[1920x1080]"
"From this angle  Central Park is amazing."
"This."
"Now this is a pumpkin carving."
"The best cocaine ad I've ever seen"
"That's not the way that I remember it."
"That's not how I remember it"
"Facts about water"
"That dangerous water!"
"This Time"
"hide and seek"
"Well done Peter."
"Proud Peter"
"Woah my bad bro...wrong knee!"
"Oh shit  my bad"
"Japanese fashion."
"Pet me dammit!"
"This sleeve is pretty dope."
"Kevin Malone's take on grammar."
"Every of the time!"
"Sudden Realization Bear"
"I should visit my cousin. . ."
"Touchdown?"
"This black bear was spotted at a dump nearby  lounging on a leather couch with a bag of snacks."
"Just got my power back after Irene..."
"Returning home  after 4 days with my family."
"Tomorrow  right after the blackout  this picture will be somewhere on the front page."
"Me after I find a porno with a girl who looks like my ex"
"After a week of no internet or Reddit  this is how I feel."
"Finally got internet back after 5 days. I think this best sums up how I feel with it back"
"The Internet at my house is back after six days"
"How i feel about the whole olympic women thing..."
"After discovering r/JusticePorn"
"In Honor of No Fap September..."
"No Fap September got you down? Just remember what's waiting on the other side...[Fixed]"
"reddit on October 1st."
"/R/Apple in a few hours"
"/r/politics right now after debate tonight"
"Ah Good Sir"
"Distinguished baby"
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"Still one of my favorite images from the internet"
"My reaction when Youtube AND Gmail changed their page format."
"When you fart in an elevator."
"When I look at pictures of people planking"
"Life can be Grand."
"Nice work Legoland...."
"Marbles..."
"How the internet works"
"Can't take credit but it's the truth."
"Why you should watch 'Gravity Falls' if you don't already"
"What in the . . . [gif]"
"Oktoberfest &lt;3"
"And that's how your mom and I met"
"That look"
"It's on."
"Placenta Teddy Bear"
"Just tried to read some of the posts on ChristWire  my general thoughts:"
"My Exact Expression when my college classroom has a funny odor..."
"1300 Year Old Tree"
"Smile!"
"All Hail the Queen! [x-post from funny]"
"Enemy targeted... engaging... applying self-cleaning... recalculating... engaging... [GIF]"
"Step away from the hovercat..."
"auto-vac cat-smack"
"That didn't go quite as planned"
"How I Feel Today..."
"What a shithead"
"Oh Crap"
"Found on Google+ [FIXED]"
"This defined my childhood"
"I choose you!"
"Introducing Lonely Pikachu Guy"
"Gets me every time"
"What?!? There aren't any koalas on reddit?!?!"
"Not sure if good idea or.."
"I'll just come back later..."
"http://i.imgur.com/cVqRP.gif"
"Let me in!"
"Got bored during physics and found this"
"Cute cats will still be here when you get back"
"I have never seen a sculpture even remotely resembling this one"
"Epic splash"
"Coffee Kiss Art..."
"I feel like this belongs here..."
"Watching you. (x-post from /r/perfecttiming)"
"Smiley face fire! Go!"
"Hey guys  I can see candlejack in this fi-"
"Every time I tell a joke"
"Referee makes a spectacular entrance"
"Anyone else miss awesome Referee moments?"
"Out of nowhere"
"Whenever I want to talk to my friends who are already having a conversation"
"How I heroically kill spiders for my girlfriend."
"Hindenburg"
"Yes  those silhouettes are people being crushed by the wreckage"
"A polar bear vs the Lindblad Expeditions ship"
"Got stuck in the ice but a local kindly gave us a push off"
"Height of Supervising in an exam..."
"STAMOS!"
"Two lesbians by a door"
"The reason to always listen &quot;for Christ's sake&quot;"
"How the dutch see the rest of the world. [x-post from /r/netherlands)"
"World according to the DUTCH"
"I finally found the answer!"
"My reaction when I tell someone that I'll get off the internet soon"
"how i feel after 10 upvotes."
"Girls don't dance with me at parties because I dance like this.."
"How I felt when my girlfriend told me she got her period after 3 long weeks of thinking she was pregnant"
"He really is the Fresh Prince!"
"How I feel when I realize it's my Reddit birthday at 10pm..."
"My people need..never mind"
"Almost got it"
"Slam Dunk!"
"How it feels missing my cake day by a week"
"Obey this beautiful dog's tongue!"
"Photo taken by photographer  Jessica Trinh. I think it belongs here though."
"Oh Abe."
"When Lincoln sees a repost on r/new"
"Celebrity Evolution"
"When I realize I'm on the 27th page of r/wtf"
"It's my cakeday so here's a stupid Pokemon Comic"
"A classic &quot;Hey Arnold&quot; dilemma if I've ever seen one..."
"Anon loses virginity!"
"If I wrote a book"
"If I wrote a book (fixed)"
"If I wrote a book [fixed]"
"If I wrote a book..."
"I will always love y- [xpost from /r/gifs]"
"size does not matter"
"When I repost something I thought was original"
"How trying to get to the front page usually turns out."
"When my ex tries to talk to me."
"Seems Legit"
"Seems legit."
"seems legit..."
"made me laugh harder than it should have"
"Neither do I  Siri."
"I have laryngitis. Siri misunderstood me and got all introspective (original content)"
"that'll do it"
"well  you're gonna have to do better."
"Siri  Who am I?"
"Best answer Siri has given to me!"
"It will certainly get old someday but Siri is great"
"Even Siri knows she's lacking"
"F**k you and your logic Siri"
"Well Siri..."
"That sassy bitch."
"Siri gives zero fucks."
"Does anyone else find this mildly alarming?"
"Siri is mean"
"Never Forget"
"In remembrance of all we lost a year ago today."
"Am i the only one who can't take the phrase &quot;Never forget&quot; seriously because of this?"
"Look at this dog"
"hahah...wait  is this mean?"
"Imaginary friends"
"&quot;i&quot; would be his friend"
"A redditors dream"
"Oh children"
"guess what time it is"
"Gets me every time"
"Oh Children"
"Well that's odd"
"Dinner time!"
"DINNERTIME!!!"
"Reddit  I present to you on my cake day  the gif that never fails to make me laugh."
"it's.....DINNNNNNNERTIME"
"Dinner bell"
"Christmas  the time of year when you might as well be giving your children daggers"
"The most dangerous part of Christmas."
"Browsing 'New'"
"Whenever I browse r/new"
"Objects in the mirror are more ghetto than they appear."
"My friend's neighborhood- Ghetto city"
"Top 10 tips to end rape"
"So I guess we can stop rape now"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Seriously considering putting this on a shirt."
"How can you resist?"
"This is why I love Psych"
"Awwww"
"The mighty have fallen!"
"A fish eagle snatches a young Nile crocodile in Selous Game reserve  Tanzania. [Mark Sheridan-Johnson / Barcroft Media]"
"In their Lumping tongue he is DOVAHFINN"
"skyrim time with jake and finn"
"How I feel every time I post."
"How I feel when I see two people arguing on Reddit"
"Happy Hanukkah"
"I love the birdie song!"
"How I feel when the girl I like starts talking to me first"
"How I picture Karmanaut after deleting Bad Luck Brian's AMA  so true it's sad."
"how I feel when I lie to reddit and get away with it"
"When i say ''Hi'' to my crush and she replies with ''Heyy''"
"He's so excited"
"Snack time!"
"Robotic mosquito with camera  microphone and probe able to gather your DNA (or inject poison). A photoshop  I hope."
"A friend says this is a picture of an actual drone. I'm trying to find the original artist of this 'shop. Help please?"
"Ohhh  Cat Please Control yourself"
"Steady now..."
"Jumping rope above Chicago"
"Gimme Fue  Gimme Fai!"
"Yeah  that pretty much sums up his singing."
"Every Metallica song that's come out in the last 10 years..."
"How I feel when people complain about how bad the NFL replacement referees are..."
"I want to own this robot"
"Like I give a fuck..."
"Like I give a fuck... (x/post from /r/funny)"
"Cuddle Buddies"
"Awakening"
"Awakening"
"Brass balls"
"that's what you get!"
"Cartwheel Level 9"
"Welcome to church"
"When a hot girl says my name"
"I DO deserve an orgy today!"
"what the fuck is this"
"Speaking of Dread Locks. At what point do you say it's time to cut this shit off."
"So Fluffy..."
"Failing twice"
"Trying to reach the front page on my cake day"
"Alien vs Predator"
"I can't be the only one who spotted it"
"I can clearly see myself in you  sir."
"Data Cap"
"When my computer freezes"
"how I imagine dubstep is &quot;created&quot;"
"How to Play Sona"
"how dubstep is made"
"Attempting to get my girlfriend to orgasm"
"Visual approximation of working self checkout on a Sunday"
"Upvote Everything: How I feel reading the Terry Crews AMA"
"Browsing /r/wtf when I hear someone at the door.."
"SOMETHING IS AFOOT"
"This made me chuckle so I thought I would share it with you *not mine I found it when on twitter"
"Nandos knows"
"Yes sir  you do have lovely breasts."
"This is what I call EROTIC!"
"meet Insano. world tallest waterslide"
"The Insano Beach Park  Brazil."
"Biggest slides in the world ?"
"Best Wedding Cake Ever!"
"Horribly true these days.."
"Ye olde Simple Simon"
"I'm sure I'm going to hell for laughing at this."
"Aww  but moooom!"
"Fair enough..."
"Kultur-Terror"
"Every time!"
"white girl wop"
"My life."
"It finally happened..."
"So yeah I realized how immature I am today"
"photobomb x 3"
"wat"
"Very true"
"Inexcusable"
"MFW I'm trying to fap and everyone is still awake."
"Realizing your dog is watching you masturbate (SFW)"
"By far one of the most stupid things I've seen."
"My friend just posted this pumpkin carving on Facebook"
"Krang-O-Lantern!!!"
"Party Hard Like a Goat"
"People are complaining about the lack of OC  Here is a repost of some OC someone else did..."
"Batman"
"WHY THANK YOU!"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"OH MY GOD!"
"I can't read this and not hear Ed Wynn's voice."
"One day you may need this Reddit."
"Dat resemblance"
"Facebook comes through for me."
"close enough"
"dolphin sex (NSFW)"
"I am Superman"
"Just a pack of puppies"
"I Like this Gif so much"
"Meth: not even once"
"What is this awesome and where can I find more of it?"
"Dunno if this has been posted before...but dafuq?"
"Robo-santa and the three legged super-caribou"
"When the brownies kick in"
"My favorite gif of all time"
"How I would feel making it to the front page"
"&quot;I HAVE THE POWER!&quot;:The Christmas Edition"
"What a dubstep bass drop looks like"
"Why can't Christmas be more like this?"
"How I get ready for the holidays."
"Having no religious affiliation  this is how I view the magic of christmas"
"Epic robot Santa"
"I don't care how many times this has been reposted. It's still my favorite gif ever."
"Wanted: Dead or Alive"
"Adorable Husky Is Adorable"
"husky puppy!"
"didn't go as planned"
"Umm we were kind of busy"
"I believe my argument is indeed valid"
"A rebuttal."
"I have found paradise"
"Best lawyer card I've seen [IMG]"
"Pillow pet"
"Pillow pet"
"the epitome of perfect timing"
"Lighter being lit in slow motion closeup (HD)"
"Lighter being lit in slow motion close up (x-post)"
"I made this neat .gif of the Temple 1 flyby"
"I took this picture last night using my telescope and cellphone."
"I never knew they were that far apart. Two Jupiters would fit in between them."
"save yourself!!!"
"Bet you never knew a slinky moved like that"
"So I found r/mylittlepony today..."
"Incredible photo of the Japanese army during the floods last year"
"Serious Relationship"
"Serious Relationship"
"Sexy Redhead makes out with guy (SFW)"
"Steve did not last long in the bomb squad."
"After I realize there is no toilet paper in my stall"
"Oh my...how interesting."
"A dog fight."
"Taking my dogs out after a rain and this happened..."
"British Gas"
"British Gas"
"Product Placement FTW"
"Odd placement!"
"It's all about ad placement"
"&quot;Lolita Sex Toy&quot; I... I'm not quite sure of what to say..."
"This is the only thing I have ever seen on the internet that made me stop in my tracks  and I have seen some bad shit"
"i dont play WoW  but this looks kind of silly. are people excited for this?"
"Add sound to this please"
"Accidentally opened Internet Explorer for the first time in a while  this is what came up."
"the new Star Wars logo"
"Predictions for star wars episode VII"
"New Star Wars ep. VII poster"
"Starry Starry Night"
"the song and the gif sync perfectly"
"our favorite hurdler"
"It was inevitable."
"Oh  you think that was bad?"
"TY... for forever changing how I look at running.. as a sport.."
"Baby Silky Anteater"
"I know im not the only one..."
"13-year-old and the internet.... awww yeahhh!"
"Who I think has been posting on r/WTF lately."
"My best buddy's little brother said this directly to me  shall I stop him or let him do it?"
"Every time I post to reddit"
"Getting a text that fucks up your plans for the night"
"How does this even happen?"
"How it feels waiting to get Borderlands 2  while still subscribed to /r/borderlands and /r/bl2guns"
"U is a tasty snack for meez"
"Some dogs make bad choices."
"What do you taste like?"
"I like when they bite!"
"Im sad now"
"Hoe Fasho"
"&quot;and in case your ears are fucked..&quot;"
"When people tell me guns are dangerous and unnecessary."
"How I feel getting someone out in dodgeball."
"When I want to fap but my housekeeper won't leave"
"Defeating the Champion for the first time in any game."
"I could watch this for at least eight minutes."
"Take a deep breath. Watch this for 5 minutes. Everything is going to be okay."
":-)"
"Check out my lightsaber"
"If you sext this guy  this is what he'll send you"
"She blew me away"
"Trick or Treat!"
"Just a normal day in Home Depot..."
"Party in aisle 15"
"Party on isle 15!"
"High-fiving  smiling shark? Nice."
"You look pretty Denise"
"The weather stone"
"is more &quot;aww&quot; possible?"
"No Hooking"
"Knowing is half the battle."
"Adorable."
"Just like your daddy..."
"well..."
"your move atheists"
"Stop."
"When I open Reddit and I see a bunch of new Hurricane Sandy posts"
"How I feel finding my ex boyfriend's Reddit account and seeing he now comments on r/gonewild since we broke up."
"She was in the ocean before it was cool"
"How I feel when I see the same gif posted over and over again  with worse quality each time."
"Someone suggested we watch Jersey Shore."
"A girl in one of my classes today described atheism as being 'A lot like Scientology'."
"My reaction when I went to class down 8-4 and checked in class and saw we were down 18-4"
"Shine."
"This horse looks too perfect to be real. Does anyone know what kind it is? Googling &quot;perfect horse&quot; didn't help..."
"I don't even know what this is..."
"The human blob"
"Well at least she doesn't have to wear socks."
"Did you know a space heater can make a human body melt?"
"my friend showed me r/spacedicks today...."
"My friend's reaction whenever i crack my neck."
"Gets me every time."
"Vote for Nobody!"
"always come prepared for your acid trips to the stadium"
"Fifa 13 is so realistic!"
"How I feel while playing FIFA after smoking a huge bong of kief"
"He's doing it wrong!"
"This sushi is made of what?"
"Banksy Rules!"
"Banksy Street Art as GIFs"
"Banksy Street Art as GIFs"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing an SA80"
"Go forth and destroy  my child."
"The ark is full.."
"The Ark is full..."
"Shit just got real."
"This is a portrait of Jesus with a baby dinosaur which provides indisputable evidence that the Earth is older than 6 000 years. Your move Creationists."
"How I feel when I get a 0 on a paper because it wasn't written in pen."
"When your friend asks if you want to go see a movie with him and his girlfriend Friday night ..."
"How I feel when I see a post about someone getting into the Diablo 3 beta."
"When I talk to drunk people having a great time but I still have final exams"
"When I run into my ex and her new boyfriend"
"How I feel upvoting my girlfriend's first post on Reddit"
"When my non-Redditor friend tells me getting Karma seems easy."
"When teachers try to be funny on the first day."
"The definition of &quot;trouble&quot;"
"Repost because WTF moment and relevant username. Look at risk."
"This is who I want to win [FIXED]"
"Holy shit"
"This is the next level of bitch slapping  rhino horning!"
"Poor Pumbaa"
"This idea opened my eyes to the world around me"
"An Accurate Illustration of the UK's Space Program"
"have i ever told you i love zelda..."
"The original angry bird"
"A Brazilian policeman being helpful and protecting the citizens from a terrible criminal."
"&quot;Police officer pepper-spraying a kid.&quot;"
"American police officer pepper spray young child."
"I feel absolutely terrible for laughing so hard at this"
"Everybody does it"
"This never fails to make me laugh."
"Asians With Mustaches"
"Still can't decide how I feel about this.."
"How I feel as someone named Allan today on r/gaming."
"Sense of entitlement"
"So I heard you like elephants.."
"Story of my life..."
"Tap the manna like that one more - fuck this i'm out of here"
"After 20 seconds searching a &quot;when you see it&quot; post..."
"Ta Dah!"
"Religious people are funny"
"Ta Dah!!!"
"Ta Dah!!! [FIXED]"
"This is the type of thing that should be posted here"
"This came up on my news feed."
"This guy has some sort of Matrix shit going on right here"
"Forever alone outfit"
"Looks like someone had a little too much to drink last night."
"Ahh Nazilla!"
"When someone reposts my original content..."
"I wish I had these controls"
"I want to go to there"
"Need to bring your cat somewhere? Try this..."
"Went looking for a new cat crate for going to the vet  found something far superior. I look forward to not using a leash anymore."
"I had this idea a long time ago... bullshit."
"Just a little gift to go with your cat"
"I made you order that pizza."
"Hot  ready  and METAL."
"Reddit is down."
"oh fuck"
"I once thought I had mono for an entire year. It turned out I was just really bored."
"Hello? no this is not dog... not yet"
"Human+Dog=WTF"
"That's the closest thing to a real werewolf I've ever seen. Warning Gore"
"BEST. TOY. EVER. [Fixed]"
"Awesome water playground"
"Damn  right in the childhood"
"One of the best trolls I've seen..."
"Disguised weapons wanted"
"At least it's not empty."
"Well thanks for rubbing it in."
"It's the little things in Reddit sometimes."
"It's the little things in Reddit sometimes."
"One of the small reasons for why I love Reddit."
"Because fuck working"
"I need this!"
"I usually don't like bulldogs  but this is too cute."
"Basically how the conversations are going on the field."
"How confused are the replacement NFL refs?"
"Touchdown!"
"Nailed it"
"She packs a big lunch."
"Not giving a fuck level 1000"
"How I reacted when I found out my little cousin has better items than me on Team Fortress 2"
"The first time I saw a girl naked"
"11 years later to the day I still cry"
"Never Forget"
"A resident of Kyoshi gets into an argument with the corner of a house and loses"
"Im still alive  motherfucker [nsfw]"
"Alfred Hitchcock \m/"
"Alfred Hitchcock F'g Rocked.."
"Dog hugging dog"
"Woah [xpost from woahdude]"
"Mesmerizing."
"WTF? No  Seriously...I'm Asking You  WTF?"
"Teatime for Ozzy and Slash"
"4chan admins clearly love Reddit (x-post from 4/4chan)."
"I'm no engineer; but  it seems logical."
"This is how I fix my things"
"More action then I will ever get. (first cake day ever)"
"Happy birthday to Reddits favourite comedian."
"Happy Birthday Louis C.K."
"Searched Robert Downey Jr.  needless to say I was not disappointed"
"Same Name"
"Right in the childhood"
"selfbicyclekick"
"I'll have your leg!"
"Who is the baker who said &quot;This is going to look so appetizing&quot;?"
"Futurama sums it up pretty well [X-Post from r/funny]"
"Absolutely terrifying."
"Ready for Halloween..."
"For your Halloween enjoyment  I present bat cat..."
"When I first slide it in."
"Obama fist-bumping a janitor [x-post /r/pics]"
"This is why he has my vote"
"Where is Skeletor?"
"A beautiful image from a massive fire last night."
"Taken as a local business burned down (Windsor  Ontario)"
"You're going to have to blow harder than that!"
"I walked into the bathroom today to find this. I'm a bit scared."
"While reading that regrettable sexual acts thread last night."
"Any NSFL link ever."
"Went on R/spacedicks for the first time..."
"when i accidentally click a nsfl link..."
"To all the haters."
"It Finally  Actually Happened."
"Cute little Barn Owls"
"I'd probably have killed her anyway."
"What the..."
"Ugly Baby."
"Very bendy"
"Some crazy Eiffel Tower artwork"
"Little twist on the Eiffel Tower"
"When my girlfriend makes a joke that's funny."
"me want cookie"
"It's the truth no matter what you say"
"This would have made this film so much better"
"Did you steal that watermelon?"
"Meanwhile  in Romania"
"o_o [NSFW]"
"What I have to do before I die."
"Since I couldn't get Diablo 3  I played this for the first time."
"Hey reddit  do you really know why cats purr?"
"Surprised I Havent Seen this Combo Yet"
"This is probably my favourite photo on the Internet."
"Humans aren't the only ones who photo-bomb pictures"
"HELP ME!!!"
"Jesus was here"
"You gonna eat that..?"
"Searching Jeff Goldblum  ran into this"
"Skrillex dropping the bass"
"How I felt upon hearing that a Scarface remake has been given to the Fast and the Furious screenwriter..."
"Why do you have to make me feel this way  finals?"
"Watch It Fly...."
"There it goes..."
"i miss it sometimes"
"Movie Map of the US"
"I give it a 10"
"Probably a repost... but YAY FOR CORGIES in lifejackets jumping into water!"
"The first was a hoot  the second a little frightening  third ain't no thing and the fourth  I had gum on my shoe- could you believe it?"
"Dammit Arthur  not again."
"This is not how i remember Arthur..."
"Hitler- a proud woman of color"
"Black Hitler"
"LSD..."
"r/aww production chain"
"I'm told Reddit likes cats"
"Just a furry critter with its head in a cup for my reddit birthday. That is all."
"It multiplies with water"
"Pixar IRL"
"OMG! Is this real??"
"Result from searching Google Images for &quot;Best Picture Ever&quot;"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this [FIXED]"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this.[Fixed]"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this. [Fixed]"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this. [fixed]"
"Things you find on google"
"Don't we all.."
"Stewie going camping"
"United we stand... United we fall"
"Worst suicide pact ever"
"Simply gorgeous."
"Insects can be beautiful too."
"I'm still waiting for another game with these little guys in it..."
"I don't care  these little guys are still the cutest things from any video game."
"The one thing Sonic Team should consider rehashing to revitalize their flagship enterprise"
"So this showed up in my newsfeed this morning..."
"Huh..I never thought of it like that.... [FB]"
"Here I have found new gaymers name + logo."
"When you see it..."
"Either Jezus or Chewbacca."
"He works in mysterious ways..."
"Am I the only one who sees Jesus? - Imgur"
"Jesus sighting (this time its not toast)"
"Wasn't a believer until I saw him for myself"
"Getting beaten to a chest in Borderlands..."
"Scarlett Johansson's latest tattoo"
"Dear soda-machine restocker:"
"World's greatest troll."
"How to piss off Reddit [FIXED]"
"How to piss off reddit [fixed] [fixed]"
"My face when Amazon cloud services go down..."
"Freedom is just a few inches away"
"A cage."
"Caffeine Crystal"
"I just found out this is how coffee looks like magnified gazillion times. It actually looks cool!"
"Terry Crews steals the show"
"just Terry Crews"
"Cat hates you."
"Why yes  that is a chicken in space."
"Malaysian Spiderman saves everyone"
"When I wake up in the morning still drunk"
"What a coincidence....nah  that ain't photoshopped.."
"One year ago today  my father unexpectedly passed away. This is one of my favorite self portraits he took when he was traveling around Europe during the 50's."
"Omg it spins!"
"Well Reddit  you've finally stolen my soul for 1 year. Fuck it  my favorite picture yet. (CAKE DAY)"
"Go for it  I dare you."
"How to trap a hipster"
"Hipster trapping season..."
"Popped eye"
"Photorealistic Popeye"
"Popeye"
"Entering a new fandom."
"POWERRRRRRRRRRR!"
"How I look when I enter the post office with 3 minutes to turn in my taxes."
"Avengers Old Spice (original post /r/funny)"
"So I googled &quot;so I googled&quot;.....this was the first result."
"My favorite Snooki moment"
"Every time this .gif loops  my day gets twice as good."
"Oh yeah? Whatcha gonna do  tough guy? You can't hit a gi..."
"GF tells me to get off Reddit and goto Tumblr"
"Space Shuttle Breaching the Clouds."
"Simply  amazing."
"He thought he'd try a bite of Hypnotoad"
"Sweet Dreams are Made of Cat"
"Anyone esle watch asdf movie?"
"I know how you feel mr. kitty cat"
"Reddit: Now with 2.5x more color!"
"Nyan cat's little sister."
"Because Reddit likes seeing cats do useful things"
"Nice Moves."
"I want a cat that does this."
"Oh the irony"
"The world's first lolcat? (Artist: Harry Whittier Frees)"
"I never thought i would actually be more scared of the waiting room than the actual dentist... well  i thought wrong."
"Like a boss"
"When I fall over drunk"
"Well Hello  Sir!"
"Fuck the system!"
"The truth hurts"
"Great scott!"
"I now support cannibalism"
"A true American hero"
"Seth Rogen nails it."
"Seth Rogen gets it right."
"Brothers."
"&quot;THIS&quot;..is the ending that always makes me tear up.."
"This works too perfectly..."
"Hand of god"
"I don't even know why I find this hilarious."
"Creepy batman"
"Is it me you're looking for?"
"Well played  walmart. Well played."
"Macho Man LOVES hamsters (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Randy Savage Elbow dropping a hamster"
"MADNESS"
"Kane vs Heath Slater"
"This maze took 7 years to draw!"
"This maze took seven years to draw"
"A man spent seven years drawing this maze."
"Best. Dungeon map. Ever. (x-post from r/pics)"
"I solved the seven year maze in seven seconds"
"It took me 7 years to get the underground blueprints of Disneyland."
"Every time I step on a piece of Lego..."
"Damn..."
"Dat crater."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"The evolution of video game controllers."
"Every time I look at my Facebook newsfeed."
"when I post on a frontpage submission in hope for karma and get none"
"when people who came in after you get their food first a restaurant"
"When the person before you doesn't flush"
"How everyone feels with the NFL"
"somebody's been drinking on the job..."
"Man  I miss this dude!"
"Crikey! My own subreddit!"
"It's been 6 years since Steve Irwin died..He was awesome."
"First time I had sex. MFW."
"I see what jew did there"
"Thug life."
"Thug life."
"Dodging the SOPA Bullet on Reddit Cake Day"
"America now that Santorum dropped out."
"How I feel when people tell me there are many fish in the sea..."
"After I see that I aced my exam..."
"This is one of my all time favorite Gifs"
"Finally Phelps earned his first gold medal for 2012"
"Super Swimmer EEEEENNNT!!!"
"Michael Phelps after claiming the record for number of Olympic medals"
"Don't tell me what to do"
"Obama dancing"
"If you like me then you should put your vote on it (gif)"
"Obama getting ready to renew his vows"
"Ladies for Obama"
"good job 'Merica"
"What I imagine is going on in Obama's head right now."
"Obama Single Ladies"
"Good Job 'Merica"
"That's Right  Obama Did Win."
"A house"
"geological architecture"
"Say cheese!"
"How i feel on my last day of work for 2011"
"HIFW My grandmother makes a dirty joke"
"Getting to a thread infected with arrow_to_the_knee"
"That moment when the professor says attendance is not mandatory."
"I'm looking for the original video of this. Can anyone help? I can't stop laughing!"
"Logic...."
"Stay classy  Christians"
"Send a smile."
"Because the bible says so"
"Oh Dumbledore....."
"How I imagine players on the enemy team look when they start the &quot;noob talk&quot;."
"Reddit seems to like street art  so here's some Banksy"
"Flying close to a Volcano"
"Pharaoh's Serpent"
"but but....how? O.o"
"Who remembers this great piece of nostalgia?"
"What the fuck sis?"
"A pair of great tits"
"Real life slender man....fuck"
"I think a little over the top with the piercings"
"Cake. Space cat. Karma. etc."
"Biggie goes old school."
"Gimmie the Lute!"
"That's why the mascot is an alien  man"
"God particle conspiracy..."
"RE:AKA every episode of the Big Bang Theory"
"Keanu on The Philosoraptor"
"Today more than ever  Keanu"
"Thinking in the shower..."
"What if...."
"Dear mother of god..."
"Classic Conspiracy Keanu"
"Colorblind people..."
"Never thought about it till now"
"I had the same thought...."
"wait...fox news..."
"Hurrrrrr. Punny crows are best crows."
"Crows"
"... in the first degree"
"I'm going to have to take you to jail for..."
"1st degree or..."
"Attempted Murder"
"Can't tell if r/Aww or r/CloseCall..."
"Nom"
"Last meal."
"Your last meal"
"Bill Cosby on grandmothers"
"This scene always makes me sentimental"
"Epic dog. It was his birthday."
"this dog makes me laugh every time. SO HAPPY."
"Living on the edge"
"Made this to celebrate the whopping 4 upvotes I got in /r/gif"
"What? For me? Thank you!"
"THIS Dad"
"Such a hipster family."
"That's the spot!"
"Can Not Stop Laughing at This"
"Fuck you  I'm a box."
"Stop Reddit I have to work...NO!!!"
"How you doin? Well fuck you too."
"Can't agree more with this after watching Snow White and the Huntsman"
"I told my girlfriend I had downloaded a new app on her IPAD. Nailed it"
"Am I doing this right?"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn."
"Being more than halfway to the weekend"
"Thank you sir!"
"Hipster goose."
"Nice shoes goose"
"Work those sandals  honey!"
"Dammit  Scruffy..."
"I Must DANCE!"
"And he never returned"
"I MUST DANCE!"
"Damn you Scruffy"
"My favorite picture from the internet"
"One of my favourite quotes from this show"
"Baby Chipmunk"
"14 Karat Gold Nuggets"
"The trustworthiness of beards"
"Trustworthiness of Beards"
"The Trustworthiness of Beards"
"When you're right you're right"
"So i sez to dah brod..."
"AH HA!"
"So we meet again!"
"So We Meet Again!"
"Seahorse meets a diver's watch"
"Combining old with new... So hipster  man."
"Now that's a problem.."
"Submarine breaking through arctic ice."
"The girl scouts seem to be taking more drastic measures..."
"Glad to see Capcom pleasing fans for a change."
"Ace Attorney 5  featuring Phoenix's return to protagonist  confirmed for 3DS (story/detail in comments)"
"the awkward moment when your friend's &quot;fat arm&quot; makes you look naked"
"Every time I see a math word problem....."
"I never understood math"
"I'll just drive fast."
"80% of Pokemon gameplay"
"80% of pokemon gameplay (x-post from funny)"
"This cat is wearing murder."
"I'm an asshole."
"Why a capacitor blocks DC?"
"Bullshit Level"
"ULTIMATE BETA [fb]"
"sin b/tan b="
"How I imagine the people who comment on gonewild posts"
"When i am 7 beers in."
"Almost caught him..."
"this cracks me up everytime"
"Hey!!! What are you doing..."
"Ouch"
"In bedrooms all across america.."
"I aspire to be like Gaben...someday..."
"Up there  smiling down."
"It's all good"
"His awkward moment is better than yours..."
"Girlfriend's dad owns this little douche canoe [X-post r/facepalm]"
"How I felt when I received my new camera lens yesterday..."
"Only Australia..."
"How does this happen..?"
"so i was browsing the comics of Shadbase.com...and well...truth is i lold but WTF"
"I'VE BEEN WAITING HOURS TO USE THIS"
"Obama's first phone call after tonight."
"told you so"
"U mad?"
"What I imagine Obama's face looked like when he was on the phone with Romney tonight."
"You're upset about Obama winning?"
"He won."
"Here's Obama's reaction to Republicans"
"Obama Calling Mitt [The Race for Karma]"
"Four more years"
"Smugness embodied. Best picture of Obama  ever."
"You knew it was coming"
"Have some nostalgia."
"Screw you guys with your Half-Life 3  THIS is the game I'm really looking forward to"
"scrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrREEEEEEEEE"
"Creepy Girl"
"Frightening."
"One for every occasion"
"nailed it"
"I only check facebook once a week"
"I have cancer."
"first thing i noticed after watching storage wars"
"...How? [FIXED]"
"How I feel almost every day."
"I think we can all relate"
"Youtube These days"
"Would you like to see my hops?"
"One is not like the others"
"Go home  house. You're drunk."
"Bike of bricks."
"Why do we need trucks?"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Meanwhile in India"
"This might not end very well"
"Cat Doesn't Approve"
"Whilst sitting on a bench surrounded by birds  I put my phone camera on the ground and threw bread crumbs in front of the lens."
"Angry birds."
"HEY! Guess what!"
"When one of my classmates claimed Internet Explorer 9 is better than Google Chrome."
"How the fu..........."
"Super Guy"
"Beets by Dre"
"Beets by Dre"
"Picture of a submarine battle"
"I heard you like cranes  so..."
"Dubstep cat"
"The most delicious cheese of all."
"That boy's gonna have a bad time..."
"Wtf? why does this exist?"
"photoshop level: painful"
"Makes me cringe!"
"The Gordan Freeman who waited"
"Get well soon!"
"ah yeah  i'm well gangsta..."
"God said: no tats"
"My friend REALLY wants me to smoke with him... this happened last night"
"Boobs."
"AAAHHH!!!"
"Catch a Wave"
"the lion loves you"
"You're flawless and i love you."
"Bunny flop in slow motion"
"Just got up for work...this is how I feel"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Hardcore parkour"
"OH HELL NOPE"
"Don't be like Dick!"
"Today on my campus  UW - Eau Claire"
"Wisconsin Telling It Like It Is"
"This sign says what all of us think."
"This guy came to campus today and was preaching about how homosexuality is wrong. A few students got creative"
"We both fits and sits here"
"Frostbitten Sky"
"The only way to travel."
"I'm so glad!!"
"Christian Bale rolled through my town too"
"Christian Bale."
"I think I will start marketing this to creationists."
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"Unsure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Unsure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"You know you're unemployed when this is attractive"
"You know you're unemployed when this is attractive"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"4000 years of medicine."
"4000 Years of Medicine"
"I don't know why everyone hates Nickleback so much. I like them.."
"This would be a great solution to that &quot;other arm&quot; problem while spooning."
"guess who"
"Alright CNN  enough with the puns. (xpost from r/trees)"
"It's dangerous to go alone..."
"A friend of mine uploaded this pic to FB... I'll just lay it here"
"new fav office prank"
"Everytime I go to a coffee shop [fixed]"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop [FIXED FIXED]"
"A Picture worth ten thousand words. (Greg Cook hugs his dog Coco after finding her inside his destroyed home in a tornado)"
"For those i love  i will sacrifice......"
"For those I love  I will sacrifice"
"Hillary Clinton getting low"
"Tennis Down-Under"
"LEVEL UP!!"
"ONE CAT. ONE DREAM. ONE DESTINY."
"Karma saved him."
"How it feels trying to leave Reddit"
"When I try to get off Reddit to go to bed."
"The truth"
"Best part of E3 so far [fixed]"
"After all the panic here in Virginia."
"She looks thrilled!"
"terrorist prank"
"Its just funny! [6]"
"Deep thoughts."
"Anything is possible"
"You'll never know"
"Today is my Cake day. I told myself over one year ago I would never join Reddit because it was lame. I can proudly say: I so was wrong."
"So fresh. So clean."
"A Walrus Doing Sit-Ups....."
"&quot;Al. Please. I don't care for such behavior.&quot;"
"Just Al Pacino and Christopher Walken"
"Al Pacino and Christopher Walken"
"Le Rage Comic"
"/b/ does a rage comic."
"From /b/ to f7u12"
"God Does The Washing"
"&quot;/r/christianity needed more humor&quot;"
"How I think of the New Zealand border as a Australian"
"Happy Holidays! [NSFL]"
"Happy Hood Christmas!"
"Holiday Season Tradition (NSFW)"
"For passengers using iOS6..."
"Laughed when i saw this"
"So...where is the waiter going?"
"Getting humbled trying to run to the front page. [GIF]"
"Charlie Manson  you're so silly."
"&quot;Every Emoticon&quot; starring  Charles Manson"
"Today I woke up with a tic in my face; a doctor friend told me I should move my face muscles for a while. This is how I feel my co workers see me..."
"Scumbag America"
"I bet he does it everytime too."
"I seriously just met someone like this"
"Pisses me off to no end"
"I think this applies to every team based game in existence"
"Scumbag Steve goes to the movies"
"Scumbag Guinness World Records"
"She speaks the truth"
"Wait a sec..."
"The reason I can't find another job."
"Those damn ears"
"This is so true."
"Whoever thought of this is a genius."
"Why didn't I know about this earlier?"
"GENIUS"
"Why I Love Space"
"Not impressed!!"
"Socially Awkward Penguin Regret"
"This happened to a buddy of mine"
"I don't know which one is John Connor. FUCK IT"
"Deleted scene from Terminator 2: Judgement Day"
"Only in Texas...."
"Just a little higher... (xpost from /r/wtf)"
"Check out the beautiful Texas sky"
"how i feel as a christian on reddit"
"how i feel as an atheist in mississippi"
"Grandma I told you not pull up my favorites!!!"
"Everytime I'm gaming and someone is talking to me"
"Thumb Man"
"Good ol' thumb head."
"Superstar!"
"daylight savings and shit..."
"Best job ever..."
"What's the coolest perk/thing you've gotten free with a game? (virtual hats don't count)"
"Facebook friends  you disgust me."
"The reaction when you click on that post that makes you take a break from reddit"
"Guess no one in /r/funny gets gaming..."
"Dude...LOOK UP!"
"When you mix beer with politics..."
"The Devil &amp; God must be having one epic duel"
"Hello!"
"When I realize someone is staring at me while I am eating.."
"Walking outside with my Boss...He ask's me if I smoke...I answered &quot;Smoke what?&quot;...His reaction"
"Do not interrupt while I'm eating."
"I wanted my mom to make this cake  but couldn't find the image anywhere. She made this instead."
"Killed by.... a piss javelin??"
"Listening to people talk about the proposed CBA"
"What happens when you feed your cat a web fish in Torchlight. (x-post from r/aww)"
"Bubbles is so excited for Halloween!"
"Apple  Nokia &amp; Samsung ..."
"Apple  Nokia  Samsung ... - Imgur"
"I felt sorry for the hypnotist..."
"Chief.mp3"
"Halo Gangnam Style!"
"chief thrust."
"So your logic is I could get hit by a bus tomorrow so I should smoke today? Hmm seems legit."
"Honest Pizza Roll Directions"
"My first pictrue on reddit (X-post)"
"And here is a chimp holding a tiger cub"
"cats dont like toast"
"kitty  why you so silly?"
"WHY IS THE BREAD DOING THIS TO ME"
"this is how i feel every time i walk into a spiderweb"
"Soon..."
"Winter..."
"Does anyone else do &quot;The Tuck&quot;?"
"The tuck"
"All I can say is LADIIIIIIES!"
"Lions chilling"
"Dark and Beautiful - the Black Eye Galaxy - [897x1065]"
"So thats why you guys like him so much!"
"Masturbation Question?"
"Masturbation (SFW)"
"Canada and America"
"How I feel when I get a Zynga game request on Facebook"
"How I feel when someone I met only once tries to add me on facebook"
"How I imagine 4chan feels every time we talk about them"
"The faces of Diving"
"TIL that in mid air divers look like they are taking the biggest shit"
"Olympic divers mid-dive vs. dirty mind"
"Olympic Divers in Mid Form"
"Athletes from the Diving"
"Athletes from Diving"
"Athletes from Diving"
"Olympic Divers."
"Diving faces"
"The many faces of olympic diving"
"Reflection Is Everything"
"How I felt when my best friend said HIMYM is a stupid show"
"Yummy dance."
"When the guy tied up in my basement begs me for food"
"Fuck yeah childhood."
"In Before the Lava"
"George R. R. Martin's approach to writing."
"Robot sex doll from the future"
"Radioactivity is neat. That is all."
"Summary of the Republican Convention"
"WTFSNAKE"
"if you drive with these"
"O lame pun coon"
"I wouldn't mind to working there."
"A Year of Wasted Time - My Favorite Pic"
"How I fall asleep"
"Star Wars Episode IV new action figures announced - Aunt Beru &amp; Uncle Owen"
"That awesome moment when..."
"Me during the entire duration of 'The Expendables 2' (NO SPOILER)"
"This has happened at least once in your life (.gif)"
"I hate when this happens..."
"when I first met my new black room-mate."
"Earth [2048x2048] You are Here"
"Make a Map Good Enough and it will be Used for 4.54 Billion Years"
"Wait  is that what I think it is.."
"Amnesia Limited Edition Box Art"
"Pecking order"
"Best costume ever?"
"Best costume design ever"
"I will just leave this here....(Fixed)"
"This is how cyborgs are made"
"When you thought it's safe to go back in the air..."
"When you thought it's safe to go back in the air..."
"MissKick"
"how i feel posting links to reddit"
"New safety specs for the iPhone"
"Wtf!!!"
"Cat + laserpen = endless fun"
"catch this .......:)"
"Baby pictures are usually annoying."
"Badass..."
"So a friend and I were flying across the Atlantic last night and this is what we saw outside."
"I now play a game where you type random letters after the URL on imgur and see the results. This has been my favourite so far."
"Gary Spivey"
"Whenever I get a tough math problem right..."
"Dolphin riding a whale. yup."
"dam universe you so pretty"
"Big Bird came out to vote today"
"Big Bird In Line To Vote"
"&quot;V&quot; is for Voting"
"I'll never understand how they convinced him to dress like that..."
"So there was once this movie Zardoz and it was about the future"
"Who says cats can't be trained?"
"The mail is here"
"How u look when I have porn in the mail"
"How I look when I get porn in the mail"
"Cat Burglar Boss"
"How the dinosaurs died [INFOGRAPHIC]"
"Why didn't they just sell the shovels and buy food?"
"Graffiti at its finest."
"Seapig"
"Evolution's a bitch."
"Umm......holy shit. [Possibly NSFW]"
"Seriously though... Wtf?!?!"
"I'm pretty sure this WTF  i mean the guy in yellow alone..."
"Not Sure Whats Going On Here"
"When i go to put my food in the microwave and discover its for the oven"
"My boss asked if I was going to lunch"
"The farmer tried to milk me"
"Once."
"Fashion week in New York City"
"Fashion week in New York City (x-post from r/pics)"
"I spent the better part of my night trying to come up with a title for this picture. (xpost r/MorbidReality)"
"Contrast of Society"
"Truer Words Were Never Spoken."
"I finally found one!!"
"How I feel when the U.S wins a gold medal."
"yawn."
"Big boys don't cry"
"Snakes will chase you."
"This man will dance to any music"
"Flappy face."
"Guy Love"
"best... idea.... ever"
"This is TOO good. Oh  Peter."
"I almost want to try this"
"I'm slightly disturbed..."
"This happens this year"
"How I feel after getting no upvotes"
"How I imagine people complaining that a repost of their original image got more upvotes."
"When I realized that I forgot my own cake day."
"The Real Reason behind Bane's Mask"
"I see you sexual business name and raise you.....this"
"Oh you hate your job?"
"With a half hour commute to school  MFW class is canceled after I get there."
"How I feel realizing my cakeday is on 9/11."
"Obsidia  anyone? [Another Gifsound]"
"This is  word for word  what I told my friend the other day"
"DJ Heisman"
"Breakdown of Social Media"
"Social Media Explained"
"Slow and steady wins the fight."
"Slow and steady wins the fight. [ex-post from r/funny]"
"All men can feel this too"
"Ouch!!!!"
"I did the random image thing on imgur  and this showed up. What in the actual fuck."
"Did you take my cracker?"
"Don't worry he can still call back"
"Karma at its finest."
"Not even trying to hide it"
"Ohh La Whattttt??"
"Hungry Hippo IRL"
"Give me your marbles!!"
"I never had this game..."
"Hungry hungry homicidal hippos"
"Hungry hungry hippos in real life."
"In honor of my cakeday  here's what I have for you reddit."
"So  today is my brothers birthday. This is what I said when he asked what I got him."
"As a man living by himself with no family close by  this is what I got for Christmas!"
"I accidentally used the wrong link when I submitted something."
"What I look like when I've seen everyone post their arbitrary day gifts and I won't be getting re-matched."
"Union Tribune ad placement fail"
"Closed my tabs of shame to see this"
"What happens in congress."
"Understanding the logic behind Upvotes and Downvotes ratio."
"When political commercials from different parties come on back to back..."
"A depiction of a Christian argument. (xpost from r/funny)"
"Lady Gaga"
"I googled &quot;shitty instagram photo.&quot; Satisfied."
"Kept misreading it."
"Deep into having fun."
"Flashdance"
"Seen a lot of this gif around  but nothing that fits it quite as well as this..."
"Come little children"
"Too much?"
"Suck on my big fat"
"Kitten Kisses"
"mother and kitten (x-post from /r/CatWallpapers)"
"Dolphin Dive"
"How I feel with nothing to post on my cakeday"
"Funniest Goal I've Seen in a Long time"
"Best Goal Ever."
"The iPhone 5's Success"
"My go-to line on first dates."
"Hanging out with someone I don't know (when sober)"
"That's just the way it is."
"This could not be more accurate"
"School"
"So true..."
"ERMAGERS BERBLES!!!"
"The Glory Portal"
"True reason portal was made"
"Every time I hear about Taken 2."
"When me and my buddies walk into the club."
"How I feel when I see all the &quot;highschool sucks&quot; posts on twitter and facebook."
"Missed your cakeday?"
"What arguing with a redditor feels like"
"Hit me with your best shot"
"i get knocked down..."
"Wtf eyes"
"How I imagine theists actually interpret their holy scriptures."
"The only reasonable reaction to excessive PDA"
"Troll Level?"
"Don't lie  you'd all love to do this to those PDA couples"
"&quot;Maria  call the sign guy&quot;"
"You might think this was photoshopped but it's not. (proof video in comments)"
"Like a boss."
"How many of you recognize this game?"
"I never knew Hooters had a sense of humor."
"Won a new Toyoda!"
"Whenever someone I don’t recognize waves at me"
"I understand..."
"No fucks given."
"In the aftermath of Sandy hitting the East Coast"
"As an Ent in Oregon"
"Then this innocent man would still have his arm"
"GTA V will be here soon  and this is how it makes me feel."
"5 days after my girlfriend left me"
"After seeing the IKEA monkey..."
"With my family members and multiple redditors getting lucky..."
"After seeing all my friends show off their cool presents they got from their girlfriend."
"Why yes... yes I should."
"Nba 2k13-Trying to get your field goal percentage up in my career when your guy has an open lane."
"Was about to purchase another subscription to XBL when suddenly..."
"After seeing all my drunken texts this morning"
"Meanwhile in Austrailian politics [Fixed]"
"Look who i ran into today"
"Bill Murray on a $5 Bill."
"Five dolla Bill Murray"
"Finally Link did it"
"I wish..."
"The most annoying person in Skyrim."
"10mins till it goes down"
"Who fucking touched me?"
"I shall play you the song of my people."
"Vito dancing to dubstep"
"Vito Deacon freak out."
"I know I will be downvoted for this  but....."
"ultra downy"
"Bad bad rain"
"Notes from the piano falling like raindrops on the sidewalk."
"Stephen Fry on being offended"
"Stephen Fry sums it up."
"Old but great - Stephen Fry on 'offence'"
"DERP"
"Best dinosaur gif ever"
"This just makes everything okay"
"How soon is too soon?"
"Ads you'll never see again."
"Lasers. All of it was lasers."
"Jaw penetration"
"Best (and worst) TV Show to air in years"
"Apple Maps development team"
"Starmie [I swear  it grows if you stare at it...]"
"It's that time of year again..."
"Bromance"
"Skrillex attacked by a bee"
"Remember this?!"
"Need a reminder!"
"I've never wanted pizza more in my life than right now after seeing this"
"What a Karmawhore"
"Karma: Fast and easy."
"That color really brings out his eyes"
"If you haven't got a Halloween costume yet just wear this in the sluttiest way possible."
"Christopher Walken Halloween cut out mask"
"Get your hands off me!"
"OMG"
"finally receiving my sonic slush after 4 hours of a road trip"
"I could look at this cat all fucking day"
"Just hanging out."
"Ohai  just hanging"
"Dinocar"
"TRON VADER"
"Fields of Lavender in Provence  France [1002x674]"
"This is why I shop online for presents (especially Christmas) instead of going to the shops!"
"Nothing about this is appropriate for ages 5+"
"Can you draw this ship?"
"Made in Germany."
"Quality"
"Me on Graduation Day."
"How i see my graduation"
"This popped up on my facebook  thought you guys might get a kick out of it."
"Life Experience."
"A life pro-tip  especially for younger redditors."
"Quite simply _________"
"Real Life Canyonero"
"So  I found this today..."
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Things To Say During Sex [flow chart]"
"Atheists are just too damn adorable..."
"The Sun laughed when scientists said the world wide web would change billions of lives in 1991"
"&quot;Computer 'web' to change billions of lives (yeah  right)&quot;"
"World wide what?"
"World Wide What? From 1991."
"A day in the life of Foam Man"
"reflection ..."
"Not there"
"When things go wrong..."
"anyone remember this chill motherfucker?"
"Reconstruction [gif]"
"Who makes for the prettiest lady?"
"Da Fuq?"
"Woah..."
"Hitlers other  lesser known book"
"My boyfriend when the period comes"
"What did 5 fingers say to the face!"
"What did 5 fingers say to the face! (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Whenever I post orignal content"
"My new favorite downvote gif"
"How I plan to handle reposts in the future."
"What did the five fingers..."
"Welcome to the upvote island."
"Now That's an Obituary"
"Meanwhile  in Russia....."
"Sir  Please..."
"Arrested Mid-Haircut"
"When Friends and I Go Out to a Club"
"White People"
"This is great..."
"The gif sound version of &quot;Syntax Error&quot;...Does not compute."
"Matt and Karen go to Korea"
"White"
"Dolphin pod in the surf"
"Cantaloupe"
"Billy do you want to play soccer???"
"I raise your dancing Scruffy w/ a dancing Billy"
"Jacob  come back here!"
"Child cats"
"You know the goddamn difference between a cat and a kitten."
"The comments funny at least"
"How to Argue with a Woman"
"This ones for you Dot - Baby Kangaroo"
"Smoochies!!"
"The real gateway drug..."
"Horxer? Boxorse?"
"Just a Bulldog Horse."
"Had a house party. Someone suggested we cook a pizza. This was the result."
"It's my cake day  so for my first post on Reddit I decided to share my favorite picture"
"Every time I try to get to the front page..."
"Disco"
"What is the origin of this GIF??"
"come here  girl."
"Rappers Delight"
"Rapper's Delight [x-post]"
"Disco time!"
"So Fresh"
"Discodisk Party Sex"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson at Disneyworld [FIXED]"
"Why  god? Why?"
"Carrie Fisher &lt;3"
"Carrie Fisher looks so young and innocent."
"Am I the only one that wanted this screensaver to be an actual game when I was a kid?"
"Who else was bummed that they couldn't play this game when they were a kid?"
"I'm still waiting on this sequel..."
"Canadian football halftime (x/post from r/canada)"
"Fuck everyone."
"Something I saw in school today"
"Whenever my roommates convince me to join their fantasy football league."
"Anytime I have to do a cool handshake with a black guy"
"Strangely arousing"
"Cake Day gif"
"The Champ still has it"
"Are you ready to handle a Furby?"
"If you ever come across a Facebook fight  just use this link."
"I saw the gif  and this was the music I heard. End of story."
"MFW People actually thought HCF was shutting down."
"And the award for boner-killer tattoo goes to..."
"Complete disregard for the LCPD"
"Because physics."
"How I feel when I get a box of assorted candies for Christmas"
"Facebooked an old HS acquaintance who was always doodling in class. Found this gem in his online portfolio."
"3...2...1..."
"Yo Mr. White!"
"I googled Reddit Lover and this came up."
"The dance keeps him safe..."
"Learning early"
"Finally  some truth on the internet"
"Ride or Die."
"I can tell this is going to end in a catastrophe!"
"Happy Independence Day! Lets not forget what America is about."
"I've never been so terrified in my life."
"It's my cake day?!"
"Goddamnit kitten you're not a fish...get out of that bowl."
"Great hiding spot... they'll never find me here!"
"How I react when I see a single HOT girl in a bar."
"When I get called up to get my diploma."
"Fucking flowers."
"Fucking flowers."
"Came across this while going through my old hard drive"
"Possibly the best picture made from cases of pop I've ever seen..."
"Hey pal "
"Hey pal."
"Renewable energy?"
"Go home Jeep  you're drunk."
"Maine earthquake 10/16/2012"
"We will rebuild."
"How will New England ever recover?"
"Maine Earthquake 11/16/12"
"So Maine had its first Earthquake since 1957..."
"Mustache"
"It's a serious problem"
"Cats love chasing lasers"
"Can't stand it."
"Staying a cat."
"Craig Lamar Traylor a.k.a Stevie from Malcolm in the Middle"
"360 Teabag."
"The rarest tiger yet..."
"awesome visual phenomenon known as &quot;light pillars&quot;"
"Ice crystals in the air creating pillars of light over Jackson  Wyoming"
"As a car engineer is this pretty much the way I work"
"The downside in having a bat cave..."
"Every time..."
"Livin' the life"
"Ye Olde Pokemon (Portable Atrocities)"
"Welcome to Tisdale. Wait a second..."
"Golf ball after collision"
"/r/Baltimore meetup gone wild...NSFW"
"From the r/Baltimore local meetup pictures...NSFW (FIXED) ... right?"
"All I could think of when this pic of a Reddit meetup popped up in a comment thread"
"This is a picture from a reddit Baltimore meetup that I have nothing to do with. nsfw"
"One of the few gifs that actually make me cringe."
"my first kitten"
"Just an old advertisement for a 1 GHz CPU  fastest &quot;Street-Legal&quot; CPU of all time"
"Saw this on Facebook today  my 12yr old cousin had just liked it. That escalated quickly!"
"9:03 AM"
"9-11: Seldom seen shot taken just before the South Tower impact."
"Because I forget sometimes."
"Gets me every time"
"Reposts on Reddit"
"How reddit feels about reposts"
"How reddit feels about reposts[fixed]"
"Ronald McDonald baby"
"someone in my apartment complex is baking cookies"
"How I want to address reddit sometime."
"The mother of all books!"
"This is how women in NYC get a head start for dinner....I just love this city....!!!"
"Man's life"
"AWW ITS JUST SO CUTE YOU CANT DENY IT ! &lt;3"
"I'm not fat!"
"I'm not fat.."
"I googled what it feels like to be high"
"Man  that was some good stuff..."
"Cannot unsee.."
"Perfect Match"
"A fun  new way to choose what you drink with breakfast!"
"Just A Simple Flow Chart"
"they're touring again"
"Just got this on my gmail Inbox folder. Seems legit."
"Fuck yeah!"
"Greatest gif of all time"
"the best gif on the internet. the gif to end all gifs. gif."
"the GIF"
"Everything you will ever know on TV"
"So much pop culture  and such a stupid face"
"Made my day"
"I&quot;ll just leave this here...."
"my favorite GIF and possible the best GIF like...ever..."
"I could watch this go on and on forever."
"It's been a year since I joined Reddit.. So here's a picture from a forum I used to go on. (NSFW)"
"FIGHT!"
"I Challenge you to a duel!!!!!"
"Finally  an incredibly creative and original tourist picture from Pisa"
"Stay classy  tourists."
"Well then..."
"I always wished someone made this image  so I did. Definitely forgot a few  but these are the biggies."
"Useful for driving at night  even for non-ent's."
"This has been essential on my road trips. I hope other Ents will find this just as useful"
"So this is how a sewing machine works.."
"There is no god"
"NOPE"
"Nothing like a nice handful...."
"How the FUCK is this a good idea?"
"The cloud over Rio this morning.."
"Pop vs. soda breakdown in the United States."
"Generic names for soft drinks in the U.S."
"Pop? Soda? Coke? Generic Names for Soft Drinks in the US (by county)"
"Hey Reddit  what do YOU call it?"
"Map of USA  for generic names of soft drinks by county (Soda  vs Pop  vs Coke)"
"Cuter than a cat? I think so."
"Red panda !"
"Midnight Stealth Agent (Xpost HUMANPORN)"
"Hey Redditors  SF needs your help! Anybody know or seen this asshole around?"
"San Francisco Police Department is looking for help to find this person."
"When I first read John Boehner's name"
"Nah son  free pie."
"Free pie."
"Naptime"
"Silly  that's not what that's for"
"NOPE."
"I wish I could do my hair like this"
"Squirrel primping"
"Oh yeah  the bitches will love this."
"Oh yeah  the bitches will love this"
"Girls spend hours getting ready. Guys are just like..."
"Bruce Lee hits you with some philosophy"
"Muppets and Hitler"
"Wide Angle lens"
"When someone informs me that my link is a repost"
"When you see your friend IRL on the front page"
"Every time I see a weeks old Reddit photo on a Comedy Central &quot;Tosh.0&quot; blog..."
"Misty Mountain Meadow"
"Well isn't that just such a beautiful mead- oh..."
"Perfectly timed photo"
"Peruvian army captured a human size bat...."
"Science and Religion Alone in a Dark Room."
"Science and Religion."
"The Relationship Between Science and Religion"
"Dragons"
"They need to make a sequel for this."
"Come at me bro!"
"I saw a guy get slapped by his girlfriend in public."
"Always do this when my phone loses signal.."
"Spiderman will not..."
"Oh Spidey."
"It's only a gas tank.."
"Riding hard!"
"If this doesn't brighten your day  I don't know what will."
"OH DEER  I'M COMING!"
"And now we see the mating ritual of the majestic deer."
"Oh deer  you're so gentile.."
"So this is the actual currency of the country Niue"
"The Credible Hulk... you wouldn't like me when I'm angry"
"How I feel walking around my Philadelphia neighborhood after the hurricane."
"Get the London look [FIXED]"
"Can't tell if television has gotten better or worse."
"r/funny doesn't get the seriousness of this issue."
"Random pictures on Imgur was my savior yesterday."
"The fuck?"
"My favorite [GIF] of all time"
"&quot;Did you vacuum today?!&quot; yelled the mother  I quickly fled to safety."
"&quot;Did you vacuum today?!&quot; yelled the mother  I quickly fled to safety."
"Didn't see that coming..."
"It's TACO TUESDAY!!!"
"The delicious future of PC's"
"Grandma loves a taco."
"Maybe it is  maybe it isn't. We won't know until we open it up."
"How i felt when i discovered that Reddit was not blocked in China"
"How I feel watching theists and atheists argue on Facebook"
"When I'm at a night club."
"Looks great on him"
"First post to make me laugh"
"Alright I got this... ohhhhhhFUCKSHIT!!"
"A Muslim girl from a town I used to live in wrote a local ice cream company. This is reply she received."
"Lols! (X-Post from WTF)"
"A Muslim man wrote a local ice cream company asking a question. This is the reply he received."
"A Muslim Man Asks His Local Ice Cream Store A Question. This Is The Outrageous Answer He Got."
"USA is #1  suck it pakistan [x/post] atheism"
"Hanging around.."
"How the Universe was Created  according to several belief systems."
"Tetris and Philosophy"
"[Request] Can anyone make this 1920x1080?"
"How I feel realizing I missed my cake day by three days..."
"Too soon?"
"Move bitch  get out the way bitch get out the way!!!!"
"Can't see me!"
"Alfred Hitchcock Directs the MGM Lion  1958"
"If only...."
"Does this make me look fat?"
"You are right..."
"Nice try USA  you almost pulled it off"
"Peyton Manning hanging out on the Tennessee campus in 1997. Check out those boots."
"Peyton Manning studies math"
"Peyton manning in 1997"
"My favorite .gif from 6 years ago"
"Arguing on the internet"
"Life without Copy-Paste"
"r/politics"
"r/politics"
"Arguing on /r/politics"
"That awkward moment when you find out why most 10 char #'s in your database default to 2147483647......."
"Rave Dance Hillary"
"The Weasleys"
"King Sloth"
"Slothzilla"
"Stranger Danger"
"End of Prohibition rally - 1933"
"How I feel leaving work on Fridays"
"Gotta have respect!"
"Showering at a [6]"
"The Dark Knight Rises summarized in one gif. [SPOILERS]"
"So small  cute  and furry!"
"Small  cute  and furry!"
"3D Gummy Bear Anatomy"
"Anatomy of a gummy bear"
"Anatomy of a gummy bear"
"That awkward moment when..."
"If at first you don't succeed..."
"Winception."
"Is Reddit happy that Santorum dropped out?"
"Saw a commercial for this on SYFY...This BELONGS in r/WTF"
"How I imagine the 99 percent of reddit"
"How I imagine the 99 percent of reddit (fixed)"
"I've got about 12 iPad's that I'm selling for half price. Contact me if you are interested"
"Apple in legal battle over copyright laws!!"
"How I respond to 90% of /r/new."
"So  I started knitting again..."
"Keep on rockin' in the free world"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"World of warcraft"
"Why on earth are pandas revered?"
"Creepy cake day face swap"
"United States of Mario!"
"My first cat (circa 1993)"
"Fuck"
"This GIF always makes me laugh"
"You Wanna Hear My New Pick Up Line?"
"A picture I found of Stan Lee on wikipedia. Just thought everyone should see it."
"Why I wash my hands.."
"Googled &quot;genius gif&quot;  was not disappointed."
"How I feel when I win an argument"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"The people of Reddit  described in a gif"
"She Almost had a Heart Attack... or a Dick Attack"
"Infinity Cat"
"Goblin sharks are fucking terrifying!"
"To all you redditors just about to go to bed..."
"This is at a gas station near my house"
"someone on FaceBook snapped a picture of Obama being Lynched"
"Someone on Facebook snapped a picture of Obama hanging Around"
"I don't know if this picture is real or a hoax .... Whichever one it is ... it's still really messed up !!!"
"In light of the NC bill  I think this serves as a reminder for all of those people who strive to return to “traditional marriage.”"
"When you don't understand a joke but your friends do"
"Donald Trump and Bill O'Reilly doing the wave at a Yankees game."
"Wow! Donald Trump and Bill O'Reilly doing &quot;The Wave&quot; at the Democratic Celebration Party!"
"CATMAN"
"Abercrombie&amp;Feline"
"I see your cat who has been working out  and raise you my buff  model cat."
"Don't forget babes"
"Burnt Pizza"
"The sand walls are melting..."
"Introducing Jenny  Master of improv."
"Cool hairstyle brah"
"This snow tunnel near the Mutnovsky Volcano in Russia is almost a kilometre long."
"A snow cave in Russia. [pic]"
"Snow Tunnel in Russia"
"Cat magic"
"Friends can be assholes"
"Forever alone BJ [NSFW] possibly NSFL"
"The elusive waving bear!"
"Oh! Welcome! I'm Bear!"
"Everyone has an incentive."
"Arch Enemies"
"An Iraqi child  drawing airplanes that are dropping bombs  with a marker taped to his amputated arm"
"An Iraqi child  drawing airplanes that are dropping bombs  with a marker taped to his amputated arm. (x-post from /r/MorbidReality)"
"How I feel when one of my posts did really well and then my posts got progressively worse and worse."
"Obama in college (1970s)"
"Russian soldier ready for just about anything...[569x800]"
"WW II Russian soldier is well armed and ready for anything.[569x800]"
"Black  Yellow  Brown  or Normal?"
"Even if you're normal.... waaaaiiiit a second!"
"The anti-racist fail"
"Just a cop playing beer pong with my friends"
"Chill cops (;"
"They say we can't drink but they wanna play"
"The Gym"
"Stuck in the Rain."
"Just Zach Galifianakis by Martin Schoeller"
"How to draw an owl?"
"I missed something along the way."
"Fuck it"
"Some people do change!"
"At first I was like..."
"Sorry  Harry."
"Neil Patrick Harris: a god among men"
"The Neil Patrick Harris family unit"
"Whenever my crush laughs at one of my jokes"
"What I'm like when I'm wasted"
"What I do as a moderator"
"Watermelon Lion"
"Coolest watermelon I've ever seen"
"Bombay kitten."
"As a child  I would have screamed bloody murder if my parents had put me in this..."
"But...what? I watched this for too long."
"I'll just leave this here"
"President Obama meets Mitt Romney's grandson(Fixed)"
"President Obama meets Mitt Romney's grandson [Fixed]"
"My Favorite Debate Day Face Swap"
"I've had this as my background for a while now. Thought I'd see what reddit thought."
"Found this one browsing through the internet"
"Midterms are only a few weeks away.."
"Hey reddit  look what my girlfriend made me."
"People who hate reposts also hate..."
"Meta"
"I hate Reddit. And this will tell you why."
"The sims."
"When i get paired with a popular person in class"
"Photo from latest North Korean rocket launch"
"Photo from latest North Korean rocket launch [fixed]"
"Kim Jong Un (A redditor) spends billions of dollars on this rocket just for the karma"
"Fire  the second safest way to travel!"
"And that is why I never travel by fire"
"Still  after 100's of wallpapers  this is my favorite [1680x1050]"
"No matter how you style it  it's still a mullet..."
"Never fails to make me laugh."
"The True Heroes Reddit Deserves"
"Some People Never Change"
"Happy Birthday Emma"
"Ladies....."
"Let the photoshop begin"
"Sofia Vergara loves the banana"
"Sofia Vergara has good technique"
"Sofia Vergara showing off certain skills"
"It seemed like such a good idea at the time"
"Tony couldn't fly. [NSFW]"
"almost there ....untill car"
"A tree sucking on a boulder  cause I'm fucking awful at coming up with titles"
"Someone left this on my friend's truck"
"Forgive and Forget"
"My favorite gif ever. You laugh you lose"
"Good boy"
"Mitt Romney At Chipotle"
"Mittens visits Chipotle"
"Mitt Romney  man of the people."
"Big Bad Bunny Eater by Imaginism"
"Poor kid"
"What kind of parade is this dad?"
"Meanwhile in lab class..."
"Realizing it's my cake day. Then realizing my cake day is September 11th."
"The contract is sealed"
"I've had this picture saved for months  and I still don't get it."
"Season's Greetings!"
"Strong Logic"
"If the earth was 10ft closer to the sun..."
"That settles it then"
"Still one of the best pics I've seen"
"It was all a dream"
"Mexican gang victim (Gore - NSFW/NSFL)"
"Human Porcupine [NSFL]"
"Don't run with sharp objects."
"Oh facebook  you just keep em' coming"
"Douchebag Level"
"If condoms had sponsors..."
"Making this now  most epic dessert I have attempted! [NSFM]"
"Super Duper"
"Soon..."
"The spoon is my hopes and dreams"
"A new derp is born."
"What I look like when trying to eat whilst stoned."
"Sounds accurate for her....."
"Gina Rinehart meets Islam"
"World's richest woman meets Islam"
"This guy has a lot of bikes"
"I really want to know the story behind this picture."
"Best thing I ever played on a Demo Disc."
"I'm bringing the Mario party to you"
"Can we tow your OH SHI-"
"All of them died...true story"
"Actually  I'm a dog"
"When I first discovered r/Gonewild"
"This guy didn't want me to leave"
"This little guy wouldn't let me leave"
"4chan"
"There are people in the world who have brilliant ideas that lead to new discoveries... and then there are people who aren't as fortunate..."
"When my posts get negative Karma"
"Simply Reddit"
"Opened a beer right before we took a picture..."
"Sexy Big Bird costume."
"Whatcha lookin' at? (Original Post)"
"Seriously bad-ass saw."
"Oh  Ireland!"
"Irish Diplomacy at it's best"
"nomnomn evidence nomnomnomn"
"A monk prays for a dead man in the station hall of the Shanxi Taiyuan Train Station  China"
"Hipster owl is hipster."
"I Tweeted before it was cool..."
"Manpig."
"Best divorce lawyers ever..."
"Last Day Of Summer Before School"
"Dale with it."
"Meanwhile  DJs in Russia..."
"For my cake day here is the cutest corgi puppy ever!"
"Perspectives: Look at all of them"
"Another version of burka"
"Friend posted this picture on facebook. I hate arguing on there but I might have to say something."
"The Laughter House"
"In the spot light"
"Garden Party (x-post from r/funny)"
"This job isn't for everyone..."
"Wolf."
"Werewolf."
"Classy."
"The best shirt ever"
"this takes the title for most WTF picture of the day"
"What exactly is going on here ?"
"I don't understand some people."
"Somebody please explain this picture to me."
"Milk and Nazis... the fuck?"
"You open the door and you see this"
"So thats why my milk was tasting weird."
"What's all that milk for?"
"there are so many things wrong with this pic"
"WTF  or Art School?"
"Well this is a side of Nazism I've never seen before..."
"God Bless America"
"Woll Smoth"
"LOL  Will Smith WUT?"
"Woll Smoth."
"By playing Imgur Roulette  I found this GIF of a dog playing with a hairdryer (or sort of)."
"GG GgGG / ggGg gG GgGg g / gGG gggg g Gg / gg / ggGg GGG ggG Gg Ggg / G gggg gg ggg / ggg ggG Gggg gGg g Ggg Ggg gg G"
"Adventure Time!"
"Adventure Time Totoro parody"
"insert witty title here"
"Totoro Time!"
"Oh Sheldon.."
"Oh Sheldon.."
"If only this was real...."
"I don't think there's another song that fits this better."
"How I feel after my first post has been doing well."
"How to win every fight (X-post from r/lifeprotips)"
"Tips-N-Tricks"
"I forgive you Mechwarrior Online"
"Good guy Piranha Games gives beta access to apologize for wrong email."
"Dumbass"
"Oh youtube."
"Hole in one"
"This man raised a grand for charity."
"Sounds like a plan"
"West End London  1949  Piccadilly Circus looking up Shaftsbury Avenue"
"A truthful review"
"Anon's story about thin privilege"
"The more I hear about atheism+ the more I think this is right"
"PTSDog"
"Flashbacks"
"Flashbacks"
"Saw the original gif mashup  immediately thought this fit as the soundtrack"
"My reaction to finding out the 10K road race I signed up for is tomorrow. Haven't exactly been preparing..."
"This dog has seen things..."
"Back in the war..."
"No muffins could save Lucky from her past"
"This dog has seen some shit."
"You are the universe experiencing itself [2048x1195]"
"Every single time I go on r/Gore"
"How I feel the day before finals"
"I found the r/davidtennant subreddit today"
"I shaved myself with a razor for the first time today"
"Realizing it's my cake day at 11pm."
"Too good to leave in r/sanfrancisco [x-post]"
"Hurricane Kitty"
"from my fb feed this morning... The Catpocalypse has begun"
"We had this coming reddit."
"Hurricane Sandy Over New York City"
"Pic I took yesterday in New York"
"but awesome......"
"Just other pic of Sandy in New York"
"So this is the government's new approach to monitoring us  huh?"
"You are being monitored"
"Just hitching a ride"
"Anatidaephobia"
"I can not convey how awesome this is."
"Drop that beat!"
"getting karma"
"Me in the club."
"That's no normal slap!"
"B**** Slapped"
"How to win an argument"
"Try this one on for size."
"BEARD SLAP"
"The Beardslap - if only it were that easy"
"&quot;best. Gif. Ever.&quot;"
"Need an airport? Nailed it!"
"Kitten nightmares"
"Kitten nightmares"
"Snuggles!"
"Dont smile and your soul will fade away"
"Mother Cat Snuggles Kitten"
"Over and over and over"
"Tuna."
"This is now eternally burned into my brain (NSFW Nudity)"
"Please don't bathe me..."
"Mindfuck Lightbulb"
"The Relationship Graph"
"unfortunately  this appears true"
"An Octopus in Italy"
"Stunning photo of an octopus near Vesuvius  Italy"
"Water cascading."
"Correct"
"Makes my plain old sink look like crap... (It rotates too!)"
"My sides."
"Spoiler alert"
"I shall play you the song of my people"
"This is a terrible sales report"
"When my girlfriend tells me we need to talk..."
"It never ends..."
"It goes on and on..."
"My brother and I used to do this to each other all the time... and now it is my new favorite gif."
"I know they hated each other but that's just cruel."
"Alien &amp; Predator living together"
"Alien vs predator"
"What it feels like to wake up after surgery"
"Kitty kneading his sis"
"Kitty Massage"
"Piece of shit"
"You know  just a boat on the train tracks[X-Post /r/Sandy]"
"Go home boat  you are drunk"
"Boat  go home  you're drunk"
"Boat go home you are drunk."
"Go home boat  you are drunk"
"For my cakeday  my favorite GIF ever involving cake"
"When I come across some cake when on a diet"
"Cake?"
"was that cake?"
"How I picture people who forget to submit things for their cakeday until late at night"
"The A and B squares are the same color"
"Stool Sample... Nailed it."
"Well at least it doesn't smell"
"I feel the same way"
"Isn't this what the fitting rooms are for?"
"This is one of my favorite pictures on the internet"
"I hope they speak Norwegian in hell"
"“I hope they speak Norwegian in hell!”"
"Just a reminder."
"Let us rain some doom down upon the heads of our doomed enemies."
"Living the American Dream"
"bored on reddit. hitting random button found coffee with jesus. WTF does this mean the support rape or just the free market?"
"Lazarus"
"Why do I get the feeling that this bottle of milk is judging me?"
"Domino Pyramid Falling."
"DUDE ive got the BEST idea!"
"What could possibly go wrong?"
"Saw my spring semester college tuition"
"When I get my first upvote on a post"
"Every time I read a comic from theoatmeal..."
"&quot;I'm a Christian and I have some questions&quot; Being the first steps towards Atheism."
"As an ex-WoW player learning about Blizzard's work on a new MMORPG:"
"How I felt today when I found out my Chemistry Discussion was cancelled"
"How I felt as a Vikings fan logging into Facebook to see my Packer fan friends' reactions last night"
"Careful  you could put a Nye out with that thing!"
"A curious little boy dressed in a Klan hood and robe touching the shield of a black Georgia State Trooper in riot gear at a KKK protest in the 80s."
"Black state trooper and KKK toddler"
"Never knew the KKK could be so cute"
"They start so young"
"Whale Whale Whale [PIC]"
"I can't sleep Eddy"
"Check out the size of his caulk!"
"You want a physicist to speak at your funeral. (x-post from r/awesome)"
"You want a physicist to speak at your funeral (x-post from r/Frisson)"
"So I heard you guys like gaming wallpapers"
"Must be a girl thing because my bf looks at me like I'm crazy when I suggest we go sit with him! Am I alone on this one?"
"This is how I feel now that I have joined the 1 yr club! Thank you Reddit for always being there!"
"Warning Signs."
"Swish!"
"Wait...forget this! I'm OUT!"
"Ok"
"instant karma"
"Ordered a pizza. Have doubts about chef's skills"
"Halloween costume anyone?"
"A ninja for all the girls out there"
"I caught a Meowth"
"She just woke up--loves her pokeball!"
"I choose you Meowth"
"I thought this would fit here"
"Baby Meowth"
"I choose YOU! {:"
"He just loves that stuffed animal."
"Hang on  ill send you a photo of my newborn baby"
"Are YOU tired of dropping your cellular phone on newborns?"
"When I 'like' someone's &quot;truth is&quot; status that I don't know very well and they answer with &quot;truth is I don't know you&quot;"
"I Googled &quot;worst picture ever&quot; and this came up. Personally I think it's pretty awesome!"
"Saw this on FB today"
"Hatin they be..."
"Master Yoda is rolling. (Found this on fb)"
"Saw this and nearly died laughing"
"How I feel when I browse reddit."
"Bro..."
"What is Mr. T thinking?"
"giving birth"
"snaaaaaake"
"In a girls' bathroom stall at my university  girls have written about some of their most horrifying life experiences. This week  someone replied. [previously posted in r/pics]"
"Someone come get this Chinchilla."
"I heard that cute hairy things are upvoted on reddit  so here's one for you."
"For my irl cakeday  I present to you the cake my mom made for me a few years back."
"So my friend's birthday is today. Her BF made her this cake..."
"My friend's boyfriend made her this cheerful cake for her birthday today."
"This is kid is much smarter than I am"
"The whole internet in one gif."
"Puppy uses secret weapon"
"My favorite gif"
"How I defeat all of my enemies"
"Whenever I go on Facebook and see memes."
"Whenever I see someone complaining about Facebook."
"At least babies don't have seeds"
"Nothing like a good old fashioned picnic"
"This was my all time favorite snack food as a kid."
"Edible Companion Cube"
"Edible Companion Cube"
"Say what?"
"The fundies will stop at nothing it seems..."
"&quot;It is said that if you kill a man in the dead of winter  steam will rise from the wound. The native americans saw this as the soul leaving the body ;)"
"Saw this on my facebook news feed  I couldn't stop laughing"
"This came across my Facebook feed today and really ticked me off."
"Are you serious?"
"This was on my facebook feed- you have got to be kidding me....."
"Incalculable levels of stupid"
"I ates too much."
"The Most Astounding Fact"
"After heavy rains...We have learnt that it is important to park at the right place...what would you say?"
"Every time i try to talk to a pretty girl"
"Move yourself and save money  they said"
"google imaged &quot;upvote&quot; and this was #1. ...i do believe i will."
"Vote!"
"WHATTA MAN"
"Ummmm... BUSTED!"
"&quot;Hey Frank  have you seen the - oh my god what the fuck&quot;"
"The fastest PC ever made"
"My insecurities about college summed up by Daria."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Indeed  they will. Mhmm."
"Getting ready to hit the town"
"Every time my post gets immediately downvoted"
"How I feel after a trip to the barbershop."
"Someone please make/edit this to say 'Haters..Gonna..Potatoes'' [PostedYday] dont want karma just want this gif so bad"
"Karma's a bitch [FB]"
"Why is Putin a crab?"
"Why is Putin a crab? [.gif]"
"I'm just going to go bathe in hand sanitizer now..."
"Damon Lindelof  I am disappointed."
"Me when I'm trying to badass someone."
"My favorite part in Hot Fuzz"
"The Big Bang Theory"
"My all-time favorite gif. &quot;EXPLAIN THIS BULLSHIT!&quot;"
"YOU THOUGHT WRONG."
"My reaction to the announcement of Star Wars Episode VII"
"No! Stop touching me! I AM THE NIGHT!"
"What comes to my mind when i hear about the WiiU"
"Was watching the Simpsons  and noticed this."
"Thought you guys would like this (x-post from r/pics)"
"I see your &quot;Juan Direction&quot; post and raise you this..."
"Apparently  Hitler caused 9/11"
"Facebook delivered for me today."
"STUPENDOUS butthurt on Twitter. [x-post from /r/politics]"
"Decode your teen's TXT lingo! (x-post by Alexm920)"
"What Are you kidding me!"
"siberian bear hunting armor"
"How I view redditors whenever a new meme  joke  or fad comes about"
"This is how dumb and generic you look."
"Just some musical bugs"
"1. Cut a hole in the box"
"hipster kitten"
"All Ready for Autumn"
"What 4chan thinks about us and 9gag..."
"What do you guys think?"
"What you really are"
"The internet on Reddit"
"Oh hey there lil' guy!"
"(&quot;)(&gt;.&lt;)(&quot;)rawr"
"Just a baby red panda"
"My personal favorite aww photo (Red Panda)"
"Reddit needs some more red pandas"
"Humming Bird Feasting on Cannabis"
"If this isn't WTF  then I don't know what is [NSFW]"
"VIP in Russia"
"God mode off"
"PEDOSCOPE DOWN!"
"wait...i dont even...what ???"
"God mode off  Orthodox Patriarch"
"I pissed myself with laughter: Patriarch of Moscow going in the car"
"007 Priest"
"So that's how you turn him off!"
"At first I thought it was an antenna"
"It folds for your convenience"
"Russian bishop's hat..."
"cat racers"
"Meow the force be with you"
"Imgur roulette. I had a hard time reading this  I was laughing too hard."
"what it feels like posting on my cakeday."
"Move  I must show the internet my sexy dance!"
"This is what happens with Reddit and reposts"
"My game plan if I ever walk in on my daughter taping herself trying to be sexy"
"Whenever I see an Entry Level job that requires 3-5 years of experience."
"When my boss keeps saying every single project is a &quot;priority&quot;"
"Someone decipher the context"
"I found the context"
"I found the context [xpost from r/gifsounds]"
"My girlfriend and me at an [8]"
"Forever Alone."
"That poor dog..."
"Just put it in!"
"How big is it?"
"How big  really?"
"Groceries"
"Every time I take in the groceries!"
"Two trips is for pussies"
"iMac monitor stand + random spoiler from junk yard = Speed Racer 1000"
"iMac monitor stand + random spoiler from junk yard = Speed Racer 1000 [FIXED]"
"Nice make-shift spoiler bro  i bet your so &quot;aerodynamic.&quot;"
"For all you mac users"
"Take your son to work day..."
"Is it just me  or does this picture of Romney have infinite potential?"
"Debate faceswap  infinite potential fulfilled (Thanks to u/yarrpiracy for the swap)"
"From faceswap to full horror mode"
"some face swaps just make me feel uncomfortable."
"Romney face swap....what???"
"Romney post-debate thumbs up"
"Mitt and Ann's response to his foul stench"
"It's in the bag  bro!"
"Mitt Romney and wife looking ... excited?"
"I know I can trust this man."
"My face swap from the debate."
"Totally."
"Saw this in class and couldn't stop audibly laughing [X-Post from r/pics]"
"Yes  the possibilities are endless! (my feeble attempt at a face swap)"
"My take on Romney from debate"
"Fwerp"
"Browsing /r/PhotoshopBattles  when suddenly..."
"I crack myself up sometimes"
"Boy or girl?"
"Wat"
"&quot;Don't worry about.&quot;"
"They'll never know..."
"This has been around for a long time  but it never fails to make me laugh when I'm feeling down. I re-present  the YTMND Dramatic Breakup Letter"
"Whenever I see a stranger smoking trees in public"
"Chewing Chinese man approves."
"To America  from the Rest of the World"
"Mama Will Keep You Warm..."
"&quot;I'll shoot a text.&quot;"
"Over the shoulder seal"
"Blowjobs. [SFW]"
"So... What's the catch?"
"Found this it scares me..."
"Best Friends!"
"Aww &lt;3 Friends - The story behind this picture is this: Every day - at the same time - she waits for him... He comes... and they go for a walk"
"He keeps waiting quietly outside her home everyday  and goes walking together with joy when she comes out."
"Cat and Dog"
"I must go  my people need me!"
"Parkour into the Abyss...(GIF)"
"PARKOUR!"
"If Only... [x-post from r/libertarian]"
"Change you don't have to believe in"
"Thought r/atheism would appreciate this [x-post /r/pics]"
"Fuck the police"
"Knock  knock..."
"The Shining (re-post from SA)"
"Penny.......Penny........Penny"
"pic of my buddy  he is subscribed to r/pics"
"Bear hunting armor from the 1800s"
"Bill Murray"
"my god  they've mated"
"Looked up &quot;Asian ginger&quot; on google..."
"Traffic  Traffic  Lookin for my chapstick..."
"How 4chan sees Reddit's use of rage comics"
"Look what I made today"
"Fuck everything."
"Like a boss. This picture comes from a Well of Death  commonly seen at fairs in India."
"Kids in few few years will not even get this..."
"Can't believe he didn't think of that before"
"Haters gonna hate horse"
"Everytime I use hair conditioner in the shower"
"Still a better skater than I am.."
"Some things are timeless  like Classical music"
"The power of food..."
"Don't think I've ever been as protective of a virtual character before her"
"PR done right"
"I Googled &quot;what ya doin&quot;  this is the result..."
"Watch out  its Super Truck!"
"you want some coke?"
"how I feel as a Christian on Reddit"
"Thirsty?"
"Just some Polar Bears doing what Polar Bears do."
"You want a coke?"
"Polar bear gang"
"To my frients of /trees!"
"A little late  but WE HIT 20 000 subs!!!!1!1!! Wooooooo!"
"To the Heroes of new!"
"I have attached a picture of a dragon I just drew for you."
"Redditor installs lights in toilet  says it's from the sun hoping you'll light up the orange arrow."
"So much for having nice dreams tonight."
"Adorable Eyes"
"When you accidentally &quot;Like&quot; a swimsuit photo of a girl whose facebook you are creeping on."
"Sudden Danger"
"Lioness sneaking up on a giraffe"
"Closest to Facebook gold I've found so far."
"The brand new Lacoste shirt"
"Lacoste. Seems legit."
"How to get a bargain on Lacoste polos"
"Dalai Lama  doing it right."
"The 14th Dalai Lama's view of science"
"Your move  science."
"I got your back  bro"
"They're just jealous..."
"bullies"
"Reassurance"
"Those ET's must think we look pretty silly"
"Which religion?"
"How it feels to be a PSN member when your friends are on XBL"
"What it feels like to be the only known redditor in your mexican town on your reddit bday."
"How I feel in some of the smaller subreddits"
"Sometimes no votes are worse than downvotes  This is how it makes me feel"
"I wasn't talking to you"
"Well  that's one way to steal a chicken..."
"I found this in a folder on my Computer from a while back"
"How i feel about hats..."
"I don't want to have sex with you... Unless...."
"I'm sorry lady  I don't want to have sex with you..."
"Deliciously Disturbing"
"Ah  the smell of autumn leaves in the air... crisp  cool weather..."
"Never fear! Rollerdog is here!"
"I really don't feel comfortable with this picture."
"This shouldn't be as disturbing as I find it."
"&quot;Wilsoooon! I'm sorryyyyy!&quot;"
"The mystical 5th base"
"You had one job Shepard"
"She Found It"
"If only it were that easy."
"Don't do it man!"
"Louis Armstrong plays for his wife in front of the Sphinx by the pyramids in Giza  1961"
"Two of the manliest men the world will ever know"
"Day 1..."
"As a chef this is MRW my girlfriend says &quot;hurry home I've cooked something special....&quot;"
"Not much love on pics  thought I'd try it on you guys."
"Eyebrows"
"Psychedelic rainbow over Mount Everest"
"Rainbow Clouds above Mt Everest..."
"stunning image of a rainbow cloud  captured above Mt Everest"
"Rainbow Cloud over Mt. Thamserku in the Himalayas"
"Ooh baby baby..."
"Push it real good"
"...REAL good"
"r/StarWars hasn't found it funny yet.."
"Whenever life gets me down I remember this quote"
"Something we can all agree on"
"truer words have never been spoken"
"After a long heavy night of boozing...this quote sums it up nicely"
"How I feel seeing reposts with ass loads of karma karma"
"Fingering a girl for the first time [gif]"
"Fingering a girl for the first time. [x-post from r/funny]"
"My reaction when my boyfriend &quot;accidentally&quot; ejaculated on me."
"My friend calls him &quot;Mr Ridiculously Photogenic Guy&quot;"
"My friend calls him &quot;Mr Ridiculously Photogenic Guy&quot;: FIXED"
"My friend calls him &quot;Mr Ridiculously Photobombastic Guy&quot;"
"This is a repost  you shouldn't upvote it"
"If NDT was SLJ..."
"Apparently there isn't a subreddit for everything"
"My friends and I got into a heated political debate today."
"I feel so bad for him [FB]"
"Bird Eat Bird"
"How i feel getting upvotes"
"How I feel as an European waking up with Reddit still online"
"How I feel when I make a post that gets more than a handful of upvotes"
"Railroad after earthquake"
"Hail to the bus driver [gif]"
"Those damn kids"
"I can agree on the unuasable stock images."
"Hitlers daughter peeling potatoes [x-post r/wtfstockphotos]"
"This explains it"
"Sesame Street Origins: Oscar The Grouch"
"Inception Box"
"Boxception"
"walked in to my cousin watching tv like this...freaked me out for a second"
"Mountain Man"
"Once..."
"Sometimes  science can be mean..."
"nice frendship !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I think it does"
"Black licorice: fuck you"
"Sums up my feelings toward black licorice."
"My thoughts exactly"
"Oh I'm Sorry  Did I Break Your Concentration?!"
"We're gonna need a bigger boat"
"Oh. I guess you don't need this medicine  then."
"literally the best doctor"
"Prayer&lt;medicine"
"Actually this is the best GIF of all time (NSFW)"
"Sometimes I think this is how creationists view evolution. . ."
"I have no witty title for this.. but woah"
"I'm Still Free"
"Deathstar firepit"
"The best way to end an argument."
"When My Ex-Girlfriend Told Me She Was Pregnant [GIF]"
"My reaction when someone tells me I have a drinking problem."
"[SHOPPED?] Disspelling the Incredibility"
"Saw this at my local library..."
"What do they all have in common!?"
"Photo assistant becomes luckiest guy in the world during Katy Perry shoot."
"Never ask Steven Seagal  what time it is?"
"Silly Christians! This isn't how we think!"
"I was never good at models. This I could handle. (x-posted)"
"How does it look?"
"How does it look"
"Imagination"
"Same same ... but completely different."
"Close enough"
"It's all in the details."
"Romney  Made in China - Obama  Made in USA"
"One of the many differences between Romney and Obama."
"Actions speak louder than words"
"Ohh very sneaky Mitt  very sneaky indeed"
"Actions speak louder than words."
"Some people just wanna watch the world crash and burn..."
"Too Soon?"
"What is this sorcery?"
"&quot;Whine&quot; glass? I think not!"
"What is this sorcery?!"
"Was life ever really this good?"
"Awesome Vintage Beer ad"
"Anyone have access to &quot;aging&quot; software? I want to know what this chick (dude?) would look like today."
"It should be mandatory that all tights display this"
"Impossibru !"
"Impossible!"
"Never going to my uncles house after this happened!"
"Wait a minute..."
"Oh God..."
"MADE IN CHINA"
"Everytime I try to exercise ..."
"Right in the childhood"
"Right in the childhood. [FIXED]"
"That bench looks pretty unstable"
"For anyone leading towards atheism  look at this picture and think very carefully about it."
"Awwness...."
"Man's best friend from the very beginning"
"Man's best friend from the very beginning..."
"Feed the house elves!"
"D'awww"
"Whatever you had for lunch...I want some."
"the fuck did you call me?!?!"
"How about a kiss?"
"Nailed it!"
"its a repost but this was too funny i just had to share it again"
"My face when I realized the person way too close to me in the grocery line was actually a pretty girl."
"PIKACHU?!?(url game)"
"When I realize Chris Hardwick  not a random podcaster  submitted the Tom Hanks Invitation"
"When I realize Chris Hardwick  not a random podcaster  submitted the Tom Hanks Invitation"
"final level"
"i don't know wtf is going on outside my window"
"&quot;Nintendo's way is to challenge conventional thinking.&quot; Reggie Fils-Aime  2006"
"How to play the Sims. By /v/"
"And you thought your job was bad..."
"Drama Llama [gif]"
"When a cop drives by on the 4th of July"
"Happy 4th 'Murica"
"How I feel watching Team USA Basketball shit on everyone."
"How I feel as an American watching the Olympics"
"No umbrella? Try your tail!"
"I finally learned to sleep with my eyes open!"
"O.o"
"&quot;It's breathtaking to consider...&quot; [1920x1080]"
"First time celebrating my cake day(missed last year) I present one of my other favorite pictures...Not sure who did this pic  but its fucking awesome."
"One of the coolest pictures I've seen in awhile. [pic]"
"Best Buds"
"Dubstep"
"turns out AOL is still relevant..."
"True."
"My response to anyone bothering to comment on my submissions..."
"Classic Bateman."
"Some remixes on the American Psycho upvote gif"
"During the zombie apocalypse..."
"The lawn and the short of it  in The Walking Dead."
"Mech Knight..."
"To hell with the kids I want this for me."
"Trolling Old People"
"Seems legit"
"Nailed it."
"At least they're trying"
"Yo dawg"
"reckoning.gif"
"Notorious BANE"
"Gave this a shot.."
"Reckoning.gif (X-post r/Gifsound)"
"Carlton Bane"
"Before you go go"
"This combination accidentally happened  but all I could think of was what a sweet love story this was."
"Take me dancing tonight!!!!"
"We can dance."
"New Mosh"
"That's my JAYYAMMM"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Bane's living in the sunlight"
"Aladeen mathafocka!"
"guess what i got!"
"Parties suck"
"My reaction to cake day numero uno"
"After a night of drinking  wake up to find your 8AM class cancelled"
"Chameleons"
"Nomination [September] The Great Divide - Chameleons"
"Gaming franchise I'm reminded of whenever I see someone talking about MW"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"How I feel as a Brit reading all these posts about your stolen AC units."
"When some karma thief takes your rising post and copy pastas it and hits the front page..."
"How I feel as a fan of the NHL and NFL"
"If he caught the ball...why is he out"
"Little cute kitten&lt;3"
"Is reddit still upvoting rocks?"
"we found something great."
"I think she likes horses a bit too much"
"You may experience rolling blackouts in your area... [xpost from r/gifs]"
"This makes a sound in my head and it's freaking me out."
"Crosspost from /r/wtf. Can other ents hear the noise this GIF makes in your head? I can't stop watching this."
"My brain makes a noise to go with this gif."
"Am I just high or can I hear this .gif?"
"Birthday Cake Hat!"
"my face whenever someone mentions my state"
"When the mailman delivers a package you've been waiting for..."
"When My Roommate Puts the Coffee Pot on Before Me"
"Some Spongebob comics"
"I whole-heartedly agree"
"God's response to atheists"
"Sciences reaction to christians"
"Even better: I found where pandas grow"
"Panda Tree"
"Other majors can't say they do the same for a grade."
"How 4Chan sees the Internet"
"They see me driftin'  they hatin'"
"The Best Around"
"When GF asks me to bed"
"Awesome boots!"
"Maybe this will clear some things up."
"Well I guess it's time to beat the shit out of my babysitter"
"Don't fall asleep at parties"
"It's called fashion"
"So Much Win."
"back flip ............"
"&quot;Would the one responsible for ordering the straw please stand up?&quot;"
"404 error [pic]"
"You will never party this hard."
"wait...this is a great idea!"
"Nailed it."
"The Karma Bank"
"How I feel now that football is finally here"
"This is intense"
"Playing Video Games with my Siblings"
"playing video games with my siblings (/r/reactiongifs x-post)"
"playing video games with my siblings (/r/reactiongifs x-post)"
"A manly man  man."
"Professional Wrestling (Japanese-style)"
"I see you found my lair"
"&quot;Above All&quot;"
"[fat cat] xpost from r/pics."
"I'll never be as cool as this handsome son of a bitch."
"Not going anywhere..."
"Nope."
"NOPE. I'm good here."
"Gamers of Reddit  What do you make of this?"
"How to disable a cat (for sure)"
"catalarvas - Imgur"
"Summers coming up"
"The Dumbest Thing I've Ever Seen. Bar None."
"Six pack in seconds!"
"What happens when I try to go against the hivemind."
"But I brought you some toast!"
"Bitches be cold"
"My friend sent me this  I laughed harder than I probably should have."
"This should fix it"
"Jerry must love his job"
"Ermergerd..."
"Reddit's favorite couple"
"Who ya gonna call muthafucka?"
"Who you gonna call?"
"I ain't afraid of no ghost"
"Go on without me"
"Look at all the fucks I give"
"Hanging out in the waiting room."
"Saw this on my Facebook feed and thought I'd share. On of his boys wanted fresh air while at the DMV. Ha"
"Christmas Bukkake [SFW]"
"Little something in the bathroom the other day."
"Thug-Life."
"Girls and Boys  Before and after"
"Married vs Single"
"Any idea who this young lady is?"
"Gyardos vs Pidgey"
"when you see it...."
"Inappropriate thumbnail is inappropriate. Share more in comments."
"The Internet has ruined me"
"Dear Mississppi "
"A Modest Comparison"
"Saw this on Facebook"
"Where can I find those balloons?"
"F-art (xpost from r/pics)"
"Methane Power"
"Art with a capital F"
"Como te llamas?"
"To all my Latino redditors"
"Scare the Kids with a Jimmy Savile Pumpkin!"
"Didn't buy any candy for the kids this year"
"Suck My Twat"
"Laughed a little too hard at this"
"The hero Gotham needs."
"May be a repost  but WTF?"
"Nudist used Hyper Hump!"
"hump assassin"
"Well  I don't even know what to say to this [NSFW]"
"So I went to 4chan for the first time"
"How Steam treats your bandwidth."
"With all the different iPad models this is hoe I picture Christmas morning for a lot of people."
"An unfortunate truth."
"All of a sudden...beastiality."
"This popped up on my news feed."
"How I feel posting a mildly offensive link to Reddit"
"Tiny pig is tiny."
"What Redditors do to my posts within the first 10 minutes"
"Solar Flare Up Close"
"Solar Flare Up Close"
"When I've had a week of nothing but take-out food"
"File under &quot;things you never heard a fundie say after a debate&quot;......."
"Religion summed up in one card"
"Why arguing with theists is almost always pointless"
"I stare at this every time I pee [improved]"
"Have you seen this bird?"
"We really hit it off..."
"NYC over the years."
"The New Illuminati"
"So simple  yet so ingenious"
"That's a pretty good answer."
"Wanna know a secret?"
"The difference between minutes..."
"Minute length"
"My girlfriend asked me why I was so excited about the Google Chrome app"
"the real reason why everyone uses this app"
"Oh ! Micky why do you wear like such cloths ?"
"Oh Mickey Mouse..."
"a gamer's life"
"A true gamer's motto"
"I don't know if this is a repost but  I saw this on my news feed."
"I'd be lion if I said it wasn't an improvement"
"Gradients of RGB colour in a three volume set"
"&quot;They'll probably be worth money someday...&quot;"
"Feast your eyes on the urechis unicinctus aka the penis fish"
"Anyone else remembers this?"
"One of the most underrated PS2 games"
"'Merica."
"My favorite GIF of all time"
"The Single Greatest Sports Moment"
"It just wasn't his day"
"The rules !"
"Loophole"
"Grandma helps take a profile pic (xpost from WTF)"
"Grandma helps take a profile pic."
"today is my real cakeday..."
"Whenever I have a bad day I always look at this picture and remember..."
"My thoughts on missing my cake day yesterday."
"The truth about gaming!"
"Videogames and their advantages"
"Licky licky licky"
"So he ate the band..."
"The only appropriate response to seeing a lion up close."
"Oh  Eeyore..."
"I ain't happy. I'm feeling glad!"
"Extensive reserch"
"In honor of my cakeday  please enjoy this cat."
"God and Facebook"
"What people on Facebook must think will happen..."
"My new deodorant"
"Deodorant."
"classic 'when you see it'"
"When you see it.."
"The cutest two smiles ever!"
"How Riot came up with Draven after Darius"
"Microsoft's E3 plan for the next couple years"
"discovered a grammatical error on the front page of my website - it's been up for months"
"How I feel sometimes browsing r/new"
"Very beautiful horse i ever see in this world [Fixed]"
"Found This When School Shopping! WTF!"
"Scotland's &quot;Back to School&quot; campaign..."
"Back to School..."
"The employee that arranged these must be a student."
"Back to school?"
"Don't quite see how these would be useful..."
"My supermarket is excited about the new Dexter too..."
"Truly WTF: GIF"
"Now kiss"
"Four heads are better than two"
"How I like to imagine I will explain sex to my children..."
"It's getting so hard to spot a fake"
"Everybody was Kat-fu fighting"
"Made for reddit."
"He's the hero America deserves  but not the one it needs right now. We need Carl Sagan."
"Happy birthday to this magnificent bastard"
"Truer words have never been spoken (Neil deGrasse Tyson)"
"Happy birthday you magnificent bastard!"
"Real Life Comic"
"haters..."
"Everyday I'm cephalin'"
"It's shit like this  cashiers..."
"Cashiers  we hate this."
"I hate when cashiers make remarks"
"Lines..."
"I present you a wolf nomming on a watermelon!"
"Because sometimes it's too sunny in 'Murica!"
"Racist google  I thought these were things of the past?"
"I shall wear it...with honor"
"Jurasic Fap"
"She loves fucking dinosaurs (NSFW)"
"Welcome to Jurassic Fuck"
"How DRM really works!"
"Choose Wisely [gif]"
"My reaction to seeing jb having 17million views on youtube for throwing up. Yes i have lost faith in humanity."
"After 5 seconds on 9gag"
"RIM Jobs"
"6000 of them hey?"
"Surprise in....3....2....1"
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"Self-deprecating humor"
"This traffic cone is stuttering"
"A stuttering traffic cone"
"Stuttering Traffic Cone (x-post via r/mildlyinteresting"
"Proud mom."
"Come at me bro"
"Why is this on my newsfeed?"
"Okay reddit  whose family portrait is this"
"Modern day chivalry"
"Reddit told me this sword would protect my virginity. LIES! [NSFW]"
"Sigourney Weaver and Jones the cat from Alien (1979)"
"I want to play a game.."
"This is gonna be the best Halloween ever"
"I have made an important discovery."
"Murder you say?"
"Me when I see my 80 year old Granny is reading 50 Shades of Grey"
"Every fucking time I dare to go to 4chan."
"Me lurking around in 4chan"
"Beautiful picture of the sunset through a wave"
"Sunset seen through a wave"
"Surfs up! Sunset seen through a wave"
"YouTube strikes again..."
"I dare you to try and take the round one."
"Ewoks"
"Reddit first post  before &amp; after."
"Just imagine..."
"God bless you dad."
"God bless you dad. (Xpost r/funny)"
"When you reach max level...You stop leveling."
"Sean Connery: Time Traveler"
"Now this is just mean."
"I'm gonna go out on a limb here and guess this link gets clicked a lot."
"Happy 5th Anniversary to one of the best video games ever........."
"Released 5 years ago today...."
"Happy 5th anniversary to one of the best video games ever!"
"The police got all wild west on my next door neighbor. This is my living room."
"Dat pizza hit the spot..."
"Me on new years day."
"Billy mays maze amazes me"
"Bitch Stole My Fish (still one of my favorites)"
"Oh snap!"
"Rooftop Vespa Race Track"
"leaving work to go home today."
"I think raccoon's are pretty adorable. Especially when they do this."
"Miley Cyrus Toppless.. Forrealsees."
"I came home to this today..."
"Guess I'll just sleep over here then."
"Like a boss"
"Speak for yourself dude  I am more than happy."
"I just jazzed in my pants"
"Two cool Donkey Kong propaganda posters.."
"First girl to show at the Reddit Meetup."
"Something seems roachy about this title"
"Civil war leads to...freedom?"
"Christians Constantly Rail Against All Things Immoral"
"Mother of all morphs"
"MFW"
"a real scanner darkly scramble suit"
"Your brain is not ready for this"
"Cool Facial Morphing Animated Gif"
"How I feel today"
"Moar wtf"
"the original WTF."
"The new age of siphoning gas"
"The new age of siphoning gas"
"Every time I try to cook something"
"Like a boss"
"I want a fucking poncho."
"I'm Sold!!"
"Coincidence? I think not."
"Arise..."
"Pope Vader"
"Babysitting"
"Parenting done right"
"It reminds me of an ostrich  but I just don't know..."
"60 lb Hot Dog"
"Playing it cool"
"It was really hot that day..."
"My dog's just chilling"
"Please don't do Coke in the bathroom"
"I can see videos of decapitations  gore and autopsies calmly. But this... This shit right here... Is just fucked up. [NSFL]"
"Enough."
"After just a couple months on Reddit"
"Reddit Today"
"Reddit tomorrow."
"When you want to have sex but the gf doesn't [Fixed]"
"How I imagine Ted Nugent and Donald Trump right now."
"How I imagine Ted Nugent and Donald Trump right now."
"Eh  more like 50 years  but whatever. It's still pretty accurate."
"How Canadians [Should] View America [Fixed]"
"How Canadians view America [FIXED]"
"What Canadians think of Americans(Fixed)"
"Genius"
"Retractable swimming pool"
"Cry baby"
"How to tell if your son is gay"
"TIL that when giraffes fight  it's fucking hilarious"
"Relaxing after a hard day's work  only to realize I've forgotten something very important."
"Ya so  Just a sweater."
"Dog smells something.."
"Om nom nom nom nom... NOPE."
"Poot!"
"Take that  captcha."
"I can't tell what most disturbing"
"I can't tell what's most disturbing"
"Barely literate mantis"
"Yo man my bad..."
"Watchout  We got a badass over here."
"Every Reddit Couple Conversation"
"How I feel when I post a cool link on someones facebook and they never respond to it."
"When someone on Reddit agrees with me."
"How it must feel to buy yourself Reddit Gold"
"How I imagine the few (if any) Canadians in the stands at the Olympics in London."
"How I feel when my post dies with only my upvote"
"How I feel when I see that first upvote after I submit a link"
"When you have a successful post but none of your friends are redditors"
"there I fixed it"
"Trust me  I'm an engineer..."
"Trust me  I'm an engineer... (x-post from /r/pics)"
"That should do it."
"I have the best view at work."
"Ear Flapping Puppy."
"i can't be the only one..."
"Gets me every time...."
"His neck  his back  lick his...."
"Waited to post this on my cake day and missed my cake day. Ironic since I missed it because I was trying to kiss ass for a job."
"Saw this in my school's computer lab"
"Hitchiking: You are doing it wrong"
"The original shitty_watercolor"
"I think I found Shitty_Watercolour..."
"My kind of Dj.."
"D-D-D-DROP THE BASS"
"One word: Predation."
"Fus-Roh-Legoooo!"
"ultra combo"
"quite a juxtaposition (repost? idk.)"
"Life &amp; Death"
"Butterfly eyeball."
"reaction when someone calls me out on the internet"
"Everyone that thinks reddit cares about their reaction to /r/Spacedicks"
"Praise the Lord! Miracle in the alcohol aisle!"
"Very Wise Words  Indeed (X-Post from r/Fallout)"
"Just snoop dogg"
"Since the Target near me is getting ready for the holidays already  I thought I would too. - Imgur"
"You don't say"
"Real or fake?"
"Hot? WTF? NSFW?"
"Anyone else had to leave WTF because it's truly WTF now?"
"Raptor Jesus  who went extinct for our sins"
"Artist Peter Fecteau making a giant Martin Luther King  Jr. mural out of Rubik's cubes"
"Jack’s OCD was entering its terminal phase…"
"Made it  Ma! Top of the world!"
"New Zealand from Space during Spacewalk"
"Awesome view from International Space Station - Looking over New Zealands south island"
"Astronauts constructing Integrated Truss Structure over New Zealand"
"To DO list."
"North Pole - Sun - Moon"
"Are you sure thats what you want to name your son?"
"What's in a name?"
"What an unfortunate name."
"Fool me once shame on me..fool me twice shame on you"
"When you see it..."
"One of these is not like the other  which one is it?"
"His Kung Fu is Strong"
"Best obituary ever...."
"Mr Bones Wild Ride"
"I want to get off MR BONES WILD RIDE"
"Camel Thorn Trees  Namibia"
"Browsing /r/drunk when you're high."
"BICYCLE!!!!"
"I just want to ride my bicycle"
"Many faces of beauty"
"Call on Me"
":o"
"Three Nigel Moon"
"That'll prove my point."
"Warning: crab crossing"
"Foreplay"
"I'm glad you came?(FB)"
"How I feel about everyone posting about their cake day and getting upvotes."
"&quot;He has no idea im laying here&quot;"
"I are paralyze?"
"pillow:1  cat:0"
"Suddenly pillow."
"The pillow won"
"Things you stop wishing for after you grow up"
"Once you do the duckface  it just keeps evolving"
"Surprise Motherfucka!"
"Stop playing with yourself  Hooper!"
"RobotRave"
"Even in the Future  A Redneck Wedding Stays the Same"
"Transformers on x."
"Home Make Over: Jesus Edition"
"it would be funnier if nature would be like this"
"As I get older  this seems to happen more and more often..."
"My reaction to the State of the Union Address"
"My High School is Big on Teaching About Genitals Now Apparently..."
"This squirrel must think the camera man is nuts"
"Extreme Closeup !!"
"Ready for My Close Up"
"Squirrel getting a little friendly"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"How I feel submitting a link 5 minutes before the blackout."
"How I feel upvoting one last link before bed"
"Bismuth lattice"
"So that's how you do it........."
"So that's how you do it...."
"Caught in the act"
"You misspelled &quot;cat&quot;"
"Hey /u/thatcoolguyben - you dodged a bullet with that one-night stand mate!"
"consider that.."
"oh hey it's a cute little hamster...WAT."
"I'll never look at hamsters the same way again"
"My reaction whenever someone around me makes an insightful and intelligent comment"
"When I go to r/askscience."
"Ohhhhhhhh NoOoOooooooooooooooez"
"Oh noes!"
"And lo  did the great wall give its gift of grub to the believer."
"Anti-Bloomberg &amp; Surveillance Culture Satire"
"I feel a lot safer now"
"I'm serious"
"I'm Serious (repost from r/funny)"
"Indian Burn..."
"Googled &quot;Was not disappointed.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"everytime I see a cat post"
"I am starving."
"actuallyonellamacreepinganewlywedcouple"
"Mother-in-llama."
"I get the hint"
"Lets spread this awareness  KONY 2012."
"Don't forget to vote! (I'm still haunted by this...)"
"Remeber to vote for..."
"Time for a slogan change"
"Nope"
"And then I was like..."
"Not Quite"
"NOPE"
"Belushi brothers' school pictures"
"I ain't so crazy..."
"This is a must for the WiiU!"
"Satisfactory dancing."
"Cracks a hell of a drug"
"Just two penguins in sweaters."
"Sweaters for Penguins Affected by New Zealand Oil Spill - Imgur"
"Penguins in jumpers? PENGUINS IN JUMPERS"
"Wait...this isn't my blanket!"
"Google searched asstastic.... This came up."
"Hoo\~o_o\~oot"
"And then one day  GIANT KITTENS ATTACKED!"
"Welcome to the internet"
"Possibly the most awesome picture i have ever found...Reddit  eat your heart out"
"It's all over. This just won the Internet."
"Follow me!"
"Please  let me..."
"Let me introduce you to..."
"Welcome to Reddit"
"Best Halloween Ass *NSFW*"
"He does makes a good point"
"I used to be self conscious"
"Daniel Radcliffe used to be self-conscious about his height (5' 5&quot;)"
"Daniel Radcliffe gets it"
"Very clever car insurance ad"
"Meanwhile  on Myspace."
"Found on Google+ [Fixed]"
"This is what I'm getting my son..."
"Japan in a nutshell"
"When people tell me Romney or Obama have the presidency locked up....."
"How I feel reading my friend's political Facebook posts tonight"
"move your body (fixed)"
"A game of world conquest"
"No. Way. That did not just happen."
"Do it again  betcha can't do it again"
"Sensei Rabbit"
"The World According to Americans"
"A$$ kitty"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"I made this on photoshop"
"You've been warned"
"preposterous erections"
"My  what a ridiculous erection. [X-post r/funny]"
"I've had a few myself."
"What I think of when someone mentions &quot;Sandy&quot;"
"No Luke Skywalker?!"
"Star Wars condom"
"Now what are you gonna do?"
"Deal with it."
"For my cakeday I present my favourite collection of cat Gifs"
"Kid parallel parking."
"not bad"
"The gangster type mashups are always my fave."
"He's in your head"
"one of the best HD minecraft backgrounds"
"Someone please explain WTF is going on?!"
"Classic WTF"
"Storm winds unearthed something in the yard"
"Audrey Hepburn in the kitchen"
"The early comics were... darker"
"The Game that ruins friendships"
"What it feels like to play Mario Party drunk"
"Fact"
"x-post from r/aww"
"This always makes me laugh"
"Why would anyone do this?"
"Lovely soup"
"Just taking a nice bath with family and baby"
"Cutest face I've ever seen... I want one as a pet"
"Wish I had one!"
"a must for all workmen"
"Just Emma being Emma"
"Male unicorn"
"I find this double-rotation oddly soothing"
"oh god why..."
"When I realize I'm looking at shemale porn.."
"When I accidentally click the [m] posts on r/gonewild"
"Getting to the bottom pages of r/gonewild"
"My friend's reaction to the &quot;stripper&quot; we ordered."
"Bringing the wrong Thai girl back home with you"
"went on Chatroulette for the first time..."
"The Ghost Rider"
"Oh great.... Ghost Rider is here..."
"Repost? Meh  this is too beautiful not to share..."
"Atheism Motivational Poster"
"Atheism: no purpose in life. Ya'll don't know nothin"
"Arrogant Atheists..."
"My first encounter in the wild(facebook)... Still can't believe it's serious."
"It's no belief and it's not magic"
"Whose license plate is this?"
"This captures my life exactly but without alcohol."
"Hurricane Update."
"NOPE.gif"
"Striking Multiple Exposure Shot of Takeoffs at Hannover Airport"
"Multiple exposure photo at Hanover Airport"
"How I feel when my posts are down-voted to Hades"
"MFW I'm in public and a couple starts fighting"
"I stumbled upon a Romney/Obama fight between friends on Facebook"
"This belongs here"
"good girl"
"My ex finally got her book published"
"THE EVOLUTION OF NINTENDO'S CONTROLLERS"
"Russian Ironman [Fixed]"
"Russian Ironman [FIXED]"
"anti-rape condom"
"Who comes up with these ideas..."
"Getting an upvote on reddit."
"Don't hate me.."
"Don't hate me.."
"It's hard not to hate"
"How I attempt to get out of fights with girls..."
"If we went to high school together and I've seen you out in public  this goes out to you."
"Every time I go out in public and see someone from school or work."
"YEAH BITCH  MAGNETS!"
"Warglebarglebarglebarglebargle"
"The Power of Magnets"
"quantum levitation"
"The Future is Now"
"The Future is Now"
"How has this not been done to death?"
"PIZZA?!"
"Deadly Beasts"
"Red pandas!"
"How I feel when i beat a Korean in StarCraft"
"What it feels like to have mail when logging in to reddit."
"Whenever I find shows from my childhood on Netflix."
"It's shit like this  Venezuela!"
"MT. Roramia  Brazil [960x720]"
"Run!!!"
"When boss comes back to the office"
"Kittens playing with a vacuum. Hilarious"
"How Atlanta gets engaged"
"Welcome to Georgia."
"Welcome to Georgia"
"How I feel when I get invited by a coworker to her church"
"Great... but do it again with a poptart."
"no...no..NO NO NO NO NOPE NOPE NO NO"
"Who downvotes a cat?!"
"Backing up  backing up"
"Put it in Reverse!"
"OH GOD WHY"
"Arguing with christians"
"I wonder what's for dinner?"
"When work keeps me up late"
"Just saw this giant NOPE posted to Facebook. NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Here's the number to congratulate me on my real life cake day (today). Let the downvotes begin!"
"53 hand-picked cat gifs. I hope you like them."
"Because blasphemy can be fun!"
"My cleaning trolley."
"I know most redditors will appreciate this"
"Think you could solve this?"
"Unfortunately  4chan gets it right"
"Anybody else have friends like this?"
"How the fuck this happened?"
"Sometimes you just know your insurance isn't going to cover it"
"Sarah Jessica Parker  go home. You're drunk."
"no time to explain!"
"What it's like to live in Arizona during this whole &quot;Hurricane Sandy&quot; business"
"Still my favorite picture on the Internet"
"Meanwhile..."
"Meanwhile...."
"Meanwhile.."
"Meanwhile..."
"The American Dream"
"A quote I thought /conspiracy would enjoy."
"Family."
"Slendermans retarted cousin ……"
"white people.jpg"
"There's a kid holding the guy's right hand...."
"When one of my posts got deleted for not being a reaction"
"Boys only"
"Wonder what r/mensrights has to say about this"
"What I imagine my dog did during his 24hr adventure from the house."
"I feel like this dog could solve world hunger and cure cancer just by looking at people."
"They say pets look like their owners"
"Gets Me Every Time"
"Had to climb on top of a building to get this shot. I'm pretty proud of it!"
"Incredible flower refactions through a Damselfly covered in DEW!! (2048 x 1365)"
"LaughingYao"
"So true!"
"This is what everyone will be saying  before there mauled by zombies"
"I tried melting crayons for valentines day too!"
"When someone opens a pack of gum"
"When someone opens a pack of gum"
"I regret it so much..."
"This Affects Nearly All of Us"
"My boyfriend is currently having this problem."
"Time to buy a new PC"
"I live in a low speed internet cottage for the summer. First World Problem"
"I wish this was a real book."
"I think this counts NSFW"
"So Julia Roberts sure has... changed. [NSFW]"
"An air bubble  trapped inside a water droplet  on the International Space Station"
"I have respect for Jackie Chan  but seeing him around these types of girls makes me wonder."
"So...conflicted..."
"Jackie Chan and a lesbian"
"Around and around and around he goes."
"Perfect loop..."
"Toast + Cat = Antigravity"
"oh dear god..."
"Shock &amp; Awe."
"New favorite photo of Obama"
"Bro+Nod+Gesture = Brodsture"
"down for a game of concur?"
"Nothing to see here either... just a half-albino peacock"
"How you feel when you see that you got link karma"
"Hearing a dirty joke around my parents and trying to be civil"
"Whenever someone says &quot;no one knew who I was dressed as&quot;"
"I wasn't sure if this had been posted before  but I thought it was too good not to share: Tom Hardy and Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Hardy and Gordon-Levitt being boss"
"How it felt after I received my first play slip after a over a year of unemployment"
"Live so Free..."
"I never thought I would say this  but I agree with this church sign"
"Probably a repost but I think it's awesome"
"Imagine if.."
"Meet Vader's Girlfriend"
"Bank failure must really get them going"
"History is great."
"There are no words"
"I'd vote for him."
"How to catch a Norwegian"
"How to catch a white person"
"How to catch a white person:"
"After my second beer  on my couch  after work  this is pretty much spot on."
"He's not dealing with it"
"My reaction when I saw that this was the original version of this gif"
"For those redditors who have seen this everywhere  but have never really seen this guy's eyes. You're welcome."
"The first person ever to evolve his Magikarp in 1996"
"When the last few people begin to pass out at the NYE party..."
"When a Word document I haven't saved in over an hour stops responding."
"Like a boss"
"Girlfriend admitted that she masturbates about 2 times a week. She said she was embarrassed and that I probably don't masturbate that much. (SFW)"
"Seahorse Giving Birth"
"Just falling from the sky!!"
"all the difference"
"Killing Me Softly"
"Robvargas delivered Emma Watson pics"
"emma"
"Emma"
"This is the image for my friends' nonprofit for testicular cancer called &quot;Sacks of Love&quot;. Wanna show them some love?"
"IDEK"
"Fantastic Mr. Fox"
"This always gets me to laugh."
"This always gets me to laugh."
"I just broke up with my boyfriend. In celebration of my new found singledom  here is my favorite gif of all time."
"adorbs."
"Your a window licker!"
"What now  bitches?"
"Nothing like paying the bills."
"WHAT NOW  BITCHES?"
"Fuck off  Jesus"
"Jesus is at it again."
"That damn Jesus.."
"Vegan Money Shot"
"Gingers and Fellatio"
"This girl really enjoys her daily dose of vitamin A... (Possibly NSFW)"
"This was common in China until 1949"
"Chinese Foot Binding"
"You get used to it. All I see is pi."
"&quot;Do you always look at it encoded?&quot; You get used to it. All I see is pie."
"You asked for it: &quot;Fear Not Hell 3.0: Community Edition&quot; 30% moar Atheists  400% moar females  and more."
"Fear not..."
"Pretty sure nobody would be complaining if she'd used googly eyes."
"Hey grandpa how have you.... Oh my.. Yeah I'll see you later..."
"I know this guy. He works at my kid’s daycare. Wait...."
"Why petting a cow can be dangerous."
"K.O."
"My glasses!"
"Just watched Attack of the Clones - this is all I could think of during the Coruscant chase"
"Obi-Wan goes dnb"
"My commute to work after school finally lets out for Summer"
"this made me lol"
"Where did this go?"
"Havin' a wonderful time!"
"I feel Fantastic"
"Meanwhile at Disney's Headquarters"
"After a 3 martini lunch"
"Trombones  seriously!"
"Found on Facebook  made me laugh."
"Squirgina"
"Did anyone play this beast back in the days when EA was still making original games?"
"o.o why  Walt?"
"Banned racist cartoon from the 1930's."
"I've never been so amused and offended at the same time."
"Stock Photos Made Funny"
"Christopher Walken"
"Bitch  please..."
"Is this the best photo of Jeremy Clarkson?"
"Sesame Street Cupcakes!"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOO.jpg"
"Just thought i'd leave this here."
"Gervais on Athiesm"
"repost-ception"
"Freeze!"
"I just heard about this...why does it exist"
"SPOON-AY"
"Spoonie! SPOON-AY!"
"2030 GOP presidential nominee"
"This is how I feel about your cat every time your post makes it to the front page."
"My reaction to a fight that is starting in my school cafe..."
"How I feel as an Alaskan redditor at any hour"
"Quit playin' yo."
"Yo  quit playing"
"This is why I joined Reddit"
"No. Nope. No"
"When I nope  you nope  we nope!"
"Saw this on my patio..... NOPE!"
"Lightning storm at Grand Canyon  Arizona"
"Grand Canyon lightning storm"
"Mesmerizing"
"Hey honey  I got you a present... oh..."
"Sidecar"
"Pure Awesomeness"
"15 year old Calvin and Hobbes strip with almost clairvoyance on how we got into our current financial crisis."
"Corporate America  explained by Calvin and Hobbes"
"Oh Calvin..."
"Occupy Calvin &amp; Hobbes"
"scorpions....."
"A classic moment in film history"
"Frozone (FIXED)"
"$20  one thrift store  close enough?"
"My downtime banana"
"I would kill to snuggle with them."
"the cutest picture of llamas i've ever seen"
"Alpacas are cute too!"
"I find this one cuter."
"How I feel when I play Pokemon Snap"
"I'm guessing he fell asleep at his desk."
"I'm guessing he fell asleep at his desk"
"I can haz pet too"
"This scares me more than the emptiness of space [FIXED]"
"Logging late at night to find a new trophy  other than the &quot;verified mail&quot;."
"Haters Gonna Hate (Godzilla style)"
"How I felt as a child when I was mocked for wearing heelies..."
"If you park like this  fuck you"
"It's a dangerous business  parking your car..."
"thats the spot!"
"I raise you one koala."
"Reddit I bring you gifts... or rather  a koala bear"
"Oh  Louis"
"Louis CK: Comedian  Masturbator"
"my parents are lucky i didn't know about these when i was a kid"
"My reaction when I see a yellow light."
"22 ft - 2 500lb crocodile caught in Africa just off the Niger River."
"Niger River crocodile that was terrorizing local villagers."
"Well that's just...fucking huge..."
"What &quot;There's plenty of fish in the sea&quot; really means"
"The good old days"
"I GOT THIS"
"Chill out guys I got this"
"I feel you bro"
"Just a snowman"
"Cool Ghoul."
"Canadian Zombies"
"Picture of a mother cat tenderly rubbing noses with her baby kitten"
"Meet EmmyLou"
"When my friend finally pays up after losing a bet [fixed]"
"Errmaahhgerrrrd."
"My fellow ladies out there should know this feel."
"My reaction to what the guy at the store said  when my pregnant wife sent me out for a flavor of Ben &amp; Jerry's they didn't have"
"Boromir at the movies."
"One does not simply..."
"How I feel when my dad tells me to stop answering the questions on jeopardy."
"Now that's a helmet worthy of Thor!"
"The Problem of Evil"
"What a haircut ! Great art !"
"Even if you hate it  you gotta be impressed. . . I found this on Fail Blog  but this is clearly a &quot;win&quot;!"
"Share the load. (NSFW-ish)"
"Dad  I can't find my LSD"
"There's bigger problems!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson just ruined the Angels for me."
"The Mona Burgundy"
"How reddit feels about most of my posts."
"Awesome Futuristic City"
"Future NY?"
"The MacBook Air's best feature (xpost from r/funny)"
"Seeing my Sisters college friends for the first time"
"Took me a few seconds..."
"Oh Sweet Jesus..."
"Gorge Road BMX Jump Park"
"I reread the comments on all of my posts"
"I reread the comments on my posts"
"My New Response For Grammar Nazi's..."
"Whenever I post to the wrong subreddit and the mods ask me to remove it !!"
"Fido  India  Romeo  Sierra  Tango. /Over."
"Googled I have no idea what I'm doing  wasn't dissapointed"
"Silly dog  you're drunk"
"How I feel on my first cakeday  trying to karmawhore."
"How I feel taking Calculus for the first time"
"The force is strong with this one."
"Dinner Time"
"A hungry protector"
"World Peas"
"HIFW I end a debate with a one-liner."
"White people"
"Chicago Grid at Night"
"A book that makes every dinner a turn-on."
"absolute boss!"
"massive come back"
"Need a sea monster? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Not the proper way to take a photograph"
"Sure  I can still take a picture..."
"Parenting at its finest"
"Halloween party is at 8. I'll never make it in time!"
"I said  shut up beioch!!"
"STFU!"
"Japan."
"Japan Again"
"Older than the internet but still my favorite meth before and after"
"Australia"
"Wtf Australia?"
"First gif I have ever seen (circa 2003)"
"I was out of town for my cakeday but here's my favorite gif anyways."
"Introducing Jack the yoga dog:"
"Trying out yoga for the first time"
"How I feel when I meet the new bf of a crazy girl who's great in bed that I used to date"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Relationship Problem Solver"
"Had to print these out this past weekend:"
"Like electron microscope images? Try the hydrothermal worm."
"I fucking love sweeping!"
"I fucking love sweeping"
"Tail Chomp Wolf"
"Chris Crispy"
"Searched &quot;GTFO&quot; on Google"
"Me and the internet when I have work to do"
"excuse me sir  there's a puppy in my taco"
"My attempt at imgur roulette"
"Whole wheat AND heart melting..."
"How to play ping pong like a boss"
"Bruce Lee in all his glorious majesty. (It's hard to tell who it is until you realize what's happening.)"
"A marble being held in front of a map. (X-post from r/trees)"
"Be healthy  kids."
"Pretend they're little trees!"
"You're name is NOT Calvin Klein. . ."
"Purple Rain..."
"I Prefer Prince's REALLY Early Work"
"was creepin through my buddies pictures when I found this  couldn't help but laugh"
"She didn't choose the thug life.."
"Official US Airforce Weather Balloon Identification Chart"
"Face I make when a girl likes something on my facebook..."
"Should have been flagged for excessive celebration"
"Funny FAIL newspaper image."
"I am not a clever man"
"How I feel moving too a new neighbourhood."
"what (NSFW)"
"So many soldiers"
"Colorized portrait of Abraham Lincoln"
"Abraham Lincoln. Now in Color!"
"Las Vegas suburb"
"NoM nOm NOM"
"Om nom nom turtle!"
"Turtle-NOM"
"More turtle cuteness"
"Om Nom Nom"
"FACK I forgot to update my resume  suppose this can wait a day."
"After one official year on Reddit  here's how I feel about 4chan."
"Googled &quot;The most American picture ever&quot;. This was the first result."
"I'll be right back....could you watch him for me?"
"This is what happens when you let your kids change their own diapers"
"Diaper Change. 1:0"
"How I feel when there's a repost on the front page"
"James Spader"
"Finally  my dream has come true!"
"When NSFW turns into NSFL [Fixed]"
"That moment when you realize what the big deal about r/spacedicks was."
"So I got curious and went to /r/spacedicks"
"FALCON PUNCH!"
"What driving in Wisconsin during a snowstorm reminds me of"
"This is maybe a sloth  but i want to hug it!"
"In one word: Catballs (nsfw)"
"Reddit needs more sloths [FIXED]"
"Takes balls.."
"A birthday Wish"
"Weak floor..."
"How Charles Manson and I feel about reposts..."
"How feel reading repost arguments on a post I've never seen."
"A small corner of the world"
"Mount Roraima  Venezuela"
"This is Venezuela"
"6 days and counting"
"Yoink!"
"How I feel when someone posts the same link with a funnier title"
"This is delici.....Awww..."
"How i feel when my post get a downvote after an upvote."
"Damn stupid penguins!"
"Seychelles  Africa"
"For Science!"
"Baby Korean Godfather will now accept your tribute..."
"Baby Korean Godfather (x-post pics)"
"Hilter reborn  as an Asian"
"The Korean Godfather... (x post from /r/pics)"
"When I was told by my brother who grew up playing battlefield that he likes Call of Duty more."
"When I found out my favourite teacher  who taught me about the geologic time scale  was a christian."
"How I Feel Getting Friend-Zoned After a Few Dates by a Redditor I met on Match. (Obviously non-OC"
"Soon."
"Soon."
"Soon."
"When my friend finds out I spilled his secret."
"Mesmerizing scales - Bush Viper"
"Can someone tell me what this mini dragon is called?"
"Holy fuck this is cool O.o"
"Googled &quot;redditors&quot;. Seems about right."
"Girls can play  too: Erin DiMeglio  17  is the first girl to play quarterback for a Florida high school team. And she looks badass in uniform."
"Bitch  I'm fabulous"
"Rape is okay!"
"Sounds like an... interesting career"
"Yep."
"Simba double?"
"Nicolas Cage is...God."
"Olympic Hopeful [gif]"
"Olympic Hopeful"
"Every time I try to post."
"Biggest NOPE - Fuckthat.gif"
"Which of these is not delicious?"
"Is it bad that I am EXTREMELY excited for this?"
"Im really bad at this game  but I still like my endings to be tragic."
"This little guy is suffering... Look at his face!"
"Dog hot tub"
"Matt's Therapy"
"Memory Foam"
"Memory foam"
"An interesting view of death."
"An interesting perspective on death."
"I've always loved this quote."
"I'm having a good time... not."
"The Mothership"
"Boats"
"So Thanksgiving is coming and we all have to deal with uncle Gary"
"The picture that started it all"
"Ron Catson"
"Grumpy face"
"I disagree. Here is SwansonCat"
"Wake me up again."
"I guess it had to happen"
"The funniest grumpy cat I have seen"
"The only grumpy cat meme that has ever made me laugh."
"Grumpy Xmas"
"The loving story behind a child molester and his teddy bear."
"This is what annoying Facebook kids look like when they talk about how much MySpace sucks."
"Oh yeah  milk."
"In a parallel universe..."
"Things are just slightly WTF in the alternate universe"
"FawwWWWwwwn"
"Could you do me a favor?"
"Burger recipes from Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra."
"So it turns out Frank Sinatra was a pretty terrible friend..."
"Their not mine but they looked so cute i had to post them."
"Just some cats in space."
"Best summer camp ever!"
"Sign me the fuck up!"
"The peacock spider"
"Yo dawg I heard you like spiders"
"Quite."
"The world seen from Norway."
"The world seen from Norway"
"The world seen from Norway"
"Norway's perspective of the world"
"How we Norwegians view the world"
"World seen by Norwegians"
"The world seen as a Norwegian?"
"The world seen from Norway"
"The world seen from Norway by T. Hylland Eriksen"
"The world seen by norwegians"
"That smile isn't going to last for much longer..."
"REPOST...wait doing what reddit does best"
"How I feel after having a conversation with a girl and not embarrassing myself."
"Every time I see a imgur post of an animated GIF on reddit."
"My friend and I browsing r/new when suddenly we find a post that doesn't suck."
"When i found out that links don't turn purple in Google Chrome's incognito mode"
"Yo' mama is so fat..."
"My Wife said our daughter looks like a gang member. I don't see it."
"simon loves his new landrover"
"While looking up pictures of cars  I found this."
"We all have different fetishes I suppose"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"Still got it'"
"No Barney!!! That is a BAD touch!"
"Aurora seen from Space"
"Aurora Borealis.. from the view of a sattelite"
"Aurora Borealis.. with the view from a sattelite"
"First and Last Time in This Part Of the City..."
"First and last time in this part of the city."
"Fuck Suicide!"
"Girl's Handpainted R2D2 Shorts - Rad Booty"
"R2Datass2"
"Karate kid 4"
"Escalators! How Do They Work?"
"Well.. That escalated quickly..."
"I was molested by the arrow SFW"
"Bieber's first (and only) hit"
"I'll quote whoever I want"
"Cool statue from France"
"I need to find a new dentist..."
"Parrot getting its hair brushed with a toothbrush"
"This always makes me smile."
"Browsing Netflix and I realized this needs to happen again."
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the Olympics. FTFY"
"I think this picture is amazing."
"Rock Pillows"
"Best pillows ever."
"TAG  YOU'RE IT!"
"Me  chasing my dreams."
"Story of my life."
"Got a new printer today."
"Rare behind the scenes picture of Heath Ledger on the set of The Dark Knight."
"Rare behind the scenes picture of Heath Ledger on the set of The Dark Knight.(x-post from r/movies)"
"hakuna matata!"
"Timon and Pumba (sic) [bonus add-on] {not FIXED} |these aren't even brackets| $_REPOST=likely"
"I see your Pumba  and raise you Timon WITH Pumba!"
"Not sure if you should? Let me help you there..."
"Strike a pose"
"Apparently Satan is Queer according to this camper."
"Apparently Satan is Queer according to this camper."
"What in the fucking fuck."
"Wonder what he did to get downvoted like that..."
"This poor kid has down vote written all over his face"
"Beer ads.."
"For some reason"
"Whenever I take gum out in front of friends."
"Oh... Okay..."
"I know this gets reposted a lot  but this is funny as fuck."
"Every time I watch the space jump and see Felix standing on the platform."
"chee chee  the human suspects nothing"
"Dang. I miss MXC and these guys."
"I miss these guys..."
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the Olympics."
"One year ago I made my account to upvote these guys!"
"Who says humans can't fly?"
"Thirsty Elephant"
"So I'm just going to help myself to some of your water."
"Reddit's relationship with reposts"
"How reddit deals with reposts"
"Reddit's relationship with reposts [FIXED]"
"Pirate Hook"
"Fly  you fools!"
"What's going on guys?"
"Amazing beer pong shot"
"Beer Pong"
"Stuck the landing [gif]"
"Weird but so true."
"To match your duckfaces...."
"Mandatory for Seafaring Birds"
"Spread the word to the duckfaces"
"I know the feeling  Spidey."
"don't...turn...around..."
"Unbelievable ice formation"
"Just an Icicle"
"I woke up to find this unbelievable ice formation outside"
"The hottest band on the market. ( first post!!! =]. )"
"Honestly not sure how this makes me feel about Nickelback.. so bad they're now GOOD?"
"Since we're on the topic of epic maps  8 years and I still play the shit out of this one."
"How I feel whenever I... nevermind."
"What animal is this?"
"Double-Jump!"
"Never Obsolete"
"Yeah but can it run Crysis?"
"That turtle has a suitcase."
"Happy hump day..."
"Trolololol"
"I like this guy"
"He's back!"
"I cannot stress how attractive and fun she is"
"Kidnapped again"
"Everest"
"Everest"
"Mount Everest as seen from Drukair"
"Keep it."
"Friend on facebook posted this  what high-school has come to today"
"The Bus Knight"
"The Bus Knight"
"The Bus Knight"
"Still my favorite FB post of all time."
"everyone was kung-fu fighting [x-post r/gifsound]"
"Everybody was..."
"Buddy  idk where you came from..."
"Lavafall at night - Iceland"
"The wonders of Photoshop"
"Jesus's Special Ingredients [Xpost from r/ImGoingToHellForThis]"
"Some tasty eclairs"
"Jesus makes cannibalism acceptable"
"Jesus's special ingredients"
"No thanks..."
"Sausage."
"Got your spleen! [nsfw]"
"Well...no wait what?"
"Number one sign your boyfriend is cheating"
"Power of makeup"
"Priceless"
"this guy makes me want to watch wrestling"
"Rabbit"
"Dragonfly high five"
"So  what's the speed limit for buses in USA? Match 2?"
"Searched &quot;Awesome&quot; on Google Images out of boredom... Not at all disappointed."
"Story of my dog's life..."
"Aim and fire!"
"At Least Use Keystone..."
"Penn says"
"Sheep Pig."
"I really want to do all of these..."
"good  better  the best."
"I will bet on Kratos."
"Adorable Assassination."
"Try this you damn &quot;plankers&quot;"
"Thaitanic"
"Too Fat for Fun"
"I googled 'Canada GIF'"
"Well that sucks(FIXED)"
"Well that sucks (FIXED)"
"Well that sucks"
"My mind. &gt;.&lt; My eyes. NO!"
"I don't know if this has been posted before  but I think it's worthy"
"Ouch! (X-post from r/pokemon)"
"Ammmurrrca"
"...And a Diet Coke."
"Oh YouTube.."
"LOL has anyone else seen this bullshit on Facebook ?"
"Motivation effectively halved"
"Problem solved...kind of"
"1 Megabite"
"One MEGAbite"
"Batman doesn't fuck around."
"Every time I get into the shower with my wife"
"0.o"
"Stars. They use baskets!"
"5 Gum"
"Removing the growth rings to reveal the tree at a younger age [pic] [x-post r/pics]"
"The artist Giuseppe Penone removes the growth rings on a tree to reveal the tree at a younger age"
"You know that moment in public when you fart and think you may have shit your pants? And find that you didn't?"
"How I feel when I take a piss after I work it out."
"Worlds cutest dictator."
"How to brush your teeth like a man"
"Aliens gave my cat a BEARD!"
"Whenever someone cuts by best friend's head off..."
"I see your various sea creatures and raise you a real pokemon."
"This amazing creature really exists; Glaucus Atlanticus."
"Paint Me Like One of Your French Girls"
"Baroque Obama"
"HIM???"
"Sending help."
"So.Many.Puppies"
"Who Uses These?"
"Are you kidding me?"
"Synchronised dogging [sfw]"
"Jump Doggy"
"sooo many puppies jumping rope"
"I tried to give a round of applause but...."
"It's tough to be a dinosaur."
"EVERYBODY [version 2]"
"My journey to the front page"
"Wooo- No  no  SHIT NO NOOOOOOOOO."
"Please tell me this shit's 'shopped."
"Wiener!"
"Corgi Link"
"A picture I took yesterday in Tahrir Square  Cairo  at 11 PM."
"I will never poop in peace ever again."
"I'm going to take advantage of the recently posted GIF album  and show what happened when I found r/spacedicks."
"I See Your Most Stressful Level and Raise You[Fixed]"
"Thems some pretty stressful levels [fixed]"
"How I feel on a blind date"
"there are no words."
"Gary Busey...WHAT?"
"How I feel as a 27-year-old when people post pictures of under-19 celebrities on r/ladyboners"
"Walking home after a bootycall (about an hour ago)"
"After leaving the receipt in the ATM on payday."
"Mother Russia likes the Discotech"
"Peterdance"
"J.D. wait a second  what?"
"Sometimes movie logic baffles me. (Please excuse the crappy MS Paint text  I don't have Photoshop on my work 'puter)."
"Smile!"
"Young Love &lt;3"
"Please don't kill me with fire"
"What ocean sand looks like magnified 250x."
"What ocean sand looks like - magnified 250 times"
"Entry - Exit"
"Low five!"
"GOOD KITTY!"
"wanna fight with me ? baby"
"The mortified punter"
"Every first exam of the semester"
"Tron girls"
"Lucky Penny Trap!"
"Pink Floyd."
"Splash Mountain Monopoly Comedians Strike Back."
"Now that's advertising."
"1893 Square and Stationary Earth Map &quot;...The Bible Map of the World&quot; (x-post r/MapPorn)"
"Your candidate vs Their candidate"
"ahh politics"
"So thats whats going on there..."
"Going to hell for laughing at this."
"Blink"
"Blink if you want me."
"Screw your &quot;stressful levels&quot;."
"Marvel vs. Hoodrat 3"
"I can't get over how the graph is wrong"
"3...2...1...FIGHT"
"F-F-F-FIGHT!"
"F-F-F-FIGHT!! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Just made this."
"Fight!"
"TEST. YOUR MIGHT."
"Irresistible"
"LARPing"
"Well I guess that's that."
"A quick death is the only escape."
"I guess that's that."
"How r/atheism reacts to &quot;I'm a Christian and I have some questions&quot;"
"Get ready"
"As a monk who has had inferno act 3 on farm for quite some time now  this is how i react when i hear someone say monk is a weak class in inferno."
"Ready for my last semester of college.."
"&quot;Fool your friends...&quot;"
"Too much Latisse if you ask me."
"This image has to reach the rest of the world. Jaywalkers are disrupting traffic all over China."
"As a Republican this is all I can hope for now."
"THOR! HEDGEHOG OF THUNDER."
"Dear god  the prophecies have come to pass. Now is the end of days."
"Ginger"
"Can someone please explain this to me?"
"My Favorite Venn Diagram"
"Yes. John Venn would be proud of this diagram."
"If this is gonna be that kinda party  I'm going to stick my..."
"I own your soul"
"stare into the center of this  relax and let the song of healing heal your soul"
"this is one of her more dramatic photoshoots"
"Duck season / rabbit season"
"How it feels to come to the rescue of a less informed friend who is in a debate"
"Ladies..."
"Tell the world Woody!"
"Whenever an important video or big news comes up on the web and I'm the first one to post it on reddit..."
"Coming back to having over 1 000 comment karma"
"When I was the only one in class to get the bonus question on the midterm right."
"When you see it [x-post from r/PerfectTiming]"
"I stepped on someone (xpost from /r/PerfectTiming)"
"I stepped on somebody right before I left the plane"
"Parents Just Don't Understand..."
"The onion never disappoints."
"She's not exactly street legal"
"Facebook vs reality"
"Badass Level: Lynx"
"Saw this in r/eyecandy. Literally made me say WTF out loud."
"Reddit Poll: Kittens or Puppies"
"Puppy kitty combo 3"
"cat and dog asleep"
"What's that? An unpopular opinion? On my Reddit? I don't think so!"
"1GB  then and now."
"1GB of memory... about 20 years ago."
"Can you tell me how to get  how to get to Thanksgiving?"
"Big Thanksgiving"
"When I answer a question wrong in a large lecture..."
"Saw some rule 34 comments in WTF  so have some bread."
"Courtesy of Neil deGrasse Tyson: What the dinosaurs ignored."
"Courtesy of Neil deGrasse Tyson: What the dinosaurs ignored."
"Courtesy of Neil deGrasse Tyson: What the dinosaurs ignored. [r/atheism]"
"Shut Up and Take My Money."
"Rainbow Trees [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"The trees outside my window form almost a complete rainbow of color"
"Well played  evolution."
"You were wrong"
"Guess who"
"This wood looks terrified"
"Pretty proud of my caption."
"This wood looks terrified [x-post from r/trees]"
"A picture of Theodore Roosevelt riding on a swimming moose"
"Why can't our presidents be this bad ass anymore?"
"T-shirt trolling"
"Will Ferrell speaks the truth...."
"Water is bad for you. Wait  what?"
"ALL UR DOING IS DESTROYING OUR LIVING ENVIRONMENTS!!!"
"This was on my FB feed this morning somehow.. What the hell is going on here? (don't know this person)"
"Jesus put a skeptic in ICU to change his heart and renew his mind. What in the actual fuck? [fb]"
"So imagine this..."
"An interesting look from the other side"
"So this mormon I used to know thinks atheists will fail a lot of things because we don't pray."
"This is the reason i can't stand Christianity just appeared on my news feed can't believe i actually know people like this"
"I'll just leave this here for y'all to critique."
"Oh  the irony"
"Beware of crazy man in wheel chair!"
"NZ radio host on gay marriage."
"Feminism"
"Feminism (crosspost from r/wtf)"
"This women"
"Breastfeeding"
"So  I googled Justin Bieber and Lil Wayne. Wasn't expecting this"
"Weezy + Biebs = The Nastiest Thing I've Ever Seen"
"Iron Man 3: Iron Man and War Machine Side-by-Side (New Armor) {Spoilers?}"
"Both the Mark XLVII and &quot;Iron Patriot&quot; armors on the Iron Man 3 set in Florida."
"Iron Man 3?"
"what every AMA is like."
"Seemed like a good way to end the day."
"LYK DIS IF U CRY EVRYTIM"
"And now  I present to you...uh...this!"
"How I feel when I get a call to work on my day off..."
"I guess being a Super Hero gets old too"
"White People"
"Tuesday nights."
"Put your hand up in the air"
"How I feel when I realise I have no work tomorrow"
"I think I've found my new background"
"The power of Gillette!"
"Making the best of a bad situation"
"19 years old  still makes me scared shitless."
"Sweeping Rage"
"best episode ever"
"Should have used contraception."
"Warning  if you are not ready for children DO NOT watch 3D Porn!!!"
"woman impregnated by 3d film"
"The real dangers of 3D technology... revealed!"
"3d porn  it'll do it to yuh SFW"
"*Boop*"
"*Boop*"
"Best Space Sim IMHO"
"This is why clothing always looks perfect in magazine ads."
"The Secret For Getting Straight A’s"
"My reaction upon reading a couple pages from Fifty Shades of Grey."
"Reddit Right Now"
"Obama. 'Nuff said"
"The portrayal"
"Dog plays catch."
"Doesn't matter  Had sex!"
"Stalin at age 24  1902"
"Young Joseph Stalin  Hipster before it was cool..."
"23 year old Stalin would fit right in today."
"Young Karl Marx."
"Oh shi-"
"Unlikely Superhero..."
"Killstreak logic"
"MODERN WARFARE"
"Jesus Serves"
"Is he Smiling??"
"Is he Smiling??"
"i literally almost died of laughter"
"When I get a 40 point word in Words With Friends"
"FRY MY CHICKEN"
"When I realized today was my cakeday"
"How I feel breaking 1k karma without having tits"
"i shanked him."
"The only pre-color videogame that every made it into my childhood"
"Bitch  I'm on a tractor. (gif)"
"I played a few songs at my friends graduation party last weekend. My guitar was so out of tune that I kept pausing and laughing awkwardly at least 4 times. I really hope this would've happened right then and there."
"Casuals vs Hardcore e3 edition"
"Makes as much sense as Creationism (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Putting the Poke in Pokemon"
"Oh YouTube comments"
"Some people may enjoy dubstep a little TOO much."
"Now that's a hardcore breakfast"
"Nice moves bro."
"Worst Case Scenario"
"Sneak lvl 99"
"1.......2........3.......!"
"Go to /r/spiders they said. Its really informative and enlightening they said."
"Thought I could hold my shit in until my lunch break at work."
"Nobody knows you're a dog."
"The more I think about  the more realistic it is."
"Evolution GIF."
"The weirdest  and most unnoticed  part of the Superbowl..."
"Well  that's one way to get gum off of the bottom of your shoe."
"Waking up with my leg asleep."
":P &gt;"
"Smile"
"I got your tongue!"
"Reddit's CEO goes to Japan"
"It's tough being the CEO of Reddit."
"The Reddit CEO Goes To Cash 4 Gold"
"The life of a cat."
"Just Another Day in the Life of a Cat."
"Like a Boss"
"Damn it feels good"
"The first GIF I ever made."
"The Trinity explosion  16 milliseconds after detonation. The fireball is about 600 feet (200 m) wide."
"A huge detailed pic of Rover Opportunity at Endeavour Crater on Mars. 3 090px × 3 809px"
"Good to see you"
"Being allergic to cats: how it feels to be around friendly kitties"
"Who says we can't be best friends?"
"Meet Darren."
"Darren."
"Darren wants a drama-free relationship"
"My kittens formed a ying and yang heart."
"Redditor kills kittens and puts their bodies in heart shape."
"Cookie."
"Epic Cookie Packaging"
"How the fuck did he just do that?"
"Willy Wonka support looking out for me"
"With all the political social media  men's humor gets it right."
"How High?"
"Zach Braff - how to use the internet"
"That's how it's done!"
"Almost forgetting your cakeday"
"Rob Ryan really wants his vacuum."
"A wee bit angry"
"How the fuck does this even happen?"
"I hope I'm never this Dad"
"Smelly Balls."
"This scene is now ruined for me."
"Why didn't someone think of this game sooner?"
"I can feel my arteries clogging just looking at this. In a good way."
"Turtle Burgers"
"&quot;Turtle&quot; Burgers?!"
"Turtle Burgers [x-post r/wtf]"
"DO WANT!!"
"This is by far the best way to assault your wife"
"Man beats wife with sandwich"
"The life of the party"
"11 Years"
"Let us take a moment to pray for the fallen of 9/11. Let us also thank God  our lord and savior  for protecting all of the survivors. God is so good!"
"Putting on your mask and running up 80 flights of stairs into the biggest fire you've ever seen to save someone you've never met  that's what it means to be an American."
"Down and dirty like a pro."
"Where did she put the case of beer!?"
"An ENTIRE case of beer..gone in seconds!"
"Best game art ever"
"Wait... what?"
"Unbelievable Eyes..."
"Waardenburg Syndrome - the one disease I would totally be content with having."
"Lol... wait what???"
"I've always wondered.."
"Where to put your Pokeballs"
"WTF Pokemon!?"
"Over Billions and Billions Served"
"I'm loving it"
"When my girlfriend asks me what i'm thinking about"
"Do Want"
"Why would anyone do that?"
"I used to go outside and talk to people  but then I saw this picture."
"Needs to chill out!"
"I know where I'm eating"
"I'm interested to see the menu."
"Hospital food"
"Hospital food (x-post r/wtf)"
"Have a fun and SAFE 4th of July everybody!"
"Young Stephen Hawking"
"Stephen Hawking before ALS"
"Finding out that my awesome T.A. is a 9gagfag"
"36 Life-Hacks You should Know"
"Life Hacks"
"An infographic of awesome lifehacks that everyone should know."
"1 2 he's coming for y-OH SHIT!"
"There aren't enough moose on r/aww!"
"the cookie monster driving a toyota full of men with guns"
"POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS is mad at POTATO-IN-MY-ANUS."
"Michael Phelps showing off his gold."
"Ghost City"
"Ghost City Manhattan!"
"Super Storm Sandy makes Manhattan look like Gotham City. (x-post from r/Sandy)"
"Baby and puppy. TOO PRECIOUS!"
"Best Thing To Bust Out During Parties"
"In all fairness he would be pretty lonely on FB"
"Was looking for a picture of Bubbleman from Megaman  got this."
"The Day I Lost Control"
"Today at work  I finally lost control."
"Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji - Land of the Rising Sun"
"Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji"
"A NHL Coach Travels in Time to See One of His Old Games"
"crazy NHL doppleganger in stands"
"NHL Coach Doppelganger"
"Fatcat is fat"
"Animals can be assholes sometimes"
"I can probably just squeeze by here"
"Should your cat ever feel the urge to become a unicorn"
"Dildo cat"
"For when your regular cat just isn't enough."
"Finally  a unicorn horn for cats!"
"Cats love it!"
"Umm ... moo?"
"Real Jesus VS Republican Jesus"
"Jesus vs. Jeezus"
"Our British Bulldog puppies"
"Scary witch"
"Toy story 3  perverted merchandise"
"How I feel redditors view my first post."
"Words of wisdom from my favorite childhood comic."
"The best of childhood."
"How I feel when I want to laugh  but r/aww takes over the front page"
"I HAZ A BUCKET (and a cakeday!)"
"They don't......"
"You mean to tell me.."
"You mean to tell me"
"Mind=Blown"
"One bite"
"Presidential Wallpapers"
"Left  Right and Center- let us all celebrate this glorious Independence Day together- and mark it with a salute to Raptor Reagan"
"Happy Birthday America"
"happy birthday America!!!"
"Because it's the 4th of July  that's why!"
"Ronald Reagan Riding a Velociraptor"
"We need a President like this again. Saw on FB"
"OBAMA=BAMF"
"FOR MORE YEARS!!!!"
"Two terms"
"Seems appropriate if not reposted"
"Please come back into my life..."
"Hhhnnnnpphhhh"
"we are living the dream..."
"I got this card from my then girlfriend  now fiancee a while ago. Today is an appropriate day to post this. If no one can laugh at this  the terrorists won."
"Flo-Chart Rida: 'Low' mapped out as a flowchart."
"This is my cat Minion... in his Halloween costume"
"My two favorite men"
"A little Halloween fun with my cat"
"most ignorant tweet i've ever read on my timeline.. it's a shame"
"and this is coming from a 14 year old girl..."
"After seeing the IRL Krang from Toddlers and Tiaras  I searched for some more Krang pictures...did not disappoint."
"Whenever I get the ball rolling"
"Showed up in my (FB)"
"How it goes when I try to get a successful post for my cake day..."
"Just put this here and... oh shit um nobody saw that im just scratching my head"
"What did I just read...."
"Dat Ash [Fixed]"
"The map that no UT player will ever forget."
"If you make a map good enough you don't need to keep releasing map packs. 14 years and still going strong..."
"It took 13 years to get this joke"
"Mark. It. ZERO."
"Am I the only one around here who -FUCKING ANYTHING-"
"Yes  that is a worm."
"The Parasitology Series: Loa Loa - The African Eye Worm"
"You should get yourself checked"
"Cooties.."
"For a good time."
"Admit it  we all count like that"
"Finger Monkey"
"Pygmy Monkey!"
"Where do I get one!?"
"Made myself in a gif"
"&quot;This is My Beloved Son  in whom I am well pleased&quot;(Matthew 3.17)"
"Once I have deposited my pay check at the end of the month...."
"Who doesn't?"
"Guys is this self-explanatory?"
"Nice"
"How I Felt When I Found Out That Hell Doesn't Exist"
"How kids feel when temper tantrums work"
"When my girlfriend randomly gives me a blowjob when I'm pissed off at her."
"Whenever I try to be upset at my dog"
"What a dilemma ... I do not know who to kill"
"Talented  but stupid [gif]"
"How Reddit is treating my Cake day"
"How I always feel down voting someones link on their cake day..."
"My exact reaction after finding out my girlfriend isn't pregnant"
"Can I get a push? Please? [pic]"
"I'll just leave this here."
"Cute tiny mouse on a swing"
"Third World Success on Internet"
"Breaking Bad. Now with puppies."
"Yeah puppies bitch! x-post r/pics"
"Breaking Bad  after the meth what to do next?"
"RRegret"
"Summertime"
"As a six-year-old  this was the best book ever"
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"Some Things Never Change"
"Some things never change"
"Gotta learn how to do that!"
"Amazing Siege of Minas Tirith Wallpaper [1920x733]"
"Only in Australia"
"Taking rape to a whole new level."
"The &quot;5 random letters on imgur&quot; game is my new favorite game"
"Repost!!!"
"True mind fuck"
"Cutest baby elephant with ducks"
"Shakespeare knows how to get the bitches"
"Bitches love sonnets"
"Two words and well executed editing can change a story completely."
"Romney-Ryan Leading the Charge!!!"
".....Dam you rugrats"
"Rowan Atkinson can pop a face LIKE A BOSS [GIF]"
"Love this face. The guy who plays Mr. Bean is a genius."
"Found this in my Facebook feed. Had to laugh."
"Great NorthWest"
"My home town"
"Vintage Dorian"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"Science Fair Project"
"The equivalent of a hamster running wheel for a cat is...."
"Cat on slide"
"Trying to get to the front page...with a repost"
"Urban Mountain"
"Found this building while browsing the interwebz  mind=blown"
"Green Mall in Osaka  Japan"
"Legends"
"Go get 'em tiger!"
"Don't screw with tuba players."
"This is the representation of every single post I have made in Reddit."
"I ordered a pizza with the instructions  &quot;do something I can put on reddit&quot;  my result"
"Redditor draws meme on pizza box and claims it was pizza guy  just to get a glimpse of the glory that is reddit karma"
"All my dreams in one picture"
"Moon bridge in Dahu Park  Taipei"
"After going to /r/spacedicks for the first time..."
"Hi."
"Seems legit"
"Will the real Mitt Romney Please STAND UP!"
"My accomplishment for the day."
"This is how I feel when I'm driving home from work."
"Me when I get more than 3 upvotes"
"I saw this GIF and it seemed perfect."
"Whenever 'What Is Love' Is Played On The Radio"
"My greatest fear of losing my virginity."
"Beyond the call of duty"
"So close!"
"She is GOING to take it off this time  I SWEAR!"
"I'm a model. Let me show you my ... CENSORED"
"How I imagine Reposters [FIXED]"
"How I imagine reposters"
"Skeet Skeet Baloo  Skeet Skeet"
"Childhood Ruined"
"The original Pedobear"
"..."
"About right"
"The dark side of subway"
"Shit's 'bout to go down."
"The NOPE Haircut"
"Instant Karma [gif]"
"Shovel Dog's revenge"
"Dog gets his revenge."
"When i saw that it was my cakeday and i got a ton of facebook posts saying happy birthday"
"she was cold and tired..."
"How Magnets Work"
"Public service announcement"
"Friend asked me how you &quot;beat Reddit&quot;. I told her you don't really beat Reddit; got this pic a hour later with the text &quot;I think I win&quot;"
"Just in case you forgot..."
"When I try to be productive on the weekends"
"How I feel posting on r/funny after returning from a TV show's subreddit"
"Trying to be productive at work after a heavy night of drinking"
"I'll just lift this dirt right here... and..."
"look at me daddy."
"A friend is in Africa travelling. He has been there for a few weeks and has posted less than ten pictures  one of them being these giraffes having a fight."
"This is exactly how I feel we look every time my brother (6'4&quot;) and I get into a fight! (x-post r/funny)"
"Redditor brings high powered fan on a safari  blowing down giraffes and blowing up his karma"
"It's hard to cope"
"Sadly"
"Too far to scroll ..."
"Why I hate my long commute during the hot summer months"
"My wife claims she suffers from insomnia  I think I've figured out the real reason she can't get a good night's sleep..."
"Whenever I'm getting picked up!!"
"1 out of 2 ain't bad | thelolbrary"
"Ironman just got more awesome"
"Fuck you  Dan."
"Dan the Downer"
"No hair tie? Don't worry  I got a spare. (slight NSFW)"
"The best way to tie your hair (NSFW)"
"Upvote or Downvote?"
"Everytime we eat.."
"Betrayal"
"I can't wait to see these pictures."
"Highway to help"
"I don't always watch election coverage...."
"This Came on my Newsfeed..."
"Created this as a Meme on thread of anal rapage  it is now popular enough that this popped up on my facebook wall. Still no rape."
"that's true"
"O_O"
"Shadows"
"True Love"
"Has this been done before?"
"when i found out my girlfriend is a redditor"
"how I am celebrating my 1st cakeday"
"Charlie Kelly - Full-On-Rapist"
"You can never tell her."
"I'm wearin' you down baby!"
"Quite possibly the most 90s picture ever taken."
"Whenever I'm alone in my basement and hear a strange noise."
"Here is what our food stamp tax dollars are buying."
"Black Barbie"
"&quot;The Black Barbie&quot;"
"I believe I can fly"
"feed me!"
"Taste-icles (NSFW)"
"not all cookies are created equal..."
"I know we're onto Islam/Muslim now..."
"How to paint a squirrel."
"Nuts"
"Nuts"
"/funny didnt like this  but I'm sure /wtf can appreciate it."
"nice space hopper you the-uerghhh"
"The balls on this guy (fixed) NSFW"
"So freakin' Adorable"
"And so our dreams turned into nightmares"
"Slenderman and Enderman X-Post from /r/minecraft"
"When worlds collide: Slender Man meets the Enderman (x-post from r/Minecraft)"
"Over 8 million rolled  dude..."
"How to play Jenga"
"Jenga Gone Wild?"
"How I feel having my ex-girlfriend's facebook password"
"I work at a gift shop called Middle Earth Gifts where my boss just installed a security camera system. You cannot hide. I see you."
"She fucked you like a bitch dude."
"Hurricanrana"
"Humaniality"
"Zoidberg - Saurus."
"So true."
"When You See It"
"When Ebay meets 4chan."
"Evolution of Batman 1940-2012"
"Why  Yes! I would like a ride... wait...wha?... no....NONONONONO!!!"
"Soon you will be mine"
"Something's a little off.."
"How I feel as a college student"
"How I feel as a college student. [Fixed] How I feel as an adult with a 9-5 job and trying to have a social life."
"Helicopter Penis"
"the original title"
"Mother and Daughter"
"Oh Anna  you naughty thing"
"All 1.5 megabytes of it."
"I came prepared last night"
"Batman is the man"
"Who's the man?"
"When I'm in the mood but my girlfriend isn't"
"I bet he regrets this"
"I don't think that is how you pantomime a microphone"
"Getting a new toothbrush and toothpaste"
"When I'm home alone at night and I hear a noise in another room"
"How I feel when I make a post on reddit that has a typo"
"Nope  guess I was wrong."
"The sexiest woman on earth (in this girls opinion)"
"An early Halloween present for reddit!"
"Was tempted but no cursed punchline!"
"Something fishy..."
"A joke with a fish in it."
"Professer Trout Strikes Again"
"I'm just going to leave this here."
"Amazing image of the sun"
"something's wrong....."
"I think this is fair..."
"Due to the increased level of reposts I felt this old classic should be updated."
"Whenever I upvote a post that's been voted down to 0..."
"That's a Pro Move"
"That's a Pro Move [gif]"
"Reader voices a strong opinion on atheists"
"Calculus FTW."
"Sorry toast  no blow job for you today  it's cereal's turn. NSFW"
"what happens when porn director and actors get high [gif] nsfw"
"This belongs here. (NSFW)"
"How I feel telling people I'm a Redditor"
"After being new to reddit for the last two months  this is how I picture redditors."
"I feel like I am...."
"Searched &quot;wtf&quot; in google for my cake day. Was not disappointed!"
"Typed WTF into google and was not disappointed."
"I feel atheists are very widely misunderstood; this should clear things up."
"(New here  if this is a repost  let me know and ill take it down. People seem really upset about reposts.)"
"Boss's new car. [facebook]"
"It was you!"
"It was you the entire time!"
"OMG it was you!"
"It was you the entire time"
"I googled &quot;free Karma&quot; and I was not disappointed."
"OMG it was you!"
"Poor cat was so mislead."
"Where my ex will most likely end up after leaving me for 3 different dudes."
"Reflecting on life"
"The Lonely Cat"
"Entrancing"
"Good Guy Professor Oak"
"Facebook you VS. Real you"
"Best Photobomb Ever"
"The hand of a zebra"
"This bike ride sums up all of my posts to Reddit"
"When I get hated upon for riding my bicycle within the city"
"If life was a Michael Bay movie."
"Birds"
"My friends custom wallpaper."
"The Internet really does have everything."
"In honor of today's election day I present the most historically accurate portrait of A. Lincoln."
"Saw this World of Warcraft load screen and knew this had to be done"
"Pilots"
"Seems legit."
"Double frontflip on a bmx"
"If God Exists..."
"Woody Allen"
"Super dog!"
"Ball!"
"Super Dog! (x-post from awww)"
"Super dog! (x-post from r/aww)"
"Terrorists take note... Don't fuck with Scottish people when they have a holiday booked"
"Homeless man brought into Emergency Room - NSFL!!!"
"Blow it in her face...."
"Pretty much the only reason I smoke"
"Look at this asshole."
"Haters gonna hate  Aquaman"
"All my religious friends on FB"
"Just terrible..."
"Half-life"
"Baby  you're on my mind."
"I'm not calling you in again son"
"Need help with a title for this gem."
"When I can't understand a post on reddit"
"Really  dafuq is this"
"Religious leaders praying for the safety of the drivers prior to the Singapore Grand Prix [x-post from r/Formula1] - who wants to photoshop an atheist in there?"
"i heard reddit likes cute animals"
"Baby Sonic"
"Currency acquired  now what?"
"After not seeing my cat in 5 months  I skyped with her last night. My mom sent me this after we disconnected:"
"Get rich or die 9 times trying"
"Thug Life"
"This makes absolutely no sense  but this is how I pooped after starting my custom tv project."
"Just finished paying off a bullshit 550 dollar ticket  this is how I pooped."
"How I poop when I make the front page."
"How I poop when I feel like the son of man and god and lion"
"How I poop when I'm about to watch a new episode of Breaking Bad"
"How I poop when the motion sensing lights go out"
"You will never unsee"
"Had surgery and was still able to submit a post on my cake day. I love vicodin!"
"Magical"
"You've seen the strip of the Asian woman going from &quot;hot&quot; to &quot;bent in half old woman &quot; now here's the male version!"
"And I thought my job was stressful..."
"It had to be done."
"Surfing in SF..."
"DAE Think This Dog's Face Is... Unnatural?"
"Who didn't do that?"
"You go girl!"
"How to not pose with your dog"
"How not to pose with your dog"
"Rule xxxiv applied"
"I'll see your &quot;Awesome Pictures of Obama&quot; and raise you &quot;Softer sides of Hitler&quot;....It's funny how judging character based solely on pictures is completely useless......"
"So  you are a Christian? No problem  here's a handy flow-chart helping you make sense of what the Bible says about sex..."
"Heart cat."
"What I love about my parents is that after 41 years of marriage  they still know how to embarrass their kids."
"If you die in Canada"
"My cousin just bought a puppy for his kids"
"Take it easy Granny!"
"I think grandma is ready to party."
"This bulldog thinks you're doing a pretty decent job."
"Sup ladies?"
"How you doing baby *wink*"
"Sup Bitches?"
"buttsex"
"TIL the origin of the Gay Seal."
"The origin of Homophobic seal [link to webcomic in comments]"
"An important announcement. This election day remember to..."
"Nixon's Back!!!!!"
"Gotta love my nerd school"
"Gotta love my nerd school [x-post from r/gaming]"
"Someone dressed the George Griffin statue at Georgia Tech as one of the Assassins from Assassin's Creed (x-post from /r/gaming)"
"(NSFL) &quot;Alien&quot;"
"College"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Here's a girl punching a sheep"
"So you say they're making a Deus Ex movie . . ."
"How all fans of the series felt about the movie (xpost from r/gaming"
"RUN!"
"Isn't nature amazing?"
"Pikadouche (gif)"
"Pikachu is a bully sometimes."
"guess he doesn't like kittens"
"Pikachu used tackle! It was super effective!"
"When reading a post &amp; you're suddenly mindblown and you get all these epic feels"
"When I refresh reddit and I gained karma"
"Well  that almost ended badly."
"Attention is definitely needed handling bombs..."
"Whenever my friends mention R/Spacedicks"
"Phew!"
"To be fair  they do look alike..."
"Portable Audio"
"when I'm offered a drink when I'm hungover"
"Found out I am borderline Diabetic  how I feel when I want Sugar"
"GIF Sound Mashups - Dog/ Cake Staredown"
"Oh god  those lives  their blood..."
"Put that stupid tongue back in your mouth  Jerry."
"That's not what your mom said last night."
"Calm down guys"
"Oh shit!"
"My favorite gif in the universe."
"Making breakfast for myself as a kid"
"Valve likes to fuck with me every so often"
"If you know what I mean"
"Defiantly one of my favorite. BOING!"
"Who knew an ass could be so cute?"
"For anybody who's alone browsing reddit tonight."
"I don't care  this still gives me a laugh"
"For all you Redditors that didn't get any tonight..."
"Well  I'll be damned..."
"HOLY SHIT A PONY?!"
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Beer!"
"i wish this could be real"
"Warhammer"
"When one facepalm isn't enough."
"Talking to a 14 year old"
"How we all reacted when we could NOT login to Reddit"
"NEED this poster!"
"To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead. - Thomas Paine"
"My Virginity"
"And he doesn't even remember it..."
"How embarrassing"
"AWKward..."
"The Moon and Venus."
"Googled &quot;fuckfuckfuckfuck&quot; and got this..."
"why does this hurt my brain?"
"Pregnant unicorn"
"Get Off Your High Horse"
"Put your first in the middle and watch it speed up. (optical illusion)"
"MINDFUCK."
"tap dat ass"
"NSFW booty slap"
"Ridiculously photogenic savior."
"It wasn't his day"
"Cars Swallowed by Grass at CMP Block in Taiwan"
"Goron Freeman"
"[This was deleted from /r/politics] Did this piece in response to Mitt Romney's Bird Big quote"
"&quot;Why is that Giraffe pounding my anus so fiercely?!&quot; Best dialogues in hentai"
"Giants of the Arctic"
"you guys..."
"I hate when someone... (I swear I didn't rig it)"
"Priorities in order"
"...And my bow."
"tiny pig"
"I wouldn't be smiling either..."
"Parents can be cruel sometimes in naming their child"
"Mayor WTF!"
"Shootin' lazers n' shit"
"My little brother sent me this picture."
"Don't fuck with Karma."
"I don't zinc so"
"damn you dihydrogen monoxide  damn you"
"Chemist Cat"
"This image is a repost"
"Whenever I click on a r/WTF link"
"When clicking a link tagged NSFL..."
"Went to /r/purple today..."
"My reaction to r/killingwomen [Fixed]"
"How I felt after clicking a link to /r/gggg"
"After listening to Snoop Lion..."
"Bad Taxidermy Thread"
"Bad Taxidermy (or the things nightmares are made of)"
"Noon."
"Noon. (Posted in r/pics but was told i should move it here.)"
"Police Medic"
"Confused baby flamingo"
"Actual quote for Bill Nye the Science Guy"
"Courage wolf comforts insanity wolf"
"Your face when you hear your girlfriend say something in an OAG meme."
"Don't Mess With Karate Kyle"
"Photo Bomb Level"
"That'd be a great place to take a woman... if I knew one."
"Breathtaking flower-covered walkway"
"I want to go there."
"This photoshop business is starting to become uncanny..."
"Let me hear your war cry!"
"launch ...."
"Halloween costume win! [FIXED]"
"Space Age Technology Meets Space Age Jazz"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day..."
"Happy Father's Day!"
"Spoil Dad this Father's Day..."
"The perfect Father's day gift!"
"It's Fathers Day this Sunday in Australia  why not get your dad what he really needs.."
"Dad's been spoilt =["
"Australia isn't very good at Father's Day."
"Happy Fathers Day!"
"Happy Fathers Day  Dad."
"Spoil dad this Father's Day!"
"For the man who has everything."
"Advertising in Australia"
"Dads going to be so spoilt!"
"Happy fathers day"
"Spoil Dad this Father's Day"
"Get dad something he'll love!"
"Umm not sure Dad would be too pleased with this.."
"Think outside the box this father's day..."
"Spoil dad this fathers day..."
"I know what I'm getting my dad for this fathers day!"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day (down under)"
"I know what i'm getting for Fathers day"
"I know what i'm getting my dad for fathers day!"
"Spoil dad this father's day"
"And I got him DVDs for Father's Day. Rookie mistake..."
"Little boy and a pinata &lt;3"
"Paranormal Blacktivity"
"Unsubscribe"
"How it feels trying to escape Reddit"
"I still haven't found the image I was looking for  I just couldn't help but feel that this one was making fun of me"
"How did you guys forget about this great game based off a movie?"
"Don't touch the girls"
"How I feel at work when I see a flagged link."
"Sexiest Halloween Costume ever - Now with Nose and Beard Combo"
"When I realize I just said something really stupid"
"How I feel after I embarrass myself."
"What I do when my girlfriend asks me an accusatory question she knows the answer to."
"Everytime my boss enter in my office"
"How I feel when...uh...oh  I give up."
"79% of people don't know the opposite words to the following:"
"79% of people don't know opposite words for the following..."
"so you think you can dance"
"Waking up after my beauty sleep  ready to take on the world."
"When I almost fall down in public and save it..."
"I'm confused...(gif)"
"My reaction when I get 20 upvotes."
"My favorite Venn diagram. [Fixed]"
"this popped up in my Newsfeed"
"Do these stripes make my ass look fat?"
"Dat ass.."
"Dat. Ass."
"If I won the lottery ..."
"How I feel at a club trying to impress women [Fixed]"
"Oh god..."
"That makes so much sense now!"
"This might be the creepiest thing I've ever seen..."
"Look at the space between his eyes for thirty seconds  then look at a white space."
"Look at the space between his eyes for thirty seconds  then look at a white space."
"When you see it..."
"Stare 10 seconds in the area right into between his eyes."
"Time to get away for awhile..."
"My friend's kitty knows how to monetize that sweet karma"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Chicken embryo under a microscope"
"This Amazing Image Is A Chicken Embryo at 6x Magnification  Taken Using Stereomicroscopy"
"Shake that!"
"Doctor Who's Cybermen / Daft Punk's Robot Rock"
"i have yet to find a song that this robot does not dance well to"
"Happy Lincoln  Sad Lincoln"
"Bipedalism"
"every girl's dream"
"If this guy was on the US Olympics Team  GAME OVER"
"Mars Curiosity found penis shaped rock on mars [APOD]"
"Rock hard evidence of an ancient stream in Mars"
"Anyone know the true story behind this pic?"
"When my post reaches the front page."
"Pure Joy [gif]"
"Eating caviar in the middle of Zuccotti Park during Occupy Wall Street"
"Caviar at an occupy event? I like your style. [X-post r/pics]"
"Eating Caviar During Occupy Wall Street (X-Post from /r/pics)"
"Hes playing the 99% in his new movie"
"Dammit Frank"
"family guy face swap"
"I search for &quot;best image on the internet -cat&quot; on Google. This was the answer. I do not know if I am pleased."
"4chan on Pokemon"
"This man deserves a salute"
"33 Days to Festivus! Please share your stories of Festivus Miracles!"
"The bomb squad at my university blew up a bag yesterday"
"The police had to detonate a suspicious piece of luggage that was on campus today. Here's an action shot of it."
"Picture Day. What could go wrong?"
"I'm not a big fan of those &quot;Blew my mind&quot; posts  but this truly did..."
"I knew I was small compared to the universe...but damn!"
"Nice size comparison of different things in the universe... then it happens."
"Simply my favorite gif..."
"Why are you an Atheist? God's purpose is clear!"
"I Loled"
"Unusual suggestion"
"Soon."
"Mother Of God..."
"Mother of God - xpost r/pics"
"Now  this is how you make Halloween candy!"
"Why I downvote all posts that say &quot;my girlfriend&quot;[FIXED]"
"I'm about at 5."
"Deadpool knows what's up"
"How I feel when someone says they like the remastered Star Wars."
"In remembrance of september 11th i was searching and found this Pakistani airlines advertisement from the 1979."
"When I go to fix dinner then realize I haven't checked Reddit since coming home from work."
"When I smoke  this every 5 minutes."
"One of my favorite statements from of my favorite men."
"bummer man"
"Best Friends"
"I stared at this way too long [NSFW]"
"The religious rights new take on Jesus..."
"and above all..."
"I caught them sleeping like this."
"I see your awkward/nerdy Reddit meetups and raise you a 4chan one."
"A 4chan meetup."
"There there  Bob Ross."
"I'll just leave this here.... found in my facebook news feed"
"Just a happy little..."
"Seems legit"
"&quot;This is my favorite do.... WTF!!!!!&quot;"
"9 persons max."
"Sandy blows a trampoline into the power lines."
"Go home  trampoline. You are drunk."
"Sandy launches a trampoline"
"So this photo has become a big hit thanks to Hurricane Sandy..."
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk"
"I recently decided to take up extreme sporting"
"whatcha thinking about?"
"The miracle of Mustaches"
"Moustaches make a difference"
"That kills."
"40 killings in a weekend  40 killings in a week..."
"Only in chicago"
"Chicks like pussy too"
"Wicked Dancing"
"The Da Fuq Dance"
"Found this picture in an old Christmas album"
"Pixelated Mario in 3D (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Mexican Power Rangers"
"Oh Chicken Strip..."
"Put food in his bowl  went to the bathroom  and came back to this..."
"This pretty much sums up my life  and probably yours."
"Nice Neck"
"Giraffe 2.0"
"Bill Nye delivers"
"Dance Moves [pic]"
"Didn't know you could use math to dance..."
"Most awesomer disguise ever"
"this could ruin your childhood and the capacity to sleep as well."
"Unca Donald"
"Crazy Dolan - Gooby pls?"
"Donald stares into your soul"
"Seems like a good idea to me."
"Is this legal?"
"This is great!"
"This could possibly be dangerous"
"Ive always wanted to kick a door down too"
"POLICE! Open this door!"
"Job-hunting. This is how it's going. - Imgur"
"Me Trying the imgur Roulette Game"
"MFW When Imgur is undergoing maintenance"
"Would you live here?"
"The Piano House  Anhui  China"
"Rockstar House  literally."
"Portals anyone?"
"The AquaDom"
"Don't leave your Hotel to go Scuba diving!!!..Radisson Blue Hotel Berlin"
"Radisson Blu Hotel  Berlin"
"When someone agrees with me on Reddit"
"When someone on Reddit agrees with me"
"Whenever I see someone use this as a reaction gif  the only title I can see is &quot;When I jerk off two guys at once and feel good about it&quot;..."
"When my post to a smaller subreddit makes it to the top of my front page"
"My favorite gif."
"I've made a huge mistake."
"A spider finished for the night"
"&quot;THE RAINBOW SUNSET&quot;"
"Averthorn has a problem what do you guys think"
"When I was a boy..."
"I'm a crepe."
"You're dough fucking special  I wish I was special."
"'Cause I'm a crepe"
"An Oldie But a Goodie"
"Searched Django Reinhardt and this popped up."
"How I picture people who watch soap operas."
"How my friend and I with the same birthday feel about being 21 in 2 hours."
"Someone at my local theatre likes the Internet"
"because fuck nature."
"Yes. You finally can haz the God-damn cheezburger."
"NOM..NOM..NOM"
"Finally  someone gave that goddamn cat a cheeseburger."
"I finally has cheeseburger"
"I promise there is a kitty in plain sight."
"Found this on a site with pictures meant to restore my faith in humanity"
"Is this a blessing or a catastrophe?"
"FUUUUUUU"
"Now introducing  Awkward Barbie"
"Always wanted a girl like this  to do that."
"I didn't know this about you Barbie..."
"She was a hit with the boys."
"Self Esteem"
"Best C&amp;H I've seen in awhile."
"But its free.."
"Please tell me this is not rule34 related."
"Eating pussy ...you're doing it wrong! (SFW)"
"Pure Fucking Awesome."
"That gray motherfucker is such a douche bag"
"Cyanide and Happiness"
"Sometimes the oddest couples are the cutest ones."
"How to use an elevator"
"Chest Mustache"
"mustache shaped chest hair"
"Shuttle launch as seen by skydivers"
"Shuttle launch as seen by skydivers (xpost from r/pics)"
"Skydiving at sunset with a little something extra in the distance"
"Not Your Typical Skydive"
"Bird's-Eye View of Missile Launch"
"Fun for the whole family"
"Seeing someone elses gf on r/gonewild"
"I bet Christians would love to spray this all over r/atheism...."
"Hater haters gonna hate."
"8 things we would not know without Wikileaks. (infographic)"
"Omm Nomm Nomm Nomm"
"Brainzzzz..."
"USB toaster"
"I look forward to a world where toasters can crossdress without fearing for their own safety."
"Worst fleshlight ever?"
"Most WTF headline ever. As seen in today's Evening Standard."
"When I'm at work and realize I forgot to put deodorant on this morning"
"Squidward's playboy lifestyle behind the scenes exposed NSFW"
"Nice hair... wait what?"
"My friend Ali's creation of the morning."
"I have never laughed so hard at something so terrifying. Ever."
"How I imagine Christians feel browsing r/atheism"
"Toot"
"I woke up today knowing what I accomplish today will amount to nothing compared to others.....well until I saw this meme I changed my mind"
"Red fox at Squaw creek"
"amerrica!"
"Only at Wal-Mart"
"Now you can tell by the way I do my walk I'm a Womans man  no time to talk."
"Now you can tell by the way I do my walk I'm a Womans man  no time to talk. [EVOLVED]"
"Leslie Gets Low"
"Who here remembers this day?"
"Amazing picture of Norway ocean road"
"How my date with a Texan girl went yesterday"
"Every time I submit to reddit"
"Cakeday and not a single idea for submission..."
"MFW when I read hurtful comments directed at me"
"Svartifoss  Iceland"
"Svartifoss  Iceland"
"Having a bad day?"
"Having a bad day?"
"bad day?"
"Kill it with fire"
"me. every morning"
"LATE NIGHT OF REDDITING YOU KNOWS WHAT I IS TALKINGS ABOUT!"
"You went a little too far there grandma.."
"Do you have any fantasies?"
"POW! [gif]"
"My friend found this at a gas station in GA  thought it was worth sharing."
"This is a joke  right?"
"hmph  must be an election year"
"Cassowary and Girl. [nsfw]"
"A Picture of a Potato."
"A photogenic young couple..."
"I don't even"
"In the unisex bathroom at work"
"(X-post from r/funny) Thought you guys might enjoy this..posted in a unisex bathroom at a university."
"It's 2012 for God's sake  it's time for some equality"
"Drop It"
"Shut the fuck up."
"I always wondered what a Hermet crab looked like under the hood."
"you can have fun anywhere."
"Aspergers"
"Take a bite.."
"Herman Cain: One evil motherfucker"
"Dat smile."
"Well  he is"
"When I was 9  this became my nightmare fuel"
"I see your Halloween 'wins'  but I still await a two person costume of this!"
"The mysterious beauty of colour [gallery]"
"Emma Watson's half-naked"
"Emma Watson... at her finest..."
"Emma Watson"
"Here she is. Happy Christmas reddit!"
"Omnomnomnomnomnom Batman!"
"It Was.........Delicous....."
"The Majority Opinion of r/MyLittlePony"
"For my cakeday  I present to you my personal collection of gifs (60 of em.)"
"Batman meets My Little Pony"
"Truly best friend!"
"Truly my best friend!"
"Bear hugs are overrated"
"I'll see your fat little bunny and raise you.. a cute little panda."
"The littlest baby Panda I've ever seen."
"Fuck you  I do what I want!"
"Found this funnier than I should have"
"SPRINKLES !! I love sprinkles"
"For me?!"
"Is.. is that a CUPCAKE?!"
"birdwalk"
"One in a Billion"
"What we don't get to see (NSFW)"
"How I imagine Redditors"
"A couple dudes at the fair? Here are just a couple people hanging out..."
"Geeky TV-shows"
"Dreams can be surprising."
"Barney has to eat too..."
"Susan B. Anthony knew..."
"Fuck the police"
"No Ball Playing Allowed"
"Alright! Who's job is it to proofread these damn things?"
"A big scoop by the people at CBC News!"
"how domestic of him..."
"Cheater!"
"REPORT: LANCE ARMSTRONG USED RUGS 50% OFF"
"It's a sad  sad day for sports..."
"Shocking Lance Armstrong report"
"how domestic of him..."
"Lance Armstrong had a keen sense of interior decorating"
"Lance Armstrong admits to using rugs"
"Lance Armstrong admits to interior design addiction."
"Why is everyone mad at Lance Armstrong? He just wanted to spice up his decor!"
"The secret to Lance's success revealed!"
"I'm ready for the zombie apocalypse"
"The tree thinks its a ballerina"
"Photoshop? Nope  just Russia."
"Spread it on!!"
"Oh James."
"We Got Bored at Work"
"This happens far too often"
"Awesome hotel"
"Blade runner"
"Classy"
"You don't scare me! Work on it!"
"*Knock Knock* Who's there motherfucker?"
"*Knock Knock* Who's there motherfucker?"
"It's pure evil"
"I like to imagine that this is what's REALLY beneath the little guy..."
"Do you keep one in your home?"
"Mohammed sees himself in the mirror."
"Disturbing  but effective ad."
"I see why they added the moustach"
"billy never really fit in with the others"
"Astronomy Picture of the Day - Water on Mars"
"Water has been found on mars! Its Beautiful."
"Butterfingers"
"Since we're talking childhood games"
"Hurry before he wakes up!"
"Hurry before Jesus wakes up!"
"walking after my foot fell asleep"
"Don't step on a crack  it'll break your mommas back"
"Bouncy Baby [gif]"
"Bioluminescent Phytoplankton on Vaadhoo Island in the Maldives."
"I was on a very bad mood when suddenly this popped on my FB  made my day."
"Derp"
"My cat is finally smiling"
"my friend's cat smiling"
"This is what happens to my cat when my friend comes over."
"This is what happens to my cat when my friend comes over. (x-post from /r/aww)"
"Valentine's Day  the 4chan way."
"SS soldiers playing with kitten (exact date &amp; location unknown) [700x505]"
"Dear makers of Super Meat Boy; What the fuck."
"The award for most stressful level in a game goes too..(fixed)"
"Ummmm..... Wut"
"Good morning Reddit."
"terrifying"
"Ugly pulli  check. Rapist glasses  check. &quot;Reading&quot; material  ..."
"Reality vs Fantasy this movember"
"When 19 year-olds casually tell me they're getting married."
"Fretful chihuahua"
"Keeping this open on my second monitor where I normally browse Reddit is keeping me motivated to keep working..."
"My reaction when someone doesn't tip me on a delivery"
"I Googled 'Disapproving look'. I was not disappointed"
"My face when I'm staring at the clock 5 minutes before I can leave work.[FIXED]"
"Strawbeary."
"Todays Cyanide and Happiness for those who havent seen it - hilariously relevant."
"Today's Cyanide and Happiness"
"A Horse Hugging a Beautiful Woman"
"So that's what Darkwing Duck was up to..."
"Duckforce - Through the Fire and the Flames"
"Close encounters of dark wing duck kind"
"Chemical encounters of the dark wing kind."
"DarkwingForce"
"So my friend found something interesting while in China..."
"Miss Me Yet?"
"How I felt getting my flu shot today..."
"BRING ON THE PAIN!!!"
"Bring on the PAIN!"
"I have a two year old daughter..... I completely agree....."
"how i imagine everyone reposting stuff about the NFL right now"
"FDR highway now a river"
"FDR highway in east NYC now a river"
"He must have heard there was opportunity in NYC"
"Yeah  that's why I don't have a girlfriend"
"That's totally why..."
"Come at me bro!"
"Just go for it."
"Internship explained"
"Men..."
"When you see it"
"My strawberry milkshake brings all the boys to the yard"
"Thug Life"
"Gangsta as Fuck"
"Gangsta as F*ck"
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Booze - Daniel Radcliffe joins the after party of the All Ireland Minor GAA Champions"
"Dublin minor (U-18) football team wins All-Ireland  go out celebrating  meet Daniel Radcliffe and bring him back to the after party at one of their apartments. More pics in the comments."
"So Daniel Radcliffe visits Ireland  what does he do? go drinking with the All-Ireland minor champions of course at a house party. More pictures in the comments."
"Arguing with a friend about our house when he lives four states away"
"What Reddit is turning into."
"what reddit is turing into[FIXED]"
"The real message when a girl posts something to r/gonewild"
"Women of Reddit"
"When someone suggests I start eating healthier"
"Bane Reddit"
"Bane Reddit"
"Her parents must be so proud.."
"Count Kermit"
"Destroyed by your own creation..."
"The destruction of the DeathStar was an inside job."
"can't..breathe.."
"Indeed  Siri. You are correct."
"Actually  Siri doesn't have the best jokes"
"Why so racist  Siri?"
"Siri  you little minx. - Imgur"
"Siri  wake me up at six forty...fuck"
"50 Cent got shot..."
"Time has made us fucking wimps..."
"Grabbing the remote from my wife after she's asleep(Repost)"
"That moment of anticipation"
"How I feel when a lot of people upvote my comment..."
"When my post makes it to the front page"
"Team building in china."
"Chinese Soldiers Do A Daisy Chain"
"Awesome 3D pacman street art"
"Amazing Pacman Chalk Art"
"Internet tough guy"
"Come at me bro!"
"This is a repost so..."
"Who the man?"
"Sad Leonardo DiCaprio didn't get an award"
"So a dog walks into a bar..."
"Fosters: Canine for Beer"
"Ping pong is the answer to all conflict"
"A little comic that r/atheism would like"
"spray paint motorcycle animation"
"German Wehrmacht General Anton Dostler is tied to a stake before his execution by a firing squad in a stockade in Aversa  Italy  on December 1  1945. The General  Commander of the 75th Army Corps  was sentenced to death by an United States Military Commission in Rome."
"What it feels like when I'm on Facebook"
"Okay fine  you go"
"It just gets funnier the longer you watch"
"Twisting hands"
"Twisting hands [gif]"
"the decent into madness"
"Friend posted this on FB... Thought it deserved better"
"So My Friend Found This In His Textbook Today..."
"Whenever I get downvoted..."
"...Proceed . . ."
"This is my kegstand shirt"
"These cougar cubs know they are cute"
"Anytime I see a post that ends in &quot;LOL&quot;"
"Epic Llama"
"Funniest gif EVER"
"Closing your browser after porn and seeing all of the popup ads"
"When I found out my cousin's post hit 1 000 points"
"When I see that someone has downvoted my cat on my cake day"
"Nailed It!"
"Happy birthday Mojo!"
"Which dog is the real one?"
"seems legit..."
"Burlesque dancer Zorita walks her pet snake in the late 30s."
"Chuck Norris wrong number"
"Errps!"
"Wrong number"
"Pump up the jam!"
"A picture of Mitt Romney in his twenties."
"the only christian bale we need"
"Color palette"
"So this hurts girls too?"
"Now no one can penetrate my manhole!"
"Came home to watch my son walking for the first time"
"Turkey vagina [semi NSFW]"
"The carved skull was cool  but I prefer the crystal geode skull."
"Crystal Skull"
"A New Way To Exercise!"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Genius!"
"Fire Tornado in Australia"
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"That a/c vent bothers me. (xpost from /r/leagueoflegends)"
"boobies!!"
"Tan lines"
"Ok Mr. Treadmill  you talked me out of it. Thanks."
"Ok Mr. Treadmill  you talked me out of it. Thanks"
"Go home treadmill... you're drunk!"
"Darth Vader on Pink Floyd"
"This should not exist"
"This is really disturbing"
"Damn you sun."
"The family that mullets together..."
"Weightlifting plus gymnastics"
"Does Anyone Else Miss These?"
"I made something for you  r/atheism. Something I've thought about for a while."
"This must be one of those new Slip n Face-plant n Slides I've been hearing about."
"Googled Slip n Slide and this came up."
"Inception Ruined..."
"there is no other combo"
"Who needs a stroller?"
"Dat Ass."
"Yep."
"Hold Me Back!"
"My reaction to nearly all of the comments from yesterday's &quot;things that all guys do&quot; thread."
"Cowasaki - Imgur"
"Beyonce"
"But Their Clothes Are So Kampfy!"
"How I feel talking about myself in a job interview"
"fuck flowers."
"OHMAHGODMAN"
":o"
"I see what you did there..."
"What is that invisible thing in their hands?"
"My worst nightmare.."
"OMG A Branch"
"Happens at least once every damn day... SAP"
"The perfect woman."
"What do you think reddit?"
"According to the internet"
"Found my old gameboy"
"Shower effort"
"I'm not stallin' anymore"
"puprito (puppy burito)"
"I present the puprito (puppy burito)"
"Puprito"
"How to do BUSINESS!"
"Destruction in Paradise"
"The Fountain of Youth?"
"President Elmo on the phone with the Pentagon today"
"Launch the missiles."
"When playing Punchout  Every time Mac trains  I lol... Friends never know why."
"Just a few of ferrets"
"So I heard you liked babies..."
"Start 'em young  I guess"
"Baby's First Baby"
"So  we heard you like babies..."
"So  we heard you like babies... (xpost)"
"Best to start them young"
"Took me a minute."
"pretty cool"
"can't tell who's photobombing who.."
"Oh god  the eyes!"
"Super cool vintage image... oh yeah and a robot!"
"So you think you're a funny guy? Laugh at this!"
"Sex Ed"
"Donald Duck is a PIMP"
"I heard you like Chia pets"
"Ki...Ki...Ki...KillMe!!!!"
"The only reason I ever go drinking"
"The Hodge Twins"
"My birthday's on Friday  and I just got an email saying my one Friday class is cancelled."
"Always gets me..."
"He's going to wish it was linoleum."
"Every time I walk into a room someone just farted in."
"Sliding across hardwood floors while wearing socks"
"WTF SIMPSONS HOW"
"Ducklings with mom"
"Professional genius hackermaster's facebook statuses"
"Professional genius hackermaster's facebook statuses [x-post from cringe]"
"Doesn't matter"
"Too much?"
"The real angry bird"
"I had a feeling that was how it worked"
"Deadpool and Boba Fett taking it to the next level!"
"Sometimes they are WAY too long"
"Jedi master"
"Jabba The Jedi"
"A New Twist on an Old Classic"
"The force is strong with this one..."
"Francis is sexy and he knows it"
"It had to be done."
"The force is strong in this one"
"Crazy Jedi"
"How to rave."
"Sabre Francis"
"Nice &amp; Cozy"
"after writing a 5 page paper all day  only to find out that my printer doesn't work"
"Thirsty? Have a glass of hiphop."
"How I see myself when I make the front page of r/aww."
"The hero reddit deserves"
"When i see my ex pregnant with her new Boyfriend of 3 months."
"Game I'd like to see ported to Android tablet and iPad."
"Dr. Seuss for adults."
"Horton feels a feel"
"Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012"
"Freedom Explained"
"Why can't religious people grasp this concept?"
"So simple a caveman can do it!"
"That's why I'm excited for Torchlight II."
"Someone please explain this...."
"kick....kick....kick"
"TIL that the Vatican doesn't really need to change the decor to get ready for Halloween"
"My Karma doubled today  this is how I feel."
"Opening an expert lock on Skyrim in one try."
"Ready yourself for the riveting tales of..."
"This looks like a job for..."
"tRiPpY"
"My reaction to &quot;When you see it&quot; posts"
"When a friend who doesn't use Reddit shows me a picture that I'd already seen on here."
"When my bf gets off work and starts browsing Reddit."
"drunken fry"
"Everyone does it."
"Jesus hand farts"
"Soooo Metal..."
"Bill being Bill"
"Prison Break"
"Prison Break"
"Jon Stewart and Steven Colbert watching the debate."
"When I only get one upvote..."
"thanks to the endless scroll  i'll never get off here."
"Beatboxing 101"
"Damn  I wish I could be this cool."
"iv always wondered what people like this did when it got cold..."
"MAKE IT HAPPEN! [X-Post from r/Halo]"
"Exorciiiise"
"The power of christ compels you"
"Gets me every time..."
"STAHP"
"This rustles my Jimmies so god damn hard."
"Berts reaction to Romney's plan to cut PBS's funding."
"first  please go easy"
"I have so many uses of this perfect troll face"
"How my allergies greeted me this morning"
"How it felt when I found out today is my cake day"
"Cracked me up"
"No words."
"So hard precious....."
"The Imgur team got together for a group photo. It turned out pretty great  don’t you think?"
"&quot;To love is not to look at one another  it is to look  together  in the same direction&quot;"
"Laziness Level - Fat Person"
"The winning picture"
"The winners"
"Victory"
"Just a baby hippo"
"Too hot? Swimming with Portals"
"Rockhopper Penguins taking a freshwater shower in the Falkland Islands."
"I would play the shit out of this game"
"I would honestly buy this over Battlefield 3."
"Chandler Likes Bacon so much he dances!"
"Just saw an ad for Google+ on TV..."
"Do as the sign says!"
"Ease off the ass"
"An Amazing Sentence in English!"
"An Amazing Sentence in English!"
"Back To The Future - Attention to detail!"
"My buddy in the Marines wrote me to make this.."
"wished a girl i like happy birthday"
"Poor Brian"
"How I feel after getting a haircut for the first time in months."
"When Teemo's blindness wears off"
"Scumbag Zazu"
"Scumbag Zazu"
"It's right but seems like an understatement"
"Katy Perry Bounce"
"I just lost a whopping 200 pounds! Although I'm not very happy about it."
"So  I tied my Iphone to a kite."
"Some Of The Best TV Captions"
"Whenever I'm driving at all"
"How I am with my computer..."
"When I found out my &quot;friend&quot; removed me from facebook"
"When my only connect tells me he's dry"
"How I felt when I missed my cakeday"
"That philosophical moment when you regain faith in humanity"
"How I feel when I have a bad post."
"When I found out I didn't get karma for my front page AskReddit"
"Mitt Romney on major networks calling it for Obama."
"How it feels to not have anything for my cakeday"
"MRW I see a full time job  but I can only work part time due to school"
"When I realized I missed my cakeday. By two weeks."
"When realise you own all the best games but are terrible at all of them"
"So I Found Out Why My Battery Was Dying Fast."
"Psychological Torture"
"MFW I was born"
"MFW I was born"
"WTF O_O"
"meanwhile  on Chat Roulette..."
"The Perfect Card"
"Proper Grammar"
"Why I don't have any friends"
"If an INTJ was honest with his friends. (xpost from r/funny)"
"If it fits  I shits"
"Well  this is a shitty circumstance..."
"Not even once"
"There's only one thing left to say when watching &quot;Raising Arizona&quot; makes you sad to be single..."
"his body and blood"
"That's exactly how jesus died?!?"
"The last supper. Zombie style"
"Where it all began."
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"Neil DeGrasse Tyson on blue moons and presidential elections  everyone."
"As if Jonathan Vilma didn't have enough problems with suing the NFL  now he gets this bombshell dropped on him"
"'C' is for waiting."
"Me waiting for my karma to hit 200."
"Did anyone else notice that it can be used as toilet paper....I'll buy one now"
"I knew those magazines are trouble"
"Never Forget: The OG Douchy IT Guy"
"Any love for sacred geometry?"
"Bitch better have my honey"
"Meth kicks ass!"
"Trust Honest Abe"
"Found a bit of FB gold"
"You think I can talk my fiance into getting one?"
"Who HASN'T done this?? Am I right  ladies??"
"anyone happen to know the source of this painting?"
"We've all been there"
"We all know this is true."
"I appreciate these fairies more now."
"No  no  no... Do THIS  with this. [FTFY]"
"How about doing THIS with THIS? Front page here I come."
"Racing to the Front Page. Totally not a repost of sdc_sketchez post! Get it? Blue shell? Racing?"
"warning: repost"
"Auto-bots  ROLL OUT!"
"So Humans versus Zombies is going on at my college..."
"Virginity protection=infinite"
"My friend doesnt mess around when it comes to humans vs. zombies"
"&quot;OMG you know you're going to hell right?!&quot;"
"When someone tells me I've had too much to drink....."
"When people say &quot;THIS IS MY FAVORITE GIF&quot;"
"How I feel when a family member says &quot;I pray for you.&quot;"
"How I feel about Omegle posts."
"&quot;But this has been posted a hundred times already!&quot;"
"How I Feel About &quot;How I Feel About...&quot; Posts"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"The abyss"
"Your Eye"
"Door-to-Door Atheism"
"Fire wants a fight."
"First thought after seeing this picture..."
"Creative Hair."
"Every time my wife sees a spider..."
"It's Called Teamwork  Trevor."
"Was he trying to say &quot;God is in your mind&quot;? I guess you can interpret that however you'd like."
"Heavymind  indeed. Well played  Michelangelo."
"Woah  Michelangelo...Woah. [pic]"
"Marshmallows!"
"No Hope. No Cash. No Jobs."
"Would you be my friend? my friend until the very end?"
"Sunset at Cannon Beach  WA [604x377]"
"sunset from inside a tunneling wave"
"Cats are Liquids."
"Because Science.."
"Was walking to work when..."
"Religion Is Like A Penis"
"Religion is like a penis"
"Religion is like a penis"
"Religion is like a penis"
"Religion is like a penis"
"Indecent Exposure"
"....Where's Daddy?"
"How religion works in a nutshell (in my opinion)."
"Religion"
"Diagram illustrating the stowage of African slaves on a British slave ship."
"Head turners"
"This is how the Pros play the game."
"DisAstros strike again"
"Benny Hill would be proud"
"Baseball: America's Game"
"Just Saw This: &quot;Giggity&quot;"
"his precious angel smile"
"NO!  I do not want to hold your baby!"
"My wife wants to get this for our baby. I think I married the right woman."
"My wife wants to get this for our baby. I think I married the right woman. (x-post from r/funny)"
"Life imitates art"
"How I feel the morning after my paycheck gets direct deposited."
"How it feels getting a job and having $300 in my checking account after being unemployed for 5 months"
"[SLPT] Tired of being poor? Be rich  instead  ya big dummy!"
"Manhattan bridge under construction."
"As a female  I wish this were true."
"When interesting thread titles link to a huge Wikipedia page (usually in TIL)"
"I made a mistake in my computer class and had to restart it."
"What Panda Express did to my stomach last night"
"Fly Creationism"
"Fly Creationism."
"Stupidity? There's hope for change"
"This bit of gold popped up on my Facebook"
"oh Grandpa..."
"Oh  Gramps."
"I found a pencil in my ramen"
"Here are some tips for guys who have to walk home alone at night."
"I was replaying Super Paper Mario and i found this."
"Dummy bully"
"I think this subreddit exists for images like this..."
"The next big thing in 2013"
"Nice funeral"
"Penguins adrift on an iceberg during a heavy snowstorm in Antarctica (NatGeo)"
"Poor Batman..."
"Plitvice National Park"
"For some reason this frightens me."
"So I got hit in the head while taking pictures at a volleyball game the other day"
"( O__o)"
"Watcha Doin?"
"mind = blown"
"With hope  excellent control and game mechanics like this will stay with GTAV"
"Hey Jude!"
"BATMAN!!"
"It's a wild Bunnycat!"
"Rabbit Conversion"
"Cat on the outside  bunny on the inside"
"Global Violence at it's best."
"When you see it...."
"This is how I like to roll on the subway (NSFW)"
"Hipster"
"Hipster (x WTF)"
"playin"
"Fos ro damn! NSFW"
"Once in a lifetime"
"Once in a lifetime (x-post from r/pics)"
"Good bye childhood"
"oh Michael..."
"I laughed way too hard at this."
"Better go with the Family Plan. xpost r/funny"
"I hope never to see one of these in my life!"
"welcome to my nightmares"
"Not a single fuck given (X-post from r/perfecttiming"
"Picture of a girl being hit in the face with a ball mid contact  what can you do with this? (X-Post from /r/perfecttiming"
"this will surely scare the shit out of some unsuspecting roommates..."
"Can NOT wait to try this."
"President Obama yelling at a fat kid to eat more cake"
"When I turned on a NES I found at a garage sale"
"Whenever I beat my girlfriend at ANY videogame (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Favorite gif"
"When someone reposts my link and gets less upvotes"
"VICTORY."
"When i beat the chocobo race in FFX on my first try after watching my friend fail at it for hours..."
"the bear necessities of life"
"Foul Bachelor Vision"
"Creationism fail"
"my close lesbian friend left to go to 'lunch' with her girlfriend yesterday  my reaction was as follows.."
"Whenever I read the comments in /gonewild  I think of this guy."
"Ghetto Macintosh"
"The new MacBook from Africa"
"Seems legit"
"So apparently this is what us Africans are reduced to considering the price of a Mac."
"What I think about every time there's a new Apple product"
"Mad Apple fans..."
"Legit"
"Macbook a la Ghana style."
"How To Sell Your ad Space"
"Oh Walter."
"Trying to go somewhere at a [9]"
"Albino black people"
"Albino black people (X/post from r/pics)"
"White people."
"Pimpin' 1941"
"How I feel when I submit a link to Reddit"
"Kind of makes me want to try meth..."
"How Do They Do It?"
"You nearly sold me there  Woolworths"
"I've got nothing for this.."
"Old advertisement geared toward skinny women [x-post from r/pics]"
"Oh  how times have changed..."
"Anything related to the NFL"
"Make sure you don't...do whatever that is."
"I wonder what this sign means"
"China  y u so fucked up?"
"Spangles  the Cross-Eyed Cat"
"By far my favorite pirate kitty out there. MEEOOARGHH!"
"Oh shit! Are you okay Mr. Truck?"
"Worst Day At Work Ever. (nsfl)"
"A lesson in how the world works: the only building in downtown NY with power is owned by Goldman Sachs"
"The fact that the NYU hospital is dark but Goldman Sachs is well-lit is everything that's wrong with this country. @kenshadford"
"Oh  That Dog of Mine."
"I came home from work and found this HUGE camel spider in my driveway."
"Camel Spider"
"Long live the king"
"avatar 2"
"That's enough..."
"How I feel trying to make it to the front page."
"Oh... Fuck you  human!"
"I guess a pussy joke is in order?"
"Meanwhile  on Sesame Street..."
"I think I'll have a seat over here."
"That drop!"
"Black Rhinoceros skull"
"He was a mischievous rhino."
"Lights out in the city that never sleeps (x-post from r/sandy)"
"#1 WTF Comic Champion since 2001"
"Photoshop  am I doing it right?"
"wait for it"
"My research has shown that Louie C.K is right."
"Snoop Dogg  Mordecai  and Rigby dancing to my favorite pokemon theme."
"And zero fucks were given that day..."
"Pimpin' ain't easy."
"Dolphin off the coast of Ireland"
"But dad  I'm ashamed."
"Well  this ruined cupcakes for me."
"What I thought was cooler than a walkman"
"Hit Clips...anyone else remember this shit?"
"Who all had one of these?"
"Remember these?"
"Alex Honnold takes on the third zigzag of Half Dome without a rope. Photo by Jimmy Chin [990x742]"
"Creed Bratton on homosexuality"
"I saw how people were bringing up Ron Swanson and then Charlie Day  but may I remind everyone of Creed Bratton."
"Christian logic"
"My nigga       let me call you back!!!!!"
"cut a hole in a box"
"Life after death"
"Glutton for punishment."
"Glutton for punishment."
"come at me bro"
"Louis C.K. on first world problems"
"Word."
"Microsoft. Word."
"When I try to wrap reasons my boss hasn't fired a guy who has only come to work once in the past several months"
"Cakeday and I didn't realize it until 9:30"
"When girls attention whore by saying the are ugly."
"Just realized I missed my 1st cake day"
"My cat is very &quot;special.&quot;"
"Wilford Brimley cat."
"Wilford Brimley Cat"
"Wilford Brimley"
"Diabeetus"
"BOOM!!"
"Today is my cake day  this is how I think people feel about me wanting karma"
"Funniest image I've seen in a while. Bonus: Sad Henrik"
"There  there  everything will be ok (x-post from r/hockey)"
"Santa... [x-post from /r/hockey]"
"Get's harder to break it to them the older they get"
"Saw this on Facebook - FUCK COPS!"
"Kitty Cat Sleepover"
"Music stars: now and then"
"Request: Can someone please add the text &quot;FUCK IT&quot; to this gif please?"
"Made this to troll a friend on facebook  figured I'd leave it."
"fifty shades of grey (FIXED)"
"Teen gone couch"
"Found this on facebook... he won't be regretting this in a few years...."
"Here is a collection of 'multimals' I have amassed. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do."
"going to r/toosoon after a tragedy..."
"I quit WoW 8 months ago. This is how i react to them talking to me about the game."
"Just a couple jackasses."
"We're so cool"
"Find the cat. No wonder they are such a successful species."
"Best camouflage ever!"
"White People"
"Can this be anymore awkward?"
"After intramural basketball games  every time..."
"Wait...how did I miss this the first time?? Martin Luther King Jr. portrait made from handwriting out his iconic &quot;I have a dream speech&quot;"
"How I feel upvoting something on r/WTF"
"Shawshank Omelette"
"Perhaps one of the greatest pictures I have ever seen"
"the next time someone tells you that you need a trailer to haul that ..."
"This will work.....5 min later"
"Harlem shakin it"
"He strikes again..."
"I love this so much."
"HOLY FUCK NSFL"
"Sun rage"
"I did it for science!"
"A Pileus Iridescent Cloud Over Ethiopia"
"A Pileus Iridescent Cloud Over Ethiopia"
"WHAT?!??"
"The difference a little blurring can make."
"I hate how when asian porn is pixelated"
"Cannot Unsee..."
"How Americans view Sweden [FIXED]"
"How Sweden views Sweden"
"How Americans view Switzerland"
"How Sweden actually looks [FIXED]"
"So what do Swedes view?"
"If it fits  I sits"
"Ninja Bear Cubs"
"Let's have an auction!"
"Hilary Swank Running (from /r/celebs)"
"Brought to you by /r/photoshopbattles"
"Fun with the moon"
"Creativity!"
"Magic beard!"
"Perfect red line in a Hungarian forest marking the high point of a toxic aluminum sludge spill"
"Perfect purple line in a Hungarian forest marking the high point of a giant grape juice spill"
"Divine!"
"After no-fap september"
"Worst multiple choice ever."
"Meowsion Impossible"
"Surface Tension"
"Walking on water"
"I think it's time to pull over."
"Nice Hair"
"Aliens"
"Got ma hair did"
"Poodle Pompadour"
"Saw this on Facebook"
"how i feel inside when a stranger sits down next to me"
"When my ex told me he wanted to get back together..."
"CHArk"
"How to meet the girl/guy of your dreams"
"In case you ever wondered how."
"Loading a Naval Gun [GIF]"
"How i feel living in North Carolina."
"As a former Marine and OEF veteran  this is how i feel on r/politics"
"The perfect BLT."
"LPT: The Perfect BLT"
"Head towards the light"
"Zion National Park  Utah"
"Every morning"
"Team Great Britain."
"Pee Rape? [gif]"
"Nice try  Batman."
"Instagram reality"
"Instagram"
"My 11 year old Border Collie/Aussie still goin' strong....and a cat for the karma"
"Seems legit."
"Seems legit"
"Seems legit..."
"Seems legit..."
"OTTER DAY! It's my cake day and I want to make it known as Otter Day! (aka an excuse to spam cute otter pictures) KITTIES OF THE SEA!"
"How I felt when I found out Obama was coming to my college for the second time in two years"
"You expected a normal day at work today  didn't you?"
"Rajeev is not amused"
"So true.."
"Whenever I try to impress someone"
"God knows."
"God knows."
"Whenever I post original content."
"When someone asks for upvotes"
"On the bright side..."
"No one can argue with his logic."
"Turk's Son"
"I have been trying unsuccessfully to have this argument with my wife just so I can say this."
"When this shows up on your facebook newsfeed  it absolutely ruins your day."
"This was on my newsfeed. And I thought the human centipede was disturbing..."
"I would give it to a kid... but that's because I hate kids."
"Honey Boo-Boo Child says some pretty dumb stuff."
"Honey Boo Boo On Liberal Capitalism"
"When windows update restarts my computer while I'm using it."
"Attack of the computers!"
"Humans vs Monitors. Not always the winner is so obvious..."
"My favorite skit from the show."
"Sea water flooding the Ground Zero construction site"
"Sea water flooding Ground Zero  New York - shocking picture (source: AP)"
"Ground Zero during Hurricane Sandy"
"Yeah! You gnaw that wood!"
"Now is the winter of our discontent [FIXED]"
"Every time I am driving with my Dad on board..."
"Most epic tattoo ever?"
"fuck you 3D tattoo you are drunk"
"Could'nt think of a better title"
"Bad-Ass Shark Tattoo"
"Incredible X-ray of a stingray"
"X-Ray of a Stingray"
"A beautiful x-ray of a stingray."
"X-Ray of a Stingray [PIC]"
"The new face swap...the hair swap."
"Not entirely sure what to make of this."
"Muahahahaha!"
"Oh  Google images... you continue to amaze."
"&quot;The things I find on Google!&quot; ♫"
"Sax drive?"
"Makes me laugh every single time... LOTR"
"A different take on Lord of the Rings"
"Without this little guy  I'm pretty sure I'd still be illiterate..."
"Bill Nye taught me science as a kid. But I fell in love with classic literature because of this little guy."
"My first thought to seeing all the &quot;Cats Shot with Arrows&quot; posts [FIXED]"
"Hey guys  let's just cut in between these two c-ABLAFASDLKA"
"YEAH I'M THE CHAMP...WHARGGARBLL"
"Ghoti = Fish... Seems legit."
"Fish"
"Welcome to the English language  asshole."
"And here's what's happening in my neck of the woods..."
"Stilts"
"When i talk to my non-reddit friends about cats"
"I hope for ANYTHING in life that could possibly bring me a FRACTION of this level of unmitigated joy..."
"I FUCKING LOVE PASSPORTS. babies know best."
"Shouldn't have done that last shot"
"Ahhh...leave me alone!"
"As a student  this is my reaction when my debit card works."
"How I feel when a girls says yes to a date."
"R-Money - Binders Fulla Women"
"At least he has a music career to fall back on."
"American Cheese"
"Dairy is doing you wonders"
"Four more years."
"Four more years  we did it."
"&quot;Four more years.&quot;"
"Sweet Victory!"
"Four more years."
"Four more years."
"Four more years."
"Four More Years"
"The most popular tweet of all time was made by Obama tonight."
"The heart  the emotion. Congratulations Mr. President on 4 more years!"
"Four more years"
"Guy spares himself."
"I definitely smell an &quot;asshole jesus&quot; caption in here somewhere..."
"Damnit. Jesus does it again"
"Take that  Jesus"
"Jesus take the... Needle?"
"Walked out to my car last summer to find this.."
"Oceans are deep [Edit]"
"The Good Guys"
"Wat."
"Saw Eddie Murphy on the freeway"
"Saw this driving down the road"
"It's like heroine to people."
"It's like heroin to people."
"Woman gets covered in Pooh  while the Police and a dog are watching."
"That's a lot of Pooh"
"Someone might wanna clean that up"
"Woman gets covered in Pooh while the Police and a dog are watching."
"Imugr is down"
"My reaction when I came home and saw 3 of my posts made it to the front page"
"when Imgur is &quot;over capacity&quot;"
"Chatroulette is down for maintenence!"
"when I walk in on my room mate"
"How I felt when I moved into my new apartment only to discover I had a cute neighbour."
"Bear Necessities"
"christmas is coming..."
"Colorado and Washington right now"
"Oh god no"
"Oh god  No"
"WTF hair"
"Deep sea teeth cleaning"
"Probably a dick..."
"Saw a rainbow today while eating skittles."
"How to Dance to Dubstep"
"Family..."
"Family... [gif]"
"African American doctors attempting to save a Klu Klux Klan member."
"This picture amazes me  these people amaze me."
"My friends Fb cover photo"
"My Noble Steed"
"A candle on earth VS in micro-gravity on the International Space Station"
"I've been getting this screen whenever I plug in my mobile charger. I've had this charger for over a year. What's the deal?"
"That's gonna hurt in the morning"
"Feck'd it! German Diver Stephan Feck Completes Worst Dive Ever in Olympic Competition"
"Nailed It!"
"You see....what had happened..."
"WHAT KIND OF MONSTER IS THAT!?!?"
"Bitch please..."
"No snuggling! Don't touch me!"
"adorable snow ferret."
"The adorable Least Weasel in its all-white winter coat"
"Bear waves to photographer"
"Don't leave a bro-bear hanging!"
"Long time no see  buddy!"
"The chiropractor Gotham deserves..."
"The chiropractor Gotham deserves..."
"Seeing him live in my hometown next week. So beyond excited."
"Sloth chilling in a hammock. I wish my day would go like this."
"Thought you guys would appreciate this.[x-post from /gifsound]"
"Searched my name on imgur satisfied..."
"My favorite gif of all time."
"Deal With It"
"Father?"
"Buried yesterday  but I'm convinced &quot;It's Always Sunny&quot; offers the best insight into the current situation in the NFL."
"Life summed up in one gif"
"Sigh  I wish this wasn't so true for me"
"Life sumd up in a gif"
"Airline screwed up  a friend just posted this on Facebook."
"Guy falls asleep on plane and is last to get off  makes up cooler story to score some sky high karma"
"Flight attendant takes picture of empty cabin before passengers board  and claims to be the only passenger on the airplane."
"Redditor hijacks plane  holds pilot at knife point and forces passengers into the cargo to quench his thirst for that decadent  airborne karma"
"The airline screwed up"
"This is Nicki Minaj. Wat."
"How it feels to chew 5 Gum"
"Elderly ninja."
"Opposite day [pic]"
"The Tortoise and the Hare"
"You are to assume the role of a Chinese immigrant in 1870... [PIC]"
"Extra Credit..."
"My reaction to all the posts regarding finals when I still have two weeks of classes left."
"How I feel when my friends keep getting tons of karma..."
"I argue against circumcision all the time. After today's ban in Germany..."
"How I felt when I got banned from r/gonewild for causing too much &quot;drama&quot;"
"To all of my facebook friends"
"Bobcat kitten and 3-day old fawn take shelter together after the Jesusita Fire in Santa Barbara  CA."
"yeee muffins"
"Yeeeeeeeeeee. Muffffffinnnnsss. (good enough to repost)"
"Yeaa muffins.."
"Aww yee"
"A trees root system merges with a brick walkway"
"Nature Adapting - Imgur"
"YouTube strikes again..."
"Caught between calling this &quot;Stephen 'Swag' Hawking&quot; and &quot;They see me rollin' &quot; (2)"
"What the hell?"
"Every time I go in to take an exam in college"
"My first day on Reddit"
"First day on Reddit"
"I have new roommates this semester who I don't know. I haven't even had a real conversation with any of them yet. This is how I feel coming home."
"When I invite 5 people to a party and 50 people show up."
"On the prowl. All of my wants."
"Chinese hand dance"
"Echoes + Samsara [gifsound] !!"
"Just so happened to fit"
"Harder  Better  Faster  Hand Dance"
"Harder  Better  Faster  Hand Dance"
"Hand's up"
"Epic Meal Time has nothing on this guy.."
"I googled &quot;weirdest picture ever&quot;. This came up"
"Dad  why?"
"Reddit  our chair has arrived."
"The perfect chair for reddit"
"found your chair."
"I believe this faceswap belongs here."
"Spaceport [2400x1350]"
"Palace of Badassery"
"The Grim needs grooming too"
"Just a girl and a dog"
"How I feel as a Religous  Republican cop on Reddit"
"Natural Habitat"
"What if we had facebook during WWII... (9gag.com)"
"The United States of Good Beer."
"Ooh the feels!"
"I genuinely don't know what to say"
"First time visiting 4chan (or /b/  not sure). This is what I found.."
"The Tom Haverford"
"Good night."
"The Mighty Asian Banana Man!"
"Without a question  the least-relatable gif ever created (looking at you  Unrelated_Gif)."
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"Meanwhile  In Japan..."
"Bananas anyone?"
"First post on reddit I thought I'd share one of my favorite .gifs"
"So THAT is where bananas come from...."
"Oh Japan"
"I searched &quot;banana man&quot; on google  I didn't know what I was expecting"
"He shoots bananas out his nose"
"Bananas?"
"Apparently this is how Bananas are made"
"If you make a map good enough you don't need to keep releasing map packs. 11 years and still going strong..."
"No words...just... no words."
"Free delivery"
"the crime of the century"
"The World Is Out To Get You"
"Kid vs The World"
"I can show you the wooooorld! [x-post r/gifs]"
"Honey Boo Boo  you come eat this dinner  right now!!"
"Heath Ledger as the Joker doing a kickflip over Christian Bale as Batman."
"The Dark Knight's coolest picture?"
"This is an image of Heath Ledger (dressed as the Joker) doing a skateboard trick over Christian Bale (dressed as Batman) on the set of the Dark Knight. That is all."
"The single greatest picture in the history of the internet."
"Why so serious?"
"This always happens after my first UPVOTE"
"He only wanted a high-five"
"Oh snap"
"How do I stop my kid from becoming an atheist?"
"What is the best way to stop your child from becoming an atheist?"
"There is something so overwhelmingly incredible about this picture."
"-C'mon Aki  it's time to go home! -Give me a minute  just trying to update my profile pic!"
"Some self-portrait are better than others"
"Amazing self-portrait from the ISS"
"Astronaut self-shot"
"Orbiting Astronaut Self-Portrait"
"Space Selfie"
"Probably the coolest self portrait ever. By astronaut Aki Hoshide."
"Ultimate Duck face"
"The duck face to beat them all"
"Whenever I see a &quot;Like if your from Reddit&quot; Youtube comment."
"How people feel about your child's Halloween costumes"
"When people tell me who they voted for expecting that I change my vote..."
"Science."
"How I felt being called out on an accidental repost."
"How I felt today after being fired from a job after 1 week of working there because the other workers lied to the manager about me."
"This is my cake day  the only day on Reddit when I feel I can truly express my feelings about cats..."
"How I feel when I submit a link that starts receiving negative karma..."
"How I feel after I prove an argument winning point"
"TIL a young Stalin might have fit right in in Brooklyn."
"Damn. It seems like Stalin was a looker in his youth!"
"Young Joseph Stalin"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Stalin"
"Joseph Stalin in his 20s"
"I was born in a tube.."
"I was born in a tube..(x-post from r/wtf)"
"5 different ways to trick your brain"
"Five different ways that you can 'trick' your brain and alter your sensory perceptions!"
"He went to Jared!"
"He Went to Jared..."
"Threw it on the ground"
"Overly Manly Dad.."
"Over manly man on Sandy"
"When I come across a cliff while playing Assassin's Creed 3"
"Some kid just said this during a Big Team Battle on Halo 4."
"For some reason  this post in /r/adviceanimals did it for me. Doesn't matter who or what &quot;they&quot; are."
"Fists"
"FISTS"
"overly manlyman on the Wii"
"I now respect this man."
"How it feels being pregnant."
"Overly manly man on kids."
"MC Escher Masterwork"
"Never thought of it that way..."
"Liberty and Justice."
"Bitches and Birthdays"
"We all have dreams"
"Maybe someday"
"Missed my cake day but still..."
"It was so sad when the original bassist died."
"Where did you two meet?"
"Sunset at Ibiza by Trey Ratcliff"
"that's a damn good question.."
"Who wants a pair of these bad boys for their 4th of July BBQ?"
"Bring them back! Still makes me smile."
"NASA gets an AMAZING image of a CME"
"This sums up how I feel about most things."
"Dictator School changes a man..."
"To all the oldest sodas in America posts today"
"how I feel about my reddit cake day"
"When a friend reaches the front page"
"How the election will turn out"
"Well this explains it all"
"This explains it all"
"Best friends"
"My friend  who I consider quite the games connoisseur  just told me he has never played Zelda on an N64."
"I always wander why I never eat ice-cream. Then suddenly..."
"On the other hand..."
"Fish with a baboon head"
"I found your fishmonkey  creationists."
"What the heck is this??"
"Every time I mosey on over to r/politics..."
"How I feel when my dad flips over to The O'Reilly Factor."
"This is my response after just hearing about Hurricane Sandy yesterday."
"Stupid Tigger"
"Tigger"
"Hurricane Sandy..."
"underwater taxis in nj"
"Hurrican Sandy: Taxi Terminal in Hoboken  NJ"
"Never been easier to find an empty cab in NYC!"
"A Taxi cab lot in N.J after Hurricane sandy"
"He is special."
"Sea of Yellow"
"Chaos ensues"
"Damn Giraffes..."
"Before they were cult leader's wives."
"Jesus saves"
"I thought it belongs here ..."
"Get well soon..."
"Get well soon!!"
"Get well soon!"
"Get Well"
"Get Well Soon  DEER!"
"Get well soon."
"Get Well Soon! (FB)"
"Get well"
"Mind = blown"
"uhhh. wtf?"
"How to eat yourself"
"Wakey Wakey"
".___."
"So terrible... but it's hilarious"
"Chicken! Goood! (lolblackpeople)"
"When my posts upvotes are more than downvotes."
"Slap me up"
"This about sums up how I feel on my first cake day"
"Tis' my Cakeday"
"for my first cakeday"
"The &quot;Golden Rule&quot;"
"how atheists should deal with &quot;afterlife questions&quot;"
"FUCK YOU REDDIT I'M FUCKING FUNNY"
"How I feel when somebody new to Reddit hits the front page  and my links get downvoted."
"How i feel browsing r/all and seeing gw posts during no fap september"
"Only 4 days into No Fap September..."
"All I wanted to do during the exam I definitely failed this morning"
"I had a peeling..."
"How my cat probably sees himself"
"Looked up &quot;Reddit in a nutshell&quot; spot on google  spot on"
"I see your king of the internet and raise you. Ladys and Gentlemen  I give you the ruler of the internet"
"Ya  good luck with that."
"Ya  good luck with that."
"And these people want to form their own government?"
"Texas secede from the union? WIN!"
"3/10"
"How did you do that? Magic motherf***er..."
"How I try to convince my girlfriend to have sex with me when she is not in the mood."
"What is this from?"
"Magic Sausage"
"ytdyehyte"
"Oh 'Merica"
"'Merica!!"
"'Merica  FUCK YEAH! Coming again  to save the mother fucking day yeah!!!"
"'MERICA! FUCK YEAH!!!"
"The first real birthday I've had in 4 years  so I wanted to share my favorite gif with you  reddit!"
"After years  still my favourite .gif"
"Listen to the HEYEYAAAEYA song and put this on."
"Space Captain Kitty"
"Absolute favorite gif on the internet"
"I regret nothing"
"Star Trek cat seems overwhelmed"
"Around and around"
"Around the World"
"Star Cat"
"Star Cat"
"Best .gif ever..."
"So... Now what?"
"Hey man  want some chocolate milk? [NSFW]"
"You want WTF? You got it."
"How r/wtf makes chocolate milk"
"This gives me goosebumps every time."
"A raccoon holding a kitten"
"Anyone lose a cat?"
"i haz a pet too"
"Look! I brought you some Karma"
"Ohi"
"He saved my baby!"
"Was Imgur Rouletting and I found this little gem..."
"Hold on buddy!"
"Did you lose a cat? [X-post from r/funny]"
"Did you lose a cat? - Imgur"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"...What"
"When I saw that cake beside my name today"
"Jungle Book  much?"
"meanwhile in Thailand..."
"You're all wrong  this is how it started."
"I just finished a Calc II test. This is an accurate depiction of what happened in my brain."
"Shrooms + Cosmos ="
"Just watched Tucker &amp; Dale vs. Evil thanks to a reddit suggestion"
"Dawnguard (Skyrim) is here  SWGEmu is rocking (Star Wars Galaxies)  and Team Fortress 2 has pyromainia."
"Magical"
"Realizing its my 3rd cake day and i have only submitted one link prior to this one."
"Mind = BLOWN"
"Finally partitioned my Mac's hard drive. Hopped on Steam to check out the Windows selection--"
"Yeah  sure  &quot;Unintentional&quot;"
"How was the sexual orientation of George Takei ever a question?"
"Whats really at the end of the rainbow."
"We all know where the rainbow REALLY ends."
"The end of the rainbow"
"This Hallowe'en  I feel like I'm wearing nothing at all...nothing at all...nothing at all..."
"i wish i had this when i was younger"
"I would like one please"
"Water swings!"
"Self explanatory"
"Sean Hannity's idea of water boarding."
"I wish I had this when I was younger"
"This picture is worth a thousand words  all of which are WTF"
"...ahhh  the internets"
"Seriously WTF?!"
"Skull-Head Monkeys Riding Laser Ass Powered Flying Zebras and more (kinda NSFW)"
"I honestly have no idea what is happening here... (slightly NSFW)"
"I believe this belongs here."
"Found it on Facebook"
"Skull-head monkeys riding laser ass powered flying zebras."
"I'll just leave this here."
"Untitled"
"Uh where do I even begin?"
"puppy onesie-ing"
"A cow photo-bombing a horse stuck in a fence..."
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Unexpected Photobomb"
"Cow photo bombing a horse stuck in a fence"
"Don't be a horse's ass  cow."
"Not sure how to title it. Headline says it all"
"I'm gonna get all the bitches with my new dance moves!"
"In Blues Club"
"O.O"
"Ocelot"
"Just the cutest..."
"Oh shit oh shit oh shit!"
"pat pat"
"A short story..."
"I don't know where this pic was taken  but I can guarantee it was somewhere in the U.S.!"
"....AAAAAAAAAND we've reached a new low....."
"Irish Philosophy"
"Irish Philosophy"
"Irish Philosophy (X-Post from r/funny)"
"How I feel about buffering. [Fixed]"
"How I Feel When Youtube Is Taking Forever"
"Baby Octopus [1600 X 1200]"
"r/aww likes baby animals right? What do you think of baby octopods?"
"This sub has too many mammals"
"Baby octopi."
"As a reminder  it has been 108 days since Shitty_Watercolour has promised us a rectal explosion watercolour."
"As a reminder  it has been 108 days since Shitty_Watercolour has promised us a rectal explosion watercolour."
"Arrrrrrrf..."
"breaking story from Fox News - Arkansas has been renamed Missouri  and Alabama and Mississippi switched places overnight."
"Every ****ing day..."
"My faggot dog doing this faggot look every time I come home"
"I laughed and don't care if it offends you!"
"I saved this on my computer a long time ago  and every time I am having a bad day I'll look at it and laugh. Thought I'd share and hopefully make someones bad day a little better."
"This will always be my favourite picture on the Internet."
"STOP IT STUPID DOG !!!"
"Why am I laughing at this?"
"Why am I laughing at this?"
"STOP ACTING LIKE THIS !!!"
"In honor of my cakeday I present a picture that never fails to make me laugh"
"Little faggot!"
"One of the funniest pictures I've ever seen"
"Makes me laugh every time."
"Time to bring back this dog..."
"oh  you know  just hanging out in a field."
"I was told this will be appreciated here"
"Metal"
"Super stoked otter dancing"
"Otterly Sexy."
"The Otta Dance? No  no  that's the salmon dance."
"listening to barry white when my friend randomly sends me this.. perfect timing"
"Groovy otter"
"When a girlfriend says she wants a threesome with her hot best friend."
"Yeah... I don't think so."
"How im going to feel like later today."
"Tom Hanks taped his Emmy to his car and drove around with it. Straight up boss."
"Just Tom Hanks taping his Emmy to his car.. Nothing unusual.."
"Another Halo 4 one"
"Party- Halo style!"
"Serene Skyrim"
"Peaceful"
"if you park like this fuck you"
"How to Photoshop"
"helpful kitten"
"If cats were useful.."
"Perspective"
"There where once two towers"
"Remember &lt;3"
"My friend's gift in memory of 9/11"
"9/11 Skyline"
"Lil' bunny doing some much-need shopping."
"Lil' bunny doing some much-needed shopping."
"If you don't eat your vegetables  this is what happens"
"I wanna go shopping with this critter."
"Browsing r/new..."
"How I feel now that my entire family is wrapped up in a pyramid scheme:"
"Me when my Internet goes down and I can't get on Reddit"
"after 4 days without power"
"How I feel about Karma on my cake day"
"Me at 11 AM when I try to fix my sleep schedule"
"How I feel after making out with my girlfriend for an hour."
"Shoulda used chrome."
"I'm having browser trouble."
"Unexpected problems"
"If Reddit is talking about foxes I present you"
"If Reddit is talking about foxes I present you (x-post/funny)"
"jumping on the fox karma train"
"A red head  flying in coach  next to a questionably sober Nicolas Cage."
"Just ordered this tea kettle online"
"Lion &amp; The Butterfly - David Lazar"
"Being the only black kid in my class  this is everyone's face when my teacher drops the &quot;N-bomb&quot; in my history class."
"When I realized my cakeday is today and I didn't prepare anything."
"My exact reaction to WTF for the past couple days..."
"When I realize I forgot about an exam"
"Baby Platypuses....."
"SQUEEEE!!!!!"
"lazy as fuck glasses [FIXED]"
"Eye Drops have never been so epic..."
"Eye Drops (xpost from r/wtf)"
"When I realized I had missed my cakeday"
"First time getting 'Error 37' in Diablo III..."
"Thought I found a karma treasure chest  got beat to posting it by 2 mins"
"How I feel with the US heatwave going on without air-conditioning..."
"How I feel when I get up from sitting and hit my head..."
"How I feel on Mondays."
"How I felt realizing I missed my cakeday."
"My attitude anywhere after the first five weeks of classes"
"After finally asking the girl I like to homecoming  she says two days before it  &quot;You know we're going as friends  right?&quot;"
"How I feel on fridays"
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"How I feel every week this year trying to pick games in company NFL pool"
"Whenever I found out Disney is making a Star Wars VII"
"When I realized I missed my cake day by 4 days"
"Just finished Season 4..."
"A real man's breakfast."
"Every time I get an upvote on a post I've made."
"I found the full version of this &quot;didn't read&quot; gif"
".. and then I felt like chicken [7]!"
"Classical."
"Everybody want my chicken"
"Cham.pain (n.)"
"Honey Boo Boo"
"im sorry to all human kind"
"That dark day when those four redditors found out IMGUR was down for maintenance."
"Four redditors at a donkey show."
"'Murica"
"Two brothers in Burma  new age versus tradition."
"Mexican Food"
"Animal cruelty is so wrong. Except when it's right."
"'Murica."
"I stood here for a while this morning; nothing happened."
"Sadly  The Promise Went Unfulfilled"
"sweet francypants castle on an island"
"Mont Saint-Michel high tide/low tide"
"I see your stingray Photobomb and raise you!"
"I'm so British"
"There's a what behind me? [GIF]"
"SOON."
"How I feel browsing /r/new"
"What I feel like when I'm passing people in holiday traffic"
"When people comment on why they downvoted my post"
"When I get a bunch of downvotes and one upvote"
"A quick summary of voting in r/new"
"Mewtwo isn't the bad guy."
"Maybe he's not so bad after all..."
"Cruisin'"
"Like a boss"
"Picture I took from a plane."
"When I pass a test I didn't study for..."
"River and the Atlantic in the Faroes"
"I just signed up for a free month of NetFlix streaming service. I was able to watch about 1/2 of a documentary and now I get this every time I load NetFlix.com Has this happened to anyone else?"
"This is how a(n) FAQ is supposed to look."
"Thanks for the help  Windows..."
"Has anyone EVER clicked this checkbox on Craigslist? Is it some kind of inside joke?"
"Wait WHAT? It actually fixed something?!"
"Okay"
"Super Effective!"
"Don't play with fire."
"When I think I'm in control of a situation."
"I look forward to seeing more of this man's work."
"My update of No Fap September."
"Awkward Family Photo Contest Winner..."
"This family must be...close"
"That awkward moment when a family gets naked in your studio."
"Oh hey  look what today is..."
"I moved less than a month ago - today is my birthday so this is me right about now"
"I just moved on my birthday  have no friends  family  or trees. This is pretty much me right now."
"Its my birthday and my first in a foreign country where i moved a few months ago..This is how I feel.."
"Shark swimming in the streets of Brigantine  NJ. (from FB)"
"Found a shark on my porch.."
"Honey...There is a shark swimming on the lawn"
"hey there fishy fishy"
"Hurricane Sandy brings a shark to New Jersey suburbs"
"Friend of a friend lives in Brigantine  NJ. Yep  it's a shark."
"Showed up in my news feed after Sandy (yes that is a shark)"
"Well hello there!"
"My moms friend from New Jersey had a shark swimming in front of her house"
"Well that is just perfect  first a hurricane and now..."
"So this happened..."
"8 am classes"
"Fun Fact:"
"The long climb"
"Push it to the limit!"
"How I feel as a Washingtonian right now!"
"Chewbacca riding a giant squirrel fighting Nazi's in the mountains (pic)"
"Fear the great squirrel rider!!"
"Just Chewbacca riding a squirrel while fighting Nazis"
"Just Chewbacca sitting on a squirrel and fight against Nazis"
"FUCK YEAH"
"Chewbacca riding a squirrel  holding a crossbow fighting Nazi's. Your argument is invalid (sorry if repost)"
"Get that shit out of here!"
"Whenever someone uses The Bible as a reliable source..."
"What its like when I click something funny on Reddit and exit out thinking I clicked on something from 4chan."
"Denied!"
"Posting something i think is gold to reddit."
"How I feel when I think I'm going to the frontpage on Reddit."
"Old  but still provides me a few chuckles."
"Chocolate Milk"
"If you died and your parents went through your computer..."
"No  seriously  ANY gif"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!"
"Gnarly dude!"
"I take your Starry Night and I raise you…BACON Starry Night!"
"Starry night.. Made of bacon.."
"My reaction to every post about what a guy got his girlfriend for V-Day."
"The most obvious thing about tonight's Workaholics."
"As a female surfing SRSwomen for the first time."
"Silly Teabagger: College Edition"
"Ow my brain.."
"Samwise Gamgee has his priorities straight"
"Mo Naked Hoes (SFW)"
"I never understood the hype about cake day... until I reached my own. I don't want to seem cliché... but... for my cake day I present to you my favourite gif"
"Emma Watson makes from page?"
"Wait  what?"
"my reaction when i notice a submission linking to gawker.com"
"When my down votes outnumber my up votes..."
"How I feel when I get rejected."
"Ken Jeong kills Justin Bieber"
"Whenever I go to r/spacedicks"
"Whenever I silently pass gas in a crowded room."
"How I feel downvoting on r/trees"
"Kitty Six Pack"
"Saw this when I did an Google Image search. Thought reddit might enjoy it."
"Hoping for a speedy recovery"
"Get well soon!"
"My friend saw this on the side of the road"
"I really hope he gets well soon."
"I don't think he'll be getting well"
"Channel 4's viewer's views on the Paralympics"
"Channel 4's Paralympic coverage hits a new low"
"Britain at it's finest"
"I have the weirdest boner right now"
"Well  that's the spirit."
"This guy's a real neckbeard..."
"How I feel when I see a person from High School"
"When everyone on Reddit starts yelling at me"
"In regards to the post about getting rid of a US State  while being from Texas."
"When I click a scary link"
"The town where most* wears a gas mask [FIXED]"
"A man in Jersey came oustide after the storm and seen this swimming in the front yard."
"A shark swimming in someones front yard in Brigantine Beach  NJ"
"Friend put this on FB  is it real?"
"Not today  buddy!"
"A personal favorite."
"Haha it's punny"
"Crackalackin.."
"When a girl asks me to go down on her.."
"Where this fox is trying to go?"
"Where this fox is trying to go? [x-post from r/gifs]"
"I must go  my people need me..."
"I must go now  my people need me! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"behold  Jeremy's animal guide"
"Snow-diving fox."
"The fox found the hole to wonderland"
"How i feel about all these new memes"
"Adorable kitten hugging the blues away"
"how I feel when I get an upvote."
"Try and watch this without saying &quot;awww...&quot;"
"Kitty has teddy"
"HUGGLES!!!"
"Kittens snuggling bears is probably the cutest thing ever"
"Kitty loves teddybearsnuggling"
"Cutest thing I ever did see"
"Kitty has teddy"
"&quot;What're you looking at?&quot;"
"Cats. Cute fuckin cats all around (in imgur comments)"
"I don't even like cats  but..."
"Kitty love"
"It's my cake day and i can't come up with any content  so i'll give you one of my favorite gifs."
"FALCON PUNCH!"
"FALCON PUNCH !!!!"
"You don't have to outrun the wolves  just your slowest friend..."
"Every Time I Submit Something"
"Aww  don't be sad!"
"Haters gone hate [Dali]"
"Salvador Dali walking an Anteater. As you do..."
"so I found this on Google today..."
"Searched &quot;terrifying cat&quot; on google"
"I felt like this was very suitable for Reddit"
"the dude is slick"
"How I imagine r/creepshots"
"With Halloween approaching  the best Flickr account ever is back for another season"
"Haunted House scares the bejeezus out of people while stealth snapping photos of their reactions!"
"Haunted House scares the bejeezus out of people while stealth snapping photos of their reactions!"
"Screaming mom and daughter from house of horrors (x-post from r/funny)"
"I have no words"
"EEK! (this showed up in r/photoshopbattles  and I thought r/southpark would love it... nice work Coolwubla)"
"Hidden camera in haunted house takes priceless pictures of people in fear"
"I can't stop laughing at that face!"
"Looks like a happy family"
"I'm pretty sure we all know who's great grandfather this is."
"Mario Cat"
"I wish I could get my Karma Machine to do this."
"The NEW keyboard cat!"
"Conker the cat"
"Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche [pic]"
"My dad sees my computer screen and asks me to order one.... how awkward...."
"Buy one for each arm and become a GOD."
"Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche [pic]"
"When girls bitch to me about their period."
"When my little brother tries to act tough"
"You guys could use this..."
"MFW someone makes fun of me and I can't think of a comeback"
"Amazing trollface"
"Well  you may as well use them for something"
"They call her the broom holder."
"Can you hold this Real Quick  Thanks"
"Is this a medical condition  or..."
"A Different way of talking a self pic."
"Found this on accident. Sorry if repost but I've never seen it and laughed my ass off."
"Ragtime cat."
"Someone got a little excited after scoring a goal."
"Licorne Nuclear test 1970 (GIF) - Imgur"
"My summer"
"It's not the beard on the outside that counts"
"Randomly found while browsing for bathroom renovating tips"
"Truer words are rarely spoken"
"Simply amazing"
"MTV"
"Fox in the Snow"
"Can you help me identify this South Park character?"
"take it ez hans  take it ez..."
"Elephant completely submerged in water propping up its human driver"
"Get the London look"
"Get The London Look"
"Oh God  I love this subreddit."
"Folgers was wrong"
"Watcha doin'...?"
"12 year olds these days"
"I want to ride my bike"
"Fuck Da Police"
"How I feel about the new two fingered tap to upvote in the Alien Blue client."
"How I feel after learning the J-A trick in RES"
"My passive/aggressive way of apologizing to my Redditor boyfriend"
"When I create a thread asking for help and people respond."
"Browsing reddit on my cake day"
"When I found out &quot;A&quot; was upvote and &quot;J&quot; was next post"
"Anytime I see &quot;This will get buried  so...&quot;"
"Get off electric lines  trampoline. You are not a bird."
"Dog runs into kid."
"Me when I fail a test and the teacher says it in the front of all the class"
"Sabotaged!"
"How Twilight should have ended... [pic]"
"Wayne's World: The Prequel"
"Random Imgur challenge. Party Time Excellent \m/"
"No way!...Way!"
"Map of the World's Undersea Cables"
"The internet's undersea world"
"Badass bird"
"Every time some tells me about their day"
"How I feel about almost EVERYTHING on Sunday mornings."
"No Fucks Given.."
"What I feel like during any vacation"
"zero fucks given"
"How I feel when my family tells me to get a job"
"As a recent college graduate  this is exactly how I feel"
"Oh  get a job  Mom?"
"As a teenager  this is how a feel whenever my dad yells at me to get a job."
"The only reason I ever had to replace my n64 controllers[FIXED]"
"Why Brian Wilson is one of my favorite baseball players"
"How the world will REALLY end..."
"My new favorite .gif"
"Downvotes can be very destructive"
"We Are Screwed... [animated gif][Shotgun Shuffle]"
"We Are Screwed... [gif][Shotgun Shuffle]"
"If this is a real thing  I want it in my house"
"When my friend says a pun"
"yeah ok."
"Daily Life"
"There is no need to be upset."
"Relax Bro"
"Favorite gif of all time."
"Just in case I don't get a chance to use this tonight. I'm breaking this out now."
"As a non-programmer browsing i7t12"
"Make-up... Please tell me it's make-up"
"How I feel about Issac coming straight at me"
"I understand."
"Searched hurricane sandy got this..."
"Oh turtle"
"Every time I get a little confidence."
"Tortoise  you're drunk..."
"This turned out exactly as I expected."
"Every weekend since I started browsing reddit"
"This gif actually makes me kind of sad."
"This makes me so sad"
"Cats do have souls!"
"1st time posting but this is how i feel when a actress that hasnt done a nude scene finally does one"
"All my friends got Halo 4  they've been sending me messages all night about getting it."
"yea this is dog and i am on my was"
"Bacon you say?"
"Whenever I show up just a few minutes after a place closes"
"How I feel not having any friends to tell about my cakeday."
"I will never know happiness as profound as this."
"I think I see it"
"Lobster anyone?"
"Not Enough Lobster on /aww"
"How I feel getting out of the back of a 2 door car as a 6'4&quot; man"
"Stahp it human [xpost from r/gifs]"
"Stahp it human [xpost from r/funny]"
"You know I'm a hero..."
"For my IRL cake day  I submit my favorite comic page that describes how I feel most times when I get asked this question."
"How I feel after work"
"I need a cyberdeck..."
"Amazing pixel art"
"You did NOT just fucking do what I think you just did? [NSFL]"
"The look of disgust on the Gorilla's face is priceless (fixed link)"
"The Judgmental Gorilla"
"what the fuck are you doing..."
"Disappointment and disgust."
"Me looking at my little brother."
"How was work today? Shitty."
"So it's my cake day today..."
"Just feeding a lion"
"Whenever I look into a new hobby."
"Get Well Soon"
"Saw this little guy on the way to work today!"
"Get Well Soon Deer"
"That's enough /b/ for me today..."
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"I've reached the end of the internet."
"Goats are like mushrooms..."
"What is this I don't even"
"It all makes sense now..."
"Goats"
"I can't stop laughing [repost]"
"I don't understand."
"Found this internet gem while Googlin' a friend..."
"I should use google more often"
"No Running!!"
"how i feel when i try and get off Reddit"
"I can't be the only one..."
"I really wonder!"
"Rape subject recently"
"Mike Wazowski!"
"Spoon"
"Spoon..."
"Noon..."
"SPOON."
"SpOON."
"This is what I remind myself of whenever I diet."
"Not with an attitude like that  you can't."
"Your cake day  you say?"
"When I noticed the little cake symbol today..."
"They see me rollin'.... (x-post from r/formula1)"
"Out of fucking nowhere."
"first effort"
"Incominggg... [gif]"
"Incominggg... (x-post r/pics)"
"My dog didn't know what to think..."
"Quick  take the shot before -- (sigh) damnit."
"Animal photobombing"
"Photo Bomb Level:Seal"
"Photo bomb pro..."
"Das a good mo-fukin' chicken wang!"
"Chris Brown's new tattoo"
"Chris Brown gets Rihanna's beaten face tattooed on his neck!"
"I'm surprised Reddit hasn't jumped on this yet - Chris Brown's new 'beaten woman' tattoo"
"Say what you want about Chris Brown's neck tattoo  but I think it suits him.."
"Chris Brown's new tattoo of Rihanna's face. A new level of scumbaggery."
"Chris Brown's new tattoo of a woman's scared face. Can't tell if poor taste or just douchebag."
"Chris Brown gets a tattoo of a woman's brutally battered face. No  really."
"Super Classy Chris Brown gets neck tattoo of a bruised and battered woman's face"
"Chris Brown gets tattoo of brutally beaten woman [Rihanna] on his neck."
"i would do the same Link"
"Smallest penis on earth... meet largest. [FIXED]"
"How /r/politics feels right now"
"The Queen finishing a sprint"
"I refuse to believe this wasn't intentional"
"Charlie Chaplin knows the awkwardness"
"Shia LaBeouf. Pink. Unicorn. Uhm ?"
"What I heard/saw when my roommate was trying to convince me god exists."
"MFW creationists ask me &quot;if god isn't real  how do we exist?&quot;"
"Those poor cats..."
"Family photo level: reddit"
"Golden/Husky Mix  I dare you to show me a cuter puppy."
"When Christians Try To Justify Bashing Homosexuality With The Bible..."
"When people think it's important to write &quot;farewell messages&quot; to online communities."
"Snooki had a"
"Reddit's reaction to anything related to Morgan Freeman [fixed]"
"My reaction as an IT tech when a student says i MUST drop everything i'm doing so i can fix the printer for their VERY important homework"
"My reaction to the NFL as a Spaniard"
"How I feel in response to all these infomercial gifs."
"Oh Fuck that was close. Only thing left to do is to take a picture"
"How to prevent cheating. level"
"What all the scientists in Black Mesa look like thanks to Reddit."
"I will one day learn this move"
"Litlanesfoss  Iceland"
"Litlanesfoss  Iceland [990x742]"
"Its a monkey"
"Its a monkey"
"Its a monkey"
"Trolling...it's a primate thing."
"My reaction after I downloaded RES"
"That's what being fearless is all about!"
"This was me when I found out I don't have classes Wednesdays just now... and there will be no reddit to waste the day."
"Im working as barista at the local university. This is how the german students react when they realise i understand them."
"I'm gonna believe that this isn't too far out there to be a real scenario."
"Baby Bear....that is all."
"Cute baby polar bear"
"There aren't enough baby polar bears on /r/aww."
"Cute Explosion 2 - Newborn Polar Bear"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"The things I would do to hold one of these."
"Adorable baby Polar Bear"
"Baby polar bear  anyone?"
"When the person in the cube next to me audibly farts."
"Hypocrisy on the internet. I shouldn't be surprised..."
"How I feel after looking at my bank account and student loan balance... almost five years after graduating."
"Trolled! Gangnam Style!"
"Reading a book - gangnam style"
"Australia...agreed"
"What It feels like on my birthday after accomplishing nothing over the years"
"After a year on here..."
"To all my fellow graduates with jobs lined up..."
"How I feel when work wants me to stay late."
"cant wait for the day when we have &quot;gif&quot; cards so I can hand this out to d-bags and put it on cars that are parked stupidly"
"My personal favorite Gif. Still use it!"
"To that kid who reminds the teacher you had homework."
"For everyone playing blackops 2 while im at work today.."
"How I imagine /r/politics"
"The difference between homeless and a hipster"
"When my parents leave me at home for the day"
"Take these guys!"
"I haven't been on reddit all day and I just realized that it was my cake day today. I hope most redditors feel this way right now..."
"When I come back and see comments on my submissions"
"Pressing &quot;a&quot; then &quot;j&quot; on posts"
"When people comment on one of my posts."
"What I do on reddit at 3am when I'm drunk...."
"I don't post a lot here on Reddit. What I secretly do from behind the shadows of Reddit  is this."
"How I feel after making an account after being a lurker."
"What I do to other posts after mines been successful"
"Me having just created a reddit account."
"For everyone posting the new Man of Steel trailer..."
"How i am today whenever someone posts something about Pokemon X and Y no matter what it is."
"Sweet mother of awesome. (From DOMINION: Dinosaurs Versus Aliens)"
"What really happened to the Dinosaurs"
"Me looking at gonewild"
"NO NO NO NO!"
"This is why trampolines are dangerous"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk. WTF."
"You could have taken it apart"
"Saw the post of the bizarre shots from Sandy's destruction...you missed one."
"My childhood summed up in one gif"
"My childhood summed up in one gif"
"Oregon Trail Fail"
"Me playing fantasy football"
"Me playing fantasy football"
"I never lie"
"Hey Reddit  where is this place?"
"Aogashima Island  Japan"
"I would make my secret fortress here"
"I found The island of the firelord"
"Aogashima  Japan"
"How I felt playing as a Mage for the first time..."
"As an Italian living in North America"
"My Penis"
"I seriously wish this was real."
"The &quot;average&quot; look of females in different countries"
"Average face of women of different ethnicities."
"When I smell weed in class.."
"First time I actually read the bible."
"When people in the library refer to it as being in the &quot;li-barry&quot;..."
"When someone says something I've never heard right before a test"
"Owning my first car  and learning that it is going to cost $750 to fix a broken window."
"My reaction to pretty much every overheard conversation on the bus."
"What did he just read"
"Bert Realizes something..."
"Dramatic Reading"
"Trying to find the keyhole late at night."
"Dat Ass"
"Dat ass!"
"How I feel about missing my reddit cake day"
"Birthday Surprise (NSFW)"
"I must go my people need me"
"What I see when people are talking about Sandy..."
"Calm down Sandy!"
"Which one of you states is the real Dirty Dan?!"
"Yearbook quote approved that will never be topped."
"Insightful quote"
"How I feel being 27/m and single..."
"How I feel being 33/m and married..."
"How being single for a long time feels"
"I tried to feed my cat. Then this happened..."
"Balloon Dinosaur (Inflated With Win!)"
"Attorneys on Reddit. When I think of an attorney on reddit this is what I think of. Anybody else with me."
"Hats"
"train"
"Halloween in the trailer park"
"A challenger appears!"
"I want whatever he's having!"
"How I feel talking about my first time having sex with my friends."
"1 tequila  2 tequila  3 tequila  floor"
"Happy National Tequila Day! Now  Here's a Cat."
"Oink?"
"Found this saved on my computer  and I wish I knew why..."
"Just WTF."
"Typed in &quot;wtf&quot;. Google Images delivers."
"If a snake attacks you  just slap it"
"Like a true boss!"
"Badass LVL: ∞"
"A true poet"
"Black metal poetry"
"This llama is"
"You know what I am  bitch I'm"
"cos(b)"
"Simple Math."
"So the AP Calc exam is tomorrow and this is all I have learned..."
"Still my favorite Oktoberfest picture..."
"When I hear a game will only be offered through Origin"
"When I meet an intelligent  logical  interesting person who is fond of science  but then later find out that they are religious"
"Testing Captain Falcon's reflexes"
"Reposting this because it's awesome."
"When you see it..."
"my fear whenever i click a &quot;when you see it&quot; picture"
"Swan Ronson"
"Doggy With a Short Gun (GIF)"
"2 minutes a day! Every day!"
"Well... This is a bit.... eerie."
"Exploring space"
"What Nyan Cat sees"
"I wanna tell this guy my story."
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom."
"Mufasa &amp; Simba. For real"
"Father &amp; Son"
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom..."
"Every time I post something awesome but gets no upvotes...."
"Whenever I get downvoted"
"My thought when my posts immediately get downvoted."
"How I imagine everyone when they get link down votes ..."
"Baby skunks!"
"Why facebook just why..."
"soo.. uh yeah. this"
"Just For Your Entertainment"
"Why do people draw something like this?!"
"MY TEETH DON'T HURT ANYMORE. I CAN'T STOP YELLING."
"How I feel when a TIL is on something I already know."
"How I feel when people talk about their vacations while I am stuck at home alone........"
"When someone has already made the comment I wanted to make on a post."
"The feeling of getting a few upvotes then destroyed by downvotes."
"How I feel after being down voted"
"When trying to get the attention of the girl you like [FIXED]"
"Whenever my comment starts to get a lot of upvotes and then Imgur moves it to /r/funny"
"Fuck you  Sheppard."
"How far Steam has come.."
"You young whippersnappers and your fancy  modern-day Steam. You don't even know."
"Please Love Me"
"Poor little guy.."
"Welcome to Reddit..."
"My new favourite .gif"
"SMASHING"
"Edward you need some work"
"Rock  paper..."
"The Most Predictable Game of Rock  Paper  Scissors"
"He just wants to see the world"
"this is on the homepage of my biology teacher's website."
"DANCE  SPIDEY  DANCE"
"Oppan Spidey Style"
"A man using Apple Maps walks into a bar..."
"I'm here! Oh no  wait..."
"Protectors of the Forest"
"Most appropriate place to shit brix ever."
"Still my favorite picture from space..."
"And this is why I use multiple accounts on my personal computer."
"The best reason for space colonisation."
"They reassured me by saying &quot;at least spiders can't fly&quot;... but then... (X-Post from r/pics)"
"Saw this on my newsfeed and I'm really hoping it isn't true"
"Technologic"
"Listening to Kanye West's &quot;Mercy&quot;"
"Anytime..."
"Sloths."
"I finally caved and typed in 5 random letters on imgur...I'd say this is a pretty solid start O.O"
"Rape."
"If the back of your iPhone shatters  colour it in a highlighter then wipe it off with a paper towel. This is what it should turn out like."
"Happy Birthday Carl Sagan!"
"Happy Birthday  Carl. You've always been such an inspiration to me and to everyone else."
"The world lost a great man fifteen years ago today  RIP CARL SAGAN."
"The heart of science."
"Two years ago I was going to be a youth minister. Now  I'm going for astrophysicist and I have this man to thank."
"One million subscribers  if only he were here to see this"
"The bane of my childhood."
"Dat Ash"
"Tree-Butt"
"It has moobs... [Fixed]"
"how i feel in britain about the 4th of july"
"Realized it's my one-year cakeday today..."
"How I feel about all these football posts on reddit today."
"When people start complaining about their finals."
"Kanye's having a kid?"
"OMG it's my cakeday!"
"What is the most epic picture you have ever seen. I'll start"
"So I decided to give Imgur roulette a try..."
"Its exactly what it looks like."
"This belongs here...for sure!"
"Winter is coming..."
"She likes my hat"
"Regrettable Tattoo - never drink and ink!"
"Glad to see she has a hobby now"
"You had ONE job Nike!"
"How I imagine a Reddit gathering would be like (FIXED)"
"So many cute cats:D"
"Saw this on facebook  and thought it should be here."
"Boo is too cute"
"I don't think the world is prepared for this much cuteness."
"I present to you  Boo the dog."
"Suspended asian girl shitting into water tub."
"I don't even know what to say..."
"I don't even.."
"Drew Carey Was Once Terrifying"
"Drew Carey  Corporal  United States Marine Corps"
"Life from death."
"The Old Lifting the New"
"Jesus Returns!"
"So this just popped up on my Facebook feed."
"Pokemon..."
"SNOOPIMORPHS"
"The Transformizzle"
"My name is Snoop. I roll with the Animizzorphs"
"Snoop Lion's Book on the transformation."
"Snoop Lion: The Transformizzle"
"The Transformizzle"
"Snoop Lion's Newest Novel"
"Animorphs"
"Animorph"
"I present #2Termz"
"2 Terrrrmmmzzz!!"
"The newest rapper out there"
"He's got it in the bag! looks like this is happening."
"And once again  this is relevant."
"Obama wins!"
"Been saving this for a while now"
"Two terms yo!"
"#2TERMZ"
"#2TERMZ"
"#2TERMZ"
"Obama's Election Photo"
"Obama"
"You know what it is."
"Is this chess set supposed to be 'cities' vs 'terrorists' ?"
"I'm sure this chess set was a blast when it first came out."
"Not cool  man."
"You will never be as Awesome as this man"
"I can't tell which way it's going..."
"Polar Blast"
"A future United States Olympic gymnastic  she nailed it! Just waiting for the judges scores.."
"real life mr incredible?"
"I don't even..."
"Just going out for a walk"
"Simple Perspective"
"Maybe they should swap their training courses with eachother"
"An impressive resume"
"Dear NASA..."
"o snap"
"Take that NASA"
"chicks will be jealous"
"I always knew my piss could do more!"
"My &quot;little&quot; pony"
"This never happens."
"What were we doing again?"
"I chuckled at this"
"When I discovered r/gonewild"
"The chase"
"From left to right: Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke Skywalker and R2D2"
"WOOTINI!"
"Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke y R2D2."
"Han  Vader  Chewie  Leia  Luke  and R2D2 (Left to Right)"
"Is that Mike?!"
"Mike  You Fucking Piece Of Shit!"
"When you see it"
"Found this in the store.."
"Well  that's a nice surprise. I wasn't hungry anyway"
"Came across this today."
"Medister - A danish specialty"
"well i lost my appetite"
"How I feel when I score a good bag."
"Random letter into imgur... WTF?"
"Strafing in Black Mesa"
"He put effort into that"
"The poor guy misunderstood what was meant by 'getting baked' (x-post from r/funny)"
"ungrateful weezy."
"No words can explain this o_O"
"turbulence"
"turbulence"
"Lettin' it all hang out"
"Baby got her swagger back"
"Baby be shufflin"
"I can't look away..."
"ooooh oooh oooooooAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!"
"Who else loved this bad boy as a kid?"
"I can still smell these."
"The true purpose of the cross."
"Where do they go??"
"I love this show so much"
"What tragedy have I missed?"
"Oh no..."
"wish I was this guy"
"Nemo 33: The world's deepest swimming pool"
"Fuck you  I am Iron Man"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man"
"secret identity"
"For my cakeday  I present you with superhero logic!"
"This is why you don't get out of the car when you break down on the highway."
"Who does this? NSFL"
"Jesus... Does anyone know the back story on this?"
"im going to hell for this."
"Holy shi... is this even real?? [NSFW / NSFL]"
"Im going to hell for this [Fixed]"
"Anyone else really starting to feel this way..."
"LSHMSFOAIDMT"
"walking barefoot on grass in the middle of a drought."
"I understand the irony of posting this but for some reason today..."
"Pun intended"
"A lot of people do miss their cakeday"
"Be a man you baby...errr wait..."
"She said she loves my baby face."
"Do you even ping pong?"
"My new shirt..."
"A bit of fb gold"
"Naturally"
"Kid's face at the end is priceless."
"Thank you  Jesus."
"Thanks Jesus!"
"Thank Jesus for this food..."
"Googled &quot;family saying grace&quot; this showed up."
"My gardener is also named that."
"The truth behind saying grace.."
"Thank you Jesus!"
"This will always be my favourite.."
"&quot;You're Welcome&quot;"
"Thanks Jesus!"
"At the dinner table today"
"This changed my life"
"Dog Valentine's"
"Stop Fighting!"
"Sometimes things are that much more hilarious when you're sleep deprived"
"Please!"
"This is how you know the sex was amazing. (SFW)"
"after taking your first hit in a few weeks"
"Just Had Sex"
"TIMBERRRR"
"Half way to class  and just realizing I left my phone back at home."
"Waking up from a long night of drinking  and not knowing where your phone keys  or wallet is at"
"When I'm waiting for my friends to pick me up from my house"
"Parallel Parking"
"like a glove"
"Like a GLOVE (fixed)"
"mfw i realized i had missed my cakeday"
"This Fire Fighter Has All the Koalafications"
"Phallic juice box"
"Still don't believe aliens have taken over our world?"
"The Mayan's got something right."
"The Mayans got something right. (X-post r/funny)"
"I have a feeling Lil' Wayne is much older than we think."
"When I walk into the locker room and notice a Japanese man blow-drying his balls."
"My ex showed up to a party. [FIXED]"
"a better ending for lost"
"Just got done watching Lost and this ending is better than the original"
"An alternative ending to Lost. Possibly even better (xpost from r/funny)"
"Cutest. Moth. EVER."
"Venezuelan poodle moth"
"Cuddles the moth"
"Venezuelan poodle moth (link in comments)"
"I present.... The poodle moth"
"Venezuelan Poodle Moth"
"Venezuelan Poodle Moth. NOPE!"
"For my first post in r/aww  I give you... a moth?!"
"Venezuelan poodle moth"
"r/aww wasn't convinced my fuzzy moth was worthy. How about you guys...?"
"Venezuelan Poodle Moth"
"I see your Blue Dragon and raise you the Venezuelan Poodle Moth"
"How do you like your coffee  BITCH?!"
"Occupy Wall Street spreads to England"
"Anarchy in the UK"
"When Someone Tells Me I'm Too Fat for the Slip-n-Slide"
"CLEAR POINTS 68000"
"when people on reddit don't agree with my sense of humor"
"Petrol bomb hits motorbike cop in Greece protests"
"playing with toys will never get old"
"It's All A Matter of Perspective"
"Perspective is Everything (credit: twistedsifter.com)"
"That's it. Enough internet for today."
"Healthy interracial relationship."
"Love comes in many forms."
"POW! Right in the kisser. (NSFL?)"
"My attitude towards most things in life. [GIF]"
"Seeing my redditor gf after she gets on the front page."
"Driving in LA"
"Dear James Holmes - Imgur"
"What everyone does after a step-parent leaves the room after a fight....."
"Upvotes for you  Upvotes for me"
"My very average computer when I try to start Battlefield 3"
"My computer when I try to start Battlefield 3"
"Because  sometimes  all you want to do is scream &quot;FUCK YOU!&quot;"
"When my friend brags about having more karma than me"
"Animated GIF of sad Zoidberg I've made recently. Feels bad  mon."
"Poor Vader..."
"Poor Vader [X-Post /r/gifs]"
"George Lucas' latest changes to Star Wars"
"This will make your heart melt faster than a popsicle on Brad Pitt's abs. (xpost from r/pics)"
":0)"
"Baby sloth is sleepy"
"The cure for a shitty mood"
"guaranteed to make you smile"
"Dawww"
"How I feel when trying to close reddit"
"Oh 4chan."
"When people say &quot;nothing tastes as good as skinny feels&quot;"
"What's with your lick and stick tattoos?"
"The very best of r/Badtaxidermy! [Album]"
"I think I found OAG's parents..."
"What's the big deal? There's noth... HOLYFUCKNOPENOPENOPENOPE"
"Wanted Coke. Felt oddly pressured into choosing this instead."
"Ice-t  not Dr. Dre. my bad  sorry"
"Ice T"
"but where do I go for coco?"
"I came to take your jobs but..."
"Politicians these days..."
"Ridiculously scary lightning"
"Yes  this is real"
"Erupting Volcano [950x634]"
"Downvote anyone?"
"My friends wall-paper... Why?"
"Tranquility"
"Oh man  this is still my fav pic ever. It gets me everytime."
"It happened."
"Mesmerizing."
"Reflection"
"GPS trails of pizza delivery riders on one Friday night in Manhattan"
"GPS trails of pizza delivery riders on one night in Manhattan"
"Praise the Lawd."
"The drive home after Indian food."
"How I feel when I come up with a clever post and am afraid of forgetting it"
"All I could think of at the end of TDNR"
"Every time I have to write a paper."
"Starting my assignment while browsing Reddit.."
"First essay of the new semester"
"Progress report on my final"
"Thrusting to the Sun and Moon"
"What the fuck am I watching."
"While everyone is out partying  me and my friend are out being weird like:"
"$2 890 in pennies"
"Read."
"i'm slightly amazed..."
"Nic Cage Unleashed"
"still funny"
"The original repost."
"Serious skills!"
"Best Friends"
":-/"
"Asian time bomb"
"The average aging process of Japanese women."
"How Asian Women Age"
"TIL of an optical illusion phenomenon. When you see it...!"
"This is why flamethrowers were invented."
"It's ok they're harmless  right?"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPINGTON NOPE"
"Star Story"
"disneywars  han woody."
"You  are just  a toy."
"Mars Effect"
"You can't unsee this."
"Am I the only one that sees this?"
"I can't believe no one has pointed this look-alike out yet."
"My reaction to Disney buying LucasArts for 4.05 billion"
"Amazingly  perfect shot of my friend skydiving into Burning Man this year"
"Man constructs miniature Burning Man and stands in its middle  claiming it's a friend's skydiving photo  all for that tiny  tiny Karma"
"Man skydiving over the Burning Man - xpost/rip from r/pics"
"Hitchcock: The Master of Suspense"
"Miniatures"
"A little pre dress up for halloween."
"Breaking Bad halloween!!"
"Breaking Badass Trick or Treaters"
"Really tumblr? Do you serve any purpose but cater to the extremely ignorant? It's shit like this..."
"After seeing this on facebook  I just about gave up on humanity."
"100% sure this is a repost."
"Not Sure if Repost"
"[REQUEST] Could somebody alter this gif so that the sign at the end says &quot;9GAG&quot; instead of &quot;reddit&quot;?"
"Too soon? - Maybe a repost"
"So it goes."
"WOAH OH OH AH AH AH AAAA HA AH AH AH"
"aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAA *boom* (x-post /r/gifs)"
"goooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!"
"Oh Timmy......."
"No ladies  not yet!"
"Original Priority Peter"
"Op op op op Opression Gangnam Style"
"Gangnam Style vs. North Korea Style"
"Stupid human..."
"Why would you give these to me?"
"dafuq is this shit?"
"Probably my all time favourite gif"
"DO YOU SEE THIS SHIT?"
"Herrro!"
"What are you trying to pull Wikipedia?"
"Walking into a spider web"
"How I look air drumming to &quot;In the Air Tonight&quot; (reposted gif from http://bit.ly/RxqiG3)"
"Bongo Cat!"
"Invisible Phil Collins"
"Where do I start..."
"So someone hit my sister's car and left this note."
"What a great citizen!"
"Does r/wtf like cows?"
"Do you like me? Do you like the way I play?"
"All cats play the same way.."
"Focus Cat"
"this not your average party. and wtf is that thing!?"
"If this isn't the creepiest SFW picture on the Internet then I don't know what is"
"This picture occasionally pops up in r/WTF - can someone please tell me its origins?"
"Just gonna leave this here..."
"Nothing will make me understand this."
"The original WTF"
"I believe this belongs here.."
"I don't even.."
"Seriously what the fuck"
"Just got to the dark side of the internet"
"No comment..."
"Does anyone know whats happening?"
"Will someone please explain this shit? I'm both frightened and confused"
"Blinking Contest?"
"Alien Milk RAPE!"
"I just googled &quot;the weirdest photo ever&quot;.... Google delivers"
"Wtf?"
"Dah fuq"
"Where is your god now?"
"Wonder what happens next"
"Da faq"
"No time to explain"
"Come on man I said get in!!"
"Karma whoring for my reddit birthday. I have seen a lot of this throughout the year."
"Reddit:"
"The Original Sexy and You Know It"
"Finished my last exam today. This is how I feel."
"Reposts"
"asian party boy - paper tiger edition?"
"January 19th  2012. You know exactly what's coming. [Fixed]"
"Hey guys  I played the random letter imgur game too!"
"How reddit users respond to reposts (X-post gif included)"
"How I feel seeing all the posts after that massive gif collection post"
"bringing resumes to my university's career fair"
"How I felt when I finally got positive comment karma"
"How I feel trying to interject a reasonable comment in a religion related post."
"Tourist"
"My response to all the &quot;cute&quot; and &quot;funny&quot; Valentine's Day posts."
"How I feel about Reddit's college layout (fixed)"
"My thoughts on 80% of AMA's in response to BLB's AMA Drama..."
"Concerning all these posts about finals"
"How i feel with no Diablo and seeing all these posts about it"
"My favorite face swap!"
"How I feel most people react when a redditior tells them how much karma they've accumulated."
"My face when I see all this news about Comic Con."
"What I think when I see an annoying status on Facebook [Also First post"
"Anytime I hear anyone in class complain about their &quot;obscene amount of homework&quot;."
"My reaction to this NFL ref's stuff..."
"My roommate and I were the only guys at a party."
"Ghost ride the whip"
"I've got the house to myself for a few days. Time to party!"
"When i look"
"Like it's hot."
"first attempt"
"Mordecai and Rigby with getting their various grooves on"
"A bird and a rodent dancing to some chill music"
"Insane pencil on paper work by DiegoKoi. (so good it can be in pics)"
"One of Diego Koi's graphite drawings. Keyword  &quot;DRAWINGS&quot;."
"You mad  ball?"
"Father-Son bonding"
"Mini Chewie"
"Krieger-san Jr. (x-posted from r/wtf  SFW)"
"Solid advice"
"Squishy and Delicious"
"You should see what he does with her nose. [NSFW]"
"And that was the last time I went to 4chan for porn (SFW)"
"How I take advantage of Steam sales"
"Mr. Rogers"
"Mr. Rogers"
"Like a sir"
"Dang Mr. Rodgers [Mr. Rogers Fixed]"
"Space is beautiful."
"How I feel about the combined news of Monster Hunter 3DS and the second slide pad attachment"
"Reaction to Dark Souls 2 announcement."
"This is how I feel when studying immunology"
"This was just posted to r/funny for a completely unrelated topic  but it pretty much sums up how I felt during my first month of law school."
"How I felt reading the Paul Krugman AMA"
"After reading the Paul Krugman IAMA"
"Me in my 4th year Spanish class."
"Every time I try to understand an r/science post"
"CERN Webcast about the Higgs boson"
"Me reading the Higgs boson announcement"
"Reading the Higgs Boson article"
"What it feels like to read/listen to people in another language that you're learning."
"Just got the syllabus"
"Obi wan hates dogs!"
"Excessive Force"
"Well I just laughed for a solid 5 minutes"
"I can't stop laughing at this. - Imgur"
"You nigga betta luv mah repost of a repost"
"Some things deserve to be reposted."
"Whenever my dog runs at me with muddy paws. True story."
"WOOF WOOF WOanjfjsefewuhfnjgroiuqh"
"A real transformer."
"You forgot the one that makes you forget what you're doing when you walk into a room"
"Genetics  they're just incredible."
"This is how Genetics work"
"My first ever PC game  and hands down my favorite RTS game of all time."
"I'll be watching you"
"Hopeless Hope"
"Boat! Land!"
"Talk about a tense moment...."
"Hi and welcome to Reddit! I hope you like the same fucking jokes over and over!"
"&quot;Huh?&quot;"
"Still a better love story than Twilight."
"Reddit"
"Welcome to Reddit."
"What game developers have done with Call of Duty over the past 2 years"
"OKAY  OKAY! IT'S DEAD ALREADY!"
"I can't be the only one who's completely done with this."
"browsing r/new when a new topic or meme starts trending on reddit"
"How we play monopoly on reddit"
"Meanwhile In Japan..."
"Atticus Finch as a thug"
"We can't stop here."
"He gives me this look every goddamn time I walk into the house..."
"The floor is lava"
"OCD Cat"
"Body paint by: The Predator (NSFW)"
"How I react when I get tons of spam requests on facebook"
"Going to the library on finals week..."
"every time I get on Facebook.."
"Just activated my Facebook again after 5 year hiatus..."
"Today is my IRL birthday  here is my first thought this morning to all the birthday wishes..."
"Whenever I check my &quot;People You May Know&quot; section on facebook."
"[HIFW] looking for a streamer i like on the League of Legends twitch page"
"The Water Flows Red With Blood"
"Hey Mom  I think you are confused"
"Confusion"
"Mom  when can I have my room back?"
"Do you really need to get close enough to read the sign?"
"Happy b-day Marin.... Da FAQ??"
"I think this fits"
"oppan gangam style"
"My reaction to getting lots of karma on something i post."
"this is how i felt when i quit my job delivering flyers"
"Going to imgur to upload my cakeday cat photos and realizing that it is down"
"What “Beans” from &quot;Even Stevens”  looks like today."
"Does anyone remember Beans from Even Stevens? If so do not click here. Cannot unsee."
"When did beans from Even Stevens become a child molester?"
"Best argument for gay marriage I've ever seen......"
"I would"
"Galvanize The Empire"
"London's survived much worse than some simple rioting..."
"Repost: Dedication"
"Hold Still Sonny."
"Playing Solo Que over the weekend"
"My brother sent me this  I couldn't help but laugh"
"No..no..slenderman is no here..[X-post from r/slender_man]"
"Is Slenderman Home?.."
"This is what I always imagine while playing Slender to keep it less scary."
"I'm actually quite alright with that..."
"Is Slenderman home? (x-post from r/slender_man)"
"housekeeeeping  housekeeeeeeping"
"Gingervitis"
"Ahh Gingers!"
"Handin' out upvotes like Lloyd Christmas"
"Whenever I see a funny comment thread"
"Eight-year old Make-A-Wish child Janiya Penny reacts after meeting President Barack Obama"
"Breathtaking image of Statue of Liberty and Hurricane Sandy"
"Forever my favorite gif"
"My Ex-Girlfriend is going to prom with somebody who has my name and I'm going to prom with somebody who has her name. We were both asked."
"Dogsat at my parent's house this weekend and drank a bottle of the wine they order in bulk  assuming it couldn't be that pricey. My reaction when I got the call about how that shit was $100 a bottle as a college student who will most likely not drink so expensively ever again..."
"The actual greatest face swap ever (X-post from r/WTF)"
"This is my cake day reddit  i think this picture is creepy."
"Juuuuust passing through."
"Me when I realize its the woman's turn to drive in our work carpool."
"How I feel in class today"
"taylor swift coincidence??"
"One truck to the other: &quot;You belong with me.&quot;"
"Just saw Taylor Swift"
"TopGear in trouble with PETA."
"No one tell PETA"
"Top Gear: Always Honest."
"Oh Top Gear"
"This deliciousness showed up on my FB page. Bacon everywhere!!!!"
"Mother of god. I must do this!"
"My Dream Thanksgiving Turkey"
"The first redditor"
"I've read the caption 5 times and I still have no idea."
"Fancy Dress Ball  1894: Bacon"
"fancy bacon dress  1894"
"how i feel as a redditor lately"
"Cleverbot..."
"Am I the only one on r/atheism that feels this way?"
"Gabe Newell."
"Am I the only one around here...?"
"Am I the only one..."
"Michelle Obama is killing it..."
"Seriously...I love it (and no  I'm not gay)"
"If I wanted updates on your fantasy league  I'd be in the league."
"And the day will come  when the mystical generation of Jesus  by the Supreme Being as His Father  in the womb of a virgin  will be classed with the fable of the generation of Minerva  in the brain of Jupiter. - Thomas Jefferson"
"Cute ass duck."
"Just like a duck to water..."
"Gotta fix the kitten to non-kitten ratio. Here is a duckling! (crosspost from /r/animalporn)"
"Waterproof"
"Just a little duckling having fun in the water"
"If Zelda was realistic"
"what you have to do to be my ex-friend for ever..."
"just let me pour some Champagne . . ."
"This is just funny"
"The old man from 'Up' exists in real life"
"He lives!"
"Something awesome finally came up on my Fb"
"SO this guy exists...."
"Uncanny Resemblance"
"'Call of Duty' in a nutshell"
"Where is your god now?"
"Fuck your rules society. This is how I roll."
"Welp  that'll end the toilet paper argument for good..."
"Gets me every time"
"Has this happened to you? Then you need..."
"The risks of trying to eat at an [8] or higher (x-post from r/funny)"
"It's the eyes..."
"Discovering the world"
"Just a dog birth"
"Getting Out Of The Backseat Of A Car..."
"This makes purple my favorite color"
"Guh!"
"Wut?..."
"Hitler's Death"
"In Capitalist America.."
"How I feel upvoting posts on the front page."
"Before getting my colonoscopy"
"Mr. ET"
"Googled &quot;Random stuff on the internet.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"My reaction when I ate Nutella for the first time"
"The first time I saw boobs in real life"
"Meanwhile in North Canterbury"
"Homosexuality could lead to ducks taking over the world."
"Nothing to see here  just a Lion riding a horse."
"When Donald Duck finally realizes"
"When my ex calls to say she wants me back"
"When an Ex tells me they want me back."
"what i feel cake day posts are like"
"Every time I see &quot;Need Humanity&quot; in Dark Souls..."
"#NationalTextYourExDay"
"How I feel when somebody says YOLO"
"Who said it!?"
"Who said it!"
"One of you is going to do this eventually"
"If only the world worked this way."
"HE SAID IT!"
"Shit Balls"
"Nature was kind to this pig. Then it shit on it."
"Just a cat doing a little bit of light reading."
"Punch Bowl Falls - California"
"The saddest thing that makes me laugh..."
"Not enough effort"
"Like a Boss"
"Go cats!"
"So close."
"So close."
"The history of Reddit"
"Probably a repost  but there is an infographic about Reddit !"
"History of Reddit and some other cool facts about this awesome site."
"Calm Your Tits"
"Best costume ever"
"Pixar Lamp (Not the most practical Halloween costume.)"
"Pixar is really stepping it up with the verisimilitude these days."
"I miss the 90s  I really do."
"Realizations as a '90s kid"
"Kids from the 90's  this sums us up"
"kids of the 90s nostalgia at it's finest"
"I really do miss the 90's (not OC but worth sharing)"
"Fisher Price like a boss"
"haters gonna hate"
"Poor little guy... Keep trying!"
"[HIFW] Trying to escape ANYTHING in my dreams."
"how it feels arguing with a fundie"
"How I feel about achieving my life goals"
"Trying to find good content on r/new"
"Onward! To the front page we go!"
"The Best Around"
"You're almost there buddy! Don't give up!"
"To All Who Keep Posting Batman Spoilers On Reddit..."
"Awesome or Abuse?"
"Sunflower"
"WTF party trick"
"Steve-O lights a girl on fire. [nsfw]"
"I'm trying to figure out what it would look like or whats supposed to happen if they succeeded."
"Fire tits"
"Poor || Rich [pic]"
"Meanwhile in Brazil..."
"The fence between the rich and poor"
"In honor of my first reddit birthday as someone who has never been to the front page:"
"I just got RES."
"Since Dear Esther is on sale  I bought it. My first thoughts."
"How I felt when I first started using Reddit"
"First time making a Tumblr..."
"First day of college in over five years!"
"How a girl must feel trying cowgirl for the first time [FIXED]"
"just started playing half-life 2 and..."
"Where Neil Armstrong used to go for a pint."
"I was amused."
"Propane."
"Don't Fuck With Bulls (NSFL)"
"more matador justice"
"Oppa Gotham Style"
"Oppa Gotham Style (X-post r/funny)"
"Oppa Gotham style"
"Preikestolen  Norway"
"Preikestolen  Norway"
"A cat on an underwater treadmill"
"Haters gonna hate"
"O___O"
"It's not filthy in here."
"its not filthy in here"
"When my boss told me he's going on vacation the same week I booked it months ago"
"How the mothers of the kittens feel when redditors come along and steal their babies."
"Walking into the Valentines candy aisle tomorrow with the $7.56 I have left in my checking account"
"How it feels watching people comment on your post"
"Ctrl + shift + n"
"What it feels like walking into McDonalds with more than $5."
"When I'm gaming online and someone is AFK"
"Being 5 points away from a karma milestone"
"Walking in to Costco while the samples are out"
"Photobombing John Elway"
"Animal Crossing bringing a disabled mother and family together [GIF]"
"X-Post from HistoryPorn  a 'Most Beautiful Eyes' competition."
"That's a real slap"
"This deserves some attention"
"This made my week."
"This never fails to cheer me up when I've had a bad day."
"Peanut Butter."
"Peanut Butter!"
"the funniest picture I've seen in a week. or more."
"idk why but I just burst out laughing every time I see it"
"Lunch time"
"Will somebody push the swing please?"
"&quot;Uhh think im stuck people&quot;..."
"Multiple interviews today"
"A brief of summary of my front page attempts on my cake day..."
"How I feel about having most of my cake day posts downvoted."
"How I felt when I realized my cake day was yesterday"
"'Merica"
"Train Etiquette"
"We'll deck the halls when we damn well feel like it"
"Smoke cloud and lightning."
"Now's our time Reddit!"
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend."
"The Fall of 9GAG (REPOST. last post died. gotta keep it alive)"
"This is being organized"
"/b/ is organizing this to happen on 9/11"
"Sounds Like a Good Ide"
"It is time to unleash global war upon 9Gag. Spread this picture and enlist."
"Operation Bukakke is a go."
"Spread the word. Operation Bukkake is a go!"
"Join us!"
"Intentional repost [repost]"
"4chan has called out reddit"
"Just a seal"
"Just a seal"
"What came up when I google searched &quot;Seal's Body&quot;"
"I can swim"
"its the facial expression that gets me everytime"
"What...I don't even (Seal face swap from The Voice"
"SEAL"
"Seal"
"Colin Mochrie at his best"
"Colin Mochrie at his best"
"Colin Mochrie at his best"
"I know there's been a crapload of reposts of this already  but it just cracks me up everytime."
"I think today is my cakeday. Here's my favorite picture on the internet"
"No. This is the most stressful level in any game by far!"
"Been saving this one for a while. c:"
"Been saving this one for awhile c: (x-post from r/aww)"
"Metal Gear Cat"
"starting them young..."
"My friend trained the strongest baby the other day..."
"Don't worry Mom  I got this."
"Bro do you even lift"
"Hi  I am a fish"
"Any love for a Porcupine Puffer fish?"
"Ridiculously photogenic fish."
"Little puffer fish is excited to see you"
"The all new  ipad NANO!"
"First look at Apple's next generation iPad &quot;nano&quot; that has been rumored to make phone calls."
"cannot explain this horse race"
"Yes  it's from Japan."
"Yes  it's from Japan (xpost from /r/pics)"
"MTV India needs better interns"
"Wait... What?"
"My friend's lovely photoshopping..."
"Look at it!"
"Just Look"
"Face-swap"
"This is what happens when plastic rings ends in the water. A simple act can make the difference."
"It's shit like this reddit..."
"Goliath"
"Always sit up front!"
"Here you are sir.... Oh shit not again!"
"He's real!"
"He does exist!"
"Your mouth is now watering."
"Tongue Destroyers"
"Still the greatest gif I've ever found."
"Does anyone know what this is from?"
"Crazy frog"
"Star Wars Crayola [x-post for r/alternativeart]"
"X post from /r/funny"
"Tyrone is getting his shit together"
"Photo of how a bubble looks when it's half way through popping snapped at the perfect moment"
"Probably my Favorite Picture Yet: Popping a Bubble"
"One of my favorite pics of the year  mid bubble pop"
"Bubble pop"
"Asking a Christian for Proof"
"This picture is fascinating. A bubble mid-pop."
"Every Phineas and Ferb episode."
"We call ourselves... Rage Against The Empire"
"Rock Band: Star Wars"
"Went to my non-redditor's friend house  his cat belongs here"
"Lightning rod in action"
"Lightning rod"
"Sky Bacon"
"How much do you like marshmallow creme?"
"For someone with OCD  this is the stuff of nightmares. NSFW"
"Comedy much?"
"Science rules!"
"Crap! Forgot the milk."
"Wilt  Arnold and Andre"
"All of a sudden  Arnold doesn't look so big."
"Wilt Chamberlain and some other guys"
"Wilt Chamberlain and Andre The Giant carrying some little dude around the set of Conan"
"Andre the Giant &amp; Wilt Chamberlain holding up Arnold Schwarzenegger."
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnold Schwarzenegger  and Andre the Giant"
"Arnold  Wilt Chamberlain  and Andre the Giant on the set of Conan."
"In case of tsunami"
"Nine layer density tower  brought to you by science."
"A Nine Layer Density Tower"
"Science Bitch!"
"Just the tip"
"I'll take that..."
"The Internet Army {Gif} {X-post}"
"Web Forums In A Nutshell"
"Now that's a big damn tree..."
"Being confident in your own work  demonstrated by lumberjacks from Humboldt County  California  cca 1900s."
"Well  they had me fooled."
"California gas prices"
"One More Theory"
"Get Dressed Like a Boss!"
"So wait...Jesus didn't walk on water?"
"The day after shaving my balls"
"How I feel after signing up to be on the office social committee email list."
"I told my wife  after she just got her hair done  that I kind of liked her old colour better."
"Every time you find out you did fun things in school when you skipped.."
"Modern family &lt;3"
"What."
"Behold! The American Way of Frivolous Lawsuits."
"Behold! The American Way of Frivolous Lawsuits."
"Old Lady Gets Laid Out"
"The one time..."
"Good Job Adam!"
"But how...?"
"Oh god.. the cuteness.. it hurts..."
"In case your life was lacking in puppies."
"Tasty thumb"
"Hihi! That tickles!"
"That tickles!"
"Don't know if this has been posted before  but this may be by far the cutest gif of a dog ever"
"What are you looking at?"
"Who do you think you're looking at?"
"Why are we running?"
"My buddy posted this on my wall and the thing is  I don't doubt it."
"I'll say you raped me (FB screencap)"
"Found this gem on my news feed."
"Racist olympic tracks"
"Facebook (1)"
"I mean... he's not WRONG"
"I give this kid an A+."
"Can you help me find the source of this .gif?"
"When I call &quot;seat check&quot; and someone takes my seat..."
"The fuck outta my chair"
"Get the fuck outta my chair (x-post from /r/funny)"
"This. Is. SPARTA. for the oldies"
"The first time i upvoted a post."
"Here's another good way to start a book."
"Helping everyone on Facebook get over the Big Day results"
"What I've been spamming on Facebook recently"
"priority peter in gif form."
"Where did Peter's calculator go?"
"How my momma watched the debate last night."
"I just bought an external hard drive. That feel."
"After switching to boxers"
"How I knew my SO was cheating on me with a &quot;bigger&quot; guy..."
"How I feel owning a 160GB ipod"
"When people ask me about politics"
"His teeth..."
"The Wizard of Busey"
"The Wizard of Oz - Starring Gary Busey - Imgur"
"The Wizard of...wait a minute"
"Gary  we're not in Kansas anymore."
"Fuck You"
"That's one hell of a pot hole."
"Was driving in hometown of Ottawa today and saw this (whoops  sinkhole)."
"A car got totaled by a small pot hole today in ottawa"
"Sinkhole in Orleans  Ontario?"
"Sinkhole swallows car on highway. Thankfully no one was hurt majorly. This is just outside of the capital of Canada  Ottawa."
"Sinkhole swallows car in Ottawa."
"So I raced a Tiburon today..."
"Metal Baby"
"How it must feel being a girl on this subreddit:"
"Never knew there were so much kinds of outlets out there..."
"Totally unfair race"
"Just groovin'"
"Emi-Finn ft. Jake Dogg"
"What my day has been like NSFW"
"Not bad.......not bad at all"
"What the fuck is that?!"
"First thing that came to mind when I saw this picture"
"I know cats like fish... but this might be too much"
"Australia"
"A snake eating a wallaby [x-post from r/Australia]"
"My friend went to check out at the U-Scan and this happened"
"Please insert your penis."
"Gandalf: Back in Grey"
"Google image search  how I love you. You don't always give me what I want but that doesn't mean you don't give me something worthwhile"
"This zoo is awesome"
"Just  bring me the outcome..."
"Tap that &quot;ass&quot;"
"nom nom nom nom nom nom"
"Pride of the US navy."
"Guess who's late for their video chat!"
"How it should've gone down"
"Stop hitting yourself."
"I just don't know.."
"I'm just posting this because it made me laugh."
"Glorious Zebra Butt. Just Glorious"
"Oh  glorious zebra butt"
"Glorious zebra butt"
"I hate when this happens..."
"Baby bear afraid of baby lion."
"searched &quot;diglet&quot; on google images"
"Safe Sex"
"Violentacrez chillin at the beach"
"Ronald McDonald  c.1963"
"The original Ronald McDonald... 1963.[828x1017]"
"The original Ronald McDonald... 1963."
"The original Ronald McDonald... 1963."
"I can't afford Borderlands 2  so this is what I do instead."
"Batman wants a sandwich"
"Superman is apparently a bitch."
"The foundation of religion."
"One of my favorite gifs of all time"
"If you're wearing white  wipe twice (maybe nsfw)"
"Free!"
"Liberty!"
"Wow!"
"My drawing escaped!"
"Transformers! Pastors in disguise!"
"Christian Cyberjets"
"In action .."
"rihanna and katy perry"
"How I feel when my girlfriend asks me if my friend's new gf is pretty"
"My friends say I'm disturbed  but I just call myself a loyal fan."
"Rainbow"
"Too true"
"Everytime I see a .gif I wish it was this one."
"Why dinosaurs don't rollerblade"
"Whenever I post something I think is clever"
"Whenever I see this i picture the Raptor yelling RAH RAH RAH  and then his fun is destroyed"
"OMG guys!! I was on vacation for the last three days and I just got on and am I too late for the bash Islam stuff cuz I got this awesome m-..."
"For those of you who recognize the gif  do yourself a favor and search for the Zooperstars."
"Best gif ever."
"Trying to talk my way out of an argument where I know I'm wrong."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Go home mascot  you're drunk..."
"Me trying to get to our bed for sexytime...I am not a graceful person..."
"Whenever I try to post something on reddit."
"Every time I'm getting a BJ. [SFW]"
"What I imagine life without an iPhone would be like"
"After browsing r/DIY and r/food for the last hour"
"How I feel trying to make an argument on reddit"
"When you think you're going to destroy a test but barely pass..."
"How it feels down-voting something that ends up on the front page..."
"When you think a link is going to be successful."
"Happiest moment ever playing this game."
"YESSSSSSS"
"The day that Randy the Golf Cart snapped"
"Realizing someone has already posted your link"
"Whenever I see someone get to the front page with a gif I have already"
"&lt;3 NPH"
"How I feel when I post something on here and nobody upvotes it."
"I've noticed that there are a lot of cake days this month ....... how i feel about posting something"
"Trying to explain 50 Shades of Gray to foreign friend of mine"
"How I feel as a German seeing a Nazi/WW2 related pic."
"OMFG"
"Everytime I get upvoted"
"When I go home for break and it's time for dinner"
"Did my first Imgur Roulette  first thing to come up."
"getting home from class only to come to nothing but blue links."
"Feel as though this is one of the greatest  yet most underrated RPG"
"please tell me im not the only one who remembers this"
"This is so true"
"Found out how true this was recently."
"Sweet Dreams"
"How I picture two redditors making love"
"I had a bad day  so I decided to take some pictures of bubbles to relax..."
"Purricane Sandy"
"Found this when searching for Hurricane Sandy photos. Seems legit."
"What seems to please reddit for the past few days"
"My favorite Sandy photoshop so far"
"It's raining cats and... cats."
"Googled &quot;Hurricane Sandy pics&quot; and was not disappointed."
"Googled hurricane sandy  was not disappointed."
"Googled Hurricane Sandy"
"Googled hurricane Sandy..."
"Heard about all the Hurricane Sandy Flooding Photos  so I Googled Hurricane Sandy Photos. Wasn't disappointed  at all."
"I think I found the Reddit hole."
"Tunnel Vision"
"Evil laugh"
"That snake is evil"
"The dangerous laughing python."
"Even the snake knows what's up"
"evil snake laugh"
"argh  not again!"
"I didn't hear an evil laugh [FIXED]"
"I still regret nothing!!! [fixed]"
"Chris Brown's new tattoo looks like a beaten woman..."
"Chris Brown's Rihanna Tattoo"
"Bad tattoo level: Chris Brown"
"Chris Brown's Rihanna Tattoo"
"Chris Brown tattoos a bruised and beaten woman on his neck."
"Chris Brown tattoos a bruised and beaten woman on his neck."
"Is anybody else enraged looking at Chris Brown's new tattoo?"
"I fear this is close to reality"
"Theyyyyyyy're acceptable!"
"The People of the Internet Have Spoken!!"
"Well that was an easy one..."
"We're winning."
"Would you rather . . . (Ex-post r/atheism)"
"Just some ordinary closet...."
"Gamers I heard you like your private space"
"It's the time... Of the season."
"House being... House"
"Just completed another trip around the sun."
"House  Master Dancer"
"Gregory House got gangnam style"
"HIFW I heard LMFAO were breaking up"
"Everyday I'm Diagnosin'"
"Shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! everybody!"
"Shots Shots Shots"
"SHOTS!"
"How Keys Work (GIF)"
"How keys work"
"How keys work."
"How door keys work"
"Bird mocks cat. Cat wins."
"This is how my muta harass tends to end up"
"Fool me once  shame on you."
"Some matrix bullshit here..."
"Come at me bro ..... I said  come at wait  no  smshsjjfjslk."
"Don't get paid enough to play in the NHL or Ref. a NFL game?"
"When I get more up votes than my friend"
"Yummmyyy! I love strawberries..[*_*]"
"I FUCKING LOVE STRAWBERRIES!!"
"Gets me every time."
"Gets me every time."
"Still gets me every time"
"Quick!"
"Grab a cactus"
"drunk on reddit"
"Blood service VS Vampire"
"how happy i was that transformers was on netflix"
"My reaction after just seeing I have over 1000 Link Karma."
"getting internet after 4 months"
"An eerie reminder of 11 years ago  today."
"Today we remember."
"9/11 - Never forget"
"Comedian Craig Gass just posted this on his Facebook"
"I fear for humanity."
"Minty Jesus"
"Is it bad I couldn't stop laughing?"
"Ban these vicious pitbulls!"
"Innovators of science and the cosmos  all at one table"
"Last Supper Scientists"
"One part owl  one part squirrel  all parts adorable."
"Holding on for Dear Life..."
"Winter Happiness"
"Hello down there  friend!"
"I'm not sure what the hell this is  but it sure is cute"
"Little ball of cuteness"
"A little ball of cuteness."
"How does reddit feel about momongas?"
"Paralympics coverage at it's finest"
"The Paralympics have brought up some really potent moral dilemmas here in the UK."
"Just saw this on Facebook..."
"Smiling"
"Brainfreeze..."
"After 4 months  I am finally able to go fishing again"
"Aww yiss"
"I would like to share with you all the most reposted image I have seen in my time at reddit. It's been reposted for good reason."
"My friends son has a little trouble without a spot and squeezes a fart out!"
"I have no idea what to offer for my cake day  but I love this image."
"Edited the original pic a while ago. Was too lazy to post. Here it is. (Let the downvotes commence)"
"The prestige..."
"COD in real life."
"Don't forget Grandma!"
"When a theist tells me that atheism starts wars and ruins lives."
"When my friend posts things he sees on reddit to facebook and acts all cool and stuff i'm all like"
"When someone is wrong and they insist they're right..."
"What I do when people tell me they actually liked &quot;The Artist&quot;"
"GF just told me her brother has never looked at porn..."
"Whenever my mom says I need to have &quot;faith&quot;."
"My face when teenage girls say they have insomnia on facebook"
"Just saw the extended forecast predicts 10 straight days of sunshine..."
"HIFW a post contains the words &quot;my girlfriend.&quot;"
"When I see that a horror movie is &quot;based on a true story&quot;"
"You don't want me to upvote your post?"
"When friends on fb post &quot;RIP you were my favorite actor/singer/writer/etc&quot; anytime a famous person dies. (BTW RIP Michael Clarke Duncan)"
"When people say they made it 4 days into no fap September"
"Dreams do come true. A shipping container fell off during a storm …"
"This was the greatest day ever. A ship tipped and washed all this to shore."
"It's a Trap!"
"Getting Stuck"
"Guilty."
"Whenever I open a pack of gum in school"
"I did a little bit of imgurroullete then this popped out"
"How I feel after getting a few upvotes on a recent submission"
"Getting a C in college"
"Getting an upvote"
"Finally got my girlfriend to start a Reddit account(she swore that she never would)"
"How I felt seeing my post on the front page."
"How I feel after winning an argument with an Atheist"
"How I feel when I check the tracking on my newegg order and all my parts are arriving a day early."
"Before we got together  this was my reaction every time someone assumed my girlfriend and I were dating."
"WE HIT 30 000 BROS!!!!!!!!!!!"
"How I feel waking up in the morning to see my post doubled my karma"
"How i am feeling now my exams are over."
"My Dad just beat me in Fantasy football this week (Last year we faced each other in the Fantasy Superbowl and I won) Here's his reaction"
"Every time I take down a tank by shooting my teammates C4 with a sniper"
"I was asleep when reddit was down  this is how I felt"
"NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO"
"Fuck everything about this."
"I think there's something in your eye..."
"Bee."
"Twitch..."
"Oops!"
"Watch out  we got a badass car over here."
"Anteaters hate christmas"
"I agree Anteater  screw Denny's and there shitty grand slam breakfast"
"FACT: Anteaters hate diners."
"Come at me bro!"
"When They Were Young..."
"mrw someone makes a pun"
"Not funny"
"Psy beam!!"
"Gengar Style"
"A redditors weekly cycle"
"an engineers life"
"So true.."
"Thought it explained reddit well"
"Thanks Reddit. This is basically my life because of you."
"Thanks Reddit. This is my life now because of you..."
"This always makes me laugh"
"Batman! You've caught me in the middle of my nap."
"Damn it  Batman!"
"I think somebody is hungry"
"This is what happens when it flurries in Cincinnati (x-post from r/Cincinnati)"
"So this happened yesterday in Cincinnati  OH. 86 car pile up."
"L4D2 Dark Carnival Chapter 1 - IRL [x-post from /r/cincinatti]"
"Picture of 85 car pile up outside of Cincinnati yesterday"
"80 Car pileup in Ohio  1 killed. A 12 year old girl was struck and killed as she got out of her car."
"I hope they use a surge protector."
"8 million and 1 unemployed"
"I laughed more than I should have."
"8 million and one"
"FOUR MORE YEARS!"
"8 million..... and ONE"
"Eight million and one."
"If the President is re-elected..."
"This kid is a genious...we should all strive to be like him!!!"
"that awkward moment after a bj...."
"Soon"
"so i arrived to work late and this is how it went down."
"Creepy stalking cat"
"When my older sister has her hot friend over...."
"When I hear someone talking about me outside my cubicle"
"When I'm upstairs and I hear company"
"5 year old brother just got a new nerf gun"
"The cat returns"
"I think you'd be in Hufflepuff."
"TIL: &quot;Your mother fucks for bricks to build your sister a whore house.&quot;"
"&quot;Your mother fucks for bricks to build your sister a whore house&quot;"
"The giant poster of insults"
"Are you feeling it now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Devine Moment of truth"
"He tried to sneak a cookie"
"Lil' Wayne"
"Lil' Wayne"
"You're doing it wrong!"
"Icecream  yurmmm."
"How I feel when someone nicely comments on my post but does not upvote it."
"Wat. I can't even..."
"Just the garden in front of Paris' main city hall the &quot;Hôtel de Ville&quot;"
"Young Morgan Freeman"
"Morgan Freeman as Count Dracula"
"Mmmm Chocolate."
"Chocolate covered cockatoo."
"Chocolate bird!"
"Why I'm afraid to let my dog stick his head out the car window."
"How I feel when adding my comment to a post from the front page."
"A whole new meaning for the word 'frustration'."
"What I'm screaming when told I have to work 16 hours after being awake for the past 36 hours  and only getting a combined 11 hours of sleep in the past 5 days."
"Just a baby chameleon being awesome"
"This what you call colorful chameleon"
"Chameleon (more in album - link in comment)"
"Falcon Punch!"
"Ah  the good old NHS."
"Just a typical British hospital (x-post from r/unitedkingdom)"
"Swagrid"
"This is the only time having swag is acceptable."
"I give you... GANGNAM STYLE INFINITE"
"GANGNAM STYLE INFINITE"
"Gangnam style"
"George Carlin knows what's up"
"What did this????[NSFL]"
"It's disgusting but I just can't stop looking at it... [NSFW]"
"Words CAN NOT describe ths!!!"
"Oh god  my brain....."
"HIFW I think I found a great deal on craigslist but it turns out to be a scam."
"Sadly  happens to me too often at beaches..."
"Math. STAHP!"
"Every time my friend who knows nothing about politics  lectures me on who the better candidate is"
"When my friends start talking about the Halo 4 ending before I've played it"
"I think the devil does it"
"I really don't even know...(imgur)"
"Friend got drunk  noticed he was missing a few dollars. Found them."
"The advantages of being colorblind"
"Warp speed… engage!"
"Strolling through the interwebs when suddenly"
"Evil Overlord Cat! Caption ideas?"
"flying furball"
"Kentucky Fried Droogs"
"I think we know who is in charge here"
"The Colonel and his Droogs"
"Colonel Sanders and his droogs  ready for a bit of the old ultraviolence."
"A young Stephen Colbert"
"Young Stephan Colbert makes me quiver"
"A young Stephen Colbert"
"Just Another Child's Book Passing Through"
"How I feel finally catching up to the manga from being an anime only viewer and not having to worry about spoilers anymore"
"Ice and Coco."
"Jim Carrey Raging"
"The faces of Jim Carrey."
"This day we fight!"
"This Time They Have Gone Too Far.."
"(saw this on fb) THIS DAY WE FIGHT THE BELIBERS"
"My reaction to my alarm going off at 6am"
"Look's like somebody's got a little case of the Mondays."
"We just had a Thanksgiving Potluck at the office. This is how I feel."
"Damn Penguins"
"And you thought they were cute"
"WHAT DID I MISS?!"
"WHAT YEAR IS IT?"
"How i feel after being on reddit all day"
"And now i cant sleep"
"For those that &quot;just want to cuddle&quot;"
"Yo"
"Abbey Road cover 2.0"
"Only Paul can GROOVE"
"How i feel when someone wants to tell me a secret"
"I'm on a diet and I found out BK now delivers"
"Thanks to reddit  this is how I feel when a girl I'm interested in uses the word &quot;friendship&quot;"
"When I click a link instead of the pic expander and ruin never ending reddit on RES"
"How I feel when a gif is reposted with a witty title and makes it to the front page."
"How I feel realizing I missed my first cake day last week."
"How I feel I can't browse reddit at work"
"How I felt upon learning season 9 of The Office would be its last."
"When there are no more paper toilet seat covers at work."
"When a student said to me &quot;when does the narwhal bacon&quot;"
"How I feel when I accidentally open Internet Explorer"
"When I heard Disney would be producing Star Wars Episode 7"
"How I felt after realizing that my &quot;You had one job&quot; post was how the product was intended to look like"
"Just the Mayor of Reykjavik dressed as Obi Wan  with Yoko Ono &amp; Lady Gaga"
"Mayor of Reykjavik met Lady Gaga and Yoko Ono  dressed up as Obi-Wan Kenobi"
"The mayor of Reykjavik along with Lady Gaga and Yoko Ono"
"mid-life superheroes"
"Midlife Superheroes. (repost)"
"When I try my hand at any sport"
"The Flight Deck of Space Shuttle Endeavour"
"A view of space shuttle Endeavor's flight deck."
"Just being safe."
"Must have been a good night"
"Couldn't get away"
"Now that Shark Week is over  let's remember what these animals are really like."
"Googled happy sharks. Was not dissapointed."
"Not sure what to think about this..."
"How menacing"
"Shadow of The Collossus pixel gif"
"Shadow of the Colossus"
"a generally epic feeling 8-bit moment"
"When I try to talk to a pretty girl"
"Okay guys  this has gone way to far... I'm disappointed..."
"it's a bit early for a blunt isn't it?"
"My high moment of the day [7] (x-post from trees)"
"Everybody in Colorado right now."
"The real winner of tonight"
"Elijah Wood vanity"
"Whenever I read through my Facebook feed."
"i don't even..."
"Japan?"
"WTF!"
"The newest dance craze- the human octopus"
"How I feel when someone posts something similar to me and gets more upvotes"
"out of the way bitch"
"This fit far too well."
"A sloth's life"
"Praying mantis riding a bike?"
"Me the first time on /b/"
"what happens when people ask me to pay for food after i brought the weed"
"It was my favorite one  too..."
"Even Dark Lords Have to Have Fun!"
"This happens to often"
"What do you mean?"
"My Favorite Frisbee"
"When all of my friends disagree with me."
"Geniuses"
"what were they trying to accomplish"
"Please Try this at home."
"Beyond stupid: the tripe ball breaker stunt"
"Hate Shake"
"Saw a Soldier costume and reminded me of this picture"
"Baby Hedgehog - cute explosion"
"My friend will never be bored with his setup."
"Paradise"
"The dream"
"OMG  I dont see an xbox 360."
"I loves this"
"omg what a dream set up"
"Chuck Norris Vs. Slenderman"
"Chuck Norris Vs. Slender Man"
"WTF with all the comments that say you should get beat?"
"Urgent message"
"I will eat the trash"
"Female Cranial Fillet."
"&quot;Proceed  Governor&quot;"
"If The Black Knight DJ'd"
"One armed DJ"
"I'd like to try the #2 combo..."
"I Might Not Be Lovin' It..."
"Ummm...no thanks"
"I always thought you parked your car in the garage  not the garage on the car"
"Always make sure your garage is secured to the ground"
"I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who feels like this somedays."
"Finally watching Parks and Recreation  this sums up how I feel when I drop too much food on myself when I'm eating."
"oh what a nice day for freeskiing in the alp- OH FUCK!!!!!!"
"How I see reddit these days"
"How I see Reddit these days"
"Where did the seal pup go???"
"Plz halp"
"Dear People of the World..."
"Snooki had here baby."
"Everytime I walk down the hallway at school"
"French Soldier in Mali"
"French soldier in Mali  January 2013"
"Christians really nailed us this time..."
"This showed up on my news feed. Good point  Christians."
"Christians: 1  Atheists: 0"
"Some people cannot drink their limits."
"I'm a deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer!!!! [Gif]"
"Oh dear."
"I need a drink."
"Abort Mission!"
"Seeing your parents when you're out with friends..."
"Private Spagett! He's watching you."
"Every time I get an upvote"
"Ron Fucking Swanson."
"Happy Birthday Mr. Swanson!"
"Just found out my insane ex gf is moving all the way across the country  without calling or telling me. This is happening as a result"
"I can watch this for hours...also..cake day!"
"When my girlfriend confirms we'll be having sex."
"Didn't work today  played video game all night and got drunk."
"How I imagine a girl looking right after posting to gonewild (SFW)"
"Ron Swanson  The King Of Giving Zero Fucks"
"Right Ron"
"When ever THAT GUY comes around."
"One of the many truths about the internet [X-post from r/wtf]"
"One of many truths about the internet"
"Don't trust the internet"
"One of many truths about the internet [x-post from /r/wtf]"
"Every Day This Seems Like a Better Option."
"Vote for Patrick Star"
"Vote for Patrick Star - Imgur"
"Vote Patrick Star"
"Thought it was a good time for a old favorite"
"One year ago today."
"Still my favorite gif."
"happy election day? (i dont even....)"
"Remember Bin Laden?"
"Oh youtube  so wise"
"My karma went from 1 to 5 overnight!!"
"How I feel trying to see the transit of Venus"
"This sums up my experience when looking to see Venus."
"Summary of Clint Eastwood's speech"
"How I feel after looking through everything I've saved during my first year on Reddit"
"you guys do this every time I try to post here"
"How work feels today"
"feline disrespect from behind"
"Japanese porn is wierd..."
"It's how we keep the yeti's from finding us..."
"Justice!"
"It was only a matter of time before someone did this..."
"Just two hippies on the street"
"This is all Andrew W.K. is famous for."
"Just got a text saying I don't have to work on Thanksgiving"
"Love Pig"
"Looks like Allan worked on Saints Row also..."
"Bat Embryo"
"Super window washing"
"It's true."
"Relaxation"
"ATTAAAAACK!"
"Been running a fever all day  the nighttime cough meds are starting to kick in  this is how I feel"
"Jus sayin."
"No skateboarding  cocktail drinking  stogie smoking pooches allowed"
"Still my favorite gif. Gets me every time."
"Whenever I see my friend in a classroom and I'm on break."
"Will the Real Buzz Lightyear Please Stand Up."
"just play dead and he will go away"
"The Adventures of Lord Mario"
"Facebook God gave me a halloween costume idea..."
"This person wins halloween"
"This person wins Halloween"
"This would be terrifying/amazing on a Halloween acid trip."
"A life changing spice"
"Always forget to buy seasoning....never forget Doritos"
"Best idea I've ever had"
"Would you like a little Cool Ranch with that?"
"Pass the Salt? I mean Doritos."
"Instantly add diabetes to anything!"
"GENIUS!"
"This means cooler ranch omelettes tomorrow."
"When you see it you will aww."
"Having fun isn't hard..."
"Exactly"
"Word!"
"What it will be like trying to post on reddit immediately following the blackout."
"How I feel voting Democrat in Utah."
"How I feel after power hour."
"Go home flamingo"
"This image makes me giggle every time."
"&quot;I have a bad feeling about this...&quot;"
"George Lucas. Wat r u doin. George Lucas...STAHP!"
"A Young Krusty the Clown"
"No matter what  always be yourself."
"Nutellagasim"
"British Music"
"Don't judge us"
"That's some interesting news. [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile in Australia."
"The Most Delicious Pokemon"
"Fucks given by this chicken? 0."
"Chickens defying physics."
"TIL chicken heads don't move."
"My stupid idea. No 'just'"
"Chick swags"
"Techno Chicken"
"She's a real....dick"
"Business  ALL THE TIME."
"Radical Larry will fuck you up"
"Charlie Chaplin  Hollywood  ca.1916 [2693 × 3510]"
"Let's be honest  this is what the fundies will really be doing if they find out everything they eat is pro-gay"
"Cat in the desert with no name"
"Thirsty Cat"
"How to get her to love you"
"Forever a stone"
"These Christians get it...."
"'Orange County Where' Needs to Hire A New Graphic Designer..."
"If you edit a magazine called 'Where'  you really ought to be more careful with your layout"
"Eye Stitches"
"And if you'll look out the left window you'll see..."
"Interesting Urinals... Must be uncomfortable for guys..."
"i dont know what to say"
"Don't make fun of me  I was born this way!"
"Animated Disaster in the Shower"
"Bless yo- HOLY SHIT"
"At least it happened in the showers..."
"Oh  God Ble--OH DEAR GOD WHY?!?!"
"communal showers"
"What its like watching gifs on my new phone"
"So i came down with the Flu  and this is probably my worst fear right now"
"Public Showers"
"God bless you..."
"Fire in the hole!!!"
"Fire in the hole!!!"
"One reason why I'm afraid of locker rooms"
"Take this Twilight lovers!"
"GandalfStyle"
"A man with a pet hyena  Nigeria"
"Science!"
"Oh  okay."
"Well that's comforting"
"World record water ski"
"One Boat and 145 Water-Skiers"
"ERMAHGERD STERBERKS!!"
"Kerfee..."
"At this point  I think management makes them do this."
"I turned around during my school lunch and see this."
"for my birthday reddit  i give you my favorite gif of all time."
"Release The Kraken !"
"Release The Kraken !"
"I cannot begin to think of an appropriate title."
"This is not how I remember the movie..."
"Don't cha"
"What is this from? See it all the time on Tumblr and need to know."
"I'll have whatever she's listening to  please."
"Reverse gender sexual harassment??"
"How I feel when my post hits the frontpage"
"This is almost unbearably adorable."
"How I feel waking up from a nap I never intended to take.."
"Nope. I will not wake up. Now go away."
"Wakey wakey  eggs &amp; bakey! [gif]"
"How I feel every morning..."
"What did you say  Ma?"
"This little guy looks like a rascal!"
"Oh  and here's a baby Elephant to brighten your day."
"Baby elephant."
"How I feel trying to talk to women..."
"Homer shows his concern for Marge"
"Anyone has a better combo for this gif?"
"Anyone with a combo for this gif?"
"Seriously  we get it."
"every time i try to tell my GF that im not a yes man"
"What I think of every time someone types &quot;lol&quot; in all uppercase"
"When I buy a game on Steam and it goes on sale the next day."
"A friend sent me just this after a long day of work. Fits perfectly"
"Stop! You have violated the law!"
"Longest train ever!"
"TP attack"
"TP Attack [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"was slashed by an imp"
"knock kit off asshole!"
"This is a great alternative to the toilet paper debate."
"WTF is this and where can I get one!"
"Check it out  nice tattoo huh?"
"What exactly is Romney doing in this photo?"
"Mitt Romney bending over in front of an elementary student."
"&quot;It's not about the size of the face  it's about the beat of the bass.&quot;"
"Caption this pic"
"When Colbert does the same subject Stewart just did"
"What a horrible day!"
"This is still my favorite comic on the internet"
"This is still my favorite comic on the internet"
"What a childs skull looks like growing adult teath."
"2 birds with 2 stones"
":D"
"Proof  cleverbot is human."
"who I imagine makes mean comments on bad posts."
"I just found myself slouching like this while browsing reddit..."
"How do you kill something that has no life?"
"8+ hours spent on Reddit. Pretty much sums up how I feel right about now."
"Dis gon b gud! Like a bau5!"
"Not sure what's happening here"
"Researchers dressed in panda costumes try to approach giant panda Taotao and its mother Caocao.."
"So I heard you like updates..."
"So I heard you like updates..."
"I too am moist."
"Searched Nick Cage upset  was not disappointed."
"Thank you for sharing"
"Creepiest LOL in a long time"
"Guy gets hit by a train."
"Man getting hit by train."
"My friend Mike Dubisch did this interpretation of Spongebob. Awesome painting!"
"How I felt the first time venturing into r/spacedicks..."
"Tripping into handcuffs... like arresting an infant"
"But I still love you guys"
"&quot;College Essentials&quot; - Good to know someone has their priorities correctly aligned!"
"thanks Target  I now know what college essentials are"
"Say Cheese"
"Shark in a NJ street"
"A shark was spotted swimming in the streets of Wildwood  NJ after the hurricane."
"Favorite Sandy photo so far: Striper doing some urban exploring"
"Best picture of hurricane Sandy I've seen on fb so far"
"The reason I'm having trouble sleeping at night (not sure if repost  sorry)"
"This owl won't take your sass."
"As a college student home for break to enjoy real food  this is how dinner works."
"My relationship to Diablo 3 since I bought it"
"The best remix of my childhood"
"After the controversy on Monday night  the NFL has announced some rules changes!"
"The Current NFL Rulebook"
"After the controversy on Monday night  the NFL has announced some rules changes! (X-Post from /r/calvinandhobbes/)"
"What do you mean I'm not a bear!"
"Bear Koalifications!"
"Koala bear"
"Deal with it."
"Dogs gone wild"
"Ruff Water Ryder's Anthem"
"Oh yea...This feels right.."
"So typical"
"Psychedelic room"
"Fuck this picture. Just try to convince yourself it's not moving."
"Idk if this is a repost or not but its pretty crazy."
"It's not a gif  I swear!"
"a cat. all snuggled up in a beard."
"The Original Redditor"
"Proof reddit predates the internet"
"Just had a breakup. Stalker mode activated!"
"ASL for Cats."
"ASL for Cats"
"After an hour in r/new..."
"Mind Blown"
"Mind freakin blown..."
"Was looking at this for 15 minutes. Then I thought shit I'm colored blind."
"This witch magic just blew my mind!"
"Sandy in my country(dominican republic)"
"Jimmies Status: Dancing?"
"Giant 8th grade football player"
"An 8th grade football game."
"&quot;Betrayal&quot;"
"sad but true."
"&quot;Betrayal&quot;"
"Betrayal"
"[Request] This picture into 1920x1080 wallpaper?"
"I'm not an environmentalist but this represents a whole lot."
"Space Shuttle Over Los Angeles"
"Just Endeavour landing at LAX"
"Kiss cam gone terribly wrong."
"no homo"
"it's the kiss cam. you have to!"
"As a Redditor who doesn't care about Chik-fil-A who doesn't have a burning hatred for the store this is how I feel every time I open Reddit"
"Best Complaint Jar Ever!"
"Complaint jar"
"4chan connects the dots [x-post from r/4chan]"
"Yep. This is where we belong."
"The world of breakfast"
"Safety Dance."
"Blowing up shit!"
"How it feels refreshing reddit to my cakeday."
"Sad? Safety Dance."
"For my cakeday here is my favorite gif!"
"Champions of Reason by Saejin Oh"
"Haters gonna hate."
"When my ex tries to give me a hug after she breaks up with me"
"Mr.Bean"
"Meeting new women while with my wife."
"When I'm oblivious to girls hitting on me..."
"When your girlfriend introduces you to her hot friends"
"Now that I'm Married.."
"Motherfucking excess baggage"
"Overweight luggage fees"
"that's a good point"
"need a haircut?"
"The heroine they needs "
"White Whale [repost]"
"This is definitely my favourite internet comic strip. Dark humour inside."
"Black Midget Hitler"
"By far  my favourite Beatles picture"
"This guy should be on the Olympic team."
"This is me as I broke out of the friendzone"
"Miss Me?"
"I'm not sure whether I should laugh or be terrified."
"This is... Hmm."
"Discovered it was my cakeday at 10:30. Still have an hour and a half."
"When I found out that Santorum finally dropped out"
"When my first post wasn't downvoted into oblivion."
"How I felt when my dad got Firefox... then when he said internet explorer was better."
"I can hear this guy's yell in my head whenever I see this gif."
"How I felt when my girlfriend texted me that she got her period after being late."
"Watching the Russians on balance beam"
"My physics professors reaction to the Curiosity landing after the 7 minutes of Terror"
"My reaction when I found out Curiosity successfully landed on Mars"
"When something I upvoted in r/new makes it to the front page"
"When Reddit came back"
"How I looked after sparking up and popping in Halo 4 at one this morning."
"Whenever I get a good grade in school!"
"Watching my first post exceed 100 upvotes"
"This explains so much  Reddit."
"fire and water"
"Gangnam style. Batman and Bane."
"Oppa Gotham Style!"
"Defending his home from demolition."
"This is what I imagine getting slapped in the face in super slow motion looks like."
"Great storyline."
"Moose Cannon? (x-post from gifs)"
"Norway's Artillery Regiment"
"Target acquired."
"My first day off work today  and i feel like this phrase is going to come out from my boss"
"Every time I watch my Boxer puppy squat to take a pee in the house after just coming in from a long walk outside."
"How I feel after browsing /r/gifs for 4 hours"
"Super cute gif. of cat"
"My favorite gif"
"Every time I read about a Redditor still being Facebook friends with an ex."
"My roommate invited my ex to his birthday party"
"Posting another Space Shuttle pic?"
"What I wanted to say to every redditor when viewing new posts for the past hour."
"&quot;What do you mean my ball has gone&quot;"
"When my mother searches for something using Google..."
"Please"
"My reaction to a school bus driver on the first day."
"Been a member for a year now. Had to look in the mirror and ask myself this today."
"How I felt learning it was my cake day"
"World Leaders  by David Icke."
"What Sandy looks like from Europe."
"Be careful NYC  this is starting to look really dangerous. - Imgur"
"2012. Armageddeon."
"So I was watching Fox News...(seems legit)"
"Hey Austrailia  here's the latest pic from New York"
"Seems legit..."
"How I imagine New York during hurricane Sandy."
"I'm not sure if this hurricane Sandy picture is fake."
"What my friends in Portland think Sandy is like"
"[FIXED] What Sandy looks like from Germany."
"Wow I had no idea it was this bad in New York"
"I had no idea it was this bad in New York"
"Found the Real Picture of Sandy Over the Statue of Liberty"
"Nice dress for dogs ... reloaded"
"Mission Accomplished."
"It's my cake day: you know the drill. I give you a picture in which a coardboard robot has seemingly murdered a group of children and you give me karma. Everyone wins!"
"Everything about this is awesome."
"Obama being a complete badass"
"President Obama  riding a lion  with a crossbow and a lightsaber."
"Obama riding a lion wielding a lightsaber and a crossbow"
"Obama preparing the upcoming debate"
"How I feel doing yoga"
"HOERSES"
"Horsin' around with my new yoga ball.."
"For my cakeday  here is me doing some core exercises"
"A shot of the cast of Star Wars Episode VII"
"Star Wars by Disney"
"So this might actually happen now"
"Death by a thousand tiny cuts"
"Lucasfilm/Disney news release photo - fixed"
"Disney meets Star Wars  wrong  just wrong."
"Is this the beginning or the end?"
"Ready for the Tango?"
"Cause this is..."
"Just look at dog's face!"
"lol bye bitch"
"If anyone was curious what a fixed point in time and space looks like…"
"This is why Chinese is hard."
"Shi..shi..shi..shi..shi..... shiiitttt...."
"Now I really want to learn Mandarin."
"What I wanted to do when Reddit was down"
"me when i see two people making out in public"
"Browsing the front page without logging in  with the default subreddits."
"People driving into a canal thinking it was a street from the floods in Florida."
"WTF Jesus?!?"
"Dammit Jesus"
"Wishful thinking..."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Goodbye  Cruel World"
"Rrrrraaaaahhhh!"
"Fail cat jump. I laugh every time"
"This sums up my first experience with Mirror's Edge pretty well"
"How I feel posting multiple times and never getting remotely close to the front page"
"not gonna live with fear"
"what it feels like to debate religion with my southern baptist family"
"Go Go Gadget Copter..Oh S*@#!"
"A best of /r/funny from the last few months."
"Karma Whore?"
"I have a cake by my name. I'm not saying I'm going to karma whore..."
"Karma Whore"
"Well  that escalated...very gradually."
"when you see it"
"She might not like this picture."
"I don't even..."
"In honor of David Hasselhoff's birthday  I present to you... my favorite gif"
"Checkmate  atheists!"
"A gift from the dogs."
"Carrying the package"
"Now that's what I call teamwork"
"What in the fuck"
"How drunk you'd have to be before even considering wearing these costumes for Halloween?"
"&quot;You're fucking yourself big time and won't be missed.&quot; - Mother Gaia"
"This is what it feels like to drink a liter of vodka."
"One year into my reddit addiction..."
"Tonight while visiting the neighborhood taco truck  I was harassed by members of the grammatically incorrect motorcycle gang &quot;Ruff Ryders&quot; all I have to say is.."
"Here's to a year (and many more to come) wasted on reddit!"
"After I voted Gary Johnson..."
"I've been on Reddit for a year. This is a classic in my book."
"It's official. I've spent exactly one year of my time on this site."
"12/12/12 at 12:12"
"Been On Reddit For 1 Year..."
"When I woke up this morning and remember all of the shit I did last night..."
"After realizing I've been a Redditor for half a decade."
"Test rage"
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"stand the fuck back"
"The weapon we have all been waiting for."
"This is what you call full train.."
"In India this is called housefull!"
"Deadmau5"
"So this just popped up on my Facebook news feed..."
"Deadmau5"
"Deadmau5"
"Deadmau5 looks horrible lately.."
"First blowjob (sfw)"
"Whenever I am sitting on public transit"
"How I felt my first time grinding"
"How I felt getting to second base with a girl for the first time."
"Dancing behind a group of hot girls at a really packed concert"
"Reddit is down?"
"Very useful for us living with dish Nazis."
"How I feel when someone lets me into their lane on the highway."
"When someone asks me if I got Diablo 3 yet"
"My friends reaction when I told him it was my cake day."
"When my comment gets one upvote hours after posting it"
"Whenever I come back to find a &quot;new&quot; post I up-voted now has over 1 000 up-votes."
"I successfully wing-manned for two friends in one night."
"Giving someone I just met approval after hearing them talk about something they saw on reddit."
"When someone asks me at the bar...&quot;would you like a shot of whiskey?&quot;"
"How I feel after I buy a girl a drink then get asked to go sit with her and her friends."
"Shit's about to get real"
"When only one person upvotes my comment"
"Wanted a quickie before work  the wife asks &quot;can you finish in 5 minutes&quot; (SFW)"
"The ever happy colorectal surgeon"
"I asked this man if he was Zak Galifianakis' dad"
"My reaction when I check my joined date and see my cake day is in five days"
"Apparently his Spidey Sense was tingling."
"Partners in crime."
"Zero fucks are being given"
"This one belongs here alright."
"A simpler time"
"Just the Cops beating an unconscious guy after he wiped out. Nothing to see here."
"STOP RESISTING!"
"When my best work gets matched and bested."
"All he did was run a red light"
"HOW DARE YOU RESIST US!"
"I guess everyone has their obsessions"
"Mad Ooo"
"Yee Peng Festival  Thailand"
"Exactly my reaction when I read the comments of the &quot;... Women of Reddit what are some things you are sure all women do or have done?&quot; thread"
"Apparently  my ex's old english teacher fails at english."
"My friend sums up Reddit in one sentence"
"Posted the &quot;religious tax exemptions&quot; image. We'll see how this pans out..."
"BREAKING NEWS: APPLE SUES RAFFI"
"BREAKING NEWS: APPLE SUES RAFFI"
"Your too dumb"
"87 people died...(fb)"
"Wikipedia entry about Episode VII"
"Lets all take a moment to appreciate the Star Wars Episode VII Wikipedia before it gets changed"
"I laughed so hard."
"Saw this on Facebook; Not sure what to think."
"I’ve Got A Hard Reset Though"
"Paranoid cat"
"That's pretty ruff"
"Bella's first.."
"Night of the walking Gameboy!"
"Zombie Gameboy"
"When you're actually sick but people think you're faking"
"GUISE?"
"After watching the Series premiere of Revolution"
"Winter is coming"
"Soon."
"So it begins. The greatest barrel roll of our time..."
"Prophetic rabbit"
"So it begins. The greatest barrel roll of our time..."
"War March of the Barrel Rolls"
"Barrel roll is coming"
"I see your other Monopoly's and raise you Black Monopoly."
"I see your Iraqi Monopoly &amp; raise you Black monopoly"
"I am not raising anything. Black Monopoly."
"I wish theyd make more of these Hobbes and Bacon comics"
"Just 'Brows'ing the internet"
"i love little girl"
"You can't spell Amusement without..."
"Exactly how I felt when I remembered my first summer course started today."
"What happens when the internet doesn't work"
"Nicki Minaj has another single."
"So this is me when Ellen DeGeneres starts dancing."
"What the electronic cigarette commercials mean to say"
"True Love..."
"I ran into a group of Redditors recently."
"Recent Reddit meetup"
"I searched 'Cutest Picture on the Internet' into Google  I am satisfied with the result."
"I WANT"
"Drinking Soda..."
"This is why I love the internet. His name is Jones."
"lolwut"
"LOL WUT"
"Democrat Seth Rogans epiphany."
"That awkward moment..."
"That awkward moment with Seth Rogen."
"I don't usually like to get too political but Seth Rogan makes a good point here"
"Seth Rogen"
"This guy needs to be a meme"
"Whenever someone comments but doesn't upvote."
"my friend left his fb up on his family's computer  so his sister posted something about one direction. I'm proud of my response."
"So some girls that I know in real life started using YOLO and Swag.."
"Remembering that I forgot my first Reddit cake day."
"6 Kings"
"&quot;HUH?&quot;"
"My face when Disney bought Star Wars"
"Wasn't me!"
"My neighbour thinks a dog has been crapping in his yard..."
"The perfect cover"
"He must've had a ruff time"
"Youtube strikes again..."
"Some Youtube funny.."
"ping  pong  ping  pong"
"Looks like both players are equally matched"
"COOOKIES!!"
"The best"
"This .gif will always be one of my favorites."
"Cookies!!!!"
"How I feel when customer service goes right..."
"Pure Happiness"
"First time I had a Five Guys burger"
"Cookiegasm"
"forever my favorite gif"
"Taking a no-wipe dump after a heavy night of drinking."
"MFW all the barbells at my gym are Texas Power Bars"
"How I feel waking up and seeing facebook birthday wishes"
"I have a penis."
"Most likely not a fan of Reddit..."
"Piano fountain. Do want."
"Beautiful Piano Fountain."
"Ermahgerd Bernerners in Perjermers"
"The more vowels the better."
"ERMAHGERD"
"C&amp;H knows how we work"
"Reddit in a comic. (C&amp;H)"
"Teamwork"
"Vengence!"
"I laugh way too hard at this."
"And then this popped up into my facebook feed."
"Batman."
"Do this to someone for 5 minutes"
"Harry Potter Mustn't Return to Hogwarts!"
"I was holding wizarding history in my hands!"
"My face when I realized how much I owe in student loans."
"how i felt when i realized after a year of waiting  i had nothing to post for my cake day"
"Finding out my 11 year old sister has a Reddit account"
"Suddenly a downvote"
"Floating hot tub boat...SUATMM! (x-post from r/seattle)"
"I would pay so much money to take this out on Lake Union"
"Free ice cream in a skeleton field?..... Seems legit"
"Yep pretty legit"
"Skateboarding is hard"
"That vehicle wasn't supposed to be there."
"Fine  I'll have a try with the skateboard."
"The journey to the front page."
"&quot;Pussy temporarily out of service. . . &quot;"
"ahhhhh so satisfying"
"don't know if this is a repost  but it made me laugh."
"Most hateful sports banter"
"Redditor Love Life"
"Neil Armstrong had an interesting take on humor [Twitter]"
"Boba Fett feels the same way as I do when I get downvoted"
"Boba the fett"
"My reaction to all the photos of the Discovery shuttle"
"So Donald Trump is back in the news"
"How i feel as a non-american reading all the border jokes"
"As one who is allergic to cats and therefore dislikes cats. This is me whenever I see a cat post."
"I really don't."
"Whenever work tells me they really need me to come in on my day off"
"whenever i wake up at 12:30"
"My thoughts upon seeing all the posts about who should do the Olympics TV commentary."
"How I feel seeing all these posts about mars."
"Whenever someone talks about how &quot;difficult&quot; their life is."
"Whenever somebody asks my opinion on something that doesn't concern me"
"My Reaction to your reaction on 601"
"Im not sure how he got ahold of this.."
"Just a squirrel storing up fat for winter."
"Squirrel also eats pizza these days..."
"Pizza for everyone!!!"
"When I told my mom I was spending the night at my girlfriend's place"
"One who wore the Kuala"
"I wish I had context for this"
"Call Me...Mr. Snuggles"
"Nice mask"
"How to Look Like a Serial Killer"
"Guitar Lessons"
"You want to learn Ke$ha  you'll learn led Zeppelin! (r/funny x-post)"
"Guitar Lessons"
"Guitar Lessons"
"My... My..."
"Precious"
"Psychology prof. attached this to his syllabus"
"Kitty playing with butterflies (x-post from /r/pics)"
"he's so cute"
"Redditor unleashes poisonous butterflies on innocent kitten for some sick sick karma"
"Basking in butterflies"
"And So It Begins....."
"McDonald's Chicken Nuggets (Pre-Nugget Phase)"
"This is why I don't eat meat."
"McDonald's Chicken (Pre Nugget Form)"
"Chicken Nugget Swirl..."
"This is what McDonalds Chicken McNuggets look like before they are cooked"
"Cage divers confront 20 foot Great White"
"The Pianist"
"Time out"
"When I'm told I re-posted..."
"Buying groceries at the end of the month"
"This is what I want to do when someone gets shotgun before me"
"No Ticket! [gif]"
"What happens when you take my seat."
"No ticket?"
"My Reaction Upon Finding Out Disney Bought LucasFilm and Decided To Make Episode Seven of Star Wars Without Lucas Directing..."
"Happy 35th Anniversary to Voyager 1's Launch"
"I don't think this kitty appreciates this very much..."
"You're ruining my hair! ps cakeday"
"My friend's cat went to the vet..."
"How I feel applying to college this year.."
"A Fluffy Cat"
"GREETINGS  HUMAN. TAKE ME TO YOUR LEADER  SO THAT I MAY PRESENT TO HIM THE HAIRBALL OF OUR PEOPLE."
"It might be on a BIT too tight..."
"After having 2 of my posts make the front page in the same day"
"just some funny newspaper headlines"
"Obvious gif is Obvious!"
"Hunger Games: 20 years later"
"I think these Facebook &quot;like&quot; photos are getting a little too extreme"
"The most ridiculous &quot;like/share&quot; post I have seen on Facebook ever."
"I want my grandmother to DIE!!!"
"This has to be the most serious &quot;like if&quot; I've seen in my news feed since... ever."
"Well that escalated quickly!"
"It's things like this that makes me hate Facebook."
"I don't want my grandma to die! I love Facebook now days."
"Saw this on facebook. WTF?"
"This is getting ridiculous."
"If I see another Facebook post about Kony 2012"
"Whenever I see my ex at a party I'm at."
"When you see your ex"
"Went into my sister's room and saw 50 Shades of Grey on her desk."
"&quot;I have to go  my people need me...&quot;"
"How I feel playing Curiosity-What's Inside the Cube?"
"how my nephew felt this morning"
"A storm passed over Christchurch  New Zealand  tonight"
"Is everyone sick of the lightning photos from Chch  yet? Well  here's one more..."
"Lightning storm in my hometown tonight  Chch NZ"
"Majestic Lightening"
"Thunderstorm over Christchurch  New Zealand. September 4th  2012"
"My friend's cat. I had to give a second glance"
"Meow?"
"A Glorious City"
"Monastery in Bhutan"
"Monastery in Bhutan"
"The alternative Avengers."
"Hawk vs Fox"
"The shoe is on the other foot"
"How I feel when I get downvoted.."
"Unconventional USB drives."
"4chan Photoshop Masters"
"Masters of photoshop"
"Hovering over the Earth"
"Spectacular view..."
"My all time favorite gif."
"Flying around"
"Revenge!"
"What a Fall"
"This police report seems accurate."
"Shit tyrone get it together"
"Watch out for those curbs."
"Another day at the office..."
"Reddit Office"
"Reddit's back office"
"Reddit in one gif!"
"What I imagine the Reddit Customer Service would be like..."
"hello  this is cat  how can i Awwnor you?"
"First nude text from the girlfriend."
"Turnstile poltergeist"
"My Worst Nightmare [gif]"
"Irrational Fears Justified in 3... 2.. 1..."
"This is how I feel when I play CO-OP missions with my friends"
"Mr. Feeny"
"Inspired by &quot;&quot;natural&quot; Canadian flag&quot;. While hiking this morning  I made one using surrounding materials."
"Don't mind him"
"Story if my life."
"Story of my life"
"How to end a trick"
"Fire Juggling"
"When someone says &quot;I know karate&quot;..."
"Me and a friend leaving our calculus final"
"Like A Boss"
"How I feel being the first one to hand in a test"
"Did you hear something Bill?"
"I'm getting this!"
"I'm getting this! [FIXED]"
"No matter what I saw in the news there was always a little piece of me that knew he was still alive. (PROOF)"
"FOUND IT"
"Colonel Sanders - Imgur"
"Can't Touch This"
"Magical Obama on a Corgi"
"Have A Heart  Tin-Man"
"Today I was at the mall blasting music..."
"Today I was at the mall blasting music..."
"Music  this is your fault!"
"It's my Reddit Birthday. I just want to encourage you all to follow your dreams."
"My hometown is having a foam party."
"So it's a little windy up here in Aberdeen today. Just a little."
"Scotland gets 'battered' by stormy weather."
"Aberdeen coast gets a major foaming"
"FOAM PARTY! - Extreme sea foam - Imgur"
"Those Herbivores I Tell Ya..."
"these are a few of my favourite things."
"Oh jebus"
"Jesus candles"
"Dafuq?"
"This close relative of the Manul is known for its distinctive greeting."
"HAY GUYS"
"Nom"
"Infestation of ticks on the head of a snake. Some of those ticks are HUGE."
"WTF pic from an 'all ages' club...."
"After 2 links deep into /r/spacedicks"
"99% of the arguments in /r/politics"
"alright."
"I am speechless for a title"
"Recently found out this popular pic was a family pic. That's my grandfathers hairy ass. Proof( the fat guy (big Steve) is wearing a fat and skinny custom choppers hat this is the family business. I showed my grandfather this and he just laughed"
"Ridiculously unphotogenic High School Alice Cooper. He looks like he actually has gotten younger since."
"Remember Trypophobia?"
"Remember Trypophobia?"
"Yes google I would like that."
"Priorities"
"Priorities"
"Prepare to ruin more of your childhood!"
"To the girl who just broke my heart."
"The magical world of Disney"
"Anyone who plays battlefield gets this"
"Oh now y'all get back up﻿ inside me now little mouth"
"My throat is a little hoarse"
"Lasers and cats = Swag."
"An ad on the bus in my city."
"He Likes Big Butts"
"So I guess this is a thing now"
"Meet the newest"
"puts it in perspective"
"Disney's New Princess"
"Not sure how I feel about this."
"Fuck wasps."
"Them motherfuckin wasps."
"I was stung yesterday  so here's a reminder"
"Ferris Bueller street art"
"This is as sick as it gets."
"Battlestations? x-post from /r/shittybattlestations"
"How I feel whenever I open both double doors"
"Every time I open double doors.."
"Expert mode!"
"Out of the three  I think the Hulk was the most rational"
"repost but hulk wins"
"Snowball champion"
"Downvote Champion"
":D"
"Baby Giraffe -- I feel like he should be wearing glasses"
"I'm a toys&quot;r&quot;us kid"
"Why do I feel like he knows more than he is letting on?"
"When I realized cakeday doesn't mean free upvotes"
"When I find out yoga pants are banned at my new school"
"So I Just Fount Out The Steam Summer Sake Started While I Was Out On Vacation"
"How I feel as a Brit when an American website doesn't let me watch their videos"
"How I feel seeing all the pics of people who met Doctor Who cast at comic con"
"Me  after getting my first-ever paycheck today and finding the Steam Summer Sale has ended."
"Looking at all the karma I earned in one year"
"Bidding summer farewell..."
"Every time I get into the shower with my wife [FIXED]"
"How I feel realizing there are no towels  after the shower."
"MFW watching the news in Greece"
"How I imagine republicans feel of reddit"
"Me when reddit goes down just as i am about to post something ..."
"Kitten Force Field"
"I really hope this isn't a family portrait..."
"Best. President. Ever."
"I'll have what he's having"
"Every time I am in a car and a good drum solo comes on."
"One of my favorite gifs for my cake day!"
"FUS RO DAH!"
"NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell on last night's controversy"
"You can't buy sadness"
"How I imagine the owners during this lockout"
"Romney's reaction if he doesn't get elected as President."
"God In a Nutshell"
"So I googled 'Patrick Star' - I will never be the same."
"Typed in patrick star... Im satisfied"
"Humans."
"Found this on Ott's facebook  though you guys might dig it."
"Showed up in my fb feed today. Interesting."
"Overly attached sports car"
"The World's Narrowest House"
"This was just in my Twitter feed.."
"Yes  yes it is."
"Really? I didn't notice!"
"&quot;Slurp&quot;"
"Scissors Always Beats Paper"
"Roshambo Win"
"why we actually won the war"
"Your mind: do not always trust what it wants to see"
"I love optical illusions"
"Optical illusion"
"D'awwww"
"Can I have one?"
"Whoa."
"Wall of Water [x-post from r/pics]"
"I can stare at this picture all day."
"The African AK-47 Wedding Is Still My Favorite Picture On The Internet"
"Welcome to Africa."
"Africa."
"Up next on Bridezillas..."
"This is how my dog poops"
"This is how my dog poops."
"sweetie eat your food before it gets cold."
"Dinners Ready"
"Not exactly sure what this is  but it really creeps me out."
"How a jedi works out."
"Weight Lifting Level - Jedi"
"The right driving mentality"
"How I feel while driving"
"What?! I'm living here!"
"Nothing to see here!"
"My reaction after I tell my Dad about my plans to visit museums in Amsterdam and he tells me &quot;Smoke dope. I don't care.&quot;"
"Hands down  all time favorite gif for my cake day"
"As a Mexican  this is how I deal with people when I don't want to be bothered"
"For my cake day I am giving you my gif folder"
"Me looking at /r/askscience"
"Shark tank collapses in Kuwait Scientific Center...so much &quot;nope&quot;"
"I am never going to the mall again"
"So we found out our new secretary had a phobia of sharks. [FIXED]"
"Wild Hurricane Sandy images: Sharks swimming in the streets of New York"
"Shark surfaces on flooded New York street after Hurricane Sandy"
"Just breathing some fire..."
"What Is Love?"
"How i feel making a submission as an Imugrian Redditor who started out in Tumblr"
"How i feel making a submission as an Imugrian Redditor who started out in Tumblr"
"The &quot;technically savvy  former Salesforce admin&quot; new user we got to &quot;help out&quot; just double clicked in her Start menu."
"Fight Cantina"
"After losing track of a girl I liked at party"
"Shut the fuck up Eric"
"Can you see it ?"
"Keep losing my damn dog...."
"Don't tell me  you think I look silly...are you laughing at me ?"
"Sir  ready for takeout. I mean  takeoff!"
"This cat ..."
"I am ULTRA LORD!"
"Here is Holly with the weather"
"How I feel about Diablo posts"
"Stop...SandyTime"
"STAHP SANDY"
"Sucks to be him"
"Oh God this poor child.."
"I'd hate to be this kid"
"You only get to pick one so pay close attention. NSFW"
"First I would need some friends..."
"X-post from R/Funny.. figured it was more appropriate here."
"When I fail a test I studied hard for."
"That's one clever dog"
"This is me when I am correcting someone on the internet."
"This is me when my boss walks by my cubicle."
"How I work when the woman next to me is bragging about her summer holiday"
"watching my comment karma going up..."
"Four papers due on the 6th. How will I be spending the rest of my summer vacation  you ask?"
"Four papers due on the 6th. How will I be spending the rest of my summer vacation  you ask?"
"The many faces of Jim Carrey."
"The fresh Prince!!! He's still got it"
"And The Karma Never Ends! Muahahahaha!"
"Never ending karma"
"Oh god it just won't stop... my inbox 300 mails in... Thanks Guinness World Records for sharing my email address with 1070 other redditors... luckily they're all cool guys"
"255 Evasion"
"Me in a house full of women on their periods."
"May I present to you my Zombie Walk makeup."
"May I present to you my Zombie Walk makeup. (x post from r/pics)"
"Hahahaha....*snore*"
"Reddit at 4 am."
"When browsing reddit at 2am"
"This Dude told me he takes his Mac everywhere. Even to Starbucks!"
"Vertigo"
"Whenever gas prices go back up..."
"I think I was just insulted by a sweater."
"Insulted by a sweater"
"One of Gabe Newell's New Beds After That Summer Sale"
"Wanna Bet??"
"This is What $207 Million in Cash Looks Like. Seized by the DEA in Mexico. This drug money was earned from the sale of Methamphetamines."
"$207 million in drug money  seized in Mexico by the DEA from methamphetamine dealers. (x-post from r/breakingbad)"
"Found my new bed"
"Drug Money  $ 250 million in Cash"
"No longer alone"
"Forever Alone Guy read A LOT of Courage Wolf and decided to change..."
"no longer alone"
"My reaction when someone tells me to go to /r/spacedicks"
"Anime &quot;SFW&quot; porn"
"I've always wondered what sex is like..."
"Just going to leave this here"
"what? I don't even..."
"Look ma  no hands"
"I am your leader"
"I give up!! You found me!!"
"there is a lack of baby bunnies here"
"Mr.Rabbit says Hi!"
"Here's an interesting fact!"
"Just do it"
"Cross marketing condoms"
"Be Like Han"
"To give you guys a better idea of how popular a good f2p game can be   just posted at the League of Legends facebook"
"He's just standing there  MENACINGLY!"
"WEE WOO WEE WOO"
"What the unbeatable combination of Skyrim and No Shave November will do to me by December."
"I just &quot;finished&quot; Skyrim"
"Bill Clinton on the front page again?"
"When people talk about the Titanic..."
"I also regret taking naps."
"Finals Week"
"In the coming months  Total Recall  Judge Dredd &amp; Red Dawn will all hit theaters."
"HIFW I woke up at 11 pm"
"Had a fever yesterday where I spent most of the day *attempting* to sleep and vomiting. This is how I feel waking up starving as shit"
"How it feels after only a day without power..."
"like a true professional"
"how to make yourself memorable in america's got talent"
"THIS IS REDDIT!"
"Dog: &quot;GAH!&quot;"
"&quot;stop motion&quot; sex"
"My dad sent me this today and said  &quot;this will be you one day. &quot; -_-"
"Please bring this series back"
"Why the fuck can't I have a sequel to this?"
"Chirp... Chirp?"
"Started Season 1 again last night  had to make this gif"
"First time trying to roll a joint"
"this is how I feel after my boss calls me &amp; tells me I need to come into a meeting early tomorrow"
"cartoons aren't what they used to be.."
"I think I just ruined my own day."
"Meanwhile on the safari..."
"What program does one use to create a gif like this one?"
"Phil Jackson said LeBron has the tools to be better than MJ. Here is Michael's reaction."
"Bidoof Square"
"A painting made with light + colored plexiglass airplanes"
"Creationists...I contend that we are both Atheists..."
"I'm sure its a repost  but this is easily my favorite /r/atheism image"
"The best engine..."
"The Best Engine in the world..."
"Vagina is the best engine."
"New born."
"Well Jason  you are not the father"
"Zombie massacre"
"Zombie Nation"
"The best gif of all time"
"Zombie fortress off the coast of Britain"
"zombie fortress of the century"
"Joe Adams' Play (fixed with rage abuse)"
"Does anyone have the video of this?"
"ultimate football troll [fixed]"
"This kid will be scarred for life"
"Absolutely Horrified."
"Teabagging a Pussy: You're doing it right."
"How I feel when I delete a post that gets downvoted to hell."
"still a better love story than twilight"
"lik dis if u cri evrytim"
"The saddest love story ever."
"When my friend told me that links from Reddit are copied from 9gag.."
"How I feel when I visit 4chan for the first time"
"When I see how much of my paycheck is going to taxes."
"One of my good friends just told me she thought Justin Bieber was better than Queen and Led Zeppelin combined..."
"How I feel finally getting paid after the Steam Summer Sale has ended."
"Whenever someone says your instead of you're"
"HIFW my video game crashes before I can save"
"What happens when a girl invites to hang out  then &quot;slyly&quot; adds the fact that she's having some problems with her computer."
"Just found out that The Office is ending"
"When I found out my sister likes NickleBack"
"My thoughts after browsing through 2 pages of the revamped r/wtf"
"The exact second my shift ends at work."
"Whenever my mom tells embarrassing stories about me in front of other people."
"Mike McCarthy's reaction after last night's game..."
"My girlfriend just discovered the wedding planning section of Pinterest..."
"Seeing one of my good friends post from 9gag"
"Well  it was one darn good Halloween"
"The Perfect Prank"
"What Im going to give to 14 yr old street clothed trick or treaters"
"Tomorrows Halloween. I've got all the things now I'm waiting to make this..."
"I put this at the end of all my PowerPoints. Tends to give my professors a chuckle."
"Nice View"
"It rained in Las Vegas today..."
"Meanwhile  at UNLV"
"So it Rained Pretty Brutally today in Vegas. Here's a shot of a UNLV Parking Lot."
"So I know girls don't fart  but if they did........."
"So I know girls don't fart  but if they did..."
"The truth is..."
"Amurika!"
"'Mericuh! Fuck Yeah!"
"My new favorite stereotype of America."
"Merica!!!"
"There here is 'Meriuh Day!"
"People Change..."
"9/11/11. Never forget..."
"9/11/11. Never forget... [Fixed]"
"dam straight.."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson fan club posted this on his G+ account. Powerful stuff."
"Obligatory Repost. Never Forget."
"When I do have a child  I WILL teach my baby how to do this. Best baby trick ever! [PIC]"
"Nailed it"
"Saw this on my morning walk to class.."
"This might just be the saddest doodle I've ever seen"
"Who's a cute wittle pumpkin?"
"Perpetuum mobile"
"Reddit posts in a nutshell"
"What are you doing？？？"
"Cats on a slide"
"This the longest gif i've ever seen [7]"
"This is how I feel trying to stop reposts."
"Every time I try to help my friends."
"Kittens trolling mom"
"kittens trolling mom"
"A classic that gets me every time"
"Literally No Explanation"
"Its true....."
"This is what I expect to come home to now that my arachnophobia roommate has discovered Reddit."
"Finally proven steam is not infallible!"
"Not sure that I want to go back 43 years of updates  Steam"
"I see your Reddit Monopoly  and raise you a Reddit Monopoly repost!"
"I would like to cash in my monopoly card now."
"Reddit Monopoly"
"Reddit Monopoly [Fixed]"
"I was promised the front page"
"Reddit Monopoly [Fixed]"
"I'll use my monopoly card now."
"Reddit Monopoly [fixed]"
"I'd like to redeem this please."
"The first gay doll for everyone!"
"Gay Bob  a gay doll from the 70's"
"How men pee"
"9 ways guys pee"
"Bartender like a boss"
"Well tuned glasses"
"Bartendin Like A Man"
"Any time I have to wake up before 8 AM."
"Bill Murray and Girls' Generation"
"Bill Murray's still got it..."
"Being Bill Murray..."
"Box vs. Animal"
"Animals reactions to being put in a box..."
"My favorite fuck you"
"Whale."
"Diver filming a sperm whale."
"How I feel when everyone at school knows I have gum"
"My whole life has been a lie..."
"My childhood is a lie."
"Wait.. So people really thought he used his head?... That is the mindblowing part."
"Colin  a raptor dance  and Jurassic Park Remix."
"A couple of drinks in when I hear my favorite hip-hop song..."
"What happens when I try to do the Gangam style dance"
"My first gif! (Fascinating.)"
"Interesting - tell me more."
"When someone gives me a compliment"
"&quot;I'm adorable? By all means  do go on.&quot;"
"So what you're telling me is..."
"White girl problems"
"Test submission!"
"Care Status: NULL"
"Chocolate-from-every-orifice-Man"
"My school just blocked imgur."
"World perceptions"
"Stereotypical Truth"
"Manul cat does not seem to be ridiculously photogenic"
"Dear Reddit: The Manul post lead me to Google . . . which led me to this."
"If you're Gandalf..."
"WHOOOOO r u"
"Just some baby owls being awesome"
"Airline security logic"
"Friendzone Level: Over 9000!"
"Expensive friendzone"
"FriendPWND"
"But... Wha... Uh..."
"A young Mitt Romney mocking gay Liberace"
"Young Mitt Romney does an &quot;impression&quot; of Liberace. Laugh does not appear to be staged one bit."
"This young Romney pic amuses me the most. YOU GO GURLLL!"
"Works every time"
"All about the approach"
"Morgan Freeman chain of command [pic]"
"The Morgan Freeman - Chain of Command"
"Just 70 Lightning strikes"
"Still one of my favorite GIFs out there"
"Here's a really old gif I found cleaning up. Funny as well as educational."
"My favorite gif forever"
"I laughed more than i should have."
"World war 2 explained in todays language"
"Fireworks  when the camera refocuses during the explosion (x-post from r/ITookAPicture) [PIC]"
"Long exposure fireworks with refocusing (xpost from r/exposureporn)"
"We should have sent this guy on Curiosity."
"Makes me smile every time..."
"Not the op of course but thought I would share the laughs"
"Possibly the 2 best things combined"
"Unarguably the best picture on the Internet."
"US Soldier surprises son when the son tells &quot;Santa&quot; what he wants for Christmas!"
"He asked for his dad to come home."
"An accurate portrayal of all of us. [x-post from /r/funny]"
"Manliness."
"He has become one"
"The best example of effective outsourcing"
"Even more satanic leaf-tailed gecko"
"Cute lizard i think"
"How I feel after picking up a Quarter  after months of having to buy grams"
"In his happy place..."
"MFW when I hit finally hit the front page"
"oh mawry"
"Who's the classiest person on the planet?"
"Keep your chin up  they said. You can be anything  they said."
"Autumn is coming"
"What the..... cat?!"
"I give no fucks."
"That moment you find a subreddit for your obscure hobby"
"cat siren"
"Reaction to the whole Deadcoil incident"
"My face when I heard my sister is pregnant"
"How I reacted to seeing Shitty_Watercolour's amount of karma"
"Prodigy cat (longest 'aaaah' ever)"
"Scene from the new Spiderman film"
"Why Spiderman didn’t make it into The Avengers"
"HIFW I show off to my friends"
"How I feel when trying to explain my results to my professor."
"What's your favorite &quot;makes no sense&quot; pic? Here's mine..."
"Any activity can be fun if you're Darth Vader."
"Darth Wader"
"Grooms seeing their brides on their wedding days for the first time"
"Grooms seeing their brides on their wedding days for the first time (x-post from pics)"
"How I feel browsing Reddit (nervous first post)"
"Seriously creeped out by this gif."
"MFW I try to understand the story line of 'The Shining'."
"The average attempt at making the front page"
"Whenever I think one of my posts is about to catch on"
"Gets me everytime"
"If those are watermelons then that persons face is broken"
"How I picture my cakeday attempt for karma going"
"Take that Bible!"
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its best."
"CSI Miami  solving shit like a boss."
"Enhance  zoom  zoom  Yeeeeaaaaaaaah!"
"Every single crime show ever."
"CSI Logic"
"Mr. Bean is displeased by your insolence"
"Mr Bean"
"Is it me or is r/wtf just a bunch of reposts of old reposts? I'm especially looking at you back-to-its-roots posters."
"mr bean"
"Mr bean"
"As a business major  when I'm assigned a research paper."
"Hipsters"
"When I'm at a family gathering &amp; my in-laws pray out loud..."
"When I heard Snooki's naked pictures were released"
"My face when I try to forget I read a spoiler"
"After watching an episode of Ms. Eastwood and Company"
"living in Pennsylvania and reading anything new on Sandusky"
"watching the rest of the porn clip right after orgasm [FIXED]"
"finding an English Dubbed version of the hentai you've been watching"
"10 days  still no Newegg package"
"When I don't auto sign-in and see posts from r/atheism on the front page."
"After a week and a half in the UK  I could only think of this."
"I still can't see it any other way."
"My thoughts exactly after seeing Django Unchained"
"Couldn't help but make this comparison throughout Django Unchained"
"Romantic date"
"My new favorite"
"I need this shirt but can't find it anywhere please help me"
"Mother.Fucking.Battletoads"
"Something my friend did on photoshop"
"I don't even know how to title this one. Found on a random imgur generator"
"Protein shake"
"Spider Milkshake nuff said......"
"I can't comprehend this. WTF"
"This isn't even my final form!"
"Scumbag Bill Cosby"
"Made this for a random comment  posting for prosperity"
"I present to you my favorite random GIF."
"In the spirit of the &quot;creepy&quot; dog pic posted the other day..."
"How dogs scaled fences in 1920"
"I think it should count"
"Not exactly the right answer"
"aaaaaaawch....I think i'll just leave this here."
"Pushing a nail out"
"&quot;Sir  I told you to stay in your car.&quot;"
"Let me show you the meaning of haste  with force."
"Go kitty go!"
"CHARGE!!!"
"Skidaddles"
"A baby sloth hugging his stuffed giraffe"
"How I feel after finally checking r/spacedicks"
"Ah shit."
"Leap of faith"
"Alright I got this... Uh oh... OH NO... FUUUUCK"
"world's most wealthy and influential philanthropists all in one room. (net worth included  sorry Bon Jovi)"
"Titans of Philanthropy in one picture"
"The richest people of the world in one photo."
"$126 billion in net worth in one photo"
"$126 billion in net worth in one photo"
"I thought you guys would enjoy this..."
"all atheists go to heaven"
"It could happen."
"Lets rustle up some sluts lol"
"Polar Bear Staring Contest."
"Daring level: Arctic"
"I see your multi-cultural Monopoly and raise you..."
"How I imagine all the legalization posts are going to be today"
"Trying to jump on a karma train too late"
"When all else fails..."
"Cool half life 2 wallpaper"
"When you see someone you really hate"
"How I feel when all my new posts get downvoted from 1 to 0."
"Everytime i get rick rolled!!"
"How I looked trying to kill the spider in my shower this morning"
"This is how I feel when I'm studying for a frustrating subject"
"so. much. anger."
"When my girlfriend's professor didn't round her 89.7% to a 90%."
"Could somebody please tell me where this GIF is from? I love it intensely."
"Just bought a dildo to keep in my car  you better not cut me off..."
"Bunny"
"I know that they are not real  but they are just as cute as any other animal."
"can't stop watching!!!! please someone help!"
"Kids TV was a lot weirder the other side of the Atlantic"
"Ladies and Gentleman  cat with cat pattern."
"Ladies and Gentleman  cat with cat pattern [FIXED]"
"A Redditor's couch."
"When the automatic toilet flushes before I'm finished..."
"Zach Weiner's preachy attempt to kill YOLO"
"the message i send to my gf whenever i want to go to her dorm room"
"Grow your own edible tongue"
"Growing An Edible Tongue"
"Omg powdered bacon turning into solid!!!!"
"Owls are intense."
"Who else has seen these owls?"
"Tasty"
"Owl Party"
"How I see my housemates whenever I bring my gf over(which is why I don't)"
"Great  so this is how I'll see barn owls now."
"Design fail"
"It feels awkward when I walk over this bridge."
"The glory of architecture"
"That's a long bridge."
"3 bags of beer to go please!"
"For Safety."
"When I get a reference on Reddit"
"Whenever I use bad puns expecting them to be funny."
"Im not sure if i would be scared or if i would crack up if i was that women."
"He looooves traveling"
"Loves to Travel (x/post from r/aww)"
"Me at a [10] trying to find something to post."
"Always when I try to choose icecream..."
"Fuck the Police (Read before you vote)"
"Charizard! I choose you!"
"How I saw my Pokemon battles as a kid"
"Worlds largest gold fish?"
"Somebody is screwing my wife ."
"What a tool"
"After finally getting RES  when I see someone I've upvoted before"
"Whenever I see someone else jamming to the same song in the car next to me..."
"When I found out Ders had the same comforter as me."
"When a customer brings their own bag to my supermarket."
"That feeling when you head nod a black person and they head nod back as a white person"
"Every time I &quot;get that reference&quot;."
"OBAMA"
"Can't Get Me"
"Ride The Fucking Wall"
"At the end of the last day of class..."
"Schools out!"
"Level level: level"
"What I feel like taking out my first school loan."
"As a 25 year old man who just got into a relationship after being single for 7 years."
"Concordia Lutheran Church..."
"So I ran into this church sign the other day..."
"So I ran into this church sign the other day..."
"Not sure how to make downvote GIFs  but this scene from TATBOPE needs to be one. Any takers?"
"Tried karma-whoring for my cakeday. Got this in response... (Fair enough)"
"Excuse me Miss  would you kindly step aside?"
"This is what I think of your cake day."
"Whenever some tries to refute my argument with a block of text."
"Summer reading as a kid (random imgur game)"
"My reaction to all those long religious arguments on facebook posted in r/atheism"
"Oh yea."
"you know your town is ghetto when you see this..."
"I'm the Batman"
"He was not amused"
"Come on  Robin  to the Bat Cave! There's not a moment to lose!"
"He's a silent guardian  a watchful protector... A Dark Cat."
"Feudal style Star Fox"
"Star Fox re-imagined in traditional Japanese art."
"They see me rollin'..."
"Cutest panda ever!"
"whenever I see something funny yet offensive"
"The badassinist."
"NINJA SKILLS"
"What  that? Don't you worry about that."
"Like a boss"
"Amazing reflexes"
"Respect the monkey."
"Say cheese!"
"Jump Around"
"asked my dog if he wanted to go for a walk"
"It's my birthday  so here's my gift to you. It's a dancing otter."
"I guess I am getting an otter now"
"Lightning"
"Just seen this on my Twitter"
"Not sure if serious"
"Basically"
"What should you do if you find an atheist? Probably not hand them this flyer."
"Watch out for those Atheists!"
"These are tricky bastards we're dealing with.."
"awww yeaah  that's the stuff"
"This is just gorgeous"
"Monkeys wearing Bacon Tuxedos. Cyborg Unicorns. Castles. Doughnuts. Reddit  meet your future Ultra-Lord."
"Oh wait  it's a mouse! I was confused there for a second."
"Never piss off a graphic designer."
"Add one cup of love."
"Add one cup of cutes...."
"Fuck you too"
"wolverine style"
"A Picture of Wolverine and PSYclops"
"So Awesome...Wolverine doing Gangnam Style with Psy!"
"Hugh Jackman and PSY dancing Gangnam Style"
"Oppan Jackman Style!"
"Hugh Jackman and PSY dancing Gangnam Style (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Gangnam Style Wolverine ..."
"Wolverine Goes Gangnam Style...There are no words"
"X-Men  Gangnam style"
"Oppa Wolva style! (Psy and Wolverine!)"
"Oppa Psy-clops Style"
"Hugh Jackman.... What are you doing!?!?!?.... Hugh Jackman.... Stahp!!!!"
"So this is how wolverine gets his women..."
"Even Wolverine is powerless against it"
"Wolvarine gangnamn style"
"Wolverine: Gangnam Style"
"Hugh Jackman (The Wolverine) does Gangnam Style with PSY himself!"
"Damn straight Swayze"
"Nobody puts baby in a binder."
"Just saw this on Facebook."
"Dirty Debating"
"No one puts baby there!"
"The Original Karma Whore"
"The original karma whore."
"The Original Karma Whore"
"When my parents start talking about their sex life."
"When I start getting responses from my Monday night drunk texts"
"I cant see any comments in /new"
"How I feel after taking my last final for the semester"
"After two years  I FINALLY finished reading The Lord of the Rings. Closing the book after I had read the last page..."
"How I feel when I'm on a diet"
"Do want!"
"Buy a self propelled mower they said..."
"The worlds edge"
"The edge of the world"
"Close to the town of Eastbourne  south coast of England"
"I hate facebook..."
"The difference between faith and insanity:"
"Vicious Dog Attack Caught on Video"
"Yaaaaawwwnnnom."
"nose bite"
"Why I love scrubs"
"I think we all have been there..."
"Fire crotch."
"Umm ?"
"What the.. ? [X post from r/funny]"
"Meeting a Redditor in real life"
"How I feel on my cakeday"
"Awesome Iceberg"
"Mr. Krabs"
"The border between Belgium and the Netherlands outside a cafe."
"Bartender  make it a double!"
"Well  that's a shame."
"Make it a double."
"Then liquor it is!"
"Don't let anyone tell you what you can't be."
"TIL There's a breed of cats called Munchkins. They have really short legs and are extremely adorable."
"I can haz one?"
"When you see it."
"What is this called?! I need to do this."
"It's like a never ending nightmare."
"My new favorite face swap"
"After shaving my stomach for the first time in years."
"Aww..."
"I had just ONE beer at the party  darling."
"Introducing the Van Damme Band!"
"cock-a-doodle RAHHHHHHHHHHHH"
"Played the Random Imgur Game."
"The Greatest Bloodsport Gif"
"Hello..."
"Look at my horse  my horse is amazing"
"It had to be done...."
"Best WBC counter-protest"
"Andy Murray lol"
"Keep your eye on the ball…"
"Good to know they have an excellent understanding of reddit."
"Beheddit"
"When I text the girl I like and never get replies"
"most dangerous animal in africa as adults  cutest when young"
"hairless guinea pig"
"You don’t control me  I control you  human"
"Things to do when the internet is out..."
"The things I do without Reddit."
"Not Sure How I Feel About That Last One..."
"sweet  gyrating Urkelbot"
"Saw this last night. Sounds legit."
"I saw a commercial for this University of University College University... seems legit."
"John Travolta's merkin stolen from G.I. Joe"
"What were Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta thinking with this one? Wow.."
"A Very Special Christmas Album"
"Cage The Halls!"
"SANDY 2012"
"I live out west  and Hurricane Sandy is really hitting us hard."
"Folding Lava"
"Anarchy in america"
"How I feel when a new razor cartridge cuts me when I shave..."
"does anyone else remember playing with this toy when you were little?"
"Biden gets cozy with biker"
"pizzacat"
"No matter how many times I look at this  I always laugh..."
"As a commuter student every time I get on campus my body decides its explosive diarrhea time."
"Given the new Disney and Star Wars episode 7  8 and 9  this image has never been more appropriate"
"Gay marriage approved in Washington and I couldn't help but think..."
"Thanks a lot  London."
"Just a puppy sitting on another puppy's head.."
"oh hey there"
"Don't touch the stand"
"Cause it's yummie!"
"Gets me every time."
"What is your quest?"
"It's finally my cakeday so I present to you my findings. Home surgery [NSFW: GORE]"
"A friend of mine had an accident a while ago  i asked him how his leg was doing. This was his reply..(he used to be a drug addict) the fuck man.."
"saw this on the subway today... ouch"
"Hand me downs"
"Hand me downs"
"Seen on a Taipei subway."
"Thought you were rid of this  eh? Reposts all up in this bitch!"
"Yeah  Right .."
"The Sun in the 90s - &quot;Computer 'Web' to change billions of lives (Yeah  right)&quot;"
"How the invention of the Internet was reported in 1992."
"Computer &quot;Web&quot; To Change Billions Of Lives (Yeah  Right)"
"Animals Despise Children [.gif gallery]"
"My friend sent me this picture of Theodore Roosevelt."
"I didn't even know what to say."
"I didn't even know what to say."
"I didn't even know what to say."
"Every time I pass the red light camera."
"After winning the all Ireland championship  the members of the Dublin minors went out to celebrate. Only to find Daniel Radcliffe"
"Daniel Radcliffe is a recovering alcoholic and has been dry since August 2010. He's currently in Ireland filming for &quot;The F Word&quot;. Sadly  us pesky Irish have undone all his hard work thanks to the All-Ireland minor winning Dublin football team."
"That's a good doggy.. LOL"
"Believe in America is right for this dog."
"My reaction whenever I see boobs."
"This is gonna fuck up your day"
"Xpost from r/gifsound"
"Nightmare fuel."
"WTF  Japan? Seriously. [NSFW]"
"wtf wtf wtf"
"With a line like that  i just had to buy it."
"With a line like that I had to buy it."
"Way better than a trampoline  I'd say"
"How NOT to change a light bulb."
"I don't know mom the fan just broke."
"Fairy Tale"
"Watercolors"
"Mars  The Red Planet"
"Do you feel it yet?"
"Guess Who"
"Sam is always so intense"
"He wins every time..."
"Does he Look Like a Bitch?"
"Net Worth"
"How very true."
"Sadly..this is true"
"Meanwhile In America"
"Complaining about reposts"
"Repost Rage"
"Repost Rage"
"Maybe the French aren't so bad after all."
"what a cute little... OH COME ON!"
"Googled &quot;Nick Cage as a Baby&quot; Was not disappointed."
"First Imgur random mode click went pretty much as expected"
"Fuck this... I'm becoming a baby..... Fuck yeah...."
"Nicholas Cage in all his glory."
"When a hot girl is talking and I have no idea what she's talking about."
"There are so many aspects that make this shot great."
"Enjoying the Scenery"
"I wasn't mad until i noticed the bedazzled side burn."
"Oh  South Africa"
"This guy's mustache."
"man with an ENORMOUS mustache"
"Hippolas Cage."
"I do not see the difference...do you?"
"What sound does it make?"
"Living The Dream."
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"The golden age of music"
"The golden age of music [fixed]"
"The whole legality issue summed up in a single image"
"Rebellious Asian"
"One Night Stand"
"Darick Doener tow surfing BIG waves Outside Sunset  North Shore  Hawaii"
"During WWII Ireland added signs like these to the headlands to show US aircraft where they were over Ireland. This sign reads &quot;Eire&quot; and is at Malin Head the northernmost point in Ireland"
"The dangers of online chat rooms."
"Hey y'all  does anyone know what the source is for this? Thanks in advance."
"I would have put the punchline in the title if it had got me karma"
"I finally found something for this audio."
"What i wanna do to a Romney Supporter .."
"I Dont Give A Fuck..."
"So I'm now a part of the &quot;Banned from posting in r/Pyongyang club&quot;..."
"Searched google for stuff to post on my cake day... this will do"
"Easily my favorite gif ever."
"oooOO! Waffles!"
"mmmm waffles..."
"Ill just leave this here"
"Canadian Waffles"
"What people thought Michael Jackson would look like in 2000"
"Michael Jackson in the year 2000"
"1985 prediction of what Michael Jackson would look like in the year 2000"
"At least they got his popularity right."
"Michael Jackson  year 2000."
"That exhaust.."
"He must've been 50% black huh?"
"The Danish handball team has humour"
"Party hard in Denmark!"
"This one time  at a party.."
"Perfectly timed"
"French Army Knife"
"The chains of religion"
"don't know if it's a repost...but maybe you'll enjoy this"
"Does anybody know where I can buy a poster of this? Also  my apologies if you disagree with my choice of subreddit."
"exclusively for the winners"
"Winner!"
"Winner!"
"If Video Games Were Easy"
"English  do you speak it? friend of treyshon?"
"Teach 'em while they're young."
"Water was talking to me at a [7] last night (from r/funny)"
"drink your water."
"This is the best thing i have seen on the internet today."
"Water  You Scare Me."
"Hydration is key."
"Water  why you gotta go there?"
"I need to get this scratching post for my cat."
"My cousin's way of requesting more booze"
"The truth behind r/pics"
"Stumbled upon someones awesome cover pic on Facebook and had to share it with Reddit"
"My friend asked  &quot;what's reddit like?&quot; I replied with this picture."
"NEVER FORGET"
"is it too soon?"
"&quot;Free Flip Flops?&quot; - SMASH!"
"Flip Flop Prank"
"Flipflops and Glue hilarious prank.."
"This guy must have had like 8 pairs of testicles."
"This is the most bad-ass thing I've ever read. I just became 10 degrees manlier by reading it."
"This is how reddit works  right?"
"Reddit in one simple picture..."
"Reddit in one picture"
"recently reddit."
"Googled &quot;space&quot; was not disappointed."
"I believe I can touch the sky..."
"Just started reddit and all my pics are on the front page. This is how I feel."
"Reddit  I heard you like Space Jam and Cats"
"The circle of life"
"We're going to need a bigger crane..."
"Me whenever I read about a huge weed bust near my hometown."
"How I feel when I post something original and it receives no upvotes"
"I just realized...[FIXED]"
"Boss is still out of town for Christmas while I'm at work."
"How I feel tomorrow will still go for most of us..."
"about to get off work and"
":)"
"It has worked for 3 other redditors."
"During the summer  this is me..."
"Tuesday after a long weekend."
"How it feels waking up at 2pm"
"Work + Reddit"
"When an ugly girl starts making moves on me at a party"
"No Elmo you can't tickle hobos on the subway."
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'"
"Happy Birthday America"
"Hitching a ride"
"When I switch between threads without noticing and read the comments"
"Where are people getting all these life-like humming bird models?"
"taste my sweet axe bitch"
"What the hell happened last night..."
"Wheee!!"
"Don't turn around  just keep swimming!"
"Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope."
"Cat + mouse = love"
"Me as a kid when i didn't get attention at a family gathering"
"0-BAM-a"
"Can someone tell me what the fuck is going on here?"
"Blew my mind [4]"
"So Dalai Lama was in my hometown of Syracuse today. Looks like they convinced him to wear an SU visor!"
"Yaaaaayyy! Shit.....yaaaaaayyyy!"
"YEEEEAAHHHOW"
"Derp"
"1984"
"Think Different"
"How I felt doing my duty as a Knight of New for 4 hours tonight..."
"99 def + 99 range"
"So... I just saw The Expendables 2 today."
"Weird Al is....RAMBO"
"Puppy in training."
"Atomic bomb Baker test on what USED to be an Eastern Pacific Island"
"Sumo kid exprains crothes."
"Well... He ain't got a thing on me!"
"&quot;Where are you man?? I'm just gonna... UHH... ?!&quot;"
"Hate it when this happens..."
"I think I'll just stick with fishing..."
"Skill Required vs Fame"
"This is how I feel everytime I agree with someone on reddit."
"yup"
"I felt sleepy/happy after watching this a few times"
"Slow days on Reddit"
"When a clothing store doesn't carry my size."
"It has been a loooong day..."
"Waiting on you"
"How it feels forgetting my cakeday..."
"Could you give a hug to this poor sad kitten?"
"Me at home because no one wants to celebrate my birthday today with me."
"He never saw it coming"
"I just realized I missed my cake day yesterday..."
"My last training"
"STREET FIGHTERS!!!"
"Vamana vs Vamana"
"How I see my boss and his mother when they argue in the office"
"Level 1 Teamfights"
"Pro Sparring"
"It's Tuesday."
"first week of the semester and this is me"
"What I do with my notes after finals."
"Looking for something to post for my cakeday..."
"when I get off reddit"
"When the girl I like doesn't like me back"
"How I feel on Mondays."
"How I felt realizing I missed my cakeday."
"My attitude anywhere after the first five weeks of classes"
"After finally asking the girl I like to homecoming  she says two days before it  &quot;You know we're going as friends  right?&quot;"
"I just realized it's my cake day and I haven't got anything to post."
"How I feel on fridays"
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"How I feel every week this year trying to pick games in company NFL pool"
"TIL that I have to wear glasses for the rest of my life...pretty much sums up how I'm feeling right now"
"Whenever I found out Disney is making a Star Wars VII"
"When I realized I missed my cake day by 4 days"
"Just finished Season 4..."
"Downvoting a comment with one point"
"BOO YEAH"
"Happy Fourth of July!"
"When I downvote the post with 1 karma ruthlessly"
"How I feel the world views us Americans."
"Mary-Kate Olsen with her 42 year old French boyfriend  Olivier Sarkozy..."
"Someone...help...me"
"Someone...help...me"
"Lets hope it doesn't get to this point"
"New York during Hurrican Sandy"
"Holy shit New York is getting pummeled"
"So that's where the hole came from..."
"Yeah I farted  jealous?"
"Oh! Dat ass...."
"Your Magic Underwear is Showing..."
"and just like that  her life was ruined."
"help me caption this"
"Oh so exploitable..."
"Dinoriders"
"Dinosaurs and Aliens"
"Best gif I've seen all week"
"this entrance alone would be enough to put him back in office."
"How it feels reading the comment sections in r/atheism"
"MJs reaction to Penn State sex scandal"
"My face every year as the &quot;War on Christmas&quot; debate heats up"
"r/Politics after the State of the Union address"
"My reaction to the ongoing Limbaugh fallout"
"I spent the night watching my ex fighting with her new boyfriend on her Facebook wall"
"Maury Povich on the inside"
"MFW I am actually eating popcorn and laughing at links"
"HIFW I found out yesterday about my ex girlfriend  who just got engaged to some low life who already left her in a past relationship"
"Me next map after all the new factional drama begins"
"How I feel waiting for Fox News to fuck something up..."
"When your crush is behind you..."
"Reddit's reaction to anything related to Morgan Freeman."
"Irony?"
"I don't even know what to say about this"
"don't remember seeing this episode."
"So I was watching some old Disney films today when suddenly...Nazis."
"Sharing is caring"
"Smashing!!!"
"I guess it's Twinkie day"
"Keep on truckin'!"
"Roller Dog"
"This pup is gonna go places"
"When I'm introduced to someone"
"Scumbag turtle.."
"Get a grip!"
"Let me explain..."
"Superman meets Dr. Who."
"Silly superman!"
"This is quite possibly the most elaborate comic I have ever laid my eyes on"
"It scares me to think of how many opportunities I've missed because I thought like this"
"Probably One Of The Best Comics I've Seen"
"Some men..."
"Some people just wanna see the world burn"
"real nigga haiku"
"Stay classy  America."
"69"
"New Jersey Beaches  before and after Hurricane Sandy"
"Obama says &quot;No biggie!&quot;"
"ALL I can think of  upon hearing the news."
"America today."
"2nd term you say?"
"Surreal reflections in Iceland"
"Surreal Reflections – Iceland"
"Oh shit!"
"OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCK!"
"OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCK!"
"This must be how all the good looking women in my office feel when they walk by my male co-workers and I."
"Oh shit  Oh shit  Oh shitttttttttttt!"
"Oh deer..."
"Oh deer..."
"An Awesome picture of Snoop Dogg and Willie Nelson"
"Just a cat woman walking tip toe on bottles. Nothing to see here."
"Spongebob at his night job"
"Right in the childhood. Thanks Facebook"
"Seems legit"
"After further review..."
"and Roger Federer wins the Super Bowl with an alley oop"
"hurr durr"
"Current state of the NFL..."
"My feelings on the game last night"
"After further review..."
"I may not know kung fu  but I know crazy!"
"Mustard Guy"
"Are there any captions that could possibly explain this picture?.."
"If I fits?"
"So I decided to learn how to use photoshop. Things are coming along nicely."
"fuck ya weights"
"This Is Kinda Weird"
"This is kinda weird (X-post from /r/wtf)"
"oh i got headache from this wine"
"Ladies and gents  meet Beluga the seal-pup"
"I don't even..."
"seal-dog"
"What today may go like for many Americans"
"Commenting after something is already on the front page."
"How it feels trying to submit a successful link on reddit"
"Attempting to delete my facebook"
"How I feel downvoting a link on the top page."
"The irony of trying to fight off reposts"
"How I feel trying to get my post to the front page."
"Helps scare the shit out of you."
"That better be some strong glass..."
"Should I steal Hitler's wallet?"
"A suit made entirely out of mirrors (x-post from /r/pics)"
"How i imagine Apostolate's House"
"reddit is under a heavy load."
"Shouldn't these be down arrows? &quot;Reddit is under heavy load&quot;"
"First World Reddit Problem"
"So  My Dog Likes Upvotes"
"Reddit  do you even lift?"
"The more famous they are  the better they taste."
"Alf Likes Reddits Obsession With Cats"
"This guy doesn't give a shit about karma"
"Reddit public enemy #1"
"Why reddit hates Bush."
"why i get annoyed with /wtf: &quot;picture of my friend on facebook from their trip to zimbabwe&quot;"
"And this is why I hate my brother..."
"Asshole"
"My Eyes Are Up Here"
"To the douche bag 35 year old bartenders more concerned with filling freshmen girls with Bud Lights than good service: Why I don't tip you."
"This guy ruined everything"
"How I feel submitting something to Reddit"
"Here is my favorite gif involving cake for my first cake day"
"My reaction when one of my students today told me it must be difficult for non-Christians to make art  because they don't know what true beauty is...."
"When at home with a girl and Dad comes by; starts talking things that should not be heard."
"I accidentally mentioned our sex life to my girlfriend's parents"
"MoP is just a week away....."
"What Blizzard Is Doing To Everyone Logging Into MOP"
"What Blizzard Is Doing To Everyone Logging Into MOP"
"How I feel at 40 years old browsing Reddit."
"My first thoughts about F7U12"
"I'm Not Understanding the Hatred of the &quot;New&quot; Section."
"So I just checked the front page for the first time today..."
"What did I do before?"
"After not being on Reddit for a week"
"all of us at midnight"
"Basically all day for me"
"Every day.. [college student]"
"Sometimes My Mind Wanders in Weird Ways"
"How I feel browsing F7U12"
"In my response to all these &quot;friend zones.&quot; I feel downvotes coming."
"I've noticed a lot of comics with this dilema"
"I've been noticing this a lot lately"
"I can't be the only one"
"How I feel as an Australian redditor at any hour"
"Reddit Adventures: r/AskReddit"
"My thoughts after discovering this subreddit"
"My poor originality"
"Surprise!"
"This is confusing to me."
"new favorite neighbor"
"Awesome trash can!"
"Chicken nuggets"
"Fantastic. Simply Fantastic"
"Free Candy"
"They just added season 8 of The Office to Netflix. I just remembered why I love this .gif so much."
"How I expect my friends to react when I receive 1000 upvotes."
"Star Wars Episode V in GIF form"
"Star Wars"
"When I am drunk trying to decide who to talk to...."
"i give you the beautiful sport of synchronized swimming..."
"Baby's first hyperspace jump."
"THE THINGS THAT I SAW"
"Dubstep Scares Baby"
"How I feel going on r/WTF while drunk"
"Any Colour You Like"
"What my first experience of /r/spacedicks looked like"
"The beautiful Jal Mahal (Jaipur  India)"
"Happy 61st Birthday Bill Fucking Murray!"
"Happy 61st Birthday Bill Fucking Murray! [FIXED]"
"To the people in r/new who make my reddit experience so awesome for so long this is for you."
"Who's awesome?"
"The only thing I can think when people tell me they have swag."
"Just an Armadillo Lizard (Cordylus cataphractus)"
"Romney stops by a Chipotle  scares minority employees"
"Romney stops in Chipotle for the most awkward photo op ever"
"Mitt goes to Chipotle"
"Mitt goes to Chipotle"
"I can see his magic underwear guys."
"He's so cute I'd wanna eat him too"
"Ouch you're biting my nose!"
"aw nom"
"The stupid is strong with this one."
"Apparently  Roosevelt was as big about slavery as the other 2"
"Space Shuttle After a Night in Inglewood"
"Wipeout"
"Wipeout!"
"Fuck the Rules"
"Breaking the law"
"Disrespect That Turtle!"
"YOU WANT SOME OF THIS!?"
"What you say?"
"I hope that I never have to meet this cow"
"Pretty much how I feel when I'm playing Alistar"
"So I joined this community one year ago today  come at me."
"30x Nope Closeup."
"I don't care for these little guys  but he looks pretty cool."
"Best way to win a pie eating contest."
"Are you talking to me?"
"When I'm having dinner with people I don't know."
"When my girlfriend and her mother get in an argument while I'm around"
"My ear broke"
"My cat does this ALL the time"
"My life with my cat..."
"My Ear!"
"Living alone with a cat"
"Brownie Husband"
"Everytime I see someone bitching about repost"
"Thor's Hammer"
"Kitten Heart cuteness. (may be a repost  but it was too adorable)"
"I think they like eachother"
"School Teacher does what she does as a school teacher."
"There are three different kinds of people"
"Fucking Florida."
"How I feel after walking to work this morning..."
"Is it humid today?"
"As someone who lives in Texas  this is my favourite."
"Will Smith vs the force"
"When I think I have a chance with a girl but get turned down"
"Blastoise Schmidts fantabulous keyboard jam"
"Although it looks like 2 images  it's actually only 1 mind-bending picture"
"Found this little hombre"
"I see your vampire hedgehog  and you raise you this mexican hedgehog"
"Water tension"
"Laminar Boundary Layer Flow"
"Sometimes when I'm sad..."
"You need a good knife."
"Found this picture of Emma Watson  and had to do a double take"
"North Korea launches rocket"
"North Korean launch X2.."
"Nailed it."
"Nailed It ?"
"How I feel when Friday night plans don't push through"
"*Insert clever pun here*"
"He's on his way to Catnip rehab"
"The Spicy Keychain"
"The Classic Spicy Keychain"
"How could you  Dominic!?"
"Ah  yes. The Ol' Spicy Keychain..."
"Hello?"
"Confused Pokemon"
"Wat."
"My reaction after not browsing reddit for a couple days and seeing the new confession bears"
"Bush at the greatest moment of his presidency."
"Pokeball  go!"
"Pokemon Vs Bush"
"My Favorite gif"
"First attempt:fail. Second attempt:success!"
"He appeared to be caught"
"Choking in porn."
"Student Presentation Day"
"I went on r/spacedicks for the first time today"
"My reaction when I wander off to /r/popping"
"When a professor tells you they don't take attendance."
"when i see an NSFW link and it is someone dying"
"Looks like someone needs a nap"
"You got to fight..."
"Beastie Boys tribute at the airport"
"He loves the camera"
"Timberwolves"
"Accidental optical illusion."
"How I feel when people say I'm too old to watch cartoons."
"Finished my Spanish 232 Exam early and got to leave... My reaction?"
"My signing off gif for any chat with anyone"
"Paid a bill and got this..."
"Paid a bill and got this..."
"This guy would like the internet."
"The Original WTF"
"My exact disposition discovering reddit for the first time"
"My friend had a very productive day..."
"Thirty years of music. [Got pissed off at the speed of the gif."
"Well  I guess I didn't really *have* to sleep tonight..."
"Nightmare-grade WTF"
"I imagine this is what those of you with Coulrophobia see clowns as."
"Don't you just love a good clown!"
"Clowns do not feed on &quot;Happiness&quot; of Children."
"...wut?"
"Clowns"
"How to finish that last minute assignment"
"I no longer fear deadlines!"
"ATTN Students."
"Does this work?"
"WARMMMM!!!!!"
"Why does it look like everyone is laughing at me?"
"What you guys laughing at?"
"My first time visiting r/clopclop"
"Every time when I'm on 4chan..."
"Things I love about Internet Explorer"
"CRUSH vs FRIENDS"
"OK"
"i wish i could."
"Genie Dilemmas"
"Poor genie.."
"Breaking the system."
"I googled &quot;Man Baby&quot;... I was quite happy with the results."
"My Fav Faceswap"
"So that's where that came from!"
"How did I not see this before?"
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours."
"You scratch my back I'll scratch yours [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"Try looking at the middle one  then letting the right one turn clockwise and the left one counterclockwise  mind=devastated"
"Everyone loves a good mind-fuck"
"How to tell the difference between Chinese and Japanese people - According the the US War Department."
"This beautifully summarizes my feelings of regret when she moved across the country."
"Apple Maps"
"Serenity 2 ( Perhaps more daunting )"
"I want to be right here"
"3.86 semester GPA? Don't mind if I do."
"Jeff Bridges"
"Jeff Bridges"
"Meanwhile in McDonalds"
"Ronald Mcdonald showing his other side."
"My favorite love story. A man  and the truth...."
"Problem with your new gaming mouse?"
"When I'm late because I had to get high first..."
"This is on my mind every time I watch Ancient Aliens."
"Who won the race?"
"My mom asks why I'm suddenly drinking a litre of mango juice every night"
"How to get karma on Reddit"
"How do I ever get anything done? Oh  wait.."
"The Voyager is the first man-made object in interstellar travel. We all know whats coming next!"
"When My Friends Ask How I've Been Single For So Long"
"I wasted my lunch on this."
"Reddit lately. [FIXED]"
"Paint"
"Meanwhile... in New Jersey"
"Go home shark  you're drunk"
"Lynfect's AMA"
"If you havin' girl problems I feel bad for you son..."
"What the first Native Hawaiians saw as they sailed on their canoes in the middle of the pacific ocean many centuries ago"
"COCAINE"
"This bear sure does love cocaine"
"Wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man is a jack of all trades"
"My first thought after seeing all these pictures from New York."
"How I picture hurricane Sandy living in Colorado"
"WTF is this all about?"
"Every redditor's worst nightmare"
"What kind of question is this?!"
"Oh god.. I honestly don't think I can pick.."
"Sad but true (x-post from r/funny)"
"We Are Stronger!"
"Really?! 16%!"
"I wonder how many women are into her..."
"Betty just step over the rope"
"I can't stop laughing"
"betty got hops"
"I don't know what she was expecting"
"Elemental."
"Seth  is that you?"
"Cap Lincoln"
"Pimping in a cardigan."
"Never ceases to make me laugh."
"Mr. Rogers gets down"
"Mr. Rogers has too much swag."
"Wink... &quot;BOING!&quot;"
";/"
"Boing"
"I don't know where I'd get to use this  but it's great"
"Colorful lightning"
"The anti Facebook."
"r/awww doesn't like my fish and I have no idear why."
"This is how it begins..."
"wow  Koala's look pretty scary when wet.."
"The scariest koala ever"
"Wet koalas are not as cute as dry ones even when not 'shopped"
"Prepare your anus!"
"it's hard to hate 4chan."
"When corgis collide"
"Morning Dew Vs Dragonfly"
"yo girl  is your name Google?"
"A fire whirl. Absolutely nuts"
"Fire tornado! My day has been made!"
"meanwhile in Australia... Who needs to worry about hurricanes"
"A fire tornado in Australia"
"How I feel when I'm in a crowded place and hear my name"
"Well that eliminates pretty much everyone..."
"Does he look like a bitch?"
"When I looked at my karma points today..."
"When I looked at my karma points today..."
"Sandy got your hair Mr Trump?"
"Hurricane Sandy Already Wreaking Havoc on NYC Landmarks"
"I just got a job that is relevant to my major!!!!"
"After getting promoted at work..."
"My reaction when I finish hours of mundane homework."
"Hey! I was wondering if anybody could help me out. I'm new to Redd-"
"Where is the Mia guys  Seriously...."
"Suggesting &quot;Who's Line&quot; isn't funny on Reddit..."
"Ze irrelevant elephant."
"How I feel when my posts get ignored"
"Voting 3rd party"
"Every time a truck drives by that isn't your Fedex package"
"How I feel when I find something funny to post on Reddit  but it's already been posted"
"When the serial code for an old game doesn't want to work."
"How I feel when something I post gets down voted to oblivion on my cake day"
"Took a break from Reddit for a few days  came back today to discover my cake day was yesterday."
"Whenever I lose in the 4th quarter in madden"
"So Brave: ft. NTD  MC Sagan and R Paul"
"The most ridiculous and hilarious gif I've ever seen"
"I found this out accidentally  was mildly amused."
"Please Stop Touching Me!"
"&quot;Spread Irony&quot;"
"YEAH!"
"Political discourse is important  but some comments just cross the line of basic human decency."
"chicago teachers protesting went to far"
"The clear reason why we're on strike. A little childish I know  but if you don't stand for something  you'll fall for anything."
"Lamborghini Mercy"
"Not sure I would want to drink vagetarian coffee or whatever flavour this is...."
"Yes  I think I'll have a Brown 25 double espresso..."
"2 girls  1 cup of coffee"
"Sickest stage ever."
"Coolest stage I ever seen!"
"Floating festival stage from Austria [pic]"
"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban... WTF?"
"[x-post from /r/wtf] Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban... WTF?"
"&quot;Hey  show some manners!&quot;"
"Lovely day for a bike ride"
"Exemplary Parenting..."
"The Redditor's Duckface"
"&quot;Got something there on your face  chap&quot;"
"Ayo Pops"
"Hello from the Middle East. I humbly submit this request to American redditors."
"HOLY CRAP"
"Team Work"
"Need a lift? Panda Style."
"Panda helping his friend up a tree."
"My face while taking a dump after eating at Taco Bell"
"Nope. Nope."
"mommy and her spiderlets"
"Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope (NSFL)"
"Dude."
"Helping my friENT off the couch at a [9] to get some munchies"
"Earth rising"
"Whenever I go to the club these days..."
"I'm only in my mid 20s but already feel like this"
"Moves like Kuzco"
"9th Date"
"My friend spotted this a board in London on her lunch break"
"Dinner Dinner Dinner Dinner"
"Dinner x8 BATMAN"
"-Dwight Schrute"
"How I imagine people from other countries picturing me once they find out I'm American."
"Lower-Case"
"photobomb"
"photobomb [FIXED]"
"Pile-driver 2.0"
"One of those 'worth a thousand words' pictures"
"Just a myth getting busted. That is all."
"Myth BUSTED"
"You're a big fat phony!"
"You're a big fat phony! *[FIXED]"
"The futur of dashboards is here"
"I think with soap will be a hit."
"Best Soap yet."
"Calculus and Statistics in the same semester was a bad choice."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Swag Surfin"
"Getting out of the shower after several days of greasy hair"
"Saw the .gif  immediately thought of this"
"How I feel when I score a date."
"Easily the coolest two frames in comic book history."
"Redheads"
"Happy to get this Comic reference  you?"
"Bros."
"A true work of art"
"Was watching The Big Bang Theory the other day n I saw a logo on Sheldons t-shirt n thought 'hey  I know that logo'."
"I wish I knew the back story to this photo...."
"It's never too early to start."
"But it's gonna turn out great!"
"My Favorite GIF... Guns  humping  ect..."
"Meanwhile in Bangkok (Pun intended)"
"Best friends..."
"Map of scientific collaborations from 2005 to 2009 [4500x2250] [crosspost 'TheDaninator' from /r/dataisbeautiful]"
"The Glorious European Scientific Union"
"iPhone 5 special delivery"
"So Dr. Claw  We heard you like claws. So we Invented a Claw machine you can catch claws and....(well you know the rest)"
"Clawception"
"Clawception"
"How i felt when i came home and saw the new facebook page."
"when the girl i like tells me that we're just freinds"
"Just spent five minutes on 9gag  serious wtf is that shit hole of a website?"
"Dragon linguistics (x-post from /r/skyrim)"
"Well you can't prove otherwise"
"In reply to PewterCityGymLdr's recent post  I return with this."
"I just can't take this picture seriously... It's a dog... surfing (source in comments)"
"This dog looks board"
"Out of my way Bitchessss"
"The latest in Domo Kun fashion"
"A head balancing on two bodies"
"Mind Fuck"
"Un-friendzoned [FB] [Fixed]"
"How i think of Environmentalists"
"More stuff like this? Plitvice Lake National Park  Croatia"
"Freddie Mercury in a reddit shirt"
"Pictures like this make me so grateful of our technology"
"Owl mid flight"
"After having dinner at a shady Indian food place."
"MFW I found out Science can turn stem cells into Bacon."
"Finally something good in my newsfeed!"
"When I see something I upvoted in r/new hit the front page."
"When I see something I upvoted in r/new hit the front page."
"Grandad used to go to the store..."
"Good old days."
"Yeah  it's really that cold."
"Only in Michigan….Does Hell actually freeze over."
"I recently got a lot of new Wii games. They didn't have cases so I made my own &quot;custom&quot; cases."
"Saw this on a scuba diving website"
"This image brought me to reddit and it never fails to cheer me up"
"Bear Attack"
"Got a light bub?"
"Because I don't want to be eaten by a raw chicken"
"What in the...?"
"It is what it is"
"A trout smoking a cigarette while wearing a chicken. Why?"
"How about a cigarette with your Chicken Fish?"
"Fishcken smoking."
"My productive friends at work..."
"fish. chicken. fish."
"Who are you calling a chicken?"
"happy thanksgiving"
"You may not understand."
"yesterday the president came to town. a local business decided to send the secret service a message."
"Lightning at Huntington Beach  Bay Village  Ohio"
"Lightning at Huntington Beach  Bay Village  Ohio"
"The Power of Glasses™"
"Does laughing make me a bad person?"
"Wilfordpuss Brimleycat"
"Riding a horse ...like a baus."
"What just happened?"
"How I see myself when riding a horse."
"bored"
"Someone asked me what it's like being a christian. Well..."
"TIL That Deadpool is a dick."
"This has got to be the cutest picture on the Internet."
"sometimes you just gotta watch the baby sloth"
"Wierd?"
"Pretty sure this is a repost  but we all need to be reminded from time to time..."
"aww...Wtf?!?"
"Here kitty kitty..."
"googled 'catfish'. was not disappointed"
"This is how many people around the world see the U.S."
"“No tornado gonna take ma home!” Yeeeeee haw!!"
"Redneck Tornado Warning"
"We just had a few tornadoes in Texas"
"'Merica! (Currently being spread in Dallas)"
"How we react to bad weather in Texas"
"How I felt in Dallas today..."
"How I felt all day"
"How Texas natives in New York are responding to Hurricane Sandy."
"I Am Kitten  and This Shadow Shall Be Mine!"
"Pargoat"
"Scumbag little goat"
"Deal With It"
"i could watch this all day"
"hey goat  ima boop your head!"
"Oh Deer God."
"How I fight in my dreams..."
"How every single one of my black friends act on ecstasy."
"Magical Dream Time."
"Hes never drinking again..."
"Forever party hard"
"Not one fuck was given that day."
"How I feel when my girlfriend wakes me up in the morning."
"How my girlfriend feels when I wake up wanting sex."
"How a girl must feel trying cowgirl for the first time. (Fixed.)"
"When my wife's not in the mood..."
"It's the only way!"
"I watched 10 hours of FMA today. I kept thinking this."
"soon"
"Redditor for 11 months..."
"NOPE !!"
"My brother just started watching Breaking Bad and is taking his time enjoying every second of it. This is me at least 3 times a day."
"NOPE !"
"Fifa diving"
"Every FIFA game ever"
"You're going to see a lot of in the next few day  so let's get the obvious ones out of the way"
"Fifa diving X-Post /r/gaming"
"If this was football sounded  I would watch the shit out of it."
"Every FIFA Game against a 12 year old."
"After I realize that I misspelled something in the Title"
"I just met you..."
"Look into my crystal balls..... and then my tights."
"How to troll"
"Getting 800 Karma in a matter of hours"
"My reaction to waking up and studying in the morning."
"Finals"
"How I feel about writing my own wedding vows:"
"Need For Speed: Pensioner Edition"
"Carl Fucking Sagan"
"Oh  you're going to call your senator to tell them how important it is the raise NASA's budget?"
"5.013 seconds  beat that PUNY HUMANS!!!"
"Rubik solving Lego robot"
"Tank man: the bigger picture"
"You May Know of The Infamous Tienanmen Square Picture  But That's Only A Small Part of This Amazing Image!"
"Uncropped Tian An Men Square Tank Man"
"Sometimes I forget how alone we really are."
"You are enormously insignificant"
"how I react when a girl replies to my text message with 'k.'"
"Oh god what have I done!"
"The &quot;what have I done?!&quot; panda"
"Everytime I make a spelling error on reddit"
"I sent 2 friends to /r/spacedicks without having actually been there myself ... then I went there"
"True so true."
"Meanwhile in Washington and Colorado..."
"That's some interesting news."
"Because that would be delicious!"
"High Art."
"Why am I here? (fixed)"
"God loves Spanish desserts"
"Existential dessert crisis"
"Me when I'm trying to force my music on my friends"
"How I feel trying to hook my friend on a song I am in to."
"Showing my friend a song I like"
"Bale Bumpin"
"Batman's new stereo"
"Hey Paul listin to this Ax!"
"Poor Milhouse"
"How I feel when no one likes my 'Funny' post"
"How I feel as a Redditor in Eastern North Carolina with the global Reddit meetup this weekend."
"My favorite soccer flop"
"Brutal soccer fight"
"How I see people who thinks the 9/11 is a conspiracy"
"Yo dawg.. Slide"
"Why didn't I learn this as a freshman!?"
"Amazingly lucky"
"Three awesome biking gifs"
"Is that.....bad?"
"Train stations in Wales are A LOT friendlier!"
"Are you trying to seduce me?"
"NFL officials. Seems about right..."
"Just a little puppy"
"So small!"
"Elvis would be proud"
"Greatest teen role model"
"Just shake it"
"How I act when my gf takes me out shopping"
"How my cat acts when I put her on a lease."
"They tried to make me go"
"Woman drags her dead cat across the beach  all for that karma."
"how my gf takes me shopping"
"Come on.. it'll be fun!"
"On the edge of glory"
"Meanwhile on a ledge..."
"A Fine Balance - saw this off my fb feed"
"Petting my cat is certainly out of the question..."
"Fearless"
"Careful..."
"Y.O.L.O?"
"Reddit  meet The Fearless Cat."
"Cockroaches[Fixed]"
"Philosoprator on Cougars"
"Upon reading that Mississippi voters killed the law that would've defined conception as the beginning of life"
"Philosaraptor Skyrim"
"Who should I vote for?"
"That time of month"
"Philosoraptor on the virgin birth"
"PHILOSORAPTOR 2012!"
"And why would people rather read Harry Potter?"
"I think this could be problematic..."
"Philosoraptor on mooning"
"Philosoraptor on looks"
"Thought of this in holister today"
"Mother of god..."
"Philosorapthor has found yet another flaw with the 6 days of creation."
"Dad..."
"Just a surprised puppy about to be photographed"
"The real Business Cat takes a meeting"
"Don't blame you  they are pretty sour"
"Aww Shit..."
"I hate it when that happens!"
"This picture always makes me smile"
"Aww shit!"
"Don't you hate when this happens to you!?"
"Always practice safe fishing techniques"
"Dropping a grenade"
"Dropping a grenade right next to a boat"
"booom."
"Boom BoomBoomBoom!!"
"Why so serious  Reddit?"
"Saw this gem on Facebook today."
"Still my favorite picture on the internet"
"found while playing imgur roulette"
"I got it!!!"
"Oh Hai"
"Good way to avoid an argument."
"interesting James Bond statistic"
"Good Morning! [Pic]"
"This happens way too often."
"FBF meets FBtF"
"Anyone else doing this right now?"
"What are candy companies thinking."
"Obligatory Cake day bachelor frog"
"My dressing logic.."
"Clint Dempsey Mocking Jamaican Soccer Player."
"There's nothing better than a PB &amp; J in the morning."
"POW! Right in the kisser"
"Well... that was close!"
"Everyone in my class when I'm late."
"My male friend told me he was a lesbian"
"A Christian friend of mine just told me that &quot;God is making Chick-Fil-A healthy for the good people buying it  but it isn't seen by scientists because God doesn't want Satan's Army to know the secret.&quot;"
"My reaction to commercials on the radio during a &quot;commercial free hour&quot;"
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"5th grader problems"
"Fuck this guy"
"Fuck this guy."
"Haha"
"When someone comes into my work five minutes until closing..."
"When I walked into a new class after a schedule change and the only open seat was in front of my Ex"
"my reaction to links my friends send me from spacedicks"
"When I realize I have all the same classes as the biggest douche in my school"
"What I imagine my girlfriend's reaction was when she accidentally sent a picture of her boobs to her boss instead of me."
"Went to the toilet at work  left my phone charging"
"Who else did you expect?"
"Any time I try to correct my professor"
"When I upvote a negative comment"
"When I upvote a negative post [x-post/gifs]"
"Missions [PIC]"
"50 years of space exploration"
"Pictorial Guide to Attentive Parenting"
"Don't stare at her boobs  don't stare at her boobs. OH FUCK STARE AT HER BOOBS!"
"GOTTA LET EVERYONE KNOW"
"Beating tetris!"
"Tetris Vs Contra"
"Beating Tetris like a boss"
"Oh  Jaykwon"
"Why I don't click on posts that have &quot; How I feel right now&quot; or &quot; How I feel about blah blah&quot; in the title."
"When somebody uses 9Gag and Reddit in the same sentence (FIXED)"
"How Sweden thinks about the fucks England gave to the American viewing Canada..."
"mom came home; room smells like pot."
"Does anyone know who she is? [NSFW]"
"I think we have a problem here"
"Wrong story for this guy to cover..."
"Well this is awkward..."
"The best thing about hospital placements. Everyone uses handgel and ends up like..."
"What's Up  Doc?"
"aye bbygurl"
"Just showed up on my newsfeed"
"Say cheese!"
"New addition to the Reddit Karma Store"
"The reddit coat. Just in time for winter"
"Heard you like cats.."
"The Reddit Coat!"
"I'm going to take a wild guess and say that she likes cats."
"Horse photo bombs weddig"
"Timing can sometimes make things terrifying...."
"It had to be done..."
"Ermehgerd!"
"I just don't get tired of this gif"
"Anyone here a Brony?"
"My face when I'm staring at the clock 5 minutes before I can leave work."
"vibrator on full blast"
"bout to be kicked in the face"
"Aww It's fatherly love.... wait.... NOPE!!!"
"I can feel it kicking!"
"A new breakthrough in stem cell research"
"m or f"
"I walked past the Apple store today"
"Da fuck you lookin' at?"
"Angry Birds has nothing on this guy."
"Just a picture of a Shoebill."
"Just Batman and Robin..."
"Proud Momma"
"I can't even describe it!"
"Something compelling about this photo.."
"What my boyfriend got me for Valentine's Day"
"First thing I did with the new ERMAHGERD generator. I made myself laugh way too hard."
"Hey Reddit! I'm now officially the only one of my three siblings to graduate from High School!!!"
"Only 30 minutes left in my cake day and I didn't even realize it until now.. So here's my favorite gif since as long as I can remember"
"How I feel when I finish an exam first and walk out"
"Just Vincs McMahon doing Vince McMahon stuff."
"Amazing room."
"AAAAAAWWWWW YYYEEEEEAAAAAHHHH!"
"Underweight and near death  this otter cub was rescued from the side of a road. Here he is now."
"The only argument ever needed."
"What Would Sam Harris do?"
"It must have been the cat"
"What kind of job can I get with my psychology degree?"
"My favorite Discovery channel show"
"Supermarket overkill: the colors of advertisement"
"This guy. This fucking guy."
"How I feel when I hit my ingrown toenail"
"How I felt when my friend told me I could have Reeses for breakfast"
"Roller coaster in the ocean  from Helicopter"
"The setup on my work machine."
"And he was like are you furr real?"
"Seeing Stars"
"Milkyway over the Loch Ard Gorge"
"The Australian coast. I wish I lived here."
"Splashed across the darkness."
"Can't...stop...staring. [NSFW]"
"Emotional Scars"
"One of the profound quotes ever said"
"Emotional Scars"
"Haters gonna hate. Hard."
"Home Depot's dungeon aisle"
"Some people just need one aisle for all their &quot;supplies&quot;.."
"Since when did they make an aisle for rapist..."
"They see me Rollin'"
"How Obama truly killed Osama."
"When I'm in a bad mood..."
"Why I can't post anything in r/politics (not OC)"
"Whenever someone says something good about Romney on reddit"
"Sums up my first post pretty accurately."
"I made this for my Cake Day yesterday  but got distracted. Browsing. Reddit."
"I made this for my Cake Day yesterday  but got distracted. Browsing. Reddit. [Resubmitted due to r/pics removal. No need to upvote!]"
"It's my 2 year cake day and I got nothin'. Here's a relevant pic I found by googling 'Cake Day'"
"This is entirely too accurate"
"So apparently I've joined the 2 year club."
"What happens to you when you join the 2 year club."
"After typing random letters after the imgur URL I get... wait  what? [NSFW]"
"Well that doesn't seem quite right..."
"What the hell happened to this gif??"
"Prepare for Takeoff..."
"Today I've been on reddit for 2 years. Here's a picture of Endeavor as a thank you for being awesome."
"The power of the Space Shuttle taking off captured in all its glory [1920x1277]"
"Launch."
"one week from today will be my first day as a full teacher"
"How I Always Feel The First Day Of School"
"because olympics"
"because Olympics [Fixed]"
"Watering the plants"
"Don't know if this is a repost but either way this is amazing."
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Squad Meme"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"This is fucking amazing"
"all i want to do is. and. and take your food"
"I like my popcorn a bit burnt."
"Going down on a chick - Viewpoint from the average gay man..."
"I have no words."
"I asked my friend what he was doing  and he sent me this. I'm a little worried for his sanity."
"a little erotic"
"I asked my friend what he was doing  and he sent me this. I'm a little worried for his sanity. (X from WTF)"
"Taco so good"
"This monkey loves the taco! So cute!"
"My photoshopping skill is...bad."
"I think this gif belongs here"
"Sasquatch  almost enjoying mexican food."
"So beautiful..."
"just tacos"
"Jimi breaks down."
"wot r u...."
"Bad ass science"
"Just fuckin look at that shit"
"I read this in Tyler the Creator's voice"
"You Fucking Know"
"Scientifically versed redditors"
"YALL MOTHAFUCKAS NEED JESUS"
"Man kills dog after it bites off his penis he had covered in peanut butter. He was arrested when found to be fisting the dog's anus."
"What I always thought of posting in /r/atheism before I unsubscribed"
"After reading about 50 pages of the reddits list..."
"Homeless man with 2 dildos giving head to several men wearing unicorn masks. All while he is hung by his feet barfing and pissing on his own face. NSFW"
"I snapped a photo of my 12 year old neighbor in her backyard wearing a small bikini in this cold weather."
"Leaked naked picture of Nicki Minaj [FIXED]"
"Album of a dog being raped by a horse."
"#cutforbeiber"
"The decline of Civilization [Pic]"
"So i started the stopwatch sometime soon after i got my ipod."
"I've had the stopwatch running on my iPhone for a while now."
"I guess I left my stopwatch running....(xpost from /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"3.5 years bitches!"
"Frog with eggs"
"A male jawfish mouthbrooding eggs"
"Jawfish incubating eggs. (Photo by Steven Kovacs)"
"mother fuckin' president!"
"How I feel as an American redditor at any hour..."
"So tomorrow is July 4th and all  been saving this gif for a while now"
"How every American feels around July 4th."
"Merica!"
"I'm usually not patriotic but.."
"Whenever someone insults America on the internet"
"Ideal elevator"
"Is time for new goals."
"Go home snail..."
"Long exposure of fireflies at dusk"
"Facebook gold...we can dream"
"On my news feed today"
"This is how I'm voting this year."
"A true American hero"
"Dream Team"
"Hey /r/gaming  I spent a little while making a tribute poster to Nintendo. How many faces can you see?"
"Hey /r/gaming  I spent a little while making a tribute poster to Nintendo. How many faces do you know?"
"Walt &amp; Jesse [1920x1080]"
"He had to catch em all"
"Casual Fridays in Sri Lanka"
"Casual Fridays in Sri Lanka"
"Casual Fridays in Sri Lanka"
"Missing Stapler"
"Missing Stapler"
"Oh the disappointment..."
"I get out of a relationship"
"FLOOR"
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks Thought Process"
"The truth about Winrar"
"Best baby logic ever....."
"If only this worked..."
"Appropriate for Halloween"
"Lichtenberg Figures: Formed when a person is hit by a lightning"
"Get me the bat-umbrella!"
"She's right!"
"There's a storm coming  Mr. Wayne..."
"Motherfucker!"
"Good luck"
"Bring it on."
"Wat"
"Cardio"
"This made me laugh more than it should have"
"This made me laugh more than it should have"
"Omegle Role Play. - Imgur"
"My GF is coming over tonight  after 10 days being away."
"Whoopi?"
"Oh Katie..."
"PMS"
"This is easily one of the better puns I've seen in the last six months..."
"My friend sent me this picture and told me to stare at it until I get it..."
"When someone mentions its their cake day."
"Who do I have to pay for an HD remake of this?"
"Jesus"
"Swag walk at its best"
"Live action QWOP"
"we've all tried this"
"Real life QWOP"
"How it felt when I tried to walk last night after 4 small joints mixed of pineapple express and purple haze."
"Partaking in any physical activity whatsoever."
"QWOP IRL [GIF]"
"I recently started working for a large company that has bought a smaller one. So far  this is how my team has dealt with the issues resulting from the merger..."
"Doctor Who + Parov Stelar = This"
"Of course he can dance  he's the doctor"
"This song goes with ANY gif."
"Bibles For Haiti"
"How to neatly fold a shirt."
"I said a hip hop..."
"When I heard about Star Wars 7 being made..."
"24 hours worth of day and night snaps merged into one panoramic frame."
"I got the moves like Dumbledore"
"Gets funnier every time."
"What is that? oh shit oh shit OH SHIT OH SHIT OH SHIT!"
"one scary ass alligator."
"Whenever I drop the plastic end of my retractable dog leash"
"Unique"
"4chan [dis]proves the existence of God"
"/b/ proves the existence of God."
"Whenever I have to work on a chain smokers car"
"How i felt after being tricked into seeing lemon party."
"Doing our best to educate good"
"&quot;Normal&quot; Die Antwoord"
"DIE ANTWOORD before what ever the fuck happened to them  happened to them."
"Disney face swap"
"Saw this gem on my way to lunch"
"&quot;Inquire Within&quot;"
"Applications accepted..."
"WTF Ozzy???"
"Animals&gt;humans"
"I have officially given up hope in my friends."
"This... I hate Facebook."
"Alright this is the kind of shit I hate. WTF  Facebook?"
"If your friends don't hate you yet try this."
"Not giving a fuck"
"Aquarium Over Head ?!"
"Have you ever been so pissed off that you...."
"How I propose America should deal with the Casey Anthony verdict..."
"What I thought when I read about the face eater in Miami..."
"what I want to do since the zombie attack in Florida"
"As a born and raised Floridian  here's my only response to this &quot;roach eating&quot; contest/aftermath."
"how all other 49 States feel about florida right now"
"Bugs Bunny's plan to secede from the nation"
"Watched this for half an hour"
"How I feel after donating plasma"
"Big Pimpin'"
"Life of a Financial Fat Cat"
"My niece made it rain on that ho"
"Marlon Brando writing  draped in a cat."
"Happy Diablo Day!"
"Female redditor sees posts about diablo 3 and stages a photo with a cake  to get upvotes from gamers."
"For a while now  I am collecting most gifs I found amusing or useful. There are around 700. Use it wisely"
"When I wake up in the morning."
"Cuddling"
"How I felt the first time riding my bike w/o hands"
"Whenever I try to dance at a bar..."
"When did the real world become super mario?"
"How I think it is when acid kicks in"
"Whenever I put my pants back on after laying down some timber in a public restroom  and I feel a wet spot on my underwear..."
"yupp"
"Every time I think I can handle r/spacedicks"
"How i feel browsing /new"
"So I was going through &quot;Hoarde all the GIFs&quot; - can someone explain this one to me!?"
"Me  when I finally found a .gif that would make it to the front page!"
"Priority Peter Strikes Again! (Probably a repost)"
"When I come up with a witty comeback  but botch the grammar:"
"First Meeting For Semester Long Project"
"This shit is hilarious"
"Happy seal"
"Go to a club they said  it will be fun they said"
"Party so hard it hurts."
"Just another night at the club"
"The very definition of class"
"Darwin musta had the day off (GIF)"
"Weightwatchers in Africa"
"The Hokey Pokey - Shakespearean style (x-post from /r/proper)"
"Just some rural art"
"A little diddy"
"R2D2 [Fixed]"
"R2D2 was a Race Car Driver"
"I Sparkle"
"FUCK EVERYTHING"
"How I feel when reddit downvotes me."
"I'm doing good..."
"I'm doing good..."
"Fox News: The exact moment Barack Obama was Re-Elected"
"I feel petty doing this but so many lol's are being had."
"The look of disappointment"
"Fox added a correspondent to help with election coverage..."
"Fox added a new correspondent to help with election coverage..."
":|"
"Dragon Fly In The Morning Dew"
"Just a dragonfly taking a bath in the morning dew"
"How they see things and how I see things."
"I think this gif adequately sums up the differences between men and women"
"Real difference between everything else and 4chan"
"Real Life vs Internet vs 4Chan"
"Someone farted in the elevator!"
"4chan vs the internets"
"This is how I dance in front of my crush"
"Ew."
"This is why you should always clean yourself... O_O"
"I am concerned for this woman's well being  and the flies lives."
"Take one"
"Freebie!"
"Odds: 1:100 000 000 000 000 000 000. Challenge Accepted"
"Disney's Promise"
"Oh Disney  you crafty SOBs..."
"Scar."
"My mind is seriously blown after seeing this connection between Disney's &quot;The Lion King&quot; and &quot;Hercules&quot;"
"Lion King takes place during Hercules"
"When Reddit is down"
"What I do whenever Reddit goes down."
"Me after any post."
"I don't always repost..."
"I see your grandma ready to party  and I raise you my grandma partying harder"
"YOLO Is starting to be abused"
"stack 'em up"
"my friends cats are not a fan of their costumes"
"Knuckle cracking world record attempt"
"Driving down the road when suddenly..."
"Me and my brothers celebrating"
"Horrified graduates flee as fighter jets attack crowd with hats"
"Horrified graduates flee as planes attack crowds with hats"
"Horrified graduates flee as fighter jets attack crowd with hats"
"Horrified graduates flee as fighter jets attack crowd with hats *FIXED*"
"Hypno Owl"
"Obama and Batman!"
"Coincidence?"
"Another conspiracy by the liberal media..."
"I thought it deserved a separate submission."
"Coincidence? I think not."
"The Dark Knight Rises"
"Oh my lawdy.."
"COINCIDENCE?!"
"when something is so bad on new that I laugh do i upvote?"
"As a Canadian seeing posts about people getting their American citizenships"
"How Italian Geologists Living in America Feel"
"I wish I could be this excited about something."
"When my girlfriend's pregnancy test was negative"
"Your reaction when you see a front page post that is FINALLY not a repost"
"Man AND wife?!?"
"Stella vs. Newcastle"
"Well played  Newcastle. [PART 2]"
"mfw freshman girls start sunbathing outside of my dorm"
"Infinity"
"Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart!"
"With your powers combined....."
"I can't wait to tap into my superpowers after finals next month."
"Googled Murica  was not disappointed"
"Too Much 'MURICA In One Picture"
"So I googled the most American picture ever [FIXED]"
"When your too drunk... (x-post from /r/wtf)"
"This is jump."
"Fast reflexes"
"DIED"
"I present to Reddit  my collection of Spider Man memes."
"Got to love Andrew W.K."
"Nothing To See  Just another Tiny Piglet"
"Baby Bacon"
"Hjelle is an amazingly beautiful quiet little town in Norway"
"A pristine lake  Norway [1280x840]"
"So THAT'S what innocent means..."
"So someone thought this toy was marketable."
"Segway like a Sir"
"Gentleman rides a Segway"
"Stop  look and listen."
"Fuck You"
"What does Ryan Styles have in his pocket for you?"
"What does Ryan Styles have in his pocket for you? (GIF)"
"What I feel like every time my prof gives me a ridiculous homework assignment."
"Surprised?"
"When I saw someone on the front page use the same gif as I did."
"How I feel whenever my friends brag about getting a better grade on a test than me."
"This is all I see on r/aww (http://xkcd.com/262/)"
"I must have one!!"
"My Friends new baby &quot;Griffin&quot;"
"ERMAHGERD TRERCK"
"Some scenes were spiffed up after the studio increased the budget"
"This isn't a car."
"In response to all of the negative posts about Romney and Paul Ryan  we should never give up on this man"
"O Captain my captain"
"Knock knock. Who's there? America."
"I can haz a strawberry"
"NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"Omg  tiny turtle..."
"Baby Turtle  eating a strawberry (So Cute)"
"Birthday Skeleton"
"The Birthday Skeleton"
"And a one  and a two…"
"And a one... And a two... And a..."
"Came home from surgery and tried to go to the bathroom"
"Scariest dog I've ever seen"
"Is Reddit having mixed feelings about this costume?"
"Ready for Halloween"
"My sister in law txts me this picture thinking it is my dog... Awk because it's not (still cute though)"
"My first reaction was to Nope right on by this...but then puppy!"
"Spider dog  spider dog  does whatever a spider dog does"
"Popped up on my Facebook feed. Any idea where I can find one ?"
"Found on the internet  but i wish this was my dog"
"Coke spider"
"Coke Spider"
"i fucking love cocaine"
"Cocaine Spider [x-post from pics]"
"Wow (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Best Pooh movie ever."
"No  I canknot"
"Hah"
"So it's my actual cake day  and I thought this couldn't be more perfect."
"this is so sad......"
"Business in America"
"What the redditor posted."
"Downvotes... a rare substance."
"Back to School"
"Back to school shopping."
"&quot;You seeing what I'm seeing...?&quot;"
"Oh God Why!"
"So  this showed up on my newsfeed"
"About to get an abortion? Better update my twitter."
"everyone's face once reddit comes back online"
"Forever alone towel"
"Wrong in so many ways"
"Babies first Halloween will possibly never be topped!"
"My little pony IRL"
"Apples way of getting customers into their store seem to be working a bit too well..."
"I know its an old one  but we all need to be reminded of the sacrifices our parents have made."
"this is what real heros would do."
"Gate C34 at New York's LaGuardia Airport"
"My buddy is a pilot for US air and he just sent me this picture from La Guardia Airport..."
"Laguardia - Jet Blue"
"Laguardia airport today"
"Sandy hits Logan (airport)"
"LaGuardia Marina"
"You will need a boat today if you are planning to leave from LaGuardia Airport"
"LaGuardia Airport this morning."
"LaGuardia Airport  NYC"
"My reaction to nearly every fundamentalist I encounter..."
"How I felt when I heard Nicki Minaj's new song."
"Checking the front page the day after after subscribing to a bunch of new subreddits"
"Buzz Lightyear is a pimp"
"One of my favorite pictures on the internet"
"Ladys"
"To infinity and beyond...."
"Dads.."
"As I clicked the final button to pay off my unsubsidized loans in one fell swoop  I couldn't help but feel like this is what was happening on the other end"
"Aarghblaaaarhgh"
"DAT ASSSSSSSSSSSSS"
"my reaction to any female Olympic event"
"When you see it..."
"Mountain Lion (x/post from r/pics) [817 × 1200]"
"The original RPG."
"You are now gay."
"*sexual confusion*"
"How I Feel About The Return Of The Square Celestial Bodies"
"If you are having a bad day I hope this makes you feel a little bit better."
"How I feel when my friend says I have more Karma than him"
"Wall climbing... like a boss!"
"Like a boss"
"If at first you don't succeed..."
"Didn't see that coming."
"Waking up to see your post has 1000 upvotes and is on the front page."
"OooOoo"
"Star Wars"
"There's no &quot;I&quot; in team... or is there?"
"Well look  there is an I in team afterall"
"There is no I in team."
"I'm the &quot;I&quot; in team."
"The &quot;I&quot; in &quot;team&quot;"
"There's no I in team they said"
"Friend posted this to fb... good on her"
"&quot;There's no 'I' in team!&quot;"
"So hot"
"Dancing in the nightclub"
"Om Nom Nom Nom"
"Can anyone provide some background here?"
"My favorite gif ever"
"Say hey! lol Heard this song the other day  this gif was in my head."
"Everybody Shaking!!"
"Just a normal day at work."
"I'm new here."
"The Original Photobomb"
"The Original Photobomb"
"Still my favorite photobomb."
"My favorite gif from /r/pokemon"
"I herd you liek mudkipz"
"just a wee kitty kneading dough"
"Catgroove"
"Everybody wants to be a cat"
"Baking PsyclonNine style"
"When you're at a [7] and someones asks if you're doing okay."
"How my old self feels at parties pretending to enjoy &quot;young people music&quot;."
"Gandalf knows how to party"
"Not sure if this works.(First post)"
"What did you say about my pet rock?"
"Sometimes i want a pet rock..."
"who says pet rocks arent cool..."
"Saw this on facebook"
"A symbolic cartoon about the acceptance of new ideas."
"Every. fucking. time."
"Happens everytime."
"Post a GIF representing the first time you had sex."
"Post a GIF representing the first time you had sex."
"The day I discovered porn..."
"Trying to pee in the morning with a boner."
"Masturbating for the first time in a week [FIXED]"
"every time i use a glass ketchup bottle"
"Whenever I try not to cum."
"pouring salt into the wound"
"Swag"
"The first time i haven't been entirely upset with the use of &quot;swag&quot;."
"You want this to be you"
"Atlas Mountains  Morocco"
"the description is the best part"
"Happy Birthday you amazing man"
"Grab my hand!"
"Grab my hand!"
"Facebook"
"This makes me uncomfortable."
"K When are you leaving?"
"Can't say I didn't laugh at this"
"Nice armor"
"Too soon?"
"Taste the Rainbow"
"Someone likes snowcones"
"So I just post a picture of a cat and get karma? Is that how my cakeday works?"
"Cute Hamster... wat? [gif]"
"I bet this cat is an asshole."
"Perfect analogy to why religious people give me an aneurism."
"I googled &quot;how to make the front page&quot; I am not disappointed"
"My favorite face-swap"
"This is  and will always be my FAVORITE face-swap ever!"
"Favorite face swap of all time."
"My absolute favorite face swap"
"How I feel drinking milk after eating spicy foods to stop the burning"
"Whenever I don't have to wear a condom because she's on birth control"
"Gary Johnson crowd surfing"
"It seems that I've wondered into the strange part of the interwebs"
"All that remains of the Catholic Church in Queens is this single statue of Mary."
"This is how I felt while trying on and buying new bras after my recent weight loss"
"On the first day of school when I find out one of my teachers is a redditor"
"I gained 250+ comment karma in less than 3 hours... on one comment."
"Just remembered I booked off a shift today for no reason 3 months ago for a surprise to myself."
"Coming to terms with having to wake up for school tomorrow."
"French's Mustard  you don't know what you do to me..."
"What my boyfriend looks like when he's trying to turn me on."
"QWOP"
"Trying to make it to the front page with a clever title"
"How I feel every time I try to come up with a cute title for my /r/aww post."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson absolutely slamming intelligent design."
"This is a .gif of a platypus running."
"A gif of a platypus running"
"Hardest thing to draw in the world... [FIXED]"
"The Best Thing About Religion - Ignorance"
"The Simpsons had it right"
"Lisa gets it"
"I don't think he should be doing that."
"Door + Explosion = Flying Door"
"Explosion + Door = Flying Door"
"I just thought to myself  &quot;I should do this now instead of later.&quot;"
"Too relevant?"
"Alone in the Dark"
"What a happy looking shark!"
"0_0"
"Wording is important."
"Moo Bitch"
"the nightmare that is increased productivity"
"Boop"
"Just be like  &quot;stop&quot;."
"Whenever"
"Just about sums it up"
"What Sandy looks like from Europe. [fixed]"
"And THAT  my friends  is gangsta..."
"Doin Thangs"
"wipeout"
"To the frontpage!!!"
"I give you  the baby octopus."
"Tiny-itty-bitty fingersquid!"
"Baby Squid  very small!"
"Just a cute baby octopus"
"Just a baby octopus"
"Seaside  the Jersey Shore"
"Seaside  New Jersey - Sandy Aftermath"
"The main pier in Seaside New Jersey. (Jersey Shore)"
"Thanks to the Jersey Shore my town has become something of a national joke  but some of us live here all year long  and are hurting."
"Evolution of the alphabet"
"Everything DOES happen for a reason."
"Some People"
"Anyone remember being bad ass at these???"
"How I feel when I see an eReader"
"Made me think of this subreddit"
"Nice shirt"
"Dressed for 9/11"
"Wing-man of the year [Fixed  Permanently]"
"A friend on facebook posted this not sure if serious or joke"
"This just in..."
"When my friend tells me he had 20 shots of Tequila last night and stayed sober"
"my reaction when a friend tells me that he made out with a girl after he left the club alone"
"Poor Clive"
"The washing machine is on and I need to take a shit... well... I think I'll hold it in!"
"F*cks given: 0"
"Dog trains himself"
"This guy should be Reddit's official mascot..."
"That's my boy"
"If the republicans win tonight. Party Time!"
"Avian Woes"
"Get in here."
"I think it belongs here...."
"another dead American... ohhhh the horror!!!"
"Gluttony"
"Commas  people. Commas!"
"Rock the Boat - You can watch this gif like 100 times."
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"Did not go as planned"
"MOM SAID WE CAN HAVE A SLEEP OVER!!!"
"Louis CK just hanging out"
"And nothing can change that"
"how my friend feels when he upvotes"
"The Creation of Adam?"
"Not a single bacon was given that day"
"Ron Swanson in college"
"I must go  my people need me!"
"Most WTF thing I've ever seen [NSFW]"
"I don't even.."
"Beauty..."
"Why?!"
"Demon cat is thirsty."
"They did so much for us.."
"Medical Students are..."
"Fuck you  that sounds totally normal  asshole"
"The Incumbent"
"What it SHOULD be"
"Jump"
"Smack My Bitch up"
"This cat has some insane hops"
"Coolest Slow-Mo Kitten"
"Don't f**k with Bane..."
"That's actually a truck..."
"When the car has been washed  then you have my permission..."
"Truth behind r/aww"
"How I see people on their cake day"
"A guide dog meets a friend at Disney World"
"Spider-Man Is Such A Gentleman"
"The Intimate Parisian Bookshop Shakespeare and Company"
"Me too Nancy."
"Dial down the bitch  Nance."
"Ramen Gangnam Style"
"This is how you eat noodles....list a boss"
"The Original Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"The original ridiculously photogenic guy"
"Oceans are deep"
"The sheer emptiness of oceans freaks me out... (x-post from pics)"
"Into the deep."
"Christians 1 / Atheists 0"
"Bitch I'm a bus"
"I'm a bus"
"Bus."
"I don't even fucking know..."
"im just going to eat this now garrrbabargaall"
"I used to think monkeys were adorable..."
"I shall call him my fuzzy and fuzzy will be mine!"
"I witnessed a kidnapping  also!"
"I sleep where I want!"
"The one good thing about global warming"
"Shhh."
"Imagine"
"Found this in the library today..."
"The prophesy has been fulfilled."
"Looks like 4chan was right all along"
"When you see someone failing at a simple game"
"My reaction to seeing someone failing at a easy video game"
"Watching my mom on the computer"
"I'm going to majorly apologize ahead of time if this has already been posted on here.... But I cannot tell you how awesome it would be if we all actually did this."
"Slendermans favorite Pokemon."
"How I Feel When I Have A Sudden Clarity Clarence Moment"
"Sounds like he's telling the truth"
"Damn Dog!"
"Submitting a post to reddit?"
"My friend told me that he started browsing Reddit  I sent him this in response..."
"At least some people can admit it."
"Saw this in the local club production facebook."
"this beautiful creature must die"
"Imma beat that pussy up."
"This picture has a great potential of becoming a new meme  a very funny one."
"this is the skyline of the biggest town in my home valley. the photo was taken last night. so far 500+ homes have been evacuated."
"the city of wenatchee  washington is in serious danger as a 1000 acre fire moves towards the town. photo taken last night."
"Bitches love cake"
"You've got to be shitting me"
"just can't...look away...that's a HOLE"
"Attacked by a polar bear [NSFL]"
"Polar Bear Attack"
"Turns out the Polar Bear was a tad hungry (NSF* - Holes in limb)"
"Dude ill bet you 100 bucks you'll neve....... fuck"
"Bowling Level: Asian"
"Bowling level...Asian"
"Not sure if French or Fry"
"Wait... not sure if French or..."
"HOLD UP"
"Sprinkles"
"Hold up..."
"Figuratively Speaking. I thought this was pretty easy myself."
"Changing room switch-a-roo"
"MIND BLOWN"
"Young Lafayette"
"Listening to music while browsing reddit produced this"
"I can't look away..."
"Show some love for baby otters?"
"2 newborn baby otters sleeping."
"How I feel doing algebra for the first time in 4 years..."
"How I Feel in Maths After Missing A Week's Work"
"This seriously was my first question when i was told about astronauts in space in elementary school"
"Whenever a pedestrian walks into the road without looking  I dream of doing this"
"To this day I believe this was Steve Carell's best movie"
"How I see the most uninformed Wall Street protesters"
"Paris at night time is fucking amazing."
"I think Reddit will love this movie."
"Salsa dog"
"He's Better Than Me..."
"He wants to take you for a walk"
"So listening to my local radio station just as they played this song  and just as I clicked on this image.....I lost it...."
"This just seems to fit."
"What I feel like when most people start talking politics"
"How I felt on the Terry Crews AMA"
"Saw this on facebook today  almost considered liking it"
"Like if you enjoy muffins"
"Prosthetics come in all shapes and sizes..."
"&lt;3"
"How I feel when someone sends an eBay &quot;Best Offer&quot; that is higher than my minimum requirement"
"Oh  all your college books only cost you $200?"
"How I feel while writing pointless essays."
"Aww Ron Swanson! =]"
"Tunnel of Love  Ukraine"
"The green mile"
"Ultimate disproof."
"Road Workers' Coffee Break (by Erik Johansson)"
"Space?"
"Oh Mum..."
"It's really comfy"
"Only One Wish"
"True love."
"My reaction after seeing the game demo video of Watch Dogs."
"How I feel studying for any test/midterm."
"Professor Oak looks way too happy doing this... (X-post from r/pokemon)"
"pimpin prof oak"
"Professor Oak!?!"
"Whenever my Reddit posts fail"
"Medical advances."
"Advances in Medicine"
"Whenever a theist says he's a better person because of his god [gif]"
"My 99 Year old great uncle died last friday. I got on his Commodore 64 today and this was on his command prompt."
"Calling BS"
"When you finally wash your bed sheets"
"Whenever I'm looking for the remote control"
"Typical reddit experience (using cat gifs)"
"It's true. You can't."
"Reddit  you have one very clear choice today"
"All i can think about when i read all the celebrities on my twitterfeed only talking about voting today."
"Get well soon!"
"How I feel during Halloween"
"Satellite image of Gotland  a Swedish island in the Baltic Sea  looks like it was painted by Van Gogh"
"Hmm  tastes like..."
"So what does this taste like?"
"How redditors react to spiders"
"New Reddit Mascot!"
"Baby walrus soon to be at the NY Aquarium!"
"This is Mitik  the orphaned baby walrus just adopted by the New York Aquarium. He's 15 weeks old and weighs 234 pounds. Photo from nytimes.com"
"A Fat  Mustachioed Orphan Finds a Home"
"15-week-old walrus rescued from the open ocean off Alaska finds home."
"What's been seen  can't be unseen."
"The feeling of a brief front page post"
"Taco Bell promoting drinking once again."
"Oh ray"
"Terraria is coming XBLA and PSN."
"I'd like to see that done..."
"Aaron Pauls replies to Seth Rogen."
"Tony Hawk is on Reddit now!!"
"Why I love Ricky Gervais"
"Is this accurate?"
"Naked Chicks and Beer"
"NdGT dropping knowledge bombs today"
"NdGT dropping knowledge bombs today"
"And this is why I hate my dentist"
"Borgore has a point..."
"...or a muppet"
"Yours  science"
"Ricky Gervais on Science vs Religion this week..."
"Dear Religion"
"The ball is rolling"
"dear religion"
"What does that even mean.."
"Me on a typical Friday night"
"Perfect place for a nickelback concert"
"Who would have guessed?"
"Oh twitter..."
"Justin Bieber"
"Rob is at it again!"
"Well this is awkward"
"Woody indeed!"
"As if the name &quot;Woody&quot; wasn't bad enough."
"So Jimmy Savile got a job at DisneyWorld.."
"Threw up after watching this for 5 minutes when drunk."
"Don't watch for too long  it makes you a little nauseated..."
"If you're going to throw up when watching this drunk  you may as well enjoy it."
"I think I laughed way harder than I should have for way too long.."
"Class' reaction when they find out someone has gum."
"Who said it?"
"Who said it? Romney or Mr.Burns from the Simpsons?"
"Supercell thunderstorm forming into a wall cloud"
"Supercell Thunderstorm Forming Into a Wall Cloud."
"Having fun at the play ground  Russian style"
"Men in the baby food aisle"
"Men in the baby food aisle"
"Smoking when the parents are home at 4pm."
"Like I give a fuck."
"Looked up the super best friends and this came up..."
"best image on imgur. kim jong il loves pokemon"
"Stop washing machine abuse"
"I Know This Is a Repost...But I Love This Gif"
"Oh crap a brick!"
"Does the dancing turn you on? Totally understandable."
"So Gangsta"
"That is some pretty good dancing."
"when you move you got me hypnotized"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"How i feel when my post starts of good then gets destroyed"
"Nothing has blown my mind quite like this case.."
"Derpsi (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Pepseye"
"Those poor  poor parents"
"Terrifying Baby"
"A Martian sunset"
"TIL Even though the Martian sky is red  the sunsets are blue  in direct contrast with Earth."
"Can You Feel the Love Tonight?"
"Can You Feel The Love Tonight?"
"It's so horribly  horribly well done."
"Bring ya skates."
"Close Enough"
"Close enough..."
"Come on China  you are not even trying"
"Censorship tells the wrong story."
"Stark &amp; Recreation"
"Stark &amp; Recreation"
"Stark &amp; Recreation (street art by Hanksy)"
"Every time I discover a new NSFW subreddit."
"How I look when browsing 4chan"
"Hell nawwwww"
"When I first stumbled upon /r/spacedicks"
"MFW I saw /r/Spacedicks for the first time"
"There can only be one photobomb master"
"Photobomb Level: Master"
"I see your Iraqi monopoly  and raise you Jewish monopoly"
"Reddit after I got tired of pun threads"
"This couple stopped by my booth at PAX. It needs to become a family tradition."
"A clouder of kittens"
"Basket of Karma"
"One picture that always blows my mind"
"our place in the universe"
"Oh Sonic....."
"See Spot Flip"
"aaaaaaaannnndddddd.... We have lift-off!"
"Not as simple as a tennis ball it seems"
"Poor doggy."
"Scummy mummy"
"I know I am small  but I have a big personality."
"Impossibru!"
"When I unknowingly take a bite of really spicy food"
"Whurtermelhurrn"
"Nom nom nom"
"Watermelons"
"My face when failing every diet and eat pizza"
"I feel like this sometimes"
"This pretty much sums it up"
"My Life"
"Sometimes... I feel like this."
"My life"
"Ring of Fire"
"kid gets owned with string and fire at B-day party"
"Personally I blame Dyson for Henry's demise into the drugs scene"
"Henry"
"I LOVE COCAINE"
"Felt like it was the time for imgur randomizing. The very first thing that popped up."
"Henry has a problem."
"When my friend reaches the front page"
"To all redditors who think Scandinavia is paradise on earth  here is why I wouldn't like to live there."
"Welcome to Finland."
"Meanwhile in Finland - weather forecast for 9 days and 21 cities in November"
"This weeks weather forecast in Finland"
"It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia on getting a job"
"You should get a job."
"How I feel whenever my parents tell me to get a job..."
"...trying to get a summer job"
"During No Fap September."
"How I feel on my cake day"
"Why I hate public speaking"
"What I want to say to developers every year when they won't stop with the motion controls."
"How doing work my first week in college will feel like."
"Just checking some car ads on craigslist when..."
"The car of your dreams."
"1995 Pontiac Grand Am"
"Jesus tap dancing Christ"
"On Knees for Jesus"
"Tried my hand at imgur roulette. Think I found gold."
"I love to sing-a  about the moon-a and the June-a and the spring-a."
"Bailar Sr. Perro!"
"I can't stop laughing."
"Woof"
"If you do this  fuck you."
"NASA's Space Shuttle Discovery (STS-41D)  30 August 1984. Photographed by NASA astronaut John W. Young from a NASA Shuttle Training Aircraft (STA)."
"The cutest gif I've ever seen...ever."
"This guy needs to comment on reddit instead."
"Kitten vs. Ninjas"
"I found this a few weeks back and I couldn't just let it disappear from memory"
"The bigger their eyes the cuter they are"
"So much aww it hurts my face"
"Favorite gif of all time"
"Dozens of people killed by cat"
"One of the best baseball pictures I have ever seen"
"Simpsons Christmas Cards"
"Owned."
"United States's reaction to 9-11 simplified"
"I always loved this gif."
"How I feel more and more often"
"Donald Downer..."
"It was awful..."
"I work in a kitchen. I forgot to wear my work shoes last night."
"How I feel mountain biking again after two years off..."
"Some people don't deserve to have children"
"Well... That escalated quickly"
"The real tree of life"
"I fucking hate these commercials"
"When I try to dance to hip-hop"
"When I smoke with my black friends"
"I'm glad I'm not a parent if this is what a day at the park is like."
"Sums up being a father pretty well..."
"Still both the cutest and saddest GIF I've seen."
"MFW ADHD..."
"They'll find a way."
"Soon... Very soon."
"Hypnotizing tiger gif"
"Told my girlfriend I was gonna frame this and put it on my wall as a joke. She hasn't texted me back..."
"Remember that cat that you thought ran away?......yeahhhhh"
"Here's a trail cam picture of an owl carrying a cat away....."
"Scumbag owl"
"Scumbag owl"
"The only reason why I wanted to watch this movie."
"I Don't Remember Pokemon Looking Like This"
"Oh you know  just Harry Potter and Leonardo DiCaprio skipping down a side-walk."
"At dawn.."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Red panda eating a grape"
"Nom"
"Mean Girls Working The Fryers."
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful"
"14 of 14 people found this review helpful"
"Chick wouldn't even let me holla...."
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful."
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful"
"Did you find this review helpful?"
"My favorite picture on the internet"
"Best restaurant review."
"So I went outside and found this under a dripping water spigot..."
"I can relate..."
"As a 26yr old male that can't grow proper facial hair  this is how I fear I'm going to end up come the end of Movember. [FIXED]"
"In my next life..."
"He's right  you know."
"Have you tried mac and cheese?!?"
"Realizing it's my cakeday at 11 pm"
"My reaction to my Karma going up 50 in a day."
"When I realized it's my cake day"
"Umm... Where's your chimney?"
"This one guy at work pulled some triggers and I got fired for nothing  someone took a picture the moment it happened."
"we have a winner"
"and the winner is..."
"and the winner is..."
"Patton Oswalt and his daughter dress up for Halloween."
"Patton Oswalt as Dr. Octopus"
"Patton Oswalt and what I assume to be his daughter  winning Halloween."
"Redditors circa Jan 18th  2012"
"In my pants"
"I would let her suck my finger any day."
"If Pong were originally released in the App Store (doghousediaries)"
"If Apple made pong"
"Oh shit!"
"Looks like they finally found Truman..."
"Getting home after a long day at work."
"Girlfriend wants to have sex after over a year of waiting"
"Girlfriend wants to finally jave sex after a year. ( xpost from r/funny)"
"me and gandalf on our way to defqon  hopefully we will find my ring hehe"
"Went to go play Happy Wheels  then this came up."
"It makes so much sense. It was a documentary after all..."
"Proof that God exists..."
"Don't click here or else..."
"Warning: This gif may kill you."
"My very clumsy friend just added this as her cover photo. She didn't realise that it was applicable."
"How I listen to trance music."
"Touch my body  Put me on the floor"
"When i'm listening to music alone in an elevator."
"&quot;Tuts mah barreh&quot;"
"How I imagine myself every time I play music while in the shower."
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"Truer now than it ever was."
"moo cow"
"How I felt discovering the kitchen in my residence hall."
"Wrong Number - Handled like a boss"
"I'm pretty happy how I handled this wrong number text."
"How to handle a wrong number"
"I'm too poor to shoot you!"
"This isn't quite what I pictured when I hear the term cattle drive. Pretty sure it is illegal  too."
"I Guess It's Moooving Day"
"You Can't Just Ask"
"How'd he get a D-?"
"I want to hear his oral report"
"WHUT?!"
"How Reddit feels today"
"Damnit Reddit"
"SNAKE'S ON A PLANE"
"I have this guy to thank for a life-long interest in science."
"Oh how I miss 90s television...especially this one"
"So  I heard you like Toms."
"Why I never go to any comic con after parties"
"There are no words."
"How me and my gf feel attempting sexytime after Chipotle"
"My first actual WTF moment (xpost r/funny)"
"Found my new favorite gif"
"Browsing facebook in the summer"
"When I stumble across some porn."
"Not to beat a dead horse  but this is funny."
"My reaction when Starbucks said they were out of Coffee AND Tea"
"I've played through generations I and IV of Pokemon  today I found out that tapping &quot;A&quot; increases chances of catching pokemon.."
"I make it rain on them hos"
"Throw some money"
"Every time I receive an email from Humble Bundle"
"Every Black Friday morning shopping on Newegg &amp; Amazon..."
"WHAT THE HELL IS THIS....WHAT IS A FROND"
"Fronds"
"Keepin it cool"
"Calm  composed  explosive [gif]"
"r/WTF all day today."
"How I feel about the upcoming US elections"
"I don't live in America  but if I did  I know who I would vote for..."
"Girlception. Thats all."
"When you see it"
"Question everything?"
"Mt. Everest [1920x1080]"
"Mount Everest"
"Everest"
"The monster that is Mount Everest."
"I don't have words for this.. I'm mentally flat lining right now.."
"No words for this... Mentally flat lining right now.. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Tig Ol' Bitties!"
"Humorously tragic boob job"
"bad move universe  bad move."
"Disciprin. A powerful thing."
"limes"
"You rack disciprin"
"That's so Asian"
"Just Fuckin' Chillin'"
"Found this little guy in my newsfeed on facebook."
"Pokemon: Christian Version"
"Thought this belonged here  from r/pokemon"
"Harder than a normal run..."
"first they try to take away our freedoms  now they want to RUIN POKEMON!?"
"All you Pokemon players out there would find this amusing..."
"You don't look so tough to me!"
"Don't pick your nose!"
"So this just showed up on my news feed and now I feel sick."
"Does this sweater radiate pure awesomeness or what?"
"You will never own this  and I'm sorry."
"As a non-US-citizen  this is how I am going to experience the 2012 US-elections"
"When I stir up the pot in a debate on facebook..."
"Whenever I see a fight on Facebook"
"This is gonna be good..."
"Colbert likes the british cinemas"
"There must be an easier way"
"NOMS!"
"How to put a peanut in your mouth"
"Blowjobs? I give nut jobs. (SFW)"
"This? Just a baby Sea Lion  not a big deal  really"
"Snaped a picture of this guy at the zoo"
"At First I Thought This Could've Been An Old Taco Bell Advertisment  But No. It's Just WTF?"
"Condom socks. WHY????"
"A man and his Alpaca"
"Sir Wilfred Slytherin (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Baby Koala Bear before it turns into a clawing monster."
"How many up votes for this baby koala??"
"Clear water boat looks like its floating on air"
"Clear water boat looks like its floating on air (Pic)"
"My reaction when I hear a fly in my room."
"Yesterday  I got a message from an unidentified Redditor who claimed to know me in person. This is the image I sent back."
"GGG just sharing his power."
"Xfire...."
"Nobody tells facebook what to do! (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Posted in many places; thought here was fitting as well"
"The day after Halloween on Facebook."
"how i felt looking at FB the day after halloween"
"Not a single fuck."
"Anytime I click a link and it doesn't take me to imgur"
"grow &amp; harvest your own garlic!"
"Wat."
"Best yearbook picture ever."
"I'm getting mixed signals here."
"I'm getting mixed signals!"
"Pictures I am having a hard time explaining"
"Taking a walk today after having a cast on my leg for 6 weeks."
"Shufflin'"
"Techno viking!"
"Did this on the bus this morning"
"Max volume"
"When you forget to lower the volume on your MP3 player"
"I have the same reaction When ever this song plays"
"I have the same reaction whenever I hear this song.[FIXED]"
"GUNNA BET LOUDER"
"Volume control: we've all been there."
"Whenever shitty music plays on a youtube video."
"Oh SH*T"
"I don't always prank my gf but when I do  I put her volume on max"
"How I feel every time I turn on the radio"
"Dubstep in a nutshell."
"Stop!"
"China's newest A-list celebrity"
"My reaction to finding r/KillingWomen"
"after finding /r/spacedicks"
"How I'm avoiding spoilers that are now surfacing for The Dark Knight Rises"
"Visiting Facebook on 9/11..."
"All the links I've already seen are blue again."
"After all these years this book still makes me laugh."
"Big Bird didn't forget"
"Just trying to get his vote in"
"Look who showed up at the poll..."
"Voting done right"
"So  this guy exercised his right to vote."
"I wonder who he's voting for."
"I wonder who this guy is voting for..."
"I wonder who this guy is voting for"
"Guess who showed up to vote today?"
"Big Bird went to Vote today. Go Sesame Street"
"Big Bird goes to vote."
"A Breath Taking View of The Milky Way from Mars"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars."
"True story"
"Well that esca- oh..."
"&quot;Keep on Dancing til the World Ends&quot; (xpost from r/AbandonedPorn)"
"Abandoned Nightclub."
"The apple doesn't fall far from the tree"
"I must go..."
"I don't know what to look at"
"Go to the pet shop  go to the petshop  go to the petshop..."
"I do this at least once a day."
"Cristo Redentor - Brazil"
"So amazi... No  wait!"
"What the people in the house or horrors were seeing"
"&quot;the best gif I've ever found [FIXED]"
"Oh  you wanna have a comment war! I've been here 3 years motherfucker! you! CAN'T! HURT ME! ANYMORE!"
"Fooling Around With GifSound When I Made This"
"Realistic gun sounds."
"So the truffle shuffle DOES have a purpose!"
"The queen's request."
"How I feel when I'm about to fill an empty stomach"
"When I see something NSFW on r/funny"
"Just moved to the USA from the UK. How I feel not having to eat Scottish food anymore."
"50 Shades of lego [NSFW]"
"My wife asked me to buy her this new Lego set. I didn't even know she liked Legos (NSFWish)"
"when you see it....total mind fuck"
"When you see it . . ."
"see if you can find it. but don't tell"
"Panacea [gif]"
"3Tard Moon Update"
"The Grumpiest Moon"
"The Grumpiest Moon"
"The Grumpiest Moon"
"1 year of trying to get to the front page..."
"BFFS at the water fountain"
"This makes me cringe [NSFW]"
"Akira Punch! (NSFW)"
"When people knock my love for rpgs"
"My Little Pony?"
"Doug  from Ugly Americans"
"How I feel clearing my browser history after fapping"
"Walk Away"
"Sage advice"
"NEXT LEVEL"
"I think it's windy."
"I guess it was windy today then."
"It was rather windy in Britain today."
"Meanwhile  in Scotland.."
"How the Bison almost went extinct"
"Pile of Bison Skulls from the 1870's"
"Bison Skull Pile"
"Pile of over hunted American bison skulls in 1870."
"Mt. Rainier casting a shadow on an overcast sky"
"Shadow on clouds"
"you....fuck you (Idiocracy)"
"Air hockey just became my favorite sport"
"Damn Motha Earf  you craaazzzzy!"
"Sounds legit..."
"A true miracle."
"Crabs Don't give a fuck."
"How this fellow feels about losing a limb."
"Like I Give A Fuck!"
"When my whore of an ex-gf texts me and tells me she &quot;misses me&quot;"
"Night in Hong Kong. (High resolution)"
"The stats on internet pornography"
"No Fap Thanksgiving!"
"Adalia the tank engine"
"We are legally required to make sure you are 18 years or older"
"I love this."
"Oh Japan..."
"doh."
"did an image search for wtf  what I saw was fitting"
"This made me laugh a lot harder than it should have."
"How I imagine when redditors with cats try to leave reddit."
"The Morning After"
"The Blue Dragon (Glaucus atlanticus)  one of the world’s rarest and most beautiful mollusks."
"Even mollusc deserve some love"
"This beautiful picture from a beach in Indiana!"
"The Chicago Skyline from Indiana"
"Every time I summit a link!!!!! Fuck my life!!"
"I find this picture of Dali fantastic and perplexing"
"One of the most detailed worlds in video game"
"What is this game..."
"How I felt finding r/Girlsinyogapants. [fixed]"
"The crowd  Whenever you failed to pull off a FATALITY at the arcade"
"All glory to the Hypnotoad on cake day"
"It's my first cake day. My friend here wanted to help me get karma"
"Never thought I would actually do this..."
"OBEY"
"Yeah  ummm... I'll just walk."
"This Is How I Do The Sex"
"Cats and Drugs: the perfect mix"
"First time taking any drug as a hypochondriac..."
"Hey honey  I got tickets to the race again. You know what that means?"
"Man proposes to girlfriend in front of entire StarTrek cast  gets real Picard Facepalm"
"Abandoned subway beneath New York"
"Famous scenes posed by same actors years later!"
"Spontaneous Wingman Of The Year"
"Like a boss - epic fail"
"Just a pizza"
"Too much? Just breathe"
"This baby goat is a real asshole."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"Baby goats are unbelievably adorable"
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"I would say  he's the black goat of the family"
"A lake (1920x1200)"
"Yeah it´s a repost! Take that mods!"
"How I felt as my new boss was taking me to fill out my time card  after job searching for 2 months."
"You're drunk."
"All the Pringle Ladies"
"My wife when I got home with Borderlands 2 and headed towards the couch."
"After every single up-vote ever"
"When I get 5 upvotes on a post."
"What I imagine redditors with cat pictures look like when they make the front page."
"The first time I up voted a link to 1000"
"how i feel when a post finally goes well"
"Met a model on okcupid two days before my cake day (today) who is REALLY into Reddit and Karma-whoring..."
"How I feel as a new user to Reddit getting an upvote."
"How I feel when a comment of mine gets 50 upvotes"
"Romney's tax plan"
"Been working on this paper for hours now"
"The answer to the age-old question  what the Spice Girls &quot;really really want&quot;"
"This must be covered in chapter 1."
"Me  running to my computer after hearing Reddit was no longer down."
"Free Bread?? Give it to me!!"
"tomorrow my boyfriend gets back from his annual tour. this will be me."
"You're back!!"
"I frequently sit on the toilet so long my feet fall asleep  thanks to my reddit ap."
"Happy Duckling [gif]"
"WE TRIPPY MANE"
"Cat on Acid"
"What happens when you eat food you find under your couch"
"Reddit on LSD"
"Hypnocat  YOU WILL UPVOTE ME TO THE FRONTPAGE"
"When my friends don't like my choice in music."
"2 CHAINZ"
"SKRILLEX..."
"When I gross my friends out with details about my sex life"
"When a black guy says the N-word in front of white people"
"Who knew?"
"Might be a repost but it's a valid point"
"I'll fix you good"
"Ready to blow"
"There's a great caption for this image somewhere  but I'm at a loss."
"My wife got &quot;Just Dance 2&quot; for Wii"
"Whoever did this  you have earned my respect"
"Top gear isn't back until 2013!"
"Ban life jackets..."
"I'm on board with this. (From FB)"
"We should BAN life jackets"
"Life jackets"
"republican ideology taken to the next level"
"Snoop Dogg dressed as Count Chocula  Smoking a Blunt..."
"I don't have a dog  but if I did  this would be it's Halloween costume."
"Snoop has got Halloween covered"
"Shaved Bear......"
"I'm a hairless bear."
"Remove hair from well known animal  result = fictional monster"
"Shaved Bears are cute  right?"
"Ever wondered what a bear without fur looked like?"
"So this is an hairless bear"
"Shaved my bear after No Shave November"
"This is how a shaved bear look like."
"Bear without fur will visit you in your nightmares."
"Skateboarder wins competition for biggest balls... HUGE Mega-ramp drop in."
"Fuck...that takes BALLS!!!"
"Our favorite phone manufacturers during a test"
"Apple - Samsung - Nokia classroom"
"The current patent wars in a nutshell."
"15 Megabyte Hard Disk Drive."
"Ah  the good old days...."
"surfing on the water"
"Ah Olive you really did miss out"
"Every five minutes on The Weather Channel"
"Pretty much sums up last nights news"
"Nailed It."
"Russia's Got Talent"
"I found a new religion!"
"WTF Midgets?"
"Not exactly what I was looking for..."
"Fuck this shit."
"Trying to teach my parents how to use computer."
"Parenting at its best"
"Some people lack patience.."
"When I discover my submitted post has a typo in it.."
"Bear mauls a guy"
"You had one job..."
"Reddit  I present to you the cross between an Ewok and a Wookie. I call it... EWOKIE."
"Meet Snuffleupagus."
"I don't see what fuss is about."
"Hurrycaine (FIXED)"
"HurryCane [Fixed]"
"Crime fighting ready."
"It's a repost"
"The new breed of superheros"
"The heroes we deserve."
"Superfriends"
"Meanwhile in Switzerland"
"Kids today will never know what it's like to have to clean your balls"
"Kids today will never know what it's like to have to clean your balls"
"Because of lasers  never again shall I know the pleasure..."
"Wolves"
"Catformer."
"Looked up 'Reddit is my God'  this was the first result"
"Awesome costume for an amputee"
"Dandelion[FIXED]"
"Reddit in a Nutshell[Fixed]"
"Reddit in a Nutshell"
"reddit in a nutshell."
"Reddit was under a heavy load....and I couldn't get on the site..."
"Thats funny reddit... Now let me refresh the page"
"Looks like I'll actually have to study now..."
"A redditors worst nightmare!"
"The best way to get my homework done..."
"This is the exact opposite of how I would feel if I had that many upvotes! I dont understand why they put him under karma distress!"
"Can't help but feel sorry for him"
"a^2 + b^2 = c^2"
"SkatePorn 2."
"The War Z Steals League of Legends EULA (Really?...)"
"Every time I deal with customer service that has been outsourced"
"Look at it"
"Know your risky behaviors."
"He should of bought a better boat..."
"Probably a repost  but fuk it"
"When I woke up and smelled my mom cooking bacon in the morning?"
"My reaction when the title of a movie is spoken in the movie"
"Today I played Saints Row: The Third for the first time. My reaction."
"My face when I sat down and realized that I'm the only guy in a class full of college girls."
"When I go from playing split screen to single player."
"MFW I go from playing split screen to single player."
"Was I the only kid who got upset that this never got eaten?"
"Dinner while Home Alone (fixed)"
"ohhemgee kitten"
"who wouldn't hug this cute little devil"
"Reddit  meet Biscuit!"
"Googled WTF  was not disappointing"
"No  can't say I have..."
"YEAAAAH  BUDDY!!!"
"Nuclear water"
"There's a fire? To the rescue!"
"A star and a black hole."
"truth or dare LOTR style"
"Racist little bitches..."
"Mary Kate and Ashley: Racists."
"Mary Kate and Ashley: Redditors."
"When I see a bad street performer"
"When the aww just makes you stop and forget what you were doing that day.."
"How I feel when someone on facebook doesn't confirm my friend request."
"What I send people when they don't respond to a text."
"After letting my friend use my homework for most of the semester I ask for his once and he snapped at me..."
"Whales are Large [650x960]"
"Whale Kiting"
"In case you forgot how big whales were"
"Whale Surf"
"How I feel right now"
"How I imagine(d) reddit after Obama won."
"like a bauss"
"same height party"
"Excuse me.. just a couple of giraffes"
"How I feel when I receive a single upvote..."
"How I feel when i receive a single upvote.."
"My specialty is..."
"To all my socially awkward penguins"
"How to pick up chicks ;)"
"Crucified Elmo (x-post from r/funny)"
"Do it for the family"
"Cave Exploring."
"Please downvote this as much as possible."
"Magikarp used.... - Imgur"
"Math time!"
"He's always watching..."
"Goddamn it Yahweh"
"Jesus is watching."
"The Best Magic Eye Picture You'll See Before You Try To Figure It Out."
"Reading stories on r/Scary"
"Sickest painting ever"
"So I heard this place likes grumpy cats.."
"It has moobs..."
"Shaved my privates for the first time. [fixed][fixed]"
"It has moobs.....(FIXED)"
"Wat."
"People that make these I swear"
"A lesson for little boys and girls."
"So I found out i was dating my 2nd cousin my sophomore year.... Our reaction when we found out we were related."
"Slow motion left hook"
"Hey guys  I'm new here."
"I wish more parents would listen in on their kids on xbox live"
"Dafuq is that?"
"&quot;Too deep&quot;"
"Elves"
"Listening to music at a [6]"
"people go hard in my hometown of Richmond  VA"
"Breaking News"
"ASSEMBLE"
"E3 2011 in a nutshell"
"The men in black  and blue"
"Reporting for duty"
"badass level: 99"
"Sunglasses..."
"When I put my sunglasses on..."
"I don't care how old this is  it still makes me laugh (First Post!)"
"Oh The Humanity!"
"The photo for Paul Ryan on his wiki page is absurdly high resolution. Who wants to have some fun? I'll start it off with Little Face Paul."
"Every time I try to make it to the front page...(Fixed)"
"Mine."
"That's some good shit"
"Global Reddit meetup 2012. Time to party with my people."
"What every Redditors fix is  I assume? (Imgur roulette)"
"Move over toads"
"The best argument i have seen supporting gay marriage"
"The N line in Southern Brooklyn: completely flooded"
"86th St. Subway station. Water above the platform."
"With all the recent flooding..."
"NYC subways submerged in hurricane Sandy flood waters"
"The 86th street New Yorl City subway station. (The water is actually almost as high as the trains. look at the tunnel in the back ofthe photo)"
"Just about how legitimate these shark photos in NJ are"
"When a girl in my AP U.S. History class pronounces &quot;Colonel&quot; as (Cuh-low-nel) instead of &quot;Kernel&quot; and the class agrees.... - Imgur"
"Came home at a [7] and found this open in Photoshop when I woke up.. Not sure what I had in mind for it."
"Depressed Cat Breading"
"What I wonder every day."
"Browsing r/funny for more then 2 hours"
"How it feels after missing out on my first cakeday."
"I'm not saving into that thing."
"Slumber Party Court"
"Truth or dare - TV court show style"
"How Casey Anthony's Trial Should Have Gone"
"Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh"
"My reaction to 95% of what I see on DAE..."
"Mitt Romney is...Liberace!"
"Uproarious old Mitt does his best Liberace!"
"Uproarious old Mitt does his best Liberace!"
"Uproarious Mitt's a homophope."
"My little brother's homework. I've taught him so well."
"So  someone posted this on Facebook."
"In response to your Warren Jeff comments  I present: Child wives in Yemen."
"Sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words"
"Pictures are worth a thousand words..."
"Why so serious?"
"You guys sure do type fast..."
"Its Simple..."
"They will never find us"
"Lost Love"
"I Find This Attire..."
"Sophisticated Banana"
"Pandas are assholes"
"Smile"
"Cartoon or not this is one of my favorite couples of all time"
"1998: Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office"
"In 1998  George Lucas sent this to James Cameron when Titanic dethroned Star Wars from top of box-office earnings."
"Best gif ever"
"Boop"
"Too cute... Must share(xpost/funny)"
"Boop!"
"Boop!"
"boop!"
"Boop!"
"&quot;Grrr!! Uh oh.. wait..&quot;"
"You see the weirdest things at parks in LA. This guy was bench-pressing this goose for ten minutes."
"I think my friend nailed it! (Halloween)"
"How I feel when I'm dancing at a night club."
"Me when nobody's around"
"Amazing Acoustic Guitar Tattoo"
"A home run(xpost from gifs)"
"Frontpage you say?"
"Tacos"
"Louis C.K. on minorities"
"Louis C.K. on minorities"
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful..."
"Clever girl"
"Easy  breezy  beautiful"
"Ladies take note: this is what your kids think of your &quot;sexy&quot; facebook pix"
"Photobomb"
"Mean girls are spot on."
"Am I doing this right?"
"A very happy hamster in some flowers"
"This always manages to cheer me up."
"Wobble hands [x-post from /r/gifsound]"
"A face within a face"
"The Hulkster!"
"This Hulkin gem got sent to me last night."
"I have strep"
"Gym  tan  LAZERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"
"&quot;Breaking Ned&quot; (walter white/ned flanders)"
"Pik.eat.chu"
"What the Police ?"
"Just a reminder from Frog and Toad..."
"This is what came up while researching children's book illustrations."
"The Universe welcomes you to life: A letter"
"This was retweeted by Richard Dawkins this afternoon -- thought you guys would enjoy."
"Finally I have a job description."
"wtf is it?"
"Come to me  my pretties!"
"This is madness!"
"This is SPARTA!"
"300"
"malicious joy"
"Falcooooon PUNCH! (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Falcooooon PUNCH! [x-post /gaming]"
"What type of cooling fan can prevent this?"
"Falcon PUNCH!"
"Fear and Loathing in Tatooine"
"Another hilarious pic of the Swedish Royal Family."
"Princess Madeleine of Sweden didn't leave the stove on. She just figured out what's up."
"Princess Madeleine of Sweden just realized she left the stove on."
"Princess Madeleine of Sweden just realized she left the stove on. [X-Post from r/pics]"
"*Poke*"
"Princess Madeleine recognizes that couch."
"Realizing that you're the 3rd wheel"
"Just a couple of guys  doing the dishes"
"Just a Picture of Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson doing Dishes Together"
"Just a few guys doing the dishes"
"It's not gold but I'll take it anyway"
"Better than a pot of gold!"
"Ive change my mind about going to work."
"Theres not always gold at the end of the rainbow."
"Cleaning his Ferrari"
"Googled &quot;What is Reddit?&quot; Accurate?"
"When I looked up what is Reddit"
"I found this amusing"
"My buddy got a hold of a newspaper.."
"You make me cry!!!"
"amazing butterfly"
"Procrastinating"
"The progression of my thoughts towards my relationships recently..."
"HALP ME! SUCKD INTO ENCOM MAINFRAME!"
"This is how I feel visiting /r/wtf"
"When the downvotes keep coming"
"Found this in the comments of an r/radiohead post. I'll share with you guys."
"Dickish boss just announced he's stepping down."
"Monday off  wife still has work"
"Just keep swimming"
"does reddit like piglets?"
"im going to live in asia now"
"Not quite as romantic as they think"
"Just feeding some pigeons at the park."
"Don't feed the pidgeons"
"I miss trigger happy TV"
"Not sure if this is a repost  but I can't stop laughing at this."
"don't feed the pidgeons"
"When I try to bribe my girlfriend's family into liking me and then her Dad shows up and ruins it..."
"Where?"
"Religion in europe  this pretty much sums it up (x-post r/funny)"
"To those that feel the need to show your &quot;great gem&quot;"
"Whenever I hear someone say swag or YOLO."
"He knows his priorities"
"[NSFM] Ramen like a boss!!"
"Living inside a stadium"
"Meeting someone who smokes at a really lame party"
"When someone suddenly upvotes my comment that already collected a butt-load of downvotes."
"Sat down at a bar  got a burger and brew. Guy overhears my order and gets the same exact thing."
"Halloween in the Arctic - Imgur"
"Seriously though..."
"Wait For It..."
"I LOVE cock sauce."
"Yeah  it happens."
"Don't look at explosions"
"A Friend and I after a Midterm"
"Cool guys don't look at explosions"
"Cool guys never look."
"I want to walk away from an explosion to this song."
"That moment..."
"The sequel nobody saw: Paranormal Activity 2pac"
"My first driving lesson."
"TIL Ed O'Neill is a fucking legend."
"mind = blown"
"Ed O'Neill has been reading the same newspaper for 20 years. Married with Children to Modern Family. - Imgur"
"Ed O'Neill has been reading the same newspaper for 20 years."
"Tommy Lee Jones Reaction..."
"Ed O'neill .. So clever. [Sorry if repost]"
"Al Bundy has been reading the same picture for 20 years."
"It's a popular paper apparently."
"Teri Hatcher reaction..."
"Louis CK is amused."
"OOHH THE LAWD ALMIGHTY"
"Oh lawd almighty!!! xpost from r/funny"
"She percolatin'"
"How I imagine every Meshuggah concert to be"
"Bet you can't guess who I voted for"
"2TERMZ"
"All I want for my birthday is an electoral vote"
"2016"
"Congratulations  Obama."
"Dos: New album cover for 'bama"
"Sums up Obama's re-election..."
"2 CHAINZ OBAMA ... oh wait I mean TERMS"
"Best highlight of the night"
"2 termzzzzz"
"Gratz"
"So this is floating around my Instagram feed right now."
"My friend just sent this to me......"
"#2TERMZ"
"2 TERMZZZZZ!!!"
"How I feel after working the Customer Service desk after a 11 hour...."
"When I saw the commercial for Honey Boo Boo"
"The next person to make fun of Gabe gets punched in the face."
"4chan invents a unit of measurment."
"This is a painting done by Adolf Hitler"
"Reddit  having no luck with my paintings  should I keep going or give up and go into politics full time?"
"The path"
"one of my favorite comics to this day."
"What the fuck?"
"Cat owners beware"
"Dogs vs Cats"
"Cats are mean"
"Damn straight."
"Advice About Women"
"Pull Over?"
"Every time I get into the shower with my wife [Fixed]"
"Lobster Dog Transcends Omnipotence"
"When I succeed at something."
"Happy birthday you magnificent bastard"
"Happy 84th Birthday to this guy!"
"Happy Birthday you FREEDOM loving patriot."
"The eye of Hurricane Katrina"
"View of the eyewall of Hurricane Katrina taken on August 28  2005 by a NOAA P-3 &quot;Hurricane Hunter&quot;."
"I need this in my life...................... STAT."
"I need 10cc of butter over here stat!"
"It rained a little bit today... (I live in Las Vegas)"
"Handling flash floods: college level"
"When it floods in Vegas..."
"Kid with an Acquarium - Seahorses or Barnacles?"
"Seahorses"
"Sgt. Jason Pacheco  USMC SS - Imgur"
"Instructor at Scout Sniper School Sgt. Jason Pacheco  uses his prosthetic leg as an example to his student on how to properly set up a stable stand for the M40A3 sniper rifle."
"Can someone explain this to me?"
"MATH WTF...."
"Can someone explain this to me? Im kinda stumped."
"Meanwhile in Germany..."
"A little sports musical chairs"
"Gossiping Swiss cheese."
"When my frient almost drops the piece."
"When I walk around my tile house with my bong..."
"Recaptcha is good for something after all."
"They don't notify you ahead of time when it's your cakeday"
"How I react when people say  &quot;Checkmate Atheist!&quot;"
"when ever i think my post could be funny..."
"My brother's dog when he was a puppy"
"Blew my mind (xpost from r/funny)"
"The top gear lads..."
"Well  fame can be a bitch."
"Well.."
"How i feel seeing anyone mention swag."
"My reply to all the facebook swag posts"
"A cute representation of a very annoying occurrence"
"Every.Damn.Time"
"Every time I go to bed..."
"My time has finally come!"
"13 million dollar bank statement left at a coffee shop with this message on it... (Rewritten in the comments)"
"&quot;The secret to happiness is freedom. This right here is freedom&quot; - 13 million dollar bank statement at a cafe"
"&quot;The secret to happiness is freedom. This right here is freedom&quot; - 13 million dollar bank statement at a cafe"
"This 13 million dollar receipt was found in a cafe with a note on it. Thoughts?"
"Cat loves hedgehog."
"Cat Hedgehog brush."
"Self Brushing Cat"
"Funny Resume..."
"Why? Because Internet."
"What I imagine everyone on the Frontpage is like"
"Dining in high up in New York"
"Tired of Being Fat &amp; Ugly?"
"Well  I'm motivated."
"Tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Finally! Life hands me some gold!"
"Here's a dragon dancing in a club"
"Suspicious.."
"My zombie survival plan"
"Come at me bra"
"Goodnight  sweet princess..."
"Cop kicks handcuffed woman in the head"
"police brutality at its finest  not saying she didn't have it coming though"
"Kick me and i kick you back"
"Tag  you're it!"
"Boom"
"Sandy's response to the naysayers"
"I don't believe in global warm... um."
"I see your lavender fields and raise you tulip fields from Holland"
"Jus Dwight The Dog"
"Im Back.... False!"
"If we are going to Repost  mind as well start from the beginning"
"These always crack me up"
"That's a long face plant [midget gif]"
"Midget Physics = Awesome [GIF]"
"Midget Faceslide"
"judo midget"
"Even pets are getting into the Olympics. I present box jumping"
"If you have kids you know this is 100% true."
"Everyone You Have Ever Loved."
"I think he has the women's vote."
"BERNDERS!"
"That water is really dirty"
"Kate Fucking Upton"
"[porn] now that's what i call deep throat"
"How my mom reacts when I ask her to quit drinking so much.."
"I have the same problem with my beer"
"nothing to see here..."
"Wait for it..."
"Boo"
"My brother's dog and her Halloween Costume."
"Potentially the weirdest gif ever made"
"Well that's one way to do it"
"A classy party goer."
"Old but good one."
"Ricky Gervais nails it"
"How I feel anytime someone tells me I should quit smoking while I'm having a cigarette"
"With every upvote"
"How I feel when I get upvotes in WTF?!?"
"Me trying to get my balls un-stuck from my leg"
"Dat Alien Swag"
"This is what scientologists actually believe. [xpost from r/imgoingtohellforthis] [NSFW]"
"Aliens probe Uranus"
"No thanks  I'm fine... Really."
"Holy shiiiiiiiiiiiiii......"
"Best Iron Man Cosplayer Ever"
"what Iron Man would have looked like if robert downey jr was still on crack"
"wonder how that feels like"
"Downpour."
"I painted this on my girlfriend. You have 5 seconds to figure out what part of the body its painted on! ;)"
"Proof Obama was born abroad: he is an Ood!"
"Obama Unleashing The Sun During A Speech"
"How I feel posting to Reddit at work."
"How I feel when focusing on my Reddit posts at work."
"This is how I feel when ever I scroll down my newsfeed."
"All day everyday"
"Is It safe to say this is how the most of us spent our summer's ???"
"Just noticed its my cake day and my summer is almost over..."
"Well Shit."
"How I feel when reading about heroic stories that happened on 9/11"
"Still chewing..."
"Last year at College  finally got my own room..."
"College Problem"
"Whenever college professor talks about smoking weed or drinking  in any context..."
"The first thing I look for in a house"
"SLAM DUNK"
"Newspaper Fail"
"A mate spotted this tonight!"
"Some editor is packing his bags today"
"Too soon?"
"Puma"
"I'm in love with his shoes  especially the signature MeerKats."
"Googled &quot;O face&quot;..."
"I googled (googled)"
"Do you ever just?"
"Forever A Virgin"
"YOLO - Dog edition"
"[gif]YOLO"
"Saw this in my news feed  still laughing."
"Ugh...that was a rough monday..."
"Pull Harder!"
"Pull Harder!"
"Pull Harder!"
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"One way to deliver a baby..."
"That's some magic trick..."
"bitch get off me I'm eating!"
"basically my dad and I when I was younger"
"Pandas are dicks"
"PandaSLAM"
"Mortal Combat! [gif]"
"Mortal Combat!"
"om nom nom Fuck Off ! om nom nom"
"How do you have friends?"
"The Ravenator"
"Terminators can dance too  okay?"
"Let's see if Quizchris is telling the truth"
"Repost"
"When I'm in a bad mood and someone makes me laugh"
"Me when people's interest seems to fade and they all drift off to other subreddits."
"MFW I try to leave this subreddit"
"EVERYTHING'S RED!"
"What I do when I drive up to a red light."
"Is she saying 'No' or 'Stop'"
"I just wanted to see her smile again"
"The one thing I can't do after opening a can of Pringles"
"And now for something completely different!!"
"When I catch myself daydreaming in class."
"Browsing r/WTF today"
"Was browsing through the Internet and found this"
"I don't like talking anyway"
"this just appeared on my news feed with the title - &quot;ENGLAND HOW ARE THE OLYMPICS&quot;"
"daaaaaammmmmnnnnnnnn(X-post from r/funny)"
"Sexy Feet"
"One of the Best Stories Ever!"
"One of the Best Porn Stories Ever! (SFW)"
"Oh boy! 3 a.m.!"
"It's okay  little kitty."
"Rejected"
"The head shake at the end makes this one for me...LMAO"
"Didn't want to find him like this..."
"Didn't want to find him like this... [fixed]"
"Seinfeld Wars"
"So I Googled Newman (Seinfeld) today.."
"Made this Nic Cage shirt and thought reddit would approve"
"How does reddit like this shirt I made "
"I'll just leave this here.."
"Best friends"
"Waking up in the Midwest  this morning..."
"How I feel after 4 days without a smartphone.."
"MJ + ET 4eva"
"&quot;I'm Pregnant&quot;"
"Don't mind me..."
"Hall monitor or Neighborhood Watch"
"I've decided these are four of Reddit's favorite things."
"Reddit neighborhood watch"
"Boinggg!"
"Lets shake things up!!"
"There are no words."
"We have a difficult decision to make today."
"How I feel right before I browse reddit after a day of absence"
"As soon as I saw the penny arcade post at 6:30 this morning."
"When I see &quot;comment score below threshold&quot;"
"DIS GON' BE GOOD!"
"What I think of the Poland Vs. Russia game coming up"
"My reaction when I hear my friend is getting back with his crazy ex."
"Whenever a link tagged NSFW makes it to the front page of r/funny [SFW]"
"watching Masterchef  blind girl + sea urchin"
"My sister brought home her scumbag steve Boyfriend"
"How I felt approaching my cake day"
"How I feel watching the confrontation segment on the show &quot;Cheaters&quot;"
"When I'm about to read a reply with way more upvotes than the original comment"
"How r/imgoingtohellforthis feels on 9/11"
"The Real Passion of the Christ"
"That moment when someone uses the format &quot;That moment when ...&quot; and never completes the sentence really irritates me."
"My favorite C&amp;H rewrite"
"What am I looking at?"
"Raving Redditor"
"Everybody on the dance floor"
"Pretty much..."
"Dat Bass!"
"Firefox has encountered a problem"
"I Can't Reach!!"
"You guys let me in"
"Always remember this..."
"Daily Motivational Batman"
"Daily Motivational Batman"
"And heeeeeee's ouutttta heeere!"
"First game in Cat Olympics - Shot Put"
"Fuck this shit!"
"Falcon punch!"
"Louis CK on masturbation Forgive me if repost"
"CRUISE CONTROL FOR COOL ALSO YOLO"
"I don't think this is what the GPS meant when saying head south on Hillsboro Road...."
"I don't think this is what the GPS meant when saying head south on Hillsboro Road...."
"Sinkhole just opened up and swallowed the car"
"Creepy abandoned mansion"
"creepy mansion"
"Creepy abandoned mansion"
"Romney's family misspell their last name in &quot;the greatest Freudian slip in history&quot;"
"A Freudian Slip"
"These Romney supporters are dyslexic"
"Best misspelling ever?"
"The Romney family misspells their own name in what might be the greatest Freudian slip in US history"
"This photo describes Mitt Romney's campaign perfectly."
"Oh  the irony..."
"'R money? HELL NO!"
"How I feel as a Southern Californian on Reddit"
"Seriously  guys?"
"American TV Series"
"My reaction to all the &quot;Found out my GF is cheating on me&quot; posts"
"Why the fuck"
"Mispronouncing a word in a foreign language"
"How I feel as a colorblind redditor"
"What I think about most ''gamers'' on consoles these days."
"my response to all the old TIL/old news articles on reddit"
"After watching everyone disguise their gifts...."
"Close enough"
"Yo cat so fat..."
"Awwwe yeah! That's the spot (x-post r/gifs/)"
"Your mama is so fat  much like this cat."
"Kinda sad..."
"Classic Family Guy."
"This seems awfully familiar: A guy's opinion"
"He wants to save you!"
"Whenever I post something that makes me happy and it gets downvoted..."
"What Jesus thinks of your facebook Christmas posts."
"Cheetah chasing gazelle"
"A Lion chasing a Deer..."
"When my iPhone dies at 5% battery"
"*Spoiler Alert*"
"Bison make terrible friends"
"Two-year-old chimpanzee feeds milk to a 60-day-old tiger cub."
"Just a chimp bottle feeding a tiger cub."
"A monkey feeding a baby tiger."
"So my mom likes to dress up my dog while in gone. Today I come home to this."
"Seen a lot of these face swaps lately  so I googled it. Not disappointed."
"On My First Cake-day. Should I..."
"That is genius."
"How to tuck in your....WHAT?"
"Every time I watch my 5 year old playing Minecraft..."
"Every time I see this gif reposted with a new title"
"Me  trying to explain karma to a non-redditor."
"All I could muster when a kid said this during a presentation in class: &quot;In Pais Vasco(Basque Country  Spain) they speak Gaelic(Irish) which is a mixture of Spanish and Portugese.&quot;"
"All I could muster when a kid said this during a presentation in class: &quot;In Pais Vasco(Basque Country  Spain) they speak Gaelic(Irish) which is a mixture of Spanish and Portugese.&quot;"
"When I try to make religious people use reason..."
"Watching my Teacher today trying to use technology..."
"As a Brit in the US  how I feel when someone asks if we celebrate the 4th July in England."
"MFW my Creationist G/F talks about how it's wrong to breed dogs for specific traits  but doesnt realize thats a form of evolution."
"Been writing the theory section of my thesis  this has been my face for the past 10 hours..."
"How I feel when I am trying to start conversation with an unsuspecting Redditor in front of me on the bus."
"When I'm getting a haircut and the lady is cutting my hair far too short"
"My exact response when my best friend said Fox News is a liberal station.."
"My reaction when I find out my little brother who has been on reddit a week has more karma than me after a year"
"Moderators at the presidential debates..."
"My exact involuntary reaction when I saw reddit was down."
"Get well soon..."
"How I feel upvoting a post already at a 0"
"Some like it sour."
"1 of your 5 a day..."
"hah  dumbass"
"Abort!"
"You when you are in the bathroom and the phone rings."
"When the phone rings while taking a dump"
"Man over board!"
"This is why spongebob is still around"
"Cutest Kitten In The World"
"Not sure if cute (nsfw)"
"Just Adorable"
"When I have diarrhea in a public place"
"When my girlfriend makes me see a &quot;chick-flick&quot; at the movies..."
"Dammit! Now how am I going to get rid of this thing???"
"Dog the Bounty Hunter"
"DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER"
"Radio Active Chernobyl Puppy"
"Cicada Molting [gif]"
"A cicada molting"
"Molting Cicada"
"Evolve!"
"When I open a pack of gum  with my friends..."
"King of Games."
"Throne of Games"
"Party Hard vs. Bad Reputation GIF"
"PARTY HARD!!!!"
"I'm almost sure this a repost but goddamned its funny"
"Party Hard"
"Party Hard and Often"
"How I look when drunk at a party"
"When I hit 1000 Karma with a reaction gif"
"When all my friends go out on Friday night and I'm home alone"
"Karma jumped from 2 to 20 overnight"
"headbangers ball"
"Party hard"
"Party Hard!"
"Lets party like its 1999!"
"Bounce!"
"I party hard... cake day hard."
"NOPE...nope nope nope...frost spider"
"I'd shit my pants..."
"Facehugger."
"Id shit my pants"
"The first month after I buy a new hat I really like..."
"Meanwhile  in Japan..."
"I don't understand... (x-post from r/funny)"
"Oh Japan."
"what? I don't even..."
"You talkin' to me?"
"Mutual dislike"
"Zombie Pikachu"
"Ron you little man-whore..."
"I'll show her for choosing Ron."
"Disney just bought Lucasfilm"
"The Canadian side"
"Some awesome pictures of Obama"
"Any information on this bong baby? It's all over my news feed on FB."
"My reaction whenever I read the comments on a conspiracy video on Youtube."
"i wanna meet this guy"
"He's been framed!"
"My 2 pound kitten vs. my 100 pound dog"
"My 2lb kitten vs my 100lb dog"
"Just Putin with his new ride"
"Link's gettin dat ass"
"Sometimes you're so sure you're going to make it.... but alas...."
"Colorado Springs  CO is on fire. 65mph winds blew it into the city today. Looked like Armageddon."
"om nom nom"
"When you've worked hard and succeeded"
"Well...."
"Sharing"
"I think I've found the best GIF on the internet!"
"Riker with it"
"Deal with it"
"When my new girlfriend asked me to shave my beard for her"
"Funniest thing I've seen on Tumblr... ever."
"That look of satisfaction on his face"
"lolwut gif with catchy music [FIXED] [NSFW]"
"Well there goes my childhood"
"found this little guy when i went bushwalking"
"You don't need fur to be cute."
"When my professor asked the me if I looked at the optional online reading."
"I'll try that one day?"
"Our Mission."
"Do it."
"Reddit  ASSEMBLE!!! (x-post from a Facebook friend who may or may not have found this on Reddit)"
"So....this just came up in my news feed."
"We should get behind this."
"this would sure stop their picketing  eh?"
"This would a good start for Westboro Baptist Church."
"Operation Gay Porn Bomb  more Anonymous vs. Westboro Baptist Church"
"Bit of a strange request... But worth it &gt;:D"
"We all hate the WBC so lets show them how much we hate them!"
"Come on  reddit! We can do this!"
"Repost!!!!"
"This is intentionally a repost for those who haven't seen it before"
"This is my new favorite comic"
"My attempt at photoshopping my brother's dog."
"Charles  freeze!"
"Guess Who Got Fired?"
"bob marley"
"People tell me I'm good with my hands"
"When someone asks me if i can roll"
"Fail"
"The AT&amp;T subscriber you are trying to reach..."
"She is scared by Sandy"
"Anytime I manage to get my arm around a woman"
"&quot;House in the middle of the Drina River near the town of Bajina Basta  Serbia&quot; photographed by Irene Becker."
"This guy took the security moat one step further"
"Always happens in sporting events..."
"Most likely a repost. But a banana getting owned always makes my day."
"&quot;Junior Senior: Move Your Feet&quot; + &quot;Most likely a repost. But a banana getting owned always makes my day.&quot;"
"never challenge a black man"
"Browsing r/new"
"The greatest threat to Western civilization"
"Tattoos Gone Wrong - Chris Brown"
"Not feelin it."
"This may one day help you save someone's life."
"First Aid"
"One of my all time favorite images. - Imgur"
"Minecraft rage (first)"
"Me Sleeping"
"Can not eat...can not eat...."
"What to do when you feel someone staring at you."
"Nightmare fuel"
"When I realize someone is staring at me while I am eating.. [FIXED]"
"How I looked at my friend when he showed me /r/spacedicks/"
"I thought reddit would like this."
"I was walking through the school library  when suddenly... - Imgur"
"This was posted on the official page of my college library. There should probably be some sort of explanation."
"I was walking through the school library  when suddenly... - Imgur"
"The Neti Pot [Gif]"
"Best gif on the Internet"
"deal with it."
"Your argument is invalid."
"My favorite WTF gif from the collection"
"How OP was created"
"For all your OP insulting needs!"
"4chan"
"I believe I can fall."
"Starfox is down!"
"Oh how i miss this..."
"STAR FOX IS DOWN. NNOOOOOO!!"
"Star Fox is down!!!"
"StarFox is DOWN!!"
"RAWRRRRR!"
"I whip my ears back and forth"
"Shake them haters off"
"That time of the month?"
"Gary  You Have no Idea What fantasy Football is  Do You?"
"I have found a way to cure all of your reddit addictions."
"A redditors' worst nightmare or the cure to reddit addiction?"
"The more you stare..."
"The url fits quite well"
"Rainbows!"
"&quot;Mommy  how do rainbows work?&quot;"
"genius idea"
"Pretty good Facebook find - Halloween? Go as a car seat!!"
"That's it! I'm done!"
"OH SHIT..."
"OH SHIT..."
"whenever you lose an argument on reddit..."
"Whenever anyone corrects me."
"The Picture Perfect Murder"
"The Things Your Friends Do Behind Your Back..."
"Woop Woop Woop Woop!"
"What it feels like arguing with your girlfriend during her &quot;bitchstorm&quot;."
"How most submissions to reddit go"
"Lets see how creative yall are. I have attached GIF. Comment on this post  starting with &quot;How I feel ...&quot; about the picture. Lets see who is the most creative redditor."
"still waiting patiently for the sequel..."
"Please make a sequel to this!"
"Wrong Number"
"My friend's new kitten"
"They See Me Rollin..."
"How I felt during the exam I didn't study for."
"The Little Engine that said &quot;FUCK IT&quot;"
"The little engine that......uuuh"
"Ninja Mouse"
"Skill level: Mouse"
"When you realize you've wasted too much time on reddit."
"Whenever I piss someone off in a game."
"Just chillin..."
"Sums of patent infringement these days"
"So this animal exists....."
"Could any zoologists  marine biologists  etc please tell me wtf this is!?"
"The fuck am I looking at? [NSFW?]"
"Penis shaped anemone....."
"A Species of Anemone"
"&quot;iPhone 5: because you have more money than sense&quot;"
"Celebrating a year on Reddit  with the manliest of cats"
"When my buddies ask why I can't go to the Strip Club drunk with them anymore"
"How I felt when my student loans got deposited in my bank account."
"Rack Rack City..."
"Money in the bank"
"The hivemind has spoken."
"reddit today"
"R/adviceaninals today"
"Facebook all day"
"Oh No U didn't!"
"Go ahead  call the police"
"So my friend just sent me this..."
"Get down"
"Catronaut"
"I will never understand their culture"
"I googled how to get karma on Reddit"
"I LIKE IT"
"Im glad wtf is still alive and strong in Japan"
"Politics in China"
"Holding the power button down"
"Blew my miiiiind. [pic]"
"Horsey ride!"
"The only way"
"The possibilities are endless..."
"Obama Vs. Romney"
"How I view the debate in r/athesim on which religion is more deserving of scrutiny"
"What the two party political system feels like [fixed]"
"The one thing missing from the election[FIXED]"
"Somebody didn't want chicken nuggets."
"Ronald McDONTGIVEAFUCK"
"When I see my ex with her new bf"
"Smashing."
"I wish this guy would follow me around to help me on my diet..."
"How I feel when its not my Cake Day and its someone else as."
"This is unusually satisfying to watch"
"Mesmerising"
"Me? Koala? When?"
"Whenever I see a male hipster  I wish this would happen"
"Manly man doing manly stuff in a manly way...of darkness"
"Like taking candy from a baby: BUSTED."
"Stealing candy from a baby"
"... Old chum"
"What is this I don't even..."
"Touch the rainbow"
"Yo  touch the rainbow [gif]"
"Every time I get a new programming assignment."
"Works every time."
"Toddlers and Tiaras..."
"Friends reaction when I told them I lost my virginity"
"I asked myself...WTF?"
"Party Boy Conmercial Set"
"Gangman style."
"When in Rome..."
"These dudes look cool"
"This never ceases to make me laugh even when I'm down"
"Dance"
"Ha!"
"So on my cake day  I am supposed to solicit upvotes from you all. This is how I feel about the whole thing"
"How I used to feel as a kid during Christmas."
"How I feel when my nephew takes my phone and he has sticky fingers"
"Cake day karma"
"SFW but I still feel dirty. Can anyone explain this?"
"I have no idea what is happening"
"So I googled &quot;what is reddit&quot; -WTF-"
"WTF.... I don't even ...."
"Mitt Romney losing at giant Jenga"
"This pretty much sums up Romney's week"
"Mitt Romney's week in a nutshell"
"Mitt Romney's week in a nutshell"
"How republicans feel"
"All of the riot gear in the world can't stop ..."
"Gangnam man"
"Oppa slender style!"
"oppa slender style"
"Warning label...like a boss."
"not a good time"
"DANGER"
"This will make you smile. [x-post from ITAP]"
"Dat Ass"
"Asiago Plateau  Italy"
"Asiago Plateau  Italy"
"The Scariest Shoes of All Time"
"These shoes are the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. Who actually buys this crap?"
"damn heels... YOU SCARY!"
"The suspect list for my recently stolen cell phone."
"Who has seen this gif before?"
"How I feel as a 26 year old going back to college."
"I'm 25 years old and starting college the end of August. I was told I have to take a freshmen seminar in order to graduate."
"I Can't Help But Feel This Way Every Time I Log On"
"My first day of college is Monday. I'm 30..."
"How I feel going back to college after finishing a six year enlistment"
"Taking English 1 my 5th year in college"
"Genius T-shirt idea"
"My face tomorrow when the Netherlands play England"
"Aquarium  Okinawa"
"What did I just find? Now I just need to find a use for this"
"George W. Brush"
"Hey  I wonder what this thing is  maybe - HOLY SHIT!!"
"Do a barrel roll (squirrel version)"
"Holy shit it's a water balloon!!!"
"Fo drizzle."
"Describe religion with one picture..."
"One of my favorite lines from The Office..."
"What reading everyone's political opinions have really taught me about the state of our country"
"I'm gonna crumb!"
"Mmmm...Toasty"
"And that  kids  is how sandwiches are born."
"im gonna crumb!"
"Powdered Toastman's parents [NSFW]"
"Don't forget the jelly"
"Is it bad I laughed so hard at this?"
"Library"
"Perfect spot to get away"
"Tell the truth  you never wanted me. Tell me..."
"Hello? Kitty"
"Testing a bullet-proof vest - c.1923"
"Never forget."
"I'm not saying it's HUMANS but..."
"Downloaded Dragon Ball Online (Which is in Taiwanese) the other day."
"Watching gangnam style for the first time"
"How I feel in lesson after 2 weeks off for Christmas"
"Every time I check out a new texture pack in Minecraft."
"Ramos Penalty"
"Bad aim"
"now THATs what happend to that ramos-ball..."
"Ahhh! Ahhhh!"
"LEMME SEE YOUR WAR FACE (xpost from r/gifs)"
"Creep me right the fuck out.."
"I'll never look at Full Metal Jacket the same way again."
"Walking into a room and forgetting what I came for"
"When Reddit found out I am both Catholic and Conservative."
"When i found out that i might not get social security when i get old."
"Me Reading Every NHL Lockout Article"
"Nothing to see here... just a kid playing ba-- OH SHIT"
"How to cheat at Rugby."
"The Reddit elevator"
"I found Conan O'brien's middle school yearbook photo."
"Whenever I see this picture  I just can't help myself from laughing"
"I fucking lost it"
"How did he??"
"One does not simply crash into Chuck Norris"
"The RZA  The GZA  Inspcetah.....Murray?"
"sounds like a challenge! [x-post from r/WTF]"
"Christian bale has the ZUMBA fever"
"Superhero Squirrel"
"Something I did with a squirrel I saw"
"We don't approve of wife beating"
"Beating your own wife"
"How most dates go for me."
"Engineers create flying object that propels itself by flipping inside out [FIXED]"
"My mom hated these..."
"Nothing made me flinch more than one of these bad boys."
"That ain't champagne."
"&quot;My dog found a dying calf  and my family brought him back from the brink.&quot; ...Six months later"
"Dog found a dying calf  family saved it  2 years later."
"Houston  we have a problem..."
"Traffic was backed up for miles today because a cow was in the road"
"Cow shaped hot air balloon lands in traffic"
"Have to wake up at 4:00 AM for the next few weeks"
"Supplies."
"Supplies!"
"Gets me every time."
"a funny gif"
"SUPPLIES!"
"SUPPLIES!"
"Unfortunate Children (because kids getting hurt is funny)"
"Can't seem to stop watching...."
"Nicolas Cage Who?"
"Draw the other half of the Rabbit."
"CARS ONLY"
"Don't you love learning science?"
"It's a fact!"
"This space fact is irrelephant."
"Don't mess with this red ranger!"
"Classy BBQ"
"Forgot the Grill at home .... had to imporvise"
"The first time I smoked trees"
"Sometimes I'll get my AutoCAD drawing to fit the first time..."
"What its like riding in a convertible for the first time."
"Looking for someone to to add up votes to this harry potter gif"
"walking out after finishing my last final"
"Instantly spice up your love life"
"Dirty whispers"
"How I feel when people say it's their first post"
"To whomever says ''I was going to comment that'' responding to another comment"
"When I finally get to take my bra off after a long day."
"HIFW I'm planning on taking a shower and my roomate leaves for the day"
"Just got my first acceptance letter into college! I'm so happy I could dance!"
"How it feels to miss your cakeday"
"woahhh..."
"D-I-V-O-R-C-E"
"boxing bear"
"How my friend makes lunch for the office. Like a Boss."
"Only a man would think of this.."
"Mankind's best idea.."
"Romeo Montague likes this."
"Bacon Taco"
"Whenever I try to make a comeback in an argument"
"In your face!"
"CK and Maron in '89 (am I ridiculous for thinking this is cute?)"
"Just a young Louis C.K. and Marc Maron. (swiped from facebook)"
"Louis CK &amp; Marc Maron"
"This guy has seen some things."
"The scarred old king of the ocean."
"Scarred Warrior"
"check out this bunny"
"Chuck Norris can be such a douche."
"Funny Jack"
"Boobs or he dies.. r/aww will not be happy"
"Gimme the box."
"Waiting for L4D2 Cold Stream..."
"The Most Elite Pilots on Earth Looking Incredibly Badass"
"His tongue moves to the beat."
"Giving my gf head."
"Obama says any law passed must have universal principles and not be based in religion"
"Good lord  why would you ever willingly walk through this?!"
"Uh. No thanks. I'll try the ball pit"
"Playing Counter Strike on a chinese server for the first time"
"Realization after sucking on a cough drop with strep throat."
"When I accidentally click on and [M] gonewild post."
"When you buy all your books for college before the class starts and realize you won't use them."
"Coming to r/breakingbad as a fan whos still halfway through season 4"
"So I got into an political discussion about the Sheriff's Department outside the RNC"
"After shaving my beard of 10 years."
"For my first cake day  I decided it was time to bite the bullet and finally visit r/spacedicks."
"Deciding to finally make a Reddit account the night I have to write a huge paper"
"Checkmate  Athetits"
"This gem just appeared on my news feed."
"dear athetits..."
"I made these wallpapers last night for a friend. Thought you might like them."
"I made these wallpapers last night for a friend. Thought you might like them. [x-post from r/StarWars]"
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA"
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA [x-post /r/pics]"
"An incredible long exposure shot of Earth from the ISS by Don Pettit / NASA"
"Amazing Long Exposure Photographs From The ISS"
"Amazing Long Exposure Photos From The ISS"
"How I feel driving my coworkers back from lunch in my jeep."
"Best...car ride...EVER"
"Why eyebrows are so important."
"Eyebrows make a bigger difference than you think"
"Skankin' Penguin."
"Friend Tells me she is mad at me... Look at all the fucks I give!"
"Qualifying for the London Olympics like a boss"
"Anything that would need 15 identical green ties must be good"
"Murrica...?"
"Truth"
"It all makes sense now."
"I find this more impressive than any skyscraper"
"Close Enough..."
"Must be an iPhone"
"Today is my pup's 10th birthday. I think she likes her present/dinner."
"Gave my dog a nice steak and carrots for his birthday. He's a happy boy."
"Its a View of my 15th Birthday(x-Post from /r/WeAreTeenagers)"
"Yeah  I totally believe you."
"This gives a whole new meaning to the term &quot;butt shark.&quot;"
"IT A SHARK!!"
"Epic Tramp Stamp - NSFW"
"I think I'd still hit that...(NSFW)"
"Last night I tried typing random words into imgur. Here's FARTS.jpg"
"Typed FARTS into imgur. It checks out. [NSFW]"
"My friend's dad and his cows"
"This is how I imagine people that make violence threats from behind a computer."
"Fight me IRL"
"Punk ass"
"fight me irl"
"Do you even lift?"
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"BOO YEAH!!"
"I look fabulous."
"Gettin' horny now"
"Bivouacking!"
"I'll bet this guy had the most fun at prom."
"Small gradual changes I can believe in"
"Swtor bounty hunter typical armor."
"Silence &amp; Respect 0.o"
"It's not the establishment she's disrespecting. It's the families of the fallen."
"Some people have no respect..."
"How I felt voting for a 3rd party candidate today.[FIXED]"
"Flies CAN be beautiful"
"Water Covered Fly Close-Up"
"Slenderman is Living in the Sunlight"
"Gets me everytime"
"When I have no Upvotes so 100% like my post"
"The Cookie Cup"
"That creep can roll  man."
"When my girlfriend says she coming over in an hour."
"open up your hard drive..."
"I don't even know if this is classified as a yacht anymore.. (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Whenever I see the top comment and the replies"
"Watching Olympic Indoor Sprint Cycling..."
"My thoughts after watching the season 1 pilot for the first time.."
"Seeing Priority Peter after being away from Reddit for 3 days"
"How I felt after being blocked for telling someone the president doesn't have as much power as he thinks"
"After watching the 15 minute game play of Bio Shock Infinite"
"MFW I saw the ending to the last episode of the Walking Dead."
"Whenever I take the elevator to the top of a 30+ storey building"
"Welcome to Australia  motherfuckers Yes  the spiders eat birds here"
"Land of Opportunity"
"Natalie Portman the Water Goddess"
"Is it just me or does the jungle make you really  really horny?"
"Guy Finds Big Snake"
"A redditors Kama Sutra"
"Don't get too excited..."
"Swimming"
"I wish there was an HD remake of THIS coming down the pipe."
"Count 'em."
"In the words of Syrio Forel [REPOST]"
"Stop singing already! [GIF]"
"girls fall like dominoes"
"Outta my way!"
"Move bitches."
"Right in the childhood."
"For my cakeday  my favorite gif!"
"Smashing!"
"Things that bother you  don't bother me...well...at times [first post]"
"Right foot two stomps"
"Right Foot Two Stomps!"
"As if dying a virgin wasn't bad enough"
"Asians  Balls and Nyan Cats"
"Wonka told them not to chew the gum..."
"Face illusion."
"I want to scratch my brain.."
"Iggy Pop has really let himself go..."
"Perry Jrs"
"It's not all bad in Australia."
"My favorite picture ever"
"I enjoyed this too much."
"Cat Cage."
"Baby Polar Bear Learns to Walk"
"Happy little bear"
"Walking home after a night at the bar."
"Polar Bear Learns to Walk"
"Polar bear learning to walk [Fixed]"
"Baby Polar Bear Learns to Glitch Hop"
":3"
"D'awwwww."
"How I feel when I get to the bottom of the cereal box"
"How I feel when I reach the bottom of the cereal box"
"After eating one small powdered donut"
"&quot;If I had two bullets…&quot;"
"Favorite line from The Office"
"Gale-Force Winds Directly to the Face"
"Since r/WTF has had so many Japan/Asia related posts lately  I decided to post my favorite Japan related .gif"
"... so it begins my first r/gifsound what have i become"
"DAMN that bike is fast!"
"They see me rollin'..."
"'merica"
"Me after getting my first ever upvote..."
"how i dance"
"How I feel at 31 every fall while all the kiddies whine about going back to school/campus"
"I actually have a technique for matching Gifs to music"
"Day 45: I have earned the Germans' trust..."
"Day 45. They still do not realise"
"I wonder what the story is behind this picture?"
"The Germans.."
"Day 45..."
"How I feel as a closet atheist at Christian Camp."
"They still do not realize.."
"She likes to be decorated"
"Finally finished all of my decorating for Christmas..."
"Dis finger is mine"
"Flying Camel"
"Meet the flying camel"
"LLOOLL"
"Oh shi---"
"Gary Neville: Taking Things Too Far"
"Gf's first handjob"
"First day in NYC."
"Anyone having trouble sleeping?"
"When all else fails  just play classical music."
"He's a real hit with the ladies"
"I live in North Carolina and I have a little farm there"
"Zachary at his best..."
"Free High Fives"
"I want some free high fives (cyanide &amp; happiness)"
"Rescue Reversal..."
"They say correlation doesn't equal causation but..."
"I know correlation doesn't imply causation but... But I think that  in this case  we may be onto something"
"Internet Explorer shares VS Murder Rates"
"Internet Explorer vs. Murder Rate"
"Internet Explorer vs. Murder Rate"
"Oh Jackie..."
"Stop!"
"Fibonacci on Sandy."
"Nature is awesome; Sandy and the Golden Spiral."
"Fibonacci is attacking the east coast."
"&quot;Mathematics is the language of nature.&quot; - Pi (1998)"
"Sandy and Fibonacci are close friends"
"When someone on Facebook posts a picture of a retarded tattoo they got and they're being praised for how cool it is."
"My reaction to reading theblaze.com comments/articles"
"Pretty much my reaction every time I see that 'Like if listening to this in 2012' is the top comment on a youtube video"
"As a Nintendo fan watching the showcase.."
"Going on Memebase after being a redditor for 5 months"
"When a guy in my class said that atheists are just their own gods"
"How i react when someone claims their meme is &quot;original content&quot;"
"Who wants some squash"
"What's under here... WOOOAH"
"Why was she down there in the first place?"
"Well shit."
"Canis dormiens nunquam titillandus."
"mmmmm feces"
"When do they tour?"
"Batman And Spock Playing The Drums"
"&quot;... sponsored in part by Crocs and Internet Explorer.&quot;"
"50 Shades of Grey  the movie"
"its a trap!!!"
"If Apple made bottled water"
"If Apple made bottled water (x-post r/humor)"
"If Apple made bottled water [FIXED]"
"Male Privilege."
"My desktop wallpaper."
"68 Years ago today  June 6th  1944."
"In the Top 5 Desktop Backgrounds NOT to have while opening your laptop on a packed German train..."
"The best part of Call of Duty."
"Just some slow motion lightning"
"Yay  slow-mo."
"Slow mo lightning gif"
"What a lightning strike in slow motion looks like"
"Not quite what George Orwell had in mind..."
"What a beautiful little girl..."
"Next time I think I am going to keep the light beers away from the dark beers..."
"Next time I think I am going to keep the light beers away from the dark beers..."
"Fire fighters dealing with not only fire......came up on my newsfeed."
"praying mantis being fabulous"
"They told me I could be anything..."
"Mr Boothat for president!"
"... your rioting is invalid [China]"
"Superglue!"
"Most accurate cosplay ever?"
"Fucking QWOP. Best cosplay ever."
"Cobra Kai look out!"
"QWOP [gif]"
"Here's an Asian guy playing QWOP."
"Can't even do it in real life."
"How I feel walking out of the gym after a leg workout"
"Waking up in the morning when you have Plantar's Fasciitis"
"I came here..."
"Spongebob is a lady's man"
"I came here to fuck bitches."
"Sponge bob knows how to get all the ladies"
"Freshman Homecoming..."
"Shove off Harry."
"When You See It..."
"Why you shouldn't ride in a car being pushed by a sled."
"It's little jokes like this that get me"
"My new favorite Romney supporter."
"I can't think of a good title for this...."
"Something needs to be done with this picture"
"Something needs to be done with this picture"
"Not really the photo you want representing your campaign..."
"I love Romney SO much."
"How I know NBC really does lean towards Obama. (From nbcnews.com's homepage)"
"Helping Obama win: hiding Obama signs behind Romney signs."
"Fluffy ball of anger."
"AND NOT A SINGLE FUCK WAS GIVEN THAT DAY"
"OH SHIT OH SHIT.....OOOO Pretty Car."
"Not a single fuck was given."
"MY BRAIN"
"4 Perfectly Round Circles"
"4 Perfectly Round Circles?"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Mountain Biker"
"Great internet  thanks for giving me another fetish (very slightly nsfw)"
"Great  the internet has given me yet another fetish. Now catgirls...[gif]"
"This was my history teachers wallpaper"
"Are you man enough to fill it?"
"Is it just me or had this bacon frenzy gone too far?"
"wow everything is grEAT"
"Fruit Owl? Dafuq?"
":D"
"Animal cruelty level: Asian"
"It's a pikachu"
"Googled Pokemon Wii game- found this. A wee Pokemon indeed"
"I choose you!"
"Googled &quot;Pikachu&quot; and found this..."
"I didn't know cats did Cosplay."
"MFW I see a restaurant having an amazing deal"
"No Karma points today?"
"How I feel as an atheist in the UK"
"Just finished Mass Effect 3 minutes ago and you know what?"
"How I feel as a Muslim only now visiting r/atheism for the first time in a good 2 months"
"My reaction to downvotes on My Cake Day"
"How I feel about missing my cake day."
"More like ATE the batman"
"It's simple..."
"Sax Tyrion"
"That age old question....."
"Who came first?"
"Dear mom..."
"50 Shades of What the fuck did I just read."
"Repost from /Wtf found it.....hilarious"
"wanna pick me up?"
"Contemplating like a sir"
"Cat in the Hat Jr."
"Meow!"
"When I make a grammar mistake on Reddit."
"So I decided to give 4chan a try last night .. this is how it went !!"
"Yea I win.....Holy Shit!"
"How I Felt When I Went To r/Spacedicks..."
"ICEBERG  ICEBERG!"
"Just some highway congestion"
"Gonna have to take a break ..."
"My reaction when I got an F on my math final..."
"When people tell each other they love each other on each others walls"
"To everyone who posts &quot;How i feel when...&quot;"
"Whenever someone points out that it's their cake day"
"A gay Vietnam veteran"
"Well that escalated quickly. (found on Facebook)"
"Facebook  this is getting out of hand."
"Boy that escalated quickly..."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Saw this on fb what the hell. [fb post]"
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"The majority of photos floating around my FB newsfeed"
"Well  that escalated quickly [FB]"
"Well that escalated quickly....."
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Googled &quot;Asian&quot; and got this. WTF."
"So I google'd the grossest thing ever..."
"Such emotional range"
"Advantages of Switzerland"
"You people and your archaic toilet paper... get with the times! You don't know about these!?"
"I don't think Dr. House means  what the church thinks he means."
"Something tells me the church doesn't understand what Dr. House was talking about."
"Cat hair"
"Oh kitty  how did you get up there"
"That's no place for you  kitty!"
"$1 sure isn't what it used to be."
"Exactly."
"A real sign of the times..."
"When I spend the night browsing r/WTF"
"Today  my mom- who has been single and not dating for 8 years- announced to my sister and I that she is &quot;seeing someone&quot;. This pretty much sums up my reaction."
"My reaction today when I found out that How I Met Your Mother is narrated by Bob Saget."
"Waffles with swag."
"Waffles with swag (x-post from r/WTF)."
"mentos and beer"
"Photobombed by Jesus [X-post from r/funny]"
"Casual Jesus photobomb"
"Quite interesting combination"
"I don't know man  I just..."
"I'll just never know"
"This meme has been growing like wild fire...probably one of my favorites."
"What if...?"
"Some hotdogs are just too good!"
"Tragic example of an in-bread dog"
"I'd LOVE an explanation on this"
"One of the first results when I google searched &quot;derp bear.&quot;"
"SPEED"
"Is this the greatest photo ever taken?"
"Hey! I'm not judging!"
"IT HAS ARRIVED!"
"Military necessities"
"How I plan to make it through No Fap September (NFS)"
"nice to know they have a whole box of it.."
"IT HAS ARRIVED!"
"My favorite Halloween costume"
"My girlfriend went to a baby shower and brought back some chocolate. I can't eat it."
"Food producers finally catering to our particular tastes..."
"New to Reddit eh? Come over here for your welcome gift!"
"funny penguins"
"just a scumbag penguin"
"When my friend told me he was getting back with his cheating ex girlfriend"
"Penguins"
"How I feel when my post is doing good then people start downvoting."
"What a name... Fap fap fap!!!"
"What a name... Fap fap fap!!"
"no fap september just got real"
"Why you never go Full Retard"
"He get's it"
"I think about this picture everytime I hear something that make my ears bleed"
"That door doesn't stand a chance..."
"Just witnessed childbirth"
"Anytime I see someone wearing yoga pants that shouldn't be"
"MFW Going to /r/shatter"
"Hangin out!"
"My wife tells me I need to trim my eyebrows..."
"Thats probably the best way to find out..."
"Which sex is your cat?"
"Stereotypes are bad."
"stereotypes are bad"
"In a world filled with greed and corruption  this December  three men stand up for what's right"
"Oh  deer..."
"Porn Logic"
"I work with Autistic kids  and one of my kids is obsessed with this picture."
"Puppy's gone full derp."
"Derpy dog is derpy"
"Any love for derp dog?"
"A picture is worth a thousand words."
"A picture is worth a thousand words. [NSFW]"
"Paul Ryan Working Out"
"first try on imgur roulette(possibly NSFW)"
"Me whenever someone uploads hot bikini pics on Facebook"
"Thanks anyway  I think I know how it works."
"Seems Legit"
"Seems legit."
"My brother just sent me this picture..."
"How I feel about posts criticizing other posts"
"In response to all the U.S.A medals!"
"I will see you all the pics of movies being shot in your neighborhood and raise you this.."
"How I feel realizing I missed my cake day by a month"
"My boyfriend’s reaction when I told him I’m participating in No Shave November… [FIXED]"
"Son of a..."
"This little guy just loves laser pointers!"
"Would you still adopt?"
"I laughed at this way to much."
"How I felt today after scrubbing in for surgery for the first time"
"How I feel giving tours in an art museum."
"As a female in the club"
"Bar stool for the kilt-wearers"
"The Only Stool For A Bagpiper"
"m-m-m-monster kill"
"Summer seems to be upon us. And the Knights of New are feeling it."
"Don't fuck with this guy..."
"Me when I get home at night after leaving the windows open."
"&quot;Oh look  a new toy. Let me just tou- OH LAWD HAVE MERCY.&quot;"
"Boom boom boom....work it  w w work it!"
"Sometimes I set this image as my desktop background and pretend they're supplying power to my computer."
"ruuuun"
"Two Corgis on a Tread Mill."
"Cuteness going nowhere..."
"It's just too cute!"
"It's just too cute."
"We got this [gif]"
"This is what powers the universe."
"Corgi's on a treadmill"
"Completing any task at an [8]"
"HAHA"
"Keep Out..."
"KEEP OUT!"
"Keep out"
"Oops!"
"That explains it..."
"This was in my newsfeed....."
"Oh Patrick"
"My friend just posted this on Facebook"
"I can't help but laugh... I'm going to hell"
"We are almost there."
"My name is Gangsta"
"I Think I'm Turning Japanese"
"My God...what have I done?"
"Good morning from Kuwait..its 7 am and we've a beautiful sandstorm"
"Colorado the next few days"
"Colorado the next few days (x-post from /r/trees)"
"Watching the Big Bang Theory When..."
"I think I'll stay home today..."
"70% Chance"
"Think I'll be staying home today...."
"But soft  what light through yonder window breaks?"
"They for sure like to rub it in..."
"Random act of kindness  indeed."
"A little act of penmanship  (x-post from pics)"
"Envy."
"Good god"
"Angelina Jolie  obviously"
"Call me Bird of Paradise"
"Bill Cosby! What are you doing to that child?"
"When I get drunk and my friends try to stop me from sending messages to my ex-girlfriend"
"I Missed my first Cake Day. This is how I feel."
"We accept deliveries. (gif)"
"Rainbow Tree Bark"
"Macbook? Seems legit."
"This is how lumberjacks do BBQ"
"This makes me uncomfortable."
"True love has no bounds...."
"its shit like this america"
"Someone posted this in/r/Murica but it belongs here"
"Tell that to a Creationist..."
"Bringing /WTF back to its roots"
"The more I watch  the more confused I get."
"Baseball looks rather silly when you view it backwards"
"So my friend gave her rabbit a cherry. . ."
"Taco"
"Why....WHY?"
"Awww  come here you!"
"&quot;Take dead aim on the rich boys. Get them in the crosshairs and take them down. Just remember  they can buy anything but they can't buy backbone. Don't let them forget it. Thank you.&quot;"
"No one will ever believe you  beacause it's..."
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"bill fucking murray"
"Everytime I listen to the Tarzan Soundtrack...I have two ears and a heart!"
"SOUND THE HORNS!!!"
"SOUND THE HORN!"
"Epic tree house..."
"Oh just a treehouse more elaborate than my house."
"The Ultimate Dog"
"Googled picture worth a thousand words."
"I don't think I really want to keep going with the &quot;random imgur&quot; thing. Things are getting kinda dark..."
"Abortion (SFW)"
"4000 Children die everyday because..."
"4000 Children die every day because..."
"im ze best water bender"
"kitty fight!"
"kitty attack"
"Nature"
"Missing stapler"
"Missing stapler"
"not a horrific shark attack"
"Coffee..."
"Cunning Ruse"
"So i will just leave this right here... *backs away slowly*"
"There is no way this is making it through the security checkpoint at the airport."
"Found on the island of Majorca..."
"Oh god the awkward..."
"Saw this on Facebook. Parenting level expert."
"Parenting just got a little more awesome"
"Mark Twain in Tesla's lab"
"PANIC!"
"DRIFT!"
"Flight of the cat"
"I was Googling Greek Mythology stuff when suddenly..."
"Don't touch my virginity."
"Nathan Barnatt is dancing Link"
"HIFW we only have skim milk in the morning."
"Every time I see a Pokemon reference…"
"When I'm about to beat the Elite Four and lose to a critical hit"
"When my opponent miracles Bonfire"
"My face when people say I'm going to hell for not believing in god [FIXED]"
"Butt Genie"
"How I will spend my Valentine's Day"
"I'm gonna die the same way that I lived."
"Paula Deen's face on Katy Perry's head?"
"Tree Roots"
"Nature doesn't care about city planning"
"Decerves a repost [x-post from /r/faceswap]"
"Om Nom Nom"
"Trying to argue with a troll"
"I can't stop watching - laughing at this"
"Cuban Warfare"
"How I react when my post is getting downvoted into oblivion"
"Understandably  there's been many complaints about lack of OC. You're welcome."
"holy shit!"
"My Girlfriend."
"Where the white man screwed up"
"Where white man went wrong"
"Facebook finally delivers!"
"Paper due tomorrow  five pages to write  1AM. At this point:"
"Daft Flanders"
"Joker without makeup"
"tumblr strikes again"
"Canadian street gangs."
"Why Not Just Use One Of These To Carry All Those Groceries"
"Bad Luck Brian? Bad Luck Deer came first."
"I chuckled"
"Besides items 4 and 6  this also applies to LoL players [x-post from /r/gaming]"
"Fundies... I guess they're not all bad"
"C-Men"
"Not so sure whats going on here..."
"Scary Beautiful"
"Am I sexy yet?"
"This picture BUGS me"
"What the actual fuck is fashion coming too..."
"Being a teen in the 90's"
"Bane Capital"
"I wonder if Obama photoshopped this himself?"
"I'm America's reckoning."
"Oh  Hello."
"WOLOWOLOWOLOWOLOW"
"4chan on fighting (x-post because amazing)"
"4chan on fighting"
"Like a boss."
"Whenever my cat decides to walk on me when i'm sleeping"
"Penguin doesn't give a fuck (xpost from r/funny)"
"Stair Wars - A New Hope"
"Best Escalator Ever!"
"Emerging from water."
"Whoa bro... cut that shit out!"
"intervention"
"I found this pic ages ago which is still relevant to this day."
"How I feel about most posters"
"I see your defensive cat  and raise you caring cat."
"LED Zeppelin"
"[FacePalm]"
"This still always brings a smile to my face"
"I'm not sure if I should put this here or at /wtf"
"What a twist!"
"what is this  i don't even.."
"Didn't see that coming.."
"I did not see that coming"
"I don't think that's what it means..."
"Saw this of Facebook  WTF!!!!"
"This has gotten a bit out of hand…"
"I can't tell if this is a troll or just more stupidity on facebook"
"Seriously Facebook"
"This was seriously on a facebook page for kids..."
"Poison ivy rash - not for a weak stomach."
"I vow to find what poison sumac looks like and avoid it at all costs now."
"My friend wanted to show me what a bad poison oak reactionlooks like"
"Thought my son might have poison ivy. Came across this pic of poison oak."
"Bear Grylls doesn't have anything on this girl."
"Truly wtf  can someone explain what I am seeing and why they are doing what they are doing? [GORE/NSFW/WTF]"
"A day in the life of Hunter S. Thompson (x-post /r/drugs)"
"Realization..."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Planuit earth (X-post from r/yotubecomments)"
"How i feel about Rick Santorum dropping out..."
"Whenever I get more then ten upvotes for a submission"
"When you see one of your comments quoted in r/nocontext"
"HIFW Someone Upvotes My Comment"
"it takes about four upvotes for me to give this reaction"
"I successfully backdoores with TF's ulti  destroying enemy Nexus in ARAM  while playing TF for the first time ever..."
"Being a Canadian and having nothing to do with the American election  this is how i feel knowing Obama won."
"After 8 months of being on reddit and finally hitting 100 Link karma today."
"What happens if you ask for Photoshop help on the internet"
"Chihuahua  arriba arriba!"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop..."
"Paul Rudd knows why Starbucks sizes make no sense"
"Walka Walka my little Frobbit."
"What it's like trying to bring humour to my inlaws."
"Lord Of The Fozzies"
"Sassy comes in all ages."
"A Tribute to Shel Silverstein"
"I have seen some tear jerking things in my life but nothing at all prepared me for this"
"The only Futurama episode I can't watch"
"Oprah honey..."
"Evil Oprah"
"Bees!"
"What Oprah's really giving away..."
"All I can think  when I see the Oprah Upvote gif. . ."
"Is there nothing that yakety sax cant make even better..."
"BEES"
"Not the Bees!"
"the bees"
"One of my all-time favorites!"
"ermagerhd"
"How I feel when I successfully tell someone off."
"Cool story  bro"
"Sometimes  imgur URLs amuse me so."
"White people stole my car."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson during his funkadelic days"
"I heard you like pictures of scientists when they were younger (Neil deGrasse Tyson)"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson post dance floor tear up"
"A Young Neil Degrasse Tyson"
"My friend had a &quot;Catalina Wine Mixer&quot; last night. This was me.. (NSFW)"
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"The next next best thing!"
"Oh hurro dur!"
"DERIVERY!!"
"A repost  but this is the picture that got me hooked on Reddit. Little did I know my life would never be the same."
"Derivery!"
"fast derivery"
"I'm going to hell for laughing but I think it was worth it..."
"Makes me laugh everytime."
"BEEP! BEEP! DERIVERY!"
"Going to start to order Chinese all the time now"
"You tell 'em  kid"
"Playing this for the first time in my life ever. Best $3.00 I ever spent."
"Fingers crossed for this album"
"Waiting for this album right now"
"Satan's Venga Bus"
"Boom box Dominican Republic Style"
"Posting in r/gaming"
"Eyebrows"
"Go away you stupid dog"
"Average weekend in Russia"
"Horny Pirate's worst nightmare"
"If I fits I sits"
"This is England"
"The swag... it's out of this world."
"How I Feel After Finishing My Finals"
"This is what my classroom will turn into after my last final tomorrow."
"Whole Lotta' Rhythm Goin' Down"
"Dancing White Boy"
"Warning: Contains Clown [NSFW]"
"This is why I hate clowns."
"Nazi Chimp for you."
"I was just hanging out in the backyard  about to mow the lawn  when a monarch butterfly flew over and landed on my finger."
"I met a butterfly the other day... I asked him what he wanted..."
"Those things happen."
"Monarch Butterfly"
"Risks of soccer"
"Hug me jacket"
"Who needs a girlfriend anyways"
"The Forever Alone Coat For Men"
"Forever Alone Jacket"
"Need a hand?"
"I can always get those hugs I need now. (The new hugging Jacket)"
"Like the color green? How about holding hands? You are in luck!"
"A good coat for the loners"
"A jacket for the lonely"
"All alone level 100"
"lol @ Genesis"
"One of the best contradictions (and argument-winners) ever."
"One of the many contradictions of the bible."
"Well isn't that something else.."
"Why I fail at job interviews"
"Have a seat."
"Have a seat."
"Whenever someone overuses a meme in real life"
"When I realized it was my cakeday at 11:30 PM and I have nothing to submit."
"Forgot to put self post on my first post"
"Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga  except I still get to kill things."
"How I feel walking around campus as a freshmen."
"When my girlfriend gets her monthly bloodening"
"The Grand Canyon... if the Grand Canyon were a microscopic photo of a fracture in a piece of steel."
"The good  the bag and the unlucky."
"Believe"
"The opposite (r/XFiles)"
"Ghost cat"
"Found on random imgur"
"Paranormal Cativity - Imgur"
"Possibly the coolest/scariest cat .gif I've ever seen."
"It's called Freedom"
"It's called Freedom"
"this is my dream smokespot"
"Snotty sneeze"
"Sneezes girls reaction"
"O.o ..."
"Still my favorite .gif"
"she just has no idea what to do"
"ewe  seriously  so gross"
"Funniest GIF I've ever seen  don't care if repost. If you don't laugh  you're a terrorist."
"Come At Me Bro"
"Turtle slap."
"I'll turtle slap the shit outta you"
"The awkward moment when someone makes fun of you for being a turtle..."
"how i felt getting in trouble as a kid"
"When you don't say what you wanted to say to someone that pissed you off"
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"
"My favorite .gif for my favorite day  my cakeday."
"How I feel doing no fap September"
"Cannot stop looking at this..."
"Human  the time has come..."
"No  the brakes haven't been tampered with  it's just your imagination. That's right Dave  now just slowly turn the key in the ignition and go."
"The price is right… BITCH!"
"the price is right  bitch"
"Sex  every fucking time"
"Ministry of Silly Walks (aww edition)"
"Kung Fu Frog [775x910]"
"... hello  my ragtime gal"
"Truly incredible  I say."
"Truly incredible  I say"
"Coke  Mentos  and a condom"
"Coke  Mentos  and a condom"
"This is how my day starts when I'm on a deadline."
"With the rapture (supposedly) approaching  this is how I expect to wake up tomorrow."
"I have $6 in my bank account  no gas and no groceries  I get paid on Friday"
"Closer to god"
"Carl on Duty"
"the greatest of all reposts"
"The Dark Knight Rises..."
"Latest Dark Knight Rises poster..."
"If Adam West were in TDKR"
"The Dark Knight Rises: Adam West Edition"
"The Dark Knight Rises"
"RISE"
"The Hero Gotham Needs Right Now  Not The One It Deserves"
"A guy who makes me appreciate clean running water like nobody else."
"Just died laughing"
"Can't stop laughing (xpost from r/funny)"
"Friend sent me this right before he came to my apartment."
"Do you mind if I...?"
"Lawyer Up"
"I tried making another ice shower joke  this is what I must have been doing..."
"Reddit and Memes"
"r/atheism on Tim Tebow and starving African kids"
"A message from US auto makers: You wont buy our shitty cars  so ... [pic]"
"GM's spin on the bailout..."
"&quot;When it gets to here  we can drink again.&quot;"
"How I feel on friday at 3"
"How I feel waiting for Happy Hour"
"5pm on a friday"
"Envisioning emerging technology for 2012 and beyond"
"i can't stop looking at this photo"
"Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan kissing passionately on the beach"
"Oh my bad."
"Bump"
"Drunk horses"
"yeh right!!!  like this gona work...."
"Playing L4D2 for the first time and startling the witch."
"Encyclopedia of horrors from wheredidthesodago"
"Batman."
"So I guess Batman plays Skyrim"
"If you can be batman  always be batman."
"4chan on Skyrim"
"I knew the leprechauns were a bad influence..."
"Oh  Grandma."
"This made lol for far too long.."
"Stripper Level: White girl with father issues."
"Amazing pole dancing skills"
"I.... What?!"
"Hitler &amp; Sons"
"Nazi Eropop: American South Style"
"this may be done a 1000 times  but banjo hilter sounds better with banjo"
"How in the...I don't even.."
"How porn looks before and after you masturbate (SFW)"
"Porn. Before and after."
"Porn  before and after."
"Squeeeeaaaaallllll"
"I love this gif  though I don't know when I would ever use it."
"Stupid Dog!"
"[FIXED] The guy who brings his guitar to parties to impress females"
"The second i get my hands on my friends guitar."
"Did you Redditors ever feel truly passionate about something in life like this guy?"
"When I kill a bug that's been flying around for hours for hours."
"Accidental Racism"
"WTF? ABC News"
"I'm Sorry"
"They're sorry?"
"I don't know man...let's Google this shit..."
"They learned the hard way to not use Bing"
"Most heartwarming picture I have seen in awhile."
"when I peel the label off a bottle and now it sticks to my hand whenever I take a sip"
"This is how I feel about people who say &quot;Yolo&quot; and &quot;swag&quot;."
"How I feel when someone makes fun of me for watching Spongebob as an 18 year old."
"Since I haven't seen anyone else make this connection with Miley's hair  I present to you..."
"Kamikaze Mission"
"Perfect shot?"
"Am i doing this right?"
"Ninja Kitty"
"Ninja Kitty"
"Yoda Sculpture"
"Yeah  sure  happy as a clam"
"Clams."
"QWOP gymnastics"
"What it feels like when I'm about to comment on something only to find that someone wrote EXACTLY what I was going to say"
"How I feel trying to reach the front page."
"Pure gold"
"Party Hard"
"Party Hard [FIXED]"
"As the graveyard shift security guard at a luxury condo  this is what I look like to tenants at 5am."
"Gangcat style"
"Catnam Style"
"Catgnam Style"
"Gangham Cat"
"Better get packing."
"Jennifer  will you marry me?"
"Be very...very...quiet"
"&quot;WOMAN! You left a scuff!&quot;"
"The message is clear"
"I'm just going to assume the owner is overcompensating..."
"Depth Perception [GIF]"
"Oooooo who lives in a ......"
"Fish=1: Cat=0"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"It's so FLUFFY!"
"that is eternity.(x-post from r/quoteporn)"
"Eclipse"
"What really happened"
"mama im sick"
"Grade school summed up in one picture."
"My Precious"
"my favorite picture on the internet. (obvious repost but today is a special day for me on reddit)"
"&quot;And now  young Skywalker... You will die.&quot;"
"Nic Cage as Voldemort"
"He who must not be Caged."
"A Strawberry matures."
"My face when i see another &quot;Olympic diver's face&quot; post."
"Mine!"
"Can't decide if wrong or cute"
"What's worse is that the picture was taken with the boy in front of an oven..."
"This cracked me up."
"Right where I want to be [1680x1050]"
"Dragon Falls  Venezuela [880 × 550]"
"I see what u did there..."
"This cat sees everything"
"OH NOOOOO!"
"Well  I'm never eating peppers again."
"I'm gonna make a great quesadi— OH MY GOD"
"I see your anamorphic hand sculpture  so i raise you the anamorphic frog sculpture"
"Volcano and the Storm"
"How I feel trying to use nice cameras"
"Guy Turns Dead Cat Into Helicopter"
"Helicopter Cat"
"A man has turned his dead cat  Orville  into a helicopter. Orvillecopter."
"Meet Orville Wright the Cat"
"Guy made remote control plane out of his dead cat."
"Couldn't think up a title  but the picture is amazing."
"I must go my people need me!"
"The Sawyer Glacier"
"The only cool spider"
"Looks Like The Little Guy is Having Trouble..."
"After leaving any test in college...good or bad"
"The desire to march can strike anywhere and at any time."
"His vs Her"
"Dear Diary..."
"Reality sucks."
"Couldn't handle it..."
"My reaction when Call Me Maybe comes up on Pandora"
"Can't handle it man."
"When reddit went down"
"Note to self...."
"Note to self...."
"One at a time ladies..."
"That rock rocks"
"I wonder what that will all look like in another 30 years."
"Beautiful Launch."
"I googled face swap and was very pleased with the results."
"My favorite face swap."
"Found This Face Swap on Google"
"mmm.. mayonnaise"
"On the public transit system"
"well  mayo IS a pretty good snack"
"Roses are red"
"To the frontpage!"
"Onward!"
"How I feel being in a good mood on Reddit. (Upvote all the things!)"
"HIFW I'm in a good mood on Reddit. (Upvote all the things!)"
"When I am redditing drunk(gif)"
"Journey to the front page."
"Searched &quot;reddit&quot; in google search. was not suprised!"
"Castaway"
"MIND = BLOWN"
"Optical illusion"
"The moon and the"
"Clever Hershey's"
"Well played Hershey's  well played"
"Here's my gift to you  Reddit. Hold up your hands in front of your screen please."
"Me when there's a 2 for 1 Arizona Ice Tea sale"
"How I feel  as a new Redditor  upvoting absolutely everything I see"
"I've been unemployed since january. First paycheck comes on thursday."
"It snowed today in parts of South Africa; picture from the Joburg Zoo."
"It's snowing in South Africa today"
"Snow covered lion at the Jozi Zoo"
"Johannesburg  South Africa doesn't get snow very often  but when it does  it offers unique photos."
"My zoo is asking for donations of head and shoulders"
"This is Africa"
"HR Giger cake with Alien chestburster bride &amp; groom"
"I think this belongs here"
"This is why I would be killed."
"Stormtroopers are sexy too"
"this never fails to brighten my day"
"Get back to work!!!"
"What I fear happening to me every time I step on the dance floor."
"A friend and I  at 7-Eleven at a [8] - Imgur"
"When I go out drinking with my girlfriend."
"Hakuna Matata"
"the evolution of the bathroom"
"Am I the only one who prefers 'then'?"
"Happy birthday you magnificent bastard!"
"With Great Responsibility Comes Unemployment."
"Look who I found hanging around the streets!"
"Look who I found hanging around the streets"
"With great responsibility come unemployment"
"Good night  Reddit. I'll see you on the other side..."
"Why Reddit sucks this time of year every year."
"Frank Culbertson  the only American not on Earth on September 11th  2001 took this photo from space."
"9/11/01 from Space."
"The only picture of 9/11 from space."
"9/11 from space"
"The view from space of NYC on 9/11"
"A picture of the smoke on 9/11 from space."
"9/11 attack  seen from ISS."
"What kind of sick person would do something like this?"
"Fuck you star burst!! xpost from r/pics"
"How I feel after a large poo"
"When you get a late night text from the girl you like"
"Obama  Obama"
"Obama is Epic"
"obama"
"Yes We Can"
"Surfing with Obama"
"Hey! I love Obama too!"
"Then and Now (pic)"
"Then and Now"
"Friends forever."
"Some things you never grow out of"
"From Kitten to Adult."
"I'm stocking up on glowsticks  just in case this ever happens to me."
"A bad break down after a break up..."
"Typical Reddit Meetup."
"I walked into the wrong hotel convention room..."
"Nope. You can't see my internet history!"
"Dubai on a cloudy day."
"How I feel when my facebook friends don't take my SOPA posts seriously (x-post from /r/SOPAfunny)"
"Oh my holy god I just noticed its my cake day with only 2 hours left so here is a guy faking being a Airforce Senior Master Sergeant."
"Oh my holy god I just noticed its my cake day with only 2 hours left so here is a guy faking being an American Airforce Senior Master Sergeant."
"This isn't meth...it's CHARIZARD."
"&quot;This... is not meth.&quot;"
"GO CHARIZARD!"
"&quot;Choose&quot; your own adventure!"
"Turn to page 72"
"Louis CK on gay marriage."
"Happy elephant is happy"
"I think I found Ridiculously Photogenic Guy's grandfather."
"I really am conflicted over my attraction to young Joseph Stalin."
"Joseph Stalin as a young man"
"Dandelion on fire"
"Dandelion on fire"
"If you park like this  fuck you."
"OK  honey. Whatever you say. Sure."
"Hurricane Sandy on New Jersey"
"Pretty much my day"
"That's a weird way to choose"
"Would you be mine  could you be mine  won't you be my neighbor?"
"Won't you be my neighbor?...on Elm Street?"
"When a baby looks at me and their parents aren't looking..."
"I remember when  I remember  I remember when I lost my mind"
"Where is this button when I open my mouth and get into a political argument on Reddit?"
"When you click accidentally on an XXX link at work"
"Just keep swimming  swimming  swimming...[NSFL]ish"
"At least he's determined.... [NSFL]"
"A turtle eating a mouse [NSFW/NSFL]"
"Turtle eating a living mouse."
"Mouse VS Turtle [NSFW]"
"You know that scene in Titanic where people are slidding down the deck? Check THIS out!"
"I get to be propeller guy this time!"
"What a national tragedy looks like after 100 years"
"What a national tragedy looks like after 100 years"
"Something about her Seems off . . ."
"My Mum sent me this whilst she was at the store"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Open the door..."
"Three balls"
"Only In Australia"
"When I'm next to someone at a stoplight."
"Breakups....."
"Tablecloth Trick"
"Remember when your parents wouldn't let you have a trampoline?"
"Bend... and snap!"
"Needless to say I look in the mirror alot."
"Haters stay hatin'"
"I was playing guitar when my brother asked me to play some Nickelback"
"NOOOO!!!!!"
"Candy Machine"
"And right when I started to believe in Felix..."
"How it really went down"
"Monster Tasmanian King Crab"
"story of my life"
"When a gif takes more than 2 seconds to load..."
"HIFW my teacher tells us to proof read our papers out loud in front of multiple different people"
"(X-post from HIFW) HIFW my teacher tells us to proof read our papers out loud in front of multiple different people"
"When I want to eat and the recipe says &quot;Let sit for 1 hour&quot;"
"MReactionW when the coffee makers want to make fancy designs in the foam and I have to get to class"
"When someone posts a .gif that isn't imgur"
"when my fuel light comes on while driving home from work"
"when I see a comment linking to a youtube video"
"When the video is over 7 min long in r/videos"
"The preface in a university textbook..."
"Why I unsubscribed from /r/videos"
"She's going to be on tosh.0!"
"Whenever a link in the comments leads to a video instead of a picture"
"When my boyfriend tells me I should wash my darks and whites separately."
"When somebody's post is multiple pages of text"
"Whenever I hear someone say that we should be getting 8 hours of sleep each night..."
"when the teacher says &quot;you will be tested on this  but i never taught you it.&quot;"
"GF Said This About Slow Drivers in the Left Lane"
"Lori won't let Carl be hardcore"
"Thanks  Fred!!!"
"WTF Fred? (x-post from /r/funny)"
"We all need to be aware..."
"What have YOU done?"
"too much awesome for one pic?"
"and redbull does it again."
"And RedBull does it again. (xpost r/aviation)"
"the look of true victory"
"the true look of victory"
"How it feels when someone posts something you were about to post."
"When I see someone else's cakeday post on MY cakeday"
"USA swim team getting beaten by France"
"When I notice people are stealing my karma on my cakeday"
"Awesome Iron Man Stained Glass Lamp"
"I'm new to reddit and this is what i've learned about down voting"
"Heavy feat. Tom Jones"
"Found this and thought it was pretty relevant. (Xpost from /r/gifsound)"
"no"
"American Gothic: The couple from the painting."
"Googled &quot;Worlds Smallest Girl&quot; and Google Images did not disappoint... Just why?"
"ohh shit i think mom is coming"
"All Inventions are not equally respected."
"My thoughts on every post in r/new."
"Saw it on Tosh.0 and just found it again off Tumblr."
"All i want for my birthday"
"Obamalicious"
"Weee .. Wee wee ..Weeeaaaarrrhffhffff"
"I had a few decent posts here  so i got cocky...big mistake"
"Little Red Riding Ho'"
"How i imagine people who downvote comments which don't match their point of view."
"GET THAT MOTHERFUCKER!"
"First try at this  I love this GIF."
"Well  i guess that pole had it coming"
"I'm not sure why I find Japanese humor so entertaining. ಠ3ಠ"
"How I feel when I let my Girlfriend dress me..."
"Danish comic strip doing it right."
"Moves. He has them."
"wait what did just happen?"
"Well  not much to say about that"
"Just Morgan Freeman with a kitten on his head."
"When My Rommate and I Are Hungry at 11 PM  and Remember Taco Bell is Still Open"
"I see all your driveways and raise you....the hash driveway"
"I see your best driveways and raise you 1 undisputed greatest driveway ever."
"We doing the driveway thing? Can't without mentioning the Trailer Park Boys hash driveway"
"What the fuck is this? And  why?"
"om nom nom"
"Mmmmm....children"
