"How the American national anthem is generally performed in public."
"As painfully slow as possible."
"How to sing the Star Spangled Banner"
"In honor of the upcoming super bowl..."
"Look what I found in Costco! (xpost from r/ wtf)"
"Epic Troll Cat"
"Troll Cat"
"It's a Penis!"
"So close..."
"What's it like trying to get work done before Sunday"
"When I see a little girl sing her heart out"
"Absolutely Stunning [fixed]"
"It's My Cakeday! Here's an adorable picture of an otter."
"Ladies and Gentlemen  I Give You Asian Tourist"
"Katy Perry with a fan (fixxed)"
"What's my favorite rice peter? (added spoon and bowl)"
"Classic asshole"
"Spiderman's least favorite brand of rice"
"Maybe a repost  but this cracks me up every time."
"Popped up in my fb feed."
"Fire Breathing Act (x/post from /r/woahdude"
"Family guy"
"Here is a cat with bacon taped to it."
"I see you there!"
"Nailed it."
"Wait... What?!?!"
"CHECKMATE ATHEISTS"
"Found this on R/WTF thought it belonged here."
"have you ever been so angry you could toss a grizzly?"
"I hate getting cravings for things that don't exist anymore. Anyone else wish these would come back?"
"Motorcycle Parking: You're doing it right"
"I Don't Need A Receipt For A Doughnut"
"Annoying white girl on youtube....seems familiar."
"What I think of any time a redditor mentions a &quot;girlfriend&quot; [fixed]"
"Road Rage"
"YAY! Piercings!"
"Muffin Top"
"Going for that &quot;high school&quot; skinny look [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Sometimes mistakes can be so easy to make."
"I have made a huge mistake"
"its like having a worm in your eye"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE  public transport edition"
"One of my &quot;suggested friends&quot; on Facebook..."
"I'd be very happy if this was remade."
"Does anyone else remember this game? This is still the most unique RTS I've ever played."
"No. Just No."
"When my cat vomits and immediately begins eating it"
"not today..."
"Stay on target...stay on target!"
"Scare prank gone too far"
"Baby Sloth."
"Lady in front of me grabbed the last box of twinkies"
"Hostess is shutting down. Sign of apocalypse? Maybe  but one thing is certain life's little Twinkie meter will soon run out"
"dog"
"I actually &quot;cry every time&quot;."
"Education system"
"Every time a girl shows interest in me"
"Downvotes?...okay."
"Whenever Obama get's a marijuana legalization question."
"I just realized I am not browsing OKC anonymously."
"Check out this GEM I found on /r/atheism at a [7]"
"/r/spacedicks"
"My reaction whenever I walk into the YMCA locker room  turn the corner  and find a bunch of elderly naked men."
"Every time I read 'an arrow to the knee' Skyrim reference"
"Fuck this..."
"It's gonna be one of those days..."
"Corgi catching a snowball"
"Every time I post new content."
"Whatever he was trying to do  I don't think he did it right."
"This autocorrect couldn't be any better..."
"Auto-correct knows what to call em."
"Redditor fills a sandwich bag with sweets and a note which he typed up and states they are from thoughtful parents and were given out to everyone on the flight by the &quot;thoughtful parents&quot;. PS: He didn't finish any of the sweets. WHO DOESN'T EAT FREE SWEETS?!"
"Elephants need more love"
"That's no moon..."
"Can I come? NO."
"two bees hitting each other"
"Why on earth would you get this?"
"You look suspicious!"
"Nice to meet you all."
"Mike Rowe"
"Soon..."
"How I feel when I get downvoted."
"My Reaction when my roommate tells me the girl he is seeing is leaving her abusive boy friend for him and they are moving in together all in a matter of 3 days"
"Hitler can pull off any look"
"What the actual fuck is up with Japan!??!?"
"Apparently this isn't normal?"
"Stahp"
"The only way to clean your cat"
"This is what ruins soccer for me.."
"So this Anonymous protest is currently happening outside parliament in London."
"Vietnamese newborn's after exposure to agent orange"
"WHAT KIND OF SORCERY?"
":( (my favorite gif)"
"I remember when my brother and I fought over who got to play this on my mom's first cell phone."
"Every time I think I have a primo content for my fellow Redditors  you really put me in my place."
"It would sure be a different show."
"So...{Fixed}"
"So a guy walks into a bar..."
"Good Without God"
"Nice save."
"Sagely Advice"
"A box full of karma"
"My teacher showed the class this biology joke. I'm not ashamed to admit I laughed!"
"The internet is a lot like Ancient egypt.."
"Seems about right...."
"Cliff Golfing  you're doing it wrong."
"i almost feel bad for him..."
"Finding out it was my cake day right after midnight"
"Oh Google..."
"The Land Before Time"
"Ladies and Gentlemen I present to you the king of the internet  Larry Gooseman! [Fixed]"
"We live in a beautiful world"
"Like a boss."
"What I tell myself every time I see a link on this subreddit and still click on it"
"Chipotle Deconstruction [gif]"
"Chipotle Deconstruction"
"20/10 would bang."
"20/10 would bang (x-post from r/pics)"
"For all of you Star Wars fans"
"forever (happily) alone"
"What my parents said to me as a kid."
"Well  that explains everything"
"&gt;gf is prego"
"Mattress down the stairs"
"All His friends are dead"
"How old are you?"
"Shattered dreams"
"Well  at least he tried."
"Broba-fett"
"just take a nap"
"How It's Made"
"Cats."
"Spongebob Logic - Classic!"
"You can always learn something from Spongebob"
"How Spongebob draws a circle"
"I am not a 99% (Yet). I know our country is fucked up right now and I stand behind you with the occupy wall street protests. But I just want you to remember one thing..."
"I WILL GET DOWNVOTED TO OBLIVIOUS  BUT: You are not the 99%."
"Cats playing with giraffe."
"Hey  nice bike!"
"You've got some food on your face."
"No Boo.. why?"
"Could be anyone these days"
"Teenagers"
"Teenagers (FIXED)"
"San Francisco's Secret Mosaic Staircase"
"Police crackdown on redditors"
"This was on my facebook.....come on"
"My reaction to r/spacedicks (SFW)"
"The Most Complicated .Gif Ever"
"Tiny Redditor"
"So wait  normal pets DON'T like baths?"
"Just washing my hedgehog*"
"Just Bruce Lee being Bruce Lee"
"Every redditor October 1st  2012"
"For the LORD!!!!!"
"This just makes me smile  hopefully you will too"
"my little friends"
"Considering the size of the company  I thought this would never happen."
"Eminem advice"
"spacebar"
"Don't judge me Akinator!"
"kitten asleep after a hard day of laziness."
"When you got to this page"
"After eating White Castle this is all you think about"
"Why meow serious?"
"Damn nature you scary"
"Jedi Master Obama Wan Kenobi"
"My friend just drew this. Right in the childhood...."
"Right in the childhood....."
"At first I was in awe  but then I laughed for fifteen minutes."
"Oh watermelon"
"Seriously Charles."
"when i cant find an answer by googling it"
"Why me and tacos aren't very good friends."
"Spongebob has never looked better"
"Wow"
"Pandamonium"
"Best nursery ever."
"What i say when people ask me why I'm an atheist"
"Achooo!!!"
"Nom  nom  nom."
"Cry me a river. Literally."
"In today's paper - &quot;Set your sights on love&quot;"
"I can never do it right."
"do i look excited to you?!!!"
"The voice I hear for every-single-Grumpy_Cat-post..."
"Sex like this is just tacky [nsfw]"
"Tacky fetish (NSFW)"
"Happens everyday"
"Hold on!"
"Adorable Kitten vs Tortoise (x-post)"
"Turtles beware... Attack Kitty is on the loose!"
"Gotcha!"
"What a wonderful squidworld"
"It keeps blowing my fucking mind that this is an actual photograph."
"Mother Nature vs Man Kind..."
"Sunken Hotel Concept"
"damn sun  WAY TO SHINE IN THOSE TREES."
"The Narwhal bacons at midnight"
"Which one of you did this???"
"add a cat and were good to go"
"Real mature."
"Ron Swanson. Nothing other."
"Time to switch to a liquid only diet."
"My five year old niece thinks this guy is Harry Potter"
"A day at the spa"
"The dance of my people [nsfw]"
"When i see you"
"When I see you."
"Only one thing gets this kind of reaction..."
"I can't believe I forgot to post this today! Few hours left!"
"Finally!"
"I did [x] for my [x]. Am I doing it right?"
"I spent all day working at a 7-Eleven  so I wanted to give this to you  Reddit."
"The five second rule."
"Magic Trick"
"Bragging: A Physical Interpretation"
"My friend and I giving his dog a bath."
"Water will make rabbits appear half their original size"
"I guess that i will be napping on the floor today..."
"Hey bro  I think you missed a spot."
"Tanning fail!"
"Gives a whole new meaning to the phrase I am biracial."
"The longer you stare the funnier it gets."
"Missed a spot"
"Today you  tomorrow me."
"A soft top? Seriously?! smh"
"Everybody who makes the front page involuntarily does this dance."
"Don't be racist"
"&quot;Not only are we in the Universe  the Universe is in us. I don't know of any deeper spiritual feeling than what that brings upon me.&quot; - Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"How I feel when I come back to Reddit and see that I've been downvoted into oblivion."
"When I open my fridge and realize I'm out of beer..."
"Oh My God Italian Spiderman!"
"strangely beautiful and terrifying at the same time"
"Most awkward old west photo ever..I am not a cute saloon girl:/"
"GIMME"
"Peacefully eating dinner  when all of the sudden..."
"No  Marty...."
"Those disgusting ex-girlfriend porno sites"
"Stealth level:Dolphin."
"Dolphin vs. Personal Space"
"R/49ers thinks a true fan can laugh at their team..."
"Matching Footwear"
"Limitations."
"I just found out that I lost my job  while I'm still at work and no one has told me. I never thought I'd relate to this guy..."
"Pic of Jim Lehrer moderating tonight's debate."
"He died for our sins... Now he's back to return the favor"
"When I found out &quot;Overly Attached Girlfriend&quot; made a second song."
"'MERICA  I CHOOSE YOU!"
"Meanwhile in Australia..."
"Saw this on facebook  and started crying out laughing."
"How to Get Welfare"
"Going to hell  but... I will still be laughing when I get there."
"expressing yourself (work edition)"
"When coffee and monster kicks in at the same time..."
"I live in Scotland  this is about the most exiting thing that has happened all year: Some guy got his head trapped in a bin..."
"You shake it  Mr. Weightlifter."
"Ninja Warrior"
"How I feel whenever my friend tells me that we're out of rum - Imgur"
"What is this?"
"so i googled Anne Hathaway and this popped up..."
"This goes here."
"Anne Hathaway as a dog..."
"This is what the future can bring us."
"What I imagine an upvote to be"
"When i upvote something in r/new and it gets to the front page."
"During a successful post  how I react to all comments"
"(Possibly NSFW) A delicious snack"
"Yum!"
"A delicious snack."
"How could it have ended any other way?"
"Liu Kang FATALITY. NSFW"
"'MERICA"
"'MERICA!!!!!!"
"The Beer Tank. (Not sure if repost)"
"Oh Yahoo..."
"Is that what we're calling exorcists these days?"
"Math Class."
"Here's your choices"
"What else could you ever need?"
"it's just digging it's self a deeper grave..."
"Challenge accepted"
"Great view of a church"
"Every day i want to get shit done but..."
"What the constellations looked like back when they were coming up with them."
"MFW deleting a post with 1 downvote."
"Don't know if this is a repost found it in the depths of the internet. Enjoy"
"Oh sandy..."
"Sure thing!"
"[FIXED] Jumping from the edge of the world (animated gif)"
"Jump!"
"Felix  the house cat jumps"
"Going where no cat has gone before"
"Unicorns are majestic horned horses they said. Unicorns are beautiful they said."
"Unicorns are majestic horned horses they said. Unicorns are beautiful they said. (X post from r/WTF)"
"Searched for &quot;Jesus Poop Art&quot; This is not what I expected at all!"
"Herm..Herm.."
"what kind of haircut?"
"And everyone that has reblogged this on Tumblr believes it."
"Bad Luck Brian doesn't look so bad anymore"
"I CRIED"
"Seeing Nightcrawler play college football"
"The facial movements at the end are just fantastic."
"Titty Kitty (x-post from r/nsfw_gifs) NSFW"
"I'm lovin' it"
"Come at me bro."
"Every time I see a hot girl..."
"Ever had a song stuck in your head?"
"I've got a song stuck in my head."
"Let me just squeeze in..."
"Obama playing basketball. Someone make this a meme"
"Statistics"
"awwh"
"How could you say no to this face?"
"Punctuation Pirates."
"Punctuation pirates"
"Ladies and gentleman of Reddit: I give you the Pomskie."
"If ever a picture made me go &quot;WTF&quot; it's this one."
"The only time you should be confused by restroom signs. [FIXED]"
"How does this even happen?!? (cats)"
"Shoryuken"
"I am sorry pinata bro"
"Columbine High School class of 1999. Check the top left. [x-post from /r/MorbidReality]"
"What the fuck is going on?!"
"When im doing something and I just realize my music stopped playing a long time ago"
"Then what happened...?"
"Maybe he has done this before..."
"Abraham Lincoln understood the future."
"Just reformatted my PC"
"Edit: Omg this is my highest rated comment that's so embarrassing! Let me help you with that."
"That'll teach them!"
"THIS IS SO EXCITING"
"As a new Redditor  this is my reaction to seeing my karma go up by even 1 point"
"Me when my posts get triple digits karma"
"So human-like..!"
"Splat."
"How I feel whenever I post."
"Wat...?"
"There are 70 bands in this picture. Can Reddit find them all?"
"How I feel browsing /r/new"
"A scorpionfly. Oh HELL NO."
"Young Hitler"
"Woah"
"Breaking News - This could happen to any of us"
"America."
"Possibly the most reposted stunt by MacGyver."
"Let there be noms."
"Mein Swag Auf!"
"Racist PB&amp;J"
"Well.. it is on white bread.."
"This is how I feel browsing /r/WTF tonight..."
"This one is real"
"An island within a lake  within an island  within a lake  within an island."
"How Wars Are Won"
"Hair Like Fire"
"honestly  she should have known better."
"Is it warm in here  or are you in heat?"
"Meanwhile  somewhere in East LA."
"This guy shows up on my newsfeed thinking he's the shit"
"Just two sleepy otters holding hands so they don't drift apart."
"Just some sea otters holding hands so they don't drift apart"
"This shit makes me laugh every time."
"How I feel as a broke college student after depositing $22 in my bank account"
"Awesome 3D tattoo"
"Join my Google Circle!"
"Seems legit"
"Whenever a girl sends me any message including a &quot;;)&quot;"
"BATMAN! NANANANANAN"
"How the fuck? [fb]"
"Because Asgard's worth it."
"Bert &amp; Ernie"
"You know how you rewatch a show you used to love and realize how terrible it really was? This show was  and still is  amazing. Gotta love it!"
"&quot;Hey /b/ can you please photoshop the sun between my fingers?”"
"What hurricane?"
"this guy..."
"The very definition on an opportunist."
"I've never seen cats better utilized in a gif."
"reddit's hip hop"
"Me  when i don't get a joke on reddit..."
"My reaction when learning about relativity for the first time in physics class"
"25 Years of Zelda"
"25 Years of Zelda repos"
"As a Zelda fan for life  this blew my mind."
"In order to celebrate - here are all the awesome animal pictures I've gathered in the last year  Cheers!"
"NEDDDDD?!?"
"Got her mid yawn"
"Incredible bee sting photo by photographer Kathy Keatly Garvey."
"When relatives talk to me in Spanish."
"You're sick... all of you"
"Wow  lucky he only just clipped the bi...OH MY GOD."
"EVERY FREAKING TIME"
"Found this in my neighborhood..."
"ORIENTAL SLAP"
"Instant Ramen  looks like they're finally reaching out to their core demographics. [x-post]"
"Is that cows ass on fire?"
"And now everyone's sad"
"Batman got burned"
"cat kicks a bottle"
"Every time I walk through a spider web"
"When the LoL North American servers came back online."
"I can watch this ALL DAY!"
"Too precious..."
"Me upon realizing that my cake day had unknowingly crept up on me."
"Come on...come on...... AWW bitch!!!"
"Real Portraits of Disney Characters"
"Stunning view of The Milky Way from the surface of Mars."
"Gorgeous view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"How I feel finishing homework in a class I don't understand."
"First known picture of Detroit"
"No longer will I have to worry about my hair getting in my food while I eat! [X-Post from /r/wtf]"
"This is as 90's as it gets"
"Moses is a cunt"
"Toll Moses Trolls."
"i'll have the Ron Swanson special"
"A man's breakfast"
"A geologic timescale for creationists"
"So you're telling me I can control this without something going up my ass?"
"Van full of candy."
"Don't leave!"
"Do what with your surroundings?"
"Well  there goes my theory"
"Bollywood action heroes are infinitely more interesting"
"5 gum."
"How it feels to chew 5gum."
"Puberty: You're doing it right."
"RA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA"
"Holes..."
"Studying for finals"
"Monday mornings..."
"I want to ride my bicycle!"
"Wellington Airport getting into the Hobbit spirit [x-post from New Zealand]"
"Gollum Dives Into Wellington Airport"
"Best baseball quote ever"
"Richard Pryor knew what was up"
"It makes so much sense it hurts."
"class class class...."
"Yes  I also love the Australian Christian Male President [FIXED]"
"Tornados got a little scary today"
"So I made the mistake of buying Duke Nukem Forever..."
"How I feel after receiving a message saying I should be banned from /r/funny"
"I don't understand..."
"Jesus Swimming"
"My reaction seeing that judge beat his daughter for like 4 minutes"
"Waiting to get my computer back..."
"A good day off."
"HULK POOP"
"I feel it's one of the detriments of capitalism when something like this holds true..."
"when I hit 5 000 karma"
"My idea of parkour (x-post r/adventuretime"
"RIP Jim Henson!"
"Made me laugh like hell."
"Come on  Bruce..."
"SUPER DOG!"
"Mr. T is FRESH!"
"Listening to my calculus professor..."
"How I Feel When My Wife Is Talking to Me"
"Stale ass bread."
"And.... CRACK!"
"What is wrong with this photo?"
"Found this whilst browsing. Thank god for this dude's highlighting skills or I would have missed it!"
"Harden"
"Don't. F*cking. Play."
"Do you even lift?"
"Googled &quot;It's the weekend&quot;"
"This guy know what's up"
"Hostess has Filed for Bankruptcy..."
"The Real Victim of Hostess Going Out of Business"
"How I imagine NYPD after the recent empire state shooting..."
"4chan explains the Bible [xpost from /r/4chan]"
"The Bible explained."
"Drunk rainbow FIXED. from /adventuretime"
"Roboquest."
"Inflatable unicorn horns for cats  cats love them  except this particular cat."
"When you see it...Awesome!!"
"Some truly altruistic gentlemen"
"I see your most American and British photos ever and give you the most Aussie photo ever. [FIXED]"
"Please"
"Hitler as an SI unit"
"Just puffin' around"
"amazing view"
"I've waited one year for this moment."
"I've got the next 24 hours to milk this  you know the drill."
"I would like to step on your balls."
"I'd tap that [NSFW]"
"Perfect [NSFW]"
"Unhand me!"
"Um  What? (NSWF)"
"You want a more awesome Halloween costume? Here you go then. [NSFW]"
"Everytime I open up the fridge."
"Went to /r/spacedicks today."
"Yes  the points are like facts on fox news..."
"What I've noticed since quitting League of Legends"
"What it's like talking to a fundamentalist"
"My reaction to most female comedians."
"Checkmate."
"And not a single fuck was given"
"Walk into the bathroom this morning to find this."
"Snorlax on a Slip'n'Slide"
"The $50 Lesson."
"the $50 lesson."
"When someone reposts my original content and gets more points than me"
"How I feel after realizing I was out of toilet paper before sitting down in the bathroom."
"How I feel as a Catholic on Reddit."
"My reaction to all your 'studying for finals' posts."
"First time with the logo  how did I do?"
"Can a man go skinny dipping without being attacked by flesh-eating weasels?"
"I was looking for ideas for my pool party when..."
"Eyes on the game boys"
"Headbutt Lvl: Chi Chi"
"How i feel unsubscribing from r/aww..."
"Tanker Implosion !"
"RIP Big Tex"
"Bitch please!"
"On Top of the World!"
"Stay Classy..."
"How I feel about Windows 8 and the tile system."
"Me  as pertaining to getting the girl I like..."
"When my roommates explain Dragonball to me"
"How I feel 2 weeks into a summer physiology class"
"Finally got accepted to play DOTA 2..."
"Living in a dream"
"Dis shit don't stop"
"Team Romney!"
"Oh No He Didn't!!!"
"Leela poppin' and lockin'"
"Can anyone think of a legitimate application for this?"
"This one gets me every time."
"Saw this today on the subway"
"r/birdswitharms....? I have no words about this either."
"A piggy bank we'd all be able to use"
"How it feels trying to get to the frontpage"
"Sleepy"
"When I think a post is amazing and it flops."
"I feel like a moth in the middle of the night now..."
"and from gladiators  into Swansons"
"Ron Swanson's Pyramid of Greatness"
"Phone Silence"
"Kitty won't let go of the vacuum!"
"the kiss of death"
"wink"
"If you can recognize more than 30 robots in this pic  you are officially a master-geek"
"Wheres Wall-E?"
"How I imagine a lot of redditor's trips to the doctors' are."
"Ribbit!"
"When I heard Origin will be on consoles for Mass Effect 3..."
"I am the 1%"
"When i meet someone that likes the same nerdy crap i do."
"Just Another Japanese Game Show"
"A friend just kitted his car out with two brand new 12 inch subs"
"Well  thanks anyway"
"Probably the best gif. i have ever seen"
"I'm a pretty pretty ballerina... look at me spin  dance and twirl!"
"So much like the original"
"Oookay  well  that's a fire hydrant. And that's a women. And I can't explain much else."
"Stay hydrated."
"Didn't think this was possible.."
"Well  as long as we are posting pictures with big cat cubs  here's me with a friend I met in South Africa"
"Searched for &quot;I know something you don't&quot; on Google. Got this..."
"Burnt-out bunny."
"Me at work all day tomorrow."
"How I feel after browsing Reddit all night."
"After failing No Fap September five days in"
"Seeing someone I know on r/gonewild"
"I laughed so hard at this."
"Oh I'm just gunna eat some chips these nice people left fo- OH MY GOD NOO!!!!!!!!"
"That sad moment when you see teenagers on Facebook taking this seriously..."
"Who says this?"
"Cupcakes these days (x post from r/funny)"
"hugs!"
"Samuel L. Catson"
"Whenever I try to agree with someone on reddit."
"After a week of agonizing pain  and about $467 because of no health insurance  I finally was able to get some pain meds for my incredibly painful ear infection."
"Get this man a refill!"
"Ms. Marvel Cosplay"
"Go on the school bus they said... It'll be fun they said..."
"Lay's Potato Chips"
"When they have pizza at work And I am not there..."
"Or google chrome."
"Most epic boogie board ever"
"At first I was like- but then I was like  whoaa!"
"When I hear the word &quot;concur&quot;"
"How to deal with Cyber-bullying"
"People are always asking me if I know Tyler Durden..."
"I guess that is kind of awkward"
"How I looked waiting to reach 100 link karma after 3 months of reddit"
"I f*cking LOVE birthdays!!"
"How I feel on my birthday checking my Facebook notifications"
"When I find out that r/boobgifs is a thing"
"Welcome to Ohio...(Fixed)"
"Golden Eagle's talons or &quot;Damn nature  you scary!&quot;"
"How I feel when I'm downvoted"
"Found this on Dr. Peppers evolution photo. Good on you  /r/atheism"
"Canadians and their mooses."
"My little girl tuckered"
"Poor Lincoln never saw it coming"
"At least it's not from the back."
"The pug's face just fits so well"
"How Hades smokes his blunts"
"[pic] Wtf Disney."
"So that's how she got those legs..."
"Cat dancing tango"
"19 of 19 people found they had something in their eye after reading the following product review."
"Hey Reddit. I thought you might like this gif."
"@ [7] i found r/gifsound it has been life changing. here is bacon (i had to click picture to make work)"
"Seems Legit"
"Apple is going to sue..."
"A happy mom"
"The most useless desktop item of all time"
"downvoting on r/new"
"A swimming pool"
"How I feel about my bank account after a few months without a girlfriend..."
"How i feel when i wake up and one of my posts has 500 karma...."
"All I picture in my head every time I watch Olympic Swimming."
"winning"
"I really am trying to be happy for my friend who made it to the front page the other day."
"Waking up and realizing it is Monday. Here comes another week"
"This warning is just for your safety."
"Who's right again?"
"My reaction when I go down on a smelly vagina."
"...just aced my paper on a book we were assigned in English"
"I hate to say it  but many Christian's view on the bible can be summed up in the following picture."
"Saw this while browsing randoms  it's a cave in Vietnam"
"life during wartime"
"PSYduck (x-post from r/pokemon)"
"dat ass"
"The most innocent-looking doe  in a Japanese national park"
"They were right...."
"So that's how the world is going to end..."
"Best thing about naming Gary"
"Searched spongebob..found this work of art"
"Guys....guys listen!"
"Guys  guys  Guys listen"
"How I Felt When I Discovered /r/AnimalsWithoutNecks."
"(FB) Mother of the Century...."
"First thing that pops into my head."
"Just some kittens in a sink"
"Greedy Redditor dumps entire jug of fresh kittens down drain  just for a swig of that refreshing karma"
"This is a Maned wolf."
"Mark Sanchez looking like a fool"
"Whenever someone makes a really dumb  old fat joke"
"ATTACK MODE [on]&lt;&gt;off"
"Jake and Anne Mindfuck"
"Thanks Digg! Without you and your terrible redesign  I never would have discovered Reddit!"
"A friend just posted this gem on FB"
"What kind of monster would do this?"
"The one weapon every redditor needs!"
"This was the shit when I was a kid"
"You're Daaaamn Right"
"This is what that bear was listening to!"
"The Bare Necessities"
"Don't you know? Hitler-cat lives here."
"Teenage stupidity at its finest..."
"Why won't my money go in..."
"meanwhile is japan"
"asian jackass"
"when i eat lunch at my desk and everyone interrupts me"
"Fucking Incredible!"
"If I fits  I sits"
"I volunteer in the Child and Adolescent Mental Healthcare Unit in a hospital. Today I raced a little girl down the halls on a hoppity hop. This was all I could think of..."
"Pretty much how I feel about people"
"Oh Spider-man"
"Still tippin"
"Got pretty lucky with the timing on this one"
"Please..."
"More gold from Modern Family's Phil Dunphy!"
"Man is the pie that bakes and eats himself"
"Upper cut that hoe!"
"Space Cats album!"
"me when I check on posts I've submitted to reddit"
"&quot;What have I done?&quot;"
"Wu Tang Clan Ain't Nothing To Fuck With."
"When you forgot to do what your mom asked you to do while she was gone and she walks in the door"
"Finding out today's my cakeday  only to realize it ends in 30 minues"
"Real Life Hermes Conrad (x-post r/funny)"
"The last few days  I've been sleeping nude and going commando."
"Came across this while looking for wallpapers... WTF."
"Sad but true"
"I'm not the greatest photographer  but every once and awhile I get a shot I love. This is tonight's full moon."
"With the Mayan Apocalypse creeping closer..."
"Waking up this morning."
"G"
"How I feel as a straight man at a gay bar."
"Smoke Angel  Compliments of the USAF"
"Alien vs Predator"
"Me as I watch my cakeday posts..."
"The reason why people should not sleep at beaches"
"The reason why people should not sleep at beaches"
"Seems legit"
"System of a Cat"
"Cat jamming on guitar!"
"How I feel trying to lure my friends to Reddit."
"How I feel being a door greeter"
"Surprisingly enough  this actually works fairly well."
"(spoiler alert) the joker and robin in high school together????"
"Deal with it."
"Never thought of it that way"
"That's ok  I wasn't planning on sleeping anyways..."
"I've waited years to post this.."
"It's been a pleasure Reddit..."
"I hope this is how it happens"
"You knew this was coming."
"Came across this on my news feed. A little faith in humanity has been restored."
"Dry cleaning shop owner acting like a boss"
"when i see that ass"
"Not bad pencil  not bad"
"Bum drillers on the loose!"
"Troll level: Cat"
"When you see it"
"What religious people think they are doing (x-post  r/funny)"
"nailed it"
"oh dawg  you hilaaarious"
"Knock knock"
"I bet you can't find this picture on google..."
"Today is my birthday  so I give you something irrelevant."
"I bet you can't find this on google images!"
"Oh what a cheer! Willy Wonka is here!"
"how i feel asking my girlfriend for anything sexual"
"Oh what a cheer! Willy Wonka is here!"
"Steam servers five minutes after Summer Camp Specials begin"
"Stephan Feck playing with the pro's"
"So I was playing an iPhone game and this happened..."
"Draw Something Describes A Pothead"
"Just a startled giraffe"
"Well... Fuck."
"mmmHmmmmm!"
"how i feel now that i can post pics..."
"Found an overly manly man in Parks and Recreation."
"After an hour of toilet redditing."
"mexicans in disguise"
"Now I know why they called them passion fruit"
"8-bit dance"
"teach the ninja"
"I can't stop watching this for some reason"
"Run for your lives."
"Wasn't expecting that...Do not want (NSFW)"
"Even better in reverse"
"I didnt see nothing"
"Awesome German t-shirt ad(possibly NSFW)"
"Is it just me or is this giraffe receiving a blowjob from a manatee?"
"Broccoli MRI looks like fireworks"
"Tall ship HMS Bounty sinking off the coast of North Carolina during the hurricane"
"This is what an artillery silencer looks like."
"Whenever I come across a clever pun."
"For Redwall!!"
"For Redwall Abbey!!!"
"Red-bellied Short-necked Turtle!"
"My mind is so full of fuck"
"What I feel like when I'm drunk."
"*creepy smile*"
"This makes sandstorms look like fun."
"Meth lab explosion survivor.."
"I got my acceptance letter today. Not quite what I was expecting though"
"Tim's reply"
"acheived the perfection."
"Perspective"
"Animated Neon Movie Posters Should Be A Real Thing"
"Not quite a panther."
"Forever alone level: crazy cat lady"
"&quot;fuck. my. life.&quot;"
"Here's a picture of Shaq holding a Panda."
"And I Ain't Playin' !"
"10/10 would bang (xpost from r/gaben)"
"destination zebra!!"
"Cake day  my first gif mashup."
"Let Me Hit It Zebra"
"How I feel during the last 10% of downloads"
"How I feel the last 10% of the download"
"Dwight puts and end to dead memes"
"How I feel whenever someone at work complains about IE crashing."
"duck &amp; shark"
"A little snack for this beast"
"Grabbing life by the horns."
"When people piss me off"
"Three kids  a mortgage  a no-good husband  and now this..."
"Would you like sauce or butter on that?"
"Settle down ice cream..."
"An Ent's hardest decision at an [8]"
"So today I learned chicken nuggets come in four basic shapes."
"So today I learned chicken nuggets come in 4 basic shapes"
"You're welcome"
"Ayyyyy Sexy Latte"
"Wrestling with pet snake."
"Eewww a spi...oh shi- no  no  no  NO  NO!"
"NUKE THE GODDAMN PLANET"
"excuse me peta? what were you lying?"
"Finn and Jake pencil carving (xpost pics)"
"When my gf asked which of her friends I'd fuck [fixed]"
"Every time I hear my muslim friends say &quot;Allahu Akbar&quot;...."
"My reaction when my gerbil goes down my shirt"
"Said every girl always."
"This pretty much sums up an Arizonia year."
"Childhood = Ruined"
"Yesterday my aunt pranked a salesman at a phone store  and made him count all this."
"Mitt Romney is a cash whore in the past and would guess the same for the future!"
"Fuck you  I'm a horse."
"Don't settle for a lesser evil."
"Xbox Live truth"
"The grinding in this game turned into nostalgia that can never be satisfied."
"My new life motto."
"Proof of God's existence  checkmate Atheists. Christians: 1 Atheists: 0"
"Facebook nowadays..."
"Ooooh another Kung Fu Panda movie.....Oh wait."
"Superman's Super Antics!"
"Need to paint your nails? Why not..."
"Sadly this is kind of true."
"Sadly this is pretty much true."
"An extremely rare white rhino  of which there are only four left in the entire world  in the Kenyan Ol Pejeta reservation  roams about the plains flanked by armed bodyguards"
"35 years separates these two pictures."
"Saw this elsewhere  Not mine  but relevant nonetheless."
"Give me a dog any day"
"Nope."
"Reddit in a nutshell..."
"Now that's a bitch slap."
"How I feel after browsing over 700 posts at work."
"Have you seen him?"
"MISSING TORTOISE!"
"My lady gathered all of her courage. And told the story of her first &quot;spider&quot; hunt alone."
"Polyathiest"
"This guy's got the right idea."
"Meowstache"
"Grow a bear? Ha  amateurs."
"After spending too much time on Reddit..."
"Ultimate cat beard"
"Hair is cats. Your argument is invalid."
"Oh  Jesus!"
"calvin and hobbes starry night"
"Principles."
"Fuck You"
"Dream Fridge"
"MRW my gf says  &quot;We should experiment.&quot;"
"Incoming &quot;Moooooon River&quot;"
"I've got a weird pimple on the back of my neck"
"It's Friday."
"After 30 minutes of trying to figure out how to press 'A' to upvote"
"When i realized i missed my cake day"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"I was trying to look something up and found this. Army men at work."
"Would you be my friend?"
"My reaction upon hearing &quot;George Lopez&quot; is going to be cancelled"
"Me Looking At The Karma of Reddit Gods"
"In reaction to all these nude Olympian posts"
"In reaction to all these nude olympian posts"
"Sean Connery at US Open. Best reaction gif of all time"
"Sean Connery Approves"
"newborn gorilla gets a checkup"
"So wrong  Parent Trap mom. So wrong [gif]"
"Meanwhile at Valve..."
"Human release my penis!!"
"Watching My Parents On The Computer"
"No match for grumpy cat"
"TSA"
"When I click on a Youtube video and I have the top rated comment"
"I can't believe this hasn't been done before."
"A friend saw this cop texting while driving on the highway. Fucking double standards."
"to protect and serve my ass... - Imgur"
"This can't be right"
"I believe.."
"Here come's the BOOM!"
"Hamster Butt"
"I wanted to give you an upvote  but... (My first upvote gif)"
"When a story turns out to be fake"
"Not Bad."
"Don't be a racist!"
"Probably already posted but still awesome"
"House knows what's up."
"How I feel whenever I argue with a creationist over the validity of Evolution."
"Bert and Ernie cosplay"
"Where you should pee [flowchart]"
"in soviet russia the cocaine snorts you."
"Friend took this pic. Horse tree."
"Nerf"
"Gonna sing The Doom Song now."
"still my favorite picture on the internet"
"Dave? Dave's not here man."
"I didn't choose the knitting game  the knitting game chose me."
"Tried my hardest to not wake up the roommate last night"
"Walking around my house drunk:"
"Go home Big Bird  you're drunk"
"When my friend tells me I should karma-whore on my cake day"
"Oh YouTube"
"My wife never thinks her paintings are any good..."
"Mickey Mouse under the influence"
"Next time on WTF!"
"The final boss of the internet"
"Final Toy Story Boss"
"Prepare your childhoods(NSFW)"
"When a friend needs a hug"
"When I'm on my way home tonight and all of the traffic lights are green"
"Imagine swimming and bam you are in a school of stingrays"
"I told a co-worker I wanted to have my feet nibbled on by those little Doctor Fish so she decided she would scar me for life instead."
"Snoop on the presidential debate"
"Well  guess she was just following her idols... (lesson learned: don't let a girl do a man's job!)"
"How I feel when I don't work in the school computer lab"
"&quot;Attention Hipster Doofuses&quot; - a sign on a restaurant near me"
"Where did he come from?"
"Surprise! (Fixed)"
"In a friends room at Uni"
"Baby  what the fuck."
"Outta the Way"
"Hey New York  here's how you survive the hurricane (x-post from r/Sandy)"
"Not a bad idea"
"Too soon?"
"C'mon  is that the ~only~ reason I shouldn't drink out of the toilet???"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like pugs"
"a delicious hat"
"AH-CHOO Oh wait..."
"Whenever I go to sit at lunch in my new school"
"Gotta Love Family."
"Pretty low tactics"
"Nobody ever asks..."
"This gets funnier every time I watch it."
"&quot;The Last Rave&quot;"
"Colors by Sex"
"WTF is spindrift"
"The difference between men and women"
"All glory"
"Mckayla Maroney Dougie"
"Wookie Goldberg..."
"Now I feel like I HAVE to open the door..."
"Still my favorite picture ever"
"Paint WAR"
"Well if this guy wins  I'm moving to Cybertron."
"You missed a spot"
"Ultimate bro down"
"Bro-Off!"
"This drags up some PS1 nostalgia"
"hahaha fuck you."
"Gentlemen  the Australian Synchronised Swimming Team"
"How my legs feel a day after lifting too much at the gym"
"My favorite face swap"
"Left Brain  Right Brain"
"The NEW overly manly man."
"Best caliber defense in case of bear attack"
"I hope you all realize that THIS is the real Secret Asian Man song"
"Elevator-trolling-stairs"
"Elevators in Japan"
"Elevator trick!"
"meanwhile on the subway"
"This is pushing it..."
"Make up your mind!"
"I really like Obama  but this is getting silly."
"I know another movie that is coming out in 2015"
"This has gone too far..."
"I know the feeling  Eric."
"Most weekends. Heck  most weeks."
"When I look at girls in the porn industry"
"Watching the steam deals go by after losing my wallet"
"NFL QB Facebooking"
"This alaways makes me laugh"
"Captain America Vs. Deadpool"
"Push it."
"Snow wolf cubs."
"How I feel after drunk texting my ex"
"A size comparison of the different rovers  amazing we landed something that huge on Mars."
"Good going  America..."
"Evasion Tanking on Baleroc"
"Felix to Ground Control"
"Felix Baumgartner IN"
"Being a man vs being a women *some generalizations"
"I have to agree with them"
"Real life gateway to Oblivion"
"When I see 'OC' with pictures I saw on Reddit two days ago"
"Amazing picture of wild love"
"A meteor that just went over Ireland and England. It was amazing!"
"Did anyone see the meteor over England? My friend sent me this pic"
"Just looked out my window and I have never seen a shooting star like this before"
"What is this I don't even... (x-post from r/funny)"
"Overly attached girlfriend has crossed the line."
"Am i a pretty girl?"
"Today is my first cake day. Cheers!"
"Memes and Their Dog Counterparts"
"Memes and their Dogs"
"crazy backwards guitar"
"Hey man  Have a dollar?"
"WHAAAAAAT!?!?!?"
"AAAAWKWAARD"
"Carl..."
"Have you seen my blue--"
"Is that a frickin' llama with frickin' laser beams attached to it's frickin' head?"
"New  less-macho  picture surfaces from Paul Ryan's workout photo-shoot."
"Sounds about right."
"Check out my chickens."
"The day the hood burned down"
"Another victim claimed"
"this is how batman made me feel"
"Whenever I have the house to myself for an extended period of time..."
"&quot;Hey  listen!&quot; &quot;STFU  Navi.&quot;"
"For my cakeday I present my favorite picture"
"How I feel with my new George Foreman grill."
"I was looking through my old yearbooks when I spotted this..."
"Unfortunate teacher's names you said?"
"The longer I look the funnier it is..."
"Synchiropus Splendidus: One Brightly Colored Fish"
"A high res photo of a beautiful Mandarinfish"
"MERLKBEHRNS!!!!!"
"Annoying white girl on youtube....seems familiar."
"Overly Attached--wait  what?"
"Overly attached Nicholas Cage"
"pooh"
"His eyes ALMOST popped out of his head"
"I typed &quot;weird&quot; into Google Images... I don't know what I was expecting."
"I see your crazy houses and raise you WonderWorks in Orlando  Florida"
"saddest dog ever"
"What did I just say?"
"what have I waddled into here?? (NSFW)"
"I joined eBay for the first time today  and accidentally won an auction for something I didn't really want."
"How I feel everytime I go to Chick-fil-a now."
"To fly free in space"
"Aaron Paul's cereal commercial from the '90s"
"Too many feels."
"Ice Cream"
"This Picture."
"What redditors expect on their &quot;cakedays&quot; (x-post from r/funny)"
"How I thought getting to 1000 comment karma would be."
"Dat Back"
"I'm a lumberjack and I'm O.K. &lt;NSFW&gt;"
"omg; popcorn."
"Me trying to get karma on my cake day"
"Hey  it's google!"
"He is lovin it..."
"In honor of deer season a great Calvin and Hobbes."
"Saw this on facebook today. Don't think it needs much description. All I can think is WTF?!"
"What history books will portray Stephen Colbert as."
"My favorite moment in U.S. history. (FIXED)"
"Purity Ring"
"How rudolph got the other reindeer to shut the fuck up"
"What I imagine hurricane sandy will be like in boston"
"My faggot dog doing this faggot look."
"Mr. President  the Cardinals won..."
"Give him a gamebreaker!"
"Wu-Tang Clan ain't nothin' to fuck with!"
"Wu Tang Clan Kids"
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah"
"I seem to have encountered a force field..."
"Bear with extremely long tongue. (x-post from /r/wtf)"
"Drink up  Fifth Element lovers"
"who wouldn't take his advice"
"Fuck Da Police!"
"This is sand."
"This gets me every time haha"
"Beautiful Cloud Formation - Northern Ontario"
"Just Hitler riding a rainbow sled..."
"Googled Dickhead"
"Seeing the recent increase in ads across the internet really makes me think of where we are headed"
"I guess beggars can be choosers"
"Shock"
"a little shocked to say the least..."
"Tried the random imgur challenge  and...."
"I was one of the lucky ones"
"i missed all the hubabaloo"
"I thought of this when I heard &quot;binders of women&quot;"
"So close..."
"seems legit"
"I almost killed my family this morning making pancakes."
"The Problem with Walmart"
"when I'm sad.."
"best room ever  growing up."
"The Room We All Dreamed Of Having During Our Childhoods"
"A .GIF that had to be made."
"Every. Day."
"Please don't do this to me... Pleease..."
"That is the saddest looking cat I've ever seen."
"Took this pic driving down 142nd St"
"Little House on the River  Bavaria"
"Hidden Cabin"
"I throw my legs up in the air sometimes..."
"PARTY HARD"
"At every school dance"
"This is beastality"
"The citizens of Rockford  IL have spoken."
"Saw this on my fb feed...It has definitely gone too far"
"Hurricane Sandy strikes in my local mall!"
"Whenever I have writer's block."
"I won't even know I'm dead."
"I'm a huge metal fan..."
"Cat in a bee suit."
"Brittle as rocks  but I loved them anyways"
"But where do the presents go?"
"LOL!!!"
"Twins"
"that a nice statue"
"I want to play too"
"How to spot a redditor in the wild."
"The internet is leaking.."
"PARTY HARD"
"Steve Carell + Zack Galifianakis makes the best interview ever."
"The Great War - 1914"
"searched how to get karma and got this"
"C &amp; H"
"Serious Peripheral Vision Mind-Fuck"
"It was the 90s  man."
"Do dogs go to heaven?"
"Shit happens"
"All Mighty Malachi the Professional Bowling God"
"So i misspelled something on a post.."
"i'm a teacher  and i have a BIOGRAPHY section on the schools website"
"The iPhone 5"
"just walking through the nintendo neighbourhood"
"Don't ask.."
"Whack  whack  whack on that cat."
"Only a good friend could get away with this much teasing"
"How my girlfriend must feel when she's trying to sleep and I want to get laid."
"My Hard Drive During the Steam Sale"
"I was high on acid..."
"Waking up to 1300 extra karma from one comment"
"Stephen Colbert referenced Reddit!"
"just contributing... a true what the fuck"
"I guess that's why they're called Meat Curtains [NSFW]"
"Nigga got pants"
"Everything is better with wobbly eyes. [NSFW]"
"Yah you Munchkins  yah!"
"YOLO? YOLT Mr. Bond!"
"The double standard of having a choice on whether or not you want to be a parent [X-Post /r/MensRights]"
"The kid does have a point."
"Nope"
"Teddy Roosevelt on a moose. That is all."
"i can has water?"
"Pussy getting wet"
"so close"
"One way glass public toilet in London."
"Spin So Fast. No Clue When To Let Go."
"Cleaning time!"
"Couch potato"
"name the two &quot;people&quot; in this photo"
"Dinosaurs are funny.......right?"
"I want to hug this walrus."
"Ohhhh you shouldn't have!"
"This picture always cheers me up"
"watwatwatwatwatwat?!?!?!?!"
"Saw this gem of an ad tonight  I just... I... what?"
"Everyday after school  she'd make a point to talk to the janitor before she left. When she graduated  he gave the best gift she's ever gotten. &quot;This is for being my friend &quot; he said."
"Playing"
"Face Palm kitty .."
"r/aww didn't appreciate this as much as I thought they would  maybe you guys would... Behold the cutest tummy rub!"
"For the love of god stop doing that!"
"how I feel almost getting to the frontpage and failing miserably"
"A little late  but cutest costume ever."
"Up up and away!"
"It's not terrorism.."
"I know this has happened to all of you before."
"What a nice little famil... Omg wtf is that  thank god for full size images..."
"Two thumbs up!"
"iPhone 5S Leaked Already!"
"Subtle..."
"My parent's catfish is a happy little guy."
"Woman love to see you drill yourself"
"If we're talking about weird things 4chan does with their cum then here ya go"
"Still one of the best racings[sic] games ever made IMO [FIXED]"
"solid advice"
"Electric fence"
"Ill bet it does taste good.."
"PANDA LOOK OUT!"
"Stepping into r/aww by accident"
"Just broke a 1000 comment karma"
"When I got my first upvote ever..."
"Reddit when the President does an AMA"
"I think this accurately displays how I feel when I look through /aww"
"Every time I open my Comcast bill.."
"when i take my girlfriend to a fancy restaurant"
"&quot;It's a-me Bitches&quot;. First reddit post. Friend said you guys would appreciate this alt art I made."
"B-52 Stratofortress"
"just a llama.. that's fucking surfing"
"How it feels to post on Gonewild"
"Life Before Google: A Short Story"
"Life before Google..."
"Hula hoops dropped in coffee looks like an owl"
"HIFW seeing 4 of my favorite bands in one week at two separate concerts"
"Still one of my favorite face swaps"
"Looking good Anubis [x-post from r/pics]"
"Thought I was high for a second there"
"Wasps  they don't fuck around."
"When someone takes some of my food"
"Peekaboo!"
"Well. That didn't go where I was expecting it to..."
"i can now accomplish anything!"
"The worlds coolest clock."
"An awesome clock concept!!"
"no words for this (xpost from r/funny)"
"Equality for All Genders"
"Jump on in!"
"Why we pirate music"
"When I find a gif that loops perfectly..."
"/r/pickle's new gif (courtesy of ULJarad)"
"my new favorite gif"
"domino go round."
"My reaction when I click on a link and it's a Facebook screenshot"
"Whenever someone posts a youtube video response as a comment"
"When I open a rage comic that is WAY too long..."
"Walked into class not knowing there was an exam. This is what happened."
"My favorite Simpsons gif"
"Sparkles and fire"
"What's wrong with you?"
"Servers are always down on launch day. Just dont do it."
"I learned the hard way..."
"Romney style"
"No reaction at all..."
"The original Bad Luck Brian [FIXED]"
"I set my W7 background to change every hour. I was vacantly staring off into the realms of my monitor when this appeared..."
".... (Not my pic)"
"This is me today"
"How I feel every time I get an upvote"
"Tea Party's Ideal Candidate for President"
"After finding myself Googling &quot;How to impress people&quot;"
"FUCK DA POLICE"
"This just popped up on my facebook wall"
"Fuck the Police"
"Kidnap?"
"Kidnap?"
"Look who I ran into while in Vegas!"
"Nap Time"
"Nap Time"
"Ahhhh..."
"Meanwhile in Flagstaff"
"Wtf internet. . ."
"Good job  guys. Good to know we share the same opinions."
"Seriously internet!?"
"13.7% of the internet is wrong"
"No surprises here..."
"The internet is very positive about Hitler"
"They look like a nice couple"
"Remember Jayden  the little boy with leukemia who lot the Batsignal? He's in remission. And here he is with Christian Bale himself."
"So I shaved my pubes for the first time..."
"Me  when I decided to rip my isolated earbuds out  and realized the removable end-pieces got stuck inside my ear."
"Made a drunk run to the corner store. Grabbed a tallboy of PBR.After I'd paid and left  realized it was Natty Light."
"Michael J. Fox is a BOSS."
"Pew pew pew!"
"hello..turkey?!"
"C-C-C-C-C-CHOO-CHOO!!"
"The Bat Face"
"Facebook gets makeover  Google+ is open to public... (Repost)"
"Run  Neo."
"Don't worry  I got this!"
"I must go  my people need me."
"NOOO BUMBLEBEE NOOOOOO (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"seems legit"
"It's my cakeday and nobody's upvoting my links"
"Well that puts things in a new perspective..."
"Flawless Victory"
"He thought it was safe to cross the room..."
"fly kitty fly!"
"When someone who has never read Game of Thrones asks me who dies."
"Awkward runner"
"When i go for a run"
"Girl Nick Cage"
"And you thought Hitler was bad"
"Ancient Alien Deathray"
"How I feel about reposts"
"WTF American Legal System! The 1% have more privileges than just money."
"I do not give..."
"Another one bites the dust"
"Best part about being on a low/no carb diet? Still get to have this."
"Mac vs. PC"
"R.I.P. to one of the great actors of our time."
"Goodnight  Sweet Prince..."
"RIP Michael Clark Duncan"
"How i feel about Reddit after a string of unsuccessful posts."
"Still the best gif I've seen."
"I laughed half an hour with this"
"oh  we're showing off what our cities are famous for? welcome to worcester."
"You went full retard man..."
"My absolute favorite toy as a kid. Still wish they made these."
"The wise words of Jack Black"
"My man  Jack Black."
"I want to read this book..."
"Hyperdontia - the condition of having supernumerary teeth"
"Cute dreamer"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"[x post] Spin Cat"
"Out of town  and my friends are sending me texts about TDKR premiere."
"At least his tattoo is accurate. [NSFW]"
"QUICK! Catch That Bandit!"
"ITT we pretend to be redditors"
"Ninja escape."
"I wish more Redditors were like this.."
"Giraffe and Squirrel"
"56 years of Tornado tracks"
"DRIVE [Fixed]"
"As a child from teh 80's  this is what I see when I look at the DRIVE gifsound from earlier."
"Lets go for a ride at knight."
"Michael Caine  Morgan Freeman and Liam Neeson having a drink together"
"I wish I could have been there for this conversation."
"I'm not sure I understand. . But I don't really feel the need to"
"Disko Kombat"
"I see all your school lunches and raise you an Irish one. [Fixed]"
"Katy Perry = Paula Deen"
"Why Heroes Don't Use The Internet"
"this is why i love it's always sunny..."
"Just got my first 100andsomemore karma. This is how I feel."
"r/space this morning"
"My history professor said that if he had a rap album this would be the cover."
"Who do you think is going to clean that shit up  advertisers?"
"How I feel as a European right now.."
"Why smartasses can't be trusted."
"Baby Kangaroo"
"Tom like a bau5"
"I'm scared when I see shit like this"
"Nic Cage at his finest..."
"DAFUQ?"
"Oh Lincoln  always on the lookout."
"I finally tried some of those Dorito tacos from Taco Bell."
"Me after seeing the Black Dynamite commercial"
"MFW someones answer on Yahoo answers solves my problem"
"My new kitty ate a spider"
"When I pass someone on the highway with a car identical to mine..."
"An eruption of solar material  known as a coronal mass ejection (CME)  shoots off into space"
"I can shooow you the wooorllldddd"
"I can show you the world"
"I know it's a repost  but this is my favorite gif ever."
"What a wonderful day for a lovely bike ri- OH DEAR GOD WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK"
"Only in Canada."
"Only in Canada."
"Everything I see on /r/wtf"
"Cat Clouds"
"Ghetto pool party."
"Why should the mods of /r/shitredditsays get away with unlawful threatening?"
"You'll be Cock of the Walk..."
"The next Bond villan"
"And they said Chic-fil-a was against this sort of thing."
"fuck cancer"
"I know origami"
"Pretty Butterfly"
"When my girlfriend doesn't want to do stuff with me..."
"Jack and smoke."
"Dickhead (sfw)"
"Head."
"Your dog kind of looks like a..."
"Korean Missile Launch is a Success"
"So apparently my friend just got this assignment"
"I hope that's a typo."
"Even Creepier Than His New &quot;Boyfriend&quot; Song.."
"Spin"
"I need to stay on Reddit  but the power is out  phone is at 5% battery...."
"My reaction when I found out there is going to be another Star Wars trilogy."
"Ask and you shall receive."
"kids these days"
"Play outside?"
"Dual income no kids. DINK [Anti Chick-fil-A edition]"
"Do you think it's funny?"
"When I only study for fifteen minutes and think I’ll do fine on an important test"
"If anyone else had as much swag as Kobe  they would go insane"
"100% confidence"
"Something That I can't give a title."
"uh."
"Found This Saved in my Computer - What the hell is it?"
"I cannot stop laughing..."
"I think this firmly qualifies for this subreddit."
"Forest rules in Finland [x-post from r/Suomi]"
"How I feel as a 23 y/o with my friends getting married...[FIXED]"
"when people take a post of mine the wrong way and the orangereds start flowing in"
"Appropriate for this month."
"He had a dream  now he keeps you clean"
"Lack of puffins on Reddit you say?"
"Is it just me or does this Toddlers and Tiaras coach look like E.T.?"
"I feel it."
"I Feel It"
"And that's why you feel smarter after a few beers"
"Trees are evolving. Checkmate. (x-post r/funny)"
"Nick Cage"
"&quot;This food is delicious!&quot;"
"Most Talented Cats I've Ever Seen"
"This is how Reddit was created."
"Some people earn money easily  and some other take the hard way."
"Stealth poop."
"i'm a whore"
"My friend just sent me this.."
"It happens too much  honestly"
"How Reddit Ruins Me"
"SAP  the product of a broken household"
"I get it now!"
"I get it now!(X-post /r/funny)"
"How I feel when I see my comment has the most upvotes."
"Hipster dog"
"That isnt how you high five someone..."
"To infinity and fffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!"
"Beauty and the Beast"
"NBA player Al Jefferson's bed looks like it's got plenty of room for &quot;company&quot; in it."
"I...I just browsed 4chan for the first time. I... wha... what do I do now? NSFW"
"Only 4chan!"
"Found this on a backup hard drive..."
"a normal day [NSFW]"
"DI3 4 YR GOV3RNM3NT"
"One creepy pig."
"Unintentional Jesus photobomb!"
"Unintentional Jesus photobomb!"
"videobombing 101"
"My new favorite interview-bomb."
"Every night."
"Jesus devoutly polishes his balls."
"I ain't going back to daycare."
"Flight of the Sandstorm"
"This pussy just takes it so good."
"Shopping at Tesco at 3am"
"So this exists..."
"Hipster problems"
"Otter Babies"
"Yaarrgghh MELON DROP!"
"Those were the days"
"Disappointed Cosby"
"There's no way to know math!"
"FINISH HER!"
"Troll your Facebook friends with a new profile pic."
"The littlest badass [x-post from r/gifs]"
"What I heard when I saw it"
"Evil flower hates you!"
"I like sushi as much as the next guy  but this is a little much"
"Apparently  Satan is a Levitating postmodern vegetarian."
"How i fell at eleven o'clock at night on my cake day when I realize i haven't posted or commented all day"
"Mind = blown"
"Thank you science"
"Well  that's terrifying."
"How I feel seeing all the prom pics on here lately..."
"Guesh wut"
"Blue Steel"
"Pretty much every photo I am tagged in from parties"
"Robert Meowney Jr."
"When he's not fighting crime he's falling into boxes."
"RDJ"
"Cakeday  Robert Downey Jr.  and cats? Yes please"
"I'll just leave this here."
"&quot;Cutest bunny ever!&quot; - my girlfriend"
"cute pikachu or funny bunny ?"
"Extremely Unoriginal"
"Invisible Wall."
"Group Projects"
"Meanwhile in Australia..."
"Husky-Corgie Mix"
"Husky/Corgi Cross"
"Whenever a girl walks into a frat party..."
"I BELIEVE I CAN FLY"
"batman... (xpost from /r/4chan)"
"the longer you date a girl  the more conversations turn into this"
"So came across this in my news feed (NSFW)"
"Reddit summarized"
"Think I just found Reddit in one picture."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"i'm a shark!!! i'm a SHAAAARK!"
"R2D2 goes meth"
"The picture keeps me studying for midterms."
"Speaking of which  I miss watching these."
"Cure for the restless studier"
"Its upside down. Photo ruined!"
"Happy Birthday"
"Happy birthday!"
"things giraffes hate"
"Can you tell me how to get  how to get this episode?"
"WTF worthy?"
"The one day I was actually enjoying the weather here in Miami"
"Wait… the fuck were they TRYING to do?"
"The metal version was always better"
"Cycling home while listening to Through the fire and the flames."
"What we feel when religious people get mad"
"Browse Reddit Drunk - EVERYTHING IS 3D!!!"
"PUSH!"
"I feel this every effin’ day. And Calvin &amp; Hobbes was really the genesis of my inquisitive mind. Thanks Watterson."
"A bright side to the hurricane"
"Internet superheroes unite!"
"So I hear you like castles."
"Poor little derpy derp"
"Johnny Depp  John Cusack  Hunter Thompson  and a blow-up doll. Someone forgot to invite Charlie Sheen to the party."
"Lol found this i think im gonna try it"
"How I browse reddit (x post from r/ragenovels)"
"It's 4:39pm Saturday in Australia - I am drunk...this is me on Reddit right now..."
"How I feel when I'm in a good mood on reddit."
"The confusion in his eyes .."
"Dolphins v Women. I have to admit. They make a compelling argument..."
"I'm the one on the right."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"where the fuck am I?"
"what ever happened to this guy?"
"Shattered!"
"Coke vs. Pepsi gone too far..."
"It's Tuesday Caption Competition time..."
"Watching peoples reaction is priceless"
"tongue crevices"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"Waterfall in Ecuador (pic)"
"Am I missing something? How was this photo taken..."
"Blame Hurricane..."
"(re-post from r/wtf) So my school burned down today....."
"My first rage as a child-"
"What I imagine when I hear this song"
"It's contagious"
"Run MARS..RUN !!!"
"Fuck  I'm sorry to hear that..."
"Forever Alone Tattoo"
"nice tits  bra"
"How life should be lived."
"This popped up in my newsfeed."
"This is how they intended the show to be"
"Laughing way too hard at this....."
"Hyper-realistic pumpkin carving"
"How I talk to all of my folliclely challenged friends during no shave November"
"I'll take 30"
"12 year old saves his sister's life using techniques he learned from WoW."
"Makes me giggle every time."
"Puppy Dreams"
"Cake Day! Anyone surprised by these facts?"
"My spider sense is tingling..."
"10 guy on koalas"
"Cats interrogation"
"Mitt...Smallmey? I can't think of anything funny."
"Tiny Romney"
"Ninjas in training"
"How ninjas goes to bed"
"How I feel as a teenager with my first real mustache"
"The moment I sat down on the toilet without my iPhone..."
"When my posts get nothing but downvotes."
"How I feel after shaving my balls."
"What I imagine people on r/aww are like."
"ima just leave this here.. and go self destruct"
"How I look going down on a woman"
"Saw this guy on my news feed.Smart dog I must say."
"Attention!"
"Welcome to the KKK Carnival!"
"This is funnier than most things."
"Found in Sky Mall. (x-post from /r/Wtf)"
"[XKCD] It's happened to the best of us..."
"Quite"
"Bricks were shat."
"What if sig figs were used all the time for everything? Would life as we know it... fall apart?"
"How I feel eating Sour Patch Kids"
"Your favourite godless desktop background."
"My favorite wallpaper"
"The Obvious Truth"
"I would enjoy this snack and drink."
"That is what I just said!"
"How I feel when I punch a snake"
"The power of photoshop"
"Canadian Problems"
"Canada."
"Canadian Problems"
"The smallest of baby turtles killed me with its cuteness"
"I choose food."
"if only this was real"
"You have officially been mind fucked."
"Whoops! Wandered into spacedicks..."
"How I feel browsing /r/spacedicks"
"How I view US politics as a human being."
"How I feel on r/spacedicks... (GIF)"
"Every time I return to Facebook"
"My reaction to my dad saying &quot;sadface&quot; in everyday conversation"
"Slides aren't his thing."
"This is the greatest picture in existence"
"Skeletor can wiggle."
"I'm gonna miss these two guys."
"Just Patrick being Patrick."
"This guy whipped out his dong at a feminist pride walk. (SFW)"
"Feels Good Man"
"first time i hit the random button on imgur..."
"Solution to oversleeping"
"Polyamory is best amory!! (x-post r/pics)"
"Milky Way Over Quiver Tree Forest"
"Just gotta fight this boss"
"Itty Bitty Ducky Bathtime"
"What if a child were to see this?"
"Dog Poems"
"I don't even know..."
"oh you know  just Lana Del Rey being stylish as always"
"Forever alone Cat"
"And a happy little bush right there..."
"A village in Norway"
"Norway."
"A dog paying his respects in Guam."
"Make it so!"
"Make it so!"
"Not Sure Who'd Appreciate More- r/Movies or r/Gaming..."
"How I feel after browsing Reddit for too long"
"This is my new favorite campaign photo (Mitt with Chipotle employees)"
"So is this a Humpback Whale? [NSFW]"
"Dog walking dog"
"Look at all the trucks I give..."
"Collection of pics of the trucks that carry vital supplies to the US forces in Afghanistan through Pakistan."
"Damn it Helen Keller!"
"Dinosaurs"
"Painted on a dirty truck"
"thx mom."
"When I leave a comment up after being downvoted by people who disagree"
"I work at a bank  and this is how I feel when people accuse me of pocketing their money."
"Whoa  Mr. Rogers!!"
"I really really miss this guy!"
"A repost of my post got more karma than me...[Fixed]"
"when I face check a bush and there are 3 people inside it"
"Free wifi at my local dive bar"
"Don't we all?"
"We were horsing around in Chemistry today."
"How to Make Pizza"
"Every election season  this is how it always is"
"NOOOOO! I'M AN ATHEIST"
"Just some Beluga Whales having a good time"
"ERMAHGERD CLERINERT"
"All GTA V screenshots as of 8/24 [x-post GTA]"
"College Engineering"
"Fuzzy... puppy."
"I googled &quot;how to get to the front page of reddit&quot;..."
"Arnold"
"&quot;We are losing. I must assume my final form.&quot;"
"Christmas Morning"
"iPosted"
"This is my house"
"This is also correct."
"Hoot said that?"
"greatest tattoo ever"
"into the lake"
"The combined works of renown photographer Martin Schoeller [GIF]"
"I hate how much I relate to this... at 20"
"This is by far the best ROCK PAPER SCISSOR logic."
"Rock Paper Scissors"
"When I Accidentally Stumble Upon Some Nudity"
"Just a baby monkey taking a bath."
"Baby Monkey Taking A Bath"
"Disco Jesus"
"I hope the new GTA is this realistic"
"That was nice."
"Time Break."
"I can hear the paper crinkle"
"Kids these days... Your penis IS a goat."
"Good idea for a tattoo [fixed]"
"I do this all the time. It is most effective."
"African sunset"
"Thanks mate!"
"Which way did they go?"
"the toughest redditor"
"have a seat over there"
"Is it a toilet or a seat...?"
"How it feels on the front page after unsubscribing to most of the major subreddits."
"You wanna know where I got these scars?"
"Wesley  do you know the difference between your mother and the prime directive?"
"I didn't know that Google watches Family Guy..."
"I was using my friends Spotify account  then I realized it updates the facebook feed."
"Facebook Chatting While Watching The Curiosity Rover Landing. Someone At NASA Said &quot;No Two-Two-Eight&quot;."
"The 49th most popular website in the world goes to:"
"Probably the most disgusting thing anyone has ever told me."
"I need you to do something..QUICK!"
"Flippin' Like A Boss"
"Go home Puppy  you are drunk"
"When my SO starts trying to explain her research topics for a subject I have no comprehension of."
"Just a little."
"SAY WHAT???!!!?!?!?"
"Everyone's Reaction."
"I love the term &quot;we're expecting&quot;..."
"Just bought my first DSLR camera (Canon Eos T2i). This is how I feel."
"Siri  you are so counter productive."
"Every single time i watch this  i laugh for at least five minutes straight"
"Oh...Didn't see you there..."
"My halloween costume this year"
"Golden Monkeys"
"Basic Movie Recipes."
"Don't worry  Libya..."
"Dogs playing Scrabble"
"Dogfighting at it's finest."
"How to Steal a Moving Car"
"Just Snoozin'"
"Here is a drinking game for tonight's debate. Have fun."
"Tonight we drink to the 2012 Presidential Debates -- Drinking Game!!"
"Phyllodes imperialis"
"How I feel when my dealer finally texts back"
"Big Head"
"DEAR GOD  WHY LINCOLN?"
"Searched Rape Prevention on Google and this showed up. Honestly  WTF."
"Periodic Table seating chart for wedding"
"It's Friday!![Fixed]"
"Spider Tattoo"
"Hey you guys  get out of there! That's not for you!"
"yay verily..."
"Nigga Please!!!"
"A pirates life is a h'arrrd life"
"This picture reminded me why I loved Star Wars so much."
"Just a couple of guys at work."
"The Meaning is zen"
"Makha Bucha"
"Why Kevin Spacey maintains privacy"
"Dumbledore gets gas"
"well  thats it. I have officially seen everything.."
"God have mercy on our souls"
"What..."
"Cat Found"
"Can someone help find this cat please?"
"Like a boss."
"Bollywood in a few seconds"
"Whenever I get into an argument with a stubborn asshole."
"found this gem in my pictures folder..."
"Emma Watson (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"Olympic weightlifting injury."
"what...the...fuck...."
"This made me wat."
"Two questions  How much? and where can i buy them?"
"Real Art"
"this is how i discovered the internet"
"How I feel unsubscribing to r/wtf and having a more viewer friendly front page."
"I see your Canadian cops playing hockey and raise you a sleeping one"
"Fire in the hole!"
"The modern Howitzer."
"Working in retail  this is how I react when I hear the word &quot;inventory&quot; [x-post from /r/funny]"
"I love the British Halloween."
"Definitely on my list of top ten most wanted pillows."
"As a female  NOoo!!!"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"You sir  are a horrible person"
"I don't know this guy  but something tells me that I wouldn't like him"
"The Doctor! But  he looks a little young  don't you think?"
"Ron Swanson's lunch box"
"I want this in my menu"
"The deadly facts of water!"
"Peter is proud"
"Polite cat wants attention"
"Um  hi. Pet me please?"
"Unlikely friends"
"Immediately after getting home from a week long vacation with the family"
"What it feels like after make-out buddy leaves"
"When No-Fap September ends tonight [FIXED]"
"Googled &quot;It's my first cake day on reddit!&quot; and this was my favorite result."
"Why you should watch 'Gravity Falls' if you don't already"
"forget your zen pads  Tardis  hipster apartment. all i need is this"
"Cat on the Roomba"
"God porn"
"Koala can't believe it"
"Koala can't believe it[FIXED]"
"how to keep an idiot busy"
"Wait for it ...."
"Racist camera (x-post from /imgoingtohellforthis)"
"Cats"
"The world according to the Dutch"
"So close..."
"My experience with relationships."
"When ever I try to submit to a large sub-reddit"
"I was going to see if i had enough self control to resist posting something on my very first cake day...but i gave up after an hour..."
"Tried autoerotic asphyxiation and passed out halfway through."
"Whenever I try to upload things to reddit. It always seems like a good idea..."
"Almost got it"
"Woke up one morning after a long night of drinking with this set as the bg of my phone. Hopefully not a repost!"
"How trying to get to the front page usually turns out."
"Trying to make the front page of Reddit."
"Barack &quot;The Kenyan Assassin&quot; Obama vs. Mitt &quot;The Stormin Mormon&quot; Romney"
"How to handle road rage. Level: Boss"
"jesus  you silly rascal"
":("
"Made me feel bad for a second"
"More tragedy."
"DINDIN"
"Oh children"
"Dinner time"
"What time is it?"
"Yes  you may..."
"The iPhone 5 in about ten years..."
"Insect Spy Drone"
"Nanotech Skeeto"
"Found this on facebook.."
"Quality Facebook find"
"Muttonchops Murray"
"Whenever I think that I've posted something great"
"Smiling bunny asfnasjlkvka;lfak;lkg"
"History Channel decision board"
"When I'm almost asleep and my phone vibrates in my bed"
"How Skrillex makes music."
"Every time i lose a point from karma"
"Hmm  something is afoot."
"Netanyahu on women's menstrual cycles  nailed it - Imgur"
"Thanks for reminding me...."
"Yes this is Chihuahua."
"Somehow  it seems rather plausible."
"My dad is watching The Terminator and this is all I can think about."
"Photobombers"
"Nice try Snape..."
"Tom Hanks everybody."
"NYC Street Gold"
"Mitt Romney's Theme Song"
"This is how my wife views my sexy look...."
"Dafuq?"
"This band is baahd"
"My reaction when the gossipy whiny bitch at work wants me to trade shifts with her."
"Girlfriend goes out"
"Oh my!"
"I think caprisun wants me to share"
"Resemblance? Or no?"
"How I feel when I get upvoted"
"I don't know what to think of this..."
"How it feels to chew 5gum."
"basically how it feels"
"So I got a new Graphics Card..."
"Robot santa."
"All HAIL the MIGHTY POWER of ST. NICHOLAS!!!!"
"It's officially Christmas Day Reddit"
"Mr. Octopus."
"Caught! Doing what I am unsure."
"cocaine."
"Not sure if repost but funny."
"I have found paradise"
"Every time that I get upvotes on Reddit"
"Once in a blue moon [3283 x 2022][OC]"
"How I imagine Serj Tankian looked minutes after his AMA started"
"When you drop a slinky  the bottom will float in the air until the bottom reaches it. [X-post from r/woahdude]"
"I'm just... I can't... I DON'T KNOW"
"Protesters in Ireland"
"The guy's reaction after this would be priceless"
"Uranus."
"British Gas"
"This keeps me highly amused"
"Story of my life."
"the new Star Wars logo"
"Starry Starry Night"
"Thanks mom."
"This was me  watching my first worth-while post gain hundreds of upvotes."
"How I felt when I found out my friend frontpaged for the third time in one week"
"Silly wolves... that's not how you do it..."
"funny as hell"
"some goals are jut not relistic"
"Party on isle 15"
"High-fiving  smiling shark? Nice."
"shark five"
"no hooking anytime..."
"Origin: A Meme Story"
"I'm normally a calm person..."
"King Tuts tomb before it was opened"
"When I see eye surgery posts on reddit"
"Told my dad i was christian as a joke. This is the reaction I got"
"I believe in this guy"
"all you need."
"The Queen Shooting a Gun"
"Go forth and destroy  my child."
"Every Time I Get A Cleverly Degrading Comment On A Post"
"Oh yeah? This is your first posting ever and it already has more karma than I have total?? Cool bro!"
"When I talk to drunk people having a great time but I still have final exams"
"When someone gets front page with the same image you posted the previous day and got no upvotes"
"When my non-Redditor friend tells me getting Karma seems easy."
"Audrey got into trouble"
"Rhino VS Warthog or Warthog gets 2 full seconds of air..."
"Hitler cat demands poland"
"Trouser snake indeed..."
"Safety First"
"Thug life"
"This never fails to make me laugh."
"For the seven kingdoms Batman  get it together!"
"Batman  what have you done..."
"Scumbag Christian"
"U MAD BRO?"
"I summon my blue eyes white dragon!"
"This kid gets it."
"Dance off!"
"Ahh Nazilla!"
"PIZZA PIZZA PIE"
"Car is destroyed in an accident"
"I once thought I had mono for an entire year. It turned out I was just really bored."
"Cosmetic surgery at its worst"
"one for hell  one way.."
"Bitches 'ain't shit"
"One of the cutest puppies I've ever seen!"
"little bully at its finest"
"Me After Watching the Mars Rover Land Alone  and on My Couch"
"Bird survives getting neck chewed off."
"Poopy-Time!"
"Googled &quot;wait what&quot; and was not disappointed."
"&quot;It's the point during the sexual experience when a man is about to orgasm  and he makes likes someone put a spoonful of vinegar up to his nose&quot; (first post)"
"Self Abusing Pussy. (SFW)"
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"
"When my friend says a great insult to someone I don't like"
"Side effects of drinking too much coffee"
"Spiders travel by wind you say?"
"Browsing NSFW links in /r/wtf when all of a sudden you stumble upon gore instead of porn."
"I Just... Wow."
"Come at Me Squirrel"
"My friend posted this to Facebook ..I thought deserved better"
"In case of rape... [Halloween costume]"
"In case of rape... [Halloween costume]"
"The fruit Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now (X-post Pics)"
"Please don't die  Kevin"
"Since I couldn't get Diablo 3  I played this for the first time."
"T-rex fighting!"
"'Murica"
"Kanye West"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this. [Fixed]"
"She just got sucked into an evil vagina......"
"just smacking the random button..."
"If you want to have a fruity flavored snack..."
"This dog's asshole has been graced by the presence of JESUS CHRIST!"
"&quot;Oranges for Sale&quot; (X-post from r/pics) (OP - TerrorAlert) (1200x808)"
"My face when Amazon cloud services go down..."
"Terry Crews at the Expendables 2 premiere. In a bra."
"This showed up on my Facebook feed and I just couldn't help but chuckle."
"Cat hates you."
"Amazing  isn't it?"
"The eyes say it all"
"step aside  kool-aid man!"
"How I look when I enter the post office with 3 minutes to turn in my taxes."
"I don't always watch the jersey shore  but when I do  I watch this clip."
"Am I the only one that loves watching this over and over and over?"
"Take on meow"
"Can't...stop...watching [6]"
"So I was wondering what was banging on my door..."
"A dentists waiting room...."
"Lucky Kid"
"How I feel when trying to reach the front page"
"Seems oddly relevant right now."
"Free tacos yesterday"
"Quite a good argument"
"LIES."
"Creeper Batman"
"Legend Of Korra: new waterbending style"
"As promised here are some more photoshop pictures. This man....is a.........genius?!?"
"I solved the seven year maze in seven seconds"
"Consecutive links lined themselves up for me so I share for you."
"The FUCK was that?!"
"Evolution of Nintendo game controllers"
"When I accidently commit a crime on Grand Theft Auto"
"Just found out my crazy ex got pregnant 2 weeks after her and I broke up. This is how I feel right now."
"Lots of fish in the sea..."
"Entertainment Weekly Reunions Issue."
"Awesome street art"
"Being the sober person and everyone else is drunk..[Fixed]"
"This is why stealth games are way too easy for me now."
"What if..."
"It's really the only solution"
"real medicine"
"Reddit-style WTF"
"Greatest GIF ever."
"Peanut Butter Allergies"
"true story"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Facebook in a nutshell"
"Stop it mom!"
"F*ck you box! NO  F*CK YOU!!"
"emma watson vs kristen stewart"
"Meanwhile in space..."
"Camouflage practice."
"I must dance!"
"How I love public transport!"
"Combining old with new... So hipster  man."
"We're here."
"ULTIMATE BETA [fb]"
"sin b/tan b="
"Cosby"
"How does this even happen?"
"The Trip of a life time"
"Australian Fishing [FIXED]"
"President Obama looking longingly"
"Le bravest oba[m]a song"
"[OC] If I was President Obama.... [FIXED]"
"Behold the new logo for the US government"
"Every single year"
"Bike of bricks."
"you got my nose wrong... again."
"Really? I don't fucking look like that."
"HIFW I see attractive people posting on r/AmIUgly"
"Beats by Dr. Dre"
"Pop and Lock dat Pussy"
"The dangers of break dancing with cats."
"Wobble"
"I hope he gets better soon  too."
"Balloon for Bambi"
"I want this tattoo"
"Its my cake day and I have nothing... ALL HAIL THE HYPNOTOAD."
"How I feel when my roommate doubles my karma in one post."
"Wow... Really?"
"My all-time favorite Harry Potter Meme"
"What I need after not having anything fun to post on my 2nd cake day"
"You are flawless  and I love you"
"The FLOP! Slowed down for your enjoyment."
"Christian Bale rolled through my town too"
"Christian Bale."
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Man  I love being home for the weekend"
"Definition of Badass"
"Amazing Scanning Electron Microscope Photos"
"Amazing Scanning Electron Microscope Photos"
"Titler NSFW"
"He just can't wait to be king!"
"WHY?!?"
"My karma tripled overnight. Initial excitement eventually turned into this realization..."
"All my loathsome feelings for cats surmised in one beautiful meme"
"Deep thoughts."
"I don't think that's what they meant"
"The London Underground are being kind to new iOS 6 users"
"The London Underground is finally doing something right..."
"Papa Smurf  you sly dog."
"Manson is happy"
"Find this picture on Google Image Search  I DARE YOU! I DOUBLE DARE YOU!"
"Favorite comic of all time"
"Every time there is a new game on steam."
"How I feel browsing r/funny"
"DID YOU JUST SAY YOLO?!?"
"Wartortle IRL"
"The Truth About Swag"
"Good ol' thumb head."
"This show was the reason I had a bed time. . ."
"x-post from r/happy: Letter I received for beta-testing an iPhone app and it made me happy. r/gaming what's the coolest peripheral you've gotten from a game?"
"I see people who complain about religious shit in their news feed a lot. I'm not as lucky  instead I have friends who post shit like this."
"Hello!"
"Cute little Cats"
"Poor Nokia"
"chief thrust."
"Every time."
"Photoshopping in the 90's"
"Chimp holding a baby tiger"
"My inbred cat realizing that he is inbred"
"The horror..."
"when i see my crush and i look terrible."
"So that's why he was chasing me?"
"How I feel having to talk to an Ex"
"The many faces of olympic diving"
"Today's special."
"Anyone else?"
"Robot sex doll from the future"
"I Have Had It With These MotherFucking Sharks In This MotherFucking Base!"
"I see your friend at a liquor store at 9 AM... and raise you my friend on an airplane at 9 AM"
"Our savior still looking great as ever! (r/funny x-post)"
"when I first met my new black room-mate."
"Can Anyone Explain This?"
"Favoritism"
"Nothing But Net"
"Sunset Basketball"
"How I felt when I realized I locked my keys  phone  wallet  and AAA card in my car:"
"&quot;V&quot; is for Voting"
"german german german"
"Grumpy karma"
"Science is progressing overseas  too."
"Once..."
"Buuuuuurn"
"Who keeps giving the animals bath salts?? [fixed]"
"TDKR's Tom Hardy (Bane) has some major tan lines..."
"Bane without mask"
"When I reach 100% in any game"
"Winning $5 on a $5 lottery ticket"
"censorship!"
"I did the random image thing on imgur  and this showed up. What in the actual fuck."
"Why i feed my dog bubblegum (x-post from r/spacedicks but don't be scared)"
"Kathy Griffin without makeup"
"I don't wanna know what their blow dry hair Solon is called"
"Hungry Hippo IRL"
"Someone seriously needs to make a new one of these."
"A child learns one of the most valuable lessons in life: READ THE DIRECTIONS"
"A child learns one of the most valuable lessons in life: READ THE DIRECTIONS"
"My reaction when my first post hit the front page but was removed..."
"Friend took snap at jog falls  Karnataka  India"
"The European Downgrade Explained"
"High Fives To My Bros"
"How I feel with nothing to post on my cakeday"
"whenever I attempt to talk to the cute girl in class."
"The Four Phases of College"
"I Am Leg"
"I AM LEG"
"If guys owned portal guns"
"Now stay kissed"
"I got MAD SKILLS!!"
"I go to a predominantly asian college  this is me every time someone waves at me."
"As an Ent in Oregon"
"Boating with Henry with boating with Henry[FIXED]"
"Was about to purchase another subscription to XBL when suddenly..."
"After seeing all my drunken texts this morning"
"My reaction as I'm being downvoted in r/new."
"I don't even..."
"*LISTEN!*"
"I see all these posts about Pocket Whales and other small animals  but what about House Hippos?"
"Notes from the piano falling like raindrops on the sidewalk."
"Riders on The Storm"
"Didn't realize how cute dinosaurs could be."
"This just makes everything okay"
"&quot;For a better start in life  start COLA earlier!&quot;"
"Jesus disproved???"
"Jesus disproved?!?!?"
"Why i'm terribly afraid of bulls (NSFL)"
"Skrillex hates bees"
"This shit gets me every time"
"Luck of the Irish"
"Looks like the Narwhal is Baconing at Midnight again."
"finally receiving my sonic slush after 4 hours of a road trip"
"Four Stages of Life..."
"Meanwhile  in Russia..."
"Cancer? Fuck that  I'll smoke nine at once. [Fixed]"
"Found this in the children's aisle"
"At least they were honest."
"Ya  that about sums it up..."
"Respect is a virtue."
"His name is Mr Butters and he is a proper gentleman he is"
"Aww overload!"
"Just stumbled upon this..."
"The way of the world"
"One of the strangest gifs I've seen in my internet adventures"
"Longest and weirdest gif I've ever seen. Feel free to differ"
"He's there but he's not"
"Keep calm.."
"Dinkleberg...."
"Dinkleberg"
"What did the five fingers..."
"Upvote Island"
"How I feel going through r/aww"
"Tumblr win."
"A serious issue."
"Please don't leave me here alone!"
"Denied. Why siblings suck. part 2"
"Sally was always evil."
"The sun is not a star!!1 (x-post from r/funny)"
"I bet this happens a lot."
"dance champion"
"fat kid works it"
"Yo Mr. White!"
"First attempt at getting banned from r/feminism"
"&quot;That's right sweetheart&quot;"
"how to eat a girl out. (sfw)"
"When someone need help with their computer"
"Can't. Stop. Watching. (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Second try at pickup lines."
"Local Newspaper's Front Page"
"Craig Lamar Traylor a.k.a Stevie from Malcolm in the Middle"
"Fuckin Sale."
"RAWR"
"JUST DISCOVERED: The dastardly Tiger Squirrel"
"My reaction to the ending of tonight's episode"
"Baby. Baby dolphin. Cute baby dolphin."
"This woman is one of the worse kind of people."
"So I compiled 113 Nigel Thornberry pics for you guys and stuck 'em in an Imgur album..."
"Past technology marvels"
"Gets me every time"
"someone in my apartment complex is baking cookies"
"He's just a little husky..."
"I'm not fat.."
"So high?"
"If Hitler and Lieutenant Worf were to kiss  their mustaches would never touch."
"Train in India"
"Dirty mouth"
"How the FUCK is this a good idea?"
"Fucking NOPE"
"So you think you're a badass?"
"Red panda !"
"It's Douche Bags like this that give sports fans a bad name. We have to  literally  PAY for stuff like this."
"Why riot when your team WINS the World Series? Disgraceful..."
"How NOT to be a Giants fan. Please help to identify this giant douche!"
"'Nuff said"
"Bruce Lee was such a badass"
"Bruce Lee's philosophy"
"Just scrolling through the interwebs when...Dafuq?"
"LOL. what?"
"Whenever someone posts this face."
"So out of touch... (first post!)"
"Mona Diesel"
"When my brother admitted he's gay to our family but I knew it all along"
"You wouldn't like me when I'm angry"
"Too much cute to handle."
"My favorite [GIF] of all time"
"Creeper Cat"
"How I feel watching theists and atheists argue on Facebook"
"When I come home and see that I made front page"
"Isn't he ADORABLE!!!!"
":O"
"MUST.KNOW.ENDING."
"Googled &quot;Hawtness&quot; and was greatly pleased by the first result"
"Oompa Loompa"
"this kid will someday get revenge."
"How I've felt trying to make a successful post on Reddit"
"A baby Hedgehog is a Piglet or Pup"
"Now where were we?"
"True Patriotism"
"No need to be a beach.."
"SPOILER: The end of TDKR"
"First attempts at anal [SFW]"
"This frustrates me beyond belief"
"World of warcraft"
"Nothing's gonna slow panda down!"
"The Best Face Swap Of All Time"
"How I feel listening to the live coverage of Curiosity landing.."
"I'm good with the ladies..."
"That explains it..."
"Found this while searching for Willem Dafoe's penis."
"This just works."
"Look what an ex-solider buddy of mine gets to drive."
"Its the effort that counts."
"Whenever I do the wave..."
"Woooo....."
"CATMAN"
"Best cartoon role model!"
"Please tell me more about your new furniture"
"Mmm hmm. Tell me about it  girl."
"Cat magic"
"Arch Enemies"
"When I get home and realize I've been walking around with my backpack open all day"
"30 mins to Curiosity landing..."
"At first I was like..."
"All the reason needed to justify gay marriage."
"Most adorable family pic ever (NPH - Halloween  sorry if repost)"
"why am i bad luck?"
"By far the best picture on the internet (x-post funny)"
"Sometimes we have to remember the little people."
"How to spot a criminal."
"Zimbabwe: One Million Person Synchronized Toilet Flush"
"So apparently fire is a safer way to get to work than cars are..."
"My last dump was well received. Here it is  uncompressed  with more. [imgur pro]"
"Well  this just made my day thoroughly awesome"
"This picture was taken this morning  the sign said 'spine' yesterday. ಠ_ಠ"
"A tree sucking on a boulder  cause I'm fucking awful at coming up with titles"
"Trees suck"
"Wtf eBay"
"A picture definition of scarred for life"
"This popped up on my news feed titled &quot;CANADA H-E-DOUBLE HOCKEY STICKS YEAH!!&quot;"
"The beginning is near"
"Was going through old photos on my phone... Found this. I'm totally sending these to friends and family this year."
"You talkin' to me???"
"You underestimate a King's capabilities."
"The Special Olympics FB page shared this... She certainly is!"
"SWAG-AntiVirus"
"Guess I got my swagger back"
"Bears these days..."
"One of my absolute favorites in the GIF collection"
"This is seriously out of fucking control [FIXED]"
"This is seriously out of fucking control. [Fixed]"
"The spoon is my hopes and dreams"
"Guys  I'm bringing the Mario party to you"
"This is your captain speaking"
"My reaction to finding the free pizza I put in my hall thrown everywhere"
"And the award for worst prom dress goes to..."
"And the award for worst prom dress goes to..."
"Whole lotta NOPE."
"Sexy Big Bird costume."
"Always makes me laugh"
"Oh  Ireland!"
"Irish Diplomacy at it's best"
"Evidence?... What Evidence?"
"Monk praying for a man who randomly died at a train station"
"New refs love Mario Kart"
"The end is upon us."
"What a cruel male dominated culture."
"A USAF F-35A in the foreground  with Space Shuttle Endeavor at Edwards AFB  California [1824x1216]"
"I think this belongs here."
"Got Milk?"
"I can't even come up with a clever title for this"
"no power rangers no"
"God Bless America"
"insert witty title here"
"Well  it works!"
"the reason why I thank canada during thanksgiving"
"Happy Birthday!"
"Bringing the party to you."
"Flashbacks"
"Perfect fit..."
"Never forget..."
"My reaction when i see a spider"
"Does anyone else get scared when their text says  'can I ask you a question?' →"
"Waking up from a dream with hundreds of spiders crawling on me"
"Making reddit account after a long time of lurking..."
"That awkward moment when you upload a reddit on your phone and it doesn't add the link......"
"Welp  I've got my Halloween costume picked out for next year..."
"The Perfect Storm"
"You are being monitored"
"November Slap"
"Love this one"
"He's had enough"
"When I give my opinion on reddit..."
"Female ET having sex [NSFW]"
"Human  help me."
"Water cascading off a bull moose's antlers [922x613]"
"Makes my plain old sink look like crap... (It rotates too!)"
"it's mesmerizing..."
"How I feel when I don't like my roommate"
"For my first cake day  i give you my favorite gif."
"Oedipus Complex at its finest."
"Just gonna swipe my card and..."
"Everyone hates you because you killed 17 million people."
"So my friend posted this on Facebook."
"Stool sample"
"Meanwhile in South Korea..."
"Foo Psyters  anyone?"
"&quot;I wonder what my life would be like if I robbed the Kwik E Mart...&quot;"
"oh... patrick"
"&quot;The Milk Man&quot; [X-Post from r/funny]"
"Fuck."
"Can this possibly be real?"
"when I came across my sister on r/gonewild [fixed]"
"Yes  let your hate flow"
"How I felt today when I found out my Chemistry Discussion was cancelled"
"Creepy Jack Nicholson"
"A curious little boy dressed in a Klan hood and robe touching the shield of a black Georgia State Trooper in riot gear at a KKK protest in the 80s."
"KKK toddler and black state trooper"
"I feel physically sick."
"Just because a picture is safe for work doesn't mean it's safe for your mind. Case in point."
"Someone posted this somewhere MUCH less relevant. His loss shall be my gain!"
"Fire away!"
"I laughed way to hard at this."
"TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA SQUIRTLES"
"Thanks daddy... You Dickhead"
"Huge parenting fail (GIF)"
"Huge parenting fail"
"I have no words.."
"When I 'like' someone's &quot;truth is&quot; status that I don't know very well and they answer with &quot;truth is I don't know you&quot;"
"Eyes off  eyes on"
"Words escape me. NSFW"
"The whole internet in one gif."
"THE best gif ever made."
"Worst overreaction ever..."
"What has your tongue Cause that is not a cat.....&quot;information in comments&quot;"
"Corgi Food Coma"
"Every one of my attempts for upvotes"
"Every time my post gets immediately downvoted"
"Derp nerp herp"
"TIL that on the average day i touch 15 penises and... well look..."
"ummmm........"
"YOU THOUGHT WRONG."
"No! Stop touching me! I AM THE NIGHT!"
"Siberian bear hunting armor from the 1800s"
"Musical Flies"
"Just a kitty in a hat... [photograph by Maria Shkoda]"
"Spider Woman Blowjob (NSFW)"
"It folds for your convenience"
"Star Wars meets Reddit"
"This is what happens with Reddit and reposts"
"My game plan if I ever walk in on my daughter taping herself trying to be sexy"
"Whenever I hear the weather man announce a &quot;cold front&quot; in south Texas...."
"My sister-in-law tried to make chocolate covered bananas today. The result? Dick pops."
"Forever Alone."
"Groceries"
"My take on Romney from debate"
"Boy or Grill?"
"Oh George!"
"Been thinking about a title for this for 10 minutes.... any thoughts r/WTF?"
"Whenever a friend asks me how my food is at a [7]+."
"My reaction when someone gives a reference to a show or game I know"
"over 3.000 people in person and 100.000 people online watching Starcraft 2 Europe finals at the Ericsson Globe  Stockholm"
"Nothing is more important than a Mothers Love"
"Over the shoulder seal"
"Seven hells  Batman!!"
"Christian friend on facebook...."
"Best of both worlds? NSFW"
"Karma machine"
"the only way to get on the front page [NSFW]"
"Now that's a hairy pussy! (NSFW)"
"Naughty naughty"
"Unique"
"Ate a burrito from chipotle last night..."
"This deserves a /wtf  not a /ffffuuuuuuu (nsfw)"
"This raised about a thousand questions for me"
"Haters gonna hate horse"
"I'm so going to hell for laughing at this. Hopefully I won't be alone"
"Can't.stop.giggling."
"The power of food."
"I never want to disappoint this girl"
"I don't want to ever disappoint her"
":) (xpost from r/wtf   of all places)"
"Googled &quot;Woody&quot;. Got this."
"Flash! AHH-ahh!"
"you want some coke?"
"Bitch please  I'm fabulous [FIXED]!"
"Ohh facebook"
"Burn !"
"The sun hit my toilet in a way that it looked like my toilet was glowing."
"Heterochromatic kitty!"
"Finally! [Fb]"
"Unbelievingly big mutant grasshopper."
"Oh  dumbledore."
"Yet ANOTHER reason why r/atheism leaves Buddhism alone. (Debunks Biblical literalism)"
"Come on you guys! Stop being so mean!"
"Which religion?"
"How I feel in some of the smaller subreddits"
"Punch me really hard (4chan)"
"I'm not eating it"
"Oh  Mr. Colbert."
"My girlfriend (who is a redditor) and her cat Half Life 3 (who is dreaming of bacon)"
"I would be that happy too."
"Searching &quot;Needle in a haystack&quot; via Shutterstock."
"I Only Googled &quot;Bluh&quot;..."
"Something we can all agree on"
"So... Inspiring"
"They will defeat it!"
"Ridiculously Track Meet Guy"
"When you see it..."
"It's funny because this is old and will still make front page."
"welcome to Oakland"
"If NDT was SLJ..."
"My face when I found out Katy Perry was back on the market"
"Successful trolls work in numbers..."
"Admit it  if you had a couple boxes you would do this too."
"When extreme isn’t extreme enough."
"Hey there Delilah  what's it like in your vagina?"
"this is so  so cool."
"Apparently this bridge would work (X-post /r/Engineering)"
"Just found this gem on facebook!"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"That's no moon."
"Manly(Sydney) Library sticks it to Lance Armstrong"
"I was never good at models. This I could handle. (x-posted)"
"So I was stumbling around the internet.."
"Impossible!"
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan"
"The real Periodic Table (X-post r/Chemistry)"
"&quot;Press the X Button&quot;"
"Thor's Well (xpost from r/EarthPorn)"
"How I look when I try to act sexy"
"Scariest thing to ever be on television."
"Stop being such a dik  dik.."
"Let me get in the picture!"
"What I actually look like when smiling at a cute girl"
"When I found out my friends reddit account username."
"How I felt after quitting my first job"
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOMAN"
"Cutest Halloween Costume Ever"
"Spent some time in the &quot;picture you cant see without laughing&quot; thread"
"When I'm drunk and perusing Reddit."
"everyday of my life...."
"Sofa King Clever"
"How low are your prices?"
"Reckoning.gif (X-post r/Gifsound)"
"Take me dancing tonight!!!!"
"That is his jam [FITTING]"
"New Mosh"
"Cakeday!!"
"Browsing Reddit  listening to Pandora. Fits pretty well."
"That is his jam (/r/gifsound classic)"
"How I look trying to seduce my girlfriend"
"Me when I go out"
"How It's Made: Ice Cream"
"Jack and Sally"
"HALT! Hammerzeit."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"What The Queen Was Thinking In Her Head"
"Middle-Eastern Protesters in a Nutshell"
"Just a kitten sound asleep."
"Am I just high or can I hear this .gif?"
"Can anyone else hear this?"
"I swear I am hearing things"
"heard the boys boys boys song (Michelle Jenneke routine) coming through my wall"
"What to think about this r/atheism?"
"I'm not a big fan of arguing religion on Facebook  but the &quot;happy I got sick&quot; posts are the hardest to ignore."
"This game always brings out the worst in me."
"Whenever someone says &quot;YOLO&quot; on Reddit."
"On the way to work"
"...but why the snow boots?"
"The rare ski-booted silverback spotted in the wild."
"Lich King  Witch King..."
"Just taking a walk"
"How I feel winning an argument against someone younger than me"
"tough guy"
"Wii U-like Xbox Controller Spotted at Valve?"
"So I was eating my meal when.."
"Redditor forces child's leg into a drawer and claims it was painless just for that sweet sweet karma."
"In response to Red Bull Stratos  Slim Jim has sponsored the shortest freefall of all time."
"How I feel Trying To Downvote Something On The Front Page"
"But I brought you some toast!"
"Bitches be cold"
"Reddit's favorite couple"
"As a guitarist  I wish it was that easy"
"Proper way to discipline a child"
"Leeloo &quot;Bacon&quot; Multi-Pass"
"is such a thing possible?"
"como te llama"
"Oh Batman..."
"I don't think I even want to know where this came from [NSFW]"
"TACTICAL HUMPS!!!!!!"
"Life"
"Pig in a blanket"
"Tiny lil' piggy"
"Have you seen this bird?"
"We really hit it off..."
"Wish you were here."
"Yes...this is a real tattoo"
"Minute Length"
"Oh ! Micky why do you wear like such cloths ?"
"Who else would pay money to see this game get a reboot?"
"What happens when I think I find something good to post on Reddit."
"Grandma helps take a profile pic."
"Just a cute baby hippo!"
"Licky licky licky"
"This is how my grandma's cat relaxes."
"Mahatma Gandhi Dancing"
"Winston Churchill  20 years old  February 1895 (x-post r/historyporn)"
"I ain't happy. I'm feeling glad!"
"classic 'when you see it'"
"Just an average day at the park..."
"I see your &quot;cat whore&quot; and raise you a &quot;horse whore&quot;."
"Wut?"
"How I felt when I realized pinrrest was just Reddit for women."
"I would watch two hours of this"
"We need to figure out a way to get this man to run for office!"
"Breaking the sound barrier can be terrifying!"
"Lines..."
"Because sometimes it's too sunny in 'Murica!"
"The next iPhone."
"Iphone 10"
"iPhone 10"
"6 000 rim jobs"
"6000 of them hey?"
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"Self-deprecating humor"
"By the power of Grayskull  can someone explain this to me? (probably NSFW)"
"I see your nerd couple  and raise you &quot;ultra&quot; nerd couple...."
"I have made an important discovery."
"Show us how it's done  boys!"
"God bless you  Dad"
"When you reach max level...You stop leveling."
"Alzheimer Disease"
"Ate too much and now i'm full..."
"Don't fuck with Ms. Trunchbull"
"Slenderman and Enderman have dinner"
"[SHOPPED] Miley Cyrus?"
"For Mother Russia."
"Cut my frog into pieces..."
"The smoothest loading GIF I've ever seen."
"a real scanner darkly scramble suit"
"You're a lizard  Harry"
"Babysitting"
"Kill it  kill it with fire..."
"Epic Sax Kid"
"Dangerously cool."
"My favorite piece  you think my co-workers will be mad?"
"We Get It"
"Never noticed this space jam pulp fiction reference"
"How I imagine Ted Nugent and Donald Trump right now."
"How Canadians view America"
"so funi"
"The outside world"
"Relaxing after a hard day's work  only to realize I've forgotten something very important."
"A little friend"
"Ya so  Just a sweater."
"Yeah... so that happened."
"I didn't do anyt..."
"Okay! Okay! You can't take the bamboo back  just don't eat me!"
"How I feel when strangers on the Internet agree with me."
"Only musicians will understand this"
"Trust me  I'm an engineer... (x-post from /r/pics)"
"I would never complain about sleeping on the couch again"
"fapfapfapflap"
"Screw the lockout  I'll make my own NHL.(ex.post from r/hockey)"
"Perspective"
"I think I found Shitty_Watercolour..."
"DJ Jesus"
"Farm cats."
"How I feel every time someone tells me they got a job at a place I applied for."
"My reaction to bad jokes"
"Personal ads on okcupid."
"Just some trees"
"Shuttle Mission [PIC]"
"FWD: fw: FWD: fwd: fwd: Once in a lifetime picture!!!!"
"Fool me once shame on me..fool me twice shame on you"
"Duck Face"
"Such a nerd..."
"The day is almost over and I just noticed the cake next to my name."
"Me when I realized yesterday was my second cakeday"
"I died a little when I found this."
"Just some men about to make history"
"Flying squirrel."
"Mouth says eat  legs say no"
"Duckface"
"Oh shit..."
"DESTROY THEM WITH LAZERS"
"Closer... Closer... Got it!"
"So that's how you do it........."
"STRIKE!"
"I don't think hamsters are supposed to do that."
"Oh noes!"
"Oh Jesus..."
"Googled &quot;Was not disappointed.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"NOPE"
"Googled Awesome turtle and found this"
"Huge SVBIED explosion obliterates soldiers at a Syrian army checkpoint"
"Yes  those were people getting flung across the screen [NSFL]"
"I would walk a thousand miles... [Fix'd]"
"Leave me alone..."
"The internet in one picture"
"Probably my favorite Daniel Radcliffe quote"
"Yakety WHACKS"
"GTA: Pooh (X-Post from r/gaming)"
"You can keep your pocket whales and lap giraffes. I'm getting a house hippo."
"Batman and the gang sure know how to work it"
"move your body (bat)girl!"
"Since we're doing this now  thought I might as well share my preferred song."
"Relax"
"get in there  yeah yeah."
"My take on this .gif"
"Watched this for too long at a [5]"
"Upvoting dogs on r/Aww"
"Evolution works in mysterious ways."
"Let's save us all a lot of time. Here's how America views the rest of the world."
"where's me spinach?"
"I've had a few myself."
"Sandy! I NEED IT"
"Sandy's just helping out"
"Hurricane Sandy and Spongebob"
"Sure thing..."
"Deal with it."
"Is this becoming a trend?"
"On my news feed today."
"Coolest way to propose"
"THIS! IS! MINECRAAAAAFFTTT!"
"Browsing Google images and..."
"Audrey Hepburn in the kitchen"
"This is the Mario party I know"
"What it feels like to play Mario Party drunk"
"True for all games in this series..."
"Who DOES that?!"
"monorail cat"
"When I realize I'm looking at shemale porn.."
"Whenever RES glitches and shows subreddits i'm not subscribed to."
"My friend's reaction to the &quot;stripper&quot; we ordered."
"Off to a bad start..."
"Ghost Rider cosplay gone wrong."
"Repost? Meh  this is too beautiful not to share..."
"The President has Style [690x458] [x-post from r/PresidentObama and r/HumanPorn]"
"How do you get ready for a battle?"
"POTUS"
"Today is my birthday  and this is how I feel...."
"Russian Iron Man [FIXED]"
"A little cooler."
"Minecraft IRL"
"MineCraft IRL"
"Run!!!"
"Hey this is cool  lets just push this button here... OH NOOO RUNNN!"
"I do not get. Someone please 'splain."
"What the cats thinking"
"I can haz backin' up"
"childhood excitement wasn't very complicated"
"awe yisss"
"What I think of when someone says the word reboot"
"Tungurahua Erupts"
"Amazing volcano photo"
"Braille Rubik's"
"No time to explain  Get in the car"
"How did he even do that"
"Forever alone level date night"
"Growing up... this was THE dream girl"
"This was found on a mosque in Harrisonburg  VA - Imgur"
"So...this happened at our local mosque today. Fuck hatred."
"While I wouldn't want to share either of these pictures  the standard remains. [X-post from r/funny]"
"Gets me every time."
"Flagging the Pole Star  setting up for the 43rd Oregon Country Fair (OC)"
"Hey  guys  here's the link to the hi res Half Life stained glass logo some of you wanted for wallpaper. Also  I finished Iron Man and will have pics tomorrow morning  the making of gallery is in the comments if you want to see it."
"This is what everyone will be saying  before there mauled by zombies"
"When someone opens a pack of gum"
"Sigh... happens all the time."
"I know this pain all too well."
"Tennis ball haircut..best haircut ever?"
"I wish this was a real book."
"......wat"
"An air bubble  trapped inside a water droplet  on the International Space Station"
"Don't pull the thang out..."
"Give your kids Churros..."
"Reddit representative at the obama rally"
"I wasn't sure if this had been posted before  but I thought it was too good not to share: Tom Hardy and Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Seemed a bit obvious."
"Watch this while listening to ANY music"
"How me and my cousin feel about family gatherings on Christmas eve after our annoying aunt shows up"
"Like a boss"
"YAY!"
"Got a speeding ticket while vacationing in another country."
"Nothing like paying the bills."
"Look out for that penis snake! [sfw]"
"Fuck Off Jesus"
"Just a little pi"
"i honestly can't wait to go to hell"
"And you were really on a roll too..."
"Hey grandpa how have you.... Oh my.. Yeah I'll see you later..."
"Inevitable"
"Reddit's effect on the development of a talented artist..."
"Just watched Attack of the Clones - this is all I could think of during the Coruscant chase"
"I think this has a better ring to it."
"Havin' a wonderful time!"
"Pilot Ejecting from his CF-18 Fighter"
"Costume fitting for The Wizard of Oz."
"Stock Photos Made Funny"
"An international school teacher throws a question..."
"Come here and give me a hug!"
"I just heard about this...why does it exist"
"Polar bears can be dicks"
"stupid text"
"Calvin explains corporate america"
"That escalated quickly."
"Southern Peru Reddit Meetup"
"the cutest picture of llamas i've ever seen"
"I find this one cuter."
"Instagram in a nutshell."
"A valid question"
"Catduck"
"A baby Macaque can easily be the most adorable 80yr old man-hobbit"
"Eaaaaaarrrr flapflapflap"
"How it feels working in an internet start up company..."
"Meanwhile in Africa..."
"Why it's just a beneficial lubricant!"
"There's nothing better than butter"
"Straight thug"
"Bring back any memories?"
"Truth"
"Every time I buy pizza rolls..."
"The Problem of Evil"
"The mullet may have met its match."
"Amputee On Break During a Training Session Helping US Troops for Psychological Battle Readiness [NSFL]"
"Best News Team Photo Ever"
"La Giosmirkda"
"So that's what a 16th century silver medalist looks like"
"How reddit feels about most of my posts."
"I drive a classic car w/o AC. This is how it feels getting out now that the weather is 106°"
"Science  not Religion  can get us here:"
"The ideal city would be something like this."
"$1200 knife"
"One day...."
"Saw this a while ago  I'm still laughing."
"Fido  India  Romeo  Sierra  Tango. /Over."
"Right about now I wish there were mother fucking snakes on this mother fucking plane"
"Looked up Kraken on google images  first result."
"Father of the Century"
"Whatever works I guess....."
"What the hell do you think this is!?"
"Had to print these out this past weekend:"
"How I feel being the only one to clean the house"
"The Narrows  Blanco County  Texas"
"let's play a game."
"Epic photobomb [definitely NSFW]"
"This shouldn't amuse me as much as it does."
"Meanwhile  in Zombieland..."
"Who invented weather balloons?"
"I am not a clever man. [Buttersafe]"
"Always gives me a nice chuckle"
"Boxer cat"
"Googled &quot;The most American picture ever&quot;. This was the first result."
"I'm looking forward to college"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Reason I know the Bible lies"
"Just a sloth being a sloth."
"You sir  are now considering adopting a baby sloth"
"Little rabbit!"
"Wait... where's my drink?"
"What the fuck?"
"So close"
"Unimpressed with photoshop..."
"You can't tell me Obama ISN'T a redditor..."
"McKayla Maroney and President Obama Are Not Impressed"
"She's really milking this for all it's worth"
"Nicolas cage: god of thunder"
"god i love the cage"
"Whenever one of my hardcore heroes dies in Diablo 3"
"When I found out my favourite teacher  who taught me about the geologic time scale  was a christian."
"I raise your Googled username find with.. well  this."
"The Sakurajima Volcano"
"Certainly a repost  but something I think about everytime r/circlejerk or r/adviceanimals (same thing sometimes) complains about this subreddit  and how we're all assholes."
"Be this guy."
"Alternate beginning to The Lion King"
"Close enough"
"a whole lot of nope in one small package"
"The toughest answer of all time..."
"Finally!!!"
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstong  minutes after walking on the moon. RIP. (X-Post from /r/HistoryPorn)"
"Hey Reddit. Help me solve this riddle."
"I remember EVERYTHING"
"How I wake up when I smell bacon"
"Fall is coming!"
"What I'm sick of seeing on Reddit"
"Bet you can't up vote it."
"Rise  Lord Vader"
"Dat new dance gif."
"In da Club"
"Ped"
"The ultimate Nyan Cat art"
"my dogs stared at me as I laughed way too hard"
"Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin share recipes"
"When i don't get mah little plane sandwich's i get mad."
"Get into my pants. (Safe for Work)"
"Some guy randomly sent me this at 3AM..."
"Some of the best comments from the r/soccer and r/NFL April Fools switch"
"Blood in  Blood out..."
"I laugh every time I see this."
"I've seen this on here before but I can't stress this enough (How I feel as a conservative Christian on Reddit)"
"Bad Barney"
"&quot;I'll just go on Reddit for a minute...&quot;"
"Have you ever seen anyone fall UP and escalator??"
"HELP! I've fallen and I can't get up...err um get down!"
"Sewing Machine"
"Tiny Bunny is Tiny!!"
"Jut a baby elephant in a raincoat."
"Got a new printer today."
"And we shall name him... Ewok Jr."
"Not sure if I've figured out reddit yet."
"Kitties &amp; Titties"
"What in the fucking fuck."
"John McCain mixed with a bad acid trip."
"Champagne Supernova"
"Bender (xpost /r/funny)"
"Black baby bear!"
"Stop it Pandora  You're Drunk"
"How I feel after submitting a cake-day post only to discover it was yesterday..."
"Don't mind me"
"The after sex piss"
"Reddit's relationship with reposts [FIXED]"
"Gandalf the black-and-white"
"Santa was really off with his landing"
"For The Ladies"
"J.G. Wentworth"
"Call JG Wentworth"
"Honestly not sure how this makes me feel about Nickelback.. so bad they're now GOOD?"
"So many good memories. [Fixed]"
"Best. gif. Ever."
"bounce bounce bounce [fixed]"
"Well then..."
"Still my favorite FB post of all time."
"Clever"
"Sausage."
"Climbing without rope. Alex Honnold on the Half Dome  Yosemite."
"The most Russian name in the world!"
"Shet and Howler enjoy playing"
"Power Walking"
"This must be what the front page is like"
"How's the love for hedgehogs here?"
"Dragonfly high five"
"Mind=Blown"
"It's a sheep  no wait... It's a pig... I'm confused."
"Good  Better  Best"
"Three gymnasts on a skyscraper. That is all."
"Canadian car chase"
"We went out last night to celebrate my Birthday at a restaurant. This is me once they started singing . . ."
"the desktop on my computer makes me smile every time i turn it on"
"Saw this on Facebook. Thought you guys would enjoy it."
"What's happened when you've made the front page"
"1 Megabite"
"Upgraded my computer today. One megabite at a time."
"Sorry if this is a repost... made me laugh for an hour straight"
"You know that moment in public when you fart and think you may have shit your pants? And find that you didn't?"
"Cutest dog picture EVER!"
"Knitler!"
"how in the world....?"
"Cute Chubby Penguin"
"For my Cake day I present to you my favorite gif..."
"Derp link corgi"
"I...did not see that coming"
"Never will I sit on my throne with the same level of comfort"
"Penn State's new mascot"
"This is what I imagine working at sonic would be like."
"J.D. wait a second  what?"
"What ocean sand looks like - magnified 250 times"
"GOOD KITTY!"
"Umass Boston hasn't cancelled classes for tomorrow. Good luck to anyone commuting..."
"Had this for years. Still my favorite Pink Floyd poster."
"Personal favorite Splash Mountain pic"
"Quite possibly one of the best advertisements I have ever seen."
"Skrillex tattoo? Puh-lease..."
"It's not offensive  it's scientific!"
"Incredible Day and Night Combined Photos of New York City by Stephen Wilkes (album)"
"Reddit Gang Sign"
"I'd do the same thing  honestly."
"A quick death is the only escape."
"The Original Three"
"Don't Hate Valve For Delaying Episode Three  The Answer Why is Right Here."
"This is how I walk out of my room after having sex and I know my roomies are home."
"How I feel (on the inside) when I win an argument."
"How I feel on Reddit with 11 Karma after a Month"
"Poor jorge"
"Fundie 'friend' posted this"
"Slip-N-Slide"
"Gotta teach the kids what Halloween is really about as early as possible."
"If you had this  you were the coolest kid on the block. (fixed)"
"Science."
"Well played  evolution."
"I'm not to sure what I was expecting..."
"Wait what?"
"This plank looks petrified"
"Some friends took a picture. Looks awfully familiar."
"How I feel when I pee when I'm drunk."
"Will Ferrell speaks the truth...."
"Reddit  let's get this done."
"My Facebook news feed is filled with people bragging about their Chik-Fil-A visits today. I think my status pretty elegantly sums up how I feel."
"Seemed like a good way to end the day."
"Things Jean-Claude van Damme said (attenuated)"
"When my family is gone and I have the 'house' to myself..."
"Pick me!"
"I think I've found my new background"
"Flight director of the Mars Curiosity rover  Bobak Ferdowsi"
"Typed in &quot; weird&quot; on google...."
"Forget all these 3 games  I just want a number 2!"
"Catch!"
"An unlikely superhero name"
"I'm awake ALL the time and upvote EVERYTHING"
"The most glorious mullet of all time."
"How I feel when I wake up the next day to see that one of my posts did well on Reddit."
"Just enjoying a carrot"
"Cool outdoor pool table"
"Bitch  I'm on a tractor. (gif)"
"Bacon and eggs"
"Sadimir Poutin'"
"welcome to Canada  fucking yankee (OC)"
"welcome to Canada  fucking yankee (OC)"
"Thought I could hold my shit in until my lunch break at work."
"Just another day..."
"Reddits CEO on his way to a meeting"
"200m firebubble of Trinity  the nuclear explosion that marked the beginning of the Atomic Age  16 milliseconds after detonation. Specks on the horizon are trees."
"I'd imagine this is what heaven is like"
"Redditor kills kittens and puts their bodies in heart shape."
"Kittens sleeping in a heart shaped Ying and Yang."
"THIS stuff"
"taken from r/wallpapers  thought it deserved more attention."
"We're so God Damn MILITANT!"
"Smelly Balls."
"Why didn't someone think of this game sooner?"
"The life of the party"
"Thigh Strength"
"If you're wearing a bikini  where do you put your poke balls?"
"After a week long family vacation."
"Oh god why.."
"Sooo... I found the Cookie Monster..."
"Baby and puppy. TOO PRECIOUS!"
"ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz"
"He knows whats up..."
"Malaysian man with rare skin disease."
"Proof that atheists conspired with Hitler"
"They just don't give a fuck."
"Normally when someone yells &quot;jello shots!&quot; I run into the other room  but these look fun."
"Seriously  cats love it!"
"If households budgeted like the G.O.P."
"OF COURSE Reagan rode a velociraptor into battle!"
"Ronald Reagan Riding a Velociraptor"
"Thanks for this  scholastic book fair"
"I would be that happy too."
"In honor of shark week."
"Gonna make you sweat!"
"Me  as someone from Miami when I hear everyone else complain about the weather.... (humidity)"
"Will Smith doesn't ride cheap..."
"The fact that you are not ready."
"Well  may I?"
"Ever wondered about those &quot;For a good time call...&quot; in public bathrooms?"
"Here is a baby marmoset to brighten your day"
"Lets riot after we win the world series"
"Recognized my sister on /r/gonewild. [FIXED]"
"How I feel when there is 12 minutes left of my cakeday and I have nothing prepared!"
"A hamster in a swing. That is all."
"Patriot T-shirts"
"Found this on my fb feed i facepalmed way to much...."
"This is the sole reason I deleted my Facebook."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"And yet another example of horrible misuse of memes. Found it on my newsfeed."
"OWNED."
"Gaben it up"
"I found this account logged into a public computer at my university's library  so here's a picture of a book I loved as a kid!"
"Some Things Never Change"
"Only in Australia"
"He Knew What He Was Doing  Batgirl"
"Van Persie - such grace"
"Shame and guilt issue!"
"Women’s magazine"
"Neverending Story  throws Bastion for loop."
"trying to get into a bar/alcohol while underage"
"This is what I have to do when a cop looks at my drivers licence"
"Vintage Dorian"
"Classic JD."
"It's okay ... I bought him jeans."
"My sister came home and found this... *FIXED*"
"Boys for life!"
"Right brain Left brain."
"So its settled. Jim Carrey was the original troll face."
"Just a soldier and his kitten."
"Beat advice you can give a woman"
"It finally makes sense! (SFW  x/post from r/4chan)"
"I hate Mondays"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [Fixed]"
"Keeping warm and taking a nap"
"8 year olds  dude"
"I'm flying!"
"Any former Christians been here?"
"To fap  or not to fap..."
"The woes of the Summer Steam Sale."
"Improvised hair tie"
"It's a bird  it's a plane... [gif]"
"Police dog tackle"
"Upvote or Downvote?"
"Alright... fess up!"
"They really don't give a fuck"
"For god sake grandma!"
"Dalmatian Shadow"
"Painting of a creature composed of parts from various Tim Burton movies (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"Your sign can't tell me what to feel."
"Saw these two friends at the zoo today"
"Pefect"
"when i found out my girlfriend is a redditor"
"Hey you! Come back  I have to tell you something. Don't go."
"Quite possibly the most 90s picture ever taken."
"I believe I can fly"
"I know we're onto Islam/Muslim now..."
"Oh you know  I'm just hangin' out reddit!"
"You can help stop this madness"
"A badass demonstration."
"Uploading pictures of my cat to the internet (Courtesy of Bubbles)"
"I googled &quot;What is Reddit&quot; this was on the first page."
"BUNNIES in cups!"
"How I feel when someone makes a point that they are checking out a girl."
"Soon"
"How I feel after a weekend filled with partying"
"Owl and Owlette"
"Mother and Daughter"
"Oh Anna  you naughty thing"
"Just realised it's my cake day..."
"Professer Trout Strikes Again"
"Due to the increased level of reposts I felt this old classic should be updated."
"My nightly battle with the Internet is a little bit like this."
"Can't. Sop. Watching."
"Mad Skills [gif]"
"Surprised kitty"
"OMG it was you!"
"Don't mind me  just dropping by!"
"I don't think this song has ever fit more than it does right now."
"flying on a crocodile"
"If only this actually happened"
"Onions!"
"Lookout!"
"The Internet really does have everything."
"Fox News Geography Fail"
"Today  Fox news announced Alabama will now become Mississippi  Mississippi will now become Alabama  and Arkansas borders are now part of Missouri."
"Classy Lizard"
"Ha! My sales director embedded this in a company-wide email about the debate on cloud computing"
"I.. I just.. you.. nevermind"
"Was searching for CreamPuff when I found this"
"What I see when someone posts anything related to Game of Thrones"
"1% win."
"Yes  this guy is riding his bicycle on the BQE."
"HIFW I get the highest grade on a test"
"This scared the shit out of me  Every damn time."
"One of the best console mods I have ever seen..."
"Santa knows what I want for Christmas"
"Pika. Oh Pika Pi!"
"Was this guy hopping mad!?"
"This bear does not give two shits"
"(Catholic) Sex Flowchart"
"Reddit ! In the morning i got him in my farm how's it ?"
"A photo taken in Naco  Arizona (1979) of a volleyball game between Mexican and U.S. citizens  using the border fence between Mexico and Arizona as the net."
"ok you can keep it"
"buttsex"
"Get Cute."
"Carpet of Flowers."
"I'm sure this has been posted before  but I just saw it for the first time and laughed my ass off."
"How all fans of the series felt about the movie (xpost from r/gaming"
"Now now Pickachu  play nice."
"Attention is definitely needed handling bombs..."
"The things he's seen..."
"BURN! by a pug"
"The worst feeling"
"The most difficult decision of my life."
"Yesterday or Yesterday?"
"Chuck Norris's cat"
"Bacon rock"
"Talking to a 14 year old"
"Classic Omegle moment."
"thank you unicorn! i will never go without it now."
"Cover the centre and the dots speed up  cover the corners and the dots slow down..."
"Put your first in the middle and watch it speed up. (optical illusion)"
"Indeed. (NSFW maybe?)"
"Goron Freeman"
"&quot;Impregnate my ass!&quot; and other motivational quotes from Japan."
"Seems about right..."
"Every time I go on r/WTF..."
"Courage wolf comforts insanity wolf"
"A shared laugh"
"Hahahahahahahaha!"
"Nothing to do here."
"Halloween costume win! [FIXED]"
"Japan Man"
"Happy Fathers Day  Dad."
"Spoil dad this Father's Day!"
"I don't think that's what Dad will be expecting."
"Bees"
"I always heard of Gangrene but never decided to really look into what it was..."
"DON'T TOUCH THE GIRLS"
"Don't touch the girls"
"When I get a lot of down votes on a post"
"Huh?"
"Suddenly..."
"Your new desktop background - ISS backdropped by the void of space and the thin line of Earth's atmosphere"
"Well  you wanted to break something  right?"
"When I think of never having to do chemistry and math ever again."
"How I feel for every upvote."
"After getting my morning coffee"
"I'm Fabulous"
"My face when I finally hit front page with original content."
"if yoda married an ewok"
"&gt;be a bear"
"A chick embryo."
"Say it to my face"
"Sup bro?"
"give me 5!"
"BALLS OF STEEL!"
"How it feels getting upvotes on cake day"
"This man deserves a salute"
"Just like every other picture day"
"I knew I was small compared to the universe...but damn![fixed]"
"Earth's size"
"How I really feel when girls talk to me"
"This doesn't seem quite right..."
"I Loled"
"Little Mer...WTF"
"Mother Of God..."
"How I feel when someone says they like the remastered Star Wars."
"My chest hurts"
"Anatomy of an erection. NSFW"
"Interesting elevator sign....."
"I see your Walken poster and raise you..."
"Go home Trampoline....you are drunk"
"Well Played Sandy..."
"Predator Prey Relationships"
"Check out this Chick's pussy (SFW)"
"Best friends."
"3D Pixel Mario"
"I am a black man and this cracks me up every time."
"you so crazy"
"Waking up early on a vacation day"
"That feeling when you finally get a joke."
"Win"
"Is this legal?"
"Origami for beginners (Fixed)"
"My buddy did this during some midnight editing"
"Polar Bear Cubs Chasing Each Other (GIF)"
"Every time I try to play imgur roulette"
"Rockstar House  literally."
"Radisson Blu Hotel  Berlin"
"Whenever I see someone use this as a reaction gif  the only title I can see is &quot;When I jerk off two guys at once and feel good about it&quot;..."
"Shhh  the Reddit movie is starting!"
"Creep"
"We Kill the Pac-Man"
"This hungry cat always makes me laugh"
"Find The Cat."
"Too many cats. r/aww needs golden retrievers"
"Do you like it outside?"
"She does what now?"
"when you see it..."
"Bird's-Eye View of Missile Launch"
"Guess the web browser game!"
"Faith enhancing spray"
"Cute  Mad  and OMNOMNOM"
"Every time I toast waffles only to find out we're out of syrup..."
"Saw this on my facebook today"
"best reaction to a zombie  ever"
"For those with squid fetishes....enjoy. NSFW"
"This is the Christmas Card"
"No one should have to watch it  really"
"Dear Icebergs "
"I Googled &quot;Put your hands where I can see them&quot; Not even close  Google."
"Something to try next time you're bored on the subway.."
"I don't even"
"woah... Emma Watson see-through top - NSFW"
"NOOO  BATMAN  NOOOOO!"
"This happens all the time and I love it!"
"This is how I view the rest of reddit"
"I thought this was worthy of Reddit."
"Lance Armstrong admits to using rugs"
"Poseidon Resort"
"The True Size Of Africa: A Small Contribution in the Fight Against Rampant Immappancy [x/post from r/TrueReddit]"
"So bouncy!"
"And here's how you should sell a book [FIXED]"
"If the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air had a spin-off."
"How to break reddit"
"My face when a theist friend of mine told me that &quot;Gays only choose to become homo because it's accepted in every society  and it is a direct result of people not following the perfect morals offered by Islam&quot;"
"samuel l jackson"
"Regarding the Muslim situation in France  and in general  this gives a very good perspective of both sides."
"Whats going to happen since i started LOTR"
"Gangsta as fuck."
"How I imagine people from Massachusetts felt every time Romney mentioned being Governor."
"Girls in r/gonewild. [Fixed]"
"What the?"
"Stunning"
"So I had Siri change my name. This was the result"
"Siri just doesn't understand us Canadians ...."
"Siri  wake me up at six forty...fuck"
"How I feel when a lot of people upvote my comment..."
"Meanwhile in Australia"
"Go away  I'm busy."
"Something told me I had to buy the photo this time."
"MANLIER!!!!"
"ITT: Under 16 sex stories"
"the only christian bale we need"
"When one of my posts is ridiculed into oblivion."
"Hmm..."
"Alison Brie is smashing"
"I see your carved skull  and raise you a crystal geode skull."
"Google maps vs. Apple maps in one picture (ouch)"
"The cake is a (lie down)"
"playing with yourself"
"RELEASE MY GENITALS!!!"
"now THATS a toolbox."
"I think this is your stop..."
"An unexpected turn of events... O_O"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Fuck 9/11 war mongering. Here's a field of flowers."
"Pretend pistols"
"Still makes me laugh every damn time"
"Why do you ask?"
"Stewie Griffin on girls with cameras"
"My reaction while going through Facebook....."
"My first try at this."
"Ermagerd! A tree!"
"When I try to &quot;socialize&quot;"
"The perfect woman  according to the internet - GAFComics"
"Cannot unsee."
"This is how business is done"
"This is how business is done [x-post r/funny]"
"Making the headlines! (crosspost from /r/pics)"
"Porn for redditers"
"The future.."
"Wordplay!"
"Watching the Man of Steel trailer shown before The Dark Knight Rises"
"This fits so well  Gorillas"
"Curious Gorillas and a Caterpillar"
"Check out my new skateboard trick!"
"What i do when i get one upvote"
"I love family pictures  especially when we can match."
"Who remembers searching for this guy as a youngster?"
"Googled &quot;Cheer me up&quot;. I think it worked."
"Move man  this my bitch"
"Honor guard remaining at vigil at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during storms caused by hurricane Sandy"
"Adventure Mormon!"
"Was told to post this here.."
"I feel like this should be the obligatory response to all reposts."
"Every damn time..."
"How my allergies always seem to greet me."
"Did she really think that was going to work?"
"Laziness Level - Fat Person"
"Dear DICE  make this happen"
"What are they transporting?"
"Bacon"
"Let him play"
"That moment when you realize you took the wrong kind of allergy medicine."
"Back To The Future - Attention to detail!"
"Bad Luck Brian Strikes Again"
"Katy Perry Bounce"
"Ctrl  Alt  Banana?"
"When Reddit rejects my posts..."
"Came back from a trip to Amsterdam to find I'd missed my first cakeday"
"How I felt when the girl that I thought I could settle down with broke up with me."
"How I felt when my boss told me I was working until 11pm on New Years Eve"
"I'm quitting Reddit on Tuesday for college."
"116 days and counting"
"The ultimate in Parental Trolling - Frogdad"
"4Chan user pranked by father (Frogdad)"
"Floating island"
"How I feel on most days..."
"‎&quot;In that brief moment  more things lived and died in that universe than we could possibly imagine.&quot;"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"Funny Crayons"
"Siberian children living in one of the coldest places on Earth receiving UV treatment due to lack of sunlight"
"Siberian children living in one of the coldest places on Earth receiving UV treatment due to lack of sunlight [Mark P Wexler]"
"The Tyranny of King Washington revealed."
"Blarghargharharghar"
"Awesome house"
"The Perfect Staircase"
"When it's hotter back home than it is here in Phoenix"
"How ice cream sandwiches are made"
"This ruined Zelda fairies for me..."
"How I feel about Omegle posts."
"How I feel about all these &quot;cleverbot fight&quot; posts"
"I missed my cake day and..."
"Gifs Of People From Infomercials Being Stupid"
"Door-to-Door Atheism"
"Blend in to your surroundings"
"Creative Hair."
"I feel like this cat has excellent caption potential."
"Religion is like a penis o_O"
"I couldn't agree more"
"Surprised Derp"
"picked up this dandy jacket at a yard sale for $4.00"
"Meanwhile... In r/new"
"How it feels browsing /new"
"Subway Baby!"
"Tallahassee just heard the news about twinkies..."
"Plitvice National Park"
"Oh imgur - random  you have yet to disappoint me..."
"I just googled &quot;what is reddit?&quot; this is the 13th result"
"The one and only Melanie Iglesias [X-Post r/brunettes]"
"Watcha Doin?"
"How I feel right now with swimmers ear. AHHHHHH!!!!!"
"We all wished we were John Smith during this scene"
"Hopkins"
"I can't stop laughing. But it's cute  too."
"My body is ready"
"Poor T-Rex"
"T-Rex hates pushups"
"Oh t-rex you so silly..."
"I hope never to see one of these in my life!"
"How i imagine getting on the front page feels."
"Bear Poo"
"Looks legit..."
"African MacBook"
"Not even once."
"How the definition of beauty has changed in the past ~100 years"
"shake vigorously  attack airplane...got it"
"Derpy pirate cat"
"Long live the king..."
"TIL..0_0(mildly nsfw)"
"The Reddit Legacy"
"This game had an epic ending cutscene"
"Nice to meet you."
"Clint Eastwood holding an armadillo"
"Who all had one of these?"
"Find it quite funny how much I used to love getting this in a happy meal...anybody else with me?"
"Christian logic"
"So that's why she was so mad"
"White people problems"
"everytime i think of microsoft word.."
"When girls attention whore by saying the are ugly."
"Rockets mascot destroys laker fan"
"take that asshole!"
"fuck cops"
"Kitties in tiny beds"
"AaaaawwwwMYGOD"
"This is me contributing. This is me contributing."
"Baby Gourmet!"
"Smashing!"
"can someone please explain? [nsfl]"
"A Johnny of all trades!"
"That moment."
"one of the best  most under-rated game for gamecube"
"Please tell me I'm not the only one who used to play this game and enjoyed it"
"Best game that'll probably never get a sequel [FIXED]"
"what the hell did science do"
"Worst multiple choice ever."
"You're a door? Bitch  please"
"Poodle Pompadour"
"how i feel inside when a stranger sits down next to me"
"And then there was Mark"
"No cute animals so here's the only post I've ever submitted ! REPOST"
"Hipster Hitler"
"I do what I want!!"
"Seems legit..."
"OTTER DAY! It's my cake day and I want to make it known as Otter Day! (aka an excuse to spam cute otter pictures) KITTIES OF THE SEA!"
"Bacon Guy (10 guy)"
"&quot;Loaded&quot; potato skins (x-post /r/mildlyinfuriating)"
"Parenting"
"Why does this tickle me so much."
"Like dolls aren't freaky enough already"
"How I feel about the Steam Holiday Sales"
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"I have laughed at this too many times today..."
"Every time I am driving with my Dad on board..."
"Making the most of it."
"X-ray VS. Sting Ray."
"I see ray through you..."
"I can hear my neighbors having sex"
"I Don't Make This Stuff Up  Man"
"Oh Ned Stark..."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"#1 image when googling &quot;fuck everything about this&quot;"
"This came across my FB... Whole lot of NOPE and NOPE"
"Mad Redditor?"
"What Posting A Grammatical Error On Reddit Feels Like..."
"Faith in Humanity Lost..."
"why so sad?"
"I'm melting!"
"i am not a blanket  but i would like one."
"Binders Fulla Women"
"Binders Fulla Women"
"R-Money"
"yummy...cheese..good."
"A better format for the debate"
"Oceans are deep [Edit]"
"Searched for Eddie Murphy..."
"I am on Facebook every day  every week  every year  all the time. This is how I imagine my friends when I go offline for 5 days next weekend."
"You cant trust anyone these days..."
"I don't even..."
"What's happening here....?"
"wat (FTFY)"
"Is there something on my back ??"
"That's unfortunate."
"How my friends react to Arrested Development references"
"Black physicians treating a member of the Ku Kux Klan in the ER"
"My Noble Steed"
"Can't wait for this to hit xbla!"
"Don't leave a bro-bear hanging!"
"Long time no see  buddy!"
"Blackmobile"
"It's terrifying how human-like their faces are."
"Not the Tyrone America needed but the Tyrone America deserves"
"Now that I'm finally in a relationship"
"Elderly ninja."
"Elderly Ninja"
"It's Opposite Day!"
"opposite day"
"Want"
"Pro tip: Dress up in this and stand as still as you can in an arcade."
"Just Bambi and Simba cuddling"
"I'll just leave this here. Bobcat curled up into a deer after a California wildfire. Picture taken by my cousin"
"yeee muffins"
"Is that a bumper car?"
"license please...(x-post from r/wtf) sfw"
"Nature Adapting - Imgur"
"So I logged on to Google+ today..."
"I'll just leave this here"
"Every time I go in to take an exam in college"
"Hand's up"
"Swim a mile in my stream  and then fish me."
"A glance into the future of airports (2400x1350)"
"Absolutely Brilliant!"
"This just makes me want a Husky even more."
"Bananaman.. you scare me on so many levels."
"So much WTF"
"Meanwhile  in Asia..."
"Dafuq did I just see..."
"How my week has felt so far. Thanks world!"
"I was searching for Nokia factory  this was in the image results"
"&quot;What is the best way to stop your children from becoming an atheist?&quot;"
"How I felt being called out on an accidental repost."
"How I feel as a new person on reddit trying to get karma."
"Joseph Stalin in his 20s"
"My cat's a dick..."
"Nirvana's #1 fan (FB)"
"Do you know who that is?"
"Nope."
"He went to Jared!"
"Overly Manly Man on crying"
"Bitch mittens"
"When I come across a cliff while playing Assassin's Creed 3"
"I heard this beauty down the pub regarding dry skin..."
"Back in the day they used turnips instead of pumpkins. I think they look way creepier..."
"anyone have a source/more info on this?"
"..and this little kitty learned how to unhook a bra at a young age."
"How I felt after being a day late to UK/USA reddit battle"
"Stupid Tigger"
"A Taxi cab lot in N.J after Hurricane sandy"
"A friend in NJ shared this with me. I thought you all might appreciate it as well."
"The dentist's cat  drumming up business."
"Well at least he has his balloon"
"Get well."
"Ron Fucking Swanson"
"so I made a Google image search for Ron Swanson"
"The end of the universe."
"Every time i watch a new episode of breaking bad"
"The first picture ever taken (1826)"
"Its Friday  and its my first cake-day."
"The &quot;Golden Rule&quot;"
"At this point I'm just googling pictures of cats and posting my results."
"Our new government can't spell..."
"how i impress women"
"A summary of war in the 21st century so far."
"Probably my favourite gif of all time"
"This gives me goosebumps every time."
"Look what I found"
"Can we keep him mommy?"
"look what I found!"
"Not sure where this goes..."
"Whenever a ridiculous coincidence happens in front of me my brain does this gif. Share your most unbelievable one so I can keep the gif going in my head."
"MIND = BLOWN"
"o fortuna"
"Watching the Watch_Dogs gameplay."
"My mind when I think of the awesomeness of the Mars Rover Curiosity"
"Let's cosplay Rugrats to NYCC  they said. It will be fun  they said."
"Shell Shocked Soldier in 1916. [Crosspost R/creepy][Credit to u/shoryukenist]"
"WHAT is on Tumblr these days?"
"So that's how it happens"
"The end of the rainbow"
"It's not a pot of gold but it will have to do."
"Great remake of a Christmas classic [FB]"
"Revised Christmas Song(s)"
"Seriously WTF?!"
"A cow photo-bombing a horse stuck in a fence..."
"Party At Steve's House!"
"There IS treasure inside!!"
"Probably a repost but OMG Ocelot Kitten! You tiny adorable cuddlebutt."
"Finally  the popular mobile game comes to life!"
"Ahhh America. My home country of the lazy"
"atheism/trees"
"His owner is a cruel genius."
"Arrrrrrrf..."
"Apparently  Fox News needs to work on its geography."
"FOX News geography [Found on FB]"
"Stupid dog..."
"U Mad Bro?!"
"My faggot dog"
"The longer I look  the funnier it gets"
"Don't click if you want to retain pure childhood memories Maybe NSFW"
"Woody?!"
"Octomom Released A Blowjob Video Too Apparently [NSFW]"
"Um...wtf? [NSFW Nudity]"
"I heard Slenderman kidnap Children."
"Phil Spector..."
"hit it gurl"
"Like a Glove!!!"
"Today."
"This is why I use Chrome now."
"If Reddit is talking about foxes I present you"
"If Reddit is talking about foxes I present you (x-post/funny)"
"Just ordered this tea kettle online"
"Being the only black kid in my class  this is everyone's face when my teacher drops the &quot;N-bomb&quot; in my history class."
"My exact reaction to WTF for the past couple days..."
"Yesterday when I was reading the &quot;what's the worst thing you have ever done&quot; thread"
"The Wild Things are on the train"
"Winners of &quot;Best Parents Ever&quot; Award (x-post from r/boston)"
"Parenting Win."
"Baby Platypus"
"I was anticipating my cakeday  and missed it by 10 days."
"how i feel when i get downvoted for no apparent reason"
"How I feel sitting in my dorm at 2 in the morning bored as hell with all my friends gone on this labor day weekend"
"Jesus would vote for him"
"Juan percent"
"The letter opener"
"I'm not allowed to fly the American Flag? Fine  whatever you say..."
"WTF grass roots campaign 2012"
"'Murica."
"Ready or not  here I come."
"Hours of waiting  and nothing happened..."
"Best photobomb ever?"
"I'll be watchin' you."
"Peek-a-Boo!"
"Just found out it's my Cakeday..."
"When I noticed it was my cake day"
"Levels"
"You stay classy Google"
"I added a new filter to help make Reddit more bearable for the next few days."
"I see what you did there..."
"GG Omegle"
"Don't play with fire"
"Official worst family photo. Ever."
"Naked Family Portrait? Check!"
"How it feels to not have your birthday post upvoted..."
"Meanwhile  in VA... (Yes  that's a shark.)"
"Apparently  there are sharks in Brigantine  NJ"
"A friend from the island of Brigantine  NJ just posted this to FB...a shark swimming around in the streets flooded from hurricane Sandy"
"Just a shark swimming up my friends driveway!"
"Shark swimming in the streets of NJ"
"A friend sent me this in an email forward with the text that this picture of a shark was taken in NJ. I've been trying to de-bunk it through Google  FotoForensics  PSKiller  and TinEye. Anyone here able to tell me if this is real?"
"Shark Swimming Around in Atlantic City just popped up in my FB newsfeed"
"A shark was seen swimming around the north end of Brigantine."
"Shark spotted swimming in streets of Brigantine  N.J during Hurricane Sandy"
"A Shark Swims In The Streets of Brigantine  NJ"
"Fun Fact:"
"Oh how..Wait.. What?"
"First time i saw this  i honestly laughed"
"No more basketball!"
"Posting something i think is gold to reddit."
"The first GIF I ever saw. Still my favorite."
"That's So Party Boy Show"
"My reaction to when my teacher puts pictures of him and his boyfriend on his desk..."
"Their*"
"I want some....."
"Literally thought WTF. &quot;Saved By The Bell&quot; Lisa...then and now."
"Yes  yes you are"
"Giada misses the point"
"&quot;Mom! I just discovered a cool site called reddit!&quot;"
"When my wife saw my daughter on 4chan."
"How I feel watching my boyfriend browse Reddit..."
"behold  Jeremy's animal guide"
"This fox is not a part of your system"
"Pain and Sadness"
"KITTY HUGS!"
"Solo true"
"Haunted men"
"And you think that cats are assholes"
"Marijuana"
"Pancakes? There? Nah..."
"There’s a hidden stack of pancakes on the $5; your argument is invalid"
"With Halloween approaching  the best Flickr account ever is back for another season"
"when you see it (you might smirk a little)"
"The original keyboard cat."
"Play it again  Sam!"
"Now I see everything"
"Self-shot: Am I doing it rihgt?"
"Best Halloween Costume I've seen so far"
"Someone got a little excited after scoring a goal."
"Tan lines by Activity."
"The Skid Mark"
"Useful list"
"As a man who can't grow facial hair well this is very inspirational."
"Warranty Void"
"Oldie but a goodie"
"Oldie but a goodie"
"South Park"
"I AM GUNNA BE SO CLASSY NOW"
"Whatcha doin?"
"We just got a Portal at work that links to our west coast office via webcam"
"The fucking 12 year old."
"All I could see when I saw the new hobbit poster"
"Today is the last day I can view Reddit for four months"
"Browsing reddit on my cake day"
"When I found out &quot;A&quot; was upvote and &quot;J&quot; was next post"
"Fire at will"
"finally going on reddit after not having internet for five days"
"Wayne's World: The Prequel"
"The Internet's undersea world"
"my entire life post-graduation."
"Super Mario 64 may have destroyed your joystick  but did it give you blisters on your palm?"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1998* [FIXED ... and corrected]"
"Cool shoes  man."
"Doomsday"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Roses are Black"
"When I'm at a [8] and my friend complains about his problems..."
"Taking tests in a fast paced foreign language course."
"Had to be done"
"A pleasant combination  I think."
"Every time I get a little confidence."
"Pretty much sums it up"
"How I feel not having any friends to tell about my cakeday."
"Ain't no one can do halloween like THE ROCK"
"The Rock dressed up as The Hulk"
"sooo  The Rock dressed up for Halloween this year. I dare you to make fun of him"
"Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson's halloween costume this year"
"Can you spot the difference?"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"Yeeeaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh"
"Always thought these should go together"
"How I feel crossing the 10k Karma Barrier.."
"Night Life  Version 2"
"Seems legit.."
"I wonder how many people he converted..."
"Been waiting almost 2 months to post this"
"Well wishes"
"I agree  goats are like mushrooms..."
"My favorite picture on the internet."
"One of my friends posted this. Would someone care to explain the meaning behind it or is it really that random? (FB)"
"That's enough /b/ for me today..."
"No Running!!"
"How I feel about r/awww some days"
"Every CoD multiplayer match ever."
"How I feel when depression threads only address issues like social anxiety/feelings of worthlessness/suicidal thoughts/etc."
"Spoon."
"Out of fucking nowhere"
"I Googled Seal's. I Didn't Realize The Search Would Make Me Laugh As Hard As I Did."
"photo-bomb level: seal"
"i would do the same Link"
"when you wake up in the morning with more karma then you had in the morning.."
"This came across my Tumblr feed - Golden Retriever/Siberian Husky mix"
"I would be powerless."
"What a pretty puppy"
"How I feel seeing all these &quot;This is me at 8am Class posts&quot; as a recent graduate who works at 7AM everyday"
"How I feel in response to all these infomercial gifs."
"I do this to my dog. All day  every day."
"When my girlfriend told me she's starting birth control"
"Meanwhile in a parallel world..."
"Polar Bear cub"
"Adorable baby Polar Bear"
"When all my friends arrive to a party."
"milky way sky"
"The B-Team Avengers"
"trying to browse reddit before bed but imgur is &quot;down for maintenance&quot;"
"How I imagine /r/politics"
"How I feel whenever people reply to my post"
"How I feel after making an account after being a lurker."
"Anything grumpy cat on adviceanimals today."
"Me on reddit tonight after finishing my last final."
"Every damn time a girl tells me she thinks I'm good looking...."
"Having a vagina does not grant you the right to do this"
"Every time my girlfriend tries to get me to watch Twilight"
"I live on the east coast  this just popped up on my news feed"
"An island fit for a jurassic park... the Aogashima Island"
"Aogashima Island Japan[1536x1152]"
"Scumbag Stephanie"
"My Penis"
"Average face of women of different ethnicities."
"&quot;Hey man  did you see that thing on Reddit today?"
"Expression when finding bible contradictions"
"Walking into the bathroom as your roommate leaves"
"When I realize I'm out of toilet paper"
"When suddenly you hear your ex from across the room"
"Reading 50 Shades of Grey before knowing what it is.."
"SHH no tears.....not tonight"
"Basically how I get out of bed in the morning."
"My friends senior quote from high school  this man really does love harpooning whales though..."
"When I saw I missed my cake day. (FIXED)"
"My favorite superhero."
"Found this saved on my computer  and I wish I knew why..."
"Is this WTF worthy?"
"Just WTF."
"Pig Art?"
"Fabulous!"
"Today is my cakeday and I feel..."
"Cosby"
"This got me through trig..."
"80's Math."
"Jeep left teetering on USA/Mexico border fence"
"Whenever someone submits a link hosted on photobucket..."
"What's wrong with this picture? Look carefully"
"Well...I didn't plan on sleeping anyway..."
"One Day."
"Don't mind me  I'm just flying my boat"
"Every time my posts get downvoted to hell"
"For 9 months I have tried to get to the front page. /r/funny  my question is:"
"After surviving a popped pimple in the death triangle..."
"Glory days etc."
"Dang......"
"Oppan Spidey Style"
"They said any song?"
"Does it really go with any song?"
"Myth Busted"
"Bathroom skiing!"
"Dominance"
"I don't want to live in this planet anymore."
"Tom Cruise &amp; Katie Holmes are divorcing? (x-post from r/reactiongifs)"
"when i saw i missed my cakeday"
"Probably one of the best images I have seen in my lifetime"
"Oh Sarah..."
"Squidward opera virtuoso"
"Houston  we have ignition! NSFW"
"Lake Tree  British Columbia  Canada"
"My view on skrillex's music"
"On Snoop Dogg changing his name"
"To become a lion..."
"2TERMZ 4 O-Bee"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost... TESTING..."
"I'm sure this chess set was a blast when it first came out."
"I'm just gunna leave this here."
"I'm just gunna leave this here."
"Now this is awesome"
"I saw this on /r/funny I thought it belonged here."
"whenever I try and answer a question I think I know in class"
"Meanwhile  in Australia.."
"The longer I stare the funnier it gets."
"Take that NASA"
"Just your standard urinal"
"Musical Piss"
"This is why I thinks &quot;bronies&quot; are freaks [xpost r/wtf]"
"PARTY HARD"
"Oh  4chan......"
"WMF Boning Knife Ad [1024x682]"
"Whenever my buddy and I fight"
"Stork theory"
"All for me? You shouldn't have!"
"Leaving the house for the first time after a 'home' vacation."
"Hey is that Mike over there? MIKE YOU FUCKING PEICE OF SHIT!"
"What the hell did you expect?"
"Thingasaurusrex"
"Lettin' it all hang out"
"Day9 in Tiaras (first post ever)"
"Not sure how this happened but I like it."
"copy and paste this http://i.imgur.com/qgGFF.png into the browser and read the whole thing"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man"
"Im Iron Man"
"How did the editor not catch this?"
"WE LANDED ON MARS!!!"
"Anyone else really starting to feel this way..."
"Too Damn High"
"LSHMSFOAIDMT"
"People seem a little too worried about what's going to happen..."
"As someone who works in a pub with a WINDY beer garden..."
"Pun intended"
"Are you sure Jesus?"
"Thank you  Jesus."
"Thank you Jesus!"
"Not sure  but I think it may be my cakeday."
"I didn't know Justin Bieber was a Girl Scout in the 60s..."
"r/aww did not appreciate the Venezuelan Poodle Moth. I thought you guys might."
"Float on."
"We call it Xtreme soccer."
"zoidberg incredible hulk"
"Being a meanie is tiring stuff"
"Googled bad taxidermy to cheer myself up..."
"I thought it fit..."
"when i masturbate for the first time after a long family vacation"
"When I heard that Curiosity safely landed"
"Ice Tea"
"TDKR ending stolen!"
"Is it just me  or is this .GIF overused?"
"End of Batman in a Nutshell(SPOILERS)"
"Everytime i write an essay"
"Gangnam Style"
"Feel the conga beat!"
"Without a doubt it's been posted before  but it's still funny."
"pump it"
"I snagged a picture of my friend  mid-sneeze."
"REPOST"
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"How Asians Age"
"TIL the 'Daddy Long Legs' harvestman group together in massive numbers to avoid climatic harm/predators"
"Run!"
"Han’s Story."
"I can already see the next Star Wars edition update..."
"[REQUEST] Could somebody alter this gif so that the sign at the end says &quot;9GAG&quot; instead of &quot;reddit&quot;?"
"A white/gold Brush-Tailed Possum with its baby."
"Every damn morning..."
"Kissing level: Asian [FIXED]"
"Know the difference"
"Learn the difference!"
"You see this you idiot?!"
"Thanks a lot  idiot!"
"Thanks a lot  idiot! (X-post from /r/Funny)"
"How to piss off an otter - Imgur"
"Kitty vs Hair Dryer (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"[NSFL] Hey  why the long fa- OH MY FUCKING WHAT"
"Did someone say r/WTF needs more WTF!?"
"No comment..."
"Wut"
"Wonder what happens next"
"Can... she swim?"
"Seems legit."
"No time to explain!"
"A little Hot Rod for ya"
"Well  this sums up 9gag."
"How I feel remembering my cakeday."
"/r/funny"
"Yesterday was my last day working as a mailman  this pretty much summarizes what I did"
"It's ironic how many times this has been reposted"
"When i see pictures of Christmas trees on FB"
"With the recent influx of &quot;this guy reposted my content&quot;"
"When my local radio station starts a segment on celebrity gossip."
"Too cool for words"
"Teach me how to Dougie."
"As requested  the dead dove cover photo!"
"Like father like son"
"Hoverhand Level: 800"
"Steam Sale"
"The conch has spoken!"
"Like a sir"
"As I flip through my test..."
"Whenever I go to r/science"
"So I was reading about Higgs Boson"
"Watching the NASA Mars landing on their stream"
"After attending my first meeting at my new job"
"Well I just laughed like an idiot for about 5 minutes"
"I can't stop laughing at this."
"This gets me every time."
"The force applied to a dog"
"&quot;FML.&quot;"
"Genetics in action"
"This picture made me want to drink a Capri Sun."
"How I picture people who post gifs of how they picture Christians reading r/atheism posts"
"Nothing much  just naked in the park. (Slightly NSFW)"
"How I feel on Exam Day in a lecture style class."
"Today Is My (Real) Birthday. Here's How I Feel When I See the People Wishing Me A Happy Birthday On My Facebook Wall."
"Checking my facebook on my birthday."
"How I feel watching the Olympics and seeing all the countries."
"There is simply not enough manatees in r/aww"
"Mean while in canada"
"How I usually feel when checking my recent posts"
"Poor Wario.."
"Best argument for gay marriage I've ever seen......"
"I would"
"My Friend won a local pumpkin carving contest- waddya think reddit? (the original post was stolen and reposted  and it made the front page. Mine got 10  so i'm giving it another shot here)"
"That moment of relief"
"EVERY TIME"
"And on that day in Ireland  not one soul was seen"
"Amazing picture of New York today with Hurricane Sandy approaching."
"This is an amazing shot of New York today with the Frankenstorm bearing down. Nature is so powerful  yet so beautiful."
"Terrifyingly beautiful"
"Amazing picture of Hurricane Sandy"
"I'm not a meteorologist  but I think there is more rain than sand right now."
"FB friend just uploaded this pic of Sandy."
"When I realize I made a grammatical error in a post."
"I can't be the lone ent here..."
"Browsing r/atheism for the last few weeks..."
"Seriously? I can't relate to most these posts."
"Just like a duck to water..."
"My reaction when I found out my friend got laid for the first time in 8 years (we're 25)"
"Wednesday dropping the funk!"
"Old man from Up"
"CoD Gif"
"After having &quot;The Talk&quot; last night  my roommate decided to put the TP the other way like I said. This is not what I had in mind."
"Welp  that'll end the toilet paper argument for good..."
"This belongs here..."
"Its starting to get colder"
"How I feel when I'm drunk trying to take off my pants"
"Neckbeard to the max..."
"In Capitalist America..."
"After many viewings  &quot;what the fuck&quot; are the only words I can use to describe this scene."
"Mr. ET"
"Obama really nails the Single Ladies wave"
"I was closing by myself at work when I saw this in the basement and nearly had a heart attack"
"faster!"
"Just a couch. With a little bit of Nicholas Cage."
"what i feel cake day posts are like"
"Oh National Text Your Ex Day..."
"Straight to the point"
"You know you have big balls when..."
"Ok  here I go!! Dammit."
"Cat fail"
"How it feels trying to make it to the front page on your first cakeday [album]"
"Like a Boss"
"Every time I don't use a condom with a random girl and everything turns out fine."
"History of Reddit and some other cool facts about this awesome site."
"This guys got the right idea"
"Fisher Price like a boss"
"How I Felt At Graduation"
"Eternal Running"
"I got this little gem hanging somewhere"
"Sunflower"
"Achoo!"
"How I feel when I try to navigate 4chan"
"Where do Astronauts hang out?"
"I'll tell ya what"
"Most beautiful downvote..."
"Gotham Style"
"Oppa Gotham Style!"
"I present to you my cutest .GIF"
"So fresh and so clean"
"As long as the caption is clever  I don't care how many times this .gif gets reposted."
"My hair is a bird  your argument is invalid."
"I searched &quot;Call of Duty Gun Girls&quot;... this came up on page 17"
"Zodiac Shit [1:33]"
"This deserves some attention"
"Will somebody push the swing please?"
"&quot;Uhh think im stuck people&quot;..."
"Grand Theft Toboggan..."
"How most people feel against a reposter"
"Office Troll"
"Prepare For Operation Bukkae (9/11)"
"Making sure that EVERYONE knows about this"
"Regretful Chet"
"Seal was spotted in it's natural habitat."
"Seal."
"So i googled &quot;Seal of Reddit&quot;..."
"Did you know the key to a successful submission is interesting content and a descriptive title?"
"Seal as a seal"
"George W. Bush Cabinet"
"starting them young..."
"Just a bit of old WTF"
"This guy came out wrong"
"My favorite face swap"
"Swap"
"DAMMIT!"
"The Hamburglar"
"Your mouth is now watering."
"Tongue Destroyers"
"Baby bat doesn't want to wake up"
"Me in the club"
"A picture taken by photographer Mo Gelber outside of Manhattan Criminal courts a few weeks ago...... I think it's pretty freaking gorgeous."
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!!!!!!!!"
"One of my favorite pics of the year  mid bubble pop"
"Bubble in Mid-Burst."
"How much do you like marshmallow creme?"
"For someone with OCD  this is the stuff of nightmares. NSFW"
"What a crazy movie"
"All of a sudden  Arnold doesn't look so big."
"In case of tsunami"
"I'll take that..."
"Well  they had me fooled."
"The feeling I get when a girl texts me the day after."
"Lolwut"
"But fart just one time..."
"Thoughtful..."
"I don't even wanna know."
"Give me karma."
"Aww now comes in gif form"
"Should I... Should I do something?"
"I'll say you raped me (FB screencap)"
"Eating at subway"
"Friend Zone Level: ∞"
"Facebook (1)"
"walking in on my girlfriend with another guy"
"Eating food at a true [10]"
"How it feels going from a twin to a queen size bed"
"Was driving in hometown of Ottawa today and saw this (whoops  sinkhole)."
"A car got totaled by a small pot hole today in ottawa"
"Denmark is the clear winner"
"Life is like.."
"Gangnam Dance"
"How many can you identify?"
"This is my first time..."
"nom nom nom nom nom nom"
"He isn't a Navy Seal but I'm proud of him."
"hi"
"Divine Intervention"
"So I got bored and Googled &quot;hahaha&quot;. And this came up...."
"What I can only assume to be the most interesting Halloween... ever"
"Ultimate repost"
"Whats it's really like trying to have sex while drunk."
"Violentacrez chillin at the beach"
"Bill Gates wants a new car"
"I can't afford Borderlands 2  so this is what I do instead."
"This is why we can't have nice things."
"The haircut cycle."
"Sean Connery US Open"
"Sean Connery Fist Pump"
"REBEL!!!"
"Stand your ground"
"The Radical Preacher"
"They said I can be anything  so I became a jet"
"An F-3:16"
"It's almost that time of year again"
"My favorite ASP comics"
"The Airship  USS Los Angeles (originally a gift from Germany as part of war reparations for WW1) floats almost vertically from her mooring mast after strong wind blows her tail into cold dense air just above it."
"Watch your step."
"Still the funniest .gif in the history of the internet"
"After browsing r/DIY and r/food for the last hour"
"found this in... 4chan?"
"HOLY FUCDSAKBAGHSAIGDKADHADSADSA"
"I've been waiting forever for this day to come!"
"So who saw Napoleon Dynamite?"
"The moment you realize you're wrong in an argument."
"When I get a lot of upvotes"
"Happy Corgi is Happy"
"This Is Why I Want a Corgi...."
"please tell me im not the only one who remembers this"
"Men vs Women after a break up"
"Tunnel Vision"
"I edited Evil Laugh Snake to remove the balloon. Go forth and add humorous things to it!"
"Yup"
"Repost"
"Lol google shows how to get karma"
"HAHA OMG"
"How to reap the karma."
"Ray  will you get out of the picture please!"
"The minute I get home for college break..."
"The People of the Internet Have Spoken!!"
"Just some ordinary closet...."
"Baby not giving a fuck"
"Happy baby is always happy. Always."
"Fucks given...zero"
"Seasons"
"Killed with Kindness"
"Oh shit  OH shit  OH Shit  OSHIT OSHIT OSHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!!!!!!!!"
"Shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! everybody!"
"SHOTS!"
"Flu Seasons back once more"
"Everybody!"
"Keylock [gif]"
"kid BOOOOSH"
"Frogman on Frogman violence [GIF]"
"It takes a lot for me to laugh."
"Blood service VS Vampire"
":O !"
"Yes I do."
"My best technique for seducing the ladies at the club."
"Lost my shit at a [6]"
"After 4 months  I am finally able to go fishing again"
"Aww yiss"
"So  my brother's pretty happy that Hurricane Sandy is a-coming"
"It's my IRL cake day! You should be interested in that fact."
"When my parents tell me I should study more"
"When &quot;My Girlfriend&quot; is Used in Titles"
"How I Feel When A Cell Phone Company Offers &quot;Unlimited&quot; Data"
"To the girls that call themselves 'Shy' on GoneWild..."
"When a teenager says they are mature for their age."
"John Wayne Gacy (convicted serial murderer) dressed in a clown suit. *shudder*"
"Getting an upvote"
"How I feel after receiving hundreds of upvotes for the first time on one my comments"
"Just got triple digit karma for the first time  my head has this on repeat"
"HIFW I find the source of a .gif"
"My reaction when I turned on my TV to olympic badminton - Imgur"
"Just found out Netflix has been billing me for a year. This is me after finding out everything will be refunded."
"Finally my cake day!"
"Oh hell no!!"
"Rappers as kids"
"Thanks Reddit. This is my life now because of you..."
"Silly Joker!!"
"Oh  internet..."
"So this just happened by my friends home"
"Huge Pileup in Southern Ohio"
"When snow and wind combine on the highway."
"8 million and 1 unemployed"
"I laughed more than I should have."
"I actually don't get how half these questions should have been answered. (sorry if repost)"
"When I want to kiss the pussy cat..."
"When I hear someone talking about me outside my cubicle"
"TIL: &quot;Your mother fucks for bricks to build your sister a whore house.&quot;"
"You would look to this in a fight over Xbox live"
"Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar?"
"This is how i feel with all the rain at the moment in the UK"
"this will always be my favorite .gif"
"Just the garden in front of Paris' main city hall the &quot;Hôtel de Ville&quot;"
"How do you top this."
"I regret NOTHING!"
"Do a barrel roll! (I really hope it turned out okay though)"
"The goggles- they do NOTHING!!GAhhhh!"
"Just a typical British hospital (x-post from r/unitedkingdom)"
"Who magic when you've got Swag"
"New York Magazine's Cover of Dark Manhattan (Xpost r/CoolCovers)"
"Oh god  my brain....."
"Math. STAHP"
"Does anyone else have his problem?"
"Torpedo mode: Engaged"
"Welly  welly  welly  welly  welly  welly  well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of these eleven herbs and spices?"
"A young Steven Colbert. Quite a handsome man  I must say."
"Aaah fond memories"
"Berenstain Bears tackle the hard questions"
"Honey Boo Boo in Ninja Turtles? (Funny Or Die)"
"Photoshop ruins my life."
"This day we fight!"
"This day we fight!"
"Those damn penguins!"
"This is me  each and every year  for the first month or two."
"Pacman fruit!"
"He exists!"
"A Spider never forgets"
"Beatles Bee Gees"
"Mexican Beatles... F*** YEAH!"
"Just found out girl I started dating is a very close friend of my ex"
"Cleared my browser history  so all the Reddit links i've clicked have turned blue."
"When there are no more paper toilet seat covers at work."
"When a student said to me &quot;when does the narwhal bacon&quot;"
"That the only reason"
"Say Cheese!"
"Self Portrait"
"Here’s a picture of Elijah Wood taking a picture of Elijah Wood with a picture of Elijah wood."
"Bunny  what have you done?"
"If you lose her  follow the snail trail"
"Don't make me tell you twice."
"Here is a shot my friend took from the road of the massive semi blow over just east of Kadoka  SD on I-90."
"Come at me bro"
"What was supposed to happen?"
"Just a yawning hedgehog"
"My friend will never be bored with his setup."
"Look What's On-Sale at the Butchers"
"Macca's decides to cater specifically towards the homosexual..."
"HALP."
"Plz halp"
"Theres a typhoon hitting Korea right now"
"Do I look like I care?"
"CHECKMATE ATHEISTS!!!"
"My friend just uploaded this to Facebook"
"So a deer walks into a bar.."
"This is me leaving for class every morning..."
"...with confidence!"
"I think FOX News is running out of stories"
"He's got my vote"
"When people ask me who I'm voting for"
"The reviews of Clint Eastwood's RNC speech are in!"
"This pretty much sums up Client Eastwood's speech at the RNC."
"Sorry Clint  but the Simpsons already did it."
"This is beyond our level of comprehension"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Just two hippies on the street"
"Let me get that Tupac fade"
"then and now"
"Jessica Nigri's Mad Moxxi Cosplay"
"Sexy Mad Moxxi Cosplay"
"Why this fine lady (Jessica Nigri) Pulls off Mad Moxxi quite well (;"
"All your Max Moxxi cosplays are now worthless. I give you Jessica Nigri as Max Moxxi [x-post Borderlands 2]"
"ATTAAAAACK!"
"Off to Hogwarts..."
"Buzz LightYear is now Bad Ass"
"googled &quot;Cartoons gone badass&quot; [FIXED]"
"Will never look at him the same again"
"Make everything taste awesome."
"I can't stop thinking about how many meals I've wasted."
"Doritos seasoning? I'll allow it."
"This means cooler ranch omelettes tomorrow."
"This image makes me giggle every time."
"&quot;I have a bad feeling about this...&quot;"
"Tired sloth is tired."
"Book him Mr. Bluebird."
"chicken"
"Techno chicken"
"Nice Balls. (SFW)"
"This comic still makes me think"
"Just got a dollar bill to check. He's there."
"God prefers who?"
"Look what my school spent $540 000 on. Just kidding  it's stitches in an eye after surgery."
"Just a Zamboni."
"Suddenly... Stage fright."
"Bless yo- HOLY SHIT"
"well shit"
"WTF"
"Oh  God Ble--OH DEAR GOD WHY?!?!"
"You might want to get that checked out."
"The definition of bowel movements (FIXD)"
"Would you like some tea?"
"When I noticed today was my cake day."
"Oh  okay."
"guess what this animal is"
"One Boat and 145 Water-Skiers"
"Ermahgerd has hit Starbucks!"
"My local Sterbercks"
"This is not how I remember the movie..."
"I'll have whatever she's listening to  please."
"What every guy wants to do when they see an attractive girl"
"Elephant Calf"
"A disorder in which a single gene fails to activate  resulting in facial crossover. [NSFW]"
"The smile"
"Poor girl."
"Carol should brush up on her biology..."
"Newborn porcupine"
"WTF is this and where can I get one!"
"Need help in there?"
"Just saw ridiculously photogenic horse"
"Skull of a child growing adult teeth"
"2 birds with 2 stones"
"What I imagine people who downvote me look like."
"Accidentally clicked photo booth and saw what I look like when I Reddit [FIXED]"
"How I imagine the r/gaming moderators"
"Whenever I stumble on a thread where the OP has been called out for falsifying the title of the post."
"Found this lovely specimen."
"I saw someone posted google images flawless victory results. I present another"
"This is a pretty good WTF I suppose"
"So moist"
"How I feel about my license now that my 21st birthday is finally here."
"Googled &quot;Spongebob Characters&quot;. Not what I was expecting"
"How I feel today on my real life birthday."
"But I still love you guys"
"Finally  something truthful from the convention"
"College Essentials"
"You're fat...Give me a pushup...And say cheese while you're at it..."
"Sp..Sp..Spongebob?"
"What do I even call this?"
"Ever since I became a Redditor this is how I've felt browsing other sites."
"See  Miracles happen"
"The National Endowment for the Arts in the Obama administration."
"Large picture of Endeavor over downtown Los Angeles."
"/b/ connects the dots"
"I've never met you  and you want to do that cheek kiss thing? No."
"Damn Airlines.."
"I call bullshit"
"A Valid Point on Airline Fees"
"What happened to this woman?"
"This Takes Kitten Mittens to a Whole New Level"
"Kitten mittens"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Cage"
"MFW waking up to see I broke the 1000 link karma barrier"
"Watching the Russians on balance beam"
"When I'm sick and my pee finally turns clear after drinking a ton of water all day"
"About as shit as real got at the Olympics"
"How it felt to have a Nor'easter right after a hurricane."
"Weapon of Mass Destruction."
"My roommate invited my ex to his birthday party"
"When my Mom asked my new gf how many kids she wants to have"
"When I see a friend reposting from 9gag"
"As a single male  this is what I say to people asking for dating advice from me"
"How I felt learning it was my cake day"
"The happiest chihuahua in a sombrero."
"Death Star Pumpkin Destroys Alderaan"
"These are not the seeds you're looking for"
"Horse Derp."
"What happens when I try to play sports..."
"When I would show off a new toy to a girl I liked when I was little..."
"I got it I got it I got i- oh  don't got it."
"Not sure if cuteness or pure savagery..."
"So this might actually happen now"
"Myths Kitty"
"Did you know?"
"Agent Meow!"
"Literally."
"The first thing that came to mind"
"NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!"
"So I think to myself  &quot;I haven't looked through NEW in a while...&quot; Goddammit..."
"There goes one of his lives"
"Rise."
"Made this for JohanP88  who couldn't decide which .gif to be trapped in until the end of time."
"Show me your stuff  magic kids"
"Now that's what I call teamwork"
"One of my favorite dog costumes"
"That's my Halloween sorted"
"Nah  I didn't want to sleep anyway"
"Extreme ideas of what to dress as this Halloween"
"suddenly  I know what my Halloween costume will be!"
"are you brave enough to wear this on Halloween?!"
"I regret nothing."
"Still my favorite GIF and also how I feel after a year here."
"missed my cakeday while on vacation?"
"Been On Reddit For 1 Year..."
"Back the fuck up son!"
"The Chainsaw Katana"
"Don't Think I've Ever Seen A Better Photo Bomb"
"Where can I buy one?"
"My first cadaver dissection lab when my group were using all the utensils"
"How I felt while Reddit was down."
"How I felt my first time grinding"
"Reddit is down?"
"Very useful for us living with dish Nazis."
"As an American watching Curiosity land on Mars"
"Remember  remember the 5th of November. Such a great movie."
"Tradition"
"I don't even..."
"Peppy feels it in the wind."
"Black Monopoly"
"Who wants to roll first?"
"I've never played this variation of MONOPOLY...!"
"When the girl of your dreams starts dating a guy and puts on facebook a picture of her boyfriend and her kissing"
"Shhh  don't ruin this moment..."
"Drinkin Soda...."
"Because whale cat."
"Trying to take notes in class"
"Found on PostSecret"
"Gotye LOL"
"YouTube strikes again"
"Good Times"
"the best way to fight the communist is to play ping pong"
"How i feel when my post gets its first upvote"
"Never fails to make me laugh."
"How I leave all my textbooks"
"Well  whatever you're into  I guess."
"FELINE! DISRESPECT! FROM! BEHIND!"
"both &quot;Female skating&quot; pictures are fake. here is the original video (gif)"
"still cracks you up"
"Fat dad attempts skateboarding"
"Violators will not be prosecuted"
"This Pretty Much Sums Up How I Feel About Sports."
"I really hope this is true."
"But at the end of the day. . . ."
"I wish I could get up and do this in my Algebra class"
"Being told to clean the bathroom for the sake of the marriage.."
"So I told my friend about reddit"
"Whenever somebody asks my opinion on something that doesn't concern me"
"It says it on the box"
"On the off chance that it's a sure thing"
"One who wore the Kuala"
"It's magic!"
"Magic..."
"Guitar lessons"
"This is what I do after submitting a post on reddit  just like what I'm doing right now..."
"What I was doing the entire time Reddit was down."
"Eerie &amp; Beautiful"
"POW!!"
"When I downvote new posts to 0"
"This my friend's very unfortunate cat"
"A Fluffy Cat"
"Since snow season is coming up and cat season is always here  I thought this was appropriate."
"Patrick rides north."
"When an interviewer asks why they should hire me  this is the first thing that always pops into my head."
"Journalism at its finest."
"So this just popped up on my news feed... They are starting to get a little relentless."
"Getting to be a little aggressive (fb)"
"No matter how bad reddit gets at least we aren't this"
"Wait  what? (fb)"
"This is out of hand  Facebook..."
"If I see another Facebook post about Kony 2012"
"This guy takes lyrics WAY too literally"
"What Chu doin?"
"OMG Cuteness Overload!!!!!"
"My friend's cat. I had to give a second glance"
"Oh you know  just a bush painting bob Ross."
"What I think whenever I click on a meme"
"Octopus grabs Seagull from water and eats it."
"Space [x-post from r/funny]"
"This police report seems accurate."
"Cat tech Support"
"Meanwhile at the reddit headquarters..."
"hello  this is cat  how can i Awwnor you?"
"If reddit had a customer service center."
"Yeah.. We are all going to die!"
"Kobe gives an upvote"
"I just got trolled by the Iron Man Avengers USB flash drive...."
"Garbage Dancer [x-post r/gifs]"
"How I feel leaving the grocery I work at with another cashier...leaving just 1 left...when it's still busy"
"I'm getting this! [FIXED]"
"Colonel Sanders - Imgur"
"Obama on a Corgi"
"President Obama's mighty steed."
"Smile!"
"Jesus candles"
"A snake covered in ticks"
"Table Manners."
"What is going on?"
"Dear jackass roommate with advice on how to get my karma up"
"Prepare to ruin more of your childhood!"
"Disney Presents..."
"Taking a picture of my horse yawning and suddenly... Xenomorph horse! (x-post from r/animals)"
"Your average redditor"
"Lasers and cats = Swag."
"Holy Ghostbusters"
"He Likes Big Butts"
"So I guess this is a thing now"
"puts it in perspective"
"Fucking Wasp"
"Mothafuckin Wasp"
"This is a wasp"
"Fucking Wasps"
"One of each"
"I was told my friend's profile pic was perhaps TOO interesting for /r/mildlyinteresting. So here it is..."
"True story"
"Father of the year"
":D"
"How I feel when I show someone Reddit for the first time."
"Just a baby Giraffe being adorable."
"How I felt tonight as a Breaking Bad fan who has Dish Network"
"How I feel watching America enjoy their summer...."
"My reaction to no fap September"
"I really hope this isn't a family portrait..."
"How Mitt Romney will feel after losing the election"
"You can't buy sadness"
"Romney's reaction if he doesn't get elected as President."
"Patrick star in real life?..."
"Asian pregnancy test"
"Yes  yes it is."
"Forget the lame caption. This is by far one of the the cutest kittens I've ever seen. Look at those eyes."
"This was here yesterday"
"The Wave About to Break at Chopo  Teahupoo"
"I swear I have no idea"
"Flood? What flood"
"My answer every time my Spanish professor asks a question in Spanish"
"Escalator Temporarily Out of Service... [sharks]"
"Apparently the shark tank broke at the zoo in my hometown"
"Every time i go to the mall in Australia"
"Shut up  rick."
"Go home Rick  you're drunk"
"A dog that is hard to keep track of"
"troll parents at their best"
"This is me when my boss walks by my cubicle."
"The many faces of Jim Carrey."
"Long Line of Felines"
"Winning"
"Friend posted this to FB thought it was pretty funny."
"Whenever gas prices go back up..."
"Here's what a stack of $205.6 Million in cash looks like."
"I give up!! You found me!!"
"there is a lack of baby bunnies here"
"Slender vs Patrick Star"
"WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO!!!!"
"So Reddit just went down for a few hours..."
"How it feels after only a day without power..."
"This is exactly the process i go through when posting something to Reddit."
"Ahhh that really hurts"
"So my order arrived..."
"dog chain surfing"
"First time trying to roll a joint"
"They'll never forget this moment."
"Aaaand  boom goes the dynamite"
"weird illusion"
"How i felt when I found out that my ex-wifes sudden rebound relationship went down the shitter."
"Paralympian Josh Sundquist doing it right."
"70 yard touchdown run set to rage faces..."
"Sending the entire team won't drop him..."
"My wife asked me to go see Magic Mike."
"me with no money as the steam daily sale silently ticks down"
"What people do when I submit a link to Reddit."
"As a hockey fan  my reaction upon hearing the NFL labor issues are likely over this week."
"Found this on Facebook. Definitely not going to THAT guys house tonight..."
"Get off my lawn"
"TGIF!"
"'Merica"
"An old favorite."
"Warning!"
"Get over it"
"Water Landing"
"In the event of a water landing"
";_;"
"First dinner at the strip club"
"When i find unexpected candy"
"It's ear..."
"Reddit Monopoly [Fixed]"
"The Real Most American Picture Ever"
"That's a Whole Lotta Grumpy."
"Beautiful sperm (whale)"
"This is my favorite Ermagerd"
"A dry martini under 1000x zoom"
"My reaction when  after 4 attempts  my shitty car finally starts."
"Me trying to find a good Gif for my Cake day post"
"You can be anything your heart desires."
"I always have the urge to do this once I see my pets tongue!!!"
"Chocolate from every orifice man"
"Chocolate-from-every-orifice-Man"
"Is this true?"
"Man  owls are really fucking weird."
"Oh No You Di'unt! [FIXED]"
"Funky Owls"
"oh no you didnt (GIF.)"
"Owl'Da'Mental"
"She has a good head on her shoulders..."
"Young Mitt Romney does an &quot;impression&quot; of Liberace. Laugh does not appear to be staged one bit."
"A nuclear explosion 1 millisecond after detonation. It is 20 meters in diameter."
"How to pick up a lady redditor.....like a boss."
"It looked like a bean."
"Lightning Superstorm!"
"World War II if it happened online"
"If World War II had a game chat. [GIF]"
"Probably a repost (I could only see it on imgur but I apologise if I'm wrong)- but just lovely."
"He has become one"
"just awesome"
"Unbelievable Picture of a Yacht Trapped under Ice in the Arctic"
"This looks comfy"
"Slenda Mon"
"Meanwhile in Sweden..."
"Daniel Botelho captures pictures of Great White Shark in uncaged dive."
"That moment you find a subreddit for your obscure hobby"
"How I feel after just watching the Matrix and understanding so many more references...."
"When I noticed my comment karma had gone from 2 to 46 in a couple hours..."
"What would be the best method to melt ice off of this vehicle practically in a relatively inexpensive fashion? Also how long would my approach take? Thermodynamics assistance needed."
"How NOT to eat a watermelon"
"Enhance  zoom  zoom  Yeeeeaaaaaaaah!"
"My feeling on a lot of front page posts recently"
"My exact reaction  when I decided to see what 9gag was like."
"My face when I went on /r/spacedicks for the first time today. - Imgur"
"Being from California and seeing how much other Ents have to pay for trees"
"Just looked through all my drunk texts this weekend."
"After a week and a half in the UK  I could only think of this."
"5 years ago my mom lectured me on not to judge after seeing a crazy tattooed man  here's that man 5 years later after committing a motel shooting spree"
"Romantic date"
"Mother.Fucking.Battletoads"
"Scumbag Bill"
"I present to you my favorite random GIF."
"Pushing a nail out"
"CHARGE!!!"
"Fox News Geography"
"Alright I got this... Uh oh... OH NO... FUUUUCK"
"My rabbit loves beer. Wherever you put the beer bottle  she'll find it and lick the top hoping to get a couple drops"
"Pearly gates  eh"
"Holy polar bear."
"When all else fails..."
"How I feel after winning a long and pointless argument"
"How I feel when I get downvotes"
"What would someone title a gif like this one?"
"My favorite GIF"
"Now loading shoes"
"omg shoes"
"There is a black cat in a white cat."
"That big pussy. Purrrrr."
"chair wants to spin."
"Adding this to my bucket list..."
"Owls are creepy motherfuckers"
"This is why I believe owls worship Satan."
"I giggled.."
"Troll Level: Engineer"
"The people they met"
"Oldie but goodie. Show me your favorite oldies!!!"
"Seeing my link karma going from 7 to 8 last night"
"When I see someone on the road with a license plate from my home state"
"Me in the first day of college level pre-calculus after not being in a classroom for 13 year"
"B.C. = Before Coo"
"Dance Vader"
"He was desperate to get to class on time"
"My thoughts on the debate."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art."
"Hey reddit  my roommate painted this  thought you might like it."
"A deep drawing from an 8th grader"
"Might as well jump!"
"Favorite Internet Picture"
"Saying Goodbye"
"Every day I'm shufflin'!"
"Searched for &quot;best science desktop wallpaper.&quot; I was not disappointed."
"What should you do if you find an atheist? Probably not hand them this flyer."
"hippity hop"
"just cleaning out the old dog"
"Fire [Fixed]"
"Calvin and Hobbes IRL all grown up."
"Time to hit the ol' dusty trail"
"This kid is going places."
"wolverine style"
"Sexy Shirt Removal"
"BedSheet Twister.. Genius."
"Lynzee Stauss: Staff Reporter"
"When I found out there's a One Direction subreddit"
"December 1st. How I felt after shaving."
"Invincible... What?"
"US vs the Rest of the World"
"The worlds edge"
"My favorite line from Scrubs"
"When my friend posts a 9gag link to Facebook."
"How I feel when I bother to shower before work"
"This kills the crab."
"Border between Belgium and the Netherlands in a cafe."
"The border between Belgium and the Netherlands outside a cafe."
"Tiny legged cat. I WANT."
"I can haz one?"
"BEST.TOY.EVER."
"I've got to try this."
"I hadn't seen this before and thought it was rather awesome. [crosspost from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"This is what I wake up to every morning"
"Rock and Roll was so much better in the 80s...."
"cock-a-doodle RAHHHHHHHHHHHH"
"Played the Random Imgur Game."
"It had to be done...."
"The Scotsman's Apprentice"
"Well folks  we had a good run..."
"How it feels to finally have my braces off. (FIXED)"
"my first thought. also my Favorite band"
"I saw a commercial for this University of University College University... seems legit."
"Mad Cow Disease"
"is this real? [nsfw]"
"Chipotle-addicted Redditor photographs his own fecal matter and claims it to be Hawaiian lava all to get a whiff of exotic Karma"
"Anarchy in america"
"How i feel when someone reposts my post and gets on frontpage."
"Ouch!"
"browsing reddit and listening to pandora  then this happened"
"How I see myself in clubs"
"I want to high five the web-admin for NAU."
"I have the sudden urge to jump off a cliff now."
"USA USA USA"
"The greatest American pioneer."
"Teddy Roosevelt shooting Bigfoot"
"Do they win Halloween?"
"Daniel Radcliffe is a recovering alcoholic and has been dry since August 2010. He's currently in Ireland filming for &quot;The F Word&quot;. Sadly  us pesky Irish have undone all his hard work thanks to the All-Ireland minor winning Dublin football team."
"Whenever I wake up to see the post I made the night before made it to the front page"
"It's okay  I didn't want to sleep anyways"
"Looks like I'm not sleeping tonight"
"So am I"
"Watercolors"
"My milkshakes"
"In honor of what occurred tonight."
"What it's like browsing r/new"
"He wins every time..."
"Net Worth"
"Sadly..this is true"
"Complaining about reposts"
"Repost"
"Baby Swanson"
"[x-post from /r/pics] Napping semis"
"lul wut"
"I found a new mentor. Where was this guy on career day?"
"Bus driver uppercuts irate woman [GIF]"
"The only reason why I go to the first meeting of a new club."
"No Description Needed."
"What Michael Jackson will look like in 2000"
"French Army Knife"
"What those who love to facebook &quot;debate&quot; would do well to remember."
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"weird shit seems to always go down on this cam website... [NSFW]"
"If Video Games Were Easy"
"So this exists"
"Your struggling is futile"
"Drink more water"
"Why I choose Obama over Romney"
"A levitating cat"
"One of a Kind! Best trick in the book. Shoe Glue gif."
"Googled &quot;summary of the internet&quot;"
"Oh  4chan."
"How I feel when I post something original and it receives no upvotes"
"Your /r/Science post lacks proper reputable sources."
"Make me hate each time I see this when I'm distracted on Reddit. I beg you."
"It has worked for 3 other redditors."
"Derpin around all day"
"carpool lane"
"They see us rollin'"
"Going to the store? Let me hitch a ride."
"And can I get that Supersized?"
"Baby bunnies in tiny sweaters"
"No  I haven't seen Dwilight. I prefer Dwitanic  anyways."
"Seagrass"
"That's some legit math"
"WTF"
"CS:GO recoil at close range"
"H-Bomb on Surface Ships  Bikini Islands [2966x1557]"
"that awkward moment when..."
"How I feel being broke during the steam summer sale."
"How I feel watching all these fit athletes at the Olympics"
"He never saw it coming"
"What the hell am I doing with my life."
"Mortal Kombat"
"How the ghetto gets down"
"Everybody was ~~strikethrough~~kung-fu taekwondo fighting"
"Nutella Snack &amp; Drink Sold Out on Amazon"
"Whenever I think of the perfect comment but someone beats me to it"
"When the girl I like doesn't like me back"
"When I get downvoted on a post"
"How I feel sitting in my dorm at 2 in the morning bored as hell with all my friends gone on this labor day weekend"
"Preparing for class as a 2L or 3L"
"How I feel when I need to get work done."
"How I feel when I need to get work done [FIXED]."
"How I feel when I downvote people."
"Pokemon? THIS is what I remember as a kid!"
"Nah  let's ditch the whole &quot;educational&quot; angle and give them bad ass guns"
"/r/starcraft"
"HOLLY FUCKING SHIT... NOPE!!!"
"Success Kid 5 Years Later (x-post from /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"Such a cute baby cow!"
"7:30am TSA is not amused. (Smirnoff Vodka)"
"Calvin Candie meets Jay Gatsby"
"Scumbag Turtle"
"Superman in England."
"Some Men Just Want to Watch the World Burn"
"Saw this picture on Facebook"
"A Real Nigga Haiku"
"I love stop motion sheep"
"Oh deer..."
"Oh deer..."
"Something tells me that lots of trees were burned."
"Poor Spongebob"
"Charlie Sheen eye swap"
"For the love of god don't move (X post from r/funny)"
"Come at me bro!"
"If I fits?"
"Attempting to delete my facebook"
"Downvoting something on the front page."
"How I feel trying to comment on a post in AskReddit with over 5 000 comments"
"why i get annoyed with /wtf: &quot;picture of my friend on facebook from their trip to zimbabwe&quot;"
"My Eyes Are Up Here"
"How I think I will look like by end of no shave November."
"How I feel submitting something to Reddit"
"don't think you're supposed to spot somebody like that"
"MoP is just a week away....."
"An Observation"
"Storm Troopers! (am I doing this right?)"
"Fantastic. Simply Fantastic"
"Free Candy"
"Swag."
"Can someone help me to get the source of this .gif?"
"Well done NASA  Well done indeed."
"That moment with the weed hits."
"My reaction when a beat drops and the lights go crazy in a club"
"Just in case you forget."
"Just thought you should know"
"Astronauts"
"Romney stops by a Chipotle  scares minority employees"
"Romney stops in Chipotle for the most awkward photo op ever"
"How to improve in any game"
"How to improve in life"
"fuckin' europeans"
"Browsing r/WTF while going to bed was a bad idea..."
"When you're crossing the street and someone honks at you to hurry up."
"When a guy wants to fight me in a club  and I know that the bouncer is right behind me"
"Best way to win a pie eating contest."
"I've been around the block a few times  but for some reason  I simply cannot watch this and find it repulsive."
"me?! Never!"
"When I fart while at the dinner table."
"Whenever my friend and his parents argue while I'm at their house"
"What I look like when my friend swears in front of my parents..."
"My Ear!"
"My ear broke D:"
"Living alone with a cat"
"Fuck the Police"
"Fuck the police"
"Haters gonna hate"
"How I feel about adding comments to 'heated discussions' on Reddit"
"Kenny  the down syndrome tiger"
"Your mind will tell you this picture is impossible. Don't listen to it."
"How I feel with all my posts to Reddit"
"So Calming."
"Oblivion cat!"
"Epic cat says: it's on  motherfucker"
"MFW: The first time one of my links makes it to the front page!"
"We landed on Mars!!"
"How I feel after my very first cakeday."
"The &quot;wat&quot; Lady"
"MOMMY  IS THAT YOU?"
"Easily my favorite gif."
"I saw this in r/GifSound and thought you guys would like it..."
"He appeared to be caught"
"Well that is enough internet for today"
"Student Presentation Day"
"My feelings toward school with only 2 weeks left in the semester."
"When a professor tells you they don't take attendance."
"My dad when we encounter a sex scene in a family movie night"
"My mom just got Facebook and friend requested me."
"After phone in the ass  tacks in a vagina  and other gory post  this is where r/wtf and I part ways."
"Anyone know what episode this is from? I've looked all over."
"Well played Washington airport  well played."
"How to outwit Jesus!"
"Finished my Spanish 232 Exam early and got to leave... My reaction?"
"My signing off gif for any chat with anyone"
"Oh hi!"
"Stumbled upon this: Islandception"
"Saw this and was instantly intrigued. And hungry."
"How to finish that last minute assignment"
"Well  I guess that's true."
"Well  I suppose that's true."
"Mind=Blown"
"Big Bang Theory  is like dexter for the kids who grew up."
"You scratch my back I'll scratch yours [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"This is blowing my mind"
"No way"
"I have been on reddit for almost a year and I just hit 1000 karma. This essentially sums up my current emotions."
"Where my mind IMMEDIATELY goes when I have to repeat myself in the drive-thru"
"How I think Christians view atheists"
"reddit today"
"Watching Bob Ross at an [7]"
"It's not aliens... it's"
"Sharks in the streets  Brigantine NJ"
"Icebergs in the harbor in Ilulissat  Greenland"
"Guitar thief"
"They both sound so appealing."
"A fucking hard question..."
"What kind of question is this?!"
"This must be what its like from their perspective"
"Cap Lincoln"
"Scumbag Abraham: Pocket Edition"
"MOTHERFUCKER I'M LACED"
"The anti Facebook."
"I feel you bro"
"meanwhile in Australia... Who needs to worry about hurricanes"
"Dangerous!"
"When I lock my keys inside my car"
"Whenever I lose in the 4th quarter in madden"
"I found this out accidentally  was mildly amused."
"Floating stage of the Bregenz Festival in Austria"
"Duck Face Level: 99"
"A neckless giraffe (x-post from AnimalsWithoutNecks)"
"Can someone PLEASE do something with this??"
"Very Photogenic Halo 4 - Mongoose Backflip No Scope Headshot"
"Halo 3 - Mongoose Backflip No Scope Headshot [Fixed]"
"Need a lift? Panda Style."
"Nope. Nope."
"Earth rising"
"Vote Victor. Easier link http://www.kinderchocolate.kz/ru/gallery /index.html?id=1370 We were winning before but his votes got reset. Time to make a comeback and /b/ needs your help. (And this is my first post on reddit)"
"Bugchassers (People who want to get AIDS) forum posts. WTF!"
"This picture makes me unKampfortable..."
"The a Team"
"What is said about practice"
"Possibly the greatest wrestling move EVER."
"Won't know what's going on but totally worth it."
"Commitment"
"Haters gonna hate"
"My first attempt at this"
"Was watching The Big Bang Theory the other day n I saw a logo on Sheldons t-shirt n thought 'hey  I know that logo'."
"Looks legit..."
"My Favorite GIF... Guns  humping  ect..."
"Seriously  WHAT IN THE FUCK."
"So we're bringing WTF back to its roots - again? Well  here we go. NSFL/NSFW"
"Seriously  what the fuck is going on here? [NSFW] [GORE]"
"Every morning I wake up to this guy."
"How i felt when i came home and saw the new facebook page."
"A head balancing on two bodies"
"He did it!"
"Goodbye Seaside Heights Boardwalk"
"This is why I don't like cats"
"The size of our moon [pic]"
"Finally something good in my newsfeed!"
"To any posts that actually made it to the front page after our commander and chief's AMA"
"When I see something I upvoted in r/new hit the front page."
"Got a light?"
"So I searched &quot;Smoked Chicken&quot; on google..."
"Captain America"
"Wilfordpuss Brimleycat"
"Everytime I beat a yellow traffic light"
"HOW WAS THAT DONE?"
"Kitty!"
"^O^"
"CatShark"
"I don't know why I found this so funny..."
"Umm ok..."
"googled 'catfish'. was not disappointed"
"Come Get Some  England"
"When fall come to Oklahoma"
"How Texas natives in New York are responding to Hurricane Sandy."
"Goat Dominance"
"Buttercup really is an asshole"
"Deer Jesus "
"First Reddit post: My buddy passed out after celebrating his 21st birthday"
"nsfw?"
"this just came up on my newsfeed.. (forever alone gets a girlfriend)"
"I watched 10 hours of FMA today. I kept thinking this."
"I guess I'll never learn"
"Repost  but it gets me every time"
"God's got a what for me?"
"I thought r/Atheism would get a laugh from this"
"Bateman LMFAO"
"How I Feel Upvoting SLUTS on /r/GoneWild"
"When I get top comment in a thread."
"What it feels like to be 20  single  and ALL of your friends are constantly in and out of relationships."
"My favorite soccer flop"
"My Hero!"
"Found this gem saved on my computer"
"Mark 12:17"
"Life At Conception Raptor"
"Priorities"
"And why would people rather read Harry Potter?"
"Good question."
"My buddy Derek posted this on Facebook. So I stole it. Raises an interesting question indeed."
"Probably not the happiest day of the bride's life."
"The raptor has nailed it."
"dad...mom..."
"Coming out is hard"
"Whenever I see a free sample at the supermarket"
"...fine"
"Somebody just uploaded my pictures from last night's party"
"found while playing imgur roulette"
"Sugar in drinks"
"Stockpile now  you never know what may happen"
"That darn autocorrect..."
"There's nothing better than a PB &amp; J in the morning."
"POW! Right in the kisser"
"This is how I feel at the moment."
"Reddit today"
"Pardon me?"
"I fully support this  fuck this guy."
"Yup."
"How I feel about George Lucas' upcoming Star Wars changes"
"I work at a grocery store and this is my reaction every time I hear them call courtesy to the front to help bag  fellow grocery store employees will understand."
"Where we've been in the universe  how far it is  and how often we've gone."
"C'mon. Gotta tell everyone."
"Bricks will be shat!"
"Where babies come from according to /b/"
"The science of crime"
"I've killed everyone"
"Have you had your daily serving of vegetables?"
"Horse photo bombs weddig"
"Merryperrperns"
"I think you should lay off on the MLP"
"That time I decided six shots of espresso would help me study better"
"Hide your kids.."
"I don't even know"
"Man-Baby"
"Mr Baby Man IRL"
"Da fuck you lookin' at?"
"ha ha ha ha ha!"
"Batman Cabaret"
"What do you guys think of my God costume?"
"123"
"A picture of the amount of success I've had with reaching the front page"
"No Chance!"
"I dunno about that whole 2 Hydrogens and an Oxygen nonsense...."
"Supermarket overkill: the colors of advertisement"
"Judging from this quote  this guy must be hilarious!"
"Home Depot's dungeon aisle"
"So this popped up on my facebook today"
"How I treat &quot;funny&quot; iPhone chat posts since discovering fakeiphonetext.com"
"What....the......fuck"
"Man or woman? White or black...?"
"Fwd: FW: A One in a Million Photo!"
"Amazing shuttle launch..."
"Squad Meme"
"Anyone with a fear of multiple sets of teeth  look away..."
"It's my cakeday  so I thought I'd dump my favorite gifs!"
"Cravin' me some tacos."
"Stahp."
"Lil Wayne  stahp."
"Post this to /R/ATHEISM/?"
"For my cakeday  here's a picture of amputees having an orgy [NSFW]"
"Man having anal sex with a horse and a goat whilst his 5 year old son watches. (NSFW)"
"Here's an X-ray of my deformed hand inside my dead pitbull's rectum. NSFW"
"Here's an X-ray of my deformed hand inside my dead pitbull's rectum. NSFW"
"Whenever I play Shogun 2 and convert to Christianity."
"Reddit  I present to you my greatest accomplishment."
"Can someone one up this?"
"mother fuckin' president!"
"Posted in my dorm elevator. Good thing I'm on the fifth floor so I don't feel like shit when I take the elevator."
"Missing Stapler..."
"Life problems"
"The truth about Winrar"
"So this showed up on my newsfeed. I don't really know what to think. Isn't dressing up just harmless fun? Dressing up as a Gueisha is not stereotyping Asian Culture is it ?"
"Cool scar from being hit by lightning"
"YOU WALKED INTO THE WRONG NEIGHBORHOOD"
"This made me laugh more than it should have"
"This made me laugh more than it should have"
"Reason to live"
"How I felt as a straight male telling my friends that I like Taylor Swift"
"None are given"
"YOLO [FIXED]"
"QWOP IRL [GIF]"
"The Sad Truth About Our Police"
"Huge compilation of info/how-to pics (x-post from r/pics)"
"Sorry"
"OH YEAH!"
"4chan on the existence of God."
"If you insist spongebob.. "
"How I feel after donating plasma"
"Pimpin' Ain't Easy."
"Thug life"
"Happy seal"
"We heard your mother lost 100 pounds  congratulations!"
"Gifsound never gives me up votes  so this is to all of you"
"Reddit reminds me subtly about my sex life."
"I couldn't agree more"
"Classic"
"Sometimes on r/WTF..."
"brb  trying this at home"
"When a girl views my profile on a dating website."
"it's true you can't"
"Wait  it's dangerous out there!"
"Disney Easter Eggs [x-post from r/gifs]"
"What I imagine a DDOS attack looks like"
"I did Nazi that one coming."
"NOMM"
"I couldn't resist..."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"How the fuck do you drive this thing?"
"The most annoying mash up in the world"
"Get off that lake  dog"
"Still gets me everytime"
"Heckler Loop"
"Not texting kills too"
"These are some great criminals"
"Oh Andrew  you so silly."
"Arrggghhhhaaaaaaaaarrrrrooohhh... Yes."
"Oink hi! I am five... Days."
"Norway"
"I just sent this picture to my BF who has been in Afghanistan for the last 5 months. I'm a horrible person."
"Gentleman rides a Segway"
"want"
"want"
"Found this little gem on the interweb today"
"Baby hawk is not moving"
"This isn't a car."
"Everyone on the east coast this week"
"My T-rex Friend..."
"O Captain my captain"
"Turtle nom!"
"Omg  tiny turtle..."
"The birthday skeleton"
"Whenever I Try to Dance"
"When i try to dance"
"It comes in 1?!"
"It comes in 1?!"
"Ready for Halloween"
"I need this."
"So it's my actual cake day  and I thought this couldn't be more perfect."
"That's one well trained dog"
"I tried for five minutes and couldn't come up with a title for this..."
"Forever Alone: Level 85"
"Forever alone towel"
"My face when I hear a bad pun"
"When you ask your mom for something in the grocery store"
"Get away from her  you bitch!"
"Get Away From Her  You Bitch!"
"GET AWAY FROM HER  YOU BITCH!!!"
"This is called humanity."
"How I feel working a Sunday early morning as a police officer."
"Food coma"
"How I feel after finishing my last final"
"But but how did you do that...?? Climbing [GIF]"
"I love it when this happens..."
"I gasped when I saw the coincidence"
"One Redditor helping out another"
"There is no I in team."
"America [NSFW]"
"Laughing Galdalf"
"Not sure if this works.(First post)"
"Just a so...so night on Imgur....until"
"Bad Rock! (Found on Stumbleupon)"
"Dont mess with my pet rocky."
"A symbolic cartoon about the acceptance of new ideas."
"Whenever I go a week without masturbating"
"The day I discovered porn..."
"Swag"
"I'm actually fairly certain THIS is why photoshop was invented."
"Let's Go Sledding"
"Had to do a double take on the bone"
"Pics of the Absecon Island  Atlantic City to Longport. Ventnor Heights is under water. x-post r/sandy"
"And I thought US news was useless..."
"Pretty sure my cat was thinking this before he ruined my new rug."
"Scientific bunny  dogmatic bunny"
"I Googled &quot;how to get to the front page of reddit &quot; and this was one of the first results"
"How all of Reddit feels right now..."
"If microsoft really wants all my money  they need to make this online."
"I'm ready  I'm ready  I'm ready  I got this  I'm ready. Dang it."
"This was in the gym locker room at my school."
"The Simpsons had it right"
"MEOW"
"I present to you Vemin Supreme  2012 Presidential candidate. Promises a free pony for every american if elected and money for time travel research."
"Well... My day just opened up..."
"The worst thing to see after a long day of work."
"Whenever"
"Just.... Stop whenever...."
"[Fixed] The Best Rap Album Cover of All Time"
"a tiny little octopus hug"
"Some people"
"Nice E-Reader"
"The reason I watch the Big Bang Theory."
"Gay Dinosaurs"
"The washing machine is on and I need to take a shit... well... I think I'll hold it in!"
"'Cuz the power your supplying  Its electrifying."
"Only if dogs knew how to read.."
"You're gonna make love to me whether you like it or not!"
"I Get Wet"
"When the levee breaks  I'll lose my sunglasses"
"Sleepovers when I was little"
"And nothing can change that"
"Harsh Reality"
"So apparently I went to the IT zoo"
"How do they drink anything?"
"Unorthodox drinking style"
"What it SHOULD be"
"Smack My Bitch up"
"Truth behind r/aww"
"Classy Spiderman"
"Amyception"
"Dial down the bitch  Nance."
"Arguing with Fundies"
"This shit needs to fly"
"Bitch I'm a bus"
"Buses don't give no fucks."
"I'm a bus  I'm a bus..."
"I'm a bus"
"wat"
"Just eating a doughnut."
"Two reasons to imagine."
"Imagine"
"Photoshopping instruments onto basketball players yields entertaining results."
"We need to do this."
"These 2 are made for each other"
"I missed my cakeday and this is the .gif I was going to share while I still had a cake by my name."
"Riding a horse when you're 6"
"A Giant Ass"
"It's dangerous to go alone."
"I'm not real smart"
"There is a cat in this gif."
"The reason why i'm good at math. Fucking loved this game."
"GURLL..."
"Wile E. Coyote speaks to the UN."
"Don't dance on the highway"
"Photographing Something You Want To Show Everyone"
"As an Australian on Reddit during the U.S election."
"Diplo Dog"
"How I Feel After A Nice  Relaxing day"
"Ignore if you want to be raped in the ass with a coat hanger by nicholas cage while listening to nickelback."
"tic tac toe"
"Somebody lost a bet..."
"How I feel studying for any test/midterm."
"Yeah..."
"Professor Oak getting some action"
"Michael Clark Duncan dies of heat attack"
"Get well soon!"
"Get well soon!"
"Satellite image of Gotland  a Swedish island in the Baltic Sea  looks like it was painted by Van Gogh"
"Another crazy shot of Sandy approaching New York"
"Why is this so cool to me?"
"That sums up my feelings about the Debate tonight."
"The ball is rolling"
"This is the twitter account of the year  all his tweets are this great"
"Woody indeed!"
"So Jimmy Savile got a job at DisneyWorld.."
"If you're going to throw up when watching this drunk  you may as well enjoy it."
"Drop it."
"Sweet dreams are made of these"
"Men in the baby food department!"
"Go swag somewhere else douchebag"
"That's it  I'm out."
"Pretty much my reaction to everything now..."
"Just another white girl problem"
"Living with 3 ladies with sync'd menstrual cycles - Imgur"
"Aw skeet skeet"
"That is some pretty good dancing."
"Throwback hyphy"
"How I feel when Mars rover Curiosity successfully lands on Mars!"
"Sunset on Mars"
"A Martian sunset"
"Mortal Kombat Disco"
"Mortal Kombat Disco"
"Kissing cat"
"My faovrite comic of all time"
"DOG RULES"
"Found this online somewhere  dog people may appreciate it."
"boston terrier meets exercise ball"
"I got it  I got it..... Fuck"
"Ziggs  every time he puts down his Satchel Charge..."
"Need more cute otter pics?"
"You disgust me"
"My face when I went down on a Girl for the first time."
"Sometimes... I feel like this."
"My life"
"Sometimes life just feels like this [Repost]"
"Sadworld"
"Ring of Fire"
"Beautiful photo of a castle near a lake in Ireland."
"How I feel as a graduating senior"
"What happens if you leave the car unlocked in..."
"Just checking some car ads on craigslist when..."
"Jesus Tap-Dancing Christ!"
"Jesus tap dancing Christ"
"When I heard about oppa gangnam style"
"Shake  Shake  Shake  Senora"
"If you do this... fuck you"
"My thoughts on Hostess going out of business..."
"Me just wants to play"
"&quot;Don't touch me bitch!&quot;"
"For my birthday i give you my favorite gifs(more in comments)"
"meanwhile in russia.."
"Owned."
"Troll Level: Master"
"How I feel more and more often"
"Goosta Rap"
"SHAKE THAT!"
"Squirtle uses bubblebeam!"
"They'll find a way."
"Still gets me everytime..."
"Im sorry to report Reddit  we've lost a friend."
"Remember that cat that you thought ran away?......yeahhhhh"
"Here's a trail cam picture of an owl carrying a cat away....."
"Scumbag owl"
"Every GODDAMN furry animal"
"I WILL FOLLOW YOU TO THE SAND PIT AND BACK"
"When I finish school on a Friday"
"Baby red panda"
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful."
"Handgun in a pool"
"I stayed home tonight  drank grapefruit juice  ate Cheetos and watched Breaking Bad. Here's a pic of my costume."
"Supercell Thunderstorm Over Montana"
"Got this today trying to load a page"
"Proof  and to be honest  the one on the right sounds more believable.."
"Simple and true."
"Saxophone troll"
"The dopest walrus [fixed]"
"Nothing is ever black and white..."
"Peace Nobel Price goes to..."
"You Can't Just Ask"
"This must be rigged. What happened to Horace Mann School for the Deaf?"
"What rain looks like from above"
"What rain looks like from the air."
"Sneak peak at the Spiderman reboot"
"How I feel as an Aerospace Engineering student that Curiosity was successful"
"Shut up and take my money"
"Solid upbringing so far."
"Laughed a bit too hard at this"
"Puking like a Boss"
"After spending 3 hours on r/WTF  r/Gore  r/SpaceDicks  and r/WatchPeopleDie. (x-post from r/funny)"
"All of your wildest dreams will come true."
"how did no one else think of this?"
"About a [3] on the WTF meter  but still worth a gander. Also  nsfw."
"AC-130 leaving behind flare &quot;Angel of Death&quot;"
"In the beginning..."
"Christian Pokemon!"
"How does this bird fly with such massive balls?!"
"Oh my fucking god!!"
"Help bring this dogs abuser to justice"
"How I felt browsing /r/politics these past two days"
"How to put a peanut in your mouth"
"What kind of inhuman monster would want to club this?"
"The Solution to Multiples"
"Ghetto Socks"
"A llama on a surfboard. 'nuf said."
"5 Points from Gryffindor"
"Albino koala."
"How many up votes for this baby koala??"
"how i felt looking at FB the day after halloween"
"republicanprimaries.gif"
"Gaston is hungry"
"I will miss this magnificent guy."
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan  will never forget John Coffey"
"Looks like it's time to watch this movie again. RIP Michael Clarke Duncan  age 54 (heart attack)."
"Searched &quot;WTF&quot; on google and this came up..."
"Earth without art  is just eh."
"HE CANT STOP!"
"When my favorite song comes on at the Club/Bar"
"after finding /r/spacedicks"
"How I'm avoiding spoilers that are now surfacing for The Dark Knight Rises"
"I wonder who this guy is voting for"
"how I felt after finding out my school was closed tomorrow"
"Egyptian protesters wearing Guy Fawkes masks posing in front of the US embassy"
"I'd shit my pants"
"I'M AN AMERICAN"
"How I feel Down-Voting Terrible Posts that made it to the front page somehow.."
"In relation to the Pride parade in New York City yesterday.. Your move society"
"I will never understand bees."
"New iOS 6 Apple Maps on CYYZ: ...Close enough."
"Panacea [gif]"
"Ouch."
"I ate chicken  not salmon  dude."
"Three wolf moon... Reddit version."
"I hate it when people waste my time (FIXED)"
"How I feel when someone uses a Family Guy picture to express their reaction to something."
"Today on the east coast"
"How I feel when I think i have a brilliant link and it gets downvoted"
"Get it? ORAL Roberts..."
"Like I Give A Fuck!"
"Hong Kong Skyline at night"
"[=]_[=]"
"The Blue Dragon (Glaucus atlanticus)  one of the world’s rarest and most beautiful mollusks."
"A beautiful view of Chicago this morning from CANADA!"
"It just can't get any cuter"
"I love the taste of a good lip."
"Dat uplift"
"Work it out"
"Actors recreate their most famous roles in this fantastic series of photos."
"Spontaneous Wingman Of The Year"
"Act natural and just keep walking"
"It was bound to happen..."
"Good Advice"
"The Effects of Meth"
"So a girl I had sex with awhile back just texted me saying I was the best she ever had...my reaction."
"Waking up to quadrupled karma"
"Curiosity landed safely"
"r/science right now...."
"All glory to the hypnocat"
"No witty title available..."
"2 CHAINZ"
"slowly he's got inside their minds until they all believed they were fish"
"Why I oughta!"
"Just laughed at this for 20 minutes. (6)"
"Cat Tossing"
"Made you look"
"Watching people argue on Facebook."
"“I read this cover to cover. Absolutely no information on killing mocking birds.”"
"bacon"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Top gear isn't back until 2013!"
"How I feel when I see something on the front page that I've seen months ago.."
"republican ideology taken to the next level"
"Snoop dogg"
"sorry if this is old...but it had me laughing."
"Pretty much sums up last nights news"
"Russia's Got Talent"
"Father of the century"
"Man mauled by bear"
"be my friend?"
"Hi honey!"
"Just playing around..."
"This just happened to me and i was worried that my night was ruined"
"Reddit Under A Heavy Load"
"Fancy cat is dissapoint"
"Fancy cat is disappointed"
"me looking at the taco bell menu at 3am.."
"My face when I sat down and realized that I'm the only guy in a class full of college girls."
"Always cheers me up!!"
"What a sweet little guy?"
"Is it just me  or did r/WTF turn into r/Gore lately? Fucking people go to the emergency room everyday for stupid accidents. Whatever happened to shit like this?"
"A star and a black hole."
"Equal Height Party"
"I'd hire him"
"Puns  bitch."
"To all my socially awkward penguins"
"a paradox world"
"This Is jackass"
"And Little Jimmy gave no fucks that day"
"Daniel Craig with long hair."
"I thought I heard something while I was playing Amnesia."
"So I heard this place likes grumpy cats.."
"So I heard this place likes grumpy cats.."
"Shaved my privates for the first time. [fixed][fixed]"
"My dog knocked and the door to show me what he found."
"I wonder what his thoughts are?"
"Parenting win"
"My favorite downvote gif from GoT by far."
"Slo-Mo Left Hook"
"Elves"
"Jump around"
"I don't know why  but I found this hilarious"
"Frogman!"
"I told him Santa wasnt real..."
"How it is browsing r/new."
"Mine."
"You know it's true"
"50 Shades of DAFUQ....."
"Separated at birth?"
"Alright Mr. Kirtsmith  truth or dare?"
"Slumber Party Court"
"Truth or DARE?!"
"My newsfeed held a pleasant surprise for me when I signed on tonight."
"Me  Myself and Eyerene..."
"I find this appealing"
"I find this attire..."
"Sophisticated Banana"
"I otter call  but I won't"
"Someone who loves you - Up/Star Wars crossover art"
"In 1998  when Titanic took over Star Wars at the box office  Lucas sent Cameron this."
"boop!"
"boop."
"Or anyone else  for that matter."
"she can see the future"
"Went to the gym today..."
"Lungi Terror ( x-post from r/india )"
"Fantastic Gif"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"Classic WTF"
"Just a couple of friends doing the dishes..."
"Fishing in the North Sea."
"Fishing in the North Sea."
"um..."
"I'd love to ride a segway through here."
"amazing butterfly"
"Facebook"
"This is what protesters do to the police in the Ukraine"
"Just two piglets swimming"
"Best caption wins!"
"My Favorite GIF Ever"
"Pigeons..."
"Every day"
"If you build it  they will come."
"Gotta cap them all!"
"I'm a panda"
"Little Friend"
"Brother's friend's Halloween costume. Nailed it."
"We put Shel Silverstein on the front page on his birthday but not this absolute LEGEND??"
"I present to you....The most badass .gif ever"
"The first time I went down on a girl"
"mind = blown"
"Ed O'Neill has been reading the same newspaper for 20 years. Married with Children to Modern Family. - Imgur"
"The most accurate pie chart  ever."
"#2termz (2-chainz)"
"The artwork of Adolf Hitler."
"Soccer fatality"
"dogs diary vs. cats diary"
"What happened last night?"
"Drunk Baby - Dinner Time"
"Advice About Women"
"How I feel whenever I walk into an electronic store"
"I feel bad for laughing"
"Happy MLK Day"
"My friend's brother's response to a question."
"Who says steroids don't bring out the sexy??"
"Every.Damn.Time"
"13 million dollar bank statement left at a coffee shop with this message on it... (Rewritten in the comments)"
"How I saw Christianity as a child."
"Bitch Kick[gif]"
"Midgets can be cruel."
"Wrestling slam called the face slide."
"Animals feel left out of the Olympics"
"&quot;What will happen in the next 100 years&quot; published in 1911"
"Kate Upton. You won't be disappointed. This I promise you."
"Cause sometimes you just have to know if you can"
"How's this for a Halloween costume?"
"Sweet costume  dawg."
"Potentially the weirdest gif ever made"
"How I feel when i get a sudden burst of karma!"
"Aliens probe Uranus"
"Beliefe me it's a thermometer  I'm a doctor!"
"What?"
"(un)luckiest man on earth?"
"I wish they could see what I see"
"what Iron Man would have looked like if robert downey jr was still on crack"
"When God Created The Earth"
"Douchebag level: Pug"
"Lesbian Love"
"Lick it (NSFL)"
"Classic Gaben..."
"How I feel when a post gets a lot of upvotes [oc]"
"Life of a Whale Biologist"
"Stop Girl responds when I threaten to leave this subreddit"
"What I was thinking in my head before posting this..."
"What She Said  When I Tried to Stick it in Her Ass..."
"It felt like jelly."
"best story ever!"
"Seinfeld Wars"
"Since my saloon girl pics got so many up votes  I thought it try my Nic Cage shirt once more!"
"it's hard not to like arnold"
"Whenever I see someone reply to a link with &quot;The fuck did I just watch?&quot;"
"How I feel whenever a new meme starts to become popular"
"How r/imgoingtohellforthis feels on 9/11"
"When I realize I'm the only one in my house"
"How to dealing with annoying people"
"Always remember:"
"Be the bigger man."
"4 muscles"
"Kids spell the darndest things."
"Reminder  you can't delete the internet!"
"They aren't inside pets..."
"Redneck hunting dogs."
"What I think when the title in r/aww starts with &quot;Every time&quot;"
"Spoiler alert!"
"Every fucking night"
"A baby chimp bottle feeding a baby tiger."
"A baby chimp bottle feeding a baby tiger"
"toooo cute"
"Cake Day Dilemma"
"my cake day"
"Vowels (Fixed  Yet Again)"
"Vowels (Fixed^3)"
"How I feel when people on reddit overuse the same gifs again and again"
"How I feel when people on Facebook link to 9gag:"
"My reaction when my mother casually tells me she's going on a European vacation with my ex-step-father."
"When someone says they are christian and support LGBT"
"The next time your cat licks you... think of this."
"I laugh every time"
"Not sure if cute (nsfw)"
"Damnit  now where am I going to go?"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"King of Games."
"When I hit 1000 Karma with a reaction gif"
"It's the weekend... you know what that means."
"Party hard"
"Id shit my pants"
"Got my tube."
"My life is now complete."
"Someone requested this faceswap  so in my drunken stupor  I had to oblige."
"That's the spirit"
"terrorists"
"No Dad Don't!"
"What Teddy Bears Really Do For You"
"SPREAD THIS PICTURE!!!!!!!!!THIS PICTURE WAS ON FACEBOOK FOR A VERY SHORT TIME  PLEASE HELP THIS BABY!!!!!!DO YOU KNOW WHO THIS IS??????"
"My reaction whenever I read the comments on a conspiracy video on Youtube."
"What a huge dick."
"Link's gettin dat ass"
"What to do when bored!"
"When your robot lands....on MARS"
"Science! Science! Science!"
"My reaction when Curiosity successfully landed on Mars"
"How I felt when Curiosity landed on mars"
"HIFW Curiosity lands"
"Meanwhile at NASA"
"Land On It"
"WE DID IT!"
"don't disturb Cleveland's calibrations"
"The real reason they're there"
"Bless this gif"
"How I felt returning home with my first full beard after 37 days of travel"
"Why would you do that  son?"
"lolwut gif with catchy music [FIXED] [NSFW]"
"Orgy  fun for the whole family [NSFW]"
"found this little guy when i went bushwalking"
"Submit your best animated gif of someone dancing. .gifparty commence!"
"Bit of a strange request... But worth it &gt;:D"
"This is my new favorite comic"
"People tell me I'm good with my hands"
"You'd better hide too... Sandy is coming."
"Sandy and the statue of liberty - this turned up on my facebook"
"The Original Pedo Bear"
"River House  Serbia"
"CPR for dummies."
"One of my all time favorite images. - Imgur"
"Good Guy Imgur Random. Best gif ever."
"#swag"
"Best gif on the Internet"
"Do a barrel roll"
"I whip my ears back and forth"
"HIFW I'm the only girl in the weight room"
"Playtime"
"Reddit's reaction when I admit to being a dog  NOT CAT  lover."
"How I feel working on an assignment that's due the next day after a weekend of fun..."
"What it feels like arguing with your girlfriend during her &quot;bitchstorm&quot;."
"The videogame that got me into gaming. The one who took my heart and set it afire with a nice molotov cocktail."
"Please make a sequel to this!"
"I'm not Ms. Bridget"
"CUTEST.CAT.EVER"
"Soon. (When you see it)"
"Hipster Ice"
"Just another day on the farm."
"Apple recently"
"Rack Rack City..."
"Money in the bank"
"My fiance didn't know who Slender Man was. So I googled him for her."
"Captain &quot;Tight Pants&quot; Canuck"
"This was all I could think of every time someone said &quot;American&quot; or &quot;America&quot; during the Republican Convention."
"Go ahead  call the cops..."
"Even A Black Guy Can't Un-Rape You!"
"It's a sniper!"
"My friend left her reddit account signed in on my computer  so here is a picture of an asain man licking another asain man's cheek(SFW)"
"Looked up how to get Reddit karma.... got this..."
"You taste so good"
"How i feel when i hold down the power button."
"Oh  cool. It's a picture in a... wait...wait."
"She should have ordered a happy meal."
"I'm starting to hit it off with a girl at the bar  then she tells me how much her boyfriend and me would get along."
"First thing I thought of when I saw this gif"
"I could watch this all day [fixed]"
"Bruce Campbell walking around a castle in a kilt with a broadsword. That is all."
"What movie is this from?"
"Black people hip thrusting... Ohhhh yeahhhh"
"Awesome Production crew is Awesome.(x-post from /r/funny)"
"I asked myself...WTF?"
"Dance"
"Ha!"
"What in the actual fuck."
"Uh Oh"
"Gangnam style."
"Another form of ghetto pool."
"Dat ass..."
"gigglebush"
"Hey  I wonder what this thing is  maybe - HOLY SHIT!!"
"how bread is actually made"
"get that crumb all over my face!"
"Library"
"Renaissance Mutant Ninja Turtles!"
"My reaction to every sound I hear when I am home alone at night..."
"How I feel when browsing r/wtf sometimes"
"best gif ever"
"Teletubbies dance off"
"That's just amazing."
"hip to be psycho"
"When people ask me why I downvote top posts"
"***Please caption!*** I saw this at a [6] and couldn't stop laughing."
"DON'T TOUCH ME [fixed]"
"Houston  we have a problem..."
"I'm no longer allowed near my daughter's coloring books."
"Time for nature facts!"
"Thanks Kroger"
"What its like riding in a convertible for the first time."
"You dirty boy..."
"Dirty whispers"
"Whenever I see Casey Anthony on the news again."
"How I feel about all the &quot;working&quot; people posting about how they feel about college students posting about how they feel about 8 am classes"
"Just got my first acceptance letter into college! I'm so happy I could dance!"
"How it feels to miss your cakeday"
"Looks delicious"
"Mother of God  they've evolved"
"Saw this on my FB wall... I have no comment."
"GAYYYYY!"
"the definition of troll"
"grande skinny hot dog please  no bun  two ketchups"
"A meteor is crashing towards earth..."
"Romeo Montague likes this."
"Whenever I try to make a comeback in an argument"
"Battered warrior"
"The Ultimate Survivor (one of my favourite images)"
"When Giorgio A. Tsoukalos actually sees an alien."
"Chuck Norris can be such a douche."
"Crack-shot? More like cat-shot."
"for ALL women"
"[FIXED] Asked my dad for help with bullies at school  he gave me this the next day."
"My experience driving through Connecticut."
"How Reddit treats most memes."
"About 2 seconds into shaving my beard off."
"How I almost always feel immediately after making a submission to reddit"
"When I noticed I missed my cake day."
"Being convinced into going to superdogs"
"Not The Milk!!"
"An incredible long exposure of earth from the ISS by astronaut Don Pettit/NASA"
"cake day bitches"
"How I feel when I finish work on Fridays"
"Tosh on gays (repost from r/funny)"
"Apple calling their lawyers again"
"My friend threw a birthday party for her dog..."
"I humbly submit my vote for the worst tattoo ever"
"Punk ass bicth"
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?!"
"So  how does that banana taste..."
"Gettin' horny now"
"Mr.Dragon's Birthday."
"Then and now I watch &quot;Barney and friends...&quot;"
"&quot;Four score and seven years ago  in a galaxy far far away...&quot;"
"Some people have no respect or class"
"Some people have no respect..."
"Oh how many f**** I give?"
"Red Lobster Biscuts"
"&quot;File not found...&quot;"
"Every Shakespearean tragedy"
"My gf asked me if I brushed my teeth today. I said &quot;no&quot; to which she responds  &quot;you're gonna get heart disease&quot;"
"looking at number of texts with best friends then with girl i met less than a week ago"
"A nope eating a bird. Not sure if repost"
"The Real Reason for Broken N64 Joysticks"
"Face illusion."
"They still won"
"Oh...ok."
"My new pick up line"
":3"
"How I imagine it feels to get over ten upvotes."
"When I try to eat a powdered doughnut"
"My favorite television relationship"
"Easter is cancelled"
"... so it begins my first r/gifsound what have i become"
"New Arrested Development Cast Picture!"
"They see me rollin'..."
"Going wild."
"Day 45..."
"How I feel as a closet atheist at Christian Camp."
"How could you not love this picture"
"How my first post went"
"My first handjob in 3 days"
"Did a double-take when I saw this"
"When I haven't blown my nuts for a week"
"Gf's first handjob"
"HELL NO! (x/post r/creepy_gifs)"
"Nope! Oh NO  FUCK NO!"
"The Serenade of the Bears"
"Down low? Too slow..."
"the things we can accomplish when we work together"
"How I feel posting an unpopular political point of view on Reddit..."
"Realizing it's my cakeday 2 days after posting three good links"
"Whenever I don´t understand something in math"
"How I feel when something expensive unexpectedly goes wrong..."
"What do we have here?"
"I'd do the same"
"Fifty Shades of Grey &quot;Official&quot; Poster"
"Googled &quot;Soldier in Mexican border control&quot;"
"I find these old war shots amazing"
"They have to be very careful about who they tell to &quot;hose it down.&quot;"
"Ta-da!!"
"My side on the political debate"
"These boxes are definitely plotting something."
"Evil plotting boxes will get you! [FIXED]"
"Plotting Boxes (x-post r/funny)"
"These boxes are definitely plotting something..."
"Superglue!"
"They told me I could become anything  so i became... fuck I don't even know"
"Reintroduced as the ministry of silly walks"
"What is going on here? I found this searching &quot;what the food&quot;"
"Just out for a stroll"
"Just taking a stroll."
"QWOP in real life"
"How I feel walking out of the gym after a leg workout"
"Probably A Repost But I Think This Is The Right Day"
"How I imagine QDWach"
"Going to a party as a freshman."
"Boo"
"It's true. I sh8t"
"Mein"
"__classic__"
"Mindfuck"
"4 Perfectly Round Circles"
"My GF showed up pretty drunk last night. I showed her this &amp; she puked in my living room. hurts my head sober.... lol"
"Real life Pikachu!"
"When a repost stil makes me laugh"
"My reaction to downvotes on My Cake Day"
"Children &amp; Religion"
"Yea I win.....Holy Shit!"
"Raw Emotion"
"When I try to explain cake days to non redditors."
"The person stocking the produce department needs a promotion"
"Don't eat me!"
"She's someones entertainment box."
"I Don't Want to Understand [Possibly NSFW]"
"Baby manatee?! Awww."
"X-Menorah Origins: Woverstein"
"Penguins can be trolls too"
"New to Reddit eh? Come over here for your welcome gift!"
"Classic"
"my face after hearing my gf was in to witchcraft"
"So this popped up on Facebook Though you might like it (fixed)"
"Deep Sea Hatchetfish A.K.A. the Fish That Will Eat Your Soul"
"Raccoon Pole Sitter"
"I don't even..."
"There's only one way to find out..."
"why income tax return form got returned"
"I shall call him Derp!"
"Seems legit."
"MRW my friend tells me about his date"
"How I feel with my girlfriend around her parents"
"Whenever I have to sleep with a sibling in the same bed..."
"Corgis Training"
"Corgi's on a treadmill"
"keep out or enter"
"Think I'll be staying home today...."
"when to use the escalator"
"Random act of kindness  indeed."
"Seems appropriate for here..."
"Almost missed my cakeday  so here's the Coz showin a kid how to go zip zop zoobity bop."
"When I get home and there's nothing good in the fridge..."
"Someone posted this in/r/Murica but it belongs here"
"Time for Tickles"
"What time is it?"
"PUTUS on the trombone"
"My favorite picture of Louis Armstrong"
"Want"
"Aliens..."
"Can't decide if animal cruelty or animal cool-ty"
"im a master waterbender"
"im a waterbending master"
"kitty fight!"
"Missing stabler"
"not a horrific shark attack"
"Our get along shirt."
"HIFW Curiousity landed on Mars"
"Persian triple fake."
"So i got a text from my ex saying that she was pregnant...."
"Camp master Jimbob"
"My reaction when someone on reddit gets to meet someone they admire from the film/tv industry"
"Cuban Warfare"
"Don't trip  I got this"
"Probably a repost  but I found this hilarious."
"Ohh I see."
"On Kitchen Floor. Nope!"
"It came to feast on me!! Survival mode kicked in and I came out the victor /cheer."
"Technologic Ned"
"Tumblr in one picture"
"Canadian Street Gangs"
"Winter is coming but Canada gives 0 fucks"
"Ever seen a deer jump this high?"
"Join the Resistance!"
"Am I sexy yet?"
"Run Forrest! Run!"
"Finally saw something good on Facebook"
"Poker face."
"[10] guy plays poker"
"The newest thing on fb"
"I found this picture on Facebook..."
"Well Facebook  that escalated quickly."
"I vow to find what poison sumac looks like and avoid it at all costs now."
"I see your zombie deer....and raise you horse Snuggie."
"Some people really like horses"
"Michael Clarke Duncan (The Green Mile) has passed away. He was 54."
"R.I.P Michael  you won't be forgotten"
"Michael Clarke Duncan (Green mile) Dies at 54 from heart attack."
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan"
"Planuit earth (X-post from r/yotubecomments)"
"Bucket-ception."
"It may not seem like much  but after years of searching  I realized I am a deist!"
"Oh no a bear!"
"Oprah Loves Bees"
"Bees!"
"BEES!!!"
"All I can think  when I see the Oprah Upvote gif. . ."
"The Bees..."
"First day exploring the new house and yard. It's going to be a long summer."
"BEES"
"BEES!!!"
"Sarcasm Bra."
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson during his funkadelic days"
"Young Neil deGrasse Tyson is S.M.A.R.T."
"Forever Alone Pillow - Never Sleep Alone Again!"
"Forever Alone"
"Derivery!"
"Found this GEM on the 4chan."
"Classic &quot;That 70s Show&quot;"
"This is just beautiful"
"Pointless technology for pointless reasons!"
"Port Isaac England [960 × 640]"
"Aahhh... the randomnEss..."
"One of the best contradictions (and argument-winners) ever."
"When my friend  an alleged redditor  was browsing 9gag and claimed it was ok."
"I play in my school's athletic band; this is what all of the freshmen dudes look like at the first women's volleyball game"
"Is it just me  or does Tyranitar's Emerald sprite fit perfectly here?"
"Grand Canyon? How bout a minute crack in iron under a powerful microscope"
"The good  the bag and the unlucky."
"Fun with statues."
"This never fails to make me laugh"
"When you don't say what you wanted to say to someone that pissed you off"
"The first thing that came to mind when I heard Hostess was shutting down.."
"Celebration"
"If you didn't know that Aaron Paul (Jesse) from Breaking Bad was on &quot;The Price is Right&quot;  then now you do."
"Sounds like the perfect TV for reddit."
"How I feel when someone proves Christianity wrong"
"Best trick ever"
"Brits don't seem to get why us Yanks have such difficulty with geography outside 'Murica"
"Rule 34: Still Going Strong (SFW)"
"My favorite way to troll on public transport."
"Bump"
"Peek A Boo"
"down boy down ..."
"This thug sure knows how to photoshop!"
"Nancy Reagan &amp; Mr. T [x-post r/images]"
"Stop asking questions and help me find my goddamn pants."
"Go home Rainbow..."
"She should become a firefighter. Any emergency would instantly become...amazing."
"Hypnotically hot"
"In queso emergency..."
"Stupid Dog!"
"When I kill a bug that's been flying around for hours for hours."
"The Old Spice people must be heartbroken."
"Why you should always wear a banana suit."
"Happy birthday to this guy right here."
"The Rock vs. 12 Pancakes"
"What's the worst that can happen?"
"Catnam Style"
"Catgnam Style"
"Gangham Cat"
"Gangnam cat"
"When you find a bug that you didn't know can fly."
"How I feel when some tries to tickle me."
"I WANT THIS NOW!!!"
"Eclipse"
"Angel Falls from above"
"'Bagel Head' - a hip new trend in Japan"
"Scared peppers"
"I thought this was photoshopped  but today I found out that its not. Pretty cool. [960x639]"
"Why isn't my camera working?"
"Whats in that camera?"
"Couldn't think up a title  but the picture is amazing."
"Amphibious Assault Vehicles Firing Smoke Grenades. Woah."
"weird thing i found"
"I LAUGHED..."
"The song of my people"
"Song of the spiders"
"When my parents discovered Dubstep.."
"Reality sucks."
"Literally cant handle this"
"(SFW) Coming from 4chan...thinking I can handle /r/spacedicks..."
"Me when I finnaly get sick off the NSFL posts before going to r/aww"
"DYEL?"
"Setting the bar high for men everywhere"
"One of my favorite face swaps"
"What?"
"Roses are red"
"How I feel everyone on r/trees looks and acts."
"TONIGHT WE RIDE!"
"Ride into Battle"
"Anybody? No?...Cool."
"This is why I would be killed."
"Life of a stormtrooper [FIXED]"
"Oh yeah? Well in America THIS is one of our largest smarties!"
"9/11 attack  seen from ISS."
"He may not be fluffy  but isn't he at least a tiny bit cute?"
"Man  Stalin looked like a hipster. He'd totally get laid here in Philly"
"A young Joseph Stalin"
"I love you Bill Hader."
"When you see it. (Sfw)"
"I wanted waffles!"
"The most awesome scooter ever."
"Welcome to my neighborhood."
"The gif I like to send my girlfriend whenever she tells me she's late"
"I present you The Ironbat"
"At least he's determined.... [NSFL]"
"Poor mouse..."
"Romance for a redditor."
"Jesus drove a Honda"
"Knowing my buddy downvoted my new post to zero"
"With my creationist friends..."
"Little Witch"
"Asshole."
"asshole"
"GW Didn't like my asshole but maybe you guys will."
"When my niece tells me &quot;Twilight&quot; was 10 times the book that &quot;Grapes of Wrath&quot; was"
"Whenver I open anything on Reddit that takes more than 5 seconds to digest"
"Whenever a rage comic is more than 6 panels..."
"HIFW My friend suggest we do an Arnold Schwarzenegger workout routine."
"3 more months till my device upgrade with AT&amp;T...?!?"
"Whenever I go to reheat pizza and consider putting it in the oven instead of the microwave..."
"Downvoting someone on their cake day."
"When I notice people are stealing my karma on my cakeday"
"I think most of us can relate."
"Blowing out a candle... like a ninja!"
"True Friends stand up for each other."
"Oldie but a Goodie"
"Still my favorite picture on the internet."
"I can't stop laughing"
"It would be cute she said"
"Just Morgan Freeman with a kitten on his head."
"omnomnomnom"
"Just a camel eating a kids head  welcome to the internet"
