"Obamaki"
"Deranged psychopath ties dead mouse to his testicles and brings out snake for &quot;feeding time&quot; (NSFW)"
"Oh Sh!t"
"Selfie Stick"
"Trying on his Daddy's halloween costume... Oh the irony"
"Worst halloween costume"
"Uncle Ben's"
"Ball of Fire"
"Meanwhile  in British politics..."
"Amazing Coin Balance"
"What ever happened to these?"
"Don't end up as this guy."
"Whalebait (x-post from r/whalebait)"
"I've made a huge mistake"
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"Bill Cosby with his jell-o"
"Just another reason why Hemingway is one of my favorite writers."
"Do you really think that's attractive?!"
"Deadpool spinning gif mashup (OC that accidentally just happened to me)"
"dalai lama Upvote [OC]"
"Turned on yet?"
"Need to be sexy  just add Hershey's syrup."
"I surrender!"
"When a girl tries to convince me she poops."
"When someone tries to tell me spoilers of The Dark Knight Rises"
"Overreact much? [xpost from /r/wtf]"
"How I feel when playing the scary maze game."
"baby sloth"
"my friend showed me this unbelievably sad dog &amp; owner story today and i felt like sharing with you  reddit. (first reddit post... hope i'm doing this correctly.)"
"Cats are awesome  but dogs give you something special..."
"Right in the childhood"
"Who is that handsome devil?"
"Space toothbrush"
"Makes me laugh every time"
"Most work-places just ask you wash your hands."
"Miracles..."
"How I felt when I deleted my facebook"
"Walked into a room right as a hippie girl said &quot;I think science proves the existence of God.&quot;"
"Hidden Masters"
"For my 1st Cake Day  this is my favorite breed of dog. And it's perfect."
"This game is so much fun."
"The moon and venus over Switzerland"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Whenever I go for a high five"
"Typed &quot;Cute nail designs&quot; and this came up..."
"So I walked in on my parents"
"Whenever I hear teenagers talk about how politics will never affect them."
"I love the olympics....[NSFW]"
"Went to a gallery opening tonight: &quot;I'm all out of trees; you want an Adderall?&quot;"
"Wrong Neighborhood"
"Evolved Intelligence"
"I found some summer work."
"Let's play a game..."
"A whole new level of Saw"
"Slo-mo catch"
"What happens when I submit things to Reddit"
"Every time I try to reach the front page..."
"How it feels making a spelling error on Reddit"
"Why it probably isn't the best idea to quote the bible on Reddit."
"How I feel about /r/redditgetsdrawn being flooded with new requests"
"What I feel like on Reddit (fixed)"
"Almost pissed my pants in fear D:"
"A repost you say? As you wish."
"The laser pointer affects all."
"The fuck  Internet?"
"I wish I could ski half as well as this ostrich does"
"Dancing Queen"
"OH GOD WHAT"
"Whatcha eatin' Littlefoot?"
"CPR according to The Onion."
"STAHP"
"Role Reversal"
"Japan meets Reddit."
"Smells like....freedom"
"Ahh  the good ole Hole in the Popcorn trick"
"The One stupid person in London! [Repost from /r/pics]"
"When I'm browsing and run in to my own submission with a surprising amount of upvotes"
"FUCK THIS SHIT [Pic]"
"Seeing all the same gifs posted after that link of 700+ gifs"
"I know who I voted for!"
"Delivery for C. Dramswapper"
"I could see where this is a conflicting one."
"All the ladies want it"
"What Reddit really is."
"How I feel when my cousin talks about his plans to join anonymous"
"Good Luck"
"How it feels to get more than 1 upvote on a post"
"oh yeah....oh yeah."
"Sisters"
"cute pups"
"This is what happens when I see a sexy girl in town"
"Albert Einstein wearing fuzzy slippers."
"I think she's a keeper[FIXED]"
"This girl is a keeper"
"Dogs are no friends of mine..."
"Angry Pirate"
"This is the Reddit Community"
"Trees Cocooned in Spider Webs in Pakistan"
"Why we get colds."
"weeeeee..AAAAAHHHH!!!"
"Christmas from a different point of view"
"Any love from fellow Canadians?"
"Oh  you got some snowfall? Please..."
"this is what happens when they let shamoo ride the rides"
"Reddit  would you bring a one-night-stand back here?"
"How i felt seeing my friend get friendzoned all night"
"I've been having some problems with a chick who is a complete stoner/bitch  so reddit I give you…my revenge"
"The Safe Place?"
"Don't hit little kids with big fathers. (Xpost/gifs)"
"Nice try though..."
"So thats where pandas come from!"
"Whenever I go on facebook or twitter....."
"Fuck The Police!"
"I googled 'How to get karma on reddit.' Was not disappointed."
"Seems like it fits"
"Expansion of Walmart Empire"
"How to look rich"
"How to draw a perfect circle!"
"Math class this morning"
"Why my room is always dirty..."
"Why I always leave the house when my dad starts cleaning"
"I whip Loki back and forth"
"The worst day ever for Reddit"
"One of the worlds tallest NBA players and the worlds shortest NBA player."
"Whenever I see pictures of spiders on reddit."
"aint no one fkz with tiny hippo. aint no one"
"Renta Spong"
"^_^"
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Astronauts hang out at the..."
"AMA Request: Robert Fisk of the 1993 Bin Laden Interview"
"Well.. there goes another piece of my childhood. RIP"
"This is happening inside of you right now."
"Before Instagram"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"You're a ram."
"Now that are elections are over. This is how I feel when someone writes something about politics."
"Goat Aurora Over Greenland"
"The Queen having a giggle at Prince Philip's ceremonial uniform"
"When my contacts start to dry."
"Me after drinking coffee for the first time"
"Thor Almighty..."
"Mmmmm Ice Cream"
"Incredible Den Yakovlev Tattoo"
"Love  Carl"
"I posted this as a comment a few months ago before I found this beautiful subreddit"
"Good ol' Penn Jillette"
"My leg..."
"Sperm whales taking a floating snooze."
"Cats needs some privacy too!"
"[FB] Another time and place"
"r/awwrrr"
"Best way to keep em in line"
"Yeah  shut up Charles."
"Slow Motion water balloon to the face!"
"Waterballon exploding"
"How I feel when I swim"
"Every fucking time"
"My ex girlfriend"
"go home man  you are drunk"
"Dancing Polar Bear at Bernard Spit in Alaska (x-post from r/AnimalPorn)"
"It's true..."
"This is what you look like right now.Pretty bang on."
"Not amused by your dancing"
"Hipster kitty in real life"
"I see london  I see France!"
"Crying."
"Go cry me a river"
"While reddit was down..."
"How it must feel to get your post stolen and it makes it to the front page."
"I’d love to see the Kuiper belt….. (Borderline NSFW)"
"YA DUN GOOF'D TAYLOR"
"with fast easy results"
"This guy on my newsfeed posted about cleaning his computer after visiting &quot;questionable sites &quot; this is the picture he posted."
"Continue..."
"Well This Feels Oddly Familiar"
"Karmas a bitch"
"Tried explaining Reddit to a friend. Showed him this"
"Friend saw this on the train this morning"
"Batman Cam"
"squidwald: the horrible life drug addict"
"I thought this might be appreciated here"
"Thanks clown.. you ruined my childhood."
"What's scarier: An Orwellian Society or A Brave New World?"
"How I felt every time my mom would make me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich."
"Erin O' Keefe - Eaten by mountain rats - 1876"
"That stinks"
"This one gets me every time."
"Hick Having Fun (NSFW)"
"Everyone I have seen with an iphone 5"
"Flavored Water"
"Doomba 27.4"
"Herp Derpington....Bodybuilder"
"Oh God... Dat... face?"
"Missed a spot."
"Do you even lift?"
"Just make sure she doesnt notice us driving by her house"
"Thanks  but all my awe and reverence is for real things."
"Skyrim's Earthporn"
"My favorite movie  Ernesto and the Tramp!"
"well that's one way to decorate your lawn"
"Most awkward old west photo ever...I look like a little person burlesque dancer."
"Go home boat  you're drunk"
"My buddy's cat loves Chef Boyardee"
"This is Heavy  Doc"
"How I Feel Everytime I Tell My Sister A Joke"
"Huddled Together"
"In a puppy-picture-war with a friend. Her latest volly. Direct hit."
"Originator of the douchebag look..."
"I love the Onion"
"So fresh"
"Didn't see that one coming..."
"Let me just get these books for youuuu................."
"I'd watch the shit out of it."
"ERMAGAD.. BEES!"
"Headphones in the library."
"Finding that it's my Cake Day in the office!!!"
"HOLY DIVER  SOLE SURVIVOR"
"absolutely adorable"
"Today in Scotland: Part 2"
"My Swag"
"Shitting in the urinal has never been easier!"
"WTF? haha"
"Here  have an upvote"
"Just enjoying a savory treat"
"This is the only gif to make me laugh every single time. Mortal Kombat players will especially like this. **NSFW!**"
"This goddamn gif never fails to crack me up [NSFW]"
"This one always cracks me up (NSFW)"
"Liu Kang wins ~ Fatality"
"Why... why the hell is there a creepy ass baby on this ad? I just wanted to watch a video."
"found this on my fb newsfeed"
"After recording commentary for half an hour before realizing the mic was muted..."
"Freestyle urination"
"Happy Birthday John Lennon. I wish I knew you."
"So this is a thing."
"This kills the man"
"And he's up in the air."
"Constellations"
"When a comment of mine gets downvoted."
"Redditors who delete comments"
"Spongebob and Sandy"
"Not Sure If Repost"
"Found a pic of this dude on my fb news feed earlier tonight..."
"He's so adorable I could just eat him up"
"Whenever I post something funny on Reddit and nobody appreciates it..."
"Bears Love DIO"
"Getting a 4 minute long ad on Youtube and no way to skip it."
"4am Reddit"
"Felix Baumgartner has a cat."
"Bravest cat ever!!!"
"SAIL"
"Ouroboros [x-post r/FithWorldPics]"
"Hi guys  It's me. Jennifer Aniston"
"going through and deleting over 300 facebook friends"
"Bad Luck Brian's not doing to bad."
"An albino crow."
"Honestly  did this require a sign?"
"oh you know...just girly things"
"confidence level: boss"
"Ear Worm: let's just get this combo out of the way"
"What happens if u leave some cats with a box?"
"How to draw an owl in two easy steps!"
"I'll see your drawing a perfect circle - and help you draw an Owl."
"What snake venom does to blood."
"Bulbasaur Evolution"
"Quintessence of my life"
"i came here to solve X..."
"Unknown Cryptid on Google Maps?"
"Everything else wrong with this picture aside  someone had to draw this. ಠ_ಠ"
"This is their 'argument.'"
"Oh Pat Robertson"
"I can't believe it wasn't taken..."
"Looking at all the pics on the front page."
"Seriously. I don't get it"
"apparently cats do party"
"Quick  dance!"
"Poor Spidey"
"Joseph Kittinger jumping from 102 800 feet in August 1960."
"Accidentally Clicking On r/Spacedicks"
"Follow your dreams"
"The reason I subbed to WTF"
"What christians think atheists do for the holidays."
"Monk and tiger sharing their meal.."
"A handful of 'Aww...'"
"Not even this guy hates hula hoops"
"This sums up how I feel about Mac."
"I got worried."
"Okay  on second thoughts maybe it was kind of funny..."
"Everyone wants to be in the middle except for the one actually in the middle who can't breathe anymore"
"Alright guys  which one of you made this?"
"Hey Scarlett will you sign this for me?"
"US Embassy in Canada has custom M&amp;Ms"
"How I feel on reddit at times..."
"This isn't even my final form."
"Things change......"
"The cat has performed Inception....."
"Dressed up my dog"
"Correction. Pimpin IS easy."
"Macrodactyly of the hand"
"2 in the pink 1 in the stink ?"
"I think you have the remote... (X-post from r/creepy)"
"I present to you Hverfjall Crater in Iceland...Looks like its a picture of another world."
"Advertising vs Reality"
"How I react when I run into a happy person on Mondays:"
"WTF.. Semen Demon tattoo?"
"Shit Tyrone"
"Tyrone."
"Slow news day?"
"Wut"
"The morning after most drunken hook ups"
"Get them while they're young! xpost from r/halifax"
"Developers take note: this is how you win over the PC crowd."
"I love its face"
"My Bike! (x-post r/thewalkingdead)"
"Bring it on England. BRING IT ON."
"Just a monocle'd bear with a top hat riding a laser-eyed Lincoln."
"Whenever I submit something that gets downvoted to oblivion."
"This fucker looks smug..."
"So my friend drew eyebrows on her Chiwawa"
"You were saying?"
"Instant boredom cure...just add eyebrows!"
"A chipmunk  in the snow."
"Easy  breezy  beautiful  cover squirrel"
"My otter half"
"Seems legit"
"Seems legit"
"I bet all cats think of this"
"run for your lives!"
"This would have been fun"
"I wish i was creative enough to even think about doing something like this."
"Justin Bieber Trolled"
"Ah yes  the classic..."
"Darwinistic pacifistic graffiti"
"$100 USD vs $100 CAN"
"a happy stoat"
"Kermit Gives Zero Fucks"
"Mickey's beat machine"
"'merica in the eye of the storm."
"YOLO!"
"My favorite .gif ever"
"After my first visit to r/itas"
"25 years of The Legend of Zelda."
"Resident Evil 6 cover... does anyone else noticed the dude blowing a giraffe?"
"A black scientist's most proud discovery."
"Whenever people start to spoil TV shows and movies I've been wanting to see..."
"Whenever people start to spoil TV shows and movies I've been wanting to see..."
"Clever Gir...Hey wait a minute..."
"My goatee isnt stupid"
"Love Problems"
"holy crap"
"I get knocked down"
"Why is the Truth so Tasty?"
"Mobius Loop"
"I played the shit out of this as a kid"
"I know it's no cat but I don't think i've ever awwed quite so much in my entire life."
"The mouth of a Leatherback Turtle  the largest of all living sea turtles."
"I do NOT want to get bitten by a leatherback turtle"
"fleshlight: hard mode"
"Beach_ball_owned"
"How I fell posting pictures of birds to /r/aww"
"High Five!"
"lucky people with cancer (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"I wish I had cancer...(xpost from /r/facepalm)"
"interesting thought"
"Saw this at taco bell"
"Saw this at taco bell [X-Post from r/WTF]"
"Spotted at Taco Bell [Fixed]"
"Based on a true story?"
"The Treadwall"
"amazing photo taken from a beach in Hawaii"
"A challenger for greatest album cover appears"
"I've hit a new low"
"My gay friend just sent this to me (A heterosexual male) Should I be running?"
"What's that ??"
"Cat Norris drop kicking baby"
"Ass..."
"Christmas Is About To Get Awkward..."
"Font. It matters."
"Autobot!"
"...No More"
"He got the skills."
"For my cake day I offer one of my favorite gifs"
"matt lewis (neville) should write this if he hasn't already!"
"Never thought i would find a .gif that perfectly explains how i feel getting and upvote on reddit [Repost]"
"I chuckled."
"Yes  I also love the Australian Male Christian President."
"Blow little guy! BL.. You're screwed..."
"Capital Sins...."
"Poor RoboCop..."
"How I felt when I realized I missed my one day to be a karma whore"
"How I feel on weekends."
"I photoshoped my dog Kirby into a pack a wolves."
"Scumbag Sally"
"He knows whats good for him"
"Well  this is by far my favorite wallpaper."
"Inspiration behind Hyrule Field."
"Mr. T mocks your moves"
"After a few hours on reddit  I think we all go like this"
"Guess the anxiety meds kicked in..."
"Starry Night - Vincent van Gogh -- now in 3D!"
"I want this. I want this right now."
"I should really get some sleep"
"How I Feel with All This Hurricane Sandy Talk"
"Go back  they fucked up!"
"IN THE FACE!"
"Trolling the FBI"
"My last post got its first 100 upvotes.."
"Saw this on Facebook today."
"Wait  what?"
"Anime Futurama"
"Big ass iPads"
"Misunderstood Slenderman"
"Banana Carvings"
"Banana Art"
"Some men...."
"Never let the man get you down"
"They are pretty damn fresh"
"After watching 'Evolution of the Alphabet' I click 'Random gif' and find this. lol wut"
"Hurricane Sandy ripped up some sidewalk near my house. My friend was able to put it to good use (x/post from r/skateboarding)"
"ive waited exactly one year to post this."
"PAY ME BITCH!"
"How I look when I get my first downvote on a post"
"Found 110 Feet Under Water. Scared The Crap Out of Me - Imgur"
"Reading the comments in any gonewild post"
"Shakesbear"
"Bears."
"searched my reddit name on google and this came up"
"Onions."
"Finishing a paper at 3:30AM"
"Living with two female roommates [FTFY]"
"Zero Fucks"
"I'm posting this hoping for some sauce."
"So I have combined these two gifs. The story is now complete."
"When I realized I missed my cake day by a day."
"The human &quot;grumpy cat&quot;"
"The $50 Lesson"
"Cat in a box"
"I know this Karma isn't real"
"My brain when I decided to start ready X-Men from Uncanny #1."
"A day at the spa"
"How I feel when the Random button takes me to r/Spacedicks"
"Double combo!"
"nice jogging style !!!!!!"
"Dude  look what i can do...SHIT SHIT SHIT!"
"i get slightly amused when my coworkers argue with each other"
"Can you show me how to get...how to get to Gotham City?"
"Dad is an Asshole"
"TIL Hawkings has felt zero gravity  which made me really happy."
"You guys from the State Fair of Texas don't worry  Big Tex is in a better place."
"Bitch please."
"Titanic starring Felix"
"Bitch please..."
"Bitch please!!"
"Celebrities photos with bikes Photoshopped out of them. (x-post from /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"This made me laugh harder than it should have"
"How I feel trying to make new friends at college after being in the same group for the last 4 years and being separated."
"Nice try  blue."
"The Last Sprite Supper."
"My favorite version of the last supper."
"Team Romney  Blasts off at the speed of light"
"Team Romney"
"Intergalactic Planetary"
"Every kitchen will have one of these in 50years. It's so modern."
"For the man who has everything"
"Mitt Romney's campaign is so dead..."
"Finding out President Obama did an AMA on Reddit. He chose HERE of all of places on the internet!?"
"I love my little derp"
"SpongeStan"
"Spongebobs just waitin'"
"They'll come"
"I laugh every time"
"The truth of Ski-hill difficulty ratings"
"Give me some food..."
"Terms and conditions  of everything."
"You're gonna like it here."
"The Highest of Fives!"
"Today I decided to install some dual 12 inch subs in my car"
"Just Installed some 12 inch subs in my car"
"Just installed two 12&quot; subs in my car"
"Living in the Dark Side  Loving in the Moon Light"
"It has been 1 year since....."
"Kitchen Ninja"
"Instant Karma"
"AND....I win"
"How I feel seeing my tax refund"
"How I felt getting my first post on to the front page."
"The Falcon Punch done right."
"When I found out that I could upvote by pressing ‘A’"
"Me after finishing my homework late at night."
"How I feel on mondays"
"[spoiler] The Dark Knight Rises in 5 seconds.... only more cogent"
"Shaved"
"When I Saw My Last Post Actually Got Upvoted"
"This just popped up in my Facebook feed. Almost everything I hate rolled into the one image."
"Welcome to my wall... (fb)"
"This shit has gone too far . . . [FB]"
"So my friend found this in his supermarket bought salad..."
"Damn tigers.."
"Weird [FIXED]"
"More celebrities  I guess. Emma Stone! Now in .gif form."
"Welcome to Dothan  Alabama. They're taking the news a bit harder than others."
"Mrs Marvel Cosplay"
"Who let the freshman in?"
"An honest teddy bear"
"After long time playing video games..."
"Dubstep"
"Modern Family"
"Wait a minute .."
"Giant Evil Roof Spiders in Seattle"
"88 MILES PER HOUR!"
"I used to read word up magazine"
"When I see a picture with a Memebase watermark on Reddit's front page."
"My Australian cousins asked me if we had squirrels in Canada  I responded with this"
"I have found yet another form of squirrel."
"Well... that was fast"
"How to kill a walrus"
"This is still my favorite gif."
"A simplistic  yet very accurate view of my beloved state (Ohio)."
"1/2 cup of aww!"
"GIF Sound is under rated. I present to you  the Jesus Camp Dinosaur Rave. Enjoy [8]"
"The beatles circa 1957"
"Nabisco  you are a genius!"
"When I submit a post to Reddit  even though I know no one will like it."
"Just enjoying a nice day of hunting!"
"naWWww"
"Dead 150 years  can't catch a break."
"Seems legit."
"Dat ash (xpost from .gif)"
"valentine's day is coming up...."
"Me when someone who got to see Batman at midnight told me the ending"
"YOU DARE DELAY BIOSHOCK INFINITE?!?"
"How I picture people who are freaking out about not being able to log into Diablo."
"Australian pizza orders.."
"My little cousin gave Adam Sandler a t-shirt  a couple weeks later this was spotted in US Weekly magazine"
"Do the windmill!"
"meet moose."
"Everytime I post something"
"HOLY FUCKING HELL..."
"How I feel when I said to myself the day before that I'd ask the girl I like out."
"And So It Begins.. The Greatest Battle of The Century"
"What could've driven him to do this? Such a shame."
"I've been saving these for 6 months  here's half of my .gif folder"
"Atheists Think.."
"Sour!"
"Well... okay than"
"Nom Noms"
"Put your finger in your ear and scratch"
"Improper dancing."
"Fantastic Little Buscemi"
"The worst wingman or the best wingman?"
"Contrast"
"Contrast"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks since 1998"
"I believe this belongs here."
"Guys... guys listen."
"Saw this today on the web…"
"Is she for real?"
"How my mornings feel"
"So true."
".bitch gets her own show.wat. the. fuck."
"Toddlers and Tiaras.... enough said."
"First thing that pops into my head. [FIXED]"
"Doggies are All That Remains"
"Obama and Gun Control"
"Sink full of cats - Imgur"
"Just A Sink Full Of Kittens"
"I heard you like cats in sinks"
"Missingno"
"what i think of whenever someone labels a post &quot;OC&quot;"
"Add this to my to do list"
"Utter despair"
"Googled &quot;random shit&quot; on images and this was the second entry... this summarizes addicted redditors"
"For giving us all Reddit..."
"When my parents walked in on me fapping"
"When someone walks in on some &quot;self-lovin&quot;"
"These Things."
"How the debate should have been settled"
"Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light  according to MSNBC"
"Something's off..."
"Phyllodes Imperialis  awesome looking caterpillar (x-post from r/creepy)."
"I am already afraid of caterpillars and then imgur gives me this..."
"Use a banana!"
"Reddit Police [FIXED]"
"Just your average redditor..."
"Nice shirt"
"you spin me right round baby"
"GODDAMN WINGS"
"If you never did this ..."
":D"
"Whose line is it anyways?"
"#swag"
"We lost Spider-man"
"Robert Downey Jr is impressed"
"You are not scared. You are an asshole. -Morgan Freeman"
"Much better holiday than Thanksgiving"
"&quot;Tanksgiven holiday for estudents&quot;? Close enough."
"Never half-ass two things..."
"Hey cat"
"Is this real life?"
"Not mine and probably a repost but...too cute"
"If only.."
"Don't mind me..."
"Every time I check for karma after I post something"
"Check out this spider's badass mobile home."
"That feeling you get when you're scratching a very satisfying itch."
"This cracks me up every time!"
"Disney already released a screen for Episode 7"
"Pretty in pink?"
"Be careful  she'll be plenty mad when she realizes that you took one of her shoe (xpost r/funny)"
"Being the only girl at a party"
"/r/gonewild"
"You sir  win this year's halloween costume contest."
"perfect?"
"Alien vs Predator"
"backyard hockey rink (x-post from r/pics"
"I've Been Lied To! And yet...I feel okay with it."
"When I find out about the Steam summer sales"
"Rivers making a beautiful pattern in the desert in Baja California  Mexico"
"Rivers flowing into the desert in Baja California; an inherent pattern of nature."
"Hardcore Kitty Mosh"
"Guitar Cat is crazy"
"Today  my friend received an email on his gmail account from a sender named &quot;GMAIL&quot;. Seems legit."
"So it was pretty windy today around town..."
"Hand Solo"
"Why Darth Vader needs power gloves"
"How I feel when someone pulls an April Fools on me."
"How I felt after discovering r/tall and finding out I'm really not very tall at all.."
"What Chinese netizens think of the new iPhone 5"
"When I found out you can lose Karma [Fixed]"
"Found this on my street  that should do the trick."
"Popular logos: first vs current"
"When people say &quot;lol&quot; in a real life situation."
"Three of the coolest humans on Earth."
"Ok I know what the first girl is doing  but what is the 2nd girl doing?"
"The epitomal fundie atheist: Brian Griffin (x-post /r/atheism)"
"&quot;Beep Beep&quot;"
"And so it begins..."
"I've never considered Lions as 'aww' material until now."
"A new angle on a historic moment."
"BOOP!"
"for my cakeday as a humble submission  I give you my favorite internet image as of yet"
"This image makes me smile every time I see it"
"There's no way like the American way!"
"Epic Death Metal Guy"
"one of the top gifs of this era"
"What happens every time someone tells me to &quot;Go with the flow&quot;."
"Dolphin punch"
"How I feel now that I have a decent amount of weights to lift."
"Gonewild popped up on my boss's laptop history when I typed in reddit"
"Found this gem. sorry if repost."
"A million gallons of fun"
"Are They Made Of Rubber?"
"Transformers"
"When i see the same repost on the FrontPage on the same month."
"The true passion fruit !"
"Ripe for the *icking. NSFW"
"Perfect sorting at the thrift store."
"Let's do this together..."
"Rock climbing photography."
"How I feel after recently getting laid for the first time in months"
"How i see 4chan flame wars"
"Fapsock"
"Is there any reason why I shouldn't shave my cat like this?"
"Strike!"
"Dating site troll."
"Hilarious but an asshole troll."
"So my friend got a college letter today...not what he expected."
"for nothing!!"
"Employee of the Month"
"A true employee of the month."
"You are here → (along with Jupiter and Venus)"
"You are here"
"Camping at a higher level"
"My banana!"
"One wish"
"OH  HAI."
"Like he gives a fuck."
"Screw random letters on Imgur. Found this on Stumbleupon..."
"some guy told us to get off his lawn me and my friend looked at him like this"
"Everday I'm zebra'ing."
"It's my cakeday and i'll dance if i want too!"
"My reaction when I accidentally click on an Omegle or Facebook link in r/funny"
"This is how I picture the locals see me  as a tourist  at the beach in hawaii.."
"You're less common than you think..."
"Please help me find my dawg."
"That's A Lot of Coffee For You  Little Boy."
"Time to die."
"every front page attempt"
"Taking r/nope back to its roots"
"Somebody get him a partner before he shoots up a school"
"Classic"
"Why God never received a PhD."
"I came across this on Facebook and it explains so much!"
"GET FUCKED!"
"Just found this little gem on facebook. Raged a little more than I should have."
"Ash hates Pikachu? I think not"
"The luckiest place in the world (xpost from /mildlyinteresting)"
"The most feared assassin [FIXED]"
"Kaaameeee..."
"My wife just told me to clean off the table  but that I didn't have to do it now..."
"Skateboarding with Jesus."
"The most interesting skunk in the world"
"So  what's your favorite pokemon?"
"GO GET YOURSELF AN AGGRON"
"My reaction when I went to /r/spacedicks"
"Meanwhile  in Russia"
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe..."
"Sometimes I photoshop my friends into popular internet pictures."
"So many hours went into this game when I was younger..."
"It's shit like that  smart design! [FIXED]"
"NASA Budget  in a nutshell"
"After a heavy night of drinking"
"Pixar Conspiracy"
"Satellite view of lake effect winter clouds in Michigan"
"Michigan's 'Lake Effect' photographed from outer space."
"After a night of heavy drinking  this is how I feel about every post."
"Lighter?"
"White tiger...."
"I'm sleeping with the light on lest the blackly dreams of a trillion screaming sinners... ah screw it you get the idea. Courtesy of ThunderGyra and myself."
"Meep."
"Don't Go To Bed!"
"We were told he is a Muslim. Turns out he is actually a monster."
"Christians  perhaps you should consider Odin worship."
"NORSE GODS ARE BEST GODS  obviously"
"Youtube Gold"
"Cat Norris"
"Some say he chases dogs  and water is afraid of him. All we know is he's not Chuck Norris  but he is..."
"The Internet is lot like.."
"This panda is a dick."
"Missing Tortoise!"
"I see your 2002 multiplayer and raise-"
"Hasn't even been 24 hours yet  and this is how I feel when someone mentions Diablo 3."
"'Merica!"
"Pinky..."
"Because i like it."
"Father of Reddits"
"I'M SO EXCITED!!!!"
"Someone is VERY excited"
"Yes  I did."
"Damn hippies"
"If this does arouse you  I don't know what will."
"FUN FUN FUN FUN!"
"How I feel when I post something and three seconds later it's already got a downvote."
"How I feel hopelessly studying the night before a midterm"
"I just Googled &quot;I just Googled&quot; and this was the 7th picture to come up."
"Poorly Placed Plant"
"Breaking Bad Season 6"
"I have to pee and this bitch wont stop talking..."
"&quot;I'm only gonna go on reddit for a minute&quot;"
"Who gave the green light for this movie? I mean really"
"The Cold Truth Behind Pokemon"
"Is this considered bestiality?"
"Watching my parents trying to use the computer."
"Peering back 13.2 billion years into the universe's past. Hubble Telescope provides deepest view of universe yet with new Extreme Deep Field image."
"Everything I believed in was a lie"
"Airport security"
"My reaction to discovering r/cringe just an hour ago"
"Googled my real name in several different variations. This kept coming up."
"thank god for good parents"
"Big eyes baby sloth"
"Whenever I play Civilization V and my workers are on automate  this is who I believe is telling them what to do."
"It can wait"
"My first attempt at this"
"Aaron Cater"
"Hey  Wolf..."
"Someone forgot to bring their fucks to the library"
"I don't like House but  this I couldn't agree more"
"I should probably remember this before I kick off the next religious Facebook argument. But I probably won't..."
"If You Could Reason With Religious People..."
"Three-Legged Dog"
"Welcome home"
"Every Damn Night"
"Has reddit not seen this? A glass toaster (hopefully not repost)"
"It exists!"
"The reason people on here are atheists"
"After Jesus being on the front page  I thought I could share this."
"so fucking true!!"
"something to keep you up tonight."
"Getting yelled at in college by a professor whereas in high school I would burst into tears"
"Yeah  a Category 1 is still a hurricane. A scene from Baltimore City."
"Real-life dollhouse in NYC  courtesy of Sandy."
"Just WTF.... O_O [NSFL]"
"Sometimes I do too."
"APPROPRIATE"
"Mondays."
"cat wants it's teddy"
"MINE!"
"Kitty wants to Cuddle"
"Kitty wants to Cuddle (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Cutest hug ever!"
"Tell me abt ur sandy."
"With the upcoming election  I feel I should address Obama's darker side..."
"So there's this. No good title for it..."
"Is this considered wtf?"
"A new milestone in art history"
"Not really keen to meet the neighbours..."
"browsing /new/"
"Spider-Man Goes Fast"
"Russian March"
"No post on Sundays..."
"Well that's one way to catch the bus [NSFW  DEATH]"
"Too soon?"
"How to make Hurricane Sandy safe..."
"How pandas will become extinct."
"will always be my favorite gif"
"THE FUZZY"
"Me and my wife were picking a color for the walls today..."
"Just Some Puppies With Santa Hats On"
"McKayla Maroney Dancing"
"They're going to extreme lengths now.."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Colorclash (Paint war in Berlin) [xpost from r/woahdude]"
"Gotta love Memphis."
"Kiss the Cook"
"Kiss the Cook"
"What?! Wanna fight bitch?!?!"
"Come at me  bro"
"Take a minute and relax."
"To the person who just goes through and downvotes all posts"
"When someone says &quot;GG  carried these noobs&quot;"
"What happens on january 18th"
"How i feel everytime internet shuts off."
"Basically"
"The Oatmeal always makes me laugh."
"This time it's personal"
"Dora has had enough."
"Ron Swanson's Pyramid of Greatness"
"Its been over 200 years  and as a Canadian I'm not sorry (:"
"So true."
"A high school junior's class project on Barack Obama...I fear for the future."
"swag"
"Which is it Obama?"
"Obama caught red-handed again!"
"Theirs about to be a ton of Jaws films in the next 3 years"
"I relate to this guy"
"Whatcha thinkin' about?"
"Whatcha thinkin bout?"
"Non-fiction bible"
"When I see a girl out of my league"
"Fucking Penguins. [Fixed]"
"He wanted to get married... He chose the best"
"Every day is a bad hair day"
"Fireball over Northern UK this evening (cameraphone pic)"
"ThreatDown: Bears!!"
"Toy soldiers"
"Spongebob Squarepants is the spawn of the devil!"
"Trolley line catches a ford in Russia"
"First time spear fisherman"
"Dog-Ragefaces!"
"Getting ready to go out"
"Gets me every time."
"Whenever my friend makes a funny racist joke  but doesn't say &quot;No Offense&quot;."
"First attempt at IMGUR game. I don't even..."
"Just WTF found this on Imgur randomizer"
"Get the hell away from me!"
"As a language nerd this always cracks me up"
"Ice growing out of a rail..."
"Finally home after shopping like mad on the steam sale while on vacation"
"A friend of mine found this on her car after an attempt at parallel parking."
"Posting this  posting that. And when I want to check out how I am doing... this."
"You boys in a gang or something?"
"I raise you my funny teacher name."
"This rap shit would be hard."
"I work in the Alaka tourism industry  this is how i feel every time the Disney Cruise Ship stops in."
"mini gif dump! (do you know where can I upload all 308 gifs? imgur did not let me!)"
"I'm gonna take a wild guess and say the owner is a crazy cat lady"
"I just searched Google for 'The Best Picture on the Internet'. Here is the top picture."
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"Childhood destroyed"
"This popped up on my News Feed."
"I searched for &quot;holy crap a velociraptor&quot; and this was one of the results."
"Cool optical illusion: stare at the &quot;+&quot; and watch the circles change color &amp; disappear."
"Keep staring at the plus sign without blinking and prepare to have your mind fuck with you."
"Status Clouds in Iceland"
"sometimes FB does have something good"
"this made me laugh a lot"
"Falcon Version of Puppy Dog Eyes"
"I'm just going to chill right he-AHHH!"
"Boraccho!"
"Borracho!"
"Every time I watch The Lion King with my daughter"
"Photo taken with flash"
"It's as old as the internet  but it still gets me EVERY time"
"If you don't plan on sleeping tonight..."
"Chopping wood[NSFW]"
"Chappelle's Show got it right 9 years ago."
"And older song but now relevant again"
"The Rapture (X-post from /r/Lasvegas)"
"I'll just leave this here"
"I'm not sorry"
"Early"
"My girlfriend told me with a straight face that she missed her period. Then I looked at today's date."
"Bear with extremely long tongue."
"How I Feel The Entire USA Feels About The NFL At The Moment"
"This was almost too easy"
"Yup there Clouds"
"How I feel when my post goes completely ignored."
"My friend just updated his cover photo."
"My friend just updated his cover photo  thought you guys would enjoy it."
"So that's how he travels around undetected..."
"I don't even"
"A summary of my sex life"
"They see me rollin  they hatin'"
"Rejected"
"In a word-- Cool."
"Sleepy otters"
"I Need An Adult..."
"How I feel getting on Reddit for the first time all day today."
"Coming back to r/funny after a few days and seeing this &quot;Doomba&quot; crap."
"Logging into World of Warcraft after having not played since Vanilla..."
"...I have no memory of this place"
"Apparently I missed something..."
"Went to go see The Hobbit  came out and..."
"An unexpected side effect of the 2010 flooding in parts of Sindh  Pakistan  was that millions of spiders climbed up into the trees to escape the rising flood waters..."
"BRO!BRO!!"
"What Is Love?"
"How very unfortunate"
"Nigel Patrick Harris"
"Dont grow up! its a trap!"
"Oh the feeling of corn.."
"Party Hard [Fixed]"
"Wizards among us"
"I don't even...wow"
"It's about time McDonalds catered to us."
"Anderson Cooper using a human shield to escape a sticky situation"
"Finger painting done right."
"how I feel on my first cake day!"
"Just two baby elephants in a pool"
"How I feel when you guys don't give my posts a chance."
"Sometimes it's just too easy."
"The BEST cat gif I have seen EVER"
"Too soon Youtube?"
"Scumbag Youtube ad"
"Scumbag Youtube"
"Marketing at its finest."
"Yeah  Susan is supposed to edit those for me"
"look closely."
"Interspecies love  farm-style."
"Now look closely."
"You had one job!!"
"CUTEST GIF EVER"
"&quot;Duuuude..the floor..it's all bouncy!&quot;"
"That's one way to handle a street preacher...(x-wtf)[NSFW]"
"Now this man has the right idea about how to deal with sign-holding &quot;Christians.&quot;"
"awesome facial distortion"
"All rocks go to heaven."
"Know that feel  bro."
"Dont even think about taking Chun-Li's purse"
"Chuck Norris!"
"Every time I click to view comments that say 'comment score below threshold'"
"She likes to count sheep to fall asleep"
"No Gimli!"
"Every time i apply deodorant."
"Perfect Timing"
"saw this the other day... words cannot describe how funny this is to me!"
"Put. It. Down."
"Choo choo. I'm a train!"
"The great wall... truly an amazing pic"
"When I booted up Dig Dug on my arcade machine for the first time in years and heard the theme."
"Patty Cake"
"Googled &quot;kill it with fire&quot; was not disappointed [Fixed]"
"Soft Taco (NSFW)"
"corn beef curtains. NSFW"
"The biggest mullets can be found in the smallest places"
"You Only Live Twice"
"Austria’s Green Lake  only so for 6 months of the year due to melt water."
"Dr Obamkenstein"
"Just Chillin'"
"Nooo! not our butts!"
"That's one weird kiss..."
"Nice try good sir."
"Food Chain"
"Hewoh?"
"My life goal"
"If Walter White had a dog."
"CHOLO"
"I like people who's names tell short stories..."
"Happy birthday  walrus! Aww  you shouldn't have."
"How it feels when I shave with acne."
"...It's more common than you think! [pic]"
"Can't touch this"
"/o\ \o/ /o\ \o/"
"Let me play with you"
"This would have made a much better movie"
"Sitting next to my friend in class when the professor tells us to pick project partners"
"Figured this was a good place for this little boy. People seem to love Up references here."
"Carl Sherburne (Cell on Facebook) tells it like it is."
"The future of the iPhone!"
"I giggled."
"Party in the Land Of Ooo"
"Overly Attached...Wah?"
"I whip my hair.... OMFG"
"Something wicked this way comes (Pic. X-post from /r/WTF"
"Well this turned out QUITE different"
"Not exactly."
"How little did they know.."
"I wonder who photoshopped this hahaha"
"This guy has a drinking problem"
"Finland...Fuck yeah."
"deep sea eel... [FIXED]"
"Think your job is bad?"
"How I felt when my link hit the front page"
"Finally downloaded RES; this is how I'm feeling right now"
"How I feel when someone continues my argument on reddit"
"When I receive 4 upvotes within a minute of posting something."
"As a heterosexual male  this was my reaction when I heard that Beyonce was performing at the Superbowl halftime show"
"How I feel finally breaking 1 000 karma"
"Just a young male and his bearded cuddle buddy."
"Story of my life....."
"This gets me every time"
"spilt my hula-hoops in my coffee when suddenly..."
"My sentiments exactly."
"Only boring people take the stairs"
"Slavery problems"
"World Record for &quot;largest raft.&quot; They grabbed eachother's arms and linked themselves together. There's a total of 1902"
"A lot of Kayaks"
"So this exists.."
"I guess it is pretty convenient"
"Equality for All Genders (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Found this: Peacock in full flight"
"A flying peacock... you never see them this way."
"how i feel browsing reddit at this hour"
"Worlds Tallest Bikini Model"
"Whenever I join a TF2 server and kids are talking with their mics."
"Me after walking to my local basketball court and seeing 4 black guys dunking."
"Whenever I log on Diablo 3"
"Whenever Random takes me r/spacedicks"
"Pretty much every Diablo 3 player right now..."
"Simba was worried about my move to Pride Rock  I sent him this picture."
"Canada's Shorts (x-post from /r/Canada)"
"awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww"
"When I watch the GOP debates and I've come to realize we are approaching to this"
"How I feel on a Friday night."
"TASER HIM JOHN!!! FOR GOD'S SAKE  TASER HIM!!!"
"War....it changes a man."
"Too soon?"
"Aaaaaaahhhhh....."
"How I feel coming home late to my parents house high  only to find them awake"
"Well reddit  its us vs. the world."
"please save me from the bullies"
"I let my 10 and 9 year old brothers borrow my iPod... a half hour later I hear &quot;mitchsorenstein  we're on reddit!&quot;"
"parkinsons"
"Who doesn't want Hello Kitty stuffed in a turkey for thanksgiving"
"Juggalos..."
"There goes my childhood..."
"If you get hit in the face by a plastic bag..."
"The Bat Face."
"And When We Fall...."
"He could really use an iPod..."
"Mp3 players are getting smaller and smaller"
"I choose you!! Wait..."
"My dentist wore this mask today"
"Highception"
"accidental cat kick"
"Why I pirate all my music and haven't bought a CD in a decade."
"My retort when people yell at me about torrenting"
"Me in the middle of having sex with a girl after a night of heavy drinking..."
"A hurricane one week  snow the next. Moving from Florida to New York:"
"bwaaaaaaah!"
"What You Should Do if You Ever Meet the President"
"When I run..."
"When someone doesn't use correct grammar:"
"No thought required for this mashup. [4:00]"
"Anyone else notice the acronym...?"
"This was posted on Romney's facebook page.... im not sure he noticed what was in the background..."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Danger boat"
"Lean Back"
"it's the sunglasses that get me every time"
"Old. This is getting old already."
"We all know it's coming"
"Brace Yourselves.."
"My reaction when I accidentally stood on my cats tail"
"Swag Activated!"
"Travel Photographer of the Year 2010 competition: winning entry. Picture by: James Morgan"
"This little guy melted my heart."
"Drugs anyone?"
"Posted this on Imgur. I laughed"
"Does anyone remember Stretch Armstrong?"
"Perseverance"
"Neighborhood Watch Program"
"I think it might be expired"
"So my friend bought some expired milk..."
"annoying but hypnotic"
"Wanna see impossible colors with a 3DTV?"
"Right-click anywhere on f7u12 and hit view background. My jimmies have been rustled."
"New England Earthquake 2012"
"4.6 Earth Quake in New England"
"Stay Strong."
"Just Survived the New England Earthquake!!"
"So there was a small earthquake in my area; My uncle posted this on Facebook"
"Maine's first earthquake in a very long time..."
"We will rebuild"
"Constant Cynacism"
"Overly attached.... wait  that's a boy."
"How I feel when a duplicate post gets more up votes than mine..."
"Well that wasn't too well planned out  now was it?"
"It's time to make a change "
"Why I am not a vegan..."
"To all the recent &quot;The resemblance is uncanny&quot; posts."
"When I go to /new in a bad mood"
"This guy's onto something."
"Only Hans Zimmer could form the background to this"
"When it comes to giant swords falling out of the sky  there is only one choice..."
"Rest in peace Steve Jobs"
"DO A BARREL ROLL!"
"Playing Dark Souls for the first time..."
"The hills!"
"After working on an essay for what seemed like hours"
"The Abimor"
"this guy again"
"Any vegetarians out there? We didn't forget about you."
"You got a little something there"
"Walk me  please"
"My dog is ready for morning walk  I just want to tie it.."
"So I was checking out Knobiknows' celebrity pics collection when my computer exploded."
"Its True"
"3 classy dudes"
"When my finals are finally over."
"Mortal Kombat: Prom"
"Ten days after attempting nofap"
"Just a yawning owl."
"A yawning owl."
"No thank you. I'll just meet you guys back in the car."
"Stop!"
"This always makes me laugh"
"One of the first pictures that made me cry because i laughed so hard"
"Lighting up."
"You sure that's the kind of party you want in your mouth?"
"Jackass bear"
"Is there a Nic Cage Subreddit?"
"They all face the same way except Lincoln... laugh  then feel bad... (apparently the source is cartoonist Jim Benton  but I couldn't find it on his website...)"
"A hijacker’s passport survived the inferno"
"How I feel when I see someone driving the same car as me..."
"Nuff said"
"I'm so fresh..."
"My old middle school staff has an awesome tradition for Halloween. This year? Star Wars"
"HIFW I see fake Facebook conversations appear"
"I'm a Ninja!"
"INCOMING!!! — Cute Overload"
"Not space but still awesome: 78 000 feet"
"Zombie body paint (NSFW)"
"I'm Going With Him"
"This is what happens if you take both the blue and red pill!"
"Morpheus ftw"
"Well...Fair enough"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED (again)]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED][FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED][FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Walters Laboratory"
"Bird Feeds Dog"
"New phone"
"The harsh reality"
"What happens in Chernobyl  Stays in Chernobyl"
"Drawings come to life"
"Ladies?"
"This killed me."
"No no... Oops  hell yeah!"
"furry wiener dog"
"This dog kinda looks like a..."
"this is why 4chan hates us."
"Best assignment ever."
"Me being from New York  and seeing all these post about us not having power."
"City of London from the airplane window"
"An incredibly lucky shot  this is not edited. 30 seconds sooner or later I would've missed it."
"The great white whale"
"Where Do i Get One?"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want now"
"Saw this at a store today..."
"Making a sexy gif just that little bit sexier."
"As a consistent restaurant go-er  I wish this was true."
"Liam is not a fan"
"Grandma..."
"MIND = BLOWN (Adobe DeBlur Technology)"
"Adobe DeBlur Technology"
"When people say the Seahawks only win against &quot;Bad&quot; teams"
"Tarzan  you player"
"Your Hits Amuse Me"
"Rawhide!"
"Ghost riders in the sky."
"Sure  I'll just click the dislike button."
"This just happened..."
"This is a daily occurrence for me. Anyone else?"
"The problem with browsing the front page"
"This happened to me last night..."
"Its my cake day. Am I doing it right?"
"Do tha stanky leg"
"How I feel leaving the office on a Friday"
"Faces (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Some posts are just not meant to have a title"
"I told my friend I was sad and he sent me this."
"Damn  this is one pissed off stick figure"
"A truly WTF gif [FIXED]"
"I really wish I had the words to fully describe this... [GIF] [NSFW]"
"So inspirational"
"Think they'll notice I gave the camera man a blowjob?"
"What it's like at 1 in the morning with school in a few hours.."
"Atheistzilla. Thought this belonged here. Sorry if repost."
"TIL: why mosquito bites itch"
"Usain Bolt vs The Incredibles."
"Nope."
"Best face swap?"
"Every semester"
"Y'know  just to make sure"
"How it happened"
"Good Ol' Calvin and Hobbes"
"Finger frack"
"It gonna be chilly tonight!"
"After a long night of drinking"
"Me (A g.i. bill supported  food stamp using  government health insurance needing student) whenever my super conservative friend tries to tell me about how Obama is ruining America."
"I'll save you!"
"I fucking love science!"
"How I feel turning 21 today..."
"Dunna dunna dunna dunna FATMAN!"
"The Epitome of Crazy Ex's (XPost  figured this really belonged in WTF)"
"I can't get money off of my mind."
"One thing I will never understand about other people's homes"
"At least once in your life on the Halloween."
"The first thing I thought of when I saw this gif"
"Perfect."
"Monsters by John Kenn - edited by /co/ (x-post from /r/4chan)"
"Why does this exist?!"
"Little Husky"
"It wasn't the best of birthdays"
"Anyone know if this works? Been seeing it around"
"Spaceghostspit.jpg"
"Unimpressed McKayla at the Dodger game"
"Can the Dodgers impress her?"
"Street Sharks  Meet the New Kid on the Block"
"OMG! SHARK!"
"The Dark Side of Meth - Meth not even once"
"This didn't get the credit it deserved on debate night (someone posted on fb)"
"Smurf Interpretation"
"When I show a new Ent a bong"
"There Science In This Shit!"
"A drawing that I think is awesome."
"Anarchy in the UK"
"This is how I feel about people who abuse their cakeday"
"How I feel trying to post something funny on my cake day"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ [god mode]"
"SHIT SHIT SHIT OH SHITTY SHIT SHIT"
"Chariots of failure"
"Nope"
"Poorly placed sign?"
"Nope"
"O hai there!"
"I learned about these guys on the Discovery channel today (snub-nosed monkey)"
"So i was talking to my friend the other day when"
"This was my favorite TV channel when I was growing up."
"Found this on my Fb feed..."
"Can we all shut up now?"
"Religion And Ethics"
"Now You're A Man"
"Tag you're it"
"Art comes to life."
"This popped up on my news feed... Happy Halloween I guess"
"If you need a nice Calvin and Hobbes background... look not further."
"RBSP Night Launch"
"What every girl loves..."
"I am Mrs. Nesbit"
"Different kind of spin."
"Wake Up"
"hunter s. thompson  john cusack  johnny depp  and a blow-up doll. raging hard- late into the night."
"Can someone please try this prank and let us know how it went. Possibly film it? I don't work in an office."
"Found this little guy while searching for random images..."
"Can rats be cute? You're damn right they can; especially when you give them a miniature teddy bear."
"This is how I browse reddit when I'm in a good mood"
"When I browse Reddit drunk"
"Chug this and then toss it into the thermal exhaust port."
"Frugal living in the city."
"Have no Fear"
"Shady"
"I made the face."
"Windows XP's bliss wallpaper  re-photographed in 2006"
"Picture The Movie Teeth But With The Roles Reversed"
"3...2...1..GGGGOOOOAAALLLL"
"This is my background [7]"
"really disturbing....i don't know why"
"This takes a certain special kind of stupid"
"So my school burned down today..."
"naptime"
"Amazing Apple Photography [OC]"
"Redditor problems"
"oooh...modern family"
"A jarring realization."
"This picture was taken out of my dad's NYC apartment today."
"what did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?"
"That must have hurt"
"Um... ow?"
"Who says it's too big for me to carry?"
"What ill be telling myself all Movember"
"Bitch stole my fish."
"So this is how my first cake day went"
"Don't know why this made me laugh so hard"
"Bunk bed wizard"
"Injury+Insult"
"How I felt after re-watching &quot;Batman and Robin&quot; since I was little"
"So I wanted to see what the hype was about in r/spacedicks."
"How I feel every time I decide to finish in a messy fashion"
"Anytime I eat an entire handful of jellybeans"
"Every time I get a haircut"
"So I tried cutting my own hair today..."
"Went to Wowomg.com for the first time..."
"After checking the politics forum on Craigslist in southern Texas:"
"For Gordge"
"Winter Kayaking"
"This fucking guy"
"Statue of Liberty Construction - Bartholdi's Parisian Warehouse Workshop ca. 1883 [1 163 × 812]"
"Father dog and his tobacco pipe."
"Sleeper puppies... Attack!!!!"
"How it feels replacing my upvote with a downvote"
"Hug a cactus!!!"
"When you see it..."
"it's kinda late to notice it now"
"Captain  we may have a problem."
"EPIC"
"My and Reddit's reaction to Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"How I feel as a Conservative on r/politics"
"How to defeat a random boner in class"
"Canadians"
"Too soon?"
"Too soon?"
"Don't eat me!"
"nom nom nom once again"
"Boondock Saints Vs. Edward Cullen"
"Saw this in /r/gifs  thought here would be a nice home"
"After waiting all week for Diablo III and the servers are busy..."
"Men vs. Women: A Venn Diagram"
"Ohhh yeahhhh..."
"My face when I found out Brady Hoke is a redditor"
"What is seen on the chalk board"
"Mobile first world problems"
"When you have hardly any service and this fuckin screen stays on for like 10 minutes...."
"When the clock strikes midnight and No Fap September ends..."
"No fap September ends"
"The most awesome tattoo of all time"
"Poetic"
"As long as people are sharing &quot;This always makes me laugh&quot; pics...."
"Watch this pen disappear in 3..2..1.."
"Mistakes into Miracles"
"How I stay on reddit 24/7"
"How I show Reddit to my friends"
"I give you the Redditor Apparatus"
"Taking myself for a walk"
"When my bosses want me to work overtime"
"A repost of my post got more karma than me..."
"Even in the White House..."
"I dont feel comfortable talking to my neighbors anymore..."
"How I feel about the Presidential Race"
"Hope my kids are like this."
"The Kenny G affect"
"Overly Attached Facebook"
"(x-post from /r/funny) Presents opening children"
"Clinton 83"
"Baby Owl"
"MFW When someone says wiener instead of hot dog"
"I know this is a repost but this is my online dating experience."
"Trippy O_O"
"The first hipster of my childhood"
"Before the internet"
"Cute monkey"
"Cute monkey"
"....and shirt goes up."
"How I see most internet arguments."
"After being here a while and getting past 50 karma  this is how i feel"
"Surprise Tests"
"my favorite breaking bad gif"
"&quot;OHHH SNAP!&quot;"
"How most of my submissions to reddit go."
"Whenever I try to make my own memes."
"Sir? Which way..."
"This is probably a bad sight to wake up to in the middle of a hurricane"
"reddit right now..."
"Me trying to understand twitter"
"Found this on my friends facebook  thought it belonged here"
"Did you just say..."
"Whale Tail Slaps Bird"
"cat-avatar"
"merica"
"Mlk would be so proud"
"Can't tell if excited or murderous."
"My halloween costume this year!"
"I thought this would be fitting for reddit"
"As an Australian seeing all these American &quot;heat wave&quot; posts."
"Just a transsexual couple giving you a wave."
"Ok so I think we should all take a moment to acknowledge the fact that this cat is dancing to the same beat of the song about pussy. I'm done."
"Reddit in a Nutshell."
"'The pale blue dot' the last image taken by voyager 1  now 11billion miles from earth and about to leave our solar system"
"I see you're a gangster..."
"How I act when my friend shows me his clogged toilet that I clogged."
"BOOGA BOOGA BOOGA"
"JUdas was odd"
"4chan did it again..."
"Ni**a Please - NSFW"
"The love between a boy and his cat ... kind of."
"This is Australia"
"Clever bathroom vandals"
"I bet it was awesome.."
"How I feel as a UK Redditor during Hurricane sandy"
"He had a long day."
"Aqua Tiger"
"Okay... I legitimately CANNOT think of a name for this one... but this is DEFINITELY where it belongs...[NSFW]"
"I found this on my 10 years old sister."
"Meanwhile in Switzerland"
"How I feel when my friends tell me about their recent surgeries."
"The result of horse incest (FIXED)"
"Ain't no party like a Mario party"
"The True Dragonborn"
"NANANANANA BADASS!"
"Damn nature you scary"
"shaved bear = gargoyle"
"A bear without it's fur...oh hell no."
"Bath Time!"
"Please Follow Me"
"Ray?"
"This is pretty accurate..."
"alligator ride"
"how i felt when i found out about the HNL lockout"
"You guys brothers?"
"Me nearly at the end of &quot;the legend of korra&quot;"
"Water"
"Missed the view."
"He missed the view..."
"Hey... Hey excuse me... Can I has attention?"
"Uhm.. E-excuse me..?"
"Psy's Berklee College of Music ID"
"The collective nerdgasm at my local theater on Avengers opening night."
"reddit on October 1st."
"How I'm gonna look after September is over"
"&quot;just keep swimming&quot; never meant so much."
"March of the Penguins 2: Takin' Back the Streets"
"So this just popped up in my wife's Facebook feed. I present to you  a placenta teddy bear."
"They're Grrreat!"
"Lifespan of a Tree"
"Being OBSESSED with space  mfw I realized I missed the meteor shower!"
"Its never too late..."
"This isn't even its final form."
"Down 4 my N's"
"Oh hey Gromit..."
"Stereotyping Mode: On"
"Hey guys  I can see candlejack in this fi-"
"What I see when I try to explain to someone what each button does in NFL Madden 13."
"Feeding The Kangaroos"
"Super Ref"
"How I heroically kill spiders for my girlfriend."
"One for the ladies"
"Hindenburg Disaster GIF"
"Two lesbians by a door"
"For Christ's sake"
"I believe..."
"♪Think about it every night and day  just spread my wings and ♪..."
"My life represented in a gif: Part 2"
"Realizing my cakeday is 12/13/12..."
"This isn't funny."
"Their tree dog started to grow"
"Hey Arnold trololol"
"Anon loses virginity!"
"What I'd like to do to every fucking stupid cat picture on Reddit:"
"In tribute to 9/11"
"Skynet"
"Even Siri knows she's lacking"
"What happens when I ask Siri to turn off my music at 2 am."
"Siri surprises me... This popped up on my newsfeed."
"This is how I feel about those European roundabouts sometimes"
"Balls of ste....no balls of diamonds!"
"Reddit  I present to you on my cake day  the gif that never fails to make me laugh."
"My friend's neighborhood- Ghetto city"
"Seriously considering putting this on a shirt."
"I think I'll eat a crocodile today"
"Cant Wait."
"That moment when your dick is tickled!"
"Worst one of these I've seen"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Please Nintendo."
"Trying to boot into windows safe mode"
"My face when I'm browsing /r/terriblefacebookmemes/"
"You gotta work for it."
"this version is more relavent to today's society"
"thermogram of a human fart"
"Best facebook page ever..."
"Beautiful gecko caught on camera at night"
"/r aww needs more geckos"
"How I feel after successfully shaving my balls"
"this fits well..."
"My life."
"The truth hurts"
"He broke his one rule"
"So... I've been playing plague inc. Could it be a warning?"
"how long have you been there?"
"as the world turns"
"Party Hard Like a Goat"
"My initial thought upon playing Ocarina of Time as a child"
"Its just so...amazing..."
"What... The... Fuck?"
"Winning an argument against my mom."
"Christmas in August"
"What a dubstep bass drop looks like"
"Vin and Brownboy getting new GPU's"
"Behold My Final Form"
"Drake Passage  Antarctica"
"This accurately describes my situation"
"How I end every Youtube comment argument."
"I believe my argument is indeed valid"
"NICE SHOT!"
"Bert and Ernie (Sesame Street)"
"Incredible photo of the Japanese army during the floods last year"
"Go home ketchup robot. You're drunk."
"After I realize there is no toilet paper in my stall"
"Oh my...how interesting."
"It's all about ad placement"
"This is the most fucked up thing I have ever read  I don't know how to react. Probably fake but WTF."
"Viva la Resolucion"
"I know im not the only one..."
"A kid's first day on the Internet."
"Jumping elephant..."
"Every single time I hear someone refer to Hurricane Sandy as &quot;Superstorm&quot; Sandy..."
"Me on r/ImGoingToHellForThis"
"Snakes  okay. Spiders...."
"When the power is out and your parents tell you to go into the pitch black basement to get a flashlight."
"The Beatles  feat. Yoda"
"To anyone who claims that people are &quot;wasting their vote&quot; by voting for third party candidates."
"How I feel when my GF brags about her Reddit posts doing better..."
"The definition of &quot;trouble&quot;"
"drying my nails after painting them"
"tiny wild beast"
"Anon takes his pigeon to GameStop"
"ta dah"
"i guess this is a thing now..."
"How I felt this morning when I woke up with no hangover"
"Now I can take my cat anywhere"
"rock n' roll"
"I think I would have exploded if I had had this as a kid (x-post from r/awesome)"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Soccer leads to a gay bar"
"May the force be with you"
"Forever Alone level: Liz Lemon"
"THIS is how you wipe a country off the map..."
"A resident of Kyoshi gets into an argument with the corner of a house and loses"
"Mesmerizing."
"where can i order?"
"The scariest game in history..."
"When my comments get downvoted to nothing."
"there goes my childhood"
"Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned."
"Imma bite you!"
"the Halloween Cat Bat"
"Roll like a 24"
"Halo 4 Leaked Discs (No I do not have them.)"
"Any NSFL link ever."
"After clicking on my last /r/wtf post this was my reaction. Im sorry leaving /wtf. Shits too heavy."
"When someone down votes a post I like"
"When I meet a girl who doesn't get high"
"If the Eiffel Tower was a Flower..."
"Professor said 'All straight men  straight girls  gay girls and gay guys want to have sex with Angelina Jolie.' Guy pipes up 'No they don't'. I wasn't sure how to respond  but I thought this"
"Good point!"
"cookiemonster!"
"Discovered while replacing random letters on imgur URLs...wth is this?"
"But Felix found it in the ocean..."
"I love you  you love me..."
"Love the asterisk !!"
"Please don't die..."
"Amazing long exposure photos (from internet)"
"Epic Duel"
"Fucks? I have but none to give!"
"Atheism v. Christianity on the front page?"
"Why do you have to make me feel this way  finals?"
"Any room for a flying corgi?"
"Can't Touch This"
"Always makes me smile"
"Google searched &quot;Best picture ever&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"This would be my retreat..."
"Kit. Kat. Lasagna"
"These are by far the most adorable creatures in gaming's history."
"Australia's favourite dessert"
"Cosmic knees-up"
"Afghan selling oranges out of his car."
"Mom get your shit together!"
"I fear neither death nor pain (X-Post /r/onetruegod)"
"Cat's are the only ones you can trust to be honest."
"Space shuttle surfacing at the clouds - Richard Silvera"
"Terror in his eyes (GIF)"
"Is this the original LOLcat?"
"What's delaying my dinner  human?"
"closer.....closer........CLOSER......ALMOST GOT IT..........................................dammit."
"This is a stickup"
"My cousin posted this on Facebook... sign placement WIN."
"Nice Parenting"
"Just a dog dressed as an AT-AT"
"I never though anything with gummie worms would belong here [NSFW]"
"staring into your soul"
"I didn't chose the thug life  the thug life chose me"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Obama Single Ladies"
"Good Job 'Merica"
"The tables have turned.."
"My girlfriend told me she wants kids..."
"Pharaoh's Serpent"
"Pair of Tits = Karma?"
"''I love Harry Potter  but Lord of the Rings is soooo boring''."
"Attempted Murder."
"I give you the original Slender Man."
"cutest thing ever...."
"Can't agree more with this after watching Snow White and the Huntsman"
"goose sandals"
"The Trustworthiness of Beards"
"October 31st: they're coming."
"So i sez to da brod"
"So we meet again..."
"So We Meet Again!"
"Looking at the reflection"
"Breakin' the Ice  Navy style."
"lmao..."
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man.(x post /r/facepalm)"
"A Touching Tribute"
"What it feels like being told you have a major test and not studying at all for it"
"Welcome to the NFL"
"call of duty logic"
"I'm sure this will get you all riled up..."
"Oh  you know  just chillin'."
"Since dinosaurs in survival games seem to be the hot topic right now  I just thought I'd remind everyone."
"Totally crazy idea guys  but go with me on this!"
"Omegle Rage"
"Why do we need trucks?"
"Fuck you!"
"How I feel on my most successful post being on r/poop"
"The most delicious cheese of all."
"best slide ever"
"Cringe Now."
"this guy gives no fucks."
"Nobody is above envy"
"Easily one of the best reaction gifs I've ever seen"
"not so manly Ron Swanson"
"Shit just got real"
"Squirrel Parkour?"
"Found this in the physics department..."
"I live in the seaweed you've touched."
"This sign says what all of us think."
"I bet this is the best joke this person will ever make."
"Russian Roulette"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"I don't know what to do with this cat I found..."
"Whenever I stop playing Skyrim"
"What Reddit is like"
"The sad truth Reddit  the sad truth."
"Oh frank.."
"Epic Beard Time"
"Le Rage Comic"
"The Circles of Life"
"Apply cold water to the burnt area"
"Found in a London tube station"
"Smurf Daddy Strikes Again"
"The WORST type of person!"
"Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"Best use I have found for bulldog clips"
"Ferncer Ferst"
"Socially awkward penguin on love"
"Guy who looks like a thumb"
"Go on  have a fag!"
"George Costanza's idea of Photoshop"
"I'm a cruel person..."
"this is how i feel every time i walk into a spiderweb"
"Prepare yourself"
"hardboiled vagina egg"
"Can't Wait For London 2012!"
"Whenever I see a post from /r/depression that got upvotes"
"Didn't realize one of my favorite pixar movies  the Incredibles  was so political..."
"Googled wtf and found this!"
"I'll only buy the new Iphone if this is a feature..."
"Gary Spivey"
"Keep firing assholes"
"How I feel when I get one answer right on Jeopardy."
"Grumpy cat's casting call"
"Went on a date last night. I was a Grumpy cat this morning.."
"I'm pretty sure this WTF  i mean the guy in yellow alone..."
"Not Sure Whats Going On Here"
"Team work!"
"I am now a Donor."
"Flappy face."
"Free moustache Rides"
"Who wants a mustache ride??"
"The Real Reason behind Bane's Mask"
"Not sure how to celebrate my cakeday..."
"Dat feel."
"Well that backfired"
"bad sticker placement"
"I kinda wish I could do this."
"Hand Job (SFW)"
"This is my kind of spa day."
"What I got for Christmas this year..."
"what is this from??"
"I just missed my Cake Day by a few hours..."
"Stupid Elevator Rides..."
"So true..."
"So fucking tired of girls making the duck face."
"The ultimate duck face (xpost from r/wtf)"
"&quot;Maria  call the sign guy&quot;"
"Like a boss?"
"i have no idea who r u ?"
"When I see how much these get upvoted."
"One word- Bill Murray."
"You can have your lap giraffe  while I'll be waiting for my house hippo"
"Derp."
"Rusted Vito"
"Rainy Noire"
"Perfect with a glass of whiskey"
"Cinematograph"
"What are you doing? (X-post from /r/funny)"
"For those of you who have never seen it  amazing picture of solar eclipse over bangkok."
"Mike's Hard Lemonade? That shit's for puss.... oh god!"
"Apple Maps development team"
"I heard its cold/rainy in the UK and they want ice cream cones  here's the solution"
"The Diablo 3 server's reaction to me trying to play at release"
"I live in a small town and my friend asked me what I do for fun"
"Mad World."
"Gaben's favorite book as a child."
"How I want to spend the rest of the Fall."
"Genderbending: Hugue Lauri"
"This has been my favorite comic for years."
"Sir  Please..."
"Goodbye  street view"
"Arrested During a Haircut"
"Poor David Davis."
"White people problems."
"I must"
"Just a Bulldog Horse."
"So majestic..."
"But daddy I'm scared!"
"Anyone else still waiting for a sequel?"
"Canadian Football Halftime"
"Happy Valentines r/Gaming!"
"I am currently shoe shopping with my girlfriend and her roommate."
"What it feels like when a re-post gets more upvotes then the original."
"Wii-U commercial alerted me to this gem."
"For my cake day  one of my favorite pictures from the internet."
"I found Gragas IRL"
"Physics! [GtA]"
"Resting tiger in Bali"
"Happy Independence Day! Lets not forget what America is about."
"Vego the Purrable"
"Fucking flowers."
"Drug smuggling fail  should have payed attention in maths class ese..."
"Maine earthquake 10/16/2012"
"We will rebuild."
"After another tiring Christmas season  the department stores start getting a little cranky."
"A friend and I created this. Thought that you would appreciate it."
"Me with the Saints at 0-4"
"Just a hammock boat."
"Bitch steals ball from little girl"
"My kitten bear"
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"The failure of her logic astounds me."
"Meanwhile  in New York..."
"Map of the United States before the Civil war vs. Map of the United States 2012 Election"
"the best gif on the internet. the gif to end all gifs. gif."
"can you name them all?"
"I Challenge you to a duel!!!!!"
"Well then..."
"This little piggy...:-/"
"a handful of nope"
"Free pie."
"One kitten one cup"
"Cat in q cup holder"
"Oh  Queen Elizabeth  you're so silly"
"Every time I see a weeks old Reddit photo on a Comedy Central &quot;Tosh.0&quot; blog..."
"This guy is pretty photogenic"
"About those dragons..."
"Science v Religion"
"Bro Team Owl"
"ARE YOU MAN ENOUGH!?"
"This has been my source laughing for the past days."
"Always do this when my phone loses signal.."
"Love lion king hate cell phones"
"all day erryday"
"There is a small country called Niue. This is its currency."
"&quot;Did you vacuum today?!&quot; yelled the mother  I quickly fled to safety."
"How it feels when I wake up in the morning and there is all new content on the front page"
"How i felt when i discovered that Reddit was not blocked in China"
"I give you: Catfrog"
"My kitty likes to play dressup (:"
"Saw this on my FB feed...."
"Team Ratchet's blasting off AGAIN!"
"This parrot died happy..."
"Oh shit oh shit OH SHIT"
"How I look when I remember an embarrassing moment from my past."
"My favorite .gif from 6 years ago"
"People on Google today"
"Rave Dance Hillary"
"What did one ocean say to the other?"
"I miss summer already..."
"The Dark Knight Rises summarized in one gif. [SPOILERS]"
"I stumbled upon 4chan today"
"That awkward moment when..."
"I edited the YES gif to loop completely perfectly"
"On walking into Mordor"
"How I imagine the 99 percent of reddit"
"Stumbling upon unexpected tits."
"MFW I'm watching American Horror Story"
"It only takes round cards"
"Every man's secret weapon..."
"How badass is this? (x-post from r/pics)"
"Jacksonville Florida Shell has station has a Obama look alike mannequin being hanged."
"In light of the NC bill  I think this serves as a reminder for all of those people who strive to return to “traditional marriage.”"
"&quot;kittyman&quot;"
"CATMAN"
"obligatory cake-day cat repost"
"I thought of Ron Swanson"
"In case you're wondering if it snowed in Michigan Last night."
"Forever alone BJ [NSFW] possibly NSFL"
"It's the first .gif I've made from an online video. I'm pretty dayum proud of it."
"Five Guys customers all over America"
"Good thing I was always busy when reddit was down"
"me neither"
"Scumbag dumbledore"
"Neil Patrick Harris: a god among men"
"I found this as a mods signature on another forum."
"Well then."
"Hollaback Giraffe"
"Hey  Son. How are you today?"
"Don't ask me to explain. Because I can't. (X-post from r/pics)"
"The Scream of Edvard Munch"
"Surreal Beach"
"After hearing Hostess went out of business  I have never related more to this"
"Upon hearing that Hostess is closing their doors..."
"The Black Shadow"
"Still  after 100's of wallpapers  this is my favorite [fixed]"
"A controversial cartoon depicting an Agnostic."
"Let the photoshop begin"
"Posting to reddit..."
"The beginning is near"
"Finally somebody gets it right."
"Season's Greetings!"
"Uh yeah...ok."
"Season's greet..wait  wft?"
"I don't even know..."
"Smart girls and redditors have so much in common!"
"Hi Reddit  I've FINALLY finished this pixel art thingy that I started over a year ago. Hope you enjoy it!"
"Nyan Kitten"
"Dogs can't read."
"Here's something I didn't know about Nature."
"One day he'll learn."
"Sounds accurate for her....."
"Does anyone else remember this classic?"
"Soon...."
"Simply Reddit"
"A priest giving a man his last rites."
"Like a Dino-sir"
"I laughed."
"Dale with it."
"He is happy to see you"
"This job isn't for everyone..."
"A Near-Perfect Combination of My Sense of Humor and Buddhism"
"I cannot imagine the conversation leading up to this situation."
"Using imgur link generators is very... interesting."
"Woll Smoth"
"Let's install this shizzle"
"Oh Sheldon.."
"How I felt after unsubscribing from r/atheism"
"The Mech Warrior Online Dev team being awesome!"
"Oh youtube."
"How I feel as a Canadian (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Badass Aussie"
"Someone give this man an Oscar."
"Bringing the Party"
"&gt;that feel when /r9k/ is back"
"PTSDog"
"Posted for own purposes  no need to up/downvote"
"Back in the war..."
"Street performance"
"Creeper Colbert"
"That moment when your karma starts shooting up"
"Jesus is back for some revenge."
"Okay  Doc."
"Beard Slap"
"BEARD SLAP"
"Kitten nightmares"
"What a cat mom do when his baby are in nightmare..."
"mommy hold me"
"This isn't tuna.."
"bath time has commenced"
"Kat Williams is a Genius!!!!!"
"One song to rule them all."
"Tulips in Holland"
"I don't even..."
"Halloween is coming..."
"poor kid"
"It's a tradition!"
"Massage"
"How it feels when reddit distracts me from work. every. single. time."
"wzzat caek!?"
"With all the Battle Front III posts  I thought we could use a change."
"I see your wood art  and I raise you a cut down tree wood pile"
"Tensions mount between China &amp; Japan over Diaoyu Islands. Meanwhile  in South Korea... (x/post from gifs)"
"So Vogue"
"Farther than we've ever been before."
"What if I robbed the Kwik-E-Mart? [gif edition]"
"What a disappointment"
"When I heard my gorgeous co-worker say that she is now single and looking to get drunk tonight and rebound."
"Clicked &quot;Random&quot; on Imgur.com  Not Disappointed"
"How I feel so far  being new to Reddit"
"When I try to &quot;push&quot; past reposts and get OC to the front page"
"It's my cakeday  give me karma for my repost"
"Lets get it on"
"instant karma"
"Ordered a pizza. Have doubts about chef's skills"
"Rule 34 never seems to disappoint SFW"
"Dinosaur Party"
"When Huskies see bacon"
"Crazy bitch"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"His best role yet"
"Almost forgot!"
"How i feel as a conservative mormon on reddit."
"These need to come back......NOW"
"Edible Companion Cube"
"Edible Companion Cube"
"&quot;It is said that if you kill a man in the dead of winter  steam will rise from the wound. The native americans saw this as the soul leaving the body ;)"
"Family fun! (xpost from r/WTF)"
"The Most Astounding Fact."
"google imaged &quot;upvote&quot; and this was #1. ...i do believe i will."
"What my state is famous for"
"Facebook delivered for me today."
"Oh hey there lil' guy!"
"Pedo-Panda"
"Red Panda"
"Rawrrrr I'm a red panda"
"A Christian Downvote"
"We'll show those gnomes what' up!"
"And now for something completely different.."
"How big  really?"
"So I heard you guys liked powerful photos."
"Researchers dressed in panda costumes put a panda cub into a basket before transferring it to a new living environment at the Hetaoping Research and Conservation Centre for the Giant Panda in Wolong National Nature Reserve  Sichuan province  China"
"He keeps waiting quietly outside her home everyday  and goes walking together with joy when she comes out."
"This always makes me laugh"
"Is it old? Yes. Is it offensive? Yes. Does it make me laugh no matter what? You're goddamn right."
"Story of toys"
"For a second there I thought there was some incest going on [FB]"
"The greatest Facebook status I've ever seen on my news feed."
"Saw this and thought you ladies would like: Sir Ian McKellen"
"Lacoste"
"He has all my respect!"
"A great man. This came by on George Takei's newfeed. Buddhism is just fucking amazing."
"Brother from another Mother"
"Sometimes no votes are worse than downvotes  This is how it makes me feel"
"This cat seems fucking ecstatic"
"She Found It"
"Still my favorite L4D comic ever."
"Just two awesome dudes."
"When I found out I had to work a 9 hour shift on Labor day..."
"My reaction when my boyfriend &quot;accidentally&quot; ejaculated on me."
"Thanks for supporting science with me  Reddit"
"Well Played..."
"have i given the ultimate gift or ruined a man?"
"I hate 16 year olds"
"How I feel as an European waking up with Reddit still online"
"I just discovered Arrested Development. This is how I feel."
"Bedsheet for Boys"
"Hey  driver! Hold up man  I really wanna get on the bus!"
"Boxception"
"And now I'm sad"
"Want some salad?"
"Inspidered"
"I haven't seen a more perfect kick in my life."
"Doctors."
"How to put on a pair of jeans"
"My face when my friend asks if I'm sober enough to drive."
"I am the liquor!"
"Lance Armstrong Books"
"Sydney library sticks it to Lance Armstrong (x-post from Australia)"
"Saw this at my local library..."
"Guess what year this picture was taken..."
"What do they all have in common!?"
"Spaghetti through a sausage lifehack"
"&quot;I'm going to do my best to bring jobs back to US&quot;...except hat making jobs. Those go to China."
"For my 1st cake day  I submit the top 20 dog GIFs of all time."
"meanwhile in Australia"
"It should be mandatory that all tights display this"
"Video games you wish they'd make  #12"
"Pizza delivery used to be so much more classy"
"Never going to my uncles house after this happened!"
"Rest in peace  big man."
"Double dose of awwww"
"When ever I stand up to a bully"
"Poland  the night before"
"The carpool will arrive in one hour"
"What I Do Just After I Beat A Clan Of Cocky Loudmouth Kids Playing SND"
"Squirrel in snow"
"A karma machine we can all agree with."
"Best Hulk costume ever."
"instant thought"
"I only wish I could have take out those inane random lyrics."
"What Bane does in his free time."
"We can dance."
"Bane Wupped Bat Man's ASS!"
"This gif is perfect for so much stuff its unreal."
"Jolene  Jolene  Jolene  Joleneeee  I'm begging of you please don't take my (Bat)man."
"Bane knows the word"
"Anyone remember this fellow?"
"ITAP of a natural pixel shadow on window blinds after rain."
"Lumia 920 vs. iPhone 5"
"Remember egypt  this is how to occupy!"
"5 more minutes..."
"Every time I try to dance to Dubstep"
"Optical illusion for the ears."
"i rodmbl bagadha"
"I thought this would go here  I could be wrong  but it's worth a read. Puts things in a different perspective  doesn't it?"
"As Long As We're Sharing Pictures of Our Fathers  Here's Mine"
"so uh  my first face swap attempt."
"Maybe this will clear some things up."
"Dat Ass!"
"So subtle. I wish I would have thought of this"
"Not going anywhere..."
"Gamers of Reddit  What do you make of this?"
"Cat worms"
"Watching you get fat  burger by burger..."
"Perhaps trains aren't his thing..."
"The other side of 4chan... wow. (xpost)"
"But you didn't. (Text)(Xpost /r/4chan)"
"The Jimmies rustle across the the universe"
"No one fucks with these 2."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye the Science Guy: 2 awesome people"
"Two Best Friends."
"I'll never look at a soap dispenser the same again"
"Clearly the best Leeloo cosplay ever"
"Would you look at that. Look at it!!"
"Please cover them."
"It is not difficult to understand!"
"What's so hard to understand"
"That is one way to win a bull fight"
"Youtube strikes again"
"0_0"
"Lady Gaga. Looking meatier!"
"Nananana"
"Hey guys i just got this new game. i heard its all the rage atm."
"Somebody posted this picture claiming to be me  claiming that that somebody impersonated me yet he was claiming to be me while claiming somebody was impersonating them even though it was me."
"Have you seen this bird?"
"Wanna know a secret?"
"A full scale RGB book"
"Book containing every color."
"DOESN'T ANYONE ELSE WANT A SEQUEL TO THIS!?"
"More Genies!"
"Whenever I have a bad day I always look at this picture and remember..."
"shananananananana Cake!"
"Oh no  not again.."
"Childhood is officially ruined"
"Pretty much sums it up."
"Browsing /r/new.."
"Nick Romney has my vote."
"you know you live in a rough part of town when..."
"Don't quite see how these would be useful..."
"All the doombas"
"It's getting so hard to spot a fake"
"Nobel Prize in Physics. 2012. This fucking guy. Who's with me?"
"I hate it when cashiers make remarks."
"Looking forward to the weekend."
"/b/ had a &quot;you wat you lose&quot; thread earlier. I thought you guys would enjoy these."
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"I think he was on break"
"A whole mess of aww"
"I thought there could only be one! ...I thought wrong"
"Okay reddit  whose family portrait is this"
"He didn't think this through very well..."
"sudden realisation"
"The longer you stare  the funnier it gets"
"Me when I see my 80 year old Granny is reading 50 Shades of Grey"
"Serious traffic jam. Underwater."
"ain't no party like a 'whose line' party"
"I hope my kid end up being this cool"
"We got a badass over here"
"The day after my 21st birthday"
"The comment section in r/gonewild"
"I see your weird hands and feet  and challenge with my outstanding nipples. This cannot be beaten."
"Faces"
"no words..."
"Now it all makes sense."
"do a barrel roll!"
"Im to lazy to add a titel"
"sax kid"
"haven't you heard???"
"Basically how I wake up every morning"
"I eat how I want."
"What the front page feels like"
"What my front page seems to be made up of lately..."
"what?"
"Genius"
"Found this gem on yahoo answers"
"A very good description of my life at the moment."
"How it feels to be the first of your friends to turn 21"
"Concrete jungle where dreams are made"
"Cat keeps the bass goin"
"Resurrect some fresh beats."
"Sleeping please don't bother me..."
"It's a miracle."
"It's a miracle. [x-post r/funny]"
"How I feel when I downvote something in r/new"
"Ay gurl"
"Made it  Ma! Top of the world!"
"To DO list."
"Gay Taxi driver"
"I see your 12 pandas  and raise you 14 sleeping pandas. Enough said."
"Deal wi-arghhh"
"Facebook &quot;conversation&quot; I am still shaking"
"Well  I'll never look at a bicycle the same ever again. [NSFW]"
"Don't bump the table."
"I believe in Magic land"
"Oh  nothing  just some more inflatable animals"
"After waking up and seeing that you have more karma than the night before"
"Onward mighty steed"
"Get off your damn phone!"
"Something to think about."
"How I feel after updating my iTunes"
"SOON"
"When my girlfriend is on my computer and I've forgotten to delete my history (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"Leave me alone."
"Whoever said dogs shouldn't do acid..."
"Welcome to the internet"
"Welcome To The Internet."
"Not sure if repost but i googled &quot;Most epic picture of all time&quot; and found this"
"Googled &quot;awesome cat&quot;"
"Phantom toll booth"
"A giraffe with a purpose"
"If it fits  I sits. Baby horse edition."
"dog logic"
"Move your body"
"Can't stop  won't stop [FIXED]"
"A wise choice."
"Popeye is that you?"
"Meanwhile in Australia..."
"Careful What You wish For"
"Darth Condom - Not sure if repost  just saw on G+"
"Dough-Nuts deep..."
"Ring in the sky"
"The Beautiful Print on her!"
"It always seems like a good idea at first  and then..."
"the truest part about Mario Party"
"Tub Birth *NSFW*(maybe)."
"Otter Pup"
"How my friend must feel as a boy going to an all-girls boarding school's prom"
"Watching the screen during my wife's ultrasound"
"Not a good start..."
"A spoon full..."
"Atheism: The Arrogant Belief..."
"no  infomercials  that is not how you drink milk"
"America deserves  America needs."
"This is what I on friends' Facebook walls on their birthday."
"Popped up in my Facebook feed."
"i got my mind on my money and my money on my mind"
"Backing up  backing up"
"It's that time folks!.."
"Mount Tungurahua erupts."
"Failed gun handling wtf"
"Poser Meerkat"
"white people.jpg"
"Flee ohio"
"Woman thought she won a Toyota. Instead..."
"Time to buy a new PC"
"He's a fan."
"They said I could be anything...."
"That looks like fun."
"There are no words"
"Clicked immediately"
"Listen to any music while watching this panda."
"Most effective in Connecticut"
"How to catch a white person:"
"My reaction after seeing The Dark Knight Rises (no spoiler)"
"My face when my 8-year old sister said we should make suits out of our neighbors skin  as a joke."
"Like Father  Like Son?"
"I just found out that I missed my cakeday."
"Coke doesn't play games"
"adorbs."
"How I feel every time somebody wakes me up"
"When I try to wake up my boyfriend"
"Thighlight"
"Do you know the words to African Child? r/funny sure didn't"
"Stock Photos In a Nutshell"
"So true"
"Woodrow Wilson  1922"
"Freeze!"
"This gets me everytime! I don't care what you say."
"No  I love this guy in every movie."
"Don't try to change girls with bangs. EVER."
"Two llamas"
"Gettin' Jamie Wit' It"
"found this on my newsfeed. thought reddit might like it"
"Masturbation"
"Hot and sweaty in the gym"
"Mother of..."
"How I felt when I learned the Reddit keyboard shortcuts"
"Oh hell no! (xpost from r/images  credit to Adoolski)"
"Lubrication is key!"
"Chill out guys I got this"
"Certainly not my best photoshop  but it had to be done."
"Six Flags is trying to reach a new generation"
"Y U NO UNDERSTAND?!?!!!"
"Like my girlfriend tells me what to do HA!"
"The first song that popped into my head when I saw this"
"Corgi x husky. I didn't know these existed. In love forever."
"He pities the fool"
"T-Mobile"
"How I feel taking Calculus for the first time"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Best Father in the world O_o"
"Fennec foxes can be a real handful"
"I've always wanted this in a FPS. One day... (x-post /r/gifs)"
"Baloo Busts one all over my Childhood."
"What will end racism"
"This is not photoshop  no clever graphics  no movie scene... it's a hydrothermal worm  among the smallest living things on Planet Earth."
"A peek into the life of Kanye West"
"You're not a taco."
"The first word you see describes you."
"Just Eat It"
"Sheldon loves us."
"How Woody Harrelson must feel"
"I'm Here Guys!"
"My Face When Ra Al Ghul (Portrayed by Liam Neeson) Said and Put Emphasis on the Word &quot;Taken&quot; in the New Batman Movie"
"BEST GIF EVER !! IMO !"
"3 Brazilian Soldiers"
"Feed me!"
"Party Hard"
"when I see a post I put off uploading  for not being good enough make it to the front page."
"James Spader"
"Abed + Schranz"
"Some people think those suggestive Evony ads went too far to get people to play  others...not so much."
"When a repost makes the front page"
"How i feel when my post get a downvote after an upvote."
"Here's McKayla and Obama not being too amused."
"Ok downvote it I can handle it and have enough Karma"
"Obama's reaction to 12+ million Americans still unemployed"
"As a scientist myself  I condone this image."
"The Korean Godfather... (x post from /r/pics)"
"Can someone tell me what this mini dragon is called?"
"United Steaks of America!"
"Take 'em"
"How almost every weekday is."
"A &quot;teary-eyed&quot; Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969."
"How to please a woman."
"Death is nothing"
"At least he tried"
"I am very disappoint!"
"Almost as good as kate upton"
"Bill Nyan"
"I think she likes Fruit Loops just a little too much"
"good cereal"
"Giraffes cannot eat tomatoes. End of story."
"Ah  my plan has come to fruition!"
"I mustache you a question"
"Yo' Mama"
"Whenever I tell my friends I'm not drinking this weekend"
"So THATS how it works!"
"Celery: Nature's Toothbrush"
"Go on.."
"My christmas is ruined!"
"I loved watching these guys growing up"
"mmm sexy"
"I feel so terrible about this..."
"THEY ARE REAL."
"When i see my boyfriend for the first time since two weeks"
"This monkey does not benefit from tickling."
"Whenever I take gum out in front of friends."
"Every time I watch the space jump and see Felix standing on the platform."
"WHAT THE HELL GUYS!?!?!? SHEETS!?!?!?!?"
"One year ago I made my account to upvote these guys!"
"If this is a repost I haven't seen it before."
"Say chee- oh shit!"
"Gravity defying cat."
"Everybody was..."
"j"
"Alex Honnold enjoying the view"
"Just another great face swap."
"High 5 Bro!"
"Drive By"
"When someone tries to argue that Link is Zelda"
"The first time a girl asked me to finger her  this is how I replied."
"Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi!"
"Stary KNIGHT."
"Hah! you better have burn heal!"
"Jawsome!"
"Removing the growth rings to reveal the tree at a younger age [pic] [x-post r/pics]"
"The artist Giuseppe Penone removes the growth rings on a tree to reveal the tree at a younger age"
"How to brush your teeth like a man."
"This turned up on my Faecebook this morning. I think I'm going to have it enlarged and framed."
"How I feel wearing my girlfriends hat."
"Cute Chubby Penguin"
"Jesus on judgement day."
"This Corgi Link stole all of my heart pieces. &lt;3"
"there are no words."
"Fuck you "
"lolinternet"
"No shave November in a nutshell"
"Saw this nice bird sitting in the bush... Totally dead."
"Finally  politics that make sense."
"Pwned"
"Ghetto Wars!"
"Look! 2 Girls fighti- wait  what"
"We're all doomed"
"that poor poor boy"
"Such a sad reality..."
"The Original Three [1920x1080] (X-Post from r/gaming)"
"stare into the center of this  relax and let the song of healing heal your soul"
"Sneaky"
"How I feel the moment one person recognizes my username from a different post"
"The lyrics strangely fit..."
"GOT THAT AUTHENTIC GREEK WHITE SHIT (x-post from r/trees)"
"No matter how the VP debate goes  won't stop thinking about this."
"One GB 20 Years Ago vs. today."
"Not right."
"If you had this  you were the coolest kid on the block [FIXED]"
"Mr. Potato Head reveals his TRUE identity as Adolf Hitler"
"I... I don't know how to respond to this. [NSFW]"
"Best pants on the Internet..."
"Got a bit drunk and decided to recreate the Stingray pic with my girlfriends..."
"Instagram poetry"
"Popped up on my newsfeed. I really hope that this doesn't happen..."
"Found this on my news feed. Every girl I know can't stop talking about this movie."
"I saw this on facebook and thought it was a good idea  let's make it happen reddit!!"
"UK Police Troll a Troll on Facebook"
"UK Police Troll Back on Facebook"
"The latest in child apparel"
"It's the eyes!"
"Anyone going to San Francisco?"
"Arrr!! This is why I love Obama  he believes in diplomacy!"
"I laughed way harder than I should have"
"Freedom"
"My girlfriend wants to get one of these lil guys"
"Bugs Bunny?"
"yep"
"Putting the Poke in Pokemon"
"Bacon and Eggs"
"Meanwhile in St. Louis....even though we weren't as lucky as Colorado and Washington"
"A really cool aerial shot of The Beatles"
"Just watching this hurts my leg"
":P &gt;"
"this fox has been through some shit"
"Meanwhile  on the other side of Mars...."
"I see what you did there"
"I love this."
"watching my parents use a computer (from r/gifs)"
"Almost forgetting your cakeday"
"Elk plays Frogger (NSFL)"
"Thank you Burger King! Your awfulness saves lives."
"This is genius O_O"
"I have made it a tradition to play this every 9/11 anniversary. America  fuck yea."
"Pokemon Gone Wild [xPost from r/everywhere]"
"WTF Pokemon!?"
"I used to go outside and talk to people  but then I saw this picture."
"Have a fun and SAFE 4th of July everybody!"
"Aquaman's revenge"
"How I feel as a Californian  when I am told it is raining outside."
"POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS is mad at POTATO-IN-MY-ANUS."
"And he gets the gold!"
"My Videogame Wallpaper Collection"
"So this girl I like accepted my friend request on Facebook"
"Cats are assholes."
"the most useless product i have ever seen. ever. (maybe re-post)"
"Photoshop is so much fun."
"Everytime after I text a girl how I really feel about her"
"They don't......"
"I have no clue whats going on here  but i think i like it"
"taxidermy"
"My favorite book growing up"
"That annoying guy from college found himself in the Arab spring."
"most ignorant tweet i've ever read on my timeline.. it's a shame"
"Smooth"
"What did I just read...."
"Am I the only one around here who -FUCKING ANYTHING-"
"This is for you America"
"Whenever I try to be upset at my dog"
"Apparently taken from lower east side  Manhattan. (Courtesy of George Takei)"
"Manhattan: 20th St &amp; Ave. C"
"Mr. Snowman is not pleased."
"There seem to be a lot of career rapists nowadays"
"&quot;Hi  I'm a Mac...And I'm a PC&quot;"
"Aw  stop it! It hurts!"
"Duckies!.. and Elephants.!"
"Bitches love sonnets"
"The vast majority of Facebook post."
"We all have that ID card with a picture from centuries ago!"
"Great NorthWest"
"In response to &quot;Every game's cover nowadays.&quot; game art with people/characters to a background is nothing new."
"Will the real Mitt Romney Please STAND UP!"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Blood for the Blood God!"
"The Brain"
"That's Right  I Did Things The Hard Way"
"My accomplishment for the day."
"Someone farts in a elevator"
"Google searched &quot;lips fleshlight&quot; to educate a friend... This little puppy showed up."
"How i feel after buying really rough toilet paper"
"What the Steam sale is like for me"
"Dan the Downer."
"Dan the Downer"
"Romney is stepping out!"
"The best thing to appear on my newsfeed."
"When I accidentally click on r/politics"
"Hugs"
"how I am celebrating my 1st cakeday"
"This kid is fresh"
"Seems legit"
"Taste-icles (NSFW)"
"Amazing drawing of Bane (woodless graphite/charcoal pencil)"
"not all cookies are created equal..."
"Well.. Damn"
"Hard to fathom"
"I work at a gift shop called Middle Earth Gifts where my boss just installed a security camera system. You cannot hide. I see you."
"Can't get this out of my head while browsing Reddit. I even bob my head a little for a big finish."
"[NSFW] Talk about getting nailed..."
"Googled &quot;what is reddit&quot; - this was the second image. Do we really look like this?"
"I'm not chicken. I'm a koalafied turkey."
"The Evolution Of Batman"
"How I feel when I click a link and it brings up a mile of text."
"Maybe we`re better off with shadows NOT coming to life..."
"Just turned 24  and already this is how I feel when I'm out drinking past midnight..."
"Getting turned on by a toaster  my mother would be proud."
"The Internet"
"Receiving a text from my ex almost a year later..."
"when my laptop tells me that I have 5 minutes of battery life left"
"Was tempted but no cursed punchline!"
"Black hole over Mexico?"
"After being new to reddit for the last two months  this is how I picture redditors."
"Is that right  boss?"
"It was you!"
"OMG it was you!"
"When I found out the truth about Santa"
"Lonely Cat"
"Mad Kitty World"
"Pilots"
"Doesn't she look beautiful???"
"You nerds don't know the meaning of embarrassment"
"Superdog! (x-post r/perfecttiming)"
"No  she'll slap you silly and then sue your ass for giving her cancer."
"i'm comin home [fixed]"
"I googled &quot;faggot ass gay shit that will get upvotes on reddit anways&quot; and this came up"
"You're welcome."
"All the years I've watched The Simpsons...Never noticed this!"
"Can't believe I didn't notice this sooner"
"This guy doesn't mess around!"
"I'm pretty good with a bo staff"
"Muslims riots in the streets of London after American's blasphemous acts"
"Movies Based On Video Games"
"guess he doesn't like kittens"
"Vietnam Veteran Dog"
"I would watch this movie"
"Thanks Bill!"
"Epic Facepalm"
"Finding a picture that reached the front page that you seen weeks before..."
"How embarrassing"
"Clouds  Birds  Moon  Venus"
"How I feel when a doomsday prediction date comes and goes."
"Wow  Google."
"How good am I at mario Kart?"
"Two men walk into a bar."
"My reaction to r/killingwomen [Fixed]"
"Nice one Bill"
"Screw you glass I'm a man"
"Advertising in Australia"
"If your foot looks like this  you're in trouble. (NSFL)"
"Despite it's flaws  I still thoroughly enjoyed this game"
"walk it out"
"What I imagine I looked like when I drunkenly hailed a cab after a toga party last night."
"79% of people don't know opposite words for the following:"
"I love this kid"
"Unveiling of the new iPhone"
"Found this at work today....."
"Lake Obersee in Germany. Wow."
"I have no idea if this is a repost because I don't spend every waking moment on the internet... but I found this funny"
"Took me a ill longer than I care to admit to figure out what was wrong with this"
"At first I thought she was getting all the attention for her collar. Then this happened."
"Only 34 more days until the airing of grievances and feats of strength!"
"Christmas  animated (NSFW)"
"Reddit  it's my cakeday  and this is how I feel right now."
"A real live unicorn?"
"THIS. IS. PAINTING!"
"&quot;This is my favorite do.... WTF!!!!!&quot;"
"Interesting elevator sign.."
"Made me laugh harder than it should have"
"Well fuck..."
"Purrfect bad day cure"
"Animal Porn (SFW)"
"I feel the same way after I eat."
"R is for Reddit"
"My math teacher is quite humorous."
"YouTube in a nutshell"
"Not Sure if Eye of Sauron or Portal"
"Portals anyone?"
"Erin"
"A rock."
"My friend sent this to me at 2 am. I need new friends"
"My face today when I went to Ulta for the first time in months and found out it was the last day of a 20% off sale."
"And they say cats are afraid of water..."
"New Barbie. Um ok  noted."
"Yeah...you should probably take something for that"
"Gotta love these guys"
"&quot;sorry  I'm Jewish&quot;"
"How to use an elevator"
"Shuttle launch as seen by skydivers (xpost from r/pics)"
"coolest place to watch a launch from!"
"a fun game for all the family"
"An elephant all alone in South Africa"
"Elephant"
"Brainzzzz..."
"Dream among the stars!!! [x-post from r/pics] [1600x1071]"
"This is all i can think of with all these &quot;let's bring back X meme&quot;"
"Dr. Doom is the purest representation of evil I know"
"I woke up today knowing what I accomplish today will amount to nothing compared to others.....well until I saw this meme I changed my mind"
"Still one of the coolest wildlife pics I've seen"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"My stride? Ain't nothing gonna break it."
"Every. Damn. Time."
"nevr lit go jak"
"Could be worse"
"So true"
"The art of using shadows. Day &amp; Night  located in Kaunas  Lithuania."
"This is what happens in the North Dakota oil patch on a bad day. Plowed right through the school."
"I'll see your car in courtyard and raise you a truck in a school"
"&quot;No time to explain  just kiss me&quot;"
"It's 2012 for God's sake  it's time for some equality"
"Artificial glass shell."
"Don't throw stones..."
"There's always that one guy"
"Batman is hungry."
"I can only imagine this is the best feeling in the world."
"Who wouldn't want this elephant"
"Everyone's reaction when my fart text ringtone went off during my exam in my lecture hall today..."
"The Truth About Diglett"
"Popped up on my facebook feed"
"Nice catch  Thor."
"boing! boing! boing!"
"It is obvious that this contest cannot be decided by our knowledge of the Force....(xpost from /r/starwars)"
"It is obvious that this contest cannot be decided by our knowledge of the Force....(xpost from /r/starwars)"
"Being from Texas  this is how I have felt for the past few months."
"Samuel L Jackson disapproval eyes. Is this from a show or something?"
"The Awakening"
"My favorite &quot;hey boys&quot; four picture thing."
"Thug Life"
"Girls in r/gonewild [FIXED]"
"There goes that little piece of my childhood... (x/post from r/funny)"
"Well screw you too Siri!"
"50 Cent vs. Teddy Roosevelt"
"A dog walked into a bar ..."
"A dog walked into a bar ..."
"Found this on random Imgur"
"So I googled Election 2012..."
"WTF is going on here...[NSFW]"
"I Love Biology Nerd Jokes"
"Cooking with poo!"
"Just called back a number a minute after it called me and it's disconnected. - Imgur"
"MFW I hear people on welfare complain about liberals"
"To all those people who haven't come out as an atheist and are trying to get some sleep because you have to get up early to listen to something you don't believe in"
"I find this .gif smashing!"
"Drake"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Fuck streets  here's some useless 3D buildings."
"This is what we're doing with them when you're not looking (NSFW)"
"Darth Vader on Pink Floyd"
"Everyday..."
"Pew! Pew! Pew!"
"What i tell someone when they ask me about myself"
"even jesus deals with it."
"Moses  Meet Steve."
"Professor X's one weakness..."
"YOU DON'T KNOW MAN"
"Launch the missiles."
"Regular ferrets: gross. Baby ferrets?"
"Thor's sister"
"What is love? from a 6 year old"
"What is love? as interpreted by a 6 year old"
"WTF SIMPSONS HOW"
"Nothing will ever top this. Ever."
"Look reddit  a cat!"
"Ice-T and his friend  Ice Cube"
"Thirsty? Have a glass of hiphop."
"Talking about Games that should get a HD remake..."
"Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012"
"So simple a caveman can do it!"
"WTE...art?"
"Fly My Friend  Fly!"
"What I feel like going on 9gag after being on Reddit."
"We all have this type of friend..."
"Bill being Bill"
"Exorciiiiiiise the Demons!"
"Random mode on Imgur delivers"
"The foreground is post-conception. The background...while conceiving...? Your guess is good as mine."
"Shit! (The Album!)"
"Told my Christian friend (who has John 3:16 tatted on her wrist) of my plans to get an atheism related tattoo. Her initial response: &quot;What if in a few years you change your mind?&quot; My reaction:"
"Bad Luck Brian's morning."
"Bad Luck Brian gets new home"
"America"
"My friend stopped playing a game just as i finished installing"
"Oh look at that vagi-whaaat?!"
"meanwhile  on Chat Roulette..."
"The Perfect Card"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"That's exactly how jesus died?!?"
"Saw this on r/whoadude  thought i belonged here."
"comic inception"
"Trust Honest Abe"
"Virginity protection=infinite"
"What the U.S. uniforms should have been [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"Whenever someone says they've beaten Super Mario 64 in record time"
"How I feel about Twinkies as an European"
"Optimus Prime vs Jesus"
"Sunset Wave"
"Another winner courtesy of StumbleUpon. Hopefully not a re-post."
"Where's Daddy?"
"Can someone explain this?"
"oh  hello..."
"If I had a gold coin for every time I've masturbated"
"Macaulay Culkin today."
"Fly Creationism."
"This bit of gold popped up on my Facebook"
"Oh  Gramps."
"Currently buying books for school."
"Conga Cat"
"Here are some tips for guys who have to walk home alone at night."
"Exactly One year ago I posted this....I think it still holds up"
"Take my money now"
"For some reason this frightens me."
"Get this gun off me!"
"Stop  drop  roll [GtA]"
"Seriously  what the fuck is this meme?"
"Cat on the outside  bunny on the inside"
"Once in a lifetime (x-post from r/pics)"
"Progressive Insurance"
"NOPE! i could hardly post this"
"Googled &quot;nope&quot;. I guess I got what I was looking for."
"must.try."
"VICTORY."
"Getting an Upvote."
"What A Bargain!"
"Make sure you don't...do whatever that is."
"Timing is everything [gif]"
"Disregard the Constabulary"
"Long live the king..."
"Just chilling with my bitch"
"How every fight ends with my girlfriend"
"Sad monkey"
"I asked my gf how she made her chili so damn delicious  got this from her 2 hours later."
"New York City Blacked Out"
"This made me WTF... Also I checked and this was posted like 2 years ago. Don't click the link if you're going to have a repost hating cirlclejerk..."
"Bat"
"Suit made of mirrors? I think I know whose it is."
"The Real Reason I'm an Atheist."
"Posting my favorite picture on Reddit for my cake day."
"I love this."
"Saw this on Facebook  the cuteness must be shared!"
"&quot;Fuck it!&quot;"
"smashing tits"
"A Pileus Iridescent Cloud Over Ethiopia"
"Reasons to love Johnny Depp"
"The many roles of Johnny Depp"
"Check The Top Comment"
"Mesmerizing"
"Let's celebrate Columbus Day by.."
"Headphones in your pocket?"
"God knows."
"Pants aren't an issue...."
"Luke  I am your father"
"I would give it to a kid... but that's because I hate kids."
"OK  so now we're doing Whose Line? I present  Wayne."
"The Black Knight"
"The Black Knight"
"Could'nt think of a better title"
"I just don't understand 4chan"
"Who is more distracted  this guy playing his saxophone while driving  or me taking a photo of the guy playing the saxophone while driving  while driving?"
"Learn to trust those mimes"
"A different take on Lord of the Rings"
"Catapult"
"Nope.."
"Notorious BIG after graduating kindergarden. Cool as the other side of the pillow. [xpost from /r/hiphopheads]"
"Notorious B.I.G. as a kid"
"Pretty Much All iPhone Users"
"How redditors feel when seeing other sites."
"Still my favorite baby of the internet."
"OH MY GOD!"
"Really espn? You couldn't even find a recent picture of Peyton manning? [X-post from r/denverbroncos]"
"I'm melting!"
"1 Year on Reddit already?"
"Shamelessly plugging his new mixtape..."
"The newest Rapper from the hood of the 1%."
"Women? I've got binders full of them!"
"Fuck it  I'll just take the block with me"
"Say cheese"
"NO. Why? No."
"Romney right after condemning Obama shortly after the murder of Libyan Ambassador. Funny."
"Fucking Printers"
"Whenever I get the &quot;That link has already been submitted&quot; message"
"Can't Touch This"
"Bear Necessities"
"Christmas derp... hurrrrrrrr"
"Irony."
"I don't think he is going to make it."
"Remember me"
"Not a single fuck was given"
"Fire/Fire in Zero Gravity"
"A candle on earth VS in micro-gravity on the International Space Station"
"NO! ...Fuck this. I'm out"
"Every mystery  ever solved  has been proven to be.. not magic."
"Searched my name on imgur satisfied..."
"Still one of my favorite images on the Internet"
"Best plane ride ever [facebook] {not mine  sorry if it's a repost}"
"Airline screwed up  a friend just posted this on Facebook."
"Great ad for 5Gum"
"How it feels to chew Five Gum."
"homework"
"Yeeeee muffins!"
"My relationship with Reddit."
"So I logged on to Google+ today..."
"How are you not just eating those people behind you?"
"In honor of my cakeday I bring you this bacon lover."
"The view from my hotel"
"Cooking...for the glory of Satan of course!"
"Dafuq"
"1 000 000 Readers congrats here's something that has always made me laugh"
"I'm the Banana Man!"
"My all time favorite Halo map [FIXED]"
"Finally moved out of my parent's house..."
"What graduating college feels like."
"Amazing picture of Earth from space in a reflection."
"An out of this world selfshot"
"Totally going to Prof this when I get home!"
"When the top comment on a youtube video is &quot;thumbs up if you're still listening in 2012&quot;"
"Who actually is that?"
"Hes such a flake...."
"Overly Manly Dad.."
"Do your shoes meet safety standards?"
"someone found this somewhere"
"Think of the potential!"
"I found your fishmonkey  creationists."
"I live in NYC and this is what I think about when someone mentions Hurricane Sandy"
"Sea of Yellow"
"Giraffes are Heartless"
"Just Ron Swanson."
"r/gaming today in a nutshell."
"I think I missed my cakeday so...."
"I was looking at Cyanide and Happiness  saw this  and thought of r/atheism"
"How i feel when I just introduced my friend to reddit and he has more karma than me"
"How I feel having to study for 2 midterms this weekend while all my friends are going to Halloween parties"
"His Royal Meowness"
"What all food looks like right now [8]"
"When my boyfriend is both drunk and feeling frisky"
"What is this from?"
"Changing clothes like a boss"
"M-U-R-I-C-A......'MURICA"
"Space Captain Kitty"
"Oh no no no no..."
"So I figured out how to mashup a GIF and youtube song....NSFW"
"Chocolate milk. NSFW"
"&quot;Is this yours?&quot;"
"Interracial love"
"Is this yours?"
"As a spaniard   this was my reaction the first time I drank Dr. Pepper"
"Star Wars theme"
"Absolutely AMAZING chalk art!"
"I Googled &quot;I Googled&quot; and got this."
"I'll just place this here.."
"Found it on Facebook"
"Was on Google browsing DSLR picture samples  when suddenly...[NSFW]?"
"Rockin' the Onesie Pajamas"
"When does it end!?"
"Epic cow is epic"
"Best photobomb ever..."
"when my ex said i wasn't a good dancer"
"The club can't even handle me right now."
"Still waiting..."
"See anything wrong here  Fox News?"
"Every ****ing day..."
"Every Fucking Day"
"STOP IT STUPID DOG !!!"
"Why am I laughing at this?"
"Looks like trash to me."
"Mission Impawsible"
"this is who i am!"
"Yeah... I don't think so."
"The Daily Routine of the Common House Cat"
"Hey Reddit! Check out my emotionally abusive cat..."
"9/11 Skyline"
"When everyone gets the joke thats on the front page apart from me."
"&quot;hey guys  does I get dinner too?&quot;"
"Silly fox"
"Where can i buy this  part 2"
"Eye drop"
"When the 20th repost gets more upvotes then all my stuff combined"
"Go to hell"
"After dying 20 times in a video game"
"When I realized I missed my cake day by 4 days"
"I Love Eating This Chicken  My fingers I'm Licking"
"'Murica"
"[Request] Brothers  this in [1440x900]"
"I didn't know what sub-Reddit to put this in so im just going to leave it here"
"Yup..."
"I see your stingray Photobomb and raise you!"
"That seal is fucked"
"Soon.."
"When my girlfriend is in the shower and I'm brushing my teeth."
"When my girlfriend is in the shower and I'm brushing my teeth."
"When a bunch of people downvote my comment and someone finally upvotes it..."
"It's a kind magic"
"It's a kind of magic"
"WTF Google Translate?!?"
"Not your mouse  Your actual hand"
"There is a fucking shark in my yard."
"Sharks in the street (Wildwood  NJ)"
"One of my relatives that lives on the East Coast just posted this to facebook... New neighbor looks hungry..."
"Sharks in New Jersey"
"Jersey Street Sharks"
"My grandfather lives in New Jersey  here is a picture of a shark in his front yard"
"You're going to need a bigger house.."
"This is what working in the game industry is like"
"He shoots and.."
"Having fun with this today"
"Wait  what?"
"Once you go black.."
"/r/gonewild in a nutshell."
"Getting real tired of your shit  Apple."
"Where's the fucking twinkies!!!!"
"How I feel downvoting on r/trees"
"It's the thought that counts"
"Found this guy on the side of the road."
"Get Well Soon!"
"A friend just uploaded this to Facebook  thought reddit would approve."
"Deleting a downvoted comment"
"Sharks Swimming in the Streets"
"Shark spotted in someone's front yard in Brigantine  New Jersey"
"Shark spotted in someone's front yard in Brigantine  New Jersey (x-post pics)"
"A shark swims in a New Jersey yard that has been flooded by Hurricane Sandy."
"Angry Spanish Shark Drug Dealer (Tiburon Narcos Enojado)"
"You're telling me.. it was him all along??"
"Take that hood off... Wait what"
"When my alarm clock goes off on Saturday morning"
"Ok. This is just too much"
"Haunted Men [Fixed]"
"Woke up today and my cat kind of looked like nicolas cage"
"So. There's that."
"Haunted house that takes people's pictures as they walk through"
"Wait a second  that seems kinda wrong..."
"I thought this belonged here."
"How I feel about the weather recently"
"Neo wants gifs... Lots of gifs. (Matrix scene revised)"
"Parkour [fixed]"
"If r/aww and r/trees had baby..."
"I want to ride my bike"
"Any post mentioning that Karmanaut is bad"
"How I feel redditing on vicodin"
"when ever some one comments on my post"
"When i realize I've been forgetting to up-vote things."
"When I go on /r/aww"
"every time i try to have a good day"
"No way! Way!"
"No way!...Way!"
"After 6 months of not having a job and my parents constantly pestering me  this is my response."
"As a teenager  this is how a feel whenever my dad yells at me to get a job."
"I need a job too."
"Number 1 cause of stigmata on kids in the 90s"
"Unfortunate price tags."
"Why Brian Wilson is one of my favorite baseball players"
"shh"
"don't worry"
"This is all I think when I hear about Hurricane Sandy"
"This is all I think when they talk about Hurricane Sandy"
"Exclusive Update On Hurricane Sandy"
"Forecast for everyone near Hurricane Sandy"
"Hurricane Sandy is getting worse."
"Searched hurricane sandy got this..."
"1st time posting but this is how i feel when a actress that hasnt done a nude scene finally does one"
"Forever alone? Problem solved."
"forever alone"
"That's it  The Rock has won Halloween."
"IF ya SMEEEEeeeEEELLLLL  What the HULK is COOKIN !"
"don't touch me human"
"Bluths are back. [Fixed]"
"Night Life [FIXED]"
"so true..."
"How was work today? Shitty."
"Whenever I attempt a new hobby."
"Stuff that pops up on my newsfeed."
"Take that you little shit."
"My thoughts on /GW"
"meanwhile in the russian circus..."
"Tiny Bicycle"
"I have always thought this would be fair."
"Gender Equality"
"Such a beautiful family photo"
"So I just powered on the new gaming pc that I built and heard that boot-beep for the first time"
"Can't touch this"
"I never get tired of this monkey..."
"Black paint  white shirt."
"Dat personality"
"Soon."
"Awww - Baby Polar Bear!"
"Well hello there little fella..."
"I Don’t Know Whats Going On Here"
"Understanding the classics"
"How it feells finally breaking 100 karma."
"When people comment on one of my posts."
"Dunno if much sleeping will be done after seeing this nsfw'ish"
"Play time is over"
"Best trampoline ever!"
"Easily convertible into a zombie-free zone. Aogashima off the coast of Japan."
"Aogashima  Hachijo Subprefecture  Tokyo  Japan"
"The amazing Aogashima Island"
"Being an ASL student and meeting a deaf person for the first time."
"How I feel sitting on a crowded couch"
"How I feel when Reddit is down."
"Foreplay for the first time..."
"Me when I forget to take my phone with me to the bathroom."
"I seriously wish this was real."
"Realizing everything on Facebook is now about basketball"
"Bertception"
"Whenever I see someone double dip at a party"
"Dat ass!"
"Between Two Ferns"
"When someone asks me something during a teamfight"
"Birthday Surprise (NSFW)"
"The REAL Hurricane Sandy"
"Best Balloon Animal"
"&quot;I'm A Fucking T-Rex&quot; [PIC]"
"I want some"
"Honest mistake"
"Border Crossing Level: Nice try  very creative"
"When I meet an intelligent  logical  interesting person who is fond of science  but then later find out that they are religious"
"Swan Ronson"
"Swan Ronson"
"Ron Swanson"
"2 minutes a day! Every day!"
"One day this will all be yours."
"&quot;One day  Simba  the sun will set on my time here  and will rise upon you as the new king.&quot;"
"this kingdom will be yours one day"
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom."
"As a nerdy white guy when I'm trying to impress my black girlfriend's family"
"I don't smell anything. Wasn't me!"
"Baby skunks"
"Cocaine  for kids!"
"All throughout high school"
"Myself  my cakeday karma  and the reddit spam filter."
"scissors = 0"
"Rock paper scissors... Err.. Rock scissors shoo!"
"Beautiful fall"
"Who gives a shit about motorbikes with sidecars anyway?"
"(title)"
"Colbert"
"Rape is an art..."
"You know what rhymes with sloth?"
"Wish this man was around for the discovery of the higgs particle"
"When I saw my friend reach the front page today."
"Its exactly what it looks like."
"Hi!"
"Glad to see she has a hobby now"
"so graceful ;_;"
"Jesus returns!"
"What will she say?"
"Oh no..."
"Meanwhile  in America..."
"Behold the interactive guitar urinal"
"When it is time to party we will party hard!"
"For me?"
"For me?"
"Oh Lovely"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Sing me the song of your people"
"Credit goes to u/AnEnglishDoctor for the idea."
"What Gif makes you laugh every time you watch it? Here's mine."
"Drake and Josh..you are missed"
"Where would they go?"
"Hunting mosquitoes before bed..."
"My iTunes library as a pirate"
"im fed up with it"
"I just registered for Spring. This is how I feel. [fixed]"
"Test your might"
"First try  Get back..."
"Thanks Jesus for this food"
"found this gem on facebook"
"Honestly he probably has a better chance of hearing them give thanks than any god would. Seriously."
"Couldn't resist  I love ducks."
"Awesome Shoelacing Guide"
"Bitches love leaves."
"Half way to class  and just realizing I left my phone back at home."
"I find this picture incredibly amusing."
"Country Fire Authority member gives a koala a drink of water."
"The Mayans had it ALL figured out...."
"Lost: What really happened"
"LOST in 5 seconds"
"MegaPutin"
"Haters gonna hate"
"CLEAR POINTS 68000"
"Yeah  words can't explain this one."
"Ok... I was wrong... Now  I'm never going on 4chan ever after this (POSSIBLY NSFW(L)?)"
"Because  sometimes  all you want to do is scream &quot;FUCK YOU!&quot;"
"When my friend brags about having more karma than me"
"Saw a power of books ad  reminded me of this picture."
"Memes IRL (Hejibits)"
"The pig who's secretly a pedophile"
"Saw this in my Facebook news feed"
"I don't even...."
"my favorite gif"
"Hey buddy"
"Dat feel"
"Superhairo"
"Read."
"this made me feel bad about something that makes me feel good..."
"x-post from another sun reddit... but its just so cute"
"It's Contagious!"
"What I do when I visit /r/apple"
"Going through reddit's &quot;New&quot; tab"
"Cookie Monster Hunter  with the right picture this time [x-post from /r/pics]"
"He's beautiful."
"Well  he's just beautiful."
"Doppleganger"
"Why does he need to be our president when he's already the mayor of Whoville?"
"does hurricane Sandy remind anyone of this movie?"
"No ladies  not yet!"
"RCMP officer rescues bald eagle hit by car"
"North vs. South Korea"
"North vs. South Korea"
"North Korea vs. South Korea"
"seal"
"It doesnt fit"
"DO YOU SEE THIS SHIT?"
"My brother found this note on his car... That fucker!"
"Maybe wasn't a good idea to mix my anti-depressants  anti-anxiety  beta-blockers and whisky..."
"Um? WTF is this?"
"Since there's been complaints about WTF not living up to the name  is this WTF worthy?"
"Big guy on water-skies"
"&quot;If you've never seen an elephant ski then you've never been on acid!&quot; - Eddie Izzard"
"How I feel downvoting several posts in a row"
"How I felt after getting orders out of a shitty base and into a nice one."
"How I feel downvoting something on the front page."
"Tourist"
"How I feel about Friday the 13th posts."
"My reaction to all the &quot;This is how hot it is where I am&quot; posts"
"How I feel about every confession bear meme."
"Look who I met on the weekend...who gives a shit?! [gif]"
"Goin' In"
"A drawing that portrays my feelings about Disney being the new owner of Star Wars."
"Stop being tsundere!"
"Works every time."
"How I take advantage of Steam sales"
"Spun Right!"
"CERN Webcast about the Higgs boson"
"When I watch TED Talks about physics"
"The Phantom Menace"
"Quite possibly the best gif ever."
"I can't stop laughing at this. - Imgur"
"I don't think I've ever listened to this song for so long"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"Spiderman is real! He's young  but real!"
"This is Henry. He's always alarmed."
"Warning: Wet Paint!"
"What I think about half of my Facebook friends..."
"Checking my facebook for the first time in months"
"My buddy asked me to pass out flyers for his new shirt company  this is what I texted him when he asked how it was going."
"this is how i felt when i quit my job delivering flyers"
"/v/ Gives Game Purchase Advice"
"How West Coast Americans view Canada"
"Storm approaching NYC"
"Amazing photo."
"Reddit worthy Thanksgiving dinner!"
"Thanksgiving Bacon Turkey? Yes Please!"
"just bacon"
"Cleverbot..."
"It's just too much  cable."
"Michelle Obama is killing it..."
"Seriously though..."
"Water!"
"Places to go  people to see"
"Little swimmer"
"&quot;Excuse me  miss. I'm going to have ask you to... OMG pet my head.&quot;"
"May I haz a petting please?"
"Video Games as Movies…"
"How I Feel On Fridays (T.G.I.F)"
"I think this gif will go with anything."
"Up?"
"oh  we have a rowdy Canadian on our hands..."
"Gets me every time"
"Infomercials [x-post r/gifs]"
"When I saw the thumbnail I thought this was a woman..."
"When a girl tries to tell me the kid is mine"
"What I do when someone asks me to hold their kid"
"OK  time for another diet..."
"who'd if thought this is in Scotland..."
"Here is my weird stuff collection"
"To funny"
"A list of some of my favorite gifs/reaction images! Steal  Use  Enjoy!"
"Less-reliable predictions department: Ducks could take over the world!"
"Rise of the planet of the cats.."
"how i feel trying to reach the front page."
"It's my parents' anniversary. They keep joking about what they are going to &quot;do&quot; tonight."
"Awesome or Abuse?"
"Still my favorite photo!"
"The hottest body I've seen in a while..."
"The Dark Knight"
"The fence between the rich and poor"
"I've been waiting 14 years for this feature"
"Oppa Gangnam style Batman"
"Oppa Gotham Style"
"Preikestolen  Norway"
"Preikestolen  Norway"
"Guile Cat"
"Ha"
"This could have been a lot worse."
"How I feel when I think im posting something good on Reddit"
"Sounds Like a Good Ide"
"Join us!"
"Intentional repost [repost]"
"I just... I don't even..."
"I Googled &quot;gay seal.&quot;"
"Seal"
"Resuscitating a drowning cat"
"Resuscitating a drowning cat"
"Party in a Box"
"Bro do you even lift"
"Apple announces the new iPad Nano."
"A Day at the Races"
"Roller-coaster Puke"
"Old but a goodie"
"Can someone give me the original video for this gif?"
"Redundancy level:Evening News."
"Popping Bubbles..."
"This picture is fascinating. A bubble mid-pop."
"I'm not sure if this is mayonnaise or what"
"All I Could Think of While Watching The Asylum of the Daleks... Meanwhile on Classic Who"
"On discovering  after my first successful submission  that self.posts don't affect karma"
"The best day in school..."
"Let's go to the market little bro! (2 pics)"
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnold  and Andre the giant. Three BIG dudes."
"My face when I make an unfavorable post and watch my karma begin to drain."
"Right after I scratch my eye when it's been itching."
"Classic Phil Dunphy."
"The one time..."
"The best way to milk a sheep"
"Must... resist... responding..."
"&quot;Make it 52&quot;."
"My friend checked his sons homework...... GENIUS."
"Whenever I look at my inventory after using all my keys and key items in Resident Evil (x-post r/Gaming)"
"How I feel when using the handicapped stall in public restrooms"
"Fuck You"
"Sinkhole in Orleans  Ontario?"
"So this is a Jersey thing now that the Hurricane's in town."
"Awkward"
"(x-post) Hey Tonto!"
"I can see your not much of an adelephan but I'm still &quot;Rollin in the deep&quot;"
"Can you find them?"
"My friend went to check out at the U-Scan and this happened"
"Lets get to the point: what zoo keeps giraffes and donkeys in the same pen?"
"In honor of Imguraffe's switch  I'd like to share a giraffe. [xpost]"
"Stop hitting yourself."
"Tell me your secrets!"
"Do somethin'!"
"Me at a nightclub"
"Did someone say Binders full of Women???"
"Nirvana meets Charles Barkley"
"Hulk is Downed."
"God damn it  Leroy!"
"That guy."
"Wow!"
"I'm soo high..."
"How I feel when upvoting President Obama's comments"
"I believe I can fly"
"rihanna and katy perry"
"How I felt when her pregnancy test came back positive"
"For those of you who recognize the gif  do yourself a favor and search for the Zooperstars."
"Found this on my FB.."
"Whenever I try to downvote something already popular..."
"I think I just won the game"
"How I feel when seeing someone fail"
"Realizing someone has already posted your link"
"My reaction when I click on a username from gonewild only to find that the link I saw was their only post"
"OMFG"
"Did my first Imgur Roulette  first thing to come up."
"This was the first game I no lifed to beat. To this day it is my favorite game of all time"
"0_o ARE THEY ON CRACK?"
"what is this i dont even"
"Googled hurricane Sandy..."
"I'm sure this is funny  now that its three hours later."
"I'm sure this will be funny in 3 months."
"Is it funny yet?"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 hours."
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 months [FIXED]"
"I found this on /r/funny and I think /r/funny would love it!"
"Pedophiles beware"
"Theyyyyyyy're acceptable!"
"When I get home from school."
"How door keys work"
"wait for it...."
"It's easy being Pro-Life when......"
"It's easy being pro-life when....(x-post from r/Pics)"
"The girl I thought friendzoned me asked me out"
"How I felt when I logged in to find I had over 100 karma!! ( I have small reddit dreams  OK)"
"How do you like in one mint?"
"THIS is how to pay your speeding ticket! Dollar bills folded as pigs  presented in a Dunkin' Donuts box."
"This kid TOTALLY deserved to get wacked!"
"A viewer weighs in with a serious question during the Paralympics."
"When I realized it.."
"Gets me every time"
"Yiss."
"When someone is wrong and they insist they're right..."
"Whenever people talk about &quot;Karma&quot;"
"TOLD YOU!!!"
"I always knew it."
"Its motherfucking friday!"
"Who The Fuck is this reporter? The expression on his face while he does it is fucking priceless"
"When I upvote something on /new and it reaches the front page..."
"The moment you realise you're getting laid tonight."
"Every time I take down a tank by shooting my teammates C4 with a sniper"
"When I saw that I hit 1500 karma..."
"Oops!"
"why do they do this to me?!"
"Laughed way to hard at this!"
"Alakazam used Psy beam!"
"I am living for the weekend!"
"an engineers life"
"I think us redditors can relate..."
"I love it!"
"A+ for creativity!"
"Cat affection... Gotta love it."
"How I feel watching my karma slowly rise."
"Apparently its a bad idea to give redditors ideas"
"a cookie never hurt anyone."
"I hads a cookie but he eated it."
"Saw this on Facebook..."
"When my friends start talking about the Halo 4 ending before I've played it"
"Kick Ass!!"
"Or you could buy a 100 Grand...."
"That's enough internet for tonight."
"Young Stephen Colbert anyone?"
"Goal to take over earth is working"
"Thought I'd give the face swap thing a go... I didn't swap the face."
"This day we FIGHT!"
"Damn Penguins"
"If we did not have pupils [Fixed]"
"How i feel when someone wants to tell me a secret"
"My mom joined Reddit"
"How I feel when I get up in the morning and realize my phone wasn't charging."
"The range of emotions I felt when Reddit was down"
"My immediate reaction when I learned about Hostess closing down"
"Missing my cakeday by 4 days..."
"I see your Finnish and Swedish school lunches and raise you an American school lunch!"
"Whenever i try my hand at sports (xpost)"
"Sharks with people teeth [PIC]"
"They just got 100% less scary..."
"Sharks with Human Teeth"
"When you're telling a story  and someone takes the spotlight...."
"Don't mind me. Just riding through. [x-post from r/whatsthisbug]"
"Cobra Cat."
"When I get away with telling a lie (x-post from r/SFGiants)"
"Geniuses"
"Look  I'm really sorry... I was gonna tell you  I swear. Maybe we can just go for a walk and we can talk about it?"
"Soon..."
"I've never seen that on the menu?"
"Never Forget....."
"Saw this when I was going down the slopes the other day and I was like ohhhhhhh shhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeettttt skkkkiiiiiiiiiii..... dead."
"The first one might be a repost  but they have to be posted together."
"Not slutty at all"
"i dont think i have ever aww'd so hard in my life"
"Abort Mission!"
"When I realize my cakeday is here and I need to find something"
"Private Spagett! He's watching you."
"When ever THAT GUY comes around."
"As Election day is quickly approaching in a couple of hours  here's a candidate that will really solve our problems."
"Still my favorite gif."
"Water Bottle Hunting"
"I think we're lost  look for a landmark."
"Tupac Haircut"
"I know it's been done before  but this time DC and Marvel teamed up to clean the windows at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh"
"spot on."
"Googled Schwarzenegger as a baby  was not disappointed"
"No skateboarding  cocktail drinking  stogie smoking pooches allowed"
"Probably the coolest villain I've ever faced."
"Don't trip  don't trip  don't trip!"
"I think this will change the way i look at food for the rest of my days"
"Instantly add diabetes to anything!"
"A Young Krusty the Clown"
"Oh  baby!"
"chicken head"
"For my cake day  I present a chicken being wobbled!"
"Techno Chicken"
"Only slightly thirsty"
"that's a good idea"
"Suicide ring"
"I don't even know..."
"Lot of rain in Ireland yesterday  this happened at plunkett station in Waterford today."
"Vampire Teabags?"
"Gandalfstyle!"
"I'm in the mood"
"Don't Tickle Me! challenge accepted..."
"10 more minutes please..."
"An ineffective bath"
"our preciousss!"
"Socially Awkward Penguin in Action"
"One of the ugliest/cutest animals everr!"
"Newborn porcupine (xpost-pics)"
"I wonder what this word means..."
"Romney"
"This is how I feel getting downvotes"
"was slashed by an imp"
"TIL What kids' jawlines look like before they lose all their baby teeth"
"Child's skull with both adult and baby teeth"
"Fool proof glass"
"How about Alice Cooper and Colonel Sanders?"
"cross section tissue of a marram grass leaf"
"So I heard you like updates..."
"Why you shouldn't play on the train tracks"
"Thomas?"
"Jaws in Jersey"
"Sharks are swimming throughout the jersey city streets"
"Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?"
"Spongebob has changed since I last seen him..."
"Hero"
"Being forgetful isnt always a good thing"
"Is it moving or is it not moving? I'm having trouble figuring it out"
"I'm not even sure what to say about this guy."
"&quot;Betrayal&quot;"
"Betrayal"
"&quot;Oh yeah I think he's a great player...&quot;"
"Yep. This is where we belong."
"So I'm going to see a girl I like next week"
"When a girl my friend really likes tries to introduce herself"
"This tree grew through and around a wagon wheel"
"If a 747 can carry the space shuttle"
"I'd hit that [NSFW]"
"kitteh kitteh kitteh kitteh"
"The Ultimate Strut [FIXED]"
"I just miss him."
"So  a girl hit on me today..."
"my reaction when i log on and see i have a top rated comment."
"F*** YEA TARGET! They got it right"
"Heeeeeey! Sexy lady!"
"Face slap in slow motion"
"What I wanted to say to every redditor when viewing new posts for the past hour."
"this kitty asks all the questions"
"When someone hosts on anything but imgur"
"When I find someone going through my phone"
"The end of all storms"
"This storm looks familiar... [FIXED]"
"World Leaders  by David Icke."
"NY in a few hours"
"Okay  so here's an update of NYC  non-photoshopped"
"How I imagine NYC tonight"
"I'm the original creator of Pumpkin Alderaan/Death Star! Here's some more pics"
"President Obama has never been so badass"
"We know about Disney buying Star Wars and are unsure how to feel. But based on this picture? NOT a fan..."
"I think this picture perfectly describes Disney buying Star Wars..."
"'Cause this is thri-llerrrrr!"
"Fuck this  I'm out"
"This gif turns my =( into =D"
"Goodbye  cruel world!"
"Mind fuck"
"Well that was unexpected"
"Excuse me good sir we've got a present for you!"
"Best costume ever!"
"What mother nature really thinks of us."
"Mother Nature  you're so silly!"
"Its my cake day.. when I think about all the time I've wasted on this website:"
"Last 3 posts have been downvoted."
"ER MAH GERD WHERT A JERCKERS"
"How I felt all day at work while Reddit was down."
"How I felt getting to second base with a girl for the first time."
"I haven't smoked one cigarette since the day before halloween. I smoked for 5 years."
"When I found out the male birth control pill also causes mild weight loss."
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
"I have always wanted to do this"
"saw this on FB right now"
"I am a fan of inappropriately used memes"
"Was on Facebook and saw this....No."
"I think this fits better here. x-post from r/Gifs."
"Failure  in its finest form"
"For my CAKE DAY I present to you... my cock pussy"
"Missing Bella Swann"
"Barrel roll is coming"
"You just walked into the wrong neighborhood  Motherf#cker"
"Black Monopoly"
"When I see a pretty girl looking my way."
"TIL that you can't spell amusement without..."
"You can't spell Amusement without..."
"How I feel knowing I won't be able to watch the new season when it starts in a month."
"Distraught soccer fan is distraught."
"Opportunistic Birds…"
"Long Island clearly knows how to handle a hurricane"
"YouTube comments strike again"
"Catty Beetroots"
"Cats pinging the pong..."
"My reaction to the new Resident Evil 6: Captivate Trailer."
"An old piano that's been converted into a water fountain."
"Ermagerd"
"I'm pretty sure this happens to all of us Redditors."
"That face."
"Oh yeah"
"A friend looked out his window and saw this."
"my friend saw this out his window. he sent it to me. i said WTF. (i did post this to AWW as well) i dont really know where it goes."
"Pizza party time!"
"abra cadabraa !"
"Basking in butterflies"
"Everytime I post on reddit"
"Things on Facebook these days really make sense."
"Wait  wut? (Found on Facebook)"
"Melt your girlfriends heart."
"Punching the ticket"
"My Reaction Upon Finding Out Disney Bought LucasFilm and Decided To Make Episode Seven of Star Wars Without Lucas Directing..."
"just some funny newspaper headlines"
"Freeze! (NSFW)"
"This has gone too far..."
"Saw this in my fb feed. Really people?"
"Popped up on my newsfeed..."
"Seriously...?"
"Found this on a friend's fb wall  better like just to be safe..."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"When a Girl catches me smiling at her."
"Another OP taking credit for a repost?"
"To the window!"
"Meow?"
"Hey Guys! Lets post about Curiosity!"
"He just has a hard time getting to them..."
"Classy Tom Brady"
"Tried to restore Rice and Bean Jesus (x/post from r/funny)"
"Get it together  Tyrone!"
"meanwhile  at the reddit office"
"Had me in stitches."
"Smashing"
"Nike or Adidas? ( repost from r/romania )"
"Manufacturer had conflicting thoughts..."
"You wanna piece of me boy?"
"One cookie to rule them all."
"When I get close to a bug to inspect it  and it flies away"
"The first time I uploaded a picture to reddit and got 1000+ upvotes"
"when i realize its my first cake day"
"Searched for awesome cat pics on google to get some karma...found this instead"
"Every Hole"
"How I feel when I have a paper due tomorrow and haven't done anything."
"To the girl who just broke my heart."
"For Those who Play Battlefield 3"
"Horse from the movie &quot;Alien&quot;"
"Horse in a horse of course!"
"I would LOVE to see this made into a movie!"
"One of each"
"Met two Gods"
"Make yourself at home"
"It's over."
"This is how I felt today after my fourth straight pizza delivery without receiving a tip in a torrential downpour."
"How I feel trying to get Karma a day after missing my cakeday"
"Trying to avoid an argument but knowing you're gonna get dragged in anyway"
"How Romney would feel after losing to Obama"
"Justin Beiber auditioning for the Two Girls One Cup sequel"
"Soon..."
"So that's how the allies won!"
"The Relationships and Importance of Questions and Answers."
"Can I have one?"
"Sorry for the quality but  d'awww"
"Is that edible?"
"Not exactly sure what this is  but it really creeps me out."
"How I feel when I drive."
"Shark surfaces on flooded New York street after Hurricane Sandy"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"When I try posting to Reddit"
"How I feel whenever I submit OC to r/funny"
"I wanna meet his parents."
"When I get made fun of by my family and relatives for being a homosexual atheist."
"My reaction when someone is wrong on the internet."
"The fresh Prince!!! He's still got it"
"Don't look down."
"Why I don't have any friends"
"Whenever I go to a sporting event and someone tries to start The Wave"
"This Will Make You Smile"
"I don't why this is so funny. But I'm still laughing."
"Immediately what I saw."
"Pretty much"
"Obi-Wan"
"How I feel after browsing the timeline too long..."
"When I saw it was already my cakeday again."
"My thoughts concerning the republican party's stance on women's reproductive rights..."
"So I just woke up from a nap..."
"how to make yourself memorable in america's got talent"
"Gotcha"
"How I feel all the freaking time"
"I swear next time a bird poops in my car...."
"&quot;What are you doing?&quot;"
"Colorado is getting ready"
"Heartless"
"Does anybody ever think that maybe this guy was just super drunk?"
"Incredible &quot;painting&quot; of light and shadow."
"Fuck your cats reddit. This dog has titanium teeth and fights in wars."
"My daydreams during business meetings are morbidly similar"
"Ever had one of these days at work?"
"what i wanted to do after my co-workers brought up 'swag' and 'YOLO' in our meeting"
"When I found out my sister likes NickleBack"
"My thoughts after browsing through 2 pages of the revamped r/wtf"
"Sarah Jessica Parkour"
"Meanwhile  at UNLV"
"i can run faster than a centaur"
"So majestic"
"to Hadouken a child"
"Hi there! Can we be friends?"
"Meth. Not even once."
"King Sloth"
"Animals' reactions to being placed inside a cardboard box."
"Chomp  Chomp  Fuck you"
"When people tell me I eat too much"
"Not impressed."
"Every time I break a pot in Zelda.."
"r/Gaming and Steam code giveaways"
"Right in the childhood."
"Jurassic Style"
"Everything that light touches is our kingdom"
"Do you think we'll get there in time?"
"When browsing the 'new' section of r/funny"
"I see your &quot;best British picture ever&quot; and raise you the &quot;most badass British picture ever&quot;."
"This young Romney pic amuses me the most. YOU GO GURLLL!"
"Morgan Freeman Chain of Command"
"Long exposure fireworks with refocusing (xpost from r/ITookAPicture) [686x1024]"
"Satanic Leaf Tail Gecko (Its real name)"
"I imagine this is how it feels to hit the front page"
"For my belated Double Cakeday post (Digital and IRL) I give you not just one post  but an entire album of karma!"
"Is That Water Or Ice?"
"mr bean"
"I still can't see it any other way."
"Real Life Walter White"
"My thoughts exactly after seeing Django Unchained"
"Just got this shirt for my friend as a Bday gift. I think he'll like it"
"Battletoads"
"Charge!!!"
"Any love for the cutest darn sloth in the world?"
"The cutest sloth in the world!"
"Superdog fights to maintain composure"
"Poor Pluto"
"Poor Pluto"
"It could happen."
"How I felt when I first joined reddit"
"Watching the opening ceremony."
"PRINGLES"
"Oh how I miss being 12"
"Guy tries to sneak attack a horse"
"Take On CD?"
"Hey..."
"90s Dancing"
"How i feel about reposts"
"Me when my boss asks me to come in Sunday morning at 8AM to get a jump on something for Monday..."
"So fucked up  yet cannot look away"
"Grumpy cat not so grumpy after all."
"Works every time"
"Me after getting RES"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"When i'm a dollar short but the caffeteria lady lets it slide"
"When my best friend brings Sour Patch Watermelons to the movies."
"Hipster Jesus"
"How I feel the 2 months are gonna be trying to get karma till my reddit cake day."
"Double head shot"
"Whenever someone posts a long wall of text"
"&quot;Top 10 Ways to Get Away With Rape&quot; list found in Ohio college dorm"
"you know your town is ghetto when you see this..."
"Some sort of awesome meeting is happening in here [FIXED]"
"Ancient Legends"
"My boyfriend amazes me with his art."
"tiger hug"
"Hugh Jackman.... What are you doing!?!?!?.... Hugh Jackman.... Stahp!!!!"
"So this is how wolverine gets his women..."
"My nephew's Skylander costume."
"Maybe if I move really slow it won't fly away..."
"Why I love scrubs"
"How I feel on my cakeday"
"Awesome Iceberg"
"Mr. Krabs"
"This is a book."
"What is this called?"
"Oh salad..."
"Though this seemed more fitting"
"Thought this seemed more fitting"
"After submitting my first 2 links to reddit."
"Cut cat sleeping with doll"
"Hello."
"Jailbreak in a nutshell."
"I have a sign."
"A flower with 80 000 volts running through it"
"Hurricane Sandy.....Fuck Da Police"
"Something seems off.."
"Biden is lucky that guy is an ordained minister..."
"&quot;You think Obama carries a big stick..&quot;"
"Troll President"
"Biden going the limit for the U.S.A."
"My friend sent me this in the middle of the night."
"Whaaaaaaaaat the fuck"
"Every time I post something on Reddit."
"Teddy Roosevelt  Fuck Yea"
"So the power went out in my house 5 minutes after I made a post 3 hours later it comes back on and I see my post on the front page  this was my exact reaction"
"Xpost from r/gifsound"
"Nightmare fuel."
"nightmare fuel"
"Wish list: air mattress and small child"
"If you put Wallace Breen's face on Paula Deen  it's ... Paula Breen!"
"Legolas Polka"
"Annie is perfect"
"Googled nicholas cage was not disapointed"
"Hippolas Cage."
"...That's quite a list of credentials  sir."
"Whatcha Thinkin' About?"
"Why won't my cat do this?"
"Looks like it's my cake day!"
"Olli Jokinen will be eating waffles in Winnipeg now!"
"Imagination"
"Free your mind"
"Reddit  in a picture"
"is it too soon?"
"I'll just be on my way"
"Introducing: the world's most badass man"
"Epic Manliness!"
"This is how reddit works  right?"
"The circle of life"
"2 stoners in a car..."
"How I feel after being on reddit  PERIOD....."
"After a long day of Reddit browsing..."
"Where are people getting all these life-like humming bird models?"
"Weird Al is....RAMBO"
"Bikini Atoll. [2966x1557][X-post from r/pics]"
"Atomic bomb Baker test on what USED to be an Eastern Pacific Island"
"Tell me bout it  stud"
"I must go  my people need me."
"Happy Veterans Day. Merica'."
"Waiting on you"
"Me at home because no one wants to celebrate my birthday today with me."
"I had to do it"
"finish him"
"finish him"
"20 minutes of Error 37"
"Go to hell"
"After dying 20 times in a video game"
"When I realized I missed my cake day by 4 days"
"Best gif I've seen all week"
"How I feel as a non-Murican watching the Sandra Fluke left vs. right shit storm"
"MFW I am actually eating popcorn and laughing at links"
"How I feel waiting for Fox News to fuck something up..."
"Tea cuppy."
"/b/being /b/"
"Redneck Doorbell"
"Peyto Lake Canada"
"A house in Ostend  Belgium"
"How I imagine it feels to be a woman in a bar full of skeevy men"
"Bianca Passarge  1858."
"After further review..."
"Wit a passion"
"Bro  do you even lift?"
"Kitten mittens fail"
"Dogs mid shake by Carli Davidson (x-post from r/aww)"
"So Sealy."
"How I feel every time I leave a great comment on r/NEW"
"What submitting a link late at night feels like"
"Elevator mind blown."
"What it feels like posting with the popular opinion on R/Politics."
"What it's like posting with the popular opinion in R/Politics."
"How I feel when i have too many Upvotes"
"&quot;See ya later  pig.&quot;"
"My biggest fear of having a daughter"
"Excuse me  miss."
"Everytime I hear about my ex."
"When one of my friends lets out a massive fart"
"Browsing /r/aww recently..."
"My first Halloween on Reddit"
"My first thoughts about F7U12"
"Ever since I found reddit"
"r/atheism lately"
"yeah  you said that once."
"Buy a mouse"
"You got me like..."
"Some neighbor in some town somewhere trashcan."
"Chicken nuggets = family."
"regis philbin and pee wee herman at the m&amp;m's store."
"How I expect my friends to react when I receive 1000 upvotes."
"No  it's mine! (ex-post from /r/wtf)"
"I can see his magic underwear guys."
"My visit to /r/spacedicks"
"Pretty much how I feel when I'm playing Alistar"
"30x Nope Closeup."
"every time i think i have something under control"
"When an old class mate asks me what I have been up to since school."
"Soft gooey center."
"Food Porn"
"Brownie Husband"
"How I felt when I finally got my Med Card"
"Trolling the police"
"It's Hammertime!"
"89 Wallpapers. Mostly [1920x1080]"
"Billy Blastoise"
"This is the only acceptable Blastoise gifsound"
"*Sigh* Why I question Facebook."
"The sandwich sells itself  people"
"So this..this is where it ends..."
"Wut."
"Confused"
"How I imagine the spectators of a bike marathon feel after seeing the bikers go by."
"So my crush added me on facebook..."
"Me every time Bane spoke."
"Half of my Sunday mornings this Summer..."
"Wat"
"When my boss wants me to come into work at 5:30 a.m after clocking out at 1 a.m"
"My Favorite gif"
"This Is A Girl's Hobby At My School. [Article in comments]"
"What happens when I see a crying drunk girl."
"How I feel whenever I stay up so late that I receive a daily &quot;Record&quot; email from Wash U..."
"Timberwolves"
"itsy bitsy polar bear"
"The Original WTF"
"Potato chip map of the world."
"Our girl."
"Well  I guess I didn't really *have* to sleep tonight..."
"Nightmare-grade WTF"
"I imagine this is what those of you with Coulrophobia see clowns as."
"If I won the lottery I'd buy this for my backyard. (x-post r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"next thing you know they'll be telling us he's jewish."
"I always see Reddit talking about 4chan  so I went there. This sums up my experience pretty nicely."
"When you see it..."
"O_O"
"Mind = blown. No wonder I loved both these shows.."
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours"
"Found this gem on Youtube"
"DAFUQ"
"After watching a game of soccer."
"Just started Fallout 3 GOTY. mfw Not of This World quest."
"The Voyager is the first man-made object in interstellar travel. We all know whats coming next!"
"My brother let me use his computer unsupervised. This is what he'll wake up to in the morning."
"My all time favorite cocaine GIF"
"It's a hell of a drug"
"Wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man is a jack of all trades"
"How I picture hurricane Sandy living in Colorado"
"I'm a bit disappointed."
"I'll regret nothing."
"Well  this app is ruined."
"Tough choice"
"Oh...wow..."
"Well Fuck..."
"Trying to get my friends to smoke"
"This bothers me and I don't even have O.C.D"
"I'm lovin it"
"Are you tired?"
"Whenever I see something I upvoted in /r/new make it to the front page"
"This is how it begins..."
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"D&amp;D: Owlbear"
"deleting systems 32 folder on /b/"
"When corgis collide"
"When you hear someone calling your name  but you can’t find where it’s coming from..."
"Reddit...Why are you so angry?"
"This was posted this in r/audioengineering but it deserves more attention. Probably the closest plane flyby I've ever seen  and the wing is practically scraping the ground. All for some realistic audio recording!"
"Actually found something funny posted on facebook you'll all agree with."
"Finally found something agreeable on facebook."
"How I feel when my posts get ignored"
"My favorite meme  ever"
"Accidentally clicking a link instead of opening a new page while browsing reddit"
"My favorite picture on the internets"
"Floating festival stage from Austria [pic]"
"I guess they really do get 'busy' at Hogwarts..."
"Spin it"
"SOME SMART-ASS PANDAS"
"How I feel when I upvote a post past 666 votes"
"sniffer dog"
"WELCOME TO 'MURICA!"
"one of my favourite photo bombs"
"Coolest finishing move ever!"
"My names tim  but you can call me yolo."
"&quot;What class are you struggling with and why?&quot;"
"Sure  why not?"
"To be honest we knew it all along"
"I wish I knew the back story to this photo...."
"to serve and protect"
"When I see my friend trying to pick up a girl at the bar"
"When I see my friend trying to get a girl"
"When I am talking to a girl at a party and she brings up her boyfriend"
"Plitvice Lakes National Park"
"So I googled my username...."
"Grandad used to go to the store..."
"Bwainz"
"Always and forever hilarious"
"fish. chicken. fish."
"Who are you calling a chicken?"
"Captain Asshole!"
"This is why I loved Poser. For making shit like this."
"Danger Zone."
"A Truck? Not a Problem."
"Whenever I feel weird"
"How I feel making my first downvote"
"A&amp;C material suggestion."
"This should have been the title of the movie"
"You can't be to old to have fun"
"So  I went on Facebook"
"A machine that solves Rubik's Cubes"
"Uncropped Tian An Men Square Tank Man"
"&quot;Tank Man&quot; temporarily stops the advance of a column of tanks on June 5  1989"
"just think about it"
"he probably deserved it"
"God loves Spanish desserts"
"&quot;One of their more critically acclaimed albums...&quot; (GIF)"
"Bale Bumpin"
"American Techno"
"Owww It sounds tempting...."
"And that's supposed to STOP me?"
"Everytime"
"What do you think of my costume reddit? I dont smoke dope  I dont drink bourbon...."
"Daredevil"
"Petting my cat is certainly out of the question..."
"Y.O.L.O?"
"where's the money?"
"I just realized this..."
"Shouldn't my karma increase"
"Mother of god..."
"Philocoraptor talks about taxes."
"Don't blame you  they are pretty sour"
"I hate it when that happens!"
"For my cakeday one of my favourite pictures"
"The Most Important Game of Space Invaders of All Time"
"Wehk."
"Duck."
"And it's good for you too!"
"Hate it when this happens"
"got a look on muh face like i smell some piss"
"Why."
"Life is a lot like this sometimes"
"My reaction through the entire new Resident Evil movie."
"Fuck this guy"
"When I walked into a new class after a schedule change and the only open seat was in front of my Ex"
"Whenever I try to post a witty comment."
"just a baby coming out of a guys ass"
"The Scientific Method [PIC]"
"Science."
"Showed up on my fb feed  i heard you like cats."
"oh hey"
"Just browsed random on imgur. This scared me more than it made me laugh."
"One of the saddest pokemon picture I've seen"
"Kung-fu Kitty"
"Kung-fu Kitty"
"The Cure To Cancer Is..."
"Truly an Angry Bird."
"Saw this photograph in a textbook years ago and it's captivated me ever since."
"I don't know what it is about this photo  but I stared at it for 5 minutes when I first saw it."
"Classy Cat"
"makes me crai everytim"
"Vagina beads [gif]"
"Coffee  extra Psy"
"Skaters gonna skate"
"They see me rollin"
"Best part is he almost looks like a fox"
"It's a fucking rocking chair!"
"Oh my God!"
"How I Feel Browsing the *New* Tab on /r/GifSound"
"How I feel as a Republican on r/politics"
"Space Shuttle launch  as seen from directly below."
"My god...."
"Kitty used Fury Swipes... It Failed!"
"Mmmm... Tasty Taco"
"SLURP"
"NOMNOMNOM"
"How it must feel as a Christian on reddit"
"How i imagine people are on /r/religion"
"Black woman with white dick"
"Life on the Street"
"Gotta catch 'em all  bitch!"
"A place we all wish we could live...[Fixed]"
"The Real Secret Test"
"A preview of 'Taken 3'"
"Brilliant"
"Whenever I spend a week visiting relatives."
"Guy says YOLO and dies."
"Who do I have to pay for an HD remake of this?"
"Anyone who's familiar with QWOP will appreciate this"
"How I run in my dreams"
"for maximum strength dorkiness try Fry's theme song"
"Nuthin' But A G Thang"
"How I feel when the upcoming Doctor Who episode is penned by Stephen Moffat!"
"Simple but effective"
"I wonder how he blows his nose"
"&quot;ARE THERE NUTS IN THIS?&quot;"
"Only ONCE have I been this pissed off."
"First Meeting For Semester Long Project"
"It's like I can hear it"
"What."
"Just a pinch"
"R2-D2 guitar solo"
"I Sparkle"
"How I feel when reddit downvotes me."
"Explain to me how the two police officers walked away from this accident unharmed? CUZ THEY DID!"
"Real difference between guys and girls."
"Watching Prometheus with the GF and her friend"
"This'll keep kids from doing meth."
"If Only"
"What the fuck do i make the title for this shit"
"Lion King takes place during Hercules"
"Whenever I submit a new post"
"A dolphin!"
"Bacon Fries [500x330]"
"Where do I send my money? (Cake day)"
"Here's another repost."
"How I feel working in a restaurant  when people call an hour to close asking how late we're open."
"Who says batcat?"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Barack=Batman"
"Fuck the police"
"Googled Murica  was not disappointed"
"I was watching the news when suddenly..."
"xpost from r/wtf. I thought it belonged here."
"Died ..."
"Share this with 10 other people or else..."
"I present to Reddit  my collection of Spider Man memes."
"Got to love Andrew W.K."
"Bacon seed."
"My favorite gif of all time."
"5 years later  and we're still doing this for fun."
"Awwwwww"
"Amazing Ocean View"
"Ahhhhhhhhh!"
"Too cute for words..."
"My karma just...! No...no it didn't."
"Nope!"
"He really does (warning: spider)!"
"Kids movies can be really funny."
"Customer Request"
"Burn the villages  burn the farms! Let them know what it means to downvote the wrong thread."
"Something something Game of Thrones downvote gif"
"Downvotes... a rare substance."
"Where can i buy this"
"Regrets  I'm sure she has many."
"Regrets  I'm sure she has many."
"Doggy &quot;bed in breakfast&quot;"
"How I feel everyday learning new things in University."
"Dad of the year"
"WeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeUUPH!"
"The public masturbator"
"My new favorite gif"
"Krispy Kreme's new doughnut unveiled...wait what!?!"
"Bahama Bobby"
"There it is"
"Dancing in the nightclub"
"Thrust thrust thrust"
"Just a normal day at work."
"shut up and take my money"
"Bake me a Cake."
"Maximum power!"
"White people...(mainly the three in the front row)"
"Shut up and take my money."
"True"
"Every. fucking. time."
"Fapping after a week off (sfw)"
"My Friends Sister Got This At a Jump Rope Camp. It's Supposed to Say Rope."
"Dog sled"
"These pups don't really seem to have what it takes for the Iditarod"
"For my first cakeday  here's my favorite gif  ever."
"In bewbs we trust"
"Wh-whaaaat?"
"Trigger happy."
"Whenever I don't have to wear a condom because she's on birth control"
"WTF!? (Fill in own caption here)"
"When Hairy met Sally [NSFW]"
"How I feel browsing reddit drunk"
"When I found out my ex got knocked up the time she cheated on me. [GIF]"
"On the first day of school when I find out one of my teachers is a redditor"
"I gained 250+ comment karma in less than 3 hours... on one comment."
"Gangnam style"
"gundam style outlet"
"Immediately after opening a poop link on WTF..."
"Got sent a GIF while listening to music and..."
"The Best Thing About Religion - Ignorance"
"How did I not think of this sooner?"
"I almost went on 9gag today"
"Alone in the dark."
"So you ran a marathon...?"
"I got stupidly excited when i saw this pop up on the iOS store!"
"the guy with the hammer looks really really sad. He made me not spam F5."
"Just be like  &quot;stop.&quot;"
"Stephen Colbert with a reddit mug. That's all."
"Buddy left his account open."
"Evolution"
"I'm just slightly too old to get all the Pokemon jokes  but I do remember these damn things..."
"Currency when I was in elementary school [FIXED]"
"keep it real"
"9/11 never forget"
"Home"
"Poor Clive"
"Saving water"
"Everybody needs a little help once in a while"
"Brian investigates ways to improve his love life."
"Fowl Play"
"I think it belongs here...."
"How not to drive a boat."
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"please tell me this is photoshopped..."
"Worth 35 cents"
"Mussolini's Fascist Headquarters"
"How can he ?"
"I have a thirsty kitty!"
"What it SHOULD be"
"Why thank you spider-man"
"The perfect reporter for the job"
"Getting' real tired of your shit Nancy"
"oh god  oh god  oh god"
"How they &quot;win&quot; the debate..."
"Still my Favorite gif."
"Playing all day really takes it out of you"
"Imagine... No Religion"
"OPPA GANGLAMB STYLE"
"When I get the feeling I'm about to sneeze  but nothing happens"
"Whenever I try and give women my &quot;sexy look&quot;"
"this is the skyline of the biggest town in my home valley. the photo was taken last night. so far 500+ homes have been evacuated."
"Standing up to fast after laying down"
"I can't look away..."
"Writing with a pen after years on the internet..."
"Astronaut Problems.."
"Probably my favorite picture on the internet"
"dude? get hits by van"
"Saw this gang causing havoc on the streets"
"My friend took a picture of this awesome Halloween group riding around campus  balloons and all (x-post w/r/aggies)"
"Party Hard."
"Living in the sunlight!"
"Saw this on facebook today  almost considered liking it"
"Like if you enjoy muffins..."
"Tree Tunnel"
"Oh Mum..."
"Looking to redecorate?"
"Boy  that escalated quickly."
"Advances in Medicine"
"Things were so much easier back then..."
"Whenever my theist family has a discussion with me and they bring up their arguments"
"Whenever I'm looking for the remote control"
"How I feel during Halloween"
"Exciting Educational Revolutions!"
"When i see Olympic dives..."
"Oh Ricky."
"Valid concern."
"Shoot for the stars  Drake!"
"Well guys  I think he's gonna make it through this!"
"My exact argument for religious people. (X-post from r/atheism)"
"When my friends and I practice Karate."
"How not to impress a girl at a frat party."
"I have to admit  I missed a few"
"This Island is Fucked"
"Having fun at the play ground  Russian style"
"Bowser can't touch my style"
"Was working on a project about North Korea  when all of the sudden..."
"when you move you got me hypnotized"
"More science than atheism  but in any case one of the best .gif's ever."
"How I felt after reading the Mars Curiosity AMA"
"Everyone after the Mars Curiosity AMA (x-post from r/reactiongifs)"
"its works for me"
"Un-Jailbreaking you phone."
"Kombat Style"
"Taking picture with nokia 3310"
"My friend found this gem at an asian market today."
"GET DOWN!"
"My face when looking at the different types of porn on a site."
"Rules? I'm 5  let's just build it."
"This is how I feel when browsing r/all on a crappy day on Reddit"
"This kid doesn't stand a chance"
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"Where we are in the Universe"
"Surprise  We Got YOU!"
"This makes my laugh every time I look at it!"
"When my friend reaches the front page"
"So I was looking for a car on Craigslist..."
"On Knees for Jesus"
"Classic gif sound!"
"If you do this  fuck you."
"Al-Qaeda is a sneaky one"
"It was awful..."
"i could be wrong but this looks like a horse slipping on ice"
"A tiger's stare."
"Hypnotizing tiger gif"
"My friend sent me this in the middle of the night."
"A backwards life"
"I want to live backwards..."
"This is how I react to a repost."
"When i drop my phone and it bounces but doesn't smash into bits.."
"My reaction when I saw that I got exactly 100 karma"
"The first time my dad cursed around me"
"When my lifelong friend showed me her first amateur porn tape"
"Patton Oswalt and what I assume to be his daughter  winning Halloween."
"Its SO BIG!"
"If Pong were originally released in the App Store (doghousediaries)"
"So this popped up in my news feed  oreos."
"Spiderman v. God"
"When I dance."
"Oh my... [4:10]"
"Party Hard!"
"Dopest Walrus in the Galaxy"
"Understanding something in r/AskScience"
"How I feel when I cash my paycheck"
"How Reddit feels today"
"20 Reasons Snoop Dogg is voting for Obama and Against Romney"
"bill nye"
"Obama negotiating with pirate"
"President Obama Observes International Pirate Day"
"&quot;I have the weirdest boner right now&quot;"
"When your girlfriend tells you her boobs grew."
"So happy for Ann. Who doesn't hate downsizing?"
"This is how people were when the real money auction house came out."
"Fronds"
"Fronds..."
"Just a dog on a swing..."
"A level 100 pikachu?"
"Introspective Pug"
"This guy needs to be found! [NSFAL]"
"Do you know this sick fuck?"
"Whenever I see political debates on facebook"
"how I feel whenever a douche bag in my physics class tries to stump the professor"
"NOMS!"
"What I'm wearing before the club. How do I look?"
"You that read wrong."
"Bus shelter near my work"
"I found this is in R/Ainbow and figured it deserved a little more love. This is great."
"Sleepy time!"
"Karma Whoring: Am I doing it right?"
"I thought this was cute  then I noticed the bad shop job [First post]"
"My face when my dad called me a faggot for getting my nipples pierced."
"Meanwhile  on the East coast..."
"This is a pretty good animation of how New Gingrich gained the lead."
"Yeah that sums it up pretty well"
"Blake  Ders  and..... wait a second"
"Pictures I am having a hard time explaining"
"I have the same reaction whenever I hear this song.[FIXED]"
"GUNNA BET LOUDER"
"Volume control: we've all been there."
"Everybody FREEZE  I dropped a contact!"
"Big Bird went to Vote today. Go Sesame Street"
"Big Bird goes to vote."
"When I finally prove someone wrong after a long argument."
"Cat + Drugs"
"I don't remember this in the movie!"
"50 Shades of Lego"
"I ate chicken  not salmon  dude"
"Three Tard Moon"
"Three Tard Moon"
"Three Tard Moon"
"Three Tard Moon"
"How I feel clearing my browser history after fapping"
"Afternoon nap."
"Pile of over hunted American bison skulls in 1870."
"Omnomnomnomnom"
"Penis Math."
"Chicago skyline from a beach in Indiana (xpost from r/pics)"
"Chicago skyline from Indiana"
"That's a big corner of nope!"
"Watching someone walk into the room I just farted in."
"When you watch someone walk into a room you just farted in"
"How I feel when my lips start to get dry"
"How I felt making my Reddit cakeday on my real cakeday"
"He demanded the front page. I tried to give him Glory..."
"Call on them"
"First time taking any drug as a hypochondriac..."
"City Hall Station  IRT  NYC [1400 x 960]"
"Secret NYC Subway Station"
"I saw a tombstone here on Reddit...this is what I plan to have on mine"
"All the Pringle Ladies"
"Romney's Tax Plan Finally Revealed!!!"
"INTERGALACTIC"
"Saw this on r/woahdude... seriously though ... woah dude... [4]"
"Hypnocat  YOU WILL UPVOTE ME TO THE FRONTPAGE"
"When a black guy says the N-word in front of white people"
"Everytime my boss isn't looking..."
"Princess Cage"
"How I feel after discovering TED talks"
"Don't understand how this could be"
"On ya  Stevo!"
"Ad for Used BMWs"
"This is what reddit makes me feel like sometimes."
"How to flip a table like a gentleman"
"This is a bear. Perhaps you could say that it BEARS no hair...! Seriously though what the fuck"
"You guys!!"
"they are coming for you..."
"That should teach you a lesson"
"So small and fluffy"
"Hurrycaine (FIXED)"
"Super-Friends"
"Alpha wolf is unfazed"
"This came across The WarZ facebook page. [PIC]"
"The War Z terms and conditions copy\pasted from League of Legends"
"If you accept the League EULAs you might as well play WarZ"
"mother fucking bird making mother fucking pasta."
"F-ood"
":)"
"Party time!"
"screw disney land  I know where I'm going this year"
"Giraffes on a safari"
"This acronym is a stroke of genus"
"This acronym is a stroke of genius"
"Cave Explorer!"
"Cave Explorer"
"Magikarp used.... - Imgur"
"Splashing!"
"i got a chuckle out of this"
"Blonde  James Blonde"
"Oh  just a picture of Daniel Craig in the 90's with long hair"
"My reaction when my friend told me it was my cakeday."
"Reddit Today"
"One of these things is not like the others"
"Reporting for duty"
"Took me awhile to deal with this"
"My eyes hurt after seeing this picture"
"Here's a dog in a baby swing"
"A simple scantron test"
"Truth...or Dare?"
"I'm a stupid cat"
"Why so serious?"
"Since these seem to be popular  have some otter cubs"
"Great Minds in Action"
"A baby lemur with a stuffed animal  That's Why!"
"Too cute... Must share(xpost/funny)"
"Tag! You're it."
"Yeah. Fuck You! I Do What I Want."
"Mario Logic"
"Clever girl"
"Easy  breezy  beautiful"
"Oh  Hulk Hogan..."
"Walter Flanders"
"Smells like freedom."
"Typed in 'weird ass shit'  and this is what I got"
"Image taken of the beach during Hurricane Sandy... [VERIFIED]"
"Falcoooon puunch!"
"Princess Madeleine recognizes that couch."
"since reddit likes cats"
"This belongs here"
"Me when i try to go on Fifa 13 Web App"
"Thom Yorke Dancing"
"Whatever this man is doing  I need to find out NOW."
"How romantic."
"this is why you don't feed pidgeons"
"Us East Coast redditors..."
"Revolutionary new cure"
"When ever I find a redditor with a group of 9gagers"
"seems legit"
"Trick or Treat!"
"Trick or treat!"
"How I'll feel If I graduate next month."
"I want to walk away from an explosion to THIS song"
"Mission: Compleat"
"Mission: Complete"
"Brave Felix"
"Al Bundy has been reading the same picture for 20 years."
"Worlds most accurate Pie chart"
"World's most accurate pie chart."
"This is a painting done by Adolf Hitler"
"HORSES PROHIBITED ON BRIDGE"
"How I feel when I see someone talking about religion."
"It's shit like this soccer players (GIF)"
"It's shit like this soccer players (GIF)"
"As an Australian  this is how I picture &quot;there's 100 degrees out today&quot;"
"Classic Ron Swanson"
"&quot;Happiness...&quot; -Aristotle [OC] [3206x1860]"
"Seahorses"
"If you were setting up an aquarium for your little brother or sister in an effort to interest him or her in sea life  would you choose barnacles or seahorses?"
"How I feel about going to Amsterdam with my (non-ent) parents."
"&quot;The secret to happiness is freedom. This right here is freedom&quot; - 13 million dollar bank statement at a cafe"
"What I imagine everyone on the Frontpage is like"
"My zombie survival plan"
"My zombie survival plan"
"How I react when people try to persuade me on election days..."
"Hot Coals x Legos"
"Kate Fucking Upton"
"Black Keys music video [fixed] now with more hot chick"
"I think she's ready for halloween!"
"Well that's one way to do it"
"Suicidal bus uses 'suicide'"
"What my stomach wants to do now that all the thanksgiving dinners are finally over"
"I'm on that part of the internet again."
"Montana Thunderstorm - National Geographic"
"I am a Democrat  but I'm a bit busy at the moment."
"After reading my Facebook feed this afternoon."
"Skype Sex"
"Halloween"
"I'm sooo thirsty"
"Meet Ms. Diddles  my footless hamster."
"Under Water Hunting"
"Puma"
"[gif]YOLO"
"No words..."
"Aaaand this belongs here as well."
"the real kungfu panda"
"Mfw everytime I get a lot of downvotes"
"Airhockey"
"Oh boy  3 a.m.!"
"When people ask how I'm going to spend my weekend"
"This gets me every time"
"Made this Nic Cage shirt and thought reddit would approve"
"When you hear footsteps in another and you are by yourself."
"Smiling Chaire"
"My reaction at this subreddit right now:"
"When I see that a reply comment has twice as many upvotes as the previous comment.."
"My favorite C&amp;H rewrite"
"I was searching up rule 34s when this came up..."
"When i first watched the PSY - GANGNAM STYLE video"
"Rock and roll dude!  lets dance to the grove."
"How blatant can you get?"
"Every time I see pictures of injuries on the front page..."
"I have a female friend who posts things involving Zelda constantly on FB ..."
"How I feel living with roomates"
"I get self conscious every time I'm in a public washroom..."
"Monkey feeding a baby tiger!"
"When that girl you have been having amazing chemistry with casually mentions her boy/girlfriend after 30 minutes."
"Watching my Teacher today trying to use technology..."
"What I did when I saw my 6 year old neighbor run outside in his underwear with a plunger on his head."
"How I feel as a lady trying to tell about my past fapping experiences in a way that's not to...distracting."
"Really?"
"Came across on FB"
"my efforts for reaching the front pag"
"RAWR! (chernobyl effects)"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"Throne of Games"
"Party Harder."
"Party Hard!"
"Mt. Rushmore From The Canadian Side"
"Just some pictures of the President  being a people."
"How I feel when most of the frontpage is from /aww"
"What the fuck did that guy just do? (x-post from r/funny)"
"Putin's latest publicity stunt"
"My reaction to the Curiosity landing tonight."
"When I found out she wasn't pregnant."
"Whenever I beat someone in a game"
"Well...."
"That look of satisfaction on his face"
"Yep  I'm going to bed [NSFW]"
"Skrillex vs Bush"
"This is intentionally a repost for those who haven't seen it before"
"When someone asks me if i can roll"
"&quot;Maybe Jesus will help us get laid...&quot;"
"I'd be scared too!"
"She is scared too"
"Zombie proof river house  would you live here?"
"Every time I make the mistake of viewing newly submitted links in /r/funny"
"Browsing r/new"
"Giant Salamander"
"So Chris Brown has a tattoo of a beaten up woman on his neck... He's obviously apologetic"
"I could look at this for hours."
"soo  The most Up-to-date CPR instructions have been made public."
"That look you get when you have an epiphany"
"Professor had all the ingredients for a perfect thread  but..."
"Oh how i miss this..."
"RAAAWR! (xpost from r/aww)"
"To the Tune of Call Me Maybe"
"Gary  You Have no Idea What fantasy Football is  Do You?"
"When ever I talk to people who is &quot;online&quot; by that mobile sign on facebook"
"The longer you stare  the funnier it gets"
"Pseudo-Ghost Ride FTW"
"The longer you watch  the creepier it gets."
"Fuck you science"
"The Picture Perfect Murder"
"Hipster ice"
"Group photo at formal  perfect timing"
"Found this freaky ass fish"
"I give you the original slender man [fixed][fixed]"
"Baby skunk"
"Googled &quot;how to get karma&quot; got this perfect answer"
"I googled how to get karma on Reddit"
"On the way home  I meta man taking pictures."
"It's for his own good..."
"bitching about the elections?"
"The one thing missing from the election[FIXED]"
"When I see my ex with her new bf"
"Smashing."
"every time my gf brings me home the cheaper brand version of what i asked for"
"Supreme ruler franchise is not pleased."
"What happens when I turn this?"
"What does this do?"
"Scary Baby"
"Apparently candy is all that stands between us and the wrath of giant babies..."
"Oh mythbusters  you so funny!"
"Ay Bay Bay"
"As a new Redditor  this is what i think of Karma."
"Someone explain this WTF"
"What the fuck Africa?"
"So I googled &quot;what is reddit&quot; -WTF-"
"Fatality!"
"I see your favorite GIF and I show you mine."
"George W. Brush"
"Why would someone use an umbrella?"
"I'M GONNA CRUMB!"
"Still my favourite meme."
"Ran across this:A love story in 22 pictures."
"Another perspective?"
"How i feel playing playing QWOP."
"How I imagine most redditors."
"FUN!"
"Error 37"
"My reaction when I just realized it's late and my cake day in my office"
"Reddit elevator"
"Shots  shots  shots  shots..."
"Behold..."
"That's one way to put it.."
"I think I spent way too much time in my childhood playing with these things but I still love them none-the-less."
"Hours of enjoyment were had with these pieces of shit!"
"Engineers create flying object that propels itself by flipping inside out [FIXED]"
"All this talk about PETA makes me want to get one of these. (FIXED)"
"Traffic was backed up for miles today because a cow was in the road"
"supplies"
"The presidential candidate debate was straight up G dwag"
"Break Yo Neck"
"So I Was Walking Along When..."
"Forever Alone  Level: Easter Bunny"
"Cat treat"
"The 'original' portal."
"All it takes is one word"
"How I feel about the entire &quot;AJ Scandal&quot; storyline"
"How I feel when I'm the first person to downvote an unpopular post"
"Favorite cyanide and happiness comic"
"See they are gay"
"s many of you probably know  Lance Armstrong has had his titles removed for using performance-enhancing drugs. Here he is not giving a shit."
"Alternative solution to SBURB apocalypse"
"When someone says weed is bad for you... (favorite ent btw)"
"My reaction to being threatened with hell"
"My cat does this every time she sees me naked.."
"hashshshaashshshaaashmmmp[FIXED]"
"Anyone else find this disturbing?"
"just put gold bond medicated powder on after shaving my balls"
"Making a status about poking on FB"
"This gem just appeared on my news feed."
"Amazing Long Exposure Photographs From The ISS"
"Buzz Lightyear Balloon Suit"
"Happened by chance while browsing  can't get it out of my head!"
"Friend Tells me she is mad at me... Look at all the fucks I give!"
"Last one in is a rotten egg. Oh...."
"Epic Tramp Stamp - NSFW"
"Now THAT is a tramp stamp. [FIXED][FIXED][NSFW]"
"When you take your bra off"
"Do you even lift?"
"I have no words..but lol'd like crazy"
"I guess some of us are more proud of our bodies than others."
"Prom..."
"As someone who has family buried here  this pisses me off that people are this ignorant..."
"Iridescent fly covered in a zillion little water droplets"
"Oh  that's... cute."
"Fuck you Red Lobster"
"Just you know...Jay-Z  Beyonce and Obama hanging out"
"The Oculus Yacht."
"How I feel after seeing countless people post the &quot;your friends who like Nickelback&quot; link all over the internet in the past few hours."
"How I feel after my wife went from 0-DRUNK at a friend's wedding"
"Skipping ahead 60 seconds in any porn clip."
"Using pinch-to-zoom on a laptop"
"Everytime I see one of those &quot;Overzealous Psych Grad&quot; posts."
"Fuck Every Thing About This."
"Sometimes when other people make bad decisions it's funny"
"Shake it all the time."
"Nun."
"BLARGHARHARG!"
"I'll see your Nigariel and raise you a Bellgel"
"Cat Dance"
"Hell?"
"Parenting fail."
"This guy's profile pic is really throwing me off."
"Paint me like one of your French girls"
"The Transfiguration of Nicolas Cage"
"After I eat a bag of powdered donuts"
"Oh  Michael Scott..."
"steve carell"
"Rage your face off"
"My greatest fear about anal"
"Sweet dreams..."
"Internet explorer usage Vs Murder rate"
"Internet Explorer vs. Murder Rate"
"Internet Explorer vs. Murder Rate"
"[HIFW] People use memes in this subreddit"
"Make Ready The Cannons!"
"A little surprise."
"How I feel reading about the new iPhone 5."
"Rather than give a headline that waxes sentimental  political; I'll just say June 6th was a momentous day in history  and let you take what you will from this photo."
"This is all kinds of not ok..."
"May the benevolent power of the Seven Galaxies accompany you until the end of all time and may your home star burn true until the continuum ends."
"Oh god the eyes..."
"introducing  QWOP (fixed)"
"Sesame Streets reaction to Mitt Romney's claim to cut funding to PBS."
"Here's an Asian guy playing QWOP."
"How I feel waking up on Mondays."
"QWOP IRL"
"its a dance party! combine with http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGjk_6KuYdo"
"HAVE A GREAT PROM"
"Ambassador Christopher Stevens"
"Are you man enough to fill it?"
"Crazy Eye [gif]"
"Might be shopped."
"If Reddit were to create a monster"
"Seeing some of my submissions getting downvoted after having one successful link to my name"
"A t-shirt with Asia on it."
"Sax Tyrion"
"Who came first?"
"Which came first?"
"When raising your child..."
"This little black cat is waiting for someone to take her home..."
"Saw this on fb what the hell. [fb post]"
"What the hell facebook?"
"How do they work?"
"another great pic of the inbred tiger kenny"
"What"
"What if...?"
"Hotdog"
"Hot dog for snack!...buuurrppp..."
"IT HAS ARRIVED!"
"My new favourite gif."
"While on a diet"
"My favorite .Gif of all time"
"Penguins"
"He get's it"
"I just discovered /r/spacedicks..."
"MFW I went to /r/shatter"
"Overheard a girl in my class telling others that the Nickelback concert she went to &quot;was awesome&quot;"
"Animal services snapped this picture when a deer broke into someone's home in my hometown."
"My little derp after his bath"
"Perhaps not the most flattering picture of Paul Ryan..."
"Add a Diablo III logo to this guy's shirt and you suddenly have a clear image of /r/gaming right now."
"In response to all the U.S.A medals!"
"I will see you all the pics of movies being shot in your neighborhood and raise you this.."
"I don't even..."
"The Jacket of Smite!"
"Not once have I seen anyone on this sub-reddit talk about these guys..."
"The Simpsons has the best security"
"Video Games in the 90's..."
"What I imagine every young Redditor's parent is thinking"
"When an artist I like releases a new song"
"I Think I'm Turning Japanese"
"We just wanted to play"
"Now Kiss!"
"When you're in line and someone cuts in front of you"
"How I feel when someone reposts my link."
"But soft  what light through yonder window breaks?"
"that is the question"
"embarrassing..."
"THE FUTURE!"
"That Smurf Knows What's Up"
"Just fabulous!"
"How I felt when I realized I missed my Cake Day by a few hours."
"Getting home from a long day  ready to eat."
"Every time I open the fridge."
"Seems legit."
"True love has no bounds...."
"Googled &quot;Classy as Fuck&quot;  was not disappointed"
"Everytime I listen to the Tarzan Soundtrack...I have two ears and a heart!"
"Apparently  Obama Blows"
"To hell with all your ideas of a home. I'm moving here."
"4000 Children die every day because..."
"Expectro Petronum"
"Hey Reddit  Here's a totally badass picture of Mark Twain in Nikola Tesla's lab. Happy Friday."
"someone was pointing a rubber band at him"
"Forget JB's shoes  The girl he was with had god damn horse teeth"
"I wouldn't do it  I think he's serious..."
"boyscouts bestie"
"Protect the virtue"
"When Someone Says God Exists Because The Bible Says So"
"He is so fucked."
"Adaptive roots in concrete jungle"
"I found this whilst looking for a faceswap"
"Trying to argue with a troll"
"Idk but i think your doing it wrong"
"I think he would be the most upset about the recent news."
"It's midnight and reddit has helped me not do any of my schoolwork."
"Ned Flanders+Nyan Cat=glorious WIFF (X-Post from r/gifwithsound)"
"El Flanders"
"Daft Flanders"
"&quot;America&quot;"
"Why Not Just Use One Of These To Carry All Those Groceries"
"My favourite Sheldon Cooper quote."
"i think so ;)"
"SAP gets revenge"
"Socially Awkward?"
"Girl Emerging from water"
"Good enough logic for me"
"Makes Sense"
"Reddit cat is unimpressed"
"This is what it's like [FB] [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"L.E.D. Zeppelin"
"R2D2"
"Wait for it..."
"what?"
"ERHMAHGERD SLENDER MERN"
"UPS delivery procedure. (source?)"
"This just came up in my news feed..."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"Ok Facebook calm your shit."
"Facebook.. You've taken it to far. (saw on FB)"
"Had to put the horse down... now what should we do?"
"Photo from the open casket funeral of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov  who died when his craft crashed during re-entry"
"Crocodile and Butterflies"
"BEES!"
"How every redditor seems to be reacting to Grumpy Cat right now"
"Cool starry bra... real cool"
"wow Neil deGrasse Tyson with mullet and ripped  sorry if this is a repost  its just too cool."
"Billy Mays here with the Forever Alone pillow."
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"Baths"
"Does This Unibrow Make Me Look Bird?"
"Go! Take to the skies! Be free!"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"A pirate's worst nightmare"
"My fear of clowns just got worse"
"Bring it back."
"Forever alone? Problem solved..."
"Forever alone jacket"
"I died laughing at this."
"Dat Gangnam Ass"
"Paranormal Cattivity"
"Perspectives on the United States Army"
"In the middle of playing video-games when I smell dinner"
"Silly Walks clock"
"Come at me bro"
"Still my favorite: Come at me bro!"
"Come At Me  Bro! Do You Even Lift?!?"
"Shit-Talking Pug"
"It kinda works"
"How I feel when my GF is on her period..."
"The Reddit Process (COMIC)"
"Lawyer"
"Bill Clinton and his thought process"
"Bump"
"Peek-A-Boo!"
"Peak a bo..HOLY CRAP!"
"Bird shaking water off [X-post from r/pics]"
"Morrowind vs. Skyrim  as explained by George Costanza"
"No this is the worst teacher name."
"serious daddy issues"
"My reaction when Rick stabbed that guy a couple weeks ago"
"Most heartwarming picture I have seen in awhile."
"How I feel on 90 percent of facebook posts"
"Ninja Cat"
"How I feel after failing my driving test three times and finally passing earlier today."
"The Rock vs 12 pancakes"
"First Person Shooting"
"Medieval Avengers"
"Gangnam cat gif"
"gotcha!"
"I'm still laughing"
"Just a tractor"
"If you ever feel bad about yourself just think at least you’re not a model for..."
"Ruining your childhood"
"Oh Deer"
"I see your dog pictures and raise you."
"It's so FLUFFY!"
"Not like this... Not like this..."
"Om nomnomnomnomnnom"
"Alpaca Schwarzenegger"
"What Would Jesus Do?"
"She back!"
"Bengalnam Style"
"What's worse is that the picture was taken with the boy in front of an oven..."
"ADOLF HITLER"
"Looking down"
"Happy Halloween"
"AAAHHH!!!!!!!"
"And so the zombie infection spreads further..."
"I see your anamorphic hand sculpture  so i raise you the anamorphic frog sculpture"
"Volcano and the Storm"
"Meet Orville Wright the Cat"
"Meanwhile in Chernobyl [PIC]"
"How it feels getting back from vacation and school starting tomorrow"
"I Just Can't.."
"THIS SHIRT. YES. (x-post r/funny)"
"If you get with me you'll be..."
"Regret"
"Blast off"
"Journey to the front page."
"Am I the only one who prefers 'then'?"
"Happy Birthday Neil Degrasse Tyson"
"Happy Birthday to one of Reddit's Heros."
"Fuck you star burst!! xpost from r/pics"
"Obama's reaction to all the karma he's getting"
"Obama's reaction to all the karma he's getting"
"I want to break up"
"If people ever went through my internet search history..."
"26 years ago"
"Appearances are deceptive."
"Sweet Wood Scooter"
"TIL I'm statistictly Gay"
"Since Vader and Iron Man are now associates......Why not?"
"Turtle eating a living mouse."
"Is this what you want?"
"Jesus drove a Honda but didn't talk about it"
"Jesus's automobile of choice"
"Three balls"
"What do you see in the mirror?"
"Video gaming in 1994 vs 2010"
"Googled &quot;freddie mercury lover&quot; and this came up. Glad to see such a great man was one of us"
"what an asshole.."
"Whenever windows tells me I need to restart to update"
"when my fuel light comes on while driving home from work"
"&quot;Reddit is under a heavy load right now  Please try again in a few minutes&quot;"
"What i think when Girls can have more than one orgasm during sex  but guys have to train themselves to do so. . ."
"The cheese applicator that comes with a Kraft Handi-Snack"
"When asked if I'd like to fill in a short survey after being on hold for an hour."
"Lori won't let Carl be hardcore (X-Post from r/thewalkingdead)"
"Stop the spread of HIV!"
"Oh you know  working with scientists. Nothing major."
"Still one of my favorites [Probable repost]"
"Found this and thought it was pretty relevant. (Xpost from /r/gifsound)"
"best gif ever."
"Well  i guess that pole had it coming"
"They thought it was just a phase..."
