"How reddit seems to reacts whenever I share a milestone that I passed"
"Every LastAirBender post with a NSFW tag"
"How I felt when i forgot to put &quot;spoiler&quot; in a comment"
"What r/AskReddit did to me when I asked something about 9gag."
"Ohhh  that's a lovely picture of your country."
"Pretty much what happened to my pixel art post on /r/minecraft."
"Whenever I See a Post Complaining About Downvotes"
"When I remember it's Monday..."
"Look in the middle"
"I saw your Hello Kitty Sushi and Raise you OBama Sushi"
"Obama Sushi"
"Science!"
"Science! [gif]"
"Science! (x-post r/gifs)"
"Cat = Master Troll"
"Troll Cat"
"What the NFL replacement refs have turned the NFL into"
"Whale craps on diver  who then pukes in his mask."
"Ad for removing your Penis (NSFW)"
"me trying to avoid a fight when my gf´s on her period..."
"What's it like trying to get work done before Sunday"
"OH OH I CAN DO THI-OHSHIT"
"So close..."
"How I feel when my manager inspects my work"
"NOT CLEAR"
"Almost clear"
"When your friend makes it to the front page."
"Absolutely Stunning!"
"Absolutely Stunning [fixed]"
"A mouse that's afraid to swim in ice!"
"Just a little guy"
"Wedding rings with the sound waveform of the couple’s voices saying “I do”"
"Forever Alone level: Tourist"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  I Give You Asian Tourist"
"now thats a selfie."
"My All-Time Favourite 2 Player Game"
"seriously?"
"1.5 Million Balloons"
"I see your Tangled Fire Lantern release and give you 1986 Cleveland's cloud of ballons"
"My friend works with anteaters  and he was trying to feed one when..."
"u mad spiderman?"
"John Jonah Jameson and Peter Parker talk about rice"
"Favorite brand of rice..."
"Spiderman's LEAST favorite brand of rice"
"Uncle Ben"
"Now that's just cruel."
"Poor Peter"
"Caught in a web of cries."
"Hey Parker."
"oh fuck."
"Their faces say it all."
"This isn't going to end well."
"This is how badass I wanna be"
"Popped up in my fb feed."
"Asian calculator"
"Here is a cat with bacon taped to it."
"Cake Day with cats and bacon"
"I see you baby..."
"Free Cat"
"Meet Cheesus!!"
"Cheesus."
"I don't know if I'd be able to resist pushing this over"
"Hulk"
"Origin of Humans"
"Why I have no plans to get married"
"Remember these delicious bastards?"
"Snapple really needs to bring this stuff back."
"I made this post to add it to my saved list. Please dont upvote"
"Penguin's final dive !"
"Well shit...."
"Does anyone know where and what this is?"
":P ;("
"If this doesn't make you smile I don't know what will...too cute...enjoy"
"Scientist in Panda suit"
"Ultimate Fap Challenge!"
"What I think of any time a redditor mentions a &quot;girlfriend&quot; [fixed]"
"This is your brain on reddit:"
"You will never understand the love between them."
"Wobbledee Bobblezy Do"
"This is your brain on drugs"
"How I feel when the gif does not match the tittle of the post."
"Oh Bill..."
"Thingken of life."
"Hemingway: Classic American badass since 1899"
"Awwww? More like Ahhhhhh!"
"Road Rage Cat"
"Road Rage"
"Wolverine"
"Dat Ass"
"Who likes short shorts..."
"Muffin Top: Level 99 [NSFW]"
"she looks so svelte"
"Tight shorts vs. obesity"
"I have made a huge mistake"
"Trippy as fuck. [Gif]"
"Oh  hey."
"Don't mind me  just sitting here."
"Picture this: I'm on a train  when suddenly"
"Oh Chicago.."
"This I why I don't use public transportation anymore."
"dalai lama Upvote [OC]"
"but why?"
"So this showed up on my feed today..."
"New Profile Pic?"
"Hershey's gangsta"
"keep cool man  i just ate a little of your catnip"
"How I feel As A Fat Person Lately."
"Cute funny animal surrendering"
"Defensive Cat."
"Aussie Style [gif]"
"I'd be very happy if this was remade."
"I would buy a lottery ticket after this."
"Well that was awkward..."
"Suddenly  &quot;I slipped and fell on his dick&quot; becomes a much more plausible explanation... [gif]"
"My favorite gif of all time"
"One of my favorite gifs of all time."
"I love this gif"
"Stop staring at me"
"Star Wars X-wing fighters attacking Death Star tattoo"
"When someone links me to a post from r/spacedicks..."
"Worst Roommate Ever"
"Have you ever been so scared that you...."
"Perfectly reasonable reaction"
"r/funny said this belongs here"
"Joke backfired"
"Nope."
"Whenever I get the sh*t scared out of me"
"My all-time favourite gif"
"I swear  if I see one more of those &quot;like for Heaven  ignore for Hell&quot; Facebook posts..."
"Me during the playing of any sport"
"dog"
"Cats are awesome  but dogs give you something special..."
"The saddest story you will ever read..."
"Right in the childhood"
"watching a juice head at the gym...or an episode of jersey shore..."
"Bounce That"
"Education system"
"Wheelies"
"Whenever I'm feeling down  all I have to do is look at this again. a"
"The cure for Picard's facepalm"
"That's why I haven't seen this guy for so long..."
"MRW a foreign girl tells me she's only attracted to me for my Australian accent"
"Only when it's soft ;)"
"Oh. . . you Bill Gates."
"THE MORE YOU KNOW"
"Whenever I accidentally click a link from r/politics."
"Hidden Masters"
"Accidentally clicking on a link from r/politics"
"When I delete my comment that's getting downvoted"
"When I bitch somebody out  then find out I'm wrong"
"How I feel whenever Florida is mentioned in r/news or r/politics"
"Walked in on my friend making out with a girl"
"Me when my fundie wife was having a heated discussion about creation vs evolution with someone on facebook"
"When I go to comment on a post and find that every single comment has negative karma"
"Going back to college after 10 years."
"Me after the enemy team aced us when I accidentally pulled in their amumu as blitzcrank."
"When I go home to visit and see people I used to know in town. [gif]"
"Walked in on my friend fapping  he didn't notice."
"HIFW I comment on anything to do with God or religion on Reddit"
"Getting a personal text from someone you don't know..."
"Took me a while to beat it...I think the name added to the lethality"
"Victory!"
"Sounds about right."
"Imagine that."
"Thats us in 5 years."
"The man gives light to the mist"
"The Moon and Venus over Switzerland"
"The moon and venus over Switzerland"
"How r/atheism really works"
"What r/atheism really is"
"Doesn't apply to all atheists  but sums up r/atheism pretty nicely"
"/b/  is it time to shower?"
"This should of been how the last episode went."
"Whenever I go for a high five"
"Severe Ingrown toenail/infection (NSFW)"
"Man on drugs"
"Saw this locked out NFL ref after Monday Night Football"
"That's one odd looking eggplant.."
"This eggplant has a face."
"This eggplant has a face (x-post from r/mildlyinteresting)"
"When I see the 9gag watermark on a reddit post"
"When I find my real life friends on Reddit and look at their comment history."
"When a Friend Tells Me All Memes Originated From 9gag"
"When McNulty starts drinking and whoring again after he had quit all that in season 3"
"The dude doesn't approve."
"how i felt when i checked reddit and my karma had quad-tripled overnight"
"Just became a fan of the Women's Brazilian Olympic Volleyball team."
"One reason to love Brazil.."
"Reddit  who is this olympian?!"
"So this is what Brazil has to offer to the Olympics? NSFW"
"That's it. I'm moving to Brazil."
"I love the olympics....[NSFW]"
"This is why I love the Olympics."
"I'll just throw this in here"
"Llama-pillar"
"caterpillar?..."
"I throw my hands upon the air sometimes!"
"Have Faith in God"
"This is my job..."
"Not sure if repost  but this came up on my Twitter feed."
"Oprah loves her Surface..."
"Brilliant marketing  Oprah (x-post from r/Apple)"
"Oprah Winfrey really likes her Microsoft surface."
"Oprah loves that SURFACE!"
"If elephants had no trunks and no ears..."
"If elephants.."
"If Elephants..."
"Corgi catching a snowball"
"Ouch"
"Every time I post new material lately..."
"How I feel when i dont get a single upvote"
"how it must feel being the guy doing the GoDaddy AMA trying to present the company's argument on Reddit"
"How I feel whenever I try to post something funny to Reddit."
"Just walk it off son..."
"expressing a controversial opinion on Reddit"
"How being down voted feels"
"It seems like everyone on Reddit is really clever and when I try"
"Whenever I try to make the front page"
"Most popular kid in the world (Also  I WANT SAUCE)"
"Every Time I Go To The Beach..."
"All natural bodybuilder"
"What do you say to your dad you haven't spoken to in 2 years?"
"Steve knew"
"Case and point..."
"Apple autocorrect finally gets something right."
"I hate when my iPhone does this shut."
"Good parents."
"Good parents."
"Aww  it's so... Cute/Handsome?"
"just a little guy"
"This made my life"
"Homer Escalator!"
"GameStop selling used... WHAT?"
"Thanks Gamestop. Just what I was looking for."
"Thanks Gamestop. Just what I was looking for."
"Dog humping USB....shut up and take my money!"
"[NSFW] Novelty flash drive I want to use when friends are over"
"Can someone please help me find this so I can buy it and then use it and then be happy?"
"I SWEAR IT WASN'T ME"
"Period blood pool prank"
"pool prank"
"I wrote a poem for you  reddit. Happy Valentines Day."
"Roses are red  violets are blue"
"God Bless Vodka"
"I like to think they're siblings."
"Best friends"
"More elephants are needed."
"just a little jellyfish..."
"Just walk right into the street  looking where you're going is for losers"
"Look both ways when you cross the road (close call)"
"When I receive a complement on my drunken dance moves."
"When my mom tells me I look handsome."
"When Taco Bell asks if I want cinnamon twists with my meal (x-post from r/funny)"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page on my cakeday"
"Cats aren't the only ones..."
"Found this in a children's library in Sweden"
"Them Eyes."
"obviously a good idea."
"Ah. I see what you did there."
"Best tattoo you'll never regret"
"Who wants to ride this hotty"
"Come at me Bro"
"Don't you gimme that look"
"Mike Rowe"
"Mike Rowe"
"Favorite Picture of Endeavour Moving Through Los Angeles"
"That time two kids playing ball got photobombed by a Space Shuttle"
"Endeavor moves through Los Angeles suburb"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate."
"This ostrich can ski better than me..."
"Just a snowboarding ostrich."
"I'm a motherf*cking ostrich!"
"Drifting bird!"
"My first GifSound ! [Fixed]"
"Please msnbc  no one cares about th... WTF!!??"
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"Yes he is."
"I love you  couch."
"How I feel when I get downvoted."
"Whenever I'm on a quick escalator"
"My Reaction when my roommate tells me the girl he is seeing is leaving her abusive boy friend for him and they are moving in together all in a matter of 3 days"
"Looked up &quot;Satan Hitler&quot;. Close enough"
"Derp."
"Pretty Much My Driving Skills"
"This creeps me the fuck out"
"Studying for finals."
"Browsing reddit"
"Obama riding a unicorn with a sword. Oh  Hugh Laurie and Joseph Stalin."
"Does this belong here?"
"Dr. House and Stalin Endorsed Barack Obama?"
"(x-post) My Favorite Green Text."
"This gets me every damn time."
"Kicking in the face gone wrong. [Repost]"
"Quality 4Chan [repost]"
"STAAAAAAAAHP!!"
"STAHP"
"Japan meets Reddit."
"Asian Chick eating pussy (SFW)"
"A friend linked this to me  I didn't really know what to think..."
"Just a toilet paper roll"
"This is what ruins soccer for me.."
"Manliest pic of all men"
"Power couple"
"Better add a second flip-flop  just to be extra safe."
"Odd Bathroom Experiences..."
"They should of shown this in health class."
"The One stupid person in London! [Repost from /r/pics]"
"Protestors walking to Parliament for OpVendetta"
"So this Anonymous protest is currently happening outside parliament in London."
"My wife said this to me after our first day of no coffee."
"Had &quot;no shoes in the house&quot; parents. Me  upon buying my first sofa in my apartment."
"Just got a new job and they are making us use Internet Explorer. This is how I feel"
"Fuck yo couch!!!!!!"
"How to find love while being a male engineer"
"How to find love while being a male engineer"
"Serenade"
"FUCK THIS SHIT [Pic]"
"Time to GTFO."
"Every time I think I have a primo content for my fellow Redditors  you really put me in my place."
"Absolutely stunning graffitty made by MTO"
"Today is Bob Marley's birthday  here's a picture of him playing soccer with Jimi Hendrix."
"Just Bob Marley and Jimi Hendrix juggling a soccer ball before a show."
"Bob Marley and Jimi Hendrix playing soccer."
"People who (allegedly) broke into a NYC subway station (3 train/148th St) and what they found."
"Storm-driven garbage accumulating in an NYC subway stop."
"&quot;Wow  is this for me?&quot;"
"So a guy walks into a bar..."
"Good Without God"
"SHIT SHIT SHIT oh yeah"
"Sarah Jessica Parker's spring look"
"Swag..."
"Buckets of Cats"
"To anyone who bombs their first time up. (x-post from r/quotesporn)"
"For all the new redditors out there  hunting for karma..."
"cat in a box"
"It finally came in the mail!"
"The redditor's dilemma"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore..."
"I guess most people  including myself  are very selfish."
"Can I least pick who the poo comes from or what bird it comes from?"
"Would you rather..."
"What is this shit. (first)"
"What is this shit."
"My teacher showed the class this biology joke. I'm not ashamed to admit I laughed!"
"Tried the five letters after Imgur challenge again. I could bang my head in a wall fr a few hours and get less brain damage than how much brain damage this gave me."
"Anus Kitty"
"ScatCat - Literally."
"Not sure if intentional entendre or..."
"So...Random imgur"
"Don't believe this is from a real children's book. Prove me wrong."
"Did someone say Reddit?"
"The internet is a lot like Ancient egypt.."
"The internet is a lot like ancient Egypt.."
"Definition of the Internet."
"George Takei on Internet"
"A chipper WWII veteran"
"A chipper WWII veteran"
"Derp aww"
"Store was nearly out of Hurricane Chow"
"stock up people!"
"How I saw everything in the market this morning after realizing I hadn't bought groceries in preparation for Sandy."
"How it feels shopping before sandy"
"Essential supplies for East Coast redditors"
"who's your co-pilot?"
"god left the oven on  he had to go check"
"Scumbag Wonka."
"All of a sudden  you care."
"/r/WTF... more like /r/meh"
"How I feel listening to new &quot;metal&quot; music."
"I was giving a presentation about religious diversity when someone told me that evolution had been disproved"
"How I feel when my cousin talks about his plans to join anonymous"
"An interesting view of a Japanese WWII plane  sunk in the South Pacific"
"Every Friday Night Forever Alone"
"r/Conspiracy in a nutshell [Fixed]"
"And thus he did"
"Oops."
"Golfing 101"
"Welcome to Canada"
"Good cop  get the donut!"
"Who knew Paula Dean had such a great body?"
"Searched for happy chicken  wasn't disappointed"
"Bathe me in some butter  ya'll."
"I wanna be Power Ranger now."
"How I feel as a new redditor when I get upvoted"
"Hot girl from school finally uploaded her beach bikini pictures to facebook."
"The nice  warm feeling when you piss in your own pants."
"The nice  warm feeling when you piss in your own pants."
"MFW I realize there have been two major achievements for space exploration this year."
"No time to explain get in bananas!"
"so many questions"
"There is so much I don't understand in this picture"
"oh yeah....oh yeah."
"I'm not quite sure what to say about this  but it made me laugh."
"Teeth."
"The Land Before Time"
"Ladies and Gentlemen I present to you the king of the internet  Larry Gooseman! [Fixed]"
"Yes  I'd like to order a pizza"
"Sisters"
"Canadian C.S.I."
"Canadian CSI"
"&quot;OK  fine. I'll wear it. But just this one time.&quot;"
"Every day of my life."
"Real Drama."
"Say &quot;cheese&quot;"
"This guy is ballin"
"Like a boss."
"This looks like heaven to me"
"Fuck Physics"
"Leviticus also said 'No Hair Cuts' but I guess we are skipping that one. [PIC]"
"I guess we're also skipping the parts about tattoos  polyester  and shellfish."
"She's a keeper."
"B()()BS"
"Biggest boobs ever? You be the judge."
"Try not to stare  please."
"No seriously. STOP!"
"Taco Flavored Kisses"
"Ay ay ay ay ay."
"Ellen"
"only on Ellen"
"My favorite gif"
"Shake shake senora"
"How I usually feel after leaving an all you can eat buffet."
"TIL Gabe Newell has a beard now."
"Michael Jackson + a handle of Smirnoff + two midgets = one great picture"
"MJ BABYSITS?"
"nope nope nope....NOPE!"
"Spiders. In the trees."
"Beyond lost in translation."
"An arm and a leg"
"Starwars Joke"
"Nice Suit Vader"
"Ultimate Privacy."
"Everyones reaction when their song request comes on the radio."
"Found this on 4chan - thought it might belong here"
"Colds"
"So that's how we catch a cold"
"Why people get colds?"
"The best thing to ever come out of 4chan"
"dad of the year"
"How all my posts to Reddit seem to go"
"It's fucking Christmas so open your people and enjoy the day"
"In a parallel universe"
"Christmas in an alternate universe..."
"Let me ruin Christmas for you"
"Christmas Fun!"
"I don't even know..."
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe..."
"Let me ruin Christmas for you (x-post from r/funny)"
"Yep  Christmas ruined (x-post from r/funny)"
"This belongs here (x-post from r/funny)"
"This is the true issue this political season"
"Typical Canadian winter  eh"
"Good Times"
"Let The Good Times Roll"
"this is what happens when they let shamoo ride the rides"
"All my friends are dead."
"All my friends are dead."
"Im still alive"
"This show was great"
"My dreams shattered a long time ago."
"Timmy's dad always was my favorite"
"Basicly sums up me and my dad's relationship"
"Little conversation me and my father had other day"
"FINALLY  my Facebook delivers. Under the title &quot;Lyk if u LUV Jesus &lt;3&quot;"
"what the fuck is this nope right here?..."
"The beard is strong with this one."
"Tobey Maguire approves."
"How Moses really used his powers."
"How to ruin someone's day in 2 simple steps:"
"These are posted all over my city  The logo seems a little misleading"
"I can't think of a title"
"When ever I'm told I'm to harsh"
"Mascot fail."
"He gave it his best shot"
"So close and yet so far..."
"Almost!"
"Awesome maskot"
"Awesome mascot"
"Broba-fett"
"this is the worst feeling a human could possibly feel."
"this is the worst feeling a human could possibly feel [FIXED]"
"The worst feeling a human can fathom"
"Underground"
"Journey through the center of the earth"
"How it feels to be a republican reading /r/politics"
"Dr. Zoidberg looks different."
"Need surgery? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Fuck you  I'm a horse"
"I must go  my planet needs me!"
"I must go. My people need me."
"A real gangster"
"F' the police"
"Chinese ripoffs can be beautiful things..."
"Starfucks"
"BEARSHARKALOCTOPUS!!!"
"just take a nap"
"The future of our world"
"What does the far future bring? [x-post r/futurology]"
"why choose a lesser evil?"
"I know who is getting my vote tomorrow."
"Cute little baby"
"Baby Dolphin"
"The US was &quot;infected&quot; in 1962! ... x/post from r/gifs"
"The Walmart Rises"
"Overrun"
"Came across this. Couldn't help but laugh."
"If you were already too old for cartoons when Spongebob came out  you missed out."
"me riding the bus to work  every fucking morning"
"well  I know how he feels"
"How it feels pleasuring your woman for hours and suddenly ...."
"Why I always leave the house when my dad starts cleaning"
"Well  now I feel like shit..."
"I know this doesn't have anything to do with atheism  but I didn't know where else to put it."
"Selfie."
"Ladies and Gentlemen  the US Military."
"We're going down"
"Now this is a mindfuck."
"Wait for it..."
"this cat is not amused."
"Too many friends."
"I am babysitting my nieces and nephews for New Years..."
"They finally caught him.... now i can sleep at night..."
"I hope this motherfucker gets sentenced to life in prison."
"Could be anyone these days"
"Hulk smash Loki [Spoiler]"
"I whip Loki back and forth"
"Teenagers"
"Teenagers (FIXED)"
"The worst day ever for Reddit"
"tall. doin it!"
"This made me laugh harder than I ever had before."
"My reaction to seeing snakes on the front page today."
"I could look at these little blue balls for hours..."
"I can and do  watch this for hours on end"
"Winter Snow"
"Ain't no one fucks with tiny hippo. Ain't no one."
"You don't f**k with hippos"
"You don't f**k with tiny hippo"
"The tale of Tiny Hippo"
"Ain't no one."
"Ain't no one fuck with the tiny hippo"
"Ain't no one."
"Tiny Hippo had a Tiny Train. [☩post from r/awwwtf]"
"Ain't no one."
"Just a hedgehog taking a bath."
"Just a hedgehog taking a bath"
"Hello  I will be your sponge today."
"Hello  I will be your sponge today [fixed]"
"Chuck Norris unknown facts"
"Every redditor October 1st  2012"
"Calling all kids who grew up in the 20s"
"1920's Gaming"
"My Pig"
"I don't have a cat and it's my cake day  this is the best I could do."
"RESISTANCE IS FUTILE PIGLET"
"When there's one piece of bacon left..."
"How I feel when I get upvotes"
"That surreal moment when you realize the person who just interrupted your movie by opening your bedroom door  staring at you and running away isn't anyone you know and was trying to rob you."
"HI....UGHFWWWWWWW.....BYE......"
"I Always Get Dust In My Eye After Looking At This Macro"
"A wise advice...."
"No more tequila for this cat"
"my little friends"
"Something to drive your OCD crazy"
"Considering the size of the company  I thought this would never happen."
"eminem loves autograph's"
"Well...yeah..."
"Astronauts hang out at the..."
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Interesting."
"Perhaps this has gone a step too far..."
"Akinator knows."
"I want this picture as a huge poster for my room."
"nomnom"
"good guy osama?! newspaper article from 1993"
"Osama bin Laden: anti-Soviet warrior puts his army on the road to peace"
"Anti-Soviet warrior"
"Fortunately  I'm never hungry in the morning"
"I shall consider your offer."
"Wow McDonalds wtf"
"Epic Pokemon gif to pokemon theme"
"This is not the Pikachu I remember....."
"My eyes...Pikachu and Ash WTF"
"i googled Pokemon"
"Found this while browsing the internet. &quot;Aww&quot;"
"That just about sums up my feelings about this when I was a kid."
"Before Instagram"
"And thus  Instagram was created. - Imgur"
"Before Instagram"
"Now  can somebody tell me what the HELL would cause this?"
"Bad Ram Decisions."
"Sitting on top of the world is your oyster"
"Oh Sandy..."
"Oh Sandra D"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"how to dress your kids."
"If historical events had Facebook updates...Fucking Awesome..."
"Me in the morning before my coffee"
"When my contacts start to dry."
"Pose for the Camera"
"Draw me like on of your French girls."
"The Eye of the Storm."
"every time i hear &quot;hurricane sandy&quot;"
"I can't be the only one thinking this..."
"Dat Ass"
"Rebel war cry"
"In the midnight hour  she cried &quot;MErermErmer&quot;"
"Probably my favorite pic on the Internet."
"whats wrong with him? shaq is being harrassed.."
"What I want to do when I dont know the answer to a question in school."
"I'm sure no one is watching."
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"Not the cops!"
"Friend Posted this to FB titled &quot;Streaker at our game&quot;"
"Streaker in College Football Game (xpost r/CFB)"
"a picture of the streaker from the Texas Tech vs West Virginia game (SFW)"
"Guy partially streaking during our Homecoming game. (SFW)"
"Streaker at Texas Tech vs West Virginia game"
"Taser or Bath Salts?"
"Photogenic Cop and Streaker."
"Incredible Den Yakovlev Tattoo"
"Meow why so serious?"
"Why so serious?"
"They're all saved"
"may I?"
"An email i've never seen before just emailed this to me..."
"When I see a Celeb AMA"
"Mondays"
"Don't Forget..."
"Happy Birthday to a great atheist"
"Why I love Penn Jillette"
"My Leg"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate."
"We got a martyr over here! [FIXED]"
"Jesus?..."
"How it feels to unsubscribe from r/athiesm"
"I love the Internet."
"Sleeping Sperm Whales Off the Coast of the Azores  Portugal"
"TIL sperm whales sleep erect."
"TIL sperm whales sleep erect."
"15 is this many"
"Gimme dat  I got this! Later  sucker!"
"Grand Dog Auto"
"Yeah  I'm just gonna go ahead and take this... thanks..."
"My sled!"
"Iron man iron..... man.."
"Tony Stark has pressing needs."
"What Iron Man does in his off time"
"White People."
"&quot;Oh Meester Pingwin! You're so funny!&quot;"
"The best thing about being a parent"
"Awww"
"to keep your pimp hand strong"
"Why am I laughing so hard?"
"You're so shallow Charles"
"YEAH  CHARLES!"
"Various tributes to video games and movies by Patrick Brown (Grand Theft Auto Legends)"
"What I feel like after reading any political thread on reddit"
"Tiny Hippo... Gets me every time"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Radical Islam"
"Islam is Radical...dude"
"Lounging Kangaroo"
"That's one cool kangaroo"
"Relaxed Kangaroo - Go on meme generators  do your best/worst...."
"DUBSTEP BALL in FACE"
"slow motion water balloon in the face"
"Waterballon exploding"
"&quot;Ball so hard motherf*ckers wanna find me&quot;"
"Take a ride with Hitler"
"Riding with Hitler"
"Tourist Guy - The infamous photoshop hoax that trolled 9/11."
"Well... I'm going to hell for laughing"
"This is not what it looks like"
"Gorilla mom does not approve."
"Fun's over  kid"
"Everyone over on r/diablo"
"Out of boredom  I tried to take a photo of a my sink draining  I got a photo of an eye shaped whirlpool instead."
"Picture of draining sink that looks like an eye [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Tried taking a picture of a sink draining  wound up with a picture of an eye instead. (X-post r/mildlyinteresting)"
"What started it all."
"“I have all the characteristics of a human being: flesh  blood  skin  hair … but not a single  clear  identifiable emotion  except for greed and disgust.” American Psycho (2000)"
"So true"
"What it's like having expensive sushi the first time"
"Yay  my tax refund came in!"
"This happens once per month (So sad)"
"Watching porn when all of a sudden the guy makes a noise..."
"The sun has finally come out in England"
"I miss this guy - Imgur"
"Move the Deer Crossing Sign to Where There's Less Traffic"
"Brilliant"
"Great find by George Tekai today"
"Facepalm"
"Dancing Polar Bear"
"dancing-polar-bear"
"dancing-polar-bear"
"This is what you look like right now."
"The irony of this post"
"This is what you look like right now.Pretty bang on."
"Funny captcha comics..."
"Little known fact: Sheep hate hippies"
"Hipster kitty in real life"
"Best nursery ever."
"FOR THE GLORY OF SATAN"
"FOR THE GLORY OF SATAN (xpost /WTF)"
"Even after a long day  this picture still gets me."
"Why?"
"We must adorn our new king with presents"
"Pure joy."
"That shit is bananas"
"How I feel when one of my posts reaches front page."
"Small arms? IDGAF."
"Bless you!"
"Aww/WTF/funny all in one. I love you WTFers most  so here you go."
"Disgusting Level: 99"
"So I've heard Reddit likes cute cats"
"How are cats cute?"
"Damn cat! You`re so nasty!"
"Now thats a proper Scarecrow!"
"A scarecrow living up to its name"
"Zach? Is that you?"
"Make a Wish has really stepped up their game"
"Meanwhile in Russia [FIXED]"
"My friend just posted this on her Facebook."
"Just some art-work I was commissioned for"
"Isn't that guy the Russian DJ I saw the other day on here?"
"No.. Just go die!"
"Riding Dirty"
"I googled what will get me to the front page of reddit and this came up. So yeah. [maybe nsfw]"
"A sign of great planning."
"the thought if moving home to your parents as a &quot;graduate&quot;...with no job (my parents are so happy)"
"Kickass and Pirate Bay are both down right now."
"While reddit was down..."
"This is an ad in yesterday's local paper. Fucking Lancaster Ohio."
"magic trick"
"That's right  run."
"Tablecloth trick fail"
"You can only be so lucky"
"TaDa!"
"Mona Lisa 2012"
"FTFY"
"For all the grammar nazis out there"
"Yep  it's wood."
"Identifying Wood"
"Anybody feel like a game of golf?"
"Mom wanted to use my computer  I told her to gimme a minute"
"I FUCKING LOVE TICKLES"
"Continue..."
"Met after a long time."
"Sorry Guys  if there's a fire we're all just gonna die  ok?"
"Hank Hill"
"Wrestler Hank Hill"
"Tacky fetish (NSFW)"
"Waaait a minute... I've done this before..."
"Admiring.."
"Karmas a bitch"
"I see what you did there Pixar"
"Every time I see the damn battery indicator.."
"Happens everyday"
"Redditor's attempt at relationships."
"Volcanic eruption from the air"
"Maybe this is why I don't have a girlfriend..."
"This guy after this is single or not?"
"That's one way to ride the train."
"Thats one way to ride bart.."
"Taking a cab to penn station and the cab driver gives me a weird look."
"Bitch"
"Perhaps tomorrow then"
"I always check the comments for file quality before I download a torrent."
"So I googled Reddit in a nutshell..."
"Reddit in a nutshell [fixed]"
"Why  Slippy...?"
"went to spacedicks...will never be the same"
"Squirrel Dance"
"I think someone on reddit started this..."
"Hangover Cat"
"This is not going to end well..."
"This is what bone cancer of the skull looks like. NOPE."
"My Favourite gif"
"Seconds before that famous scene was shot"
"Industry vs Nature"
"I dont even know how to explain this? nsfw"
"Wheatley? Wheatley??? Noooooo..."
"How it feels to be a conservative on Reddit."
"Whenever i try post anything to reddit."
"What usually happens when I post on reddit."
"What it feels like to be a repost"
"How I feel after submitting post with bad grammar [NSFW]"
"This is how I feel when I downvote someone in /new"
"Beautiful forest"
"Today is my reddit birthday. Here's a bacon narwhal!"
"Relevant..."
"Lunch Time"
"The Bacon Narwhal"
"its not midnight?"
"Which one of you made this?"
"But is it midnight?"
"Pocket bacon narwhale"
"Thanks clown.. you ruined my childhood."
"The original Ronald McDonald (from 1963) [FIXED]"
"Apparently some one at the office did this"
"i went to the next one..."
"Apparently  it's ok to have sex with your doppleganger."
"Orwell vs. Huxley"
"Aldous Huxley vs. George Orwell"
"Unfortunately it seems both Huxley and Orwell were right."
"How I felt every time my mom would make me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich."
"Erin O' Keefe - Eaten by mountain rats - 1876"
"Thanks...-cough-asshole-cough-"
"Taste Buds"
"Worst. Wish. EVER!"
"Worst. Wish. EVER!"
"The most adorable baby pig"
"So how's *your* summer been?"
"Don't mind me  you guys. [NSFW]"
"The joy! [NSFW]"
"When I'm masturbating watching HD fit porn"
"Hick Having Fun (NSFW)"
"When i see you"
"When I see you."
"When I see you."
"When I see you."
"Anyone seen Marty today?"
"UP TOP!"
"Epic high-five!"
"Now that my friends are starting to have kids..."
"Now that my friends are starting to have kids... (repost from /r/funny)"
"What facebook is like when all your friends start having kids."
"Facebook newsfeed after college"
"Sooo  I am a dad now...."
"Flavored Water"
"Hey guys check out my Friend Owling on a Huge Cat!"
"To the asshole giving my little brother a bible instead of candy:"
"One More Day; My Sweet."
"Tonight....YOU!"
"Today  I got suspended from school and my principle asked me what I was going to do for the next 3 days. The answer was too easy."
"It will be alright."
"Is this rule real??"
"Do You Believe In Magic?"
"Troll Dad"
"Magic trick"
"Irony"
"just chillin at the beach"
"This guy... Respect!"
"Every time I trick someone into going to /r/spacedicks"
"Finding out your getting paid time and half at the end of a long day.."
"I Make It Rain"
"Browsing /r/aww while stoned"
"Giving the rabbit his bath."
"Bunny bathtime"
"Er  you missed a bit..."
"Er  you missed a bit..."
"Spanish Bodybuilder."
"Hey bro  I think you missed a spot."
"Tanning fail!"
"Gives a whole new meaning to the phrase I am biracial."
"The longer you stare the funnier it gets."
"Missed a spot"
"Bodybuilder Photoshop Fail in Real Life!"
"No one will notice that I missed a spot."
"What I think of when I hear &quot;Mixed Race&quot;"
"Herp Derpington....Bodybuilder"
"Oh God... Dat... face?"
"Missed a spot."
"Do you even lift?"
"Missed a Spot."
"Ya missed a spot  bro."
"Missed a spot..."
"I think you forgot something there buddy"
"the only way to get upvotes these days"
"Forces of good and evil"
"My Little Pony. (NSFW)"
"Today you  tomorrow me"
"A soft top? Seriously?! smh"
"They see me rolling..."
"Just make sure she doesnt notice us driving by her house"
"Now... where did I park"
"How I felt finding r/girlsinyogapants"
"Terrible mistake"
"I immediately regret this decision"
"The most accurate pie chart"
"The best way to teach someone how a pie chart works."
"Wtf Jesus"
"Don't be racist! Be like Mario."
"Don't Be Racist!"
"Don't be rascist; Mario style"
"Don't be racist"
"Would you let her BJ you?"
"Infinities within Infinities"
"Thanks  but all my awe and reverence is for real things."
"Both are chaotic equations  part of God..."
"People change."
"How I feel when I come back to Reddit and see that I've been downvoted into oblivion."
"Walking in on your parents"
"When you post something  go out  and come back to realize you are on the front page."
"When I went to put the dogs out  and noticed just how many black widows live on my back porch."
"My face all throughout reading chapter 601. (SPOILER-FREE)"
"Oh God  Oh Man  Oh God!"
"When I realized my engineering final was actually last Thursday"
"So Facebook is down..."
"Opening my parents closet at Christmas time when I was a kid."
"My reaction to losing 1 of my 3 link karma after a failed post on /r/funny..."
"The doctor hypes a rap battle"
"Going to /r/FiftyFifty the first time"
"Haven't been on imgur in 6 days. This is my reaction after launching the gallery today"
"Gettin down to business...."
"Mezmerizing"
"Pink flamingo problem? I can solve that..."
"Woke up this morning to see this..."
"Gnome  gnome  gnome"
"Effective Lawn Gnomes"
"Zombie Lawn Gnomes"
"A witty view on religion from a fabulous atheist"
"Christian  Atheists  and solo vs Jabba"
"Childhood memories"
"These...are not the hammer."
"Here comes the train!"
"Samuel L. CATson loves people food"
"GIMME"
"She likes to be fed."
"My buddy's cat loves Chef Boyardee"
"My exact reaction"
"Playing Slender with a friend"
"How I feel about hurricane Sandy when I live in Florida"
"How I feel trying to do work with people up north while I am in Florida."
"How I feel about the hurricane being a Floridian"
"People in the Northeast right now."
"As a Floridian  I laughed at how true this is"
"Are you telling me you built a repost... out of a DeLorean?"
"This is Heavy  Doc"
"How i feel when i go from reddit to stumblupon"
"Just wait until they visit 9gag."
"Probably a repost"
"What i think every time i see a repost  well not every time."
"So I went to 9Gag for the first time today..."
"So I went to Reddit today...."
"Every time I peruse /new.."
"If we had compound eyes."
"Just showed this gif to my sister - her response: &quot;I don't get it&quot;"
"Ok  she may have taken it a little far.."
"Do you love me now Daddy?"
"Justin Bieber won awards for his music?"
"Just got back from an incredible African Safari where I saw some amazing animals. These are the best pics I took of them [imgur album]"
"Every time a girl hits on me."
"Don't worry! They're faux!"
"I already called Xzibit...."
"Don't do this to your pets."
"It's a META PUG"
"Pugception"
"My attempts to reach the front page"
"I think she wants me to remove it from her tongue"
"She likes showing me what's on her tongue"
"He Wants You"
"The original Scumbag Steve"
"Mars Rover's Newest Panorama  It Feels Like You’re There"
"NEW Panoramic Photo of the Gorgeous Martian Landscape!"
"NASA unveils picture from mars"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum ¯\(°_o)/¯"
"I searched 'weasel' to find a reference for drawing and this came up..."
"Dat ass!"
"God answers prayers!"
"Do or do not... there is no try (pic)"
"YOda he is a dog"
"The Jedi Master ..."
"Hard Core."
"SHOCKING Arachnid abuse caught on camera. Sick internet abuse-ring Reddit upvotes to the stratosphere."
"Not the average Redditor [x-post /r/wtf]"
"worst escalator story"
"Now  I elevate."
"So fresh"
"10 points!"
"Just got these guys at staples"
"Blue mountain lake"
"Jesus is Back. For Real."
"I hate plastic packaging"
"When the person I'm arguing with makes a mistake."
"How I'm feeling about studying right now..."
"Racism."
"Racism"
"Going to hell  but... I will still be laughing when I get there."
"Every damn time i try to take a normal picture of my gf..."
"Trying to be a Knight of /new"
"When I Realize I Slept through three periods after waking up in the library"
"Ssssshhhhh it's a library"
"That's a licker to me"
"Lick attack"
"Definition of a bad day"
"So this happened in Aberdeen  Scotland yesterday."
"Me whever the dominos pizza tracker goes up a level"
"The white Carlton Banks"
"When my post gets an upvote"
"How I feel whenever my friend tells me that we're out of rum - Imgur"
"What is this?"
"I cannot accurately describe this..."
"Googling Anne Hathaway... this was one of the first images to pop up."
"Borrowed some clothes  hope you don't mind"
"WHY?!"
"Great concept  poor excecution."
"because he can"
"Using the random imgur image finder from another thread..."
"If I wanna take a shit while standing  I´m gonna take a shit while standing. [GIF]"
"This is what the future can bring us."
"Yeah that's creepy"
"This made me laugh uncontrollably."
"My favorite gif ever"
"Here  have an upvote."
"Here have an upvote (xpost from /r/funny)"
"What it feels like to give an upvote to a post in New."
"How Upvotes are made"
"The Mighty Upvote"
"Yesterday's post went down well  so I present the opposite: The Mighty Upvote"
"What it's like every time I upvote."
"Left 4 Recess"
"According to my nephew  this is how recess is at his school."
"Tara Reid Photobomb."
"Tara Reid Photobomb."
"Flawless Victory. NSFW"
"Well that was uncalled for"
"Interesting."
"Flawless Victory (nsfw)"
"The Beer Tank. (Not sure if repost)"
"Felix Baumgartner's Red Bull control deck and him Jumping at 96 640 feet"
"Meanwhile In North Korean Heaven"
"My next Spring Break location."
"A Friendly Message from North Korean Weather Network."
"I saw this ad while browsing youtube.."
"So this ad popped up on my facebook news feed..."
"So this ad popped up on my facebook news feed..."
"It was always my dream."
"What's with the baby?"
"Youtube ads are getting weird."
"It's been raining for a week."
"Well its raining in Vancouver  I think I'll go......"
"found this on my fb newsfeed"
"When someone posts &quot;my favorite gif of all time&quot; or &quot;can't stop watching&quot;"
"Five minutes left on my cake day  eh?"
"Here's your choices"
"Reasons to put spiderman in the avengers 2"
"Photoshop troll"
"Photoshop service"
"Photoshopped to perfection."
"Little help here"
"Best tasting beer"
"Not so extreme...."
"Hollywood gives us unrealistic expectations."
"Hollywood gives us unrealistic expectations. (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Reaction when seeing my post get upvotes but then seemingly disappear off the radar"
"when I realized I forgot to feed my cat before going on vacation..."
"When I'm home alone watching TV and I hear a noise in my house."
"When I'm home alone watching TV and I hear a noise in my house."
"Mfw i realised it was my first cake day..."
"Yeah  we all shine on...as you still do. Happy 72nd Birthday!"
"Because getting food in your hair would just look ridiculous"
"Anyone know what kind of dog this is??"
"Baby Dingo"
"I'd let this dingo eat my baby.. DAWW"
"I present to you...... Rediculously Photogenic Dog."
"Upvoting a post with 0 karma."
"I'm scared of paper now..."
"Found this on Fb..."
"Everyday I'm Flipperin'"
"So this is why my electricity keeps going out"
"Whenever I try to exercise"
"An analogy regarding how my dates go can be made here..."
"Clark Kent Loses Powers Mid-Takeoff"
"And he's up in the air."
"Superman"
"My favorite gif. Use responsibly"
"Constellations"
"What it feels like when I try to learn the constellations."
"How I feel deleting a post downvoted into oblivion."
"Deleting something with -1 karma"
"Redditors who delete comments"
"Prepare your cheeks  it's Hurricane Sandy"
"A wallet  watch  waffles"
"Everytime I hear about Hurricane Sandy I think about SpongeBob..."
"Oh sandy..."
"Sure thing!"
"This just popped up in my facebook feed."
"I need water  Sandy. [X-post from /r/Sandy]"
"How I imagine this hurricane"
"Sandy  I need water"
"Please  water!"
"Not sure if repost"
"I may not go down in history..."
"Found a pic of this dude on my fb news feed earlier tonight..."
"Scientists fired a laser from the the Paranal Observatory into the center of the Milky Way. We are living in the future."
"Will Smith goes North."
"Fresh prince of Canada (xpost from r/Canada)"
"Nymphaeaceae"
"Lily pond @ Sunset."
"I believe there are bad reasons to do things. Religion is one of those things. Here is a quote from Joss saying just that:"
"popped up in my fb newsfeed.. thought this might belong here"
"x-post  but i had to"
"popped up in my fb newsfeed. wanted to share on reddit!"
"How I feel basking in my over 100 karma"
"I'm watching you fap..."
"all i could think was  someone got paid to come up with this..."
"A beautiful  haunting piece of advertising"
"I raise you Carrie Fisher and present to you Bob Ross' happy little coke nail..."
"This magnificent bastard would have been 70 today."
"Taking a drink"
"How I feel when downvoting somebody I had upvoted in the past"
"How it feels after my first post makes it to the 4th page of r/all"
"It is that simple."
"I think yes."
"Dub Bear"
"This is one cool cat."
"Wino Cat"
"Creepy"
"How I felt while Reddit was down."
"Getting a 4 minute long ad on Youtube and no way to skip it."
"You can be anything!"
"Lobster trap"
"Dog Logic"
"When one of my best friends tries to tell me why i need to &quot;give my life to god&quot;"
"I'm crying tears of joy"
"guaranteed laugh for at least five minutes..."
"spacesuits are for pussies"
"The best Stratos Jump gif i've seen so far."
"Felix(the cat)jumps from the stratosphere."
"The real big jump"
"What you didnt get to see @ Stratos jump."
"Jump from the edge of the world"
"Red Bull Stratos Cat"
"Feline Baumgartner"
"Felix the Cat (animated gif)"
"Look at me! I'm a bird!"
"Cat jump from 24 miles up"
"SAIL at Mach 1"
"Felix Baumgartner is a pussy."
"Feline Baumgartner"
"Space Jump: Sail"
"It's Felix  the cat!"
"So I searched for &quot;angry old lady&quot; and this was on the first page..."
"She's pretty horny..."
"I always hate it when this happens."
"Unicorn lady"
"Searched for &quot;Jesus Poop Art&quot; This is not what I expected at all!"
"No. No. He did what?"
"Well that's impressive."
"BMX backflip"
"Im not sure this is how its suppose to work.."
"Derp Jesus"
"Jeebus Churst"
"This was a surprise to find in my School Work folder."
"When I try to run from a bee"
"Go away fish!"
"I'm telling you man  I barely escaped from that huge monster!"
"Are we talking about the weather  or my ex-girlfriend?"
"So this is a legitimate price scale at my local body shop..."
"The Harvey Dent (Two-face) of the cat world."
"The Coolest Cat Ever"
"This indecisive little aww is a little two-faced"
"Redditor cuts two kittens in half and sews opposite halves together; saves the other two halves for when the karma train stops."
"every day he relives his birth"
"what kind of haircut?"
"With expected results  Nightcrawler played football for Auburn"
"Seeing Nightcrawler play college football"
"The facial movements at the end are just fantastic."
"&quot;No one will ever believe you&quot;"
"An albino crow."
"How I'm sure I look when I check out a girl"
"Gannet"
"I'm lovin' it."
"Every Time I See a Hot Girl.."
"Mary Sayboldt - Realist."
"The original OAG"
"The most popular girl in the school goes to prom with this nobody because he drove to her house and gave her roses."
"confidence level: boss"
"Cats + box = you already know"
"Throwin' Hunnids"
"When I'm winning at Monopoly..."
"How to Draw an Owl"
"Just that easy..."
"super easy owl drawing tutorial!"
"How I feel when people tell me to be myself and stop caring what other people think."
"Adolf Hipster"
"Was replaying Half Life 2 when I noticed Alyx also kicks it old school"
"This is what snake venom does to blood"
"Real-life Scooby Doo! (is that Shaggy in the background?)"
"Statistics"
"Statistics"
"Sums up my first post to reddit."
"Pretty sure we've all seen this one before  but does anyone remember what it's called? Looking to get one for my pad."
"Happy Birthday  you magnificent bastard."
"In Soviet Russia the room removes you!"
"Realy one year..."
"I think it's been way more than a year"
"Is really sweet"
"Those eyes!"
"Hi"
"Reddit Meet Sparkles"
"Picture of Cat"
"An amorphous cloud of puppy..."
"I came here to solve for X..."
"Gay Marriage is a Slippery Slope"
"that's not how to get screwed"
"Lights"
"Sure he did..."
"Goodnight from us"
"Meanwhile in Scotland"
"The only time you should be confused by restroom signs. [FIXED]"
"The only [other] [other] time you should be confused by bathroom signs."
"The only other [other] time to be confused at a restroom sign."
"How I feel when trying to find something on Netflix."
"My thoughts seeing all these Twinkie memes"
"Is It Just Me?"
"This is how we do it"
"But... but... but he's my friend"
"Bu-But I love spiderman"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"im sorry"
"STD (Space Transmitted Disease)"
"Joe Kittinger Jumped From The Edge of Space in 1960 - Give The Man Some Credit"
"Me as a non-english speaker browsing pirate reddit"
"Huh?"
"When im doing something and I just realize my music stopped playing a long time ago"
"When the waiter walks by with something better then what you ordered"
"Accidentally Clicking On r/Spacedicks"
"I don't know why  but I fucking love this gif"
"My face whenever someone doesn't corner hit the bowl in rotation."
"This one still gets me every time."
"The f*ck was that?"
"reddit  you and your silly cats"
"When I'm listening to an older song on a friend Ipod and it turns to be a crappy remix"
"If this doesn't fill you with WTF juices then I don't know what will."
"Follow your dreams!"
"Humble Indie #4 coming soon!"
"OkCupid P.S. I'm creepy"
"My experience with online dating thus far"
"Say cheee-OOOOHF"
"Asia is falling to a new low in messed up entertainment"
"Once again  this only happens in Japan"
"How I feel downvoting a post at -2..."
"Whenever I downvote a comment to -1"
"The only good thing about living in Alabama [xpost from r/MobileAL]"
"Correction - The worst part about living in Alaska."
"Your Email Address"
"Before I Knew You"
"Zach Galifianakis &amp; Ben Stiller"
"When I receive lots of karma from a good post"
"GO GO POWER RANGERS!!!"
"My thoughts about moving into my Uni house"
"How I feel after getting layed off from work today"
"How half of you get your karma."
"How I imagine the folders of Reddit users"
"the etiquette of eating doritos"
"Just a monk sharing his noms with a tiger"
"Something about this photo really hit the soft spot"
"Monk shares his supper with a tiger."
"Just got a new phone number. How I feel going through my contacts to see who gets it."
"How I feel seeing a post at 0 karma and placing it in the negatives with no regret"
"Oh  so you saw something on your newsfeed that you thought deserved better?"
"I've lost a few pounds lately"
"Gotta love scrambled eggs!"
"Not impressed being forever alone"
"Like a boss!"
"Remember  remember..."
"As a new Redditor  this is my reaction to seeing my karma go up by even 1 point"
"My reaction when my karma jumped from 1 to 47 overnight"
"How I felt when I got my first bit of karma on Reddit."
"So human-like..!"
"Obama comforting woman in New Jersey"
"Truer words..."
"USB stick for women"
"Tampon USB"
"A Tampon USB"
"A tuba seemed like the appropriate instrument for the situation..."
"Splat."
"Festive realtor"
"Vandalism gold."
"Holiday Graffiti"
"I don't know much spanish but....."
"Merry Christmas  Hispanic Redditors!"
"&amp; happy holidays"
"christmas vandalism"
"Holiday Vandalism"
"The new KKK?"
"Fist of the North Star + special guest."
"Spidey Getting All the Feels. (gif.)"
"Surprise Spidey"
"Surprise Spidey [FIXED]"
"Lionel Spiderman"
"Spidey Surprise"
"After almost a year on reddit with no successful posts and seeing I have karma."
"(V)_(;  ;)_(V)"
"Apparently there are 75 band names in this pic"
"There are 70 bands in this picture. Can Reddit find them all?"
"I think I'm submitting a really classy link then..."
"How I imagine marriage is after fifty to sixty years."
"Let me introduce the scorpion-fly! (Real bug)"
"Scorpionfly"
"Master Of Dildos"
"Onward my followers!"
"Hurricane Sandy  in case you're looking for a specific target"
"OAG.."
"Last time I let my friend babysit..."
"Let this serve as a PSA for future parents"
"Chicks warming each other"
"Awww"
"Look at these women right side up  oh God..."
"It's called the Thatcher effect"
"bwaa"
"D:"
"Monday mornings"
"A great metaphor for life"
"Alright guys  which one of you made this?"
"Pillow."
"Police Notes"
"Oh  just shut the fuck up and sign here"
"Another type of marine mammal"
"Baby + First Grapefruit"
"Every time I eat plain yogurt thinking it's vanilla..."
"Indeed  madam. (Crossposted from /r/funny)"
"America."
"Just saw this in my newsfeed"
"The most pawerful"
"The cat has performed Inception....."
"Rough day for a mom at the airport."
"Rough day for Scorpion at the airport.."
"Popped up on my FB feed  made my Monday."
"Trying to grab the remote without waking up my girlfriend"
"Got Mithril?"
"Got Mithril?"
"I've been training my whole life for this moment."
"Bathtime? You can't make me..."
"Ring ring"
"Hitler was a very tortured soul."
"Mein Swag Auf!"
"Heut' ist mein tag"
"Hitler DOTA"
"Eating TOO much crab."
"Advertising vs Reality"
"Buzz Kill."
"How I react when I run into a happy person on Mondays:"
"SHIT TYRONE"
"I have nothing to give for my birthday but here is Tyrone doing horrible in Jeopardy!"
"Old but it gets me every time"
"Gotta Love Imgur Roulette"
"Tyrone."
"I would happily die if she asked me to..."
"If ezio was a girl"
"White People"
"this makes me cringe"
"One job. You had one job."
"YOU HAD ONE JOB."
"trying to get to the front page..."
"Can't tell if Photoshopped  or just India"
"Mexico"
"Are they racist?"
"Asking the questions that need to be answered"
"A baby chinchilla drinking milk."
"Dickey Mouse"
"The morning after most drunken hook ups"
"Developers take note: this is how you win over the PC crowd."
"I only need one splayd"
"The utensil we all dream of."
"Splayd"
"Yes  this is an actual PC Game screenshot"
"I love its face"
"Is this all true? [Jesus v Horus]"
"Found this post of Facebook  thought it belonged here"
"Jesus the Pharaoh's Messiah"
"cereal toys"
"I took away my kittens favorite toy to fix it  then this happened"
"Please forgive me"
"How Wars Are Won"
"&quot;...And that was how we won the war&quot;"
"God bless whoever makes these..."
"What do you see in the mirror of erised?"
"Every time I post here.."
"Every time I get down voted to oblivion."
"dem toes"
"Thought this little guy was missing something else."
"My friend gave her dog eyebrows."
"Do something with this. My friend's dog simply doesn't give a shit. Smug bastard."
"Somethings not quite right here"
"Well hello..."
"Instant boredom cure...just add eyebrows!"
"I don't think I have seen a cuter animal sneeze."
"Because I'm Worth It"
"Easy  breezy  beautiful  cover squirrel"
"Perfect timing"
"Perfect timing squirrel"
"Nature"
"Wait for it."
"I just love the thing about otters  is that when they sleep they hold hands so they don't float away from eachother"
"Sea otters hold hands to keep from drifting apart while sleeping. &lt;3"
"r/aww could use a little otter love  cant they?"
"I bet all cats think of this"
"Every time on the morning of my payday"
"My $3 000 tax-return check came today"
"Kitty epiphany"
"Looking at Business cat memes and stumbled across this"
"You should...you should."
"Exactly how I feel this morning after finding out I won $780 for winning my fantasy golf league"
"Living in the Northeast and seeing the weather."
"Something was missing  then one day it all became clear..."
"Why would you do this?"
"Hedgehogs are selfish"
"Some very cool (actual) pencil sculptures!"
"Required reading."
"Shaaark!"
"How I picture religious people."
"does this gif have a source? dying to know whats this about  movie  commercial?"
"First time daddy sees his 3-week-old daughter. Priceless."
"Humpty Dumpty has never been so creepy"
"I will follow the rules however I want."
"I'm pretty sure that's not what the sign means. (x-post r/linguistics)"
"He wants the JFK shot  the Pink Mist."
"When a girl texts me hey with like five y's"
"NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA"
"Batman Dreams na na na nana na"
"It's All About Perspective"
"....Maybe?"
"Yes. Just yes."
"saw this on facebook; i laughed just a little"
"fabulous"
"Ah yes  the classic..."
"Sesame Street Reunion"
"Bert and Ernie 2099"
"Well  there goes my childhood..."
"Don't you fucking lie to me you bastard."
"Snorlax."
"From Acquaintances to Best Friends (x-post from /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"From Acquaintances to Best Friends (x-post from /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"From Acquaintances to Best Friends (x-post from /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"This show gave me nightmares as a kid."
"Why Canada is Awesome"
"Just Some Food for Thought"
"OMG snow!"
"Lance Armstrong biopic. A new blockbuster by Michael Bay."
"Kermit Gives Zero Fucks"
"Mickey's beat machine"
"This guy gives 0 fucks about hurricane Sandy"
"What hurricane?"
"this guy..."
"YOLO"
"this guy..."
"This is my favorite guy in the entire world right now."
"'merica in the eye of the storm."
"YOLO!"
"yolo?"
"Good morning reddit"
"First Time I Can Say!!! I Am High On r/Trees [5]"
"How I feel now reddit is back online"
"My reaction when learning about relativity for the first time in physics class"
"You shouldn't have done that  Brendon..."
"25 years of Zelda"
"25 Years of Zelda"
"The. Legend. of. Zelda."
"A very creative collage of zelda stuff"
"As a Zelda fan for life  this blew my mind."
"25 years of Zleda"
"Tomorrow the suspense is broken..."
"Holy shit  we're small [Pic]"
"Whenever I see this pic I'm disappointed that chances are we won't be able to find out whats out there in our lifetime"
"May not be entirely related to atheism  but which god could be bothered to make all of this..."
"They can never get that flavor just right"
"The greatest discovery ever made."
"In order to celebrate - here are all the awesome animal pictures I've gathered in the last year  Cheers!"
"Four Seasons Hotel - Bora Bora"
"Crystalline Turquoise Lake  Jiuzhaigou National Park  China"
"Seems familiar(x-post from r/pics)"
"A honeybee's final sting."
"A Bee Sting"
"The final flight of a honey bee. [990x965] (Cake)"
"Perfect timing"
"Bee Sting."
"Woke up to this picture this morning. I'm not sure if I'm disgusted or impressed by this guy's shameless-ness."
"He's a babe alright"
"Introducing the college sophomore meme!"
"Every time I post something on reddit"
"NCAA officially changed the Penn State mascot"
"To all the SF win posts online..."
"Pizza good. Pizza bad. Ok  enough."
"Dramatic Chihuahua (xpost from HIFW)"
"Reminds me of prison."
"Slow and steady wins the ra... oh. (xWTFpost)"
"Look at this dog."
"Found this in my neighborhood..."
"ORIENTAL SLAP"
"Is that cows ass on fire?"
"Why is the Truth so Tasty?"
"Nintendo's Greatest hits."
"nintendo's greatest hits"
"This one is for the gamers..."
"Bad Parenting"
"Oh  fuck."
"... Wait."
"If you are what you eat"
"Found out I got these in my backyard."
"What is the opposite of r/aww? The Star Nosed Mole of course"
"Touche"
"Batman got burned"
"500 Days of Poo"
"Literally?"
"Who else loved this."
"What you do when you walk through a spiderweb"
"How I feel when I finally finish everything for class"
"Walking through a spiderweb"
"How I react when I walk into a spider web"
"saw my karma jump today. this happened."
"When I hear a fly buzz by my ear"
"When I saw that shark week was the last week of my summer break"
"Potential Redditor In The Making"
"Just the inside of a Leatherback Sea Turtle's mouth. NOPE."
"I almost passed out when I saw this anti-rape device. [FIXED]."
"The inside of a Leatherback Turtle's mouth. Thank god they only eat Jellyfish!"
"Worst. Blowjob. Ever."
"Worst.Blowjob.Ever"
"Amazing Rainbow Over My School's Football Stadium"
"This was the site at this Appalachian State's first home game"
"Got balled."
"This gets funnier with every view"
"How I feel after getting only one upvote on my cakeday post."
"every time I think a post will get me a lot of karma"
"Didn't quite turn out as planned (FAIL)"
"How I feel about all of these &quot;I used to be {faith}  now I'm an atheist&quot; stories ..."
"Hi. This is not my reddit account  it was just open on this computer. I'm hoping this is the owners face after he get's back.[Fixed]"
"Baby chameleon"
"New haircut!"
"Too precious..."
"I mean they aren't the best donuts..."
"You're doing it right: The Last Airbender"
"You're doing it Right"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand I'll never be cool compared to this kid."
"Could someone turn this into a down vote GIF?"
"Gimme Five?"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! [x-post r/funny]"
"Nuclear Launch Detected"
"Happily Ever After?"
"Things didn't work out so well for Snow White"
"Oh snap.."
"interesting thought"
"Now he has even more respect."
"I'll see your canned fishmouths and raise you canned cans"
"Canception"
"My day wasn't going as smoothly as i would have liked it. and then this happens."
"Photo of the Milky Way from Mars"
"Stunning view of The Milky Way from the surface of Mars."
"Gorgeous view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"A difference in life."
"What I give to every nice customer I get after getting so many bad ones when working fast food."
"How creationists end ontological debates (X-Post r/funny)"
"Based on a true story?"
"Morning surf check...."
"Tim Lincecum was in dazed and confused?"
"Mitch Kramer used to touch his nose too much. Now he wins championships."
"Mmmm..."
"Even the makers of Plague Inc. think half-life 3 is taking too long!"
"i am a dj and every single time someone asks me to play this song..."
"Don't Speak."
"This is not what I want to see when I'm about take a final."
"What's that ??"
"Suddenly... a cat"
"...HEADSHOT"
"BOOM headshot"
"How Dark Knight Rises could have been a 30 minute movie"
"Ass..."
"Example #1 of why proper kerning is important."
"Example #1 of why proper kerning is important."
"Knockout FAP"
"My favourite bit from the bible"
"Moses  stop it!"
"Not funny Moses!"
"Moses was a jerk"
"The American Breakfast"
"I just thought of this while watching Black Sheep and couldn't get it out of my head for the entire film. Thanks internet."
"What is love?"
"What is love?"
"Warning: Lame Pun"
"What is love?"
"What is Love?"
"What is love?"
"What is love..."
"found on imgur  Soo much stagnant water"
"Forever Alone Level: Moose"
"I'd be sad too  I hate seeds."
"This man does not mess around."
"Mars Curiosity rover is already taking profile picture self shots  it's spreading our culture."
"Curiosity's self portrait [FIXED]"
"Curiosity's self portrait"
"Don't bring a knife to a gun fight"
"FUCK THE POLICE. FUCK THEM SO MUCH."
"How I feel downvoting a mod"
"The Revolution has begun."
"fuck the rain!"
"&quot;Middle finger to the law  nigga  grippin' my balls&quot;"
"Bollywood action heroes are infinitely more interesting"
"How it must feel like to get beat up as a 5 2 man"
"Pastor Tom Tate and his congregation deserve a round of applause."
"I'm flattered. Keep it up Christians."
"lol wut"
"As a Christian  i appprove this message."
"These guys know what's up.."
"Horrified!"
"Not the Cookies!"
"RA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA"
"WHAT THE F*** DO YOU GUYS WANT?"
"What's the time?"
"It don't matter if you're black or white"
"that one time i ran so fast i turned black"
"Nothing scarier than a white woman turning into a black man (watch background)"
"Boats N Hoes [NSFW]"
"Dude..possibly[NSFW]"
"Why Boats Make A Great Investment"
"Well Reddit  it's that time of year again..."
"Just like every night!"
"I see your 3-day work week  and raise you the irony of how I feel today  during my 1-day work week..."
"Achievement unlocked! (NSFW)"
"Back To WTF Roots You Say? NSFW"
"Venus Fly trap."
"How I feel when I try to cheer up a depressed buddy..."
"How I view my shameful existence on Reddit."
"Upon discovering Gonewild Plus..."
"Ready to explode"
"Oh 4chan..."
"Giant Gollum Sculpture Wellington International Airport New Zealand"
"The greatest aquarium ever!"
"How I feel at work on a Monday morning"
"Jump in the mud they said..."
"Immediately regret this decision."
"Best baseball quote ever"
"Deep thought"
"My reaction while reading top post from r/TIL"
"MFW while reading top posts from r/TIl"
"I need this advanced technology on my keyboard right now"
"Just a drop of water in front of a map"
"The award for most stressful level in a game goes too.. [FIXED]"
"Pic of a spider on a dvd."
"aww"
"The moment I realised reddit Karma doesn't mean anything"
"Funnel cloud over Orchard Iowa on June 10  2008"
"My friend took this photo of a tornado that touched down near her house the other day."
"Hurricane Sandy reveals its true identity."
"How I felt on my last cakeday"
"There's no escaping for him"
"Oh shit  no  no  no!"
"What I feel like leaving school early because of bad weather:"
"How I picture people in the East Coast."
"What it feels like every time I come up with a funny post"
"Poor Jesus"
"Excuse me.. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Whenever I get downvoted for an earnest comment."
"After being judged for ordering a 3rd Cherry Limeade from Steak 'n Shake"
"MFW I try coding assembly language"
"Even robots need love..."
"US Redditors  Happy Labor Day!"
"Pretty much sums up my day"
"Nearly 2 am  no one is on facebook  i've checked my email 43 times and checked most of the links on reddit."
"How I feel as a student now that it's summer"
"What I am planning to do today..."
"This is my first world problem today."
"Forgot Why I Hate Taco Bell...Me Currently"
"It's pretty amazing that society has reached this point"
"Get over here  bro."
"How Facebook notifications on my birthday make me feel..."
"The other kind of centaur"
"Getting back from a long vacation and fapping.."
"What I imagine when people say parkour"
"Sad photo or saddest photo?"
"Missing a friend"
"I miss you..."
"Dream pet  the fennec fox. Here is a baby one."
"Dad lion and cub"
"Just a pomeranian wearing a Superman suit."
"Don't you just hate passing out at parties?"
"Whenever I post any of my own content"
"How my first post went."
"Posting anything other than cats in r/aww."
"He knows whats good for him"
"I'm ruining my own childhood finding pictures like this"
"Party time."
"Office Space - Windows Fax machine beat down. [wallpaper] - HELL YEAH"
"i hope my mom likes her new desktop background"
"So that's how they make it."
"Peanut butter"
"So that's how it is made..."
"So that's how they make it."
"Mr. T gets down"
"Mr. T is a boss!"
"Mr.T busting out some Homework"
"Mr. T is FRESH!"
"How I feel about people who use religion to oppose gay marriage."
"How I feel when I read the frontpage of r/science"
"After a few hours on reddit  I think we all go like this"
"Listening to my calculus professor..."
"How I felt at my lil sister's 21st bday party...trying to hold conversations with 20yr old girls about tanning and getting wassstttteedd."
"How I feel when people start talking about politics.."
"This hedgehog knows how to protect itself from being used as a brush by cats."
"Hiding"
"When I think of veterans  I think of these guys Happy Veterans Day to all that serve"
"Can anyone from Mexico tell me why this dog is so famous there?"
"Always the star of the show"
"They like me! They really like me!"
"Embroidery."
"A 3D gif done right (fixed)"
"MUuuussSTtt HAaaaVE!!"
"I should really get some sleep"
"This sums up how I feel about Felix Baumgartner."
"How I feel as someone who just moved from Washington DC to London"
"Living in New Jersey during Sandy and having internet"
"Go back..."
"I could stare at this for hours and not run out of things to laugh at."
"Decided to find out what that baseball bat picture looked like without the bat.............pretty much the same"
"Unlucky fan connects with a baseball bat to the jaw"
"this will forever remain the funniest pic on the internet."
"Hands down  best photo ever"
"Perfectly timed photo."
"Timing."
"&quot;ALRIGHT GUYS SHUT UP ITS MY MOM CALLING&quot;"
"When I found out my sister uses reddit."
"Found this whilst browsing. Thank god for this dude's highlighting skills or I would have missed it!"
"Harden"
"Harden"
"Bro  I'm Jacked Dawg"
"Not sure if awesome..."
"iPads"
"Oh  That's Nice."
"&quot;We're out of pepperoni&quot; &quot;Don't worry dude I have an idea!&quot;"
"The most exciting ping pong game ever"
"Every day in math."
"Math class"
"A father and his son"
"Redditor's and their sons"
"The Real Victim of Hostess Going Out of Business"
"Not my kind of dancing baby."
"Sums up my team in any FPS"
"How i see everyone on Counter-Strike: Global Offensive"
"Lieutenant Dan!"
"Its not that easy to be a mother"
"Wise words"
"Here's a lovely slice of wisdom."
"just Nick Tesla reading in his lab"
"Wait..so are you dead or not?"
"This is just bananas!"
"Well I'm never eating a banana again"
"Banana Carvings"
"Drive me closer..."
"Aroused"
"I'm ready for Christmas"
"Best Sweater Ever!"
"Some men...."
"Some men..."
"I done told you once"
"Didney Worl?"
"Didney worl?!"
"Repost  but this makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Ladies  Please"
"Ladies"
"The March of Tyranny"
"To celebrate this year's Reddit Birthday I think I'll host a dinner. I'm thinking maybe hotdogs and a side?"
"Can't stop me!"
"How I feel when I walk with a large group of people."
"Lindsay Lohan."
"Truly great art is timeless"
"OH NO!!!"
"NNNOOO!"
"oh shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii"
"amazing view"
"Turbo Teen  how the hell did this now freak me out as a kid?"
"Crocodile Looking At The Sunset."
"Pew Pew Pew"
"When your friend has gum."
"Whenever a co-worker says they have gum"
"its my day of cakes... my karma.."
"Fuck you I'm a cat"
"Happens far too often to not be intentional."
"It's my first birthday as a diabetic today &amp; my mum bought a double chocolate cake  my reaction to watching everyone else eat it &amp; tell me how nice it is."
"Found 110 Feet Under Water. Scared The Crap Out of Me"
"Found 110 Feet Under Water. Scared The Crap Out of Me - Imgur"
"Damn"
"To the people that keep complaining that stop light cameras should be illegal."
"Shining  shimmering  splendid..."
"NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"Soon."
"Ambassador From 4chan"
"The hero that r/WTF needs  but perhaps not the one it deserves."
"Costume party  anyone? (NSFW)"
"When I walk into the wrong class."
"Everytime I open up the fridge."
"When you lift up a toilet seat in a public restroom"
"when i decide to look at the comments on a porn video"
"Reaction to r/spacedicks"
"seeing all these posts about the gum wall"
"When I enter the wrong classroom"
"My first time browsing r/spacedicks."
"Arriving at a house party late when everyone's already drunk..."
"Shakesbear"
"Me When I accidently dropped my last dollar in the Subway tip jar"
"This is Sara the Cat. All the time."
"Sums it up pretty well."
"I googled big bug bites..."
"Steve Buscemi's point of view"
"How it feels cleaning six months of my ex-girlfriend's text messages from my phone's inbox"
"I just moved from the city to a 10 acre lot in the country"
"Having shared a room with 8 other girls at a time this month and finally having a room to myself  this is how I feel"
"After becoming an RA for my college dorm and getting a room for myself"
"How i feel after switching from a twin to a queen bed..."
"Which one do you choose ?"
"Which pill would you choose?"
"Morpheus pulls out a hand full of pills this time... which do you choose?"
"I Googled reddit downvotes and this came up."
"Whenever I try and post something new to reddit.[NSFW]"
"Emma Watson"
"I had a physical today  and the doctor asked me if I'm sexually active..."
"I find this very unsettling..."
"Like a boss"
"Prince Charming"
"A friend of mine had a custom Sex and the City motorcycle made."
"Meanwhile in... nevermind  just a white rider"
"The red eyes make it believable."
"True plight of the onions."
"The final draft of my paper is complete!"
"Just handed in my honours qualifying project in my final week of university."
"Jesse from Breaking Bad's costume"
"a wonderful picture"
"These guys look familiar"
"This is how makeup should be worn."
"Well played Mr Cooper  well played"
"Checkmate."
"[HIFW] I see other people with tons of karma while I only have 14"
"Not a single fuck."
"Zero fucks given.."
"0 fucks were given."
"Cat run over by a car [WARNING: not GORE]"
"So I have combined these two gifs. The story is now complete."
"lets just close this and pretend nothing happened...its for the best"
"When I realized I missed my cake day by a day."
"When I found out Hostest was closing down"
"The Slip and Slide"
"What I feel like when hopping into a small pool"
"The $50 Lesson"
"How I feel on Mondays."
"How reddit feels when it's someone's cakeday."
"That movie sucks"
"My new favorite gif."
"I push it  then........ WHAAAAAAAAAT?!"
"Whaaaat!"
"Babe Ruth and George H.W. Bush  1948 (George H. W. Bush  captain of the Yale baseball team  receives Babe Ruth's manuscript of his autobiography which he was donating to Yale) [1213 × 1600]"
"A message from the East Coast to the rest of you."
"When my ex got a promotion."
"When someone reposts my original content and gets more points than me"
"Ocean City  NJ. 1884-2012."
"Ocean City  New Jersey after the first wave of high tide."
"Boat captains needed"
"How I imagine all of us former lurkers feel when we finally join."
"My soul. [FIXED]"
"My running buddy"
"And now we wait..."
"First day of school"
"How I feel after realizing I was out of toilet paper before sitting down in the bathroom."
"How all of Reddit reacts to a spelling mistake"
"Ash is a Badass. (X-Post R/Funny)"
"Imagine no religion."
"My brain when I decided to start ready X-Men from Uncanny #1."
"Whenever a gif loads very slowly"
"My mom said she wants &quot;something sentimental&quot; for christmas..."
"Fapping to any picture on gonewild"
"Shaving my legs while my boyfriend is at his parents for the holidays"
"how i feel when i need to take a shit in the morning before work"
"The first time someone touched my penis. (SFW)"
"wait... WHAT?!?!?"
"If I had a nickle..."
"Just some guinea pig swimming lessons"
"Guinea Pig Pool"
"How I see things now"
"Gangnam Style!"
"Horse Riding - Gangnam Style! (full clip in discription)"
"When it's the weekend [gif]"
"Nap Time"
"Best friends"
"Eye contact at the urinal"
"NYC-The Empire stands alone"
"NYC just lost power. The empire stands alone."
"NYC Flooded and Black Without Power"
"Reddit and gramatical errers"
"When you're sitting on the toilet and a spider starts crawling towards you"
"Shots shots shots shots shots shots"
"Dad is an asshole"
"Teaching my girlfriend to ride my motorcycle"
"why can't you ride a bike??!!"
"Planking... Owling... I am more a fan of Hawking myself."
"Stephen Hawking in zero gravity"
"Stephen Hawking loving life"
"Submit a query  get trolled."
"So  these exist..."
"hahahaha WTF"
"THE BEARS!"
"Woohoo! I'm on top of the world!"
"Oh Felix..."
"Bitch please!"
"I am On top of the world"
"Bitch please."
"On top of the world"
"Titanic vs. Felix Baumgartner"
"Game set and match Leo."
"I'm on top of the world!"
"Watched Titanic last night and this is all I thought about"
"A titanic achievement"
"Bitch please"
"Woohoo!!"
"On Top of the World!"
"Titanic starring Felix"
"Bitch please..."
"Bitch please!!"
"Bitch Please."
"Bitch Please"
"Bitch please."
"sorry titanic"
"We put the Lazers on the Granny"
"Celebrities photos with bikes Photoshopped out of them. (x-post from /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Celebrities riding invisible bikes (x/post from /r/photoshopbattles)"
"Celebrities photos with bikes Photoshopped out of them. (x-post from /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Can't stop laughing"
"This pic will never ever get old"
"Thought it was about time to rake in some karma"
"New development in Sandy's path"
"The First Time I Went Down On A Girl."
"The first time I tried to do a chemistry lab. (I am a dog)"
"Yeah  I know how to fix computers  but I'm paid as a warehouse worker. So you get this..."
"First time going down on a girl. SFW"
"When my girlfriend asks me to give her a massage."
"Just signed up for Steam..."
"Trying to buy a present for a female"
"First time going down on my girlfriend."
"Senior Crayon Maker"
"When I have to cover the bar when a bartender goes on break..."
"Started my freshman year of college today..."
"Finally got accepted to play DOTA 2..."
"Nice try  blue."
"Finception"
"What can I say?"
"my last dinner..."
"The last supper  8-bit style"
"The last supper  8-bit style"
"The Gaming Last Supper"
"Being a constant viewer of R/gaming  I felt this was appropriate."
"This gets so annoying when the conversation consists mostly of this."
"what if..."
"Real life Team Rocket !!!"
"Team Romney!"
"This explains everything."
"Just an oil painting of Jesus breakdancing"
"Found this in r/WTF. I would probably be religious if Jesus did this in the bible"
"Russian missiles bombarding Grozny during the Chechen War."
"Domo Arigato Leela Roboto"
"Leela Roboto"
"I can show you the world (not mine)"
"Those clever Christians and their logical arguments!"
"I just don't understand their reasoning. It makes me feel sad."
"Saw this on Facebook.. *facepalm*"
"For the man who has everything"
"Shit's on fire  yo"
"Shit's on fire  yo"
"Every time I switch to the Weather Channel."
"After hearing about Mitt's 47% gaffe.."
"not a single fuck"
"Finding out President Obama did an AMA on Reddit. He chose HERE of all of places on the internet!?"
"Trapdoor.... You Shall Not Pass!!!"
"I have never seen my cat look so concerned. I waited 3 months before I felt I was worthy of sharing this photo."
"Library? Staircase?"
"Tasty"
"This beautiful animal is the extremely rare Black Tiger."
"This IS the droid you are looking for. Awesome R2D2 keg."
"A better choice"
"Guys tatoos a Penis on the forehead of a passed-out kid."
"Every Day I'm Dumblin'!"
"The Sound of Sponginess"
"How I feel having 2 937 link Karma and 23 728 comment Karma..."
"Waiting until it's 9AM in US so I can post my funny links"
"I thought this fit very well. Sorry if this GIF has been posted too much."
"Spongebobs just waitin'"
"Well that must have sucked.."
"How my stealth attempts in Skyrim have been so far"
"My ex showed up at the same Halloween party. I tried to sneak out without making a scene  stumbled into a bookshelf and knocked a bunch of stuff off."
"Decided to see what random imgur would get me. Was not disappointed"
"Weird tattoo..."
"When I googled &quot;something reddit would like&quot; this was not what I expected... o.o"
"This belongs here."
"Why can't I stop laughing?"
"Not sure whether an explanation would ruin it or make it a thousand times better."
"I feel like a moth in the middle of the night now..."
"GTFO...? No  you GTFO!"
"As cut as this guy is I bet he's a real pussy on the inside."
"Look who finally started exercising"
"Tonight we ride at dawn"
"In loving memory..."
"Skill levels explained"
"Skill levels explained [x-post from r/funny]"
"so true..."
"there aren't enough BABY foxes on r/aww"
"There is a lack of fennec foxes on reddit"
"I heard whales are gonna be the the next big thing of aww so here is a picture of a cat kissing a whales head"
"You've got the eyes..."
"Phone Silence"
"It's No Bologna"
"Oh Nigel"
"my reaction to non-RES friendly links.."
"Terms and conditions  of everything."
"So about that summer reading."
"MFW It was time to turn in my summer reading project"
"I noticed that you've written a very long comment about how people on the internet are insensitive...."
"The Kiss of Death Statue at the Old Graveyard of Poblenou in Barcelona"
"This tattoo..."
"And So the Work Week Begins..."
"Science..."
"You're gonna like it here."
"Coolest birthday card ever."
"Spermogram"
"Sure it's been a while"
"Haven't had sex in awhile?"
"One of my friends posted this on Facebook. Had a good laugh."
"Don't tell me what to do...even if your intentions are good."
"When someone points at my laptop and touches the screen..."
"When a classmate begins to remind the teacher about the homework..."
"My reaction to this morning's traffic during my 50 mile commute."
"How I feel whenever my friends say weird things about me on purpose in front my crush"
"I accidentally hit a link 10+ pages deep with RES"
"Every time I look at a comment page full of conservative fundies"
"The &quot;Ring of Life&quot; landscape architecture in Fushun  Liaoning province  China"
"Mr. President  the stargate is almost complete. (Reuters/China Daily)"
"I am the 1%"
"What finding twenty bucks feels like (when you're a kid)"
"Dodging Downvotes"
"Just a guy with a fish shaped watermelon mask drinking vodka"
"DAT ASS"
"Waiting..."
"keep calm  and wait."
"Up top!"
"My brother just posted this the fb. Doing it right"
"This weekend I installed two 12 inch subs in car."
"Just installed two 12&quot; Subs in my car."
"A friend just kitted his car out with two brand new 12 inch subs"
"Today I decided to install some dual 12 inch subs in my car"
"Just installed two 12-inch subs in my car.."
"Just installed 2 12&quot; subs!"
"I have no ideas on how to whore karma for my cake day  so I thought I'd give this a shot."
"The man's got skills. Don't mess with him."
"Cafeteria ninja!"
"Instant Karma"
"AND....I win"
"amazing talent .."
"How I feel when someone tries to stop a pun thread  and it keeps going."
"Pay back  Bitch!"
"coolness"
"Yep  pretty much"
"When I tell a joke and no one laughs..."
"How I feel whenever someone makes a clever joke at my expense"
"My reaction in reading some r/TwoXChromosomes posts as a male.."
"He never let go of his dreams"
"Bitch I'm fabulous"
"so I went to this bodybuilding contest..."
"Bitch I'm Fabulous"
"Oookay  well  that's a fire hydrant. And that's a women. And I can't explain much else."
"Ultimate argument ender"
"Nebula IC 1396 in rotation. [7 MB]"
"Well  as long as we are posting pictures with big cat cubs  here's me with a friend I met in South Africa"
"This cub can't even handle me right now"
"Well  as long as we are posting pictures with big cat cubs  here's me with a friend I met in South Africa"
"Another reason to hate YOLO-ers"
"The new duck fish feeder seems to be doing well."
"Now that's what I call teamwork."
"Just a duckling helping out some fish by feeding them."
"When I found out I could upvote by pressing 'A'"
"eyes wtf"
"This changes everything."
"Googled 'Weirdest gif ever'. Nailed it."
"Eye-Fucking ( NSFW )"
"My reaction when I finally find a worthy cake-day gif  only to discover it's a repost."
"When you're waiting for the coffee to kick in  first thing at work... [repost  couldnt find one better]"
"When you get back from lunch and just want to take a nap"
"Exhausted from programming all day"
"How I Feel Most Mondays"
"How I feel on mondays"
"how i feel when someone says &quot;Hold my baby!&quot;"
"Shaved"
"Cool haircut bro..."
"long neck lama"
"Alex  The Joker  and Tyler Durden as one"
"Giraffe Kisses!"
"I can haz kisses!?"
"Kissy Kissy"
"An LSD user dream"
"Trip ... out."
"Ray Romano better watch his back."
"Just Albert Einstein with a puppet of himself."
"Albert Einstein playing with a marionette Albert Einstein"
"Historical figures being silly"
"Blindsided by my 1 year cake day"
"When I'm so tired after surfing reddit for hours"
"One of the reasons I hate Facebook"
"This is why I hate Facebook"
"A 16 year old pregnant girl shared this on Facebook"
"Double offense - misuse and misdirection"
"Spongebob the holy roller"
"This shit..."
"This Popped up on Facebook..."
"Oh Facebook.. I worry about you sometimes."
"Leapfrog? Huh?"
"No clue."
"Big fish eating a smaller fish [gif]"
"Putin had a pretty good view of the jump.."
"The most impressive part of the space jump"
"Felix Baumgartner and Vladimir Putin"
"So my friend found this in his supermarket bought salad..."
"The Religion of Peace"
"A Religion Of Peace"
"Why I practice safe sex."
"Truly WTF."
"This makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Guilty cat.."
"Mom  stop! All the other kids are looking at us!"
"Just a loving mom."
"Samuel L. Catson"
"Whenever I try to agree with someone on reddit."
"How i feel agreeing with someone on reddit"
"Face Swaps"
"Science is serious business"
"In-N-Out."
"lol"
"Cuddles"
"Denny is a badass"
"There's awesome  then there's this guy."
"Mrs Marvel Cosplay"
"Me when i see reposts from 9GAG"
"Good job!"
"Who let the freshman in?"
"This is how I feel when I open a bag of Lays"
"Lay's Potato Chips"
"I've seen this so many times  and I've always seen it turn anti-clockwise  but then I found the second gif..."
"Naked woman rotating two ways at once?"
"Shit bitch"
"This Teddy Bear Will Get You Laid"
"soft kitty  warm kitty little ball of fur  happy kitty sleepy kitty purr purr purr"
"how i feel when i post on reddit and i don't own a cat to boost my karma"
"The black cat analogy"
"The Black Cat Analogy"
"I must have wasted years of my life by now"
"Sunshine after the rain."
"Why god did not create any pokemon"
"Spending too much time online?"
"You know you spend too much time online when..."
"Googled &quot;Reddit Addict&quot;"
"After long time playing video games..."
"After playing Skyrim for months on ps3 and then getting it on pc"
"Strolling through reddit and i see an r/WTF thread nearing front page..."
"Me  when i try to fit in with the other people at a big party"
"Full extasis"
"Every white person in the club..."
"Hipster squared"
"Goddamn hipsters."
"Giant harvestmen take over rooftops in Seattle"
"Giant Evil Roof Spiders in Seattle"
"Seattle Space Needle troll"
"giant harvestmen over the rooftop (xpost r/wtf)"
"Most epic boogie board ever"
"road rage + nerd rage = bad times."
"I used to read word up magazine"
"So that's where r/gonewild comes from"
"Seems legit."
"Like a human T-rex."
"wat"
"For my Reddit anniversary  I present the first image I saved to my account"
"Can anyone tell me what breed this puppy is?"
"Arctic fox pup"
"Bring it!"
"Fapping while your parents are home"
"Whenever I read through youtube comments"
"Heh"
"Just a cat doing laundry..."
"It hurts just watching"
"There was a joke with this  but i don't think it needs it."
"pretty cool pic"
"Meerly a camera whore"
"Two meerkats fighting for the spot light"
"Me when I babysit"
"How to deal with cyber bullying"
"For those who get offended."
"Is it to soon?"
"Well... that was fast"
"That Escalated Quickly"
"I guess that is kind of awkward"
"That awkward moment."
"That's good"
"How I feel when I don't drink at a party."
"Today we are going to learn how to kill a walrus."
"How to kill a walrus"
"My Nokia finally died. What should I replace it with?"
"Rashad doesn't get invited to many birthday parties"
"What I feel like when I have been busy at work and look at the clock and see it is 5:00pm."
"When I saw that cake next to my name."
"It was my real birthday today  this is how every Facebook congratulation actually felt..."
"not sure if just really excited or just bath salts...[FIXED]"
"Every guy when he discovers a cute girl on that browses Reddit"
"AWwwAAAHHHHHHH!?!!??!!?"
"My boss just told me he's upgrading our internet from 2MBps to 50Mbps."
"CAKEDAY KARMA (fav gif)"
"When My First Post Breaks 500 Upvotes"
"When I find out that r/boobgifs is a thing"
"Waking up to a bunch of karma for a silly comment you barely remember posting"
"When r/technology says warp drive is feasible"
"When I am using a public restroom and I found out there's wifi"
"I realized I joined Reddit four years ago  the day after my real birthday."
"Welcome to Ohio...(Fixed)"
"A simplistic  yet very accurate view of my beloved state (Ohio)."
"Get to fuck"
"you spin me right round baby"
"Woolworths Supermarket Australia fb page . . .like a boss"
"The parallel that turned me away from Christianity"
"This is what it feels like to be high on religion."
"Don't know what is going on so ill post this here..."
"r/Gaming if HL3 rumors are true."
"Welcome to the Party Tardis!"
"Modern Velociraptor"
"The youngest picture of the Beatles that I've seen"
"The youngest picture of the Beatles that I've seen"
"Man orders custom size 14.5 slipper  company sends size 1450 instead."
"Tired of upvoting 'spilling gifs' ?"
"I know reddit does not like spiders  but I could not help it!"
"Vader's Opinion on Classic Rock."
"I wonder what the thought process behind this was?"
"The infinite number of Words I could say about this."
"possibly the greatest thing i have ever seen"
"Googled &quot;fuck&quot;  wish I hadn't..."
"&quot;What do you mean everyone?&quot;"
"Hypnotising."
"That scared me way more than it should have."
"To the Dark Souls pc players. I made this out of frustration - thought I'd share... [FIXED]"
"What comes around goes around."
"Unfortunately  these guys were arrested"
"Good hunting this year"
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"What have I become?"
"Fingernail nubs (not mine lol)"
"You just couldn't stay away from a theatre  could you?"
"Panda pretending to be a Human on the Plane"
"A picture from a panda's journey to the Edinburgh Zoo."
"Its a real panda. On an airplane. With a snack"
"While boarding the plane  I noticed this..."
"Found this gem on my facebook feed - This is a real panda  more info in the comments"
"This is a real Panda - more info in the comments"
"May the force be with you"
"The Force is strong."
"I Think he's enjoying this a little too much..."
"Make love  Not friendzone."
"Guess What ?! Frienzone is OVER !"
"Getaway driver"
"Muppets + Muppets = Angry Birds"
"Eyes on the prize. [x-post /r/pics]"
"Eyes on the prize"
"Eye on the prize (x-post from r/pics)"
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth. I am never going near a child again."
"How I feel when some one reposts one of my .gifs that I posted a year ago."
"YOU DARE DELAY BIOSHOCK INFINITE?!?"
"Subtlety in advertising"
"This is an ad for a lubricant. When you see it..."
"How I picture people who are freaking out about not being able to log into Diablo."
"How I feel as a graduate physicist studying for my comprehensive exam tomorrow"
"This morning when I discovered the Foo Fighters are going on a hiatus..."
"Messing with your sensory adaptation..."
"A friend just posted this on fb. I don't even..."
"So that's how she got those legs..."
"Found this while browsing random Imgur images."
"Muthafucka"
"Googled &quot;surprise motherfucka&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"The best of SURPRISE MUTHAFUCKA."
"MUTHAFUCKA!!"
"MothaF**ka!"
"The main reason i watch community"
"My little cousin gave Adam Sandler a t-shirt  a couple weeks later this was spotted in US Weekly magazine"
"19 of 19 people found they had something in their eye after reading the following product review."
"Hey Reddit. I thought you might like this gif."
"Its...Beautiful."
"My response to social invites that do not include playing Diablo"
"Surf the downvote wave"
"Whenever I go on r/new..."
"Official Image of Hugh Jackman from &quot;Wolverine&quot;"
"Hugh Jackman in 'The Wolverine'"
"First official image of Wolverine."
"First look of Hugh Jackman in the new Wolverine movie."
"First official image from the new Wolverine film."
"APPLE Sues GOD!"
"Apple is going to sue..."
"Instant regret"
"Started replaying this"
"Stop! Hambeartime!"
"A happy mom"
"The most useless desktop item of all time"
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"Tired baby do not want"
"no more"
"When the phone rings  but its my ex calling.."
"When I try waking up my girlfriend in the middle of the night for a blowjob"
"Whenever I stumble upon someone tagged as an asshole in Reddit suite..."
"Charity contest  day 5 update: over a decade of computing time donated!"
"When I make it to the front page of a really small subreddit."
"How it feels making it to the front page of a small subreddit."
"Every time I throw a party and none of the girls show up"
"I need to karma whore for my cakeday but it's the middle of Finals week"
"A swimming pool"
"I googled &quot;Holy Fucking helll&quot; and I found this..."
"How I feel when I said to myself the day before that I'd ask the girl I like out."
"Perfect"
"The 4chan childrens book"
"Douchebag Jesus"
"hope you paid your taxes!"
"How I felt after my first ever successful two-digit-karma post last night."
"How I feel when I load dryer sheets"
"Google says Happy Brithday to Bob Ross"
"Google Pays Tribute to Bob Ross on his 70th Birthday"
"Woke up to this on Google Happy 70th Bob Ross"
"g! Ggggg  ggg? Ggg gg. G!"
"Google is celebrating Bob Ross' birthday"
"The Bob Ross Google Doodle needed some touching up"
"Guess Whose Birthday It Is Today?"
"Google celebrating Bob Ross' 70th birthday right."
"Happy Birthday  Bob Ross!"
"I can't say id do anything different."
"I'd do the exact same thing."
"Liam The Bad Ass"
"And So It Begins.. The Greatest Battle of The Century"
"Mr. and Mrs. Butthead..."
"Mrs. Butthead - Imgur"
"I know it's overused but this perfectly describes how I feel when people make black jokes about me"
"Not having a girlfriend and seeing &quot;My girlfriend...&quot; posts"
"Whenever i see the &quot;we don't have a horse. We have a chevy&quot; joke in the Dark Shadows trailer"
"How I feel about all these posts about summer vacation."
"Trying to stay awake to study for a test."
"VORSTELLUNGSKRAFT!!"
"The old fire prank."
"No fucks were given"
"Courage lvl: 6"
"This warning is just for your safety."
"Waking up with parents gone for the week..."
"What Atheists Think"
"Puppy's first lemon"
"My reaction any time I click a link and it's a spider picture.."
"Here's a puppy licking some lime"
"Ooh  that seems deli... Argblg! No! Evil!"
"wtf dog"
"How to dance to dubstep."
"When my friend told me she got a tattoo of an owl"
"bird arm (x-post from /r/funny)thought it belonged here"
"Fuck yo couch"
"When I see 10+ lines of text"
"Whenever I Come Across a Long Text Post Without a TL;DR"
"Just discovered the AJAJAJAJAJ Trick in RES  Thank me later every poster and commenter I visit today"
"Everytime i need to Accept &amp; Read Terms of Service"
"Class tomorrow and I haven't read chapter 4 yet? Better get drunk"
"Do the slender dance!"
"Not giving a fuck"
"times is rough..."
"The sign did say free refills..."
"Pickle Toothpaste?"
"WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA"
"I am the Pac-man. (r/gifs)"
"what it feels like I do at a school dance"
"Like you don't even know..."
"bongos"
"Fantastic Little Buscemi"
"I'm lost in his eyes.."
"zero tolerance."
"Whenever I hear a Canadian complain about American's long weekend"
"Amazing how casually he does it"
"Queensland has the best advertisements. [Sorry if repost]"
"~PSY~Duck...Gangnam Pokemon Style"
"Aw yeah  Death"
"A pirate will be born in 3...2...1..."
"They were right...."
"So that's how the world is going to end..."
"Master Chief: Gangnam Style"
"Master Chief: Gangnam Style (x-post from /r/halo)"
"Reddit summed up in one image."
"Last Melancholy Jail Cat picture"
"Alone on my birthday..."
"It's my birthday  whats your favorite pic you've been saving?"
"How I felt on my reddit birthday after receiving one link karam."
"I told myself I'd prepare something to submit for my cakeday  now its here and I have nothing."
"What it feels like to celebrate your birthday on the internet on a Sunday."
"How i feel  turning 31 tomorrow. Knowing I havent accomplished shit since turning 30..."
"Like a muthafuckin BOSS"
"Based on a true story."
"So here's this."
"Ey Ey Captain"
"This is pretty wtf."
"Overly Attached Slut"
"So Uhh...Why?"
"Guys..? Guys listen.."
"Whenever I have big news  I model my texts after this"
"Item exactly as described."
"That Time of Year Again"
"Walken in a winter wonderland"
"I wouldn't know what to think if a real horse did this."
"In the shadow of Saturn: NASA's Cassini drifted in giant planet's shadow for about 12 hours in 2006 and looked back toward the eclipsed Sun"
"NASA's Cassini drifted in giant planet's shadow for about 12 hours in 2006 and looked back toward the eclipsed Sun"
"Saw this today on the web…"
"My reaction when I see a repost on r/funny"
"When I eat my healthy food in front of people"
"As a vegetarian  I bit into a pizza without realizing it had beef on it"
"fuck"
"Nearly smashed my monitor in anger."
"The stupidity...  it burns..."
"When I wake up right before my alarm goes off..."
"When your alarm goes off at 6am for the first time in months"
"How my mornings feel"
"An Honest Mistake"
"Time to fap"
"Shit was like acid. (another 90's post)"
"Time for some motherfucking Grammar"
"My girlfriend left her phone unattended."
"Best Prank on Iphone users"
"Sink full of cats"
"Sink full of cats - Imgur"
"Sink full of Cats"
"How many kittens does it take to fill up a sink?"
"If they fits... they sits"
"Greedy Redditor dumps entire jug of fresh kittens down drain  just for a swig of that refreshing karma"
"At the Reddit Hotel  we don't use Water."
"Presidential Debates gets hairy"
"This is my favorite hair swap"
"Radio Dis-Badger?"
"Missingno"
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip."
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip."
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip."
"I bet this'll piss him off.."
"Reddit  there is a button for reposts that you don't like. Listen here."
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip. (Fixed)"
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip. [Fixed]"
"Here's to your repost post... [repost]"
"Guys. Here's a tip. Quit bitching and..."
"First day of filming"
"A majestic creature known as the Maned Wolf"
"Saw this while watching the three little pigs with my cousin."
"Portrait of 3 Little Pig's Dad"
"Mark Sanchez looking like a fool"
"Whenever someone makes a really dumb  old fat joke"
"Definitely the flux capacitor."
"Add this to my to do list"
"So.Much.Fail."
"I see one hockey gif just got popular  why not my favorite."
"ATTACK MODE [on]&lt;&gt;off"
"So this is real..."
"As an American  this is how I see the metric system."
"I don't always have to piss.."
"Scumbag Steve. Explained memes to my mom. She actually gets it. Here's hers.[FIXED]"
"Is it racist..."
"every time..."
"How I feel  living with college room mates."
"That doesn't look like a very fun game."
"My friend posted this to Facebook."
"A failsafe way to get onto the front page"
"how i plan on getting to the front page"
"How to aim for the front page"
"Shut yo mouth!"
"The amount fucks I give after being downvoted in r/olympics"
"When I knock something over  then pretend I didn't."
"With the Lion Head Prometheus Solar Rover re-released I had a go at landing it on Duna"
"Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light  according to MSNBC"
"Wow! That IS fast!"
"How did Felix Baumgartner travel faster than the speed of light  and why is nobody talking about this?"
"Faster than light travel IS possible!!!"
"Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light  according to MSNBC (CORRECTION) - Imgur"
"Funniest proof pic ever"
"Besides the &quot;Cum Box&quot; this is probably one of the funniest/best proofs I've ever seen on Reddit."
"Best AMA verification pic ever"
"I am already afraid of caterpillars and then imgur gives me this..."
"Oh shit  oh shit  oh shit..."
"Scared me for a sec"
"Reddit has arrived."
"Reddit summer meet up at the beach."
"Reddit summer meet up at the beach."
"What I imagine a reddit meetup is like"
"&gt;Mfw Le me-mes."
"Thanks for ruining memes  Reddit."
"Why?"
"memes"
"How about a little scissor art?"
"First GifSound"
"The Fast &amp; The Furious: Polio Drift"
"Wheel-Chair Drift!"
"So I told this girl on /gonewild that she was hot and she asked me to meet up with here...said no one ever."
"How I felt when I found out my 5 year High School reunion was last weekend and I didn't get invited."
"I am trying to educate my little sister. My epic quote that I responded with to her wild claim of me &quot;Trying to make her atheist&quot;:"
"Common cultural miscommunication."
"praystations"
"REDDIT IS BACK!"
"Stir Fry"
"Can anyone explain this?"
"If I fits  I sits"
"Cool pic of Igloos in Kakslauttanen Igloo Village  Finland!"
"Don't kiss me... [Celebrity edition]"
"Whenever I try to give my dog a kiss.."
"D-d-d-d-drop the bees!"
"Cagex"
"Skrillex (cage edition)"
"dont tell them pandas to smile"
"Let's have a fluffy time!"
"THIS CLUB CAN'T EVEN HANDLE ME RIGHT NOW."
"But you're so cute when you're sleeping"
"When I found out I can downvote by pressing 'Z'"
"Freeze  Michael Scarn!"
"Oh em gee  so relatable."
"Advertising done right"
"Ads that wordlessly explain their product"
"I present: Lynfect's Cum Box"
"fun for the whole family!"
"Come on  we all played it as a child!"
"Make a wish"
"Make a wish!"
"#swag"
"We lost Spider-man"
"Douche bags these days..."
"Searched for Harry Potter Bin Laden on Google image search  was not disappointed."
"99% of Asians are like this"
"Cough syrup"
"Loved him in Shawshank Redemption  now I love him in life."
"Morgan Freeman Doing Right"
"Advice From The Master"
"Well I liked this face swap."
"High five! [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"High five! [Fixed]"
"Hi5"
"Best bro cat"
"Lowkey deals go on in r/trees. You guys know how it is..."
"What doesn't happen on Reddit..."
"a curious monkey with lots of perseverance and a george-antuan amount of awwness"
"Random  Lucky shot! What do you think Reddit?"
"Apparantly the odds of seeing this are 1:300 000!"
"Random  lucky shot! What do you think reddit?"
"Got pretty lucky with the timing on this one"
"Thats when it gets crazy"
"Ohhhhhhh Yeah!!!! [NSFW Story]"
"Is this real life?"
"As a big fan of Queen I highly appreciate my friend sending this to me"
"Caught in a landslide"
"Fanta Sea"
"Is this the real life?"
"Is this the real life?"
"I felt so bad."
"If you saw this... would it stop you? (NSFL)"
"Saw this on Twitter. Hell no!"
"Ok well  that disturbing."
"NFLOL"
"What if NFL team logos were honest?"
"The true meaning of Democracy"
"I heard /r/wtf likes frosting."
"She could not see the ball..."
"Seems like a good solution to me!"
"Proper computer etiquette"
"Not mine and probably a repost but...too cute"
"How I felt watching the RNC"
"It all makes sense now"
"If only.."
"[SHOPPED] If only.."
"OH SHIT"
"Danger Zone!"
"NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"Banana Cat"
"The more I watch  the less I understand."
"Whenever I check my posts on Reddit"
"My reaction to finding my brothers spank bank.."
"I mean  the wall makes a decent point."
"Friend of mine asked pizza hut to draw a snowman on the box..."
"South African Impala gets head taken over by asshole spider.."
"This brings new meaning to the term &quot;mobile home&quot;"
"That feeling you get when you're scratching a very satisfying itch."
"Sir David Frederick Attenborough in response to why he does not give credit to the &quot;Almighty power that created nature&quot;"
"I think we all do"
"It's like staring at the sun."
"Not everybody hates a bath!"
"Youth picture of Osama bin Laden"
"spare time"
"Gives a whole new meaning to Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"My reaction upon finishing watching The Matrix back 1999"
"What is he-... oh- oh wow  that is amazing!"
"When I'm hanging out with Ice T and pouring wine into my baby's eyes"
"Quality Parenting"
"How Girls Rate Guys VS. How Guys Rate Girls"
"It's as simple as this."
"how I felt after i got out of my last final today"
"How it feels getting my braces off..."
"I'm currently on the bus  sitting next to a man in a cape with baby bottles taped to him."
"I'm currently on the bus  sitting next to a man in a cape with baby bottles taped to him. (x/post r/toronto)"
"I'm currently on the bus  sitting next to a man in a cape with baby bottles taped to him. (x/post from r/toronto)"
"The Explosion! [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"THE EXPLOSION!"
"as an atheist in utah..."
"Still better than Apple maps"
"He wasn't expecting that..."
"Pure Genius!"
"He didn't expect it..."
"They got him good...."
"Can't think of any fancy titel. I just lol'd."
"Pumpkin Carving !"
"I'm not the greatest photographer  but every once and awhile I get a shot I love. This is tonight's full moon."
"A photo from Pretty Lights at Red Rocks 8/18/2012"
"Decided to finally get into the Halloween spirit. (Sorry for low quality)"
"-72 hours remain-"
"G"
"Like a Madam"
"Clever bastard"
"Nicki Minaj"
"This fulfills at least...3 different fetishes"
"slapstick humor at its best (x-post from r/wheredidthesodago)"
"How I feel as a straight man at a gay bar."
"How I imagine accidentally being caught in a gay orgy would be like"
"C-17 Globemaster after releasing flare countermeasures."
"Well  at least pastafarians believe in an observable god..."
"C-17 Globemaster leaving behind a &quot;smoke angel&quot; after releasing flares over the Atlantic Ocean."
"Alien vs. Predator"
"So apparently cats have elevators now"
"Just a scenic Sunday drive... wait  what?"
"Meanwhile in Colombia"
"I love you  man!"
"Damn cool friends!!!"
"My reaction when my friend drops his $8 drink"
"But he could not stop..."
"And the Angel Said..."
"And the angel said to him"
"This is where it dates back to."
"He's beaten the system."
"Ted Turner Rage"
"They were so innocent..."
"When I See My Ex Across the Street"
"Abandoned mill in Italy"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Her true form has been revealed"
"Speaking of pausing at the wrong time..."
"Timing is everything."
"They should put bears in the game so we can do this"
"This just came up on Facebook with the caption &quot;Chinese guy with major sunburn&quot;"
"The reason why people should not sleep at beaches"
"say i won't!"
"Spiderman  master of disguise."
"Seems legit"
"At least he isn't masterbating"
"What you lookin' at crow?"
"So I took this picture of a crow yesterday."
"I feel a meme coming on..."
"Every time I go shopping when drunk"
"Australia is not that bad...this slice of heav-ARGH GET IT OFF ME!"
"Rivers flowing into the desert in Baja California; an inherent pattern of nature."
"No one would've believed it if there wasn't a picture to prove it."
"Cat is not amused."
"How I feel when trying to lure friends into joining Reddit."
"One woman's lie"
"Over the past two months or so I've been saving my favorite hits from this section - Enjoy!"
"milk  it does a body WHAT THE FUCK"
"I said get a CUP!"
"Darth Vader's new girlfriend"
"When my posts on r/militaryporn were removed by the mods because i didn't put the resolution in the title"
"How I felt after discovering r/tall and finding out I'm really not very tall at all.."
"Hard in the childhood"
"That moment..."
"Emma Watson to 5 year old boy: Excuse me  are you Harry Potter? That’s great  because I’m Hermonie Granger and we’re best of friends."
"Emma Watson to 5 year old boy: Excuse me  are you Harry Potter? That’s great  because I’m Hermione Granger and we’re best of friends. (xpost from /r/aww)"
"I find this black woman riveting"
"Color Photography of Life in World War 2"
"Sup?"
"When you're caught doing something remarkably nerdy by someone impossibly awesome."
"Whenever I say Hello to the Lady"
"That'll hold it (pic)"
"Sinister Cow"
"President Obama  Bruce Springsteen  and Jay Z hanging out backstage before a rally in Columbus"
"Three of the coolest humans on Earth."
"Just 3 guys hanging out..."
"President Obama  Jay-Z &amp; Bruce Springsteen walk into a bar..."
"How I feel about Steam today..."
"Woke up and realized that I will be leaving for college tomorrow  and thought of this."
"By far  my favorite picture of 2 cats and a dog."
"Say cheese!"
"Perfect timing in Norway"
"Sunrise Reflected in a Bubble  Norway"
"These kind of pictures never cease to amaze me. They restore my faith in humanity and leave a little promise that we might actually survive together."
"Best Dry Cleaner EVER!"
"Kitten vs sleep. Who will win?"
"Sleepy kitten"
"falling asleep in class"
"Poor little guy can't finish his paper!"
"This is a real concern"
"Can't tell if she's being disgustingly offensive or just plain braindead."
"Dat ass"
"You BOTH don't have shit on this"
"MADventure Time!"
"What's up?"
"Literally caught in a mosh"
"What I imagine it's like driving in New Zealand."
"Sheep Shield: Activated"
"Car Insurance: Level Sheep."
"Swarm  swarm  swarm!"
"Sheeple"
"Ring around the....car?"
"Four-festor Baller Victory Dance IRL"
"I didn't know Dr. Mundo could drive... (repost from /r/gifs)"
"Hurr-Durr Pencil"
"Whenever my friends play MMOs"
"Beware notorious Bum Driller on the loose - Only in Uganda!"
"What's a guy gotta do around here to download some sperms into some butts?"
"Article in Ugandan tabloids about homosexuals"
"Good poochie... oh what? Nope."
"My awesome professor at Comic-Con this year. He's doin it right."
"Antoine Dogson"
"My sister sent me this pug pic that I thought you guys might enjoy"
"Antoine Dogson?"
"This made my day"
"seriously redtube?"
"nailed it"
"Gallium would make a poor substitute for M&amp;M coating"
"You so silly dog!"
"oh dawg  you hilaaarious"
"Imma boop your head!"
"Been posted many times...But always makes my day !!"
"Hey Cat!"
"SO cute and funny! makes me laugh every time!"
"This made my day"
"I read this in the voice of Phil Seben  the boss from Harvey Birdman  Attorney at Law."
"For those of you actually stressed about finals here's a picture that never fails to make me grin."
"How I felt the first time I sold something on eBay"
"I started my own candle company. This is how I felt when my local Piggly Wiggly ordered 72 of them."
"Wake up every morning and look at this photo  you will never start your day with a bad mood"
"Every time I buy something in Auction House  then sell it for more than I paid"
"Whenever someone asks me what my major is."
"How I felt after haggling down my weed dealer"
"How I feel going to work at my new job"
"Old as time itself  but my favorite picture."
"This is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen."
"The shinning meets Willie Wonka! HERE'S JOHNNY! (Gif)"
"Oh  so you got a ton of karma for your birthday? This is how reddit responded to mine."
"When people post only for upvotes"
"how i feel asking my girlfriend for anything sexual"
"Los Tres Amigos"
"Skrillex the movie"
"d-d-d-drop the bass [x-post from funny]"
"Practice makes perfect."
"Dickhead Dolphin"
"Fail Trick"
"Traffic accident"
"Drawing Something is doing it right..."
"I was really excited for this one on &quot;Draw Something&quot;"
"Uhhh  I'm not sure this is appropriate  Draw Something."
"Ahahaha BLLLEAAAGH om nom nom"
"The worst part is how he just keeps on chewing..."
"Well... Fuck."
"Facebook disappoints me."
"So he'll take my physics exam for me? Awesome!"
"Claw so hard."
"Freshman athletes moved into the dorms early. This sums up the weight room this week."
"How I felt waking up today to see I surpassed the 1 000 karma threshold."
"Is your housemate an atheist?"
"Is your housemate an atheist? One urination away..lol"
"Its like i'm seeing double!"
"overly manly man likes steak"
"How I feel after failing my certification test for a second time..."
"NOPE"
"This is how I'll leave the room on my last day of class."
"Do your dance move"
"Nice Moves..."
"Have you been drinking again?"
"Are They Made Of Rubber?"
"What I look like when I try to wear high heels."
"Transformers: Robots in Disguise!"
"Optimus Pwime (Tosh.0 Blog)"
"Good costume or  greatest costume?"
"Sadoptimus Prissein"
"Transkindaformer"
"When my favorite sites are down..."
"When my favorite website is down..."
"When I have realized I've upvoted a repost"
"That moment when you were going to post something that is now on the front page.."
"When someone reposts your post from months ago..... and theirs gets upvoted to oblivion!!!"
"View of The Milky Way in Turkey [1200x685]"
"So there is this vegetable in Brazil called Chuchu  and it sometimes looks like this.."
"Well  she looks happy...."
"I found a perfect gradation of red checkered shirts at the thrift store"
"Ice Ice Baby"
"I don't often bust a move  but when I do it's in pixels"
"Can't touch this"
"Christina Aguilera...I don't even...[GIF]"
"Nightmare fuel"
"Here is a picture of a Baby Polar Bear getting tickled... you're welcome reddit."
"Freezer you need to chill out"
"Didn't see that coming..."
"Saddle up! Oh wait..."
"1 down  98 to go."
"Nah... I got shit to do today."
"Knowing There's A Guy Out There That Looks Like This While Up Voting"
"How I feel after recently getting laid for the first time in months"
"smooth"
"Two fingers  please"
"My ideal weekday afternoon."
"Was looking for a dog Halloween costume when... why??"
"I'm not sure what it is  but I wanna do it."
"Flame fight"
"Fire Fight."
"Fire Fight."
"How big is Hurricane Sandy? Here's a comparison with the size of Europe."
"As a European  this puts hurricane Sandy into perspective"
"Fire the penis... cannon?"
"So I was googling &quot;kitty surprise&quot; to find pictures of an old childhood toy  and this came up in the search."
"So that's how rainbows are made..."
"Stoats? Ferrets? Rats and foxes?"
"Just thinking"
"strange cat haircut"
"Kitty?"
"Use other door."
"Goose will attack."
"Here comes another summer of un-air conditioned hell...."
"Work on a Monday and Reddit's Down?"
"well this consumed the first 10 minutes of work today..."
"ow  my brain"
"Standoff"
"God Damn Canadians"
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'."
"Just the necessities."
"I don't know what to call this. Just.. Beautiful."
"How it feels to be a short  clumsy girl in heels"
"You can do it baby panda."
"MEANWHILE IN SAUDI ARABIA"
"Messi at the airport in jeddah-Saudi Arabia"
"Messi just arrived to the airport in saudi arabia (Argentina VS Saudi Arabia)"
"Messi Arrived today to Saudi Arabia"
"Point that away! It's freaking Messi!"
"How to successfully troll dating websites"
"The real reason children become frustrated adults"
"Porn and Disney are responsible for the most frustrated human beings I know"
"disney and porn  an unfortunate truth...."
"Charlie's sex life is great"
"Ive just had about 30 unsuccessful comments in a row"
"flamingo?!"
"I would have had to kick this guy's ass."
"Well  fuck you too."
"Swimmer trapped by beach balls."
"The Baby Sitting Dog"
"Gandalf"
"Gandalf #1 business man"
"A true employee of the month."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPEEEEEEE"
"Spiders in a tree after a flood in Pakistan"
"Millions of spiders climbed up into the trees to escape the rising flood waters  this is what the end result was."
"Madre De Dios"
"You are here  simply amazing."
"Moving Neon Film Posters"
"Moving neon film posters. Simply awesome."
"Who Ya Gonna Call?"
"PEW PEW PEW"
"Not quite a panther."
"Tree Camping"
"Forever alone level: crazy cat lady"
"Proof of that cats don't give any fuck"
"Lenticular Clouds"
"Another Beautiful day in the NW. (Mt Rainier)"
"Fight!"
"Politics..."
"Nightmare juice"
"It's alright i didn't want to sleep anyway."
"Mays Money"
"Would do indeed."
"My new favorite gif"
"Ain't no one got shit on this zebra!"
"Everyday I'm Shufflin'"
"Surely you will smile"
"Not sure what this is  but I like it."
"Earth  Wind  and Zebra"
"Geddan Dragon"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"This is what I think when I hear about Hurricane Sandy..."
"Sandy Cheeks on Hurricane Sandy"
"Prepare your cheeks."
"When a porno takes a disturbing twist..."
"After eating those little candy hearts..."
"SURPRISE!"
"When my posts get buried before even getting any karma"
"Waking up to karma"
"White Girls vs Black Girls"
"Rainbow Leaf Beetle"
"rainbow leaf beetle"
"chrysolina cerealis"
"The Rainbow Leaf Beetle. (Chrysolina cerealis)"
"This gorgeous little creature is Chrysolina cerealis  also known as the rainbow leaf beetle."
"Diamonds are forever"
"How I feel whenever someone at work complains about IE crashing."
"You're less common than you think..."
"Proof we can all get along"
"Grabbing life by the horns."
"They said I could be anything"
"When people piss me off"
"How I see debates these days"
"What I think everytime I see a group of sketchy people walk near me late at night."
"I walk by this sign every day...today  I fight the power!"
"no respect for authority..."
"no respect for authority..."
"Would you like sauce or butter on that?"
"Aww ):"
"Gangnam Fries.."
"OPA GANGNAM FRIES!!!!"
"Gangnam Style Fries."
"Oh facebook y u so funny"
"Depth Perception FAIL [GIF]"
"High jump fail"
"Special Olympics"
"Everytime I think I post something good"
"Hard choice Morgan...hard choice."
"R/GoneWild + R/WTF ="
"Bathroom with glass floor built above an abandoned elevator shaft (xpost from r/roomporn"
"Bad Morning... Until I did it Gangnam Style"
"Ca$h is more worth"
"Wrestling with pet snake."
"Why is the cameraman filming?"
"This..."
"Server friend had a big spender stiff him a tip because she said she was a single mom. Order pizza next time then..."
"Not trying to create another argument over tips  but if you do this  FUCK YOU! I'm sure $140 could have gotten you and your kids a week worth of groceries  but instead you spend it one one meal?! For shame!"
"My gf got stuck with the closing shift and then BOOM  the karma police showed up. (Real Life - Fixed x/Post)"
"Eewww a spi...oh shi- no  no  no  NO  NO!"
"OH GOD NO."
"What kind of spider is this?"
"Hold on guys! I'm coming!"
"Forever alone .."
"and so  a villain was born"
"You Liston"
"Hello?"
"Hello? Is it me you're looking for?"
"Why God never received a PhD"
"Why God never received a PhD"
"Why God never got a PhD"
"Seven Hours"
"Back when Activision was actually good [FIXED]"
"An important date in BTTF"
"Never forget 11/12/1955"
"At 10:04 PM on this day in 1955  the courthouse clock tower in Hill Valley  CA was struck by lightning. It hasn't rung since."
"Never Forget &lt;3"
"Idaho: not afraid of wild gorillas [img]"
"Circle of life"
"GET FUCKED!"
"excuse me peta? what were you lying?"
"Excuse me Peta? what were you lying? (X-posting from pokemon)"
"I see your Leatherback Turtle  and raise you my Cookie Cutter Shark"
"The thing that made you rage hard as a kid. Shit destroyed friendships for me."
"How Republicans see progressive taxes:"
"Kamehameha!!!"
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"Every time I come to Reddit."
"My wife asked who I would sleep with if I was still single [Fixed]"
"My girlfriend asked me if I remember when she was skinny."
"My reaction when my wife asked me to watch women's Olympic volleyball with her (fixed)"
"When your GF says YOU get to choose..."
"When my gf asked which of her friends I'd fuck [fixed]"
"Say what you will about silly youth-pandering religious propaganda  I still want this on a t-shirt."
"So i came across this today on my feed"
"The most rapiest skunk in the world."
"The Rapiest cat"
"happy martin luther king  jr. day"
"New favorite gif. Period."
"Every Time I Venture Into r/WTF."
"12"
"Every time!"
"I don't know why  but this is my favorite picture on the internet"
"I approve these moves."
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe..."
"Super Chuck Norris..."
"Super Cuck Norris..."
"Oh hi... nope!"
"How certain chemicals affect the aging process"
"He don't give a shit."
"So I heard you guys like awkward family photos and pictures of pets... Well  check this out."
"Found: Best Family Photo Ever"
"Everything I know  I learned from XBOX Live"
"xbox live class"
"If aliens learned our language through XBox Live"
"Xbox Live truth - Imgur"
"&quot;Skeleton Jelly:&quot; This comic fills me with trippy  terrified joy."
"I am Skeleton Jelly"
"I am Skeleton Jelly!"
"Wake up  btich."
"Angels everywhere"
"No fucks given today"
"I see your partial skull before losing baby teeth and raise you a whole skull with full dental view."
"Ooooh another Kung Fu Panda movie.....Oh wait."
"John Reilly... is a SLENDERMAN? (look at his legs)"
"Awesome design"
"How to explore the galaxy"
"Like that'll ever happen."
"My sunshine."
"The universe remains in balance."
"How I feel after looking at /r/truechristian"
"My first thought when looking out my window"
"How it feels to be outside right now"
"Camping: You're doing it right."
"Accomplishment. [x-post r/hammocks]"
"Have you seen my glasses?"
"Indeed  they are not"
"i get tired of hearing them say this"
"Pixar Conspiracy"
"What it feels like when I show my friends iOS 6"
"35 years separates these two pictures."
"Ninety nine... One hundr-FUUU!"
"That is not what I meant by &quot;photo-bomb.&quot;"
"Photo-bomb: You're doing it wrong."
"Son ?"
"Troy Barnes: always classy"
"When my girlfriend tries to finish a sentence for me"
"Doggie Paddle"
"My life motto!"
"white tiger"
"Puppy sits on kid's head"
"I thought setting club music to it would make it less scary"
"This fits a little too well. [5:01]"
"Hey Guise"
"Have fun sleeping Reddit ;)"
"This is how Reddit should imagine OAG"
"Nope."
"Anytime I see parkour I think of this song."
"Obama reading Where The Wild Things Are -- primed for photoshopping"
"This is just screaming for it"
"Barack Obama just keeps giving us more reasons to vote for him"
"Since we are doing favorite pictures of the President these days..."
"Oh Johnny!"
"I don't see any Ice Giants..."
"You know i think Thor said it best:"
"First"
"Seen any Ice Giants Lately?"
"How it feels on Reddit and not liking cats."
"I think that fieldrunners2 is trolling me with that tip…"
"My favorite loading screen of all time [Fixed]"
"Just a pat on the back"
"Now that's a bitch slap."
"That'll do pig..."
"How I feel at work. Everyday."
"Then who the fuck is this?"
"Went on 4Chan and saw this ..."
"FUCK MONDAYS"
"When your post gets reposted and has 3 times more karma"
"GMOD Idiot Box - Gifstyle"
"Reminds me a bit of Octodad"
"JUST CLEANIN' THE DESK! [4:15]"
"Some say he chases dogs  and water is afraid of him. All we know is he's not Chuck Norris  but he is..."
"The Internet and Egypt"
"You know  I agree. Magnets  and swimming with sharks. [FIXED]"
"Tough times in Israel"
"So...yeah..."
"Four naked chicks in a jacuzzi [SFW]"
"I wish I could throw tantrums like these sometimes."
"What I do when my girlfriend makes a joke."
"When I tell a joke..."
"We all have that one unfunny friend."
"When my girlfriend makes a joke"
"Man's Best Friend."
"somebody find his tortoise.. HURRY!"
"Reward if found."
"I'll have a bowl of soup please. A very large bowl."
"It's the best kind of soup."
"My kind of soup!"
"HOME TAPING IS KILLING RECORD INDUSTRY PROFITS!"
"Dead Kennedys helping destroy the music industry"
"Not sure which part of this is funnier"
"How I act most of the time"
"Most accurate mirror ever...."
"Murder  Sunny Side Up"
"KEEP AWAY!!!!"
"I want to believe they get together in the end"
"How I feel when I hear my neighbor's dog at 4 am."
"Hasn't even been 24 hours yet  and this is how I feel when someone mentions Diablo 3."
"Dear male porn stars "
"So we've seen a Ballet dancer's feet  Rower's hands  Accountant's feet  and a Cricket players hands. How about a model's pinky?"
"When you see it..."
"I am a Polyathiest"
"The day he stopped giving a fuck."
"No hammocking for you"
"Reality inspired by Disney"
"Meat Baby"
"Mom knows my favorite dinner."
"The thumbnail does not do it justice..."
"What a glorious meowstache"
"When you have cats for hair..."
"Cat Man..."
"Catface."
"The wise man of Reddit."
"You call that a cat beard? More of a cat-goatee. Here's a cat beard."
"Friend posted this on my Facebook. What?"
"CAT BEARD. Now Give me Cake Day Upvotes."
"Googled god of reddit. Reddit  you never dissapoint me."
"Your argument is invalid  my hair is the internet"
"Hank Hill on Christian Rock"
"Ice Canyon.."
"If you had a machine that could stop time"
"painter's depiction of what the sky and landscape in Starry Night would have looked like when Van Gogh painted it"
"Starry Night."
"this is still my favorite picture from the internet."
"Amazing picture from National Geographic"
"Just a spider eating a snake."
"Just a spider eating a snake"
"come over here and rest your butt"
"Oh the irony..."
"How I feel when I read posts about school and I remember that I don't go to school anymore"
"Marvelous Dancing"
"Not cool Google."
"Pretty deer on Google Street View"
"These Google Maps drivers should really have their accident history looked into."
"Google Kills Bambi"
"&quot;La la laaa la laa la--OH SHIT!&quot;"
"Fuck you."
"When my local Goodwill advertises they now research their prices on eBay."
"Gotta have my Pops."
"Want"
"Some serious brain freeze"
"This person has their priorities straight."
"Holy mother of god."
"Growing old is not fun"
"MRW my gf says  &quot;We should experiment.&quot;"
"Sup."
"Sup... (xpost from r/funny)"
"Sexy and I know it (I work out)"
"Sup."
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"How I felt when I realized I missed my cakeday"
"Thieves"
"Repo Bears."
"I'm not asking  so please don't tell me."
"Classic"
"GTFO!"
"I said I don't like people sitting next to me on the train"
"Looking for a new wallpaper and I stumbled upon this. What the hell is going on here? (NSFW/L)"
"Royalty"
"Best picture on the Internet"
"That's a chicken  not a pig"
"Islam and religious tolerance."
"Whenever I see another country win gold..."
"In reaction to all these nude Olympian posts"
"In reaction to all these nude olympian posts"
"Curiosity has landed."
"When my friend tells me about him making it to the front page"
"How I feel when my friend brags about getting a great score on a test when I did poorly"
"When I see someone make it to the front page with a repost"
"When my friend makes it to page 3 on /r/funny"
"What it feels like to be the only person in my house with karma."
"Unbelievable Origami"
"wise words from ron swanson."
"Sean Connery at US Open. Best reaction gif of all time"
"Sean Connery Approves"
"World's Fastest Guitar Player"
"newborn gorilla gets a checkup"
"A newborn baby gorilla at Melbourne Zoo gets a checkup at the hospital and shows surprise at the coldness of the stethoscope. (xpost from r/pics)"
"Baby gorilla's stethoscope reaction"
"You'd be hard pressed to find truer words."
"Well I guess she proved her wrong."
"Gabe you sly dog"
"Girls In Pokemon"
"Required read for all Freshmen."
"Human release my penis!!"
"When my team doesn't ban Malphite and the other team instlocks Shen and Malphite"
"Watching my parents trying to use the computer."
"Soon.."
"(SPOILER) Hank's face at the end of tonight's episode."
"Girlfriend's son walks into our dinner party using her vibrator as a light sabor."
"Girlfriend's son walks into our dinner party using her vibrator as a light saber."
"Grumpy Patronus"
"How it feels getting Upvotes on my first post ever."
"How I felt after accidentally misspelling a word in a reddit post the other day..."
"Shake it Beyonce"
"Paris 2084 (concept art)"
"Paris  one hundred years from now."
"&quot;Lame Full Circle pun&quot;"
"Sloths &lt;3"
"Two handed texting at 70 MPH"
"Do as I say...."
"Snapped this photo on my local highway. I title it &quot;my get out of jail free card&quot;"
"Got ya!"
"I get a warning and a week later I see this sheriff sexting behind the wheel"
"Good ole Bizzaro..."
"spoiler alert well not really"
"Chocolate Hills  China"
"Chocolate Hills  China [960 x 687]"
"NEW 9/11 footage  shows what REALLY happened to the world trade center!"
"Norse crisis flow chart"
"Cat aka. Blake Griffin"
"Welcome to the Space Jam"
"Fuck."
"Fun things to do with kids..."
"Hang in there!"
"No fucks given at this local library"
"I see what you did there  Youtube..."
"Cutest butt in the world"
"Hamster Butt"
"Hamster booty!"
"How I feel trying to fix a problem on my PC sometimes..."
"How I feel as a 25 year old with regular acne breakout."
"I feel he has a valid point"
"Well... This is awkward..."
"I'd take the penthouse.."
"Not Bad."
"Don't be racist"
"Well said House  well said..."
"He knows best"
"Possibly the only true statement I've heard on FOX..."
"House on religious people"
"The logic of Islam extremists (Fixed)"
"Wololo Wololo Wololo!!!"
"Looks just like the box!"
"I made the mistake of commenting about Mac versus PC gaming computers and then looked at my inbox"
"Sorry!"
"Bert and Ernie  in the flesh (warning  may ruin your childhood)"
"Bert and Ernie cosplay"
"Nice Homecoming"
"Report for Booty"
"Dont you hate it when a sign insults you on the way to work?"
"Where you should pee [flowchart]"
"An idiot's guide to urination"
"While Reddit was down..."
"My dog likes to stick his head out the window."
"in soviet russia the cocaine snorts you."
"well at least he looks good doing it."
"A walking tree?"
"This is how i see UpVoting in the &quot;New&quot; section"
"Saw this picture posted in a friend's Facebook feed..."
"It's not my reddit birthday. It's my actual birthday. I turn 26 today."
"The Americans guide to Non-American Football..."
"It's my reddit birthda.. ohh. Okay."
"Phenomenal Tornado"
"Hold on Shaniqua  we goin down!"
"The reason people on here are atheists"
"We don't want any."
"It's magic!"
"THIS ONE HAS SEEN THEIR REWARDS AND KNOWN THEIR BOUNTY"
"Thought I'd creep a few people out with this."
"Running Laps"
"Navigating the 7-Eleven snack aisle after the bar"
"Coming Home Drunk"
"Walking around my house drunk:"
"Go home Big Bird you're drunk"
"Emma Stone"
"When I tell people I just got a job at an electronics store..."
"When my friends get a job at a resturaunt [FIXED]"
"This is how I picture a Reddit meet if a female enters the room. [FIXED]"
"Borderlands 2 Co-Op"
"Here is a tiger. I was pretty confused at first"
"Simply Stunning"
"Today is not my cake day and..."
"Building at 8TH &amp; 14th Street"
"Yeah  a Category 1 is still a hurricane. A scene from Baltimore City."
"Real-life dollhouse in NYC  courtesy of Sandy."
"Sandy vs a brownstone is Chelsea"
"I really have to stop taking my baths during Peter's shenanigans."
"dont drink and drive"
"Good thing the middle guy was Superman"
"Fuck this I'm outta here  my planet needs me!"
"It's a bird! It's a plane! It's... a very unlucky guy!"
"Ever wished you could fly?"
"Ever wished you could fly?"
"If I can't find a job after studying for my degree..."
"I was told today that the company I work for are freezing pay.... This is all I could think of!"
"Sometimes I do too."
"I don't even... No  this isn't in any way okay  ever."
"My favorite Stare Dad"
"Freedom of speech should only go so far..."
"Every time I hear Muslim anger about Muhammad being depicted"
"One Hour to Live ..."
"When I try to get to the front page..."
"I graduate from college in two weeks. This is how I picture these next two weeks going."
"Monday morning and time to go to work..."
"Right in the childhood."
"Gotta love rugrats"
"Dawwww"
"Kitty wants to Cuddle"
"Kitty wants to Cuddle (x-post from r/gifs)"
"This just became my favorite pic on the internet"
"Asking for and receiving the first sext message feels like."
"How i felt when my girlfriend finally got her period"
"How I feel as a college student whenever I use my debit card and it works."
"Obama Attacks the Internet"
"Bullet to the wall. [gif]"
"[gif] Bullet (x-post from r/gif)"
"Animated Gun Fight!"
"A gentleman's duel."
"El Duelo"
"How I felt when I saw all of my friends went to the movies without me."
"When you wake up and there's no blue links to check out while on the toilet..."
"When I close Reddit by accident"
"How I feel  wanting so bad to be a part of Reddit but not being even a tiny bit funny."
"This is me  a console gamer  as I see all of the amazing deals of the Steam Summer Sale"
"I've never been more terrified of a wireless network"
"My sister's wifi name"
"The makings of my nightmares"
"This scared me  and I don't even know why."
"Train wreck at Montparnasse Station  Paris  France  1895. [1750x2100]"
"The Dark Side of religion"
"Making of the world's first camera."
"This keeps me awake at night...[FIXED]"
"How I look when my boss comes to check up."
"When I'm too lazy to name a file"
"Call Me Marty"
"WTF scary cake..."
"I found this on my Facebook. Boy am I Stumped."
"Best Disguise Mask Ever"
"Where did he come from?"
"Hillbilly - Imgur"
"Cut it out man!"
"Stop that!"
"Raaaatatatatata"
"dude  wtf!"
"First try at downvote gif...How i do?"
"Fuck this i'm outta here"
"The very definition of Nope."
"I saw this in r/wtf. Really  really big NOPE"
"NOPE"
"Links 2-3-4"
"This is how you do it in Russia"
"Baby  What The Fuck!"
"Baby."
"Found this gem on Facebook"
"Baby  wtf. [by Keaton Stoos]"
"Five seconds after every morning when I log on to reddit"
"How it felt getting on the front page"
"When Reddit is down"
"The Notebook vs. Harry Potter. You tell 'em Uncle Vernon!"
"Well that's one way to catch the bus [NSFW  DEATH]"
"Hey New York  here's how you survive the hurricane (x-post from r/Sandy)"
"Not a bad idea"
"Too soon?"
"Bitter New Yorkers"
"Too soon?"
"How to make Hurricane Sandy safe..."
"Incredible photos of Manhattan underwater and the NYC skyline without power!"
"Sandy"
"Submerged"
"Who let the dogs out!?!"
"I get knocked down!"
"I'll never forget my first steps"
"The Baby King"
"I just purchased a Taylor Swift song on iTunes."
"P U G C E P T I O N"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like pugs"
"Indeed..."
"Mind = Blown"
"How pandas will become extinct."
"Pure Laziness."
"So this is how boomerangs work..."
"Impressive"
"[FB] I'll be saving some good money today!"
"Well  Fuck"
"EA  reboot this franchise and I'll forgive you for every Madden from this generation."
"So school's starting in a week  and people are posting their schedules on Facebook  and this is all I can think of."
"tough life"
"Bitch  please...."
"I know its old but this is my favorite gif"
"Better luck next time"
"He's starting a new trend"
"Creepiest Photo bomb"
"This is a repost. Would someone post or message me the original topic that blew up on the front page?"
"This has to be shopped... I want his shirt!"
"Ron has all the answers."
"Fear it!"
"DJ Jesus died for your spins."
"Apples  he hates the taste."
"Oh Alice!"
"this just ended my childhood"
"Two of my favorite things being awesome together"
"Can someone make me a hi res of this  at 1600 X 900?"
"How Women and Men See Colors"
"Colors by Sex"
"So much truth [FIXED]"
"WTF is spindrift"
"The difference between men and women"
"... Five Dogs a-Sleepin' ..."
"All glory"
"Escape is futile..."
"Hey  he was saving the rest for later"
"Nightmares for days"
"Need a good book to read?"
"Looking for a good book?"
"McKayla Maroney Dancing"
"How I feel when I make the front page."
"Cat-tain Falcon (start both at same time) - [0:36]"
"obvious choice"
"Fed Lee Sin"
"Humans acting like apes."
"I'll just leave this here"
"I'm sorry to inform you that Earth is about to be been eaten by a fire demon."
"Oh my you fire demon!"
"The devil went down to Georgia."
"The Kansas City Library is made out of books"
"How much?"
"I be looking like"
"So all of a sudden I'm passing a ginger on a unicycle..."
"and not a single fuck was given on that glorious day"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Just a boy riding a unicorn bicycle."
"Haters gonna hate"
"The fact that he's a ginger probably doesn't help much either"
"Scenic Redwoods."
"BOOM  Headshot!"
"Paint War in Berlin [x-post r/woahdude]"
"Colorclash (Paint war in Berlin) [xpost from r/woahdude]"
"If you do this  Fuck You"
"Running with your dog? You're doing it wrong."
"I  for one  welcome our new transforming robot overlords."
"The Clear Choice"
"All Hail."
"Bio-mechanic Politics"
"You missed a spot"
"They make it look so easy in action movies"
"Keep Rollin Rollin Rollin"
"Do a barrel Roll!"
"One tired puppy"
"Kiss the Cook"
"Kiss the Cook"
"Many layered forest scene [gif]"
"Inner Peace"
"Your mother."
"Your mother is so fat..."
"and who said being a kid in russia wasn't fun"
"Electron microscope image of a maggot."
"I see your face of an ant and raise you a face of a maggot"
"When somebody says I have no soul because I'm a ginger"
"Whenever a friend posts a link to Facebook via an app I have to sign up for in order to see it"
"When someone requests me to draw something on their pizza box in the middle of a rush."
"Whenever work asks me to come in on my day off"
"Noticed it was my cakeday so I can express how I really feel about Reddit right now."
"As a broke first worlder  this is how I feel about all of your so called &quot;Problems&quot;"
"My reaction to most responses on my comments."
"4 of the Australian Synchro Swimming team... my new favourite Olympic sport."
"Australian waterpolo team"
"Basically"
"You can only push a girl so far...."
"Social Networking"
"Simple rules to follow for personal greatness"
"Ron Swanson's Pyramid of Greatness"
"How my legs feel a day after lifting too much at the gym"
"How I feel when I wait until the last minute to start my AP summer assignments..."
"Get down! Its a snip-"
"locked and loaded."
"Now that they mastered cracking nuts with stone tools...."
"This is fuck?"
"Mr Bean's discovery"
"OP goes to America"
"A background image worthy of reddit."
"Reddit heaven"
"I still can't afford their cars  but this is beautiful. [More in comments]."
"Even better"
"I hope you all realize that THIS is the real Secret Asian Man song"
"Secret Asian Man"
"Secret Asian Man [Fixed]"
"A high school junior's class project on Barack Obama...I fear for the future."
"When you see it"
"&quot;It's not rape if I have swag&quot;. Look at what this idiot has posted now!"
"But officer  I have swag! You cant arrest me!"
"Republican Propaganda"
"Canned humour"
"We're a little behind schedule for the next Jaws movie... (x-funny)"
"Some folks just don't understand."
"My reason exactly"
"Reddit's slogan"
"How I feel all the time."
"Eric Forman the original redditor."
"Happy Pup"
"Wish my dog could do this"
"Nerdy Girls"
"My favorite &quot;What are you thinking about?&quot;"
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"Iron Man 3"
"Deadpool is a dick"
"Agent Dash doesn't like seeing the same thing twice..."
"I noticed something today  while loading agent dash."
"Wizard of Oz"
"Pretty accurate height chart."
"Some people never learn"
"One rim to rule them all [x-post /r/bicycling]"
"look at that cocksucker(sfw)"
"The knife in COD might be a little OP..."
"Call of Duty summed up in one GIF"
"The three Mars rovers compared to humans"
"The Curiosity Rover is MASSIVE compared to past Mars rovers."
"Size comparisons of the different Mars rovers."
"All three Mars rovers  a size comparison (x-post from /r/Science)"
"Bought some lettuce...."
"Just a normal bag of lettuce"
"Gay Marriage"
"Soo... I know what i'm doing this weekend!"
"my morning commute when the chain breaks on my bicycle. top hat included."
"Best Toilet Paper Name in The World - Found in China"
"Sometimes too much honesty is a bad thing"
"The perfect product name."
"You've all seen The Matrix  right?"
"Felix Baumgartner IN"
"How I feel when someone says something really stupid."
"Also  the bridge is out ahead"
"Bridge out ahead"
"It's hard being a guy."
"Being a man vs being a women *some generalizations"
"The moment i realise there is toilet paper stuck to my shoe.."
"When I'm trying to order a drink at the bar  and the bartender serves the guy next to me instead."
"Driving at a [10] [FIXED]"
"Guy calls a guy just to &quot;talk&quot;"
"I tell you hwat."
"Funniest Nic Cage Picture I've ever seen!"
"You're a wizard Harry. Ya don't say?!"
"I love sensitive guys."
"The King showing some love"
"Truckception"
"Lizard Plays Smartphone Game [x-post /funny]"
"How to deal with a bear [Fixed]"
"keep it in the family."
"&quot;SpongeBob SquarePants is why violent crime exists&quot;"
"Spongebob is hellspawn [X-Post from r/wtf]"
"This actually happened to me from a girl that I dated 4 years ago... She won't let go -_-"
"Your cat is Dead"
"Overly attached girlfriend has crossed the line."
"This may be long  but it is the single funniest thing I have ever read"
"Ford backflips on trolley lines"
"Some friends of mine went fishing. It ended up being a pain in the ass"
"Dog-Ragefaces!"
"Portable Rocket Launcher"
"Found this on my news feed...*Scroll scroll scroll*"
"Saw this on my news feed  any love for Santans?"
"The war of our time  i give you... The iWar."
"This reminds me of something..."
"iWar"
"The IWAR"
"Thieving Bastard"
"Hey Carl"
"DAMMIT  CARL."
"Dammit  Carl!"
"Have you seen my blue--"
"Carl  have you...?"
"Hey Carl..."
"Everything is ruined now."
"well im walking to work"
"When I can't describe the way I feel  there's always Dave Chappelle..."
"Just because you dress like a whore..."
"not what i was expecting"
"Is that a frickin' llama with frickin' laser beams attached to it's frickin' head?"
"It's Super Effective!"
"In case of emergency..."
"They're*"
"She always does this when I shower"
"The only thing I thought of when I saw this cat"
"Creepy Cat watches you in the shower (X-Post from /r/pics)"
"She always does this when I shower (X-post from /r/pics)"
"You okay in there? Need help? Just checking..."
"She always does this while I'm showering"
"Sarah Jessica Parker costume - the resemblance is striking."
"Are you kidding me?"
"So these guys left their actual phone number on a piece of right-wing gun nut propaganda......"
"Just WTF found this on Imgur randomizer"
"Not enough chickens in /r/aww"
"Instantaneously thought of you guys when I saw this."
"My brother spent ages drawing this  what do you reckon?"
"Anybody stop Kony?"
"Anybody stop Kony?"
"The Versatility of Dude"
"No Basketball"
"Sigh... It got another one"
"Another victim claimed [xpost from r/trees]"
"Not again.."
"They are EVERYWHERE !!"
"Magnetic balls! The threat that no one suspects..."
"Finally home after shopping like mad on the steam sale while on vacation"
"What people will truly look like after no fap september"
"Coming  ready or not !"
"Outraged citizens of Kakariko Village demand Link replace the pots they hid their hearts in."
"Peaceful protest in Afghanistan: How do atheists reconcile the contradiction that atheists and muslims alike can engage in hateful murder and peaceful protest  as well?"
"Aang Gone Wild"
"Sunset Upvote"
"I see your wall  and raise you the Reddit Gang Sign."
"free dishwasher"
"Googled gentleman top hat... got this."
"For my cakeday I present my favorite picture"
"The photobomb she'll never forgive..."
"The photobomb she'll never forget."
"Do a little dance..."
"it takes courage to enjoy it"
"A friend just posted this on Facebook  thought it was reddit worthy."
"This has gotten out of hand"
"Smashing"
"Googled &quot;smashing&quot; was not disappoint"
"Just me. Getting it on. [sfw]"
"Just a fox on a tube train"
"Just a fox on the underground."
"These things are getting a little out of hand. [Fb]"
"This was on my fb feed  so fuckin tired of seeing this shit"
"Rape; teach me."
"Unfortunate teacher's names you said?"
"this is why i'm chubby"
"[Spotted] The perfect paint scheme for a smart."
"Perfect paint scheme for a Smart. [X-post from r/cars]"
"Best Paint Job"
"Rap[Fixed][Fixed]"
"This would be hard."
"The longer I look the funnier it is..."
"Sunshine  Lollipops  and Seagal"
"Steven Seagal blasts his worst enemies"
"Steven Seagal hates children"
"Someone is baking cookies tonight."
"Awesomest picture ever? Possibly..."
"I don't even know what to title this."
"I Googled &quot;Greatest picture on the internet&quot;"
"Googled  &quot;The best picture on the internet&quot; and this is it. Needless to say I was not disappointed."
"Googled &quot;Best picture on the internet&quot; and this is the first image that I got...I think it's spot on."
"I Googled &quot;The Greatest Picture on the Internet&quot;  and wasn't disappointed."
"So I googled &quot;Best photo on the internet&quot;"
"The Best Cat On The Internet"
"The Best Picture On The Internet."
"Googled &quot;best picture on the internet&quot;.... was not disappointed"
"Googled &quot;Best picture on the internet&quot;..."
"Why does this exist?"
"Seriously  Wtf?"
"Mandarin Dragonet"
"Mandarin Fish (Synchiropus splendidus)"
"A high res photo of a beautiful Mandarinfish"
"So I Googled &quot;So I Googled&quot; and the results were predictable  and obviously a repost."
"Searched &quot;average reddit user&quot; on google  one of the first results..."
"Harvey Dent's train of thought . . . ."
"Yeah it's a repost  but I love this pic"
"Ultimate Fap Challenge!"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend with Lavender Town Theme O.o"
"This is your brain on reddit:"
"Not sure if funny or horrifying?"
"What."
"Overly Attractive Nicholas Cage"
"Aw Hell Yea"
"I would love to toke in here  and watch the fish. Say this in r/roomporn."
"Newton's balls"
"Lights."
"Winnie the Pooh and Bacon"
"Winnie the pooh you sly devil!"
"Oh Winnie the Pooh your....wait.. what"
"This popped up on my News Feed."
"Why I won't go swimming with you guys? [nsfw]"
"just a guy shitting in midair while doing a cannonball"
"Eye see what you did there."
"I typed &quot;weird&quot; into Google Images... I don't know what I was expecting."
"When a hammerhead shark has a human baby...."
"Sometimes there is no title that can describe a photo"
"So...this is fake  right?"
"I loved this guy..."
"Sometimes you just need a helping trunk. . ."
"Evlution"
"I'm not very good at captioning things. Here are some baby pandas failing pretty badly on a slide. In the snow. I've been watching it for about 10 minutes now."
"sliding panda"
"World's Coolest Backyard"
"Welcome to summer"
"Backyard movie - not technically a room  but I'm sure it belongs here [1000×900]"
"Just Camping"
"Call upon the elements"
"I see your crazy houses and raise you WonderWorks in Orlando  Florida"
"I see your house in Poland and raise this building in Orlando"
"Have We Met?"
"How I feel after giving an upvote"
"Bill Fuckin' Murray."
"It's stats like this that make me lose faith in humanity."
"Going through life is easier with someone by your side  12 years and still together."
"How I felt at the bars this weekend wearing my creepy Movember mustache."
"Watch what you call them"
"Colored pencils"
"What did I just say?"
"How my parents must have felt when I was younger."
"Bill Belichick is a baby."
"Bill Belchick is mad hungry"
"trust me  that's what he said."
"theism"
"always use Flash"
"Sorry honey  I forgot to turn The Flash on  can we take it again?"
"Proper lighting makes all the difference."
"It's as old as the internet  but it still gets me EVERY time"
"The Duck Ruins Everything [Semi-NSFW]"
"I present to you the Megan Fox and Shia LaBeouf face swap"
"Should I go out tonight or stay in?"
"When I browse &quot;new&quot; to find something of value."
"When my girlfriend wants to go to bed and I've just sharted."
"Trying to decide on having sex with a really hot  but really racist girl."
"How I felt returning from a friend's wedding  only to see all the horrible divorce stories on AskReddit today"
"Upvoting when the comment is brilliant  but the grammar is awful"
"Upvoting a GIF that you've seen  but has a new  witty title"
"Guild Wars 2 and Dark Souls come out within a week of each other"
"Did as I was told."
"God Doesn't Make the World This Way."
"God doesn't make the world this way... [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"Rorschach on God."
"what Green Eggs and Ham is REALLY about..."
"4chan has a nice side to it..."
"Obligatory cakeday post before I forget."
"Huge Camel toe"
"Why cats are awesome!"
"THIS is why cats are awesome!"
"My friend just told me EA is better than Valve because Counter-Strike's graphics are &quot;just bad in every way.&quot;"
"This is quite frightening."
"These jellyfish look like alien lifeforms"
"How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? (nsfw)"
"Oh  sure  this is easily and rationally explained. [NSFW]"
"Jehovah's Witnesses  and little kids on Halloween"
"A Connected World"
"Globalization"
"Compiling the most beautiful woman in the world"
"Time to unmask this monster..."
"asdasd"
"get in my car little girl....i have mc donalds"
"Nostalgia."
"Chappelle's Show got it right 9 years ago."
"My favorite reality swap. (C &amp; H)"
"Ummm.... huh.. at least they look warm.... [NSFW]"
"Um  honey? I think our daughter's ready for &quot;the talk&quot;."
"In terms of awkward family photos  I think that this one takes the cake. Merry Xmas!"
"Pretty Sure This is Historically Accurate"
"Sir  we'd all understand if you just left that by your car"
"Just realized that I missed my &quot;cakeday&quot;"
"The power of the Ring"
"Purity Ring"
"Not any more they don't."
"Don't fuck around with Rudolph."
"Christmas in July! ...or not"
"How rudolph got the other reindeer to shut the fuck up"
"Rudolph doesn't take any crap."
"Rudolph doesn't take any crap."
"I said  &quot;Laugh and call me names One More Time!&quot;"
"Gangnam Style"
"Ain't no party like a panda party cuz a panda party don't stop. Except for nappy time."
"IRL keyboard functions"
"Every Day"
"My faggot dog doing this faggot look."
"Possible outcomes"
"We Need to Talk"
"Give him a gamebreaker!"
"Hadouken!"
"Ken vs Fisherman"
"Must have been hump day"
"Feel the Bass."
"the bouncing bass"
"I'll just leave this here"
"Actually went outside today and found this."
"Figured this belonged here. [Craigslist]"
"It hits us all pretty hard"
"Oh Alyssa.."
"Looks like..."
"I think he is in a sticky situation"
"P.E.A. Meetings"
"Early for everything."
"Cat gets denied"
"Every time i try to get to the frontpage"
"Denied!"
"Colorful ants!"
"This image still makes me choked up inside  I'm from Iowa so this was all over the news  heart breaking and also shows how loyal man's best friend truly is."
"Yin &amp; Yang"
"Yin Yang"
"Everytime i get an upvote!"
"How I feel every time I browse through /b/"
"DO NOT SWALLOW YOUR CHEWING-GUM or else  see what happens:"
"My reaction to all of the replacement refs calls"
"My friends and I in our engineering classes"
"Ooh  a box...AAHHhhhhh"
"90% of the people on r/AskReddit"
"My friend's wife breeds Pugs. Without explanation  she put one on a horse. Here's the result:"
"Just a Pug on a Horse"
"Looks like I won't be going to school for a while! Stuyvesant High School  Lower Manhattan"
"Tribeca Hurricane Sandy."
"When people post political rants to fb"
"Oh  shit."
"How I feel when my boss tells me not to Reddit at work."
"Gorilla warfare"
"I'm pretty sure this is how EA releases games."
"How I feel throwing my two cents into a conversation about religion.."
"How I feel throwing my two cents into a conversation about religion (X-post from /r/funny)"
"Grains of sand under a microscope"
"Sand at 4X magnification"
"My favorite piece of fanboy art"
"*twitch*"
"Beautiful Cloud Formation - Northern Ontario"
"Yup there Clouds"
"Old man still doesn't give a fuck."
"A novel system of measuring beards"
"DOUBLE KILL!"
"Google's first image result for &quot;fucking pixie&quot;"
"Hitler taking a nice ride at night"
"Hitler and rainbows."
"weirdest picture I've found on the internet"
"I don't even"
"Well that's not very helpful..."
"just my luck"
"Yes  free tacos! Wait...damnit!!!"
"Pee"
"This is me after a few drinks"
"Childhood Frustration"
"A summary of my sex life"
"Yeah  that's what i meant Google"
"Yeah  that's what i meant Google"
"Baseball Level: Japan"
"Prostate exams under Romneycare..."
"Get ready  America"
"He didn't want any money in return..."
"He's a demon on wheels!"
"First World Kitten Problems"
"Enough bitching here because..."
"How I feel joining reddit... After just adopting 3 Kittens."
"Sister texted asking if my requested &quot;killer&quot; sandwich was in fact killer. this is was my reply."
"Rejected LOL OWNED"
"Traumatized for life."
"a little shocked to say the least..."
"priceless reaction"
"Utter terror in his eyes"
"Because I feel like it....."
"Like a sailor.."
"True story..."
"containing your excitement from getting some after a week of Aunt Flow visiting..."
"How I feel returning to work after over 2 weeks off"
"My morning reddit check went something like this"
"&quot;You already have an account&quot;"
"I slept in today."
"Iv been confused for a week now..."
"How I feel coming into work after a weekend of excessive drinking..."
"browsing reddit as an european guy today"
"How I feel as a Swede on reddit lately"
"The weather today"
"After missing out on Reddit this morning..."
"Australians will understand."
"...I have no memory of this place"
"Apparently I missed something..."
"after working all day today"
"I think I missed something..."
"After browsing r/AdviceAnimals"
"Cocooned Trees  Pakistan"
"Come at me bro."
"BRO!BRO!!"
"COME AT ME BRO!!!"
"Fisherman level: John Rambo"
"What Is Love?"
"How unfortunate..."
"How very unfortunate"
"You KNOW i'm sexy"
"ExCUSE me..."
"The Problem with Walmart"
"Feeling sad? I was but then I found this..."
"NPH that is all......."
"That's so easy"
"when I'm sad.."
"I love stairs!"
"I'm still jealous of Arnold's room from 'Hey Arnold!'"
"The room you always wanted"
"My dream room as a kid  hell still is."
"As a kid  this was my dream bedroom..."
"a safety precaution in less than 140 characters"
"This is the world we live in"
"First world advice"
"A .GIF that had to be made."
"Every Single Post I Make (Gif)"
"Every. Day."
"That is the saddest looking cat I've ever seen."
"The other side of Hitler"
"Went to a wedding yesterday. The officiator held up this sign during the &quot;First Kiss&quot;."
"xpost r/funny picture of wedding when the officiator holds up this cringe inducing sign during the &quot;First kiss&quot;"
"[X-Post from /r/ Funny] Went to a wedding yesterday  the officiator held up this sign at the first kiss."
"Achievement Unlocked: Obtain a Wife"
"Shark swimming next to a car in Ocean City  MD. No big deal."
"Getting passed in the left lane... BY A SHARK!!!"
"This was taken during hurricane sandy by my friend. It's a shark swimming by the car. This is literally on the road."
"Took this pic driving down 142nd St"
"Sharks in the streets!"
"They will get married on halloween."
"When my last couple of posts didn't completely tank"
"rage comics are back on the front page"
"When one of my posts is accepted by Reddit"
"If only hotel sinks weren't this scummy."
"I hate this guy."
"Hello my baby!"
"Spiders can be cute too..kind of"
"So we meet again."
"No Bones Dance"
"PARTY HARD"
"What I think of every time I see someone getting intense on an elliptical machine at the gym"
"PARTY HARDEST"
"the way that my dad dances...."
"still the funniest picture i've ever seen on here"
"These little bastards...."
"Dont you hate it when you look at the sky and you see these things??"
"Now I can carefully take the remote back..."
"I can finally watch MY show now."
"X-post from r/wtf. Finally a burger king that caters to us"
"It's about time McDonalds catered to us."
"Happy bday Steve Irwin  you crocodile hunter  you. We miss ya!"
"We lost him six years ago today. Reddit  in honor of Steve  do something for nature today!"
"Back off devil"
"I love this little kid. Oh what have they done to you. Found on FB"
"Popped up on FB feed... wanted to cry immediately."
"Memes? REALLY?"
"No. He belongs to the internet. Silly Christians."
"This came up a few days ago on Facebook  I was saddened by the horrid misuse of memes."
"They always have to ruin a good thing."
"This swedish McDonalds has a pretty clear employment policy."
"Anderson Cooper being a badass"
"Anderson Cooper: Kidnapper"
"Anderson Cooper using a human shield to escape a sticky situation"
"Shop at your own risk!"
"How the hell did this happen?"
"I'll take the elevator instead..."
"Feel the Fury!"
"Jim Jeffries on Death"
"I won't even know I'm dead."
"Finger painting done right."
"oooo that's nice"
"When I get caught watching porn"
"My planet needs me..."
"Mine. No  mine. (GIF)"
"So we seem to have found the same dog...."
"So we seem to have found the same dog...."
"How people are reacting to the hurricane in my area of maryland right now:"
"When I realized I hadn't left the house in over a week."
"What I think when my post fails."
"I had my favorite kind of granola bar today!"
"Goddamn Nature Valley bars."
"I think a name change is in order"
"Everytime"
"Brittle as rocks  but I loved them anyways"
"So good but true!"
"White House photo of Obama and his national security team following events in the Bin Laden operation"
"The Situation Room as mic'd Navy Seals attack Osama's compound."
"Holy crap  Trinity Killer is part of Obama's national security team"
"White House photo of Obama and his national security team following events in the Bin Laden operation (FIXED)"
"Well  someone had to do it"
"White House National Security Team photo identified"
"Arctic Fencing Team"
"Found this gem on google."
"Found this gem on Google"
"Found this gem today."
"I found this gem online."
"check out this gem i found!"
"I give baby elephants for your judgement"
"Oh it's picture day? I better look FABULOUS"
"Portal christmas tree"
"Christmas Tree into a Portal"
"Found this on Tumblr"
"Upron this if you're a brave freethinker who don't need no Mittler."
"I want this shiny device SO much!"
"I could watch this all day."
"Rawrrrr!"
"This didn't need a statue."
"Just Realized That I Missed My First Cake Day..."
"Just the average music festival roster..."
"How I feel being asked to work late on a Monday"
"Quick  honey! Get the camera!"
"Just picking up the kids."
"The scourge of London  the Eagle."
"To Rule The Skies"
"Party"
"Poor Zach Galifianakis"
"Will you survive?"
"One of the best cat GIFs ever."
"Rock and roll."
"Why is this so amusing?"
"Whenever there is a chain of 10 funny comments. (probably repost)"
"Must have been a good joke"
"I have nothing to say to this!"
"Photo of a pilot ejecting seconds before his jet crashes"
"I Was Watching This Video When This Ad Popped up..."
"I'm not sure if someone has posted this already but this showed up on my Facebook newsfeed... I'm guilty to admit I chuckled a bit."
"And I thought I hated flossing..."
"&quot;Like this to save a child!&quot;"
"Business Cat on Profits"
"Business Cat"
"Business cat"
"How I feel after store brand soda got 1800 upvotes on r/funny"
"When you see it.."
"It's going to be one of those days."
"Woh  dude  hold on a sec!"
"CUTEST GIF EVER"
"Trampolines are awesome."
"DIE BITCH DI - ooo bouncy"
"true words"
"Now this man has the right idea about how to deal with sign-holding &quot;Christians.&quot;"
"Peripheral vision is whacked  by PeanutBuddha"
"Serious Peripheral Vision Mind-Fuck"
"Peripheral Vision is Crazy!"
"I'm going to need a lot of time to unsee this"
"Find out your sentence..."
"Should i get a cat? should i get a dog? why not both! (Cat-dog)"
"Two pets for the price of one!"
"Some Dogs Go To Heaven?"
"Do dogs go to heaven?"
"All Dogs Go To Heaven."
"All Rocks Go To Heaven"
"A conversation between two churches on who goes to heaven"
"Meat Bieber"
"Bieber Fever at a dangerous level"
"Thugbob Swagpants"
"No Bother"
"Why is this on my facebook feed???"
"Nailed It"
"I feel really bad for laughing at this."
"You got knocked the f**k out!"
"Dont even think about taking Chun-Li's purse"
"I can't stop laughing."
"How I feel when the power is out..."
"When my phone won't let me use my flashlight cause the battery is below 20%."
"Only them can do it!"
"3-Tard Moon"
"When I see that my package is out for delivery."
"Proving Atheists Wrong With Science #1 -- I guess this settles it!"
"Proving Atheists Wrong With Science!"
"I can find 3 things wrong with this &quot;proof&quot; is there anything I am missing?"
"Every time I click to view comments that say 'comment score below threshold'"
"Still my favorite zombie game"
"This was my first zombie game  anyone else remember this?"
"my friends kitty loves his little sheep."
"I'll just leave this here."
"This is always so freaking cute"
"why can't everything in life be this adorable!"
"Oompa Loompa Romney"
"Oompa Loompa Romney"
"Why r/gaming should stop worrying about the Steam Summer Sale"
"Trapped time"
"Sorcery!"
"Starry Night reflection"
"Just another dog vs cat lightsabre fight.."
"saw this the other day... words cannot describe how funny this is to me!"
"Irish Humor?"
"At least she is having fun [NSFW]"
"Bus  go home! You're drunk!"
"The Great Wall"
"Tastes like chicken..."
"NOPE. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE."
"Simply wtf"
"Just in time for lunch"
"Yum."
"In A World Without Hostess"
"What's that  mom? We're stopping for ice cream!?! [gif]"
"Waking up to 1300 extra karma from one comment"
"How I reacted after discovering RES and it's night mode which will allow unlimited browsing in bed next to snoring boyfriend."
"Hitting 10 000 karma."
"How I feel when a celebrity replies to my tweet."
"Whenever the OP of a medium sized thread replies directly to my comment"
"How I feel waiting to hit 8000 karma after 3 mo. of posting."
"Retoast"
"Oh god!"
"Well  that's one way to go about it..."
"Why?"
"I have no words"
"[NSFW] I really want to laugh.. but I just can't."
"This isn't exactly porn anymore [NSFW]"
"Flapjacks  anyone? (nsfw)"
"I want to wish all of reddit a happy Leif Erikson Day!"
"If we could harness their power  we could solve the energy crisis"
"I present to you: a sleigh team of midgets taxiing an airplane."
"The biggest mullets can be found in the smallest places"
"Tips To Stay Out Of Jail"
"How to stay out of jail"
"How to stay out of jail"
"Fucking Lightning!"
"After eating all the holiday baking before the holidays..."
"Showed a Muslim friend my doodle of prophet Muhammad"
"How I feel after a year of Reddit."
"When I post a joke only few get and it gets promptly sent to downvote hell and I'm too proud of it to delete it. It's nice and toasty down here ^-^"
"YOLO? YOLT Mr. Bond!"
"For some reason  I never pictured them like this"
"Summer Lake &lt;-&gt; Winter Park"
"If you can't find the book that you're looking for  then..."
"Mo-vember  Dark Knight Style"
"Can't touch this!"
"Keepin' it classy on aisle 3"
"I guess he saw it coming  but decided to do it anyhow"
"Nothing bad could possibly come of this."
"I mean he's got a point"
"give me 1 reason why tracey's wrong"
"Ferrofluid"
"YEEEAAHHHH!"
"How in the fuck do you ride this?"
"I'm pretty sure this is illegal..."
"A  &quot;legendary &quot; advertisement for North Dakota."
"What my childhood nightmares were made of"
"The worst accident I ever seen..."
"Easter Bunny - Jesus - Facehugger Special (xpost from wtf)"
"He told me to wrap up my pussy for him....."
"Oh yeah  that's the spot."
"Big Wigs stand in a section of spillway tubing  Hoover Dam  circa 1935 [1164x888]"
"During Hoover Dam construction."
"Stahp it Romney"
"Dilbert Does Reddit"
"In case you had missed this X factor episode"
"apply cold water to burned area"
"You lucky drunk bastard!"
"Why I insist on hanging my TP the &quot;wrong&quot; way."
"When ever somone says YOLO on Reddit I Think of This."
"Donald Duck rage [FIXED]"
"How I feel browsing reddit on without res installed"
"Area codes in which Ludacris claims to have hoes."
"Nice try good sir."
"Very Soon."
"The expression says it all"
"Just A Cool Pic Of A Cat Chasing A Mouse"
"Food Chain"
"Silhouette by Alexander Khokhlov"
"Who else would use one of these?"
"One way glass public toilet in London."
"Like a boss!"
"This guy is a modern time hero!"
"Sorry oGsMC  you're not the OG BossToss"
"I made a couch potato out of potato."
"College"
"Problem  placekicker?"
"This sign had a letter out."
"Where all the brothas go"
"This sign is missing a letter (x-post /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Life Goal"
"Was there an accident in the lab?Cuz i heard someone got burned."
"Labs; A Comparison"
"Labs:"
"Who cares about YOLO?"
"Excuse me  does your dog bite?"
"Where'd he go?"
"I like people who..."
"Okay open your eyes!"
"TIL Walruses are naturally shy and don't like people making a lot of fuss"
"Embarrassed walrus."
"Shy Walrus"
"Walrus' reaction after getting a birthday cake made out of fish"
"Oh Stop It You"
"Don't look at me!!!!"
"&quot;My country needs me.&quot;"
"Forget the Olympics  my planet needs me (repost from /r/pics)"
"Liftoff (x-post from r/pics &amp; r/perfecttiming)"
"Definition of WTF"
"Well  I really wish I could explain..."
"Just squeeze me already"
"I don't even...."
"Creamed filled WTF"
"Is it cumming? or I just  I don't know."
"is that semen? [NSFW]"
"I cant even...wut"
"New fear tactics for PC check websites"
"I was browsing okcupid today when I came across this."
"Ad gold. Best I've ever seen."
"Everyday after school  I'd make a point to talk to the janitor before I left. When I graduated  he gave the best gift I've ever gotten. &quot;This is for being my friend &quot; he said."
"Everyday after school  she'd make a point to talk to the janitor before she left. When she graduated  he gave the best gift she's ever gotten. &quot;This is for being my friend &quot; he said."
"My friends ask me why I'm atheist. I print them one of these."
"Can't touch this"
"kitty push-pop"
"LET ME OUT"
"Always relevant"
"I want to escape"
"Cats... Need I say more?"
"Can't touch this."
"Stay in there kitty"
"This would have made a much better movie"
"While everyone else plays Diablo III  Im going to be sleeping comfortably to the soundtrack to this beautiful game."
"Just beat Journey  I think this is the most movielike game I've ever played. (It felt like a really good pixar film  but no talking)"
"Who the hell designed this ride?"
"you...hi! [source?]"
"Whe... Where... did he go?"
"Deja Vu"
"Reposts  Reposts everywhere."
"I'm surprised how well this works"
"The Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"I already have my son's Halloween costume picked out for next year. Carl Fredricksen....."
"Still the best picture the world has ever produced."
"Rap Rap Rap"
"Found this one on my facebook feed.."
"The Milky Way  shot from the North Sea coast"
"Looking up from this small blue planet."
"The Milky Way  shot from the North Sea coast"
"There's a place in Ireland called  &quot;Heaven's Trail&quot; where every two years between June 10th-18th  the stars line up with this path perfectly."
"Women are Crazy"
"This is how I feel when my mom with four degrees tells me that the computer &quot;isn't working.&quot;"
"Late At Night"
"Every time I come across a Riddler trophy in Arkham City."
"I've been playing too much skyrim.. every time a shadow flies overhead.."
"R/Gonewild (SFW)"
"I haven't been able to find my glasses all day. This is how I feel."
"Getting dizzy while having a hard on"
"forever alone..."
"Anyone else wish they could have seen these guys during Order 66?"
"these guys are hard...as...play-doh..."
"Soon"
"What a nice little famil... Omg wtf is that  thank god for full size images..."
"When you haven't been laid in awhile  you start seeing it Everywhere!"
"Someone's ready for Halloween!"
"Googled &quot;cutest puppy in the world&quot;..yep."
"Thorgi"
"Carl Sherburne (Cell on Facebook) tells it like it is."
"You cant argue with Cell... he makes a good point.."
"I laughed way too hard at this..."
"This is the first four panel image I have enjoyed."
"I think we've all done this."
"IMDB Fail (x-post /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Spoiler alert"
"I immediately imagined this song playing..."
"Target Acquired."
"doberman dick biter"
"What they see..."
"So this happened in target"
"This fucking guy."
"zombies are better than us"
"These aren't my glasses"
"Casual"
"Street View..."
"Street View..."
"Meanwhile  at McDonald's in Virginia Beach"
"females hate getting fat."
"Shore drive Mcdonalds in VA beach"
"Well this turned out QUITE different"
"Close but not quite"
"How little did they know.."
"The actual story behind The Scream"
"Don't pick up white powder bags at nightclubs"
"Still one of the best racings[sic] games ever made IMO [FIXED]"
"The best 'old' Naughty Dog game out there."
"So this just appeared in my facebook feed..."
"Saw this in my facebook feed.... too far dude  too far!"
"Saw this in my facebook feed... too far dude  too far! (X-post from /r/WTF)"
"Posting this in my office today."
"Watch out noob  the internetz is coming!"
"I wonder who photoshopped this hahaha"
"how i felt watching my brothers get birthday presents when i was younger"
"VICTORY!"
"I see your Darth Vader condom  and raise you this..."
"Fake but funny!"
"Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr"
"Don't mess around with your brother (especially if you have a hook up list)"
"Girl rats out her sister  sister posts girl's 'hook-up' list to facebook while tagging all those on the list"
"The never ending birthday"
"The never ending Birthday."
"Spread that shit"
"The Panda is going down"
"needlework to make grandma proud"
"Y'all gon' make me act a fool  up in here  up in here."
"Ghosts think they're so clever."
"Every time I get on here drunk..."
"I still have nightmares 20 years later."
"This was the most frustrating part of my childhood. [Fixed]"
"How I feel about Battlefield 3 coming out tonight..."
"When I realized the gimmick to Bean's Quest."
"My reaction when hearing about free pancake day at IHOP tomorrow"
"Tomorrow is free pancake day at IHOP"
"And then  how I feel after making it into the top 100 on r/funny"
"I can't help but feel like this when OP on the front page replies to my comment.."
"How I feel getting my first 100+ comment karma"
"To myself when I win an argument with my SO"
"I just got a 40 hour/week job after job hunting and working 6 hours/week for the last year. This sums it up."
"I don't care if it was preseason... WE WON!"
"How I felt the first time one of my posts made it to the front page of a subreddit."
"Reddit's reaction when someone they obsess over does an AMA"
"What my wife thinks I do when she isn't around to kill spiders. She is pretty close...."
"How I felt after getting my 2000th link karma"
"Hitler's motive"
"After eating at a fancy restaurant..."
"Cave restaurant  Puglia  Italy."
"True Love"
"Just a young male and his bearded cuddle buddy."
"B-52 Stratofortress  over water. (x-post from r/pics)"
"B-52 Stratofortress"
"Pretty people in a fast boat [gif]"
"Wait for it!"
"This takes some perfect timing and just being in the right place at the right time."
"just a llama.. that's fucking surfing"
"4chan on making model helicopters."
"*cries*"
"Looks like an oil painting  doesn't it?"
"Stunning photo of Jupiter"
"playing imgur roulette and found this"
"This is whats on Nickelodeon now. I miss Legends of the Hidden Temple!"
"When one of my posts makes it to the frontpage"
"How it feels to post on Gonewild"
"Life Before Google: A Short Story"
"My favorite cartoon"
"Life before google"
"How I felt getting head for the first time in over a year (SFW)"
"How my excitement felt after watching the Skyrim:Dragonborn trailer"
"Classic Kelso"
"What hairy legs you have  Miley."
"So what  when I am drunk at the club..."
"Because fuck stairs"
"what the fuck is he thinking"
"This is a wasp."
"Wasps  they don't fuck around."
"Ran into this fucker this morning..."
"OCD desk"
"Obsessive Compulsive Humor (PIC)"
"A lot of Kayaks"
"I sincerely doubt that  Patrick."
"This is how i feel about wealthy Republicans complaining about taxes"
"cats'n'racks level: unreachable"
"Remember this guy?"
"Was I the only person terrified by this thing when I was a kid? (x-post from r/movies)"
"One of the scariest images from my childhood..."
"Peekaboo!"
"Peek a boo"
"A trail of puppies"
"No littering  please!"
"I feel dirty about this  but come one its puppies sleeping"
"found this though it belonged here."
"2Bach"
"No more sitting to pee ladies... [img]"
"Again  science comes through where nature has failed."
"FedEx"
"You are so not invited to my birthday party!"
"I see your Canadian Monopoly and raise you American Monopoly."
"Why we pirate music"
"Fearless"
"Peacock Flying"
"A flying peacock... you never see them this way."
"Illusions Michael!!"
"When I see a funny post with only a few upvotes"
"How i feel after looking at every NSFW and NSFL post"
"My reaction when my roommate's girlfriend makes us food"
"how i feel upvoting in r/gonewild"
"That other stuff scares me"
"how i feel about reddit lately"
"Aurora and the Milky Way."
"Aurora And The Milky Way."
"This pretty much sums up my feelings as I watched the game."
"Worlds Tallest Bikini Model"
"Got to my midterm classroom early. Turns out there was still a lecture going on."
"Whenever I join a TF2 server and kids are talking with their mics."
"Walking into a bathroom that someone recently pooped in"
"Everytime I Stumble Upon a Facebook &quot;Timeline&quot; Profile"
"When I enter an AskReddit or relationships thread only to find a teenager thinks they have a problem..."
"Stumbled on r/spiders while clicking random"
"So I walked into the IAMA hosted by a member of the Westbro Baptist Church..."
"When i walk in to a brothel and see my grandson at the front desk."
"The bathroom stalls were occupied at work. Yeap."
"Me walking in on my parents arguing."
"Walking into a Men's restroom with no urinals"
"Walked into class not knowing there was an exam. This is what happened."
"Accidentally walking in on my roommate and his &quot;guest&quot;..."
"Grampa Simpson is a good whistler!"
"Can anybody say....kickass?!"
"Tinkerbell... why. [GIF]"
"Now that's a ad that should work"
"How to make your business grow"
"Deep throating"
"Pussy snorkel! (x-from /r/wtf"
"every guy needs this....trust me"
"Pussy Snorkel!"
"LOL LOL LOL LOL"
"Disprove all of its claims  and religion still won't relent."
"Pretty much every Diablo 3 player right now..."
"a simple law of physics"
"If You eat Gas Station Food"
"Learned this shortly after entering the adult world"
"The Absolute Worst"
"Why do I always do this?"
"You had a bad time. Am I doing this right?"
"Spoiler?"
"accidentally going to /r/politics"
"Japan gets true love right [FIXED]"
"Japan gets true love right"
"Mitt Romney Gangnam Style"
"Romney Doctorin' the Tardis"
"NO  FUCK NO!"
"1954 - Miss Universe Beauty Pageant - Miss New Zealand faints under the hot sun of Long Beach  California. (Thought /OldSchoolCool might like it more than /pics did)"
"What's so funny?"
"This just popped up in my facebook newsfeed..."
"I set my W7 background to change every hour. I was vacantly staring off into the realms of my monitor when this appeared..."
"I'm in 'new' again... How I feel aimlessly throwing upvotes around."
"No more seats? No problem."
"Casey Jones"
"Ye.. Uh n.. Ah fuck"
"This is how I feel when people talk to me while I'm gaming."
"Canada may be America's hat  but . . ."
"America: Canada's Shorts"
"Disturbing realization dawning on cat."
"When your guy keeps putting more and more in the bag"
"How I feel trying to flirt"
"Socially Awkward Tarzan"
"Me Tarzan! You Jane!"
"Looks like Russell Brand is is taking his divorce from Katy Perry pretty well."
"Whats not to love?"
"For all you Americans voting tomorrow  there's only one right choice..."
"Fuck The Police (Horse with a taste for pork in Dublin  Ireland)"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Fuck the Police [NSFW]"
"That horse really likes that police officer"
"Dublin policemaan checks well-endowed horse:NSFW"
"F*** the police!"
"Horse tries to rape Pig."
"Horse Breeding. Your Doing it Wrong!"
"&quot;Just use the bloody tazer already!&quot;"
"Not sure if repost  just saw this gem of a picture on my fb feed."
"Fuck the police NSFW"
"John  shoot buttercup!! JUST SHOOT HIM"
"F*ck the police  Literally."
"This is how to truly fuck the police"
"Proof! Early redditors did not avoid the outside world."
"German soldier with a cat on his head while wearing a nightshirt  a helmet  boot  armed with a bayonet  and standing in front of a latrine."
"D Day."
"D-Day"
"It's all about point of view..."
"Look who I ran into while in Vegas!"
"Look who I ran into in Vegas!"
"Stopping to smell the flowers!"
"Nap Time"
"Nap Time"
"AWWW"
"Too soon?"
"Aaaaaaahhhhh....."
"SURPRISE!"
"how i feel supporting a comment thats been down voted to oblivion"
"Stop my baby!"
"You don't mess with frogs."
"You can even play with a friend!"
"Got some OC for you guys"
"delusion"
"When my parents ask me how i know so many things"
"I just found this insane picture of John Lennon snorting coke"
"the deer are even coming back to attack!"
"What if mocking religion with a ridiculous fake religion...Is how these ridiculous fake religions started"
"i love this."
"Your mom got a lot of positive reviews ;)"
"The Internet doesn't like retarded people."
"Seems about right..."
"Wtf internet. . ."
"Aaaand  there goes this site's credibility."
"No surprises here..."
"Faith in humanity: Restored."
"Why do they hate them so much?"
"'What does the internet think?' never fails to disappoint."
"On the Edge of the Earth"
"Pretty much my take on life"
"At first I was like &quot;awwww pic with Grandma.&quot; but then... YIKES."
"Procrastination!"
"I burned my finger and it kind of looks like a penis"
"When I found out all of my roommates are fervent Nickelback fans."
"How I feel after deciding to watch new episodes of The Simpsons"
"Installing reddit on my new iPhone."
"How I feel whenever I shave my beard"
"How I feel going to the bar with my girlfriend's friends."
"I let my 10 and 9 year old brothers borrow my iPod... a half hour later I hear &quot;mitchsorenstein  we're on reddit!&quot;"
"Thinking it would be funny to drink Four Lokos and watch Fraiser"
"When I get to the top of a roller coaster"
"After being in the sun for 8 hours on Saturday without wearing sunscreen."
"I bought my boyfriend a synthesizer for his birthday."
"I told my GF she acts a lot like her mother ..."
"After getting back with the Ex"
"I just went to my new girlfriend's apartment for the first time and saw a huge Justin Bieber poster"
"Whenever i don't see the &quot;Warning:Gore&quot; tag before clicking on a link"
"HARDCORE PARKOUR!"
"The change in his pocket just wasn't enough..."
"Fucking Magnets"
"After a night of too much drinking"
"Whenever i click on the &quot;random&quot; button."
"How am I supposed to kill these poor bastards??"
"Greggs way of advertising"
"Pingu"
"YOU WHAT ?!"
"Why so curious? [fixed]"
"Carpet Ninja"
"How I feel when I am discovered in Hide-and-Seek"
"Not a good idea."
"Wooohooo"
"Hurr Durr look at me!"
"If you lined up all my attempts to make the front page  they'd look like this"
"motofail"
"Motosadness"
"Improvisation at it's best..."
"Who needs an iPod when you have..."
"Don't worry  I got this!"
"Bee Cat Fail"
"Still my favorit pic!"
"House Cat! I CHOOSE YOU!"
"Wait...that's not a Pokemon."
"This Is why I'm afraid of the dentist  mom"
"Orthodontist please  you need braces"
"How I imagined my girlfriend felt after making the frontpage on a selfpost  and getting no karma."
"127 000 ft."
"OAG of the 90s"
"That cat has bad timing"
"accidental cat kick"
"How to Easily Settle a Domestic Dispute"
"Downvoting spiteful comments at a [7]"
"revolutionary technique to muffle the sound of your punches"
"NOT TODAY!!!"
"Why I pirate all my music and haven't bought a CD in a decade."
"You float on a throne of lies"
"Your foot and your hand are hardwired together."
"Challenge accepted! ....Shit."
"Walking to class in a black T-Shirt"
"Dave Grohl on being grounded"
"What keeps Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters so grounded?"
"Hank Hill just went super saiyan"
"bwaaaaaaah!"
"I love you."
"Ooh  give me a HUG!"
"I heard r/funny likes to party"
"Let the speedboat hit the ..."
"My wife asked who I would sleep with if I was still single"
"As an intern  when people ask who my boss is..."
"When my gf asked which one of her friends I'd fuck"
"How I feel when I run."
"Pretty picture of volcano eruption"
"A nearly extinct type of strawberry is now being marketed in Europe. It is white in color and has deep-set red seeds. It tastes like a pineapple... so they call it a Pineberry."
"Pineberries"
"A mesmerizingly beautiful Bismuth crystal."
"So I Google'd Nicolas Cage"
"Yo Mama's so fat..."
"I guess that's one way to advertise."
"Cats vs. Dogs"
"I joined reddit one year ago and there is a slice of pie next to my name  so here is my favorite gif ever."
"my boyfriends automatic laugh button"
"Good point Mr. Twain"
"My fried is visiting the Middle East. This is what he sent me. WTF"
"Even Pigeons Need Exercise"
"Innovative treadmill exercise--discovered by a pigeon"
"pigeon in training."
"I knew I wasn't the only one who enjoys going up the down escalator"
"Taking care of your baby."
"The sad truth about the American justice system."
"I Don't Give A Fuck!"
"I do not give..."
"How I Feel After Finding Out I Missed My First Cakeday..."
"When swag goes wrong"
"When Swag goes wrong (x-post from r/gifs)"
"I found my new favourite .gif last week. With every viewing you see something new and wonderful!"
"I found my new favourite .gif last week. With every viewing you see something new and wonderful!"
"What is boat?"
"Lean Back"
"How not to drive a boat"
"The Oxford Comma is important"
"Searched 'sexy Nicolas Cage.' Google didn't disappoint. - Imgur"
"When my friends and I walk into an all you can eat sushi restaurant  this is what the waiters must think..."
"How I feel checking Facebook during Halloween weekend."
"February 29"
"To all of you posting all the anti-Islam content today."
"Windows 8 ships in Late Oct."
"How i feel working at a movie theater this week."
"Oh boy here it comes..."
"How I have felt as a Floridian on FB over the past few days"
"Brace yourselves..."
"Its like clockwork (x imgoingtohell..)"
"Brace Yourselves.."
"Brace yourselves..."
"Sadly true."
"To sum things up..."
"RIP Michael Clark Duncan  Thanks for making me laugh and cry..."
"R.I.P. to one of the great actors of our time."
"Goodnight  Sweet Prince..."
"RIP Michael Clark Duncan"
"The nascent furball"
"This Reddit  is how you get girls to love you."
"Whenever i step on my dog by mistake..."
"How I feel when someone buys one of my blends on Adagio"
"What I imagine the guys that post to Craigslist's 'missed connections' are like."
"Attempting to bloodboil my fast AD carry."
"The border between Tijuana  Mexico and San Diego  CA"
"US-Mexico San Ysidro Tijuana Border"
"The U.S. - Mexico Border"
"US and Mexico Border"
"On the left is San Diego  located in the United States. On the right is the densely populated border town of Tijuana  located in Mexico. http://twistedsifter.com/2011/02/picture-of-the-day-the-us-mexico-border/"
"No  Mr. Noodle  your *hands*!"
"HIT IT!"
"Swag activated."
"If we gonna keep on with the reposts why not just start from the fucking beginning"
"My dance after i get more then 1o upvotes on a post"
"As requested"
"First gif I ever saw."
"Play that one Lil Wayne song again"
"Trippy"
"Happy to be coming home - even if it is sub-coach class on the flight."
"US servicemen en route to Afghanistan."
"So  this is what happened to my first reddit comment !!!"
"One of the most awesome .gif back in my youth."
"Shark Rider."
"Some kids just grow up differently"
"&quot;Hurry up son  or you'll miss your fish to school!&quot;"
"&quot;Move along....nothing to see here...&quot;"
"What'cha lookin' at?"
"Are you my mother?"
"Oprah uses an iPad to tweet her love for Microsoft's Surface"
"Oprah loves the SURFACE!!!"
"Seriously"
"Posted this on Imgur. I laughed"
"My favourite Armstrong"
"My absolute favorite toy as a kid. Still wish they made these."
"Look what I found in box at the dump for free never used gift from my brother in Iraq."
"Clearest lake in the world."
"Bertrand Russell - Fools and Fanatics"
"Family Guy Changes of Character 1999-200"
"Guess it might be a little sour?"
"So is it good or.....?"
"I think my milk is bad."
"Rare artifact from the 16th century"
"I think it might be expired"
"First attempt at astrophotography with Saturn."
"This is what the inside of my fridge looks like most of the time"
"Just a little gif man dancing freestyle to &quot;Electric Avenue&quot;"
"A friend of mine is Christian  and knows that I am Atheist. He says this to me every time I sneeze."
"My friend and I are working on a game  does /gaming approve?"
"Bothered me as a child."
"Anyone remember this great 80s album?"
"&quot;There's something about this that's so black  it's like how much more black could this be? And the answer is none. None more black.&quot;"
"ASCII Dancer"
"The Tortoise and the Cat"
"Troll Level 99"
"Not a single fuck was given..."
"When a website tells me &quot;your password is too easy to guess&quot;"
"SHITSHITSHITSH-- Oh. Alright then."
"WHY!?"
"That Fucking Smirk"
"50 shades of gay"
"Prior to the 2012 NFL season..."
"Saw this on Facebook and had a good chuckle."
"I think this is my new favourite picture on the internet."
"Who else is getting flipped off?"
"Bitch  I aint even celebrate this shit"
"What I like most is the comment &quot;ectoplasmgasm&quot;"
"Overly attached.... wait  that's a boy."
"He has some teeth problems... [pic]"
"She should see a dentist [NSFL]"
"I don't know what to say.."
"Parasite in Frogs Eye"
"When your Ex starts a new relationship before you"
"My cat is like this at feeding time too"
"so comfy"
"If I fits  I sits"
"Hearing a group of people in my class talking about how awesome 9gag is"
"My friend said he liked the Tim Burton Batman better than than TDK trilogy.."
"When I see a friend make a terrible post and get downvoted into oblivion"
"James May is an expert in the field of firearms..."
"Scarlett Johanson...holy shit [NSFW]"
"ScarJo"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"This elevator is a jerk."
"Vegan?"
"Catnip Not...Even...Once"
"Me  every time someone starts talking about computers in a movie."
"What I am thinking when a religious conversation comes up."
"Dear 15 year olds on reddit:"
"[NSFW]His chest says it all."
"Sparks at night"
"When I go to /new in a bad mood"
"Cowboy shooting spree"
"A month late  but I found out what my brother's Halloween costume was..."
"This guy's onto something."
"...I don't know how to react to this."
"Chicken Nuggets  omnonmonomnom."
"Chicken Nuggets  omnonmonomnom"
"Chicken Nuggets"
"Religious Bale (x-post from r/batman)"
"The Dark Knight Converts"
"Just stretching"
"Ninja escape."
"The state of Dark Souls PVP:"
"Nice moves bro.."
"I bet this guy plays either Monster Hunter or Dark Souls"
"Saw this guy walking in the beach  still not sure if the coolest thing ever or just plain wrong..."
"Saw this surfer walking in the beach  I guess he is still adapting to parenthood"
"Saw this guy at the beach yesterday  I guess he's still figuring out this fatherhood thing"
"All aboard the Hitler karma train!"
"Accidentally combining these still is the best mistake I ever made."
"How I feel when I have writer's block when starting my essay 12 hours before it's due."
"The Abimor"
"How I introduce my cats to my friends"
"Rage comics these days"
"Not this guy"
"we've all had a friend like this."
"Perfect Description"
"And nobody even remembers opera anymore..."
"And there we go."
"I think I'll pass on the Veggie Dogs"
"Ubisoft's Press Conference"
"Just some concerned juniors ensuring seniors had a bath before the snap."
":P"
"Sprockets"
"My friends took me to a club for my bachelor party last Friday night..."
"I'd walk this shit out of this dog."
"Time for a walk?"
"Tornado tracks"
"People on r/aww"
"Now all of this fits in your pocket"
"Bitch I'm a cat."
"I was hoping he'd flush."
"Probably the classiest joke ever told.."
"Must've been a pretty good joke..."
"You don't have to hear the joke to know it was the classiest one ever told"
"Classiest background I have"
"Michael Caine  Morgan Freeman and Liam Neeson having a drink together"
"The original badass poncho."
"Obama dancing on a pizza. You read that right."
"Pretty Prez Rock"
"Don't hate Obama cause he's beautiful"
"Favorite GIF of 2012. Happy New Year!"
"Skullduggery....(hy dob)"
"probably the best self-pic i have seen (SFW)"
"Dat Ass (maybe NSFW?)"
"herder vs hurr durr"
"What's the difference?"
"sundrop soda girl takes a tumble"
"Are we still doing the Paula Dean/Katey Perry thing?"
"Warning: Cannot be unseen"
"yoga."
"Reasons why superheroes aren't online more often"
"Why Heroes Don't Use The Internet"
"True Heroes."
"How a Real Man Does It"
"Do I give this book to my cat or my girlfriend?"
"I wouldn't wanna meet this guy"
"Seems about right."
"This is how I react every time I come to the realization of a novelty account."
"Just got my first 100andsomemore karma. This is how I feel."
"At least my chemistry teacher has a sense its humor!"
"Even the Chemistry Teacher Loves Her[xpost r/funny]"
"Fuck off  Jesus."
"&quot;This was found beside a river in China &quot; says photographer Yu Wu. &quot;The small ant is biting the branch and holding the 'big' rock up in the air.&quot;"
"Can you hear me now?"
"Can anyone tell me what is it from?"
"Hula hoop"
"Laughing owl"
"Just a yawning owl."
"get out the way"
"Kjerag mountains in Norway."
"When I think I make a good post."
"This always makes me laugh"
"Funky boris."
"a lemon party in your mouth"
"lemonade"
"lemonade... a party in your mouth"
"Jackass bear"
"Welcome to Russia. Where the bears burn cars  and the cars will run you over"
"Only in russia"
"Not much  just chillin...u?"
"Still makes me laugh every time"
"This was one of the best shows ever"
"C'mon Jeffy  make daddy proud"
"How we really found Bin Laden."
"Just a couple business men. Nothing to see here  move along folks."
"An acrobatic feat!!! (NSFW)"
"How I entered"
"Awesome gymnastic skills"
"Hurricanes and Tropical Storms - Locations and Intensities since 1851"
"You just never get over it."
"Whenever I'm driving and someone flashes their lights to warn me there is a cop."
"How I feel when I see someone driving the same car as me..."
"whenever my 2 year old son gets his toy tools to help me fix something."
"Wish I could pull this look off."
"The moment every trainer lives for [FIXED]"
"Hey  lets go to the beach. It'll be fun."
"A filament of solar material that had been hovering in the sun's atmosphere  the corona  erupts into space Aug. 31. The coronal mass ejection  or CME  traveled at over 900 miles per second."
"A high velocity fish-by-falcon abduction"
"Glass frog [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Holy shit people!!!"
"I can't stop looking."
"Beep beep comin through"
"How it feels when I show up to my class to find is canceled  and no one told me."
"Last year  the entire staff of my middle school dressed up as the characters from Harry Potter. This year  they dressed up as the characters from Star Wars!"
"I have felt the same way so many times..."
"Stalking kittens"
"If we go slow  we will catch the red dot"
"So cute I can't even stand it"
"Rabbiwt's Fwiend"
"&quot;Meh  what's the harm!?&quot;"
"Didn't even realize that and I've seen that movie so many times"
"My first inception moment"
"Go home pole  you are drunk."
"You only had one job!! Unbelievable."
"Hey r/funny  I think this post may be in the wrong place."
"Don't mind me  I'm just a pole."
"Road planning fail (In Quebec)"
"Only in Canada."
"Only in Canada."
"Rolling hills and a beautiful church"
"How I feel after typing a 10 word reply  and double checking my grammar for mistakes"
"I have a friend who wears those shirts ALL THE TIME!"
"Every time my ex tries to talk to me.."
"How we feel in Florida"
"I speak for most Floridians."
"Hurricane Isaac really hit my town hard. The damage was devastating."
"A British Hurricane"
"Remember that time the UK had a hurricane..."
"Sandy is really wreaking havoc over here in Indiana!"
"Aftermath here of the &quot;hurricane winds&quot;"
"The aftermath of &quot;Hurricane&quot; Sandy"
"Say hello to his little friend"
"woke up and all my links were still purple"
"GRYFFINDOR!!!!"
"Fuck Yeahr"
"I like gryffindor."
"Damn it feels good to be a Lannister"
"What's HOT with Gingers!"
"A few tips for budding writers out there."
"How I feel when it's Pay Day."
"The Deadly Sins by Kris Kuksi"
"How can I get a job like this?"
"Zombie girl body paint"
"Random Imgur: That's one way to get training with explosives."
"Meanwhile in Korea... Found this on r/wtf"
"As the ad's body copy says  these pants are &quot;for men only…real men…the three fisted variety.&quot;"
"It's the scarf that scares me."
"The next Bond villan"
"Breaking News"
"I'm Going With Him"
"Good Guy Tallahassee!!!"
"Hitchens nails it  as usual."
"Making it to the front page by using a small Subreddit"
"Your day is now better."
"Powerful Sperm"
"No Questions Asked"
"It takes a few seconds to get it..."
"The tequila robot"
"The key to understanding the opposite sex"
"Walters Laboratory"
"Focused."
"Thank you for telling me that...."
"This is why you dont give your number to strangers!"
"How I feel after exams"
"Found this on Facebook asking for likes. Is it real?"
"The great battle of 8:30 lecture"
"Dark Knight"
"Friend sent this to me  thought it was worth posting."
"He just wanted to party"
"Yeah  looking to party. ."
"Okay...I'll try them on..."
"Dem Shades"
"Wearing my mom's sunglasses as a kid"
"Fabulous!"
"This puppy is a master of disguise!!!!"
"It's a dog  I promise!"
"So my manager asked me to whip up something &quot;awesome&quot; for the special board... [x-post from r/pokemon]"
"My dad is in the Military. He just sent me this with the headline &quot;Official North Korean State Video of Rocket Launch&quot;"
"Super secret North Korean missile footage"
"First day of class and my professor gives out this assignment..Guess I'm gonna do fine this semester"
"Joined a mass communications course at my university and received this for homework..."
"So apparently my friend just got this assignment"
"this is why 4chan hates us."
"Best assignment ever."
"College assignment"
"One of the greatest questions of modern time. [FB]"
"How I feel after finally beating Ghetsis Hydreigon after battling it for 15 minutes straight  then realizing he has three pokemon left"
"As a Central Floridian I have a message for the rest of the east coast."
"Welcome back r/WTF [NSFW]"
"I know there's a lot going on here but what's with the jesus poster??"
"Even Creepier Than His New &quot;Boyfriend&quot; Song.."
"So fluffy!"
"Cuteness galore"
"Happy baby llama"
"How hidden airbenders can really mess with people"
"I just love this pic"
"Being atheist in a small town in Alabama."
"Is this some sort of trick question?"
"I need to stay on Reddit  but the power is out  phone is at 5% battery...."
"Give this man a medal"
"Here you go!!"
"The Launch"
"It's a beautiful day"
"Now it's my turn."
"Do you think it's funny?"
"And stay down!"
"And stay down! [Fixed]"
"When I only study for fifteen minutes and think I’ll do fine on an important test"
"Really mustache you..."
"Jim Carrey x Black Swan"
"For science!"
"just a trainer and her sea lion"
"uh."
"I don't even know what to title this..."
"Shamu"
"Found This Saved in my Computer - What the hell is it?"
"'Merica"
"How did I miss this?"
"I cannot stop laughing..."
"Yay for dolphins! [NSFW]"
"Yay! About to hit 1 000 000 views!"
"Here is an album of things with faces. For no reason at all."
"No horses  or something like that. Who the fuck carries dictionary in the woods anyways."
"Forest rules in Finland [x-post from r/Suomi]"
"When you take pictures of your self in the mirror  this is what you look like."
"I'll just leave this here..."
"If this isn't WTF worthy  I don't know what is."
"But Are You Experienced?"
"Have You Ever Been Experienced?"
"How I feel ever since I graduated from college..."
"There  Fixed That For You"
"When I check my bank account after the weekend"
"So true."
"The difference ten years can make"
"So true. I am my own DJ."
"How I inspect/appreciate my lawn after cutting it"
"There is a definite lack of Puffins on reddit"
"Happy Birthday  MLK!!"
"Is this what they mean by 'ethnic cleansing'?"
"That's not right."
"I have a dream  that one day  my four little children will be clean..."
"The most inspirational shower accesory - Martin Loofah King"
"Is it worth it?"
"Erry day ..."
"Lack of puffins on Reddit you say?"
"My summer vacation so far."
"I feel it"
"That moment when you open the Doritos bag..."
"When you get that one really good massage"
"Beer Philosophy"
"Beer makes you smarter..."
"You guys have cool teachers."
"Kill it!"
"Compliments to the chef."
"Oh stop it  you"
"As a consistent restaurant go-er  I wish this was true."
"Call me Taken."
"This showed up on the fb today."
"Killing Nazis."
"Playing with my Call of duty with my grandpa."
"The Athenians were in absolutely no mood for his methods a second time."
"Oh you silly replacement refs."
"NFL replacement refs have no idea what they're doing (GIF)"
"At least the players know how to signal a touchback."
"R.I.P. replacement referees"
"One Play. Two Calls"
"Doesn't matter whose fan you are. This is ridiculous."
"Touchception"
"Certainty."
"man on statue"
"How to be Awesome!"
"Moses vs Jesus"
"Dammit  Moses!"
"Moses you prick"
"Whenever my boyfriend cooks my favorite food..."
"How long since these cats have been posted?"
"It's go time"
"Role Reversal"
"Necessary faceswap."
"No  Cookie Monster  you don't"
"I don't always eat cookies"
"My reaction to Raw 1000 so far."
"When people say the Seahawks only win against &quot;Bad&quot; teams"
"Greatest photobomb ever."
"I haz drapes"
"maybe old.... but true"
"i wish my cat was this cool"
"Ever wondered what The Kings do in their School of Impersonation while you're away?[X-post]"
"Copy Cat"
"every time I see a post about how much karma someone got."
"Anonymeows is Legion"
"Look at its eyes."
"What it felt like immediately after leaving my new lady friends house after two days together."
"i'm a whore"
"Downvoting links on the front page does not work"
"Went to the Vet's Office Today. This is How We Were Greeted."
"Stay on target"
"Hannick Montana"
"How I feel walking around my new job with a coffee cup."
"Zombie proof &amp; flood proof"
"Pictures like this on Facebook destroy my faith in humanity"
"Late for class"
"well played"
"Late...I don't think so."
"I'll be trying this almost daily"
"What a badass"
"fuck gravity."
"Burglars are getting smarter"
"Haven't posted in awhile and found this funny"
"Friends are mostly stupid"
"See coworker enter bathroom..."
"Roommate trimming pubes"
"Sorry"
"I do this shit all the time  I'm sure you do it too"
"Awkward Cell Phone"
"When I discovered r/NSFW"
"How I feel  as an undergrad  receiving the job offer I wanted!"
"How it feels to finish exams .."
"Carlton Banks loves The Ghost Inside- it's crazy how in time this is"
"How I feel hitting 100 karma on one link for the first time"
"My first Link"
"Discovered today that reddit isn't blocked by the filter at school"
"I feel getting to the front page of r/funny and r/skyrim in one day."
"What the fuck does that mean?"
"My Mind Is Full Of Fuck"
"A tender moment"
"Just some celebrating of a goal.... wait what?"
"Why I don't watch soccer - Imgur"
"Facial illusion"
"Faces [pic]"
"I think we have a winner"
"Is there an updated version of &quot;Large videgame worlds&quot; picture?"
"Up Up and Awaaaay.....D'Oh!!"
"Come at me bro!"
"A good old fashioned kitten v rhino face-off."
"Beauty and the Beast"
"Like mother like daughter"
"He never stops spinning"
"White Weasel"
"This my friends is a baby weasel."
"I didn't choose the thug life..."
"Dafuq?"
"Perfect Timing"
"Lego Stephen Hawking"
"Most wtf gif you will see today [nsfw]"
"Found this in my .gif folder from 4chan. [NSFW]"
"Sick fuck"
"Well what the god damn fuck?"
"a normal day [NSFW]"
"Balaa sink hole"
"Apple Samsung"
"The most talked about apple employee."
"I bet you Apple likes to sue this employee just for fun"
"So Apple have an unexpected new employee"
"The irony"
"Awkward Business card for an Apple Specialist."
"Meet Sam Sung  your Apple Specialist."
"Samsung has a Spy working for Apple"
"Well isn't this ironic"
"Apple Specialist Sam Sung"
"The Most Unpopular Apple Employee in the World"
"Oh my Apple Specialist has very ironic name...."
"Just another Apple Store employee"
"A pretty desktop wallpaper."
"My thoughts during algebra class."
"This Was Taken at a Rave I went to Friday Night"
"Aren't humans awesome (sometimes)"
"Chicago City Lights"
"Chicago"
"Sup"
"Oh. Hey Chris Bosh?"
"videobombing 101"
"My new favorite interview-bomb."
"B O S H C E P T I O N"
"Photo Bomb Level = Chris Bosh"
"Only the Starcraft WCS logo on a big white ball"
"Ericsson Globe  Stockholm WCS Starcraft finals."
"WCS Europe Finals"
"albino gorilla"
"just Jesus cleaning his balls"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus"
"You said it  man. Nobody fucks with the Jesus."
"When I dry my balls [SFW]"
"Don't fuck with the Jesus"
"Breaking Bad  ages 5 and up"
"Walter White: Magnetic Personality"
"TIL: why mosquito bites itch"
"Satan at his best"
"Was going to FaceSwap  but couldn't decide..."
"Every time I see Usain Bolt race  I can't help but imagine this"
"The Internet."
"The Internet summed up."
"Hurricane Sandy you guys. Seriously."
"I got this"
"I can show you world! Whoops. Sry."
"Fuuu...sion..."
"The solution to being forever alone"
"What is this oh my god dear lord no!"
"Redneck water skiing"
"Red-neck me right round"
"Nope."
"Zero fucks were given."
"Me walking around my room after a spider gets away from me."
"me after wathing a horror movie"
"Someones really going after those monopoly prizes."
"God made me special..."
"Sitting on the couch with my laptop...then this happened"
"Y'know...just to make sure"
"&quot;You May Get Wet.&quot;"
"As a graduate student on campus today  this is how I feel."
"Intriguing..."
"How did the hipster burn his tongue?"
"Like I give a fuck"
"Not a single fuck..."
"Not a single fuck is given"
"Wub wub wub"
"This shouldn't be so damn funny!"
"I'll let it slide because he's young"
"best friends forever"
"Picture from 1986"
"Oh  Calvin..."
"This made me laugh... (x-post from r/Funny)"
"calvin gets it right"
"Call a lawyer..."
"Good Ol' Calvin and Hobbes"
"So... Found this while searching &quot;I'm sciencing as fast as I can.&quot;"
"Buy an Iphone 5  they said ..."
"How i feel when my very first post makes it to the front page."
"Say what you will about NC  but it's got one efficient law enforcement!"
"Can't....stop....watching...."
"Fall mixed with Halloween."
"Baffled Boxer's sudden realization"
"What!...Did you say??"
"....omg omg OMG OMG OMG!!!!"
"I'm sure her name is Britney Jones or something like that..."
"This popped up on my Facebook! I wonder I'd he gets any offers?"
"Best license plate EVAR [FIXED]"
"UFO kitteh"
"Good doggie!"
"This is how I feel when I wake up too."
"After a long night of drinking"
"Receiving scores for midterms...."
"Attention: vegetarians who play the Harry Potter video game while stoned at Burning Man are wholly and completely fucked."
"Do not turn into a werewolf or you will go to hell"
"Apparently  Satan is a Levitating postmodern vegetarian."
"As soon as I see carpet when I get home from work"
"Elementary school rage"
"Got trolled pretty hard that day"
"Trolled Hard"
"Whenever an idiot gives an idea in a group activity"
"When I can't remember if I cleared my browser history while my gf is using my laptop"
"My son playing in every sandbox"
"To put things into perspective..."
"The People of Reddit in one picture"
"The worst thing to see when you have a project due the next day."
"Women's Logic [FIXED]"
"I think youtube is trying to tell me something...."
"Thank you science"
"Scientists grow bacon from stem cells"
"I fucking love science!"
"Cyclopia kitten (the one from Snopes)"
"There's only one way to beat Islam..."
"Searched &quot;bacon people&quot; - got more than i bargained for.."
"So I googled &quot;The thing about bacon&quot;..."
"Searched &quot;bacon people&quot; - got more than i bargained for."
"surely not.."
"Just putting my cellphone in the microwave"
"no wonder you couldn't kill old nokia phones  they were possessed."
"Demons live inside your cell phone."
"I for some reason want some."
"You get an A for awesome"
"Kid's got a point there"
"Wut."
"She had to expect this to end up on the internet."
"The hero Gotham deserves"
"The Hero Gotham deserves"
"the caped crusader"
"Gotham Needs Me."
"Guesh wut"
"After our trip to Disneyworld last week this sums up how I felt visiting the parks"
"Ten years old today!"
"Halo 4 has a mech now"
"Goliath Online"
"When I saw this I just KNEW I had to post this."
"Robert Meowney Jr. [x-post from r/wtf]"
"Robert Downey Kitty"
"Robert Meowny Jr."
"nice haircut....... wait  WHAT?"
"Soooo... This is a real hairstyle"
"The most amazing Halloween costume ever"
"How I feel taking the last soda in the fridge at work"
"What a beautiful world we live in."
"Getting to know gay guys on the internet [gif x-posted from r/gifs]"
"Upon finding out my new boyfriend doesn't know what Reddit is  doesn't like cats  and is clueless about memes:"
"The truth behind the Mars rover"
"What's REALLY happening on Mar's Surface..."
"What's REALLY happening on Mars Surface..."
"Well Hello There."
"nice rose"
"Your Future Boss"
"What a view"
"Hipster cat"
"When I see something funny"
"How to survive the zombie apocalypse"
"How to Survive a Zombie Apocalypse"
"I think your diapers full..."
"You know how I do!"
"Secret Agent's Calvin and Hobbes"
"This is my favorite GIF on the internet."
"Birthday ruined!"
"Sweet! Awesome I'm almost there! Just a little more... FUCK!"
"Freedooooohshit!"
"Freedoooohshit!"
"Whenever a girl walks into a frat party..."
"Living on an all guy floor and seeing a girl walk by."
"If Dr. Seuss had been a bit less subtle"
"Secret's in the Seuss"
"Unimpressed McKayla at the Dodger game"
"Can the Dodgers impress her?"
"Told her I was a dodger fan too. She wasn't very impressed."
"Trying to comprehend the fact that I have 363 days until another cakeday opportunity."
"Theology Professor put this in powerpoint today in class.. whatcha guys think?"
"Psychological fact #58..."
"Well Thats Nice To Know"
"One of my Steam friends sent me this at almost 1 AM."
"This. This actually made me laugh...."
"Googled &quot;Dafuq did I just see&quot;  was not disappointed."
"Utterly Sexy? (potential nsfw)"
"You like cows?"
"High five !"
"The Average Cat [fixed]"
"Reddit summarized"
"Hello Kitty!"
"Nazi &quot;nudge&quot; election ballot from 1938: &quot;Do you agree with the reunification of Austria with the German Reich...and do you vote for the party of our leader; Adolf Hitler? YES -- no&quot;"
"Realistic Smurf  creepy as FU%#!"
"I think Canadians are now vandalising playgrounds."
"I think Canadians are now vandalising my local playground"
"Private Hideaway (Smoo Cave  Scotland)"
"Apparently I've been here a year. So to celebrate  here's my favourite photo from the past 12 months."
"Cyborg Tattoo..."
"Clear Blue Sky"
"The picture keeps me studying for midterms."
"Exam in the morning so I Googled &quot;motivation to study&quot;. This was sufficient"
"How my science teacher acts whenever she finds something she hasn't seen before"
"Dam I miss this guy"
"I'm not sure  but I think this guy planted a lot of doubt seeds in youngsters."
"Stand Back"
"Speaking of which  I miss watching these."
"Bill Nye"
"&quot;There's science in this shit&quot;- Bill Nye"
"Rotating bedroom"
"Al Capone! [1600 x 1200]"
"Pure anarchy"
"Only a Redditor's reaction."
"This guy is enjoying his day off from the Hurricane."
"Guess he is trotting through the storm."
"Trotting through the hurricane. (X-Post from /wtf)"
"Hurricane? NICE."
"A horse braving the storm..."
"Congratulations."
"eat it."
"Happy Birthday Bitch!"
"Worst. Cakeday. Evar."
"Happy Birthday BITCH"
"What you deserve if you ever use the phrase &quot;IRL Cake Day&quot;"
"Happy birthday!"
"Happy birthday!"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"Oh shit..Oh shit"
"All the job interviews lately..."
"This is life"
"F*ck the Police!"
"Jumping spider using its pedipalps as &quot;windshield wipers&quot;"
"Spider dougie"
"Mini Chewbacca!"
"Words of Wisdom that actually says a thing"
"Apparently Russians enjoy their ice cream a bit differently than we do."
"Can I come home with you?"
"Ladies and gentleman: The snub-nosed monkey!"
"Cutest monkey in the world  looks like a cross between a chinchilla and a monkey."
"Childhood mayhem"
"Minecraft 1.8"
"The only proper way to see Inception"
"This is starting to get regoddamndiculous"
"God damn allergies."
"The one day I was actually enjoying the weather here in Miami"
"Friend left up Reddit  here's a kitten in a sweater!"
"Like a mouse boss [GIF]"
"Death? Not today."
"Just pumping some iron."
"humpty dumpty down on the grass"
"Evil or not evil?"
"The Touch."
"Fly! Fly!"
"88 MILES PER HOUR!"
"Screw your Tardis"
"Mach 5"
"The metal version was always better"
"Cycling home while listening to Through the fire and the flames."
"puppy see  puppy do"
"Whenever someone downvotes me..."
"Have you seen the new police brutality video?"
"Someone explain to me how this works?! (faux 3D gif)"
"Just a monster"
"Found this in a thread...I knew where it needed to go."
"Art comes to life."
"Trippy"
"My favorite Calvin and Hobbes picture"
"This was published by the Chicago Tribune."
"Mount for bayonet? I guess i had been doing it wrong"
"A bright side to the hurricane"
"it is getting windy in NY"
"It sure is windy outside"
"My dad never fails to surprise me..."
"They see us rolling"
"So i finally got around to the whole &quot;imgurroulette&quot; thing"
"The Internet Justice League"
"Internet justice league"
"this seems accurate"
"Thought this was pretty accurate"
"The Internet Justice League"
"Internet superheroes unite!"
"Can you see spain?"
"When I turned 7 I asked for a barbie. When My sister turned 7 she asked for this..."
"last picture we ever took of our dog"
"last picture we ever took of the dog"
"Mom takes a load to the face  kid sees it on facebook."
"When I see my friends out at a party"
"At least it has a nice view."
"Get your shit together cookie monster"
"So that's how it all started..."
"When does the gnarwhal bacon? ... NEVER"
"When does the... Oh shit."
"When does the... Oh"
"Poor little derpy derp"
"Sorry aww  but this look way to funny"
"This puppy was bitten by a snake....it may be cuter now than before."
"Hunter S. Thompson  Johnny Depp and John Cusack with a blow-up doll."
"Anyone else in love with these things?"
"Whenever I See A Misleading Title On Reddit."
"Don't say I didn't warn you."
"Seeing a lot of this regarding DOOMBA"
"LOOK AT THIS !!!!!!!!!"
"I stumbled upon this evil prank on instagram"
"Dat Ass!"
"Caption This"
"Can teddy come too?"
"&quot;Can I keeps it?&quot;"
"How I handle the responses in the first few hours of my post"
"Anytime someone comments on a post of mine"
"The bible says..."
"Bob Marley CD collection"
"CD Mosaic"
"Saw this and thought it belonged here  i present  Bob Marley (xpost from r/pics)"
"Bob Marley CD Collection"
"So that's what Arthur meant..."
"Just a random imgur shart [NSFW]"
"There seems to be something wrong with her skirt!"
"Dolphins vs. Women"
"Dolphins vs Women [x-post from r/4chan]"
"How most of my posts go"
"Split"
"HaHa"
"I did this so much in San Andreas (X-post /r/Pics)"
"What really gave Luke the courage to destroy the Death Star"
"Luke celebrates a big win"
"Falcon Punch..?"
"What really happened when you explained memes to your mom."
"what ever happened to this guy?"
"The response I get whenever I ask my redditor friends if they remember Nate Dern"
"My response to all these rapists on the front page recently."
"He may not be Bill Nye or an actual scientist for that matter  but this guy planted the seed to question everything at a young age. Zaloom!"
"WTF is this shit?"
"Gets me every time"
"Wtf is this shit?"
"my favorite picture on the internet"
"For my cakeday  my second favorite repost"
"My efforts are futile."
"Trying to Downvote Cats?!"
"Trying to Downvote Cats {Fixed}"
"Wine glass breaks"
"When everyone brings their own bud to a sesh.."
"im bored of these &quot;i forgot my cake day stuff so here is someone that remembers and how i feel"
"Just a picture of the human iris."
"actual WTF"
"You know what would be great? If they did mammograms on dicks. Right? [NSFW]"
"Let me just borrow your flower press for a minute. [nsfw - nsfl]"
"Prepare to die"
"when everyone laughs at a joke you don't get"
"Pure Fear."
"Cartoon logic..."
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"Think about it..."
"Best Revenge Ever. [x-post from /r/facepalm]"
"Gangsta nap"
"Springtime is Here!!! [Fixed]"
"I'm turning green!"
"I see your Australian Monopoly and raise you Scottish Monopoly"
"Tricky Tricky"
"Goal!!!"
"Ahh  Glasshoppah  you have much to rearn."
"Happy fox!"
"An extremely content Tibetan Fox."
"Stoned Fox"
"first thing that popped up when I looked up a gif relating to the words &quot;sure  why not?&quot;"
"Typed in &quot;sure  why not? gifs&quot; on google images and this was the first result. Everyone has their own way of expression I guess...some stranger than others."
"Reddit circa 1960"
"Reddit casting call."
"Blame Hurricane..."
"This takes a certain special kind of stupid"
"Oh Salad"
"Realizing I have no milk for my cereal."
"Mwhuhaha"
"World tallest dog."
"Get a few on... Then try to get more in and noooo... I blew the others off!!! Oh memories!!"
"1980s Gaming [Fixed]"
"Its a cat"
"Apple"
"Who Apple is going to sue next."
"Harold Whittles hears for the first time ever after a doctor places an earpiece in his left ear."
"Run dude  RUUUUN!"
"So  Earth just got back from the doctor."
"Two people  one pair of nipples."
"Confusing nipples"
"WHO NEEDS A GIRLFRIEND..."
"NOT SURE IF GUSTA..."
"Redditor problems"
"Reddit must be full of smart girls."
"My response whenever a theist asks me: &quot;What if you're wrong?&quot;"
"The one quote I use to explain my agnostic / atheist beliefs..."
"This  is how you appeal to Non-Atheists"
"As a Christian this is how I feel and I thought you guys would like this too."
"Take a page from Aurelius and stop worrying about others' views on religion"
"If there are gods  but unjust  then you should not want to worship them."
"This popped up in my newsfeed."
"Tough Choice"
"This is how they intended the show to be"
"It happens to the best of us"
"Dancing at a party"
"Optimus Pint"
"Meanwhile  in Saudi Arabia..."
"Batman comes out tonight at midnight...are you THIS excited?"
"Lambatman"
"I found your ball."
"Perspective"
"This shouldn't make me laugh this hard"
"Words cannot describe"
"I wonder if Luke Skywalker ever tried..."
"I'll take 30"
"the epitome of a thug"
"Never gets old."
"How I feel when someone is watching me type."
"My car was crushed by a falling tree. A couple of years later my daughter was given a book about extreme weather  in which she found a photo of my car."
"Sleepy twitches."
"Kitten with bubbles"
"The cutest kind of curiosity."
"MindFuck"
"Facts"
"Oh rappers  you and your ethics."
"One of those pictures where you wonder if there's a subreddit more appropriate for this than r/wtf"
"W... Why the fuck does this exist?! [NSFW]"
"The balls.... (SFW)"
"How to Break Up with Someone"
"Yeah no big deal"
"Like a BOSS"
"Good Catch [FIXED]"
"This meme needs more attention"
"Dude  you're a Koala"
"10 guy on koalas"
"Some people learn everything the hard way."
"I guess it fits better here..."
"nice guy...."
"The whole world isn't full of dishonest people"
"Bunkbed Wizard"
"I'm not quite sure what this is"
"Injury+Insult"
"Me at the end of Movember"
"Every time I bring up politics/religion when drinking with friends."
"How I feel after switching to Timeline on facebook."
"Every Time I Go To A Midnight Game Release"
"The moment I sat down on the toilet without my iPhone..."
"Every time I get a haircut"
"How I always feel after messaging my crush on facebook...."
"How I always feel after messaging my crush on facebook...."
"how i feel when I start an argument with my girlfriend"
"I tried to loft my bed myself today"
"how I feel switching to iOS 6 and getting rid of my jailbreak (x-post r/jailbreak)"
"telling your girlfriend of three months that last year you fucked your best female friend"
"Arrest that pot smoker!"
"Take em' away"
"DoG laughing Babay......"
"My mom's reaction everytime I come home late.."
"FIRE! Dance?"
"ima just leave this here.. and go self destruct"
"Derp"
"For me? You shouldn't have!"
"Otters are awesome!"
"Gengar  you dick!"
"MLK Day"
"Dreams Gone"
"Scumbag Level"
"Gentlemen  please"
"Cute chain reaction."
"ACTIVATE PUPPEHS!"
"Makes you wonder"
"[XKCD] It's happened to the best of us..."
"Drawing a star. (xpost from pics)"
"Here you go little fella...uh oh."
"so sadly"
"hug?"
"Free Hugs!"
"Every time I come across a 'when you see it' image."
"When you see him..."
"Quite."
"Quite."
"Hey there grape"
"QUITE."
"When you see it..."
"Dragon Mom Corner: Veg Moms Cheken Moms"
"I`d shit my pants"
"Screw that flight.."
"Men all over the world"
"Filling your lampshade with toys"
"How I feel eating Sour Patch Kids"
"Why  Hello misty"
"Silly Bitch...."
"I used water gun"
"I gave myself a sad."
"Jake the dog"
"The Dog Knight Rises"
"Jake guards the wall"
"EPIC"
"pensive jake."
"Game of Time"
"How I feel when Game of Thrones is on the front page."
"These guys run this shit"
"We run this shit. (x-post from r/4chan)"
"The 2 presidents make this!"
"&quot;I see no God up here...&quot; Yuri Gagarin - 1961"
"My favorite wallpaper"
"The Obvious Truth"
"I'm sure it's been posted before  but my friend showed me this and I fell in love"
"Ass Bitch Pussy Cock (SFW....Really)"
"Animal Crossing"
"Nutella... Snack &amp; Drink?"
"mother of god..."
"I would enjoy this snack and drink."
"Nutella  nuff said"
"This is the answer to everything"
"Ghosts of WWII. (Reichstag Berlin)"
"Ah. The impact of changing one thing... Whole new picture."
"Saw this on Facebook entitled: The Power of Photoshop."
"Canadian Problems."
"Today is Canadian Thanksgiving. Instead of going around and saying what we are thankful for  we go around and say what we are sorry for..."
"Canadian Problems"
"Canadian Problems"
"y u do this thing"
"Squirt: champion of the noggin."
"I think it wants a hug"
"We don't see enough turtles on here. Any love for a cute little baby ?"
"Look at this little guy I found in the street today"
"Feed me humans!"
"Boondock Saints vs Twilight"
"Good to see the Saints are still doing their job."
"Hey  that's nea- WAIT  WHAT?"
"Mind=fucked"
"Trippy."
"Cool Optical Illusion!"
"After every submission I make to Reddit"
"After submitting a post on reddit"
"After waiting all week for Diablo III and the servers are busy..."
"When dumb things get to the front page"
"When I found out that my ??? chest run didn't register"
"Whenever I see someone say something stupid online..."
"When someone says something stupid online"
"Goodbye Hand"
"Tuck and roll. Alligator style."
"Giraffe  up close and personal."
"All finished. Go ahead and hit the switch!"
"Just when you thought it was safe to go out this Halloween."
"My reaction to my dad saying &quot;sadface&quot; in everyday conversation"
"When I See New Versions of Socially Awkward Penguin"
"Found this on my friends Facebook."
"Men vs. Women (Venn diagram)"
"Tunnel of pug"
"Skeletor throws his hands up"
"Skeletor can wiggle."
"Tattooed monk with tiger."
"Just a baby pangolin"
"World's Largest 3D Street Art"
"World’s largest &amp; Most AWESOME 3D Street Painting"
"wat"
"Math class"
"you're adopted... you are not really a falcon"
"When I realized today that my hangover Sunday was also my cakeday...."
"Staring is rude"
"The only reason I turn off AdBlock"
"The ONLY reason I don't use ad-blockers."
"You're a Genius  Patrick!"
"Weirder than seeing the underside of a stingray..."
"In case of fire..."
"In case of fire...."
"How to save someone from a fire"
"The Holy Trinity of Gaming Food"
"Guess who's birthday's today  as well as mine."
"Happy birthday you beautiful bastard."
"That's what all cubicle gamers must do  right?"
"boss fight"
"gaming at work"
"Don't Go!"
"Don't go!"
"Perfect - Imgur"
"MLK Jr. removing a burned cross from his front yard  1960."
"The roses are..."
"Dog Poems"
"Valentines day to a dog"
"Poetic"
"Couldn't really think of a title"
"Meanwhile in the IT department"
"Just got some free computermonitors  look what I accomplished!"
"Meanwhile  in the IT department"
"Best or worst Halloween costume ever?"
"Don't let them win."
"I hat typos"
"we are all mature.."
"It doesn't matter how old you are  everyone will admit to this"
"When I'm stoned and all my friends are sober"
"are you... serious?"
"Jack is pissed!"
"Wrong joker..."
"That face speaks volumes"
"A village in Norway"
"Norway."
"When I'm on the computer and someone walks in."
"Never forget"
"what does this mean!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Being on Reddit is a lot like this"
"Googled &quot;How to Reddit&quot; and this was the first result."
"TIL Einstein had the legs of a woman  and often wore the shoes to match."
"This picture of Einstein relaxing at the beach."
"Hannibal: the REALLY early years"
"go home boxer you're drunk"
"Baby Sugar Gliders"
"Wat. [pic]"
"Wat."
"Dog's best friend"
"Just a typical NYC dog walk"
"Came across this today..."
"Knock Knock"
"OH YEAH!!!!"
"Searching for images of Adalia Rose and found this"
"When people tell me they're done with exams..."
"Checking my reddit and find I have -100 comment karma"
"Right in the childhood..."
"Everytime my boss wants me to do overtime ..... for free."
"When I submit a link and get a downvote instantly..."
"When I leave all of my studying for the morning of my exam"
"Whenever I find myself in an argument about religion or politics."
"When I pick up a shift at work."
"Trying to move out in the middle of the semester."
"I think the hospital missed this one..."
"Was waiting at the bus stop for 30 minutes  and I tried to mooch off wi-fi"
"My mom insists I change this before &quot;the house gets raided&quot;."
"How to commit suicide  the cool way!"
"How I interpret every post-loss Michael Phelps interview"
"This will basically be what I will be doing Wednesday to my Republican family after Obama wins..."
"Dewdrop dragonfly"
"Pizza cat!"
"Hello neighbor. Your soul is mine."
"Politicians."
"The llama of the arctic"
"Ermahgerd! Cluhrnet!"
"The sun that makes me shine"
"I jizzed"
"perfect timing"
"Fun at the beach (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Perfect timing [X-Post from r/pics"
"College Engineering"
"Just a sleeping dog..."
"Googled how to get on the front page of Reddit. Damn accurate."
"Well Arnold found the internet"
"&quot;We are losing. I must assume my final form.&quot;"
"When did Facebook turn into a clingy girlfriend?"
"Did somebody say Christmas?"
"Did somebody say Christmas?"
"This is my house"
"Apple"
"How I feel showing our house to buyers while we still live there."
"'Up' is just a perspective"
"Upside down world map = mindfuck!"
"Yeah.. I am definitely ok with this.."
"nom nom"
"baby owl  why you so scared"
"Baby owl"
"baby owl! I want one!"
"What IS this?"
"Abe Lincoln on Religion"
"When my girlfriend sends a winkyface in a text  this is what I imagine her doing. [Gif]"
"WTF guitar?"
"Not sure to put this in Guitar or WTF! Girl Guitar"
"D'aww  who needs a tickle?!"
"into the lake"
"Told my girlfriend I love when the page is full of blue links. Woke up to this."
"check my foot work"
"Moe did the shuffle before it was cool"
"17 years robin hood rainbow"
"The original hipster."
"It's my b-day  not my reddit one  my real one. 31"
"Can't decide if home invasion or scariest Halloween ever..."
"Fist beats face"
"This is how I feel seeing all these Bruce Willis links being such a huge fan of him."
"What the fuck.."
"random imgur CAME upon this"
"Just a baby monkey bathing"
"I too can take bath in small bathing tub"
"Baby monkey taking a bath"
"God's Law"
"I hope the new GTA is this realistic"
"That was nice."
"Reading the Morning Paper"
"I can hear the paper crinkle"
"Ahh  the joyful innocence of children."
"Not strangers any more"
"True friendship is blind."
"How I felt when I got my cc company to refund all it's mischarges"
"How to play dead in front of a bear"
"Improvising."
"Almost as good as the real thing"
"New Rogaine Alternative!"
"Truly terrible amateur tattoo artist  this guy needs to stop"
"Awww"
"I only feel this way today  pay day."
"Cristiano Ronaldo is stunned GIF"
"That moment when you question what has brought you to this point"
"We had a surprise test today"
"Asshole Man!"
"Wait... kiss me"
"my favorite breaking bad gif"
"If you do this  then you're done."
"Me  trying to dance with a cute girl around"
"Still lose it every time I see this...so close"
"How I feel trying to exercise with no A/C in this hot-as-balls weather"
"Here's a time lapse of my Accutane treatment!"
":D"
"upvotes... is he doing it right?"
"Hmm  okay then."
"Now that's what I call living!"
"Is it a toilet or a seat...?"
"Bet you won't open the door"
"Hurricane Sandy - wasn't sure if /r/WTF worthy because of the sheer power of those doors"
"This is probably a bad sight to wake up to in the middle of a hurricane"
"Do not open the door...."
"Trying to find friends on Google+"
"r/formula1 for the next month"
"The logic of Islam extremists [fixed]"
"Relating to the East Coast here in Arizona. Sandy."
"reddit right now..."
"George Takei just posted this on his Facebook."
"how i learned to ski."
"The happiest place on Earth."
"Lightning strikes"
"Facebook has been brutally honest lately"
"My brother has a problem..."
"I found these comments while searching for a review of the Samsung Note's ICS roll out. *NSFW Language*"
"Within mere minutes of its upload..."
"great comeback"
"Go home Puppy  you are drunk"
"I didn't know Peter Pan was so tall."
"How I feel any time a friend makes a World of Warcraft reference"
"My reaction every time someone thinks I'm high"
"Some woman I have never seen started yelling at me about bullying a small kid"
"Some woman I have never seen before started yelling at me about bullying a small kid"
"Someone in /r/funny said that this gif is from HIMYM. I don't remember this guy. Someone help me out?"
"The moment I say something dumb in an argument with my wife"
"Bubble?"
"We're expecting"
"How I picture others laughing who respond with &quot;bahaha&quot; at a funny comment."
"saw this on my facebook feed....."
"You are fucking kidding me PETA."
"So when I was playing the PETA version of Pokemon  I unlocked a wallpaper. Thought I would share it."
"My view on happiness."
"don't stare into his eyes"
"A good example of being in the wrong place  at the wrong time."
"Why.. won't.. you... close... oh."
"uh......sorry"
"Oh  yeah.. uh.. didn't see you there"
"Well... I better take a seat"
"Every single time i watch this  i laugh for at least five minutes straight"
"Diagnosed HIV Aladeen"
"Something about this post-Sandy photo really leaves a strong impression"
"How it looks when I try to pick up girls."
"Must have really hurt."
"What did he shit!!!!"
"Who's the best smelling actor?"
"got the blues"
"quote from man stabbed"
"Telling the future"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"...and then Custer said  they are only Indians."
"Yep."
"Famous last words.."
"Quote from a stabbed man"
"a little ironic i think (first post be gentle)"
"Actually  yeah..."
"Evidently so..."
"He was asking for it."
"Apparently..."
"I think it was a yes"
"I'm not quite sure what to say about this ..."
"Stick horse"
"Horses"
"How I feel when I'm running away from a bad guy in a dream."
"I can't flirt... Seriously  I'm not a observant man..."
"Hardest game I ever played."
"Googled &quot;reddit's favorite thing.&quot; Not surprised it was a tie."
"Meanwhile  in Russia..."
"I think I might like this baby"
"Now  you see?"
"Mlk would be so proud"
"so I googled stupid bitch"
"Dogfighting at it's finest."
"A little bit of artist..."
"Hello!! I would like a picture!!"
"This is not the greatest post in the world..."
"I think this is right up reddits alley"
"Ultimate Reward"
"Usain Bolt Tweet on Paralympics"
"Boss Hogg Gangsta?"
"Gone in Sixty Seconds!"
"Every 60 Seconds"
"Realizing my cake day has finally come."
"Ok so I think we should all take a moment to acknowledge the fact that this cat is dancing to the same beat of the song about pussy. I'm done."
"Carl Sagan's pale blue dot  my all time favorite quote  which has probably been re-posted a million times on r/atheism but I don't care."
"Hello from the pale blue dot."
"When I realized I wasn't out of weed"
"Fucking Jugglers!"
"When trying to impress that special someone"
"Easter Island just became a bit more interesting"
"Tetris sky diving  that is all."
"How meteorologists in the Northeast must feel right now  for once..."
"Searched Rape Prevention on Google and this showed up. Honestly  WTF."
"I see you're a gangster..."
"straight g'd up."
"How I act when my friend shows me his clogged toilet that I clogged."
"Spotted at Lil Wayne's house on Cribs"
"I just finished with the final payment on my mortgage. This is how I feel."
"Walkin' on sunshine"
"And don't it feel good!"
"Who knew Sarah Jessica Parker was an olympian??"
"Preemptive Vader..."
"ABOOGABOOGABOOGA"
"BOOGA BOOGA BOOGA"
"Ooga Booga Booga"
"ABOOGABOOGABOOGA"
"Saw this on Facebook... wut"
"Stop it  Judas."
"Ur smellin' fine.."
"I see you...!"
"The greatest feeling."
"A Giraffe And Tiger."
"Did Pepsico actually go through with the fun the few winner or is this just a good Photoshop?"
"New! From Mountain Dew!"
"So this popped up on my newsfeed..."
"Just got the new flavor of Mountain Dew!"
"This is what I've been trying to say all these years."
"It actually passed!?"
"Have a nice bottle of ... ?"
"La La La.....who?! what?! why?!"
"90's kids miss this show. Actually anyone who ever watched one episode is missing this show."
"You just got served."
"Thou hast been served"
"He did not come to be served..."
"Superman ain't got shit on this guy."
"Terrible Knock Off Toys. I would totally buy these."
"Arguably Curb Your Enthusiasm's funniest bit"
"Nothing like a cat that likes to cuddle"
"And it was only the day before that Mittens owners had him declawed..."
"The love between a boy and his cat ... kind of."
"Okay  I'm ready to leave now."
"Comet McNaught between fireworks and thunder (Australia Day 2007)"
"Fireworks &amp; Lightning"
"Just a couple of guys at work."
"&quot;Luke  I am your father.&quot; The Filming of Star Wars."
"I can do that too...oh  well  never mind then."
"How I feel when multi-tasking on multiple monitors"
"Magic"
"Saw this and it was all I could think of (Make sure to show video)"
"Sex with Chuck Norris"
"I bet it was awesome.."
"Most awesome baby and worst parents of the year award goes to..."
"Makha Bucha"
"It's my Reddit Birthday  look at...."
"How I feel about all the trolling and &quot;karma-whoring&quot; on the frontpage"
"recently at the games store: FIFA/PES sales &quot;competition&quot;"
"Come at me bro!"
"Happy Ray jumps for joy"
"Aw of the Sea"
"Baby Stingray"
"Repost from r/pics: Baby Stingray"
"Lucky Kid"
"Just a wizard grabbing some petrol"
"Albino Tiger eating under water"
"He should probably get that tumor removed"
"God have mercy on our souls"
"Wall Fetish?"
"Well at least the wall is enjoying it"
"Wait  what?"
"Best pool party ever."
"Can someone help find this cat please?"
"The result of horse incest (FIXED)"
"Texting and driving  a message from AT&amp;T"
"Be careful"
"Ohaahhhhh"
"WTF  as in WHO THE FUCK would pay her to act...."
"Russia  you mad?"
"They always get out of hand"
"No longer a party."
"Ain't no party like a Mario party"
"The best traffic sign in the United States."
"Bollywood can be so goddamn awesome."
"Bollywood in a few seconds"
"The devastating feeling of crushing someone else's dream at /new."
"He hasn't steered us wrong yet. Odin 2012"
"Just a reminder for tomorrow..."
"For tomorrow's election"
"First Avenue in NYC"
"1st Avenue... Venice or New York."
"My friend took this picture a few moments ago of Manhattan. Wow."
"Shooting the MGM logo  1924"
"Shooting the MGM logo... carefully"
"Researching the history of MGM and found this. Thought Reddit would like it."
"Hairless Bear"
"Hairless Bear  or Hugh Jackman?"
"Hairless bear: even scarier than a bear with fur?"
"Emma Watson 2011 Elle photo shoot (GIF)"
"I'm Speechless"
"Emma Watson (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"Workin It"
"Workin It"
"This picture is not mine  but sometimes random strangers just nail it."
"The troubles of being a step ladder."
"Hello there!"
"Trying to get your groceries out of the car."
"Trying to take all of the groceries in at once"
"what...the...fuck...."
"What am I watching"
"Bath Time!"
"Not sure exactly how he/she/it got on my computer..."
"Awesome but Crazy Inventions"
"Dark Knight Rises 3D art"
"Aaaaand nobody gives a fuck"
"Welcome to the Internet"
"How I feel showing my friends reddit"
"How I discovered the Internet"
"Snail on a mushroom and a drop of rain"
"Grand Theft Walrus"
"Ruff Ryder Walrus."
"To sleep and protect?"
"Ray?"
"Ray"
"Ray Charles is back"
"A Howitzer Being Fired"
"Fire in the hole!"
"This is pretty accurate..."
"Can't believe how hard I laughed at this one"
"Nice ride!"
"I googled weird cars and I can't stop laughing at this."
"After I saw the original I couldn't help but do this NSFW"
"It's not very attractive but DAMN if it isn't creative. NSFW"
"Jank Acid"
"Best pillow ever."
"What has Science done?!"
"I don't know this guy  but something tells me that I wouldn't like him"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"some men just want's to watch the world burn"
"I think I'll use a different stall.."
"Goodluck"
"Am I the only one who would watch every damn minute of this?"
"Ray Villafane world renowned Pumpkin Sculpter."
"Some kids are just awesome without trying"
"Some kids are just awesome without trying (xpost from r/pics)"
"Well maybe Jill should have brought some fucking Viagra... whats with all this pressure?"
"The Deadly Facts About Water"
"Also  fish have sex in it..."
"Scary truths"
"Oh  I know why"
"Summer nights."
"Proud of his work"
"Peter is proud"
"Oh shit  my bad."
"how redditors feel about my drunk comments"
"GIF thread! What's your favourite NBA GIF? Here's mine."
"Oh  Japan..."
"Bicycle Kick"
"Excuse me  miss. May I bother you for a rub?"
"*poke poke*"
"Uhm.. E-excuse me..?"
"How i feel posting on reddit"
"A slightly different take on the Tortoise vs the Hare"
"Just don't take the middle one."
"Sometimes I feel like everyone I work with is an idiot."
"How to insult LOTR  Star Wars &amp; Harry Potter Fanboys with a single image"
"As a long time Apple fanboy; how I feel after Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference"
"What I think is happening when reddit is &quot;under a heavy load&quot;..."
"r/science today"
"This is how I feel about 50% of the front page being science"
"Seven days without internet  I just got it repaired."
"Me after first day of college."
"No Fap Week  day one.[FIXED]"
"How i feel after i pop a zit (possibly nsfw)"
"reddit is trying to make us all not fap this month. but we have been warned of the consequences of not having internet porn before..."
"This will happen to those who follow through with no-fap September"
"I'm sorry Reddit  I tried my best"
"I may have teared up a little."
"&quot;just keep swimming&quot; never meant so much."
"Mmm  quite."
"Ah Good Sir"
"How I feel about most personal stories on Reddit"
"My view today  life can be great."
"The sad truth about dating sites."
"Abandon thread"
"Grammar is important kids..."
"The Look That Says  &quot;I am Going To Let You Fuck Me Senseless&quot;"
"I really wish this was a real episode  just to get the back-story"
"[Request]Is it possible to get this in 1366x768?"
"So this just popped up in my wife's Facebook feed. I present to you  a placenta teddy bear."
"Time To Feed My Pet Tiger"
"Now I know how Calvin felt [x-post from r/calvinandhobbes]"
"They're Grrreat!"
"Wind dog."
"Hover Cat Doesn't Give A Fuck."
"Cat Win"
"Godmode"
"Evil Genius Cat"
"My reaction after discovering r/spacedicks"
"stumbled upon r/spacedicks"
"Everytime before logging into reddit and seeing the default front page"
"My reaction when I found out my ex-girlfriend is in a new relationship two weeks after we broke up."
"TIL Chyna and X-Pac have a sex tape"
"I know that feel  bro."
"Winston Churchill sits on a chair from Hitler's bunker"
"The do's and dont's of halloween"
"Louie CK at his best"
"God porn"
"Poooooooooo"
"How I Feel The Morning after the Super Bowl"
"Peek a boo!"
"What I feel happens to everything I post to the internet"
"Is This Google+ For Anyone Else?"
"The way it feels when you discover a new subreddit that you are interested in only to discover the last post is from 2007."
"Its never too late..."
"Why would you bring this to your senior photo?"
"Meanwhile in Brazil..."
"Koala in shock."
"How to keep an idiot busy........"
"How to keep an idiot perv busy"
"How to keep an idiot busy."
"How To Make An Idiot Waste Time"
"how to keep an idiot busy"
"Stop looking at cats online!"
"Come on Reddit... COME ON!!! Don't fail me now! [Xpost from /r/FWEPP]"
"2 hours from Whitehorse  Yukon  Canada [1459x1094]"
"Love spill."
"Picture taken this past weekend by friend of my Mom's. In the mountains  just outside of Boulder  CO."
"Nintendo(and possibly gaming's) greatest villain"
"What I see when I try to explain to someone what each button does in NFL Madden 13."
"Behind the scenes of CS"
"USA team getting beat by France [Fixed]"
"Super Ref"
"One for the ladies"
"Nice muscle dude"
"Do you even lift?"
"eBay is a no-no"
"Let's see who will cheat now."
"How i feel when i get my paycheck"
"How I feel running against the wind.."
"As Someone Who's Power Is Still On"
"When a freshman turns in his first paper and thinks it's awesome....then gets a C"
"Gravity  gets you every time."
"BOOM SHAKALAKA!"
"'A' for effort."
"How I feel trying to make it to the front page"
"I believe"
"Fat People..."
"I was going to see if i had enough self control to resist posting something on my very first cake day...but i gave up after an hour..."
"How I envision myself doing when I'm about to post something original."
"Every male that comments on a GW post..."
"This isn't funny."
"Hmm.. Getting to work this morning is gonna be a problem!"
"First day of school today. Saw this in my history teacher's class."
"What have I done with my life?"
"Dat blob"
"this boy is awesome."
"Not a teacher  but my vote for best name goes to this guy."
"Russia is epic"
"I will always love y-"
"I will always love you"
"Hold my hand  Jack."
"Oh shi---oh shi--- ooooooohhhhhhhh shhhhhhhhit"
"So close... yet so far..."
"Me trying to make it to the front page."
"Trying to make the front page of Reddit."
"Today is my birthday."
"Dear Mitt Romney..."
"Last Christmas I gave you my heart..."
"Giant holiday ice marbles!"
"I can't be the only one that wishes they could do this..."
"Slow down  Slow D- Oh my mistake  carry on."
"Obi-wan  NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"Look at the 9/11 fucks I don't give."
"Only a test..."
"Umm close Siri  very close.."
"Prepping my iPhone for Mass Effect 3"
"SIRI on philosophy"
"Well  Siri... that makes two of us."
"Siri when you ask her for a joke on iOS 6.."
"I think Siri has the right idea."
"Clearly Steve Jobs was a redditor."
"What are you wearing?"
"I asked Siri how to get to a hospital  got a very helpful response."
"Now  now  Siri."
"That's a bit harsh  Siri."
"I asked Siri if she believed in God."
"Just woke up from a nap  and already Siri is judging me."
"Now we know who Siri will vote for..."
"Siri: my bitch."
"Siri surprises me... This popped up on my newsfeed."
"This is how I feel about those European roundabouts sometimes"
"It still hurts to think about it..."
"This Sept. 11th  let us honor those who fell this day  so many years ago. Never Forget."
"A complex friendship."
"50 shades of Granger"
"One of my fourth graders showed me this"
"Oh Children...."
"Oh Children…."
"Dinner Time"
"Ding Ding Dong"
"Dinner time!"
"*Ding*ding*ding*"
"I dare you to make some context for this GIF"
"DINNERTIME [NSFW]"
"Dinner bells."
"It's DINNER TIME!"
"DINNER TIME!"
"I've never not wanted dinner..."
"just a mildly disturbing gif"
"Possibly repost but I just love it! (A little bit nsfw)"
"10 top tips to end rape!"
"One of the best lines from Psych."
"That's my name too."
"Frankie Muniz knows how to do it right"
"good old times"
"The iPhone 5 in about ten years..."
"My daughter's geography test. She added her own answer."
"My daughter's geography test. She added her own answer. (x-post from r/atheism)"
"My daughter's geography test. She added her own answer. (x-post from r/atheism)"
"We are small....."
"Whenever I'm feeling a little to big for my boots this gif never fails at bringing me down a peg or two."
"That shit crazy."
"i am at a lack for words"
"I just leave this here..."
"There there..."
"What my wife said when she checked my reddit account and noticed I can't make it past new."
"How I feel when I turn on Pandora and it plays the song I wanted to hear (r/musicpics x-post)"
"Recent graduates at their first job interview"
"How I feel when my German professor compliments my work"
"How I feel after getting 50 karma on a post"
"Wham Landa"
"No regrets  just sprinkles"
"Just a mosquito drone equipped with a camera  mic  and syringe"
"Nanotech Skeeto"
"The worst one I've seen yet..."
"sounds about right..."
"Gimme Fue Gimme Fai"
"I was listening to some of my old playlists  and I recalled this photo..."
"Hearing a spoiler"
"My wife's best argument whenever I point out a flaw in her logic."
"How i feel on reddit since the Olympics started"
"Whenever I have loud friends over and Breaking Bad is on [x-post from /r/BreakingBad]."
"Muttonchops Murray"
"Screw this  I'm outa here..."
"when i try to make a funny post"
"Kitty just wanted a snack"
"Whenever I think that I've posted something great"
"When someone starts the hate train on my post"
"We all just want someone to lean on"
"These Guys Are Crazy (This is Not Photoshopped!)"
"I thought going blind was bad enough..."
"That's what you get ..."
"Welcome"
"Though you guys would like this"
"&quot;Welocome to church. You won't be needing this!&quot;"
"Smiling bunny asfnasjlkvka;lfak;lkg"
"You're damn right I do!"
"That's some disgusting hair."
"I see your long hair and raise whatever the hell this is supposed to be"
"Trippin' goats."
"True meaning of walking like a boss"
"Wu Tang Flan"
"Weekend before midterms/finals"
"I've been looking for a job for over a year...I think this is what's happening"
"New thing?"
"Reddit Lately"
"Kishimoto on female ninjas"
"This is how I imagine most helpdesks"
"button smashing rave"
"When a program I don't want suddenly starts downloading"
"Me When My Computer Freezes..."
"Trying to turn my girlfriend on (sfw)"
"Watson! Come quick..."
"I'm on to you  foot."
"Nando's knows how to advertise..."
"I am not quite sure what to think of this..."
"Maybe it's Maybeline [NSFW]"
"This is what I use for my daily inspiration."
"Best. Slide. Ever."
"Worlds tallest water slide."
"This is becoming increasingly true"
"booboo mwah"
"Uhm  yeah  sexy..."
"Hellen Keller has a FB page"
"I would say yes"
"(X-Post from /r/wtf.) This is Germany's view of America prior to WW2. It's always neat to see the propaganda used by states."
"Latest Image from Curiosity Rover"
"legal pedophilic circus"
"Why?"
"You sexy Thang"
"sure?"
"Breaking 100 link karma for the first time"
"When my favorite song comes on"
"what it feels like to finally have a successful post on Reddit"
"My response the when I reached my first 100 karma"
"When I'm Toddlers in Tiaras"
"badgers in tiaras"
"Drop It Low"
"Gangnam Style"
"At what point would you stop looking out this window and do anything else?"
"Tracy Caldwell Dyson in the ISS Cupola"
"That's what she said!"
"The Dark Trashcan Rises"
"You're not the only one.[FB]"
"What I've learned from the past three debates"
"My favorite gif of all time  so far"
"My friend got this from one of his teachers"
"Nice try Snape..."
"Impossible Guitar"
"Last night i fell asleep during a reddit session. This morning i woke up to this on my computer screen"
"When people walk in on me..."
"How i view &quot;And i'm just sitting here masturbating&quot; posts"
"Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle  Yeah!"
"Wiggle  Wiggle  Wiggle!"
"Jacob Wants To Be Brutal."
"Brutal"
"Works everytime"
"So I Google Searched &quot;How to win over a woman&quot;"
"Pikachu had Bath Salt moment."
"I would personally be annoyed."
"Earth: From Dusk to Dawn"
"Punk rock officially has the most diverse musical fan base."
"meanwhile in romania..."
"People are complaining about the lack of OC  Here is a drawing I did..."
"My initial thought upon playing Ocarina of Time as a child"
"Not ANOTHER Skyrim meme..."
"Sounds about right..."
"So I was looking for that seal that says &quot;Gaaaaaaay!&quot; Googled &quot;Gay Seal&quot;..."
"Every time I get notified the email I just opened automatically notifies the sender that I read it."
"I told my sister it was my Cakeday today..."
"Off the Charts!!!"
"Ice Cube and Snoop Lion"
"surfing imgur.com.....I guess thats enough internet for me today [NSFW]"
"Acid trip robot Santa viking?"
"santa dont like the drugs"
"I'm not high enough for this"
"What I imagine Christmas being like in Japan"
"So  Santa will be getting new reindeer this year."
"How I would feel making it to frontpage"
"So my friend rode a roller coaster for the first time when I asked them how it felt they sent me a link to this"
"How it feels to chew 5gum."
"Just turned 20  this is how I feel to no longer be a teen."
"So I just had Nutella for the first time."
"Waking up to find I had a successful post on Reddit"
"Santa-Splosion"
"I did not see that one coming"
"Suddenly... robot moose santa clause t-rex laser."
"All HAIL the MIGHTY POWER of ST. NICHOLAS!!!!"
"Santa?"
"Here comes SANTA!"
"Merry Christmas Season Gaymers &lt;3"
"...wait what?"
"It's officially Christmas Day Reddit"
"Objective: Beastmode. Status: Accomplished."
"HELL YEAH !"
"Aww"
"This accurately describes my situation"
"Gimme all your karma or Mr. Binks gets it!"
"Every argument on the internet"
"Cocaine... So much cocaine"
"it's that time of the year again"
"Eye candy [pic]"
"Cricket player Andrew Strauss accidentally destroys his own sunglasses."
"destroyed sunglasses [gif]"
"My Favorite gif Ever"
"How I feel when downvoting a post to zero (OC)"
"Striking a light in slow-mo"
"The Sombrero Galaxy from my 6&quot; Reflector (xpost from r/Astronomy)"
"Distance from the Earth to the Moon."
"Every time that I get upvotes on Reddit"
"Traffic lights at a [6]."
"Refreshing reddit and seeing all blue links"
"Just noticed how cool the Android alarm clock app looks."
"Fuck gravity.."
"My reaction to 90% of rage comics"
"Behind the Muppets."
"Incredible photo of the Japanese army during the floods"
"Irish cottage"
"Brilliant."
"Puts our FWP's into perspective"
"Well  that's one way to make someone shit their pants."
"NAILED IT"
"Go home ketchup robot. You're drunk."
"The most fucked up thing I've ever read. What the actual fuck."
"Lolita Slave Toy (Extremely NSFL Content)"
"someone uploaded this on FB"
"My favorite GIF So far"
"This keeps me highly amused"
"no comment"
"Probably my new favorite gif."
"The Revolution Will Not Be Re-Rendered"
"Crystal Cave of Svinafellsjokull  Iceland"
"Helpful Mom!"
"And Mother of the Year award goes to ..."
"Thanks mom."
"When I come home to find out that I made the front page."
"Hallelujah"
"warm up jumps"
"My body's natural position."
"I'm a rolled up ball."
"Browsing /r/WTF  seriously thought this..."
"Grenade throw fail"
"Such an amazingly bad execution"
"Ari Downvote"
"after mexican food"
"Nom"
"nom nom nom"
"Oh god why..."
"Referees in Final Seconds of MNF..."
"Mind Blown..."
"Mind = blown"
"Star Wars Fusion!"
"Call of Duty Teabag POV (SFW)"
"When I enjoy a link but don't upvote"
"Still the best gif of all time  no cats here either"
"When my ex-girlfriend showed up and wanted to get back together"
"Reaction GIF collection (I add to it when I find other ones I like)"
"Cant stop watching!"
"BOING!"
"I don't even know wether funny or wtf"
"This guy likes to fill up old granny's."
"Black Pete strikes again."
"Party in aisle 15"
"Convenience."
"well this is terrifying"
"Me trying to talk to girls"
"For when the weather man is wrong."
"Best friends!"
"In case you were wondering"
"FOLLOW THAT GOAT!"
"The greatest picture taken this year. HANDS DOWN. (monkey warrior)"
"First World Problem"
"I'm normally a calm person..."
"this was on my Facebook news feed"
"Took my kid to Legoland the other day. This is all I saw as we took off our shoes to play."
"I don't know what to think"
"Wtf jazz cat"
"BAM!!!"
"When idiots start talking"
"For all the reddit is down news reporters."
"Racist jokes"
"I have had R.E.S for months and I always right click &quot;open in new tab&quot; for the comments and the links. Just now realized what clicking [l+c] does..."
"Hipsters..."
"My girlfriend asks me to throw away her tampon..."
"What's going through my mind while browsing f7u12"
"Told my dad i was christian as a joke. This is the reaction I got"
"When I heard that EA is considering buying steam"
"Truth in advertising."
"A unicorn without its horn"
"Ankles: The new shoes. [NSFW]"
"How I feel everyone in WI is acting"
"Maybe it isn't plugged in?"
"FIFA 12  you're doing it wrong"
"Hey Reddit Look What I found!"
"Sisyphus the Rat"
"When I realize how long I have been on reddit."
"The Queen Shooting a Gun"
"The Queen firing off a gun (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing an SA80"
"Whenever people say Reddit is stupid"
"Fuck You: an interpretive dance"
"I'm so sorry Rex..."
"Poor Rex.."
"Just Jesus holding a baby dinosaur"
"Cops in Norway"
"How I feel when my friends share their sex stories with me."
"When someone says &quot;hey you wanna smoke?.. oh wait your on probation&quot;"
"How I feel about the r/WTF revolution."
"When all my friends discuss their plans for Valentines together..."
"My face when I see on facebook all the cool things friends are doing without me..."
"How I feel being allergic to cats on Reddit."
"How I feel being allergic to cats on Reddit."
"How I feel when people write a sentence and post a generic reaction gif"
"The Farrelly brothers made a Three Stooges movie! Featuring the cast of Jersey Shore!"
"How I feel when my GF brags about her Reddit posts doing better..."
"When I show my mum anything on reddit..."
"How I feel browsing r/funny/new and seeing all the fake posts"
"When I hear about your shines"
"When people make the same terrible jokes about my name. My name is Chase."
"When someone reposts my joke and they get more Karma."
"When my boss wants me to work overtime ..... for free  if you're a disgruntled pacifist."
"Audrey got into trouble"
"The definition of &quot;trouble&quot;"
"kitty calenders are the best"
"Don't Fuck With Rhinos"
"how i felt when my brother tried to steal my fruity pebbles"
"Yes you may  Mein Purr-her"
"Yeah  I'm chubby. Wanna fight about it? [x-post r/delightfullychubby]"
"Police officer pepper-spraying a kid"
"Smile"
"What the ..?"
"Stay Classy."
"Scumbag Christian on Zombies"
"Scumbag Christian"
"scumbag christian tipping waiters"
"Classic 4chan."
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"disrespect your surroundings!"
"Totally the way I explain it to my family"
"Ta dah"
"Makes perfect sense."
"that is simply...AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"This is at the top of my Christmas list..."
"Do what you love..."
"I don't remember seeing this in Power Rangers..."
"I don't remember this power ranger"
"When someone overtakes dad when he's driving"
"MFW someone said I couldn't watch 4 seasons of Breaking Bad in under a week."
"I've been training for this my entire life"
"I need to get one of those new cat carriers"
"Now I can take my cat anywhere"
"Speed Dating"
"Where do they make you poop?"
"Me Gusta Face's dog"
"Not sure if cute ?"
"rock n' roll"
"1 pentagram pepperoni pizza please"
"1 pentagram pepperoni pizza please"
"Holy Wars...the Pizza's Due!"
"PIZZA PIZZA PIE [xpost r/gifsound]"
"Blah"
"My refresh button was about to overheat"
"Aaaaannndd it's gone!"
"My friend's kids going as &quot;Little Wayne's World&quot; for Halloween. Nailed it."
"Party Time  Excellent!"
"Flawless Face Transplant [Revival Verision][NSFL]"
"[NSFW] Species Change WTF?"
"At first I was....[NSFW/L]"
"I ain't nothing but a hound dog..."
"Dog-man[nsfwish?]"
"I think I would have exploded if I had had this as a kid (x-post from r/awesome)"
"If I had this when I was a child I'd be a different man today"
"Why are they letting little kids go in there?"
"His result was &quot;But hoes and tricks.&quot;"
"Subtlety is not his strong suit"
"I still laugh myself to sleep whenever I read this"
"Disguised weapons (x-post from r/funny)"
"Disguised Weapons For Sale - Repost (Craigslist Ad)"
"Reddits way of slapping me in the face every time I log on."
"pillow brain leach"
"Pretty Standard Call By The Replacement NFL Refs"
"After further review"
"NFL replacement referees in a nutshell..."
"The NFL replacement refs this season"
"Monday Night Football"
"Touchdown!"
"Officials"
"Nice legs"
"Oh the inspiration"
"How I feel when one of my posts flops..."
"Its been 11 years. May we never forget the loved ones we lost."
"Always In Memory"
"A resident of Kyoshi argues with the corner of a house and loses [X-post /r/TheLastAirbender]"
"Bird survives getting neck chewed off."
"Old halloween costumes freak me out."
"When you pull out a joint at a party"
"I was eating some bread  when suddenly..."
"Man has sex with hibernating bear!"
"Why can't I think of things like this?"
"Poopy time! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Poopy-Time!"
"Champion of WTF products. Got this off my brother's facebook"
"Googled &quot;wait what&quot; and was not disappointed."
"I'm not sure how to explain but I am kind of excited to poo now (sfw)"
"4chan's admins aren't too keen on Reddit."
"I don't think the mods of 4chan like reddit very ( x-post from r/ 4chan)"
"Once you go black"
"Scariest minute of my life as a child"
"The most stressful game I have ever played!"
"Forget Amnesia and Slenderman  this shit still scares me."
"Why do I love this scene so much?"
"Seriously Ubisoft..."
"Pretty much sums up the inner struggle I have about some of the porn I watch."
"No Need to beat yourself up"
"Suddenly  friend becomes foe [gif]"
"Suddenly  friend becomes foe [gif]"
"Poor sock"
"Googled &quot;cakes&quot; and got this."
"Baby Cake on my Cake Day"
"Baby Cake"
"Futurama sums it up pretty well"
"The best type of logic."
"Vampire cat."
"Halloween showdown"
"Halloween showdown"
"Nick Nolte riding the bumper cars"
"It's the little things"
"Skeletor Bitches!!!!"
"Two days without sleep. Maybe shoulda do something about that."
"You've seen that GIF of the video team 'getting into it'  now  I raise you... this!"
"Please Flush!"
"Ah yes  indeed."
"indeed it is"
"I feel  sometimes the walls move..."
"So I found out there's such a thing as r/spiders…"
"When ever I go to /r/nosleep..."
"Stumbling onto r/fearme"
"Half the things on this subreddit do this to me..."
"My reaction to my first and only time on /r/spacedicks."
"When I accidentally click on a NSFW..."
"Getting glared at by the non-ents at a party when I'm about to toke"
"Haters gonna ... wait"
"When my roommate makes fun of me for being white..."
"I do enjoy me some hamburgers! (first post!)"
"Still more detailed than Apple Maps"
"Parenting  You're Doing it Wrong [Cross-post from r/facepalm]"
"Facebook never ceases to kill my faith in humanity"
"When somebody offers a witty insight"
"Well  its true..."
"Mr Bean stars in the new Twilight"
"But Felix found it in the ocean..."
"dog ate the homework"
"Well that escilated quickly"
"Why I always clear my browsing history/recycle bin."
"So I decided to try my hand at the grilled cheese thing"
"There was a spider in my room. I tried to kill it. There's nothing in the tissue."
"'Please help' got me.."
"&quot;Please help&quot;"
"This is the kiwi Reddit deserves  but not the one it needs right now."
"The kiwi Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now."
"The fruit that Gotham deserves... but not the one it needs..."
"No  no  no."
"Today marks the 10 year anniversary of Kingdom Hearts  the ninth best selling PlayStation 2 game of all time."
"I cant believe this game is already ten years old."
"So that's what happens.."
"So that's what happens.. [FIXED]"
"Beautiful multiple exposure shot of a Lighthouse."
"T-rex fighting!"
"Like a box"
"Subject: Delay of your Amazon shipment"
"Boxhide!"
"Couldn't help myself."
"Jesus was here"
"Fucks? I have but none to give!"
"Happy Birthday Jeff Goldblum!"
"Enough is enough"
"Not giving a musical fuck."
"Classic Children's Literature"
"Portrayal of Hitler"
"Hitler - A proud woman of color."
"Something Wonderful."
"Cat fountain"
"Every time I open Instagram."
"Karma Machine"
"Pixar IRL"
"Googled &quot;best picture ever&quot;"
"Googled &quot;best picture ever&quot;. Got this face swap"
"Google searched &quot;Best picture ever&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"Typed in &quot;best picture ever&quot; on google and this is the first picture to come up. Google speaks the truth."
"I see your baby polar bear and raise you a baby otter."
"I found this gem in /r Otters  felt that it needed to be shared."
"I see your baby polar bear being tickled  and raise you a baby otter being tickled."
"My sex face"
"Classic Stewie"
"Justin Beanber"
"Justin Beanber"
"Some days.."
"Synchronized backflip"
"Synchronized failing"
"Squirtle on blast! Hater's Gonna Hate!"
"smack that Squirtle"
"100 percent"
"Its a MIRACLE! Take that.... Jesus toast."
"Do you see Jesus?"
"I found Jesus today"
"Jesus hath cometh"
"Sometimes you find Jesus in the most unexpected places..."
"So my son wanted to have tea with a parrot....and this happened."
"Bird trying its best to have arms. (xpost R/pics)"
"I wish I could loop this GIF whenever I invite certain friends to play with me.."
"Oh my glass!"
"Mom get your shit together!"
"Oh no  it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!"
"Oh no  it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!"
"Well said Spongebob"
"I fear neither death nor pain"
"I fear neither death nor pain (X-Post /r/onetruegod)"
"Caffeine Crystals"
"Aryans and Semites can Still Find Peace Amongst All This Tension..."
"someone is obviously on steroids"
"The Dangers of Texting"
"The danger of text messaging"
"Thanks Spiderman!"
"Tuesday..."
"When i wake up for work."
"Monday mornings..."
"Meanwhile in Zionist media (BBC  CNN  ABC  FOX  SKY etc) they are photoshopping Syria to fool you."
"The power of photoshop in the Media (via Wikileaks)"
"Times I am told that wikipedia is unreliable"
"I've had this tab open for a few hours  trying to think of an appropriate title. I can't."
"Fan art. My brother posted this on fb. Thought Reddit would like it."
"eyes =O"
"Variable Harlequin Toad [xpost r/costarica]"
"One of the best repost ever"
"How I feel when I see a &quot;huh&quot; guy post."
"On the subject of Jersey Shore... I never get tired of this gif"
"watching season 1 &quot;thats mesed up&quot;... ever since the italy season &quot;why doesnt this happen every episode!!&quot;"
"How my girlfriend expects me to react when I get hit on [FIXED]"
"I could watch this all day long"
"YES! OH MY GOD!"
"Falcon Punch"
"If you love jesus[NSFW]"
"Massaging the air"
"Feed Me!"
"Going to leave the kitchen when suddenly........"
"Someone please tell me where this is from. (GIF)"
"Lolcat  Circa 1905"
"A dentists waiting room...."
"Umm  so watcha talkin about?"
"Back to the future 4"
"Cannibals have lots of friends"
"Wise words  Ben"
"tasty boogers"
"I found this rather amusing."
"WTF Batman!"
"I'm so happy"
"MACHO MAN!"
"I have no words..."
"So you want to see my power..!!"
"When I win an argument"
"Madness elbow drops a hamster."
"What? I mean Just how old is she?"
"Parenting you're doing it wrong"
"Came home last night and my little brother left his Legos on the floor (x-post from /r/reactiongifs)"
"The White House since discovering Reddit"
"Just a Picture Of Barack Obama During his AMA.."
"My reaction to every Calculus lesson I've learned this year."
"How I feel when a post I downvoted gets it to the front page"
"I never though anything with gummie worms would belong here [NSFW]"
"HOW FAT DO YOU NEED TO BE TO HAVE BACK TITS!!!"
"The best kind of parking ticket."
"Remember this guy..."
"Sudden realization many years later that this wasn't your average bath toy."
"What a smart idea.."
"Thug Life 4Ever"
"Oh my...."
"The ball shall be mine!"
"Found out my ex got engaged the other day  to a guy she's been with for a little over a year. This is how I feel today."
"How I feel when someone other than me gets kicked so a donator can join."
"Blacktip Reef Shark  Maldives"
"Lots of fish in the sea..."
"Super Saiyan Michael Phelps!"
"Best Michael Phelps .gif ever."
"My favorite .gif of all times."
"The best olympics related gif i could find"
"This GIF just never gets old"
"Michael Phelps is not human"
"That feeling when I surpass 1000 comment karma"
"Who really needs to be told this?"
"I wasn't planning to"
"Damn  I was looking forward to that"
"Skaters Gonna Skate"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Badass Rap video."
"Didn't see that coming!"
"This gif flows so smoothly"
"How I view my father with his DSLR"
"Om nom nom nom nom!"
"Don't even try and tell me this isn't awesome"
"I'm pretty sure English isn't this comic artists first language  but the message is universal."
"Because the bible says so."
"Because it's a sin!"
"Whenever I take things too far"
"Cancelled."
"Demon Spawn"
"Oh god make it stop"
"Burning Mercury Thiocyanide"
"Skunk likes kitten verrrrry much."
"See  sometimes you just have to TAKE the pussy  like Pepe!!"
"our hero Gaben was the main character in this game!"
"Senator - ummmmm... what?"
"Slenderman Santorum"
"So I googled &quot;Space Cat&quot;. I was not disappointed."
"Sire Biggie Smalls"
"Notorious B.I.G. likes stringed instruments."
"Never thought of it that way!"
"It's really the only solution"
"This changes everything"
"Well then that would explain a lot."
"this could be true"
"And then it hit me"
"explain this Mr.Religious"
"Complete mind reversal ..."
"Duck Face"
"You are nothing I am not scared..."
"So I heard you guys like babies and cats"
"What kind of sorcery is this? Why can't I reach the food?"
"About pissed my pants first time I saw this."
"Greatest GIF ever."
"how i see redditors in a party"
"Last Meal"
"Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich"
"putting your life down"
"...Bitches!"
"my favorite comic"
"Best comic."
"Such is Life"
"Bill Cosby on grandmothers."
"true story"
"whenever my son stays at my parents for the weekend"
"Every time I hear Slender Man  it reminds me"
"Yellow ribbon to show support."
"Thumper &amp; bambi"
"Never fails to make me giggle"
"Do you really think he's high?"
"How it feels on my first cake day. Not a single moment felt wasted to me"
"How I feel when I get one upvote."
"Boy that escalated quickly"
"cutest thing ever...."
"Aww  stop it  mom!"
"A nice collection of Gifs for you guys"
"Can not stop laughing at this"
"Gets funnier every time"
"Emma Watson vs Kristen Stewart"
"Cutting veggies? There's an app for that!"
"I prayed for a sequel to this as a child …"
"fuck karma"
"How I feel trying to get karma anymore."
"Meanwhile in Space..."
"Meanwhile in space..."
"Camouflage Practice"
"And you're beautiful when you do"
"My all-time favorite picture on the internet"
"One of my favourites"
"I must dance!"
"scruffy stahp"
"Still the funniest picture I've seen on the internet."
"Excited Chipmunk"
"this is y i want a hampster!"
"Don't fuck with Cash4Gold."
"I thought it was reasonable."
"This bus stinks."
"Babies deez days just give no respect"
"Excuse me Sir  do you know what time it is?"
"Amazing Photos from the first half of 2012"
"The USS Annapolis surfacing from under ice"
"Stuck in the ice"
"Redditor replaces $2 000 000 000 nuclear submarine's navigation system with an iPhone5 for a measly 2 000 upvotes..."
"Submarine surfacing... on the north pole."
"I really want to take a walk."
"Picard and his magic fingers."
"Next time  give her &quot;the minivan&quot;"
"When you see it..."
"Dude from Twilight"
"Friday nights"
"My ex girlfriend called me when she was drunk this weekend and asked if she could come over to my place and &quot;play video games&quot;..."
"roadkill cat toy. as usual  japanese."
"I see Jake and Finn every time I see this"
"when no one is looking.."
"I like girls because boobs"
"A Touching Tribute"
"NFL Week One GIFs Album [rehost]"
"Me at work all day today."
"Whenever I am asked to come into work earlier than normal"
"You like shrooms? How's about this one?"
"Why not?"
"We've all been there..."
"When the sun smiles  the birds smile back!"
"Double Pareidolia"
"Amazing sunset smile...."
"The moment one of my comments gets even the smallest bit of karma"
"Ye Shall Not Pass!"
"In through the out door"
"The Venus Fly Trap ain't got nothin on the Corporate Human Trap"
"This Is what I would do."
"call of duty logic"
"Obama is puffing before D-DAY!"
"Oh  you know  just chillin'."
"Behold the new logo for the US government"
"Game of the Year 2013"
"Handy-dandy nail tools!"
"r/aww didnt like this little guy  what do you think of the Water Bear?"
"Waterbears (Tardigrades) can sustain being boiled  frozen  dehydrated  radiated and are the only animal to have survived the vacuum of space."
"Google rage"
"I'm seeing a trend..."
"Sadly enough  this is how reddit has been lately..."
"You bastards know who you are."
"Me recently..."
"comments on YouTube"
"This is what happens when your tattoo needle goes in too deep and isn't clean. Enjoy gangrene."
"Twinkle twinkle little...wtf?"
"Just a hardworking Indian."
"&quot;Is this what you think I look like?&quot;"
"Really? I don't fucking look like that."
"When people tell me that Slender is scary..."
"so my 5 year old daughter was drawing our cat"
"When someone disagrees with me on the internet"
"When someone disagrees with me on the internet."
"How I feel on my most successful post being on r/poop"
"Just your average shmoe daddy superman"
"Superman IS real you guys"
"This can't be real..."
"Hold on bro! The cat is right there!"
"The dangers of break dancing with cats."
"Yo dawg I herd you like cranes..."
"Wobble"
"Playground slides recalled"
"Shredded Baby from r/wtf"
"Cringe Now."
"Fucking wasps"
"Get well soon!"
"Balloon for Bambi"
"Thought I could post about religion on reddit."
"Looks like my niece will be sleeping soundly for this trip"
"Easily one of the best reaction gifs I've ever seen"
"Whenever I click a link labeled nsfl"
"when i realized it was my cakeday"
"Ron Swanson without a moustache. Mind blown"
"Nick Offerman (AKA RON SWANSON) - without his signature mustache"
"Lost dawg"
"Lost Dawg  answers to Swaggy Bear"
"Lost my dawg!!! Please help!!!"
"Lost dawg"
"someone lost their dawg"
"Bacon just got serious"
"BACON. [fb]"
"Damn."
"Good comeback."
"I hope this puts a smile on your face  reddit."
"Tell me you love me?"
"You are flawless!"
"You are flawless!"
"Found this in the physics department..."
"Found this in the physics department..."
"My grandpa was a coin collector. He passed away a couple years ago and I just finished one of his collections today."
"&quot;You can't chose to like dick but you can chose to be one&quot;"
"these guys were on my campus today"
"Frank Zappa with his cute derpy cat."
"Frank Zappa agrees we are all a bit derpy  and that's OK."
"Forest moonlight"
"Looks like I'll be playing with my own pokeflute tonight."
"took this picture of a goat and came up with this"
"Haha! Got this off my friend's fb page..."
"I found this to be pretty funny..."
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"You know you're unemployed when finding this is the highlight of your month"
"You know you're unemployed when this seems more attractive than porn"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"You know you're unemployed when you'd rather wake up to this than your wife"
"two full boxes of cereal and no milk"
"365 days after joining this site I present; The genius of reddit"
"Still gets me every time."
"&quot;Does He Look Like A Bitch&quot;?"
"Alright CNN  enough with the puns."
"Definition of Badass"
"Pure comfort"
"He had this coming."
"Spongebob's finally getting what he needs"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Who in the world would paint this"
"Hot babe hitler"
"Russian Roulette"
"I love how old Nick shows would throw in jokes like this for the parents"
"Kangaroo logic"
"All I can say is wow... read the tattoo. Story is he lost both legs and one arm  no source to verify."
"regardless of my take on the war  this pic always gets me..."
"Please  help a hometown hero."
"Brain hurts"
"Instant headache"
"I see your canned cans and raise u.... more cans"
"If there was ever a game that needed a sequel"
"Grace."
"How it feels when I close reddit"
"What it's like closing Reddit"
"Whenever I stop playing Skyrim"
"When I try to get off Reddit"
"So true"
"What I have come to expect out of every Microsoft E3 Conference"
"The sad truth Reddit  the sad truth."
"Fly away friend. Fly away."
"best. walrus. gif. ever."
"Whatever it takes to get in shape"
"how i feel the first day at the gym after a week vacation"
"The Rocky series took a strange turn with number 6"
"Pacino and Walken being candid"
"Just Walken down the street..."
"I know planking is getting old  but this is a pretty good one."
"my view on you people.."
"Epic submarine fight. [1024 x 768]"
"Wholesome family Christmas (NSFW)"
"You know it's serious when London Underground staff write it on the information boards!"
"Oh snap London.."
"You know it!...[Fixed]"
"Every time I watch it  it's just as good as the last."
"stopping thief LIKE A BOSS"
"how to stop a thief"
"Whenever a girl I like talks to me"
"This is just creepy."
"When I hear that my teacher went to a My Morning Jacket concert"
"What the fuck is going at this facility?"
"Scumbag ESPN"
"Scumbag anti-global warming &quot;expert&quot;"
"Scumbag /r/gaming"
"Space Jew #2"
"Scumbag Steve in the 90s"
"Religious Scumbag Steve"
"Scumbag Reddit Atheist"
"Best $50 ever spent..."
"Don't be that guy..."
"The WORST type of person!"
"I want to punch him in the face so bad when he does this"
"What a dick move!"
"Scumbag Steve XBOX"
"i laugh myself to tears every time i see this"
"As a Dachshund owner...Yes  this is very true."
"CTHULHU"
"Whoever thougt of this was a genius."
"Going away to college soon? Don't forget a package of these."
"My life needs more things like this..."
"If looks could kill."
"Emma Watson - a free ticket to endless karma"
"How I feel about Sandy living in the midwest."
"Well Groomed Groom Groping"
"&quot;Don't move  there's a wasp on you!&quot;"
"Socially Awkward Penguin in Class."
"Done This Way Too Many Times...."
"Girls might think I'm just busy  but..."
"Me tonight"
"This happens way too often"
"Everytime I meet someone I used to know"
"I don't deserve any more internets today."
"After fixing a girls computer"
"I didn't get a great sleep last night."
"I hate being woke up at night!"
"My favourite little moment in cinema. The coolness factor of it gets me every time"
"tip toes through the bullet holes."
"How the religious right views abortion"
"How The Religious Right Views Abortion [x-post from r/funny]"
"DID YOU JUST SAY YOLO?!?"
"Louis CK's dream has come to reality!"
"The Truth About Swag"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like hearing..."
"this fucker haunted my childhood"
"Bitch  I own this joint!"
"One of the best jobs"
"This came with the beta of an app I'm testing. P.S. Ninjas are dumb."
"r/gaming didn't appreciate this as much as I did."
"x-post from r/happy: Letter I received for beta-testing an iPhone app and it made me happy. r/gaming what's the coolest peripheral you've gotten from a game?"
"Not a cartoon I would watch"
"Juicy Jess"
"I ran out of Breaking Bad episodes on Netflix"
"Where is the damn camera on this thing?!"
"The Politics of your Beer"
"Can we please be civil with this whole offensive picture issue?"
"Hi I'm Jesus Christ..."
"HI I'M JESUS CHRIST"
"Welcome to Jackass"
"The God of Thunder"
"My mom told me the milk in my cereal had spoiled"
"Higher State of Consciousness"
"I'm  uh  not sure what this cake is celebrating"
"What did you just say?"
"Mom  I think I'm getting a little to old for this..."
"I don't think he likes it..."
"The cat definitely evens out the spider."
"Apple Samsung &amp; Nokia in one picture."
"Smart phones"
"Oppa Halo Style"
"I had to. I'm sorry."
"Am I  really?"
"Be careful who you moon"
"My 8 year old cousin's answer to his math question.."
"Just a chimpanzee chilling with a white tiger. No biggie."
"I'm a waiter  and this is what a customer left me for a tip."
"WTF is this?"
"I'm a cruel person..."
"He just wanted to return your wallet"
"&quot;To all the girls who are in a hurry to have a boyfriend...&quot;"
"A pastor teaching about relationships..."
"Just lazing through these hot summer days..."
"I found racism of every flavour in Colombia"
"Dafuq did I just read?"
"I wonder how many Canadians are around..."
"Classic case of big sibling bullying"
"When an annoying coworker starts telling you about their weekend"
"When my Scumbag Steve roommate tries to make casual conversation with me"
"Can't Wait For London 2012!"
"Diving Derp"
"Divers' faces mid-dive"
"Olympic Derp Faces"
"They could be doing many things  use your imagination. NSFW?"
"Hilarious Pictures of Olympic Divers"
"Whenever a friend of mine steals my penta..."
"Some people...."
"I've never lawl'd more in my life."
"Eating at Taco Bell at a [6]"
"Today's special."
"Not nearly half as impressive as the pictures here  but here's a pic of Mars I took through my telescope shortly before curiosity landed. [711 x 533]"
"Inspired by the deer road sign  I made a .png for a &quot;Ours is the Fury&quot; sticker to slap on the sign. Anyone know where to order it online worldwide? Thanks."
"A full list of everything Hitler has done wrong"
"Walked in on a guy fapping in the bathroom at work. Really wish he wasn't doing it at the urinal..."
"This is probably a riposte but I just wanted to share."
"How i feel while browsing reddit amd imgur decides not to load"
"Just drew a picture of God. Thought you lot might like it."
"Selgas Cano Architectural Office in Madrid"
"My cat hates it when I'm on the computer"
"I see your friend at a liquor store at 9 AM... and raise you my friend on an airplane at 9 AM"
"Our savior still looking great as ever! (r/funny x-post)"
"Nicholas Cage Stars in &quot;DrunkCon Air&quot;"
"How I feel after just now watching The Avengers"
"Hearing Taylor Swift's new song &quot;22&quot; for the first time on my 22nd birthday"
"I finally understand this reference..."
"The awkward Finnish ice hockey handshake"
"White people."
"When white people try to act like black guys"
"white people"
"When I meet a friend I have not seen in a long time"
"Rad SpongeBob shorts... [NSFW/NSFL]"
"While other are going out tonight  I will be spending my Halloween at home playing this for the very first time"
"Wh..Why..?"
"Stumbled upon this on Google Images. Certainly brings new meaning to &quot;Human-Cyborg Relations&quot;"
"Googled wtf and found this!"
"Best app ever"
"Every iPhone should come with this app..."
"He I just met you  and this is crazy. But when you see it  shit brix maybe?"
"Unicorn  Obama  and a pancake."
"Serpent Cat"
"How I feel after drinking coffee for the first time."
"Awesome timing photos"
"Mom  Do I Have Anything In My Teeth?"
"Otter hug"
"I don't want to sound like a badass but..."
"Why"
"How I feel on the first day of my fifth year in college"
"How I feel trying to stay awake for MOP"
"I'd prefer not to be on a plane from the 60's"
"Nightmare at 20 000 Feet - BTW. This is Billy Shatner"
"Seems legit"
"Anything you say.... sir?"
"How I feel watching Jeopardy this week (Kid's week)"
"MRW I realized I could post Snapple Facts as TILs every time I opened one"
"I'ma boop your head!"
"The Beauty of the Universe"
"He Died For Your Shins (FIXED)"
"Just Sean Connery...in a mankini"
"Guard kitty defends his house from all intruders"
"how dinosaurs died"
"This photo cracks me up"
"Well if you say so..."
"Grumpy cat on Cod"
"I haven't laughed this hard in a long time"
"Cynical Cat strikes again."
"Graffiti at it's finest"
"Perfect timing"
"My dad was at an air show and managed to snap this photo of two planes exactly as they passed by each other. Perfect timing."
"My dad snapped this shot at an airshow. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Yup  this will eat your dreams. The Sea Pig"
"How I feel about non-imgur picture links"
"When I'm reading instructions for a DIY project"
"Once..."
"Found this on my pc  i am still laughing!"
"I laughed hard when I saw this"
"Marriage"
"Shut up! I'm playing!"
"It's my turn with the Xbox!"
"If only I had thumbs"
"Great organ donor ad."
"So true.."
"...starring Whiskers the Cat as TheKnightsof/new [xpost from r/pics]"
"'Cat' uses Scratch! It's not very effective!"
"My favorite kind of bromance"
"Family Guy classic"
"Roommate walks in while I'm looking at this picture and says this:"
"Am I Turtley Enough for the Turtle Club?"
"Killer baby"
"The saddest picture on the internet."
"Saddest moment in television."
"It's my Reddit birthday and I'll cry if I want to"
"I think we now know who is the more intelligent sex is"
"Oh  you hate your job?"
"The ThrowYo"
"FINALLY!!!"
"TDKR's Tom Hardy (Bane) has some major tan lines..."
"Not sure how to celebrate my cakeday..."
"So it's my cakeday..."
"My mom just gave me 50 dollars...for origin......"
"HAPPY 9/11 EVERYONE!"
"My cakeday in one GIF"
"DO A BARREL ROLL!"
"BARREL ROLL!(xpost from r/funny)"
"So this is what the end of life looks like..."
"Don't piss off a turtle."
"Inappropriate sticker placement."
"Kathy Griffin without makeup"
"Close call"
"01 Call Missed"
"Karma at its finest."
"How many confused men have they turned away?"
"It’s no coincidence that this was one of the first businesses to reopen in NJ"
"Fail.."
"What I got for Christmas this year..."
"As a minority: The good thing about living in Alabama [FIXED]"
"Whenever I accidentally stand on a snail"
"My friend's face when I threw his Bible in the trashcan after converting him after a 2 hour struggle"
"When I see a hunk of eridium fly off of a cliff from an enemy I just killed in Borderlands 2"
"Friend took snap at jog falls  Karnataka  India"
"This childhood cartoon never seems to get enough love"
"This will always be one of my favorite internet pictures"
"Riding the elevator with Dad..."
"Unlike Rose  Snorlax can learn Surf..."
"now this is a good prank  but imagine doing this with lobsters"
"May i have this dance?"
"Nightbearing"
"I thought this fit."
"A dog sleeps on his owners gravestone  this is true love."
"True love."
"Accidentally reposted something which then got upvoted [fixed]"
"as a junior  I'd like to say this is quite true."
"The Four Phases of College"
"I AM LEG"
"I am leg."
"I am Leg (x-post from WTF)"
"I Am Leg"
"If you had a portal gun  would you...?"
"First thing I'd do with a portal gun [FIXED]"
"Like you wouldn't"
"So fucking stupid!"
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"how i feel when im at the top of the leader boards"
"when I subtly come out to my family"
"My answer when girls complain about their relationships [GIF]"
"When my friends call me gay for going to dance class Friday night instead of bar-hopping."
"#2 - The Double Tap"
"Would you eat here?"
"Wheel of Morality turn  turn  turn..."
"The first show that became serious as a child."
"Should have got a room"
"this guy deserves medal"
"Tape"
"The Next time you see people making out anywhere do this."
"No PDA!!"
"Forever"
"Scary duck face mannequin..."
"So fucking tired of girls making the duck face."
"The ultimate duck face (xpost from r/wtf)"
"Sailing Level"
"But  I have a boogie"
"A Sugar Glider dream-boxing"
"I got MAD SKILLS!!"
"Toy Yoda"
"Seems like everytime someone waves at me"
"How I feel saying hi to acquaintances at parties"
"Trying To Find Victorias Secret"
"Dad taught him well!"
"As a male who just read the 50 Shades of Gray..."
"We all should."
"After figuring out what Reddit likes..."
"After not being able to max all the settings in Farcry 3"
"Everytime I watch &quot;it's Always Sunny in Philidelphia&quot;"
"Cooking level: college student"
"So school just started."
"what yall doin here"
"Bill Murray is just everywhere"
"Handed to me today in the drive thru.."
"BILL Fucking Murray"
"HEY! Listen!"
"Hey  Listen!... OH GOD - Imgur"
"Most annoying person in Skyrim (xpost from r/gaming)"
"I see all these posts about Pocket Whales and other small animals  but what about House Hippos?"
"Future Pocket Whales and Lap Giraffes sound awesome  but you should know Canadians have had House Hippos for over a decade."
"Screw your pocket whales and lap giraffes. I still want a house hippo."
"You can have your lap giraffe  while I'll be waiting for my house hippo"
"After a few drink everyone is hot"
"Coke is one hell of a drug [FIXED]"
"Within the Wave"
"Inside a Wave"
"It's a luchador  on a motorcycle  at a protest  being fired on by riot police  in real life."
"I could watch this all day."
"There's something special about this gif."
"Rain"
"I found this surprisingly fitting"
"Cinematograph"
"Classic Gif Made Better with the Sound of Rain"
"Stephen Fry Being Awesome"
"What does love feel like?"
"This is a repost."
"Happy Dinosaurs!"
"My baby lacks personality and an active lifestyle... what to do?"
"Some awesome and inappropriate old ads."
"A member of the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition plays the bagpipes for an indifferent penguin  1904."
"Unicorn strikes."
"Why I love Cyanide and Happiness."
"Jesus disproved???"
"Jesus disproved?!?!?"
"This cat has clearly had enough......"
"When someone convinces you to drink tequila after a long night of beer."
"Mike's Hard Lemonade? That shit's for puss.... oh god!"
"NSFL - You mess with the bull......"
"That's going to leave a mark (NSFL-ish)"
"Maps..."
"I have a new iPhone  and I agree."
"How I feel when my crush gchats: “BRB”"
"Meet the Cutest Cross-Eyed Cat Alive"
"my friend who delivers pizza gave this to a girl he had a crush on.. they are a happy couple now"
"Is this too &quot;cheesy&quot;?"
"Superhero Math."
"How to become a super hero"
"The original said Man - Heart = Iron Man. I like this one better."
"How I feel about religious views"
"Womp Womp."
"Skrillex Bee"
"Skrillex dancing (enhanced video)"
"Skrillex vs. The Dubstep Bee"
"dropping the bass"
"Why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"Spent 6+ hours at the library today  I want to go home  do this  and immediately fall into bed."
"I heard its cold/rainy in the UK and they want ice cream cones  here's the solution"
"This is seriously the best idea ever."
"For anyone who knows something about Irish history"
"obi-juan"
"The force es muy fuerte con este..."
"First photo from the set of Iron Man 3."
"First official set photo from Iron Man 3 (x-post from r/movies)"
"SPOILER ALERT: After re-watching The Avengers last night  this released still from Iron Man 3 get's me pretty excited."
"Karma Whores..."
"How my girlfriend expects me to react when I get hit on."
"The Diablo 3 server's reaction to me trying to play at release"
"Eagle Nebula: It's 9.5 light-years or about 90 trillion kilometres high  about twice the distance from our Sun to the next nearest star."
"How my military school is preparing for Sandy."
"A Cadet at my school heard Sandy was on her way"
"My school today"
"Meanwhile in Britain: Wreckage and his Dinosaur"
"Tron Vader"
"In case of fire:"
"Seems legit."
"Palestine"
"Israel vs. Palestine"
"This is why I don't go outside."
"Ages 5 and up huh?"
"kitty gone postal"
"Can You Draw This Ship?"
"For anyone having a bad day...take this in."
"Coexist. A special image that will most likely not be seen by many due to the mainstream medias alternate motives."
"What it is in the super exclusive reddit gold subreddit."
"The smallest penis on earth."
"Come a little closer..."
"When people disagree with what I say online."
"Things to say during sex"
"Damn Atheists..."
"El Internet"
"So I got this card from a coworker when I left my company today."
"So I bought this card for a piece of shit lazy coworker today."
"the card a coworker gave me when i left my company today"
"Dear NASA: Please take lots of very high-quality photos of Space Shuttle Atlantis  and Space Shuttle Discovery  and Space Shuttle Endeavour parked together -- like Lockheed Martin did for the USAF SR-71 Blackbirds seen in this picture -- before you send the shuttles to their new homes. Thank you."
"11 x SR-71 Blackbirds"
"Nothing to see here  please kindly move along."
"To this day  I've no clue what this gif means"
"The Longest  Weirdest  Most Complex Gif I Have Ever Seen"
"Adventures of Styrofoam Man."
"Mad World."
"It doesn't end"
"Googled 'Reddit in a .gif'. Found this. I have no idea."
"The way of the world"
"What..."
"He's there but he's not"
"Dinkleberg"
"Dinkleberg...."
"Dinkleberg"
"Keep calm and"
"Classic /r/wtf"
"The hero Gotham deserves."
"Batman... Apparently..."
"Mind-blowing artwork"
"Separate lines"
"The concept of Santa"
"And the Stocking was hung by the Chimney with care...."
"Getting through Fathers Day without a surprise from the GF"
"Showing up late and my boss/teacher has the day off."
"When you buy a toy for your cat and she plays with it"
"Watching your post climb to the front page"
"When someone  other than me  insults my family"
"Upmoat."
"My face when I noticed it was my cake day"
"Russian ac"
"I miss watching this guy..."
"He's a little possessive."
"Don't touch the dog"
"When I get paid  but 4/5ths go to bills"
"thats a cool hair cut!"
"Arrested During a Haircut"
"Poor David Davis."
"Do the White People!"
"White people."
"Best i can do"
"Billy  come back here!"
"A serious issue."
"Found this gem in the top of all time of r/funny"
"FUCK"
"Smile!"
"/aww didn't like my dog. Maybe WTF will show some love."
"Apple in 10 years..."
"Apple in 10 years [FIXED]"
"The sun don't set bitch I just get hungry at dusk"
"Contracters heaven: Shanghai 1990 - 2010"
"Absolutely Amazing"
"Shanghai: 1990 - 2010 [800x955]"
"Midget Wrestling"
"What's that thing called coming up the east coast?"
"Disco."
"Hardcore."
"This might be the new &quot;_____ theme goes with everything&quot; song."
"scared pup"
"Poor guy wouldn't let go."
"Please don't leave me here alone!"
"I'd be pretty damn afraid at the vets too!"
"Please take me home"
"Thanks Tree"
"Rage-o-meter"
"Best. Screensaver. Ever."
"Every damn time."
"Seemed fine at first  then I read it. Google can be a bastard..."
"Canadian Football Halftime"
"Canadian Football Half Time [Xpost/r/Canada]"
"Canadian Football Halftime"
"Canadian Football Halftime (xpost r/Canada)"
"No."
"Happy Valentines r/Gaming!"
"MFW"
"Scumbag kid"
"When the first vote is a downvote"
"Girl Dancing In Pyjamas (gif)"
"Do a lil' dance..."
"Wii-U commercial alerted me to this gem."
"Girl &quot;dancing&quot; in pyjamas"
"Am I the only one who does this when I'm alone?"
"Every time I got to Tyson in Punch Out...."
"Space shark"
"Who calibrated this shit?!"
"At least they give us a fair warning this time"
"I present to thee  the most useful .gif on the internet."
"Is this considered child molestation if this chick gets titty fucked?"
"Resting tiger in Bali"
"Tiger philosophizing about life"
"Wisdom of the Llama"
"The Truffle Shuffle [fixed]"
"I never dance because I look like this."
"This was fated to happen. I'm just the cosmos' instrument."
"A true woman's man"
"LOLOLOL"
"This popped up on Facebook. I haven't seen it on r/atheism yet so i'm just gonna leave this right here."
"When my friends have no karma"
"Would you buy one?"
"Dedicated clothing store employee"
"America - We'll kill you in your sleep on Christmas"
"Trinity Library in Dublin"
"OH HIIIIII!!!!!!!!"
"Vego the Purrable"
"Vego the Purrable"
"Welcome to Fractal Beach"
"BRING ON THE SPIDERS!!! I am prepared..."
"SO am i."
"Big Fan"
"How I Feel About Steam Summer Sale [X-Post r/pics]"
"Just about to lift off"
"Every twenty minutes..."
"Stevie from Malcolm in the Middle"
"360 tea bag"
"We're all fucked now."
"Amazing natural light effect"
"how to fix just about anything"
"bat-cat"
"Did someone call Bat Cat?"
"The Hero Reddit Needs and probably wants"
"It's Batcat!"
"Hammock Boat"
"Portable Atrocities!"
"This woman is a bad example  to say the least."
"This woman is a bad example  to say the least!"
"What a Fucking Bitch"
"OMG! Wait for it..."
"If only my state would advertise like this!"
"From the r/Baltimore local meetup pictures...NSFW"
"Look at his deep blue eyes!"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"9:03 am"
"Welp! Guess I'm off! It's time to go."
"I laugh every fucking time I see this shit"
"It's [8] o'clock"
"How r/Trees feels about reposts"
"Reddit and Reposts nowadays (ironic repost)"
"How r/Trees reacts to Reposts"
"HURRR"
"I hope I'm not the only one who finds this ad creepy..."
"It's scientific!"
"Little Husky"
"I'm not fat...."
"How I imagine celebrities see most of the fans they meet..."
"Baby Cthulhu"
"So high?"
"For Oprah"
"Brainwashing (xpost)"
"Panther spots."
"Train in India"
"guess who"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"dfsdfsdf"
"Red tide of the Faroe Islands."
"Tourism"
"At least he's not pretending to hold it up."
"Dirty mouth?"
"Not a national tragedy but still"
"'For Cats Only'"
"For those of you with a few free minutes who are wondering how a sewing machine works"
"Mutant pig"
"The effects of inbreeding in animals"
"This is something I plan to never attempt..."
"My biggest fear. NSFL"
"Clouds over Rio"
"What people call (soda/pop/coke) by U.S. county. Simultaneously the most useless and most interesting graph EVER."
"My favorite Red vs Blue map of the US"
"Here's how the Polling is looking"
"Sudanese soldier"
"It's Douche Bags like this that give sports fans a bad name. We have to  literally  PAY for stuff like this."
"Why riot when your team WINS the World Series? Disgraceful..."
"How NOT to be a Giants fan. Please help to identify this giant douche!"
"Giants win the world series..."
"How NOT to be a sports fan."
"One kitten one cup"
"&quot;Then die&quot;"
"Act cool."
"Say what street?"
"I just got this in an e-mail from my dad  who is apparently going senile"
"North Korea Breaks News of Kim Jong Il’s Death"
"Hey Mr. Kitty  you know what time it is"
"Never let a cat get hold of the red dot"
"When a chick you previously didn't notice accidentally exposes her thong"
"Reactions to r/gonewild"
"Class distinctions."
"How I feel when I get paid before my friends"
"Oh  Queen Elizabeth  you're so silly"
"When a comment on your link gets more votes then your link."
"When I decide to stop going easy on my daughter on Mario Kart and she still beats me"
"Misty Mountain Meadow"
"It's a bird  it's a plane  it's both?"
"Chasing the dream"
"It's not a bird  it's not a plane"
"Best Trivial Pursuit question ever?"
"Trivia Pursuit is... hard"
"This guy is pretty photogenic"
"A giant bat captured by the Peruvian Army"
"About those dragons..."
"Dragons exist. Okay ???"
"Science v Religion"
"I hope more people start to use their flashlights"
"We need more of this"
"I give you the mona diesel"
"Still one of my favorite images on the Internet."
"The Mona Diesel"
"The Mona Diesel"
"The Hypnotic Evolution of Michael Jackson"
"Barack Obama's head carved out of a pencil point [pic]"
"Obama carved out of the point of a pencil."
"When my brother admitted he's gay to our family but I knew it all along"
"Love lion king hate cell phones"
"You know you wanna do this.."
"think of the first people that will be able to afford them too"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"all day erryday"
"The best from /r/skyporn."
"Sky Diver - Northamptonshire  England"
"First!"
"Forever alone"
"Greatest bike ever"
"Oh deer..."
"The Incredible Hulk vs Theists"
"The London Look"
"Human mode  engage."
"and this is THRILLER!!"
"Cat Logic"
"Sorry"
"Seats taken.."
"MFW I download a taco."
"Whenever I browse r/foodporn"
"HIFW a post that has a lot of upvotes gets downvoted."
"My Halloween Costume"
"My Cake Day Critter Post &lt;3"
"My kitty likes to play dressup (:"
"Comments I expect on all of my posts."
"Team Rocket from the hood"
"Team Ratchet's blasting off AGAIN!"
":O"
"&quot;Ooh  this smells nice. I think I'll just stick my head- UGLUGLUGLUG.&quot;"
"What a stupid bird..."
"&quot;aaaaw it feels sooo good&quot;"
"Chocolate? Chocoshchsmmm"
"Kitty high five"
"Commence Pants-Shitting [gif]"
"Italicize this."
"Man`s best friend"
"Sup? Just Hangin"
"Funny because it's true"
"If Tetris has taught me one thing..."
"Assassin Time"
"As a person with Galeophobia  this is how I feel towards post about Shark Week"
"Multi-Tasking Staircase"
"Multi-Tasking Staircase [Xpost from r/pics] [720x518]"
"Dream staircase with multiple drawers (Cross-post from /r/pics) [720x518]"
"My favorite face-swap."
"How i feel reposting without knowing it"
"Proportionate use of force."
"Bad Girls  Bad Girls  what'cha gonna do?"
"Guangxi Province  China [1800x1199]"
"China is unbelievably beautiful"
"Scooby-Don't"
"Scooby Don't!"
"How I feel when I hear a noise in the middle of the night"
"How I feel everyday at work."
"What it feels like to use Reddit search..."
"How I feel talking to fundies"
"what it feels like to see a nonquestion on r/askreddit"
"People on Google today"
"Zen and Meow"
"3 tiny hedgehog"
"The origin of seems Legit (FIXED)"
"The origin of seems Legit (FIXED) (FIXED)"
"Sloth"
"#OccupyAmerica1920"
"Prohibition Rally"
"Prophet Muhammad says............."
"I miss summer already..."
"The Dark Knight Rises Ending- *SPOLIER ALERT*"
"Going to the bathroom after a roadtrip"
"Dark Knight Rises ending (spoiler)"
"Actual Batman soundtrack!"
"How the Dark Knight Rises should of ended."
"Arctic Foxes... easily the cutest of the fox community"
"OMFGfoxes"
"I stumbled upon 4chan today"
"When my roommate takes a huge dump and doesn't flush"
"Every time I see a Lexus commercial"
"Whenever a lexus commercial comes on"
"Now where did I put that pocket"
"Whenever I try finding the seal on the processed cheese wrapper."
"A Squadron of US Navy Douglas SBD Dive Bombers over the Pacific [1280x1023]"
"Pool With A View"
"Quite Simply: Yes."
"YES SIXTY FOUR"
"Fuck catapults  we need ninja wizards"
"When people show me stuff from 9gag.."
"How I feel browsing r/athiesm"
"How I feel working in IT when someone tells me something isn't working"
"Dude  I'm so warm."
"Don't mind me..."
"definition of giving zero fucks"
"Middle finger to the law"
"I'll follow that Panda in the mall  in the mall."
"Best. Typo. Ever."
"A typo being rude..."
"look ma! I'm being an idiot!"
"Drop it  Drop it lo.. Oh sh*t!"
"That button makes the dog freak out"
"You Wanna Hear My New Pick Up Line?"
"Freddie Mercury's awesome cat vest"
"A picture of Stan Lee I found on wikipedia. Just thought I would share it."
"Stan Lee in 1973"
"Those pictures that blew your minds? Try DnD. (Xpost from r/rpg Top)"
"How to get a man to wash his hands"
"How I feel after the first week of classes"
"Just THE INTERNET"
"This just works."
"A classmate of mine told me to look this up. Reddit  I give you the camel spider."
"Meanwhile  In Florida..."
"It's clear who Shell Mobile wants to win the election..."
"Instagram in the old days"
"If Jupiter was the same distance away from Earth as the Moon is"
"If Jupiter was the same distance from the Earth as the Moon [X-post from r/pics]"
"If Jupiter were as close to Earth as the moon (x-post from r/pics) [1024x768]"
"Getting old."
"I shall give only one fuck."
"Bill O'Reilly has zero fucks to give."
"You tell that wave it's fired"
"I brought some donuts to work today...this is how I felt"
"Sexy kitteh"
"Cats can be models too..."
"&quot;kittyman&quot;"
"So I seen this sexy guy"
"A redditor's dream man"
"Hottie with a body"
"Ladies  look at your cat. Now back to me."
"she's been workin' out"
"I'm coming ... dear dog"
"Makes me cringe."
"soon.."
"Soon......"
"Soon"
"When your friends try to show you something funny from the internet but you've already seen it on reddit."
"Mmm hmm. Tell me about it  girl."
"Nothing happened  nothing at all....Just swimming."
"A bright torch illuminates a freezing snow tunnel in Russia"
"David Blaine  magician extraordinaire"
"That's going to suck to get off."
"How I feel when I try to get upvotes in a popular subreddit."
"&quot;Does this make me gay?&quot;"
"Just so I don't look like and idiot..."
"Oh well since it was on the counter for two days thats ok..."
"I don't care how unsafe this is"
"Hello Mr. Bear"
"Waving bear says  &quot;Hello there Reddit!!!&quot;"
"Motives of Batman villians"
"Arch Enemies"
"Why can't they just get along?"
"When my teacher advances the slide too early in the powerpoint"
"When my teacher lectures too fast"
"When my teacher lectures too fast."
"What 90% of /r/gaming looks like right now."
"How I feel with slow internet."
"how i feel over hearing people's arguments and everyone is extremely wrong"
"Good thing I was always busy when reddit was down"
"Hartford police hard at work"
"Heritage flight over Manhattan: P-51 Mustang  F-16 Fighting Falcon  A-10 Thunderbolt II  F-15 Eagle"
"NYC Flyover - F-16  F-15  P-51  A-10"
"First I was like...but then I was like.[Fixed]"
"This still makes me crack up every time I see it..."
"How I act when I try flirting with a girl"
"Post a bad comment  banned? No"
"The tiniest kitty with the biggest eyes"
"The perfect Halloween cat"
"Go big or go home."
"Go big or go home."
"Feel the love!"
"Bill Cosby  everybody!"
"Peek-a-boo!"
"belly deep"
"Reddit 1952"
"Me and some of my female redditor friends out for a stroll!"
"Reddit meetup of 1964"
"One Shall Stand... One Shall Fall!"
"President Obama meets Mitt Romney's grandson"
"Awesome beach sunset"
"Surreal Beach"
"FUCKING REPOSTS!"
"Things that people that hate reposts also hate"
"How to Spot a Criminal"
"HEHEUHEHAHEAHUEH"
"Any time a girl talks to me in real life"
"MFW My friend gets rejected by the same girl I just got rejected by  not five minutes earlier."
"This will be people's reaction in the future when finding a twinkie"
"Why you never put nuclear hot sauce on thai food"
"I need your help naming our future puppy!"
"When I realized reddit would be down for most of my cakeday..."
"TIL that dogs drink with the underside of their tongue"
"So that's how it's done..."
"surrounded by chicks"
"Meanwhile in Japan"
"You Are The Universe Experiencing Itself"
"Isn't it enough?"
"Makes Me Think [Pic]"
"Neil Patrick Harris and Stephen Colbert"
"Hey Reddit  check out who I met today!"
"In case you were wondering..."
"Beans."
"A message to out agnostic friends lurking in r/atheism"
"I'm telling you  there are only two pools."
"This picture was taken this morning  the sign said 'spine' yesterday. ಠ_ಠ"
"Emma Stone Bodysuit (B&amp;W)"
"Every r/politics submission  without fail..."
"Almost Made It...."
"Posting to reddit..."
"I feel kinda bad for my kids"
"Faith in humanity restored.."
"Wide Load"
"How the hell has he not crashed yet?!"
"Friends  at last."
"this IS the best GIF of all time"
"African Truffle Shuffle"
"African Truffle Shuffle"
"How I feel everytime I try and catch up with reddit."
"Don't do it little rabbits"
"same pose 18 years later... but..."
"This isn't right."
"Family portrait... 18 years apart"
"The Inside of a Human Hand (NSFL)"
"TIL Hendo kisses glove before delivering forearm to Bisping  Class. [GIF]"
"Me clicking a link with a funny title  but terrible content."
"May I have this dance?"
"All hail our Deer leader"
"But I am afraid of spiders."
"Seasons Greetings!"
"Season's Greetings!"
"This is what my Christmas cards will be this year. Anyone know the origin of this picture?"
"Was going through old photos on my phone... Found this. I'm totally sending these to friends and family this year."
"Season's Greetings"
"Seasons Greetings"
"I guess it's that time of year again"
"Season's Greetings"
"Season's greetings!"
"What do smart girls get?"
"Rawr."
"Feeling lucky  punk?"
"Don't you just love when people get owned on Facebook?"
"Which came first?"
"An Albino tiger  Black &amp; White  Golden and Bengal tiger all posing together "
"Nyan Kitten"
"Believe it when I see it  Nintendo."
"Purple Ass"
"Carl on Duty"
"Saw this picture on Facebook  and it scared the ever living hell out of me....I'm a terrible person  right?"
"Sponsored condoms"
"Here's something I didn't know about Nature."
"Bears these days..."
"Putin on the Ritz"
"This is seriously out of fucking control [fixed]"
"This is seriously out of fucking control [FIXED]"
"This is seriously out of fucking control. [Fixed]"
"No  THIS is seriously out of fucking control"
"This is seriously out of control [FIXED]"
"This is seriously out of fucking control. [FIXED]"
"Spoons  how do they work?"
"Does anyone else remember this classic?"
"Would anyone care to reminisce over this absolute gaming gem?"
"The whole family"
"OH SHHHIIIII... [GIF]"
"I relate to this when I'm asked to lead a statistics study group."
"Just a little turbulence  folks."
"Take It Easy Folks"
"Going into the bathroom at the dive bar around 3am"
"Your shoe is chewy and tastes like food."
"I was photographing dogs for the humane society and out of no where  a dog attacked me"
"I was photographing dogs for the humane society and out of no where  a dog attacked me"
"The most effective home security system on the market"
"Whole lotta NOPE."
"Well  fuck you too!"
"Always makes me laugh"
"Trying to teach something to stupid people"
"The lid."
"The lid."
"Sculpture &quot;Expansion&quot;  looks awesome."
"Light from within"
"Resisting arrest"
"I swear that evidence was RIGHT there like 5 seconds ago!"
"Man Eats Evidence To Avoid Arrest!"
"Monk praying for a man who randomly died at a train station"
"A monk praying for a man who died suddenly while waiting for a train in China"
"Does anybody know where this comes from?"
"Like a Dino-sir"
"I wouldn't want to change the diaper after this."
"A fine fucking summary"
"In honor of labor day  dress for the job you want..Not the job you have"
"Searched Google for &quot;unconventional wedding photo&quot;"
"Let's get this party started they said"
"Still better aim than NYPD"
"You never saw any bystanders get winged on the Death Star"
"Male-Dominated Culture"
"What I think of when everyone say's women are objects under sharia law"
"I've never seen a picture that describes Reddit more."
"Ohh stupid cows"
"lets have a garden party.."
"Partyy"
"Where wolf? there wolf!"
"The past and future of flight"
"Got Milk?"
"Fact is  you can't trust a woman with figurines of cats."
"WTF Milk?"
"...at least they have a hobby?"
"Here  have some milk."
"I cannot imagine the conversation leading up to this situation."
"Using imgur link generators is very... interesting."
"I...I just don't know."
"Nazi milk girl."
"I don't even know..."
"What is the temperature of a Tauntaun?"
"After taking a look at r/picsofdeadkids..."
"Finn and Jake! Ghibli style"
"Totoro Time!"
"House of Pancake"
"House of Pancake"
"How I feel handing in my 2 weeks at mcdonald's after 3 years of working there"
"Need a .gif to upvote  why not Zoidberg?"
"Tip and trick when it has to be done."
"When they aren't looking."
"When all else fails..."
"Self Defense"
"Marty McFly's fighting technic"
"How NOT to ride a motorcycle"
"Happens to me all the time in the toilet"
"Oh YouTube"
"House by the water"
"How I feel as a Canadian (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Hole In One... WTF -nsfw"
"butt butt golf... (NSFW!!!)"
"Hole in one! [NSFW]"
"Badass Aussie cowboys."
"Airsheep"
"Badass Aussie"
"I thought reddit would appreciate this"
"A nice time  huh?"
"London in 1949"
"Bringing you the party"
"For my cake day  I give you my favorite GIF"
"Bringing the party to you."
"anon turns alpha"
"i know it's old but this is the hardest i ever laughed at a gif"
"Have we all seen this yet? We've all seen this  right?"
"When I realize I've been studying for the wrong final."
"What dogs everywhere are thinking about right now"
"The result of horse incest [fixed]"
"MFW I see my inbox orangered."
"wait...girls poop too??"
"Creeper Colbert"
"Reddit after the landing on Mars was confirmed"
"The first time I saw the valve logo"
"Payback time"
"Hilarious cartoon about jesus (may his name and memory be obliterated)"
"Delorean time machines are for predicting baseball champions"
"Guy builds DeLorean hovercraft to float outside of the stadium for the World Series. Wins Halloween. Cross post r/sanfrancisco"
"Okay  Doc"
"Okay  Doc."
"The Perfect Storm"
"Not Photoshopped."
"The eye of the storm reaches New York (fb)"
"Hurricane Mr. Mittens"
"Fake (but awesome)"
"You are being monitored"
"Hi there!"
"Mallard?"
"Stairway to heaven."
"Do your dance  do your dance"
"Keep punk rock fresh!"
"Will and Jazz going hard."
"Will and Jazz going hard."
"Takes being slapped to a whole new level"
"Beard Slap!"
"Beard Slap"
"Favorite Gif and I have no idea how they did it"
"Beard Slap"
"Brilliant runway design"
"Airport in Gibraltar."
"So I saw this pic of a runway/street on facebook. Thought I would share"
"Mom  please!"
"Cute Kitten Sleeping"
"How parents think of us"
"Cuteness overload"
"I do not care that this is a repost  if I could watch this all day  I would."
"Don't smile  or your face will crack..."
"My heart melts seeing this.."
"When my one year old daughter crawls into my bed on my day off to wake me up..."
"D'AWWWW"
"When I give my opinion on reddit..."
"Determination"
"One more kiss before he goes."
"My new cats first bath. She is not pleased."
"The mysterious underwater caves of the Bahamas"
"Katt Williams on YOLO."
"Girlfriend Prospect Plot Graph - Imgur"
"I almost dropped my weight in the gym when these two came in this afternoon..."
"So what type of Gym is this exactly?"
"if only real gyms were like this  i would be there everyday"
"My reaction to many Philosoraptor posts"
"every time you look at your bank account"
"Ugh  I have to use the human again"
"Help me Human!"
"Human  help me."
"Animal cascade"
"How to offend every kind of nerd with one picture."
"Use the force."
"best magneto quote ever"
"Was looking for the Morpheus Meme in Google Images when this showed up:"
"I googled 'how to offend reddit'  and found this."
"Story of my Mario Kart life [FIXED]"
"My brand!"
"My brand! [x-post from r/funny]"
"Dammit Stella!"
"Fuck you Stella"
"Tl;dr"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Look at this guy!"
"Dutch flowers."
"Tulips in Holland"
"The descent into madness."
"I don't even..."
"roomates"
"Every morning (AVP)"
"&quot;When I was 5 years old  my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school  they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment  and I told them they didn't understand life.&quot; - John Lennon"
"They must have cut this out of the original version"
"Pretty Creative Haircut"
"Don't fear the reaper."
"Skills of a cat"
"Kneading massage"
"Gonna make it  gonna make it...is that cake?"
"Maybe another Racist joke..........but oh well!"
"I got cake today!"
"Childhood Grammar Nazi"
"50 Shades of Grey Effect - They're all the same fucking shade!"
"Stool sample"
"A tribute."
"Meanwhile in South Korea..."
"Tensions mount between China &amp; Japan over Diaoyu Islands. Meanwhile  in South Korea..."
"Tensions mount between China &amp; Japan over Diaoyu Islands. Meanwhile  in South Korea... (x/post from gifs)"
"Religion is the way to go... [Pic]"
"The Reason I love living in Norway. Atheism."
"The most epic gif ever made?"
"Farther than we've ever been before."
"All those planets and stars and shit"
"A Journey Through the Observable Universe. (Be patient  it is an 18.1 mb gif  but its worth it.)"
"CUTE TEEN HAS SEX FOR THE FIRST TIME"
"The World Reflected"
"Tunnel Vision"
"When your phone rings on the toilet.."
"Walking on water (xpost from r/coffeewithjesus)"
"Jesus on Foreskin"
"&quot;The Milk Man&quot;"
"&quot;The Milk Man&quot; [X-Post from r/funny]"
"NO! no no no no NO!"
"When you see it..."
"Ramp Truck"
"Can this possibly be real?"
"Darwin award!"
"what goes up must come down"
"Too Damn High"
"How I feel being a short guy in a public bathroom"
"Every company I have ever worked at.."
"Its finally short shorts and yoga pants season"
"My reaction to Jerry Sandusky verdict"
"How I feel when I come home to my two lesbian roommates wearing bikinis and splashing each other in a kiddie pool"
"when I came across my sister on r/gonewild [fixed]"
"When a bidding war occurs on my eBay auctions ..."
"MFW i use the coinstar at kroger"
"My reaction upon seeing any picture of McKayla on the frontpage"
"When someone kills the people raiding your base"
"It just gets funnier."
"Yes  let your hate flow"
"Me when my comment sparks an argument."
"As an Obama supporter  my reaction while watching the secret Mitt Romney fundraiser video:"
"when I submit a post and keep refreshing the page to watch the upvotes rise."
"Jack Nicholson Does the Creep"
"Me  watching the progress of upvotes on my recent post."
".....Science?"
"KKK toddler and black state trooper"
"That right there is my kind of cop."
"KKK toddler and a black state trooper"
"Aww  look at that cute little Halloween Ghost."
"Whale whale whale"
"Repost"
"Well  well  well..."
"I can't sleep Eddy."
"Clicked &quot;Random&quot; on Imgur.com  Not Disappointed"
"Check out the size of his caulk"
"Check out the size pf his caulk."
"Check out the size of his caulk (xpost from r/itookapicture)"
"What would these talk about if they met?"
"I want this read at my funeral"
"Someone posted this somewhere MUCH less relevant. His loss shall be my gain!"
"Seems a bit more comforting than the magical wizard in the sky displacing your soul."
"This is me"
"Everyone on Google Today....."
"Lunch is served..."
"Finally! I am SO tired of picking the bones out of my pig ass!"
"Found out my co-workers last name was Badcock."
"That one upvote after all the downs"
"How I feel so far  being new to Reddit"
"Fire away!"
"Swish!"
"It's my cakeday  give me karma for my repost"
"Dawwwwww!"
"Screw this  I'm outta here!"
"Fuck this shit."
"NOPE!"
"Screw you guys I'm going home..."
"Rustled Jimmies"
"When there is no food at a seminar."
"Popped up on my news feed. Thought r/WTF would like this more than r/facepalm."
"Pikachu! I choose yo... uh.. wait a sec.."
"I choose you Kitty!"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Squirtles"
"Troll in the making"
"Huge parenting fail (GIF)"
"Huge parenting fail"
"Whoops"
"when the IRS informed me that my refund check would arrive an extra 4-6 weeks later than the promised date..."
"Dinosaur Party"
"Words escape me. NSFW"
"Girls confess the worst day of their lives on a bathroom stall"
"In a girls' bathroom stall at my university  girls have written about some of their most horrifying life experiences. This week  someone replied."
"So  we found this chinchilla."
"Ant rainbow"
"Nothing to see here...literally"
"Suddenly  white people."
"I thought I knew where this gif was going... What?"
"I changed the album art of my sisters favorite album on her laptop."
"Shhh. . ."
"Eat this!"
"Oldie but goodie"
"No Barney  Don't Do It!"
"Well today i noticed i used to use penises as smiley faces as a young teen =D"
"When people ask me if I'm single"
"Choo choo motherfuckers  here comes the rape train."
"Just another day in the life of an atheist [x-post from r/wtf]"
"Odd one out"
"The greatest chips ever made"
"Breathtaking"
"Breathtaking"
"'Mighty Eagle' Lander Takes 100-Foot Free Flight"
"Bought a new laptop  I know what the first thing I'm uninstalling is..."
"Since when did Microsoft start doing this... (x-post r/geek  u/Mr_Cj)"
"[FB] Are you fucking kidding me."
"Saw this on Facebook  this 'sharing' thing has gotten out of hand"
"Really  Facebook..?"
"So THIS just came up on my facebook feed..."
"Fun for the whole Family!"
"Got your tongue"
"Illustrated Neil deGrasse Tyson Quote"
"I have been looking for this for a while! I saw it on FB and my friend told me its from here which is why I joined in the first place. It really linked a lot of my ideas about how I believe the universe works after I first started dropping my religion 4 years ago as a senior in high school"
"You know  there are reasons why the lines are drawn."
"Old Spice Guy approves"
"Me whenever my soon to be father-in-law says something I know is clearly incorrect"
"dude what the fuck!!! [nsfw]"
"There's things worse than walking in on your son masturbating"
"my goal"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haters Gunna Hate"
"Haters. Gonna. Hate."
"Derp nerp herp"
"SWAG"
"Meanwhile  in Steam's server room..."
"Finally found a gem"
"Le gem LOL"
"None of that will bring daddy back."
"iPhone 5 Concept  Slider Idea"
"How I feel Watching my friend ( A brand new redditor) reach the front page"
"Google+ being cute"
"Cozy night in takes an unexpected turn"
"Directed by M. Night Shyamalan"
"Mitt Romney"
"Petting a baby bat"
"No! Stop touching me! I AM THE NIGHT!"
"It's all about the Benjamins"
"Exactly what you do NOT want to see when you turn on the lights."
"nope !"
"I have flown 10 times in 6 weeks  and not been patted down or nude scanned ONCE! Here is my secret.."
"This Stanley Cup is so nice..."
"And they say no one uses this useless feature..."
"Ron Swanson  thanks for making Monday easier"
"I am Pretty Sure This is Something My Ex Would Say"
"Just leave me be."
"Decode your teen's TXT lingo!"
"Kids these days."
"Decoding texts."
"&quot;...And the boy did. And the tree was happy. &quot;"
"I would love to sit on this chair"
"It's shit like this  tourists ..."
"Everybody do the tourist"
"Everyone do the tourist!"
"And on that day  Grandpa touched The Leaning Tower of Pisa..."
"Reverse Sex (SafeFW)"
"Box Kitteh"
"Box Kitteh"
"Meow that I have your attention..."
"Hipsturrrr"
"Hipsturrr"
"Cat Nip-ster."
"Yep  that just about sums it up."
"put em up."
"Baby red panda!"
"Rawr!"
"This Humming Bird Will Serve Jail Time"
"I don't really know how to explain this one."
"iPope Location Services - OFF!"
"iPope Location Services - OFF! (xpost from r/funny)"
"A Christian Downvote"
"The New Star Wars  Disney Style."
"Just need to run in and grab... Oh Shit."
"Hurricane Sandy approaching New York City"
"Awesome new movie poster for The Day After Tomorrow 2. Wait  what? Good luck  east coast!"
"This has to be... the best story about shitting i've ever read..."
"Why you shouldn't talk on the phone in a public bathroom"
"Old 4chan post...Still the funniest poop story I've ever read"
"First physics lesson"
"How I would feel as a male submitting to r/gonewild"
"Wait for it...."
"It's my time to shine!"
"And now for something completely different.."
"How I feel when I see a post tagged &quot;NSFW&quot; that links to YouTube"
"My thoughts after browsing through Maxim's &quot;Hot&quot; 100"
"Whenever someone uses the word 'inception' to describe something inside of something else."
"I tried to make chocolate covered banana pops. The result...well..."
"I will dance  the dance of my people!"
"Focus on the sloth..."
"Such a cute sloth."
"Thought this would be better served here (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Awww - he thinks he is people."
"This sloth knows what's up (xpost from r/slothporn)"
"This guy knows what's up (xpost from r/slothporn)"
"Noah’s Arc"
"Dirt cheap"
"How big is the specific ocean"
"Every time I return from the grocery store..."
"Two trips"
"Story of my life"
"Oh shit  oh shit  oh shit..."
"Highway sign during storm"
"Mitt Romney for President"
"I realize this is just poor timing  but these are a couple of great faces."
"I'm okay with this"
"I crack myself up sometimes."
"Danish police officer showing off"
"Two scientists free panda cub to the natural environment in China"
"Two scientists free panda cub to the natural environment in China"
"TIL Animal Crossing is potentially the saddest game ever."
"When the top comment is a clever pun"
"Labception"
"Using your mouth doesn't really help when doing parkour."
"I've become infatuated with this song."
"Nothing is more important than a Mothers Love"
"Awesome Phone Case!!!"
"Seems legit."
"Doesn't matter  had sex"
"EXXXXTTTRRREEEMMMEEE!!!"
"Hardcore parkour!"
"Christian friend on facebook...."
"x-post from r/funny pro-life retort from FB"
"What do we want? (rally sign)"
"What do we want? (rally sign)"
"Longest 5 Minutes of My Life"
"Seriously...? What the fuck."
"This creeps me the hell out"
"Here's Jimmy"
"You there baby?"
"Taking pics is serious business"
"Do you want to be a good photographer? Hit the gym first!"
"Unique"
"Unique"
"Prepare to cringe  like you've never cringed before."
"Bill Murray"
"Gangsta lvl: white"
"A little privacy please  mom. [NSFW]"
"Le (NSFW)"
"This deserves a /wtf  not a /ffffuuuuuuu (nsfw)"
"And thanks to Tebaxx for scaring me for life!"
"Meanwhile in India...not a single fuck was given."
"Fuck everything"
"For those days when you have more than enough to give."
"yeeee"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"The Open Road"
"I'll just leave this here"
"Hey..."
"Haters gonna........hate."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Gets Me Every. Damn. Time."
"This made me giggle much longer than is socially acceptable"
"Gets me every time."
"S̜̗͉̩̤̭̗̎̎͗̏̕͠H̊̔̿̄͋͛̾ͨ̇҉̺͔͚̝̗̣̦Ẽ̪͓̏ͬ̒ͧ͗ͪ ̹̬̹ͬ̍̔ͬ̉̐͟͠C̟͕̜̥̲̯̩̗ͫ̂ͧ̽̊ͣ̆͡ͅO̡ͬ̒ͬ͏̴̻̣M̦̗̦͇̜͓̙̀̌͐̊͐̑͜Ẹ̱̲̻̱͓̙̤̆ͦͣS̯̼͍̪͖͕̣ͧ̄̑̒͢͝͡ ̘̪̻͙̪̞ͮ̎̂̍̑͐͛̚͝͝"
"Searched darth vader with hair on google. Was not disappointed"
"NY/NJ subway flooded"
"An incredible photo  from a security cam  of waters flooding into Hoboken station."
"PATH Station in NJ"
"New York City Subway Station Gets Flooded"
"Say Goodbye to the Hoboken PATH Platform!"
"Story of toys"
"How I picture Alaska"
"Tank"
"Tonight I became the ultimate wing woman  I got my friend laid  when living in a completely different city."
"When I heard from my friend that my ex that cheated on me is miserable now."
"Koalas..."
"Heterochromia"
"My friend send me a picture of his new cat!"
"Wind Tunnel Test of a Messerschmitt 109."
"Just dropping in"
"A hot shower"
"My little cousins take on the X-Factor"
"Looks like we have a winner"
"Saw this and thought you ladies would like: Sir Ian McKellen"
"Lacoste  Made in China"
"So this is a thing now"
"Oh  dumbledore."
"How to troll traffic"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Wish more religious leaders were like him"
"Just saw this on Facebook  the one religion I have always respected a little."
"Buddhism"
"Show me where the bullies are"
"I'll protect you"
"Couldn't stop staring at this."
"What it feels like to be excited for MW3 fan on r/gaming."
"Who needs Diablo 3? I've got trusty ol' Torchlight!"
"How I feel after explaining Reddit to other friends my age (I'm an older Redditor)."
"how I feel now I have some free time and my friends are working..."
"lamprey eel"
"Look at this fucking fish"
"Wow that this one way to steal and cook a chicken at the same time... [NSFW]"
"There are no words"
"I don't know how I would feel seeing this in the sky..."
"Check out this meteor! (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Blue city - Red turbans (Jodhpur) Photo by Photojournalist Steve McCurry"
"Been posted before  but one of the coolest photographs I've ever seen."
"dat contrast"
"Hurricane sandy... damn Gays"
"Oh  Mr. Colbert."
"I FUCKING LOVE LEAVES"
"Fall is fucking awesome!"
"Man  sex metaphors sure have changed since I was a kid.."
"How I imagine /r/mildlyinteresting"
"If Mass Effect had a flight simulator. Firth thing Reddit would do."
"I just found this little guy about to get crushed by some tits."
"Smooth"
"Louie Armstrong serenading a lady with his trumpet in Egypt."
"Opening the front page without being signed in..."
"Waking up the with a killer hangover after drinking all night."
"My mother told me she threw away all my lego's..."
"When I found out I had to work a 9 hour shift on Labor day..."
"I swear  the next time I see a post titled something like &quot;It had to be done&quot;..."
"I see your &quot;feeding a tiger&quot; pic and raise you &quot;Father  son  and family elephant&quot;"
"Father  Son and Elephant."
"It's Alright Little One"
"Father  son and an elephant"
"fractal tom selleck"
"I saw this and was like WTF?!?!?"
"Religion flies you into skyscrapers.."
"Adam on dating"
"How I react to being rejected."
"Morning Glory Clouds over Australia."
"Found in my morning paper"
"Most metal motherfucker you ever SEEN"
"Me in the library."
"Genius prank and awesome invention"
"Toilet paper is fun."
"This must be what happens when you don't put toilet paper on the holder the right way."
"I'm the guy who buries your perfect comment."
"Every time I post in r/funny and get nothing for it"
"I wonder what this guy has been up to lately..."
"What are friends for?"
"On a scale from one to reddit..."
"Thanks for supporting science with me  Reddit"
"Russell Brand at the Olympics [FB]"
"Well Played..."
"The circle is completed and a new redditor is born. [FB]"
"Facebook gold"
"Im an athiest and my good friend is a lead pastor at a local church  glad we can still joke about our beliefs [FB]"
"Taught my mom Reddit [FB]"
"9/11"
"MFW I saw a female friend in a porno on youjizz...."
"When I heard Freaks and Geeks is on Netflix Instant Watch..."
"Forever alone- Lvl 99"
"Successful trolls work in numbers..."
"Hey  driver! Hold up man  I really wanna get on the bus!"
"There are weird stock photos  and then there is this stock photo..."
"So I looked up &quot;Stock Photo wtf&quot; on google images..."
"Oscar begins"
"Backup Box"
"I wonder if he made it out alive?"
"Officially the coolest pic I've seen all week"
"You're standard Monday night..."
"What happened to your legs?"
"Hey there  Delilah."
"Once."
"Me when someone points a nerf gun at my face"
"When you're talking to a stranger and they accidently spit..."
"My favorite N*SYNC video."
"B sides....This one would've been a hit."
"Black Licorice"
"this is so  so cool."
"Steven Spielberg was a master of suspense"
"My Favorite GIF Ever  Samuel L. Jackson Approved"
"Not sure whether to post this in r/gifs or r/funny. but here it is....my favorite GIF ever."
"Follow your dreams (x-post from motivation)"
"Whenever I see a repost"
"I Want This Doctor"
"By that logic"
"What if a doctor did this?"
"Most &quot;christians&quot; I know feel this way."
"Extremely Rare Albino Dolphin."
"Ooohhhh  bouncy!"
"This is relevant to my interests."
"I've had this open in a tab for the last week... [nsfw]"
"How to put on a pair of jeans"
"Haters gonna hate."
"That's no fire pit!"
"My face when my friend asks if I'm sober enough to drive."
"After my last trip to r/spacedicks"
"A perfect shot"
"Re-cycled as fiction"
"Well... They're all fictional  but I'm pretty sure no one but C. A. would be kneeling"
"Well... why didn't I think of that?"
"moving to the city makes this so much more prevalent."
"Park Anywhere"
"A stunning picture from the London Riots"
"One of the scariest pictures I have ever seen."
"dedicated public transportation"
"I've seen a lot of shit  but I will not stand for this."
"Don't worry  you're gonna luv it."
"I'll give you 2 guesses as to which candidate makes manufactures his campaign hats in China...."
"I'll give you 2 guesses as to which candidate makes manufactures his campaign hats in China...."
"Showed up on FB. Are people who buy these caps really that oblivious?"
"Governor Romney  cracking down on outsourcing."
"Actions speak louder than words. (fb)"
"&quot;Enough said.&quot; [pro-Obama politics]"
"So Romney swag is made in China and Obama swag is made in the USA??"
"Romney vs. Obama - Hats"
"Sometimes a picture is worth more than a few debates..."
"I'm telling!!!"
"&quot;I'm going to do my best to bring jobs back to US&quot;...except hat making jobs. Those go to China."
"Actions speak louder than words"
"mirror mirror on the wall  which of these hats will doom us all?"
"Actions speak louder than words Romney"
"Is this photoshopped?"
"James Holmes's sudden realization..."
"what did the five fingers say to the face"
"Cat James"
"&quot;Catnip is a hell of a drug&quot;"
"D'aww"
"Thank you  American Apparel"
"Trying to keep up with rap these days"
"I found this on Facebook. Thought it deserved better. Credit to Cameron for drawing it at work."
"A Ladder"
"Deep Ladder in a waterfall"
"Just Steven Hawking running over Jim Carrey's foot with his wheelchair."
"Random texter gets screwed with"
"Mr. Taco"
"Found this little gem in bar's bathroom last weekend"
"Rock  Paper  Scissors  Blowbie"
"Medusa meets her match"
"Reminds me of Black Dynamite..."
"Hey Reddit  Skrillex got a new cat."
"The new Lincoln movie is doing quite well indeed..."
"Someone make this. Now."
"How Papa gets his pizza delivered"
"A dream come true."
"I can hear this gif"
"A clip from the upcoming Limbo DLC"
"I'd watch this in theaters"
"Can you feel the love tonight?"
"Found this in my college dorm's bathroom."
"Lil' Bill gonna get you!!"
"Little Bill doesn't mess around..."
"One should't check the final grade while listening to the Avril's song...&quot;All my life has been good  but now I'm thinking    WHAT THE HELL&quot;"
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan"
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan"
"Rest in peace  big man."
"Treadmill Fail"
"The big mistake  by Doctor Seuss"
"Periodic. Table."
"Dat Darkness"
"Bitch"
"Adorable Overload"
"Press &quot;X&quot; they said... it'll be easy they said..."
"&quot;Thor's Well&quot;. The sight  photo capture  and name are all *epic*."
"Thor's Well in Oregon  US"
"Instantly... the sound."
"Desk pet: Work edition (xpost r/funny)"
"Reddit needs more dikdiks"
"When ever I stand up to a bully"
"I think i did it right.."
"My face whenever I realize my wife is &quot;in the mood&quot;"
"My face when I realize my wife is &quot;in the mood&quot;"
"This gets me every time. Love the jazzy hands."
"This one fits better"
"The carpool will arrive in one hour"
"How I see Assassin's Creed III as an American"
"How I feel when one of my posts gets quoted on Srs"
"Every time USA wins a gold medal"
"AMERICA!"
"&quot;Hey Janice! I've finally discovered how to sleep with my eyes open!&quot;"
"Been waiting for a suitable new gif  think i've found one"
"&quot;Hey Janice! I've finally discovered how to sleep with my eyes open!&quot;(x-post r/funny)"
"Redditor's Twilight dream"
"My friend accidentally looked inside the Ark. Will he recover?"
"I don't even have the words"
"Kitty and huskey!"
"My  what pretty teeth you have!"
"Best Buds"
"How I treat every post about Curiosity and Mars today..."
"When I search the new section and actually find a funny post."
"Being drunk on reddit."
"When a post makes me crack a smile"
"Just upvoted a bunch of posts because I could."
"This is me being empathetic to everyone knowing Reddit was down all day..."
"After changing my mind and upvoting someone after downvoting them."
"My feeling's about reddit's front page."
"Atheist cat"
"Atheist Cat"
"Cute but funny"
"If you were wondering what 4-D is."
"Reddit described in one comic."
"So...¿best Avengers cosplay ever?"
"Sofa King Clever"
"How low are your prices?"
"I don't remember this part from TDKR"
"Wake Bane up before you go-go."
"Cakeday!!"
"Bane Can't Control Himself"
"Bane is faded"
"bane gets down"
"Pixels IRL"
"Who?"
"Yo Dog  I heard you like Marc Jacobs"
"Yo dawg...."
"Not the usual awww"
"Baby Chameleons"
"Jack and Sally"
"Nicholas Cage as Andre The Giant"
"Man  I need a reboot of this series."
"Back when Activision was actually good"
"Never disliking a video again..."
"Dear Japan..."
"How I feel with no sleep  and all the downvotes."
"Lava Tube Cave  Lava Beds National Monument  Tulelake  California"
"Baseball Level: America"
"Remember egypt  this is how to occupy!"
"I'm sure this is a repost  but made me laugh my ass off in light of recent events"
"I totally want one..."
"I see your lion penguin  and raise you this husky penguin"
"What does your state do best?"
"He's going to his mother's child..."
"Start 'em young"
"Back to the basics"
"that recoil"
"What did he think would happen?"
"World's Most Skilled Sniper."
"Iraqi jumping jacks"
"Every time I try to dance to Dubstep"
"Rope jumping"
"Does anyone else hear a thumping sound when watching this?"
"Can anyone else hear this?"
"Just realized I missed my cake day. Maybe this guy can score me some belated karma."
"It's my cake day!!"
"Now that Reddit's back  here's my cake day post."
"As a Chinese guy in China who can't speak Chinese  this is my reaction when I see a foreigner"
"When someone flashes their brights to alert me there's a cop nearby...."
"When I see a character I know in a new game"
"When I see a character I know in a new game"
"Whenever my friend gives me the answer to a homework problem"
"Bought a 90's Subaru  every 40 feet..."
"How I feel when I get a single upvote"
"Whenever someone mentions my state online"
"When I overhear people I hardly know talking down on Mitt Romney."
"Epic Mario wallpaper is still my favorite -- what's yours?"
"Cool wallpaper  bro"
"Cool Mario wallpaper that I found from a random imgur link"
"Future President Bill Clinton meets President JFK"
"Welcome to reddit. Why don't you take a look around?"
"The reaction I had when my friend told me to stop watching the Dark Knight Rises and play xbox."
"hopefully she didn't hear what he said"
"I may have laughed too hard at this"
"...umm...Spongebob???"
"Spengbab"
"Cool stache bro (possibly NSFL)"
"316 gais! Must be a sign."
"This is what's wrong with children these days"
"Looked at the time and the right time"
"First time playing"
"my friend posted this on facebook thought it should go her"
"I asked for a miracle today...this it's what I got..."
"is this 4 or 5 pandas?"
"Dubstep chemistry style"
"Our beloved centipede is almost complete."
"First post EVAR!"
"I see your Canadian and American Monopoly  and I raise you German Monopoly."
"How I feel playing any side scroll fighting game"
"Nailed it."
"English Angora bunny"
"As a non American  this was all I could take from the debate"
"Okay technically."
"See  now  that's just rude."
"This just poped up on my friends facebookfeed"
"Wonder what the women use?"
"I guess privacy and modesty have a different meaning in this place. WTF?"
"Really  fashion?"
"404-Error"
"Just taking a walk"
"Anyone who doesn't believe Gary Busey is our generation's Plato needs to see this."
"Jimmy Carr on Steve Jobs"
"A very classy point  1Ds Fuck Buddy"
"I tweeted the woman who's picture was used for &quot;Sheltering Suburban Mom&quot; and pointed out she was a meme. She replied..."
"From one millionaire to another"
"Really..."
"Weird monster-fish"
"When UPS/FedEx comes to the house and I forgot that I had ordered something..."
"only in Japan?"
"His name is Kenny Omega"
"YEAAAAH! &gt;:O"
"You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder."
"Umm.. what the hell controller is that?"
"Wii U-like Xbox Controller Spotted at Valve?"
"Microsoft ripping off Nintendo Wii U controller already?"
"Now back at me."
"Cat worms"
"The AB hancer - &quot;Get a 6 pack in seconds!&quot;"
"Perhaps trains aren't his thing..."
"Jimmies across the universe"
"The Jimmies rustle across the the universe"
"The Jimmies rustle across the the universe"
"I am really unsure on how this happened. No scream or anything. I just walk into my room to find her hanging there unable to get herself down. So naturally  I took a picture."
"Redditor forces child's leg into a drawer and claims it was painless just for that sweet sweet karma."
"i dont even know how to describe this.."
"I am really unsure on how this happened. No scream or anything. I just walk into my room to find her hanging there unable to get herself down. So naturally  I took a picture. - Imgur"
"How I feel trying to downvote a popular comment."
"Every relationship has problems"
"Some guys just have all the luck."
"Not sure if repost  but.... Water sprinklers"
"Sprerhnklurs"
"Ermahgerd"
"Bill Nye and Neil deGrasse Tyson share a moment on stage"
"A Golden Zebra"
"Rare beyond compare: the only white Zebra in existence. Zoe has blue eyes and gold stripes."
"When girls find out that you're in a band...[FIXED]"
"Santa's nut in a waiting room (NSFW)"
"Another day at the doctor."
"Ok  the hurricane winds are picking up in VA but I am prepped and ready for any eventuality:"
"27b/6's author David Thorne &quot;prepped and ready for any eventuality&quot; related to hurricane Sandy."
"Ok  the hurricane winds are picking up in VA but I am prepped and ready for any eventuality:"
"David Thorne (27b/6) gets ready for hurricane in VA"
"He doesn't seem so cute anymore..."
"children  assume the firm  spread-eagle position"
"Saw this great Leeloo cosplay in my facebook feed"
"Clearly the best Leeloo cosplay ever"
"That's quite a cough."
"is such a thing possible?"
"Sex: You're doing it right..."
"I don't always have sex  but when I do..."
"Dat Candystriper!"
"Pokebattle!"
"Subliminal Pigs"
"look closely..."
"What's so hard to understand"
"This is getting ridiculous"
"Saw this on Facebook  thought it should be posted here"
"It really is this simple."
"I am going to hell for laughing at this..."
"A good way to scare a few people"
"One of the best pranks I've ever seen"
"Youtubers have way too much time on their hands lately.."
"Nananana"
"I'll never understand this gif."
"I believe this belongs here"
"Martial Arts Style: Assrape"
"gif i saw on 4chan"
"Anyone else remember this game?"
"Hey guys i just got this new game. i heard its all the rage atm."
"Tiny lil' piggy"
"Everytime I accidently click on porn"
"Browsing r/amisexy..."
"When I first browsed r/incest..."
"This now hangs over our toilet. Reddit has improved my bathroom decor."
"If I only had this disclaimer on my bottle last saturday night"
"Have you seen this bird?"
"Missed connections"
"NYC - Then and Now"
"Never forget"
"Wish you were here."
"Friend sent me this today. Not sure if the last hope for humanity... or the greatest threat."
"Google chrome understands"
"oh mickey..."
"Just Minnie's dress."
"Minnie's dress."
"Here's a pic of my newly rescued kitty!"
"A gamer's life(s)."
"A gamer's life(s). (FIXED)"
"Like a sir."
"DOESN'T ANYONE ELSE WANT A SEQUEL TO THIS!?"
"And if I ever catch you doing that to your privates again I'm going to tie your trunk in a knot!"
"So this is America"
"Damn straight!"
"Murphy's law in full effect"
"What happens when I think I find something good to post on Reddit."
"When I celebrate winning a game of fantasy football too early."
"Genie got trolled"
"More genies."
"More Genies!"
"Misteak  America. Misteak!"
"Mmm.... Steak..."
"Childhood ruined"
"I always thought he looked familiar."
"Oscar's realization"
"How I feel about the new Muppets movie"
"It Could Be Worse [x/post from AnythingGoesUltimate]"
"Grouch is right."
"Just a happy baby hippo."
"I'm pretty sure this belongs here. (Crossposted from r/pics.)"
"Just a smiling baby hippo."
"Baby hippo."
"Just a cute baby hippo!"
"Just a smiling  swimming hippo. Enjoy."
"You guys like hippos?"
"Video-games... and their advantages"
"Things video games help with that you didnt know"
"How I imagine I look when my lips are chapped"
"When Steam game downloads are almost complete."
"Attention all New Zealanders please stop sending pics of your girlfriend to me- sincerely Australia."
"This is how my grandma's cat relaxes."
"Mahatma Gandhi Dancing"
"Dancing Gandhi"
"I really hope there aren't any lions here today..."
"I drive a black car. Whenever I see a white car of the same model  this is invariably the image I see in my head."
"For your consideration I present my Smashing! collection"
"My Nigel Thornberry collection."
"This was on the wall of a Mc Donalds"
"&quot;I'm not Linda&quot;"
"Bert And Ernie"
"tweak"
"The Only Way In"
"that feel when you realize this woman has a boyfriend and you're single."
"Jabba the Hutt cum face (SFW)"
"Laughter is universal"
"Pretty much sums it up."
"Pretty much sums it up as well"
"ideas for new call of duty"
"A gif that I made of Sarah Jessica Parker morphing into a horse."
"No idea why this makes me laugh but ..."
"ABS"
"so what kinda school is this..."
"Says everything that needs to be said about my home town..."
"A friend posted this on Facebook. Essential for every student heading back to school!"
"Back to School knives..."
"Pure Hard Rock"
"Seems Legit"
"I would watch two hours of this"
"best quote ever"
"Oh  I am so doing this..."
"When cashiers make remarks."
"Almost every fucking time"
"Honor dog"
"Since weeds just ended in the most awful way  I thought I would remind you of when the show was funny"
"I don't have any animals so I didn't have anything else to post for my Reddit Birthday..."
"intresting........"
"Oh crap.."
"Pick your fights"
"Her Day is About to be Ruined..."
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"A Pelican making a saltwater crocodile its bitch. Not a single fuck was given."
"Reality! Is for losers who don't .... [800x1101]"
"That's Us"
"Chivalry  Valor  and hotpockets (nsfw)"
"My Hero! /swoon"
"By the power of Grayskull  can someone explain this to me? (probably NSFW)"
"The Protector"
"The Protector"
"A True Warrior"
"A knight and his fair maiden"
"Reddit Love [NSFW]"
"Surfing in Tahiti"
"How I felt waking up thinking it was friday"
"Appropriate reaction"
"Does this belong here?"
"I do want him as my new BF !! ;)"
"Looking for ideas for a funny Halloween costume? Look no further."
"Saw this on Facebook... Mind blown"
"My god.. I've been doing it wrong all my life."
"After seeing this I went and bought some."
"I think we have all been eating them wrong."
"What?! I guess I'm not the only one..."
"What. Did. You. Say. To. Me?"
"When you were a kid and your mom asked you if you wanted Kraft Macaroni and Cheese for dinner..."
"The longer you stare  the funnier it gets"
"My reaction to the Black Mesa Release Date"
"I'm in your zoo  messing with your otters!"
"Serious traffic jam. Underwater."
"So true..."
"Surf the rainbow  man."
"Sun Rays through a Wave"
"White People"
"The Force is Strong with this one."
"How I felt putting a ton of effort into two papers I wrote just to find that I received failing grades for them."
"How I feel as a christian  non-gamer  who doesnt have pets.....after posting on REDDIT"
"God bless you dad."
"God bless you  Dad"
"God bless you dad!"
"I don't even know what to say.."
"Wait What? what did i just Read .___."
"When you reach max level...You stop leveling."
"The police got all wild west on my next door neighbor. This is my living room."
"Crazy Christian father shoots up son's bedroom when he finds out he's an atheist"
"Don't you hate it when the police got all wild west on your neighbour and shoot an upvote into your wall?"
"How I feel waking up for the first day of school"
"Things you didn't know about sleep"
"He really loves the little guy"
"jazzgasm.jpg"
"The comment section in r/gonewild"
"Ah  Kentucky...the flagship of cultural tolerance"
"Picture taking skills right here."
"This chicken could beat you at a game of pool."
"Best.advertisement.ever"
"Pope Palpatine"
"The Dark Side of the Pew"
"My coworker got really offended by this"
"Bomb bays ready"
"Take cover!"
"I'd like to see more family appreciation this holiday season."
"Oy  look at my babies  aren't they the cutest..."
"A Loving Parent"
"View from Jet"
"It's so hot in Texas right now..."
"Bitches love the saxophone."
"Bitches love a saxophone"
"The Definition is this."
"Sax kid"
"sax kid"
"Finding the last frozen pizza at the bottom of the freezer."
"Only since you asked so nicely."
"I asked her to embroider me something for college..."
"What the front page feels like"
"r/atheism lately."
"Reddit was down"
"Anyone else just have those days?"
"Does anyone in the Redditsphere have more information on the girl in this .gif?"
"One of my favourite gifs of all time (this week at least)"
"Little pricker and a girl with glasses."
"Downtime you say? Didn't notice....."
"Cats in zero gravity"
"They grow up so fast."
"This is not acceptable behaviour on the ski slope."
"what?"
"What?"
"How Canadians view America"
"perfect combo"
"Man status: official"
"Man status: official [FIXED]"
"so funi"
"No poops. No oops."
"A very good description of my life at the moment."
"I know this is a re-post  but I can't stop laughing whenever I see this"
"outside? [for the WTF community]"
"Today my Xbox live subscription ended  tough times keeping me from renewing. What to do?"
"You tell him  Spidey."
"We'd rather not  Val..."
"Someone decided to finally come out of their shell today"
"A little friend"
"How To Deal With Bullies"
"Now Listen Carefully"
"Now listen carefully [x-post from r/funny]"
"Now Listen Carefully... [xpost from r/funny]"
"After seeing Morena Baccarin nude"
"When drunken pics of friends make it to Facebook."
"My reaction when browsing r/IMGOINGTOHELLFORTHIS"
"When the cop next to me at a stoplight got into a fender-bender with the car in front of it..."
"lololololol"
"Caught Red Handed"
"Just don't shoot!"
"oh snap. we got a badass"
"Watch out guys  we got a badass over here!"
"How i feel after showing my brother Reddit"
"How I felt when I made it to the front page"
"How I feel when upvoting my own post"
"When nobody votes on my link"
"Liking yourself on facebook"
"How many people feel after they do today's google doodle."
"A Conference Of Musical Notation"
"He's sneaky"
"i think i know this... but i dont really wanna say it..."
"Concrete jungle where dreams are made"
"I'll get it later..."
"Remember kids  don't drink and ride"
"Free Bird"
"Perspective"
"Why is everyone upvoting posts about abpa and Dino's? I don't get them."
"whenever someone uses this smiley (:"
"I said no!!"
"Come at me bro"
"Anybody else played this as a child?"
"mfw I get the automated letter telling me that the subreddit I made this morning is now popular."
"How I imagine people browsing r/aww"
"Thanks to Sandy  this is Atlantic City  NJ right now."
"Atlantic City's The Walk outlets under water from Sandy"
"GGGggg Gg!"
"downtown atlantic (atlantis? harhar) city."
"Downtown Atlantic City"
"Meanwhile in Atlantis City"
"Sunday school would've been a whole lot cooler if..."
"Freshest Beats"
"Whenever I listen to good ol' hip hop..."
"That is a lot of fish"
"Going against the current"
"I'd buy it"
"Little guy tired from a day at the office"
"Too...Much...Party"
"Too...Much...Party"
"Dat ass. Oh wait  ASSES!"
"Drive by"
"Epic combo!"
"This man deserves an award..."
"Not so gentle Ben"
"Moth Eye"
"Moth eye (xpost from WTF)"
"Moth Eye [x-post from r/WTF]"
"Moth Eye [x-post r/WTF]"
"Moth Eye (x-post r/WTF)"
"Mother earth is watching"
"Perfect timing"
"The Healing Powers of Alcohol"
"It's a miracle."
"It's a miracle. [x-post r/funny]"
"Who knew  alcohol was the cure."
"How to tell if they are plotting to kill you"
"How I feel when someone mentions swag."
"How I feel as a forever alone  when someone mentions swag"
"The shit that I find on my laptop....."
"That's a thirsty cat"
"Some guys like a little Bush."
"The first and new Asian kid coming into an American highschool"
"Shuttle Mission [PIC]"
"High resolution photo of the Space Shuttle Endeavour above the north island of New Zealand.."
"The coasline of New Zealand's South Island looks somewhat like the eastern coastline of the USA."
"Astronauts and the ISS over South Island."
"Sunset at the North Pole"
"In light of &quot;winter time&quot;  Why my boyfriend hates winter [FIXED]"
"Fluid kicks"
"Bruce Lee?!?!"
"Passel of Pandas in Playpen"
"Yep I'm stealing this obituary idea"
"This is a photograph  not a painting."
"Zombies gonna hate"
"Biking is fun!"
"What the hell is going on in this courtroom?"
"What to expect for 1 night in the hospital in the christmas eve when you don't have health insurance."
"A Letter!"
"DEAL WI-AAARGH"
"For the past month and a half  I have been stressing about what to post on my cake day. I found nothing..."
"Deal wi- aaaargh"
"When it's time  this bridge is set up and used by red crabs to migrate without being killed on the road."
"Idiots"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"Leopard stubs his toe"
"Mid Pounce Leopard. (X-Post from /R/PerfectTiming)"
"This made me laugh  and then miss Steve Irwin."
"People like this."
"Are you fucking.."
"nerd"
"How to be a bitch"
"How I feel seeing &quot;redditor for 12 months&quot; but not seeing a cake next to my name"
"When every post but mine gets an upvote"
"Me when I realized yesterday was my second cakeday"
"Friends' &quot;Finger Monkey&quot; finally fell asleep"
"My friends' &quot;finger money&quot; finally fell asleep"
"Grandpa what the fuck"
"My grandpa."
"John  Ringo  Paul  and George preparing to cross the long and winding (Abbey) road"
"Ready to make history"
"How I feel right now because I missed the season 8 premiere"
"True that"
"Camouflage dog"
"Shut up legs!"
"New born puppys can barely stand to eat!"
"My friends playing jenga"
"Trapped"
"I meant to do that..."
"Pillow: 1 Cat: 0"
"Owner: 1 Cat:0"
"Kid's Heaven"
"Oh shit..."
"How to turn a number 1 into a number 2."
"When 20 people are arguing over the same thing in the comments."
"This is how I lost my 60 HC Barbarian in Act IV Hell."
"pew pew pew!"
"DESTROY THEM WITH LAZERS"
"Transformers Final Countdown"
"Teaching relatives how to play video games"
"So... This popped up on my FB newsfeed this morning."
"How rude!"
"When I found out my girlfriend loves iFunny but hates reddit..."
"I have a spider in my room  this is how i look right now"
"If someone walks in while i'm watching porn"
"Closer... Closer... Got it!"
"Overly Attached Little Sister"
"Overly Attached Little Sister"
"Simply the best thumbs up in existence...[Fixed]"
"Giving one last upvote before bed."
"So that's how you do that...."
"Get off your damn phone! (x-post r/wtf)"
"Get off your damn phone!"
"Get off your damn phone! (x-post r/funny)"
"Oh  a cute hamste... wat?"
"There's got to be a clever pun for this GIF..."
"Whenever the teacher answers my question for me"
"As a teacher's aid  whenever kids in class look at me when my teacher is talking about something I agree with."
"What it feels like to be on reddit all day and see a new link on the front page"
"Regret."
"Poor fella's stressed out"
"Everytime someone plays a creed song"
"I'm not listening"
"How I feel after updating my iTunes"
"NYPD is always wathching !"
"Timmmmber!!!!!!"
"Oh Jesus..."
"I googled Definition of Swag and was not disappointed."
"This kitty got swag."
"What I imagine anytime someone says swag"
"Soon..."
"Soon."
"Best wedding pic I've ever seen."
"Alpaca condom"
"What Mt. Rushmore Should Have Looked Like. Lack of funds forced the carving to end in October 1941  but this is what it should have looked like. It cost $989 992."
"Here is a picture I saw on the internet about a year ago. I hope it gives me fake internet points."
"Raphael"
"Googled Awesome turtle and found this"
"Like I even care!"
"The things I would do for a sequel."
"Late for work... [Crosspost from /r/gifs]"
"WOAH-OH-OH-AH-AH-AH-AAAA-HA-AH-AH-AH"
"I can't believe it is a perfect fit."
"The best gif sound"
"Penguins &amp; Sweaters."
"Sweaters for Penguins Affected by New Zealand Oil Spill"
"I will never understand it"
"I just don't understand"
"We're still doing watermelons  right?"
"bum-trumpet"
"Dogs on acid"
"Welcome to the internet"
"I Googled Welcome to the Internet...."
"Forward  Percival! Together we shall conquer this land of Intra-net"
"A jig and a jiggle."
"You'll never see him the same way again."
"Fuck that..."
"Stop Hitting Yourself!"
"My favorite C&amp;H"
"You can keep your pocket whale. I'm still waiting for these things..."
"You can keep your pocket whales and lap giraffes. I'm getting a house hippo."
"I see your lap giraffe and raise you a house hippo."
"Grumpy Cat Kind of reminds me of this guy.."
"Where can I find more of this?"
"I think this fits for Batman and his friends."
"Seems an adorable tv serie"
"I didn't remember that Saved by the Bell was so funny [xpost from r/WTF]"
"Bunny of Wisdom"
"What is that"
"Let's save us all a lot of time. Here's how America views the rest of the world."
"How Americans see the outside world."
"dat wiggle"
"shake dat a**"
"Real life Popeye!"
"Popeye is that you?"
"Dropbears. Don't become another statistic. [NSFW]"
"Too soon? (x-post from /r/sandy)"
"W..Water..."
"Sandy  I need water..."
"Dangit spongebob!"
"Need Water?"
"Sure thing spongebob"
"I love this picture. Good old Spongebob"
"Hurricane sandy"
"Sandy  I need water!"
"Sandy! I NEED IT"
"Sandy's just helping out"
"Hurricane Sandy and Spongebob"
"&quot;I... NEED IT!&quot;"
"Sandy Delivers"
"Darth Condom - Not sure if repost  just saw on G+"
"Is this becoming a trend?"
"&quot;Wants a drama-free relationship&quot;"
"Teddy Roosevelt's diary entry from the day his wife Alice died of kidney failure. He never spoke publicly about her again."
"My reaction when my wife walked in on me browsing gonewild"
"When your hands are wet and there is no towel"
"Nope. Nope. ...Nope."
"So  this is what it looks like at the top of the Empire State Building"
"I Felt There Weren't Enough Downvote GIFs  So I Made A New One. I Present To You: Downvote Ace"
"What I feel like when I downvote all the posts on a single page."
"Every Time I See A Bad Pun Thread On Reddit [x-post from gifs]"
"Redditor replaces important directional signs with uselessly vague ones but forgets how to get back to his car without the signs. On the verge of death he finds a signal for his iphone but rather than calling the local police  he uploads the picture onto reddit and dies. All for that succulent karma"
"Which path do I go George?"
"Once in a Decade Chance to Propose (seen on fb)"
"Bacon. A handy flowchart."
"Scumbag Quickmeme (this happens way too often)"
"I googled searched &quot;wild rock shrimp&quot; from a previous post. This is what came up..."
"OH YEA!!!!!!"
"My kind of party."
"pew pew laser"
"How I feel when my friends coast off of my accomplishments"
"Mom &amp; Son"
"Sibling rivalries and bloody palms"
"The game that ruins friendships."
"The game that ruins friendships!"
"Ice cave in Iceland"
"I'm a vegan  and I still find this to be hilarious."
"They weren't people officer"
"Keepin Clean;)"
"Soup's On!"
"I don't even.."
"Bathing in afterbirth. (I apologize if it has already been here)"
"I screamed WTF when i saw this..."
"Jump in  the water's fine!"
"So I was looking at old family photos when I found this."
"Any other baby otter fans out there?"
"At last a cure for plumber's butt"
"Ok  I won't complain anymore."
"without a male with which to mate"
"Forever Alone No More"
"How my friend must feel as a boy going to an all-girls boarding school's prom"
"This is why I love the Perry Bible Fellowship &lt;3"
"In case you were wondering what the 4th dimension looks like.... This is a tesseract"
"Sadly  I have had this reaction while almost engaging in intercourse..."
"When I browsed 'new' in r/gonewild for the first time."
"My friend  who WAS a virgin  just got married. This is how I imagine her wedding night went:"
"My first time visiting Chat Roulette [Fixed]"
"So that's where all the milk went."
"So good milk"
"Got Milk?"
"Whenever I hear about this hurricane coming"
"Everytime I hear Hurricane Sandy on the news.. I can't help but think of this"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Hurricane Sandy has a vendetta."
"When I give up"
"Very cool composite of a bunch of planes taking off!"
"Just Cause 2 Multiplayer IRL (Airport Edition)"
"Multi-exposure of planes taking off at Hannover Airport  Germany"
"POTUS"
"The President of the United States with his game face on"
"America deserves  America needs."
"When my posts get very little to 0 upvotes."
"Does anyone else love this guy on parks and recreation"
"A brief history of Nintendo Controllers"
"The Evolution of Nintendo's Controllers"
"My new baby kitten loves being scratched!"
"Russian Iron Man [FIXED]"
"Russian Ironman"
"Don't hate me."
"Thank you."
"Karma IRL on my final exam"
"Redditor writes simple Microsoft Word document  prints it to reap precious karma."
"Epic T-bag"
"When I beat a Korean at Starcraft"
"How I feel after Winning an argument on Reddit (fixed)"
"A Mountain that is...square-tangular with sloped sides and friggen waterfalls...and it's real."
"Only cost $15 to get my hair did"
"I'm not sure cats like you doing that to them."
"MAKE IT GO AWAY!"
"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME?!"
"yeah girls"
"awe yisss"
"This is how it feels working on a holiday at 3:30. Not a single fucking left to be given."
"I used to ride this UNI every day."
"I was into unicycles before it was cool."
"NOPE."
"BOOM HEADSHOT BOOM HEASHOT"
"Girls Only &lt;3"
"not so sure about this toy"
"Did anyone else watch this show on Saturdays?"
"Hygiene"
"As much as I hate to say it  pretty damn accurate 4chan..."
"How did he even do that"
"The end of the Packers - Seahawks game"
"I'm...... not sure how to feel about this."
"meanwhile..."
"How I Roll..."
"A picture that never fails to make me laugh."
"Mark Twain on trolls"
"Please tell me WTF is going on there?"
"wtf is happening here?"
"Extreme parenting"
"Consequences of Gay Marriage"
"When I'm single  and listen to my friends talk about their relationships."
"Things you can only do with boys...."
"No Girls Allowed"
"Things you can only do with boys."
"how Facebook should be used."
"How facebook should be used"
"24 astronauts were born in Ohio."
"Cleveland  we have a problem..."
"Astronauts from Ohio"
"Astronauts and Ohio (x-post from r/funny)"
"If you live in Ohio  you can probably relate..."
"Here you go Reddit  the best pics from yesterday's &quot;Pics (and Gifs) you can't look at without laughing&quot; thread! Enjoy!"
"Three little birds"
"Harry Potter - &quot;The Snitch&quot;! I've been told that this shot of paint colliding looks just like it. What do you think  Reddit?"
"The World Trade Center 1 is being prepared for the ceremony remembering the 9/11 attacks."
"Homecoming Dress Shopping?"
"Hey  guys  here's the link to the hi res Half Life stained glass logo some of you wanted for wallpaper. Also  I finished Iron Man and will have pics tomorrow morning  the making of gallery is in the comments if you want to see it."
"What happens when you own a gas stove and go to check reddit for &quot;just a minute&quot;..."
"gimmie one"
"Dammit."
"And now I feel deprived.."
"First World Problems"
"First World workout problem"
"What is wrong with me?"
"It's just a terrible problem"
"Happens all too often"
"I hate when this happens."
"Silly poor people"
"The tennis ball haircut"
"They said I could be anything...."
"I think the helmet was a necessary precaution."
"Julia Roberts has an anime tattoo? [slightly NSFW]"
"Julia Roberts [NSFW]"
"An air bubble inside a drop of water aboard the International Space Station"
"Ask my BF for a present  this is what he got me."
"And that's why  boys and girls  you don't fuck with live grenades."
"I wish I could do that"
"Don't pull the thang out..."
"Anitgravity !"
"My friend Manuel made this of himself. I think it's pure genius. And yes  he is Mexican."
"Never fails to make me die laughing."
"Why hasn't this photo been Photoshopped into 1 000 hilarious things already?"
"A Fan Gives Obama A Treat"
"My New Favorite Obama Pic"
"Reddit  I give you: overly excited Obama."
"You asked for this..."
"How I picture people on their cakeday"
"The President is energized!"
"FACT: Obama loves Halo"
"FACT: Obama Loves Halo (x-post from /r/halo)"
"Yo quiero..."
"New favorite picture of President Obama"
"My Newest Favorite Picture of Obama"
"Guess Barack Obama REALLY likes ponies..."
"New Funny President Picture"
"Reddit representative at the obama rally"
"Overly attached President"
"Gift from a fan.."
"Some things don't require a title"
"Star Trek Head Tennis"
"Half-Albino Peacock"
"Half Albino"
"Monkey riding a goat walking on a tight rope"
"How I feel after getting an upvote:"
"Near this spot..."
"If Fox News had been there  throughout history"
"If Fox News had existed throughout history"
"How I think Apple feels. [FIXED]"
"If I had a dollar for everytime a redditor found gold on facebook"
"[SPOILERS] Dammit  someone beat me to the downvote gif. Here's mine though."
"Just got friendzoned (gif)"
"I'm not a religious man  but this church just inspired me"
"To the rescue!"
"Say Hi to my new girlfriend"
"Fresh Panda"
"i know the panda is already taken... but i found the perfect song..."
"Just a panda gettin' his groove on..."
"Open up your favorite music (song  track  mp3  whatever you want to call it)  Click the Link  and Enjoy"
"Panda knows how to swing"
"My reaction when I see something new on Reddit.."
"Datt glass"
"Mother of god..."
"When I see a girl with a huge rack walking in my Uni"
"First day back in school after winter break."
"Cute as tits: Baby Hedgehog"
"Clearly this didn't work"
"Training fail"
"When an ex asks if we can be friends again"
"seahorse birth"
"To the people who downvote me because I made a valid point against you"
"How I feel everytime I see a post from someone bragging about his country winning a gold medal at the Olympics."
"How I feel everytime I see a post from someone bragging about his country winning a gold medal at the Olympics."
"Don't mess with coke  Pepsi!"
"Each time I have a successful post on Reddit."
"inappropriate"
"Looks like a shit ton of fun!"
"FireFox and Windows having a go at each other"
"Me window shopping at the candy shop."
"Let me in..."
"The snozzberries taste like snozzberries."
"My absolute favorite &quot;Fuck off Jesus&quot;"
"Fuck Off Jesus"
"I don't know why girls make such a big deal about it[slight NSFW]"
"Vegan bukkake (kinda NSFW)"
"Oh  not much  just shaving carrots"
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"Not a single fuck was given until he smacked dat ass."
"Good guy Canadian clears traffic"
"Definitely worth slowing down"
"That's one way to cut grass."
"Foot binding"
"Why have you cursed me with these chicken hands?!"
"Why have you cursed me with these chicken hands!?"
"I Love Chicken"
"This makes me wish hell DID exist!"
"One of my favorites that I had to share"
"i honestly can't wait to go to hell"
"And you were really on a roll too..."
"A dog's open mouth under water looks like an alien sharkbeast"
"Slut."
"&quot;Got addicted to reddit  hasn't drawn a single thing&quot;"
"Twilight on a Thigh"
"Hot Twilight tattoo"
"Happy Star Wars! [Fixed]"
"first thing i thought of when i saw the driving .gif"
"Driving back from girlfriend's house"
"so fresh and so clean clean."
"When my link karma doubles overnight."
"Oh Ewan.."
"My music so loud  I'm swangin'"
"How I feel deleting my Facebook page!"
"The Ministry of Silly Walks"
"Africa Face?"
"Anyone else remember this?"
"When people ask why I have a problem with religion  it's hard to come up with a single answer..."
"Are we atheists not justified in despising religion when it causes things like this to happen?"
"Good old fashioned family racism..."
"1930s Betty Boop cartoon: Not-so-subtle stereotyping"
"Shiaaaat"
"Ass that just won't quit."
"It's bad taste."
"Young Christopher Walken"
"Care Bears don't fuck around."
"90 years later still..."
"Come here and give me a hug!"
"Ladies and gentlemen  Ricky Gervais!"
"I can fly too."
"Ricky Gervais on being Atheist"
"Pretty sure this has been posted before  but this is my absolute best ever Ricky Gervais quote"
"Yo Spoonie! SPOON-AY!"
"HERMAN CAIN 2012!"
"as someone that lives in a non-swing state  this is who i will be voting for tomorrow"
"The Grand Lightning Show at the Grand Canyon  Arizona [1920×1440]"
"Epic"
"Lightning show at the Grand Canyon...."
"Thunderheads Over the Grand Canyon."
"Umad bro?"
"Surprise!!!"
"And my friend says sidecars are lame..."
"Lava's in the air"
"How to destroy a Nokia"
"Equador"
"Stumbled on this...had myself a chuckle"
"Bill Waterson called them out over 20 years ago"
"Fucking Scorpions."
"Fucking Scorpions."
"How I felt when i was on a airplane for the first time."
"Don't remember this scene...?"
"The Faun from Pan's Labyrinth in full make up taking a lunch break."
"$20  one thrift store  close enough?"
"Next Halloween Costume"
"Oppan Gangnam Style!"
"Oppan Gangnam Style!"
"When my schoolmates see me doing something weird"
"Instagram in a nutshell."
"You had one job in Jurassic Park. ONE JOB."
"Chick With No Clothes On and Pussy"
"A baby Macaque"
"Baby Macaques also need love."
"Human-looking enough that it's just a little weird"
"Haters gonna hate"
"eHarmony. You're doing it wrong."
"What do you like most in a woman?"
"Quicksand"
"Koala Tickle"
"Louie C.K. - Comedian/Masturbator"
"this made my day"
"Louis CK on masturbation"
"The awkward((and real)ly hilarious) truth"
"Louis C.K. on masturbation"
"In honor of our K9 friends on Veterans Day (pic)"
"So supportive!"
"Keep your Boxcar Willie in your pants."
"I was taking photos in an old train yard when this happened."
"I was taking photos in an old train yard when this happened."
"[OC] I was taking photos in an old train yard when this happened [1600x1200]"
"I left home and forgot to close /gonewild"
"MFW Croatia wins a medal"
"How I feel when I can finally pass someone that's driving slow"
"They killed this in my friends hometown back in Africa...."
"Can anyone verify this is real?"
"Shoes for the whole village"
"Gustave  Killer Crocodile From Ruzizi River at Lake Tanganyika in Burundi Africa - This dude is said to have eaten over two hundred ppl  including seventeen in one documented three month period"
"22ft Crocodile killed in Zimbabwe"
"&quot;There's plenty of fish in the sea  but this is what describes my relationships...&quot;"
"Whenever i walk into a room full of women"
"Preservation."
"Chill the fuck out..."
"Mother And Daughter"
"Please stop saying Jesus was a zombie. It's disrespectful. Instead..."
"Ignore this just testin an app"
"I found this little guy tied up downtown"
"Absolutely fool proof"
"City Bus Troll"
"Another bus troll."
"When the girlfriend asks how I can spend so much time on &quot;that one Reddit site&quot;"
"Why I will always burn my mouth on microwaved food"
"Indeed"
"The Reason I Never Feel Hungry After Going To The Supermarket..."
"Thoughts on the first weekend of August 2012 without A/C..."
"Pirate Bay 1 - RIAA 0"
"Cant be done"
"Thorette?"
"Is God Great?"
"Why call him God"
"I've seen some epic rat tails in my day  but you sir  you win."
"What do they call this?"
"Definition of a badass"
"Share the load"
"We have bigger problems  son."
"Kinky Dolphin."
"Taking photos at a rally today  Condoleezza Rice was giving me death stares the entire time..."
"SOON"
"Condoleezza Rice: SOON"
"Can we all take a moment to appreciate a Corgi/Husky mix?"
"How I feel living in San Diego and seeing all your first snow pictures."
"My Face when someone drops the grinder"
"I wish I lived here."
"The future."
"The Macbook Air's best feature"
"Taco"
"Every time I see this I laugh"
"Squeez"
"I'm sorry what."
"How I feel when my spelling mistake is corrected"
"Cannot Un-see"
"Justice: it's what's for dinner."
"JUSTICE"
"World peas"
"Mike Tyson"
"[Render] Downtown"
"[Render] Downtown"
"My brother and I are still working on our Minecraft city..."
"Totally ripped off"
"This is the text..."
"What kind of spaceship ride is this!?"
"ENGAGE!"
"Like a boss"
"YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH!"
"Reasons why I don't give Australians shit...."
"Three New Messages"
"Three New Messages"
"Look to the cookie  Reddit. Look to the cookie"
"Seinfeld black and white cookie"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"&quot;Some people just want to watch the world burn&quot;"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn..."
"If you believe the Noah's Ark story really happened  are you insane?"
"Titanic v Noah's Ark"
"They grow up so fast"
"On what day did god create this?"
"Hydrothermal Worms Awwwww yeahhhhh!"
"Some things you just don't want to see in your own microscope."
"This is not photoshop  no clever graphics  no movie scene... it's a hydrothermal worm  among the smallest living things on Planet Earth."
"These little guys live in your bed."
"This little fox has not quite learned to chase his own tail."
"Wait for me mommy !"
"Googled &quot;Hurricane Sandy Jersey Shore&quot; to see how bad the damage was. I was not disappointed"
"Googled &quot;Hurricane Sandy Jersey Shore&quot; to see how bad the damage was. I was not disappointed."
"You're not a taco."
"I could just eat him up!"
"Tiny puppy in a taco"
"burrito"
"Trying to get out of the friendzone."
"Nunchaku Ping Pong"
"Nunchaku Ping-Pong [gif]"
"What used to be a coral reef during prehistoric times now stands above the ground and serves as a swimming hole for southern Texans"
"I don't understand what's so--oh...NSFW"
"a marble being held in front of a map blew my mind at a [6]"
"Don't you know there are children starving to death in Africa?"
"Awesome."
"This shouldn't amuse me as much as it does."
"Everytime I see a slinky... (Thanks Ace Ventura!)"
"How I felt after going to 14 stores without finding a single Twinkie..."
"Already addicted to a life of glamour..."
"Gangster grandma."
"What Captain America's shield is made of"
"U.S. AIRFORCE AIRCRAFT CHART"
"Bad Day? Same Here..."
"Overkill!"
"What I feel like doing when someone pushes the already lit elevator button that I just pushed"
"How I feel downvoting another comment to raise mine to the top."
"When you see a mosquito on your friend"
"Mosquito!"
"This was in my local paper a while ago"
"Two years ago  I found this particular web comic. It was then  that I knew reddit would become my home."
"Lost."
"I am not a clever man."
"Not a Clever Man"
"Every time I think talking to my ex is a good idea..."
"Wardrobe malfunction"
"When girls find out about my family money  they"
"clothes explosion (NSFW)ish"
"The First Time I See The New Girl At The Office [NSFW]"
"This picture of Lincoln colorized gives me a new view of one of our greatest presidents"
"Las Vegas suburb"
"Perfect timing"
"So a friend posted this picture on Facebook."
"Saw this on facebook  how messed up is the world?"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Baby accidentally everywhere"
"So this popped up on my Facebook feed..."
"After saving up and submitting all of my best content for my cake day  this is how I feel when it all fails."
"Oh why did i click on that nsfl link!?"
"This took me a hell of a lot longer than it should have."
"I always imagine this while driving in a snow storm"
"How I feel driving in a snowstorm at night"
"Googled &quot;sloth&quot;. This picture I found made all my troubles go away."
"Reason I know the Bible lies"
"I waxed for you babe"
"Come on baby"
"Batman pumpkin....freaking badass."
"My hat is two sharks. Your argument is invalid."
"If these existed I would definitely order pizza more often."
"The best door in Paris!"
"Would you take a look at that door real quick"
"He almost blends in with the couch..."
"MMOs will say *anything* in their ads to get you to play"
"What the fuck?"
"Every time someone cries repost"
"Mount Roraima – Venezuela"
"Cloud Island."
"Well that's just great"
"How I feel when I pay bills right after my paycheck comes."
"Me when my older brother takes my PS3 Controller while i am playing"
"Unimpressed America"
"Not Impressed"
"Barack Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed.."
"Obama is not impressed"
"I like this picture of Obama."
"Hellooooo  Seychelles"
"As a scientist myself  I condone this image."
"Prague High School releases statement regarding valedictorian  Kaitlin Nootbaar"
"That's a little much!"
"2000 HP boat used to smuggle drugs"
"What happens when a deer &amp; a corgi fall in love."
"What happens when a deer &amp; a corgi fall in love?"
"You promised not to tell."
"It's time to grow up"
"What always happens when I tell a friend a secret..."
"Super kitty senses"
"The licking-badass strikes again!"
"hores like carrots"
"United Steaks of America"
"United Steaks of America!"
"How I feel getting on the exercise bike after weeks of not working out."
"lightning caused by ash eruption"
"The perfect redditor..."
"How I imagine Redditors wake up"
"Andy Samberg covered in pussy. [SFW]"
"The gatekeeper to Reddit"
"I'll tell you what GOD did with ATHEISTS for 1500 years..."
"word."
"A lady at my work chews her gum like this. Whoever keeps selling her gum  needs to stop."
"Not a Ten Commandment"
"How almost every weekday is."
"It's The Ciiiiirrcle of Liiiiiii — SHIT!"
"Oh Fuck"
"Childhood ruined"
"This movie would have been a whole lot shorter if this were to happen"
"God of the Internet [FIXED] [OC]"
"googled God of the Internet... wasn't disappointed"
"Charlotte's web"
"The story of my existence"
"In a vain effort to vaccinate herself against obscurity  Jenny McCarthy attempts to suck the blood from Justin Bieber."
"Noted scientist Jenny McCarthy sexually assaulted Justin Beiber"
"McCarthy: &quot;I'm going to kill you if you don't give me back my clothe  Bieber!&quot;"
"So inspirational"
"Impossible!"
"Is this real?!"
"Unstoppable."
"Poster ad for the Canadian Paralympics"
"what is this game. I have seen screen caps of it two or three times  and would like to know what it is."
"Can I get a hot-tub!?"
"Gave my dog a bath today..."
"just my friend's pomeranian enjoying a bath in the sink"
"Courtesy of Facebook"
"Miles."
"Oh  the answer is &quot;train.&quot; Of course."
"How to please a woman [X-Post from r/funny]"
"That moment when you get the whole subway car to yourself"
"MemoryFoam"
"Memory foam."
"Ouch!"
"Whats the story of this funny picture?"
"The new new Beets by Dre"
"Female Boat"
"So I stood up and told that teachin' lady"
"Ron Catson."
"This explains so much..."
"Good"
"What I'm sick of seeing on Reddit"
"Obligatory cake day post."
"Merry chrisma??"
"The Grumpy Cat Christmas card I made for my sister"
"HAPPY NEW"
"Society is sociological"
"Whack yo"
"My reaction after my first semi-successful post"
"Too soon?"
"ped [X-Post]"
"A Penn State University Production - PED"
"PED"
"searched on google penn state death penalty and this appeared.. made me laugh"
"How I feel arguing something I don't believe in."
"No wonder it smells like fish down there...(NSFWish)"
"The deer that always drops by my front porch just had a baby!!!! Awwww how many up votes for this cute wonder??"
"I used to play the FUCK out of this as a little kid."
"Dean Martin once gave his famous burger recipe to a celebrity cook book. This was the result."
"Australian Peacock Spider"
"Quite"
"How quaint."
"Puppy Moustache"
"The world seen from Norway."
"The world seen from Norway"
"The world seen from Norway"
"The world seen from Norway"
"Wait for it..."
"My favorite gif."
"O_O"
"How I feel when I wait too long to poop and I lose the urge."
"Myth Busted?"
"Some guy randomly sent me this at 3AM..."
"Yo' Mama"
"Inferno through the eyes of a Demon Hunter"
"Swoosh."
"Barney?!"
"4chan perfectly sums up the answer to suicide."
"When my friend gets in trouble and brings me down with him"
"Hand-painted R2-D2 booty shorts!"
"How Mr Miagi Partied after Daniel-son won the tournament"
"&quot;I'll just go on Reddit for a minute...&quot;"
"Whenever I tell my friends I'm not drinking this weekend"
"Elevator at a [6]+"
"Confusion"
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Possibly the only funny 'Arrow to the knee' joke."
"The Chinese have figured out what Twilight really is about."
"Oh  Youtube"
"But don't quote me on that"
"But don't quote me on that (x-post from r/youtubecomments)"
"Nature's Toothbrush!"
"Toothbrush for your colon....Ooh Lala"
"He looks waaay too happy..."
"This guy looks way too happy.. x/post from r/funny"
"Go on.."
"brush brush brush"
"just an orphaned elephant wearing a coat."
"A baby elephant in a custom raincoat."
"I'm sorry  but yes."
"Lil guy just couldn't make it"
"My attempts to make the front page"
"Successfully setup my printer!!"
"Real Ewok"
"Sister's new puppy"
"The cutest thing I've ever seen in my life..."
"I expect everyone to do this now."
"Awesome fountain"
"how i feel after photoshopping an image  only to find out the original is on a subreddit where no one cares."
"John McCain mixed with a bad acid trip."
"I cant look away."
"Philly Public Transportation"
"Champagne Supernova"
"When i see my boyfriend for the first time since two weeks"
"Oh.. okay..."
"It's not that hard  you guys."
"I will never master this craft..."
"No I'd rather roll it into a ball"
"Because if I forgot  then I bet you did too."
"&quot;Om nom nom&quot; &quot;The hell are yo-&quot; &quot;NOM NOM NOM&quot;"
"It's my first ever cake day and I can't think of anything good to upload  so here's some frogs."
"&quot;Oh hey man didn’t see you there how’s it goi-&quot; &quot;BLAWUHGLAUHGLAUH&quot;"
"Bath Salts not even once"
"&quot;Oh hey  didn't see you there-&quot; &quot;BLARGGGAAMNOMNOMNOM&quot;"
"Killer straight air bro"
"ITS NOT TAME YET!"
"Reddit's relationship with reposts"
"Pissing after sex"
"Awesome crisis management"
"Gandalf the black-and-white"
"Suddenly  Santa"
"Merry Christmas in July! Ho Ho Oh dammit my back!"
"This one goes out to 37.6% of the girls on my Facebook."
"For The Ladies"
"Well  I guess if you want to get technical"
"J.G. Wentworth"
"Say chee- oh shit!"
"No gate  no steps  no problem."
"Have a nice day!"
"Slow and steady wins the optimal net income"
"Stunning picture of Mount Everest"
"Mount Everest as seen from Drukair [2971x1615]"
"Mount Everest as seen from Drukair"
"Wait  what?"
"Mind Blown..."
"Probably my favorite OC"
"The Bus Knight"
"Lol  he's like a superhero or something!"
"fight! fight! fight!"
"Awesome stick figure fight."
"Meanwhile in Denmark"
"Meanwhile in Denmark"
"16 clean kilometers"
"Just a picture of World's smallest man dancing with his cat..."
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his pet cat."
"The world's smallest man dancing with his cat"
"Clever"
"THIS"
"j"
"This is why I love Home Depot."
"Last words..."
"Meet American Alex Honnold  the foremost free soloist in the world  a man so mellow you might think he is stoned  but who has done some of the most extreme free solos in the history of climbing. Here Honnold climbs the 600 metre high Half Dome in California’s Yosemite Valley [1024x682]"
"Still leaves me at a loss for words. &quot;As he burned he never moved a muscle  never uttered a sound  his outward composure in sharp contrast to the wailing people around him.&quot;"
"my favourite sort of face swap"
"Why am I ... so turned on?"
"Just another great face swap."
"Oh hell naw!"
"Shet and Howler enjoy playing"
"priceless"
"Power Walking"
"This must be what the front page is like"
"Haven't logged in this account in months and turns out I just had a cake day. Here is my favorite gif. Make it rain."
"Dear Lord  Please Make Me the Easter Bunny This Year..."
"How's the love for hedgehogs here?"
"A hedgehog and his (soon to be) jam (x-post from r/funny)"
"fucking badass"
"I don't think I'd wear this dress....."
"There is no god."
"The simple truth."
"Bottomless"
"Assassination done right."
"Found at local rescue shelter...."
"Look at its face. LOOK AT IT!"
"When someone tries to argue that Link is Zelda"
"Acrobats on the Empire State Building"
"I see your Nope Workout Plan  and I raise you this acrobats on a ledge of the Empire State Building in 1934."
"Some vintage adrenaline. Acrobats balance on top of the Empire State Building [813x1024]"
"Acrobats on the Empire State Building (X-Post from AdrenalinePorn)"
"thaitanic"
"Canadian car chase"
"As a Metalhead  this is how I'm going to feel tonight while with my friends at a Shins concert."
"Whenever i try writing on the first day of school after summer break."
"Quitting smoking  and this is how I feel..."
"Holly IKEA"
"How come he gets the easy one!?"
"Is that a camera?!"
"wazuuuuuuuupppp"
"It was a dark and starry knight..."
"Starry (dark) Night"
"The Dark Starry Knight"
"The Dark Starry Knight"
"Dark Starry Knight"
"Pet rock."
"Drive-thru..."
"The joy of living in Texas.."
"Fast food"
"Buddy just got a job in Sea World. Posted this on facebook."
"Password issue anyone ?"
"Oh Youtube"
"What's happened when you've made the front page"
"When I found out my ex-girlfriend was pregnant"
"This was on my news feed."
"One Mega Bite"
"Upgraded my computer today. One megabite at a time."
"Get off Reddit and wuv me!"
"Toast! ^^"
"Troll Batman"
"Very clever  Batman."
"Batman does not fuck around."
"Batman isn't very good with jokes."
"Sorry if this is a repost... made me laugh for an hour straight"
"Yum."
"Mr. Beans take"
"My Othello outline for English Class"
"My teacher recently tried to block &quot;bad&quot; websites on my computer... He doesn't know about Reddit."
"Big spoon"
"Cutest Dog Picture Ever!"
"Knitler!"
"Got it as a joke over 18 Months Ago. Probably one of the biggest mistakes I've made."
"How to brush your teeth like a man!"
"How to brush your teeth like a man."
"How to brush like a man."
"So this appeared on my news feed today..."
"Hero status"
"Never been with a one legged chick before"
"Nextflix with Bloosport 4  and not 1 2 or 3."
"As a minority  getting into a reddit discussion about racism."
"Can Someone Explain This?"
"Guys wut are you doing? Stahp"
"Someone please send help!!!"
"Hi. I'm eight and a half inches"
"Me  when I first started using the internet (x-post from r/SouthPark)"
"Oh  Eric Cartman"
"South park at its best"
"Oh Eric"
"Possum on a gumbush!"
"General Lee Rides Again"
"General Lee Rides Again [gif]"
"YEEE HA!"
"They're getting onto us!"
"How to decode texting!"
"I wish I had 13 friends to jump rope with"
"Sometimes it seems like I was dealt a bad hand"
"EVERYBODY!"
"After flipping through the questions on your final exam"
"Opportunist dog."
"It's my Reddit cakeday. Here's a fat penguin."
"How I felt in high school."
"Judgement Day"
"I really need to poo- NOPE"
"I need to pi...NOPE"
"This is why you look before you sit."
"When Someone Drops a Deuce and Doesn't Flush"
"Checking stash and finding out I'm dry."
"The REAL award for most stressful level in a game goes to..."
"The Germans really did this stuff before SNL's &quot;Sprockets&quot; sketch"
"Whoops!"
"When your troubled and you need to stop for groceries"
"Putting on underwear that's fresh out of the dryer."
"Griffin's got Da Funk"
"a polka works good to"
"Black Ezio"
"The most realistic cosplay I have ever seen. [X-post from /r/assassinscreed]"
"Zach Braff on sport"
"Zach Braff on sport"
"How I feel clicking on NSFW links during no-fap september"
"How it feels making a toasted BLT after my wife cleans the kitchen."
"Apparently Dungeons Of Dredmor got a small bit of DLC while I was out."
"I think a lot of the internet was just downloaded."
"Spotted in the UK: The slippery slope of gun control..."
"Spotted in the UK (x/post - r/guns)"
"Spotted in the UK: The slippery slope of gun control...[X-Post from r/guns]"
"I had a very slow day at work and my friend found out..."
"Every day since summer started."
"I know I'd watch this..."
"Frozen Ice of Lake Baikal  Siberia"
"Storm Flyover"
"The Cleveland Orchestra went all out for Halloween [x-post from r/classicalmusic]"
"The Cleveland Orchestra went all out for Halloween [x-post from r/classicalmusic]"
"Just like Reddit"
"Who do you think you are!?"
"This is morrisey boulevard in Boston  MA. That's umass boston in the background."
"Umass Boston hasn't cancelled classes for tomorrow. Good luck to anyone commuting..."
"His face when he realizes it."
"OH FUCK YES!"
"New redditor here. Been lurking for quite some time. Here's the best thing I could think of to be my first post. Some of you have seen this. All of you should love it."
"And the winner of 'Best water slide reaction' goes to..."
"Biblical evidence for a flat earth Troll?"
"Yeah  probably..."
"Skrillex tattoo? Puh-lease..."
"High for life"
"I'm high!"
"Incredible digitally blended day into night photo of New York City. Photographer Stephen Wilkes."
"New York City. Both day and night."
"Photographer Stephen Wilkes creates remarkable images of night and day at once by setting up his camera to take pictures of a single scene over and over for 15 hours. He then blends the images to get this time-defying effect."
"Found this on Facebook (Not sure if repost)"
"Pwned"
"Hope I'm doing this right - [first post here]"
"I thought this was a better fit."
"Look! 2 Girls fighti- wait  what"
"We're all doomed"
"My air conditioner died last night."
"That's that"
"Please Forgive Me &lt;3"
"Hey  what's up with you? (x-post from r/funny)"
"how i felt after i heard that justin beiber called himself the kurt kobain of this generation"
"Be right back. Gonna go see TDKR"
"its time"
"How I felt before heading to the Red Mountain for the final battle"
"This was the first hit when I googled &quot;most racist picture&quot;."
"This is how he was forced to move out of the way  it wasn't publicized."
"Newspaper headline from the Seahawks &quot;win&quot; against the Packers"
"You've got to give the guy credit..."
"I think you're doing it wrong."
"DUCK or RABBIT ?"
"Walking out of the bathroom after a glorious bowel movement"
"Receiving indirect karma."
"How I feel (on the inside) when I win an argument."
"The lyrics strangely fit..."
"The Greatest Thing Ever!"
"Gangnam Style"
"What an interesting comparison"
"Checkmate  atheists. The education system failed this girl miserably."
"I stepped on somebody"
"A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska"
"Hi diddly ho  neighborino!"
"Umbilical Phone Charger Chord"
"Umbilical iPhone charger?"
"This looks about right"
"Is it just me or does the Canadian Lynx look really disproportionate?"
"I think I just teared up a little...."
"Puppy and Kitten  cuddlin'"
"How I feel having reached the 850th post in r/funny"
"Some Quick (and Scary) Facts about PETA"
"Thanksgiving on Sesame Street"
"What Seeing a Christian Defend the Church is Like"
"Every Time I Post on Reddit"
"Such a responisble father"
"Pro parenting"
"Father of the year II?"
"OMG Schocking In A Cute Way!!"
"Mindfuck."
"Science."
"I bought this game almost exclusively for the FFXII demo. Little did I know I was in for one of the greatest RPG's ever."
"So  remind me: why wasn't this more popular?"
"Developed by Chuck Norris for stunt fighting in action movies"
"Info regarding you.....Mind=Blown"
"Wait what?"
"Bodies hitting the floor!"
"How to Play GTA (Kotaku)"
"It doesn't have to make sense."
"Oh  that Niko. He is a wild and craaazy guy!"
"At one point in our history  you could have actually voted for this man"
"Teddy Roosevelt - Like a BOSS"
"I'm a hardcore Christian"
"How to troll Christians"
"Awesome Blastoise"
"Bleach It Away!"
"Amanda Todd's unreleased commercial"
"All. The. Time."
"Soon..."
"Don't bread your stupidity."
"50 Shades of grey (Chav style)"
"Hi I'm Christianity  and this is Jackass."
"Saw this on my FaceBook today... Stay off the highways March 31st  2013"
"Popped up on my newsfeed. I really hope that this doesn't happen..."
"Possibly the best review ever... &quot;da free d iz amayzin!&quot;"
"Going on a road trip to meet up with my girlfriend  her best friend is riding with me: this is the itinerary I sent her."
"Popped up on newsfeed...Dont know if real or not but gives some perspective on how the PSU scandals affects the community"
"I don't know of any &quot;good&quot; Christians but my friend here comes close. She is sure in going to hell for not believing but she is still a keeper"
"Oops! [FB]"
"Because tits trump any &quot;god&quot; any day"
"r/funny didn't like this. &quot;Fifty Shades of Grey (for men.)&quot;"
"This woman has a point."
"The fuck is this woman!"
"Found this in a rage thread. Fuck."
"Success: the [FB] coincidence."
"My friends here in Louisiana have mixed views on gun control. [FB]"
"Awesome [FB] coincidence I managed to catch. success."
"You see that glass? You can climb it."
"This is me whenever a circle breaks out at a dance club/party"
"Got three upvotes (haters gonna hate)"
"Allow me to present... &quot;The Thinker&quot;"
"My current wallpaper  share your own in the comments."
"On the way to Woodstock  1969 (Xpost from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"Goat's hoof shoes with golden revolver heels"
"When life gives you lemons..."
"Happens all the time."
"dust pan ffffuuuuuuuuu"
"Dustpan Rage"
"Shit's on fire in Australia"
"Best way to pass time..."
"Obama knows."
"3D porno &quot;makes&quot; woman pregnant...."
"I swear it's your kid."
"Women Got Pregnant off of a 3D Movie"
"Uh....Seriously?"
"Seems Legit..."
"This is how babies are born from technology"
"Boop"
"Would anyone else love a sequel to this epic game?"
"When you're reading a person's graphic tee and they walk away before you finish reading"
"Hard to be a teacher.. true or false?"
"This makes me wololo every time..."
"What a cute little doggy!"
"Throw your hands in the air if you're a true playa"
"Imagine laying on the beach and having one of these fuckers walk up to you. Nope."
"Yeah  it's a rat fucking a dead rat"
"Stay with me  Brian!!!!!!"
"Stalin: Turns out he looked quite like a hipster"
"Drawww. . . crap"
"Australian Peacock Spider"
"Damn  No fishing"
"found this in a bar in miami.."
"Call of duty logic"
"My new wallpaper"
"Found my old Gameboy Advance SP and Pokemon games"
"Me seeing Women's volleyball and Women's beach volley ball on at the same time but on different channels"
"When I hit 1000 Karma."
"When all /r/funny posts have over 1000 upvotes"
"I throw my hands up in the air sometimes"
"in elementary school THIS is what going to the computer lab REALLY meant"
"Bad Brother"
"Your band sucks."
"Get that girly shit out of here!"
"My childhood  summed up in one .gif."
"yep"
"Asking god to rescue me from my wife"
"Bacon and eggs"
"Why i became an atheist"
"Cat Fight"
"Sneak level: 99"
"Above the beatles."
"Evolution of humanity"
"The evolution of man"
"The Evolution of the Human Species"
"When my leg falls asleep..."
"The Difference Between Cats and Dogs"
"Business cat visits Japan. That is all."
"An average day in the life of business cat"
"w-what did you do with Sonic?! [x-post from r/wtf]"
"Fox"
"Scrubbin' Bubbles are real!?"
"Whenever I pull out gum/candy in class"
"BALL!"
"Hadouken!"
"Mars [x-post r/spaceporn]"
"I like Curiosity pictures  but Opportunity has produced some incredible stuff as well. Let's show the little guy some attention! Here's my very small but carefully hand picked collection."
"You and me both  Darren"
"Who remembers this gem!"
"One of the best soft drinks ever. It can now only be found in Norway."
"If you were a kid in the late 90's you will understand....Feed the Rush!"
"WHY?"
"Jon Stewart welcoming the Pope to twitter!!"
"Jon Stewart on the Pope getting Twitter."
"Looks like Anna Kendrick has been on r/gonewild (SFW)"
"Looks like Anna Kendrick has recently been on r/gonewild (SFW)"
"My thoughts on the Instagram scandal."
"Why I love Ricky Gervais"
"Rainn Wilson on Zero Dark Thirty."
"Movies these days"
"Future Scumbag Cheater"
"TIL an ex-girlfriend became a .gif"
"When I try to remember a funny joke I made"
"Rob Ryan has another message for you"
"Screw Zeus' thunderbolts  Poseidon's trident  or the Eye of Ra  this is what God in 2012 uses."
"This just make me sad. Scrabble anyone?"
"Turtle Burgers"
"Mother of meat..."
"Good God. Ron Swanson would have a heart attack"
"Well  that was unexpected"
"1 Down  8 to Go"
"How to give a 7 year-old a panic attack."
"Guys  I finally got invited to a party but..."
"Some shit is about to go down"
"All I could think of when I saw this."
"Some shit is about to go down[FIXT]"
"Simple  yet powerfull - Brazzers"
"'Cock Ring"
"Fuck you! I'm a fucking snake!"
"Clueless"
"Not just any Homework Site"
"Never Forget - 9/11"
"This is genius O_O"
"Thigh Strength"
"Math Teacher Fail."
"Today's teachers make me fear for the next generation."
"This is why America can't have nice things"
"A Woman's Secret"
"Pokemon Gone Wild [xPost from r/everywhere]"
"Woman's Secret!"
"I think the interior designer is dicking around with us."
"What Pope Benedict thinks of it all."
"The mind does wander..."
"Ferret afraid of peanut butter"
"Oh YouTube comments"
"YouTube never fails to amuse me."
"My thoughts on the now infamous sexual assault thread"
"When I see someone call another person out for telling a fake story on the internet."
"Hospital food"
"When life turns on you....you HACK IT"
"Amazing Life Hacks"
"Amazing life hacks!"
"Why does this exist"
"&quot;The classic look all the time!&quot;"
"Although largely unpublicized  the great cookie war of 1984 was one of the greatest atrocities towards the chocolate chip population."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Go for the gold."
"My Videogame Wallpaper Collection"
"Babysitting"
"Charlie Chilling With Chester"
"Dennis Leary on racism"
"A good Pokemon drinking game. (It's a repost  just trying to spread the fun)"
"Fuck Aquaman."
"how i feel calculating the grade i need to get on the final exam to pass the class"
"So this girl I like accepted my friend request on Facebook"
"You had ONE JOB  pope..."
"Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji"
"&quot;Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji&quot;. Would have to agree."
"Scumbag Cat"
"Cats are assholes"
"Cats. Not even once."
"What wizardry is this?!"
"Normally when someone yells &quot;jello shots!&quot; I run into the other room  but these look fun."
"Just what my cats have been needing."
"Welcome to internet  may I help you?"
"The Unicat Hat?"
"Cats Love It!"
"Unicorn cat is not amused"
"Cats Love it!"
"Inflatable Unicorn Horn For Cats"
"When I try to beat my friend at any fighting game"
"Praiiizzuh Jeeezusah!"
"Jesus vs. Jeezus"
"Group picture"
"Happy Halloween"
"Halloween is around the corner!"
"shotgun"
"How I feel about trees"
"You had one job[FIXED]"
"Well  that's enough internet tonight... [NSFW]"
"I gave him plenty of chances  but he failed to get me to the front page."
"Never gets old."
"I has a bucket"
"The best gift the internet has ever given"
"my favorite meme as a kid"
"still the funniest picture I've come across on the internet.."
"I saw daddy last night"
"You mean to tell me..."
"Shark being engulfed by a fish."
"Oh thats a cool little shark... wait WHAT"
"Whenever my little sister posts pictures of herself in a bikini on Facebook."
"Discovered Adult Friend Finder in my mom's history folder"
"End result of my attempt at Slender"
"Ronald Reagan's valiant steed"
"OF COURSE Reagan rode a velociraptor into battle!"
"'MERRICA!"
"Googled Badass American... was not disappointed."
"How warfare SHOULD be fought."
"Extreme guitar playing in Libya today"
"Meanwhile  in Libya."
"That annoying guy from college found himself in the Arab spring."
"Too Soon?"
"Valentine's Day hate marketing."
"I would be that happy too."
"Say goodbye to your sex life!"
"Every time  I hope he misses.."
"My friend just drew this  thought it deserved more than facebook"
"when you see it..."
"Gay.Love."
"Gay Love!"
"You otter be kidding me"
"Smooth"
"So I decided to teach myself to use photoshop.."
"Whoooooo loves orange soda?"
"In honor of shark week."
"How can you argue with this logic?"
"Me  as someone from Miami when I hear everyone else complain about the weather.... (humidity)"
"I'll never forget this place"
"Will Smith doesn't ride cheap..."
"Will Smith doesn't ride cheap..."
"Will Smith doesn't ride cheap..."
"Avengers Gangnam Style"
"This entertains me way too much"
"Every time I watch the Jersey Shore..."
"Seriously wtf?"
"I miss these...they always tasted better than the cartons"
"Call for a good time..."
"Good times"
"I want one!"
"That finger must seem like a tree to him"
"How I feel knowing I can upvote and downvote with A and Z"
"PoP"
"I present the upvote machine gif"
"Living the high-life"
"Everything wrong today."
"Lets riot after we win the world series"
"He has problems too."
"How people acted for the new iPhone."
"Stay serious."
"How I felt after finally getting an invite to Google+"
"It was a draw"
"Gotcha  bitch!"
"Hot Tub Boat"
"Best friends forever."
"When I learned that on my birthday (today) and the next day are full of finals:"
"How I felt when my boyfriend of a year and a half broke up with me on my birthday..."
"Friend just posted this on FB  Lower East Side of Manhattan (~7:30pm EST)"
"friend just posted this on FB from Philly!"
"In the lower east side  NY  now! Run!"
"Apparently taken from lower east side  Manhattan. (Courtesy of George Takei)"
"Manhattan: 20th St &amp; Ave. C"
"Lower Manhattan has seen better days.."
"This is what it looks like in Manhattan at Ave C and 20th street right now. Photo by David S. Spivak"
"Bye bye  Wall Street"
"Hurricane Sandy NYC Flooding"
"The Lower Eastside"
"Just a mouse on a swing"
"Maybe the cuttest hamster ever"
"He's seen some shit"
"Inception"
"Made it to the front page"
"Fuck Yeah"
"apply cool water to burned area (big girl version)"
"Now what?"
"The top 20 downloading countries  and their most illegally shared artists"
"Top 20 pirating countries with most popular artists. Dafuq Hungary?!"
"Mr. Snowman's mood changed quickly during his photo shoot..."
"Mr. Snowman is not pleased."
"Modeling session gone wrong"
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"Some Things Never Change"
"Only in Australia."
"&quot;Hi  I'm a Mac...And I'm a PC&quot;"
"Mac and PC...."
"Puppy walking on air"
"Why you shouldn't drive people around in the tray of your truck."
"Rare Baby White Sea Turtle"
"When I post something I'm sure is going to hit the front page."
"Good luck with jump  Frog. You can do it! Show us cunt proud!"
"Romney leading the charge"
"Leading the charge..."
"ROMNEY-RYAN: LEADING THE CHARGE"
"Horses and Bayonets"
"Horses and Bayonets"
"The Truth Behind the Rugrats"
"Every time i ask reddit for help...."
"how i feel when people say &quot;first post ever&quot; in their title"
"How I feel when people mention something is a repost"
"Mr. Bean at his best"
"I see what you did there..."
"Hey girls  did you know..."
"What trying to get to the frontpage without a costume is like on Halloween"
"I see your gifs of you trying to reach the front page  and raise you my even more hopeless attempts at reaching it."
"Green Mall in Osaka  Japan"
"Well I am going to be more careful in chatrooms now"
"How NOT to impress the girls at school..."
"Every time I post something on Reddit that I think will get me a lot of upvotes...."
"When my first ever post got downvoted"
"Every time I post something to Reddit"
"When i find out i misspelled my title after i hit submit."
"I hope you saved me a bullet  Stewie..."
"I always look at pictures like these to keep my mindset positive. Anyone have any more?"
"Twitch_Romney_Explosions.gif"
"New gifs you say? OK THEN"
"Twitchy Romney shooting"
"Always makes me laugh"
"battling a new gaming addiction - what WOW:MOP has done to my work/school/social life"
"The reality of Lion King vs the cartoon"
"Hakuna Matata - means no worries... for lions..."
"I know exactly who I am. I am everything I wanted to be."
"I Can Die Happy Now"
"That's Right  I Did Things The Hard Way"
"The drive home after swimming at the pool"
"Easy like finding your pocket"
"Nope  nope  nope  nope  nope  ah fuck it!"
"Someone farts in a elevator"
"Oh... Hello."
"Yeah...take it off! Wait...what?"
"But...why?"
"No pencils for you!"
"How I imagine Reposters"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Pedo Baloo"
"I hate mondays  Banksey edition"
"I hate Mondays"
"I hate Mondays"
"I never understood this"
"Now shit will hit the fan"
"Shit's about to go down."
"Big spider"
"Nice haircu....NOPE!!!"
"Karma is a bitch"
"Maybe dogs are smarter than we think..."
"How I feel when I am the last one on my team in dodge ball"
"Hey  guys  remember this?"
"I'm having flashbacks."
"Shut the fuck up  Ernie!"
"Cat Beard"
"My  what an interesting beard you have..."
"Always wash you're what.."
"How i feel after buying really rough toilet paper"
"Scumbag advertising"
"Whoever designed this ad should be force-fed a bag of dicks"
"(xpost from WTF) This is unacceptable. Proactiv should be ashamed."
"Got acne? - Spot treatment ad"
"Even at 23 years old I can never reach this level of gangsta!"
"i was browsing old pics on imgur and found this gem"
"I don't agree with Planking  but the Scottish know how to take it to a whole other level."
"planking level: BOSS"
"Painfully True"
"Any former Christians been here?"
"First toke in 2 months. It's good to be back! [9]"
"Looks like I'll actually have to be productive"
"Why fall depresses me."
"Parkouch"
"What's really going inside of Iron Man's helmet..."
"How Tony Stark spends his free time"
"What Black Magic Is This!?"
"What Black Magic Is This!?"
"Just walking the dog past PETA headquarters."
"Improvised hair tie"
"[NSFW] Awesome Hair Band"
"Police dog tackle"
"Sandwich (made in China)."
"Choose Wisely:"
"Puppy Dog Eyes"
"God and Lions. First submission. Thought this was appropriate"
"The best thing to appear on my newsfeed."
"in case of emergency  break the glass [fb]"
"My mom tries so hard  gotta love that"
"After Work On Friday"
"dalmation in sunlight"
"now someone will jump and say    hey ! that's photoshopped ! noo the sun can go through Certain types of Dogs!!"
"Dalmatian Shadow Art"
"I'll debut my art piece on Reddit. This was inspired by oldschool Danny Elfman &amp; Tim Burton movies. [process inside]"
"Reserved seating"
"When I see a front page full of complaints that someone else made it to the front page with a reactiongif they'd already posted."
"When I'm Forced To Read On r/funny"
"You mean Philanthropist  Charlie..."
"Cut my life into pizza.."
"Oh  hello!"
"Hey you! Come back  I have to tell you something. Don't go."
"Urkel gliding past Will Smith and Reggie Miller during the 1991 rock n' jock basketball game."
"Someone please explain how this works."
"They said I could be anything  so I became a watermelon."
"I have no idea what to make of this..."
"Here WTF  my favorite gif (NSFW)"
"Woodless graphite/charcoal pencil drawing of Bane - &quot;The Bane of My Existence&quot;"
"There's that one cookie..."
"Fairies DO exist [Fixed]"
"An alternate use for cats"
"Balls of Steel"
"This is what I think every time I see this pic"
"Every 60 seconds..."
"How Sad D':"
"Slenderman Meets Enderman"
"Court dismissed"
"Possibly one of the greatest mousepads ever created"
"Gangnam style"
"well  my life is now complete."
"My my  that's quite a Jenga you have there"
"Oh hey girl..."
"How I pictured the night going when my girlfriend suggested we have a &quot;game night&quot;"
"Go ahead... Play it."
"The Enforcer"
"epic ninja?"
"Damn!"
"Ouch"
"Da holy Fuq ??"
"I hate these bastards so much"
"if you drive like this  fuck you"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Everybody on r/aww with cats"
"Reddit in a nutshell. [Fixed]"
"Cthulusaurus Rex"
"Beer With Jesus"
"Beer With Jesus!"
"Googled &quot;what is reddit&quot; - this was the second image. Do we really look like this?"
"Just 2 rabbits in a cup"
"a little dance"
"Double Trouble [gif]"
"my face when i detect fart"
"Shel knew what was up."
"Evolution of the Batman-Logo"
"Evolution of the Batman-Logo"
"Evolution of the Batman-Logo"
"Evolution of the Batman Logo"
"Every time there is a really long post..."
"Can someone explain me what the fuckery is this?"
"This is really tripping me out [gif]"
"Not sure what the hell I am looking at..."
"&quot;Horse&quot; &amp; Buggy [gif]"
"Right everyone  get it saved for various Facebook responses..."
"A Slight Revision on a Great Meme [hope you don't mind]"
"When people brag about how little sleep they got last night"
"Boop!"
"Basically  me looking at girls."
"Old Military VD warning poster. &quot;You can't beat the Axis if you get VD.&quot;"
"You can't beat the Axis if you have VD."
"Food Porn [SFW]"
"Dr Seuss  the unedited version"
"Stop browsing reddit and study for finals you say?"
"Toadstool"
"Awesome amputee elephant."
"Finally got free from that damn call center job"
"The internet"
"No Thanks..."
"Holy Bat-nipples Batman!"
"Its useless..."
"Useless box [fixed]"
"Harder  Better  Faster  Stronger"
"Scumbag Muslim"
"Good guy Muslim  because there's always a bright side"
"So  Timmy  what did you learn in Sunday school today?"
"Nope  guess I was wrong."
"North Korea has developed a new weapon reportedly more deadly than their nuclear program."
"Living with depression"
"Suddenly  this isn't such a bad idea..."
"After the Redbull Stratos last weekend  this old image from the interwebs has never been more relevant"
"With all this talk about Felix Baumgartner and the redbull stratos. How come we're not doing this."
"Something Fishy"
"Went to the bunny ranch... not what I expected."
"was doing Imgur roulette when suddenly...."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"the flow of content on the internet"
"LIVE ACTION PATRICK STAR"
"Found this bad boy on twitter (from @SeleneKamini) on why Atheists should be kicked out of the US"
"So i looked at your Frankenstorm pic.. and then wanted to check that new FB message ... 3 times before DOH"
"Amazing lightning as seen from bridge in Austin  TX"
"Arizona tanline"
"Arizona tan line."
"How does it feel?"
"A truly dedicated Redditor"
"How I imagine most of reddit."
"How I feel at family reunions"
"The main reason why I am an atheist"
"Who's hungry?"
"Catpetition"
"My nightly battle with the Internet is a little bit like this."
"Why hello there"
"Look who I found under the blanket!"
"First world problem - Solved"
"It was you!!"
"Walked in on my mom placing money under my little sisters pillow in return for a tooth"
"Like a Moss!"
"passive aggressive"
"I don't think this song has ever fit more than it does right now."
"They don't think it be like it is  but it do?"
"Happy Monday"
"It's just out there. Like that. Dude  come on. Really?"
"Ways to stop crying"
"If only this actually happened"
"facebook you vs. real you"
"Sexy"
"So many questions left unanswered..."
"We've all been there buddy."
"Every crash needs an explosion at the end."
"Michael Bay???"
"Flock Up"
"We were in the computer lab and I managed to stumble upon this fantastic picture."
"This is mind-numbing."
"This is crazy..."
"BMX Double Front Flip [gif]"
"On a hot summer day"
"Woody Allen on god"
"So you must all remember the terrorist attack on Glasgow Airport a few years ago  how many of you remember this absolute hero?!"
"I used to love to swim in the ocean....until I saw one of these!"
"A tiger swimming in water"
"Cool picture I found on imgur"
"Oldie but Goodie."
"Not Sure If This Works"
"As true then as it is now."
"Because fuck Feminine Equality??"
"A dog riding a dolphin"
"AND I STILL WANT MOAR."
"Ha! My sales director embedded this in a company-wide email about the debate on cloud computing"
"My Mormon mother watching a documentary about Mormonism right now."
"My friend told me to  I'm sorry."
"What I see when someone posts anything related to Game of Thrones"
"A regular feature since the inaugural race  11 religious leaders - representing the Bahai faith  Buddhism  Christianity  Hinduism  Islam  Jainism  Judaism  Sikhism  Taoism and Zoroastrianism - gather to bless the Singapore Grand Prix event and pray for the safety of the drivers."
"A regular feature since the inaugural race  11 religious leaders - representing the Bahai faith  Buddhism  Christianity  Hinduism  Islam  Jainism  Judaism  Sikhism  Taoism and Zoroastrianism - gather to bless the Singapore Grand Prix event and pray for the safety of the drivers."
"A handful of karma"
"1% win."
"Was driving home from work today when suddenly..."
"Yes  this guy is riding his bicycle on the BQE."
"How I poop in a bathroom with potpourri"
"I got the diarrhea  and have been pissing out of my ass for the past two hours... THIS is how I poop."
"Me When Taking a Bathroom Break During Work."
"Elmo is so fresh."
"How I poop when on a public toilet"
"How I poop at the Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell on Jamaica Avenue"
"How I poop at the Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell on Jamaica Avenue"
"satisfaction  this is it"
"In an Airplane Bathroom During Turbulence"
"All the years I've watched The Simpsons...Never noticed this!"
"Japanese Anchorman Ages Quickly"
"Turns out Dyson makes Gravity Hammers"
"cant come up with a title for this?"
"I'm INVINCIBLE!"
"Aladeen Mothafucker Part II"
"I'm INVINCIBLE! (fixed)"
"Dancin' Machines"
"My kind of Christmas gift"
"I bring you love!"
"BREAK IT'S LEGS!"
"How I imagine people who let their dog shit in the middle of the sidewalk"
"Why Batman beats Jesus."
"Jerry dropped a little too much Lysergic Acid Diethylamide."
"Cosmo"
"Is it okay to put this here...?"
"How long 500 Days of Summer should have lasted."
"Hitler on a sled."
"This bear does not give two shits"
"Mortal combear"
"Handy safe-sex flow chart (according to the medieval penitentials)"
"R.I.P. Mike.."
"Oooh that tummy!"
"Hello bunny !"
"Love the Heart on this cat's fur. Beautiful."
"Just 5 more minutes..."
"Inception style Neil deGrasse Tyson  found on twitter. &quot;Neil deGrasse Tyson and me with a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson and me with a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson and me.&quot; See comments for twitter link."
"Ball So Hard"
"grandma knows how to party!"
"Grandma doesn't want to share"
"Fancy seeing you here"
"deal with it"
"Miles away"
"This comic always makes me laugh no matter how many times i read it"
"The first comic of the homophobic seal"
"The origon of The Gay Seal"
"This Election Day  don't forget to..."
"The first thing I noticed was that they added heads."
"90s Barbie / 00s Barbie"
"Thats quite a collection you have there sir"
"The long and short of the NBA"
"The long and short of the NBA (x-post from r/nba)"
"Carpet of Flowers"
"Carpet of Flowers."
"College (the best waste of time) [comic] (x-post r/woahdude)"
"Christianity can be fun."
"It's super effective!"
"Well that could have been a disaster... (X-post)"
"Someone at Walmart is missing a burrito"
"Thug Life."
"Portable cassette players  because iPods are too main stream."
"Cupcake dog war flashbacks GIF"
"Dramatic Cupcake dog remembers..."
"Probably a repost  but still my favorite fucking gif on the internet"
"Flash Backs"
"The horror..."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
"American Tragedy"
"A Moment of Silence  Please"
"Nice one Jerry"
"That pug had it coming."
"Made me laugh!"
"What'd you say ?"
"Who was this kid?"
"How I feel when I flash away from 3 enemies right into the other 2 "
"Need a little more than &quot;Yesterday&quot; please.. Perhaps a timestamp?"
"Damn  I hate when this happens!"
"To prove he was home alone...."
"My ritual in the restroom before every presentation..."
"I am stronger than you!"
"The NFL season summed up in one picture"
"Oh  NFL replacement refs..."
"Touchdown...?"
"As a construction worker who works in the hetat  what I am dreaming of 90% of the time at work."
"Bacon Rock"
"I work at Pizza hut  and earlier today a frail old lady waddled in to pick up her pizza order. I nearly lost it when I saw her name."
"I work at Pizza hut  and earlier today a frail old lady waddled in to pick up her pizza order. I nearly lost it when I saw her name."
"Ermegersh peezer Hert"
"We do need more bayonets like this one."
"Favorite collection of facepalms."
"When I saw that 13 of the top 20 songs on iTunes were by Taylor Swift"
"Sitting in engineering lecture when someone stops the class to ask what absolute value was"
"What I think when my sister starts to argue with me"
"90's kids know."
"Safety first"
"virginity king"
"How I feel when people complain about teenagers."
"Donkey"
"[PIC] Plugged In Like A Boss"
"Just a good Counter"
"High horse"
"Honestly  I don't have a title for this."
"When people tell me to chew with my mouth closed"
"Cover the centre and the dots speed up  cover the corners and the dots slow down..."
"In the name of science..."
"Indeed. slightly NSFW"
"When I find a pornstar who looks like an attractive female friend of mine and I know I have material to last weeks."
"Hiding from the police"
"If you park like this  fuck....actually  that's okay"
"How I think I look when I'm running late to work..."
"Cars Swallowed by Grass at CMP Block in Taiwan"
"The Last of Us"
"The Last of Us"
"The mash up no one is asking for!"
"ONE JOB PHIL.YOU HAD ONE JOB."
"You only had one job..."
"&quot;Impregnate my ass!&quot; and other motivational quotes from Japan."
"Sentinels of the Arctic"
"Just Finland in the winter"
"Who remembers these 3?"
"&quot;Why do you go on Reddit?&quot; &quot;Oh you know dear...articles and stuff&quot;"
"I don't even have to try anymore Google"
"Google  you never fail to impress"
"Porn fail"
"Thanks  Google  now I understand"
"Thanks Google for never letting me down!"
"This Guy"
"I like to t... And then google blew my mind"
"Perhaps this is something Chic-fil-a may like to consider doing:"
"I'll have you know..."
"Something we can all agree on"
"Best Use of Mac Genie Effect. EVER."
"I Had a Dream"
"I had a dream like that once"
"What I told my girlfriend after she deliberately squeezed my nut sack."
"smiling goat"
"Whenever someone mentions a rimjob [SFW]"
"Punny chemistry cat"
"Two men walk into a bar."
"Chemistry puns you say?"
"Science Cat"
"How I feel browsing r/Poop"
"How i feel about every &quot;not sure if repost&quot; posts"
"This happens to me in every Bethesda game..."
"So I wandered into r/Penis today"
"ordered something at a restaurant called &quot;camel balls&quot; out of curiosity"
"We all did it"
"As a gay man on reddit  this is what I think of every time I click a nsfw link."
"I don't know what I expected..."
"My cat died 7 years ago  but I still miss him every day. I drew this for everyone who's lost their feline buddy ^_^"
"Lost a feline friend a while ago. This was what brought me out."
"NOON..."
"Wtf is wrong with my legs"
"This is how I imagine guys feel when they agree to get back with an ex-girlfriend who may or may not have a touch of the crazy."
"this place is a dump"
"That mouth!"
"Gets me every time"
"Nightmare..."
"Oh Yeah!"
"Because doors are for pussies"
"We have lift off"
"How to troll a Bee"
"I lol'd."
"I always heard of Gangrene but never decided to really look into what it was..."
"It's spring. The weather is nice. The sun it out. And I need a reminder."
"DON'T TOUCH THE GIRLS"
"Don't touch"
"I... I just don't know..."
"'Always Coming From Taking Me Down'"
"Take all the time you need"
"Nom nom nom ..."
"My reaction to passing a test I didn't study for"
"In the But"
"Me after posting my first top comment on a post"
"...Socrates' philosophies and hypothesis can't define how I be droppin these mockeries..."
"I bet those who grew up in a town of 494 people loved this question."
"Every time I go to the gym..."
"The worst place in the world."
"That look..."
"The Ed boys got swag"
"Double wammy"
"Tough stuff  WNBA"
"You'll shit bricks when you see it."
"Anon hugs girl"
"How to hide a truck"
"unconventional  but still made me &quot;awww&quot; x-post gifs /u/hasdifficultyposting"
"what....i'm a whale bitch!!"
"High five"
"[W]hat a tease"
"The Strongest Man In the World"
"Best Gaming Mouse; endorsed by entire species."
"NASA picture of the day Rock formation looks like a penis...and the head is even circled"
"Oh Japan  do your fetishes never cease?"
"Me on r/aww"
"How I feel after coming back to r/atheism with all the new Islam posts."
"my reaction to getting 73 points on my first two r/gifs submissions (probably a repost  sorry)"
"When would this GIF be used?"
"Autobots roll out!"
"He can't be touched"
"Can't get me!"
"My favorite face swap"
"Took me a ill longer than I care to admit to figure out what was wrong with this"
"Took me little longer than I care to admit to figure out was was wrong with this"
"Vvttvtftcftvgcvt"
"Background picture for Day 12 of the Summer Sale."
"Steam Post-Summer Camp Picture Leaked!"
"Steam's Post-Summer Sale Picture Leaked! [X-Post from /r/steam]"
"Only 34 more days until the airing of grievances and feats of strength!"
"Suspicious suitcase bomb threat averted at UIllinois"
"Bomb defusing robot in action[x-post from r/uiuc]"
"Potential bomb threat in a suitcase being detonated at UIUC"
"I worry about this more than I should."
"When I can't find my wallet after dinner.."
"Maybe you're taking it too seriously?"
"This made me laugh out loud!"
"Makes me laugh every time"
"Yesterday I ordered a 'Bloody Best' bloody mary. This is what they served me."
"Today I ordered a &quot;Bloody Best&quot; Bloody Mary. This is what they served me. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Jupiter and its moon Io. The red dot is a volcano on the moon's surface and the blue cloud is the volcano's emissions"
"Juipiter and its moon Io. The red dot is a volcano on the surface and the blue is its emission. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Who ever decided this wasn't a good idea?"
"The Drunkard's Progress"
"In remembrance of september 11th i was searching and found this Pakistani airlines advertisement from the 1979."
"No one is in charged  and that's pretty awesome isn't it?"
"....and has syphilis"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"If the Moon is made of cheese..."
"Infinite bacon."
"If the Moon is made of cheese..."
"Calvin and Hobbes Anime"
"To the guy who posted over 600 Comic-Con Cosplay photos. This one's for you."
"No-Fap September is now over. How I feel about every thirty seconds now (NSWF?)"
"A real live unicorn?"
"&quot;We don't make mistakes  just happy little accidents.&quot;"
"Madness? This is artaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
"I will now paint some happy little clouds over herAAAARRRRGGH"
"Land of the free"
"America."
"Okay maybe the media isn't fear mongering."
"Trampoline you're drunk  get down from there..."
"C'mon Sandy  that's not where that goes..."
"Trampolines on Long Island right now"
"Thanks Sandy"
"Challenge accepted."
"Of all the things that could knock out power...."
"So this was in my town during hurricane sandy.."
"Found this on facebook. Sandy isn't too fond of trampolines."
"Figured being on Long Island  Sandy would knock out the power  didn't expect this to be the culprit."
"Power went out  fount this in the power lines 20 min later... Its still just chilling up there.. Thanks Sandy."
"DAMN IT  SANDY!"
"Meanwhile in New York State.."
"Long Island NY"
"Go home trampoline. You're drunk."
"You guys wanna go on the trampoline?....oh wait"
"Go home trampoline youre drunk"
"Go Home Trampoline  Your Drunk."
"Sandy ain't playing."
"Go home Trampoline....you are drunk"
"Well Played Sandy..."
"Shit just got real with hurricane sandy!"
"Long Island.."
"Well fuck..."
"I don't even....... (Hurricane Sandy)"
"No Jumping for a While"
"Damn all this. I'm atheist now."
"Predator Prey Relationships"
"Annually."
"What my GF asks when I come home pissed off from work."
"bad day relief"
"Best friends."
"Happy Easter!"
"How I felt going to my 8 am class this morning"
"Pixelated Mario in 3D"
"3D Pixel Mario"
"Hitler looking at a 80 cm 'Gustav' railway gun  1941-1944 (640 × 494)"
"Think Shinra Inc. invented the Mako Cannon? The Nazis did it first... (x-post from r/historyporn)"
"Es tiempo de Morping!!"
"Los Rangeros de Power"
"I am a black man and this cracks me up every time."
"Whenever i'm feeling down  I just take a look at this."
"Portal 2 | Chell &amp; Companion Cube Wallpaper"
"Fuck you im a helicopter"
"I Z what you did there"
"Just wanted to say hi "
"How I feel when a shart turns out to be a fart."
"When you're about to take a flu shot thinking it will hurt."
"When I find my girlfriend's porn history"
"math dance moves to use at parties"
"Dance Moves"
"Dance Moves"
"Beautiful Dance Moves"
"Fresh dance moves to bring to the club...."
"Dancing using math equations.....lolwut?"
"Donald stares into your soul"
"I would buy these."
"Origami for beginners (Fixed)"
"Origami for beginners [FIXED]"
"Youtube comments in a nutshell."
"Meth is a hell of a drug"
"Meth is a hell of a drug."
"Childhood - Imgur"
"Bunny opening a letter  found while browsing Imgur."
"An oldie but a goodie"
"There were a lot of hipsters at the concert I went to last night"
"I no longer feel alone"
"Recent graduate  job-hunting. This is how it's going."
"I just realized a large amount of Reddit should be banned from Imgur according to their rules."
"It was worth a try Leo."
"Can I get a blowjob?"
"Piano building"
"Disposable cameras"
"Chinese zookeeper feeds hungry lions with live lambs: live horror show in 3  2  ..."
"easily a much better love story then twilight"
"How i feel about my first cakeday"
"After browsing reddit for a day  MGM decided to change their logo...."
"My friend just sent this to me; it's brilliant!"
"Could my fellow redditors please take a moment to look at a few of my friends photos?"
"Flickr: Mchfan14's Photostream"
"It's amazing that an amateur made this. Such good quality!"
"Flickr photos of a new &quot;landscape hotel&quot; in Norway  the first of its kind in Europe"
"Sheldon is a Redditor!"
"He's got a point."
"&quot;When I was a boy...&quot;"
"This next song goes out to all those Breadittors out there."
"My new screensaver."
"...We Kill the Pac-Man! [1920 x 1080]"
"Next time somebody starts talking about marriage and references the bible  ask them if they ok with all the types of marriages found in the bible"
"My face when I finally installed RES"
"My teacher just used a meme IRL. Badly."
"My brother and I hearing our grandma call our cousin a slut"
"So  I just finished watching the season finale of Game of Thrones"
"TIL that Shaq is 19th all-time for most free throws made...."
"My face(s) when i see an average wtf post."
"Psychic fair cancelled"
"Winnipeg psychics and their finest (x-post from /r/winnipeg)"
"Winnipeg Psychics at their Finest."
"You've done a lot of things to me  but this is your worst. Get me the fuck out of this shit."
"And they say cats are afraid of water..."
"Scuba diving cat  I figured y'all would appreciate this"
"Mum emailed this to me. Where is the cat? Give it a go  I found it after 35 minutes."
"She does what now?"
"My my how much barbie has grown up"
"Too spoon?"
"No  it's free"
"Too soon?"
"Gotta love these guys"
"&quot;sorry  I'm Jewish&quot;"
"OM NOM NOM"
"what? ...i don't even"
"Many quarters were spent on this"
"A baby fox and a fawn"
"How to use an elevator like a boss"
"Ride elevators a lot?"
"I'm totally doing this at work today. All day."
"This has been taken just way too far.."
"Monster Stache"
"One comes up  the other goes down. Picture of skydiving during a rocket launch"
"Elephant in Africa"
"hakunamatata"
"Shortest route to attain salvation"
"8 things we would not know without Wikileaks. (infographic)"
"8 things we would not know without Wikileaks. (infographic)"
"Cute  Mad  and OMNOMNOM"
"Put your finger here"
"I Triple-Dog Dare You"
"having a bad day? not anymore."
"Cutest thing I've ever found on the internet"
"Worst Fleshlight Ever[Fixed]"
"So I was looking at one of the games my 11 year old sister plays on our iPad. WTF has our world come to."
"EATING GODDAMN CRACKERS?!!?!?"
"Eating crackers like he owns the place. Pfft"
"Nice and Easy"
"Lucky Octopus"
"First i was like: Nice hair  but than"
"Nice hair. Kinda"
"Obama hair illusion"
"The difference between Olympic gymnasts and swimmers."
"The difference between Olympic gymnasts and swimmers. [xpost from r/pics]"
"I walked in on this this morning  cutest thing I've ever seen them do."
"My favorite face swap"
"Who remembers this guy?"
"Dr. Doom spits on your fascist regime [x-post from r/funny]"
"Anyone else have this success kid epiphany this morning?"
"Still one of the coolest wildlife pics I've seen"
"Pimpin' slinky"
"Stayin' Alive Slinky"
"To amazing to only be on r/gifsounds"
"I showed my friend the slinky one...this is what he sends me..."
"How it feels to get down voted (fixed)"
"Got air?"
"My friend  who I introduced to reddit  just passed me in karma"
"&quot;Mitt Romney is rich so we hate him!&quot;"
"How I feel about my latest Geek Squad experience..."
"Who's laughing now!?"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"I see your &quot;ladies love it&quot; mustache tattoo and raise you this mans mustache tattoo."
"This is why Bieber fans are a disgrace to humanity"
"Stumbling  4:00am  dead on."
"I don't think Xzibit is a fan of MAC users...[PIC]"
"She hated them before it was cool.."
"She hated them before you knew who they were."
"This is too good."
"The Later Years."
"Mario and Peach  the later years."
"Sexual Fantasies"
"Some people have strange fantasies."
"Bang!"
"This is what happens in the North Dakota oil patch on a bad day. Plowed right through the school."
"Anyone but Obama. (Found on a local gas pump)"
"I buy these so I can keep them in the pantry for 5 months then throw them away."
"HULK HAND!"
"TI84+ like a boss"
"Priorities"
"How I feel on campus  as an engineering major"
"Priorities"
"Batmanfurter"
"Rocky Horror: Superheroes"
"Transparent"
"bacon pizza"
"So  I image searched for 'random' and was not displeased."
"I want to try this SO bad."
"I love Ass Burgers."
"Herman Cain watches you masturbate."
"The thing about smart motherfuckers..."
"Ladies and gentlemen  I present the gorgeous Emma Watson NSFW"
"Emma Watson at her finest"
"Emma Watson"
"My favorite picture of Emma Watson [NSFW]"
"My new Favorite Gif"
"SERVED THAT BITCH RIGHT!"
"Hands down favorite gif"
"Damn Batman  you scary!"
"Batman eating a pony"
"Dog and a baby"
"Truly my best friend!"
"A droplet of mercury"
"Drop of Mercury"
"I can only imagine this is the best feeling in the world."
"The king of the jungle."
"Just a cute little Panda..."
"Baby Panda"
"I love pandas!"
"My mom got an iPhone yesterday. She sent me this  I expect I'll get much more."
"This happens all the time and I love it!"
"cat fight"
"Can't Grow a tree..."
"What I hope my trip to India is like"
"You're not kidding?! I can really has!"
"I wish I got as excited about anything as he does about cupcakes."
"Happy Birthday!"
"Strike"
"His face says it all..."
"&quot;And up next on Dirty Jobs with Mike Rowe&quot; [NSFW]"
"Welcome to Reddit"
"Welcome to Reddit [fixed]"
"MLK - I have a dream!"
"I have a dream."
"I HAVE A DREAM."
"A view of Los Angeles from the Hollywood Hills at night.."
"Childhood ruined"
"Barney: The wonder years"
"Fuck the rules"
"Dude ... you sure that was a cigarette?"
"1 year of Reddit for me. Enjoy some of my favourite images (reposts)"
"30 Rock On Voting"
"Go home apple"
"Mad Scientists"
"Office Pranks for Scientists [GIF]"
"More jam mom"
"SPREAD THAT FUCKING SHIT"
"Caution: Ballroom Dancing"
"Caution ballroom dancing"
"Cracks my shit up! That eye…"
"Basically just advertising iwdrm.tumblr.com"
"Show me your war face!"
"We all foresaw this.."
"Snooki's baby. Official pictures."
"This one is perfect  I'll take it."
"The defense of 49-"
"Just an endless loop of Mad Men's lawnmower scene.."
"What it feels like when I talk to a girl."
"How I feel talking to girls"
"when girls on r/gonewild say that can't find any guys to have sex with them"
"Mohammed looks in a mirror"
"Creepy sexual abuse poster"
"I see why the mustache was added..."
"Probably a repost  but this."
"We found water on Mars!"
"Nasa found water on Mars!"
"Nice catch  Thor."
"Me trying to catch a ball in any sport"
"Even gods have their moments"
"Homoseuality OVER 9000!!"
"lol jesus is so fucking wasted"
"The final frontier...."
"Bouncing kitty stalks it's prey"
"So bouncy!"
"boing! boing! boing!"
"Praise for Tina Fey"
"Sister just sent me this picture..."
"Buckteeth"
"Yu wan' saw' vingar?"
"only in Japan!"
"If the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air had a spin-off."
"Wife Material"
"Being from Texas  this is how I have felt for the past few months."
"How to break reddit"
"Get off my lawn."
"My Dad when he saw that I received a &quot;B+&quot; in Gym class."
"My bathroom is set up so that when I poop  I am staring at myself in the mirror"
"I Eat What You Did There"
"Horse loves girl"
"He's pretty good"
"Ducking Good At Guitar Hero."
"Alternate Pac-Men"
"not now"
"Political affiliations aside  you have to admit this is fairly dead on."
"cleaning up my download folder  found this quotable gem... have fun! ^_^"
"Yeah  that's why i don't have a girlfriend."
"Looks fun"
"Dare you?"
"Alright guys  after crapping my pants  I'm interested to know where the hell this is..."
"My favorite &quot;hey boys&quot; four picture thing."
"Favorite &quot;hey boys did you know..&quot;"
"Just a picture of a pretty awesome Diablo costume"
"My (strawberry) milkshake brings the boys to my yard..."
"Breakfast of gods."
"Kid Cuisine is badass."
"I 'stuck my dick in crazy'"
"I live with three girls."
"When I'm losing an argument."
"Some people just don't care"
"Meanwhile  in the 1970s..."
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"I've seen it all now..."
"Pussy control ...... SFW"
"Hippo 1: Dwarf 0"
"It happens to the best of us."
"Hippo eats dwarf"
"Is the &quot;hover&quot; still relevant"
"Just gonna leave this here."
"There goes that little piece of my childhood... (x/post from r/funny)"
"u/JimKB loves animals"
"I can't breathe."
"I love SIRI!!!!"
"Siri  just checking to see deep your rabbit hole goes. Well done."
"Well played  Siri... Well played."
"This is what Siri tells me when I ask for directions xD"
"the original Good Guy Greg."
"Historically Hardcore"
"How I feel walking in a cross walk when a cop pulls up..."
"Does this smell like Chloroform to you?"
"I'll have another beer"
"A dog walked into a bar ..."
"A dog walked into a bar ..."
"They told me I could become anything  so I became an earthworm"
"So I googled Election 2012..."
"Pls  I said no cameras."
"Give me some privacy."
"Back to roots  you say?"
"Watch your step lady"
"No please  you go ahead."
"Inconsiderate bitch  meet my friend  pavement. Pavement  meet my friend  inconsiderate bitch."
"Pic of Mumbai railway station yesterday."
"Pic of Mumbai railway station yesterday."
"Well played..."
"Not that kind of cycle!"
"For all those science people out there..."
"8D"
"What years in school will do to a man..."
"He certainly gets points for enthusiasm..."
"Poo man!!"
"I cooked with poo and I liked it"
"Every time I hit refresh on a link I just submitted."
"Inspired by a recent post  how I feel in high school"
"Heh...reddit president"
"The most bad ass man ever."
"It must be hard to ride a bike with balls this big."
"Scumbag Cat"
"That'll do it."
"When somebody points at something on my computer by touching it with their greesy finger."
"When someone sticks their entire hand in a box of cereal ..."
"The first day of the semester and all the hot girls walking by me"
"After the last episode of LOST aired."
"pupcakes"
"On my FB feed..."
"Best rape van ever (FIXED)"
"My wifi name"
"So there's this [PIC]"
"Just walking her pet. No big deal."
"Serenity  in the hands of nature."
"Well  Goodbye virginity."
"where!"
"Smashing"
"Put on your SMASHING face"
"Turn Your annoyed face into a smashing one."
"Googled vagina  got this."
"Fuck shark repellent (warning: This picture has gratuitous amounts of awesome)"
"I see your carved skull  and raise you a crystal geode skull."
"I'm on a fast track to hell. I'm in tears laughing while I do it."
"What kind of license do I need to ride this?"
"Behold  the most meaningless means of transportation"
"People who complain about reposts."
"Australia - where even the tornados are on fire"
"O.O"
"tan lines say so much about a person"
"His faces are so funny!"
"Release my genitals  human"
"Ok Mr. Treadmill  you talked me out of it."
"Dear USA Your 9/11 is our 24/7 Sincerely yours  Palestine!!"
"Everyday...."
"This is how I feel when I have bacon for breakfast"
"I'm getting off at this stop"
"Time to get off."
"How I've felt this whole entire hot summer."
"Google'd &quot;come outside&quot;  wasn't disappointed!"
"Whenever I post something to r/atheism"
"perpetual motion bulldog"
"The life of a redditor"
"A kind redditor showed me this  I felt I should share it with others"
"Awesome gallery! [x-post from pics]"
"My Fav Thing from Childhood"
"Satan is more powerful than god"
"Pew! Pew! Pew!"
"Never thought of that."
"Colonel Angus is confused..."
"Nearly shit myself laughing"
"PSA for any lady &quot;nervous&quot; or &quot;insecure&quot; about posting on r/gonewild..."
"badonkadonk defined"
"ROFL copters  now with better music"
"Ain't no one"
"Cannot be unseen"
"Fucking Lag..."
"God DOES understand our problems...."
"Fucking lag..."
"My hand after breaking up with my girlfriend of 2 years. [fixed]"
"Getting prepared as a new redditor"
"The Perfect Woman (according to the internet)"
"According to the Internet."
"Found this gem on FB today."
"How to defeat Professor Xavier"
"How to defeat Professor X."
"Cannot unsee."
"Batman Jesus"
"o_O"
"The difference that color makes."
"The mystical game genie"
"Pick-up truck moonwalk."
"This is the Fucking Sickest thing I've seen.Abhorrent beyond womans vanity!"
"What is this?"
"This is what kids of today play with  I used to trade Pokemon cards..."
"Opening an unmarked NSFW link in class."
"The future.."
"He followed us home! Can we keep him mommy?"
"Finish the fight. With your chair."
"I expect this when my friend finds out i made the front page"
"Move over  Chris Hemsworth."
"Thor [X-Post from Pics]"
"Who knew Thor had a sister?"
"Thor's sister."
"Lucky pens"
"This made my day."
"How to explain sex to kids....via pen?"
"How To Explain Sex To Children"
"Finally  a solution to the lack of Bulbasaur in my life..."
"When someone asks me if I watch Workaholics."
"When someone asks me to tell them about the furry community"
"Night at the Watchtower"
"Superman's Confession"
"You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine...Batman"
"Superman wants that Peacock"
"This fits so well  Gorillas"
"Curious Gorillas and a Caterpillar"
"This showed up in my newsfeed."
"What is love?"
"Do you believe in ghosts?"
"Browsing /r/nosleep at night."
"When I notice a link I just clicked has a NSFL tag"
"Not sure if trip wire  or if dog just effed up."
"Scene of Marge pregnant with Maggie... wait a minute!"
"In this scene Marge is pregnant with Maggie... Wait a minute! x/post from r/thesimpsons"
"Ducks are great mothers."
"I love family pictures  especially when we can match."
"So the secret is out."
"I don't know how to accurately capture this picture."
"Hillbilly Llama"
"Throw some water on this for big lulz."
"Kittens love puppies! (NSFW)"
"When I go on a downvoting rampage..."
"How I feel as a dishwasher who is working today when someone says to have a happy labor day"
"Speaking or Grim Fandango  here is the original poster/box art with no writing on it but the title  perfect poster for any gamer!"
"Intro to atheism."
"Reddit in 3012 (X-post form r/funny)"
"The Origin of Pocket Whales. (I want one  damn it!)"
"This is what it feels like waiting for my lunch break."
"Southern Lights from Space"
"The Aurora Borealis from Space"
"The Aurora from Space"
"they see me rollin [fixed]"
"Ma BENZZZ"
"This is Norway."
"Bringing r/wtf back to its roots"
"Kick Them While They Are Down"
"Fucks given at the Tomb Of The Unknown Soldier."
"Standing guard  hurricane or otherwise"
"Tomb of the Unknown Soldier...Marines&gt;Hurricane"
"A picture is worth a thousand words. This picture is just honor and vigilance 500 times each."
"Just a reminder that there are men standing guard 24/7-365...even through this weather."
"Even a hurricane won't keep the honor guard from the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier this morning."
"Proud to be an American  rain or shine (from FB)"
"Dedication."
"Standing guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldiers  taken this morning"
"Guarding the fallen during Hurricane Sandy. [960x896] (cross-post /r/pics)"
"Tomb of the Unknown Soldier right now."
"From the tomb of the unknown soldier this morning as Sandy approaches."
"Standing at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  even through the hurricane."
"Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during the hurricane"
"The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  some posts are never abandoned."
"Changing of the Guard continues through Hurricane Sandy at the Tomb of the Unknowns"
"Guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during Sandy"
"And still  they honor the fallen- Tomb of the Unknown Soldier this morning in Hurricane Sandy"
"Even during hurricane Sandy  they're still there."
"Despite the worsening weather  sentinels of the 3rd US Infantry Regiment continue to stand guard at the Tomb of the Unknowns  which has been guarded continuously since 1948."
"Not even Hurricane Sandy can phase the honor guard at The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier"
"Hey all you tomb thieves out there thinking that the hurricane will be the perfect time to steal a tomb...Think Again!"
"Taken this morning - (Tomb of the Unknown Soldier / Hurricane Sandy)"
"&quot;Guarding The Unknown&quot;"
"Standing guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  with Hurricane Sandy closing in."
"On guard  even during Sandy"
"Guards at the tomb of the unknown soilder during the hurricane"
"3 soldiers guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier despite the Harsh conditions of Hurricane Sandy"
"This photo was taken during a storm in September 2012. The Guards are out there today (10/29/2012)  still guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  as Hurricane Sandy approaches. Bless these soldiers  The Old Guard  and their mission which they uphold with such honor -- KL Markert (photographer)"
"Soldiers of the 3rd Inf Reg. continue to stand guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  despite the worsening weather conditions surrounding Hurricane Sandy."
"Found this on facebook as a reminder that not even hurricane can displace these soldiers."
"Hurricane Sandy isn't stopping everything. The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier remains guarded."
"Soldiers still guard the tomb even during the hurricane. Amazing"
"Honor guard remaining at vigil at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during storms caused by hurricane Sandy"
"One of my favorite photos. Guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during Hurricane Sandy."
"One of my favorite photos. Guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier."
"It's a bird  it's a plane  it's..."
"How I feel when my friend sends me a link from Reddit"
"I feel like this should be the obligatory response to all reposts."
"After being in Reddit for this long  this is me every time someone tries to show me something funny they found on the Internet.."
"I don't really have a clever title for this."
"Masturbation Jar"
"It's like a swear jar"
"Bill Murray and a potted plant."
"Bill Murray (x-post from /r/photoshopbattles)"
"I'm sure this has been posted  but i thought it deserved to be on the front page again."
"When our friend scored a date with someone who we thought would shoot him down."
"A proper reaction."
"These two"
"Woopwoopwoopwoopwoop"
"Don't be this guy."
"Mind = sufficiently blown"
"Leave this body demon!"
"I want you inside me"
"When someone shows me their tumblrs.."
"Realizing that summer has ended  and classes start again tomorrow"
"2 minutes after saying  &quot;It's been an hour and I still don't feel my brownie working....let me eat a little more.&quot;"
"Oddly comforting"
"this picks me up when i'm down"
"Not sure if aww or eww..."
"Still my favorite picture on the internet."
"It's scary how much it resembles me when i do it"
"It's scary how much it resembles me when i do it"
"How I felt when my bf wiped jizz on my forehead and called me simba..."
"Just a Baby Pygmy Hippo.."
"Now try and tell me you don't love hippos."
"The less I know"
"Bad Kid"
"Poor Spongebob"
"What if this was a BF3 expansion pack or mod?"
"Pizza Delivery!"
"Is that supposed to make me hungry?"
"Am I supposed to be hungry now?"
"sleepy head . __ . &quot;"
"Monday.."
"Every time I think I have an idea that can make it to the front page..."
"Everytime I post to r/funny"
"1+1=2"
"Favorite Nursery Rhyme"
"Hard core baby"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"Bad Luck Brian on /r/atheism today"
"First wet dream in years"
"This was almost me  until I saw that beautiful cake this morning"
"This is starting to happen to me at work when I have my iPod plugged into my iHome..."
"When You Survive A Flashbang"
"When I first got my glasses."
"Scumbag Zazu"
"the title they gave to Tim Berners-Lee"
"Katy Perry"
"Whenever I see a repost"
"My response to friends when they reference something funny that originated from Reddit"
"Maury  Tyra  and others."
"Kitten vs. Thud Butt's happy thoughts"
"I first started coming to Reddit 1.1.2012 this gif is why  makes me laugh everytime"
"Looks like something but I can't quite put my finger in it."
"When my best friend fails to back me up in an argument..."
"Calling out the wrong answer in class"
"My brother has 5.5 times my karma"
"When i'm standing next to my friend and a girl compliments him  and not me."
"How I feel after finally conquering Caribbean vacation constipation."
"As a self conscious female browsing /r/EmmaWatson."
"As a short guy seeing girls posting about tall guys."
"When I go to the bathroom and forget my phone"
"When I try to submit a link and Reddit tells me my link has already been submitted."
"As a skinny guy seeing girls posting about thick guys [re-edit]"
"Once your comment finally stops getting you karma."
"When I found out my parents didn't get me any presents this year"
"My friend stopped playing a game just as i finished installing"
"How I felt when my boss told me I was working until 11pm on New Years Eve"
"First day of differential equations  took five pages of notes."
"Just found out my cake day was yesterday."
"Today marks the one year anniversary of me starting the stopwatch on my phone!"
"Oops"
"Badger Badger Badger"
"At first I was like  NSFW  but then.."
"Water fall island  Paraguay"
"U/G Dual Land....or at least  it looks like it should be."
"Photobomb level:dogballs"
"Photobomb level: Dogballs"
"Photobomb Level: Dogballs"
"How I feel when someone on the Internet tells me being a Grammar Nazi is annoying"
"Edward."
"How I feel on most days..."
"How the universe was created."
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Zombie Last Supper"
"Doctor Who Drinking Game [xpost from r/doctorwho]"
"It's my birthday as of 30 minutes ago. This is my face waiting for &quot;Happy Birthdays&quot; on Facebook."
"No Fap Week  day one."
"Waiting for the Work Day to End"
"Trippy Gif"
"The first and probably truest 3D gif I've seen"
"What I would do with x-ray vision"
"No hesitation and no turning back."
"Fire Truck Red!"
"Seeing people headed to the beach during my morning commute."
"Can you spot the millionaire? [nsfw]ish"
"Try it at least once"
"Kneading the bread"
"Cat interlude"
"Pacman's relationship problems."
"Pac Man breakup issue"
"Would not recommend..."
"Nigel Thornberry"
"Blarghaaahrgarg"
"So cool"
"Fake?"
"I refuse to believe this actually happened. I weep for my country."
"Name These People"
"It just seemed so peaceful..."
"Day 6 without a cell phone"
"Oh you!"
"It's like he's perpetually rising."
"And whenever I hear a &quot;look who I ran into today&quot;..."
"My reaction to Trapped_In_Reddit being exposed"
"How I feel after 365 days on Reddit  and thinking of potential 'karma' possibilities..."
"When my cousin tells me all about her high school drama problems"
"I work in retail and this is how I feel every time a customer tells me a product is cheaper somewhere else"
"My reaction to the constant circlejerk about chris brown"
"How I feel about the hundreds of &quot;This is [random country]"
"This is my country"
"Getting tired of costume posts. Here's my tribute to Halloween. [FIXED]"
"How I feel about Hostess shutting down as someone who doesn't eat hostess snacks."
"Just a happy family sitting on an ordinary couch"
"When you see it...."
"It took me entirely too long to figure out what was wrong with this photo."
"You'll shit bricks"
"Okay  goodbye... OH NO!"
"&quot;How many times has this happened to you...&quot;"
"Jesus Christ will forever be inferior..."
"Optimus prime vs Jesus christ"
"Optimus Prime VS Jesus Christ."
"Jesus vs. Optimus Prime. Praise be."
"Blend in to your surroundings"
"Michelangelo had the biggest balls of any closeted atheist in history  putting this on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel"
"X-post from r/heavymind. Someone please shed light on this before my mind implodes and then explodes."
"I don't even..."
"I'm a good girl  I want to take things slow"
"There was ice in the bottom to give it weight. Gotta love roommates."
"There was ice in the bottom to give it weight. Gotta love roommates."
"Yes  we are born with it."
"Its simple science really ..."
"If it fits I sits scientifically explained..."
"double high five"
"like a penis"
"speaks for itself..."
"Religion is like a penis"
"I feel bad for this man"
"I wantttttttttt"
"Christianity"
"How?!"
"My secret to surviving Mondays"
"What I do at work ALL DAY [FIXED]"
"Me when my cake day post only got 5 upvotes"
"What are friends for?"
"Surprised Derp"
"Swanson's Turf 'n Turf"
"the best kind of tidal wave"
"Meanwhile  in Brazil..."
"I am the 1%"
"ArenaNet headquarters as of April 10th"
"How I feel as an American with all these gold medals"
"Manhattan Bridge under construction  circa 1909 [2958x1782]"
"I told you this would be a bad idea."
"How I feel on other cakedays vs. my own"
"I wish..."
"When you don't save your game after a while/difficult part and it crashes"
"About as disrespectful as it gets."
"Are you Asian..."
"Includes an elbow! Only 49.99"
"How it feels browsing /new"
"Mexican kitty"
"How to disable a woman"
"A boy and a baby elephant."
"Cast Away"
"Frustrated Castaway"
"I feel a slightly different way."
"I have kept this picture safely hidden on my hard drive for three years [nsfw]"
"Iron Man / The Avengers"
"Ordinary Batman Adventures"
"That wouldn't stop Batman!"
"Skyri... mmm  I mean  Plitvice Lakes National Park  Croatia"
"You know you want it"
"Melanie Iglesias"
"Zebras Like Shoulders"
"hmm...that looks delicious"
"That always makes me feel better when I'm sad."
"'Whatcha doing?'"
"Redditor removes the head of a cat and places on a post by his table  reaping the karma that it provides."
"A friend of mine went to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa  this is the photo he took."
"please just shut the fuck up"
"Hopkins"
"I can't stop laughing. But it's cute  too."
"My body is ready."
"My body is ready."
"Cakeday incoming!"
"If you drive like this  you are an assh... you are FUCKING amazing"
"I find it difficult to do this for more than 20 ft. Props to this guy ;-)"
"The Sky is our Playground."
"Escape convict caught on street view"
"That kid..."
"Better go with the Family Plan"
"Progressive Insurance"
"Why there is no T-Rex Marines"
"WTF kind of bug is this? And what purpose do all those &quot;things&quot; serve?"
"Well  this is horrifying."
"She obviously didn't dodge  duck  dip  dive or dodge."
"must.try."
"When the teacher calls me to the front of the class and I have a boner."
"Maintenance guy just fixed my A/C! This is me after that first blast of cold air after having sat in 90ºF heat the past few days"
"When plugging in my mouse after spilling beer on it the night before."
"whenever I beat my girlfriend on ANY video game."
"Whenever I beat my brother at Super Smash Bros."
"Getting an Upvote."
"When i beat a friend on Mario Kart at the last second"
"Me upon realising it's my cake day and uploading something quickly before it's too late..."
"Sick of gas prices?"
"Saw this pop up on fb"
"Does this bother you?"
"While we are hating on Twilight"
"You belly?"
"When my friend leaves to help out his lady friend with &quot;homework&quot;"
"When my friend leaves to help out his lady friend with &quot;homework&quot;"
"Seems legit"
"Apple laptop on the cheap"
"Apple. The early years."
"If you don't have the resources to buy one  make one!"
"So I saw this on Facebook today"
"threatening marketing."
"My girlfriend and I were driving in the mountains when suddenly..."
"My girlfriend and I were driving in the mountains when suddenly..."
"Silly Carol..."
"They caught us!!"
"You kids have to realize that all jobs are awful... and there's nothing you can do about that."
"I bet this gonna hurt your brain for a bit"
"After finally sitting down on a toilet after holding in a large shit for some time."
"Worst anti-drug ad ever"
"Not even once."
"Why pay $10 for a BBQ Chicken?"
"Fuck the police."
"Old advertisement geared towards skinny women"
"Even back then  there were REBELS"
"So that's what we call sexy today?"
"too tan"
"search camel spider in google get this..."
"Biggest Camel Spider in the World"
"Camel spider"
"Emotional trauma in the toy aisle."
"One with the fishes"
"Photobombing master"
"Rabbit Revenge."
"Enough"
"TIL..0_0(mildly nsfw)"
"Firecracker... [NSFW]"
"Gravity King"
"So Many Questions."
"I feel bad for the kitten"
"ohh bert you..."
"Would you like some Ice Cream?"
"Oh  Ernie..."
"k."
"2am Chili"
"More like these  please. They taste great  and the kids love getting to &quot;help out&quot; with them..."
"Adventuring!"
"Skyrim summed up in 3 panels."
"This was the &quot;Amnesia&quot; of my time as a kid."
"This game still makes me feel like a little girl every time."
"In the future..."
"In 40 Years..."
"New York City Blacked Out"
"What Manhattan looks like right now..."
"Lights out in in the city that never sleeps"
"Someone turned out the lights"
"Most disturbing comic I've ever seen."
"Not sure if re-post  but i'm new and this belongs here"
"Saw this on my news feed this morning."
"Mr.Jesus"
"RUN!!"
"I found this jewel in an antique shop  it was made by a local artist and the teeth...they're fucking real!"
"I'd hit it  with a hammer."
"Cheetah &amp; Gazelle are friends."
"The difference between boys and girls"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"He's beyond the &quot;beyond&quot;."
"Suit made of mirrors? I think I know whose it is."
"Oh hey guys!"
"A Young Clint Eastwood Holding An Armadillo"
"Hugh Jackman is Clint Eastwood 40 years ago...Wolverine holding an armadillo."
"12 inches"
"I want 12 inches and I want it to hurt. (SFW)"
"12 inches!!"
"I want 12 inches and i want it to hurt.."
"12 inches"
"Wasn't very clever..."
"The C Word"
"Dammit  Nasser! Stop embarrassing us!"
"Quite possibly the most interesting cake decoration I've seen... [NSFW]"
"Nailed them (NSFW)"
"Blood of the lamb [NSFW]"
"Blood Bath"
"the balls on this guy"
"Who was it..."
"Who did it?!?!?"
"Not amused..."
"Is there a life after death?"
"This always gets me going."
"Word."
"Whenever I see someone congratulating a mentally and/or financially unstable high school girl for her pregnancy"
"When my mom told me she gave away my N64...."
"fuck cops"
"Nice background"
"Best number plate  EVER!"
"Best. Number plate. Ever."
"5 second rule"
"What I think of whenever I accidentally drop food..."
"Puppies vs. Kids"
"how i feel about children."
"Sploshed!"
"Is there such a thing?"
"Aww  look at the cute little.... wait what?"
"Googled &quot;something reddit would like.&quot; This is not what I expected."
"When conversation shifts to politics at Thanksgiving dinner"
"There IS a cat in this picture. Can you see it?"
"Camouflage cat in the wild"
"Get back! This lot's mine!"
"No kitty this is my potpie!!!"
"Those awkward moments last a lifetime"
"Just moved to Miami with my brother  and this is me everytime I meet one of his friends."
"My friend and I when we got to pick lab partners in class."
"Remember the guy who was writing out the entire script to Pulp Fiction? Well he's back and he's made a special Martin Luther King Jr. poster and donating all the proceeds to charity as a big thank you!"
"Selling MLK posters for charity: $6  Getting your pissed off cat to pose for the camera: Priceless"
"After i found out i missed my cake day  but still get a trophy for being around for a year."
"How I must look in the shower..."
"Super size it  bitch!"
"The Death of Ronald McDonald"
"Baby Gourmet!"
"ready to wrestle me a man"
"Human head cut in half  still alive. [NSFW - NSFL] [gore]"
"Fact: If the earth was 10 ft closer to the sun we would all burn up…"
"Reasons to love Johnny Depp"
"No no no  it's wax on THEN wax off."
"Just..."
"We're having an auction."
"Portraits with the moon"
"Hey Reddit. Been lurking for 9 months. This is my first post."
"The guy who comes up with the headlines must have been off today..."
"The guy who comes up with the headlines must have been off today..."
"gggggggggg"
"Reverse Haircut"
"Of course God has all the beers..."
"Of course god has all the beers"
"Of course god has all the beers..."
"I'm sorry but your all wrong  japan really needs to release more of THESE in america"
"Best game that'll probably never get a sequel [FIXED]"
"Poor Ralph."
"I'm in dude  don't even bother opening the door."
"Freaking Flying Alligator Attacks Baby! in 3D!!!"
"The Anty Christ"
"After some hairstyling ..."
"This was actually on Facebook..."
"well  she is pretty scary"
"How I feel scrolling through Manda Swaggies twitter page."
"Feed me mommy!"
"The White Bronco [FB]"
"Making a difference in the world!"
"Being atheist in America summed up in one beautiful sentence."
"Hipster Hitler"
"Buzz Lightyear Tron style"
"Every monday."
"Not gonna happen"
"sometimes getting out of bed is hard"
"Sounds About Right"
"Every morning"
"Let's celebrate Columbus day..."
"Let's celebrate Columbus Day by.."
"Happy Columbus Day."
"I do what I want."
"Call the cops  I don't give a fuck"
"This goat will not conform."
"Social Networks"
"what REALLY happens..."
"Best rape van ever"
"Aw! So cute"
"Baby Red Panda loves to nom nom nom"
"To the thousands of you who spend more nights in hotels than your home due to work. I feel your pain. Here's my 1 pro-tip. Do you have any?"
"Speed is not what that kills."
"Speed has never killed anyone..."
"Bacon Face"
"Bacon Guy (10 guy)"
"Sir  please take your drink"
"So True. So frustrating."
"Not even close"
"God knows."
"God made himself useful for once"
"Whenever I see people asking for Karma."
"Whenever someone disagrees with me on here"
"When the product doesn't even come close to the picture on the box"
"WTF TGIF"
"&quot;Loaded&quot; potato skins (x-post /r/mildlyinfuriating)"
"Florida pizza guy picking up the president. The guys face in the back right is rather derpy."
"ObamaCare"
"It's all about being a safe dancer."
"Little Dinosaurs"
"Luke  I am your father"
"I was looking up old 4chan pictures and I ended up on the weird part of the internet again..."
"The person who did this needs to have an eye kept on them...."
"Accidentally found this and it cracked me up. Don't kill me if it's a repost."
"Well that was an unexpected turn of events"
"Power Metal Lightning"
"Ground Zero Flooding"
"Ground Zero flooding"
"Ground Zero construction site being flooded by Hurricane Sandy"
"Storm surge causing flooding at the World Trade Center construction site"
"Sea water floods Ground Zero construction site"
"Ground Zero turns into Niagara Falls."
"Sandy visiting the world trade center"
"The Waterfall that is Ground Zero."
"WTC Freedom Tower site. Water pouring into the construction site. Insane!"
"Flooding of World Trade Center construction site"
"The World Trade Center construction site flooding."
"Ground Zero"
"The splinters......"
"stop eating my house!!!"
"Must've been starving to death."
"Every single time I eat Bush's Bold and Spicy Beans"
"beans..."
"Beans....."
"Beans."
"Richard III"
"Step on it!"
"Making the most of it."
"The definition of badass."
"So...this guy lost his arm in a shark attack..."
"An X-ray of a Stingray"
"X-Ray of a Stingray"
"Constantly have bitches on my mind."
"trying to get this look"
"Awkward School Photo"
"I creep and I crawl"
"Guitar solo."
"Words can't describe"
"Dog With An Attitude"
"Thanks Matty..."
"Fuckin' Mimes [gif]"
"I Don't Make This Stuff Up  Man"
"Climbing stuff  looking for secrets."
"One does not simply catapult into Mordor"
"Possibly the funniest GIF story of all time"
"Best Lord of the Rings gif I've ever seen"
"Still my favorite gif (kinda long)"
"My Grade School Reading Teacher"
"My first thought to seeing all the &quot;Cats Shot with Arrows&quot; posts [FIXED]"
"FUCK EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Nope^10!"
"#1 image when googling &quot;fuck everything about this&quot;"
"NOPE. Not in a million years."
"NOPE. Never in a million years."
"Which one?"
"Looks Like Balls For Me..."
"Nope.."
"Choose"
"Utah  the beautiful"
"Does anyone know the story behind this gif?"
"How I will feel after finals."
"Whenever my friend buys Rumplemintz shots"
"Welcome to the english language  asshole."
"Saw this in the paper today"
"Offline Redditor"
"Mad Redditor?"
"&quot;Hardcore Gamers&quot; [FIXED]"
"How I feel when people talk to me about their fantasy football team"
"friendzone"
"taco"
"Human imagination is infinite!"
"Still my favorite baby of the internet."
"worth the mess"
"&quot;I'm saving this ketchup for later!&quot;"
"What's a vowel?"
"How I feel during finals week"
"Saw this bag or wrinkles on imgfave. Cutest thing I've seen!"
"I'm melting!"
"i am not a blanket  but i would like one."
"Friend just sent this to me  I don't know what to say."
"Richie Rich Records presents.."
"Mitt Romney's Little Known Rap Album."
"This showed up on my news feed."
"Anal? (SFW)"
"Right in the childhood..."
"The last time"
"I LOVE CHEESE"
"How much cheese is too much cheese?"
"I Love Cheese!!"
"Clearly a thyroid/genetic problem"
"She likes seafood too!"
"Trading cheese for seafood"
"A big ol' block of sponge"
"“Life is great. Cheese makes it better.”"
"Fuck it  I'll just take the block with me"
"This guy rules."
"The T-Rex Theory"
"Horses are dicks"
"Nunchucks on the door knob and a scented candle means Jesus and I are shooting up."
"Shooting up with Jesus."
"Fucking Printers"
"And I thought space would be scary"
"When Suddenly  Eddie Murphy!"
"Headie Murphy"
"Searched for Eddie Murphy..."
"Friends (X-Post)"
"Best Friends"
"Addiction"
"The one time I didn't pee before polishing"
"Me trying to find my classes first day of college"
"Bear Necessities"
"Bear dance to Snoop dog. Yeah men"
"I don't even..."
"wat"
"wat (FTFY)"
"His name is Dick"
"googled &quot;reddit dick&quot; and got this. but it's not on a cat"
"I wonder if they were able to save this Klan man's life."
"O Hellz No..."
"Irony.."
"Black doctors trying to save a Ku Klux Klan member."
"I don't think he is going to make it."
"Voldemort + Britney Spears = Amazing .gifs"
"Doc Brown is drunk!"
"Sick catch bro!"
"Sick Catch... (X-Post)"
"Alright Texas summer  this shit is getting a little out of hand."
"So who says England doesn't get hot in summer?"
"Only in Arizona!"
"Pussy Charmer  Karma Machine"
"Found this on stumbleupon today  thought it belonged here."
"Piperboy &amp; cat"
"cat charmer"
"Is anyone else enjoying replaying this classic?"
"Reddit got me to watch this show. I love it."
"My friend plays the guitar like a giant tool."
"So my friend just sent me this... wtf?"
"My friend just sent me this... I don't know how to respond."
"Every mystery  ever solved  has been proven to be.. not magic."
"Oh  indeed."
"A Pixar Film"
"Just a sloth  doing what it does best!"
"Natures Chillest Motherfuckers"
"Natures Coolest Chillest Motherfucker"
"Nature's Chillest Motherfuckers (x-post from funny)"
"I was getting to it"
"How I am at an [8]"
"It's terrifying how human-like their faces are."
"Good for you Tyrone  good for you. [FIXED]"
"Another successful Tyrone"
"&quot;It's Always Sunny&quot; commentary on NFL refs."
"Life summed up in one gif"
"Grass is always Greener"
"Life's Agony"
"Vintage Nicki Minaj."
"Nicky Minaj back in the day."
"Nicki Minaj in 2006"
"Just a friendly reminder  that's what Nicki Minaj used to look like..."
"Nikki Minaj 6 years ago."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Being asked to be creative at work when I have no creativity."
"From a newspaper in NJ. I think this goes here."
"Elderly Ninja"
"Guess what today is?"
"First one home wins"
"First one home wins..."
"&quot;First one home wins!&quot;"
"How I feel about having Valentines day as my birthday."
"What I feel like doing to my graduating class."
"When I start losing an argument I know I can't win."
"For People who can travel around the world to see where a pic was taken on reddit"
"How I feel when I get downvoted within a minute of posting."
"When all my friends are in relationships"
"This made me say awwww"
"When you're young  everything in the world seems okay."
"Awww yeeeeeeeeeeah"
"Muffins!"
"A trees root system merges with a brick walkway [1280x960]"
"Tree roots adapt to surroundings"
"Nature Adapting"
"My relationship with Reddit."
"awkward family photo I found on facebook"
"Babies! Babies everywhere"
"So many black babies"
"#1 comment NA"
"Hawking is a party animal"
"Silly cats wanting people food....."
"Just a Coupla Furry Friends  Sharing a Moment"
"Bear communication"
"At the zoo"
"Meeting his real dad for the first time."
"Husky Puppy."
"&quot;Mom  Dad took all the bacon again!&quot;"
"I'm having mixed feelings about this picture"
"He sure loves his bacon."
"Reddit's Throne. (x-posted from /r/cats)"
"My new favourite face swap"
"Anyone happen to know the source of this painting? Tineye just turns up a bunch of reposted spam"
"The view from my hotel"
"The Future of Awesome"
"The biggest dog I've ever seen."
"Big dog"
"Awesome justice"
"Genius"
"Found this gem on my Facebook xD"
"This just makes me want a Husky even more."
"WWII on Facebook"
"If Facebook existed during WWII."
"WW2 joins Facebook"
"United States of Good Beer"
"Hits me in the feels every time."
"The definition of WTF. Can anyone explain?!"
"/b/ guesses girls' names."
"/b/ guesses girls' names (x/post r/4chan)"
"Yum! Pizza!"
"Dafuq"
"R/funny people's told me to bring this here"
"I could really go for a banana now.."
"One of my first WTF moments(Sorry if repost)"
"I think this belongs here."
"Japanese Dole."
"Googled &quot;Fuck Upvotes&quot; for my 2nd Cake Day. Got this."
"WTF Bananas."
"My favorite banana gif. Wait  what?"
"This belongs here."
"I'm so confused right now..."
"japanese banana boy"
"Banana man.."
"It has arrived."
"Everybody Loves Gaben"
"Stepping into the real world after college."
"Sometimes you know the world hates you."
"Finally moved out of my parent's house..."
"How it feels trying to get a job right out of university"
"My first year at college so far."
"Sometimes  the world just overwhelms me..."
"A bus ad for a zoo. Awesome!"
"It's simple. We kickflip the Batman."
"Heath Ledger skateboarding over Christian Bale on the set of The Dark Knight"
"Just the joker jumping over batman on a skateboard"
"Heath Ledger skate boarding over Christian Bale while they take a break on set of TDKR"
"Heath Ledger skating over Batman during a break in filming"
"Heath Ledger skateboarding over Christian Bale"
"One of the coolest picture's I have ever seen."
"Actual photo of Heath Ledger and Christian Bale on break during the shooting of &quot;The Dark Knight.&quot;"
"Dark Knight Break time"
"&quot;What is the best way to stop your child from becoming an atheist?&quot;"
"Remember: education is dangerous"
"People are too much sometimes."
"What is the best way to stop your child from becoming an atheist?"
"Self shot by ISS astronaut Aki Hoshide (Japan)"
"Amazing picture of Earth from space in a reflection."
"An out of this world selfshot"
"An Astronaut Taking a Picture of Himself in Space."
"This is the only time anyone is ever allowed to take a picture like this..."
"Regarding the &quot;How I feel as a #-year-old on Reddit&quot; posts."
"This is the worst teachers name of them all..."
"Eat Fresh"
"Ladies  there is enough of me to go around"
"How I feel when I get down voted..."
"When Super Committees don't agree on a debt deal....."
"Last day of school"
"How I feel as a new person on reddit trying to get karma."
"I was kicked off my soccer team after playing with them for 10 years because I used &quot;vulgar&quot; language during a game  this is how I feel towards my coach."
"As someone from florida  to the east coast.."
"TIL Josef Stalin was sexy as hell in his earlier years."
"Oh  yeah."
"A twist even M. Night couldn't predict."
"Oh YEAH!"
"The Product"
"No drugs? No problem!"
"So that's what a karma train looks like"
"He went to Jared!"
"Well I never..."
"One drop"
"Whenever I meet someone who is choosing to openly live the Christian Lifestyle  I don't get angry at them  I was raised right:"
"Next time a Christian girl tells you shes is saving herself till marriage..."
"Awesome Skating Video"
"Overly Manly Man on crying"
"Not sure if using meme right? Or life wrong."
"The Overly Manly Man shows no emotion."
"Bitch Sticker"
"Faggot crown"
"My Grandfather laid this one on me the other day."
"Friend of mine said this to the staff in cafeteria"
"Dat ass..."
"Just Washington in Florida"
"That Bitch"
"Little feel good for the Monday blues....:-)"
"Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012 [fixed]"
"Neandertallica!"
"Ibiza beach sans bitch"
"Sunset at Ibiza"
"How I feel about my ex-girlfriend"
"Great answer to an interesting question [PIC]"
"Make anything into a sandwich!"
"Piggly Wiggly Pizza (xpost r/shittyfoodporn)"
"Was browsing Fark Politics when this showed up.."
"A huge solar filament erupts into space [1920x1080]"
"NASA has the coolest Flickr Stream"
"Magnificent CME Erupts on the Sun - August 31 | Flickr - Photo Sharing!"
"Coronal Mass Ejection"
"A Solar Filament Erupts"
"NASA captured a close picture of the sun"
"Is this a repost?"
"Personal trainer."
"He wouldn't get off"
"Little workout buddy."
"Now this is my kind of aww!"
"The most reddit worthy image I've seen in a while."
"Stupid Animals (now with even moar stupid animals)"
"Defying Gravity"
"How i feel after not going on reddit over the holiday weekend.."
"After wandering into the Mister Torgue AMA..."
"When your post is finally downvoted into the minuses"
"He was done for before he he even stepped into that ring."
"What everyone in the Mid-Atlantic is thinking right now"
"As a Midwesterner  admittedly out of the news loop."
"As a Canadian  when I went outside..."
"I live in NYC and this is what I think about when someone mentions Hurricane Sandy"
"Gets me everytime."
"Losing your teeth in 3  2  1..."
"Giraffes are heartless creatures."
"...as you wish..."
"Lord Satan ..."
"Billy Ray Antichrist"
"This came up on my newsfeed"
"The best card ever"
"Get well soon!"
"Get Well."
"Get well soon!"
"Get well."
"Get well."
"Ron F***ing Swanson"
"Ron Fucking Swanson"
"Searched for Ron Motherfucking Swanson on Google. Exactly what I was expecting"
"SWANSON"
"[10]"
"The end of the universe."
"Oroboros?"
"Arctic fox keeping itself warm."
"Found this snowy ball while browsing the Iceland entry on Wikipedia"
"Oh  kids shows"
"The unveiling of fried chicken..."
"I think this belongs here. r/pics  I give you the first permanent photograph ever taken: Joseph Nicéphore Niépce's &quot;View from the Window at Le Gras&quot; (1826)."
"First Photograph Ever"
"When I find out one of my siblings or friends are redditors"
"it's my cake day..."
"My thoughts after realizing it's my cakeday at 9:46pm and having nothing of worth to post"
"I searched &quot;I HAVE NO CAKEDAY POST&quot;  this is what I got  I'm so pathetic."
"Today is my cake day and making me laugh is what it's all about! Do me a solid and share a joke! Here's to many more cake days."
"Guess what today is"
"Fuck it  its my cake day on new years."
"Today is my cake day and I have nothing to post. So here's this."
"Finally  I've been on reddit for one year!"
"Being a human cannonball is dangerous work. [comic by explosm.net/comics]"
"When someone beats my high score on Tetris"
"CPAs at work this time of year"
"The real superman"
"Full marks for trying."
"Look out! He's summoning his zip zop zoobity bop powers!"
"zip zop zoobity bop"
"How I try to convince my wife to have sex with me when she's not in the mood."
"There's something special about this gif. [Fixed]"
"Wait 'til you see my..."
"How I try to convince my girlfriend to have sex with me when she's not in the mood."
"This would be a damn cool party trick"
"M-U-R-I-C-A......'MURICA"
"How I imagine a cat must feel while riding in the car"
"Star Trek Cat"
"Feel free to die now!"
"Ass cocoa."
"Chocolate milk. NSFW"
"Dawkins and Hitchens (comment)"
"Seems fitting on a day like this  doesn't it?"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"is this yours?... I found it in the dumpster..."
"Raccoon and Cat knew their love was not to be understood by the world  but they didn't care. They were in love."
"Racoon holding a cat"
"My old roommate uploaded this to Facebook with the caption &quot;We just need a place to stay for a couple days...won't be long&quot;"
"When you saw only one set of footprints..."
"Did somebody lose a kitty?"
"Lose a Cat?"
"Can I keep it?"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"She got tired so i brought her home."
"Interracial love"
"Is this yours?"
"I always wonder if this is what my fap time looks like."
"Just got back from staying at my parents house for a week. How I felt as soon as I walked in my own door."
"Saw this as comment. Thought it belonged here. Not sure what I'm looking at...."
"Still the weirdest GIF I know of too date."
"Wut"
"The most extreme kind of babysitter"
"everytime i hear/read something from neil tyson"
"Ever felt like this?"
"Trying Mexican coke (coke made with real sugar) for the first time"
"When I learned race car spelled backwards is race car"
"What I imagine people act like right before they post a TIL."
"Watching the Watch_Dogs gameplay."
"How I feel after it's been a full year."
"Star Wars theme"
"If /r/subredditoftheday won Subreddit of the Day."
"On RES  you can upvote/downvote with the A and Z keys"
"Me after trying to learn computer programming for the past week"
"Way to go  George!"
"Let's cosplay Rugrats to NYCC  they said. It will be fun  they said."
"Hey Ump! A little too close you think?"
"Childbirth"
"The end of the rainbow"
"Stupid sexy Flanders!"
"I would like one please - Imgur"
"Just An Awesome Waterfall Swing"
"world's largest 3D street art"
"I think Reddit will appreciate Google's front page today..."
"Just the google doodle for today"
"Google's just asking for this to be face swapped."
"Ok  if God's doing mountain or sky or water  I'll submit this screen shot."
"Let's Just Add a Little G to that Water"
"I liked Google's artwork today"
"At least Google remembers Bob Ross's birthday."
"I havent seen this at all today  not sure why!"
"Today on Google  A Happy Little Doodle."
"Doesn't anyone else see something wrong with this??"
"Is that really what you want?"
"Whats going on here?"
"I....i just don't know. Jesus maybe?"
"When lurking on imgur itself:"
"Thought this might be WTF worthy..."
"Was on Google browsing DSLR picture samples  when suddenly...[NSFW]?"
"The new queen of photobombing"
"Rosie O'Donnell photobombs Sarah Jessica Parker stuck in a fence"
"A cow photobombing a horse stuck in a fence...."
"The club can't even handle me right now."
"GIF Sound - Now It's a Party"
"Is it bad that this is the majority of what my dancing for Homecoming was?"
"That's such a dick move....but what if it's true....."
"There IS treasure inside!!"
"To Do"
"To do list."
"Baby Ocelot"
"I just want to hug something"
"Probably a repost but OMG Ocelot Kitten! You tiny adorable cuddlebutt."
"just a baby leopard"
"Cutest Cheetah Cub Ever?"
"A Baby Ocelot"
"Dat face.."
"Today is my birthday! so look at this ocelot."
"TSE"
"This look familiar to anyone else?"
"Proof the End Times are Near."
"Loading...loading...loading..."
"How I feel about buffering..."
"My feelings on buffering."
"Thank you  Doctor."
"I live on a third world country and my internet is slow as a potato. This happens me every time on youtube"
"Sir  your mustache is escaping!"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pizza"
"Every single day..."
"Stupid dog..."
"Stupid faggot dog"
"Faggot Dog"
"When I'm down  I think of this. And it makes me giggle."
"I can't NOT laugh at this"
"I hate my dog..."
"every. fucking. day."
"Best scene of jurassic park!"
"So that's what caused the ground to shake"
"still my favorite"
"My reaction when i pay for the bill"
"When you get a bill  on a fancy restaurrent."
"When you go out to a fancy dinner and get the bill."
"Your bill  sir."
"Don't click if you want to retain pure childhood memories Maybe NSFW"
"I have the weirdest woody right now"
"My... My... Childhood... It's ruined"
"I... what... I don't... fucking why? NSFW"
"This ones mine! You can have the next one!"
"&quot;Do you recycle?&quot; &quot;Yea  but only metal&quot;."
"Metal"
"Looks like trash to me."
"Metal"
"Sneaky Kitty"
"Stealth Combat Kitty"
"Stealth combat kitty (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"another picture of OP"
"Who's awesome? This guy."
"Who's awesome? This guy."
"But mom!"
"Tha Otta Dance"
"I hope it's not weird I immediately thought of this..."
"What Tom Hanks did with his Emmy"
"I mean  what are you gonna do with an Emmy anyways?"
"When you're Tom Hanks  an Emmy is just a good hood ornament."
"Tom Hanks and his Emmy..."
"Tom Hanks ladies and gentleman!"
"Tom Hanks Has The Right Idea"
"what happened when my halo 4 edition shipped"
"Halo 4  anyone?"
"I heard the Joker got away  too."
"Skyrim's incredible feats of realism"
"Nice parking skills"
"Yeah  I know."
"Poor Rhinoceros"
"Poor rhino.."
"11 september.11 years ago.The world changed..."
"How I feel when I see memes on facebook"
"Atheist living in the bible belt"
"How I felt at my first NASCAR race"
"White People"
"How I feel about every spring line coming out."
"Today."
"As someone on accutane  this is how I feel most days"
"Firefox has encountered an unexpected problem with windows."
"oh firefox..."
"Firefox has encountered an unexpected problem with windows"
"I don't know why it's so funny  it just is."
"Fox wants in..."
"Firefox has encountered an error with Windows."
"A true window licker!!!! This is one funny Fox!"
"my friend posted this pic from her plane ride on her facebook. nic cage looks pretty rough..."
"Lionel's got your back"
"Hello..."
"Well I wasn't  but since you asked I am going to have some now."
"A majestic male lion reveals his ‘inner cub’ as he becomes fixated on a little butterfly passing by."
"The Eagle in the AC3 trailer"
"because you know it really did happen somewhere"
"Parents of the Year"
"baby platypi"
"I give you....BABEH PLATYPUSES!!!"
"These guys get all the ladies."
"Any platypus love here?"
"BABY PLATYPUS!"
"Baby platypus!"
"Baby animals are the crack of the Internet"
"lazy as fuck glasses"
"Eye Drops"
"Eye Drop"
"Eye drop macro."
"Eye drop"
"When I have to wake up early and my neighbors are partying next door..."
"How I feel after not smoking for a week... at a [0]."
"How I feel when I forget to bring my phone into the bathroom"
"How I feel when shopping while PMSing"
"How I feel getting into work on a Monday"
"How I feel when someone at my work quits and I have to work overtime."
"How I feel coming back to reddit post cake day to see my only submission got downvoted."
"Go to hell"
"How I feel when I get hit by a blue shell right before the finish line and everyone passes me"
"3 days into no fap September: &quot;I would..."
"Fuck it all"
"Can't wait to say this again on Friday"
"My cakeday was yesterday and the campus internet was down all day  only to return around 1:00 AM today."
"This is me on every god damn Monday"
"When I reach for my cigarettes  then remember I've quit smoking"
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"Not having school tomorrow but having no power so I can't go on Reddit"
"How everyone working at a restaurant this week feels"
"Truly an American breakfast."
"MY CHICKEN"
"I got a BIG piece of chicken!!!"
"I got a BIG piece of chicken!!!"
"Delicious chicken and delicious beats"
"cham-pain"
"cham*pain (n.)"
"Best office tool ever"
"McPimping"
"My brother in law jokingly told me I should &quot;donk my car.&quot; I didn't know what it meant  so I looked it up. *This* is my inspiration."
"What a pro."
"Bumblebee in the Ring"
"Brothers?"
"Driving Kitty"
"Meow's dead baby"
"Kitty car chase  go kitty go."
"Uma Thurman is a sexy pussy"
"Mont Saint Michel Castle – France"
"Who knew stingrays were masters of the Photobomb"
"Soon..."
"Soon..."
"How I felt gathering information on my recipient for redditgifts"
"Cake Day Repost"
"Peek-a-Boo!"
"I sincerely hope there's a redditor out there who has actually quit their job like this."
"How it must feel reading comments after making it to the front page."
"Mewtwo isn't a bad guy"
"Here's a picture I took from my plane a couple years ago that I thought y'all might like."
"when i get into the diablo server"
"my reaction to my first pentakill"
"Flint strike"
"Any sort of combustion goes well with this song."
"Yes. Just yes."
"I feel like this will go better here"
"It's a kind magic"
"It's a kind of magic"
"Stop accusing me..."
"I see what you did there..."
"Seems legit."
"Google Zerg Rush"
"Well would you look at that"
"To all of those doing &quot;no shave November&quot;"
"Well...I tried."
"Where I feel most of us will be in about a week (regarding no fap september)"
"How I feel after 3 days of No Fap September"
"Ok seriously  this is the creepiest idea for a family photo EVER!"
"How's this one for a family photo??"
"By far the creepiest family picture ever..."
"So my estranged older sister sent me a family photo. WTF? (Mildly nsfw)"
"Black and White Family Photo"
"Naked Family Portrait? Check!"
"How my birthday was."
"As a Canadian overseas  this is what today felt like."
"when you see it"
"Meanwhile  in VA... (Yes  that's a shark.)"
"Sandy - Candygram  Ma'am...."
"Apparently  there are sharks in Brigantine  NJ"
"A friend from the island of Brigantine  NJ just posted this to FB...a shark swimming around in the streets flooded from hurricane Sandy"
"Just a shark swimming up my friends driveway!"
"Shark swimming in the streets of NJ"
"A friend sent me this in an email forward with the text that this picture of a shark was taken in NJ. I've been trying to de-bunk it through Google  FotoForensics  PSKiller  and TinEye. Anyone here able to tell me if this is real?"
"Shark Swimming Around in Atlantic City just popped up in my FB newsfeed"
"A shark was seen swimming around the north end of Brigantine."
"Shark spotted swimming in streets of Brigantine  N.J during Hurricane Sandy"
"A Shark Swims In The Streets of Brigantine  NJ"
"Sharks are now on the streets"
"Hurricane Sandy-Sharks on the streets of NJ!"
"Get out of here shark  go back to the ocean"
"Saw this little guy in my front yard"
"Hurricane Sandy has some sense of humor..."
"When you see it.. Hurricane Sandy in Margate  NJ"
"There is a shark in my front yard in NJ"
"There is a fucking shark in my yard."
"Sharks in the street (Wildwood  NJ)"
"One of my relatives that lives on the East Coast just posted this to facebook... New neighbor looks hungry..."
"Sharks in New Jersey"
"Jersey Street Sharks"
"My grandfather lives in New Jersey  here is a picture of a shark in his front yard"
"You're going to need a bigger house.."
"Shark in the street in New Jersey"
"Just a shark swimming through the streets of New Jersey  you know  the usual"
"Meanwhile in New Jersey"
"Nope thank you  Sandy"
"Meanwhile in NYC"
"Taken today in NJ. Yes  that's a shark."
"Saw this pic on facebook - shark in the street from Hurricane Sandy"
"My friend just uploaded this from Facebook. Yes its a shark in a New Jersey suburb. Stay safe East Coast!!"
"Shark in my friend's yard from the flood  in Jersey City."
"Street Sharks! in New Jersey!"
"Shark swimming in hurricane flooded NJ street"
"There are sharks swimming in the streets of New Jersey."
"Brigantine Beach  NJ."
"Looks like Hurricane Sandy brought some friends to NJ"
"So  there are sharks swimming in the streets of LBI. Thanks Sandy."
"Front yard of Atlantic City  New Jersey  due to Hurricane Sandy. That shadow under the nose is a driveway!"
"just went fishing on the front porch"
"So my friend sent me a picture from her house in NJ....."
"Go home shark  you're drunk."
"Just a shark swimming around the neighborhood."
"My buddy just this picture of his front porch in New ..Sandy is one crazy whore"
"A photo my buddy sent me from Norfolk Virginia..."
"Not your usual sight in NJ"
"Talking on the phone in the elevator? I want to do this to you...."
"Vinegar Strokes: The often odd  varied and bizarre facial expressions a man make at the point when he is is just about to ejaculate."
"The Titanic."
"The Titanic (Colorized by Me)"
"Can not unsee. (SFW)"
"Sure showed him a lesson"
"Oh how..Wait.. What?"
"Pyramid of german helmets from WW1. (New York  1918)"
"Massive pyramid of slain German soldier's helmets in New York's Grand Central station  1918. Surreal."
"Yosemite at Dusk [960x865]"
"Just Chewbacca conquering the Nazis on a squirrel"
"I dont know where this came from but it might be the best thing ive ever seen"
"The Face of Victory..."
"Get that shit outta here!"
"This is how I feel after I talk to girls..."
"What it feels like when i bomb a test I thought I aced..."
"This is what working in the game industry is like"
"Still my favorite gif of all time."
"Denied by Gumby"
"Yet again  4chan makes my day."
"So much awesome"
"Yes  it is sand."
"What sand looks like under a microscope."
"Thou hast been flamed [pic]"
"How they did it back in 1839"
"Flaming on Message-Boards in the 1800s..."
"How they did it in 1863"
"How they did it in 1839 [xpost/funny]"
"Anyone checked out r/subredditdrama recently?"
"Fuck Carving Pumpkins"
"Who needs pumpkins when you have watermelons"
"Teenaged Mutant Watermelons"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Watermelons?!"
"Starry Night - as rendered in bacon"
"Starry Night made with bacon"
"Bacon Art: Starry Night."
"Fifty Shades of........."
"50 Shades of..."
"50 Shades of..."
"This is my favorite meme of every  but you guys will probably think it's"
"Whenever i spend the time to make something for reddit and it gets no attention"
"Bridge Over The Hunza River  Pakistan"
"A village somewhere in America is missing their idiot..."
"just cute"
"Every time someone asks if I want cream in my coffee  I think of this and giggle."
"/r/gonewild in a nutshell."
"Too soon..?"
"hooboy /r/WTF has really been delivering lately. keep it up you sickos"
"My girlfriend just texted me saying she &quot;shaved down there&quot; for the first time. This was my exact expression"
"When I realize someone accidentally didn't log off Facebook..."
"My expression when I see another stupid Christian copypasta on facebook..."
"How I feel when I post something that will get me lots of karma."
"Seeing a NSFW link"
"How I felt giving my first downvote."
"My Cat hits the Gym..."
"Yes  yes you are"
"funny cat stud"
"Hollister"
"I'd like to think an innocent child added the balloon"
"It's the thought that counts"
"This showed up on my news feed today.."
"Get Well Soon"
"Oh  The Cruel Irony!"
"get well soon"
"Came across this on my FB feed  Dead Trolling"
"Get well soon!"
"Get well soon..."
"Poor Little Feller"
"Get Well Soon"
"Friend hit a raccoon the other day  just so happened he had one more left  it's the though that counts everyone...."
"Cats love it!"
"CATS LOVE IT!"
"He seems to enjoy it"
"Someday I Will Accept The Fact That I Am Rubbish With Photoshop... Today Is Not That Day."
"Worst mugshot ever?"
"T minus 23 days and counting"
"double jointed hand is interesting/creepy"
"Amurrica!"
"When I told my boss I couldn't come into work that day and ran into him..."
"a million times nope"
"Why would you let it crawl on you?"
"Sharks Swimming in the Streets"
"Shark spotted in someone's front yard in Brigantine  New Jersey"
"Shark spotted in someone's front yard in Brigantine  New Jersey (x-post pics)"
"A shark swims in a New Jersey yard that has been flooded by Hurricane Sandy."
"Hurricane Sandy: Shit just got real"
"A shark swims into a NJ resident's front yard due to flooding from Hurricane Sandy."
"A shark swimming in a yard in New Jersey."
"A shark in a front yard"
"Nom nom"
"can't wait for somebody to ask me for crackers"
"Finally  a legitimate use for that word."
"Hey  do we have any crackers?"
"Hey Jen  do we have any crackers?"
"Crackers?"
"It was you?!"
"The master of disguises"
"When you pause a Nicki Minaj video..."
"When you pause a Nicki Minaj video..."
"At the welsh dentist"
"Home sweet home!"
"Whenever I see someone planking [fixed]"
"When I see someone &quot;planking&quot;"
"When someone tells me how much better music is today."
"The adorable side of /b/"
"I wuv my teddy bear"
"Fluffy friend"
"Cuteness Level: Cuddle Hug"
"no  it's mine."
"Knee weakingly cute..."
"First Reddit post  thought the Aww community might enjoy this little guy"
"Oh hell... couldn't be more true."
"Oh hell  yeah."
"I can't wait til winter so i can post this on (FB)."
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Survival of the fittest"
"Scumbag Bison"
"Scumbag Bison"
"Catcage!"
"Nicholas Cage and cats are a horrible combination."
"Fresh"
"$5 pancakes"
"Hangovers are dangerous..."
"I think this is the funniest thing I've seen all day..."
"Haunted house that takes people's pictures as they walk through"
"By far the best haunted house reaction pic I have ever seen."
"My favorite reaction picture in a Haunted House in Canada"
"when you see it (you might smirk a little)"
"happy family portrait... russia style (nswf-ish)"
"camping can really bring out the best in people"
"Rednecks"
"Play me out Salem.."
"Hipster-Vaudeville cat played piano before it was cool."
"When an argument starts on the internet  somewhere he is making music"
"The original Keyboard Cat!"
"revolutionary new way of holding an ipad"
"Finally a way to carry my iPad around while drinking coffee and not look like a douchebag!"
"Overly attached Cleaning Lady."
"Self shot done right!"
"Mushroom Cloud Expansion"
"Tan Lines"
"Tan lines by Activity."
"Reddit  be proud of yourselves."
"Searched for &quot;manatee&quot; and got this."
"This guide was useful last time I was out partying"
"As a man who cant grow much facial hair  this gets me through Movember."
"I felt really bad for laughing at this..."
"Kate Upton Boob Jiggle"
"Shut up Baby  I know it."
"it just fits."
"Execute program: groove"
"This had to be done."
"OMG Dawww"
"Whatcha doin?"
"Stoner kitty is too high!!"
"my 2 favorite things"
"Hey there Ceech"
"The Hobbit is starting to look like an Episode I scale disaster with the Dwarves starring as Jar Jar"
"Whenever I see a post about Watch Dogs"
"How I felt when J and A lets you give an upvote storm on RES."
"I have a rule that if I laugh at anything on Reddit  it has to get an upvote. This is what it feels like at a [7]"
"when ever some one comments on my post"
"Today is the last day I can view Reddit for four months"
"Fire at will"
"The Trials &amp; Intricacies Of Love Lives (FB)"
"Relationships Can Be Hard To Hold Onto Sometimes"
"Sandy! What are you doing? That's no place for a trampoline!"
"Sandy! What are you doing? That's no place for a trampoline!"
"Trampoline get down from there you're drunk"
"NINJA DOG. You won't see him until it's too late... [GIF]"
"Rule #4: Double Tap"
"This dog must hate this kid"
"Scumbag Dog"
"when i have a bad post  and someone downvotes my old posts"
"trying to wake up the day after taking a few Advil PM"
"When i try to repost a link with a funnier title or in a different subreddit"
"Unfortunate Children - Because Children's Misfortune Is Funny [.gif gallery]"
"Fuck you kid!"
"every time i try to have a good day"
"Alternate ending for Twilight."
"How Twilight Should Have Ended"
"There IS hope for the future..."
"Party on  Garth"
"Pijeon"
"HIFW my parents tell me to get a job at 16..."
"Just get a job?"
"My Grandparents offered to match $1 000 if I worked this summer  this was how I feel as a teenager with no job experience."
"This came to mind when I discussed my future with my parents."
"WRRRRYYYYYYYYYYY"
"Poor choice in tags."
"Unfortunate price tags."
"Bullet Bill is here to kill"
"I don't like to gamble"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Yeah ok"
"Ok buddy."
"I feel like no one has remembered that it is the fifth of November."
"Remember  remember  the fifth of november..."
"Blind black guys are the best."
"Circle of life for the everyday student"
"Did you just look at my chest?"
"shh"
"Whenever I hear people debating aggressively on reddit"
"What people tell me when I have nothing to post on my 1st cakeday"
"My all time favorite GIF."
"There is no need to be upset."
"When I'm at a [8] and my friend complains about his problems..."
"Don't Worry"
"How I feel browsing r/askscience."
"Decided to peruse the comment section of AskScience today"
"This is some sick really good make up work"
"Hurricane Sandy: My professional  expert opinion"
"When people talk about Hurricane Sandy"
"Every news station right now"
"Here's Ollie with the weather..."
"A Floridians interpretation of hurricane Sandy"
"Exclusive Update On Hurricane Sandy"
"Forecast for everyone near Hurricane Sandy"
"Ollie's forecast for Hurricane Sandy"
"In light of recent events  I feel that this picture is appropriate."
"Nod your head to this."
"Snoo in a nutshell"
"Hurricane Sandy is hopelessly devoted to ruining halloween...."
"Most accurate Sandy map yet"
"too soon to make fun?"
"I got chills... they're multiplyin'"
"Whenever hurricane sandy is mentioned I think of this:"
"One of the first things that comes up in a &quot;hurricane sandy&quot; image search"
"I dont know if this is a repost  but this is amazing"
"O just a turdle going for a dive..."
"Every weekend"
"How I feel whenever someone's GIF doesn't loop."
"I'm Sarah McLachlan  and I'm about to ruin your day"
"liek dis if you cry every tiem [Fixed]"
"Me every time Gandalf Dies"
"How I feel when I see a repost was more successful than my handmade original content"
"I saw this on the cat shot with an arrow comments.. Thought it needed some music"
"Just got home  tired  turn my PC on  see Reddit's on maintenance..."
"This is how I feel every Black Friday"
"This about sums up how I'll feel after the Steam Summer Sale ends."
"When I look at my checking account balance Monday morning after last Friday was payday"
"A dog on his way to work."
"Forever alone my ass!"
"What the Galaxy S Beam reminds me of"
"Lobster on the menu today"
"Trying to take off your shirt when you're sweaty"
"My Cake Day: After a year on REDDIT"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"First day of school as a 5th grader  top of the food chain"
"Who's the Boss?"
"my reaction to the front page of r/amiugly"
"Always thought these should go together"
"When I'm the carry and show up at a team fight"
"Sadly.. This.. Every night."
"Can i help?"
"Oh Wolverine..."
"Every time anyone wants to &quot;help&quot; me"
"The majestic gorilla  in all his judgmental glory."
"Cell Phones and Parties"
"so i was looking up body builders..."
"Oh  bless..."
"My mixed feelings about public nudity..."
"Whenever I'm at the beach"
"Remind me again why I went to Veterinary school."
"All in a days work"
"Every Redditor on their cake day."
"Every Redditor on their cake day (x-post from r/funny)"
"Cakeday. Let's get this over with."
"So it's my first cakeday... Am I doing it right?"
"To give an idea of how bad Lance fucked up"
"Oh lance"
"Oh Lance (X-post from /r/bicycling)"
"How I feel as a Christian right before I post in r/atheism"
"How I felt right before I had sex for the first time"
"BAUMGAAAARRRTTTNNNEEEERR!!!"
"Deer feeling down"
"Someone Made An Effort"
"Totally makes sense"
"Might be a repost but I lol'd pretty hard."
"Child Eater?..."
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"Looking through my pics folder and was like &quot;what the fuck is Osama bin Children?&quot;"
"Goats are like mushrooms."
"This just showed up in my FB feed - ???"
"Sounds about right."
"I have no words to say about this."
"words can't describe it"
"i googled &quot;wut&quot; to find &quot;george w brush&quot; but found this instead  i was not disappointed"
"google searched &quot;wut&quot; to find george w brush  didnt find it  but was also not disappointed... (x-post from WTF)"
"so very concerning"
"Children getting hurt is not funny...well  maybe sometimes..."
"You guys seriously need to learn when to hold it in."
"Especially when the post is lame"
"How I've felt browsing Reddit in the last couple of days"
"After seeing all the fb posts about Magic Mike"
"Every CoD multiplayer match ever."
"how i feel seeing all these ridiculously amazing pictures taken from cellphones on the frontpage"
"i dont know how people do it"
"So a christian anti-muslim nut job argued religion with me today"
"Soon..."
"Spoon...."
"suddenly... STRIKE!"
"F1 car-ma whoring."
"flying dragon kick!"
"Test your might!!"
"Bringing fighting to a whole new level."
"PLAYER 3 HAS JOINED THE GAME"
"Player 3 Has Entered"
"It came from above"
"Player 3 Has Joined the Game"
"Ganking a lane as fed Lee Sin"
"Raw tagging into Doom."
"Tag Team"
"Quick  take the shot before -- (sigh) damnit."
"I Googled Seal's. I Didn't Realize The Search Would Make Me Laugh As Hard As I Did."
"How I picture obese people masturbating."
"X-Post from /r/HistoryPorn. Bombs raining down on Kobe during the Second World War. [1498 × 1969]"
"Bombs away!"
"Oh Link"
"Oh my God! They are gonna Blow Up..."
"The boob is going"
"Classic Daniel tosh"
"One of the many reasons I love this man."
"Pocket bike!"
"Impossible."
"Nick Offerman without his mustache"
"It's only fair  women."
"Double standard"
"How am I gonna not die during finals you ask?"
"When my friends ask how I get my hair so fabulous"
"When people ask how i get reaction gifs so quickly on facebook."
"There's something surprisingly abnormal about Shia Le Bouef."
"My reasoning for everything on Reddit lately"
"Magic"
"As an IT guy  this is how most people think I do my job."
"My answer when someone asks how I accomplished a simple life task..."
"when you wake up in the morning with more karma then you had in the morning.."
"How I picture most redditors."
"I was looking for the letter 'u' made with people"
"Why you are so tired?"
"This came across my Tumblr feed - Golden Retriever/Siberian Husky mix"
"What a pretty puppy"
"D'awwwh... look at that face"
"My reaction every time someone posts they've found &quot;FB gold&quot;"
"Not a single fuck was given"
"Keep your eyes on your own paper!"
"I love the office (xpost r/trees)"
"When Kevin gets too excited"
"F F F F FINISH HER ! (NSFW)"
"Funniest thing I've seen in a while"
"iOS6: taking new directions"
"This always puts a smile on my face..."
"Expert troll monkey"
"Great White just starting to block out the sun"
"Great White in sunlight"
"Baby Polar Bears only weigh about a pound"
"&lt;gasp&gt; I wanna cradle it"
"Well hello there little fella..."
"Cuteness Level: Over 9000"
"milky way sky"
"Matterhorn Mountain  Switzerland [1920x1200]"
"Everything's black"
"It's true."
"True"
"I Don't know why  but this made me giggle like a 7 year old girl."
"[IPHONE GOLD] IM PLAYING MY VIDYA SO COOK ME SOMETHING LOL!"
"How I felt the first time I visited r/ShitRedditSays"
"When my friend told me that Parks and Rec was a rip off of The Office"
"NOPE!!!!!!!!!!"
"Mother of God"
"Go fuck yourself."
"Whenever someone I know says smoking weed is worse for you than drinking."
"Go fuck yourself."
"Exactly"
"What I thought when my boss got mad at me for browsing reddit at work on my cake day"
"My Cake Day post got removed..."
"How I feel around most people"
"When I get down voted even though I know the answer"
"He makes bank"
"Driving like a boss."
"I  also  heard that r/funny likes to party"
"How i feel as a hardcore The Last Airbender series fan and discovering the subreddit for the first time."
"Being on very strong prescription pain pills while I browse reddit"
"How I feel after going through and upvoting anything that makes me even smirk a little"
"EVERTIME I see a post about Lil' Wayne quitting music"
"This is how i reddit drunk."
"Is there a game you are gunning for but can't quite get the funds?"
"How I've been redditing since the emergence of r/wheredidthesodago"
"Me now that Reddit is back up"
"Being new to reddit  this is how I felt after visiting /r/aww"
"Spending Christmas alone in Europe  so this is my plan for the day. Happy Holidays!"
"The end of the Dinosaurs"
"Dinosaurs: What really happend !"
"Creepy yet awesome body art...."
"laughed way to hard at this XD"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk! (Sandy)"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk. (Milford CT Via WTNH)"
"Well that's just mean  Sandy. (CT)"
"So Sandy blew a trampoline onto a powerline in my town..."
"Hurricane Sandy finally hit. This happened in a neighboring town."
"Well...crap..."
"I think Sandy had something to do with this..."
"Power's Out"
"Just a reminder to secure all items in your yard during a Frankenstorm  from Milford  CT."
"Hurricane Sandy's starting to show up here in CT  and she clearly doesn't appreciate trampolines"
"Sandy  give me my damn trampoline back."
"So my friend from West Warwick posted this in his fb"
"Hurricane Sandy in my neighborhood"
"Hurricane sandy doesn't like trampolines."
"In Soviet Russia..."
"Hurricane Sandys wrath on Milford  Ct."
"Sandy  that's not how you use a trampoline"
"Hurricanes sure are fun...(Milford CT)"
"Biggest storm to ever hit the east coast... Might as well keep the trampoline up"
"It's still good! - Hurricane Sandy"
"Let's go out jumping! [Hurricane Sandy]"
"A trampoline got stuck in the power lines courtesy of Hurricane Sandy in Milford  CT"
"Get down from there  Trampoline. You are drunk."
"WTF Sandy... (In Connecticut)"
"Some hurricane damage."
"So saw this on Facebook..... (hurricane sandy)"
"Why wouldn't you strap this down during a hurricane? (Milford  Connecticut)"
"Well at least the birds will have some fun tomorrow"
"Go home trampoline you're drunk!"
"Trampoline in power lines  Milford  CT"
"I know there are a ton of Hurricane Sandy posts right now  but I had to post this one."
"And who said trampolines were dangerous?"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk."
"Trampoline vs. Sandy"
"You don't belong up there..."
"Stop it trampoline. You're drunk."
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk"
"The greatest casualty of Hurricane Sandy"
"Sandy that's not where that goes."
"Oh Sandy  you make things so crazy"
"Stop it trampoline. You're drunk."
"Meanwhile  in Jersey..."
"Hurricane Sandy is getting a bit windy"
"You're drunk!"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk"
"Lets play Sandy!!!"
"I live on the east coast  this just popped up on my news feed"
"I live on the east coast  this just popped up on my news feed"
"Trampoline in Frankenstorm"
"Play time is over"
"Best trampoline ever!"
"Go home trampoline  you are drunk (x-post from r/sandy)"
"Sandy doesn't like trampolines..."
"I thought florIda hurrIcane partIes were hardcore..FFS Cape Cod..."
"Before QWOP  there was this shit."
"every damn night..."
"Insertion Sort Rage"
"It's true  don't deny it"
"Aogashima  Japan."
"Aogashima Island  off the coast of Tokyo."
"Amazing birds eye view of an island."
"Aogashima Volcano  south off the coast of Japan."
"I'd retire here"
"I just love this beautiful island photo  I hope you do too.:)"
"Where is this Island? It's so green and gorgeous. Good Golf course...[Pic]"
"An island fit for a jurassic park... the Aogashima Island"
"Amazing Picture Of Aogashima Volcano  Japan"
"Does anybody know where is this place ?"
"Got married on Friday. This was me when the judge was talking about love."
"The feeling during the time between finishing jacking off and cleaning up"
"The dentist decided to heavily numb my face for a couple of fillings..."
"Being a female getting a lap dance..."
"When people are singing &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; to me"
"How I feel when Reddit is down."
"Me when I forget to take my phone with me to the bathroom."
"Emoji saves the day!!"
"I do this every single year and my mom has no idea."
"Shut up and take my money! NOW!"
"Well Played  Durex"
"After all these years  finally read the lyrics to &quot;Baby  It's Cold Outside&quot;"
"That moment when you listen to Sesame Street Ernie's &quot;Rubber Ducky Song&quot; and realize the rubber ducky is Bert's dick."
"When my GF says she wants me to take her out dancing."
"My reaction to pretty much everything"
"Me reading Exodus 20:21 and Leviticus 25:44-46 at Bible camp when I was 12  shortly before calling Mom to take m home"
"Me after reading the bible."
"Uni-what you said?"
"Bye bye soul"
"Reading 50 Shades of Grey before knowing what it is.."
"How I imagined the ending of last night's Breaking Bad (not a spoiler)"
"When I first read the bible cover to cover..."
"When someone posts a &quot;When you see it&quot; picture"
"Everytime I drop my pick in my guitar [Fixed]"
"Can't get eyes of dat ass"
"This is why he's my hero"
"How I feel realizing i missed my cake day"
"When I think of hurricane Sandy..."
"WHICH ONE OF YOU STATES IS THE REAL DIRTY DAN!?"
"IM GONNA GET YOU DIRTY DAN!"
"WHICH ONE OF YOU IS THE REAL DIRTY DAN?"
"Kip-up to handstand"
"Kip-up to handstand (x-post from r/gifs)"
"&quot;I can totally do that &quot; said no redditor ever."
"Another ridiculous yearbook quote that got approved."
"Buddy's senior quote from high school  this man really did love harpooning whales though."
"How my brain works in clubs"
"The balloon T-Rex"
"A Tyrannosaurus Rex made of Balloons"
"Thomas the TANK engine"
"Amazing picture of the milky way over Cliffs of Moher  Ireland."
"Found on my fb feed: The Milky Way over the cliffs of Moher on the west coast of Ireland"
"Moon setting over the Cliffs of Moher  Ireland."
"Then I was a T-Rex."
"Lose your arms and increase your mouth in six weeks"
"Life before and after applying to Dreddit."
"It must have been a REALLY bad dream"
"Whenever someone asks me how my night went"
"When my GF asked me if being Mexican in America is hard nowadays...I only had one response"
"Jose Gato"
"Any argument you had is pretty much invalid now."
"Party Time!"
"Arise my minions!!!"
"Idk if this is a repost but it definitely belongs here"
"Bow to your...leader?"
"Pig Art?"
"Fabulous!"
"How I feel after using girl's shampoo"
"Today is my cakeday and I feel..."
"My girlfriends response when I tell her we haven't had sex in a while."
"Trigonometry"
"That moment you look at your boyfriend's computer screen and see 8 000 tabs of porn open"
"I got my tuition bill in the mail today"
"When you see it..."
"Nothing's happeni...OH SHIT!"
"In response to the Kim Jong Il Statue from Team America post."
"Swan Ronson"
"Fetch!"
"The definition of OH SHIT"
"Fuck everyone"
"Dog attacks with roman candles"
"Already done?"
"shit just got Sandy in NYC."
"Is it time to re-post this picture yet? or should i wait a couple more days?"
"One Day  Simba  All Of This Will Be Yours"
"One Day  Simba"
"One day Simba  all this will be yours. . ."
"&quot;One day  Simba  the sun will set on my time here  and will rise upon you as the new king.&quot;"
"The Lion King"
"Dat Pub"
"Big ole' lion with itsy bitsy cub"
"One day... this will all be yours"
"Flying Dutchman"
"Every time my posts get downvoted to hell"
"When someone complains that we've landed on Mars before:"
"When my 1 yr old is still crying after i put on all the cartoons and music he loves"
"As a nerdy white guy when I'm trying to impress my black girlfriend's family"
"I think Reddit is missing some baby skunks."
"Horse with eight legs? Horse with eight legs."
"Giddy Up"
"Such a beautiful and majestic creature isn't it?"
"Ah  the good 'ol days"
"I kinda wish they still made these."
"How I feel when I see a funny comment I was going to make.."
"BIZARRE GOOGLE STREETVIEW FINDINGS - Imgur"
"this is how i feel when trying to talk to a girl."
"This is how I feel when girls change their relationship status to &quot;in a relationship&quot;"
"Myself  my cakeday karma  and the reddit spam filter."
"Who's old enough to remember this shit? Times have changed!"
"Please love me"
"A fountain of knowledge"
"Look at me...i know what I'm talking about."
"Listen here noob...."
"How I feel when underclassmen need help"
"Mesmerizing - Fun with Focal Length"
"Can someone please explain this?"
"Oscillating Beach"
"I can't stop watching this."
"Some parts of the song work really well. While others no so much."
"Laugh Suppression: A daily struggle for working Redditors"
"After browsing /r/conspiracy"
"Kony 2012 summed up in 3 sec"
"SMASHING"
"I peed in my pants a bit."
"Dang......"
"This made me giggle"
"No contest"
"Your efforts are futile."
"Apple maps  who knows?"
"Awesome Bathroom Art"
"The most epic bathroom ever."
"(title)"
"Hero risks his life to save others"
"Vladamir Putin and the cadet"
"Showing dominance"
"In response to the &quot;thank God spiders can't fly&quot; meme..."
"Fuck.... (r/creepy)"
"What the fuck  god?!"
"Nope."
"Steven Colbert: an amazing creature"
"When I finally met a Redditor in my class"
"I've been trying to figure out where this is from for months...anyone know?"
"Can't.. describe.. in.. words... [x-post from gifs]"
"How I felt after my first coffee."
"Browsing Reddit normally when I notice the little cake"
"Colbert hive"
"The Twisted Firestarter"
"Cobert needed more energy!"
"This was the first thing that came to mind"
"What rhymes with sloth"
"Fuckin sloths man."
"Whatcha gunna do with all that junk  all that junk inside your trunk"
"When my friends tell me there's gonna be a new Call of Duty game"
"How i feel about seeing all the posts about Snooki on facebook."
"Seeing all those thread about Snooki's child.."
"When people tell me my car is old"
"As someone from the UK  hearing that Kate and William are expecting a child."
"It's my cake day."
"When I heard Kim Kardashian is pregnant with Kanye's baby"
"The tour guide told the orangutan to pose next to my boyfriend and I for pictures  and this is what he did instead..."
"You know it's true."
"One of the biggest problems we are all causing"
"Chewbacca riding a squirrel fighting Nazis."
"IF this were a game  what would its title be and what would the storyline be?"
"Chewbacca On A Squirrel Fighting Nazis"
"Hipster Cat"
"A kitten on a saint bernard"
"That's what she's been up to"
"Shepard's Delight."
"The Sky is Burning"
"it's that time of year again..."
"Squidward opera virtuoso"
"Squidward is too fab."
"so graceful ;_;"
"How I imagine a Reddit meetup would be like [FIXED]"
"Found on /b/: Forced Enema [Super NSFW!]"
"Oh  japan... (NSFW)"
"How I feel after eating at the cafeteria again for the first time in two month.."
"Trees"
"What really happened."
"Jesus returns!"
"I giggled!"
"What will she say?"
"D'aww  wait....what?"
"Snoop Lion Is An Animorph"
"To become a lion..."
"A new Animorph is out there.."
"Despite your political preference..."
"Now this is awesome"
"You want sexy pics?"
"You want sexy pics?"
"Disco In The Arctic"
"Dancing polar bear dances"
"Work it  bear."
"How I feel waking up thinking I'm going to have a productive Monday."
"Meanwhile in Australia"
"Ladies and Gentlemen.. We've found him."
"Photoshopped right? right?"
"Funny photoshopped arms"
"So this just came up on my FB feed"
"My favorite arm swap"
"how gonna this happen?"
"Gangster resume. Someone hire this guy!"
"possibly the best resume i've seen in awhile"
"Gangsta Resume"
"Im ashamed to live in this world."
"Dear NASA "
"I would pee on this all day long..."
"Sometimes I wish I was a boy"
"New way to play guitar !!"
"When it is time to party we will party hard!"
"Gettin' paid to poop at work"
"Every Friday Night!!!!"
"Taking it to the next level"
"Okay this takes mirror shots to a whole new level &quot;Fb&quot;"
"Taking self shots to a whole new level"
"Cookies"
"How I feel returning to school after winter break."
"I discovered /r/gonewild last week"
"After discovering reddit and r/gonewild"
"Juked"
"Bike's going the Distance."
"MIKE! YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!!!"
"Found this on facebook and thought it belongs here."
"It's tough out there for some people..."
"dem lyfe strugglez"
"PLEASED TO MEET  I AM RUSSIA"
"I AM RUSSIA."
"Sexy Russian"
"Most of us Redditors' at any high school dance"
"waking up to breakfast in bed on my birthday"
"When you and your buddy walk by two hotties and one looks at you and the other looks at him."
"Is there a highres version of this gif?"
"high five"
"Oh Lovely"
"Look children  the mother whale is teaching her calf to be an attention whore!"
"With a dance teacher like that..."
"What's Up"
"Sing me the song of your people"
"Like mother... Like daughter?"
"Kid Will Never Have a Chance"
"Do it like mommy does"
"turbulance!"
"What Gif makes you laugh every time you watch it? Here's mine."
"Who remembers these things !?"
"Drake and Josh..you are missed"
"Where would they go?"
"I'd be fine if he didn't look at me with those eyes..."
"Quick! Procrastination Plan B"
"10 000 000 upvotes? Nope  dorito."
"Oh lawd  noooooo!"
"My new favorite Reddit under heavy usage page"
"The two worst things I've seen all day"
"The Only Time I Ever Get Work Done"
"Too. many. upvotes arghhhh"
"That moment when you have to go outside...."
"Nice try Reddit  but I know it's actually a Dorito"
"Well what now?"
"I cried.."
"Everyone needs to get off Reddit right now"
"What happens the evening after the last day of No Fap September"
"Best thing to ever happen for my productivity."
"Exactly what I figured would happen after No Fap September"
"Mondays..."
"Ooooo this is new!"
"Da fuq is this?"
"God fucking damnit"
"Im Iron Man"
"The reason he's my favorite..."
"Fuck yeah"
"What it was like discovering my cakeday was on 4/20 and all the stoner karma I can gain"
"When Reddit came back online"
"some people have WAY too much free time"
"Just trying random imgur URLs.."
"Now that the Steam sales are over..."
"Hunting mosquitoes before bed..."
"Jeebus  grant me the patience to wait until I get home..."
"My iTunes library as a pirate"
"I know a lot of you are at home for the summer  but please think of those that are stuck at work."
"Any other Ents share the same opinion on the recent lighter issue?"
"so annoying"
"I Hate this Time of Year. They're Everywhere!"
"Probably what lots of people with Acrophobia think of Felix Baumgartner's jump"
"The number of Reddit was down -posts..."
"I just registered for Spring. This is how I feel. [fixed]"
"I googled &quot;wut&quot; and found this gem"
"My Roommate Organizes Her Pens In The Order They Appear In The Rainbow.. I'm Buying Her This For Christmas"
"De Nada."
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Also  thanks Juan..."
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food"
"Thanks  Jesus  for the food"
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Jesus  you saint!"
"Thanks  Jesus."
"Cat Ops"
"All your Karma are belong to Us"
"The Epitome of Reddit"
"Saw this today"
"Handy shoelace tying guide."
"Awesome Shoelacing Guide"
"good idea..."
"&quot;Trolls&quot; nowadays"
"baby turtles love eating mashpotatoes"
"Parkin' Like a Boss"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"Like a glove"
"My face when my spoon-balancing boobs get no upvotes..."
"Best wedding photo ever"
"An Australian firefighter giving water to an injured koala after a brushfire"
"At the end of the day. We are all animals."
"if you look carefully you will see the difference!"
"Wut"
"Whenever I get asked to cover a shift on my day off..."
"LOST in 5 seconds"
"LOST in 5 seconds"
"there's not enough insects on here"
"This is a Venezuelan Poodle Moth."
"Moth looks like a Poodle!"
"soo this moth kinda looks like a poodle.."
"Venezuelan poodle moth"
"It's all about technique"
"Parenting Level: Non-Existent"
"Parenting Level: Non-Existent [gif]"
"Deal with it."
"Wet 'n' Wild"
"Sexy at it's finest"
"Oh yeah"
"Because why not"
"Float on."
"Ok... I was wrong... Now  I'm never going on 4chan ever after this (POSSIBLY NSFW(L)?)"
"Hmmm..... That should make the worlds most popular game a little more exciting!"
"Where do you want us to play soccer?"
"People are starting to bail out of my Diablo 3 release party. My response...."
"How I feel when My posts are immediately downvoted to zero."
"Itty bitty hermit crab"
"yaaaaaaawning baby sloth"
"I saw this over in /r/trees  though you all would love to see it. (x-post trees)"
"A sloth being a whole lot of cute"
"Sloth Tong"
"Baby sloth yawning"
"Gulp Gulp"
"I think it's in sync (123BPM?)"
"Don't move! Its vision is based on movement"
"Saw a power of books ad  reminded me of this picture."
"Memes IRL (Hejibits)"
":)"
"Ah  so it's the demon that keeps those phones so tough"
"F$#%ING METAL"
"A snow-white tree"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend's Parents"
"&quot;Intense&quot; is an understatement!"
"12:00:01 AM - 10/01/2012"
"After not being laid for almost a year  this is how I imagine my next sexual encounter."
"Drink yo Ice-T"
"Ice Tea"
"Always the superior choice."
"Me  thirsty for some ice tea."
"my new favorite beverage"
"Ice tea anyone?"
"New ice tea?"
"Ice-T anyone?"
"Dat feel"
"Truly awesome. Frightening as shit  but awesome."
"Dubstep Cat"
"My friend won an International beard competition today. I think he deserved it?"
"Meanwhile in Anaheim this morning..."
"Classic Mario Kart tracks recreated in Roller Coaster Tycoon"
"/r/rct xpost - Classic Mario Kart Tracks recreated in Roller Coaster Tycoon"
"Cat Problem (/r/4chan)"
"Car bomb"
"what a car bomb exploding looks like (GIF)"
"Can't...stop...watching!"
"1. Masturbate  2. Angry  3. ???  4. Throw turtle."
"Finally someone I can relate too"
"LAWD"
"I see your Rowling and raise you a Simmons"
"I see your Rowling and raise you a Simmons"
"When I go to through a grenade in CoD"
"Whenever I play Bomberman"
"SPOILER ALERT: Ending to Batman Movie (GIF)"
"The ending of The Dark Knight Rises. Don't click if you haven't seen the movie."
"End of Batman in a Nutshell(SPOILERS)"
"Original ending of The Dark Knight Rises"
"How most of my time writing essays is spent."
"Everytime i write an essay"
"Writing an essay"
"How I feel trying to write my three term papers."
"How I Feel Starting Every Research Paper I Have Ever Written"
"Training for Glass Joe"
"whup whup gangan style"
"pump it"
"What I Do In Elevators"
"His crotch produces beautiful synths and drums."
"watching Gangnam Style  when suddenly!"
"I give you 2890.00$ in pennies"
"You think you've seen reposts?"
"True BFFs"
"Still a better love story than twilight"
"Best friends forever"
"Dear God  WHY?!"
"God and Pokemon"
"God's a dick"
"Cruel..."
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"Asian Timeline"
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"The exponential aging of Asian women"
"Line of puppies"
"Awwww  bless..."
"Strolling along."
"My boss shared sent me this today"
"Run Mars Run!"
"How I feel when my post gets one downvote and dies."
"Psycho Style"
"The Shining: Psycho Style"
"Not a big fan of sesame street"
"Your street is safe. co-splay"
"Cookie Monster slayer"
"Cookie Monster Hunter  with the right picture this time [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Cookie Monster slayer (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Mars - Base of Mount Sharp  Curiosity's eventual destination - Color adjusted to show the Martian scene under the lighting conditions on Earth"
"The base of Mount Sharp"
"Welcome to the base of Mount Sharp on Mars."
"reddit is full of retards."
"You got some big biscuits."
"Who was in my Grocery store?"
"What the... I can't..."
"There aren't words for this"
"He's beautiful."
"Well  he's just beautiful."
"Breaking Bad for halloween."
"Kick ass breaking bad kids"
"Back in the day"
"It had to be done."
"Faith in my generation: lost."
"I just saw this on my newsfeed. Dear god  what has this generation come to?"
"Best gif ever."
"Not sure if repost  but OMG so true"
"Anyone else been thinking about this for Hurricane Sandy?"
"does hurricane Sandy remind anyone of this movie?"
"My expectation of Hurricane Sandy based on news coverage"
"aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! *boom*"
"One of my favorite all-time gifs."
"A &quot;shiny&quot; Brush-Tailed Possum with its baby on its back."
"Albino Possum"
"Every damn morning..."
"Cat died this morning. Someone broke into my car. This is how I feel about Monday's."
"Monday morning"
"Waking up on Mondays"
"Then put your little hand in mine Then put your little hand in mine Then put your little hand in mine"
"All my mornings since reddit"
"Priorities."
"Talk About Priorities"
"Why does this exist?"
"This pretty much sums up the difference between the North and South"
"North Korea vs. South Korea"
"I don't know if this is a repost  but I think it hit the nail on the head."
"The main difference between north and south korea"
"You see this shit? IDIOT!"
"seal"
"High Five?"
"Time to get to work"
"What are you hinting at..."
"What are you implying...?"
"Invisible bongos"
"Ya so  I hit your car..."
"Leave my car to go into the grocery store  come back to this"
"My friend posted this on facebook"
"Hey  where's my face ?!"
"Life as a Redditor trying to earn karma and constantly being down-voted to obliteration"
"Uhmm  wtf is going on here?"
"Uhh... wat."
"No idea what is happening..."
"old school milk WTF"
"Dafuck ?"
"How about some milk with..."
"Mmmm delicious whole milk....and an ape man."
"So I guess some people get off to this"
"I'm a little confused.."
"Running with my girl"
"Feels good man."
"Oh  just an elephant hanging arou...OMGWTF!?"
"How to get an elephant a lake:"
"elephant was in for quite a ride!"
"&quot;This is totally gonna work. We're totally doing this.&quot;"
"Can... she swim?"
"Apple Mice"
"The Frog Prince(ss)?"
"REPOST! [gif]"
"Not sure if this has been posted but...."
"How I farm Karma."
"For those of us without talent  a camera  or cute animals."
"How I see people that post crap from 9gag"
"Pretty much my last day at work today..."
"How I feel remembering my cakeday."
"Basically everything these days."
"It's ironic how many times this has been reposted"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  today I conquered the friendzone"
"When I realize I have no final tests in any classes"
"That should do the trick..."
"How I'm starting to feel about the whole Ke$ha debate"
"When I see a &quot;Look who I ran into today&quot; post [fixed]"
"When people at your school brag about how fucked up they got over the weekend.."
"I see your ____  and raise you a ____."
"It's so hot in Texas..."
"When I hear people arguing over which way the toilet paper goes..."
"Best Pizza Box Stack"
"How I feel about the Olympic medal count..."
"My face  as a red blooded heterosexual male  when the Spice Girls reunited at the closing ceremonies. [FIXED]"
"Miley Cyrus got a haircut?"
"Regarding recent game devs facebook posts.."
"Every time I see Charlie Sheen in the news"
"Whenever someone tells me I'm doing something wrong"
"When people say it is their first post"
"When people ask questions in class this is how I usually feel..."
"Had Mother Lover stuck in my head at work today  then this popped in my head alongside it..."
"This was drawn entirely in pencil."
"This artist drew this portrait using only a pencil."
"Another one of those &quot;it's not a photo  it's a pencil drawing&quot; BUT THIS IS AMAZING (artist: Diego Fazio)"
"The new girl"
"Meet my dog Chewie."
"Chewbacca dog"
"Wookiee Puppy"
"A Young Chewbacca. That is all."
"star wars puppy"
"My co-pilot"
"There is way more like this."
"Forever Alone Level:0"
"Stop being tsundere!"
"Hoverhand: Lvl 99"
"Japan makes me aware of fetishes I wouldn't think of myself."
"Really Japan? Really?"
"The feeling when your college refund check deposits in your bank account."
"My girlfriend is in nursing school and just asked me to look over a paper she wrote."
"How I feel reading my new mortgage contract..."
"How I felt taking the AP Music Theory exam this morning."
"How I feel reading The God Delusion"
"When I'm reading through to find out why my friend is so flustered after his conversations in gaming forums."
"Looking at my Steam library after the sale"
"Every time my fiance tries to explain something to me about building computers."
"How I feel when I read a scientific journal."
"Every time I go on xkcd."
"How I feel researching a complex matter of psychology and only being six weeks into the course."
"Relatively new to Reddit. Just stumbled across an AMA by Neil deGrasse Tyson."
"The more you watch the funnier it gets."
"Star Wars has a big effect on dogs"
"Best ... campaign... EVER!"
"The honest to God truth..."
"N'awwww"
"It's All About Perspective..."
"Well f**k"
"Never seen one like this..."
"A wave at sunset"
"This picture made me want to drink a Capri Sun."
"Unitard"
"This dude has got an interesting style..."
"Cutie"
"Escalators are confusing"
"Funny .gif from the new Rebecca Black video."
"Laziness Level: Reddit [FIXED]"
"How I feel when people post about their lack of success in posting to the front page."
"Mom's having a pretty rough day [Fixed][Fixed]"
"Every Nickleback song."
"Hey guys! The Oatmeal! Tesla! Edison!"
"How i feel about the punchline in the title threads....."
"Doomba 10.0"
"I could watch this for hours!"
"if i was good at internet i would make this horse an NFL referee and we would have the perfect summary of today's posts everywhere"
"What I think of apple maps..."
"Apple Maps"
"Spiderman is real! He's young  but real!"
"WTF did I just see?"
"asian girl turns into pink armadillo ball  knocks truck off cliff"
"The Power Rangers have changed quite a bit since I was a kid..."
"This is Henry. He's always alarmed."
"i need to take a break"
"birdth n thtuff"
"Hey Mike  whatcha thinkin' about?"
"The bird's face..."
"Santa  no!"
"NO SANTA  DON'T TOUCH ME THERE!"
"How I felt walking into the library this morning at the start of finals week"
"When I walked in the Gym Today"
"Just checked my facebook for the first time in months..."
"How I feel when I check my Facebook after a night out"
"My family had a graduation party for me yesterday. This was my reaction to half the people there.."
"MFW I come home from vacation and all my friends changed their gamertags"
"Checking my facebook on my birthday."
"My reaction to the recent trend of seeing &quot;lol&quot; used in every second comment"
"Dealing with Facebook notifications after announcing my engagement."
"Checking my facebook wall on my birthday"
"My FB wall on my IRL cakeday"
"How I felt going back to school as a sophomore today"
"Having a rather large family  this is how i feel at a family reunion"
"New York turning into Ghostbusters"
"Underground parking lot filled with flood waters from Hurricane Sandy."
"What about me?"
"What the fuck did I just hatch."
"What the fuck did I just hatch."
"What the fuck did I just hatch."
"What the fuck did I just hatch"
"Adopted pup"
"Mother Hen"
"Marines birthday? Fox News nailed it"
"I really wanna go do this in public"
"Everytime I hand in an assignment"
"What I felt like doing with the rest of my resumes when I got a job."
"Just had some music going when this GIF showed up. And then the magic happened..."
"/v/ gives buying advice"
"Current pic of &quot;Beans&quot; from Even Stevens. I was hoping he would only be weird as a small child."
"Do you remember beans from Evens Stevens?"
"How Americans view Canada"
"How Americans view Canada [FIXED]"
"How America views Canada (FIXED)"
"How Americans view Canada [FIXED]"
"How West Coast Americans view Canada"
"And now for something different."
"No no. You come back later."
"This is what immediately went through my head when my wife told me she was pregnant"
"Hurricane Sandy approaching NYC"
"Frankenstorm behind the Statue of Liberty"
"sandy approaching nyc"
"Hurricane Sandy approaching lower Manhattan - Amazing Shot"
"New York today ..."
"Breathtaking view of Hurricane Sandy in New York"
"Sandy rollin' in. Photoshopped?"
"Storm bearing down  Lady Liberty standing tall"
"Hurricane Approaching New York - from the movie Independence Day?"
"Is this frankenstorm picture real?"
"Showed up on my feed (NYC)"
"Frankenstorm looming over lady liberty"
"Not sure if this is Sandy or Independence Day"
"Shot of frankenstorm over New York"
"shits about to get real"
"Time to play a little game I like to call &quot;Hurricane Footage or Scene from the Apocalypse?&quot;"
"That boat's about to get fucked up."
"Frankenstorm versus Lady Liberty"
"AMAZING PHOTO OF SANDY AS IT HITS NEW YORK - X-POST R/SANDY"
"God dammit  reddit. I keep seeing this picture of Sandy over NYC on Facebook. It's as fake as fake can fake. Help me fight this bullshit. (Original images in comments.)"
"Sandy heading for NYC"
"Nature you scary... and beautiful"
"This popped up on my fb thought I would share..."
"Sorry internets  that wall cloud (NYC Sandy) aint the real thing (howtotellbythepixels.gov)"
"Hurricane - New York City"
"Holy mother of science."
"The beauty of Sandy's power."
"An awesome picture of Hurricane Sandy over New York City."
"Shot of the Frankenstorm bearing down on New York City"
"Sandy Hits NyC"
"The power and beauty of nature is incredible."
"Unedited shot of the Statue of Liberty with Sandy behind it"
"An amazing shot of New York City today. Nature is so powerful  yet so beautiful."
"Amazing shot of the statue of liberty and Sandra!"
"Just saw this posted on my news feed. Please my nj family be safe!"
"weather in its most beautiful time."
"Found this on my FB feed. Hurricane Sandy is the stuff of nightmares."
"Sandy over New York"
"new york city ( fake photo ) but still really cool"
"Stunning picture of the hurricane approaching New York City"
"Really cool photo of Hurricane Sandy bearing down on NYC"
"New York City looks fun"
"The storm is coming!"
"The storm approaches"
"Saw this pic of NYC"
"The Frankenstorm comet"
"The picture hoax that's making the internet rounds..."
"Shot of NYC today. Nature is awesome."
"Hurricane Sandy nearing New York. Looks like its from a movie."
"Sandy and Lady Liberty!"
"My friend just posted this amazing shot to FB (sorry if repost)"
"Amazing picture of New York today with Hurricane Sandy approaching."
"This is an amazing shot of New York today with the Frankenstorm bearing down. Nature is so powerful  yet so beautiful."
"Terrifyingly beautiful"
"Amazing picture of Hurricane Sandy"
"I'm not a meteorologist  but I think there is more rain than sand right now."
"FB friend just uploaded this pic of Sandy."
"This is an amazing shot of New York today with the Frankenstorm bearing down"
"Storm approaching NYC"
"Amazing photo."
"'Murica"
"Sandy over NYC"
"It could have been worse..."
"Crazy Picture of Sandy's Wrath and The Statue of Liberty."
"Sandy."
"This gets me every time. Bert rolls deep."
"When my ex tries to complain about her current boyfriend to me"
"When my ex tries to complain about her current boyfriend to me and my best friend"
"How I feel at intersections with brony music blasting in my car"
"how the skyrim posts are making me feel lately"
"I was certified as a 'jean stylist' at Wet Seal today."
"Going back to school"
"When I think I did amazing on my midterm  but it turns out that I nearly failed it."
"Shit's about to go down."
"So  I saw Taylor Swift on the highway yesterday....."
"Celebrity sighting: Taylor Swift."
"These t-shirts were tested on animals."
"British humor at its best"
"Top Gear at it again"
"DROOOOLLLLL!!!!"
"thanksgiving... you're doing it right"
"My boyfriend and I are having a Reddit themed Thanksgiving. Here is my practice run. How did I do?"
"I keep hearing turkey bacon is better for you - hope this is what they mean"
"Ahh yes thanksgiving"
"First Prize Costume from 1894- side of bacon"
"College Laundry Rooms"
"After reading &quot;What is the grossest  most regrettable thing you have done sexually?&quot;"
"Seriously am I?!"
"I really can't be the only one.."
"How I felt reading all the anti-islam posts....."
"Just Wondering..."
"How I feel when I get on reddit"
"How I feel on Facebook"
"As a college student  I've been wondering..."
"facebook rage"
"People seem to get really worked up..."
"Every time I browse YouPorn..."
"I know I'll get crap for this  but I seriously think he looks like Skrillex"
"Am I the only one....really?"
"AM I THE ONLY ONE"
"Whenever I see the &quot;Look who I ran into today!&quot; posts."
"It seems like everyday it hits the front page"
"I only need like 50 sec"
"Seriously though..."
"this is one of my favorite gifs"
"&quot;Excuse me  miss. I'm going to have ask you to... OMG pet my head.&quot;"
"If Zelda was a little more realistic."
"Anne Hatha...what?"
"I love this mov...oh GOD.."
"Ann Hathawtf?"
"Keep an eye on those monkeys.."
"I'm disappointed in my generation..."
"Whenever I hear my favorite song on the radio"
"When I win an argument."
"Post finally made it to the front page"
"I think this gif will go with anything."
"He lives!"
"Carl from Up (2009) is real!"
"He's real!"
"For reasons I cannot explain  this put a smile on my face"
"My friends grandpa reminds me of something..."
"Call of Duty in a Nutshell"
"Seems accurate"
"DNC Protester gets it right."
"Polite Protester"
"I would love to be a therapist"
"I can't get the chips"
"Infomercials (x-post r/gifs)"
"Shit...I forgot how to eat chips"
"Infomercials [x-post r/gifs]"
"Do it man. It'll be awesome."
"Oh  how I laugh and laugh when other men post here"
"Luscious Locks x-post r/fancyfollicles"
"When I saw the thumbnail I thought this was a woman..."
"They always go for the boxes....."
"It's my cake day so here I give you my kitty Franklin in a box"
"This belongs here..."
"I missed my cakeday  but I'll still share my favorite gif... classic Jeff Winger"
"Here's Ned Stark with the weather"
"Ed Stark: Weatherman"
"Purple Forest  With A Blue Stream In The Middle"
"The fairy pools on the Isle of Skye  Scotland"
"Nature's Beauty."
"Meanwhile  in the youtube comment section..."
"Every time I go to the dentist"
"Finally a way to get this song out of my head  another win for Obama."
"Obama really nails the Single Ladies wave"
"Obama's impression of Beyonce's Put a Ring on it"
"EPIC JESUS"
"Trying Nutella bacon"
"My face at every Kate Upton photo"
"I was closing by myself at work when I saw this in the basement and nearly had a heart attack"
"Girl from Splice in my basement"
"So I Googled Cats Riding Horse..."
"I must own this!"
"Am I ever gonna want to sit on this face?"
"Holy Nicolas Cage"
"Buy yourself something nice."
"When an ex want's to &quot;patch things up&quot;"
"Microsoft's E3 last year."
"So subtle  yet so true."
"TIL hats give you wealth and power"
"How I feel upvoting a comment at 0."
"Oh National Text Your Ex Day..."
"Straight to the point"
"How I feel on facebook recently"
"Who said YOLO?"
"How I felt at my cousins 14th birthday party."
"haha"
"Who was it?"
"yolo  repost"
"WHO SAID IT!"
"Waiting for the Nintendo press conference to begin..."
"My friend told me about a new 3-hour-long workout routine he wanted me to try. This was my response."
"Poop Nuts"
"Alpha pig problems."
"I Didn't Choose the Thug Life  the Thug Life Chose Me"
"It has begun."
"Punch Bowl Falls  Eagle Creek Wilderness Area  California [1600 x 1200]"
"beautiful lake in hawai'i"
"A+ for effort.."
"So close..."
"OMG..."
"Jumping time."
"My life represented in a gif"
"Sprinkler nut shot"
"My girlfriend just before she climaxes"
"Fail"
"Yep  he should have died."
"Gettin' out of the truck like a boss"
"Tag  you're it."
"Every time I don't use a condom with a random girl and everything turns out fine."
"Calm your tits"
"This guys got the right idea"
"This little girl has already accomplished more than you will in your entire life...."
"How I feel trying to get on Reddit's Front Page."
"Slide: you are doing it wrong. (Also Physics)"
"What it feels like to leave reddit."
"An animated graphical illustration of the ongoing futility of front page attainment."
"Eye of the Tiger cat training"
"Tebow wins: tebow posts.everywhere /Tebow loses: Tebow posts.everywhere"
"Not the sunflower you are thinking about"
"Dandelion."
"I guess that's one way to go..."
"How does this possibly end well?"
"Best.Party.Ever."
"I'd love to hear the reasoning behind this."
"This seems like a bad idea [NSFW]"
"Umm  what did they think was going to happen? (NSFW)"
"The hottest body I've seen in a while..."
"As a gentle reminder this holiday season... Please remember those who are less fortunate."
"The very picture of income disparity"
"Just The Tip"
"How I feel coming back to work today after a 10 day break"
"Trying to make a budget for the first time"
"So I played a bit of Final Fantasy XIII and the XIII-2 Demo and this is how I feel."
"How I feel while playing Homeworld2 for the first time"
"How I picture Scott Howson and the CBJ front office on a day to day basis"
"I wrestled and played football in high school. I started working for my girlfriend's dad who owns an A/V company. How I feel in my first week"
"Me trying graphic design for he first time"
"My first time on reddit.com - I've always used the iPhone app."
"I want your soul"
"To sell propane... (x-post)"
"I have never felt pain by looking at a picture till now"
"Ouch... [NSFL]"
"The gang graffiti on campus is getting a little absurd"
"Oppa Gangnam style Batman"
"'Oppa Gotham Style'"
"My favorite gif."
"What I predict Halloween 2012 will consist of:"
"Oppa Gotham Syle"
"Oppa Gotham Style!"
"Ladies  Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Yes of course  it all makes perfect sense now."
"Some things make you smile every time"
"Guile Cat"
"Power Training"
"When my dentist tells my I need a Root Canal while I'm at a [5]"
"When my company told us they were laying people off and cutting my pay"
"How I feel when I think I have a good idea for a post and then it gets downvoted to the pits of reddit hell."
"$5 at a 7-11"
"Walking in to McDonald's with more than $5 [Repost]"
"Walking into Taco Bell with more than $5"
"When you just used the Purell automatic foam dispenser"
"When I want to fap and my parents finally go to sleep - Imgur"
"Every time I walk into McDonalds with more than 5 dollars"
"when I walk into McDonald's with more than $5"
"How I Feel When I Use Purell Walking Through a Hospital"
"When I'm about to identify a bag full of rares."
"When my girlfriend tells me her period is over"
"When my girlfriend tells me her period is over"
"When deciding how to address Curiosity on my facebook"
"Me going through my collection of what to post on my cakeday"
"Your Argument Is Invalid"
"My hair is a bird  your argument is invalid."
"Your argument is invalid"
"I Googled &quot;Guy with Fedora&quot;  this was the result."
"Elway photobomb (x-post from r/NFL)"
"Pretty meaningful  I thought I'd share"
"Quite the heartwarming tale."
"Keep Calm"
"Ha"
"I'm not sure why this works  but it just does"
"How i feel catching a misspelled word before posting"
"Made in.. what?"
"Romney to create 12 million American jobs his first term as president"
"How I feel when video content is &quot;Not available in your region&quot;"
"Only 1 hour left in my Reddit birthday and i just noticed."
"I luv dis dawg!"
"Float Like a Butterfly and Sting Like a Bee [fixed]"
"Today's my birthday and this is how I feel having two tests."
"My Cakeday Thus Far"
"'Merica"
"Any time I play an FPS"
"I was like..."
"I was like..."
"Pew pew pew"
"Nice work  luke."
"How it should be!"
"I just came across this yesterday. This is awesome  and they need internet love for it."
"Ricardo Mohr photo of tornado"
"Gather the troops."
"The time has come fellow redditors"
"It is time..."
"/b/ is organizing this to happen on 9/11"
"9gag attack(X post from /r/4chan  repost for awareness)"
"Operation Bukkake"
"Has this been posted here yet? Please  spread the word. ~White Team"
"4chan's master plan to destroy 9gag - Operation Bukkake"
"4Chan wishes to bring together Reddit  FunnyJunk  and Tumblr against 9Gag on 9/11."
"The time has come"
"Just a reminder"
"Don't forget!"
"Making sure that EVERYONE knows about this"
"The realization as you get into the shower and fart."
"Fucking Seal seal!"
"Seal"
"So I was looking for that seal that says &quot;Gaaaaaaay!&quot; [Bing]ed &quot;Gay Seal&quot;..."
"Looked up &quot;Gay Seal&quot; on Google"
"So i googled &quot;Seal of Reddit&quot;..."
"Come at me bro"
"Girl Dancing"
"What I would like to say to those people who start racist trending topics on Twitter."
"Don't worry Mom  I got this."
"Oh hai dere"
"Who said fish couldn't be happy?"
"Apple announces the new iPad Nano."
"We wish John Lennon  the vocalist of Beatles a very Happy Birthday and a joyous year ahead... WHAT???"
"Mtv getting facts wrong... WTF!"
"Dafuq"
"Feeling a bit bloated."
"This belongs here."
"One of the most disturbing face swaps I've seen."
"Well...not really a face swap but great nonetheless"
"I googled &quot;wat&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"God made man from dirt and cloned another person from a rib. It makes perfect sense  no?"
"This is why we have trash cans"
"Burn them with fire!"
"Robble Robble"
"Old but a goodie"
"Ordering fast food"
"The Hamburglar strikes again!"
"The Hamburgler strikes again!!"
"Baby bat doesn't want to wake up"
"Ah youth..."
"Ths GIF never fails to make me laugh"
"This wasn't being appreciated on my newsfeed."
"Bandwagon"
"Better jump on it soon."
"Star Wars Crayons"
"Attention to detail"
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!!!!!!!!"
"Rough way to go..."
"One of the Worst Ways to Die!"
"Such a playa"
"Pop!"
"Dear  come to the window. This you must see."
"A haboob in Phoenix  Arizona"
"My thoughts after San Francisco set a bus on fire after winning the world series."
"You've probably never heard of them  they're from a long time ago"
"STAR WARS Rockers!"
"Bacon of Zeus"
"Jet puffed. [NSFW]"
"The Doctor is in."
"On discovering  after my first successful submission  that self.posts don't affect karma"
"The recipe for the greatest show of all time."
"What's it called?"
"Everyone's favorite day in school."
"Everyone's favorite day at school [fixed]"
"Bill Nye"
"Who wants to go shopping?"
"Cant help but share this with you guys"
"Going Shopping!"
"Just heading to the store..."
"Kitties!"
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnold  and Andre the giant. Three BIG dudes."
"Arnold looking like a little child"
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnold Schwarzenegger  Andre the Giant-- on the set of Conan."
"Science  BITCH!!"
"The Internet Army"
"Hey guys  I can throw a 150 mph fastball!"
"I just got bored shaving and decided to continue down to my chest  this is how I feel"
"Right after I scratch my eye when it's been itching."
"A couple days after I've shaved my balls smooth"
"Oh Modern Family"
"Classic Phil Dunphey"
"what"
"what"
"So  giraffes are popular now?"
"I'd love the story behind this."
"I don't even wanna know."
"I wen't to the doctors yesterday... It didn't turn out so well."
"Cutest puppy I have ever seen"
"There's just nothing cuter than a puppy. Nothing."
"Look At It!!!!!!"
"Just keep walking"
"Should I... Should I do something?"
"x post from comments..."
"i dont know why i love this so much"
"Friend Zone Level: ∞"
"This is about the most religious posts I get on my facebook feed. I count myself lucky"
"Well  when you're right  you're right."
"At least he knows his anatomy..."
"Ka-POW"
"walking in on my girlfriend with another guy"
"how internet forums work"
"MY favorite gif ever!"
"What my relationship with Reddit feels like during finals week"
"GTFO bitch  I'm doing science"
"The way my dad is watching the debate"
"The perfect way to watch the debate"
"How the debates should be watched"
"How my friend watched the debate."
"&quot;The way my dad watches the debate&quot;"
"How I feel moving from my twin sized bed to my boyfriend's queen size bed"
"Whenever I look at my inventory after using all my keys and key items in Resident Evil (x-post r/Gaming)"
"Sadly  going from a lazy straight-A high school student to a college student majoring in engineering."
"How I feel in the evening now that daylight savings has just started for the summer in Australia"
"After deleting almost 500 people off Facebook  this is how I feel"
"How i feel when I talk to my GF about other relationships"
"Gary Busey of Oz"
"I'd watch this version of the Wizard of Oz"
"They all need brains."
"Bourgeois duck stays afloat."
"Bourgeois duck stays afloat."
"this duck is the 1%"
"Rude duck"
"Scumbag Duck"
"Yeah so uhh... Hurricane sandy"
"Things are getting serious.."
"Things are getting weird on the New Jersey highways."
"So this is a Jersey thing now that the Hurricane's in town."
"it's a Jersey thing."
"Me every time America wins a gold"
"Most dogs play fetch at the park  my friend's dog likes to swing."
"My friend looked a lot like the guy in this ad."
"This is awkward."
"Showing up to a party being the only girl..."
"Found this on imgur  so true"
"I....just....wow......"
"Denmark is the clear winner"
"faces of power"
"OK! They're REALLY all fucked."
"That's right Tom."
"Scared of dolphins? She's terrified."
"Two ancient evils are joining forces..."
"How many can we name? (now numbered!)"
"C'MON MAAAAAAN"
"Whenever I see something on the front page that I totally could have thought of - but didn't. [gif]"
"From the dream of yesterday..."
"Actually bought a tear to my eye (re-post from /r/futurology)"
"From the dream of yesterday... [xpost /r/Frisson]"
"Actually brought a tear to my eye. Repost from r/futurology and r/getmotivated"
"Well Tesco  if you insist..."
"I just want to pay for my shopping"
"I'd rather not  thanks"
"*Giggles*"
"Any kid that looks up to me does this."
"Trying to eat with younger relatives. You've all been there."
"He isn't a Navy Seal but I'm proud of him."
"Behold  the angel came to him."
"And the angel said unto him...[xpost from r/funny]"
"I think this is the right place for this..."
"Stop Hitting Yourself"
"And the angel said unto him...."
"Stop Hitting Yourself"
"What I can only assume to be the most interesting Halloween... ever"
"Oh glorious zebra butt"
"Ill leave this here"
"Tell me your secrets!"
"Everyone that argues in comment threads"
"How I feel when I let someone copy my homework then they complain because they can't read it."
"Never say no to Panda! (a repost of course  but cleaned up)"
"One man's hell is that same man's heaven"
"So  you like donuts  eh?"
"There is always &quot;That Guy&quot; at the Monday morning meetings."
"This made me laugh so hard..."
"AHHHHHHH!"
"Baby bear v. Lion cub"
"Hi there... OH SHIIIITTT!!"
"How I felt in middle school dances."
"The never before seen  secret member of nirvana"
"Beach shower that looks like a giant Sprite machine"
"That guy."
"Physics in Motion"
"How successful redditors must feel about acquiring karma when they make a new post."
"How I Feel Missing My Cake Day"
"Every time The Fray comes on when I'm watching Scrubs"
"Someone shared their favorite scene  and I felt inspired to make it Reddit specific. Enjoy! (First attempt at a GIF  go easy.)"
"When I try to make any sort of post to reddit."
"/r/new in a nutshell"
"And make it snappy Superman."
"The Fonz - Then and now. Aaayyy!...."
"Ayyy!"
"Cheesus Christ"
"In queso emergency  I pray to Cheesus"
"Probably one of the saddest pictures on the Internet [FIXED]"
"I googled &quot;saddest picture on the internet.&quot; This was one of the results."
"Doesn't matter; Cheerleader"
"That is one shitty cheerleader..."
"When I wake and realize I still have 3 more hours of sleep left."
"Sean Connery US Open"
"Sean Connery Fist Pump"
"Sean Connery Learned Something from Watching the &quot;Jersey Shore&quot;"
"Great escape"
"Freedom!"
"You...shall not...PASS!"
"I think I found my new favorite GIF"
"Danger Zone!"
"The Radical Preacher"
"Does this happen at all black churches? (not sure if repost)"
"Bitch  Ima F-22."
"My favorite gif"
"The difference a hat can make."
"Meow so hard"
"How I feel when shaving my balls."
"This game needs a sequel."
"A REAL Gem"
"The colors of the rainbow"
"If only I knew this as a child!"
"LPT: win office games with awesome paper planes"
"Paper airplanes."
"This has got to be one of the funniest gifs I have ever seen."
"How I felt when I realized that I'd missed my cake day."
"No matter how bad a day I've had  I still find this gif hilarious."
"FLOP FLOP FLOP FLOP"
"I can't describe it  but here's one of my favorite gifs of all time"
"i gonna do it! im gonna make to the front pa-"
"Smallville learnt well"
"How I feel when I want to make a gif"
"HOLY FUCDSAKBAGHSAIGDKADHADSADSA"
"Miracle in Madagascar"
"Gott'em."
"Lafawnduh"
"Lafawnduh"
"I couldn't stop fucking Laughing"
"For my cake day  give me all of your glory."
"When fifa-players tell me they're gamers  simply put I don't try anymore."
"When fifa-players tell me they're gamers  simply put  I don't try anymore."
"My reaction when I've been working on some code for hours and still cannot narrow the problem down"
"Waking up realizing my 21st birthday is going to be lame. .."
"When I get a lot of upvotes"
"When I go home for a weekend  and my mother makes my favorite meal."
"Whenever momma brings home nutella AND bagel bites at the same time!"
"YES YES YES!"
"No plans for Spring Break? Time to play this little gem again......"
"Well I didn't need sleep anyways..."
"Anybody who has ever tried to teach a parent about technology over the phone."
"When my ex tries to talk to me."
"Hurricane Sandy - Cat 1"
"This is..interestiing"
"Black and White Hole"
"How I feel when I down vote a comment to 0 on a popular thread."
"I still regret nothing!!!"
"Oh /b/ you make me laugh"
"Why I love 4chan"
"Pedophiles beware"
"Friend chilling with a stingray"
"Ray  will you get out of the picture please!"
"The minute I get home for college break..."
"How I eat as a Muslim in Ramadan before the fasting begins..."
"My girlfriend every time she comes over to my house"
"Thank goodness"
"Uhhhhhh... No?"
"Who the fuck made this app?"
"Good on you  reddit."
"This comforts me."
"even though we lost   I am still impressed"
"My first picture  and I think it's true."
"Questions like these make me loose hope in the human race."
"I feel like there is only one true answer"
"Well this was a simple choice"
"They just don't understand..."
"I thought reddit would appreciate this."
"WE WON!!!"
"Fucks given...zero"
"Kill 'em with kindness  they said"
"how I feel my first post is gonna go"
"When I misspell sumthing"
"After a long day on Reddit."
"I couldn't resist. [x-post from /r/houseMD]"
"dont h8 da playa h8 da gam3"
"Shots Shots Shots!!"
"How Locks Works."
"How keys work explained in one perfect animated GIF"
"How keys work"
"Fucking bird...[GIF]"
"Evolution (fixed) from http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/pd0ak/fool_me_once/"
"Should have quit while ahead!"
"I think Reddit will like this one."
"Wrong cat to pick a fight with"
"Bird mocks cat. Cat wins."
"fuck you gravity i am a cat"
"When trolling goes wrong"
"kid BOOOOSH"
"The only proper response to Shit Reddit Says"
"Strawberries!! AWESOME!!! [PIC]"
"Pure bliss"
"Well said."
"I've been laughing at this for so long I can't remember my name. Or if this is a repost."
"While on r/gentlemenboners drunk."
"&quot;I'd like to make a withdrawal please&quot;"
"The girl I thought friendzoned me asked me out"
"My reaction to an upvote on my comment."
"How I felt when I saw my comment karma showing next to my username."
"What day one on reddit feels like"
"I just received my 600th Karma point"
"How I felt when I logged in to find I had over 100 karma!! ( I have small reddit dreams  OK)"
"True story"
"Just browsing the internet  then I found this..."
"Don't fuck with cats."
"Teaching kids not to hit"
"GTFO n00b!"
"Whaaaaa?!?"
":D"
"How I feel when people post about what they did on facebook."
"The Last Supper [Fixed]"
"The Last Supper"
"The Last Supper"
"Last Science Supper"
"The cutest animal  laying on a branch"
"It's a Japanese dwarf flying squirrel"
"Japanese flying squirrel curled up to keep warm"
"Herro!(What would you rate this on the cute scale of 1 to 10?)"
"Someone text this in to the UK's TV showing of the paralympics."
"Nice one  Channel4"
"Britain's Finest"
"Did anyone else see this on Channel 4's Paralympic coverage?"
"I think channel four may need to start double checking which txts they show during the olympics."
"So this popped up during the Paralympics"
"An interesting argument."
"Producers not paying attention to live tweets..."
"Tweets on TV."
"Only in Australia..."
"Dog likes dis"
"[10] dog doing what a [10] dog does."
"Just a couple of dudes at a science fair"
"The Chiefs are so bad they actually killed a man"
"The Chiefs are so bad they actually killed a guy"
"Man actually dies from watching the Chiefs."
"Dem Seagulls be Lovin' it"
"When I realized it.."
"The Counter Strike: Global Offensive Beta comes out today and this is my current state of mind:"
"REQUEST(1600x900)"
"bread crumbs"
"when my post gets a few votes and is then forgotten forever"
"Isn't this just rape?"
"Just found this on wikipedia. Quote: &quot;Because when you are a sniper you can do anything&quot;"
"Steve Jobs giving finger to IBM - in 1983."
"Steve Jobs giving IBM the finger in 1983"
"When mods say not to downvote posts I disagree with"
"How I feel whenever some says they were casually browsing r/gonewild"
"Whenever I hear that a supernatural horror flick is &quot;based on a true story&quot;"
"No fap September?"
"When dumb bitches give me a sarcastic thumbs up."
"When someone threatens to hack me"
"My reaction to the guy claiming 4 years sober was a &quot;small accomplishment.&quot;"
"My reaction to a co-worker mentioning that the moon landing was fake during a conversation about Felix Baumgartner"
"Who is this girl?"
"Whenever I see a &quot;found him like this&quot; post."
"When ever porn has the word virgin in it."
"When the professor says the take home quiz is not open note."
"every time my roommate says he'll do the dishes"
"Dreams do come true. A shipping container fell off during a storm and this is what washed up on the beach.."
"Redditor spreads loads of out of date chip bags for that ever elusive reddit gold"
"Admit it  we're all guilty of this"
"The Human Trap"
"I don't know if this has been posted before  but this .gif is awesome!"
"Did not see that coming"
"Why cats are evil"
"How it feels opening a new pack of cigarettes  while deployed in the military."
"Its motherfucking friday!"
"When I forget to set an alarm  but still wake up on time."
"Whenever I get an A on a test I didn't study for"
"The moment you up- or downvote something to 1337..."
"When my roommate informed me his little sister's friend wants to have her 18th birthday party at our house and invite all her friends."
"Who The Fuck is this reporter? The expression on his face while he does it is fucking priceless"
"Getting exactly the spot you wanted in the library."
"While watching The Avengers"
"How I feel after receiving hundreds of upvotes for the first time on one my comments"
"The Last of Us...."
"When I drive through a speed trap and don't get a ticket"
"How I feel when I get the shower temperature right on my first try."
"CEAS Dean Carlo &quot;Stepping down&quot;. My first thought as a CS student whose degree he tried to kill last year"
"My reaction when my girlfriend asked me to watch women's Olympic volleyball with her."
"When I found out I can browse Reddit and listen to music at work."
"How I feel after sending my youngest kid off the Kindergarten and realizing no more daycare payments."
"How I feel seeing an ex that got chubby over the summer."
"How I feel browsing /r/justiceporn"
"Thats so funny...."
"when someone has baby wipes instead of TP"
"How I felt after a successful date with a girl."
"When I saw that I hit 1500 karma..."
"OUCH"
"This made me cringe"
"nope"
"Some men just want to watch the world BURN."
"Meanwhile in Sweden."
"Wut?"
"I just got this from my ex that I haven't spoken to in almost two years."
"Got this in a text from my ex today... I haven't spoken to her in two years."
"Rappers as kids...they haven't changed a bit. [x-post from r/hiphopheads]"
"Rappers as kids"
"Alakazam used Psybeam!"
"Gangnam Style!"
"Alakazam used Psybeam!"
"It has now spread to Pokemon."
"Not something I expected on my news feed today"
"Yup.. Sums up my week"
"I love it!"
"I love it."
"I don't think he is joking"
"Old but gold"
"Um  Batman  I think he is so serious"
"Did you say carrot?!?"
"Did someone say carrots?"
"Did someone say carrots? (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Cute little Axolotl"
"So this happened today near me. News report in comments."
"So  it snowed in Ohio today..."
"50 Car pileup in Colerain  Ohio."
"So this just happened by my friends home"
"Huge Pileup in Southern Ohio"
"When snow and wind combine on the highway."
"Ariel view: 86 vehicle pile-up in Cincinnati  OH"
"Aerial view: 87 vehicle pile-up in Cincinnati  OH"
"The real reason I'm on Reddit so much"
"Naughty Sockets"
"This man deserves a gold star ! *"
"Best answers for a pre-test"
"Literal test answers - so true."
"How He/She Got An F for The Test"
"A+ for Creativity"
"Nailed It!"
"&quot;Don't kiss me..&quot; (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Don't kiss me..."
"...what are you up to in there? Actually  never mind me..."
"Are you feeling the LSD now  Mr. Krabs?"
"A weird creation of mine called &quot;Are you feeling the LSD now  Mr. Krabs?&quot;"
"How it was having sex without a condom for the first time. (didn't make the image myself) [First Post]"
"This belongs here"
"Bunny wants a cookie.. Please?"
"Lil' Wayne"
"Lil' Wayne"
"My sister has this picture in her room..hopefully not a repost!"
"Pretty Sure This Belongs Here."
"Ice cream!!"
"I love perspective illusions like this."
"Morgan Freeman as Count Dracula on The Electric Company"
"Morgan Freeman as Count Dracula on The Electric Company"
"Morgan Freeman as Count Dracula on The Electric Company"
"Chocolate bird bath..."
"How I feel when that time of the month comes again"
"Hey what's thi...oh...oh my..yessssss."
"He just couldn't wait!"
"Oldie but a goodie"
"FUCK THIS SHIT."
"Sup"
"Amazing chameleon photo"
"coolest thing ever"
"Rainbow Chameleon"
"Falcon punch"
"Winter is coming..."
"The beauty of winter"
"It's coming"
"Are you pregnant?"
"The miracle of being a father"
"Pretty standard behavior I guess"
"Belief in Evolution Versus National Wealth (WTF US?)"
"Interesting chart."
"this made me depressed to live in 'merica"
"swag + hagrid. that is all."
"thug life"
"Swagrid"
"stupid people.."
"The Adventures of Helen Keller"
"This is how I feel when someone says: &quot;Because it's in the Bible.&quot;"
"When I fart in a car full of other people."
"Or you could buy a 100 Grand...."
"That's enough internet for tonight."
"A young Steven Colbert. Quite a handsome man  I must say."
"The Invention Of Cool"
"A true moderator."
"A real badass in a poncho."
"He makes a poncho look badass (FIXED)"
"Aaah fond memories"
"Well played."
"I fucking new there was something fishy going on."
"Honey Boo Boo in Ninja Turtles? (Funny Or Die)"
"Thought I'd give the face swap thing a go... I didn't swap the face."
"I got a boner  but only for like half a second."
"Jim Carrey's Career"
"10/14: This Day We Fight"
"This Day We Fight"
"School on a Monday."
"The cold  hard truth about penguins."
"How to win Dad of the Year award..."
"&quot;No worries there  Ralph  I got this!!!&quot; (x/post from r/funny)"
"Excellent Point Sir But.."
"That's a great point but..."
"Reddit after clicking &quot;Load more comments&quot;"
"When I wake up to the smell of fresh baked cookies."
"Fuck 5pm"
"If we did not have pupils [Fixed]"
"If we didn't have pupils (fixed)"
"Well.. i wasn't going to sleep anyway"
"Professional cuddler makes $260 inviting strangers to take a nap with her at home."
"As an engineering student this is me lately...."
"The 5 symptoms of laziness"
"My problem exactly"
"I think im lazy"
"My reaction when professor finds my cheat sheet"
"My mom joined Reddit"
"Just found out girl I started dating is a very close friend of my ex"
"How I feel when I get up in the morning and realize my phone wasn't charging."
"When I wake up and find my Girlfriend wet the bed."
"As a muslim on reddit... this is how I felt when I saw r/atheism today"
"How I feel being liberal in the South and reading FB status updates."
"After 3 hours of work on my game  my computer just kicked me from the game without autosave."
"School starts in 2 weeks"
"Any time I accidentally click on IE instead of the start button."
"I just remembered that I have to work on Labor Day"
"My very first cakeday was yesterday  and I thought I could wait to post something until I got home from work..."
"When my sister says she wants to watch long island medium"
"Mid-life superheroes."
"Whenever i try my hand at sports (xpost)"
"whenever i try my hand at sports"
"A view of space shuttle Endeavor's flight deck"
"Space shuttle Endeavor's flight deck [1050 x 699] (X-post from r/pics)"
"Browsing r/buildapc when trying to build my first computer with 0 technical knowledge"
"Belongs here  space shuttle Endeavour's flight deck (x-post from r/pics) [1050 x 699]"
"Just got my first smart phone and this is what I feel like I am dealing with"
"How my parents view any form of technology they have to use"
"That the only reason"
"Like a BOSS!"
"Not so scary anymore."
"Blah blah 'Shark Week' derp derp"
"How sharks feel on tv this week"
"Just imagine."
"My favorite derp ever"
"About those squid with human like teeth... They're all assimilating!"
"Sharks with human teeth"
"New species of shark discovered!!!!"
"Salvador Dali Taking His Anteater For A Walk"
"Rabbit has something to say..."
"Look at all the bothers I give"
"Keeping it clean (xpost from pics)"
"The thug life chose pooh."
"Leaving a trail...?"
"This is what I call flexible"
"ummm?"
"When you're telling a story  and someone takes the spotlight...."
"Spotlight stolen"
"Don't mind me..."
"shit just got real"
"Don't make me tell you twice."
"Every time I try to get fancy with my dance moves..."
"Oh hai there"
"Cobra Cat."
"Don't you touch me!"
"Where is it??!!!???"
"What do you mean?"
"Dude"
"Dude!"
"I Discovered Who Actually Runs Reddit....."
"You Shall Not Disobey. (X-Post from r/AdviceAnimals)"
"Everything is going according to my plan."
"I can't see how this could go wrong? ... oh."
"I really  really wonder what was their objective"
"Ultimate wedgie..."
"I have no idea what these guys are trying to achieve"
"Incredibly detailed Blue Spy cosplay! [Team Fortress 2]"
"Without further ado  I present to you  a baby hedgehog"
"Gaming Collections: Down for Whatever"
"Gamers May Appreciate"
"Someone likes variety"
"The Ultimate Gaming Setup!"
"A gamers paradise."
"Once you visit this room  you'll never see sunlight again."
"Once you visit this room  you'll never see sunlight again. (X-Post from r/funny)"
"Slender"
"I don't think so buddy"
"Ah  nostalgia."
"Can I please come in"
"Ill have a pound of...WTF?!"
"There are no words to describe this..."
"That'll be $7.07  enjoy"
"How I feel when Muslims bring up peace in an argument against atheism"
"The Black Knight"
"Tis but a scratch"
"New at McDonald's! As good as it sounds  I think I might have to give it a miss..."
"Never Forget the Twinkies"
"You can ski... but you can't hide."
"Lets celebrate Columbus Day together"
"'Merica"
"Happy Columbus Day!"
"Let's celebrate Columbus Day"
"Guys  it's Columbus Day!"
"Columbus Day"
"Alright  gtfo."
"This is how reposts and the front page works."
"Ironic  innit?"
"How I feel after 2 days of sleet."
"DO I LOOK LIKE I CARE - made this last week cos there's just not enough gangnam style gifs out there."
"Theres a typhoon hitting Korea right now"
"To the &quot;Cat in the pants&quot; phenomenon spreading around.."
"Do I look like I care?"
"Incredible picture of a French soldier in Mali (pic. by Issouf Sanago/AFP)"
"French soldier wearing skeleton mask stands next to a tank in Mali"
"Christians: 1 Atheists: 0"
"They got us..."
"CHECKMATE ATHEISTS!!!"
"My friend just uploaded this to Facebook"
"Check mate  atheists"
"How I feel when I'm at my boyfriend's house for studying/sexy times and his parents come home unannounced."
"When I hear someone brought in donuts to work..."
"So a deer walks into a bar..."
"So this is what bar hopping looks like?"
"Arriving to class late on the day of a test"
"This is how I feel trying to find my classes on the first day back."
"When awaiting a response after making a witty facebook status..."
"How i feel watching reddit bash a religion that has the potential to react violently"
"Everytime our office hottie walks by."
"Already 12 chapters behind on reading and found out it's going to be a 3 day weekend."
"Me after I saw my random comment got over 1400 upvotes."
"My reaction on getting my first front page link"
"Having never been to a Dubstep show  this is how I felt after a few drinks."
"Doctor Who and College Football are coming back this weekend-"
"How I feel when a girl says yes. (I'm guessing.)"
"Like a boss (of the Pawnee Parks and Recreation Department)"
"Ron Swanson Bacon Dance"
"Ron some bacon on it"
"How I'll be spending my first day-off of work in a while."
"Some band uploaded this pic to facebook. I thought it belongs here. Just getting some facetime in."
"Lightning photo I took a while back"
"When my mom is asking me to do chores"
"When a customer comes in 5 minutes before closing"
"Round Ron"
"Work knows I have three job offers but I haven't handed in my resignation yet."
"You can be anyone on the Internet."
"Patrick Star For President"
"He's got my vote"
"When people ask me who I'm voting for"
"As Election day is quickly approaching in a couple of hours  here's a candidate that will really solve our problems."
"She Comes First"
"The rebuttal to the Darwin Fish"
"Snookies Baby"
"pedosquirrel?"
"O  YouTube"
"How I feel on Reddit at times [Fixed]"
"Feline! Disrespect! From! Behind!"
"The exact moment I realized I'm done with the internet for the day."
"Feline Disrespect"
"Feline disrespect! From behind!"
"When /r/aww meets /r/WTF"
"To whoever keeps this street free of snow... I'm impressed"
"Well deserved!"
"I updated everyone's favorite GIF"
"Updated a favorite"
"Whenever someone says &quot;We got turkey bacon instead&quot;"
"He ain't a prodigy"
"Whenever my Nephew tries to put me down because of my disability."
"Bill and Hillary Clinton in their younger days."
"Ugh..White People!"
"Got Moves"
"Dancing matches perfectly"
"One of the more creative foot tattoos i've seen..."
"found this funny.."
"Shit just got real"
"Awesome Saints Row 3 Error"
"Bat Embryo"
"Bat Embryo. That is all."
"Peek-a-boo! Bat embryo"
"Bat Embryo."
"I know it's been done before  but this time DC and Marvel teamed up to clean the windows at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh"
"Window Washers at my local Children's Hospital. The kids LOVED it!"
"Superheroes wash windows at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh!"
"spot on."
"All your Max Moxxi cosplays are now worthless. I give you Jessica Nigri as Max Moxxi [x-post Borderlands 2]"
"just adorable"
"He is ready"
"The best bird around."
"Bird Kombat (FIXED)"
"Off to Hogwarts..."
"That explains a lot."
"Googled &quot;Arnold Schwarzenegger as a kid&quot;..."
"Googled &quot;Arnold Schwarzenegger as a kid&quot;... (x-post from r/WTF)"
"What I imagined Arnold Schwarzenegger's other son looked like when news first broke.."
"Feetz"
"Why would you ban such an awesome dog?"
"This is why you stick to dogs"
"This is why I'm afraid to play Half-Life anymore."
"Oh hai there."
"Oh sbhbibt! Stobobop!"
"Come here poochy! Oh god stop  stop."
"derp"
"Sand sucks!!!"
"Every morning when I have to wake up early"
"Now  play dead kitty!! play dead!"
"Sleepy cat"
"How i feel when i wake up in the morning"
"This is genius. (x-post r/foodporn)"
"Dorito Dust &gt; Salt &amp; Pepper (x-post r/Food)"
"I think this will change the way i look at food for the rest of my days"
"Every once in a while you see something that changes your entire life."
"The best use of Doritos. Soon to be used on everything!"
"Would you like a little Cool Ranch on that?"
"Blrhghghrhgrhg"
"Mr. Flamingo  are you drunk?"
"Krusty...the early years."
"How I feel on Reddit as a Conservative who doesn't like cats..."
"how I feel as soon as people find out I'm an art student."
"Where do I find these!?"
"I picked the best time to turn on the news."
"I wonder what his childhood was like.."
":O"
"Phil Spiderman"
"Oh  baby!"
"As a Jew  this is 120% true."
"This GIF goes along well with any song!"
"jackin it?"
"Talk about it  Chicken."
"Techno chicken"
"The Maturity Climb"
"Where are you?"
"True"
"Most r/atheismers"
"Superhero family."
"I'm so going to hell for laughing at this"
"The most bad ass crew you will ever fucking meet! Don't get on their bad side  these sons of bitches don't forgive!"
"Radical Larry --- The most badass little dude ever."
"In celebration of my 1st Reddit anniversary  I present to you my all-time favorite Reddit classic!"
"In celebration of my 1st Reddit anniversary  I present to you my all-time favorite Reddit classic!"
"In celebration of my 1st Reddit anniversary  I present to you my all-time favorite Reddit classic!"
"This creeps me out more than it should..."
"cat drinking"
"Now it is your turn."
"Just got a dollar bill to check. He's there."
"Churches like this make me smile"
"My sister recently got a cornea transplant. Here is a high-res image of the stitches in her eye."
"High-res image of stitches in an eye after a cornea transplant"
"always check your surroundings"
"Saw this on FB today."
"Saw this in my news feed"
"Oops"
"All Around the World . . ."
"Goddammit  Spongebob"
"Watch out for the drop"
"Suicide ring"
"Toilet Posters"
"Would you like to piss to this"
"COME ON  IT'S NOT THAT SMALL!"
"Bless You"
"I...I don't know what to say other than WTF"
"The definition of bowel movements (FIXD)"
"My new favorite GIF (NSFW?)"
"Would you like some tea?"
"Would you like some tea? (x-post with r/funny)"
"No time like the present  No place like the Drive-thru."
"Gandalfstyle."
"Like a boss"
"Gandalf Style"
"How I feel being with a girl that has &quot;been around&quot;"
"Science"
"For research... right."
"Cutie-Patooty"
"1 boat for 145 water-skiers"
"ERMAHGERD  PERMPKERN SPERCE!!!"
"Permpkern Sperce Lahtter"
"I want a cerp of cerfee!"
"Ermahgerd  Cerfee!"
"ERMAHGERD  STERBERKS!"
"At Starbucks"
"My campus Sterbucks."
"Ermahgerd  Sterberks."
"Ermahgerd  Sterberks!"
"ERMAHGERD!"
"ERMAHGERD! PERMKERN!"
"Saw this at a starbucks today  I LOL'd."
"Ermahgerd [fb]"
"This fucking kid pulls out a George Foreman grill during my lunch period in school and just starts making grilled cheese"
"IAMA black fellow who brings a George Foreman grill to lunch to make my grilled cheese."
"Release The Kraken!"
"Release the Kraken!"
"Release the Kraken"
"A random gif from my gif folder for my cakeday."
"Dont Ya Wish Your Girlfriend Was Hot Like This?"
"Every day when I wake up."
"How I feel waking up Monday mornings"
"Mondays. I hate Mondays."
"This happens every time when someone wakes me up"
"Those ears!"
"our preciousss!"
"Axe through Axe"
"No Fap September is over..."
"Socially Awkward Penguin in Action"
"Hey guys  did you know..."
"Did you know..."
"We get it!"
"Scenes of looting now spreading to Cornwall"
"Birds are assholes. [Fixed]"
"Seagull goes shopping"
"Baby Porcupine or Hedgehog?"
"ME?"
"Subway train"
"Just a gif of Mitt Romney with a small face..."
"Grammar."
"Back dat ass up"
"DAT ASS"
"So THAT'S where it's all coming from!"
"ZOMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Romney's October Surprise"
"I don't know what is going on here."
"Friend had a caption contest  he says I win."
"Romney face swap"
"Romney Out-farts School Children"
"how i feel when a post has too many words"
"When a teacher tries to tell a joke"
"As a Floridian how I see a category 1 hurricane and all the hype it gets."
"Everyone knows this person on Facebook"
"I see this too often- the worst kind of person on Facebook"
"This is how adult teeth sit in the child’s skull patiently waiting to come out."
"What children’s skulls look like as they prepare to lose their baby teeth"
"Human skull before adult teeth grew in"
"What I imagine people do when Reddit's down."
"How about Alice Cooper and Colonel Sanders?"
"What I imagine people who downvote me look like."
"What I feel like when I'm at my job alone"
"What I imagine the down voting reddit machine looks like"
"When my team starts to flame each other and im just watching the chat."
"Me and my girlfriend when my two friends (who just broke up and hate each other) unknowingly made plans to hang out with us on the same day"
"Oh  Windows - The irony hurts."
"Yo dawg  I heard you like updates"
"I too am moist"
"I saw someone posted google images flawless victory results. I present another"
"Oh Nicolas.."
"Just searching Imgur when!!!!"
"I see what you did there"
"I'm wet  baby..."
"So moist"
"Ohh so moist"
"This. I don't know what to say."
"So my sister got in engaged to her boyfriend of five years last night. When my mom told me  I sent hwr and my sister this."
"Man gets hit by train"
"This is how variety works."
"Spongebob  the creepy version."
"Da fuck am i? Da fuck are you? Da fuck is this?"
"Every time I try to make it to the front page..."
"Every time I try to reach the front page"
"It's my real life cake day."
"College Essentials?"
"He's In Seal Team 6 just for that look."
"Chubby Seal before Sneeze"
"How I imagine every gym membership photo looks..."
"Say Cheese"
"Jaws in Jersey"
"Sharks are swimming throughout the jersey city streets"
"Hurricane Sandy Street Shark"
"Krabby Patty  anyone?"
"I present to you: Spongebob Sparepants!"
"Oh No You Di'unt!"
"I don't stop eating when I'm full...."
"So I went to Famous Dave's for the first time..."
"Louis CK on eating"
"Periodic Table of Swearing"
"Periodic Table of Swearing"
"Remembering Jim Henson  You are missed!"
"What do you mean  I'm &quot;not a bear&quot;?"
"This is Unbearable!"
"Where them bitches at?"
"Being forgetful isnt always a good thing"
"Life is Funny"
"My room... I wish."
"One of these bananas looks a bit off..."
"Is it moving or is it not moving? I'm having trouble figuring it out"
"I'm not even sure what to say about this guy."
"Curved Monitor"
"Miracle In The Alcohol Aisle"
"A miracle in the liquor store."
"See  Miracles happen"
"Just stare at the black dot..."
"Pretty Cool if you do it right"
"Add a little colour to your life [gif]"
"How to deal with someone dissin your flygurl"
"Focus on the cross hairs."
"Beyonce's new music video"
"Mesmerizing"
"The secret to hapiness"
"Meet Isaiah Stokes  he plays football. He is 6-foot-7  225lb and he is in the 8th grade."
"Why my parents didn't let me play pee-wee football."
"20 Levitating Animals."
"APOD: 26 Sept - Endeavour on piggyback low over LA."
"&quot;Oh yeah I think he's a great player...&quot;"
"It's probably not worth complaining about."
"/b/ connects the dots"
"4chan Connects the Dots [xpost from r/4chan]"
"Bacon Sunrise"
"Meanwhile  on bomb patrol"
"I don't even..."
"DANGA ZOOOONE"
"America Fuck Yeah! (Probably been done already)"
"Upvote GAGNAM STYLE!!"
"It's finally my IRL cakeday"
"Fuck you"
"I thought you guys might enjoy my desktop background"
"Won't Catch Me Ridin' Dirty! Not really..."
"It's a mad mad mad mad world"
"When a girl my friend really likes tries to introduce herself"
"Just a ballpoint pen..."
"A tree grows around a wheel"
"Damn Airlines.."
"I call bullshit"
"A Valid Point on Airline Fees"
"If a 747 can carry the space shuttle"
"My thoughts precisely..."
"Luggage Fees"
"MFW my post gets a few upvotes  then destroyed with downvotes."
"Finally something outspoken Republicans and Democrats can enjoy together."
"Finally something Republicans and Democrats can enjoy together on Election Day."
"He was a dick anyway..."
"WHITE WHALE HOLY GRAIL"
"What happened to this woman?"
"I like my new costume."
"Not sure if gusta..."
"The exact amount of time it takes to lose faith in the new posts that are posted in r/funny"
"My brain: &quot; Well that was a fun weekend... oh yeah dude don't forget you have three major assessments due this week. This mental note is for two weeks ago  but I'm sure its fine.&quot;"
"kitteh kitteh kitteh kitteh"
"Surfing r/aww"
"What he really listens to"
"By far  my favourite Beatles picture"
"My face when I saw my post on the frontpage."
"How I feel when I ace a test I didn't study for whatsoever."
"LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE!!"
"when i have exact change for something"
"MFW waking up to see I broke the 1000 link karma barrier"
"How I felt submitting something to r/funny that people didn't hate for once."
"Such emotion!"
"my reaction when i log on and see i have a top rated comment."
"After FINALLY beating that boss/level I have been trying on for 3 days"
"when the first cup kicks in"
"I finally managed to quit smoking. Day 1  this is how i feel."
"Reddits back up!"
"As someone with no successful posts  this is how i feel with each upvote"
"About as shit as real got at the Olympics"
"About as real as shit got at the Olympics"
"Oppa Gotham Style"
"Gangnam Style"
"Storm"
"Meanwhile... in The Philippines"
"SLAP MOTHER FUCKER"
"Face slap in slow motion"
"Felt the need to share"
"[No Description]"
"Ready  aim  Fire!"
"Reindeer cannon!"
"The big guns"
"Weapon of Mass Destruction"
"a gentleman's weapon"
"Weapon of Mass Destruction."
"Me when I meet past me."
"As an American  these are my thoughts on every single candidate running for President."
"When browsing through 'new'"
"looool"
"Silly kitty  you're not a bunny!"
"When people post pictures of themselves breastfeeding to Facebook.."
"What The F*** Are You Doing?"
"When I see someone watching Twilight:The Movie"
"Every time I browse r/ggggg"
"By far my favourite gif."
"When someone hosts on anything but imgur"
"When I find someone going through my phone"
"This is Baby Girl."
"I intend to wake up smiling like a dog wearing a sombrero."
"Sandy Hits NyC"
"Things seem to be getting worse in lower Manhattan..."
"Great photo of Hurricane Sandy"
"Latest photo from NYC during Hurricane Sandy"
"That's more like it!"
"The wrath of Sandy unleashed!"
"Shit is off the hook in NY"
"All hell breaking loose in New York due to Sandy."
"Shit just got real."
"What is really going to happen on the East coast."
"Breaking News! Photo just taken at lower Manhattan."
"Hurricane Sandy really taking a toll up north"
"The end of all storms"
"This storm looks familiar... [FIXED]"
"World Leaders  by David Icke."
"NY in a few hours"
"Okay  so here's an update of NYC  non-photoshopped"
"How I imagine NYC tonight"
"Sh-- just got real in NY"
"This is an amazing shot of New York today with the Frankenstorm bearing down. Nature is so powerful  yet so beautiful."
"Things are not looking good in NYC..."
"Hurricane sandy in NYC....Seems legit."
"Sandy is not alone."
"Sandy VS. NYC- I know  at first I was skeptical too. That statue with the arm up seems shopped..."
"Right now in New York..."
"God damn the east coast is going ham!"
"That's a rough storm."
"Up to date photo footage of Sandy"
"Breaking News from New York"
"To everyone saying Sandy isn't so bad. This was taken in New York City 20 minutes ago."
"Live photo update from Hurricane Sandy"
"Frankenstorm"
"Frankenstorm Wreaks Havoc on NYC"
"Hurricane is looking pretty serious right now"
"Sandy is looking pretty serious right now"
"wtf!? First the hurricane and now this!!"
"Hurricane Sandy Causes Mass Hysteria in NYC"
"Think this might be shopped (xpost /r/funny)"
"The current state of New York"
"Its definitely worth the extra cost to get these guys to do your removals!"
"Find a better dressed up dog. You can't."
"The humans are dead (affirmative  I poked one  it was dead)"
"Obama riding a lion  wielding a crossbow and lightsaber. Or: The best damn political fanart ever"
"Just the president riding a lion while wielding a lightsaber and crossbow"
"Just the president riding a lion while wielding a crossbow and lightsaber"
"It's hard to argue with Change."
"Obama Riding a Mighty Lion Wielding a Crossbow &amp; Light Saber"
"President Obama has never been so badass"
"Hilarious clip from I Don't Know How She Does It starring Sarah Jessica Parker"
"Never give up..."
"a horse playing with a yoga ball"
"When I would show off a new toy to a girl I liked when I was little..."
"You can tell by the way I use my walk  I’m a woman’s man  no time to talk"
"You can tell by the way I use my walk... Gif [FIXED]"
"kitty creep"
"Myths Kitty"
"hrhrhrhr"
"Dance kitten"
"Did you know?"
"50 Pictures of Emma Watson"
"This is the coolest night-lamp I've ever seen."
"Sweetest Night-Light Ever! (x-post from /r/pics) (PIC ONLY)"
"shi shi shi shi shi shi shi shi shi shi..."
"The Chinese language is a trip sometimes."
"4  3  2  1.."
"Felix went Leeroy on us."
"FLYYYYYYYYYYYY fly away!!"
"NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!"
"Rocket Man?"
"AMEN!"
"Step back from that ledge"
"when i decide to tell the person i love how i feel"
"Free Fallin'"
"So I stumbled across r/SpaceDicks..."
"Saw the idea earlier this week and decided to give it a try"
"Saw this earlier this week and decided to try it(x-post from r/pics)"
"Jesus annoys"
"It's old  but it never fails to make me laugh"
"Not even close..."
"PARKOUR!"
"A Little Miscalculation"
"Whenever my girlfriend tells me she's on her period"
"Whenever I try to hit on someone attractive"
"I AM...THE ONE!!!"
"No one's ever made their first jump."
"The Felix Baumgartner of the cat world."
"cat jumping fail"
"Tricking your parents... (FB)"
"Being at a [8] while everyone else is sober"
"Its a bird! Its a plane! Oh  wait...."
"Show me your stuff  magic kids"
"For the sake of humanity  let's hope this is a joke..."
"Saw this on my news feed."
"Japan Superior"
"No photo has ever fucked with my head as much as this. I can just not see this as being one dog."
"&quot;Come on Frank we can't be late&quot;"
"&quot;Come on Frank we can't be late&quot;"
"If I had a dog this woud definitely be it's costume this Halloween."
"It's like Halloween  but cuter."
"Best costume ever!"
"Not sure if its a repost because I didn't know what search terms to use."
"I heard you all like reposts  so I reposted my repost from last night."
"Honestly  I wish I was as well prepared for Halloween as these guys!"
"Slightly weird pics"
"are you brave enough to wear this on Halloween?!"
"Well  hadn't thought of it that way."
"Mother Nature  you're so silly!"
"How I feel after my last comment on Reddit"
"After realizing how much time I've spent on Reddit this week end"
"My submission was removed because I didn't read the rules  but not before I received 200 upvotes"
"I asked a girl out and she said no!"
"My reaction when I found out today is my first cake day on reddit."
"missed my cakeday while on vacation?"
"Two years on Reddit and"
"Cakeday on NYE"
"No regrets there  chicken?"
"Photobomb level: heifer"
"What I hate about Fall."
"Its hard not to put the punchline in the title..."
"And you thought your mouse was bad..."
"When my phone dies from too much Reddit and I am nowhere near a computer."
"How I felt while Reddit was down."
"How I felt all day at work while Reddit was down."
"Whenever I'm lazy and someone asks me to do something"
"Do this to avoid washing dishes"
"Eating like a bachelor"
"when I see someone driving the same car as me."
"When my girlfriend asked if my parents are coming back late"
"When I blatantly repost a .gif for the 9 000 000th time under a slightly different title  and I make it to the front page..."
"my reaction whenever this gif is reposted"
"My brother came to visit me over the weekend. He asked me if I wanted him to bring the N64."
"MFW I walk past a mirror and see that my facial hair has passed the &quot;lazy&quot; and into &quot;grizzled&quot; territory"
"The appropriate response when asked to go to happy hour."
"When I repost a repost of a repost i saw 13 hours ago"
"My face when I'm one of the few people at school who can grow facial hair."
"Right before giving an upvote in /r/gonewild"
"This is what I feel like  when I Win At work"
"getting 70 upvotes on first post"
"When I See An Original Post [FIXED]"
"MFW I found out Matt Smith (11th Doctor) is an atheist."
"Zynga's original ideas never cease to amaze me"
"Isn't this just Scrabble?"
"Someone made Words With Friends into a boardgame!(FIXED)"
"Here's an on-set shot of Carrie Fisher in her iconic &quot;bikini Leia&quot; mode  along with her stunt double  catching some rays during the filming of Return of the Jedi."
"So I found this. C'mon Denver"
"I often felt this way as a child."
"Typed in &quot;masturbating spiderman&quot; on google.. Was not disappointed"
"What Spiderman actually sits there doing."
"Whoa   Police brutality just took it to A-whole-Natha-level"
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
"To protect and serve"
"STOP RESISTING! (sorry if repost)"
"Resisting Arrest"
"Remember  remember  the 5th of November."
"Remember  Remember  the fifth of November"
"In honor of today  the 5th of November"
"He is gonna regret this."
"When I think about it  I get all soul-searchy and weird..."
"Sky Lantern Festival  Taiwan"
"Childhood traumatized."
"DON'T MESS WITH THE STATUE!!!"
"I have always wanted to do this"
"&quot;Sometimes you just have to let gravity take the win.&quot;"
"She meant college courses..."
"Rule #1."
"Spiderman in the Ghetto"
"dammit  stop calling me out!"
"Positive!"
"Tried the Facebook edit thing. Even if they know what's coming  it still ends up okay."
"I miss Saddam Hussein. [FB]"
"Never hand your enemy a weapon"
"Inbox me ASAP if..."
"Why are you always in such a bad mood?"
"Why are you always in such a bad mood?"
"This just showed up on my news feed."
"Was on Facebook and saw this....No."
"It happened again..."
"So true"
"Rooster cat is not amused"
"My favorite picture so far"
"Sparkly Vampires"
"Srsly Guise"
"Srsly Guise."
"Smile and you lose...Go!"
"The Ostrich Pillow  for all you sleepy forever aloner's out there..."
"Ostrich pillow allows you to take power naps almost anywhere!!"
"Damnit"
"No offense  but this one made me laugh big time"
"black monopoly."
"Hobbes and BACON (more strips in comments)"
"Whenever my friends crush walks into the room."
"When I shit my pants talking to you [x-post from r/shittyreactiongifs]"
"The Male Inner Monologue"
"The Male Inner Monologue [Fixed]"
"You can't spell amusement without..."
"My reaction when reddit is down"
"When I found out we had to move the clocks forward an hour"
"My post stalled at 5 up votes again..."
"How I felt after my calculus exam today..."
"Everytime Call Me Maybe comes on"
"When the girl of your dreams starts dating a guy and puts on facebook a picture of her boyfriend and her kissing"
"How I feel when the TV series i'm watching comes to an end"
"My reaction when Dignitas got stomped by TSM."
"Want to see a baby panda push a dog in a stroller?"
"A group of Redditers!"
"Not a single fuck was given that day."
"He was just taking advantage of the free refills"
"I dream of doing this"
"Drinkin Soda...."
"Da fuq?!"
"So I entered the wrong Imgur link..."
"So I entered the wrong Imgur link..."
"For my first post. I present you this"
"Seth Rogan on Romney's Campaign Slogan"
"Awkward moments"
"As Hurricane Sandy is hitting the East Coast  this is going on one town over from me..."
"Long Island clearly knows how to handle a hurricane"
"Hurricane Sandy: Kayaker  scuba-diver  cyclist  and beer drinker all on the news together in a flooded street"
"When I close instead of maximize my browser and lose all my tabs."
"My face browsing r/new"
"When I accidentally download 10 albums worth of .wma music files"
"The moment when I looked for the downvote button on a Google image search result"
"A Classes Response to Tests being handed back"
"I've been shitting in your yard"
"What's the score?"
"Cat Pong."
"meow meow meow meow"
"Cats pinging the pong..."
"Got the front page of a small subreddit today....this is how it felt."
"Don Lemon is doing an AMA tomorrow. This is how i feel right now."
"Sesame Street teaches kids to be enablers"
"How i feel when my post gets its first upvote"
"When I discovered r/freebies..."
"I laughed way too hard at this."
"Probably my all time favorite gif."
"I have no idea what to say for this"
"My reaction when my very first Reddit post got more upvotes than downvotes"
"When I discovered that there is an r/OliviaWilde"
"An old piano that's been converted into a water fountain."
"haha"
"Sums up Reddit nicely..."
"The Internet."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"I'm pretty sure this happens to all of us Redditors."
"Every Redditor"
"Don't know if this is a repost  but this kind of friendship always hits me right in the feels."
"loved the animated show this made me laugh"
"Bat-derp."
"This just makes me happy"
"15 seconds could save you..."
"How I leave all my textbooks"
"So I left my computer open at home when I went out for the day"
"My reaction when my mom used to tell me that chicken and dumplins were for dinner."
"When ever I'm told I'm the 100 000 000 visitor"
"I have no idea what's going on here."
"Can someone tell what the hell is going on?.."
"moon butts and kittys!"
"first gif I saw  when I browsed 4chan"
"Give it your best shot  Dad!"
"Skateboarding is tricky."
"both &quot;Female skating&quot; pictures are fake. here is the original video (gif)"
"Pretty spry for a wide guy"
"Me attempting frontpage."
"My favorite .gif"
"Meanwhile  in Vietnam..."
"Tree swallows sign"
"Tree swallowing a sign [PIC]"
"We all love sports..."
"I really hope this is true."
"Bounty Hunter"
"When I fail a test that I knew I was going to fail in the first place"
"I wish I could get up and do this in my Algebra class"
"What religion will r/atheism go after next?"
"How I feel as an Australian reading about people complaining about their weather"
"i dont give a fuck"
"The typical mental state of Singed players"
"When I'm single and people complain to me about their relationships"
"All of these &quot;Just walking my ___&quot; posts"
"DiGiorNOOOOOoooooo!!!"
"A friend looked out his window and saw this."
"my friend saw this out his window. he sent it to me. i said WTF. (i did post this to AWW as well) i dont really know where it goes."
"A squirrel eating pizza in a tree.. (x-post from r/squirrels)"
"Squirrels eating pizza  what more could you ask for?"
"Here are 31 pictures of Squirrels eating pizza"
"Terrifying Koala Man is Terrifying"
"So...this came up on my Facebook feed"
"Not sure how I feel about this."
"It's a little early but I found my costume for halloween next year."
"Both were thirsty."
"They were thirsty [xpost from r/creepy]"
"Learn to play guitar"
"Vader - Like A Boss"
"Basking in butterflies"
"Butterflies"
"When Reddit or Imgur is under heavy load....."
"This will make you a vegetarian for life.... McDonalds Chicken."
"This is what McDonalds Chicken McNuggets look like before they are cooked. WTF?"
"I have a unique way of enjoying my icecream..."
"I'll just have two intestines of the strawberry thanks."
"Size of a Great White with perspective to Humans [PIC]"
"War and Music"
"Like I Give a Fuck"
"Like I give a fuck!"
"had to be done"
"When I downvote new posts to 0"
"When I make a sarcastic comment on Reddit"
"White knighting personified."
"Every time I watch the ending of &quot;Lord of the Rings: Return of the King&quot;"
"Reflection"
"Radcats"
"Geeheee Kitties."
"AWW"
"How I felt around my redditor friends when I made the front page on my first post."
"Telling non-redditors I made it to the front page."
"When one of my comments gets 7 karma"
"After gaining 100 comment karma"
"The 5 Year Old Soccer Troll"
"Dachshund DJ [Crosspost from r/gifs]"
"The best gif ever"
"Like a record  baby."
"Hunting(xpost)"
"SRS is gonna get ya!"
"This desperate need for &quot;likes&quot; and notifications on Facebook has gone TOO far."
"Ok facebook  this shit really needs to stop."
"The wonders of facebook"
"Actually Popped Up On My News Feed. Where Does This End Facebook?"
"These &quot;like and share if-&quot; photos are going too far."
"Really fb? Really?"
"These have gone a little too far..."
"Ditto Conga"
"Me after I realize I'm reading a post about religion or politics"
"After browsing r/christianity"
"When Im late for a class"
"When you see your ex at a party"
"Another OP taking credit for a repost?"
"Whenever I see my ex at a party."
"at my friends house when his mom walks in on our sesh"
"Browsing r/all  and came across r/niggers. As a half black redditor..."
"What I do when I see my ex at a party"
"It's Only Purpose Is To Hold Itself Up"
"Cute pink nose"
"What a fluffy little fella"
"Kitty Poses For a Picture"
"I was tired of airplanes  narwhals  and Tyrion Lannister  so I made a new upvote .gif. Enjoy!"
"This is what I feel like all the mars rover posts are like."
"If I fits  I sits."
"Boy  that sure escalated quickly."
"One of nature's most beautiful moments."
"Meanwhile  in an alternate universe..."
"Oh ya. you paint that Bob Ross"
"Ah yes... Happy birthday  Bob Ross. May you rest in peace."
"In honor of Bob Ross's birthday"
"Tom Brady has a potty mouth. [FIXED]"
"Vacuum Pizzas"
"Tom Brady doesn't like the Bills"
"&quot;Find the breadsticks&quot;"
"Fuck You Biscuits"
"How I feel at 23 when people tell me I'm too old to still be in college..."
"Fuck you  princess"
"Unconventional USB drives.."
"Octopus: 1 Seagull: 0"
"Red Bull Gives you wings."
"Octopus grabs Seagull from water and eats it."
"Can you remove the motorbike? (4chan)"
"You might appreciate this .gif"
"black and white earth. from space."
"How I feel when someone's GIF doesn't match their post title."
"Space [x-post from r/funny]"
"Hovergirl and her sidekick  LSD Cat"
"Works with literally every fast dubstep song"
"Steve McCurry's stunning photo of a 9/11 rescue worker"
"Steve McCurry's stunning photo of a 9/11 rescue worker [887×1350]"
"Never forget. (not my photo)"
"Let my people GO!!"
"first world cat problems"
"I must protect my people"
"I must protect my people"
"Wait for it..."
"This police report seems accurate."
"Assailant Slips and Falls"
"Everytime I read stories like this it bring a smile to my face. OOOOHHHH RAAAAHHH DEVIL DOGS!!!"
"She takes the whole thing!"
"Meanwhile in Scotland.."
"Keep your hands to yourself"
"My friend just posted this picture of him and his girlfriend on FB"
"So this happened in a nightclub I was in last night."
"I have no words."
"I wish working was really like this."
"Reddit's Headquarters"
"Reddit's Headquarters"
"Reddit tech support"
"r/aww's office"
"Reddit's call center"
"Cat tech Support"
"Reddit's front office"
"Meanwhile at the reddit headquarters..."
"Meanwhile inside reddit IT"
"Pissed off cat."
"My literal reaction when ex told me the guy she hooked up with &quot;meant nothing&quot;"
"I'm with my buddy at the mall and he runs into his ex and burns her so hard right to her face"
"Cheese!!!!"
"Raise you a Freddy Mercury CD Collection (Artist Behance)."
"Maybe one day this will be our view from the moon? [FIXED]"
"Mr. Feeny"
"The True Story About 'Boy Meets World'"
"I'll just get in the picture for th-WHOA SHIIIT!!"
"How to end a trick"
"Mind blowing Statue of Liberty pic. Because of the dimensions  more than half of the men in this photo are just part of the flame."
"Just left my last final"
"Walking out of my last final"
"I knew he was real."
"My friend spotted Colonel Sanders in RL at KFC"
"Every time I go to KFC I see this guy..."
"Poor Mr. Hedgehog"
"A note by Dr. Hedgeh"
"Poor guy-og."
"throwing down."
"Just passed 10 000 link karma"
"How I'll feel when all these fucking kids go back to school and get the fuck off Reddit."
"Hey Sexy Lady"
"Obama on a Corgi"
"Excellent news  oh great wizard of Oz! I found a heart all by myself"
"Have a heart? [NSFW]"
"Today I was at the mall blasting music..."
"Mega-Stuf Oreos"
"Suddenly you realize that you've always wanted to do this."
"Baby sees fireworks for the first time."
"When I get close to a bug to inspect it  and it flies away"
"The first time I uploaded a picture to reddit and got 1000+ upvotes"
"My reaction to peeing after sex...."
"Watching my first post get a lot of karma."
"Under kitteh."
"Dwight Schrute"
"Just a Jesus candle"
"Just a Jesus Candle"
"So these are being sold in LA right now..."
"War stories"
"He has seen some war time."
"Nom"
"Hey look  that snake has got something...NOPE!"
"Snakes head covered with ticks"
"Snake's head covered with ticks"
"It's-a-me! (nsfw)"
"Steven Tyler  haha."
"Famous musicians yearbook photos"
"Priorities in life"
"When ever i try to study."
"When my teacher gives an exam with an average of less than 50 percent"
"made me laugh so hard  had to post it."
"Alien -_-"
"Come... let us go dancing."
"How I imagine every male redditor"
"I was a homeless person before it was cool"
"TIL: How Lewis CK feels about the ladies. - Imgur"
"Wasps"
"It is a Motherfucking Wasp"
"Ferris Bueller inspired street art in Raleigh  NC"
"Every time i see double doors....this happens"
"Snowball crushes kid [gif]"
"How I feel downvoting somebody with 1 karma."
"This is what nightmares are made of."
"You guys must be SO jealous!"
"Ever have this happen to you?"
"AAAHGHLFGH HELP!"
"I think I'm in love...."
"UnDead"
"Baby Giraffe! [FIXED]"
"Are you my mommy?"
"Baby Giraffe. That is all."
":3"
"Judgemental giraffe?"
"Make yourself at home"
"Just been reading a lot of sad stuff on reddit today...this is how I feel. Try not to judge  I know its overdone."
"When Colbert &amp; Stewart go on Vacation"
"Interview for a job last week  and I saw they re-posted the position on Craigslist today. I think it is safe to say I didn't get the job."
"My reaction to missing my Cake Day yesterday"
"When I come to the realization that my comment will die in second place..."
"How it feels flying standby"
"When my cakeday has come and I realize that I haven't found anything to post"
"Watching Olympics gymnastics..."
"Made it to the 3rd day of No Fap September. This is how I feel right now..."
"Rock the **** out of those drums  Dale!"
"HIFW a bee lands on me"
"How I feel being stuck in the friendzone"
"My friend won $42 000 on a radio show this morning  I bet this is how he feels..."
"Felix after the jump"
"Unamused cat is unamused"
"Patrick Starfish IRL"
"Wtf Patrick..."
"The World's narrowest house"
"The World Narrowest House [618x438] (xpost r/Architecture)"
"Finally a car sticker which I like."
"A bumper sticker for the physics enthusiast..."
"As I felt I had to vomit anyway  I decided to do it with some style!"
"Umm .....when_you_see it........maybe? Wtf?"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus!"
"soon indeed..."
"SOON!"
"It's going to be hot in Baltimore today."
"It's going to be hot in Baltimore today"
"Just when you thought Baltimore couldn't get any worse."
"As if Baltimore couldn't get any worse."
"Scissors beat Paper"
"Poss in Boots in real life"
"TERRIBLE QUALITY BUT AWWWWWWWWWW"
"I can't stop awwing"
"This was here yesterday"
"This kitten's full of awwww"
"D'awwww"
"Terrible quality  but awwwww"
"Today I Learned"
"Interesting fact..."
"The bride makes his entrance."
"Trick-or-treating in Afrika"
"Me after beating halo 4 (minor spoilers)"
"eat of our flesh  drink of our blood"
"Is that edible?"
"A Gamer's Mentality"
"How I feel when I drive."
"Isaac cannot bring us down!!! (xpost from r/pics)"
"Isaac can not bring us down"
"That poor woman!"
"That poor woman!"
"How I feel Now that the Steam Holiday Sale is Over"
"MFW I walk in the door of the Youth Group Home I work at. 8/9 kids are Autistic and ADHD."
"Being a sewer worker in Caracas sucks"
"My answer every time my Spanish professor asks a question in Spanish"
"Heard you like Nutella.."
"I am so glad this escalator is currently stairs."
"So....this happened in Kuwait a few days ago."
"Yeah  on second thought  I'd rather watch you shoe shop  dear."
"So that's what would happen if a shark tank broke."
"Meanwhile  in Florida..."
"yeah  I'm just gunna.. take the stairs"
"I think I'll skip the subway today..."
"YouTube Super Edit"
"After browsing /new"
"Whenever I have a toothache."
"Damn rick..."
"Go home Rick  you're drunk"
"What are you gonna do about it!?"
"Googled wasn't disappointed  was kind of disappointed."
"When you see it."
"i used to have a dog here somewere.."
"I must go  my people need me."
"Take me to your leader!"
"At dawn  we ride!"
"I AM ULTRALORD!"
"Engineering has ruined Star Wars for me"
"How I feel as a Floridian reading everyone else complain about how their summer is too hot."
"When I submit OC to r/funny..."
"How I feel whenever I submit OC to r/funny"
"What I imagine is happening to the weather reporters in the storm."
"How Sandy feels about reporters"
"I think the picture speaks for itself."
"Only in Alabama"
"he got caught..."
"Worth every damn second."
"This is my punishment."
"I google &quot;where is reddit&quot;"
"So This Is What Happens In The Girls Bathroom"
"GOODNIGHT!"
"How I feel after being called ugly or insulted for the hundredth time via other subreddits.....TwoXC is my sanctuary!"
"THIS DOG IS FUCKING AWESOME!!!"
"How I picture Gabe Newell when he reads through every email."
"Monday"
"Glitch in the Matrix"
"Float Like A Butterfly"
"Just shows how great Muhammad Ali really was"
"Knowing your opponent"
"Muhammad Ali dodging 5 punches in a row - slow motion."
"Difficulty level: Asian"
"Fat vs. Skinny [x-post from r/keto]"
"Body scans of women at 250 and 120 pounds"
"When i study all night for a test  then i finish taking the test..."
"The first annoying facebook-picture that actually made me smile"
"Instant Panic"
"N O P E !"
"Basically every conspiracy theorist I've ever spoken to"
"I was installing software for students at work when I noticed something odd..."
"Fair warning"
"I see your Uncirculated vs circulated cash and raise you $205 MILLION in Cash"
"I can never remember names. This is my new excuse."
"Words of Wisdom by Ron Swanson - Not highly recommended for your significant other  though."
"Wow..."
"No longer alone."
"Not anymore"
"Me when someone tells me they have diabetes."
"You dickfish"
"The Dick Fish [I stole this from r/funny]"
"I can't decide if this makes me want fish sticks  or hate fish sticks..."
"A Baby Bunny"
"Samsung - It doesn't take a genius"
"Jumpolines just are not as fun"
"Burn."
"Trampolines.."
"trampolines"
"Invisible nunchucks"
"Wee Woo"
"Patrick plays Slender"
"Patrick meets slender..."
"Mind. Blown."
"How Did I Not See This Before!?!"
"The kids from the Magic School Bus are all grown up....and still kickin ass"
"This is honestly how i felt about the most recent star wars movies."
"Dammit Goat  you're drunk. [gif]"
"Saw this .gif on the front page while watching tv"
"How I feel when I get to the surface after exploring a cave system."
"Me at a [10]"
"How I feel upon waking up for a morning exam..."
"After sleeping in for the first time since pulling that all-nighter at the New Years party..."
"How I feel writing the date after classes start again."
"How I feel after browsing Reddit for two months [fixed]"
"When the wife wakes me up for work when I've overslept..."
"Turned on NPR to a Conversation with Jack Black and his role in School of Rock."
"Finished watching LOTR trilogy [Fixed]."
"Finished watching LOTR trilogy (FIXED)"
"My girlfriend every time she is able to go outside after having our child"
"How I feel waking up one hour after E3 coverage began"
"How I feel after just having gotten through airport security with tweezers  8 oz. sunscreen  a razor  and a tennis racquet in my carry-on..."
"Every time my church starts talking about witchcraft and demon possessions"
"Whenever church starts talking about witchcraft and demon possessing"
"This weekend I bought lemonade from a stand for a quarter and watched a wheelbarrow race..."
"So Reddit just went down for a few hours..."
"How I feel having my internet back after it was down for the past three days."
"hurry while supplies last"
"My friend just got accepted into Harvard! Here's the letter:"
"Spongebob is starting to get really fucked up..."
"Spongebob gave me nightmares"
"Probably the biggest WTF moment on Spongebob.."
"Fuck your mind"
"Derp Cat Stuck Between Couch Cushions"
"100% organic cotton candy"
"I'm laughing so hard"
"After I read the book of Mormon"
"How i felt when I found out that my ex-wifes sudden rebound relationship went down the shitter."
"Fuck it I'm in for no fap September"
"My face when people say they're not going to fap for a whole month."
"LONG YELLOW THINGS... or  ya know  bananas. Bananas would work there too."
"Redditor disrupts military convoy  creates throwaway to reap karma 23 years later"
"Does anybody ever think that maybe this guy was just super drunk?"
"Painting made from light  wish I was this talented."
"The Shadow Art of Rashad Alakbarov"
"One fewer god than you."
"&quot;I contend that we are both atheists...&quot;"
"We are all atheists."
"Worlds best engine"
"An Amazing Baby Elephant"
"Tiny elephant."
"NOT THE FATHER"
"Zombie Apocalypse"
"Zombie Nation"
"Abandoned Sea Forts"
"Punt return for TD [rage gif]"
"Trollball"
"this is football!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"This kid shit himself."
"Halloween isn't fun for all"
"I Gonna Fuck with you Nigga"
"I feel sorry for that poor kid"
"Teabag!"
"Let me hear your war cry! [Creepy.]"
"Sorry  Africa"
"Cat Pilot"
"lik dis if u cry evertim"
"I cry everytime"
"Lyk dis if u cry evry time"
"Mondays sitting in class."
"I've Tried So Hard To Post A Good Link. Fuck It I'm Out"
"How I feel after telling a joke that no one gets."
"My daydreams during business meetings are morbidly similar"
"How i feel after job hunting with no luck"
"When it's late and I'm on r/funny/new"
"This is what I feel like doing every time someone makes a new  terrible meme."
"Whenever one of my fundie family members says that  &quot;Science proves the Bible.&quot;"
"Mom wanted me to join her 50 shades of grey Discussion group"
"TIL &quot;Teen Mom&quot; was in my town."
"What people do when I submit a link to Reddit."
"How I Feel About Mondays"
"When I get 3 replys in 30 seconds on a youtube comment I made about creationism."
"Fuck you gravity i am a ho....please call an ambulance"
"Sarah Jessica Parkour"
"I am so bringing these into work on Wednesday..."
"When I See An Original Post...."
"Sunny nature"
"ah..the greens."
"Get off my lawn"
"I think he's lost"
"Polar bear in purple field"
"Pfffffffff.....pbbbbbbffffffffffff..."
"The average week"
"So majestic"
"An old favorite."
"People Change..."
"No diving!"
"Science Vs Religion"
"↓ ↘ → + HP HADOKEN!!"
"Get over it"
"Gay pride win"
"But I can't. More Magneto and Gandalf!!!"
"In the event of a water landing"
"Infinite Loop"
"When I think I've finally broken free from Reddit"
"Sisyphus Cat [gif]"
"Remeber that all WTF posts do not have to include a penis  /R/WTF"
"This picture never fails to make me laugh. Stumbled upon it again today."
"Its just one of those days"
"Cave Johnson's Steam update just hit my pc.."
"Women jut don't understand!!"
"Nice ass .."
"It's official. This is the coolest guy I've ever seen."
"Like a boss"
"Meth. Not even once."
"Faces of meth."
"Getting ready for my last exam after an all-nighter"
"Monday Mornings"
"Monday Mornings"
"Every Monday morning"
"I used to have one of these magnificent fish in my saltwater tank  behold  the mandarin dragonet"
"I see your Mandarin Duck and raise you the Mandarin Dragonet."
"I think I'd be fine with this guy attacking my city."
"Calc Prof told me I'd fail if I didn't show up to class more... aced the midterm"
"When people tell me I eat too much"
"ladies please form a line"
"Is this one of the best jobs in the world? Looks amazing."
"Ermahgerd!!!"
"This is my favorite Ermagerd"
"He's everywhere"
"Bringing Gum To School."
"My favourite gif."
"How I see the Karma Train."
"Whenever I open a bag of chips at school."
"r/Gaming and Steam code giveaways"
"Colin is sexy and he knows it."
"How I feel after my last class on Fridays"
"Go Onnnn..."
"Me trying to find a good Gif for my Cake day post"
"How I feel after losing 74lb (or 33.5kg or 5st 4lb) "
"Simba????"
"Cat got your tongue? Time for revenge.."
"Is that a yes?"
"Is that a yes? (x-post from r/funny)"
"The latest superhero on the block"
"did you say....CHOCOLATE??"
"Translation: &quot;I hope so Bubble Boy&quot;"
"When someone posts a pointless gif to facebook or twitter"
"Every time i try to watch Carrotop"
"When someone yells &quot;Cops!&quot; trying to freak everyone out and thinks it's funny..."
"How I feel browsing /r/funny/new/"
"Browsing new in r/funny"
"As seen by..."
"Oh  So True"
"How Europe sees America and how America sees Europe"
"I searched up &quot;'MERICA&quot; on Google  was not dissapointed"
"I see how Americans view Canada and raise you how Americas see Europe  and vice versa."
"4 owl babies"
"Owl head dancing."
"Oh No You Di'unt! [FIXED]"
"Muted Rap Battle;"
"Owl Party"
"Funky Owls"
"Albert Interviewed for LIFE"
"Einstein and his therapist."
"Einstein and his therapist--comforting to know that one of the most intelligent people who ever lived dealt with the same issues as the rest of us."
"An RAF Pilot getting a haircut during a break between missions  England  1942"
"A pilot at Fairlop airfield in Essex has a haircut during a break between sweeps  November 1942."
"The Morgan Freeman Chain of Command [photo]"
"Always respect the chain of command"
"Morgan Freeman Chain of Command"
"Here is a funny graphic I found about Morgan Freeman's place in society."
"Lightning Porn"
"Still my favorite GIF. This is how I learned history."
"how is this so amusing"
"If World War II had a game chat. [GIF]"
"Still the greatest gif of all time."
"ITAP of Fireworks and refocused quickly during an explosion"
"Long exposure fireworks with refocusing (xpost from r/ITookAPicture) [686x1024]"
"Poor Shuttlecock."
"One of the best pictures out there I'd say"
"'Murica and their achievements."
"ASTROSLOTH"
"My friend just made this his profile picture..."
"He wished for his dad to come home"
"They need a hero."
"Trapped Under the Antarctic Ice"
"Stunning Sunken Boat in Antarctica"
"Big cat... little tree."
"Slenda Mon"
":&gt;"
"Feels good  man."
"Heaven."
"And the smiled creeped bigger and bigger.."
"I imagine this is how it feels to hit the front page"
"I shouldn't be wearing rainboots..."
"Pig in Boots"
"Teacup pig wearing gumboots"
"Piglet in boots"
"Piglet in rainboots"
"Just a pig... in boots!"
"No  I do not think that this will be a successful post."
"Meanwhile  In Slovakia"
"All you need is a dude standing on it with a grappling hook!"
"Meanwhile in Slovakia"
"Meanwhile in Slovakia"
"Found this on my fb feed and popped a karma boner."
"This cat is NOT pleased"
"D: STAHP"
"HUMAN STAHP! x-post from aww"
"Pretty much a badass"
"Daniel Botelho captures pictures of Great White Shark in uncaged dive."
"He said WHAT?!"
"How if feels having two of my posts on the front page at once."
"At least I think its safe for work..."
"Your joke was really not funny... wait for it."
"How I feel when browsing Reddit"
"Every time I try to insult someone."
"Example A of how not to do it."
"When good content turns out to be a repost"
"Complaining about a comments use of grammar and missing an apostrophe."
"Right in the kisser"
"YES GREENBA...oh"
"What gif do you never get tired of watching? Here's my favorite."
"Whenevar you posst with spelling errars..."
"Upvote Denied!"
"pow right in the kisser"
"Enhance!"
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its best."
"CSI is eerily good at solving cases."
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its finest."
"My reaction to the Phantom Menace 3D trailer."
"The doctors faces after the delivery of Snooki's baby"
"Whenever parents buy healthy alternatives to meals"
"Catwoman is on her Period"
"Joker and batman"
"How I feel when I see a bad pun thread on Reddit."
"When looking through most of /new"
"Every time I hear someone say &quot;YOLO&quot;."
"When the valedictorian at my little brothers grad ended the speech with &quot;YOLO&quot;."
"When a smelly person sits next to me on the bus"
"How I feel when an ugly girl is staring at me from across the club"
"When a [FB] page you 'liked' years ago shows up on your wall"
"It's a conspiracy"
"Jason W. Barnham  on trial for allegedly shooting a police officer [611x418](x-post r/wtf)"
"Jason W. Barnham  on trial for allegedly shooting a police officer [1200x820]"
"I hate face tattoos but I think these  by far  are the worst."
"How can someone do this to themselves?"
"The black knight rises"
"The black knight"
"The Black Night Rises (background version)[1366 x 768]"
"The Black Knight Rises"
"An unreal  beautiful ass"
"Am I the only one who was constantly thinking Stephen = Uncle Ruckus?"
"Such Great Heights"
"come back to see this little beauty on my laptop..."
"TED saxing the night away (fixed)"
"Remember the three wolves shirt? This is even better."
"NSFL"
"Silkshake"
"Give your friend a delicious spider milkshake!"
"When fat people attack"
"E Honda IRL"
"I've gained a few pounds"
"Every day is Tuesday for Harry..."
"Christian Bale Feeding A Taco To Harry Potter Wearing A Sombrero"
"Alright Harry here is your damn taco"
"Found this buried in my computer  no idea why"
"Justin Bateman throws a taco into Mexican Harry Potter's mouth."
"Best answer ever from a student when asked what sexual bullying is."
"POW! Box punch! (sfw)"
"Make it stop."
"Nailed it."
"for u trolls"
"It was only apple juice officer  I swear."
"Several mice have broken off from the main group. Come with me!"
"Charge!!!"
"Japan's idea of pillows"
"Its the next best thing!"
"Forever alone pillow"
"Oh Japan  you never disappoint..."
"The second cutest alcoholic ever"
"Why God Hates Religion"
"Only Atheists Go To Heaven"
"Athiest In Heaven (Probably a Re-Post)"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Ringo"
"How I Feel After Making The Frontpage"
"Awesome Mural on the Side of a Building"
"My Wife's Reaction when I come home late!"
"How I feel about seeing an influx of repeated posts in the last month"
"My reaction when my boss asks me to do something 5 minutes before I'm supposed to leave."
"Anger!"
"My Reaction To My Post Getting Downvoted Almost Instantly"
"When people start wrecking my karma with their evil down votes..."
"When someone makes it to the front page with my post"
"All I can do when someone successfully counters my argument"
"Do I hears somethings?"
"My favorite GIF"
"There is a black cat in a white cat."
"I really  really had to do this."
"Cat with a cat pattern."
"not sure if this has been here before  but my friend posted this picture on facebook. A cat within a cat"
"What  no grumpy cat memes??"
"Everytime somebody says lololol instead of lol"
"-_-"
"Well into my third lifetime  what should I do next?"
"The most eloquent &quot;fuck you&quot; to YOLO I've ever seen."
"Been searching for memes as typical text message responses. This one will work just fine."
"A .gif of four owls. One is swallowing a mouse whole."
"Can't.... Must.... NOM!!"
"owls  you creepy"
"Owls!"
"Found on a 4chan funny gif thread"
"bath salts...that is all."
"What I see when I watch my roommates get stoned."
"Nom Nom Owls"
"This game alone made being an early 3DS adopter worth it"
"Amazing architecture on bridge"
"This architect knew exactly what he was doing"
"This is a wall in St. Peter's Basilica. You're welcome."
"The people they met"
"How I react to sarcasm"
"MFW my friend passes me in karma."
"MRW I got a 30 on my ACT"
"Prison inmate has FBI do his dirty work."
"This prisoner deserves Respect"
"Finally a party I can get behind"
"Go  Charizard!"
"That's a bridge that's usually about 12 ft above the water. SAANDDYY!!!!"
"Why I don't bother planking."
"A comic about infidelity  nailed it?"
"What the hell is that?"
"He's screwed."
"It happens all the time"
"Whenever I see that 1 person scored as low as I did on a test"
"On the rare occasion I meet a fellow atheist in the deep South"
"Whenever I see someone driving the same car as me"
"How I feel when I've been driving next to the same car for the past few hours on a road trip"
"My reaction to a cop when he told me to slow down instead of giving me a ticket"
"Driving through Washington state and I see a PA plate on a car with a Steelers sticker on the back."
"When someone gives me a single upvote"
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"So I started writing my personal statements for college aps..."
"Me in the first day of college level pre-calculus after not being in a classroom for 13 year"
"Choo Choo"
"double kill"
"Kid Takes It Twice For The Team [x-post /funny]"
"Kid Takes It Twice For The Team"
"How I felt this morning after completing my first final."
"How I imagine my Christian friends treat the Bible"
"How I feel after just having passed a test without studying"
"The Bizarro Internet"
"I feel like this belongs here  yeah. Definitely."
"When somebody has a good idea on reddit"
"When somebody has a good idea on Reddit."
"This List Was Posted in A College Dorm Bathroom at Miami University (Oxford  Ohio) (Article in Comments)"
"&quot;Top 10 Ways to Get Away With Rape&quot; list found in Ohio college dorm"
"Oh shit..."
"They're all dead....Game over man...Game over"
"Holy shit"
"The Catman."
"More Milk Alfred."
"My girlfriend's dead grandfather's dog's sibling's owner met Gabe Newell while saving this cat from religious extremists! No one likes her... Will Reddit show some love?"
"Batcat"
"I Am The Batman"
"Saw this on facebook  and brought me a smile. I present... BatCat"
"I could watch this panda roll for hours."
"How do I achieve this effect?"
"1 in a million odds on /new..."
"Junk food is responsible for millions of deaths annually."
"My girlfriends art amazes me..."
"A deep drawing from an 8th grader"
"In your face!"
"Like a boss"
"Please Sir"
"Why I love monkeys"
"Nom nom"
"so... is that a yes?"
"Wanna go for a walk?"
"I think that's a no"
"Sad Eli"
"Eli Manning"
"Everyday I'm shuffling..."
"How I feel when the Women's Gymnastics event comes on"
"I'm a Hood Nigga! (Gif Song Matchup)"
"Hood Nigga (3:35)"
"Searched for &quot;best science desktop wallpaper.&quot; I was not disappointed."
"Atheists: we lash out at children"
"Found in the nether regions of the world wide web  not sure what to make of this"
"If you see an atheist  tell a parent or a pastor right away. A friend sent this to me today."
"Please don't stop!"
"Living with a Husky's downside"
"Bro hug"
"Not all things adorable have to be tiny and fluffy."
"Tiger Love"
"Bears aren't the only ones who can give big hugs!"
"I wish"
"So you're a boxer eh?"
"I'm too sexy for my shirt"
"Sexy Shirt Removal"
"Well  that's one way to take your shirt off"
"SAP @ The Masters?"
"The original karma whore"
"The biggest karma whore ever."
"Kitty has no care in the world."
"Literal Lolcat"
"They Said I Would Never Walk Again"
"How women react to me in general."
"When I found out there's a One Direction subreddit"
"&quot;Close enough!&quot;"
"Bakery"
"Worst. Superhero. Ever."
"Breaking rules 1  2  and 6"
"Invincible... What?"
"sigh...just one of those days"
"It's not what it looks like. I swear. Oh god  you're not going to tell the the other guys are you?"
"Beachy Head  England"
"Damn chunk errors..."
"Rude  Boo."
"Noted."
"The logic is uncanny"
"Preteen Bitches - Got your nose!"
"My vehicle of choice"
"Meeting a redditor in real life"
"How I feel when I bother to shower before work"
"Awesome Iceberg..."
"An iceberg that floated into town"
"This kills the crab."
"A cafe on the border between Netherlands and Belgium."
"Border of Netherlands and Belgium"
"Quick  Grab Me a Beer"
"when i grow up.."
"I know this is a repost but can anyone identify what breed of cat this is for me?"
"Mind. Blown."
"BEST.TOY.EVER."
"This just appeared on my news feed. Anyone know what the background is on this picture?"
"Bring It On Sandy!"
"Hahaha  Oh salad!"
"Oh salad."
"Me and my teammate when I gank"
"The most brilliant logo design ever."
"When the person next to me on the bus said  &quot;You're so lucky you sat here! Do you know Jesus loves you?&quot;..."
"How I feel showing a funny YouTube video to my friends and them not finding it funny"
"Sending a text message to an Ex"
"How I feel being out of a job and just getting Steam during the Summer Sale..."
"It's my reddit birthday! Enjoy the cuteness&lt;3"
"Just adopted. Had to hire professional photographer to capture her cuteness"
"This is what I wake up to every morning"
"Meet fluffy.Sleeping"
"One drink limit."
"Even the best laid plans..."
"Brutal Bloodsport."
"Van Damme Metal"
"Hello."
"Look at my horse  my horse is amazing"
"Had to be done."
"Think about it.."
"Andy Murray."
"...with mind bullets!"
"THIS"
"Keep your eye on the ball."
"Murray sure does seem scared of that ball.."
"[X-POST /PICS] A flower with 80 000 volts running through it [pic]"
"A flower with 80 000 volts running through it."
"Things to do when the Internet is down."
"When the Internet is down"
"not a kinky girl"
"These names are getting ridiculous."
"is this real? [nsfw]"
"Gory (not sure if repost)"
"Hurricane Sandy  Never Forget."
"Hurricane Sandy.....Fuck Da Police"
"Folding Lava  Kilauea - Hawaii"
"Chipotle-addicted Redditor photographs his own fecal matter and claims it to be Hawaiian lava all to get a whiff of exotic Karma"
"Another Inaugural Stare"
"I think this guy likes beyonce"
"Soon at the inauguration..."
"I like to stick with classic first world anarchy.."
"Whenever one of my reddit friends posts a tumblr image on Facebook"
"But I used to stick my finger in them...?"
"Epic pic of Joe Biden cozying up with bikers at a campaign stop last weekend in Ohio."
"Real Biden and Onion Biden Converge"
"These bikers are thinking  &quot;You're lucky secret service is here...&quot;"
"The Picture Of Joe Biden You Have To See"
"Awkward Level: Vice President"
"Biden going the limit for the U.S.A."
"Dad  do something to Biden  remember your name is Troll"
"Oh Joe Biden  frisky."
"An old man assesses the damage after mad men destroy his shop (london riots). (more pictures in comments)"
"He's 89 and just discovered that his barbershop was totally destroyed by London Riots"
"Sleeping in class"
"Ever do this to someone in class?"
"In a curious turn of events  the green ranger wins the Game of Thrones...."
"Conan Rock"
"How I see myself in clubs"
"I tried that random Imgur thing  this is what came up first..."
"My friend is applying to school when he came across this..."
"I want to high five the web-admin for NAU."
"What is your Quest? To seek the holy fail"
"First thing I see after waking up and getting on Facebook."
"when my ex tried to talk to me about her problems"
"Wow you can fit 300 characters in here. Jeez  that's a lot. Hope you guys like this crowding up your newsfeed. Well  guess what? Too bad! You'll deal with it and like it. Sheep. Look at this waterfall. Jesus H christ  that's a good waterfall. But seriously  deal with it more. Because you can't. Out."
"Computer &quot;Web&quot; To Change Billions Of Lives (Yeah  Right)"
"Not liking Minecraft on Reddit"
"What happens every time I post"
"USA USA USA"
"Teddy Roosevelt shooting Bigfoot"
"Only in America..."
"I worked retail during the holidays last year. Black Friday turned my soul black."
"Do they win Halloween?"
"When I get tons of karma on my cake day."
"Me when I asked a girl if she wanted to &quot;hang out&quot; tonight and she said yes"
"My Girlfriend Said She Wanted To Try Anal"
"When I make a post and someone lets me know it's my cake-day"
"How I feel when I ace a test after I thought I failed"
"How I feel after acing a test I thought I bombed"
"How I feel after acing a test I thought I bombed"
"Getting my first penta kill"
"It's okay  I didn't want to sleep anyways"
"It seems a lot less scary now"
"nightmare fuel"
"Could somebody explain me what the hell is happening?"
"So you're really into babies and anime right???"
"You might think you've seen some fucked up tattoos. Think again."
"Uhhh...cool tattoo"
"Epic WTF  NSFW"
"I wanna go next!"
"Did he hit the fan???"
"Ouch."
"Wish list: air mattress and small child"
"Nicolas Deen"
"So am I"
"Boys in the backyard"
"How I imagined Redditor dads on Father's Day"
"My milkshakes"
"All this Mars talk..."
"All this Mars talk..."
"You feel it bro?"
"DO YOU FEEL IT?!"
"My new favorite Samuel L Jackson gif"
"Guess who!"
"Parks and Rec season 4 available on Netflix?"
"Net Worth"
"Wonkatme bro!"
"Has this ever happened to you?"
"Fine example of the architectural excellence."
"Fine example of the architectural excellence"
"Who wants milk?"
"I love Alison Brie"
"Repost"
"Repost"
"SAP vs. SAP"
"I was searching for a cutesy love subreddit  and this was the first options that came up under r/love."
"Foul!"
"Boo"
"When I play sports with my black friends"
"Whenever my girlfriend has a fight with her &quot;best friend&quot;"
"Googled sleep  was disappointed"
"One of my favorite Nicolas cage pictures"
"The gif that works with EVERY situation"
"I have a presentation tomorrow but instead of finishing the powerpoint  I'm thinking of a good caption that goes with this gif... Help me reddit."
"The feeling when you up/downvote a post and make the number a round one."
"Some people of /minecraft are insane."
"Watch dog"
"Problem?"
"One of my favorite photos so far from the White House's photostream"
"Mein Chomp!!!"
"lul wut"
"I'll see your &quot;Cage Monkey&quot; and raise you a Hippolas Cage"
"Hippolas Cage"
"Basic day as a bear."
"Whatcha Thinkin About?"
"Whatcha Thinkin' About?"
"How I feel when deleting my comments on Reddit"
"Rebellious Asian-American"
"Troubled Rebellious Asian"
"Kills me every time."
"What do you want from me reddit?"
"Bus driver uppercuts irate woman [GIF]"
"Goes with everything."
"Falcon... PUNCH!"
"Finish Her!"
"They say I cant lose  I say you cant win!"
"My reaction to the updates about Diablo III"
"Looks like it's my cake day!"
"Me chewing gum before i have to throw it away"
"Every Time I see an upcoming indie game."
"Yeah  He Likes Them"
"Olli Jokinen will be eating waffles in Winnipeg now!"
"An Interesting Party..."
"Dead Jasmin"
"A baby otter ball"
"It's a CD Holder about Nothing!"
"This cartoon captures religion perfectly."
"Dr Suess was The Man"
"You've all wished it."
"Your struggling is futile"
"Ok....."
"Better watch what you drink...."
"...choose wisely"
"A side by side photo of Obama &amp; Romney I saw on twitter this morning."
"I swear this is at least half of my facebook friends."
"Instagram? Could be Reddit as well"
"Welcome to the internet  please follow me."
"Reddit  in a picture"
"This runs the Internet"
"he didn't see that coming"
"What My Mondays Feel Like"
"I'll just be on my way"
"I give you bacon and cats"
"kitty and space bacon!!!"
"Pussy on bacon"
"This oughta get me to the front page  right?"
"Googled &quot;summary of the internet&quot;"
"In middle school  we are learning about pollution in rivers. This is how I think people see me as since I am Native American"
"You can do it all by yo'self."
"Me during finals w... who am i kidding.... DAMN YOU REDDIT!"
"Every Day"
"Ahh... Summer."
"Doing nothing with a chicken on the rocks"
"Reddit in a nutshell (credit to kawaiipiranha for the gif)"
"How i feel every time i am on Reddit"
"Just realized..."
"Just realized... [FIXED]"
"How each day of my weekend went"
"For anyone who wants to know whats its like to be on co-op at an RIT research lab"
"For anyone who wants to know what its like to be on co-op at an RIT research lab"
"Reddit down  day off work  stuck at home....."
"I just realized.."
"Meal Time With Re-Worked Jesus"
"Here comes the choo choo train!"
"Watching from a distance!"
"Cruisin down the street in my 6-4"
"Faith"
"Baby bunnies in tiny sweaters"
"Day No 156  the tiger has yet to figure out the subterfuge. - Team bacon."
"About that edge-of-space Jump: A coresponding fall to a schoolroom globe begins 1 millimeter above its surface. I'm just saying. -NDTyson"
"LOOK OUT! It's a FEROCIOUS...tiger?"
"Tiger dog  yes its awesome."
"fuck taking a picture from underneath this wave"
"Tom &amp; Jerry"
"What I do when I'm sitting in the hall between classes."
"So then I said to the guy I didn't vote for Obama!"
"One reason to vote Obama"
"Can anyone explain this gif?"
"My mind is blown"
"I just found out my Cake Day is coming..."
"Talked my way out of a speeding ticket!"
"I whip my hair back and derp"
"Japanese Winnie the Pooh. I think this belongs here."
"The original pedobear. (forgive me if this is old)"
"For all the faggots on ifunny"
"Current state of the AK-47 in CS:GO"
"suspicious"
"Hold on!! Is this Real??0O"
"George Takei posted this on FB  and it blew the hell up."
"I've never seen this on Reddit  but it seems too good to not-be a repost. Here's to the off chance."
"truer words have never been spoken"
"Right in the feels."
"Toss the baby they said. It will be fun."
"I've noticed that to get to the front page  you need a bikini! [FIXED]"
"A Lovely Day at the Beach."
"Finals week summarized in one photo"
"Tell me I'm not the only one... (Stay safe  East Coast!)"
"Tell me bout it  stud"
"&quot;Tell me about it  Stud&quot; -- [Hurricane] Sandy"
"I'm amazing"
"If i don't move they won't see me."
"Rabbit Abuse"
"Happy Veterans Day. 'Merica."
"What the fuck am I doing with my life ..."
"Just about how I feel about my life right now..."
"Kitteh!!!"
"Me when I'm waiting for a text message"
"When I realize nothing in my life is turning out how I had hoped."
"Today I realised I had forgotten my first cake day."
"Can't beat tha-- Wait  what?"
"Can't beat tha-- Wait  what?"
"If I were to fight MMA  I think it would go like this"
"Fighting their little hearts out. Crosspost from /r/MMA"
"When I see people arguing on reddit."
"HIFW when a good friend and I have a disagreement."
"PROTECT MY BALLS"
"Cake Day you say? Must. . . find. . . something. . . funny. . ."
"That moment when your boss emails you two minutes after you get to work saying you can work from home."
"20 minutes of Error 37"
"How I feel about tomorrow's exam..."
"Nutella Snack &amp; Drink Sold Out on Amazon"
"Whenever I think of the perfect comment but someone beats me to it"
"As a gamer currently without a computer  this is all I can think about all the free giveaways and pics of steam inventories in r/gaming"
"How I feel when someone at my work quits and I have to work overtime."
"How I feel coming back to reddit post cake day to see my only submission got downvoted."
"Go to hell"
"How I feel when I get hit by a blue shell right before the finish line and everyone passes me"
"How I feel when my throwaway account gets more up votes than my real account."
"3 days into no fap September: &quot;I would..."
"Fuck it all"
"Returning to work after the long weekend."
"Can't wait to say this again on Friday"
"My cakeday was yesterday and the campus internet was down all day  only to return around 1:00 AM today."
"My thoughts after 3 tests in one day"
"This is me on every god damn Monday"
"How I feel my last day of work before a long vacation."
"Preparing for class as a 2L or 3L"
"How I feel when I need to get work done."
"How I feel when I need to get work done [FIXED]."
"When I reach for my cigarettes  then remember I've quit smoking"
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"Not having school tomorrow but having no power so I can't go on Reddit"
"A few hours into my Cakeday and I already feel like this after submitting a few links"
"American foreign policy."
"I miss Michael Scott"
"How I feel down voting a new post."
"Every time the USA scores a Gold Medal"
"Animated solution to missing square puzzle"
"And thus  a new meme was born."
"Hoping Terra Nova turns out like this."
"This is so many levels of badass..."
"It had dinosaurs with lasers  it was a pretty awesome show."
"I hope it doesn't break"
"in russia urinal pees at you"
"Piss roulette"
"i might have watched if...."
"How it felt coming on reddit today after making the front page last night."
"The correct reaction to discovering r/spacedicks"
"As a person from Europe regarding Sandy."
"Nose maggots."
"Ohh what  do you have a booger or someth-- WHAT THE FUCK!?!"
"We all have a friend who is like this."
"that face..."
"Ouch"
"The Perfect Picture For This Subreddit (Originally Titled &quot;War&quot;)"
"Image that appeared on my FB newsfeed  originally posted by some Christian &quot;liberty movement&quot; page. Oh  I see the irony  alright."
"Such a cute baby cow!"
"First taste of baby food."
"When I'm eating fastfood and my health freak friend decides to share their &quot;insider&quot; knowledge"
"Realizing that all food doesn't come from boobs"
"Babies are ummmmm........beautiful????"
"Really?"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"But how does it stop!?"
"This is the saddest thing i've ever seen"
"Teacup puppy!"
"Excuse me sir there seems to be a FUCKING DOG IN YOUR CUP!!!!"
"When the doorbell rings and I know it's the pizza guy"
"When I see another sharp dressed man in the room. [FIXED]"
"Browsing r/Gentlemanboners..."
"When I don't know anyone at a party and then a friend walks in"
"I made front page two days in a row..."
"MRW someone mentions Waffle House after midnight"
"Scumbag Turtle"
"Downvoting a comment with 0 points"
"How Reddit has been treating me lately."
"4chan delivers again"
"I've seen this on Reddit a couple of times  but it always amazes me. This is how Giraffes sleep."
"My neck hurts from looking at this."
"How giraffes sleep"
"Glass shell crustacean"
"Hermit Crab in a Glass Shell. Says it all  really."
"Hermit crab in a glass shell"
"Go deeper."
"My plans after the finals"
"Poetry"
"Poetry."
"Saw this picture on Facebook"
"A deer Ass for a door bell"
"Gloom used Acid!"
"GLOOM used ACID!"
"Girl gone wild - SFW"
"A house in Ostend  Belgium"
"Go Home  Home...[repost]"
"A house in Ostend  Belgium"
"New Jersey Beaches  before and after Hurricane Sandy"
"Obama's thoughts on Skyline Chili..."
"When I realized I missed my Cake Day karma"
"Cheetahs learning to hunt. The one on the right looks rather confused."
"Spongebob  WTF?!?!"
"This is wrong on so many levels"
"Everytime I talk to a cute girl"
"Everytime I try to talk to a cute girl"
"Oh Charlie"
"&quot;After further review...&quot;"
"Nfl Refs"
"Pretty much sums up the refs in the NFL thus far. I find this to be humorous."
"Oh  the referees."
"How NFL officiating has been recently..."
"Sums up MNF perfectly!"
"How I feel about the NFL replacement refs"
"Poor Packers"
"How I view the refs after the Packers-Seahawks game tonight."
"Touchdown Celtics"
"after further review..."
"Oh god  they're here."
"Come at me bro!"
"Lt. Dan on Hurricane Sandy"
"If i fits i...fuck"
"How I feel getting into a relationship with a girl I don't really like."
"Please compliment the cook for me."
"Exercise Is The First Step"
"What I assume I look like exercising."
"She STRONG..."
"I don't even.."
"What that first workout after Thanksgiving weekend feels like"
"So i typed in &quot;go girl&quot; into Google. Was not disapointed."
"Cakeday + faceswap + cat + WTF = nothing and I'll prove it"
"One of the few cats to make me laugh"
"Whenever I need a smile..."
"How I imagine the lives of all cats owned by Redditors"
"when you see it"
"Lies? on the internet?"
"Hello there"
"When you see it..."
"Pug Seal."
"The prognosis"
"My favorite WTF pic of all time"
"Saturday Night"
"This is how to party"
"Still the greatest partytime picture ive personally come across"
"How I feel every time I leave a great comment on r/NEW"
"Upvoting something with a 1000 upvotes"
"How I feel trying to fight off reposts"
"How I feel trying to comment on a post in AskReddit with over 5 000 comments"
"I can't accomplish anything."
"...ker-plunk"
"The biggest fear of having a daughter [FIXED]"
"Hitler's wallet"
"Nice elevator floor illusion"
"A suit made entirely out of mirrors"
"New &quot;heavy load&quot; picture?"
"This image is quite appropriate  since it's actually how I feel when Reddit's not working while I'm in my break."
"Anybody else oddly jealous of this lil' guy?"
"It should be the opposite item for me..."
"after many failed posts i dont see why that alien is so distressed with a load like that"
"Why cant this happen to me?"
"What every Redditor fears"
"When my submission gets a ton of upvotes."
"This is me on a thursday night"
"How I feel submitting a link [FIXED]"
"Me every time I post something I think is funny...."
"A redditor's worst nightmare (HIDE YOUR CATS)"
"Just George Bush eating a cat."
"cause bush dosent like hot dogs.."
"I googled &quot;Pokemon Bicycle Highway&quot;... this is what I got"
"badass"
"If she hasn't...She will soon"
"My biggest fear of having a daughter"
"How a guy imagines his girlfriend's male friends."
"I know Dat feel"
"What I thought of when I saw the thread about Gaben not selling out"
"Never thought I would find this quote fitting so well into real life."
"Ohh Gaben.."
"Sending a message"
"How I feel paying out the ass for an iphone but iMessage never working."
"Proper technique"
"Just wanted to share with Reddit my favorite gif!"
"My boyfriend's reaction when I told him I'm participating in No Shave November"
"... once you get into a serious drug collection  the tendency is to push it as far as you can."
"... once you get into a serious drug collection  the tendency is to push it as far as you can."
"I'm only submitting this so I can save the image."
"Crosspost- panda vs office (I hope this isn't a repost here  am new to this subreddit)"
"What Blizzard Is Doing To Everyone Logging Into MOP"
"Watching videos on the internet (in a nutshell)"
"Almost six months in  this my opinion of this site."
"My response to all the costume posts."
"Cultural differences: how I feel as a Brit seeing all these Hallowe'en costume posts"
"My first time browsing /r/Christianity. This is the first thing that popped into my head. REPOST"
"Everytime I'm on Reddit"
"Every time I read a &quot;Oh God Why&quot; ragecomic"
"these 4-panel walls"
"Y U NO HAIR?!?!"
"Reddit Lately..."
"leaving reddit for 5 minutes..."
"My opinion on f7u12 lately."
"browsing NSFW_GIF for the first time"
"After looking at some &quot;Annoying Childhood Friend&quot; memes"
"Makes you think..."
"How Australians feel about SuperBowl Sunday"
"Because I'm French"
"Every time I see &quot;WTF Brain?!?&quot; posts"
"when i see troll brain comics"
"6 months of reddit has changed me."
"Something I've noticed."
"Been gone for awhile  not up to speed rage."
"Honestly where is it?"
"computer rage"
"Reddit Adventures: r/minecraft"
"I've noticed this recently..."
"cat rage"
"It's really pretty simple."
"Nailed it?"
"Ivet Lalova warming up her glutes"
"I don't care how many times this gif is reposted"
"Ivet Lalova warming up her glutes."
"This ad played on my stream during MNF."
"This ad played during MNF"
"Watching football when..."
"Leftover Tarantula Skin"
"Selling Tarantula Skin:"
"Whenever I see someone planking"
"How to deal with fads"
"Whenever i see anyone get out of the FriendZone"
"Can someone help me to get the source of this .gif?"
"When posted with a funny caption  this gif never fails to make me laugh."
"the CGI's a bit shitty  but still better than the Phantom Menace..."
"You know whats worse than an Asian driver?"
"Ah ha!"
"we meet again"
"Still the cleverest text/picture combination I've ever seen [FIXED]"
"Best olympic photo ever"
"What I imagine LSD is like."
"What acid is like..."
"Time... and time again..."
"Stupid monkeys and their rims"
"This alloy is for my car not for yours"
"If you do this  fuck you"
"Happy 60th birthday to the legend that is Bill Murray!"
"Thank you"
"You're Awesome"
"How I feel as an Atheist in America..."
"Come in star command..."
"Astronauts"
"Space Shuttle Endeavor ALMOST made it"
"Gangster shuttle"
"Endeavor after spending the night in Englewood"
"Why you don't leave space shuttles unattended"
"How to improve in any game"
"How to improve in life"
"Biggest lie ever..."
"Whenever I find myself visiting 4chan..."
"Browsing r/WTF while going to bed was a bad idea..."
"Fuck the police - Imgur"
"Fuck the rules"
"when i was little  this was me when my dad had the video camera"
"When I'm crossing the street and someone honks at me to hurry up"
"MOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE BITCH"
"When a guy wants to fight me in a club  and I know that the bouncer is right behind me"
"No one will notice...."
"me?! Never!"
"When I'm trying to pass the exam."
"What would happen Oct. 1 if anyone completed No Fap September"
"live view from my apartment in Manhattan"
"Listening to my conservative  devout Catholic mother and my liberal  atheist brother discuss religion/politics during his last visit.."
"When my friends start debating at the bar."
"What I look like when my friend swears in front of my parents..."
"Well  this is awkward"
"Soft gooey center."
"I HATE COPS"
"Hammer Time"
"Mexican IED Removal..."
"Perfect Symmetry Kitties"
"saw this on facebook  thought it deserved better"
"Wookie the Pooh"
"A deformed white tiger"
"Tranquility."
"Does it feel humid to you?"
"Humidity sucks!"
"Flawless landing"
"So I Googled &quot;What The Fuck?&quot; This was the 2nd result:"
"I want to be Ron Swanson"
"This is genius."
"Your mind will tell you this picture is impossible. Don't listen to it."
"The hedgehog is not amused..."
"Water Tension Blob Monster"
"Back in the day  I thought this made me cool [Fixed]"
"Typed in 'Facebook Shitting' on Google Images. I just don't know..."
"I searched &quot;Emo People&quot; on Google and this was one of the first results"
"Sometimes when I'm sad...."
"Admit it. You did a double take."
"Everyone's first try at a reddit submission."
"Nail'd it?"
"Nailed it [Fixed]"
"Nailed it?"
"Soon."
"Snow Cat"
"Told my kitty to watch over the house in my absence..."
"YOU'RE GOING TO DISNEY WORLD!"
"Dat FASE!"
"Adorable!"
"Dominic  you rat! You weren't using the oven to bake cookies!"
"Dominic you rat! you weren't using the oven to bake cookies!"
"Got this from the random imgur generator...uhwhat"
"Whenever someone tries to get me up for school!"
"When I'm camping and wake up in my sleeping bag."
"Typhlosion is Confused!"
"Found this squirrel near my house"
"How I imagine the spectators of a bike marathon feel after seeing the bikers go by."
"How I feel after my very first cakeday."
"Once you finally reach that front page..."
"Whenever I finish fapping..."
"When I saw Reddit was down for emergency maintenance."
"A very kind Redditor bought me Reddit Gold."
"Half of my Sunday mornings this Summer..."
"wat"
"I can't stop laughing at this."
"Any time there's a pop quiz in a morning class"
"gotcha!"
"Gotta Catch Bush"
"He appeared to be caught!"
"A wild GWB appeared."
"Shoot it was so close too!! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"I saw this in r/GifSound and thought you guys would like it..."
"Well that is enough internet for today"
"What happens when I see a crying drunk girl."
"When I run out of work at my part time job and there is nothing more to browse on reddit..."
"Tomorrow's my birthday  and my girlfriend just broke up with me this morning. This pretty much sums up how I feel about the work week."
"When my roommates decide to have a Human Centipede 1 and 2 marathon..."
"Finally saw 'Snow white and the seven huntsmen' today. Got halfway through it"
"So my wife left 50 Shades of Grey on the table. This is how I felt after reading the first paragraph."
"When I heard the word No and Fap in a sentence"
"Everytime I venture to r/gore"
"Kids..."
"Kid ... This Picture Will Haunt You For A Lifetime - Your Parents Will Make Sure Of It"
"Surprise!"
"Rawr."
"Gotta stay warm!"
"Your move  Jesus."
"How to outwit Jesus!"
"I don't even..."
"I never thought a Disney cartoon could be so badass"
"Canadian Quidditch"
"Adios Bitches."
"Baby Polar Bear"
"Probably my favorite &quot;aww&quot; on the Internet"
"I hate it when I get dollar bills like this"
"The most awesome cat photo EVER. Dali Atomicus by Salvadore Dali and Philippe Halsman"
"Just cookin' for Christopher Walken"
"The download that ate the cd that ate the cassette that ate the lp..."
"Thirty years of music"
"Every redditors dream"
"I look at this when I sign off my computer..."
"grilled cheese"
"Trick I used in High School a few times  never failed."
"Check out that goat tower."
"I'd have a goat house."
"Peacekeeper missile re-entry [time-exposure shot]"
"This is a test of the Peacekeeper Missile system"
"next thing you know they'll be telling us he's jewish."
"Jesus is Middle Eastern"
"What are you looking at?"
"Whenever I visit r/WTF"
"Lynda Carter is not impressed..."
"Get well little guy."
"Get well soon.."
"If he truly wanted to be happy  Waldo would be trying to find himself."
"When you see it..."
"Where's my childhood?"
"when u want something...this happens"
"bla"
"Wordless AND Pictureless Comic"
"murat"
"Genie Wishes"
"out smarting a genie"
"Best friends do it"
"groupwork and cooperation at it's best."
"Found this gem on Youtube"
"Classy people on the subway"
"Just on the subway.."
"They see me lovin'"
"Today I grant you the ability to defeat your own mind"
"US Army Comic Strip: How to Spot a Jap"
"The US Army's &quot;How To Spot A Jap&quot; (1942)"
"Found this on r/aww. Fits better here (x-post /r/aww)"
"Moraine Lake  Canada"
"Every. Single. Upvote."
"Me when I found out I was watching The Big Lebowski in my film class"
"Myself every weekend when I give myself liquid courage to go to clubs"
"I Thought This Fit"
"I have been on reddit for almost a year and I just hit 1000 karma. This essentially sums up my current emotions."
"I D G A F"
"How I felt after doing well on a test I thought I bombed"
"Who's the pussy now?"
"Ronald the abusive clown"
"Ok! I will buy your fucking happy meal!"
"this is why i don't got to McDonald's anymore"
"What I imagine when I see a Rick Perry interview"
"Reddit slow to load at 2AM?"
"So I watching the Super Bowl commercials today  and I noticed this..."
"reddit today"
"Why was Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull so bad?"
"Michael Bay's latest abomination."
"Where I live  Christians support gay marriage..."
"How did you do that???"
"What redditors think about politics in America"
"After watching a game of soccer."
"Weeklong vacation with the rents at a [0] when suddenly..."
"After the GF stays the weekend  everywhere I look..."
"So I watched a &quot;documentary&quot; on mermaids this weekend"
"My neighbor asked why there was smoke coming out of my window this morning."
"After watching the Gangnam Style video"
"How did meme's come about?"
"It's not aliens... it's"
"Bugles"
"At Christmas Eve service with family: &quot;As they stood in the pasture a great light shone from the heavens and the shepherds quaked in fear as they appeared...&quot; The 6yo behind me:"
"So it's 1208 on my iPhone bit NYC ball drop says 3:30 till 2013. Oh yeah I down voted all 0s to -1 on rpics app."
"Sharks in the streets  Brigantine NJ"
"Meanwhile in New Jersey..."
"When Reddit asked if I wanted sausage for dinner"
"Apparently she ain't one"
"I DO COCAAAAAINE [gif]"
"Beware of the dog"
"Classical Humor"
"The music would be amazing"
"Sorry mom!"
"Why is this 50%?"
"This was a tough decision.."
"Atheist or pedophile - did the author of this question think that was an even comparison?"
"Everyone over on r/conspiracy"
"Well  fuck."
"Neither?"
"My faith in humanity has been restored."
"Thought the belonged here"
"WTF would you rather?"
"I'm so torn..."
"Oh dear god  no"
"WHY"
"who ever thought of this is not human..."
"Well that's just not fair"
"What if I want to choose the second one?"
"We are the 80%"
"Who needs local glory when you've got a Happy Meal!"
"We are the 77%"
"Oh come on people... You could get any gay guy you want"
"The debate continues"
"That's right"
"On Oct. 19 2012 CBS in Arizona put a banner on The Peoples Court and calls the 2012 Election in favor of Obama"
"EVERYTIME I try to post a &quot;[fixed]&quot; link to reddit"
"The four elements"
"When my girlfriends period starts"
"This must be what its like from their perspective"
"When I get an upvote..."
"Swagga like Mr. Rogers"
"pimpin' in a cardigan"
"Mr. Rogers' swag."
"Mr. Rogers Swagger Dagger"
"SWAGGGGGGAAAA BACK!!!!"
"Quite easy actually..."
"When I try to submit original content to Reddit"
"Whenever I submit original content to reddit"
"How advertising companies portray us without their product"
"Where did the soda go?"
"And a single fuck was given that da- Shit."
"Since a lot of people are posting the gifs from the /wsg/ thread over on 4chan  might as well post all of them"
"All of the gifs from the /wsg/ Infomercial thread over on 4chan  might as well post all of them"
"Hit Me With Your Best Shot..."
"Lightning and Lunar Eclipse"
"Lightning on the horizon"
"Simply the best thumbs up in existence..."
"Oh my glob! You're just jealous of my lumps"
"Well  that didn't work..."
"Dew you know what I mean?"
"Dragonfly covered in dewdrops."
"Gone wild..."
"Do you sell hotdogs? (randomly found picture)"
"Who said that?!"
"When my phone is ringing but I can't figure out where it is."
"Does he look like a bitch?"
"Played Guess Who with my friend Samuel the other day."
"Pulp who?"
"Hurricane Sandy Already Wreaking Havoc on NYC Landmarks"
"They just realized he was banging all 3 of them."
"lions attacking"
"How I feel having two sisters and a mother converging on that time of the month."
"When I go into the women restroom by mistake"
"when my Mom and two Sisters start their monthly cycle at the same time..."
"Emo Elephant"
"Aww Elephant... It's ok"
"I know that feel bro."
"Construction"
"When my boss gives me an assignment at 4PM on a Friday."
"Every video on youtube starts with an add nowadays..."
"Me when i post something that is a repost"
"AC is out in my Tucson  AZ lab: this about sums up my feelings"
"When you see a repost of your post hit the front page."
"Accidentally clicking a link instead of opening a new page while browsing reddit"
"So Brave"
"is WTF brave enough?"
"How to win over r/atheism and r/gaming in the same gif"
"Real sobbing!"
"The moment I press submit and realize my Reddit comment has a typo in it."
"The moment that I realize I just told my mom my Reddit user name"
"Something else had to be going on when this was taken."
"Anarchy"
"The graffiti in Belgium is off the rails!"
"Hey guys look what I found while out on a walk [OC]"
"Rahm Emmanuel likes Nickelback."
"what did i just watch...?"
"Back that ass up"
"Let me what ya' got."
"why not"
"A different take on a classic game."
"This isn't helping my appetite for anything."
"Don't order the apple juice either"
"I guess they really do get 'busy' at Hogwarts..."
"A friend of mine just posted this on FB (He is the classy one) - Please  people! Have some damn manners.."
"Have some class with those games."
"On a chessboard  a knight can visit each square exactly once. This is how."
"a real chick magnet"
"DUCKFACE (worst case I've seen!)"
"A neckless giraffe (x-post from AnimalsWithoutNecks)"
"Life Cycle Of A Leaf"
"ESPN College GameDay Photobomb"
"A notable repost  but delightfully appropriate for the recent festivities on r/atheism"
"Probably the funniest anti-islam image on the internet"
"Halo 3 - Mongoose Backflip No Scope Headshot"
"Very Photogenic Halo 4 - Mongoose Backflip No Scope Headshot"
"Halo 3 - Mongoose Backflip No Scope Headshot [Fixed]"
"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day."
"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day."
"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day."
"Let me help you out there buddy"
"Hell no"
"think about it!"
"Chilling on the moon"
"Carlsberg"
"How I feel when I downvote a comment that has one upvote"
"Being a police dog at the airport."
"The new Batman film."
"Our tenth date was a success!"
"Life advice from Dwight. (repost....I'm ok with it)"
"The American dream."
"The &quot;a&quot;-Team"
"When my post is about to be down voted to hell and someone makes a funny comment"
"Wrestling Flip Slam"
"How he got his trumpet back..."
"Fuck the police  with jazz.."
"What class are you struggling with?"
"How I drink my milk when I eat too much peanut butter"
"Aww Skeet Skeet"
"Past the point of no return"
"Best. Walrus. Gif. Ever. [FIXED]"
"How does this even move??"
"U Jelly?"
"Sure  why not?"
"Sibling photobomb at the inauguration"
"Those pesky Obama kids."
"How I feel as a convert from Digg."
"How I feel eating or drinking after brushing."
"how I feel with most Reddit posts"
"This should not be so funny"
"May not be the best match  but I think they go together rather nicely."
"The disco."
"Midget Disco Dancing"
"You know who fucks real good..."
"Sheldon's Shirt For This Weeks Episode. Thoughts?"
"Sheldon Cooper in a reddit shirt( big bang theory)"
"Found this on the front page today"
"I love the wave at football matches."
"Surfin' OSU"
"Wipeout!"
"Marching band surfing"
"I'll just leave this here"
"Bad Parenting Level: OVER 9000"
"What is this i don't even..."
"Swedish policing at its finest."
"Roar!"
"Bear friends"
"Friends new iPhone. Special Delivery..."
"Franky was just too excited for the iPhone 5 to wait for his owners to get home and open it!"
"imgur roullete = cunt punch"
"FALCON PUNCH!"
"How Tebow Fans Felt During Sunday's Game"
"When I'm next in the rotation but they take a third puff"
"When I am talking to a girl at a party and she brings up her boyfriend"
"WTF is goin on here???!!?!"
"Puppy status: stuck. Heart status: exploded from cuteness. Twice."
"Every morning I wake up to this guy."
"Right after the alarm goes off in the morning."
"Playing hide and seek with cats"
"Playing hide and seek with cats"
"A cat with lasers."
"Destroy them with cats!"
"Dragon-Nerd"
"Skyrim dragons are such nerds."
"Surfin' Dog"
"The Perfect Fashion Statement?"
"He did it!"
"He Did It!!!"
"The RAREST accomplishment in the world was just achieved"
"Seaside Heights  NJ. That's one way to get rid of the guidos. (This was the boardwalk)"
"No more Jersey Shore?! Hurricane Sandy destroys Seaside boardwalk"
"Goodbye Seaside Heights Boardwalk"
"Waterfalls"
"Plitvice Lakes National Park"
"WHERE IS THIS? I WANT to go..."
"spills"
"This is Bosnia and Herzegovina."
"Bullet owl"
"TIL that owls are like bullets when flying. Amazing."
"On the toilet after an Indian dinner."
"When I get home from a dinner at a shady Indian place."
"I never took meth!"
"Meth?"
"Elvis Bacon"
"Elvis Bacon"
"Elvis Bacon"
"Who dares?"
"wat."
"Just another night on the internet."
"What dove fuq."
"Granddad always has the best stories...."
"Whenever I win an argument with my girlfriend [FIXED]"
"In Michigan  Hell has frozen over."
"Make a CD case from a single piece of paper"
"Easier way to make a CD case from a single piece of paper"
"Walker Baby"
"you're sure it's okay?"
"&quot;Yeah  what you looking at?&quot;"
"smoked chicken"
"why do I get the feeling this was done in a restaurant's kitchen somewhere?"
"Got a light?"
"No Words Can Describe"
"I challenge you to find three common household items that put together look weirder than these three"
"what should we call this?"
"Yeah"
"Yeah"
"My friend wanted to make dinner"
"Wut."
"Came upon my [FB] feed...apparently he was bullied! Could have been here before."
"Fuckin' Mondays"
"Good Grief"
"Sign in store window prior to presidential visit"
"We just employ several Columbian prostitutes and don't want to temp you guys"
"Girls and their glasses"
"Glasses"
"Fuck yeah Captain America!"
"CAPTAIN AMERICA  NO!"
"How I think the rest of the world sees North America."
"So I googled cat riding bike and this came up"
"Meanwhile in India"
"All this talk about horses defying the laws of physics reminded me of this"
"Mission Inhorseable."
"Because Fuck Hollywood"
"Fuck logic  best special effects ever."
"Danger Zone."
"Only in Bollywood."
"&quot;My name's Wade Wilson - I'm a dick&quot;"
"Deadpool is a dick"
"Kitty!"
"^O^"
"It's about time."
"How I feel making my first downvote"
"A normal  everyday catfish."
"When I google &quot;Cats&quot; this isn't what I have in mind"
"Happy national catfish day!"
"I don't know why I found this so funny..."
"'Murica! Fuck tornadoes."
"What do I think about tornadoes?"
"Being stuck in the firehouse for a 24 shift..."
"All ya gotta do is watch me  look what I can do with my feet!"
"Ninja Goats"
"How I felt being the only one drunk at a party"
"Buttermilk 'playing'"
"Whenever I correct another Redditor."
"fuck you."
"A&amp;C material suggestion."
"DROP IT!"
"I think this fits best!"
"Parkour Kid"
"A match made in heaven"
"Oh deer god"
"Oh deer god [FIXED]"
"Oh Deer God (x-post from r/WTF)"
"First Reddit post: My buddy passed out after celebrating his 21st birthday"
"Sleeping Beauty!"
"When I try to explain reddiquette and I get downvoted."
"How I feel being here 1 month and having 1000 comment karma..."
"Me  every time a video stops to buffer..."
"How I feel when someone points out that it's my cakeday"
"Rihanna  THIS is why i hate you."
"So I have an exam in 45minutes that I completely forgot to study for... only one solution."
"How I feel when I reddit instead of studying for a test."
"The first WTF in a long time to make me smile."
"They see me rollin'"
"You can't be to old to have fun"
"This is Britain"
"This is Britain [FIXED]"
"You're Awesome"
"Jim Carrey as Carl Sagan in epic science-flavored biopic. Reddit  make it so."
"This .gif helped me get an A on a class presentation"
"Just a reminder to all you out there trying to improve this world..."
"Found this GIF today  was quite pleased to know it existed. (first post ever)"
"When I found out the girl I like smokes weed"
"Epitome of Awesome."
"Rubik's Cube Robot"
"&quot;Tank Man&quot; temporarily stops the advance of a column of tanks on June 5  1989"
"How Significant We Are"
"I'd like to show this to some people."
"I'd rather show THIS to some people."
"So I tried to help the knights of Reddit by going through the new page..."
"When I ask my gf what's wrong."
"Aaron Mishkin"
"he probably deserved it"
"Repost  but it gets me every time"
"God will never dessert you"
"Patrick Bateman loves the sax"
"I don't care if it's played out. I love listening to it."
"Bateman LMFAO"
"Karma Whore"
"Karma Whore [x-post from r/nsfw_gif]"
"This will probably get downvoted (upvote for visibility)"
"I discovered Reddit last year  and subsequently  Karma. For the past year I've been whoring karma left and right  I recently made it to 50k+  I took a moment to reflect on what it took to get there  and this is how I felt."
"How I feel upvoting things on r/gonewild. [NSFW]"
"The original Forever Alone..."
"Seeing that person on Facebook who &quot;likes&quot; their own comments"
"What it feels like to be 20  single  and ALL of your friends are constantly in and out of relationships."
"Whenever I post on reddit -fixed"
"My reaction every time I see an original post."
"The Horrors of war in Aleppo  Syria"
"The Moment a Tank Shell Hits in Aleppo"
"Whenever i see the same .GIF in both /r/gifs and/r/reactiongifs."
"How I feel every time I see a comic that almost happened to me."
"I want to live there"
"Dexter"
"Dexter."
"Poledancing"
"Not all signs are planted"
"This is not a warning."
"British humour."
"NFL refs finally figure it out"
"This about sums up the replacement refs in the NFL..."
"NFL replacement refs in a nutshell."
"As a PC gamer  I wish this was real."
"The most feared villain in gaming. [FIXED]"
"Ready for sailing."
"Just look at that face!"
"I just wanna shake my turban"
"1992 Was awesome."
"Just giving the cat some exercise"
"Just another day at the beach"
"Fearless cat is fearless."
"Sick  fearless bastard."
"Just a cat. Chilling."
"This pic give me chills"
"Steady..."
"One fearless kitty."
"Atheist Mathematicians"
"Looks like he slipped up"
"Mac vs Windows"
"If a hipster hates you"
"If an embryo counts as a person..."
"Like Fry"
"Satan"
"If Dead Babies Go To Heaven..."
"Went to a baptism yesterday and this crossed my mind. It's also my cakeday."
"Went to a baptism yesterday and this crossed my mind. It's also my cakeday."
"Pissing off Catholics and Muslims at the same time"
"My buddy Derek posted this on Facebook. So I stole it. Raises an interesting question indeed."
"Just a thought"
"Anti virus"
"Anti virus"
"The raptor has nailed it."
"dad...mom..."
"Business cat putting in some solid work"
"Desire for treat greater than embarassment!"
"There's an internal struggle here that I don't think any one of us can fully understand."
"Animal cruelty"
"getting up after sitting cross-legged and surfing for hours on reddit"
"Puppy Mittens"
"For my 20th rl cake day I give you the best gif I've seen"
"Aww shit....."
"Makes me laugh every time"
"Oh no  not again..."
"Aww shit"
"Such an amazingly bad idea"
"Commenting in a controversial thread"
"A baby otter at Seaworld in Orlando"
"Baby Asian Small-Clawed Otter"
"What I see every time I close my windows."
"Just a really happy dog"
"MFW I find an awesome subreddit and read every top post"
"oh hey there!"
"don't say you've never done it..."
"And it's good for you too!"
"Cant deny it..."
"Reddit today"
"When I realise it's my cake day after a whole day of lurking"
"Pardon me?"
"Been on Reddit everyday for months now. MFW I want to post something funny and realize I have no idea where the post button is..."
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"Fuck this guy"
"Protesting Westboro Baptist Church protest."
"Only one at work and Imgur goes down"
"Every time I see a post from reddit on facebook"
"When I found out my new job has mandatory drug tests..."
"My reaction to the Mass Effect 3 ending..."
"I work at a grocery store and this is my reaction every time I hear them call courtesy to the front to help bag  fellow grocery store employees will understand."
"How I felt when I realized I missed the Zeddie Little AMA"
"How I feel when I come across a surgery/injury photo on r/WTF"
"When I remembered I had to go to the dentist today......."
"My reaction when i looked in the mirror this morning  after shaving my beard.I have made a huge mistake."
"How I feel when I'm already having a shitty week  then my car breaks down."
"Nice try  but you can't mess with Chuck Norris."
"Stupid Teacher. OH SNAP"
"How I feel submitting a repost without knowing"
"As of 2009  this is what the map looks like on human space programs and our reach into outer space."
"You all have to know"
"Gotta.tell.everone"
"Oh the things you find on the internets..."
"Tetris"
"Beating Tetris Like a Boss"
"Hopefully this will bring r/wtf back to what it's supposed to be."
"Can frogs do this?"
"Oh so punny"
"It was a funny little pun"
"It was a just a joke"
"The Scientific Method [PIC]"
"Still one of the funniest things I've seen in my many years on the internet."
"How I feel when they talk about how many Twitter followers the Olympians have."
"4 in real life..."
"Having a cakeday on New Years."
"A little trippy if you ask me"
"I've killed everyone"
"You will upvote this post."
"A little bit suspicious..."
"Well  that's awkward..."
"NFL Lockout Refs Watching the Games"
"&quot;Knock  Knock.&quot; &quot;Who's There?&quot; &quot;Lettuce.&quot; &quot;Lettuce Who?&quot;"
"&quot;Knock  Knock.&quot; &quot;Who's There?&quot; &quot;Lettuce.&quot; &quot;Lettuce Who?&quot;"
"Have you had your daily serving of vegetables?"
"Reddit Queen's Robe"
"Ultimate reddit fashion"
"What the hell Adventure Time?"
"WTF adventure time?!?! (x-post r/gifs)"
"ERMAHGERD MAHRER PERPERNS!"
"Some Parents Can't control themselves at birthday parties"
"Anyone knows the source of this? It looks like it started like a joke but not for one of them..."
":D"
"Apparently some people like to have sex with people like this..."
"I think you should lay off on the MLP"
"What is the source of this gif?"
"Did someone say cake?"
"Mo Farah"
"My feelings after installing Windows 8 and having it crash thrice on the first day"
"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
"Whaaaat."
"This is what I will say just before I die"
"Who else would do this?"
"Man-Baby"
"Baby Belly"
"Mr Baby Man IRL"
"Newly released footage of the iPhone 5 going on sale"
"Oh look  the iPhone 5 is available to buy"
"What I imagine when I hear people waiting in line for the new iphone"
"I will kill you in your sleep..."
"Tell me I'm not wrong when I say this bird looks like he's plotting something evil."
"That awkward feeling when no one responds to your submission..."
"Saw this photograph in a textbook years ago and it's captivated me ever since."
"123"
"What everyone wants"
"well atleast they tried"
"That explains it!"
"Haters gonna hate"
"No Chance!"
"What if your entire room...was a bed."
"I need this in my life"
"Suspicious as hell"
"What kind of job can I get with my psychology degree?"
"What kind of job can I get with my psychology degree?"
"The cone just got funnier"
"FFVII my exact face when it happened."
"How I feel in Europe watching hurricane Sandy unfold."
"Cat Mario 2.0 Gameplay - The troll of gaming (info in comments)"
"Lik dis if u cry erytime"
"makes me crai everytim"
"Orbit"
"The Tribulations of Johannes Kepler"
"Repost  but absolutely hilarious!"
"Milky Way over the water"
"A Milky Way Shadow at Loch Ard Gorge"
"from the sea [NSFW]"
"I can't stop watching [NSFW]"
"from the sea [NSFW] [FIXED]"
"Emotional Scars"
"Emotional Scars"
"Why I love Doug."
"Hates Gonna Hate"
"My favorite aisle at Home Depot"
"Cleanup on Aisle 15!!!"
"They see me rollin"
"So  this was on my Facebook feed..."
"Asians gone wild! (from my feed today)"
"I have no idea what they're doing"
"Wednesday is my Cake Day  but I'll be backpacking in Yosemite with my Daughter. Submitting my upvote whoring image early. Feel free to use it often - it's based on another image I saw on Reddit  but I think the arrows really should go &quot;up&quot;. Enjoy your week!"
"As requested  here is your massive downvote GIF. to go with the upvote gif I used earlier to whore Karma. Use it with pride!!!"
"Roger that  I got up votes inbound! [xpost from r/Air Force]"
"Whenever my friend submits a link"
"How I feel quitting smoking"
"Why hasn't anyone made an ant farm using this trick?"
"What two years of being a Redditor has done to me..."
"What two years of being a Redditor will do to you..."
"this subreddit truly is the only place for this. nsfl"
"Roots"
"Man or woman? White or black...?"
"Three Bird Smiley"
"Timing is everything"
"Smile"
"Probably a doghouse..."
"Dat Ass!"
"Space Shuttle Launch"
"Night Launch of the Space Shuttle Endeavour"
"Endeavor Shuttle"
"Space Shuttle launch  as seen from directly below."
"How I feel at the beginning of a school week"
"Don't mind me just watering the bushes"
"This pug has no regard for authority"
"Peeing with morning wood"
"My kind of handstand."
"My kind of handstand."
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian Request fulfilled"
"I would pay to see this"
"My god...."
"No Fucks Given Whatsoever"
"Kitty used Fury Swipes... It Failed!"
"Extreme Case of Hyperdontia (Excessive teeth) - Mildly NSFL"
"Hyperdontia- having extra teeth"
"No words."
"Popped up on my news feed  gave me tinglies."
"This gif"
"I guess it doesn't really want to eat the taco..."
"Sensual Taco Gorilla"
"Taco taco taco APE"
"I don't even..."
"How it feels to eat and Reddit at the same time"
"No matter how hard you try  this will not reach the frontpage."
"Why would anyone would take the time to make this?"
"Mmmm... Tasty Taco"
"YUpp"
"The universe."
"Batman."
"After viewing /r atheism I realized..."
"Guy eats his own smegma. NSFL"
"This is how I think most Christians see us."
"Monkey gives a prostitute anal with a strap on. (Nsfw)"
"What I thought when I heard people were actually cutting themselves for Bieber."
"Whenever I play Shogun 2 and convert to Christianity."
"To all of those participating in #cutforbieber"
"I'd vote for him"
"I give you the worlds cutest fox."
"History's greatest philosophers."
"What?"
"I have been waiting for this moment for 1 year  1 month  21 days  9 hours and 54 minutes...and I missed it by a millisecond."
"I forgot my stopwatch was still running."
"Reddit  I present to you my greatest accomplishment."
"Reddit  I present to you my greatest accomplishment."
"I started it when I got my phone"
"after nearly three years stop watch finally stops"
"Can someone one up this?"
"By far the most adorable Chung Lee cosplay....ever!!!"
"Malt-Chocolate America"
"Life on the Street"
"This photo feels me with childlike whimsy: Fireflies at dusk. [repost]"
"An Awesome Tiny House"
"I want to be the very best..."
"Gotta catch 'em all  bitch!"
"I wonder what his starters are"
"Saw this on facebook"
"This one always makes me laugh"
"Missing Stapler..."
"I'm not sure what I'm seeing here..."
"Wrinkly seal creature? Those toes..."
"Pretty much sums me up when I get out of a relationship"
"Pretty much sums me up when I get out of a relationship"
"I'm gonna try this"
"So this showed up on my newsfeed. I don't really know what to think. Isn't dressing up just harmless fun? Dressing up as a Gueisha is not stereotyping Asian Culture is it ?"
"We're a culture  not a costume. This is NOT who I am  and this is NOT okay."
"This man was struck by lightening and the scar is amazing  albeit tragic. Known as a Lichtenberg scar."
"A Woman of Many Talents"
"Mr. Wayne"
"walked into a Coca-Cola graduate scheme at uni drinking Pepsi  this is how I felt....."
"Brilliant"
"How I imagine No Fap September enthusiasts"
"When gay people are made fun of."
"Boy brags about his bad driving and Tweets 'YOLO' before dying in a car accident. Natural selection at work."
"When you see it..."
"QWOP!"
"Best cosplay of all fucking time. [Fixed]"
"RL QWOP"
"Anyone who's familiar with QWOP will appreciate this"
"How many cops does it take?"
"Taki Dancing"
"Random mode on imgur finally came through for me."
"Lil' Yoda"
"Feel the force flow through you  you must."
"Plastic alligator on a leash chasing dog."
"bus with sense of humor"
"Sorry."
"Only in Canada..."
"Checkmate  atheists... [x-post from r/classic4chan]"
"Checkmate  Atheists. (x-post from /r/classic4chan)"
"How I feel when anon posts about a ?/10 girlfriend. Like you even have one."
"i can tell this is going to spread quickly like nigel thornberry"
"Bloody brilliant design!"
"they said  &quot;may contain nuts &quot; they said..."
"Diets.."
"&quot;May contain traces of nuts&quot;"
"The reason why i hate Facebook"
"i hope they give out lotion samples.."
"My buddy is about to have a baby and he sent me this heart warming photo."
"Um   NO  Facebook friend   your anatomy is incorrect"
"This showed up on my newsfeed. Am I the only one that finds this creepy?"
"No  those are your lungs."
"Well  at least you were born..."
"On this day of my reddit birthday  i realised i have nothing original to post  so here is my favorite"
"T-Rex High Heels"
"Walk the dinosaur"
"Possibly best high heels ever!"
"After reading/seeing the crazy pcp homeless man face eating incident in FLA  this needs to happen.."
"Just in time for election."
"Neat wallpaper for Bioshock fans"
"My current wallpaper"
"Don't forget about your knives kids."
"Sleepy (Koala) Bear"
"Bedsheet cat"
"She earned it."
"Spotted: fat cat of Wall St."
"Elect FatCat 2012"
"It's my cakeday. here's a cat rolling in money"
"Pimpin' Ain't Easy."
"Cat + Money."
"Marlon Brando with his laptop and cat"
"Good morning  time for a stretch..."
"ROFLMAO!"
"That is one happy-ass seal!"
"Jason Segel explains what the muppets are like off camera."
"Jason Segel explains what the muppets are like off camera."
"One of best pictures on the internet"
"like a fucking boss"
"We heard your mother lost 100 pounds  congratulations!"
"Justin Biebers girlfriend"
"Ladies and Gentlemen. May I present to you a timeless classic in an even more timeless form."
"Forsooth  a noble waltz!"
"This seems like a good place for this"
"Strange Street-Art"
"Strange Streetart by Mehmet Ali Uysal in Liege  Belgium"
"How I feel in the morning"
"This is how i feel today! (x-post from /r/reactiongifs)"
"How you doin'?"
"Tracy Morgan: Grammar Police"
"I know this is a repost but I wanted to share that I just said it to my professor"
"She can turn gay guys straight"
"Googled &quot;GGG&quot;. Not what I expected. [x-post from r/funny]"
"Ggggggg"
"Googled &quot;GGG&quot;. Not what I expected."
"How i look when watching a horror movie with girls as something &quot;scary&quot; is shown"
"Has anyone the source of this gif?"
"My response to /r/penis"
"Oh my God! What the fuck!?.....*niiice*"
"My all-time favorite...I would really like to know what they saw."
"Real difference between guys and girls."
"How I felt when my college professor said that our governor  Rick Perry  is a terrible governor"
"4chan compared to the rest of the internet"
"Whenever I visit r/WTF [FIXED]"
"My reaction to hearing about Rosie O'Donnell having a heart attack"
"Sometimes on r/WTF..."
"Fly Butt"
"lol yeah right [x-post from r/trees"
"You will never get this lucky"
"today is the greatest"
"Win!"
"Whenever I submit a new post"
"Hey look!"
"I did Nazi that one coming."
"Laziness Level: Reddit"
"I don't always repost"
"I don't always repost but when I do"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"so apparently it's National Cat Day  as it is almost Halloween I decided I should post something from the best of both worlds  so here you go"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"This Owl..."
"Me with Jehovah's witnesses are at my door."
"What movie is this .gif from?"
"When I heard Americans don't get free healthcare and education"
"When you realize your two favorite video games are coming out within a week of each other"
"real men drink real beer. sorry Stella."
"Why I love Newcastle Brown Ale"
"Billboard win"
"Looking for something to eat when roommate walks in with pizza"
"When I see one of my first submissions reach the front page of 'Gifs'"
"Best.Abattoir.Ever."
"Robotic cow washer pleases dirty cow. That is all."
"Silly dog"
"Jesus dog didn't died for your sins."
"My childhood"
"Still gets me everytime"
"How I feel passing a final I didn't study for"
"This face swap creeps me out..."
"it has no end"
"POWERS COMBINED"
"By your powers combine..."
"I was watching the news when suddenly..."
"xpost from r/wtf. I thought it belonged here."
"meanwhile in texas..."
"Fuck you BAT............."
"These are some great criminals"
"I work in IT. When someone calls bitching about a problem  this is really what is going on on the other end of the phone."
"Oh Andrew  you so silly."
"Arrggghhhhaaaaaaaaarrrrrooohhh... Yes."
"MFW my teacher in elementary school would lecture me about cleaning up my attitude"
"MRW I am being told something I already know"
"This might be the cutest thing I've ever seen"
"Just a tea-cup pig. Tell me this isn't cute."
"Having a shit day  couldn't find the gif for it. So I made one. Happy cake day to me."
"I just sent this picture to my BF who has been in Afghanistan for the last 5 months. I'm a horrible person."
"LOL u guys r idiots"
"How did she even get into college?"
"Where the hell can I find this?"
"Chezebrelephaffe"
"Like A Sir!"
"When someone you’ve never talked to before asks you for a piece of gum:"
"Whenever my ex asks me for anything"
"How I feel when I post something I think is hilarious and instead gets downvoted into oblivion."
"How I feel when I submit a post and receive one single downvote."
"When I know someones online and they don't reply to me."
"When I See My Ex Across the Street (fixed)"
"If you downvoted me for calling someone awesome  I have a present for you."
"How I feel when I see somebody has a first post on the front page"
"my reaction to can i borrow some money"
"What are you doing?"
"Cute as fuck."
"A hoot in a hat... For my Reddit Birthday."
"Hoot in Hat"
"Sweet Hootie"
"Knock Knock  who's there? FREEDOM."
"Turtle vs Strawberry"
"tiny turtle attacks bit strawberry"
"Turtle nom!"
"I need to avoid viewing new challenges like this and getting overwhelmed before I even start"
"nomnomnom"
"The Birthday Skeleton"
"and a one and a two..."
"And a one  and a two..."
"Me dancing at my upcoming wedding..."
"Strawbs."
"When I see the r/aww posts with dogs confessing"
"new drug mascot?"
"P. Diddy baffled..."
"It comes in 1?!"
"The best dog costume ever!!"
"Like a boss"
"What really happened to Whitney..."
"COCAINE"
"....and we have a winner"
"Do want."
"Why I love Winnie the Pooh"
"It's my birthday!"
"What the Customer Actually Wanted"
"My type of back to school!"
"Useful ?"
"Come at me  bro!"
"Can not unsee."
"Peekabo"
"How to find a lesbian."
"What did she see?!!! O0"
"I've tried to submit original content. I give up. Here some more nonsense to muddy the water."
"When a torrent gets to 1.0Mb/s"
"Feeding time!"
"I think Im pregnant?"
"Forever Alone Towel"
"forever alone::level shower"
"Just some bath towels for a Forever Aloner"
"my dog an hors playing togethr"
"hahaha oh wait"
"This is called humanity ."
"Beard mentor needed"
"Hey you!!! Ya you with the beard...."
"Classic Simpson logic"
"Classic Chief Wiggum"
"Zzzz"
"Reddit  meet Mad Max"
"Uhh  I guess you can sleep there..."
"Doggy &quot;bed in breakfast&quot;"
"How i feel I walk when hot girls pass by."
"How is this a thing?"
"Thirsty?"
"Squidward on the music industry."
"Don't be shy."
"A Happy and Healthy . . ."
"God of Fertility"
"My friend recently starting dating this girl and they made it &quot;Facebook official.&quot; My other friend commented on the status with this:"
"Upvote building"
"Reddit HQ"
"Upvote building"
"I do not believe they are that good."
"When you see it…"
"The Mountain Lion"
"My dancing after a few drinks."
"I see your Marilyn Monroe gif and raise you a Marlon Brando gif."
"Probably the most reposted gif on this sub  but in case you forgot how beautiful this man is  here's a reminder (Marlon Brando)."
"How I feel when I see a link with the title &quot;How I feel/felt when etc blah blah blah&quot;"
"When I see that the $200 textbook is optional."
"Hey Reddit  what are your best GIFs to response to anyone's question/comments? heres mine."
"My reaction when they cut to the other player in the watch dogs trailer."
"My reaction [6+] when someone suggests going to get munchies..."
"Thanks for cancelling classes today Isaac"
"You did not see that coming"
"My turn!"
"Wait for it..."
"Insane climber [gif]"
"When I Found /r/curvy"
"Is it cool if I park my squid here?"
"This is how you protest [Fixed]"
"The only way the religious should protest a blasphemous film [x-post from r/ireland]"
"Who said there was no &quot;I&quot; in team?"
"The &quot;i&quot; in team"
"Enjoy! This should get tons of photoshop attention!"
"I need to know what this is from."
"Interesting way to celebrate"
"Is this really how black people drink juice?"
"Aw yeah."
"that escalated quickly"
"In the gay way."
"Bow-bow-bow-bow"
"SHAKE IT!"
"Meanwhile on television..."
"Oh  baby..."
"Baby got back!"
"USA! USA! USA!"
"DAT MURICAN ASS"
"America the beautiful"
"The best part is when he yanks them out of his pockets  pulls the pins  and throws them at oncoming enemies"
"This isn't my apex."
"what i do in my spare time"
"Bake me a Cake."
"Sax Gandalf"
"Frients and i listening to music at a [8] (xpost from gifsound)"
"Just listened to this for a couple hours.."
"Ganfalf - What is Love"
"Checkmate atheists? (second coming of Christ)"
"Rocks are not home pets and should be kept in the wild."
"Bad rock."
"Pet rock."
"Bad rock!"
"I swear this happened to me once.."
"How I feel when I aim to be a little cheeky  then totally offend someone (usually a woman) on FB."
"After not fapping for a month"
"Now that no fap September is over."
"Now that no fap September is over."
"this one time at rope camp...."
"The best part of coming home from college"
"A motto to live by"
"Guys  I've found a redditor on tumblr."
"Who needs swag?"
"Swag"
"Truer words have never been spoken"
"QUICK! Grab my hand!"
"You're too high!"
"When a puppy experiences snow for the first time"
"Can't decide if this dog is being lazy or efficient."
"For my first cakeday  here's my favorite gif  ever."
"A real page-turner"
"If only FaceBook meant what it sounds like..."
"In bewbs we trust"
"Pics from around the Absecon Island  from Atlantic City to Longport. Ventnor Heights is completely under water."
"Hurricane Sandy hasn't completely hit and already my island is taking a beating"
"Pics of the Absecon Island  Atlantic City to Longport. Ventnor Heights is under water. x-post r/sandy"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"This guy. [at Dragon Con]"
"Dragon Con cosplay [x-post /r/WTF]"
"Why do I feel this guy came from 4chan..."
"found this guy at r/WTF ... the answer is yes"
"It'd be a crime not to share."
"Rainbow Tongue"
"It was cute  for about 2.5 seconds."
"Sarchasm"
"Sieg Heil Bitches!"
"The horrors of reincarnation"
"How science must be used to solve the puzzle"
"Nom nom nom"
"And that's got to be the craziest face swap ever &quot;fixed&quot;"
"USA! USA! USA! USA!"
"Panda Gymnastics"
"Panda Slide"
"When I see that I've reached my first 100 karma"
"When I find an asshole former teacher on the sex offender registry"
"ONE HOUR!"
"Epic Ninja Cat"
"One of the best multiplayer games [FIXED]"
"What happens when I have a good idea to post and I think it'll get to the front page."
"One does not simply QWOP a ball"
"Every time I have a good idea for a post"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on Stupid Design"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on Intelligent Design"
"Stupid Design"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on Intelligent Design."
"A platypus running"
"Perry the Platypus running"
"Perry the Platypus"
"I hit puberty really really early! (Mustache pacifier)"
"History of Mac Gaming"
"This is a test. Please do not upvote."
"Dedication Through Ignorance"
"What a great idea."
"Existentialist Dog"
"That guy deserves a medal"
"Mean husky"
"MEOW"
"Scariest monster as a kid"
"Ludacris  Move bitch!"
"OH NO! The fights out...."
"My First world Problem"
"Great! The USA is awake."
"Reddit is so cute"
"How I know it's Monday..."
"Well... My day just opened up..."
"The worst thing to see after a long day of work."
"the guy with the hammer looks really really sad. He made me not spam F5."
"Hans Zimmer's studio  that is all"
"Tap me on the shoulder or something"
"&quot;Stop.&quot;"
"Stephen Colbert Good Guy"
"It's too perfect (catgroove)"
"She should probably moooooove."
"BIG BEAR"
"&quot;There is no limit to how much money I'll spend on my album cover. Go crazy with it.&quot;"
"Random on imgur never dissapoints"
"i keep it real too"
"Nice E-Reader"
"keep it real"
"Fuck this."
"Nice shirt  buddy..."
"Hawaiian shirt level: Pakistan"
"Dinosaur extinction explained (Jurassic Park completely recontextualized)"
"The Bible Explains What Happened to the Dinosaurs--and It Isn't Pretty"
"So you thought driving with your elbows was bad..."
"Driving &amp; Shaving Don't Mix"
"All I can think when EVERY woman lists herself as &quot;active&quot; or &quot;athletic&quot; in an online profile..."
"My &quot;sister's&quot; cat has amazing eyes."
"I just googled &quot;cat&quot;"
"Home"
"Belongs here"
"Saving water"
"Throwing cars"
"He grew up so fast . . ."
"Get in here... [GIF]"
"Hey You  Come Here For A Second"
"Dog rapist."
"Rapedog"
"Backdoor Chicken x Dog Bestiality. The Internet has everything."
"So dogs can be bestial rapists too..."
"Oops  missed a comma there.."
"Why commas make a difference"
"The difference a comma makes"
"Editors these days"
"Biff!... Baff!... Gurble-flurble-urble"
"Push it to the limit."
"It had to be done."
"fun at the lake"
"Rocking the boat."
"Rammstein Party Boat"
"Sleepovers when I was little"
"Louis CK just hanging out"
"I've been seeing alot of reposting recently. In an unrelated note  check out what I painted yesterday."
"Can't work on an empty stomach"
"ummm... what. the..."
"Someone posted this outside one of the labs at Georgia Tech"
"Someone posted this outside one of the labs at Georgia Tech"
"I must go. Tony Hawk's home planet needs me."
"I must go  my people need me"
"He'll return to us one day."
"Reverse tentacle rape"
"Dancing in the Rain"
"I truly cannot think of a title. NSFW"
"Mussolini's Fascist Headquarters"
"Sink Cat is Thirsty"
"be thirsty my friend"
"Y U NO LET THE WATER RUNNING?"
"Everytime I walk into the bathroom I see him doing this."
"Every single time I enter the bathroom  my cat is doing this..."
"I always knew my girlfriends cat was a bit odd but not this odd..."
"Never Forget."
"Only 650000000BC kids will get this!"
"Never forget."
"med school insanity"
"Finally  I can get on board with yolo"
"New definition of badass"
"Dat Concentration"
"Slow-Mo Swat"
"Bane's Auto Wash"
"My friend dared me to draw bane today  challenge accepted!"
"The only way to destroy it."
"Facebook  why?"
"how i generally feel on reddit"
"Made me tear up... a guide dog meeting Pluto at Disneyland."
"Adorable! Guide dog meets Pluto at Disneyland. (xpost from r/aww)"
"I saw this and thought it belonged here..."
"Classy Spiderman"
"The perfect reporter for the job"
"Yo dawg"
"Australian news stations know which reporters to send on location"
"Amyception"
"No Fap September is going to be rough...."
"When I click new"
"Gettin' real tired of your shit."
"We are all sick of Nancy's shit"
"Better cut the s**t Nancy"
"ramen"
"Ever thought of that  Atheists?"
"You got me there"
"The infalliable truth"
"This gun needs a plane"
"Sky below  Earth above."
"Like a bus"
"eff traffic"
"Exactly what i think when i'm on a bus."
"I'm a bus! I'm a bus! Aww man.."
"If you rode a bus to work today..."
"I'm a bus  I'm a bus..."
"I am a bus"
"saw on imgur made me laugh"
"The best kind of breakfast"
"Yuuuuuup"
"Donut?"
"Delicious"
"Eating at a [9]"
"wat"
"what you see here is umm yaa.."
"That O face"
"Just eating a doughnut."
"WTF: Baby Predator Monkey?!?!?!"
"Oh  it appears I'm controller 1... PEW PEW PEW!!"
"Global Warming"
"The day r/trees and r/gaming combined"
"Imagine... No Religion"
"Imagine No Religion (a reminder for today) - [repost]"
"You're Next! (Found in a CPR class handbook)"
"Damn Dad!"
"/b/'s election predictions"
"/b/'s election predictions (x-post from r/4chan)"
"Woke up this morning expecting blue links to Reddits usual Romney-hate threads... Woke up to what George Bush did right?"
"Woke up this morning expecting blue links to Reddits usual Romney-hate threads... Woke up to what George Bush did right?"
"I must go my people need me!"
"I'll race you!! (x-post from r/funny)"
"I am all for this"
"Oppa Gangnam Style"
"I missed my cakeday and this is the .gif I was going to share while I still had a cake by my name."
"Dat ass..."
"That is one big-ass hot air balloon"
"Hot Air Balloon... wtf?"
"OMG  this is a huge ass  wait a sec..."
"waking up and finding out class is cancelled"
"It must have."
"My first month on reddit would have gone a whole lot better if I were given this advice."
"Saw this in the local club production facebook."
"Friend of a friend of a friend sent this over to me...I can't think of a creative enough caption."
"The real reason we all need to stop using emoticons"
"Romney's Underwear are Chinese Counterfeits"
"Gomie says it's time to regulate. Mount up."
"Hey!"
"Gomie at the Roxbury"
"&quot;Hey&quot;"
"Gomie's rollin in the riches"
"Whenever I try and give women my &quot;sexy look&quot;"
"Orange you glad I didn't say banana?"
"So this is my home town right now"
"Wild Fire in Eastern Washington"
"Rugby team initiation haircut... shithead?"
"Rugby team at my school gives the rookies haircuts before their first match  this one was called shit head.."
"Thats a shitty haircut."
"What a shitty haircut...."
"I WANT out"
"Not sure if..."
"I hear its good cooking"
"The best math teacher I ever had."
"This makes my OCD tingle."
"Best way to text troll"
"Restroom prank"
"sorry ladies"
"Just stepped outside after the Steam sale ended"
"I don't always stand up too fast  but when I do..."
"A brief message from Rashad Evans."
"Bring it on."
"Oh  Marissa!"
"Just got added to a new class 3 weeks into school..."
"Writing with a pen after years on the internet..."
"Sitting in on a friends class"
"Ahahahaha"
"Probably my favorite picture on the internet"
"Jesus Saves..."
"Don't dance on the highway"
"Posts on Reddit constantly remind me how true this is."
"Every time I see a post reminding me to get off reddit go do what I'm supposed to be doing."
"As an Australian on Reddit during the U.S election."
"Even more rare than the Golden Tiger...The Maltese Tiger aka the Blue Tiger  thought to be extinct."
"Gorgeous Maltese Tiger"
"Romney and Obama's Dark Secrets"
"if obama and Romney had an anime show..."
"This one looks good."
"Communist Mario"
"Chihuahuas sure love salsa"
"When no one shows up to my party"
"Yo quiero salir de fiesta!"
"An Irish Jig"
"Ay  sexy lady"
"First attempt"
"Disco Music"
"MFW I'm the only person left alive after a huge teamfight."
"It fits so well"
"Chihuahua Doing The Twist"
"Diplo Dog"
"Tiny Dog Dancer"
"Bossa Nova Bow-Wow"
"shake  shake  shake senora"
"Party Hard."
"No good title. Just a good mashup."
"yo quiero chiquicha"
"Swingin' dog."
"Classy as fuck."
"Surprise!!"
"When I hear my favorite song come on  on the radio"
"One of my favorite GIFs. I have more fun than I should."
"Cursor disco"
"Cursor disco"
"when I'm feeling down..."
"Didn't think this was getting properly appreciated on Facebook"
"Some faith in humanity."
"When I Still Have Time Left in an Exam  But I Have Nothing Left to Say"
"Feels like today needs a little Ron Swanson."
"How I felt after buying my first Mechanical Keyboard"
"How I felt after buying my first Mechanical Keyboard (xpost from /r/hardware)"
"Tree Tunnel"
"Ukraine's tunnel of love"
"Where is your God now?"
"Look deeply into my eyes"
"You'll never go back."
"Sometimes we get a bit sidetracked"
"meanwhile  at the construction site"
"So this is a chair I found on Craigslist.... Wtf?"
"Trouble falling asleep? Count sheep."
"Just had my first ever 'Take 5' Candy Bar"
"Me after learning Cleopatra was actually Greek"
"When I realized Jimmy Neutron was meant to promote science"
"seems legit"
"I wanna milk you all over..."
"I showed up to my new jobs orientation on time to find out that the first hour is optional breakfast"
"Do you pee in the shower?"
"AAAHHHHH....MOOOOO"
"Come to think of it..."
"And yet  here we are..."
"Ah Modern Medicine"
"Advances in medicine."
"The first all nuclear task group... CVN-65 Enterprise  CGN-9 Long Beach and DLGN-25 Bainbridge  1964.[800x592]"
"This is amazing"
"Mexico border used as volleyball net in Arizona."
"Now I just need to find the right time to post this on Facebook..."
"Whenever my theist family has a discussion with me and they bring up their arguments"
"Googled all these &quot;googled&quot; threads and got this .gif"
"Most of the stories on f7u12...[x-post from gifs]"
"When you've misplaced your phone"
"When you feel crumbs on your bed."
"Michael Clark Duncan dies of heat attack"
"We lost a truly talented guy today."
"R.I.P."
"Micheal Clarke Duncan has died today due to heart problems. Rest in Peace  Gentle Giant  Rest in Peace."
"When someone offers me some of there dessert"
"WHAT THE FUCK THAT BITCH JUST GRABBED IT I MEAN HE JUST GRABBED IT"
"You can't make him drink either.."
"Get well soon"
"Popped up on my Facebook feed"
"How I feel trying to cheer up my friend after his girlfriend dumped him..."
"i'm a bunny"
"Asking for head from you GF"
"Overreaction maybe?"
"Options  he had none."
"Shot of Sandy approaching New York"
"Another crazy shot of Sandy approaching New York"
"Craziest picture I've seen of Sandy"
"Craziest picture I've seen of Sandy"
"perfect tribute."
"Sometime today  it'll happen to you"
"Mimes and shit."
"Columbus Day"
"True"
"Sounds like a pretty rough life"
"Zach Braff knows how to keep redditors happy"
"TuckerMax on Adele"
"FREE BREADSTICKS!"
"Rover shout out"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on hurricane sandy"
"Reddits new #1 most wanted"
"Seems About Right"
"Mad Flavor"
"Awkward names."
"Well guys  I think he's gonna make it through this!"
"My exact argument for religious people. (X-post from r/atheism)"
"Oh  Woody...no...just...no. WTF?"
"My First Post."
"CAT. CAT. CAT. CAT."
"Cat! Cat! Cat! Cat!"
"Who Said It? Mitt Romney vs Mr. Burns"
"Who said it? Mitt Romney vs Mr. Burns"
"Burns vs Romney-Who said it?"
"A quiz"
"Who said it? The Romeny and Burns edition."
"Who said it? Mitt Romney or Mr. Burns?"
"Supercell thunderstorm forming into a wall cloud"
"How I feel when I run out of Soda"
"How I feel when Reddit is down all day."
"Men in the baby food department!"
"Go swag somewhere else douchebag"
"Pretty much my reaction to everything now..."
"The musty mountains cold"
"Mario doesn't GAF."
"The Great Leader Gotta Catch 'Em All"
"Kim Jong-Ill &amp; Pikachu = BFF &lt;3"
"Seems Appropriate (X-post from r/pics)"
"Came across this deep into google image search results. Not quite what I was looking for  but hey!"
"RIP Washy =("
"This goes along with pretty much any song. [Fixed]"
"As a Big man  I wanna dance like this"
"If this lived at my house I'd stay home and stare at it all day."
"Knowing your comment will get tons of downvotes..."
"How I felt after explaining how the Sun works to my little cousin. Her mother is super Christian and thinks the earth is only 6000 years old."
"Derpsi"
"PEPSI EVERYWHERE"
"Still my favorite gif ever."
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"You have no idea how much joy this picture has brought to my life"
"My face when I'm waiting for guildwars2 Halloween"
"A picture of a sunset  on Mars."
"In response to all these country photos  This is Mars"
"Blue Sunset on Mars [pic]"
"WHOOPSIE!!"
"The Bible's Confusing  Ain't it?"
"When you really go through it..."
"Still one of my favorite C&amp;Hs."
"Chinese what?"
"It's my dot!"
"My boyfriend comes back in a week after we've been separated for over 3 months. This will be us every 5 freakin' minutes for at least a week."
"Aziz Ansari in Iron Man 3"
"Rent-a-Swag Ironman Suit?"
"LA Noire on Easy Mode"
"Rules? I'm 5  let's just build it."
"Cuteness overload"
"One day... I'll be a unicorn."
"textbook family.."
"Cumming back from their trip!"
"Just a basket of Awwww..."
"First thing I thought of when I woke up today  my last day of Summer."
"Our place in the universe."
"We're where  again? Some perspective."
"The Observable Universe (Click image to zoom in)"
"The observable universe [fixed]"
"Earth and the observable universe [3850 x 1925]"
"Earth's Huge Dent in the Universe"
"go get the ball sparky!"
"Little black dog and the red ball (fixed)"
"Ziggs  every time he puts down his Satchel Charge..."
"How I feel leaving ebaumsworld to come to reddit"
"Whenever people use an English stereotype"
"Parenting"
"Lion given to the swedish king in 1731 by the bey of Algeria  now stuffed and to be found at the Gripsholm Castle"
"Sweden´s first stuffed lion"
"When I got my first laptop"
"When I got my first laptop..."
"When i got my first computer"
"My Sense of Humour"
"After Reddit  this is my sense of humor"
"I have to admit I didn't see him either"
"Kitten with tiny things."
"Watermelons doing here? I asked for Oranges."
"Otter Eating Watermelon - FIXED"
"started my weight loss shakes today"
"You disgust me"
"Squidworld2 (another Sponge Bob + Familiar Faces)"
"Now he never makes a sound."
"Life"
"The little kid covers his ears like he knows the cake is about to explode"
"Happy birthday to you! Happy birAHHHHHHH OMG!!!"
"Happy Birthday Dad !"
"John Pike wishes you a happy birthday"
"Caution: Flammable [gif]"
"Subway uses midgets to make their sandwiches look bigger?"
"cross post from /r/gifs &quot;Henry Sheen&quot;"
"First time I legitimately laughed at a .gif in awhile"
"That's why the Henry Hoover is smiling all the time"
"Dammit Henry! [FIXED]"
"When i turned 16"
"When someone tells me to get a job"
"How I feel when somebody tells me to get a job."
"How I feel when someone tells me to get a job."
"When my parents tell my teenage ass to get a job."
"When I complain about my job  and someone tells me &quot;Just find a new one.&quot;"
"This gif is damn near my reaction to every time someone asks me why I don't have a 'real job' yet."
"What I think of every time I hear Clark's BCJobs Plan mentioned...."
"Quack Quack."
"When people repost the same stuff over and over"
"The Thesaurus"
"How I am when playing sports."
"Reddit  I'm going back to school...(pic)"
"I see your confused backpack and raise you this..."
"Nice Backpack?"
"Probably the best Craigslist ad ever"
"So I was looking for a car on Craigslist..."
"Jesus Tap-Dancing Christ!"
"Jesus Tap-Dancing Christ!"
"Grand am... Found on craigslist"
"The Catholic Church is embracing its new marketing slogan"
"They swallow and follow  alright."
"I thought this was hilarious (probably a re-post)"
"I'd say this about sums it up"
"Silly Internet Explorer"
"Internet Bullying?"
"Internet Browsers."
"I think this sums it up quite nicely (not sure if re-post)"
"Internet browsers summed up"
"&quot;I just want to dance...&quot;"
"The Salsa Dog"
"Hot Salsa Dog"
"I swear... every time I take her to the dog park"
"The Salsa Dog Needs to Pee!!"
"I like to.. move it."
"When the music plays  you gotta dance."
"When the music plays  you gotta dance. [gif]"
"Space Shuttle Discovery Launch in 1984"
"To Space."
"OMG Kitten! Yes.. Kitten.. reddit.."
"Cat's are really Samurai"
"I see you tried to drop drawn ninjas on me huh"
"Er'body was kung fu fighting"
"Hey wanna play-eh where you go ?"
"what a game !!"
"Silly Horse"
"Haters gonna...Uh-oh..."
"Every time I want to look good..."
"Haters gonna  ooohh shit."
"The one gif that always make me smile for you on my cakeday"
"haters gonna-shit!"
"i could be wrong but this looks like a horse slipping on ice"
"This showed up in my news feed. Was about to ignore it when I saw the last panel."
"it's things like these that piss me off"
"Facebook in one picture."
"3.5 billion years of evolution in one graphic."
"3.5 billion years of evolution. one graphic."
"Woot motherfucker woot"
"Dancing cool!!"
"8 mile"
"He's a woman's man"
"/r/atheism is going to get us all blown up"
"Around the world"
"Web Bear runs off the buss"
"Bite the pillow"
"Remember the old family cat you thought &quot;ran away&quot;?.... It didnt"
"The Enigma that is Cake Day posting material."
"yay pokemon! ... wait  what?"
"found this great picture on facebook"
"Pacifier? I cannot be pacified!"
"Katjinga  an 8yo Rhodesian ridgeback  adopted an abandoned pot-bellied piglet in August 2009."
"Big dog  small pig =P"
"Shit. Just realized it's 11:11 and just realized it's my reddit birthday. Here  have a cute animal."
"Red Panda licking a Grape"
"Baby red panda"
"This is an old pic  but I still love it."
"Wendy's sonnnn!"
"Wendy's SonNnNnNnN"
"please  you ugly anyway"
"A better picture of my penis-cicle I found growing beneath a dripping spigot."
"hipster glasses"
"Christmas Presents!"
"I know your secret!"
"Daddy's little secret"
"Worst Daughter Ever [FB]"
"This is how I react to a repost."
"My reaction to seeing my boyfriend's porn collection..."
"That moment when someone you just met finds you on Facebook"
"When i drop my phone and it bounces but doesn't smash into bits.."
"My 1st post made it to the front page?!"
"How i feel after i poured a drink way too strong"
"My dad sat down to watch me play Dead Space 2 for the first time last night. This was him"
"How I felt when I found out my boss goes on reddit:"
"When my lifelong friend showed me her first amateur porn tape"
"MFW i come home from work and discover reddit was down"
"Cat's saying: Oh so you wish are in here  don't you?"
"Who's at the door?"
"Kitty made a new friend..."
"C-C-C-Combo Breaker!!!"
"Handgun in a pool"
"How I feel on Sunday morning when I didnt go out the night before and everyone else did. [FIXED]"
"MY favorite .gif (jessica alba included)"
"Jessica Alba finger sucking."
"First thing I do whenever I'm home alone for a weekend"
"Got dressed for work today  but then realized it was a holiday  walked back to my room and.."
"mashing F5"
"Christian logic"
"Yeah?"
"How I dance in the shower."
"Oh my... [4:10]"
"Saxophone troll"
"This dopest walrus [Fixed]"
"George Walrus"
"Cantina Walrus"
"The Dopest Walrus (FIXED)"
"X gifsound"
"The dopest walrus"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"SAXOPHONES ARE FUNKAY"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"Saw this gif and had to make this instantly."
"The dopest walrus [fixed]"
"Dopest Walrus in the Galaxy"
"Walrus Steps"
"Cantina Walrus"
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"Calvin &amp; Hobbes: That time of year again"
"A cute wee highland coo."
"A recap of Taken  for those of you on your way to see Taken 2"
"Gun Control"
"A big round of applause for Texas"
"A big round of applause for Texas"
"Only in Idaho"
"GOD BLESS TEXAS!!"
"Dubai  UAE"
"My God Harry."
"Look who won the Taylor Swift contest"
"This must be rigged. What happened to Horace Mann School for the Deaf?"
"I saw this on my feed after the debates."
"&quot;This Mutherfuckas name is Mitt!&quot;"
"Why proper apostrophe use is important."
"Better late then never  my giftee is getting this ^_^"
"The perfect way to complete that Jesus riding a dinosaur costume"
"BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL"
"What rain looks from a plane"
"this is what rain looks like in the air"
"I searched &quot;Just kidding gif&quot;  this was the second result."
"Relevant in just about everything"
"I fixed the original by ruining it"
"Me when reading the news of an alleged Minka Kelly sex tape"
"my reaction when i found out i got a 4.0 this semseter"
"When I'm watching Say Yes to the Dress and I hear what her budget is"
"My first time at the Strip Club"
"Laughed a bit too hard at this"
"All of your wildest dreams will come true."
"When you go to vote remember to..."
"Mind Blown [FIXED]"
"I think this would improve any city."
"Question Everything"
"Question Everything?"
"Some of the gems my friend has posted on facebook lately...."
"I want to go higher!"
"Pikachu on steroids"
"Pokemon: The Christian Playthrough"
"My friend Seth sent me this  I thought it belonged here."
"The true way to play Pokemon"
"Pokemon (xpost r/gaming)"
"Christian Pokemon!"
"Tigers are big pussies"
"Damn bird."
"I googled &quot;ugliest person ever.&quot; I got this."
"up up down down pullover pullover left right select start."
"The Holy Grail of gifts from grandma!"
"You will never own this  and I'm sorry."
"How I feel watching a Facebook argument full of ignorant  incorrect claims."
"Me  waiting for Forbes response to The Oatmeal's response to Forbes rebuttal of The Oatmeal's Tesla comic."
"how I feel whenever a douche bag in my physics class tries to stump the professor"
"Well that's one way to get back at her..."
"I LOVE PEANUTS"
"Baby Harp Seal"
"Fantastic parenting."
"Nice socks"
"Just a man surfing with his alpaca"
"One year ago today I was stabbed and nearly died. I woke up in the hospital a few days later to find this."
"5 dollars from Gryffindor"
"Snape's first attempt at achieving world domination"
"Found this in my change. It's a sign...Snape's alive!"
"Albino koala."
"sleeping koala."
"Just an armful of kittens"
"cuteness overload"
"Idiot people Idiot things"
"A bunch of kittens."
"When somebody downvotes one of my actually good posts"
"Nickleback's Hair"
"Why is this picture terrifying me?"
"This photo never fails to make me laugh"
"I miss the old Mario Party"
"Luigi wins by doing nothing"
"Smooth"
"like nothing happened"
"Just keep on dancing"
"What should I do?"
"I will miss this magnificent guy."
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan  will never forget John Coffey"
"Looks like it's time to watch this movie again. RIP Michael Clarke Duncan  age 54 (heart attack)."
"How to grow &amp; harvest garlic"
"Nope. Just Nope."
"Trypophobia  anyone?"
"googled raptor and this was the 7th pic..."
"Okay  now I'm confused."
"Searched &quot;WTF&quot; on google and this came up..."
"I can only imagine how much fun my boyfriend would have with this."
"Awesome"
"Forgetting your ipod was on blast..."
"Everybody FREEZE  I dropped a contact!"
"WAIT!"
"&quot;You shall not pass!&quot;"
"Let me sing you the song of my people"
"Balls mixed"
"I Just Saw You Naked..."
"I can still hear you with one ear  see you with one eye"
"I almost died laughing. [PIC] [Breaking Bad]"
"Romney is next"
"Every time someone posts a pic of ticks clustered together"
"so i happened upon /r/picsofdeadkids today..."
"Lifelong training."
"Awesome view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Higher  higher  higher!! Too high.."
"Jesus (Cristo Redentor) statue in Rio de Janeiro get overhaul by elderly woman."
"Don't act like your not impressed."
"Patrick Stewart hates fatties."
"My favorite gif by far."
"my favorite gif of all time (FIXED)"
"BANG BANG!"
"A gentle let down."
"Why bees make no sense"
"Bill Cosby shaking his head"
"Oh inappropriate Legos !"
"I hope she washed her hands after they finished."
"someone enjoys r/wtf more than we do..."
"When you park too close to the wrong person."
"When you see it..."
"Took me awhile. Then longer to change underwear. Now I can't sleep."
"When you see it..."
"Panacea [gif]"
"The 'ol switcharoo"
"my nana"
"Watch out  we got a granny over here!"
"What I feel like doing when some know-it-all downvotes my advice"
"My first gif in honor of all the know-it-alls who downvote my amazing advice."
"He just wants to love you"
"Typical horror movie kill scene - now with more downvotes"
"Downvoting the rare occasional submission in a tiny subreddit"
"A life lesson brought to you by Ron Swanson"
"Ron on best friends"
"As 21 year old kid who worked everyday as far back as I can remember I believe Ron Swanson is right!"
"I hope this pending bacon shortage is a joke but just in case..."
"Teach a man to fish"
"Ron Swanson's first job"
"How I feel when someone uses a Family Guy picture to express their reaction to something."
"Deal with it"
"Deal with it"
"Today on the east coast"
"Cat irritated by Bieber"
"Mindblowing Mount Rainier Shadow"
"Mindblowing Shadow  Mount Rainier  WA [3968x2232]"
"Mother of all shadows."
"Monday..."
"monday..."
"When I think a clever comment is going to get me some karma and no one upvotes it"
"To people who speed up when I put my blinker on"
"A reminder of the humbling power of mother nature"
"Amazing lighting storm"
"In Mexico  you know what they call Twinkies? Los submarinos (and they are still available in several different flavors)"
"The next best thing."
"&quot;Get under the spout...&quot;"
"So that's where it comes from..."
"Seems legit...."
"Get it? ORAL Roberts..."
"Oh  it's my cake day?"
"How I feel pouring my heart into posts  only to get downvoted to oblivion."
"Had a staff meeting today when tomorrow is my last shift"
"Whenever someone complains about the way I do something and fixes it without being asked."
"Hong Kong skyline"
"Hong Kong Skyline at night"
"Icelandic"
"Eyesland"
"OM NOM NOM"
"Om-nom-nom."
"Just tasting."
"Penis Size. [SFW]"
"Still a better love story than twilight."
"Accidentally had sex with cuddle monkey."
"Wtf Japan?"
"Why'd he put the glasses back on?"
"Set oven to 325 F and bake for 45 min  periodically glazing"
"Ouch!"
"&quot;Leave here and don't come back  I never want to see you again&quot;"
"The Blue Dragon (Glaucus atlanticus)  one of the world’s rarest and most beautiful mollusks."
"Beautiful"
"A beautiful view of Chicago this morning from CANADA!"
"Photo of Chicago taken from a beach in Indiana"
"The Chicago Skyline from Indiana"
"Great photo of the Chicago skyline  taken from a beach in Indiana."
"So someone sent me a pic with instanope today..."
"Every Redditors worst nightmare"
"That's a big corner of nope! &quot;Fixed&quot;"
"Someone sent me a pic with instanope today..."
"Nope nightmare"
"I Just Want a Hug..."
"Who needs gravity?"
"First one!"
"Salvador Dali"
"Aquaduct made from Galleons. Sea  Clouds  Surreal [1600x790]"
"Leaving a room full of people after letting out a fart"
"When I pass someone walking into the bathroom I just shit in..."
"I'm new to datamoshing  hi. (x-post from glitch art)"
"A normal day on r/funny"
"Obey"
"[gif] Glory to hypno-toad!"
"Posted a comment and saw cake next to my name  had to start here"
"...now it's time to fuck bitches!"
"Dont know what to call this..."
"I am not a creative person."
"Fuck this  I'll walk!"
"that is one sweeeet bike!"
"Call on them"
"City Hall Station  IRT  NYC [1400 x 960]"
"Shake it off  bro. Shake it off."
"What my tombstone will look like."
"like that"
"What the hell is going on here...?"
"Single Piece Glass Horse Being Made"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"How I feel when Talking to other College Kids"
"Moves Like Colbert"
"I'm having way to much fun with these things"
"Printer pls"
"The copy machine has a real problem."
"Oh  you didn't know!?"
"When I approach a hot girl at the bar"
"I hope I've found something here."
"How I feel when people use their cake day to get karma"
"When someone tried to budge you in the lunch line."
"Of all the ways to celebrate  this has always been my favorite."
"How I imagine everyone acts when an upvote is given."
"How I feel whenever I get more than one upvote"
"I chose a random roommate at college  and he's not a dick."
"Received my Gifts for Teachers and Presents for Pets matches this morning!"
"When a redditor finally gets to the front page"
"Woke up to find that I made the front page"
"How I feel coming in to work on a holiday and being reminded that management won't be there."
"When a post gets more than five upvotes."
"[gifsound]A broad I fancy told me &quot;You've got to know the way I feel about you.&quot;"
"That grab"
"Like a boss"
"My project this break..."
"My summer book report so far..."
"French guy reading rage comics"
"What my essay looks like after a few hours on Reddit"
"Duckling goes for a run"
"Fapolean"
"A true leader!"
"Fapolean"
"Found while scouring. Can't wait for the real life Nyan Cat dreams to begin."
"The Escape"
"Straight from the mother fucking playground."
"Hardcore level: Popsicle."
"Thug Life"
"Olivia Wilde"
"Those Eyes..."
"Olivia Wild  white shirt and that look!"
"Dubai  as seen from space satellite"
"Everytime my boss isn't looking..."
"Cat loves being tossed"
"Kitty loves being tossed"
"Scarily funny duo"
"By far the worst change to the Blu-Ray Star Wars saga."
"Princess Cage"
"Casting for Leia in Star Wars 7 Revealed!"
"Casting for Leia in Star Wars 7 Revealed!"
"Winning an internet argument."
"How I feel seeing my catholic parents pissed off about the pope scandal."
"My reaction to discovering r/gonewild"
"NOPE!"
"There's a party in there"
"You Harry!"
"Trying to get a girl into bed"
"How to make every DW fan in an Apple store sad"
"On ya stevo"
"You know you're not the first. But do you really care?"
"BMW Ad win"
"Eat me reddit  eat me."
"if you drive like this  fuck you."
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"This is what reddit makes me feel like sometimes."
"btjunkie shut down?"
"Turning on the computer and have the power supply explode"
"life jackets - worst invention evaaaaah"
"We should ban life jackets"
"Best argument for birth control I have ever seen"
"Makes sense."
"Best way to prevent drownings"
"I see what you did there"
"huh? Is this serious?"
"We should ban life jackets!"
"Seems legit."
"Using Photoshop Express for the first time--nailed it."
"Apple vs Samsung vs Nokia... ROFL!"
"Current state of Mobile phones"
"You guys!!"
"Misquoting Jesus"
"Popeye is a bad-ass."
"Yes."
"Every five minutes on CNN"
"for real?!?"
"Talent  eh?"
"Well played"
"Well  that didn't go as expected. [NSFW]"
"Russia's got talent"
"I don't think that's what he was trying to do"
"Atlas."
"Tomato Level: Greek God"
"Wtf midgets"
"Learning how to ride a bike the hard way"
"maybe we should have kept the training wheels on.."
"Father of the century"
"Proper teaching of how to ride a bike."
"Man gets mauled by bear"
"Reddit  I present to you a cute bear"
"Now you're thinking with portals."
"One job Phil..."
"It fits in the palm of your hand!"
"It's like a newborn Ewok!"
"Just pure awesomeness"
"An unstoppable trio"
"Honey  I'm home! [FOREVER ALONE]"
"Hi honey!"
"Quite sad kids will no longer  be able to experience this..."
"making out with a girl when you're drunk"
"making out with a girl when you're drunk."
"&quot;I am now an airplane.&quot;"
"Josh Sundquist does it again."
"You  sir  have won Halloween."
"My grandma in a nutshell... [Fixed]"
"For my cakeday...I present pretty much Reddit in a nutshell"
"It's finals week  guess this means..."
"A few minutes my ass  try &lt; 1 second."
"The Dark Hedges in Antrim  Ireland."
"Ireland"
"Amazing picture in Ireland."
"This came across The WarZ facebook page. [PIC]"
"The War Z terms and conditions copy\pasted from League of Legends"
"If you accept the League EULAs you might as well play WarZ"
"War Z is copying more than just Day Z (x-post from /r/leagueoflegends)"
"How I feel when on Facebook..."
"How I felt during my Europe trip"
"Uh-uh"
"Fancy cat is dissapoint"
"We've all wanted to take this at one point."
"My face when hearing the parents will be gone for a few hours:"
"My face when I entered ThisIsWhyImBroke.com for the first time."
"How I feel finding a perfect gif i have saved for an online conversation"
"Opening a pack of Pokemon cards as a kid and realizing it's a First Edition pack."
"When my I do something and that kid I hate gets in trouble for it"
"Me scrolling through the new Xbox Live update"
"Perspective."
"Dinner while Home Alone (fixed)"
"Finally got around to getting RES. I gotta say..."
"I work graveyard shift and all the links are purple halfway through my shift. This is how I look when new stuff starts popping up on the front page."
"Hope those aren't ass-less chaps..."
"Mr WTF?"
"I have no words"
"Flow My Tears"
"Every minus.com gif"
"/r/ funny today..."
"Looking for a bank in rough neighborhood. I'm skeptical."
"Seems Legit"
"Water Drops"
"Just me sliding down a pole"
"I hope Reddit also likes furless babies"
"He may not be fuzzy  but his little face makes me happy. I love pygmy hippos."
"Happy Hippo"
"whenever I don't get a reply from a text message."
"The last three people I sent a friend request to haven't accepted yet"
"When no one responds"
"Well this puts things into perspective for me."
"I wonder if he/she knew..."
"It's always a great episode of South Park when he's one of the main characters."
"The WHAT Kingdom!? o.0"
"Heard the new thing was dogs.."
"Overly Manly Men"
"Works every time!"
"How to pick up chicks"
"Brilliant dating advice."
"How to pick up chicks (a detailed guide)"
"How to pick up chicks"
"How To Pick-Up Chicks"
"Poor Dane"
"suddenly Dane Cook now seems funny"
"Forgive them; they know not that that tickles"
"when my roommates wing-man me and I still strike out"
"So I finally decided to check out this /r/spacedicks thing..."
"Apparently I missed my cake day"
"This Is jackass"
"Googled &quot;cave exploration&quot;."
"Cave Explorer [x-post from r/igthft]"
"Magikarp used...."
"It's Super Effective!"
"Nigelkarp"
"It's Super Effective!"
"Daniel Craig with long hair."
"Blonde  James Blonde"
"Oh  just a picture of Daniel Craig in the 90's with long hair"
"Daniel Craig With Long Hair"
"He's always watching"
"Cyanide and Happiness"
"Magic Eye with ASCII Text"
"Every post in r/wtf"
"Just got a letter from my ISP saying Disney found out I downloaded The Avengers off TPB. This is my sentiment."
"So I heard this place likes grumpy cats.."
"Thought you guys would like my best friend's naked pussy."
"Study they said"
"GIF Sound Mashups - Come To Daddy Screaming Madness (just keeps getting better)"
"Mozart intended this to be sang by two men"
"First time this has ever happened to me"
"Sup"
"This one's for you  Dad."
"Rihanna's &quot;deep&quot; lyrics"
"Haven't seen this one on here before."
"Decided to try random imgur today. First pic was neat  second was. well..."
"The Manwich"
"How hungry are you?"
"When somebody ends your long killstreak  but with an impressive killcam. (Online Gaming)"
"AVENGERS ASSEMB...oh god..."
"MIB"
"Seamless."
"Squirtle squirtle"
"This summed up last year's E3. Are we in for a repeat?"
"The perfect song for the perfect gif"
"I don't know why  but I found this hilarious"
"Looks like he's finally learned his lesson"
"Ready for action"
"When I learned manatees could weigh over 2 000 pounds..."
"Oh  the humanity!"
"Found on r/Patriots"
"Very photogenic football player Brandon Lloyd"
"Ridiculously photogenic wide receiver"
"It's not just about the game..."
"Your brain is mush now (Fixed)"
"I told him santa wasn't real"
"Nope."
"Nope!"
"Mama said knock you out"
"Some people just need a high-five..."
"How it is browsing r/new."
"I don't think so."
"What it's like living in Louisiana after a hurricane."
"You had ONE job  Michael! - Imgur"
"I've waited 365 days for this..."
"Typical Reddit Addict."
"Everyone on r/aww"
"Just doing a line of r/aww"
"wise words"
"Proof!"
"...Microwave"
"Flooded 86th Street Subway Station."
"50 Shades of DAFUQ....."
"Saw this on my newsfeed... Cat doesn't seem happy"
"Purebread."
"Fine. I dare you..."
"Truth or Dare?"
"Truth or Dare.."
"Please advise."
"Please advise. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Anyone own this album? Thought the picture was great. Miles Davis - Bitches Brew [xpost from r/pics]"
"This picture tells a story"
"Me  Myself and Eyerene..."
"Some pictures tell a story."
"A picture is worth a thousand words"
"They Will Never Find Us"
"Bananas over Monopoly."
"I find this attire..."
"Gentleman Banana"
"bebe otters"
"Saw this on FB and knew it would definitely help improve your Monday. Enjoy."
"1998: Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office"
"*Boop*"
"*Boop* (x-post from r/funny)"
"Hey dog  i'm gonna boop your nose."
"How to pick up women..."
"You see the weirdest things at parks in LA. This guy was bench-pressing this goose for ten minutes."
"Friends halloween costume had everyone in tears"
"Lol'd so hard at my friend's poverty halloween costume. Post some of the worst costumes on your news feed."
"Batter up"
"Louis C.K. on minorities."
"What doesn't kill me..."
"What doesn't kill Mario..."
"The end is nigh"
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful..."
"We engineered them that way."
"This showed up on my Newsfeed"
"Someone had a bad day"
"Awwwwww Yeeeeaaaaaaa"
"Hooray Flowers!"
"I got into a horrible crash 2 weeks ago  and was diagnosed with ovarian cysts last week. This is the only thing that cheered me up this morning."
"My boyfriend is new to Reddit. This is his account. I logged into it just to post this picture and get his sorry ass some karma."
"Definitely acid."
"Trippy."
"Dubstep hands"
"Dubstep hands (x-post from /r/GifSound)"
"Who  Doctor Who."
"DUBstep"
"Hulkyhulk"
"Oh  Hulk Hogan..."
"Jersey Shoop da Whoop"
"Shoop da Whoop  a la Jersey Shore"
"Fantastic Gif"
"Best gif of all time"
"What posts in WTF should make you do..."
"If only if he would of done this to snooki"
"Pauly D used hyper beam!"
"Jerseyborn."
"i wonder what he smells like"
"Bored ??"
"I wanted a Pokemon eating cake I got Pikachu eating a child."
"Fuck The Police: Frog and Toad Edition"
"Gets me all the time"
"Let me show you my moves"
"wtf"
"Every time I try to ride a trend for karma"
"It's coming to Virginia beach..."
"At least Cthulhu hasn't shown up yet."
"Neptune brining in Sandy"
"And you thought Sandy was scary...."
"They spotted Sandy's center off the coast."
"Virginia Beach  Va: Beware! Godzilla Cometh!"
"The origin of Hurricane Sandy"
"Image taken of the beach during Hurricane Sandy... [VERIFIED]"
"Falcooooon PUNCH!"
"FAAAALCOON...!"
"Fear and Loathing in Tatooine"
"It may not be a pot of gold  but I'll take it"
"Perspective"
"Cleaning my Ferrari [GIF]"
"Cleaning my Ferrari (x-post from woahdude)"
"Horse with a pussy"
"I think I may have found another one of us..."
"It's a horse  carrying a cat  on a boat  at sea."
"I Had To Borrow My Friends Thumb Drive  I Found This Pic Of Him"
"Just a badass fisherman celebrating Halloween"
"Horse &quot;head&quot;lines front page of the New York Times"
"What did they tell this baby?"
"When I heard I'm not going to pass all my tests"
"Something about this makes me want to frolic"
"Bloom"
"How I feel at a party"
"Giant Moth"
"Every time I see a hot girl in the summer."
"Not sure if still in love with ex-girlfriend..."
"Board Games"
"too big"
"Reddit  I Give You: Tron Cat"
"The agony of watching the last few hours of my summer vacation pass by."
"Missing my cake day by a couple of hours"
"Thom Yorke Dancing"
"Thom Yorke being Thom Yorke (x-post /r/thomyorke)"
"How I feel when getting karma for puns"
"I have been looking at this for over ten minutes... Waow..."
"Whoa..."
"This hurts my brain [GIF]"
"Selfish white people"
"one tour guide one couple and two horses"
"Revenge"
"Guy attacked by huge pigeon"
"One of those gold necklaces with the t on it [x-post from r/arresteddevelopment]"
"Priorities..."
"Us East Coast redditors..."
"Pokemon Center"
"Ash's solution to cancer."
"When ever I find a redditor with a group of 9gagers"
"Look who my friends ran into this weekend (he always wears the same outfit??)!"
"Trying to have sex with my girlfriend in the middle of the night..."
"My attitude on Mondays"
"Seriously though.."
"Little Friend"
"The more I look  the more I laugh"
"&quot;So  what are you going to be for Halloween?&quot;"
"He also survived an alien invasion."
"A sudden realization..."
"How I'll feel If I graduate next month."
"The amount of karma in a thread after Apostolate comments"
"And the damned don't mind no pain"
"Americans will never know that feel"
"Pulled through the sound barrier..."
"Tehehe  kind of true..."
"Well played"
"You want to face the wrath of my bunghole?"
"Man from the future!"
"Worlds most accurate pie chart"
"mama mia!!"
"Sonic always was faster...."
"Certainly faster than Mario."
"Hug."
"Oh My."
"If this actually makes sense  I'm out 35 picohitlers"
"Evgeni Dinev  Autumn Walkway  Poland"
"Horses prohibited on bridge"
"F... the police!"
"HORSES PROHIBITED ON BRIDGE"
"To the couple that just ordered NINE sandwiches in front of me at Subway after I held the door open for you..."
"terminator flesh-light"
"&quot;OH GOD WHAT IS HAPPENING? HELP!&quot;"
"Magnetic Absorption"
"Magnetic Absorption [FIXED]"
"A day in the life of a Dog and a Cat."
"Cat vs Dog"
"Dog &amp; Cat Diaries"
"A dogs Diary compared to a cats"
"I'm a cat..."
"The difference between cats and dogs..."
"Difference between cats and dogs"
"my inspiration"
"When I'm talking to a girl I like..."
"When i talk to girls..."
"How I feel whenever I walk into an electronic store"
"Every time I walk into the apple store"
"Words of wisdom from MLK Jr."
"MLK day"
"I feel bad for laughing"
"Happy MLK day"
"MLK Jr. fighting the good fight"
"In honor of MLK Day"
"His pews did not remain in his church"
"A lesser known quote by MLK"
"Happy Martin Luther King Day everyone."
"Saved this for the holiday"
"In honor of Martin Luther King Jr. Day."
"Happy Birthday  MLK."
"Happy MLK DAy imgur! - Imgur"
"Happy MLK Day"
"Happy MLK Day"
"The wise Martin Luther King Jr."
"Hurricane Katrina eye wall viewed from a Hurricane Hunter aircraft."
"My friend's brother's response to a question."
"He's got a point."
"Seahorses"
"If you were setting up an aquarium for your little brother or sister in an effort to interest him or her in sea life  would you choose barnacles or seahorses?"
"Me when my ginger friend talks about trying to have a long term relationships with his red-headed girlfriend."
"My friend caught this guy/boss on the train today"
"Musical Chairs"
"Where'd my seat go?"
"As a child  nothing else has ever made me cringe more than any other time in my entire god damn life"
"After all these years  i still cringe at this..."
"MFW I realized I get 1 upvote automatically."
"How I feel about going to Amsterdam with my (non-ent) parents."
"His smile makes it that much harder to leave each morning"
"His smile makes it that much harder to leave each morning. I am feeling a strong urge to hug that puppy.What about you."
"17 years transforming"
"More original troll dad"
"Searched bizarre boobs  was not disappointed"
"In response to those who have Swag..."
"Couldn't have said it any better."
"I Hate My Bladder"
"Every freaking time..."
"look out!"
"You're fucking weird Jesus"
"If you think about it..."
"You're fucking weird  jesus"
"You're fucking weird Jesus."
"How I saw Christianity as a child."
"How to get a job"
"Just be..."
"I've always wanted to be just ugly!"
"tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Found at my wife's apartment community"
"Here's a dragon dancing in a club"
"Doesn't that strike you as suspicious?"
"Excessive  but  kicking cops isn't smart"
"I don't believe in global warming."
"Anytime I post something that's a few years old to r/funny  I get shit for it. However  today on the front page  I see that half of the submissions are OLD AS FUCK and doing well. Well FUCK YOU  r/funny! Here's a little something for you all from fucking 1996!"
"A repost that only '90s kids will get. Such a gem"
"I could watch this all day...BEST. GIF. EVER."
"wrestling midget face slide."
"Wrestling gifs is it? I have just the thing."
"Midget wrestling for my cakeday"
"What Did You Say?"
"How my first cakeday post went yesterday"
"My first. It was an awesome concept"
"Orochimaru irl"
"lego vs hot coals"
"Hot coal x legos"
"Predictions about 2001 from 1901"
"Predictions of life in 2001 made by people in the year 1901..."
"Kate Upton Dancing [NSFW]"
"Kate. Upton."
"Black Keys music video [fixed] now with more hot chick"
";P"
"&quot;:P&quot;"
"Why I try to never use"
"Why ;P creeps me out."
"[nsfw] how does she do that?"
"You just have to believeeee"
"You"
"You just gotta believe...!"
"Still my favourite Cyanide &amp; Happiness comic"
"Cause sometimes you just have to know if you can"
"I made you a mixtape [NSFW]"
"Only 90s kids will remember this."
"These sunflower seeds are great!"
"Sweet costume  dawg."
"Halloween costume: option 2"
"I think she's ready for halloween!"
"Stay classy..."
"r/gaming in one picture."
"How I feel when people make posts on the HiRez forums in favor of flag drag"
"Ricky Gervais about gods"
"My favorite Ricky Gervais quote"
"Huricane? yeah  whatever."
"Everytime my girlfriend says she got her period"
"He seems to have some difficulty letting go of the game."
"This is what i do when i wake up to a sea of upboats"
"It's cake day! Let's get this dace party started!"
"How I feel when i get a sudden burst of karma!"
"4chan versus the Internet"
"What a good critical hit feels like"
"Fed Master Yi"
"What my stomach wants to do now that all the thanksgiving dinners are finally over"
"is there actually a market for this?"
"Aliens.[NSFW]"
"alien invasion"
"Well  I guess now I'm scared of aliens..."
"Alien Attack"
"Beliefe me it's a thermometer  I'm a doctor!"
"How I feel trying to initiate sex when my girlfriend isn't in the mood."
"Otherworld problems (was told to post this here)"
"today is your lucky day  you're not going to die!"
"One of the most realistic Iron Man cosplays I have ever seen"
"KAME-OBAM-AH!"
"This is how I feel on my first day back at work"
"Looking through my facebook"
"Whenever a porn star does an AMA..."
"How I feel being 28 and single"
"After Kayden Kross' AMA"
"I am a 15 year old male."
"Where was Spider-Man during The Avengers?"
"Looking over my Steam Friend's list"
"Skype Sex"
"How I feel after graduating high school 4 years ago this year"
"The first thing that came to mind after seeing multiple Facebook friends get engaged this weekend"
"How i felt browsing the internet today"
"Taking horsewhips to a whole new level"
"With a little help from my friends."
"Douchebag level: Pug"
"Thanks...good to know..."
"CHAAARGE!!!"
"Just a normal day at the sorority"
"How my new puppy responds to being told to behave while I'm at work."
"When I can find my keys in the morning"
"to think if gaben was a referee for the WWE..."
"If dogs were fonts"
"Saw my first seahorse at the beach today [FIXED]"
"Saw my first sea horse today"
"GOTTA GO FAST!"
"Abra Kadabra"
"Abra Kadabra!"
"Ah  Yes  that trick!"
"Atheist Magician"
"Words can't describe this."
"It's Magic! [xpost from r/ImGoingToHellForThis"
"Kung-fu panda"
"Panda Suplex"
"Whale"
"Work out those rave muscles!"
"I love this gif so much! That smile"
"Millionth Repost To Brighten Your Monday"
"The only repost I'll upvote"
"MFW I've clicked on every link here and I see what every post is."
"MFW people try to share the latest celebrity gossip with me"
"When you realize you open up the .gif every time you read a post here"
"Whenever this gif gets reposted"
"Airhockey"
"Made my friend a Reddit account this is the first thing I saw when I googled &quot;funny&quot;"
"I dont even know..."
"This is what Facebook Chat has become for me"
"Foot modeling"
"I'm not sure how I feel about her..."
"The Best Story Ever!"
"best story ever!"
"Saying bye to a girl after the first date"
"When I'm sick and my girlfriend is horny"
"MRW a short person tries to hug me."
"Found this gem today"
"Seinfeld Wars"
"It sells itself!"
"Made this shirt  how did I do?"
"Got a shirt making kit from my husband...fun was had and if you don't like this shirt.. Well that's okay."
"If you dont think my shirt is funny.. You might be right..."
"If you don't think this Nic Cage shirt I made is awesome.. You are sorely mistaken.."
"Do you think humans will ever walk on the Sun?"
"For Seal..."
"clown-0. Tequila-1."
"I hate it when ke$ha uses the toilet before me"
"Alien Vs. Predator"
"Making a spelling mistake on reddit .."
"Smiling Chaire"
"Smiling Chair"
"Ass ftw"
"Curiosity"
"Ebony and Anarchy"
"Cool Spikes"
"The more you watch  the sillier it gets"
"Any time I see a NSFW then notice it's from gifs"
"Whenever I see a NSFW .gif (sfw)"
"Whenever I see a couple arguing in public."
"Me after launching Dolphin successfully and pairing mt wiimote to pc..."
"When I see the Wikipedia page I'm reading has a 'controversy' section.."
"When I spot a facebook fight.."
"My reaction at this subreddit right now:"
"Whenever I see a 2000+ link"
"Thinking about the future Obama/Romney presidential debates"
"When 2 people are about to fight in public"
"Let's face it  this is what redditors have become."
"An Accurate Portrayal of Reddit"
"A redditors only hope of surviving the outdoors"
"When i first watched the PSY - GANGNAM STYLE video"
"So I searched up &quot; Who is Reddit?&quot; I think it's pretty spot on...."
"Remember"
"Always Remember..."
"Be the bigger man."
"Just remember this when someone pisses you off"
"4 muscles"
"Paul Maclean's Twin showed up at Sens game today"
"Hockey coaches clone behind him at a game (x-post /r/hockey)"
"Hockey coach's clone sits behind him. (x-post /r/hockey)"
"Cat throws a mouse (by Angelo de Santis)"
"&quot;That's Religion&quot;"
"Dude  Seriously?"
"How I feel after our government increased the exam point limits by 5%"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Never in history has there been a greater Freudian Slip."
"Never in history has there been a worse Photoshop."
"Romney’s family misspell their last name in the greatest Freudian slip in history."
"Romney at a Campaign Event"
"This guy is running to be the US president..."
"Damnit son  you had one job!"
"When something I've seen on /r/new made it to the front page.."
"Picard's thoughts on the new Islam trend"
"Cool .GIFs  but"
"But seriously"
"Whenever I play Oblivion/Skyrim"
"Some sponsors just don't make sense."
"It always astounds me when I watch the Olympics"
"how i feel when I post to the wrong subreddit"
"I was only gone for maybe an hour!"
"Then I look at their suggestion"
"How I feel living with roomates"
"Whenever the trainer has only lvl. 5 Magikarp..."
"How I feel watching Castle - Imgur"
"What I think seeing Cats in X-Mas Trees Pics.."
"I just cant stand this crap!"
"Whenever I open the dishwasher at work"
"I work at a restaurant and I always wonder this."
"I'm starting to wonder"
"Depression"
"O_O"
"Favourite Family Guy quote"
"Family guy always makes me laugh."
"No more options!!"
"Vortex - Vortex created by an aircraft's wing revealed by red smoke"
"Air Flow"
"Anger level: Pepperoni"
"Too obvious?"
"The SHIT SHIT SHIT just got more controlled."
"How I feel getting down-voted into oblivion."
"Here comes the boom!"
"He threw him on the GROUND."
"whenever somebody says &quot;no pun intended&quot;"
"What I think when the title in r/aww starts with &quot;Every time&quot;"
"Whenever a Mitt Romney or Barrack Obama ad plays on YouTube."
"African Play Station"
"Spoiler alert!"
"Feeding"
"Chimp feeding a Tiger"
"Baby chimp feeding a baby tiger!"
"It doesn't get more aww than this"
"A tiger cubs very unique caretaker."
"Monkey feeds tiger"
"It's my real-life cake-day  here's a chimp feeding a baby tiger"
"Chimpanzee feeding a baby tiger"
"Little Chimp Bottle Feeding a Little Tiger"
"When you give the right answer but the teacher doesn't hear you  so some bitch steals it from you and the teacher praises them"
"Don't hurt me"
"Cake Day Dilemma"
"Cliffs of Moher: Extreme Mountain biking"
"Hey  that looks like a good idea..."
"Possible Re-Post  Relatively new account  But this is an AMAZING idea."
"how to become a woman. The japanese way. [NSFW]"
"How I feel when my girlfriend plays a video game"
"after clicking the comments link"
"Me  after someone told me &quot;only God knows how bubbles are made.&quot;"
"My friend just told me he would rather have a physical copy of Diablo 3"
"I was told I'd be getting my karma machine today.. Then they changed it to tomorrow."
"What I did when I saw my 6 year old neighbor run outside in his underwear with a plunger on his head."
"How I feel when I have something cool to add to a front page post..."
"Me when my theology teacher starts talking bad about atheist..."
"Admittedly a repost  but this is my favourite trees gif. What's yours?"
"Pt allergy information: Haldol; Current Medication List: Haldol"
"As long as you have your health..."
"Don't feed your dog! Give him swag."
"Came across on FB"
"American politics today (or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Apathy)"
"I'll be voting for... ummm..."
"This kid has X-Games written all over him"
"Quick Little Bastard."
"How I run to the door when expecting a package"
"Ethan Hunt: younger years"
"Big finish!"
"Grains of sand magnified 250x"
"This man does NOT like to be honked at"
"Feeling the urge to respond to this disgusting use of religion  but should I take the higher road? Also  32 Likes!?"
"When there isn't enough toilet paper"
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah!"
"To every mosquito in my room"
"To the fly that has been buzzing around my room the past few nights."
"When I hear a pop-up ad start to play in the background [Fixed]"
"YOLO"
"Yeah  That Just Happened.."
"#YOLO"
"I think we can all relate"
"I laugh every time"
"Why I love this show."
"Netflix is down!"
"Zombie Kitten"
"Wild Kitten With A Bunny - Can I Have My Karma Now?"
"Dog the bounty hunter"
"Just a dog after the Chernobyl disaster..."
"Spider-Dog!"
"How I feel after getting a numbing shot for a cavity at the dentist."
"My diablo 3 inferno tactic."
"the second I open a new pack of gum at school"
"Just saw this on my news feed."
"Call me maybe..."
"PARTY HARD!"
"PARTY HARD!"
"Party Hard"
"Party Hard!"
"How I feel on holiday weekends"
"PARTY HARD!!!!"
"Party Harder."
"when its time to party we will &quot;Party Hard&quot; [FIXED]"
"Time to party."
"How I feel being home alone during the break"
"Still one of my favorite gifs ever"
"I'm not surprised..."
"Bad Ass Spider"
"The Redditor's nightmare!"
"TUUUUBES!"
"Tube tube tube"
"The relationship between me and my bong"
"Got my tube."
"Finally!"
"Batter storms the mound. WTF ensues."
"A temporary peace."
"Mutual mistrust."
"A drug deal is obviously going on here."
"You're all right monkey."
"Wrong on so many levels...but still lolz worthy"
"Gingers!"
"Harry Potter on virgins"
"Here are some neat pictures of Obama"
"Here's a bunch of cool pictures of President Obama. Some you've probably seen  but some maybe you haven't."
"I don't think Facebook knows what this meme is..."
"Heroes of Newerth in a nutshell."
"No Dad Don't!"
"Watching my dad (a GP doctor) watch House is more entertaining than the show"
"When Dr. Dad watches Dr. House...."
"Why you should always sleep with a Teddy bear"
"This is why I still sleep with a teddy bear."
"What Teddy Bears Really Do For You"
"Sweet Dreams Little One &lt;3"
"When asked what he`ll miss most about making the Harry Potter movies  Daniel Radcliff said  `Oh  a couple of things.`"
"Mom of the year? WTF?"
"Really?"
"Bad Parenting."
"Mother of the year"
"Can we please sterilize people who do this to their kids?"
"Found this on my news feed just now  I don't even"
"Saw this photo on my newsfeed. WTF?"
"Just another normal day on my facebook  teenage parents failing. Badly."
"Told to post this on r/WTF (x-post from r/funny) - Teenage Parenting failure."
"This is why a uterus should only be given after a certification -_-'"
"Parent-of-the-year award goes to..."
"I don't want to live in this planet anymore."
"I don't care if YOU smoke  but really.."
"&quot;WTF&quot; is all I can say."
"Mother of the year....or does this belong on /r/trees?"
"My reaction to the Reddit front page being loaded with [death] posts."
"Wait  this isn't my mask...."
"Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. WRONG MASK LINK!"
"Every time I try to get to the front page ..."
"Must...fit...in...mouth"
"Carrot? What carrot?"
"I'm bored."
"Reddit would get alot more interesting."
"Meanwhile in r/science"
"HIFW I go to a wedding stag and seal the deal with the Maid of Honor (the bride's sister)"
"Nasa celebrates Curiosity landing on Mars"
"Mission Control"
"I can't think of a clever title."
"My reaction when realizing that I go on vacation in 2 days after having to bust my balls at work all summer..."
"how Me and my friend dances when listening to dubstep."
"Eye see you."
"I've been typing random imgur links in the URL bar and posting here. I hope this is a real link  and is WTF enough for you guys."
"I think I'm a dickhead."
"There's no bad time for tea."
"The real reason they're there"
"Sometime between Season 1 and Season 2"
"Riker Beard. My new favorite &quot;Deal with it&quot; gif."
"How I felt returning home with my first full beard after 37 days of travel"
"The things some women do for their kids"
"SCORE!"
"Questionable things I saved on my computer that I forgot I had."
"This is my version of cute. Enjoy."
"Frightened little guy biting his tail. I think he's cute"
"TL;DR"
"I had my first final today. This is pretty much how it went..."
"When girls make a dumbass Facebook status"
"How much I read my required reading books over the summer..."
"Rather puts things in perspective..."
"This just popped into my Facebook newsfeed. Tha fuck."
"What an incredibly relatable scenario"
"What..the..poop? NSFW"
"Please Send These People Hell"
"HELLS YEA!! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Please do this"
"Face replace"
"Just when you thought Jurassic Park couldn't get any better"
"I hate people."
"I was just watching Adventure Time  when I saw this"
"When I have been granted permission to touch."
"HIFW Permission to touch has been granted."
"Even the good lord may pass on this suggestion."
"&quot;Maybe Jesus will help us get laid...&quot;"
"Around and around."
"The latest picture of the Statue of Liberty as Sandy approaches."
"Liberty Not Courage"
"REAL"
"Even the Statue of Liberty is overreacting"
"You'd better hide too... Sandy is coming."
"Sandy and the statue of liberty - this turned up on my facebook"
"Fuck it  I'm out of here!"
"I'd be scared too!"
"She is scared too"
"Preparing for Sandy"
"She's scared..."
"Star Wars PedoBear"
"Star Wars PedoBear"
"Redditor makes a colossal amount of strawberry jelly  strategically places pears for all that morally wobbly karma."
"strawberre good 4 u make health but will u make eat this if am tell u this is the zoom ??"
"national geographic photo of the day"
"House on a river"
"TIL that giant salamanders exist."
"lol  playground."
"How to do CPR"
"Don't let those puppies get soft!"
"I laughed more than I should have"
"Proper CPR techniques"
"Capri Sun is important in CPR."
"Deleted Scenes"
"&quot;Wait  what was that?&quot;"
"I love cats"
"Creepiest fucking alpaca ever..."
"Tell her I live with my parents... on the way to &quot;my place&quot;."
"That one guy who complains about lack of homework.."
"When someone eating cheetos goes near my electronics"
"MFW someone says it's actually spelled Curiousity"
"That awkward moment when another guy holds the door open for you."
"When I get more than 5 upvotes"
"The look on my bestfriend and I's faces when we discovered we're both redditors"
"Thanks for the tow"
"getting rid of snakes"
"Literal wall of pain"
"I'm just going to turn my head. Then I'll put this here. And then  uh  what the fuck?"
"Tell me more"
"#swag"
"My reaction to all these reaction gifs describing their reaction to reaction gifs that describe their reaction to a re-used reaction gif."
"i don't even know..."
"OP is born"
"Pretty much sums up r/Funny recently..."
"Was having a great day  and then I realized I missed my first cake day."
"Fox down. I repeat  Fox is down."
"Game over man Game over"
"Starfox in real life"
"Do a barrel roll"
"Look at me  I'm fierce!"
"RAHHHH! C:"
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle [FIXED]"
"I whip my ears back 'n forth... [x-post /gifs]"
"Rave puppy"
"understanding my 3-hour-long 8am physics class"
"This makes me laugh every time."
"Tone it down  Santa"
"This was a huge part of my childhood"
"The longer you watch  the creepier it gets."
"You wanna go? let's do this."
"When I think somethings funny  and no one else does"
"First time on 4cahn"
"First time on 4chan"
"Play time's over  mother fucker."
"going back to school tomorrow"
"If it fits  it ships"
"Why don't you take a picture..."
"Good Work Ethics"
"Nice champagne from China"
"seriously  wtf"
"While my friend poses for a photo"
"How I feel when I post on Reddit"
"Every Redditors first post."
"How I feel downvoting things on the Front Page"
"As a new member  this is how it's been submitting things on Reddit"
"Most of my front page attempts."
"She had the wrong number."
"I'm not Ms. Bridget"
"Hipster Ice"
"Classic repost but so AWW"
"Nothing to see here..."
"The Little Engine That...Ummm.."
"Unfortunately  no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself...[gif]"
"Don't eat me bro!"
"When I downvote a post with 0 upvotes"
"how i imagine i'll feel getting drunk the night before my first final"
"Just chillin..."
"Golden Gate Bridge"
"When one of my posts does well."
"Cat Swanson"
"So this popped up on my facebook feed."
"Me in my first statistics class"
"Someone is sleepy!"
"stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks"
"Googled for slender man"
"Certain fans"
"How to get karma on r/imgoingtohellforthis"
"I want a herd of these in my apartment."
"Go ahead..."
"go ahead  call the cops..."
"Go ahead  call the cops..."
"Go ahead call the cops"
"Facebook gold."
"For my First Cakeday: Kittens!"
"It's a sniper!"
"Kitty  Git Dawn!"
"Made my day better..."
"Let me just taste your face"
"what the actual fuck?!"
"I Googled &quot;how to get karma&quot;. Seems legit."
"Sexy."
"So I googled how to get karma on /r/wtf..."
"Your ear tastes nice"
"Holding down the power button"
"This picture will melt your brain."
"What the..."
"Steve Cathey defying gravity [x-post r/HistoryPorn] [1022x722]"
"Time to have &quot;The Talk&quot;"
"my favorite cyanide and happiness comic"
"Explosm's randomness always brightens up my day"
"What all these worst mascot posts remind me of."
"How I feel about the upcoming election"
"How I feel about the current US election"
"How I feel about the upcoming election...."
"he wasn't loving it"
"How it feels to post original content and getting down votes"
"Hearing my sister say that Honey Boo Boo is amazing"
"Fuck Your Happy Meal !"
"How pencils are sharpened in factory."
"You WISH you were this manly."
"What in the world they were trying to prove?"
"BABY WILL RAPE YOUR SOUL"
"Oh mythbusters  you so funny!"
"Thank you Skittles"
"White proof"
"Looks legit"
"Cops?? No problem"
"Now that we've established that Anderson Cooper is the protector of all children  can we please get him to do something about this?"
"There's their mom's browsers  they're ridiculous"
"Badger"
"If only this were as contagious as yawning"
"Ay Bay Bay"
"what i imagine the &quot;behind the scenes&quot; actually look like on a porn set"
"OOO YEAH!!"
"hey. Hey  HEY!"
"I'm at an almost all male New Years Party. This is how I imagine midnight will go down."
"Reddit on Karma"
"My sister when she met my newborn daughter yesterday."
"When all my friends gets upvotes and I dont."
"Happy bday to me  myself and I."
"Me after almost two weeks without reddit."
"Want to taste my pickle?"
"I googled &quot;wtf&quot; -- this was on page 2"
"I never want pickles again!"
"Fatality!"
"._."
"Every time I shared an Internet High-Five I got complaints from people who expected a gif. So I obliged."
"How i felt when a girl in my english class announced she doesn't like shakespeare because his work is &quot;cliche and unoriginal&quot;."
"The police don't like 3 Stooges gags"
"I bet this guy has seen The Three Stooges."
"So much more terrifying.."
"This popped up on my Facebook titled &quot;The new Slenderman&quot;"
"Resourcefulness"
"I would hate to be a teacher to bastards like these!"
"Well  that's just awful"
"Sushi!"
"This is my favorite leaf!"
"Check out my awesome leaf!"
"Damn fashion  you scary."
"r/gonewild  who wants me to take these clothes off!? ; )"
"How religious redditors must feel."
"I always get slapped!"
"Brush!"
"Perscheid on death making the martyr"
"Crumb"
"I'm gonna crumb!"
"I'm about to crumb."
"Friend sent me this the other day  laughed way too hard"
"Nature taking back a library."
"Nature Reclaiming a Library [700x550]"
"A Night at the Roxbury"
"This is how they tested bullet proof vests in 1923. The obvious way."
"what a beautiful strong couple. the tears!"
"Nyan-Eleven"
"Meanwhile  in outer space..."
"Humans"
"HUMANS"
"Turtles in time"
"Head Shot."
"My favorite gif"
"best gif ever"
"LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE"
"WAR FACE"
"Sweet dreams y'all"
"Yelling match"
"Teletubbies dance off"
"Error 37"
"I have jury duty today..."
"That moment when I realize yesterday was my cakeday and I forgot to post anything"
"Me Every Morning When I Have To Get Up"
"Every Time I Wake Up In The Morning"
"How I feel when a wild pokemon attacks me."
"121 All-time favorites"
"Me trying to open memes on the front page."
"When I wait forever for a GIF to load on my phone and it ends up being something I've already seen"
"Suddenly..."
"Gets me every time"
"The Reddit elevator"
"Reddit elevator"
"So  found this on google images"
"Pool Rules"
"Come on shake your body  baby do the Conga"
"I just had to"
"hip to be psycho"
"Batman has got a new costume."
"Who am I? That's right!"
"How I feel when I realize I've been on Reddit for a year."
"Why I downvote post that say &quot;my girlfriend....&quot;"
"Why I downvote all posts that say &quot;my girlfriend&quot;"
"I found out that today is my cakeday so...I believe this is appropriate."
"Had to be done"
"Squirrel-vengers assemble!"
"beating your wife"
"Level level: Level"
"Cage Monkey."
"I live over 300 miles away and have never met or spoken to my brother's girlfriend. Sent her this on fb today. She immediately logged off."
"saw this and thought of you guys"
"dafuq?"
"Baby Bonzai and his bib."
"A question Reddit can surely answer"
"Bear Grylls you so silly"
"Whenever someone spoils a movie I've been dying to see on reddit"
"How I reacted to my friend getting on the front page after only being a redditor for 14 days"
"Supplies!"
"Herro"
"Am I a racist because I find this funny?"
"owl"
"Stupid and Unfortunate Children"
"Nice Block Kid!"
"Dat wobble!"
"Don't you want one?"
"Guess Who? Nic Cage edition."
"Guess Who - The Nicholas Cage Edition"
"I'm no longer allowed near my daughter's coloring books."
"Neat Nature Fact: Elephants"
"Neat nature fact"
"How I feel when talking about moles in chemistry..."
"Hardcore Red Ranger"
"How I feel eating BACON for the first time."
"How a girl must feel trying cowgirl for the first time"
"Dirty things"
"Whenever I see someone post about their Fraternity/Sorority"
"How I feel about the entire &quot;AJ Scandal&quot; storyline"
"Well this is mildly disturbing..."
"Whoop Whoop Whoop?"
"Looks delicious"
"Deer god"
"Whenever someone makes a repost"
"Epic sadness"
"One Erection"
"the cat in the hat"
"resourcefulness at its finest"
"Cooking Level: Bachelor"
"You might be a redneck if..."
"grande skinny hot dog please  no bun  two ketchups"
"LPT: How to cook hot dogs at the office"
"How my first post to Reddit went"
"Every time I think &quot;I'm gonna get so much karma for this!!&quot;..."
"Battered Warrior"
"Aliens!!!"
"Meet the Angora Rabbit  the epitome of aww."
"You Bastard!"
"Still my favorite Gif of all time."
"This person is the reason I'm an atheist today."
"The best way to get a girl to take off her shirt on chatroulette [SFW]"
"Boobs or I move him closer"
"Punishment"
"Punishment [x-post from /r/4chan]"
"Personally I think mother nature is adorable."
"poor chicky"
"Sad truth about ramen  well the stuff they call ramen anyway..."
"Enthusiasm at it's finest"
"How I feel browsing Reddit at 2 A.M."
"goodnight"
"Porn Cat (SFW)"
"Trying to get my girlfriend in the mood [gif]"
"You know you like it."
"FuckTheSystem.jpg"
"hope this isn't on it's way to becoming popular.."
"not saying it's an alien  but...alien."
"Home security"
"My experience driving through Connecticut."
"How to beat a dead horse. [FIXED]"
"When you realize your Skrillex hair cut is lame."
"How I feel walking out of Home Town Buffet."
"Whenever I answer my girlfriend's argument with logic..."
"just put gold bond medicated powder on after shaving my balls"
"my reaction when i bought D3"
"After going to a Memorial Day BBQ without sunscreen on."
"I can only hope that this is how the admin(s) at FunnyJunk feel(s) today."
"Making a status about poking on FB"
"When I fart and some poo comes out.."
"A year after buying and gaming on my iMac"
"How I felt opening a NSFW link in my 300 person lecture class."
"Start pooping when I realize I don't have my phone with on me."
"Realized this after eating popcorn on my bed"
"Being convinced into going to superdogs"
"How I Feel Missing My Cakeday"
"Dear Atheists...."
"Dear Athetits ..."
"Amazing street art..."
"Eerie Fence Graffiti"
"Google image searched &quot;merica gif&quot;  was NOT disappointed..."
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA"
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA [pic] [x-post r/pics]"
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA"
"Cozy"
"Doot-Penguin"
"Bang  bang."
"I wish I wore ties."
"The Lovecraft"
"The Lovecraft."
"These leaves DO look good enough to eat..."
"Yeah  so this happened."
"ATTENTION DOUCHEBAGS! meet your GOD!!!"
"Lord douchebag"
"Brazilian hostage"
"Call the lawyers"
"I'm sure she won't ever regret this. [NSFW]"
"http://i.imgur.com/FARTS.jpg"
"Dat Feelin"
"bo$$"
"Do you even lift?"
"Goddammit  this made me laugh way too hard first thing in the morning. For all the internet tough guys!"
"Do you even lift?"
"Punk Ass Bitch."
"Cake! And all that ... wait  what did you say?"
"How I feel all internet fights are."
"Yep  it's glass..."
"My reaction to getting an upvote on my first post"
"My personal WTF?! NOPE!"
"Sleeping on a cliff.."
"How I feel as a 23 year old waiting for new episodes..."
"I wonder what his prom will be like?"
"i knew that film was messed up!"
"Happy ending?"
"What have you learned  Dorothy?"
"Finally..."
"&quot;Four score and seven years ago  in a galaxy far far away...&quot;"
"#1 in the universe baby"
"Some people have no respect or class"
"As someone who has family buried here  this pisses me off that people are this ignorant..."
"Even if you dislike the military  this is no way to act at a place of memorial  even if it's just as a joke. As a European this really makes my blood boil."
"I have never had the urge to punch a girl until i saw this picture."
"Disrespect at Arlington National Cemetary"
"Fuck you..."
"Downvoting a post that's on front page"
"Food Fight"
"Food Fight!"
"Food Fight!"
"FOOD FIGHT!"
"Now that's a coffee"
"The Cookie Cup [x-post from r/pics] Yay or Nay?"
"Edible cookie coffee cup"
"What did she touch?"
"China’s deserted fake Disneyland"
"Soon ..."
"Fuck you Red Lobster"
"Ocean City  MD's Fishing Pier Collapsed"
"Sandy comes ashore"
"Shit just got real with Hurricane Sandy!"
"Just when you thought things couldn't get any worse."
"I've found several different pictures of monsters attacking during the hurricane. Can this be a meme?"
"Godzilla on News 1"
"OMG! updated picture from the east coast hurricane!"
"Wonka has heard enough about females and currency."
"Disregard Reality"
"Oh Futurama"
"&quot;File not found...&quot;"
"I don't even know if this is classified as a yacht anymore.."
"My boss is out of town until next week. This picture will sum up my week."
"My only reaction to &quot;The Cabin in the Woods&quot;"
"Whenever I see a fight in the comments of something I've posted [fixed]"
"How I feel watching porn that tries to have a story."
"Every Shakespearean tragedy"
"How I feel after seeing countless people post the &quot;your friends who like Nickelback&quot; link all over the internet in the past few hours."
"&quot;Marissa Mayer  New Yahoo CEO  Is Pregnant ...&quot; via Mashable"
"Watching porn... (SFW)"
"Whenever i watch porn with a plot."
"My thoughts on the weather"
"Whenever I get the flu..."
"My reaction when I had to take a dump within 15 minutes of getting back from lunch."
"Blizzard when MOP got released"
"How I felt at the end of Cabin in the Woods"
"What I thought of from tonight's walking dead episode"
"I see all your Frog and Snake shenanigans and I raise you a Spider eating a fucking BIRD. All in."
"Annnnnddddd..... nope"
"Come to Germany - Land of Opportunities"
"How to start a fight"
"I miss this show"
"swimming is just fabulous"
"I've lost all hope for swimmers...."
"what wat what wat wat"
"Wallpaper"
"Best Humor in any Game to Date"
"wat."
"surprised Prince"
"Nun."
"Wise Words"
"Everyone's a critic"
"Show's over."
"God damn hippies!"
"How I feel downvoting a series of nonsensical comments."
"What it must feel like being a worker at Bonaroo"
"How I feel opening for a metal band..."
"The moment Reddit invades Pinterest."
"What I feel like giving summer lectures to my students..."
"I heard a busker singing one direction while I was stopped at a red light. This was all I could think of."
"Smashing (repost)"
"break free"
"My favorite gif on my Cakeday"
"Just fucking cha cha......"
"Philosoraptor on midgets"
"Hell?"
"Philosoraptor on assignments"
"He has a point..."
"Looks Bouncy."
"Mirror match!"
"Parenting fail."
"Paint me like one of you french girls"
"Reading trashy gossip blog when BAM!"
"It's 106 miles to Chicago  we got a full tank of gas  half a pack of cigarettes  we're mammals  yet we lay eggs."
"The one in the cartoon and body double"
"Platypuses in fedoras"
"THAR SHE BLOWS! [Sandy]"
"Mrs. Liberty meets Sandy."
"The Day After Hurricane Sandy (beware faux-photos)"
"Statue of Liberty This Afternoon"
"The Statue of Liberty at noon today."
"THAR SHE BLOWS!"
"Screw Sandy! We've got bigger problems!"
"It's like a movie out there!"
"Do it."
"I'm going to have problems watching this show again."
"Saw this on Facebook  thought it belonged here"
"fuck yeah"
"How most people in the west are picturing Gadaffi right about now."
"How I feel when I put parmesan cheese on my spaghetti."
"Friend said he would get to level 90 without sleep even if he has to do drugs. This is what I thought of..."
"&quot;If I had two bullets...&quot;"
"Toby"
"Oh Michael .."
"It's how she rolls."
"Fuck Everything"
"Poor Bike [Fixed]"
"Whenever I am down I just watch this GIF"
"I still laugh at this picture every time i see it"
"Merry Christmas..."
"what the f*ck is this? [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"Skating in NYC in the 60's"
"New York skateboarder."
"This little guy is a pygmy marmoset."
"Introducing myself to people when I'm drunk"
"Chocolate Moneyshot"
"First day in NYC."
"Goodnight Reddit."
"HELL NO! (x/post r/creepy_gifs)"
"Nope! Oh NO  FUCK NO!"
"Robin Skrillams  anyone?"
"seems legit"
"Bearly even an audience..."
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"The audience was bearly there."
"A happy dachshund."
"Whenever im down...."
"Turf 'n Turf"
"Best toy EVER."
"i am the sun"
"Yeah under there is fine"
"the things we can accomplish when we work together"
"Back you go"
"To the guy who posted the Australian Synchronized Swimming girls on the front page"
"How I feel posting an unpopular political point of view on Reddit..."
"Internet explorer usage Vs Murder rate"
"You are under a rest"
"&quot;Spiral out - keep going...&quot;"
"Sandy is mathematical!"
"Fibonacci sequence in hurricane Sally"
"Realizing it's my cakeday 2 days after posting three good links"
"Watching Microsoft's E3 press conference..."
"Its down..No its up!! Oh wait  still down"
"I didn't know cattails could do this..."
"Reddit  wtf is that? SFW"
"stop &amp; sho-wtf?"
"This shit needs to stop..."
"If you lift his tail  you'll be sorry (GIF)"
"Cakeday present from me to you - 30+ random gifs"
"A cat with a plastic bag"
"Close enough."
"Soon to be released"
"FEMA"
"Never Forget the most important day in history."
"I find these old war shots amazing"
"Still one of my all time favorite pictures."
"Impressive work Johnny!"
"Slo-mo lightning: cloud to ground plus return stroke."
"How lightning really works"
"Kaabooom!"
"Don't leave your dark beer alone in the fridge..."
"Seems like a real predicament..."
"Bow to me  at once!"
"Fuck this shit"
"They told me I could be anything"
"My hat is a boot."
"Hats off to this politician."
"How I feel about politics"
"Green Bay's Steve Bartman"
"NFL Derp"
"Man  these guys can't even do the YMCA right!"
"This is the biggest thing to happen for organized labor in years."
"This is lovely."
"This guy... Can anyone tell me what this is from??"
"So I've Stumbled Across This..."
"Introducing  hurdlers without hurdles."
"Like a boss."
"Tea Rex"
"Quite"
"QWOPQWOPQWOPQWOP"
"QWOPQWOP [x-post from r/gifs]"
"QWOP in real life"
"QWOP in real life [fixed] I couldn't help myself"
"Anyone remember QWOP?"
"QWOP: hardcore mode"
"How I feel walking out of the gym after a leg workout"
"QWOP In real life"
"Realistic QWOP"
"Didn't get this as a kid..."
"I'm a happy dancing bear with the moon"
"dat feel when you're the bear in the big blue house"
"College Freshman"
"Say Cheese"
"cross your eyes and stare at the picture"
"Wheeeee!"
"Better wear that seatbelt"
"Doing the first german-class of the semester  trying to focus and this is all I can think about..."
"Mein"
"and not a single fuck was given that day"
"Photographer with a cool head"
"Like I give a fuck.."
"Gun-cocking 101"
"Meet the Ridiculously photogenic downhill rider [x-post from /r/MTB]"
"Photogenic Downhill Biker"
"Bailing photogenically"
"Mammary Monday ...meow"
"I request the highest of fives"
"How I feel when I do something awesome"
"The desk of a teacher at my school. He's really into gaming."
"The desk of a teacher in my school who is really into gaming."
"A gamer you say?"
"Slow-motion light looks almost like a loading screen..."
"How I thought I looked meeting my girlfriends parents for the first time and pretending to like the overcooked dinner they made."
"If dogs could think"
"tears"
"Fruit owl."
"Vegan Owl"
"Fruit and veggie Owl!"
"Fruit Art"
"Fruit And Veggie Owl!"
"It's a goose!"
"They are coming! Be affraid  very affraid!"
"A Leopard attacks a forest department employee  after the man threw a stone toward the leopard in an abandoned construction site in Limbu Village in Siliguri in West Bengal  India."
"A Leopard attacks a forest department employee  after the man threw a stone toward the leopard in an abandoned construction site in Limbu Village in Siliguri in West Bengal  India."
"Just pikachu... in real life..."
"Here is a picture of a kitten  disguised as a pikachu!"
"Is there anything cuter than this?"
"PIKA!"
"Pikachu disguised as a cat"
"This might be photoshopped"
"meow"
"They see me rollin'"
"The world series crushed my tiny soul. Was still numb when the Cowboys lost  so..."
"As a woman  when I see yet another post about how hot Emma Watson is."
"Lack of steam sale + No cash anyway"
"MFW When Suffolk MA apologized for canceling my Jury Duty"
"I forgot my cake day was today....."
"It's simple..."
"Seljalandsfoss Falls  Iceland"
"Probably the strangest thing I've seen in awhile."
"*This* is a playground? [NSFW]"
"This probably has meaning.. Any ideas?"
"Saw this on craigslist."
"What kind of centipede is... Wait..."
"I'd like to know where this is so that I can never go there."
"The circle of life.. who thought this was a good idea?"
"Tyrion! Lower those eyebrows!"
"Seeing someone you know on r/gonewild"
"Age-old question: ANSWERED"
"Which came first?"
"The Petals Fall Twice"
"I honestly can't tell if this is erotica or not."
"The Petal Falls Twice"
"What the fuck did I just read!?"
"How do you tell someone about their bad breath?"
"I give you  Sir Kitty. (:"
"Fancy Cat in [a] Hat."
"Cutest damn thing I have ever seen"
"mmm yes  quite."
"Evil cat or cute cat??????????"
"Whatcha waiting for Ref!!!!"
"Still one of my favorite gifs"
"[HIFW] I first went to /r/spacedicks"
"Raw Emotion"
"ICEBERG!"
"Lettuce take a moment to remember the titanic"
"After another long day"
"How I feel when my teacher gives a lecture on how good it is to have god in your life"
"How I think most non-american redditors are going to feel today."
"Last words from a Gay Vietnam Veteran."
"So I found this on Facebook. This has gotten way out of hand."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"I think this may be getting out of hand.."
"The 80's"
"TIL that some people shed their skin like a snake"
"I wouldn't tickle that."
"The many expressions of Kristen Stewart"
"ok"
"This is essentially a tiger with Down's syndrome. A typical product of the inbreeding necessary to make the white tigers seen in captivity."
"The even more elusive Derpanese Tiger"
"Update: Kenny  the Down-Syndrome Tiger  has been dead for quite some time."
"Kenny  the inbred white tiger"
"That's not a compliment..."
"What will your money buy?"
"Lock up Your Daughters!"
"My reaction to a lot of posts on /new"
"My reaction to all the feet on Reddit"
"The Louis Vuitton waffle maker"
"Mentos and beer? ...oh."
"Damn you Trix Rabbit..."
"It's about damn time"
"Vindication! (blatantly stolen from /r/funny)"
"It's about fucking time."
"Its all your fault"
"We Need To Talk"
"Phhotobombed by jesus"
"How Americans see the world."
"I don't know man..."
"Hot Dog"
"Hot Dog"
"Hot dog  anyone?"
"I Don't Want to Understand [Possibly NSFW]"
"This girl knows how to party."
"Sweet baby Jesus  somebody please caption this..."
"This was oddly satisfying to watch...."
"Downvoting an entire string of posts in a thread"
"Makes me want to donate to their cause..."
"What I imagine most people do when they browse r/new..."
"When I go on a downvote rampage..."
"Oh God please no more..."
"Bill Enclosed"
"Freddie Mercury riding on the back of Darth Vader."
"Just Freddy Mercury and Darth Vader"
"Is there anything this man didn't do?"
"Epic picture is pretty fucking epic."
"Freddie Mercury!"
"Only one can pull this off"
"Science question"
"Those f*cking locks"
"Best Halloween costume ever"
"Best Halloween costume ever"
"Dont fuck with me!"
"Original Scumbag Penguin"
"Penguin slap"
"Friends are always friends .."
"Penguin Slap"
"Searched &quot;Penguins are Dicks&quot; on Google Images. I'll just leave this here."
"Ice Soap 0.9 public beta"
"I'm going to spend my Monday wondering what this kid was thinking"
"Reddit  post your all time favourite gif. DO IT."
"We all have our rituals"
"Underwater  face to face with an Anaconda"
"Split Screen Gaming. It's Serious Business."
"When my roomate tries to initiate conversation with hot girls"
"my teachers unfortunate name"
"This door doesn't stand a chance"
"MFW I went to /r/shatter"
"When the person before you forgot to flush"
"I know I'm a bit late to the party"
"Second Time Voting. To Celebrate  I Give You My Favorite Obama Pic"
"This...makes sense..."
"DAMN US ALL!"
"Photobombed by Sarah Jessica Parker... she's the one on the left."
"Meet the hatchetfish."
"Mesmerizing Brows"
"Mesmerizing Brows (xpost /r/pics)"
"Easiest way to tell if an animal is a girl or boy"
"not an acceptable answer..."
"Now that's a good question"
"... my income tax return form has been sent back to me."
"Porn logic"
"Well  that's an unfortunate camera angle..."
"Add a Diablo III logo to this guy's shirt and you suddenly have a clear image of /r/gaming right now."
"dammit bobby"
"Stamina"
"Ask for a demonstration"
"No golden ticket needed."
"Seems Legit."
"happy hart day from Heavy"
"How I feel trying to be charming before Valentine's day."
"Happy V-day from Heavy!"
"Nanananana.... BATMAN"
"Batman"
"How I feel about midterms this week."
"I was just informed I missed my &quot;cake day.&quot;"
"After a great deal of sifting through r/politics  I've come to this conclusion..."
"uh oh"
"It's like the damn Bermuda Triangle!"
"O.O&quot;"
"And then  Mittens began crawling on the ceiling"
"Saw this on my newsfeed. I thought it might be reddit worthy."
"Saw this on my newsfeed. I thought it might be reddit worthy."
"DO NOT TRY THIS  EVER. (sewer gas explosion)"
"Let's try some science!"
"Always wanted one of these..."
"Annnnnnnnd this is by far the coolest bed(nest) i have seen."
"When I find out a attractive girl is under 18"
"Volunteering at a daycare and they're using glitter."
"When I'm with my girlfriend in front of her parents"
"How I react with my recent sunburn"
"How I feel trying to do a timed flag return in pubs"
"How I feel during no fap September"
"A throne truly fit for a king."
"I found the manliest bar stool ever."
"Pretty much"
"Some days I feel that this is the case."
"This is how I feel sometimes."
"GO BACK!"
"What it's like weeding through all the new posts on Reddit."
"Giving the &quot;Holy Spirit&quot; a bad rep..."
"Jacket of Smite"
"Whenever I'm browsing r/new"
"I could watch these doggies run for hours."
"Redditor Exercise Motivation: Take a Walk"
"Not once have I seen anyone on this sub-reddit talk about these guys..."
"When I get woken up to eat breakfast"
"The only way I MAY actually watch soccer"
"When ever I see a &quot;Do Not Enter&quot; sign"
"That must be the explanation"
"Clumsy Jesus"
"Miniature chameleon recently discovered in Madagascar"
"Planking Level: Marine"
"Just got offered a job using my college degree and I don't have to work retail anymore!"
"Palladio kid"
"Shake That"
"And now?!"
"Kansas city miscues"
"Now kiss..."
"Kitten Smush Island?"
"Think ill stay inside."
"My reaction when my roommate reaches the first page"
"being unemployed."
"When someone asks what I'm up to this weekend"
"Barcelona's metro tells it like it is"
"embarrassing..."
"Cute smurf."
"I had several potential captions for this picture  but I want to see what you guys can come up with."
"That Smurf Knows What's Up"
"So I was taking care of a two-year-old yesterday..."
"Arguably one of the best characters on television right now."
"A toast to the strongest mustache on TV."
"Fish Flops"
"How I felt when I realized I missed my Cake Day by a few hours."
"You are coming with me  mister!"
"Kitten delivery"
"Got To Bring My Kitty For Cakeday"
"This is about sums what happens every time I open up my fridge (first post)"
"I got my new Macbook today."
"Macbook Pro: Thrift version"
"Why can I never think of shit like this?"
"shut up and let me cook you stuff"
"How to cook on a log"
"Here is a little Perspective"
"Because sometimes things don't need explanation"
"Why I still have a landline."
"In-flight WiFi... [FIXED] - Imgur"
"So my friend gave her rabbit a cherry . . ."
"Rabbit + cherry = awwwtf (x-post from /r/pics)"
"bath salts bunny"
"Well I guess it's settled."
"Time for Tickles"
"What time is it?"
"What time is it?"
"Bill Murray --- in 3D!!! ... requires red / blue 3d glasses"
"I heard you guys like Bill Murray"
"Not Bad."
"This has to be the greatest picture of Obama that I have EVER seen"
"And he's musical too!"
"This kid must have the coolest dad ever"
"What every weatherman's forecast is on the East coast."
"What I think of every time they show Al Roker talking about Sandy"
"Horrible  but gets me every time."
"This made me laugh harder than i should have"
"4000 kids die everyday because..."
"im a waterbending master"
"My favorite result from Google-searching &quot;Random Kittens&quot;"
"Missing stabler"
"Shark Attack"
"Everything went better than expected"
"This is how I feel when people try to be impressive during class"
"How Daniel Radcliffe Deals with Paparazzi"
"Where's baby?"
"One of the better crossovers I've seen"
"Someone get this man the best medal there is"
"this is how we do in Canada"
"Logging like a boss"
"Ya  that should do the trick"
"That'll learn 'em!"
"How it feels to be the only person to Ace my Biochemistry final and ruin the bell curve."
"Spat some undeniable evolutionary facts to a priest today. His reaction..."
"How I feel after taking my last summer exam"
"My boss thinks I'm the only person who would have this photo as my wallpaper. Surely she's wrong?"
"Mark Twain in Tesla's lab. Creepy but amazing. [pic]"
"Chilling photo of Mark Twain in Tesla's lab."
"Coke is one hell of a drug"
"Appropriate URL"
"Watching porn when the girlfriend comes home"
"I'd just like to point out Justin Bieber's shoes so we can all laugh for a little bit."
"justin biber"
"Forget JB's shoes  The girl he was with had god damn horse teeth"
"You may point out his shoes  but how the fuck is he holding those sunglasses?"
"Ugh god"
"Wow"
"Wow"
"Saw this on FB I thought it was pretty funny how much they have grown up!"
"Legend of Keith Apicary"
"Hey ya Link! (Hopefully not a repost...)"
"How I feel when I see a repost on reddit lately"
"How I end every argument"
"when the restaurant doesn't have coke  and asks if pepsi is okay instead"
"He is so fucked."
"Butt Genie"
"How I'd Like to Die"
"Paula deen + Katy Perry"
"Tree merging with sidewalk"
"Most Horrifying face swap EVER!"
"Om Nom Nom"
"Taunting"
"Realizing  after about a minute  that what you posted wasn't actually that funny."
"you had one job"
"Work still isn't worth it"
"I hate reposts so here is some OC"
"Alot of refrences in one painting"
"The scariest moment of my childhood was when one of these crawled out of the drain."
"Fuck these things."
"On the fine-tuning of the universe."
"Where white man went wrong"
"Only white man dumb enough to think he could improve system like that"
"Where white man went wrong"
"My spidey senses are tingling..."
"My spidey sense is tingling.."
"Danger"
"Sometimes its OK..."
"It's midnight and reddit has helped me not do any of my schoolwork."
"No one is turned away on &quot;Family Pet Photo&quot; day."
"Technologic Ned"
"El Flanders"
"El Flanders"
"YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE RIDDLY-DIDDLY"
"destroy them with lazers"
"Daft Flanders"
"For all that is holy why does this always happen to me?"
"Why I'm scared to be an astronaut."
"What a bitch"
"I'd shit bricks"
"Every Redditor's dream job..."
"I always knew reindeer existed"
"Deer Launch"
"Join the Resistance!"
"Join the Resistance! (x-post from r/buddhism)"
"Join the Resistance!"
"10 BEGINNER Questions for Dota 2."
"10 BEGINNER Questions for Dota 2"
"Fundies I could agree with. nsfw -ish maybe"
"Times have changed"
"Back in the old days"
"SAP gets revenge"
"Socially Awkward Penguin is at it again."
"Proud of himself"
"I don't think kangaroos can swim"
"Our school lunch on MLK day..."
"Today's menu for MLK day..."
"My work's lunch menu for MLK day"
"I'm laughing way too hard!"
"What the Olympics is all about..."
"You only had one job to do . . . ."
"To: andrewsmith1986"
"Reddit... The cats have spoken."
"L.E.D. Zeppelin"
"I love my job  it's grate."
"I love my job"
"face_palm."
"Facepalm"
"How I feel after 1 upvote"
"Every time I hear a lame joke from a news reporter.."
"Cigarettes"
"Horse cigs"
"Need a smoke?"
"Wut"
"That moment when there is an epic plot twist to a movie that you in no way expected"
"Finally saw something good on Facebook"
"10 guy plays poker like a champ."
"The newest thing on fb"
"I found this on my newsfeed and i totally ignored it"
"Good old Facebook never disappoints"
"Well....That escalated quickly."
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"This just came up in my news feed..."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"That escalated VERY quickly"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Well  that escalated quickly.. [FB]"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Boy that escalated quickly"
"That went by fast."
"You never fail me Facebook"
"Wait what?"
"Mrs Bear Grylls [NSFW]"
"The warmest sleeping bag... NSFW  NSFL I guess."
"Just a couple... of lunatics. (NSFL)"
"'Sheeping bag...' ok...."
"Still  my biggest WTF reaction ever. (NSFW)"
"I thought they smelled bad on the outside. [gore][nsfw][nsfl]"
"chivas  dunhills  coke and 7pm lunch sounds right"
"One hell of a daily routine..."
"Michael Clarke Duncan (The Green Mile) has passed away. He was 54."
"R.I.P Michael  you won't be forgotten"
"Michael Clarke Duncan (Green mile) Dies at 54 from heart attack."
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan"
"Rest in Peace  you magnificent man. Micheal Clark Duncan dies at 54."
"Good night  sweet prince...rest in peace"
"Not sure if best or worst tattoo..."
"Another scumbag."
"Wheres his Facebook memorial page?"
"Well..."
"Photo from the open casket funeral of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov  who died when his craft crashed during re-entry"
"Best friends forever (x-post from r/animalporn)"
"Just you tube at it again"
"i m fruhm planuit earth"
"if u listtin 2 a skrilex song   u git deep nd meeningful lyriks"
"Hit snooze. I dare you."
"How I feel when Reddit is filled with funny posts"
"Me  when people argue on the internet"
"How I feel getting the first upvote on a link that later becomes popular"
"How I picture people watching WWDC"
"Watching a post finally do well on Reddit"
"How I feel getting 50+ karma on one comment"
"When I convince a friend to watch a show I like"
"A volta chiwawa"
"How I feel after the first sip of my morning coffee"
"haters are gonna hate"
"My thoughts exactly  Words With Friends."
"I am not ok with this"
"The only possible reason..."
"One does not simply..."
"One does not simply waka waka.."
"R.I.P. Shel Silverstein"
"This one just started  man size tissues at the ready (SFW)"
"Play Dead!"
"Tell mama... I love her..."
"Oprah Loves Bees"
"You get some bees and you get some bees"
"BEES!"
"Bees!"
"Release the bees."
"Bees"
"Look under your chaaaiiiirs."
"This one beats every gif out there."
"Everyone gets flying monkeys!"
"BEES!"
"This is probably the best way to depict what it's like walking around my college campus in warm weather"
"BEES!"
"BEES!!!"
"Oprah's gift giveaway."
"Stock photo sites have pictures that no one but us would ever want."
"Cool Starry Bra..."
"Cool Story Brah"
"wow Neil deGrasse Tyson with mullet and ripped  sorry if this is a repost  its just too cool."
"One of the many reasons I find Neil deGrasse Tyso so Attractive... dat Science."
"watch out guys  we got a bad ass over here."
"Holy alcoholism! (NSFW)"
"Beep! Beep! Derivery!"
"won ton soup delivery"
"found this while browsing tumblr..."
"Barack Obama - The Re-Election"
"Not sure if I got this right."
"Pimped up ride"
"I'm okay with Kansas losing to Kentucky because of this gif"
"skeyebrows"
"Don't question it... just keep staring."
"The brow can fly"
"Meanwhile In Russia"
"A pirate's worst nightmare"
"Why you shouldn't text and drive"
"Used corvette for sale  tail lights good"
"So this Corvette rear ended a semi....."
"Port Isaac  England"
"Wait... I have Tuesday Off??!?"
"Swag original."
"How I feel on my birthday."
"Nightmare Fuel [NSFW] - Warning: Contents contain clown"
"Just a clown and his bubble girl (NSFW)"
"Bring it back."
"The Creepers are every where."
"they're EVERYWHERE!"
"I get hugs all the time...."
"I need this"
"Well that about sums it up..."
"Just found this on facebook. Hope it's not a repost"
"Stop it Bible  you are drunk"
"Thank You."
"When reddit or youtube won't accept my long comment because of an &quot;error&quot;."
"I would eat the shit out of this."
"How I feel now that freshmen moved on to campus."
"Dat Ass"
"DAT ASS"
"Found this gem on my news feed"
"Someday.."
"Micro-crack in Steel through an electron microscope"
"Grand Canyon tilt-shift"
"Micro-crack in Grand Canyon through an electron microscope."
"The Good  The Bag... The Unlucky"
"I'd pay to watch this."
"There are some things in my house I simply cannot explain."
"It Only Took 20 Years"
"Don't think with it (mildly NSFW)"
"Russian vs. German vs. American armies"
"Every time I submit something to Reddit"
"I didn't want to play Baseball anyway"
"When the clock hits 5pm on friday and I'm in the middle of work"
"Shortest attention span I've ever seen"
"When I Open A Reddit Picture Only To See It's A Repost"
"When my mom made cake for me."
"&quot;I'm not playing this karma game anymore...&quot;"
"In the middle of playing video-games when I smell dinner"
"The most underrated comedy duo on television(FIXED)"
"Sitting by the fireplace.."
"Dream Fireplace (xpost from r/IfIwonthelottery)"
"My face when someone mentions that he's still using Digg"
"One of my favorite gifs to date"
"Christmas recital cut short by snotty kid."
"Come at me bro"
"Still my favorite: Come at me bro!"
"Come at me  bro."
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?!"
"How I imagine my dog feels after a day of training for duck season."
"Nothing... Just sitting here..."
"Funniest gif I've ever seen"
"Badass pug"
"Oh how things have changed..."
"Just a little bit softer now"
"Can't. Stop. Watching."
"Utter nonsense  but I like it."
"You know those minor embarrassing moments that you just never really forget?"
"Consistency"
"..didn't know Jesse was on the Price is Right"
"Fucking Toaster Strudels."
"Fucking sex (SFW)"
"Michigan J. Frog sings &quot;Hello My Baby&quot;"
"From the Stork;)"
"You are NOT the father!"
"How someone is going to make phat karma on December 19-21"
"Dawn of a new day."
"Close to god ?"
"This made me laugh"
"Seems like a fun game to me"
"Awesome graffiti art"
"Sounds like the perfect TV for reddit."
"You like watching cats??"
"How i feel browsing Reddit sometimes..."
"Sums up reddit some days"
"The final chapter for the Caped Crusader"
"the latest dark knight poster"
"this amazing man is back with an all new season...fuck yeah"
"Then &amp; Now FAIL"
"Tried to reenact the same shot 30 years later"
"NONONONONONO"
"Nokia jokes"
"drinking time"
"The technology expected in the next 38 years"
"Envisioning emerging technology for 2012 and beyond"
"Bill Clinton's view at today's inauguration"
"Apparently  this is Bill Clinton's DAT ASS face."
"Oh Bill"
"Amazing Bill Clinton Photobomb"
"Kelly Clarkson gets photobombed at the inauguration"
"Not Bad."
"Gotta love him."
"Bill Clinton creepin' on Kelly Clarkson"
"From Bill to Kelly"
"Slick Willie"
"This is why I love Bill Clinton so much."
"Oh Bill!"
"Soon."
"Behave Bill...just behave"
"Clinton! Hmmmm!"
"Clinton is at it again...oh  you dog..."
"Bill Clinton at the inauguration. Alright. Alright. Alright."
"Mr. Billy Clinton himself!"
"Good old Bill Clinton eyeing Kelly Clarkson (Credit to BrooklynSpoke for screencap)"
"Bill Clinton photobombs Kelly Clarkson"
"Bill sees something he likes."
"Oh Bill.."
"Old habits never die.."
"Nice... Singing"
"Brits don't seem to get why us Yanks have such difficulty with geography outside 'Murica"
"Bill Clinton and his thought process"
"Soon (bj edition)"
"Oh Bill at it again"
"Forever horny"
"Better than a pick-up line..."
"Why I don't like public transit..."
"boop"
"Peek-a-boo"
"when I look at the calendar &amp; realize my paycheck needs to last 3 weekends instead of the usual 2...."
"Oh shiit!"
"If robots start their revolution  this will all be presented as evidence against us."
"Oh  It is just the first lady sitting on Mr T's Lap in the White House"
"The strangest Christmas card I've ever seen..."
"Whenever I try to get catch my cat doing something cute"
"False alarm"
"Teach the Controversy"
"what really took down the titanic"
"Ahh  so that's what happened."
"Bird Bath"
"I used to be a kid like you. [Cross posted from r/Skyrim]"
"No not arrows  bullets are better."
"Batman recalls his past"
"im going to date a women that doesnt drink now"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk"
"Go home rainbow."
"Follow it and you'll find a pile of vomit!"
"No this is the worst teacher name."
"Grandmas with chopsticks"
"Oh grandma"
"How the hell does this happen?"
"In queso emergency..."
"Diablo Rojo! [FIXED]"
"How I play guitar when my cat is in the room."
"FACE it  you love this as much as I do."
"I thought you'd like this. Breaking Bad fans will."
"I put this together. Thought you'd like it."
"Now this  ladies and gentlemen is why dogs are the best friend anyone can have."
"Whenever someone posts a stupid gif with the headline &quot;best. Gif. Ever.&quot;"
"Friend wants to meet up to study for finals"
"spongebob doesn't give one"
"I know this old news but..."
"only three more bottles"
"Ninja Cat"
"Ninja Cat"
"Yoda's Human Side"
"Yoda's Human Side"
"Fuck Bitches  Get Monet"
"Medieval Avengers"
"Medieval Avengers (xpost from r/pics)"
"I love this part from spongebob."
"What's the worst that can happen?"
"Nothing bad will happen.."
"What could possibly happen?"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Oppa Kitteh Style!"
"Gangnam Style Cat"
"Gangnam Style Cat"
"Cats are disturbing"
"THE SPICE MUST FLOW"
"Wabbit Season"
"Rabbit season."
"Be very...very...quiet"
"The little buggy that could."
"Trying to win an argument with a child"
"I wonder how many times he died before landing this"
"BOOM!! HEADSHOT!!!"
"First reddit worthy shirt I've seen"
"Tractor"
"Oh there's my tractor! [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Interesting! (X-Post from r/pics)"
"Spongebob Tampax?... is it just me  or is that so weird."
"Oh shit!"
"Don't do it!"
"Aaaahh-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta..."
"How I feel when some tries to tickle me."
"Aaaaa-ATATATATATA"
"Master of Kitties"
"Deer  could you hand me my towel?"
"I am a deer... what am I doing here? (Hurricane Sandy)"
"What is the proper name for this baby wookie"
"Saw this guy on 4chan"
"Real or No?"
"Speaking of Eclipses..."
"Well... that's awkward..."
"Well... That's awkward..."
"Om nomnomnomnomnnom"
"Alpaca Schwarzenegger"
"My first kiss while I'm nervous about my boner"
"It was inevitable."
"&quot;The Last Supper&quot; painting was found to be a fraud after the true original was discovered"
"Jesus was pretty chill once you got to know him"
"Jesus is amazing at beer pong."
"Jesus is amazing at beer pong."
"The One True God Who Shall Not Be Named"
"We don't speak his name..."
"I found this on 9gag and changed it slightly"
"I always LOVE baby in my manwitch."
"The only thing EA did right."
"How I felt when I saw my girlfriend taking pictures with Instagram"
"Domata Peko (Defensive Tackel for Cincinnati Bengals) does Gangnam Style"
"Even 300 pound Bengals can gangnam"
"Domata Peko of the Bengals goes Gangnam style"
"Sack Dance With Style Gangnam Style"
"Oppa Bengal Style!!"
"My little dog with a big stick"
"Little Hitler"
"The view down Dragon Falls  Venezuela"
"Dragon Falls  Venezuela (xpost from pics  1680x1050)"
"Dragon Falls  Venezuela [1680x1050]"
"Breath-taking view down Dragon Falls  Venezuela"
"My little Mermaid"
"Oh No! She's coming back with a knife!"
"Produce Creepers"
"Scared peppers"
"Just wow."
"so damn curious"
"so some artist just turned his dead cat into a RC helicopter.."
"Man turns his dead cat Orville into a remote control helicopter."
"Helicopter cat. Yeah  I know."
"We can rebuild him!"
"Cat helicopter"
"Only in Germany... Dead cat copter"
"cat-copter"
"Flying cat!"
"I heard you ca..... Wtf"
"One last thing: Jobscopter"
"Dead cat as a remote controlled helicopter.."
"Some people are SO wrong!!!"
"Guys cat died  turned it into a helicopter...WTF!"
"smoke grenades"
"Amphibious assault vehicles firing smoke grenades."
"Meanwhile in Chernobyl [PIC]"
"Meanwhile  in Chernobyl"
"Meanwhile In..."
"I LAUGHED..."
"In soviet russia we trap big fish for you."
"Seen at an electronic music festival: The most embarrassing dad ever."
"How my friends must feel after convincing me to go out dancing"
"Whenever I realize I have work to do"
"walking out of disneyland"
"How it feels getting back from vacation and school starting tomorrow"
"Right in the middle of a glorious dream."
"Returning to school after a month long break of staying up all night and sleeping till 2pm"
"My Birthdays coming up and I'll probably forget  so here is my favorite Gif of all time."
"When I realized that I have more karma than all of my friends"
"Can't Stop The Swag"
"oh look  reddit left home"
"Note to self"
"The best medication"
"So I found this on my newsfeed today..."
"Its official I'm getting this shirt."
"Cummingtonight."
"I have to have this shirt."
"THIS SHIRT. YES. (x-post r/funny)"
"If you get with me you'll be..."
"You couldn't get more specific and to the point."
"Must Acquire Immediatly"
"New favorite shirt"
"Seen on my facebook status"
"When I see someone repost something."
"She said yes!!"
"Long exposure shooting star"
"Amazing Shot."
"That's a handsome baby  mister."
"Still my favorite face-switch."
"My favorite face swap"
"Role Reversal"
"It gets creepier the longer you look at it..."
"What?"
"Found a Faceswap Folder on My Old Computer"
"Interior Crocodile Alligator"
"Riding the bus is always an adventure..."
"Typical bus ride"
"Soo i googled reddit. I am satisfied."
"Negative image produces vivid color in black and white photo."
"One of my favorite types of sorcery...I mean illusions"
"Trippy Illusions"
"Come at me bro."
"How it feels to give upvotes to everyone posting in one of my submissions"
"Giving upvotes to everyone who comments on my posts"
"Everyone who posts something about the Mars landing."
"Whenever someone comments on my posts"
"H.R. Giger inspired wedding cake"
"Circle of Life"
"The main reason it takes me forever in the bathroom. Then and Now."
"Oh yeah? Well in America THIS is one of our largest smarties!"
"Sex can wait"
"For the first time as a redditor  I have understood an inside joke (huh?) as it happened and not a day too late. This is how I feel"
"How I feel after I get Reddit Mail after a long time...."
"Obama Is Quite Proud"
"Best friends forever."
"Favorite Toy (my favorite picture of all time)"
"Then and Now"
"Because cats"
"Some things never change..."
"I want to break up."
"Didn't know if this best fit here or in /r/creepy"
"Whenever I Get An Upvote"
"If people ever went through my internet search history..."
"Honestly..."
"I'd like to present..."
"No thanks..."
"I ain't playin' YO."
"We must stop this atrocity"
"whack a kitty?"
"oh you shared your honest opinion on Reddit [FIXED]"
"Visiting r/new"
"While we're sharing our favorite C&amp;H comics  here's mine."
"Appearances are deceptive."
"You are going to look at this."
"Not Your Typical Kind of Cute"
"He may not be fluffy  but isn't he at least a tiny bit cute?"
"Happy elephant is happy!"
"r/aww needs more frolicking baby elephants"
"I love you Bill Hader."
"Computer of the future (predicted 50 years ago)"
"Oh hey  nice to meet you."
"Sweet Wood Scooter"
"Hardcore Scooter"
"Piggy-Back riding when your older"
"How i feel just hitting 100 Karma!!"
"Lion Love&lt;3"
"You in particular"
"Statistically..."
"You will not escape my prison!"
"I wasn't planning on sleeping again anyway."
"It's a beautiful day for a nightmare..."
"Welcome to my neighborhood."
"when a baby is staring at you and the parents aren't looking"
"Silly Cee Lo"
"At the bar  buy a girl a drink  her first question is about kids"
"The gif I like to send my girlfriend whenever she tells me she's late"
"I see your Darth Batman an raise you Iron Batman"
"Ever seen half a mouse swim for it after a turtle attack? Mother nature is a cruel bitch at times. [NSFL]"
"How I feel like when I eat gummy worms"
"FUCK THE INTERNET"
"I know its just nature  but...."
"Clean fun for your kid's next birthday party"
"What kind of fudge...?"
"Meanwhile  at Tesco"
"For I did not speak of my own accord..."
"Jesus was a humble guy."
"for dear god why?"
"only in australia....."
"what have you done"
"The Difference Between Boys and Girls"
"Watch this classic trick done with style"
"Dinner's over  and so is your young blond haired life"
"No! That is NOT how you do the worm"
"You're not supposed to bend that way"
"Oh deer god."
"Oh deer.."
"Olde tyme haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"With my creationist friends..."
"graceful"
"Little Witch"
"The brown noise strikes another victim"
"Even dogs hate these things..."
"I see your picture of Johnny Cash with a cat and I raise you Freddie Mercury with a cat."
"I see you Johnny Cash with a kitten and I raise you Freddy Mercury with a Himalayan"
"Asshole"
"Asshole"
"Asshole."
"Dumbass"
"I present to you a donkey in a well."
"Why is this candy machine so F*@#%&amp;! loud?"
"When my niece tells me &quot;Twilight&quot; was 10 times the book that &quot;Grapes of Wrath&quot; was"
"FOOTBALL."
"How to pick up chicks."
"How to pick up chicks."
"floor buffer."
"Lessons in Centrifugal Force [gif]"
"Lessons in Centrifugal Force"
"When its 4:19 and my friends say we should roll a blunt"
"when a gif takes more than 30 seconds to load"
"My reaction when someone posts a video that's over 3 minutes long to r/videos"
"Folding underwear and matching up socks"
"Whenever I see an image post  try and open it and then notice it's hosted by Flickr."
"all these gifsoup gifs...."
"I decided to take time out of writing two papers to go food shopping. After I was done I saw my car had been hit while I was inside. The dispatcher said to go to the station to file a report."
"Google's Homescreen Title today..."
"GIF's on r/funny"
"Being asked to do something after getting comfy"
"Seeing 10 minute videos on the front page."
"&quot;Reddit is under a heavy load right now  Please try again in a few minutes&quot;"
"I actually did stuff today..."
"When bitches take too long to reply"
"missed my cakeday then thought..."
"When asked if I'd like to fill in a short survey after being on hold for an hour."
"Carl can't catch a break."
"Stop the spread of HIV!"
"Oh you know  working with scientists. Nothing major."
"Wishes Denied!"
"Gets me everytime"
"Trying to post something from Reddit to Facebook when one of your friends is a Redditor."
"Anyone with a sibling can relate (gif)"
"Trololol"
"My wishes never come true."
"USA swim team getting beat by France"
"How I felt after missing my first cake day by one day."
"Iron Man lamp"
"Iron Man Stained Glass Lamp"
"What posting on reddit as a beginner is like"
"People who post 'best gif ever'"
"The models for American Gothic  Nan Wood Graham and Byron McKeeby  1930"
"TIL &quot;American Gothic&quot; artist Grant Wood based the painting off of his sister and their dentist - here they are next to the painting.."
"Shit is a straight up sphere"
"No man shall ever interfere with that again..."
"As a Playstation Plus subscriber"
"Speed pooping [NSFW]"
"My friends dad is awesome!"
"one of the best GIF I have ever seen"
"Its always deeper than we think..."
"Had a few decent posts on here  then i got cocky..."
"Three guys beat up a pole"
"If you mess with him  you'll have to mess with all of us!"
"Redditors encounter an out-of-context photo"
"Oh shit! Pole!!"
"That Damn Pole"
"A rather reasonable reaction from walking into a traffic sign. [gif]"
"Fuck this post"
"Fuck this post!"
"That's pretty serious..."
"That's pretty serious..."
"Asian Duckface"
"Sexism"
"c-c-c-c-combo breaker!"
"When I think I've won an argument with my girlfriend"
"what it feels like to finally have a successful post"
"This is a jpeg image of a camel getting head"
"And that was the last time she ever asked to go to the zoo."
