"Definitely one of the weirder GIFs I've come across. Look at the text in the centre  the faces in your peripheral vision will become increasingly fucked up  but the second you look directly at the faces they'll become normal."
"So I hear Alicia Keys will be opening the Super Bowl..."
"The Joker Gangbangs His Way Into the Hearts of Gotham! [FIXED] (read the fine print)"
"Troll Cat: Piracy"
"Troll Life"
"Troll Cat"
"trolling cat"
"Yeah  I don't think so."
"Hiliarious.. Absolutely Hilarious"
"Absolutely Stunning!"
"Peter Parker is a cry baby..."
"my people need me"
"I see you baby..."
"Cheesus"
"have you ever been so angry you could toss a grizzly?"
"Origin of Humans"
"Sexting."
"Why I have no plans to get married"
"Well shit...."
"Oh shit..."
"Crafty Orca!"
"If you park like this you're awesome"
"That'll teach them"
"Beautiful underwater cave right in the middle of a city."
"Today is the Day  Dear Redditors. Bow before the new Queen of /r/ Stephanie Von Soulstare!"
"Scumbag Sparkly"
"Does my butt look big in this?"
"I will never understand people who look like this and think they are attractive!"
"Ummm?"
"How I feel As A Fat Person Lately."
"This game really needs a sequel"
"It's true on so many levels!"
".... MAKE ME A SANDWICH"
"Nice pants"
"Head shot"
"Lag Comp [fixed]"
"Man  I wish I could do this to all the kid pics on my FB feed."
"dog."
"Miss You Dog..."
"Even as a teenager  he can't forget Hobbes."
"Space Toothbrush"
"Wut"
"Kitten  what I think I'm saying is  sometimes  shit happens  somebody's gotta deal with it  and who're you gonna call?!"
"When I remove my pants after working all day and can smell my own balls. [FIXED]"
"guitar shop bathroom"
"I'm glad I don't work here."
"Animals Sitting Like Humans (xPost from r/galleries)"
"How I feel stumbling into an r/AskScience thread"
"I think it's foul"
"Forever a cutie"
"/b: &quot;That's nothing...&quot;"
"This should of been how the last episode went."
"The most ingrown toenail I have ever seen."
"The dude doesn't approve."
"When I saw Rihanna wish Chris Brown a Happy Birthday."
"Brazil reminds the world that there is more to life than medals..."
"Aww what happened to him???:*("
"Have faith in God..."
"Poor Guy..."
"This must be what getting a facial for the first time feels like"
"YOU READ IT WRONG"
"Trying to explain yourself in one of your posts  only to be greeted with downvotes."
"Enterprise Moves to Intrepid"
"Damn! I want the gif of this!"
"Lady  would you mind?"
"Picture of the &quot;Lion's Mane&quot;  the world's largest jellyfish  which is about the size of an SUV."
"Nope."
"just a little jellyfish..."
"Atheism is clearly the primary origin of our world's violence and hatred."
"Best tattoo you'll never regret"
"You Pullin’ a Fast One on Me?"
"A Present For Reddit Especially"
"An ostrich skiing."
"Better Ostrich Dead"
"Like I give a fuck"
"meanwhile in canada"
"Treestars!"
"Tree Stars"
"FIRE!"
"when my african american friend calls me &quot;mah nigga&quot;"
"More than just a horse... [NSFW]"
"Studying for finals."
"Human... What R U doing..."
"but .. it's sparkling !"
"Indiana Jones is a bit upset"
"Seeing Captain EO for the first time in about 15 years."
"Something something Modern Family downvote gif"
"Just found this on my external hard drive."
"Bob Marley and Jimi Hendrix playing soccer backstage before a show."
"Today is Bob Marley's birthday  here's a picture of him playing soccer with Jimi Hendrix."
"GLaDOS 2012 - CAKE WE CAN BELIEVE IN. This is my husband's submission to IGN's Video Game Presidential Election Poster Contest"
"Faith in humanity (mostly) restored"
"Wtf."
"The internet"
"The war was bloody brilliant"
"ALEX NO"
"Derp aww"
"/r/WTF... more like /r/meh"
"Facebook will stop Kony"
"How I feel as someone who has $25k in student loans"
"SOON"
"Soon..."
"Hi Ya'll!"
"the feeling of being home and pooping in your own toilet again"
"So cute  so... wait  what?"
"This guy is unreal."
"Canadian CSI"
"Einstein Liked Creature Comforts Too"
"Me after 10 minutes on r/WTF"
"Ducks can go crazy too."
"Too cool for school"
"Spiders. In the trees."
"Beyond lost in translation."
"Nice suit  Vader"
"What do we want? Time travel!"
"All My Friends Are Dead"
"Shattered Dreams"
"This show was great"
"Shattered dreams"
"Dat ass"
"Don't eat us  we're cute!"
"I keep watching hoping she'll do it."
"My favorite gif  to this day."
"I must go  my planet needs me!"
"Thug Life"
"F' the police"
"Earth as it might be."
"What will happen to the earth over the next few billion years"
"How I feel watching the 2012 Presidential election unfold"
"He makes a compelling arguement."
"I see your kitten and I raise you a baby dolphin"
"How it feels when my teacher gives me a second chance  after I forget to show work on a test."
"I thought  &quot;That's stupid. Wait  no  it's also true.&quot; [repost from /r/funny]"
"Police and rioters come together to... uh..."
"Police and rioters come together to help fat man out of trousers"
"Why I will never complain about being part of the &quot;99%&quot;"
"Typical 17th century MySpace whore"
"Trippy Stairway"
"Winter Snow"
"Ain't no one fucks with tiny hippo. Ain't no one."
"Tiny Hippo"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Don't mess with tiny hippo."
"Ain't no one."
"Wanna see a hedgehog covered in bubbles?"
"How I feel every morning while picking up breakfast"
"When people clap after a successful plane landing."
"Where do astronauts go for a drink?"
"Interesting."
"Start your morning with a sausage..."
"Hank Hill has a darker side..."
"Introducing the new  revolutionary gaming chair  designed especially for handheld gamers."
"Bad Ram Decisions."
"i really wonder what happened"
"How I feel every time I have to shave my balls..."
"Draw me like on of your French girls."
"How I feel babysitting multiple children"
"whats wrong with him? shaq is being harrassed.."
"Friend Posted this to FB titled &quot;Streaker at our game&quot;"
"What the fuck ever happened to these?"
"Buster Gets a Computer in His Room  Learns Life Lessons"
"Penn Jillette says it right about common sense and logic"
"Yo Mary  pass the motherfucking gravy!"
"I love last supper gifs."
"This makes me laugh more every time I watch it"
"Privacy please?"
"Adios  bitches!"
"White people."
"Charles  you asshole"
"Lads of GTA playing  well  GTA."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Radical Islam"
"Every. Fucking. Time."
"Who the fuck eats a taco like this?"
"In all the vastness of the universe..."
"What it's like having expensive sushi the first time"
"This sums up the last hour of The Open Championship."
"Move the Deer Crossing Sign to Where There's Less Traffic"
"The slippers of a typical Redditor."
"spongi is that you...omg"
"Little known fact: Sheep hate hippies"
"FOR THE GLORY OF SATAN"
"Why?!"
"Me  The Whole Time During Cabin in the Woods"
"how i want to respond when someone asks why i don't go to church"
"F*ck yeah  I'm a monkey!"
"Axe Cop...!"
"Now thats a proper Scarecrow!"
"Make a Wish has really stepped up their game"
"Meanwhile in Russia [FIXED]"
"Need the restroom? awkward..........."
"A sign of great planning."
"Pointless much?"
"This is an ad in yesterday's local paper. Fucking Lancaster Ohio."
"Is it?"
"Just making sure"
"Made my day"
"Doggy Hug (x-post from r/dogpictures)"
"Ooh. Ow. Eee. Ow. Ooh. Ahhhhhh."
"Taking a cab to penn station and the cab driver gives me a weird look."
"Looks like 7/11 ran out of cups..."
"7/11's Slurpee Day in Australia. Bring your own container."
"Hangover Cat"
"Hungover Lynx"
"Bone cancer"
"God damnit  Cleverbot."
"&quot;Like photographers assembling a portfolio of best shots  astronomers have assembled a new  improved portrait of mankind's deepest-ever view of the universe. Called the eXtreme Deep Field  or XDF  the photo was assembled by combining 10 years of NASA Hubble Space Telescope photographs&quot;"
"500 Hour Exposure - eXtreme Deep Field | NASA Hubble [2382 X 2078]"
"Have a seat human"
"When I get home from a friend's house."
"I decided to google &quot;Weirdest thing on the Internet&quot; This is what I got.."
"i went to the next one..."
"Huxley vs. Orwell. Which dystopia are we headed for?"
"Soon..."
"It is done."
"This hot tub is hot!"
"Woke up and realized it was time to ride the karma train"
"It's my Reddit birthday. Here's a pic of Freddy Mercury holding two giant cats."
"Is this rule real??"
"Ya  your candidate is better"
"World's first head transplant!"
"I think you missed a spot.."
"Forces of good and evil"
"Searched &quot;epic background&quot; on google  was not dissapointed."
"Just a gif of Neil Patrick Harris dancing with Elmo"
"uh oh..."
"Another kind of Alphabet... (x-post from r/creepy)"
"Be Like Mario"
"Life in the Universe"
"Woah just WOAH [pic]"
"So I went to r/spacedicks when my friend told me it was astronauts doing pranks."
"Accidentally walked in on my sister undressing"
"This is how my cat acts after layin down the law."
"Just let me..."
"If I had a house with a lawn this would probably be on it"
"Oscar Wilde had it right"
"Visited 9gag for the first time."
"Life just isn't fair"
"Dolphins are adorable WTF!"
"Fuck this shit."
"Show me your Vagina (re post from WTF)"
"mom and baby"
"Fuck y'all"
"Deal with it"
"Ninjas"
"She likes showing me what's on her tongue"
"First Graffiti on Mars"
"Not just clean shaven...WEASEL clean shaven! 0_o"
"I guess I'm going to hell for laughing at this . . ."
"From the onion  but so true (xpost pics)"
"Seems about accurate..."
"Now  I elevate."
"Your worst escalator experience?"
"Collecting welfare"
"Hairicopter"
"library dubstep"
"ATTACKK!!"
"It's happening... Soon they will rise!"
"Defecation of the Future"
"Tiny Liu Kang is awesome [NSFW]"
"Dat Baby"
"Saw this ad on Youtube..."
"Little help here"
"Hollywood gives us unrealistic expectations."
"when I realized I forgot to feed my cat before going on vacation..."
"Suddenly a wild babby appears"
"Obviously real  I mean come on."
"Everyday I'm Flipperin'"
"So this is why my electricity keeps going out"
"my people need me!"
"The garden zombies are coming."
"I may not go down in history..."
"To infinity  And Beyond!"
"I believe there are bad reasons to do things. Religion is one of those things. Here is a quote from Joss saying just that:"
"Bob Ross holding a raccoon...your argument is invalid."
"One Cool Cat."
"Cancer Awareness Lobster"
"guaranteed laugh for at least five minutes..."
"Derp Jesus ('tis the season)"
"Jesus Face"
"Solid snake octopus camo. cat (MGS4)"
"This cat better be named Harvey."
"I'm gonna get 'im... Oh  son of a!"
"What would happen if Nightcrawler could play sports?"
"Some fine art to help get you through hump day."
"Ahh  the golden years.."
"3 cats and 1 box"
"You can lead my country. You can lead my country so hard."
"he lives!"
"Statistics"
"What it feels like trying to get out of r/new"
"When your girlfriend complains about how you play COD too much."
"Hi"
"that's not how to get screwed"
"Wasn't my intention anyways  but thanks for the warning"
"Well  that's embarrassing..."
"Forever Alone Level: Ghetto"
"Whenever I read a newspaper"
"Polar bear"
"My reaction to the new Facebook changes."
"HIFW I put my iTunes on shuffle"
"OkCupid P.S. I'm creepy"
"My experience with online dating thus far"
"Look at it! Look at it!!"
"Forgot your windows 98 login? No problem!"
"Good ol' Windows"
"Abe"
"How it feels when I free up hard drive space"
"How I feel moving from a two bedroom apartment to a four bedroom house"
"My thoughts about moving into my Uni house"
"Just a monk being bad ass"
"Whenever someone submits a non-imgur link in an image-based subreddit"
"Let's see if a burglar can get inside our house now."
"Remember  remember..."
"He didn't have his brain on the ball"
"Well... I'm sure she's happy to see that"
"The most pawerful"
"Bathtime? You can't make me..."
"I would happily die if she asked me to..."
"Awkward white girl."
"Before CGI."
"Clash of the titans"
"Thirsty baby chincilla"
"How I feel talking to my mom on the phone.."
"Moustafa Ismail  24  has the largest biceps in the world (31 inch circumference)."
"Next Generation Unreal"
"It can't be!"
"The best looking PC game of 1997."
"This is how our country was formed."
"Oh Dumbledore.."
"&quot;Sexy&quot; imagery taken literally can be disastrous..."
"honestly  she should have known better."
"Say girl... lemme see"
"I don't think I have seen a cuter animal sneeze."
"I am Legend..."
"My $3 000 tax-return check came today"
"Realizing today that I've been here three years now..."
"How I feel after getting a refund check from my school"
"How I feel when I'm winning monopoly."
"I will follow the rules however I want."
"Photobombing Senor Sandy - Gangnam Style"
"It's All About Perspective"
"Why Canada is Awesome"
"Lance Armstrong biopic. A new blockbuster by Michael Bay."
"Good morning reddit"
"A very creative collage of zelda stuff"
"How I feel when I see these kids with &quot;swag&quot; ..."
"If you ever wondered what happens to a bee after it stung someone."
"Kenny Rogers is better then the Deftones."
"To all the SF win posts online..."
"Circle of Life"
"Batman isn't the best prankster."
"First thing Lego City reminded me of"
"The feeling of returning to work after holidays..."
"Just the inside of a Leatherback Sea Turtle's mouth. NOPE."
"Dear Reddit I present to you a new storm pic from Dallas last night"
"Who's on the ball? [gif]"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand I'll never be cool compared to this kid."
"How I feel when I upvote a new post"
"I miss the 90's."
"I was playing a game on my iPhone when this popped up... Seems legit"
"I don't know what to say..."
"The Last Dinosaur Died In 1927: The Fossil Record According To Creationism"
"What is love?"
"I'd be sad too  I hate seeds."
"Never bring a knife to a gun fight"
"[Gif] First world anarchist"
"Truth!"
"Hey there.."
"that one time i ran so fast i turned black"
"Well Reddit  it's that time of year again..."
"So True [FIXED]"
"So true [fixed]"
"Me trying to get upvotes on my Cakeday"
"This is how i feel after getting rejected"
"AMA request: Giorgio A. Tsoukalos (the Ancient Aliens guy)"
"Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Futility"
"Fuck the bus"
"Just bought Arma II to play DayZ  my reaction to seeing WarZ."
"Bugs maybe NSFW?"
"right after wiping your ass"
"What I tell my friends during the credits of Marvel movies"
"This is Windows XP."
"great pic my gf took"
"Mr. T is a boss!"
"The people of Mexico were lined up along the streets to see the Pope. This little guy thought otherwise."
"The dyslexic people of the world line the streets to give thanks to their god"
"We are all made of stars"
"Happens every night (told to post here from r/adviceanimals)"
"As a guy who works every weekend.."
"Finding a job being a recent grad"
"This sums up how I feel about Felix Baumgartner."
"Once your in Nam nothing startles you"
"ya. whatever."
"Lonely iceberg washes ashore."
"Walmart.....Is this really happening right now?"
"Nothing says &quot;I love you&quot;..."
"Meanwhile  in Libya... [FIXED]"
"I feel these men played such a great role in so many people's lives"
"How me and my friends felt walking out of our last final"
"How I'm going to walk when I am receiving my diploma."
"Going to the Party"
"I need to do more with my life"
"Hang En cave"
"Hang Eng Cave  Vietnam"
"Trash taking out the trash"
"The hero Reddit deserves"
"Sexy ass &lt;3"
"Why God? Why?"
"I like to go to r/spacedicks  post this  and then leave."
"This chick I was trying to get with started talking about how she doesn't believe in premarital sex and contraceptives"
"Found this gem while looking for a picture of an evil sun. I don't even...."
"Does this not look like a dick?"
"Quite Possibly the Cutest Baby Animals Ever!"
"Gotta get these in before Feb 1st."
"On a steel horse I ride..."
"Prince Charming"
"I made tea."
"Not a single fuck."
"Saw my ex post this on my fb news feed..."
"My girlfriend after being introduced to reddit."
"My running buddy"
"This will blow your mind"
"When my hairstylist asked if I wash and blow dry my hair everyday."
"Edinburgh Castle  Scotland"
"Trapped"
"How hard can it be to use a treadmill?"
"you know which fucking girl im talking about"
"The things I would do to have you back in my life..."
"Al Capone's prison cell"
"You might just what?!?"
"This pic will never ever get old"
"So I went shopping for clothes without my girlfriend.."
"My first impression on playing Kerbal Space Program"
"me doing tricks in the new ssx."
"Me  as a new redditor  trying to decide what subreddits my posts belong in"
"I'm not sure if this has been posted  but i just saw this on a facebook site under &quot;i fucking love science&quot; and thought it was reddit-worthy"
"WE AT IT AGAIN"
"damm."
"Always have  always will."
"Prepare for Trouble..."
"Team Romney is blasting off again!"
"Prepare for trouble and make it double! Wait... what?"
"i dont normally like pictures of insects....but when i do they are totally awesome! {indonesian dragonfly in the rain}"
"Egg-cuber: neato"
"Duel of the Cat"
"The extremely-rare &quot;Black Tiger&quot;"
"As if we didn't know how to tailgate already...yes  that's a keg!"
"Like a BOSS."
"Passing out with /b/ not the best idea ever.."
"A handful of kitten"
"This pokemon comic always makes me laugh."
"Confusion"
"BEAR PUNCH"
"ummm...you left your headlights on."
"check out my new mop"
"Revolutionary cleaning device"
"The new cat mop"
"How I feel after passing the final for a class without buying the book:"
"Do you think he is flirting  or making fun of me?"
"If it was real some redditors would have a bad time"
"Don't tell me what to do...even if your intentions are good."
"When someone points at my laptop and touches the screen..."
"My reaction when my brother told my parents my reddit username"
"When my girlfriend tries to talk to me during a cutscene"
"A dog within a dog....woaaa!"
"Dogception"
"We are the 1%."
"Blizzard responds to negative feedback on Diablo 3"
"What Valve employees are busy doing right now"
"It turns out the computer is a homo's devil machine afterall (PIC)"
"Dating in your late twenties"
"How do u like my 6 inch subs..."
"Go on  touch my tray..."
"Yep  pretty much"
"Paid holiday tomorrow? This is how I feel."
"After a hot shower  and manscaping my bawls"
"How it felt after my ex cheated on me and we broke up. Only to find out later that she got herpes from him."
"Feeding the koi fish"
"Mmmmm... Tasty!"
"Yum ice lolly"
"this is how i feel at work"
"I really want to play Katamari-Damaci after finding this."
"Why FB WHY?! Every app update gets worse and worse."
"Seriously? I'll have you know  this gave me cancer."
"Free falling"
"Clooney + Pitt = Two for the price of one!"
"Christianity is a religion of peace."
"&quot;Did I do something wrong?&quot;"
"We is Hot Tubbin"
"You can microwave them really hot and kill off any bacteria and germs!"
"How should your drunken nights out end"
"I've seen this so many times  and I've always seen it turn anti-clockwise  but then I found the second gif..."
"One giant size shit bitch bear."
"This Teddy Bear Will Get You Laid"
"The black cat analogy"
"Spending too much time online?"
"My conditioned response to the word lonely"
"Challenge fucking accepted."
"Sweet baby jesus.... *drools*"
"Heh."
"How To Kill A Walrus"
"HAPPY Birthday"
"When the wife says were having sex tonight SFW"
"It's my cake day! It's my cake day! I'm so excited!"
"How i felt after finding out it was Cakeday"
"The feeling when your post gets 1000 upvotes. ."
"Long Live The King"
"Let me just help you with...NOOOOO!"
"Woolworths Supermarket Australia fb page . . .like a boss"
"BEHOLD... THE RAPTOR"
"Skrillex and dubstep these days..."
"/r/gaben is at it again"
"Why???"
"Firecrotch"
"Unfortunately  these guys were arrested"
"Great hunting season"
"huntin'"
"Dueling movie posters"
"Interesting poster placement"
"The force is strong with these two"
"Friends forever."
"Escape the mighty Friend Zone"
"How I feel when I see a 6'2'' kid in the Little League World Series"
"A child's skull before baby teeth fall out"
"Sometimes you need not look passed the human body for WTFery [xpost /r/childfree]"
"Dieing right before a checkpoint"
"Graffiti"
"8 minutes..."
"Sizzlin'"
"Finish Her! FATALITY!"
"This sort of belongs here (a post from pics)"
"Becoming a MOD for a small subreddit."
"She's Real! (Source in comments)"
"Real Life Derpina"
"That never happened Jesus"
"Meanwhile in Washington  D.C. [GIF]"
"when my friend shows up with an o!"
"&quot;What are you  a gay fish?&quot;"
"When I can't keep my eyes open in class"
"Atheists vs. Christians"
"Aquaman isn't your b**ch"
"GROSS! WHAT THE HELL IS THIS THING?!"
"TeaBag'd - My friend sent me this."
"College"
"I don't recall this size on the menu."
"I don't know if i should laugh right now..."
"Underground Vietnam"
"I am the Pac-man (r/gifs)"
"Put your finger in your ear and scratch."
"When I don't want to use the hand dryer"
"Killing N64 controllers and your hands..."
"Alone on my birthday..."
"How I feel having my real life cake day on 9/11."
"Insult after injury."
"So Uhh...Why?"
"guys listen"
"How to get there...."
"Yeahyuhhh!....... Awhhhh fuck.."
"How I feel  living with college room mates."
"A redditors weaponry."
"Adam West as Reddit"
"A different view on Youtube's load animation"
"Crazy water"
"When I accidentally clicked on a gonewild link while browsing Reddit at school library"
"Nope."
"Oh shit  oh shit  oh shit..."
"When someone says something serious on /r/funny"
"So this just popped up on my news feed."
"Reddit has arrived."
"Rock  Paper  why not Scissors?"
"Forget Obama  I am voting for this guy!"
"When I see r/atheiests responding to Christian propaganda on Facebook."
"Best Dance"
"Igloo village in Finland"
"Advertising done right"
"All-natural umbrellas are the best"
"#swag"
"chinese"
"I could have saved a ton on therapy if I had seen this sooner."
"I'm Feeling Mighty Smart Right Now"
"Is this real life?"
"Is this the real life?"
"Human motorcycles. Whoa."
"Sounds like a good plan to me."
"IED Roadside bomb"
"When r/wtf returned to its roots"
"knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad."
"It's as simple as this."
"When the awesome link I submitted starts getting negative karma"
"National Geographic picture of the year"
"I await the end"
"The only thing I could post for my cake day tomorrow."
"When I'm at a bachelor party"
"How to catch a hotdog"
"GLRRRBGRRLGAGH Om nom nom"
"Biblical bully"
"And so it did happen."
"He must be a redditor"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Abandoned mill from 1866 in Italy"
"This needs to be reposted..."
"I win  r/WTF: Extreme face washing."
"Desert Rivers  Mexico"
"Air Guitar"
"Drink out of the jug AGAIN  bitch!"
"Dude..."
"&quot;Excuse me sir  would you like to learn about Jesus?&quot;"
"Hard in the childhood"
"Brian: most convinced atheist"
"Sunrise in a bubble"
"He didn't see that coming!"
"Every non-exam class"
"ok class  now find x or i'll rip your skins off"
"Say something brilliant..."
"Oh  House..."
"My awesome president at Comic-Con this year. He's doin it right."
"I like dressing him up"
"when you see it"
"SO cute and funny! makes me laugh every time!"
"America"
"What I want to say to eight year olds begging for iPhones"
"Creepy Wonka back when he was still Creepy Wonka"
"I didn't actually prepare anything for my cake day  so..."
"Here  let me help you a little."
"Draw Something Knows What's Up..."
"I was really excited for this one on &quot;Draw Something&quot;"
"How would you answer this question?"
"When my mediocre post gets upvoted."
"When my mediocre post gets upvoted."
"The first time i had sex"
"So How Many of You Look Like This?"
"Is Your Housemate a Dreaded Atheist? A simple Diagram."
"Those Hippie Atheists"
"&quot;Me if you use those fingers right.&quot;"
"Do your dance move"
"Roll out  little man!"
"Transformers: Robots in Disguise!"
"Transformers kid"
"The fuck!"
"Every time I see a reaction gif on the front page."
"MRW I miss my hour long terrace queue"
"Well  she looks happy...."
"What a cocky fruit"
"Dancing Ninja"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"Oh  so that's why Bison almost went extinct...."
"A pile of bison skulls  Kansas  1870s [1280 x 1001]"
"I'll have scotch  please. Neat."
"Fire Fight."
"Fire Fight."
"Hedgehog belly rub."
"Braided Cat?"
"I think I could take him"
"I know how you feel.. It's been hot out there"
"Morphing Star Object [GIF]"
"Volcanic Lightning"
"Well hello little guy..."
"Balls."
"Madre De Dios"
"This cat watches way too many Army movies"
"Weird"
"Something for the whole family to enjoy..."
"Crafting with cat hair"
"To fulfill the needs of any cat lover"
"Death Mountain anybody?"
"What 4chan thinks of Gabe"
"There are somethings you aren't meant to understand."
"We got our own thang"
"My new favorite gif"
"Zebra strut"
"Browsing the Comments of /r/ShitRedditSays"
"Didn't have time to check Reddit yesterday and it ended up being my cake day..."
"How I felt when I learned that our school computers had blocked reddit."
"Surfing in Chunks &lt;Rare&gt;"
"What Happens When You Die"
"Who's there?"
"Saw this gem on facebook. Couldn't stop laughing."
"Just a few friends playing a game"
"Going for the Front Page"
"Got drunk last night and tried to dramatically jump into my bed"
"So close."
"me rollerskating and wehn my eye catches something else!! !!!"
"Bathroom with glass floor built above an abandoned elevator shaft"
"Why God never received a PhD"
"'Why God Never Received a PhD'  posted on the door of biology prof Neil Hillier"
"Spider-woman (x-post /r/wtf)"
"It seems like every time I get ahead in life  THIS always happens..."
"The original first person shooter."
"HAPPY NATIONAL &quot;IT'S A TRAP&quot; DAY!"
"Me at a party  after they bring in the tequila"
"Super Cuck Norris..."
"Chuck Norris Doesn't Play Games"
"I wouldn't mind watching an entire movie based on this commercial."
"It's shit like that  smart design!"
"My GF just told me that she invited her Mom to stay with us for the summer."
"Indeed  they are not"
"I said the exact same thing"
"35 years separates these two pictures."
"Every Friday For 13 Years"
"Homer Logic"
"Troy's candy cigarette case (x-post from gifs)"
"This would make ToyStory better"
"white tiger"
"Barack Obama just keeps giving us more reasons to vote for him"
"The old marriage proposal prank"
"Odin's promise..."
"Odin wins."
"Jesus Promised"
"Colbert and Kermit - my first gif  a request by a friend!"
"Party like Ke$ha"
"That's gonna leave a mark."
"The majority of students on final exam review day"
"the moment your computer decides to be a jerk and nothing works but this"
"But....why?"
"Cat Norris is coming"
"Soup of the Day!"
"Best soup of the day"
"Dat pinky"
"Standing out."
"Catbeard"
"Redundant?"
"Ice Canyon.."
"What Starry Night looked like in Van Gogh's mind"
"I'd like to share my collection of 200+ Doctor Who wallpapers with you guys."
"When you don't downvote reposts"
"When you don't downvote reposts"
"Looks like someone didn't sell their summer stock."
"Sup."
"Damn it feels good to be a gangsta."
"Me  when a title of a popular post has &quot;this gem&quot; in it"
"how I feel realizing I missed my cake day by 2 days"
"I completely forgot about my cakeday while I was packing for college."
"Looking for a new wallpaper and I stumbled upon this. What the hell is going on here? (NSFW/L)"
"pug dressed for the ball"
"So  there is a massive riot that has been happening in Sydney today  and this was one of the fellow &quot;mini&quot; protestors."
"Meanwhile in Sydney  Australia... WTF?"
"&quot;Behead all those who insult the prophet&quot;"
"&quot;Children have never been very good at listening to their elders  but they have never failed to imitate them.&quot;"
"Googled &quot;the funniest thing on the internet&quot;"
"This guy. Has something against juice."
"Everytime I see something on the front page that I once thought of putting up"
"Curiosity has landed."
"Worst plant placement ever"
"MTV cancelled the Jersey Shore!"
"BB - This is how it ends (spoiler)"
"The truth behind Slender."
"In memory of the actually decent Spongebob episodes."
"After thinking I was just gonna 'try' weed."
"Not sure what's happening here  but DAAAAAAAYUM!!!"
"A Newborn Baby Gorilla Surprised"
"Newborn Gorilla Surprised"
"When something from r/gifs gets reposted on r/funny and gets to the frontpage..."
"How I felt when I forgot to turn off my Work Alarm Yesterday"
"Beyonce  in 1 simple gif"
"Paris  one hundred years from now."
"Cyberpunk Wallpapers. Paris 2084. /r/wallpapers"
"At least she's not smoking"
"Letting Her Hair Down"
"Chocolate hills  China."
"Oh Loki  you so silly."
"Well... This is awkward..."
"House gets it"
"This is how I feel dealing with customers at work"
"While having dinner at a friend's house and they start saying grace..."
"Bert and Ernie  in the flesh"
"Passed this weird sign "
"No mate...I'm alright  thanks."
"Laughed way too much at this."
"This cracks me up more than it should"
"Blood of the lamb..."
"Blood of the lamb"
"I wanna live in this place."
"Over the clouds"
"Suddenly  oven!"
"Oh... Hai... (X-Post from r/aww)"
"Hopefully this cute lil guy will earn me some karma"
"WU-TANG Clan ain't knitting to fuck wit."
"When a misplaced phone wakes everyone in your hotel room at 3am."
"Trying to come home quietly after a night of partying."
"Things that Bounce"
"People on their cakeday"
"How I picture r/atheism when something scientific happens in the news"
"What I think of the Reddit community when they see a repost (also first post"
"Here is a tiger. I was pretty confused at first"
"after drinking too much the previous night."
"My girlfriends first painting..."
"Good thing the middle guy was Superman"
"How I imagine most redditors in the real world."
"Old cartoons are creepy"
"Fair enough."
"One Hour to Live ..."
"If I had one hour to live..."
"Local child wins WHAT? Reddit  what's the most inappropriate thing you've ever won?"
"Why Redditors dislike Obama."
"Bullet to the wall. [gif]"
"Betrayal."
"Just a school of stingrays"
"Animated Gun Fight!"
"Iron Uppercut"
"Searching for a wifi hotspot when..."
"And all the girlies say"
"So this showed up on my fb feed this morning..."
"Just Darth Vader..."
"This is kind of confusing."
"Y U NO EXPLAIN!!!"
"Best disguise ever"
"what a lovely cat"
"Baby  what the fuck?"
"Started playing Black for the first time. This is when I found out that poison no longer hurts you outside of battle."
"Who let the dogs out!?!"
"I get knocked down!"
"Pupception"
"PUGCEPTION."
"Yo dog...?"
"Indeed..."
"Sparks [gif]"
"Panda Panda Panda"
"Taking lazy to a whole new level"
"I steal from the riches..."
"Hundreds of Cops  Firemen  and bikers show up to stand guard against Westboro Baptist at a Newton  Connecticut shooting victim's funeral."
"Oh man  can't miss this one."
"What a happy puppy"
"Nightmares for days"
"Need a good book? Why not..."
"Need a good book to read?"
"McKayla Maroney teaches how to Dougie"
"What it feels like trying to defend MW3 on r/gaming [xpost from r/mw3]"
"This is the front of my local library. Thought reddit would enjoy."
"This is the front of my local library."
"My library is a bookshelf. Top that."
"kid rides his bike  LIKE A BOSS"
"Holi"
"Paint war Berlin"
"I cant think of a good title. I just know this belongs here."
"Boom  colors."
"We all grew up to be like Squidward."
"This how I roll in them 24's"
"This perfectly depicts my life"
"I thought this was Amurica! (X-post: 4chan)"
"Not what it looks like."
"Prepare yourselves humans!! Evolution is not that slow!!."
"The obvious bias in this annoys me."
"Saw this on FB  looks like rape is in right now"
"Republican Propaganda"
"Republican Propaganda"
"Story of my life"
"Saw this. Thought of you  Reddit."
"To all those girls."
"Sadly  I know many people who would fall for this"
"The true story of The Wizard of Oz"
"Don't F*** with Charmander"
"Why i don't play CoD anymore"
"The three generations of U.S. Mars Rovers. Curiosity (right) is due to land at 05:31 UTC on Monday."
"How to identify rock. Yep  it's a rock. [Mars Edition]"
"Soo... I know what i'm doing this weekend!"
"So many things right about this picture.."
"Every morning. It's either a slow driver or  these damn Gateways to Hell. Making me late."
"So this film exists......."
"Funniest Nic Cage Picture I've ever seen!"
"GOHN JOODMAN"
"Truckception"
"Lizard Plays Smartphone Game [x-post /funny]"
"Good doggy [x-post from /r/VCU]"
"VCU Cops"
"&quot;I am very happy to be here today.&quot; (NSFW)"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Not Mr Fluffers"
"Welcome home son"
"end of autumn.."
"This shit really is starting to get out of control."
"My favourite piece of the internet"
"Hey Carl.."
"Poodle Llama"
"Here's a picture of a shaved llama"
"The chicken whisperer"
"Haiku Logic"
"Magnetic balls! The threat that no one suspects..."
"Best doctor ever."
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is also what most of us will look like tomorrow."
"Way to make me feel great about myself  Comic."
"How to fit a dishwasher into a washing machine"
"Dual time"
"How I feel when I find out one of my friends is also a redditor."
"so beautiful..."
"The perfect paint scheme for a smart. (Cross Post from r/autos)"
"Kill yourself"
"And we thought 80's family photos were bad..."
"I searched &quot;the best picture in the internet&quot; on google  I was not disappointed."
"I searched redditor on google and this was the result."
"Searched &quot;average reddit user&quot; on google  one of the first results..."
"Opposite day  Cage pretending to be overly attached to us."
"Don't fuck with Pooh"
"Wahne el porche strikes again  well  not really..."
"Winnie the Sick Fuck"
"pedo pooh"
"Eye see what you did there."
"Baby elephant helping a kitten out of a creek. SO FUCKING CUTE."
"Just chilling."
"Hey  I just met you..."
"Everywhere the light touches Simba..."
"Googled &quot;Atheist&quot;  was not dissapointed."
"My favorite meal of the day.."
"I really wish they would make the sequels to this"
"Soon [NSFW]"
"Shia Labeouf and Megan Fox"
"Should I go out tonight or stay in?"
"When I look for a bright spot in a group of idiots"
"me after beating heavy rain"
"be courteous!"
"HELLO THERE"
"Training session at Shenyang Sports School  China"
"Soviet vehicles used during the Chernobyl disaster"
"The truth!"
"Rudolph doesn't take shit anymore..."
"sharktopus"
"Humping robot"
"When i like a facebook argument post on accident"
"Whenever I see a controversial argument"
"Evil Bob Ross"
"Here's a pug on a horse"
"I don't know what this is. I don't know where it came from but damn does it make me smile."
"Don't Fuck With Me When I'm Doing Gorilla Stuff Bitches!"
"This guy likes his toy stuffed raccoon a bit too much [nsfw]"
"For all those times you had a beard  but no t-shirt by which to measure it."
"Why has this never occurred to me?"
"Just a couple of baby otters"
"Traumatized for life."
"priceless reaction"
"After browsing r/AdviceAnimals"
"Just spiders escaping a flood in Pakistan (2010)..."
"Art of trolling"
"When I'm sad..."
"The Reddit Machine"
"This is the world we live in"
"First world advice"
"In case of fire exit building before tweeting about it"
"How I feel most days."
"Oh the feeling of corn."
"This was on facebook"
"They will get married on halloween."
"Tighten those buns!"
"Boss left early  Time to..."
"Everytime I look at the sky..."
"Baby food"
"Baby food"
"shoppers at the dubai mall flee in terror fearing as sharks with..."
"One of these is not like the other"
"2D in 3D"
"Just found this gem  thought you guys would like it."
"Found a gem today"
"Oh it's picture day? I better look FABULOUS"
"This speaks for its self."
"Merry Christmas  Portal Style"
"Portal: Christmas"
"Portal tree"
"This didn't need a statue."
"Just realized Cash Cab has been cancelled."
"How I feel after quitting my job and seeing my boss in the hallway before leaving."
"Picture of a lifetime. They can get another baby."
"Just picking up the kids."
"Caricature map of Europe in WWI"
"Whenever there is a chain of 10 funny comments. (probably repost)"
"Googled &quot;How to get upvotes on Reddit&quot;...This was the first image..."
"&quot;Like this to save a child!&quot;"
"Business Cat is not happy with his employees."
"I need you to stay late tonight."
"Pelvic thrust  anyone?"
"Epic Response To Christian Evangelists"
"This really messed with my head!"
"Find out your sentence..."
"All Rocks Go To Heaven"
"Do dogs go to heaven"
"Oh nein you didn't!"
"Bad boy have a bad day"
"Still my favorite gif of all time"
"How I feel posting in the wrong subreddit.."
"they are doomed!!!"
"three ''grumpy cat'' moon (1920x1080)"
"My head exploded with rage."
"Makes perfect sense"
"When I See Those Hidden Posts at the End of the Comments Page"
"Snapped. (wait for it)"
"Dog used Tail Spin!"
"Starry Starry Night"
"Perfect Timing [xpost from r/pics]"
"Perfect Timing [xpost from r/pics]"
"Poo throwing is not a good look - thanks Belfast"
"WTF Belfast?"
"Really? When was the last time anyone did this?"
"Just in time for lunch"
"In A World Without Hostess"
"Seems reasonable"
"Oh!? Oh my god! Cake Day!!"
"When my favorite song comes on the radio"
"When my friend tells me it's a free bar..."
"I have no words"
"Tortillas [NSFW]"
"Kicking a sign"
"JACKPOT!!!!"
"Midgets pulling a plane  that is all."
"How to stay out of jail"
"Nothing bad could possibly come of this."
"Only in Missouri..."
"Seems a bit excessive..."
"The Viagra's wearing off"
"A gift... the scariest face I can think of  for my favorite part of Reddit!"
"Onward my steed"
"A redditor goes on a date"
"Dilbert Does Reddit"
"Sorry if my atheism offends you  but..."
"How I want to react after leaving my bosses office. HATE that guy!"
"Being a good father..."
"Very Soon."
"Pedal Bike Snowplow"
"I'm so embarrassed."
"Fishcake on MR. Walruses birthday"
"Don't look at me!!!!"
"found this on r/funny  thought it belonged here."
"My country needs me.."
"Someone please tell me what is going on here."
"HIFW I turn on my monitor that was left on the blindingly white Reddit homepage after several hours of sleep."
"It's never been a better time to be a man"
"kitten can - Once you pop..."
"Who designed this?"
"Just a kitten hugging it's own face"
"Worst Lay Ever {nsfw}"
"Still the best picture the world has ever produced."
"Cute baby Halloween costume"
"Seems legit"
"There are a lot of people with beards and flannel shirts here in Alaska."
"Looking at girl's group profile pics"
"Running out of ideas while writing an essay"
"First known picture of Michael Phelps"
"Still waiting on a sequel for this game"
"Boo  did I scare you"
"Daniel Day Lewis is a pretty convincing Lincoln"
"“What will Michael Jackson look like in the year 2000?” from Ebony magazine  1985"
"In 1985  Ebony magazine guessed Michael Jackson will have “aged gracefully ” and developed a “handsome  more mature look.”"
"Am I the only one who misses this game?"
"I just googled &quot;Idiosyncrasy&quot;..."
"Whole lot of NOPE."
"Cockblocked by live wire"
"Wild horses in France. Amazing photo."
"The Panda is going down"
"Did you see it?"
"*Gasp!* I just saw the AT&amp;T commercial on television for the first time!"
"How I felt when I realized that 4/20 this year lands on a Saturday"
"The Great Red Spot  originally photographed by Voyager I as it passed Jupiter in 1979"
"Sir...it was raining and it's cold  may I ask if you have anything to eat?"
"This is whats on Nickelodeon now. I miss Legends of the Hidden Temple!"
"My new  motivational desktop"
"Was browsing the interwebs  then saw this. Fuck."
"Life Before Google."
"New to Reddit  this is how I felt when I got my first upvote."
"How I feel about my job"
"When people tell me Reddit is &quot;stupid&quot;"
"Dude... Watch what I can do"
"Harry potter and the magic candles"
"Pointless Freak Of Nature &amp; What To Do When You See It"
"Peekaboo  I Love You!"
"I ain't got time for bitches  I gotta keep my mind on all my compositions."
"A rare image of a flying peacock [762 x 960]"
"Tall vs Short...Beauty lies in the eyes of beholder!"
"The average redditer's reaction to visiting /b/."
"Logging into facebook on 9/11"
"Whenever I play COD"
"What happens when I accidentally walk into the bra section of Walmart."
"How I feel every time I click on a wtf link."
"How I feel downvoting a new post to 0"
"So Peter pan seems to be cool now. NSFW"
"The disadvantage of being under 10."
"Facebook..."
"We've all been there"
"How every encounter with a girl ends for me"
"I have never been curious about a gif but this one ...."
"This is how the American motorcycle land speed record was broken in 1948."
"Every time someone interrupts me in Maths class when I'm not using my calculator."
"Every time I check my wallet at the middle of the month…"
"That horse really likes that police officer"
"Dublin policemaan checks well-endowed horse:NSFW"
"F*** the police!"
"Just another day for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police..."
"Fuck the police..literally"
"Sleeping husky"
"The new metal gear game looks cute"
"Rare glimpse into the life of the Beatles: John Lennon Snorting Coke"
"Battle Royale"
"Gaga keeps wearing different meat dresses. I think I've finally figured out where the old ones went."
"When I graduated with an art degree and started looking for a job..."
"I bought my boyfriend a synthesizer for his birthday."
"Just found a reason why 'Oral' and 'Anal' need to be typed in huge red letters on thermometers"
"Whenever i don't see the &quot;Warning:Gore&quot; tag before clicking on a link"
"Parkinsons Disease is not a laughing matter..."
"A sobering end to a good night out"
"After a night of too much drinking"
"One of my favorite .gifs!"
"The new Dell Walkman"
"I think it's time for walkman to make a comeback."
"Who needs an iPod when you have..."
"Crazy ex keeps trying to contact me..."
"The Intrepid Explorer."
"Dave Grohl on being grounded"
"Dave Grohl on staying grounded."
"Thanks?"
"The power comes in response to a need  not a desire  I tell ya what."
"When my gf asked which one of her friends I'd fuck"
"Cats vs. Dogs"
"Men's Washroom Usage Fee | 10c small penis / 2€ big"
"This is how you make money as a toilet lady (small= 10 cent  big = 2 euro)"
"getting to the front page"
"I Don't Give A Fuck!"
"Dear /r/politics..."
"Stopping take the wheel Jesus!"
"Canadian Bacon"
"Facebook's Timeline has gone public"
"My first thought when seeing the &quot;how have you cheated death&quot; post."
"No Dawnguard for PS3?"
"baby kitten"
"How i feel about Reddit after a string of unsuccessful posts."
"I don't know if you guys have seen this  but 1996 thinks it's awesome."
"The conspiracy that turned out to be the failed theory of a retarded swagfag."
"Take off"
"Headed to battle."
"How can you say no to face like this?"
"This cat is blind."
"Damn Human"
"Bertrand Russell - Fools and Fanatics"
"Well  then..."
"Smack [NSFW]"
"This is what the inside of my fridge looks like most of the time"
"No one fucks with pigeon."
"A show about a detective with OCD  and this is how they design the box cover for the last season."
"50 Shades of..."
"50 Shades"
"Sweet Hamster dreams"
"heard my grandma use the c-word today..."
"When you realize that you're the one that's wrong in an argument"
"When I see someone complaining about the new Facebook."
"Me  every time someone starts talking about computers in a movie."
"What I am thinking when a religious conversation comes up."
"Accurate tattoo"
"...This guy really is!"
"How I feel on Fridays."
"I want this kid to be my friend"
"Searched Arnold Schwarzenegger [FIXED]"
"Fat Chick Resembles...."
"Rest in peace"
"Perfect Description"
"Happy Graduation!"
"I'll just wait for you here."
"Time for a walk?"
"People on r/aww"
"Probably the classiest joke ever told.."
"You're welcome."
"Pretty Prez Rock"
"Viagra Headquarters"
"Have you ever been so mad that you..."
"The Unsafety Dance"
"idiot"
"superheroes are not online"
"Sexy Hula-Hoop [nsfw]"
"WHY"
"thats not what i meant"
"Black Man"
"Japan + out of context = huh?"
"I facepalm'd"
"Please remember to be specific... although it doesn't always help."
"How It Feels Being a Nice Guy"
"This gorgeous world map depicts all of Earth’s hurricanes since 1851"
"Playing spin the bottle and the bottle lands on an ugly girl  but my friend calls a re-do because it was an in-betweener"
"My (estimated) 60-year-old professor said 'We have memes in language  and on the internet. There are new memes every day.'"
"Magikarp too strong"
"Proud Mama"
"WTF... crosspost from /r/bicycling"
"When my Girlfriend lies about getting me food."
"I have felt the same way so many times..."
"Close enough"
"My first GIF sound mashup. I'd definitely say I'm satisfied with the result..."
"Stalking kittens"
"How I feel after typing a 10 word reply  and double checking my grammar for mistakes"
"How we feel in Florida"
"I speak for most Floridians."
"Captain optimistic vs. Pessimistic man"
"Hot damn"
"First post and I found gold"
"Random Imgur: That's one way to get training with explosives."
"Atheism Talking Heads"
"&quot;I know origami.&quot; &quot;...show me.&quot; [Matrix]"
"Found this gem saved away"
"That explains it"
"Emptying my locker at the end of the year"
"You know the difference between you and me? I make this look FABULOUS."
"But these are for girls.."
"What a dick head"
"So my manager asked me to whip up something &quot;awesome&quot; for the special board..."
"Mind=Blown"
"Mind=Blown"
"Im off work 2 days a week  GF just tells me she's 2 days into Shark Week."
"Let's rub it in their faces (SFW)"
"I mustache you a question..."
"Charlie Chaplin kitty"
"Tears of impotent rage"
"for my cakeday  one of my childhood heroes!"
"Tell me this isn't true.. [PIC]"
"My wife and me."
"Black Man Whale"
"Still one of my favorite picture on the internet"
"I cropped a picture of my friends dad on shamoo  it turned out better than expected..."
"I cropped a picture of my friends dad on shamoo  it turned out better than expected..."
"Googled &quot;majestic creature&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"The unusual suspects ......."
"Yay! About to hit 1 000 000 views!"
"Well this is just tragic"
"In honor of MLK Day coming up"
"Is it worth it?"
"Finding out that my cake day is on Sept. 11th"
"Beer killing brain cells  making you a better person?"
"Preparing him for the role."
"Playing CoD: World at War"
"Say it ain't so  Santa."
"man on statue"
"How long since these cats have been posted?"
"Bubbles! Bubbles  Bubbles  Bubbles!"
"After almost a year on Reddit this is how I imagine our clothing is made."
"Anonymous cat is anonymous."
"Well reddit  today is my birthday. Here I present to you a gif I've been saving for a long time."
"SAP Level: YouTuber"
"Don't stop"
"I don't mean to break the Internet  but..."
"So it's my cake day  I don't own a cat and I'm stuck at work all day."
"I see this happening more and more nowa days."
"Late...I don't think so."
"Friends are mostly stupid"
"I hate this about myself."
"See coworker enter bathroom..."
"Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by Socially Awkward Penguin"
"happens way too often"
"How I feel  as an undergrad  receiving the job offer I wanted!"
"Fuck this guy"
"no one invited me"
"curiosity"
"He never stops spinning"
"Oh hi"
"What the fuck did I just watch."
"Gas stations are dangerous"
"Just your average day for me. (GIF)"
"Animal Crossing was a weird game..."
"Wall-E + Aliens ="
"He watches you sleep."
"Videobombing 101 [FIXED]"
"every night"
"the Jesus"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus"
"The one and only..."
"just Jesus."
"At Xmas we think of Jesus."
"Xmas is all about Jesus"
"Did anyone like nursery/ daycare"
"Warm and comfy"
"Warm little kittens"
"What. The fuck. Are you looking at. (Accipitridae) [860x860]"
"How I feel every Friday"
"I found that I am officially Obese!"
"Come on  deep breaths"
"When i saw this Gif i knew the perfect music for it..."
"One day..."
"Log-Floom Troll."
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"How did the hipster burn his tongue?"
"Like I give a fuck"
"Omg! So cute!"
"Douchebag Partner."
"When I'm in a pool and I swim through a suspiciously warm area."
"Fall mixed with Halloween."
"Mother Nature: Skull Level"
"do ah barrel roll  do ah barrel roll  do ah barrel roll"
"This is why you should always accept the bullshit pamphlets from the religion goons. I used to say no thank you but they're actually very entertaining."
"San Francisco in Ruin."
"OMG SO FUN moon walk"
"It's hard to get tire of this picture_(FIXED)"
"One thing reddit does that improves my productivity"
"[1]"
"Searched &quot;bacon people&quot; - more than i bargained for"
"Microwave Demon"
"MC Hammer's pants would be proud."
"Because he's the hero Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now"
"One of my favorite .gifs of all time..."
"Robert Meowney Junior"
"One of the best pictures on the internet"
"It's not enough"
"Do I dare try it... Naaa"
"Hipster cat"
"Party's Over [gif]"
"Living in all guy dorm building when a girl walks by."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"When someone starts talking about their SO or children."
"Don't leave me hanging"
"This guy has an awesome sense of humour."
"Shark attacks kitten."
"Hello Kitty!"
"Not even once..."
"Meth - Not Even Once.."
"Poor Jim..."
"This post was never here."
"one of the best tattoos i've ever seen"
"I wish this guy was still on TV"
"I dont know who you are  but"
"Only a Redditor's reaction."
"What I think of most Cake Day posts"
"Happy Birthday"
"This gif sums up why i'll never be invited to birthday parties anymore"
"This is a repost. I just want the original to be posted of this ever recurring picture of a resting husky. The photographer has other just as interesting things in flickr."
"Jumping spider using its pedipalps as &quot;windshield wipers&quot;"
"SHIT JUST GOT REAL"
"This episode of Sesame Street looks ballin"
"What kind of monkey is this?"
"Reading the Times"
"Pumping Iron"
"Just pumping some iron."
"Religion does not always correlate with ethics"
"UK celebrity chef Greg Wallace's head does not stack well [x-post from /r/UnitedKingdom]"
"Heston Blumenthal's head does not stack well."
"Just another baby born on Halloween."
"This kid and his iron..."
"When my Friends and I see each other at a Party"
"Cool little castle"
"Look at this"
"Wow  look at this"
"How I imagine people in r/aww"
"Om nom nom"
"Bob Marley made from CDs"
"Ok  ready? Anddd a 1  and a - Ohhh.. shit."
"Thanks Princess!"
"&quot;Lair of the Trapmaster&quot; - oglaf"
"Overthinking."
"my favorite picture on the internet"
"danger: zone ahead"
"&quot;...Now take this empty glass. Here it is: peaceful  serene  boring. But if it is destroyed.&quot;"
"Yes. This is Dog. Now comes in GIF."
"The Windows XP Hill in 2006"
"Hello my name is..."
"Forever alone level ALIEN"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"Creepiest Commercial. Ever."
"Does anyone want some cream?"
"World's Tallest Dog - A Great Dane who towers 2.2 metres (7 feet 4 inches) on his hind legs"
"Apple"
"If you ever saw this guy coming for you  you knew you were fucked. (fixed)"
"It's my first cake day! So I can finally say..."
"OH SHIT! STRIKES BACK!"
"A Huge Mistake [NSFW]"
"live a good life."
"It's like the anti-Pascal's Wager"
"My friends sent me this after his son left for college"
"Canadian Transformer."
"Lambatman"
"Just some sleeping puppies"
"Bubbles"
"I give up trying to figure this out. Mind officially fucked"
"Breaking up like a boss"
"The balls.... (SFW)"
"Valentine's Day Gifts: Turning your horrible partner into a crazy ex."
"Cats under anesthesia on a bread rack."
"WTF is this?"
"Every time I open Internet Explorer by accident."
"So I decided to check out my myspace profile this morning."
"How I feel when I try to finish off the milk in the carton and there is way more than I had expected"
"'Merica"
"How to ride a motorcycle."
"For me? You shouldn't have!"
"He just finished grading papers before this"
"The image that single-handedly ruined my childhood."
"Cute chain reaction."
"For my cakeday  I present my favorite aww gif."
"Realistic Banjo-Kazooie taken too far."
"Makes you wonder"
"Quite old chap"
"I feel like this would have been important to fix before it took off"
"&quot;Footshoes&quot;?"
"How I feel after eating a piece of cake."
"Just jumping on the Misty karma-whore train.."
"how i feel when people post that .gif of Peter Dinklage clapping."
"My reaction to people clapping once the plane lands safely in Ireland"
"WE RUN THIS SHIT!"
"For everyone who's sick of the inaccurate quote  here's a corrected version."
"Dear 4 am  we have got to stop meeting this way."
"Canadian Problems"
"Canadian Problems"
"Look at this little guy I found in the street today"
"Feed me humans!"
"Better than Boondock Saints Part II -"
"Optical illusion"
"Crazy optical illusion"
"I am so high this makes sense."
"After every submission I make to Reddit"
"I just found out that the link my friend sent me was a shock site"
"After finding my Girlfriend's mother on /r/GoneWild"
"I don't always act like a human  but when I do I'm damned cute."
"Seriously!?!"
"Slide Dog"
"Oh my...god?"
"DE-NIED."
"Have A Silly Moose  Advantages to not using AdBlock"
"i get called that a lot"
"My reddit mobile experience"
"Don't look...."
"Savage"
"How I imagine other chicks on Reddit"
"Ohhh no... a fire!"
"Proper fire rescue technique...a how-to guide."
"Christian Bale's Weight Fluctuations... This man's ability to change his body is ridiculous (X-post from r/WTF)"
"Boss levels"
"Boss Battle"
"This is… perfect"
"O.O"
"I hste typos"
"It fitz"
"still the funniest picture i've seen. still."
"Stuff with Googly eyes part 4"
"What Reddit feels like sometimes"
"Googled &quot;how to reddit&quot; ... this is the first image that came up"
"To your Albert Einstein in slippers  I give you Albert Einstein in ladies heels."
"Have you heard of sugar gliders?"
"NSFW: Maybe she's a whale  but I still count her as my greatest sexual conquest."
"Just a typical NYC dog walk"
"Just saw this gem in the parking lot."
"You're welcome"
"Posting something on r/ Minecraft that isn't an amazing build."
"I did it. I made the connection."
"How to commit suicide  the cool way!"
"A man's gotta eat"
"This creepy fucker is how I learned french."
"What I think of when I see a tall/big guy taking French"
"When a bug flies in my mouth"
"More of GTA V"
"Just a sleeping dog..."
"A friend of mine posted this earlier on Facebook. I can't tell if it's some sort of fluffy dildo or a fluffy dog?"
"Just my dog being a dick."
"So I googled &quot;How to get on the front page of reddit&quot;."
"Agree or not  still pretty funny [Spoons made me fat]"
"Facebook is like an insecure girlfriend"
"Ipaid"
"Every time an iPhone goes off in a crowded room."
"This is a baby owl."
"Baby owls are unsettling"
"Fist beats face"
"I'm here to kick ass and hate MLP  and I'm all out of ass."
"A i am sorry cake!"
"What better way to say I'm sorry..."
"Monkey in a bathtub"
"My favorite cinemagraphs"
"Improvising."
"The sweetest thing I have ever read"
"Running through the E4 with an amulet coin"
"Oh God I Looked Again"
"Oh lawd..What are you doing Ronaldo?"
"Football romance"
"I love video games."
"BREAKING?"
"If you do this  then you're done."
"Here's a time lapse of my Accutane treatment!"
"New kind of deep sea monster discovered off the coast of WHARRGHARBL"
"Every once in a while  you see something so achingly beautiful  you can only cry."
"College Subreddits during the Winter break."
"The logic of Islam extremists [fixed]"
"Meanwhile on Google+..."
"You had ONE job"
"I failed.(x-post from dayz)"
"she said she was a stumble upon girl... challenge accepted/won"
"I think I might marry this one..."
"Alpha Male."
"He can't control his hunger"
"stuff i learn in biology class!"
"How I feel in a boring lecture with my laptop"
"My entire Spiderman folder (131 images)"
"Of course not  you're a dog."
"What it is like to play Terraria with my little brother"
"I ain't even mad."
"Why doesn't it clo... &quot;oh...&quot;"
"One of my favourite Halloween costumes...."
"This cat is a BOSS!"
"Please have a seat over here"
"I guess he got what he asked for."
"Still gets me every time"
"Psychic Assaulted"
"Well  if you insist."
"Happy 4th of July!"
"A little bit of artist..."
"my favorite face swap"
"WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?"
"How I feel when I get go to r/funny to find all unread links"
"&quot;You are not the father!&quot; - Cat Edition."
"What the fuck was he thinking?"
"Kickass Wedding Seating Chart"
"Me playing Black Mesa"
"And don't it feel good!"
"achivement get: kill enough pigs or cows to have your entire inventory full of meat and leather."
"Saw a mom sloth and her baby up in a tree (through a spotting scope)"
"Thou hast been served"
"Shel Silverstein still gets me with this one even after all these years"
"Found in a public restroom...Are you John Connor?"
"Elephants were much classier in the 1930's"
"Happy Ray jumps for joy"
"My battle.net was hacked"
"I don't really know how relaxed I'd be in a hot tub that was suspended from a 600 foot high bridge."
"My reaction when I stumbled into /r/popping."
"I laughed harder than I should have..."
"They always get out of hand"
"He hasn't steered us wrong yet. Odin 2012"
"not bad"
"This is a hairless bear....do NOT fuck with bears"
"Have you ever wondered what a bear looks like with no hair?"
"bath time"
"Awesome Dark Knight Rises street art"
"Dark Knight Rises 3D Street Art in Madrid"
"Amazing Dark Knight Rises 3D Sidewalk Art in Madrid"
"Snail and the Drop of Rain"
"This was taken in my city  this is a problem. (Story in comments)"
"Cops in Canada"
"A Howitzer Being Fired"
"Shark week is right around the corner  here is a shark fact"
"No idea what this is  but I'm down. I'm taking Swanson in 5."
"I would definitely watch this."
"New twist on &quot;Whiskey Dick&quot;."
"Jack and Jill"
"Facts about water"
"Oh  I know why"
"Oh shit  my bad."
"This knee is your knee. This knee is my knee."
"Liu Kang vs. Skater"
"A slightly different take on the Tortoise vs the Hare"
"How to insult LOTR  Star Wars &amp; Harry Potter Fanboys with a single image"
"My first attempt with the PhotoShop"
"r/science today"
"Me after first day of college."
"Right in the feels..."
"Ah Good Sir"
"That look"
"Huge tree"
"Cheese!"
"Everytime I start dancing breaks"
"How an Australian feel's downvoting an american"
"Peekaboo!"
"Peek a boo!"
"when i think i've posted something funny on reddit"
"Krsh  Houston..."
"For you coffee lovers."
"The End of Spoilers"
"STAMOS!"
"Duuuhr"
"My reaction when I tell someone that I'll get off the internet soon"
"Trying to make it to the front page"
"In an emergency...."
"A man trying to fuck up a sign rage comic style"
"If I wrote a book (fixed)"
"I will always love y- [xpost from /r/gifs]"
"Bad snowman"
"There can be only one"
"Giant holiday ice marbles!"
"Umm close Siri  very close.."
"Oh Siri  you filthy thing...."
"Siri  turn the music off."
"That's a bit harsh  Siri."
"Siri gives zero fucks."
"Oh Siri"
"Now we know who Siri will vote for..."
"It has been a year since a great tragedy struck the east coast. We said we will never forget!"
"The great quake of '11"
"Oh Children...."
"I made you something  Reddit."
"Dinner Time!"
"I am so confused"
"Oh Children..."
"Ariel Bold Italic Black."
"Top 10 tips to end rape"
"I know I'm not a Student of Art  and I know it's hack to make fun of this stuff. But seriously  people. SERIOUSLY? [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile in 1995..."
"How do I look?"
"He's sexy and he knows it."
"Mail  I am your holder."
"A friend says this is a picture of an actual drone. I'm trying to find the original artist of this 'shop. Help please?"
"Steady now..."
"Metal."
"I want to own this robot"
"im out"
"It's a trap! (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Trippin' goats."
"It's kind of getting old..."
"Seriously it's kinda getting old..."
"Trying to take off her bra with one hand"
"Pressing F5 during Obama's AMA (Borrowed GIF)"
"I thought this when I got into my car and there was a random blanket tossed over the back seat..."
"CRANE style...?! [xpost from gifs]"
"Yes sir  you do have lovely breasts."
"Oh hell no"
"Words to live by."
"Hallowsheen"
"Latest Image from Curiosity Rover"
"legal pedophilic circus"
"white girl wop"
"My response the when I reached my first 100 karma"
"when i find something in the store i've seen on reddit.."
"omg so haaaawwt."
"You still killed Dumbledore."
"Impossible Guitar"
"Pretty amazing!"
"Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle  Yeah!"
"Wiggle  Wiggle  Wiggle!"
"The goat's up next."
"People are complaining about the lack of OC  Here is a repost of some OC someone else did..."
"How much I really care."
"How do you know you've had enough internet for the day?"
"Puppies!"
"Psychedelic Reindeer"
"I... I dont... Wha?"
"How I would feel making it to frontpage"
"When I'm alone at a party and then my best friend shows up"
"How I would feel making it to the front page"
"simply beautiful"
"OF ALL THAT IS AWESOME!"
"Busted!!!"
"Well this is awkward."
"THX slinky"
"Dropping a slinky"
"Milk power"
"Finally  we can open up pizza shops in North Korea!"
"North Korea reverses stance on pizza"
"Uranus: not even once"
"As someone who does not play WoW...is this supposed to be Kung Fu Panda?"
"Starry Night in motion [Gif](x-post /r/woahdude (x-post /r/WTF))"
"bad mother"
"the song and the gif sync perfectly"
"Who I imagine repostsers are [FIXED]"
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 7 minutes.&quot;"
"Puppy romance"
"Well that explains a lot &quot;FIXED&quot;"
"&quot;and in case your ears are fucked..&quot;"
"When my ex-girlfriend showed up and wanted to get back together"
"When I want to fap but my housekeeper won't leave"
"boing… boing…"
"Trampoline Elephant"
"Yippee Ki Yay Mother Fucker"
"The dude likes his milk"
"Took my kid to Legoland the other day. This is all I saw as we took off our shoes to play."
"Stop signs are gangsters too..."
"When somebody at work tells a racist but funny joke."
"My girlfriend asks me to throw away her tampon..."
"When asked if I'm Christian"
"When my husband suggest anal. . ."
"Saw this on facebook and I'm not sure if it's photoshoped or not. I was guessing reddit would know better."
"Excuse me  I believe you have my flair..."
"How I feel while playing FIFA after smoking a huge bong of kief"
"No stopping"
"When I realize how long I have been on reddit."
"Badass queen"
"Being called Luke and born today  this is how I feel when people say &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot;."
"This is how I feel talking to the coworker I dislike..."
"When people make the same terrible jokes about my name. My name is Chase."
"Me when my colleague repeats his bad joke for the 100th time"
"Dr. Hawking is ready to party."
"Sup.."
"Jesus the magician"
"So fresh"
"I don't remember seeing this in Power Rangers..."
"Yes please!!"
"I wish I had these controls"
"Why hasn't this caught on?"
"Cat Carrier"
"I need to get one of those new cat carriers"
"1 pentagram pepperoni pizza please"
"Reddit is down."
"Movie posters with one letter removed"
"I've accepted this is going to be the only trophy I'll ever get [FIXED]"
"Haters gonna hate"
"A resident of Kyoshi argues with the corner of a house and loses [X-post /r/TheLastAirbender]"
"Forget Amnesia and Slenderman  this shit still scares me."
"Robert Brownie Jr."
"Vampire Kitty"
"Props."
"SKELETOR"
"My Favorite Nope Gif"
"It Finally  Actually Happened."
"I know I do"
"F-18 Fighter Jet"
"When I see a nice genuine comment on Reddit."
"Hallelujah!"
"This photo from r/aww is crying out for some 'shopping"
"Oh Hi.... i m Bean"
"This would have made this film so much better"
"Seymour is never gonna believe this"
"We can't live without bacon.."
"Checkmate  Atheists."
"Checkmate atheists"
"paint me like one of your french girls"
"This belongs here"
"Hey  take a picture of me and the fislfulfugufugflgflug"
"Drop the Bass"
"Drop the Bass [x-post from GifSound]"
"Probably a repost... but YAY FOR CORGIES in lifejackets jumping into water!"
"Welp  time to shut down the internet  because it has officially peaked."
"r/aww production chain"
"I'm told Reddit likes cats"
"Up  Real vs Movie"
"David Hasselhoff and Gary Coleman"
"Baby Otter Likes Tickles"
"Spooky  yet beautiful."
"I'm still waiting for another game with these little guys in it..."
"dog's butthole looks like jesus christ"
"Terry Crews at his best"
"&quot;True Story&quot; From George Takei"
"Something about this is pretty ironic..."
"Hipster Trap"
"Searching Ebay for Fallout stuff when suddenly...."
"On the subject of Jersey Shore... I never get tired of this gif"
"All hail Hypno-Cat!"
"No means NO"
"Heeeeeyyy  Sexy lady...wait."
"Gangnam Regret? (Popped up on facebook)"
"Cruisin'"
"Creepy batman"
"He is the hero that your bathroom deserves."
"Batman sure is a nice guy."
"Macho Man LOVES hamsters (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Can someone explain this to me?"
"Jehovah versus The Stroke"
"Every time I look at my Facebook newsfeed."
"First time I had sex. MFW."
"Real thug life"
"Found out my ex got engaged the other day  to a guy she's been with for a little over a year. This is how I feel today."
"The best olympics related gif i could find"
"Your move  zombies..."
"So its finally Summer in Britain.."
"The moment I realize I'm on the internet  and it's April Fool's."
"Stay classy  Christians"
"Dumbledore doesn't give a shit."
"If this isn't the AWWest of them all..."
"So this just popped up on my newsfeed. Not sure if a repost..."
"No one will notice..."
"Checkmate Atheists!"
"Foo Fighters Conspiracy"
"I just don't get it how billions of people could believe these theologies without questioning this (im sure this is probably a repost but i really dont care)"
"Never thought about it till now"
"Attempted Murder"
"I'm going to have to take you to jail for..."
"Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich"
"Why I love Bill Cosby"
"The system is fucked"
"Das cake was soo gewd  und Im already pooping"
"Think outside of the box"
"Got what he deserved"
"Am I doing this right?"
"Hipster goose."
"hoi! gets me every time"
"It's not you... It's me..."
"Advanced technology"
"80% of Pokemon gameplay"
"A cold heart"
"Every Rhino meme submitter in AdviceAnimals after those moments."
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"Oh  Banksy!"
"How people manage to do this... i don't know"
"I can stay awake  I know I can"
"Hai Sun"
"Gingerbread Crack House."
"After reading reddit for 7 months [first]"
"All I ever do when commenting on Reddit anymore.."
"The Gratest Slide"
"The Gordan Freeman who waited"
"A good picture to post on Facebook to mess with people"
"How I look when watching &quot;wait for it&quot; posts"
"Surfer Girl [alternate version]"
"Boy  that escalated quickly."
"I hope this puts a smile on your face  reddit."
"some serious positive reinforcement"
"Well that worked better than I expected"
"You're a real bro  Jeremy"
"OH HELL NOPE"
"My grandpa was a coin collector. He passed away a couple years ago and I just finished one of his collections today."
"Frank Zappa and a cross-eyed cat."
"Looks like I'll be playing with my own pokeflute tonight."
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"This is why we can't have nice things"
"His name is BOSS"
"regardless of my take on the war  this pic always gets me..."
"This is how I feel after watching 45 minutes of the Norway time capsule live stream"
"And he though of nothing  because he was a cat"
"Story of my life"
"I also Googled my username"
"Bring your kid to work day {NSFW]"
"Wholesome family Christmas (NSFW)"
"Happy Holidays! [NSFL]"
"Happy Hood Christmas!"
"Cat Tunnel Sofa"
"stopping thief LIKE A BOSS"
"Whenever a girl I like talks to me"
"Space Jew #2"
"Don't be that guy..."
"Cheap cable management"
"Apparently there is a fellow redditor at the animal shelter I volunteer at..."
"Calvin and Hobbes on life"
"Grown up..."
"How Reddit reacts to nerdy girls."
"Is it bad that i do this?"
"When my son took a shit on the floor outside of the bathroom"
"Take that hipsters!"
"Best job ever..."
"The price of being a sheep is boredom."
"What happens when you feed your cat a web fish in Torchlight. (x-post from r/aww)"
"Bubbles is so excited for Halloween!"
"He should be more careful"
"Cooking logic"
"Differences Between 9gag and 4chan and REDDIT [Fixed]"
"Crazy little thing called Love"
"Game villains with good intentions"
"Game villains with good intentions (from cracked)"
"The tuck"
"Who knew Boaz had a lot of cousins?"
"Just lazing through these hot summer days..."
"I wonder if it tasted funny..."
"Guuurl  you for real??"
"Can't even imagine the size of the shit they just took."
"Divers' faces mid-dive"
"Every time I head over to /r/gonewild"
"Joseph was not convinced."
"Visited my local Hollister store recently and saw this."
"Wait  is that what I think it is.."
"About 1 in 50 million lobsters have this coloration"
"Otter being ottery"
"Went whale watching when all of a sudden..."
"How did the dinosaurs die ?"
"It's truly a tragedy..."
"how did dinosaurs die?"
"How did the Dinosaurs die?"
"Rebel without a cause"
"What is happening here?"
"So this came up on my newsfeed  any ideas on wtf is going on?"
"I finally found one!!"
"How I feel when the U.S wins a gold medal."
"Best Pumpkin Dance Yet"
"It's my Reddit birthday and I'll cry if I want to"
"This happens this year"
"So... you hate your job"
"99 Luftballons"
"&quot;knocked the fuuck ou....WTF&quot;"
"DJ Heisman"
"Hulk &quot;SMASH&quot;!"
"All men can feel this too"
"Wait...is..he? No...MY BALLS!!!"
"Bullseye"
"When Bubbilicious Attacks"
"Karma at its finest."
"How I feel correcting Reddit grammar and then getting downvoted myself... [FIXED]"
"My laptop background. I always feel bad after watching porn."
"As a warehouse worker  this is how I feel at my job."
"The birth of a monster..."
"Might be a repost  but I've been watching this for about twenty minutes now."
"Take on me."
"Giving Mama a kiss"
"My go-to line on first dates."
"Hanging out with someone I don't know (when sober)"
"Spongebob goes to High School"
"First thing I'd do with a portal gun [FIXED]"
"Taken 2"
"when my friends get mad because i am always on reddit"
"Hope it's not Devil's Food Cake."
"A Sugar Glider dream-boxing"
"What's on Reddit today? [Fixed]"
"After a three-day bender during finals week and an exam tomorrow."
"How i Feel as my post gets downvoted to mexico.."
"So school just started."
"American Money."
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"I feel bad for laughing at this."
"IM going straight to hell for laughing at this  but..but. I can't stop!"
"My new favorite gif  strangely calming."
"Unicorn strikes."
"Everyone On Google Today [Fixed]"
"Good advice."
"Karmawhore"
"How my girlfriend expects me to react when I get hit on."
"Glock Underwater"
"Fields of lavender in France."
"Can You Draw This Ship?"
"Quality"
"Life Experience."
"That is Mr. Kitty to you kind sir."
"Yes  quite"
"Damn Atheists..."
"I think the &quot;trippygifs&quot; tag in the corner sums this up right"
"Nothing to see here  please kindly move along."
"reflection..."
"Keep calm and"
"The concept of Santa"
"How I feel when I wake up next to a hot girl after drunk sex."
"At least the heating works"
"No touchie!"
"Thought you guys would appreciate this (xpost from /gifsound)"
"Let's get married!"
"A serious issue."
"Gateway Drug"
"Rappers Delight"
"Someones day is off to a bad start"
"Thanks Google..."
"MFW I see someone attractive"
"Wisdom of the Llama"
"The Truffle Shuffle [fixed]"
"My &quot;I just finished my last final exam&quot; Dance"
"I never dance because I look like this."
"How I feel when I get 20 upvotes."
"That's right sweetheart!"
"When my friends have no karma"
"When I get called up to get my diploma."
"BAM!"
"BRING ON THE SPIDERS!!! I am prepared..."
"Japan has the best sales."
"Christmas was scary in Yugoslavia"
"Crazy Clown Christmas"
"Engineering flowchart"
"It's Batcat!"
"[NSFW] /r/baltimore Reddit meetup: GREAT SUCCESS"
"Why would you throw that away?"
"Oh look at the time."
"Reposts."
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"This is Mars Curiosity right now."
"A Nuclear Explosion"
"Cooking Level: Mexican"
"Time Management Level: Woman"
"As an American  this is how I see the election season so far."
"guess who"
"Greatest gif of all time"
"Faroe Islanders catching and slaughtering pilot whales"
"This has been essential on my road trips. I hope other Ents will find this just as useful"
"So that's how a sewing machine works...."
"Oh shit  man  what are you doing? And why?!"
"Cuter than a cat? I think so."
"What couples do when they're alone at home"
"Smart Move"
"Bruce Lee hits you with some philosophy"
"This is why Bruce Lee is my idol."
"So... My 60 year old father sent me this today. Be honest  guys  is my dad on crack?"
"When you see your friend IRL on the front page"
"Yo man wait up!"
"Yo Man  Wait up!"
"What you lookin' at  human?"
"Science and Religion."
"You know you wanna do this.."
"Bone bicycle (fixed)"
"a semi-NSFW motorcycle"
"The rare image showing both day and night on earth. Amazing![414x414]"
"Nature does not approve of your post."
"I think this is how my grandma thinks the internet works."
"When I find a post I relate to..."
"To protect the hood and its reputation... [x-post from r/funny]"
"Team Rocket from the hood"
"Frosted Flakes"
"Well  this is awkward"
"Tetris and Philosophy"
"If Tetris has taught me one thing..."
"Multi-Tasking Staircase"
"Anything for the shot! (When you see it...)"
"Move bitch  get out the way bitch get out the way!!!!"
"Shame..."
"You are right..."
"Found this in my schools bathroom."
"It was aliens!"
"How I feel arguing politics on facebook"
"Must..keep.. working."
"How I felt as a Windows Vista user"
"The origin of seems Legit (FIXED)"
"Anti-Prohibition rally  circa 1930's. Today marks the 79th anniversary of the repeal of prohibition."
"When my guy friend told me he was reading 50 Shades of Gray..."
"If at first you don't succeed..."
"Is it bad that i'm rooting for the sharks this time?"
"An overwhelmingly cute bundle of warmth"
"Freddie Mercury's awesome cat vest"
"How to get guys to wash their hands..."
"How I feel after getting upvotes for a clever comment"
"The people of Reddit  described in one gif"
"As long as these reposts are getting karma  here is Reddit in a nutshell"
"She Almost had a Heart Attack... or a Dick Attack"
"My friend found this when he opened his freezer this morning"
"Being an Australian redditor"
"Why are there so many Ostriches"
"Abercrombie and Cat"
"Makes me cringe."
"gotta love bikini girl flops"
"I couldn't help myself n_n"
"An Iraqi child  drawing airplanes that are dropping bombs  with a marker taped to his amputated arm"
"A young Obama chilling."
"How I Feel When I Have Morningwood and Have to Pee"
"Everybody deserves to be treated equally"
"... Or normal!?"
"How to wash a cat"
"They say we can't drink but they wanna play"
"Gets me every time."
"Coolest watermelon I've ever seen"
"Coolest watermelon I've ever seen"
"They're so nice to eachother..."
"A once in a lifetime shot of America's male synchronized swim team this past Olympic season."
"Endeavour  left  and Atlantis  right facing each other one last time."
"The world's most expensive game of chicken."
"One Shall Stand... One Shall Fall!"
"Airburst"
"One of my Professors Uploaded This Picture of the North Korean Rocket Launch"
"I'm not sure if you've seen this  but this is my favourite internet-haircut of all time. enjoy."
"Some People Never Change"
"Poor timing"
"Taking &quot;Good Samaritan&quot; to an entirely new level."
"Don't Follow."
"African Truffle Shuffle"
"African Truffle Shuffle"
"How I feel everytime I try and catch up with reddit."
"Happy Canada day!"
"What It feels Like Being Down Voted To Oblivion"
"Me clicking a link with a funny title  but terrible content."
"Adorable pit (pit mix?) puppy with a very serious expression on his face!"
"Don't you just love when people get owned on Facebook?"
"Shades"
"Say no to racism !"
"Because one knife wasn't enough. [NSFW/Death]"
"Browsing r/wtf."
"Your shoe is chewy and tastes like food."
"The most effective home security system on the market"
"How I feel when I'm on the internet"
"Opened a beer right before we took a picture..."
"My big bird costume. Really happy about how the legs turned out."
"Larry was the only one in the community that had a beef with little kids"
"Man Eats Evidence To Avoid Arrest!"
"I Tweeted before it was cool..."
"Best divorce lawyers ever..."
"Touche  Stephen King....Touche"
"Long Live the King."
"Ohh stupid cows"
"I wouldn't want to be in that water during and earthquake"
"...at least they have a hobby?"
"What's all that milk for?"
"Pretty sure this belongs here. WAT?"
"I...I just don't know."
"I feel we should play this classic as tribute to our fallen brothers at Psygnosis."
"What is the temperature inside a tauntaun? (fixed!)"
"House of Pancake"
"The walk of shame"
"Beware of dog."
"A nice time  huh?"
"A magical picture of 1949 London."
"Bringing the party  Iron Man style"
"PTSD"
"I remember Vietnom..."
"Thousand yard stare..."
"As a US-citizen  this is how I am going to experience the 2012 US-elections"
"Me in the passenger seat when my wife is merging onto the freeway"
"I see your Incredible Dragon Cake and raise you an equally Incredible Octopus Cake!"
"My talent level at sports:"
"What usually happens when I give my opinion to Reddit"
"Master Troll"
"Captain Kirk tells it like it is"
"Spoiler alert"
"I know they hated each other but that's just cruel."
"Jim Gaffigan on camping"
"I got cake today!"
"Cake?"
"WE WANT A 3rd!"
"Just a reminder."
"This is you when the phone rings while you are in the bathroom"
"When your phone rings on the toilet.."
"Jesus and Oreos"
"would you kill yourself ?"
"This was a great plan  on paper."
"When i see the person next to me start to smell my recent fart."
"As an ex-WoW player learning about Blizzard's work on a new MMORPG:"
"Careful  you could put a Nye out with that thing!"
"The balloon is /r/atheism"
"[X-post from r/pics] The bengal has plenty of pontential."
"What the fuck is that?!"
"When you're about to go outside for a sesh and you hear the garage door open..."
"I choose you  Meowth!"
"mommy i don't wanna be a pokemon."
"Haters gonna hate"
"What do you think Mr. T is daydreaming about?"
"Did anyone lose a Chinchilla? Because someone in Wicker Park found it. (Funny poster)"
"Someone come get this Chinchilla."
"As a woman with PCOS participating in &quot;No-Shave November&quot; this is what I'm expecting..."
"For my Special Day  my all time favorite.. no title can do it justice."
"Are you still a virgin?"
"He's watching"
"He's Watching"
"Say what?"
"A Classic prank"
"Master of deception"
"Old Spice Guy approves"
"OH  SORRY  BBL"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haters. Gonna. Hate."
"Google+ being cute"
"My favorite part in Hot Fuzz"
"Directed by M. Night Shyamalan"
"decode your kids text lingo... W!T!F!?"
"It's shit like this  tourists ..."
"Yep  that just about sums it up."
"One day you'll thank them..."
"My personal favorite aww photo (Red Panda)"
"Humming Bird Feasting on Cannabis"
"I don't really know how to explain this one."
"PEDOSCOPE DOWN!"
"Star Wars Speeder Bike Cats."
"Whenever someone uses the word 'inception' to describe something inside of something else."
"What more could you ask for?"
"Seems Legit."
"The police crashed our local skateboard comp. (Denmark)"
"Police officers can be really cool. This picture was taken in Copenhagen."
"The Danish police posted this on their facebook"
"Just a panda being carried by people dressed as pandas."
"As if this story couldn't get any sadder"
"That one guy who upvoted me in a sea of downvotes"
"Need More Boost."
"Mama Will Keep You Warm..."
"Spotted at local Target. Cousins?"
"(Imgur random) Welcome to Oklahoma!"
"Hey  friend! Wanna go out for a walk?"
"Every day she waits for him...and they go for a walk."
"YEAH  PARKOUR! ... SHIT."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Reddit in a nutshell NSFW"
"Checking if the toilet's occupied"
"pic of my buddy  he is subscribed to r/pics"
"Spaghetti Flirting Or How to Loose Friends and Alienate People"
"It's a dyson"
"Too much burritos"
"How I feel leaving campus after my exams."
"just got rejected by my crush. this is how i feel now..."
"Just a dog making a living."
"My future's so bright"
"I'll just leave this here"
"Some things are timeless  like Classical music"
"Yeah... Wassup now bitches!"
"You want a coke?"
"So much for having nice dreams tonight."
"They're just jealous..."
"U.S. ambassador to Libya has been killed  3 others dead in the attack  German embassy in Sudan is on fire..."
"Stay the hell out of the ocean."
"Make a wish"
"Jesus Toast!!"
"I wish this was my dog."
"When my flaky friends cancel weekend plans at the last possible minute"
"Father  Son  and Elephant"
"Religion flies you into skyscrapers.."
"Genius prank and awesome invention"
"I wonder what this guy has been up to lately..."
"True love blossoms..."
"Forever alone- Lvl 99"
"Why is this a stock photo?"
"hmm... new species?"
"all you need is prayer."
"literally the best doctor"
"Amazing Picture collage"
"Your move  Atheists."
"Re-cycled as fiction"
"Lucky motherfucker"
"Tattoo awesomeness!"
"Oh James..."
"Because alcohol teaches us to be better husbands"
"Pow! Right in the childhood!"
"Dr. Seuss is trying to convey some sort of subliminal message here..."
"x-post from r/Physics: Periodic Table Table"
"Periodic. Table."
"Dat Darkness"
"Finally  a post from Facebook that's not someone's lame status."
"I think i did it right.."
"Nailed it!"
"Wth is going on??"
"This gets me every time. Love the jazzy hands."
"How I see Assassin's Creed III as an American"
"Not sure if real person or cardboard cutout"
"&quot;Hey Janice! I've finally discovered how to sleep with my eyes open!&quot;"
"Dis is my shnoz. I wub dis shnoz."
"My response to anyone bothering to comment on my submissions..."
"Zombie Apocalypse lawn maintenance"
"Mech Knight..."
"Atheist Cat"
"Trolling on oldies"
"We need to go deeper"
"Good Advertising"
"bane gets down"
"The sexiest .gif ever. [SFW]"
"Parties suck"
"Baby Chameleons"
"he looks familiar...."
"As an American  this is what I think about your opinion of our healthcare system (gif)"
"After photoshopping this  I wondered what I have been doing with my life."
"we still doing face swaps?"
"Saddest cakeday pug ever"
"President Clinton and JFK"
"Welcome to reddit. Why don't you take a look around?"
"Tetris [1920x1080]"
"First time playing"
"Irrefutable proof that nature hates us..."
"Even better: I found where pandas grow"
"Chemists know how to do it."
"How I feel when using the bus while high"
"I found what my next reason for visiting the emergency room will be"
"When GF asks me to bed"
"Science is the best."
"Body confidence: Please don't."
"Do a Backflip!"
"Do a Flip! (X-post from r/gifs)"
"Jimmy Carr on Steve Jobs"
"wait...this is a great idea!"
"The man speaks the truth"
"This is intense"
"only in Japan?"
"Wrestling gone full retard"
"Nope."
"Summers coming up"
"&quot;Just doing my job&quot;"
"Rare beyond compare: the only white Zebra in existence. Zoe has blue eyes and gold stripes."
"Yeah  you do that."
"What if I hold it like this?"
"Found this in a school bathroom"
"Girls and Boys  Before and after"
"1943 ad reminds you that projectile coughing is RUDE!"
"Sex: You're doing it right..."
"Ride 'er like a see-saw [NSFW]"
"One of the best pranks I've ever seen"
"Methane Power"
"NANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANA"
"What."
"ANAL NINJA"
"How I pictured my friend after he said he has had random gay sex in public bathrooms several times (possibly NSFW)"
"An unfortunate truth."
"Solar Flare Up Close"
"Show some respect."
"Ex's and fine wine"
"Shove that K up your ass."
"7. The most frightening number ever"
"A gamer's life(s)."
"I want a giant poster of this"
"Baby Elephant stands on a log."
"So this is America"
"When absolutely nothing goes right"
"Bumper sticker in the south."
"Spelling level: The South."
"My favorite childhood character"
"Again! Again!"
"Things video games help with that you didnt know"
"Dancing Gandhi"
"i was so close"
"This explains everything"
"Good idea Apple!"
"Amazing"
"A gif that I made of Sarah Jessica Parker morphing into a horse."
"Says everything that needs to be said about my home town..."
"Words don't even [NSFW]"
"Everybody was Kat-fu fighting"
"WTF Google."
"Is this what the kids are fapping to nowadays?? [NSFW/PORN]"
"DRM for dummies"
"Pick your fights"
"Three hours into my drive across the state of Kansas"
"They probably could have worded this headline a little differently."
"A Pelican making a saltwater crocodile its bitch. Not a single fuck was given."
"All the other firemen hated Jesper"
"Lets Dance"
"No Mr. Bond I expect you to die!"
"Self-help flowchart"
"The look of my boss whenever I'm trying to take my keys and leave early"
"God bless you  Dad."
"God bless you dad"
"Little Rock Star preparing for the concert"
"Hugs."
"I guess I'll sleep over here..."
"I guess I'll sleep over here"
"Like a boss"
"Ah  Kentucky...the flagship of cultural tolerance"
"Christians Constantly Rail Against All Things Immoral"
"MFW"
"I'm Sold!!"
"Hunter S. Bear"
"I'd like to see more family appreciation this holiday season."
"Father of the day award goes to..."
"Oy  look at my babies  aren't they the cutest..."
"You know it is hot when..."
"Where Epic Sax Guy got his start..."
"D4V3 1S TH1S YOU? (OC)"
"Dammit  Maverick!"
"I read the Harry Potter series in two weeks. Here is my experience in GIFs."
"Same with Reddit"
"in da face!"
"Your move  reCaptcha."
"Take that  captcha."
"Mantis knows the internet"
"Just don't shoot!"
"Watchout  We got a badass over here."
"Every Reddit Couple Conversation"
"When my posts don't get a response..."
"How I feel about all the lemon posts"
"How my cakeday posts have gone so far."
"Upvoting the one person who replied to my post"
"I wish my face looked like this so I could pull the bed covers over my eyes but still be able to breathe"
"this should win me reddit"
"Natural selection"
"Oh you know  just a corgi puppy sleeping on it's face."
"DAT COMBO"
"Perfect timing"
"photo captures butterfly's wing perfectly to give skull an eye"
"Its' in the eye of the beholder."
"It's a miracle!"
"Wise Words"
"How to tell if they are plotting to kill you"
"woman with no tits"
"This is not a painting"
"I just want to ride my bicycle"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Rare pic of Cece Frey from The X Factor."
"Rare pic of Cece Frey from The X Factor"
"Meanwhile in Africa..."
"It's a beaut  isn't it?"
"5 little puppies belonging to my friend"
"Time for bed kitty (GIF)"
"LOL"
"Umm...uhh... wat?"
"Take my Money..Take it All!"
"When I comment to defend a heavily downvoted comment"
"Oh No!!! Not Again!!!"
"DOH!"
"Oh No!"
"Knocked the FUCK out"
"Belushi brothers' school pictures"
"Star Wars - 150 yrs ago."
"Welcome to the internet"
"Daniel Radcliffe (x-post funny)"
"Why else would I be here?"
"Happy 18th birthday!"
"Move Your Body"
"Cali Swag District Super Heroes"
"Cali Swag District Super Heroes"
"I don't remember that episode... [gif]"
"I see your Venezuelan Poodle Moth and I raise you a Malagasy Aye-Aye."
"I'm gonna get you"
"Popeye's son arm wrestles"
"The sun is not enough?"
"When sun becomes ring..."
"Should you eat bacons?"
"Pull the trigger"
"Donald Duck: Hook  Line  and Succor"
"Oh Donald..."
"Mario Party (All of Them)"
"What it feels like to play Mario Party sober"
"I will take your stars and everything you love."
"Beautiful Ice Cave"
"x-post from r/aww"
"Happy Birthday?"
"Natural birth."
"This belongs here"
"Atheism: no purpose in life. Ya'll don't know nothin"
"After seeing the Atheism Demotivational on my news feed about seven times  I made one of my own."
"Someone....didn't think this through....."
"So that's where all the milk went."
"So good milk"
"Friend asked &quot;have you ever made it to the front page?&quot;.."
"When I tell a joke and I'm the only one laughing."
"anti-rape condom"
"It's shit like this  Venezuela!"
"How I feel returning to college campus filled with girls my age after being in the real world all summer"
"Arguing with Christians"
"Fuck yes she did"
"Mount Tungurahua Volcano  Ecuador"
"Spot on 4chan"
"Anybody else have friends like this?"
"Feeling down? Saddle up  It is the only cure."
"how Facebook should be used."
"Astronauts from Ohio"
"And I thought Thanksgiving was supposed to be a happy holiday..."
"I'm almost crying"
"This just happened to me. I'v definitely been spending way too much time on reddit lately."
"No buns"
"oh dear god..."
"A Fan Gives Obama A Treat"
"My New Favorite Obama Pic"
"Star Trek Head Tennis"
"Half-Albino Peacock"
"GIF Request: Scrooge McDuck diving into Upvotes"
"Awesome history"
"Whenever somebody asks me what I do in my spare time..."
"When I see a girl with a huge rack walking in my Uni"
"I throw my hands up in the air sometimes..."
"Every time my girlfriend asks me to watch &quot;The Bachelorette&quot; with her."
"Arg  let us not forget what t'day be!"
"It's finally so far mates! Go get some rum y'aarrrr. (#.o)"
"wat"
"Happy Star Wars! [Fixed]"
"Happy Star Wars! [Ending the Fixes]"
"The Jitterbug"
"Dope rhymes  these are"
"I just pound the drums and do the Africa face"
"This is pretty much how I view my commute every day."
"Don't mind if I do!"
"Mupcakes?"
"ode to the apes"
"I googled &quot;least awesome image ever&quot;. I was very disappointed."
"Just normal day in Harlem"
"Unfortunate reality"
"Quit playin' yo."
"Umad bro?"
"The picture explains itself...you don't want to miss this view. I promise."
"Bill Waterson called them out over 20 years ago"
"Alpacas are cute too!"
"I swear  every damn cat a redditor sees..."
"It's my Reddit Birthday and I don't have a cat  so here's a dog with a jar of peanut butter."
"WTF is this guy doing?"
"Who needs Jeremy Wade?"
"that's a big croc"
"DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN!"
"Jaws"
"A true hero"
"This Easter remember  Jesus was a Lich."
"My Friends  They Cannot Comprehend That..."
"How I feel on AWW"
"My reaction to what the guy at the store said  when my pregnant wife sent me out for a flavor of Ben &amp; Jerry's they didn't have"
"Boromir at the movies."
"Whenever I see people in hotel gyms."
"Lizard Haircut"
"Fuck this shit...."
"You're almost done"
"Searched up &quot;Beauty&quot; was not dissapointed."
"How I imagine England will react when Will and Kate have their baby [FIXED]"
"The 360 teabag"
"Baby what are you doing?"
"Squeezie Squeezie"
"Justin beanber"
"Can't and don't want to unsee!"
"World Peas"
"Nap time"
"White people"
"When 10-year-olds cuss racial slurs at me on Xbox Live"
"Yeah!!!  hes good."
"Seriously?!"
"Beware the hillbilly ninja!"
"I'm never scared... Because I know to say the magic words... SHSHSHA!"
"the end of racism"
"Amidoinitrite? Some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"Dora in 40 years."
"Sweeping"
"Me and the internet when I have work to do"
"Tiny puppy in a taco"
"Awesome."
"Interesting..."
"This subway in Stockholm has a natural bedrock ceiling that's been painted"
"Overkill!"
"Meanwhile on Fox News..."
"Two years ago  I found this particular web comic. It was then  that I knew reddit would become my home."
"Found this at the library I work at. Happy Father's Day!"
"When my computer magically deleted RES yesterday"
"When I accidentally click a link to /r/Spacedicks"
"I wouldn't even dare try"
"Me so holy.."
"Every time someone cries repost"
"This is the saddest thing I have ever seen on the internet"
"Bamboozled wallaby"
"Yoink!"
"How I feel when someone posts the same link with a funnier title"
"Unimpresidented.."
"I think I need to learn how to use photoshop"
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed."
"Prague High School releases statement regarding valedictorian  Kaitlin Nootbaar"
"Soon."
"Bush Viper Snake (x-post from r/pics) [1280 × 800]"
"Found this in a bus stop across the street from my office"
"How I imagine Redditors wake up"
"So Reddit  I heard you like spiders."
"One big ball of NOPE"
"How I feel"
"Greetings From Germany!"
"Memory foam"
"It's memory foam"
"Let me help  OOOPs  sorry"
"'Merica (Happy 4th)"
"I haven't checked reddit all day and just read the front page with my leftover Papa John's in front of me..."
"grumpy cats favorite day"
"Spelling mistake?"
"HAPPY NEW"
"Gotta say  Shikari would do well in some costumes"
"What if the male Avengers posed like the female one?"
"Dean Martin once gave his famous burger recipe to a celebrity cook book. This was the result."
"When I go to University  this will be on my dorm door."
"The world seen from Norway"
"Norway's perspective of the world"
"How we Norwegians view the world"
"Wait for it..."
"How I feel at work knowing that in 8 hours I am going on vacation"
"Me after the women's walk run 20k."
"Meaningful tattoo. (US Military)"
"When I found out the lead actor for Walking Dead was British"
"When you were over a friends house as a kid and something broke.."
"While looking up pictures of cars  I found this."
"How I feel when I post something in r/atheism"
"No Barney!!! That is a BAD touch!"
"...and not a single fuck given."
"The Twilight Saga: Broke Back Dawn"
"Toothbrush for your colon....Ooh Lala"
"how many of them do you own?"
"Next time think before asking Chris Tucker..."
"It Will Be Our Little Secret…"
"Who should REALLY be the Olympic commentators..."
"damn your cu...well ok then...."
"I didn't see this one coming..."
"Redditor drops huge stones on innocent sleeping kids  all for that rocking karma."
"I want these"
"Sister's new puppy"
"Best Fb gem I've seen since a while"
"how i feel after photoshopping an image  only to find out the original is on a subreddit where no one cares."
"Oh Yeah!"
"How I feel when I go out to dinner with women that never order enough food."
"Because if I forgot  then I bet you did too."
"Thanks Pandora  for letting me know what Lynyrd Skynyrd looks like!"
"O_o"
"Fly  you fools!"
"I didn't expect that..."
"Surprise Santa (*~*)"
"Have a nice day!"
"I fucking love cake!"
"thert fers"
"I cannot stress how attractive and fun she is"
"This is so cool  boyhood castle obsession reconfirmed"
"The Bus Knight"
"I see your Horsetail falls all lighted up like fire  and I raise you with LAVA falls."
"Iconic image. Colorized."
"Power of makeup"
"The average performance I get when casting friends into my film class projects."
"How it feels to get multiple consecutive downvotes"
"My childhood is dead."
"20 more minutes hone ... you right  it is time for bed!"
"Holly IKEA"
"My mind. &gt;.&lt; My eyes. NO!"
"Tah Prohm  800 year old temple ruins that was once home to over 12 000 people."
"YouTube and the joys of marijuana. (x-post from r/funny)"
"Misleading Gif"
"James Holmes did not appear in court"
"1 Megabyte"
"Nom nom nom nom"
"0.o"
"Rowan Atkinson on Religion"
"Got it over 18 months ago as a joke. Probably one of the biggest mistakes of my life. (x-post r/funny)"
"This is seriously the most intriguing story ever told.."
"Aliens gave my cat a BEARD!"
"Hello Ladies..."
"Oh  Eric Cartman"
"Cheering Up Machine"
"I wish I had 13 friends to jump rope with"
"Crazy Dogs"
"My favorite gif."
"After flipping through the questions on your final exam"
"How I felt in high school."
"I just got done watching Arachnophobia for the first time in years. I find myself doing this every time."
"How I feel waiting in line for Hunger Games tickets."
"How I feel clicking on NSFW links during no-fap september"
"May have exceeded my bandwidth limit on this one..."
"Kiss."
"First time to the ocean  and this is what he does."
"So thats whats going on there..."
"Yup  going straight to hell for laughing."
"NYC Goes From Day to Night in One Frame"
"Day and night in New York City in a single image"
"Gabe truly is the greatest boss of all time."
"Gingers . . . do want"
"Best Rave Shot I've Seen  at Stanton Warriors"
"What? No Hello Kitty?"
"You've got to give the guy credit..."
"How I walked into my house after getting laid for the first time in months"
"Walking back into high school after a year of college"
"Canadian Lynx [Fixed]"
"Some Quick (and Scary) Facts about PETA"
"Father of the year? Ummm..."
"I'm a hardcore Christian"
"Maybe she always looked like she was always trying to catch fly's."
"My friend does this every month being a different person..."
"So much for trying so hard...Forever Alone"
"Possibly the best review ever... &quot;da free d iz amayzin!&quot;"
"This sounds like the worst fucking idea ever."
"I think I just lost 50 IQ points..."
"Saw this for the first time today and immediately wanted to slap this girl in the face."
"Donald Trump"
"This is Sparta?"
"i have a question"
"I like the idea of goat feet… but how can i make them better…"
"Really  Erik? You see *no* reason not to believe her?"
"What the hell?!"
"Yeah sure  very lifelike....."
"Delicious (I guess)"
"Still Counts!"
"Read and heed!"
"Call of duty logic"
"Insanity Protestor"
"Outdoor Pool Table"
"Eggs and Bacon for Pirates"
"Shaolin cat"
"A Lonely Cat"
"Picture of Trinity the first ever nuclear test [1483x1000]"
"TASTY!"
"Who says we can't be best friends?"
"poor Darren"
"One of the best soft drinks ever. It can now only be found in Norway."
"How the fuck did he just do that?"
"NPH punch fixes a dim light"
"Stumbled in to 9GAG and I couldn't find a downvote button."
"Neil Degrasse Tyson explaining science as only he can"
"This is why I don't like my generation."
"My thoughts on the Instagram scandal."
"TIL an ex-girlfriend became a .gif"
"Screw Zeus' thunderbolts  Poseidon's trident  or the Eye of Ra  this is what God in 2012 uses."
"Dad at Justin Beiber concert"
"I hope I'm never this dad."
"Well  that was unexpected"
"Where the hell did that go?"
"Math teacher fail"
"Blue eyes."
"Well That's Unfortunate"
"What? NO!"
"Bike + unicorn = win"
"YouTube never fails to amuse me."
"Hospital food"
"Saw this in my school's bathroom while taking a piss at the urinal... could not stop laughing."
"Aquaman's dark intentions revealed"
"No time to explain! Just follow Snopp Dogg!"
"POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS mad at POTATO-IN-MY-ANUS (x-post from /r/cringe)"
"Today at work  I finally lost control."
"Maybe YOU should be called Woody..."
"My impression of people who downvote anything good/heart-wrenching on Reddit"
"What it feels like unsubscribing from r/aww"
"Mind=Blown"
"When I visit r/spacedicks"
"Ronald Reagan on a Velociraptor for the 4th"
"Album of American presidents and notable figures being awesome."
"Happy 4th of July."
"Happy Thanksgiving...give where it counts"
"How I feel about getting a job."
"Can we find the origin of this picture? Even TinEye doesn't know."
"Constant cosplay: Krang stomach tattoo"
"Every time  I hope he misses.."
"The map that no UT player will ever forget."
"The Parasitology Series: Loa Loa - The African Eye Worm"
"Shit just got real."
"How many of us enjoyed these in elementary school?"
"For a good time..."
"If this is real - I want one"
"what is the tiniest fuzzy thing you've ever seen?"
"#1 in cuteness!"
"Now walk it out. Walk it out..."
"This is how I feel about your reddit birthday [fixed]"
"When I learned that on my birthday (today) and the next day are full of finals:"
"Maybe the cuttest hamster ever"
"Amazing Siege of Minas Tirith Wallpaper [1920x733]"
"Just keep swimming  swimming  swimming."
"The RVP of old [x/post from r/soccer]"
"&quot;OVERANALYZING: The Shame and Guilt Issue&quot;"
"Two words and well executed editing can change a story completely."
"Rugrats conspiracy. mind = blown."
"Well that's exactly how I feel without pants on."
"Would you do the same?"
"Moon Bridge  Tapei  Taiwan"
"I'm out"
"Twitch_Romney_Explosions.gif"
"Sweet  a free box!"
"Just our brain."
"One of the hardest things I have ever done"
"Flash"
"How I imagine Reposters [FIXED]"
"I found this on my Facebook. I love my friends sometimes."
"When I tried posting a late Cakeday post.."
"Teaching my turtle to bark."
"My wife claims she suffers from insomnia  I think I've figured out the real reason she can't get a good night's sleep..."
"PETA does not approve"
"Rascal... Did you pee on the carpet?"
"Puppy Dog Eyes"
"They really don't give a fuck"
"Alittle Bit Of Everything"
"play any song  and watch this; you're gonna have a good time"
"Has this been done before?"
"The longer i watch the funnier it gets"
"I believe in helping people but this is ridiculous."
"Forever a cookie"
"My first painting lesson"
"Just for the record...THIS GUY has the biggest balls [NSFW]"
"Aww"
"Every 60 seconds..."
"This is how you dance to dubstep."
"FINISH HIM"
"This is how I feel when I argue with my girlfriend's logic."
"I would pass out after Genesis"
"This is why I grow a beard [FIXED]"
"Bunnies in cups."
"I.. just cannot explain this gif"
"The appropriate response to every &quot;Lazy College Senior&quot; post....."
"How I feel when I try to talk to people logically"
"dick bird."
"Soon you will be mine"
"That feel when video games"
"Just another day at the office for this guy"
"Dr. Seuss updated for today's kids"
"little and large"
"How I feel when someone says &quot;no offence but...&quot;"
"So  Timmy  what did you learn in Sunday school today?"
"what the hell is that?"
"Every day of my life."
"Suddenly  this isn't such a bad idea..."
"Raunchy Bunny"
"&quot;In America  Freedom of Speech means you can believe in God any way you want  but you MUST believe&quot;"
"This belongs here. (NSFW)"
"Cream Of Wheat"
"So i looked at your Frankenstorm pic.. and then wanted to check that new FB message ... 3 times before DOH"
"Arizona tanline"
"A truly dedicated Redditor"
"How I feel at family reunions"
"Cat trippin balls off cat nip.."
"A man wearing a shiny future suit surfing on a crocodile through the sky."
"What God looks like"
"Entrancing"
"Lightning hits a plane at Brisbane Airport during crazy thunderstorm. (Image taken from State emergency service site)"
"We've all been there buddy."
"Double frontflip on a bmx"
"Romney campaign has a new logo"
"Buddy left his reddit open on my computer.... Enjoy!"
"LONG-EARED HEDGEHOG!"
"My dump this morning after seeing our 13 new subscribers join r/pooplikethis!"
"The South Park cash for gold song really does go with everything"
"Surfing in SF..."
"Fuck your castle. We are Vikings."
"They're learning"
"Be a bear!"
"I'm 22 and just bought this condo in NYC for $1 000 000 dollars!!"
"Just hamster"
"My response when someone says they're moving to Canada because of Obamacare (XKCD)"
"Grandma's Alright"
"Sup Bitches?"
"Buttsex"
"Anyone Have A High Res Copy Of This?"
"Exodus  episode IV"
"No one will ever find it!"
"I see your Lenin and raise you Hitler."
"I've seen some horrors in my lifetime..."
"Oh Shit!"
"Trying to make food at a [10]"
"Making breakfast for myself as a kid"
"To all Redditors  who need assurance now and then  remember"
"His Holy Noodleyness and Raptor Jesus"
"en dominus pasta"
"Truer words..."
"Hay babayyyy"
"Birth of a unicorn"
"Visiting the comment thread on trees"
"It's simple... We kill the Big Bird"
"I like to t... And then google blew my mind"
"Chemistry cat stand up comedy"
"Me browsing r/ShittyAdviceAnimals..."
"&quot;Husband Wolf  I'm pregnant.&quot; &quot;..That's great Wife Wolf..&quot;"
"Kyle's first kiss"
"Photo Bomb Level"
"launch ...."
"I don't like violence"
"How to troll a Bee"
"How to troll a bee."
"International Space Station [2048 × 1399]"
"as someone who's normally too nervous to dance in social situations  this is how i feel in the privacy of my own home"
"I guess there really is an app for everything"
"Do these stripes make my ass look fat?"
"I spend a lot of time thinking about Sonic"
"Which one of you have this as your OK Cupid profile?"
"How I see a Fixed post"
"The Temple of Sky (Iceland)"
"Restaurant Etiquette"
"JPEG ----&gt; GIF ... wait for it."
"This made me laugh pretty hard (x-post r/pics)"
"I hate these commercials"
"Shit just got real."
"Does your money make you happy or sad?"
"If this guy was on the US Olympics Team  GAME OVER"
"Rock hard evidence of an ancient stream in Mars"
"Driving on the edge."
"How I feel after 2 months of reddit with a karma level of (85:722)"
"Everytime I try to smile for a Family portrait."
"After going to an all boy high school for four years  this was me in my first college class that had girls in it.[FIXED]"
"This just blows my mind [gif]."
"We are very  very tiny."
"When I can't find my wallet after dinner.."
"As a healer... Am I doing this right?"
"heal the tank"
"I am both highly amused and scared shitless."
"Now  this is how you make Halloween candy!"
"The ultimate &quot;half-and-half&quot; cat."
"In remembrance of september 11th i was searching and found this Pakistani airlines advertisement from the 1979."
"When I smoke  this every 5 minutes."
"bummer man"
"If the Moon is made of cheese..."
"Best Friends."
"Best Friends"
"I stared at this way too long [NSFW]"
"The most WTF thing I've seen in a while."
"America."
"It's cool  I didn't want any."
"What?! ok.."
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"40 killings in a weekend  40 killings in a week..."
"How I felt going to my 8 am class this morning"
"Pretty much sums up YouTube"
"Need your mail opened?"
"Bunny opening a letter  found while browsing Imgur."
"You are not alone"
"Remember you are not alone"
"Here  let me get that for you."
"Recent graduate  job-hunting. This is how it's going. Inspired by fellow redditor NegaByte"
"Woke up to this..."
"I think I just fell in love."
"Guys like chicks with skills"
"My new screensaver."
"...We Kill the Pac-Man! [1920 x 1080]"
"When I typed &quot;Giant Piece of Salad&quot; into Google."
"My brother and I hearing our grandma call our cousin a slut"
"So  my friend and I took acid..."
"Yes  yes you can."
"Is this a blessing or a catastrophe?"
"USB toaster"
"Toaster USB hub with toast flash drives"
"Put your finger here"
"you wont be sorry (gif)"
"Put your finger here"
"Worst fleshlight ever?"
"[xpost from r/WTF] This is what games teach pre-teens these days..."
"Pretty much sums up my college life"
"I had no idea on what to do when this came out  but it was fun and still is"
"Another icon of childhood reveals a dark side!"
"Lmao"
"Dr. Doom is the purest representation of evil I know"
"Anyone else have this success kid epiphany this morning?"
"When slinkies aren't enough"
"Perfection [gif][Fixed]"
"How Reddit views your opinions"
"Pete  the foul bachelor dog"
"I'm going to live FOREVER!"
"Fuckin' hipsters  man."
"She could see the future from back in 1969"
"Fantasy"
"Anyone but Obama. (Found on a local gas pump)"
"(Fixed)"
"Meanwhile in Shanghai...."
"My response to Katt Williams and similar creationists"
"This ones for you Reddit. You're welcome."
"Possible repost  but in light of the recent Emma Watson post  this is my favorite picture of her"
"omnomnom"
"Batman is not a Bronie"
"Bear hugs are overrated"
"Motherhood"
"Angry Adopted Cat"
"I expect to see this guy in the next World Cup."
"What is the probability of this happening ever again?"
"One in a Billion"
"How many can you name?"
"Barney the dinosaur..."
"The Original Achievement Points"
"A Russian Motorcycle"
"Spread it on!!"
"Guy slaps himself KO with a pool cue"
"Snooki's baby. Official photos"
"well  that's gonna leave a stain. damn."
"We found water on Mars!"
"The best Jurassic Park game ever."
"I was on a very bad mood when suddenly this popped on my FB  made my day."
"Should be working but doing this instead.."
"When 19 year-olds casually tell me they're getting married."
"The more you know"
"My Dad when he saw that I received a &quot;B+&quot; in Gym class."
"I Eat What You Did There"
"So my friend found something interesting while in China..."
"It's here!"
"Just go for it."
"Dare you?"
"Diablo In The Living Room [x-post-diablofunny]"
"Thug life."
"Coming to the 2012 Olympics. The muff buff."
"Perfectly my case .."
"Friendzoned by my phone"
"Tell me a joke about Chris Brown and Rihanna"
"The Original Scumbag Steve and Good Guy Greg"
"Whenever a lot of people agree with me on reddit"
"They told me I could become anything  so I became an earthworm"
"You Shall Not Pass"
"Cycles attached to these railings will be removed"
"When your name is not exactly helping you"
"This guy is the man."
"After 5 minutes in the microwave and my burrito is still cold"
"Just a dog and some cupcakes"
"Happy birthday Mojo!"
"How I feel listening to techno on my new headphones"
"Protect your Manhole"
"Now no one can penetrate my manhole!"
"Every time I see Garrus."
"[META] Your moral outrage is not WTF"
"Are they going to add more detailed features/locations to the Maps app?!"
"That makes my musical brains hurt"
"RELEASE ME  HUMAN."
"How I've felt this whole entire hot summer."
"A kind redditor showed me this  I felt I should share it with others"
"Satan is more powerful than god"
"Northern Lights over Alaska"
"Every girl in Facebook"
"badonkadonk defined"
"Beyonce Booty"
"For all of you gamer atheist out there."
"puprito (puppy burito)"
"My Grandma's cat looking thoughtful."
"How I feel whenever I'm in the presence of a 9FAG"
"Sitting by the pool"
"Your joke wasn't that funny"
"Lucky pens"
"I heard you like Chia pets"
"Ki...Ki...Ki...KillMe!!!!"
"What it feels like to be in a relationship"
"The Hodge Twins"
"So the secret is out."
"Cat Death By Boobs"
"To every redditor who downvoted my new puppy"
"Freedom Explained"
"Ready yourself for the riveting tales of..."
"Telling an awesome story to friends who weren't there."
"When I think about reddit's reaction to any cakeday post I submit  this comes to mind..."
"Everyone does it."
"How I feel about my drunken self the night before when I wake up in my own bed with my teeth brushed  my contacts out  and no hangover..."
"Learn to beatbox in about 30 fuckin seconds"
"Swag at it's best"
"Somewhere along the line  something went very  very wrong with this Kickstarter thing"
"Somewhere along the line  something went very  very wrong with this Kickstarter thing"
"I absolutely love this man"
"They see me rollin'"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Well that escalated quickly!"
"The less I know"
"Whoops."
"Rockhopper Penguins taking a freshwater shower in the Falkland Islands. The penguins use the waterfall to wash off the sea salt and dirt from the nesting colony. Competition for space under the small waterfall is intense and often leads to noisy disputes!"
"Chandler Likes Bacon so much he dances!"
"Terrorist Plot in My Math Textbook"
"An Amazing Sentence in English!"
"Bad luck.."
"Tim Berners-Lee's job title"
"Television at it's finest"
"My ex just changed her relationship status to in relationship"
"When I go to the bathroom and forget my phone"
"When I try to submit a link and Reddit tells me my link has already been submitted."
"Oops"
"How to teach your kid life lessons"
"Waterfall Island  Paraguay. [xpost from r/trees]"
"Photobomb level:dogballs"
"Photobomb level: Dogballs"
"Edward."
"Curiosity Engineers to do an AMA on Thursday  8/16  at 11am EDT"
"Reince Priebus  chairman of the Republican Party  actually tweeted this last night. What a disgusting human being."
"I'm a Bartender at a BBQ restaurant. This is how I feel in preparation for tonight [Fixed] [Fixed]"
"Growing up  opening these was the most thrilling thing in the world."
"This is where my allowance went every week as a child."
"Spot the millionaire"
"I refuse to believe this actually happened. I weep for my country."
"Whenever my Mom tells me about someone I went to high school with"
"My opinion  as not american  about the chick-fil-a"
"Optimus Prime VS Jesus Christ."
"There was ice in the bottom to give it weight. Gotta love roommates."
"Tubular sunset  dude"
"Patty cake  Patty cake  baker's man!"
"Religion is like a penis"
"Religion is like a penis..."
"Religion"
"The only reason I watch Food Network."
"Enjoy it or Don't."
"Construction of the Manhattan Bridge"
"&quot;Hey guys  pranking people is getting boring. Let's try pranking animals!&quot; &quot;Brilliant Tim!&quot;"
"Ain't that the truth?"
"Are you Asian..."
"new sub at subway!! its gunna be good"
"How is this not r/gaming's favorite game?"
"Dummy bully"
"Iron Man / The Avengers"
"Melanie Iglesias"
"Bunny baby"
"Meanwhile in Italy"
"Hey Jude!"
"How did this happen?"
"That kid..."
"welcome to my nightmares"
"Air Horn Prank"
"How I picture r/gaming today...[FIXED]"
"Also  let's Go into the quary and throw things down there man."
"New way of opening a bottle"
"New way of opening a bottle"
"Albino black people"
"You messed with the wrong family"
"After finally sitting down on a toilet after holding in a large shit for some time."
"Bar owner defending protestors against the police"
"Whatcha lookin at cat?"
"I came home from work and found this HUGE camel spider in my driveway."
"Nice girlfri... oops sorry!"
"Enough"
"Did not see that coming"
"Clarissa makes a new friend."
"Motivation"
"Whenever I mix alcohol and Doctor Who"
"Louis C.K. nailed it"
"Neglected as a child"
"Blood of the lamb [NSFW]"
"I'm a little less afraid of the Snow Queen after this..."
"Life after death"
"Write letterz n shit  yo"
"Kitty Cat Sleepover"
"My luck with the ladies."
"And that  son  is how we get our couches. (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Just donkeys."
"Best camouflage ever!"
"Just moved to Miami with my brother  and this is me everytime I meet one of his friends."
"White People"
"How I must look in the shower..."
"Knock Knock! your non-veg order is ready!"
"He strikes again"
"I love this so much."
"AOL (1996) vs. Windows 8 (2012)"
"Working out is shunned  while being fat is praised for women. Wait  what?"
"I did it for science!"
"As a German  this is why I love Euro Cup and World Cup  its the only time this doesn't apply"
"Come at me bro..."
"Back off! I know kung-fu!"
"Just..."
"My favorite &quot;Office&quot; scene ever"
"Let's have an auction!"
"Fun with the moon [by Gleuza Salomon]"
"I'm sorry but your all wrong  japan really needs to release more of THESE in america"
"Oh Ralph."
"My favorite gif"
"About to get owned. In 3D!"
"Nice Hair"
"How I feel scrolling through Manda Swaggies twitter page."
"How to meet the girl of your dreams"
"When Japanese Go Wild"
"Use the door!"
"Sometimes I think almost half of reddit is like this."
"D'Awwww"
"I will now forever see this in my nightmares."
"How I react when I finally see what they're talking about in &quot;When You See It&quot;"
"Sir  please take your drink"
"My favorite downvote gif."
"Whenever someone writes &quot;EDIT: Why are you downvoting?&quot; Or something similar."
"Happy Halloween"
"Disco In the sky."
"Thanks Matty..."
"Damn mimes"
"What About A Catapult? (xpost from r/funny)"
"&quot;What about a Catapult &quot; he says.."
"Who remembers this great show?"
"Which one?"
"Looks Like Balls For Me..."
"And here's what's happening in my neck of the woods..."
"no more kisses.. just sleep"
"She likes seafood too!"
"Trading cheese for seafood"
"A big ol' block of sponge"
"Pure fucking evil."
"If this is true  Jesus owes me about seven-hundred thousand dollars."
"I definitely smell an &quot;asshole jesus&quot; caption in here somewhere..."
"Good guys."
"LOL! imagine think this behind u XD"
"Likeaholic"
"I think I've had enough internet for today."
"You can GIF with this  or you can GIF with that"
"When I give my own opinion on Reddit and I don't get downvoted"
"Ouch"
"4 heads  1 face..."
"WTF hair"
"Reddit: I present to you...a Jack-Russel with a dick on his back...really."
"His name is Dick"
"so sexy"
"Doc Brown is drunk!"
"Fire in zero Gravity"
"&lt; Flame on earth | Flame in space &gt;"
"That's gonna hurt in the morning"
"STOP IT HUMAN!!!!YOU SHALL NOT PET ME!!!! i must leave"
"Reddit got me to watch this show. I love it."
"&quot;Sir  I think we're going to need some scissors..&quot;"
"It's my cake day..."
"How I am at an [8]"
"Found this old gifsound and immediately thought of you guys"
"Father?"
"Ninja's great with knives  terrible with watches"
"How I feel when I click &quot;Random&quot; and it takes me to to /r/nope and then /r/spiders back to back."
"This made me say awwww"
"Yeeeee muffins"
"haters gonna hate and hawking gonna hawk"
"Reddit  our chair has arrived."
"Now THAT'S a big dog."
"They told me I could be anything I wanted  so I become a man-pig [NSFW]"
"EEARRR..mmmmm..AAPIZZ..aAA GUUUUUDD!!!"
"Why I Don't Like Bananas"
"What the actual fuck?"
"I googled Pixar Banana gif..."
"Just Some Pizza."
"just some pizza"
"Just the joker jumping over batman on a skateboard"
"Don't rise Dark Knight"
"Best way to stop your child from becoming an atheist?"
"There is something so overwhelmingly incredible about this picture."
"Self-Portrait - Aki Hoshide (Japan) outside of the ISS. Visible is the ISS  Sunita Williams (USA)  the Sun  the Earth  the Canadarm2 and the darkness of space. Don't forget to check out the foreground details of the spacesuit. (4288x2848) (My xp from spaceporn)."
"Every time I browse ShitRedditSays."
"How I feel about Chick Fil A's opinion on gay marriage."
"This is my cake day  the only day on Reddit when I feel I can truly express my feelings about cats..."
"How I feel when I submit a link that starts receiving negative karma..."
"When I have more karma than my friends"
"Bitch mittens!"
"Dat ass..."
"So that's how fries are made"
"It's no accident"
"Sex is No Accident [x-post from /r/WTF]"
"Where did you two meet?"
"How we met."
"How I feel about my ex-girlfriend"
"Where can I buy several thousand boxes of these?"
"A true stroke of genius!"
"A Solar Filament Erupting (09/17/12)"
"The Sun  that's all."
"Little workout buddy."
"How i feel after not going on reddit over the holiday weekend.."
"What everyone in the Mid-Atlantic is thinking right now"
"Was wandering the internet and found Space Jesus"
"Get well soon!!"
"Ron Swanson. Yes  that's a chest-stache. I love you randomgur."
"My Hero"
"I can't be the only person who would watch this."
"World's First Photograph"
"I don't remember the source but this image is truly majestic."
"It's my cake day so....."
"Nothing on the review was on the exam"
"How I felt after I showed my boyfriend something on reddit he already saw"
"When I post something and find out its a repost"
"The best and brightest behind the battle to secede"
"This would be a damn cool party trick"
"How I imagine Spot  Datas cat  during the occasional disaster on the Enterprise."
"How my life felt when I discovered I had missed my cake day."
"If babies could talk"
"The end of it ..."
"Anyone need a drink?[nsfw]"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"Anyone lose a cat?"
"Uh...nothing to do here."
"Meanwhile in Thailand..."
"Ever felt like this?"
"Trying Mexican coke (coke made with real sugar) for the first time"
"Mind blown. Man wearing glasses and black turtle neck shirt with firework explosions."
"Fantazmo's Magical Explosion Demonstration"
"We just got a letter."
"a good wallpaper  if you're not afraid of flaming monkeys  ass blasting zebras  and nude chetah tits (that puke rainbows) growing from a mans chest. [illustration]"
"This is absolutely beautiful."
"Yes this is sleepy dog"
"A cow photobombing a horse stuck in a fence.... nuff said"
"The club can't even handle me right now"
"Can't touch my moves!"
"Well  I've got a pretty busy week ahead of me."
"To do list."
"Ocelot kitten!"
"They probably don't even know... [x-post from r/funnysigns]"
"How I feel about buffering. [Fixed]"
"This sub has too many mammals"
"As a reminder  it has been 108 days since Shitty_Watercolour has promised us a rectal explosion watercolour."
"This is a blatant repost  but it makes me laugh every time I see it."
"I hate my dog..."
"Smiledog.jpg"
"Panda at the restaurant"
"don't judge me lamp"
"he will dance to any music you put on.."
"Nope"
"Me at a club"
"White People"
"white people..."
"Me when my Internet goes down and I can't get on Reddit"
"Firefox has encountered an unexpected problem with windows"
"I laugh every time i see this"
"It happens to the best of us..."
"Firefox"
"Where the wild things are"
"Eye Drop"
"How i feel working my last 12 hour shift at my old job"
"Thursdays..."
"My cakeday was yesterday and the campus internet was down all day  only to return around 1:00 AM today."
"When all my posts do awful"
"When all my posts do awful"
"Best pick-up line ever; “Let’s go eat  I’m paying.”"
"McPimpin?"
"Brothers?"
"Driving Kitty"
"Sadly  The Promise Went Unfulfilled"
"When I see a group of people from my high school"
"Prepare to be mind f***ed"
"Black and White Family Photo"
"Can not unsee. (SFW)"
"I dont know where this came from but it might be the best thing ive ever seen"
"Just Chewbacca sitting on a squirrel and fight against Nazis"
"The Face of Victory..."
"get out of my house"
"This is how I feel after I talk to girls..."
"GUMBY IN THE HOUSE!"
"Old  but still provides me a few chuckles."
"How they did it in 1863"
"There are two kinds of Romney supporters. The obscenely rich and the obscenely stupid."
"When my down votes outnumber my up votes..."
"My buddy successfully trolled me into seeing Snooki naked."
"hooboy /r/WTF has really been delivering lately. keep it up you sickos"
"Saw this when I did an Google Image search. Thought reddit might enjoy it."
"on my way home from the exotic animals vet..."
"Omnomnomnomnivore"
"Everytime I'm asked to weigh in on Politics..."
"When you see your teacher in public on a holiday"
"When my mom goes on my computer."
"Looking Up r/atheism In The South"
"At the welsh dentist"
"When I see someone &quot;planking&quot;"
"I'm sorry if this breaks Reddit. Cat and a teddy bear  cutest thing you'll ever see."
"Knee weakingly cute..."
"First Reddit post  thought the Aww community might enjoy this little guy"
"Whenever I'm in a meeting."
"Salvador Dali and his pet Anteater!"
"Hangovers are dangerous..."
"1 2820 Nearly every month  someone submits a TIL &quot;there was an atomic bazooka.&quot; Well  the atomic bazooka sits in the lobby of my office. (i.imgur.com) submitted 7 hours ago by axel_thatcher 840 commentssharesavehidereport"
"Play me out  keyboard cat!"
"Mario Cat"
"Theres a cat doing poo in our garden!"
"The broom isn't working"
"Remarkable display of athleticism and strength!"
"Skid marks"
"Squishy?"
"Two girl  one cup?"
"OMG Dawww"
"my 2 favorite things"
"We just got a Portal at work that links to our west coast office via webcam (xpost r/pics)"
"My passive/aggressive way of apologizing to my Redditor boyfriend"
"The internet's undersea world [Infographic]"
"Like I Give a Fuck"
"How I feel when someone tells me to get a job."
"Ultimate Wine Cellar [960 × 956]"
"This is just horrible"
"Whenever I hear people debating aggressively on reddit"
"This is some sick really good make up work"
"Three Words"
"How I feel about Issac coming straight at me"
"Me  after asking someone to repeat themselves and still not hearing them."
"There seem to be a lot of Christian Bale gifs  and I really enjoy them. Hit me with your best one."
"Let's see what we have he.. *bang*"
"Also known as “life with Reddit”"
"Drawing I did this year by writing out the words &quot;Minerva  Mcgonagall  witch&quot; a million times in ballpoint pen."
"I hate how they Cook those Lobsters...so Cruel.."
"How I feel when I suit up."
"Oh Wolverine..."
"For my IRL cake day  I submit my favorite comic page that describes how I feel most times when I get asked this question."
"What happens when I tell people I'm colorblind."
"..."
"NOT a happy camper"
"Olympic divers make funny faces"
"This is what I'm meant to do on my cake day right?"
"My favorite meme. I re-release it back into the wilds of Reddit."
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"he stole my heart"
"WHAT?..."
"So i found this in my family photos folder. No idea where it came from."
"Once you go..."
"Especially when the post is lame"
"Raw tagging into Doom."
"cutest photobomb ever!"
"Haters."
"Nothing to do here..."
"hehe. silly man. that bikes too small for you!"
"Viewing Reddit after downloading RES"
"Wake up! I wanna play!"
"My reaction as an IT tech when a student says i MUST drop everything i'm doing so i can fix the printer for their VERY important homework"
"No Cheating!"
"How to prevent cheating on tests"
"Talent"
"Troll Monkey"
"How I feel when trying to get passed the knights of new and on to the front page"
"My reaction after I downloaded RES"
"Teaches of Jackasses"
"3 day old baby polar bear..."
"Hearing someone actually use a meme in a real life conversation:"
"How does this even work...?"
"Every Damn Time"
"Seeing someone got 1000+ upvotes by reposting my link"
"If all gangsters did this  I would support pimping."
"What /r/freekarma does all day everyday"
"saw this on r/wtf thought it was awesome"
"Daylight Savings Time and Redditors"
"Me playing fantasy football"
"Me playing fantasy football"
"Zombie Fortress?"
"Amazing pic. Can anyone tell me where this is?"
"After all these years  finally read the lyrics to &quot;Baby  It's Cold Outside&quot;"
"My casual &quot;What are you doing?&quot; face (First post"
"Opening my A level results..."
"I think she's a keeper [fixed]"
"Saw this gif and thought of you guys"
"DAT ASS (First edited gif)"
"Whenever a friend's got birthday I send them an email with this attached. [NSFW]"
"As soon as I saw him in Arrested Development  I knew it was going to be a good episode."
"Happy Cinco de Meow-O."
"No! Bad cobra!"
"Kills me everytime"
"How I feel about celebrity news."
"The Bill CosB identity."
"Took me a minute"
"When Taco Bell told me they ran out of beef yesterday..."
"No  it's not turning right."
"being a dog. like a boss."
"♫ Brusha  Brusha  Brusha ♫ Get the new Ipana ♫ With the brand new flavor ♫ Its dandy for your teeth"
"Sleep tight  Reddit!"
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom."
"&quot;This here's Babylegs  she runs on anteater breath.&quot;"
"When trying to get the attention of the girl you like [FIXED]"
"A little tree on the sidewalk"
"Mesmerizing - Fun with Focal Length"
"/r/batman at the moment"
"How I imagine my cake day post will go."
"He just wants to see the world"
"Protectors of the Forest"
"Why?"
"There's no way I'd ever be able to unclench..."
"Forever alone Moon"
"Tired pets"
"This can't be real! Please tell me this is not real!"
"NOPE"
"Game over humanity"
"How I felt after my first coffee."
"Colbert hive"
"Bite the pillow..."
"Dat Ash"
"how I feel when alot of my friends write a status about the fucking weather.."
"Kanye's having a kid?"
"The bear jew"
"I have a collection of pictures of piles of animals  does reddit have any to add?"
"Sarah Jessica parkour"
"Ummm... WTF?!"
"So this just popped up on my Facebook feed."
"Sometimes  to become a lion  you must first become a dogg."
"Sometimes  to become a lion  you must first become a dogg..."
"A new Animorph is out there.."
"Make music while you pee"
"Cookies"
"My internet at college is horrible. Now that I'm back home..."
"Amazing Pencil Art"
"MIKE!!!"
"I AM RUSSIA."
"the reddit cafeteria"
"if reddit had a cafeteria"
"turbulence"
"what the fuck"
"Ok then..."
"Seriously  Firefox..."
"I too googled 'nicolas cage as a baby' and this is what I got..."
"My Roommate Organizes Her Pens In The Order They Appear In The Rainbow.. I'm Buying Her This For Christmas"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food"
"Someday they will learn."
"Thanks  Jesus for this food."
"I'll go to hell for laughing at this..."
"Thank Jesus for this food..."
"Be thankful for Jesus... he has done much for you."
"Thank you for this food"
"On my cake day  my favorite gif."
"Found this when doing an image search for &quot;cake day&quot; on google... wtf."
"my dating game"
"Koala getting water during firefighting in Australia"
"How LOST should have ended"
"How Lost really ended."
"Just got done watching Lost and this ending is better than the original"
"Just a poodle moth"
"Venezuelan poodle moth (link in comments)"
"Pokemon like moth."
"It's all about technique"
"Da fuq"
"Tiny hermit crab"
"This will make your heart melt faster than a popsicle on Brad Pitt's abs. (xpost from r/pics)"
"Time for bed baby sloth"
"A sloth being way too cute."
"The best of r/badtaxidermy!"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend's Parents"
"Me  thirsty for some ice tea."
"Morgan Freeman"
"Titty Sprinkles"
"[MAJOR SPOILER ALERT] This is seriously how Christopher Nolan decided to end the Dark Knight trilogy"
"All I could think at end of Batman... (spoilers  kinda)"
"The climax to the Dark Knight Rises [SPOILERS]"
"It fits so perfectly!"
"But..."
"In honor of Nic Cage's birthday  here is my all time favourite gif."
"Karma Train!"
"Awwww  bless..."
"Was playing COD when.."
"A little pre dress up for halloween."
"Back in the day"
"Really tumblr? Do you serve any purpose but cater to the extremely ignorant? It's shit like this..."
"not sure if repost. repost. about reposts [6]"
"Don't look directly into the eyes"
"Monday morning"
"The main difference between north and south korea"
"MRW I'm browsing on my phone and a link goes anywhere but Imgur or YouTube"
"Wikipedia  secretly evil."
"Yeah so  I hit your car..."
"Just gonna leave this here..."
"This is the picture I use for pretty much every party event I create on facebook"
"The Frog Prince(ss)?"
"Reddit:"
"How to get to the front page of Reddit."
"It's my Reddit Cake Day"
"It's my Reddit Cake Day (FIXED)"
"Its friday and a 3 day weekend!!"
"Every time I read my facebook news feed."
"My favorite face swap!"
"There was a Delorean with the license plate MCFLYon the front page of pics yesterday in case you haven't heard."
"In response to all of these &quot;When I noticed/ irl game pictures&quot; posts"
"It's my Cake day today  but I have a feeling things are going to turn out something like this."
"Bonding moment"
"Best dog Halloween costume ever."
"you get dizzy after a while"
"How I feel hearing that The Hobbit will be a trilogy"
"When my wife is in the mood and she's on her period."
"This is how I feel when studying immunology"
"Whenever i read a Spanish paragraph"
"Me Attempting to Educate Myself on the Higgs Boson Discovery"
"Reading about the Higgs boson"
"How i feel reading the AMA from the engineers of the Curiosity Rover Mission"
"Best Gif Ever  credit to NOTTHEDROIDS105  i think. In case anybody hasn't already seen this one."
"Genetics  they're just incredible."
"Stranded"
"Salvation!"
"Never seen one like this..."
"Dopey escalator dog."
"What game developers have done with Call of Duty over the past 2 years"
"Every local radio station whenever a new song is released"
"Every local radio station whenever a new song is released"
"How I feel when I see yet another Chick-fil-A post"
"Trying to get my SO off the pc to have sex"
"Let's give him another Mountain Dew and see what else he does"
"When Google+ suggest people I should be friends with."
"[HIFW] looking for a streamer i like on the League of Legends twitch page"
"A manatee and her baby"
"WTF mom!"
"Beans from Even Stevens all grown up"
"Galvanize The Empire"
"Not even one."
"Hold still  Sonny"
"After browsing /r/new for 30 minutes"
"Thought it was pretty funny"
"amazing photo of a storm going over NYC"
"A battle is about to begin.."
"This time has been coming for a long time"
"taylor swift coincidence??"
"I think I am..."
"This shouldn't bother me as much has it does..."
"I know I'm not the only one."
"in response to everyone complaining about posts just for karma's sake"
"Reddit lately...."
"In regards to r/gonewild recently."
"Quack Quack."
":D"
"this is one of my favorite gifs"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"hey  you mind if i get some attention"
"How boomerangs actually work."
"If Zelda were true to the laws of physics..."
"just let me pour some Champagne . . ."
"Don't forget the jazz hands!"
"The old man from 'Up' exists in real life"
"Who knows him?"
"I am 6'7&quot;. This is how I get out of the back seats of cars."
"Dog VS Pet Door"
"Nature's Beauty."
"A Fact of Life - WTF"
"A fact of life..."
"Capitalist America..."
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"This was in my local newspaper.."
"The perils of homeschooling: &quot;If you believe in evolution  you can't be in favour of homosexuality  or the ducks will get you in the end&quot;"
"Jasmin doesn't want ducks to take over the world"
"Homosexuality could lead to ducks taking over the world."
"How I Treat the Girls on /r/Gonewild That Beg for Upvotes"
"When Donald Duck visits r/gonewild"
"When my friend asks for one of my fries"
"HE SAID IT!"
"When you gotta go  you gotta go..."
"Punch Bowl Falls  Eagle Creek Wilderness Area  California [1600 x 1200]"
"The Reddit Invasion [Historical Infographic of Reddit]"
"Saw this in news feed. I might have laughed harder than I should have."
"Realizations as a '90s kid"
"I want to go up. NOW."
"Almooost there.. Just a bitttt moreee..."
"You can make it!"
"this is a great idea"
"Anyone else think this would be a cool Mod Idea?"
"So I tried using the Source Filmmaker for the first time."
"So I got DayZ two days ago."
"Not what they meant when they said grab the bull by the horns"
"Julio Aparicio  was gored in the throat during a bullfight."
"Julio Aparicio  one of Spain's most famous matadors  was gored in the throat during a bullfight."
"When someone hates you."
"This smug bastard."
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Some things make you smile every time"
"How i feel when people come round unannounced."
"Realizing I missed my cakeday because i decided to go out and socialize"
"What it feels like walking into McDonalds with more than $5."
"When I get glue on my hands"
"Creepiest Pageant ever? Miss Pretty Eyes"
"You Laugh  You Lose (FIXED)"
"This never fails to cheer me up when I've had a bad day."
"Multiple interviews today"
"Nice work Luke"
"Nice work  luke."
"Just a reminder"
"And now that your rose is in bloom...A light hits the gloom on the gray."
"This is probably the weirdest thing I've seen in a while."
"Seal"
"Resuscitating a drowned cat according to a vet book."
"Bush's Cabinets"
"Bounce bounce bounce [NSFW]"
"To Kanye  Love Kanye"
"Spot me bro while I lift."
"One heck of a smile."
"MTV India needs better interns"
"Wait... What?"
"i was looking for a picture that said 'the internet makes me happy' on google images... this is what I found."
"Face Swap"
"River Monster"
"He's real!"
"This Shit is Gangsta."
"This wasn't being appreciated on my newsfeed."
"Pop!"
"Went to my non-redditor's friend house  his cat belongs here"
"Incredible lightning looks like bacon"
"My favorite actors in six of my favorite TV shows  all pictured together."
"My coworker went to the doctor today for a pinched nerve in his back. Diagnosis: Ostrich"
"Puppy"
"Never before has a war been so courteously declared ..."
"My friend left his Facebook logged in at an electronics store  I saw this a few hours later"
"This is how I &quot;gently&quot; disagree"
"Bitch  I called fives."
"How I feel owning a 160GB ipod"
"Who the fuck cares what people who don't use Reddit think about Reddit?"
"So I'm in Puerto Rico  and this idiot cuts me off and nearly punctures my car tire"
"Just a day at the park with Harry"
"Naps"
"Weiners to the face"
"Clint Eastwood just became a little more awesome."
"Jump on it"
"Go on  have your fun  it's the children who will suffer."
"Just  bring me the outcome..."
"Self-abuse"
"Angels are jerks."
"Angry panda"
"My favorite gif"
"How I feel when I can't pull myself away from reddit"
"How the average Redditor spits game."
"Did someone say..."
"Meanwhile  in Metropolis..."
"Real life Bikini Bottom in the winter"
"Best gif ever?"
"Christians: 1  Atheists: 0"
"flying high"
"How I feel EVERY night"
"My friends say I'm disturbed  but I just call myself a loyal fan."
"Introducing  the best way to troll your roomate."
"Sunlit string"
"I think my parents buy this in bulk."
"If only I had known this as a child..."
"We all have these kinds of days"
"Dat tail!"
"when a post looks like its doing well."
"FLOP FLOP FLOP FLOP"
"Watched this classic [gif] for about ten minutes today  I laughed the whole time."
"Anime debate"
"We've got a winner here."
"The day that Randy the Golf Cart snapped"
"For my cake day  give me all of your glory."
"The glorious truth behind the Ridiculously Photogenic Guy effect"
"How I feel getting 200 link karma"
"my girlfriends reaction to buying a vibrator"
"It's been over 10 years now  and this is still my favorite PS1 RPG."
"Lunch"
"Obviously not enough Redditors using this app"
"Why not...."
"even though we lost   I am still impressed"
"It's Friday! You know what that means?"
"Ever wondered how (some) locks work?"
"How Keys Work (GIF)"
"This is how natural selection works"
"This is how my muta harass tends to end up"
"Cat catches bird in mid air - very cool"
"Some matrix bullshit here..."
"No time to explain. Grab a cactus!"
"Team Assassins"
"Team Assassins [x-post r/gifs]"
"My reaction every night when I click r/gonewild . THANK YOU LADIES!!"
"Remember the guy that made the Pig origami to pay his Ticket? They made him unfold them!"
"Oh no you di'n't!!!"
"Don't hit animals."
"Derpin dog has licks."
"Pure Bliss"
"Birds at a (10)"
"Isn't this just rape?"
"When I see that the serving size for Oreos is three cookies."
"When an art major told me that engineering is the worst field to go into"
"Who is this girl?"
"Scariest clown to walk the face of the earth..."
"smashing  smashing  smashing  smashing....."
"My exact reaction to finally getting a job in my field after 6 months of searching."
"Before we got together  this was my reaction every time someone assumed my girlfriend and I were dating."
"CEAS Dean Carlo &quot;Stepping down&quot;. My first thought as a CS student whose degree he tried to kill last year"
"My reaction when my girlfriend asked me to watch women's Olympic volleyball with her."
"Finding out the original 'FreeCreditReport.com' band is back doing commercials."
"2 things on Earth completely freak my wife out. The human eye  and bees. I sent her this link without mentioning what it was."
"Watch out  we got a badass car over here."
"Clubbing done right"
"Just casually"
"A redditors weekly cycle"
"Life of a Redditor"
"facebook gold (obama to romney)"
"How He/She Got An F for The Test"
"5 year old brother just got a new nerf gun"
"Are you feeling the LSD now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Lil' Wayne"
"Morgan Freeman as Count Dracula on The Electric Company"
"Meet the Ambilobe Panther Chameleon"
"Falcon Punch!"
"Interesting Graph"
"Math. STAHP!"
"The advantages of being colorblind."
"He makes a poncho look badass (FIXED)"
"Childhood---&gt; Ruined"
"The secret of happiness is"
"A Storm Troll!"
"Am I the only one who sees the resemblance?"
"Ice-T and Coco"
"Jim Carrey Raging"
"Le reddit"
"Abbey Tropicana cyriak's style"
"Taking a stroll with some frients..."
"Absolutely Ridiculous"
"How I feel when I see that Michael Bay is rebooting TMNT."
"My reaction after seeing a girl I know in /r/gonewild and then realizing the account was deleted."
"My reaction to hearing about Elder Scrolls Online"
"My reaction to finding out my new neighbors at school are bros."
"Ex asked me if I wanted her back"
"mid-life superheroes"
"Just a guy riding a pig  drinking a beer."
"Such a simple  but joyful life"
"Shark teeth?"
"So I am scared of sharks... using this as my therapy."
"About those squid with human like teeth... They're all assimilating!"
"At some point in time  this was considered attractive as shit. I'll just let you think about that one for a minute."
"Just had to."
"Pooh doesn't give a fuck"
"0 bothers given."
"HOW IN THE HELL????"
"WTF?"
"You know a cat likes you when it does this."
"Best TF2 Soldier Cosplay"
"Someone likes variety"
"I will eat the trash"
"Ill have a pound of...WTF?!"
"I always thought you parked your car in the garage  not the garage on the car"
"I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who feels like this somedays."
"Happy Columbus Day!"
"Ironic  innit?"
"Whenever i play wingman."
"Dear People of the World..."
"Dear People of the World  ..."
"Christians really nailed us this time..."
"I saw this on Facebook. It may not be your cup of tea  but you gotta give props to the religion put behind it."
"A deer walks into a bar"
"You're at the bar enjoying your drink  and suddenly...."
"How I feel when I'm at my boyfriend's house for studying/sexy times and his parents come home unannounced."
"This sign is in Delhi. The product's name is Blow."
"This magnificent bastard."
"They moment when your first post gets 50 upvotes"
"My Dog and My Girlfriend's Dog Face-timing. They weren't amused."
"Ron. Fucking. Swanson"
"One of many truths about the internet"
"Patrick Star- Our Country's Hero"
"Patrick Star 2012"
"I know who I'm voting for"
"The irony is outstanding..."
"Old Man Yells at Chair"
"When you smoke out a girl and she fucks your dealer."
"Just saw this in r/gifs  thought it really belonged here"
"Feline Disrespect"
"Whenever my Nephew tries to put me down because of my disability."
"Yakkity Joff"
"Bird with Attitude"
"I think I found a witch"
"I imagine this is how I look when people try to wake me up."
"I want this NOW!"
"The Maturity Climb"
"The climb of maturity"
"Black Cat Tongue"
"I sometimes drink like this to pretend to be a cat"
"Around The World"
"The chain of events unfolds"
"Interesting Urinals... Must be uncomfortable for guys..."
"Shart?"
"Taco bell?"
"1. Find inactive subreddits  2. Post this picture  3. ???  4. Profit!"
"How I feel about Australia"
"Waterskiers set new world record in Tasmania"
"well.......[7]"
"How I feel when my post hits the frontpage"
"No comment."
"Mondays. I hate Mondays."
"Good morning!"
"baby hedgehog"
"Going down Swinging"
"What are you telling me google!?"
"The end of all hope"
"This is a great alternative to the toilet paper debate."
"How I feel when people tell me how they feel"
"Colonel Sanders and Alice Cooper"
"When I see Tristan Barker/Facebeef starting a comment argument on Facebook"
"Just a guy saying hello"
"Googled &quot;Nicklecage&quot;. Did not disappoint."
"You think these are man tracks? THEY'RE TRAIN TRACKS BITCH"
"Man gets hit by a train"
"Arrested while on acid"
"Arrested while on acid"
"&quot;We Built It&quot;"
"Yes  yes you did..."
"We Built It!"
"&quot;College Essentials&quot; - Good to know someone has their priorities correctly aligned!"
"Target nailed it."
"Who lives in a pineapple under the... OH DEAR GOD!"
"The Period Table of (British) Swearing"
"what did I come in here for...?"
"Banana Cat"
"One of these bananas looks a bit off..."
"After a year on reddit  this is how I feel about having 5k link karma"
"The Mandelbrot set"
"Idk if this is a repost or not but its pretty crazy."
"Glasgow knows best"
"ASL for Cats."
"ASL for Cats"
"A miracle in the liquor store."
"Epic Eye Trick. (Gif)"
"How to deal with someone dissin your flygurl"
"Funk Dancing"
"Mesmerizing"
"&quot;Betrayal&quot;"
"How the Hurt Locker should have ended."
"When you go to use a public restroom and no one is in there"
"Meeting new women while with my wife."
"When your girlfriend introduces you to her attractive friends"
"Just a ballpoint pen..."
"Well  that's one way to get your hair cut.."
"I like my new costume."
"Me gusta."
"Hitler niglet"
"The alternative to eyebleach.com"
"My face when I saw my post on the frontpage."
"I was finally able to pull up imgur at work today"
"Checking my powerball numbers and finding out I won 3 dollars"
"Reddit  I made a picture for you guys."
"Ermahgerd erm a derlphern"
"Scariest Olympic Moment Yet? (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"Steroids and OCD = WTF!"
"The old gun-in-reindeer's-ass ploy."
"Norway's Artillery Regiment"
"What the fuck... [gif]"
"Every time I watch my Boxer puppy squat to take a pee in the house after just coming in from a long walk outside."
"Every time my parents add a browser toolbar add-on"
"World Leaders  by David Icke."
"Nice dress for dogs ... reloaded"
"Horsin' around with my new yoga ball.."
"This... This Is Love"
"I give you 50x Emma Watson"
"So I stumbled across r/SpaceDicks..."
"When i log into Facebook and see memes"
"WTF Jesus?!?"
"I CAN FLY! Nope."
"My cat trying to make the front page"
"i laughed so hard"
"We're still doing combined gifs aren't we? here's mine ENJOY! - Imgur"
"Karma Whores"
"A gift from the dogs."
"That's a nice costume!"
"Scootaloo regrets nothing."
"Exactly 2 Years ago I discovered reddit  and...."
"On spending two years of my life on reddit:"
"The end of the world  and my last year was spent on Reddit."
"Was shunned for using the word 'retard' in the title of a post that netted me +1 000 karma."
"Pest control can be funny too..."
"Deadmau5 looks horrible lately.."
"When my phone dies from too much Reddit and I am nowhere near a computer."
"How I feel when someone I introduced to Reddit hits the front page..."
"Every time I get tipped at work"
"The juxtaposition is what gets me."
"Ooooohhhh Yeeeeaaahhhh....."
"Wow  your car art is really... unique."
"It was a much simpler time then..."
"Cock in line... old school style"
"Festival of Lanterns in Chiang Mai  Thailand"
"Dammnit girl  how many days in a year?"
"Positive!"
"Tried the Facebook edit thing. Even if they know what's coming  it still ends up okay."
"A fridge any parent would be proud of."
"My friend has a bit of a feud going on with his neighbor (Facebook)"
"Never hand your enemy a weapon"
"Why are you always in such a bad mood?"
"The litter tray is empty."
"whenever I see someone post an intelligent response that solves the issue..."
"How I feel when the TV series i'm watching comes to an end"
"Recent Reddit Meetup"
"My reaction when I realize a cool-looking article is hosted on About.com"
"What it feels like when I'm comparing items on AH"
"First time I had a Five Guys burger"
"How I feel when I come back to Reddit and all the links are blue:"
"what karma feels like..."
"HIFW I get an upvote [X-post from /r/funny]"
"how i felt when i found out that the wedding i'm going to has an open bar all night"
"Old Piano turned into outdoor fountain"
"How I feel about reddit  after a few months of use"
"Teamwork"
"Why we had more than 1 son..."
"MFW when i realized it was my cakeday."
"This just makes me happy"
"Can anyone give me context for this gif?"
"How I feel as a new redditor"
"Oh that Neil Armstrong!"
"Boba &quot;Disco&quot; Fett"
"My reaction to all the photos of the Discovery shuttle"
"How it feels to see all the posts about finals when you're not in college."
"Just realized I missed my first Cakeday."
"I tried to put in my two weeks notice and my boss told me not to bother coming in the next day."
"I'm not 100% sure but I think that I misread the directions."
"this is me after not seeing my SO for a month."
"Nice mask"
"Strike a pose"
"Strike a pose"
"Shark"
"Oh the humiliation!"
"20 years old and noticed ten hairs on my chest"
"After having 2 of my posts make the front page in the same day"
"I've seen a lot of stupid shit on my facebook feed  but this takes the cake."
"This desperate need for &quot;likes&quot; and notifications on Facebook has gone TOO far."
"This was on my newsfeed."
"Saw this posted on facebook  wtf?"
"Me after my asshole friend knocked on my door screaming &quot;POLICE  OPEN UP!!&quot;  as I'm pirating stuff."
"When my girlfriend asks if her new outfit makes her look fat..."
"Just saw my crazy ex at a party."
"Is everyone sick of the lightning photos from Chch  yet? Well  here's one more..."
"Lightning storm in my hometown tonight  Chch NZ"
"Clearly the smartest cat in existence."
"What would Gaben do for you?"
"Hovering over the Earth"
"Steve McCurry's stunning photo of a 9/11 rescue worker"
"How I feel browsing Reddit at work when the boss walks in."
"Here  have a nightmare"
"Hitler and his IPhone"
"If you have anything to do with this FUCK YOU!!!!!!"
"CD mosaic of Freddie Mercury"
"Cool picture of Freddie Mercury made out of discs"
"Freddie Mercury made out of Queen CD's"
"Mr. Feeny"
"18 000 soldiers stand to form the statue of liberty  1918"
"As an American Moving Out of the Country in August  this is how I view the 2012 Elections"
"FOUND IT"
"How the internet feels today because of 3 good news  (higgs boson found  ACTA defeated oatmeal wins)"
"Hey Sexy Lady"
"Have a heart? [NSFW]"
"If I only had a heart."
"It's my Reddit Birthday. I just want to encourage you all to follow your dreams."
"Double Stuffed Is For Pussies"
"Dwight."
"A fat Mel Gibson shows you how classy this picture is (nsfw)."
"onions aren't the only foods that make you cry"
"Lets show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown"
"Seems Legit"
"Louie CK on women's periods"
"Fuck wasps"
"I can't wait for winter"
"Idiot friends"
":3"
"How I felt when my 8 year old cousin said all PS1 games sucked."
"How I feel living in London and seeing people complaining about their hot summer..."
"In the recent heatwave  this is how I wish I would feel."
"A very broke me looking at my facebook feed filled with friends bragging about their Steam summer sale purchases."
"How I feel as a poor college student with $0.37 to my name during the Steam Summer Sale"
"So I Just Fount Out The Steam Summer Sake Started While I Was Out On Vacation"
"If it rains in the Olympic Ceremony."
"How it feels flying standby"
"Everybody Hurts  Doctor."
"An Englishman's view on rainymood.com"
"THE GABE-INATOR"
"Just a pic with the BFFs"
"I wish he was our president..."
"Unamused cat is unamused"
"Overly attached Mazda"
"The World's narrowest house"
"Finally a car sticker which I like."
"Still one of my favorite GIF mashups."
"Scissors beat Paper"
"I love optical illusions"
"What's more valuable? A question or an answer? [XP:RP]"
"D'awwww"
"Teahupoo--Not photoshopped."
"Super Massive Wave. This can't be normal."
"Best.Wedding.Ever [Fixed?]"
"‡Long Live The Dead Throne‡"
"Weight Lifting Level: Jedi"
"Mental weightlifting"
"Gamer Mentality"
"Shark Tank Breaks at Kuwait Scientific Center"
"Sometimes you just need a sign that tells you to stop what you're doing."
"What I imagine is happening to the weather reporters in the storm."
"he got caught..."
"...so this was my punishment."
"Like a boss."
"When I fail a test I studied hard for."
"Coming home after failing a final I studied hard for"
"Hipster Level 99"
"Just studying at the cafe"
"Colombian drug lord's cash stash."
"Zero ideas about wtf this is but it still makes more sense than &quot;the birds and the bees&quot;"
"Obi-wan don't give a fuck."
"Fuck you if you bring this to the movie theater."
"Woke up this morning ......"
"Passed out at a party last night. When I woke up..."
"In the coming months  Total Recall  Judge Dredd and Red Dawn will all hit theaters."
"Dear Criterion and Ea  please re-make this game. Thanks."
"Had sex last night for the first time in months. If I could sum it up in one gif..."
"Someone asked me what my girlfriend and I did this weekend..."
"Michael Jordan's Reaction to Kobe's Statement about the US Olympic Team Being Better than The Dream Team."
"A new kind of shadow art"
"Paints with Shadows and Light"
"Where can i buy this!?"
"Punt Return Rage"
"Y U No stop running?"
"Every time I see a play like this..."
"Football Trollin'..."
"Oh yeah? Well take THAT bitch..."
"When I see how much of my paycheck is going to taxes."
"My reaction when the girl I am seeing asked me to read &quot;50 Shades of Grey&quot; with her because &quot;it's a really good book.&quot;"
"What I'm really day dreaming about at one of my meetings."
"When I manage to get a Nickelback song stuck in my head."
"Well  it was one darn good Halloween"
"Me after The Dark Knight Rises."
"My aunt just showed me this picture of hail storm in Alberta  Canada... beautiful pic  horrible aftermath"
"I....just....um  I don't know what to say"
"TO THE Fat...Mobile...?"
"Amurika!"
"Just Nick Cage as an s&amp;m Superman is all..."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson fan club posted this on his G+ account. Powerful stuff."
"Don't worry kid  I fall over when I get hit by invisible energy too."
"↓ ↘ → + HP HADOKEN!!"
"This is how I feel trying to stop reposts."
"Remeber that all WTF posts do not have to include a penis  /R/WTF"
"Found on fb....bad ass dogs"
"Box vs. Animal"
"Animals reactions to being placed inside a cardboard box"
"Animals' reactions to being placed inside a cardboard box"
"Ermagerd Clerp Clerps"
"Colin  a raptor dance  and Jurassic Park Remix."
"Go Onnnn..."
"King of the Internet"
"did you say....CHOCOLATE??"
"Friendzone level: car"
"Einstein and his therapist."
"Works every time"
"The Morgan Freeman Chain of Command [photo]"
"Pretty intense storm."
"Gotta be kitten me"
"Hanging in there..."
"Meanwhile in Slovakia"
"This is what I do if someone gets too close."
"Me watching my neighbor throw her boyfriend's belongings out a 2nd story window."
"Spiderman  Spiderman  does whatever a spider can."
"Watermelon + MRI"
"angry birds"
"When I think I'm making a golden post"
"When I criticize my girlfriend's outfit..."
"Right in the kisser"
"Guess which one the Bible's OK with? [pic]"
"When I heard Snooki's naked pictures were released"
"After watching an episode of Ms. Eastwood and Company"
"The black knight rises"
"Those crazy  beautiful Russians."
"TED saxing the night away (fixed)"
"MINNNIONNNNN!"
"the mind continues to boggle"
"Fatty Ball Z"
"What have I just seen?"
"How I feel after finally checking r/spacedicks"
"Reverse thrusters!!!"
"&quot;..we only let atheists in heaven.&quot;"
"This is how Reddit is when it comes to EVERYTHING."
"A &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; dance from Ringo."
"Anger!"
"Everytime i get rick rolled!!"
"Blissful Shoe Dancing."
"An accurate representation of all group projects in High School."
"They clearly left their friends behind."
"Too Soon?"
"Now that's what I call a troll-son.."
"This guy deserves a medal"
"He's screwed."
"It happens all the time"
"Level level: Level"
"Kid Takes It Twice For The Team [x-post /funny]"
"How I felt this morning after completing my first final."
"probably the most wtf gif on the internet"
"My girlfriend doesn't think she's so great  but I just love her painting skills. What does Reddit think?"
"My girlfriends art amazes me..."
"A friend on my neighbours' second cousin father in law painted something beautiful"
"What  that? Don't you worry about that."
"How did he... wait... what..."
"Why I love monkeys"
"Lightning lighting up a huge cloud"
"Science"
"Fireworks Art"
"Never piss off a graphic designer."
"Even Wolverine likes Gangnam Style"
"SAP @ The Masters?"
"The Original Karma Whore"
"&quot;Come help with the groceries!&quot; while watching the game"
"I cant see any comments in /new"
"How I feel when I'm on a diet"
"Maximum Overdrive [gif]"
"To infinity... and beyond!"
"Stole this from facebook. Deal with it."
"United States vs. The rest of the world"
"Arbitrary Retarded Rollercoaster"
"Arbitrary Retard Rollercoaster"
"Noted"
"Vicious Dog Attack Caught on Video"
"Preteen Bitches - Got your nose!"
"As a unlucky redditor  this is how I feel every time I get upvoted."
"Me and my teammate when I gank"
"I saved this guy from a life of coal mining for low wages. Also he fell out of a rocket ship destined for mars."
"We all have that one friend"
"Hello  this is sparta"
"Interesting point of view"
"&quot;Guys... Guys it won't go away.&quot;"
"80 000 volts through a flower"
"Saw this last night. Sounds legit."
"What school do you go to again?"
"Gory (not sure if repost)"
"But I used to stick my finger in them...?"
"Brothers through thick and thin..."
"I googled &quot;Most adorable animal couple&quot;; this was the first picture. I think it is still cute."
"The true hero of &quot;Goldeneye&quot;"
"I was asleep at work and my coworker did something extremely similar to this... Douche"
"Wat."
"I know I'm late to the party  but tried trees for the first time this fourth. More or less my reaction that night:"
"Just a Dude Playing With His Bone"
"Don't fucking tell me what I can and cannot draw on my waterfalls in paint."
"Yeah  Right .."
"/r/wallpaper made my morning with this gem.I give you Teddy Rooseevelt vs Bigfoot"
"My favorite photo of Daniel Radcliffe from his night out in Dublin"
"Best photo of Daniel Radcliffe from his night out in Dublin"
"When I've finally escaped the friend zone."
"It seems a lot less scary now"
"gg vending machine"
"Repost"
"Searched &quot;thundercunt&quot; on google...was not disappointing"
"The feeling when you up/downvote a post and make the number a round one."
"From the top of hill"
"Mr. Hulot’s Holiday (IWDRM)"
"Did someone order a cup of...Joe?"
"Rebellious Asian"
"Protect your children"
"I would have put the punchline in the title if it had got me karma"
"I finally found something for this audio."
"What i wanna do to a Romney Supporter .."
"Pre-game hunger strikes again"
"What a troll."
"MAGIC! [fixed]"
"LiveJasmin"
"Every reddit post: My grandfather is on his deathbed and I found this puppy I mean kitten in the dumpster so upvote my baby otter"
"Shackles of religion"
"freedom!"
"Perfect games for the laziest of gamers."
"Perfect games for rage-quitters. (gif)"
"Overly attached water"
"I swear this is at least half of my facebook friends."
"Am I doing it right?"
"Flip Flops &amp; Glue"
"What My Mondays Feel Like"
"This man might be the most badass man that has ever lived."
"Pussy on bacon"
"Words fail me."
"Pure magnificent beauty!"
"I imagine this is how people see me when they find out I'm a Native American majoring in environmental science"
"I just realized..."
"Every Day"
"Just realized..."
"Tuesday after a long weekend."
"Watching from a distance!"
"america.gif"
"Nothing is impossible in America."
"Faith"
"Faith in god...."
"FINISH HIM!!"
"Advanced Geography"
"Scary thought(crime?)..."
"Obliterating N64 Joysticks Since 1998"
"For all the faggots on ifunny"
"Meanwhile in Korea..."
"the story of how the leopard pants came to be"
"Muthf**ckin 'Merica"
"The witness must be a redditor."
"yup"
"TMNT Tykes"
"How I feel every 10 pages while reading &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; (2 000 pages in  still holds true)."
"That moment when your boss emails you two minutes after you get to work saying you can work from home."
"My cakeday was yesterday and the campus internet was down all day  only to return around 1:00 AM today."
"When all my posts do awful"
"When all my posts do awful"
"Dinosaurs and laserbeams. can't make this picture any more badass."
"80's CEO logic: &quot;I like your idea  but let's get rid of that nature shit  and give the dinosaurs heavy metal armor and bad ass guns.&quot;"
"But I don't even... Wtf"
"How r/aww sees every post"
"This is the saddest thing i've ever seen"
"Excuse me sir there seems to be a FUCKING DOG IN YOUR CUP!!!!"
"You replied to my comment  here's an upvote for you kind sir..."
"As a kid  how I looked trying to look mature for the babysitter."
"My neck hurts from looking at this."
"Hermit crab with a see through &quot;shell&quot;"
"Scientists at the New Zealand Marine Studies Centre placed glass shells into a hermit crab tank. The crabs soon moved into the glass shells and made themselves comfortable  allowing researchers to take these amazing photographs."
"The Doctor has a Guest"
"Some men..."
"i hate ringing my friends doorbell..."
"New Jersey Beaches  before and after Hurricane Sandy"
"statuetory rape?"
"Oh god  they're here."
"Random Imgur links presents: Mustard Guy!"
"Olympic weightlifters aint got shit on her..."
"Waitaya see my..."
"She STRONG..."
"Scientific evidence that dogs are land seals..."
"The prognosis"
"So  what are you doing this weekend?"
"An Atheist versus Christianity..."
"Sasha Grey"
"The guy every one loves to hate"
"If she hasn't...She will soon"
"How a guy imagines his girlfriend's male friends."
"Uhhhhhh. What?"
"So I just checked the front page for the first time today..."
"Everytime I listen to screamo music"
"Sometimes My Mind Wanders in Weird Ways"
"Just got on the computer this morning"
"My reaction to the new comics with shit exploding everywhere..."
"Reddit Adventures: r/minecraft"
"Quitting Cigarettes"
"Going to McDonalds at an [8]."
"When posted with a funny caption  this gif never fails to make me laugh."
"Empire Strikes Back  all in one glorious .gif (credit to creator in comments)"
"So  we meet again (classic)"
"Still the cleverest text/picture combination I've ever seen [FIXED]"
"When I speed past a cop on the highway and he turns his lights on."
"Cat like reflexes."
"Armadillo Lizard"
"Um...not quite...."
"Whenever I find myself visiting 4chan..."
"Fuck the Rules"
"When you're crossing the road and someone honks at you to hurry up."
"I laugh everytime."
"Thug cow"
"So I joined this community one year ago today  come at me."
"Taking it like a man"
"new sport: cops slalom"
"Cat cupcake"
"Tranquility."
"In light of the recent Star Wars and Disney collaboration..."
"When I think I have a chance with a girl but get turned down"
"This doesn't look right."
"Nailed it [Fixed]"
"YOU'RE GOING TO DISNEY WORLD!"
"Once you finally reach that front page..."
"When I run out of work at my part time job and there is nothing more to browse on reddit..."
"When my parents start talking about sex..."
"Fight for your flight to departy!"
"Rawr."
"Timber Wolves"
"I can show you the world..."
"Paid a bill and got this..."
"What are you looking at?"
"If he truly wanted to be happy  Waldo would be trying to find himself."
"amr atef"
"You cannot wish for more wishes..."
"i wish i could."
"Best friends do it"
"Moraine Lake  Canada"
"Who's the pussy now?"
"McDonalds isn't messin around"
"I was gonna ask why this guy hasn't done an AMA  then he answered me himself."
"I figured out how shit gets upvoted while I sleep"
"The Government's explanation for the impending Zombie apocalypse..."
"Is this still relevant? I can't tell anymore"
"So I watched a &quot;documentary&quot; on mermaids this weekend"
"In light of college midterms right about now"
"I DO COCAAAAAINE [gif]"
"And a 1  and a 2.."
"Clearly not enough redditors"
"Well  fuck."
"Easiest question yet"
"Elemental."
"The four elements"
"The elements"
"Having a bad day?"
"Wouldn't you be freaked off if some guy or girl  who just hopped off the back of a cart  started changing races  genders and facial reconstruction right before your eyes?"
"Get out Mom  I'm blogging!"
"as a new redditor  this is how i felt having 60 karma last night and 380 this morning"
"Lightning. Eclipse. Greece."
"Koalas are so cute and cuddly!"
"Wet koalas are not as cute as dry ones even when not 'shopped"
"Take that!"
"When corgis collide"
"Dragonfly covered in dewdrops."
"He's a sneaky one"
"Just a Baby Chimp"
"Found in circlejerk comments: The greatest karma whoring opprotunity."
"Fuck you  Anarchists!"
"YEAH!"
"The Lord of Dance"
"what did i just watch...?"
"Dem titties"
"I need to quit liking so many Facebook pages..."
"4chan at it again"
"A helping paw."
"Helping my friENT off the couch at a [9] to get some munchies"
"How to do an essay right!"
"Make me happy  through the years..."
"My paraplegic friend who has 2 days to live likes to paint. What do you think of his latest work?"
"My girlfriend doesn't think her art is any good"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art.. can't believe she painted this"
"Know it all Redditor #1"
"Hey  come here!"
"No worries  brah..."
"Right after the alarm goes off in the morning."
"He did it!"
"Stay out of this cat's business."
"barn owl or bullet?"
"Owl"
"I challenge you to find three common household items that put together look weirder than these three"
"I can't explain this..."
"This is still one of my favorites"
"Oh hey...."
"When I heard about India's 600 million person power outage"
"A normal  everyday catfish."
"Cat Shark"
"FUCK TORNADOES"
"Kttn"
"Grazing in the grass is a gas!"
"Baby Ninja Goat"
"How I feel studying for exams of subjects I have no interest in."
"When people tell me to get out of the bathroom and I don't."
"Train Cat has given up on life ;_;"
"Train vs brain"
"It's the only way!"
"I totally heard this in Bowie's voice..."
"My reaction to waking up and studying in the morning."
"How I feel about writing my own wedding vows:"
"Hey guys  during this holiday season  in which you may or may not be celebrating something  I just wanted to remind you all of one very important thing."
"You May Know of The Infamous Tienanmen Square Picture  But That's Only A Small Part of This Amazing Image!"
"The &quot;what have I done?!&quot; panda"
"Does God have a Flan for me?"
"How I look like in a club when my favorite song comes on"
"Can't Stop Watching..."
"I posted a link on Facebook  two minutes later a &quot;friend&quot; posted it independently."
"How I see people who thinks the 9/11 is a conspiracy"
"I want to live there"
"So... do I move closer then?"
"Cat with a great view"
"Fearless"
"Dynamite"
"There must be a difference"
"Celebrate the beauty of love!"
"Went to a baptism yesterday and this crossed my mind. It's also my cakeday."
"Went to a baptism yesterday and this crossed my mind. It's also my cakeday."
"Philosorapthor has found yet another flaw with the 6 days of creation."
"gets me thinking"
"Desire for treat greater than embarassment!"
"Can't stop laughing."
"oh hey there!"
"Date tonight...."
"Mucus in throat"
"Roommate leaves for the weekend"
"What are candy companies thinking."
"Useful for eating  and now as shaving cream!"
"When I remembered I had to go to the dentist today......."
"Went to the toilet at work  left my phone charging"
"How I feel when I'm already having a shitty week  then my car breaks down."
"How I feel submitting a repost without knowing"
"50 Years In Space"
"Pictorial Guide to Attentive Parenting"
"Oh so punny"
"Jaykwon and Tyrese  masterminds."
"Very cool"
"It's a picture of my fluffy cat! You'll love it!"
"Just vegetating on the couch"
"&quot;Knock  Knock.&quot; &quot;Who's There?&quot; &quot;Lettuce.&quot; &quot;Lettuce Who?&quot;"
"An Army of Lost Redditor Souls  all in One Coat"
"Happy effing birthday"
"Broke my leg a few months ago and ran for the first time today. This is exactly how I felt."
"Laser cannon death dolphin."
"Russian Dancing Bats [fixed]"
"Wat"
"I can't even describe it!"
"expecting a picture? well  fuck your system"
"How I feel when a girl first hints that we'll be having sex"
"When people tell me I don't sound like I'm from Alabama..."
"How it must feel to submit the same post as 100 different people but be the only one to make it to the front page"
"Mfw I get the top post on a small subreddit"
"Amazing room."
"The only argument ever needed."
"My feelings as I just realized its my cakeday  and there are no cats around"
"Industrial Kitty"
"Sadly  This would get most people on facebook crying..."
"The Tribulations of Johannes Kepler"
"Emotional Scars"
"Scars"
"He went to Hyrule."
"Wednesday is my Cake Day  but I'll be backpacking in Yosemite with my Daughter. Submitting my upvote whoring image early. Feel free to use it often - it's based on another image I saw on Reddit  but I think the arrows really should go &quot;up&quot;. Enjoy your week!"
"Whenever my friend submits a link"
"&quot;Commander  we must stop the original content!&quot; &quot;You're right. Bomb run... engage.&quot; (How my first post went down)"
"I made this for my Cake Day yesterday  but got distracted. Browsing. Reddit."
"Bodybuilder (NSFW)"
"Smile from Heaven"
"Trying to piss with a boner"
"Ink birds [gif]"
"Taco taco taco APE"
"No title can make this picture funnier than it already is"
"After viewing /r atheism I realized..."
"This is what happens when the filming of a horse on woman pornography video goes wrong. [NSFL]"
"Awesome Spider is AWESOME !"
"There is nothing cuter than a baby fennec fox."
"I can't be the only one who does this... Anyone have a better one?"
"Not quite sure how this is possible"
"How I feel as an American redditor at any hour..."
"People booing at the 4th of July parade today."
"Whenever someone insults America on the internet"
"Hey /r/gaming  I spent a little while making a tribute poster to Nintendo. How many faces can you see?"
"Like a sir."
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks."
"Pixar vs Dreamworks"
"This man was struck by lightening and the scar is amazing  albeit tragic. Known as a Lichtenberg scar."
"Lichtenberg Figures: Formed when a person is hit by a lightning"
"A Woman of Many Talents"
"Good luck"
"Jesus (x-post from /r/Funny"
"QWOP contender or Downs child? You decide."
"I decided to compile all the info/how-to pictures I could find... Enjoy!"
"Break it down."
"one scary ass alligator."
"I'll just leave this here"
"Can’t stop watching…"
"The Epicest Battle"
"I think this is the king of the stupid facebook pictures..."
"That's what friends are for"
"Well  have you?"
"As a Floridian I would like to do this for the benefit of the American people."
"Watched this for half an hour"
"Marlon Brando types with his cat  date unknown [1280x1280]"
"Sometimes it's just about Marlon Brando and a cat - /r/HistoryPorn"
"Blubber and cuteness"
"ROTFLMAO in the wild"
"&quot;what&quot;"
"It's very rare to find a gif that exactly expresses the way you feel."
"Dragon Fly In The Morning Dew"
"Great reaction sequence: Very funny and applicable response to many posts. (Sorry if it's a repost)"
"No matter how many times I see this  I can't get enough of this gif.."
"Oh that's just disgusting"
"Scar."
"Wait till Ernie sits down"
"I don't always repost things when im high but..."
"Some people just want to watch the world burn.."
"When i beat a water level on any game."
"Well played  Newcastle. [PART 2]"
"PROOF! Chain mails are real!"
"DIED"
"Just a tiny pig."
"I need to vacation here!"
"Japanese Spider Crab"
"Dear Acne"
"This is all I see on r/aww (http://xkcd.com/262/)"
"Birthday skeleton"
"My type of back to school!"
"Useful ?"
"Bed and Breakfast"
"Me when Hearthfire is announced and I STILL don't have Dawnguard on PS3"
"Three wishes"
"When you see it..."
"My dancing after a few drinks."
"How I Feel About The Return Of The Square Celestial Bodies"
"I Hate It When People Try To Save Parking Spots:"
"Hidden in the A-hole"
"My favorite gif ever"
"I'm new here."
"The original photobomber"
"Oh  Mudkip..."
"My cat on my stomach."
"Catgroove"
"This isn't my apex."
"return of the metal cat"
"x-post from /r/MakeupAddiction: Am I doing it right?"
"BAD ROCK"
"When I discovered porn...."
"So that's why I don't have any swag!"
"The first time i haven't been entirely upset with the use of &quot;swag&quot;."
"Some People Are Too Attached to Traditional Media"
"Facebook"
"Too soon?"
"I bet this cat is an asshole."
"Doesn't take &quot;no&quot; for an answer"
"Scariest Face swap"
"This remains my favorite photoshop  if you can top it  leave a link in the comments"
"Tragic"
"Panda Gymnastics"
"Trying to make it to the front page with a clever title"
"My first attempt at this."
"Please enjoy this culturally  religiously  ethnically  politically correct cartoon. Thank you."
"The most poignant moment from the Simpsons."
"FPSRussia is one lucky son of a bitch"
"What a great idea."
"Existentialist Dog"
"The first time I cheated on a test"
"I just thought to myself  &quot;I should do this now instead of later.&quot;"
"The real marathon champion"
"Most brutal villain in video game history [FIXED]"
"Moo Bitch"
"Colbert  the redditor"
"Cow Vs. Girl"
"Some People"
"I would go back in time just to play with these again..."
"Nice e-reader."
"Fuck this."
"9/11 inspired T-shirt."
"Nice shirt  buddy..."
"Dressed for 9/11"
"The only reason why i watch &quot; how i met your mother &quot;"
"2484 Well played  psych exam... (imgur.com) submitted 8 hours ago by EccentricOddity 900 commentssharesavehidereport"
"Homophobic theory of dinosauric extinction"
"Bikini Shaving related traffic offender!!"
"Bullshit."
"This happens to the most of us."
"Interspecies Love"
"doggystyle"
"Rape can be cute"
"another dead American... ohhhh the horror!!!"
"Rammstein Party Boat"
"Louis CK being somewhat badass"
"I've been seeing alot of reposting recently. In an unrelated note  check out what I painted yesterday."
"Don't fuck with this guy."
"2 Girls 1 Octopus (NSFW)"
"Can I has drinks?"
"Six Million Dollar Cat"
"Just a cat  being cool  and cute!"
"Reddit  I Don't Have Any Cats  So I Got This Person to Earn Some Karma For Me on My Cake Day"
"Someone unsubbed me from everything but r/aww"
"Even our best friends have heros"
"When there isn't anything good on reddit."
"Oceans are deep"
"Hey atheists..."
"This is brought to you by the letter O"
"Wut?"
"I shall call him my fuzzy and fuzzy will be mine!"
"Most convincing proof of global warming"
"This was shot down in r/pics. Obviously this community feels the same  the picture has been posted here numerous times. My only 9-11 takeaway."
"Trick or Treat!"
"NBA Orchestra"
"Woke up this morning expecting blue links to Reddits usual Romney-hate threads... Woke up to what George Bush did right?"
"Just a big ass balloon"
"Couldn't help but think this when I saw it. Get 'em Mr. President!"
"This is what happens when you FUCK a SQUIRREL in the ASS  Larry."
"Hey!"
"Perseverance (x-post from r/aww) - Motivation from the most unlikely of places"
"Not sure if french"
"The mind is capable of some remarkable feats. Can you guys can write your comments using this same format?"
"Neil Armstrong on the moon!"
"I was ill-prepared for my cake day today. Therefore..."
"Communist Mario"
"Me on the dance floor at an [8]"
"I got a job in my field yesterday after graduating 2-years ago. I don't even care it's my cakeday."
"Classy as fuck."
"It honestly doesnt get more classy than this"
"'The most attractive photo on the internet' [x-post from r/pics]"
"The only way to skip."
"What I do when my post gets more down votes than up votes"
"How I feel when someone sends an eBay &quot;Best Offer&quot; that is higher than my minimum requirement"
"When I Still Have Time Left in an Exam  But I Have Nothing Left to Say"
"Tunnel of Love  Kleven  Ukraine."
"Not the Bob Marley shirt  the other thing."
"Some Road Workers Taking Time Off To Play A Game"
"It's really comfy"
"Youtube at its best..."
"Your mind: officially blown"
"Mind Blown"
"Do you pee in the shower?"
"Noseybonk... (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Medical Advances."
"Medical advances."
"Let's call someone..[gif]"
"Here let me get the wrinkles out for you."
"Here let me get the wrinkles out for you x/posted to r/aww"
"Reddit  you have one very clear choice today"
"I want to be a bunny rabbit [x-post /funny]"
"Gotland  Sweden  looks like van Gogh's &quot;Starry night&quot; from space"
"Along came a spider..."
"This was the only option."
"Flish!!!"
"NdGT dropping knowledge bombs today"
"FREE BREADSTICKS!"
"Bilingual Mayor"
"Mad Flavor"
"Woody."
"Who Said It? Mitt Romney vs Mr. Burns"
"Men in the baby food aisle"
"Found this on my Facebook newsfeed..."
"Dear...Pokemaster?"
"The Dear Leader"
"Was googling some Pokemon stuff and found this..."
"This is the funniest gif I have seen in a while..."
"My neighbors cat..."
"reddit's top 80 powerful photos compiled from a previous post on reddit[slightly NSFW]"
"Sunset on Mars"
"WHOOPSIE!!"
"Bring ya skates."
"Stark &amp; Recreation"
"This is professional photobombing"
"There can only be one photobomb master"
"Forever Alone...[x-post from r/aww]"
"Someday I'll be a unicorn"
"How I felt when I woke up this morning  knowing my semester Starts tomorrow."
"We are definitely not the only unique and special little snowflakes in the Universe"
"Bounce!!"
"Little black dog and the red ball (fixed)"
"Followed the delicious recipe perfectly  now to taste my meal for the first time"
"yuuuuuuckkyyyy.."
"I feel like this sometimes"
"Obama + Harry potter = Hitler sonic x10"
"Redditor selling his car on Craigslist"
"Car selling...you're doing it right."
"What the internet has really come down to"
"1984 Discovery Launch"
"This guy needs to comment on reddit instead."
"Ninja kitty"
"Every time I want to look good..."
"A stroll in the park."
"This fat wiener was on TV this morning. (SFW)"
"At dawn we ride  gentlemen."
"Best Wendy's Review ever."
"Helpful Wendy's review"
"Christmas Presents!"
"MFW I found out when I got a 4 on my A.P. test."
"Faster  faster!"
"stay on the air..."
"Every time I see this I think I'm about to be killed"
"Tuts Mah Barreh (Please  don't throw eggs at me.)"
"Sax Master"
"How we transport cows in Texas"
"Only in my hometown...."
"The sad story"
"Oh how I miss 90s television...especially this one"
"This is how Rain looks when you are in AIR"
"Thor's view of a thunderstorm!"
"Those are some nice Toms."
"There are no words."
"Reading the NSFW threads in AskReddit"
"My reaction when Starbucks said they were out of Coffee AND Tea"
"When I found out what kind of porn my husband watches while going through his browsing history"
"My reaction when my girlfriend said she didn't know who Bill Nye was"
"YSK how the eurozone bailouts work"
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"Mount Everest"
"Humorously tragic boob job"
"C-130 Angel Wing Flares"
"push  please?"
"ya  your just a big pushover"
"The only person who can pull off Google Glasses."
"That will teach her a lesson!!"
"Snaped a picture of this guy at the zoo"
"Post-Sandy kindness of strangers in Manhattan"
"Luigi wins by doing nothing"
"Smooth"
"Role reversal"
"Best Buddies"
"OH YOU!"
"Taking a walk today after having a cast on my leg for 6 weeks."
"Shufflin'"
"its been too long.."
"How to:"
"Forgive my naiveness... is this real?"
"Windsurfing: Now with more wind!"
"Gold nugget"
"Meanwhile in Brazil"
"Cristo Redentor"
"Realistic gun sounds."
"Wait for it..."
"I just want to quit life after seeing this. [NSFW. Possibly NSFL]"
"The 'ol switcharoo"
"Watch out  we got a granny over here!"
"Doug  from Ugly Americans"
"Monday..."
"&quot;Get under the spout...&quot;"
"Hong Kong skyline"
"We all have a hidden talent inside all of us..."
"Only in japan...."
"That's a big corner of nope! &quot;Fixed&quot;"
"Fuck Gravity"
"How I felt finding r/Girlsinyogapants. [fixed]"
"All Glory to the Hypno Toad"
"Famous scenes posed by same actors years later!"
"You're doing it wrong."
"We lost one of our greatest scientists today..."
"The only thing I have worth putting in my will"
"Spongebob is a fucking genius  literally[PIC]"
"It's FRIIIIDAY!"
"Looked at my trophy case this morning"
"My reaction when I saw The Culture High is fully funded before its deadline!"
"Run for your lives!"
"Looks like the cat's on acid again (possible re-post)"
"Boomerang Cat"
"My new favorite .gif"
"When a girl tells me I'm completely immature about sex. [OC]"
"On ya stevo"
"You know you're not the first. But do you really care?"
"European ads are so much better than North American Ones. [Fixed]"
"btjunkie shut down?"
"Bet you've been waiting this time for a shaved bear huh"
"Fuck...that takes BALLS!!!"
"Now that it's October  there are only 3 ladies I really wanna see..."
"Wait for it..."
"I found a new religion!"
"The more I watch it  the funnier it gets"
"Savage Bear attack. NSFL"
"Puppy dog face."
"Meanwhile in Switzerland"
"Ready For Take-Off"
"The superhero Reddit deserves (x-post from /r/aww)"
"Looked up 'Reddit is my God'  this was the first result"
"What I dread most every day"
"FTFY"
"Where all the Americans went to check whether the world has ended or not after they woke up..."
"Reddit is under heavy load right now [FIXED]"
"But Where Are the Hobbits?"
"SkatePorn 2."
"a prodigy"
"Every time I deal with customer service that has been outsourced"
"My exact reaction to seeing this"
"Mission Impossible Cat"
"When the aww just makes you stop and forget what you were doing that day.."
"Me  realizing I missed the run on Zelda  while sleeping."
"The astounding design of Eixample  Barcelona"
"Aerial view Barcelona"
"&quot;Hey i kinda like you&quot;"
"overly manly man times two"
"Overly Manly Men"
"Made my day"
"How to pick up chicks"
"suddenly Dane Cook now seems funny"
"ready for school?"
"Want to see a magic trick?"
"Your mom comes home  and you realize you didnt do the ONE thing you were supposed to"
"When I see a spider on the wall..."
"When my GF's fundie mother invites me to her crazy Baptist church"
"(Fixed)"
"The Ultimate Manwich"
"Incredible BBC Nature Favourite - I laughed at his little face! (2048 x 1365)"
"If I could have ANY puppy.."
"How I feel as Muslim when I hear about what is going on in the Middle East"
"Found this little gem  thought it was great."
"Truth or Dare?"
"Get the London look"
"Married couples (Yemen)"
"Some pictures tell a story."
"The perfect 90's couple..."
"Lost Love"
"They Will Never Find Us"
"1998: Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office"
"How to pick up women..."
"I think my friend nailed it! (Halloween)"
"DAMN IT JUAN - TAKE IT BACK I SAY! Oh wait..."
"The end is nigh"
"Hooray Flowers!"
"Meanwhile in India (xpost from r/india)"
"Frog and Toad"
"how long has this been around!"
"Falcooooon PUNCH! [x-post /gaming]"
"Too much power for the CPU"
"I was cleaning my Ferrari  and this happened"
"Fighting childhood obesity by running."
"Elf Power"
"Ride em' cowboy!"
"Americans will never know that feel"
"The captain is coming! Quick  do something important!"
"My reaction when my sister told me about the full story of Twilight Breaking Dawn"
"a sad reminder that discrimination still exists..."
"It's a shame that you can still find this kind of discrimination in America."
"The reality of significance (Calvin and Hobbes)"
"What the fuck?"
"What Reddit did to me."
"I'm Just...I'm Just Saying...That Dora Girl"
"How I imagine Clint Eastwood's thought process at the RNC."
"Pew Pew Pew [FIXED]"
"In behalf of Hostess going out of business  remember to enjoy the little things."
"Blew my mind (xpost from r/funny)"
"Goodnight  sweet princess..."
"When suddenly  You're DOG."
"IMPOSTER!"
"Human baby dancing. uhmwat."
"Greatest Wrestling GIF Ever..."
"judo midget"
"What Did You Say?"
"Great jump...almost."
"Everyone You Have Ever Loved."
"Kate Upton dancing. That is all. (SFW'ish)"
"This is how I picture people when they trash talk music genres."
"An important message from Reddit to the general public regarding God  politics  Nickelback  gay marriage  straight marriage  Bono  Facebook  food  and the existence of Digg"
"With every upvote"
"don't you hate it when this happens? (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Otherworld problems (was told to post this here)"
"You've got something on your face. I'll get it for you"
"Romney introduces Paul Ryan as VP pick"
"world record speed"
"Googled &quot;O face&quot;..."
"Searched &quot;monkey drinking wine painting&quot; after seeing the painting....found this"
"Dog fonts"
"Magic or Illusion?"
"Abortions in Russia"
"bitch get off me I'm eating!"
"Kung Fu Panda"
"Kung-fu panda"
"Pandas are dicks"
"FreeBoarder Spin"
"The Ravenator"
"How I feel when this gif gets reposted [FIXED]"
"Let's see if Quizchris is telling the truth"
"My reaction to all the misleading titles in here..."
"Stop girls afraid to leave the Stop!"
"MFW I've clicked on every link here and I see what every post is."
"When I'm in a bad mood and someone makes me laugh"
"Easily amused"
"Made my friend a Reddit account this is the first thing I saw when I googled &quot;funny&quot;"
"This just showed up on my FB news feed.."
"Worth it just for the very end... &quot;That bitch is crazy  man&quot;"
"Saying bye to a girl after the first date"
"Found this gem today"
"Do you think we can walk on the sun?"
"Heeeeeey there."
"Best friends"
"Checking your new submission from the night prior.."
"I'm from Quebec  and this is how I fell every time I see a post about it."
"When I'm about to read a reply with way more upvotes than the original comment"
"That moment when someone uses the format &quot;That moment when ...&quot; and never completes the sentence really irritates me."
"A redditors only hope of surviving the outdoors"
"Catastrophic Dance Moves"
"Pretty much..."
"Daily Motivational Batman"
"On the toilet after my first cup of joe"
"My face after standing up fast with low blood pressure."
"NOPE"
"Fuck This Shit [Home Run!]"
"Mouse Shotput"
"CRUISE CONTROL FOR COOL ALSO YOLO"
"Cutest couple ever!"
"Tumbleweed Red Dead Redemption IRL"
"Romney's family misspell their last name in &quot;the greatest Freudian slip in history&quot;"
"Oops..."
"Twistin up a blunt thinkin bout my next dolla"
"'R money? HELL NO!"
"Waking up to Reddit this morning..."
"Went to my friends house and hes been using Reddit for 2 years"
"Picard's take on the Lubbock County &quot;invasion&quot;"
"Seriously /r/gaming ... Who's had that childhood??"
"Picard on eagles."
"Yo cat so fat..."
"Favourite Family Guy quote"
"Steve the cat and his friends box."
"/r/atheism"
"How Americans REALLY feel about Sweden  Europe  Africa  Whogivesafuckastan"
"what i think of you..."
"When a girl says everything is &quot;fine&quot;"
"Spy.. Don't Hurt me..."
"Cake Day"
"Cake Fry!"
"I have no discernible talents for my cake day I just googled what to do. I am satisfied."
"How I feel when my girlfriend plays a video game"
"When a girl I like complains about her scumbag boyfriend."
"How I feel when I see an AMA I'd like to ask a question on  but its only been up for 10 minutes and already has over 200 comments."
"My friend just told me he would rather have a physical copy of Diablo 3"
"How I feel when I have something cool to add to a front page post..."
"My exact response when my best friend said Fox News is a liberal station.."
"Some like it sour."
"To fight diarrhea  the best thing is a lemon."
"Why Buy Dog Food?"
"The Jason Bourne of children"
"Grains of sand magnified 250x"
"HIFW I realize I ran out of toilet paper"
"That should fix it."
"Though I'd jump on the &quot;I Googled ___ and this came up&quot; bandwagon; searched 'cats' and this was second (maybe NSFL)"
"Rebirth"
"Gunman and Remote Ass Kid"
"The Redditor's nightmare!"
"Finally."
"I know this has been around for a long time  but can anyone explain what this is from/WTF is happening?"
"Baseball Dance"
"How I feel having had my period for a month straight..."
"dat ass (x-post from r/funny)"
"Go ahead... You deserve it."
"Nasa celebrates Curiosity landing on Mars"
"Have you ever been this happy about anything ever?"
"I guess she likes having an eye on the back of her head?"
"Eye like your hair!"
"I think I've found the best GIF on the internet!"
"Questionable things I saved on my computer that I forgot I had."
"This is my version of cute. Enjoy."
"You don't need fur to be cute."
"TL;DR"
"Rather puts things in perspective..."
"Which one seems unnatural now?"
"It's Unnatural!"
"I think that's enough internet for one day."
"Wait  what?"
"This was on my newsfeed... seems pretty reasonable to me!"
"Okay  now don't everybody go rushing to the record store all at once"
"This guy took the security moat one step further"
"I have been taught CPR completely wrong..."
"Whenever dudes hear a girls voice join their XBOX Live game."
"How I feel when a llama slowly turns its head and looks at me"
"League of Draven"
"Dog wants to be Pokemon"
"RAAAAAAAWR!"
"NO  NO  NO  NO! PLEASE  NO!"
"&quot;That&quot; time  ladies?"
"The cure for Internet addiction..."
"RIP Nyan Cat"
"how rainbows are made"
"genius idea"
"Every quote."
"When a girl starts to do better than me at a videogame(x-post funny)"
"when people ask me to throw them their ball"
"Bitches be trippin'"
"If it fits  it ships.."
"The best cat-toy"
"Every Redditors first post."
"How I feel downvoting things on the Front Page"
"Dear Steam or GOG.com why is this game not on either of your services? If you could please?"
"I think I can't  I think I can't!"
"Not Today"
"Liking your own status on facebook."
"So  you think baby hippos are cute  don't ya?"
"Kitty Swanson"
"When someone starts telling me the whole story behind their new tattoo:"
"[FIXED] How I upvote in /r/gonewild"
"Go ahead."
"dont mind if i take a taste... [sfw]"
"Oh he must be gay"
"I don't even..."
"Makes sense to me."
"How I feel trying to get karma on my cakeday"
"Hearing my sister say that Honey Boo Boo is amazing"
"Whenever I see a male hipster  I wish this would happen"
"my favourite gif on the internet [FIXED]"
"If you really want to help the children..."
"How some people act on their cake days"
"My sister when she met my newborn daughter yesterday."
"I have no idea what is happening"
"How I feel when I watch the news"
"How i felt when a girl in my english class announced she doesn't like shakespeare because his work is &quot;cliche and unoriginal&quot;."
"Gangnam man"
"Taking English 1 my 5th year in college"
"If bugs had a religion"
"Humping him out?"
"Never let them walk past you."
"Nyan-Eleven"
"First time playing Counter Strike."
"Teenage Mutant Ninja....Artists?"
"How I feel about other Redditor's birthdays"
"Paranoid cat is paranoid"
"I am so excite"
"Walking up those staircases with awkwardly long steps"
"Boss asked if I wouldn't mind staying late..."
"Basically the coolest typewriter ever."
"Superhero squirrel"
"Squirrel-vengers assemble!"
"Most epic squirrel ever."
"DON'T TOUCH ME"
"Bear Grylls you so silly"
"Dog found a dying calf  family saved it  2 years later."
"Supplies!"
"North Koreans now have a first lady!"
"Guess Who? Nic Cage edition."
"He's Everywhere!!!"
"Guess Who?"
"Pssst..."
"Dirty Talk"
"Whisper dirty things in my ear."
"Zoidberg  He's Sexy and He Knows It"
"Zoidberg Wiggles  Sexy and I Know It"
"the cat in the hat"
"Some kind of underpants wrestling perhaps? What is happening here?"
"CK and Maron in '89 (am I ridiculous for thinking this is cute?)"
"what spending my sunday morning on r/cats looked like"
"Punishment"
"How I feel browsing Reddit at 2 A.M."
"Tom tongue"
"F*ck the police"
"Several hours after shaving my pubic hair... [SFW]"
"Me  realizing that I scheduled to make a four hour drive on Friday the 13th."
"Realization after sucking on a cough drop with strep throat."
"When I accidentally click on and [M] gonewild post."
"How I feel after deciding to stay up all night"
"Dear Athetits..."
"Penguin Shuffle"
"Penguin be dancin'"
"Dinner anyone?"
"Happy Birthday Mr. Dragon"
"i knew that film was messed up!"
"Fucks I give?"
"Disregard Reality"
"When I skip porn from the start to the middle [SFW]"
"How it felt watching porn for the first time"
"Just read through the Arthurian legends and myths. This pretty much sums up every story in there..."
"MFW I saw the ending to the last episode of the Walking Dead."
"An appropriate cakeday gif considering my username"
"Please be safe this Spring Break!"
"Take that Hannah Montana"
"Wife is expecting.This is why i need it to be a boy.[gif]"
"Well played  Philosoraptor. Well played."
"How I am with memes"
"Paint me like one of you french girls"
"Cat Cage."
"Sheenface (2011) - IMDb"
"&quot;If I had two bullets...&quot;"
"When ever I get into argument on Reddit  this is who I picture on the other side."
"So I heard Reddit likes Austrailia."
"I know it's horrible  but I always laugh at this gif"
"When my girlfriend is purposely trying to start an argument"
"My reaction when my friend links an onion article and somebody comments with &quot;Is this real?&quot;"
"Seeing Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter  after having read the book"
"When rushees first walk in..."
"The real reason to let sleeping dogs lie."
"Oh god get it off me!"
"Awesome! Free cable."
"Because a gym membership costs less than cable"
"If Apple made bottled water"
"I found Jesus too!"
"Gets me everytime"
"Still one of my all time favorite pictures."
"We don't like your kind around here"
"monday mornings"
"Seems like a real predicament..."
"Today in West Hollywood...."
"Today in West Hollywood...."
"I bet they are up to something"
"Another childhood memory ruined by Cracked"
"Keyboard Cat Duet"
"The safest SUV in the world"
"Like I give a fuck."
"Your brain deceives you"
"As your server..."
"Thumbs up while crashing a bike (x-post from /r/perfecttiming)"
"The ultimate fashion climax. one. easy. piece."
"Its just Amazing"
"Ripples"
"Ripples [x-post from r/pics]"
"Poke-m-my-god-what-is-that"
"no thunderstones for you!"
"Gotta catch'em all!"
"The Cat Machine"
"How I feel as a Muslim only now visiting r/atheism for the first time in a good 2 months"
"Lack of steam sale + No cash anyway"
"So this popped up on my Facebook..."
"5 Years of Art School  1 Idea."
"What did I just read.."
"Evil cat or cute cat??????????"
"ICEBERG! ICEBERG!"
"My reaction when I got an F on my math final..."
"Friday coming home."
"When people tell each other they love each other on each others walls"
"I wouldn't tickle that."
"Don't fuck with these military girls"
"r/spacedicks"
"Waffles with swag."
"The world in Americas eyes"
"I'd LOVE an explanation on this"
"You must pay in puddin pops"
"The greatest picture ever taken? Yes  I believe so."
"SPLAT."
"down voting something into negative"
"Oh  the irony"
"Irony"
"So I stepped outside today and instantly wanted to..."
"Get off your high horse."
"I am so cool."
"Stereotypes are bad"
"No golden ticket needed."
"How I feel trying to be charming before Valentine's day."
"Oh  Batman..."
"uh oh"
"And the point  of no return."
"A throne truly fit for a king."
"Ladies and Gentlemen of r/Atheism  i give you: Religion!"
"FINISH THEM"
"Jacket of Smite"
"Sometimes I set this image as my desktop background and pretend they're supplying power to my computer."
"500 miles."
"If everyone is putting in their votes  here is mine for who should join the Playstation All-Star team."
"I said STOP!"
"Fair Play"
"This whole subreddit."
"Planking  Marine style."
"How i felt when i noticed it was friday."
"Well  they covered just about everything else."
"I think I'll stay home today"
"Chance of rape today"
"Personally I think it should be the other way around."
"my vote for best love story"
"Angelina Jolie [Fixed]"
"Bill Cosby! What are you doing to that child?"
"Just searched &quot;no gif&quot; on Google. Pretty happy."
"Why The Cosby Show was pulled off the air"
"How redditors feel when they have to resubmit their cat photos to a different subreddit. [GIF]"
"Soo patriotic."
"Patriotic sanitary pads?? WTF did I just see?!!"
"Fancy a taco?"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"We have to go..."
"I laughed for way too long at this"
"kitty attack"
"Come at me  kitten!"
"Coffee..."
"Such an idiot...he put his small case on the bottom!"
"this is how we do in Canada"
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"No to corporal punishment!"
"Ya  that should do the trick"
"How it feels to be the only person to Ace my Biochemistry final and ruin the bell curve."
"How I feel after a full year of organic chemistry"
"How I React When Someone Points a Rubberband At Me...."
"SCAT CAT"
"Had to be done  haven't seen it yet."
"Catgroove"
"just the Prime Minister of Sweden celebrating a Swedish goal in Olympiastadion Berlin"
"Girls of Reddit  you've been warned!!"
"While toking  when someone starts obviously acting high even though they aren't high at all"
"Awkward..."
"What I imagine my coworkers are doing when I set up a meeting"
"I'm laughing so hard. Who the hell actually does this?"
"Down vote me  I'm resilient"
"oh fuck. RUN! RUN! RUN! RUN!"
"Awesome sculpture to stumble on deep in a forest! [x-post /r/pics]"
"Where the white men went wrong"
"Where the white man went wrong"
"Joker without makeup"
"What a bitch"
"4chan on fighting"
"Watch where you're goin'"
"Deal with it"
"Socially Awkward Penguin is at it again."
"Emerging from water."
"Obi Wan  Play Nice!"
"Trust Me  I'm A Scientist."
"And he is smoking a Camel"
"Horse Cigarette"
"WTF  this shit has gone too far."
"How I feel when I get upvotes"
"How I feel getting upvotes on my day of cake...."
"El gato taco is not amused!"
"The only possible reason..."
"This one just started  man size tissues at the ready (SFW)"
"I have seen some tear jerking things in my life but nothing at all prepared me for this"
"The only Futurama episode I can't watch"
"Evil Oprah"
"Oprah Gone Wrong"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson is having a Birthday today. In his honor  let''s recall his college days. Happy Birthday  Neil."
"I heard you like pictures of scientists when they were younger (Neil deGrasse Tyson)"
"Boss."
"Parade Rage"
"Meanwhile in Mexico... [x-post from r/mexico]"
"Boom box Dominican Republic Style"
"Nightmare Fuel [NSFW] - Warning: Contents contain clown"
"Those things happen."
"Monarch Butterfly (X-post from r/funny  fixed for trees)"
"It's a Trap!"
"Mortal Sokker."
"&quot;....like getting strangled by a really weak guy  all day.&quot;"
"Dat Ass..."
"Micro-crack in Steel through an electron microscope"
"I want to believe"
"The opposite (r/XFiles)"
"Men  use your brain."
"Oh! shit shit shit"
"I didn't want to play Baseball anyway"
"My face when someone mentions that he's still using Digg"
"Whenever someone has explosive diarrhea in the stall next to me..."
"Jesse for Breaking Bad on The Price is Right"
"When I realised what 'I.F.T.' actually stood for in Season 3"
"Care to explain that?"
"Dawn of a new day."
"Carl on Duty"
"The Dark Knight Rises"
"The 2am Chilli Shower meme by Friday."
"Look at this bad use of a meme i found on facebook/my school"
"A message from US auto makers: You wont buy our shitty cars  so ... [pic]"
"How I feel waiting for Happy Hour"
"Envisioning emerging technology for 2012 and beyond"
"Mitt and Ryan sharing a tender moment"
"Peekaboo"
"Me after leaving my calculus finals today"
"When I send an embarrassing message to the wrong person"
"when I look at the calendar &amp; realize my paycheck needs to last 3 weekends instead of the usual 2...."
"Teach the Controversy"
"Porn. Before and after."
"My face when i get more than 50 Karma"
"that feeling when a single post doubled my karma"
"That's racist"
"When i was told that my boyfriend was being mean to his ex (that I hate)"
"Xbox Live in a nutshell"
"Happy Birthday you brilliant son of a bitch!"
"Gangnam Style  Reddit Edition (x-post from r/Kpop)"
"Oppa Pusheen Style"
"The little buggy that could."
"PUT ME DOWN MOTHER FUCKER! Ok... you asked for this."
"And the Lord said  &quot; Let there be pong.&quot;"
"If Jesus played beer pong."
"He who must not be Caged."
"A Strawberry matures."
"Finals week is very stressful"
"Another reason to not go spearfishing"
"Bagel head?"
"Work for perspective"
"Dead cat as a remote controlled helicopter.."
"Green Peace must stop this !"
"Russian deer."
"The spiders in my house aren't 1/2 as nice"
"interesting dance move..."
"That's not how you play Wii."
"His vs Her"
"Her Diary vs. His Diary"
"after a few too many shots at the club."
"You Can't Handle It"
"I.. I just can't"
"Looks like i need a refill."
"We all make choices. Some are good  and some like this:"
"Endeavor launch (pic)"
"This is the best GifSound Mashup I had ever made."
"Needed to be done."
"Fun with tricking your brain."
"Brain Teasing Black and White Illusion  hope you guys like it!"
"Everyone who posts something about the Mars landing."
"Snow covered lion at the Jozi Zoo"
"With Great Responsibility Comes Unemployment."
"Here's the thing about reposts..."
"Friends forever."
"I'm stocking up on glowsticks  just in case this ever happens to me."
"I want to break up"
".. What?"
"What I imagine when I hear about a Reddit meetup"
"Awww! They're holding hands!"
"I'd like to present..."
"Whenever i browse r/new."
"Whenever i browse /new."
"Happy Elephant is happy."
"I really am conflicted over my attraction to young Joseph Stalin."
"Trolling Taylor"
"Dandelion on fire"
"Dandelion on fire"
"A re-post of my favorite gif on the internet  for my cake day!"
"Romney level: Snookie"
"Where is this button when I open my mouth and get into a political argument on Reddit?"
"The Iron Knight"
"I hate turtles!"
"Mouse still trying to swim away after being ripped in half by a turtle"
"Yeah  didn't want to finish my lunch anyway..."
"Mouse VS Turtle [NSFW]"
"Something about her Seems off . . ."
"Jesus drove a Honda (might be a repost  first reddit post)"
"Haters gonna hate..."
"Forever Alone Fishing [x-post r/wtf]"
"well this went wrong.."
"Hater's gonna Hate [Fixed]"
"The Brown Noise"
"The real jump of Felix Baumgartner"
"A gigantic crab caught in Australia"
"When a frozen food suggests conventional oven cooking over microwaving"
"when I saw the wait times for the new Mann vs. Machine TF2 Update"
"Just some life hacks [FIXED]"
"When I see someone else's cakeday post on MY cakeday"
"I'm new to reddit and this is what i've learned about down voting"
"When it's your birthday and you get greetings from facebook."
"Speed pooping [NSFW]"
"WTF?"
"An indian fights a road sign"
"Kill me."
"I googled  &quot;why do people go on reddit&quot;"
"I see all your driveways and raise you....the hash driveway"
"Hmm  why are the top bars bent down on this camel pen."
"Om Nom Nom Nom..."
"Om Nom Nom Nom... (Cross Post from r/funny)"
