"Every time I downvote something"
"Downvote &quot;Dies Irae&quot;"
"When I see a rage comic out of its sub Reddit."
"Seeing something you posted yesterday on the front page  posted by someone else"
"Destructive downvote"
"The Joker Gangbangs His Way Into the Hearts of Gotham! [FIXED] (read the fine print)"
"Joker's Boners... [FIXED]"
"Wait  what? WTF Joker? That's not ok  man..."
"Google search for &quot;American Sushi&quot;"
"Obamaki"
"Troll Cat: Piracy"
"Troll cat."
"Troll Life"
"Oh  fat people....[GIF]"
"NOT A CHANCE!"
"So close..."
"Precious: Based on the Novel &quot;Push&quot; by Sapphire"
"Haha fatty made a funny"
"Hiliarious.. Absolutely Hilarious"
"My favourite gif I dont think I've seen here"
"not clear"
"Leighton Meester at her best"
"It's My Cakeday! Here's an adorable picture of an otter."
"Traveling alone."
"Forever a tourist alone"
"Forever arone"
"When I take &quot;selfies&quot;"
"Women can be forever alone too"
"Just taking a selfie..."
"Anyone else enjoy this game as much as I did?"
"Can we please get this game on PC?"
"I DON'T think that's what he meant..."
"Poor Parker"
"James. Jonah Jameson what a Troll."
"favourite brand of rice"
"Hey Parker..."
"Saw this gem on FB"
"Hey don't feel bad  it's my favorite too."
"Red Bull  don't fail me now!!"
"An Indian Sikh Nihang (warrior) performs a fire breathing act [990x660] (Not OC)"
"Indian performs a fire breathing act (from r/fireporn)"
"Seems Legit"
"Nailed it."
"Water Hair (X-Post from /r/funny)"
"Close enough"
"Cheesus has been found!"
"CHECKMATE ATHEISTS"
"Cheesus"
"It's a revelation! &quot;Cheesus&quot;"
"This was on my Facebook feed with 1k likes... And I ask why?? Fucken why!??"
"Origin of Humans"
"I'm a Christian  but I thought you guys would like this"
"Origin of Humans"
"Such a touching story"
"Remember these?"
"What ever happened to these?"
"These delicious bastards (Back in the day)"
"The whale's gone  I swear  just get in the water... OH SHIT!!"
"The ultimate dive."
"Oh shit..."
"Wow is the only word to describe this"
"Who wouldn't wanna go here?"
"I'm just going to leave this right here"
"She seems to live all over the country."
"Nightmares."
"Teach me in the ways of a Cosby"
"Turn off your mind  relax  and float downstream."
"He is one with the pudding."
"Why were u crying"
"Scumbag Edward"
"Math almost got me again."
"Wolverine Fan going the extra mile"
"They said I could be anything... so I became fishnet wolverine."
"I feel all squeamish now."
"His mother was part penguin"
"Dat ass"
"Just.... how?"
"The people of Walmart are pretty bad... Not as bad as the people of Walmart-location McDonalds."
"Muffin Top"
"This should be considered assault."
"Dat ass"
"Love girls with tramp stamps (nsfw)"
"Just say NO!"
"Who ordered the muffin top?"
"Easily the most astute review ever written about The Jersey Shore"
"Easily the most astute review ever written about The Jersey Shore"
"Schrodinger's Cat"
"Old school humor"
"Exodus vs Agony Empire. Wow."
"Chocolate Rain?"
"Turned on yet?"
"Bad Kitty."
"Come at me bro"
"And... ASSUME DEFENSIVE POSITION."
"No. Just No."
"They seemed to enjoy it"
"Dog Slaps Human"
"I’m laughing way too hard at this"
"What did the paw say to the face?"
"I don't care if its been posted 100 times. I can watch it over  and over  and over again."
"Im Gunna Slap Your Shit."
"When someone tries to tell me spoilers of The Dark Knight Rises"
"dog slapping man = uncontrollable laughter"
"who you calling a bitch?"
"Who you calling a bitch?"
"I have no idea what i'm doing"
"How I Felt Posting A Week Early For My Cakeday"
"Not sure if I like or..."
"And the award for best reaction goes to..."
"Scare prank gone too far"
"Still hilarious."
"I laughed at this for a good few minutes"
"Haha so cute!"
"i dont even..."
"A Cute Baby Sloth"
"Welcome to the Center!"
"Lag Comp [fixed]"
"dog"
"dog."
"my friend showed me this unbelievably sad dog &amp; owner story today and i felt like sharing with you  reddit. (first reddit post... hope i'm doing this correctly.)"
"Our Education System"
"Education summed up..."
"Cool trick"
"Laughed way too much at this"
"When someone makes a ton of karma by reposting a classic gif with a clever title"
"Can you believe it? Moving Pictures!"
"Miracles..."
"can you believe it?moving pictures!!"
"Who knew Bill Gates was such a player"
"How I feel when I see my friend arguing with their parents."
"What I do whenever people start talking about religion in public"
"Me every time my boss asks someone to volunteer to stay after their shift is done."
"How I feel when opening up an incognito window to look at sexy things."
"My reaction today when I caught my grandpa watching a Brazzers clip."
"Walked into a room right as a hippie girl said &quot;I think science proves the existence of God.&quot;"
"When your crush asks you who you like..."
"How it feels working for a large I-Bank and being on Reddit these days..."
"How I feel as a Penn State student right now."
"When my neighbor with anger problems starts yelling at his four year old daughter."
"Pretty impressive way to kiil yourself NSFL"
"Going out in style"
"Found the perfect angle to get the...Shit.."
"They grow up so fast"
"Bound to happen eventually..."
"So it has finally come to this."
"I always knew it would end this way..."
"Sounds about right."
"Sounds about right. (FIXED)"
"Noooooo!!"
"Well  fuck!"
"The moon and Venus over Switzerland."
"Beautiful picture. Just not sure what I'm looking at.."
"Moon and Venus Over Switzerland"
"How r/atheism works"
"How r/atheism works"
"R/atheism debunked"
"So sad  yet so beautiful - Imaginary friends mind fuck"
"Heard a guy at Walmart tonight mention Reddit  I said &quot;woot  fellow redditor!&quot; Then...this."
"Always cut your toenails horizontally."
"The most ingrown toenail I have ever seen."
"My reaction whenever I walk into the YMCA locker room  turn the corner  and find a bunch of elderly naked men."
"I see your spiral beard and raise you a striped monkey tail mustache."
"When I see &quot;thumbs up if reddit sent u&quot; on YouTube in the comments"
"Whenever I hear teenagers talk about how politics will never affect them."
"After greatly anticipating my first cake day and receiving very little karma"
"When I saw Rihanna wish Chris Brown a Happy Birthday."
"poop poop poop"
"What I thought when Yahoo offered me advice on Fantasy Football"
"Hey Listen!"
"You just got knocked the fuck out  man!"
"wutt?"
"Hello. I am from the internet."
"Tuck me in maybe?"
"Evolved Intelligence"
"To all you hunters"
"Don't mind me.."
"Where delicious kebab comes from"
"Was using Google to learn the difference between a kabob and a kebab when suddenly..."
"Have faith in God..."
"I found some summer work."
"my new job.."
"sodapressing"
"Let's play a game..."
"lets play a game"
"Can't stop watching..."
"Sit back  relax  and let life be good."
"A super-cute gif of a Corgi devouring a snowball."
"Corgi catching a snowball"
"What standing up for your opinions is really like on Reddit"
"What usually happens when I give my opinion to Reddit [Fixed]"
"Everytime I try to post [FIXED]"
"How I feel when I try to downvote reposts."
"Sharing your opinion on Reddit [OC]"
"Out of no where..."
"Didn't see that one coming."
"Don't know who's taking the pictures for NASA  but they're doing a damn fine job."
"Really Smart Phone."
"I leave the room for five minutes and this is what my friends do."
"Auto-correct knows what to call em."
"Well my phone auto-corrects it so that must mean there's something wrong with it"
"Brilliant and thoughtful parents handed these out to everyone on my flight."
"Redditor fills a sandwich bag with sweets and a note which he typed up and states they are from thoughtful parents and were given out to everyone on the flight by the &quot;thoughtful parents&quot;. PS: He didn't finish any of the sweets. WHO DOESN'T EAT FREE SWEETS?!"
"parents on flight handed these out"
"Kitten!"
"So... this was cute... kitty running"
"Wwaddle."
"Doughnut escalator"
"Used?"
"A female's worst nightmare turned into a prank"
"you're god damn right"
"Slow Motion Bee Crash"
"Bee careful  it's dangerous out there!"
"Bumble Bee Crash"
"Found this in children's section of library in Sweden"
"We've all gone to certain lengths to fit in…"
"Madness"
"Electrostunswing!"
"Atheism has led to the greatest forms of cruelty and violations of justice!"
"I want to hop on the Scumbag Fat-girl karma train!"
"what really happened to the dinosaurs."
"Instantly thought of reddit"
"Imagine strolling down the beach baring this...."
"On the ever-popular topic of bad tattoos..."
"Bitchin' bike dude!"
"You look suspicious!"
"Don't you gimme that look!"
"Racism affects everyone."
"You will become astronauts..."
"Endeavour  stop it.... You're creeping me out. [x-post from r/soon]"
"Not a Fuck is Given"
"And Not a Single Fuck Was Given That Day (LATimes - Endeavour)"
"I want one"
"Please tell me this is real!"
"Please could somebody explain this."
"Skiing  thats all"
"Just an ostrich in its natural habitat..."
"Haters gonna hate."
"that ostrich is actually a damn good skier"
"Not a fuck in sight"
"Face it. You will never be this good."
"Natural ability"
"It goes with everything! But  of course you already know this."
"Ski Sunday"
"Dont stop me now!!"
"OH GOD WHAT"
"I bet you can't explain this."
"Meanwhile In Canada"
"Too bad I wasn't there"
"Tree Stars"
"Gets me every time."
"The Wet William Tell"
"How to give a perfect 'Wet Willy'"
"Today's my Reddit birthday  this is how i feel about my submissions over the past year."
"Pond in a Glacial Cave - Jostedalsbreen  Norway"
"This belongs on r/spaceclop  but I'll never go back there."
"Every time I watch a Fast &amp; Furious movie."
"Every time I watch Cops"
"skipping ahead 2 minutes in a porn video"
"Finally started watching Battlestar Galactica. How I felt about the first episode. (x-post from television.)"
"How I feel about all these DOOMBA posts"
"Playtime."
"How would you feel?"
"How is this not a mainstream campaign?"
"An Hour Before Your Final Exam"
"Still gets me. Ever. Damn. Time."
"found this on fb I believe it belongs here"
"That poor cat.."
"How I think my cat feels when I pet it constantly"
"Role Reversal"
"I found this in Egypt.....Appropriately it smells like Jack Daniels."
"Rossi [GIF]"
"There are no dives in soccer. (Only the chosen Redditors will see this  too big for Imgur  the rest of you: Bad luck!"
"Probably the manliest photo ever taken"
"I don't always pose for photos  but when I do  It smells like fighter jets and punching."
"I don't always meet other memes but when I do...Diamonds."
"The man you want to be and the most interesting man in the world  in the same picture!"
"A Genius Idea for Summer Barbecues"
"As an Electrical Engineer  I can't think of anything that could go wrong."
"Only idiots would do this..."
"What could possibly go wrong.."
"Smoking Kills"
"Hey Ciggs!"
"Cigarettes Kill"
"How I look at a [7+] when something unexpected happens"
"Indiana Jones is a bit upset"
"Gets me every time."
"When I'm the passenger in my friend's car  and he drives like a maniac."
"Went over to my friend's house last night  I sat on his new futon and I said &quot;Nice couch bro&quot;  he replied &quot;It's not a couch bro  it's a vintage futon  and I would appreciate it if you didn't put your feet up&quot;............"
"Snake charmer"
"appreciating a good performance."
"Beard swap... wtf"
"Beard swap... wtf x/post from r/wtf"
"Seeing Captain EO for the first time in about 15 years."
"That doesn't make any sense!"
"When you don't say &quot;nice&quot; in &quot;girls in the kitchen&quot; thread"
"break up level: teddy"
"A guy walks into a bar..."
"&quot;I'm happy I cut off my legs&quot; (X-post from r/funny)"
"Good without god"
"Are you good without God?"
"Yeah I got this"
"Meant to do that..."
"Nice save."
"Gravity win."
"I see your horse in jeans and raise you a fully clothed donkey"
"is this make me look fat?"
"Why grow your cats when you can buy them pre-packaged?"
"I guess I'm good at something now"
"I promise I'll be good."
"FedEx always F*cks up my order"
"If I fits  I sits."
"Delivery for C. Dramswapper"
"Ambiguous god"
"Faith in humanity (mostly) restored"
"Wtf."
"Officers  this was on his phone screen when we found him."
"This actually made me really sad."
"Faith in humanity gone"
"I find these numbers false"
"Heterozygoats"
"I can't tell if I'm amused or terrified."
"KING"
"Sweet Dark Chocolate"
"Evolution"
"Somebody call Child Protective Services"
"Bad parenting"
"What Reddit really is."
"saw this on facebook"
"The Internet"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Just another derp dog"
"I think God was drunk....."
"That worked out well."
"I work for a certain coffee company and the customers have a sense of entitlement beyond belief. This is how I feel daily."
"I can't stand people trying to scare me with &quot;hell.&quot;"
"No  please continue!"
"Half /r/funny"
"How I feel as someone who has $25k in student loans"
"Nothing  except what the translators say."
"Sunken Japanese WWII Plane in the South Pacific"
"SOON"
"Soon..."
"Well fuck"
"Police bait"
"Welcome to Canada"
"Seems appropriate"
"Pink and Green Power Ranger dancing"
"How I feel after dropping Starks for DeMarco Murray this morning"
"Seeing my front page after unsubscribing to r/atheism"
"Oh Google..."
"On the topic of iOS maps..."
"A photo-op if I ever saw one."
"I've seen this picture a bunch of times and still can't figure out what is happening. Any ideas?"
"Found this on facebook"
"When you date a pretty girl long enough to see her ugly side"
"That didn't turn out as expected"
"Ooh  so sex--WHAAAT DA FUUUCK"
"I should've known better."
"The Land Before Time"
"Solvay Conference (color)"
"Gooseman is a true hero."
"ordering pizza: doing it right"
"Oh internet"
"Canadian C.S.I."
"Canadian CSI"
"As a Canadian  I find this funny"
"Canadian CSI (x-post r/pics)"
"It's good to be king  um...queen"
"An Ant's Strength"
"This happens every time I fail at nofap. NO MORE!!"
"Whenever I see an NSFW link"
"Oh Einstein  you so silly"
"The father of the theory of relativity wearing fuzzy slippers"
"Einstein Liked Creature Comforts Too"
"leviticus also said..."
"Just watched my first episode of Adventure Time....."
"This girl is a keeper"
"Classic cartoons had some pretty dark jokes"
"Right in the childhood"
"Nice ra- wait what?"
"What a couple of boobs..."
"Whenever I try to start a conversation with an attractive female"
"Whenever I try to start a conversation with an attractive female"
"Chipotle Deconstruction [gif]"
"Chipotle Deconstruction"
"Made a cleaner &quot;huge mistake&quot; gif  enjoy"
"When you send a heartfelt text to your crush"
"Only reason I watch Ellen"
"How Gabe Newell became even wiser... He decided to grow a beard."
"BREAKING NEWS: Gabe Newell has a BEARD!"
"20/10 would bang."
"20/10 would bang (x-post from r/pics)"
"This actually happened."
"This actually happened."
"Nice suit  Vader"
"The Time Lord workin' it"
"After winning an argument with a friend."
"Saw this on my newsfeed..."
"I've got one of those too."
"Blaze it faggot."
"WTF did i just read?(possibly NSFW)"
"That explain why I always have a cold"
"How people get colds"
"The science behind the common head cold."
"So my friend decided to get some drugs to help him study better"
"Boo  you whore"
"Tallahassee has something to say about all this Twinkie news..."
"I spent all day looking for a box of Twinkies..."
"Fuck the police"
"bad parenting"
"How I feel submitting something funny to Reddit"
"Christmas from a different point of view"
"Happy Holidays!"
"Time Travel Rally"
"What do we want!?"
"Time Travel"
"Oh Gamebryo"
"Tis just a scratch"
"Cheerful bedtime story"
"I'm still alive!"
"Yeah! I'm still alive!"
"How i felt seeing my friend get friendzoned all night"
"MFW: Top comment disproves the legitimacy of a post"
"im not sure if this is a repost hope not but i thought it was funny"
"So I saw this on my Facebook feed today...."
"Google Image Search: &quot;Snake in a Can&quot;"
"Dat ass"
"Theological Hall of the Strahov Monastery Library in Prague [1540x1027]"
"only in Ireland."
"only in Ireland"
"Only in Ireland"
"Yeah Moses! Not funny!"
"Moses you stupid cunt."
"This lonely bottle of wine has been sitting at my local liquor store for months without being bought. I wonder why..."
"Smallest Functional Bike Out There [GIF]"
"This does not make me feel safe"
"Thanks  Dad"
"Best Spongebob Meme"
"WWF Noms"
"You cant say he didnt try"
"I think it's official. The Phillies have the awesomest mascot."
"So close"
"Worth A Try"
"Oh you Phanatic!"
"He learned the hard way what it was like"
"Thanks for sharing"
"Whenever I go on facebook or twitter....."
"finding this beautiful  beautiful subreddit"
"Whilst listening to Mumford and Son's new album"
"Need a doctor? Why not..."
"I must go  my people need me!"
"Like I give a fuck."
"Thug Life"
"He didn't choose the thug life."
"This is how I feel talking to my co-workers over the cubical wall"
"I have a hunch that this just might be photoshopped."
"an old gif  but im still amazed everytime i see it"
"(x-post from r/politics) My choice of election 2012."
"Mitt Romney's new election strategy"
"Dawwwwwlphin"
"The Growth of Walmart"
"How expensive cats are made"
"Spongebob Logic - Classic!"
"How Spongebob draws a circle"
"Step by step instructions on how to draw the perfect circle"
"Fog rolling in- Marin Headlands  California"
"Still makes me giggle. Happy Sunday  Reddit!"
"Dubai in the Clouds"
"Fog rolling through Dubai"
"Pull dammit!"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Guys  I think my 'zoom' button in Google maps is broken..."
"Zoom in google maps"
"it's hurting my mind"
"... wat"
"Trolling Level: Expert"
"Fuck it."
"Not happy"
"tolerance"
"Rodent infestation"
"Humiliation"
"Picture of Cat"
"Cute baby animals..."
"In my local paper  they finally caught the son of a bitch."
"Prepare r/breakingbad... We may be getting an influx of photos with someone meeting this guy at a movie theater"
"Webber reports from VIP dinner"
"...thank you  so's your American. (x/post r/formula1)"
"F1 VIP Dinner at the Circuit of The Americas"
"Spidey knows what's up."
"Off the charts!"
"Trippy Stairway"
"What is this I don't even"
"I love my job"
"I'll keep that in mind..."
"One of the worlds tallest NBA players and the worlds shortest NBA player."
"The tall and short of NBA: Manute Bol and Mugsy Bogues"
"You had one job!"
"Starbucks van design fail"
"starbucks didn't think this one through..."
"Starbucks Sucks  even they admit it."
"Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words. I believe this is the proper reaction to hearing that you have it."
"Whenever I see pictures of spiders on reddit."
"The feeling when you sit on a cold toilet seat"
"Pick a dot and follow it around."
"Tiny Hippo"
"Ain't no one..."
"Ain't no one."
"The story of a tiny hippo"
"Ain't no one"
"Still my favorite comic of all time."
"Ain't nobody.."
"face the truth"
"When my girlfriend walks in on me fapping it"
"Bacon addiction is no laughing matter"
"GIVE IT TO ME"
"^_^"
"How I feel when I've already gone through the front page  and I see a Blue Link."
"When im going to bed with 100 karma  and waking up with 500!"
"The future"
"Childhood"
"Pool Party!"
"just one last thing"
"And so  it begins..."
"This one took awhile.."
"Where do astronauts go for a drink?"
"Tard the Grumpy Cat Makeup"
"Messed with the wrong bull"
"Come at me...!"
"Don't judge me akinator"
"Men vs. Women"
"Man vs. Woman"
"Anti-Soviet warrior puts his army on the road to peace"
"My favorite"
"The Harry Potter Fan Paradox"
"Pokemon!"
"I want to be the very best"
"Pokemon!"
"The Intro (X-Post r/gaming)"
"The look of ecstasy..."
"Found this on my Newsfeed"
"Oh  come on!"
"Before Instagram"
"How I know Monday morning's coffee is working."
"How I feel every time I have to shave my balls..."
"Justin Bieber broke up with Selena Gomez for a Victoria's Secret model"
"hurricane sandy gettin' serious."
"She's the one that I want."
"Om nom nom nom"
"The Queen laughing as she passes her husband  the Duke of Edinburgh  in uniform."
"Oh Philip"
"If Historical Events Posted Facebook Statuses"
"What the actual fuck have I found?"
"Goat girl"
"Haha  Get it?"
"Fuck You I'm a Moose"
"8xCombo"
"look at the bar of soap I invented for washing my face on the go"
"When I try to put on makeup without a mirror.."
"As someone who burns easy I can relate"
"It must've been really hot"
"We're going streaking!"
"He was taken down by six cops  but not before taking his belt  boots  and jeans off..."
"Streaker at our football game this weekend."
"It's simple  now we get rid of the Batdog."
"My friend accidentally used a semi permanent dye on his cat."
"The Orange M&amp;M is the Benedict Arnold of the candy world."
"Damn you to hell"
"I now know the truth"
"No Billboards in Space"
"There are suddenly so many atheist around here..."
"Am I the only person who thinks this is total bullshit?"
"Meanwhile  at the White House"
"May the Force be with him?"
"Yo Mary  pass the motherfucking gravy!"
"Snoop's Last Supper."
"This will always be my all-time favorite gif."
"This makes me laugh more every time I watch it"
"Eating dinner with the family at a [5]"
"Missing story in the bible. Just as believable."
"Snoop and his twelve apostles"
"Snoop Doggy God"
"Prophet Like Its hot"
"Me: Hey whales wachya doin Whales: Nothin' much just hangin'"
"Sperm whales taking a floating snooze."
"15 is this many ... (pic)"
"Ah  Australia. What the bloody fuck?"
"The University of Glasgow is the fourth oldest English speaking university in the world  the main neogothic building is frequently referred to as 'Hogwarts' by most students."
"To the guy who thinks he graduated at Hogwarts  he should check out Glasgow!"
"The University of Glasgow"
"Puppies in overalls"
"LIKE A BOSS [GIF]"
"Press 'X' to perform a hijack"
"Iron Man'S iRON bOx"
"What Iron Man Does In His Off Time"
"White people."
"White people."
"tehe!"
"The most adorable thing I've seen in a while"
"Pure Delight"
"Bitch Spray"
"Boyfriend dumped me  got my hair done"
"Gross  hairless cats........punchline"
"&quot;Grand Theft Auto legends&quot; fan art"
"When i'm loosing an argument"
"Abandon Thread"
"The only reason I watched the Red Bull skydiving event"
"I find this fucking hilarious."
"Radical Islam"
"When I'm drinking from a cup and the ice suddenly shifts"
"I could watch this all day"
"How it feels drinking poorly-stirred Ovaltine"
"Ball so hard  motherfuckers wanna find me"
"Ball so hard motherf*ckers wanna find me"
"Found in a History book. Good way to encourage car sharing for people who are Hitlerphobic"
"Was hoping for more SFW"
"I had to resist the urge to put the punchline as the title"
"How I feel as a swimmer."
"How I feel after I finish a 50 without breathing."
"Math makes me sad."
"No  man! I swear it..."
"Got back from class  found this in my bedroom"
"Mom disapproves"
"In all the vastness of the universe..."
"The most frightening thing about the universe [comic]"
"Whenever someone links to a smaller website."
"Every time I get a paycheck from my minimum wage job."
"After discovering /r/Atheism"
"This sums up the last hour of The Open Championship."
"How I imagine my parents feel now that I'm moved into college."
"WEEKEND!!!!"
"How I feel when I get my paycheck"
"Stand back mate  this is dangerous"
"I miss this guy"
"I miss this guy"
"I still miss him...."
"I feel like a lot of men can relate"
"weird fetish"
"Now that I think about it... This is true!"
"What a brilliant idea"
"Dancing Polar Bear at Bernard Spit in Alaska"
"Mambo 1.. 2.. 3.. 4  5"
"World's larges land carnivore. So cute."
"Whenever somebody stares at my computer screen"
"The slippers of a typical Redditor."
"How I envision myself if I had cats"
"It's true..."
"For each up vote I get I'll sit here like this while you think I'm donating to charity..."
"How the people on Reddit looks like now."
"Wow"
"Spongebob has really let himself go."
"spongi is that you...omg"
"Enough is enough."
"Ghetto Kitteh"
"12 Baby Pandas in a crib"
"Just some baby Pandas"
"Nothing to see here...just some baby pandas"
"FOR THE GLORY OF SATAN"
"My response to ''why do you smoke pot?''."
"Why?!"
"Why?"
"Of Course!"
"Why?"
"What's your current wallpaper?"
"dubstepasaurus"
"Ahhhh choooooooooo"
"Ahhhh chooooooo (NSFL) [x-post from r/GIFS]"
"Bless you kitty... oh... oh god no..."
"So I'll add scarecrows to my NOPE list..."
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"What's going on here... Anyone?"
"They see me Rollin.....they hatin."
"What"
"Classic Gaffigan"
"The doors are so useful"
"Meanwhile in North Korea?"
"Meanwhile in North Korea"
"No more chocolate milk."
"How I feel when I accidentally don't save my work on Microsoft"
"I only have enough money for one of the following: Borderlands 2  RE6  Assassin's Creed 3  or Halo 4."
"In today's paper - &quot;Set your sights on love&quot;"
"Found this Gem in the local paper. Fucking small town Ohio."
"Watch it..."
"Ha! Oh shit!"
"I can never do it right."
"Nice trick"
"I’d love to see the Kuiper belt….. (Borderline NSFW)"
"Jokes about Uranus commencing..."
"First result from the Curiosity's ChemCam after blinking a rock to death"
"Is it?"
"Putting. NSFW. No  not even a little bit. [gif]"
"When deleting browsing history just isn't good enough"
"Loris"
"How I feel when I submit a post with a grammatical error and no one corrects me."
"Bondage Hank Hill"
"Sex like this is just tacky [nsfw]"
"Ooh. Ow. Eee. Ow. Ooh. Ahhhhhh."
"She likes this"
"Well This Feels Oddly Familiar"
"What the atheism vs religious debate feels like to me."
"That escalated quicky..."
"New Mama"
"We all run for it"
"Reddit summed up in one gif"
"DO it yourself"
"Hanging on."
"Floating Tree"
"Suicidal Tree"
"i dont even"
"Hit 3 months without a cigarette after 5 years of smoking. Every time I get a craving now  this is my attitude."
"zebra power"
"Not today-"
"Too soon?"
"Microwave proof baby"
"For my cake day"
"SquidWorld"
"I thought this might be appreciated here"
"Damn gnats..."
"What Cancer does to bones"
"Gets me every time"
"MAGIC"
"Whenever I see someone unplug their flash-drive without &quot;Safely Ejecting&quot; it first."
"Please  have a seat...."
"When I get home from a friend's house."
"I think we've all experienced this at some stage.."
"There's no hope for the human race"
"Chess"
"Environmental checkmate. Conceptual art using chess board. (x-post from r/chess)"
"Fully submerged hotel concept"
"Sunken Hotel Concept"
"Concept of an underwater hotel."
"&quot;Hey man..&quot;"
"Identity crisis? NSFW"
"When I check 9gag."
"From Breaking bad on September 2nd"
"[Spoiler] No we can't say &quot;fuck&quot; on TV! Just think of the children!"
"Being semi-new here  this is what I feel like trying to post stuff on Reddit."
"What it's going to feel like waiting for the last eight episodes."
"Prison scene meets Brutal Death Metal"
"Whenever I see a repost..."
"What went through my mind through this scene"
"Every time someone posts &quot;DAE notice that Walt is meaner now than he was in Season One?&quot;"
"Whenever someone on Reddit says something Pro-America"
"Getting downvoted to oblivion"
"When one of my posts gets downvoted to oblivion"
"I would so do this if I were a guy. [.gif]"
"Which one of you did this???"
"the narwhal bacons at midnight!"
"My Narwhal is so dyslexic  this happened at 6:12"
"Bacon Narwal"
"When does it bacon? Right now."
"All I have to say is... Narwhale.Bacon. Front page here I come!"
"this was really funny"
"restroom graffiti"
"Amusing Ourselves to Death"
"Release The Karma!"
"Release The Karma!"
"Release The Karma!"
"A bunch of free bunnies"
"She bites...."
"Something is seriously wrong with this girl."
"Soon."
"Making friends with the mountain rats ended up being the worst plan ever."
"The mustache that keeps on giving"
"Ron Swanson's cycle of mustache"
"If I had one wish..."
"What a tasteless asshole!"
"So a Genie Gives you and a Friend One Wish Each..."
"For helping me with my Geometry homework  I'll grant the both of you ONE WISH."
"My favorite 4-panel comic ever!"
"Reddit loves bacon  right? Does it love my first attempt at making bacon at home? [FIXED]"
"March 4th  1966  &quot; We're more popular than Jesus.&quot;"
"My five year old niece thinks this guy is Harry Potter"
"Needed a day off"
"Because she has such a hard life..."
"still gets me every time."
"How summer will be for me"
"This is the funniest thing I've seen on my Facebook News Feed."
"The internet is for porn  and sometimes porn is amusing."
"Where did you come from where did you go  where did you come from Cotton-Eyed Joe? NSFW"
"Just don't mind him..."
"The best .gif I've seen in a long  long time. (NSFW)"
"Dancing pirate in the background of a porno [NSFW]"
"This is my kind of Hot Tub"
"He's not mine!"
"Fathers day in Detroit."
"I can't believe I forgot to post this today! Few hours left!"
"But you didn't see this coming."
"Why don't I have a hover board yet?"
"Today's the day Marty mcfly arrived in the future."
"Today is the day."
"Back then..I seriously thought today would be like what it was in that movie."
"Facebook gem  a bunch of my friends keep falling for this  so one tried to show them what's up."
"How I feel when teenage parents spam pictures of their kids on Facebook"
"So my friend just became a dad..."
"What I feel my facebook feed will look like when my friends start having babies."
"&quot;DAE think Apple Sucks &quot; posts on reddit."
"Whenever someone mentions my native country of Belgium on reddit."
"Two of my favs together at last."
"It's my Reddit birthday. Here's a pic of Freddy Mercury holding two giant cats."
"Freddie Mercury killin it in some PJs with some cats"
"Here's Freddie Mercury in a hawaiian shirt holding two cats."
"Just some guy and his cats."
"freddy mercury...with cats!"
"Doomba 27.4"
"Important message to the /r/ Moderators who remove links which are on spot #1 of their respective subreddits"
"Otter pup. That is all."
"5 second rule - [FIXED]"
"Grow The FUCK Up!"
"Magic"
"Bragging"
"Bragging"
"This man is breaking all the rules."
"There is no explanation"
"Grandad's pineapples."
"MFW They announced Pokemon Black and White 2"
"MFW I read the stories on /r/tifu"
"Pokemon seduction"
"My friends bunny getting a bath"
"Bunny bath"
"Water will make rabbits appear half their original size"
"Bunny ish all wet"
"Are we dancing?"
"Found this lil' bunny underneath my house. He was so cute that the gf and I decided to take him in and clean him up. Reddit  here is bath time for Hoppers!"
"Today you  tomorrow me"
"Everybody who makes the front page involuntarily does this dance."
"When the first vote is an upvote"
"Now this is a concept car!"
"This is how my future children will be learning their ABCs."
"A darker gif"
"Pie chart"
"Pie Chart"
"Best pie chart ever!"
"That about sums it up!"
"Be Like Mario"
"True Love"
"Why is it  whenever I see this picture  I think of this"
"Reddit  what are you favorite GIFs? I'll start."
"I ventured a bit too deep into the &quot;What is the weirdest sub reddit you've found&quot; thread"
"When I realize that I made a grammatical error in the title of my Reddit post"
"Me having just seen /r/spacedicks for the first time..."
"Whenever I find any money on the ground that is more than a penny"
"How I reacted to walking in on my dad's father's day present. Holy Hawking's wheelchair..."
"Submitting a mediocre post  then coming back in two hours to see it on the front page ..."
"My reaction to my first 12 karma"
"MFW I wipe and get a smudge of poop on my finger"
"Accidentally walked in on my sister undressing"
"Finding unwrapped Christmas gifts - Imgur"
"Watching my sister use Bing while using Internet Explorer"
"When you walk in on your parents"
"Freckles"
"If I had a house with a lawn this would probably be on it"
"Like a blind man looking in a black room."
"That's right  i'm talking to you!"
"How I comfort my friends [FIXED]"
"How I comfort my friends - Imgur"
"Petra  the magical ancient land in Jordan  turns almost mystical by night. Candle lamps guide visitors down the mile-long Siq  and when you reach Al Khazneh  it is overwhelming to see this sight"
"Gates of Petra"
"She likes to be fed."
"My face when my girlfriend says its pasta night"
"Someone's hungry!"
"Popped up on Facebook"
"He's right behind us  isn't he?"
"He's got a point  you know."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Every time someone tries to walk while drunk."
"whoosh! {x-post from r/gifs}"
"Woosh..."
"Those disgusting ex-girlfriend porno sites"
"This just popped up on my FB feed. Possibly NSFW"
"I love this."
"Wrong reaction  champ"
"Whew! that was close!"
"Cute Cat"
"Huddled Together"
"How's been on steam for the longest?"
"~14.5 years of Steam service. Anyone else got more than me?"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like pugs"
"KIRBY?!"
"Anybody else tired of these?"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Really Facebook"
"Greeley Panorama on Mars"
"Spectacular 360° picture of Mars surface"
"360 degree panorama of Mars taken from lander Opportunity [964x346]"
"Magnificent piece of art."
"Just waiting for the bus."
"Even pole dancers have to rest. - Imgur"
"Is it wrong to laugh?"
"Very cute  you are."
"Very cute  you are."
"go we will"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE D:"
"Your worst escalator experience?"
"Limitations."
"Let me just get these books for youuuu................."
"Montblanc Skeleton Collection"
"Socially awkward level infinity."
"Blue mountain lake"
"Pretty sure everyone should keep a copy of this in their car."
"Takes you a minute..."
"When I found out &quot;Overly Attached Girlfriend&quot; made a second song."
"Every time I browse r/gonewild"
"Whenever a 6 year old gets cussed out on xbox by a grown man for being annoying"
"I'd watch the shit out of it."
"Much more exciting then a debate."
"This would definitely settle it."
"This would definitely settle it. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Thanks to you reddit..."
"How to get welfare."
"Racism at its best"
"Whenever I look at new posts."
"absolutely adorable"
"So I felt a tickle on my leg this morning while I was putting on my shoes..."
"This is adorable ^-^"
"It's happening... Soon they will rise!"
"A friend of mine postes this on FB. (Aberdeen  Scotland)"
"So somebody in my hometown decided to stick their head in a bin..."
"What was he looking for?"
"Somebody got their head stuck in a bin in Aberdeen earlier today ..."
"Cannot think of one reason why you would get your head stuck there..."
"Heard laughing outside my work (in Scotland). looked out and saw this."
"Man gets his head stuck in a bin in Aderdeen."
"The beauty of Scotland."
"I live in Scotland  this is about the most exiting thing that has happened all year: Some guy got his head trapped in a bin..."
"Stupidity knows no bounds in Scotland (xpost from /unitedkingdom)"
"Man attempts to dispose of himself in a bin and fails"
"Today in Scotland: Part 2"
"Somebody got their head stuck in a bin in Aberdeen earlier today ... (x-post from r/unitedkingdom)"
"How I feel every time I go on /r/GoneWild"
"Indiana Cat"
"Spider cat!"
"I cannot accurately describe this..."
"It's my cakeday  not creative enough. So here's a repost of a post I look at when I'm down!"
"oh  THIS bitch"
"So I Googled &quot;So I Googled&quot;"
"I present to you.."
"Shitting in the urinal has never been easier!"
"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!"
"Shit like a man"
"Well...that's ONE way to do it..."
"I offer no explanation"
"This is what the future can bring us."
"Urinal Defecation Device"
"Brilliant! (xpost /r/funny)"
"The correct way to use a urinal."
"My life during a quantum mechanics final."
"My life."
"Superman upvotes"
"We need a movie or a video game made out of this image. Right. Now."
"The zombie kid apocalypse. Always loved this."
"(Possibly NSFW) A delicious snack"
"Nickel for every time this has happened to me"
"Sad story from 4chan....."
"Told a girl at work today that she looked like Tara Reid. It was Tara Reid."
"Liu Kang FATALITY. NSFW"
"Was not expecting that"
"This one always cracks me up (NSFW)"
"I don't even..."
"'Merica Fuck Yeahh !"
"'MERICA"
"'MERICA!!!!!!"
"Oh internet..."
"Yes  this is a repost. Yes  I have a good reason"
"/r/Pyongyang Agrees that"
"So this was sitting in my sidebar today"
"Dat Baby"
"This was an ad I saw on Youtube"
"Wat?"
"The truth about math"
"How I feel writing my last exam"
"After recording commentary for half an hour before realizing the mic was muted..."
"T-Rex with a Mini-Gun! (pic)"
"Morningwood? Problem solved!"
"Challenge accepted"
"my face when I remember I had homework due last night"
"That feeling of a really wet fart"
"For weeks I didn't want to miss my cake day. It's today  and I forgot to find anything to make it worthwhile"
"When I'm home alone and I hear a noise"
"When I silently let out a fart in public  only to realize that it smells god-awful"
"When I realise the answer to a question 3 hours after the exam"
"How it feels to use Sitrep Pro with a decent headset for the first time."
"Cartman"
"Probably the best Cartman cosplay ever."
"How did this even happen?"
"Protects your hair while you eat...because getting food in your hair would look ridiculous."
"This is a toughie!"
"Obviously real  I mean come on."
"This kills the man."
"My favorite Pingu gif"
"my people need me!"
"Blue stop sign."
"I'm red  just like all the other stop signs. (x-post r/mildlyinteresting)"
"The most terrifying of all dinosaurs"
"The friend that opens the umbrella behind you so you can be a dilophosaurus is the best friend you’ll ever have."
"Deleting a failed post."
"When I realise I screwed up the text in my advice animal and I've already posted the link"
"How I feel deleting a controversial post along with all my comments."
"What I think of when I hear &quot;Hurricane Sandy&quot;"
"Spongebob: I need water  sandy. Hurricane sandy"
"Don't know if this is a repost found it in the depths of the internet. Enjoy"
"Spongebob and Sandy"
"I need water!"
"Sure thing  Spongebob."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Spongebob needs water"
"Not sure if repost."
"Not sure if repost...(testing)"
"Thank you  so much  Tumblr."
"Mean something to someone."
"To infinity  And Beyond!"
"Just a laser being shot into the Milky Way."
"All power to forward shields. Prepare to fire all weapons!"
"Awesome Canadian Reddit Moment"
"Happy hamster is happy"
"Bob Ross with a baby raccoon."
"Bob Ross holding a raccoon...your argument is invalid."
"Mila Kunis"
"Mila Kunis (I'm totally not whoring for karma.)"
"Cat training"
"Everyone has always wanted to know what goes on inside a mass murderers head. Well here you go..."
"This is about how my first job interview went..."
"Update: Haven't been in my kitchen for about 2 hours now because of this fucker."
"Spider in the house: Guy edition."
"Every time I'm excited to view a particular picture..."
"Playboy Cat"
"Off course  we are!"
"Be Anything!"
"You can be anything"
"Dog logic"
"Every single dog"
"Cat Jump From 24 Miles Up In Space (animated gif)"
"The Great Jump"
"Mission complete"
"How reddits stratos mission would look like"
"What the Red Bull stratos livestream didn't show"
"[FIXED] Jumping from the edge of the world (animated gif)"
"Jump!"
"Felix  the house cat jumps"
"Going where no cat has gone before"
"Felix seemed to forgot his cat"
"Reddit's kind of jump from the edge of space"
"Felix Baumgartner has a cat."
"Bravest cat ever!!!"
"SAIL"
"Horny IRL"
"Found this on google..."
"How to BMX like a pro."
"BMX backflip...without the BMX"
"This horse is obviously drunk and should go home"
"Just a dog doing a back-flip"
"Just a dog doing a back-flip"
"From Male to Female in one year..."
"My Transsexual Transition."
"[Repost] Jesus Face Fail."
"Jesus. Wat."
"Jesus Face"
"That awkward moment when you get chased by a dead fish"
"95% of girls after watching breaking dawn pt 2"
"Oh Ariel."
"Oh  Ariel (xpost from r/funny)"
"This is the coolest cat ever (xp r/aww)"
"Coolest cat ever  in my opinion..."
"Two-faces cat..."
"after 20 posts and only 6 karma"
"Circlebeard"
"My &quot;O face&quot; during No Shave November"
"Look at Him Now"
"Hellllllo  Brian!!"
"I CRIED"
"If X-Men could play sports..."
"How to win at NFL: Be magic"
"Good advice¿"
"...Seriously?"
"/r/new and my attempts to stop reposts."
"Sneaky Pirates..."
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOGIRL"
"Every time I finish a rock band marathon"
"Just a baby polar bear being tickled"
"How I feel going through seaweed when snorkilng"
"Breaking bad + Adventure time ="
"Cooking Time"
"Whoa  an albino crow.."
"just an albino crow"
"Fuck yeah  an albino crow! (And not JUST the crow  there's a fence post!)"
"Every Time I See A Hot Girl In Public"
"Mary - elderly and keeping it real."
"This is the definition of awesome. This super popular  beautiful girl at my school is going with this &quot;nobody&quot; to homecoming after he drove to her house and gave her roses."
"I've got a song stuck in my head."
"Best drawing tutorial ever"
"How to draw an owl in two easy steps!"
"Why I stopped reading how-tos."
"Instructions not clear enough. My dick is in the toaster."
"How to draw an owl. Simple steps."
"I'll see your drawing a perfect circle - and help you draw an Owl."
"You think he listens to Death Camp for Cutie?"
"Real Life Hipster Hitler"
"Was replaying Half Life 2 when I noticed Alyx also kicks it old school."
"just a drop of snake venom..."
"This is what venom does to blood"
"Snake venom + Blood"
"What snake venom does to blood."
"ewww"
"In real life"
"For my first post  I present the real life Scooby Doo"
"I present to everyone the real life Scooby Doo [X-post from r/funny]"
"Statistics [PIC]"
"Model rocket with perverted agenda"
"Guided Missle [gif]"
"In Sovied Russia you don't worry in the hotel  the room will be removed"
"Tru Dat"
"redditors life."
"Bitch Please! I choose no!"
"Bing!!! - Imgur"
"The world needs to see this puppy."
"just and adorable animal"
"Please...I HAVE to know...what is it?"
"&quot;pomsky&quot; part pomeranian  part husky"
"I'm watching you..."
"My Abs of Atheism"
"Albert &quot;Bitch-slayer&quot; Einstein"
"Badass Albert Einstein is badass"
"This is their 'argument.'"
"Gay marriage"
"Meowy Christmas"
"Meowy Christmas. [x-post from r/pics]"
"How do you make a kitty even cuter?"
"A kitten in some holiday lights"
"When you see it.."
"Look closely..."
"Ole lonely ass..."
"Meanwhile in Scotland"
"Meanwhile in Scotland.."
"Every time I kill an animal in an RPG.."
"I ask myself this all the time!"
"With all these Facebook posts lately"
"It's all because of your racist ears."
"Seriously. I don't get it"
"I saw an ad for Kids Bop 24 today..."
"Seriously"
"I don't get it... Things on the front page are what reddit likes the most!"
"Worked there for awhile now  still don't understand why"
"I don't get it... Things on the front page are what reddit likes the most!"
"I wish more people were like this kid"
"I'm sorry!"
"I'm sorry spiderbro  they made me do it."
"Polar bear"
"This is an image of the Columbine senior class of 1999. Look in the top-left corner."
"Joseph Kittinger jumping from 102 800 feet in August 1960."
"By far  my favorite gif of all time."
"My reaction to the new Facebook changes."
"Driving home at. A 8......hehe"
"still one of my favourite gifs"
"What it was like when I got made a mod in r/ InfiniteMods"
"...the fuck is this?"
"For my cakeday  I give you my favorite gif of all time"
"Follow your dreams"
"They said I could be anything..."
"Look at it! Look at it!!"
"Screw Tylenol. I kill my headaches."
"Shoon"
"Epic Windows 98 Logon"
"Windows Security..."
"Good ol' Windows"
"I have no idea how to do this."
"if you say so mr. sign..."
"Abraham Lincoln on quotes."
"How I feel changing into shorts after wearing skinny jeans."
"Getting an iPad after years with an iPhone [x r/apple]"
"How I feel moving from a two bedroom apartment to a four bedroom house"
"How I imagine everyone with an iPhone 5"
"How it Feels After Clearing Out 300GB of Hard Drive Space"
"How half of you get your karma."
"I swear this is how half of you get your karma [Fixed]"
"I swear this is how 90% of you get your karma"
"How to Get Karma."
"Soldier thankful to come home to her daughter"
"Edit: Omg this is my highest rated comment that's so embarrassing! Let me help you with that."
"For once i'm glad the title was misleading"
"Let's see if a burglar can get inside our house now."
"Let's see if a burglar can get into our house now."
"Get a girlfriend  they said. It'll be fun  they said."
"woo"
"Because of Sandy halloween was postponed until November 5th...this years costume."
"THIS IS SO EXCITING"
"spongebob squarepants kids reaction"
"Don't mind me"
"not sure why I find this so amusing."
"How I look while jaywalking."
"The cure for even the darkest of sadness..."
"I love those things!"
"Nintendo 3DS Safety Manual"
"For the love of god don't name your 3DS Carl."
"Don't call it Carl (x-post from r/gaming)"
"I think she broke her fat"
"For lease!"
"Once every year  you get away with posting images like this"
"Look it's drunk barney"
"Spongebob Squarepants fan dub meeting in tyron's mom's basement Every Wednesday at 7:30PM"
"Console comparison"
"Spiderman is always with you"
"How I feel when my post gets an upvote"
"How I felt when I got my first upvote"
"I don't know why I thought of this song when I saw this gif."
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"Shit's getting serious in Canada"
"American or not  Sept. 11 is a day away. For a day that I will always remember  it is the first thing I remember when I imagine a world without Religion."
"And... that's enough internet for this week."
"My dildos are minions. Your argument is invalid. [NSFW]"
"So I heard you guys want to bring WTF back to its roots... It's on. (NSFW)"
"Well  whatever gets you off... NSFW"
"Let's get some real WTF going on [NSFW]"
"Let's get some REAL WTF going on. [NSFW]"
"Made entirely of trash."
"Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"How I expect the upcoming week will treat me"
"Wonder what kinda father he has..."
"Young Hitler"
"The other other white meat"
"Found this the other day  it reminds me of the bird on a wire short that Pixar did."
"Everyone wants to be in the middle except for the one actually in the middle who can't breathe anymore"
"Ctrl + Alt + Down"
"True story"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"Women = Problems (proof)"
"Lift Yr. Skinny Paws Like Antennas to Heaven!"
"the nom nom was a bit too strong"
"I will never eat this again!!!"
"How I feel on reddit at times..."
"Sexy mother / daughter shot"
"I photoshopped Kevin Malone onto Honey BooBoo's mom..."
"Possibly the most ridiculous stunt by MacGyver"
"Reddit is so powerful."
"Supercat"
"This is why we don't bring kids to the airport."
"This is really what this subreddit needs!"
"This place needs more seals."
"You got to hand it to this guy. I think he handles his condition well...."
"Pull my finger..."
"Pull my finger... (had to reup it  old link wasn't working)"
"World's largest human hand."
"2 in the pink 1 in the stink ?"
"This WILL fucking give me nightmares. What is this from?"
"Soon  r/creepy. Soon..."
"Fuck this shit. I'm not having a bath"
"Hello?"
"Science fair entry"
"well shit tyrone!!!"
"Gets me every time..."
"Whenever i take an honors class"
"Ezio's better half"
"For my reddit birthday I would like this Assassin's Creed to come"
"White People"
"Still my Favorite gif of all time"
"Scumbag Gate"
"Ever wonder how the Star Wars crawls were filmed?"
"In a Galaxy  Far Far Away"
"Always wondered how they did it without CGI. (The empire strikes back 1980  x-post from /r/moviesinthemaking)"
"Filming the opening crawl for The Empire Strikes Back"
"So I found this picture...I didn't expect that."
"Slow news day."
"I will survive..."
"Toys R Us really does improve after nine years  seems to grow up with its customers."
"It can't be!"
"Little girl and the manatee"
"Jesus Vs. Horus"
"An island within a lake with an island within a lake within an island."
"An island within a lake within an island within a lake within an island."
"Mom! Can I Get This Cereal?"
"I'm not sure I quite understand this piece."
"'MURICA"
"'MERICA !"
"Merica"
"Doing His Work."
"Doing His Work."
"&quot;Sexy&quot; imagery taken literally can be disastrous..."
".... Lolwut?"
"Challenge accepted."
"Expert mode"
"Hollywood"
"Everytime I submit Anything onto reddit."
"When I get no upvotes...."
"Everytime my post gets immediately downvoted.."
"Dem Toes!!!"
"Someone decided that our dog was &quot;missing something.&quot; I guess this was it."
"Skeptical dog is skeptical"
"Friend of Mine's GF Likes to Mess With His Dog and This Is All I Could Think of When I Saw it on FB."
"What a handsome dog"
"Looked through old messages between me and my ex.. This was one"
"A chipmunk  in the snow."
"A chipmunk  in the snow. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"It's shit like this  Indonesia!"
"Farms In Asia?"
"Rice Paddies in Southeast Asia"
"i would watch the shit out of this"
"Wait for it"
"TIL sea otters hold hands to keep from drifting apart"
"Just two sleepy otters holding hands so they don't drift apart."
"Sea Otters holding hands so they don't drift apart"
"Seems...Legit"
"Seems legit"
"The Great Catsby"
"Mid-feline crisis"
"Me on the day i get paid out"
"this gets me every time..."
"Redditors kidnaps a cats family and holds them at gunpoint until he dresses up for a silly picture. All for that sweet sweet karma."
"So I have been on Reddit for one year today and this is all I have to show for it"
"How I feel after getting a refund check from my school"
"i think this is how most people get boats"
"i think this is how most people get boats"
"Everytime I go on the river walk..."
"When i notice my bank account has gained one cent of interest."
"How I feel when I'm winning monopoly."
"When i win £2 on a scratch card"
"How i felt when I got 200 link karma"
"The closer this hurricane gets to my area the more relevant this becomes."
"Bob Esponja. (Sponge Bob)"
"Selfish Hedgehogs"
"art + talent = awesomeness"
"'Just the pattern on the pants..'"
"What's inside uranus?"
"Shaaark!"
"run for your lives!"
"Seems legit..."
"The first YouTube comment to actually make me laugh."
"Lembas Bread (X-post from r/funny)"
"Funniest YouTube comment reply ever (probably a repost)"
"First time Daddy sees his 3-week-old"
"This is the first time this man has ever seen his 3 week old daughter. He's looking at her like she was the most beautiful thing on earth."
"Got this in my email while browsing Reddit....They're onto me...."
"Looks about right for redditors who can vote in the US..."
"Religion in a nutshell"
"I got this mother"
"Tommy Pickles..."
"Batman vs Superman"
"Another reason superman is way cooler..."
"Batman must get jealous from time to time..."
"Old but Gold!"
"amazing sculpture. mind = blown"
"Optical illusion."
"When a post is full of advice from teenagers."
"How the fuck did you upload this from an air freshener? [FB]"
"Serious question"
"Via Glade Air Freshener"
"Because Asgard's worth it."
"best places"
"Don't tell me lies"
"Evolution or Devolution?"
"You know how you rewatch a show you used to love and realize how terrible it really was? This show was  and still is  amazing. Gotta love it!"
"I'm rarely a patriotic Canadian  but this makes me proud."
"ERMAGERD!!!"
"Sner"
"My uncle made his cat a maze from boxes."
"cat maze"
"&quot;Am I on it?&quot;"
"When you think a post is going to hit the front page but it just gets 1 comment and a lonely upvote"
"Nailed it!"
"Froggy..."
"Right about meow!"
"I umm..I have no idea what's going on"
"just an epic gif"
"Me  when i don't get a joke on reddit..."
"My reaction to most of /r/funny/new."
"When my friends show me stuff they think is funny from 9gag."
"My reaction when I heard a guy was gonna jump from space"
"Now that's bad ass."
"First post! Figured I would pay tribute to one of my favorite game series"
"25 years of The Legend of Zelda."
"I've seen lots of graphics about the vastness of the universe  but this one will always have the biggest impact"
"Racist pics get me every time"
"Meet Susan:"
"Perfectly timed photo of a bee sting"
"Touche!"
"Babe!"
"This is my life"
"How I feel"
"how i feel  as a Canadian  about reddit and this Rick Santorum guy."
"Reddit on Apple maps"
"Bitch I'm Fabulous"
"This must be how I go"
"This gif reminds me of prison."
"Meeting my gf's parents"
"this is how i die"
"Well You Could Start Waving After You Won..."
"Look at this dog"
"I never knew it was possible"
"I'll smack the bl*ck outta you."
"Instant Ramen  looks like they're finally reaching out to their core demographics."
"Instant Ramen  looks like they're finally reaching out to their core demographics. [x-post]"
"Mobius Loop"
"Om Nom Nom"
"Circle of Life"
"Star-nosed mole"
"Mom tries the water slide"
"Mom tries the water slide"
"Batman fails at trolling."
"Gross."
"My reaction when I heard there was going to be a new Muppet movie"
"When the LoL North American servers came back online."
"Reddit's reaction to the Mars landing."
"Reddit's reaction to the Mars landing."
"Leatherback Sea Turtle's Mouth: NOPE"
"There is no hell like the mouth of a sea turtle.."
"Leatherback Sea Turtles Mouth"
"The mouth of a Leatherback Turtle  the largest of all living sea turtles."
"Lighting bolts going into the city."
"Adorable no matter what they do"
"Appalachian State University last night"
"Double rainbow over the Montana - Appalachian State game last night"
"My face when my brother told me how much fun his science class is in school today"
"When everything goes according to plan"
"Worth the detention."
"I could stare at these all day ;)"
"To continue the Rock Vs series"
"FINAL ROUND: 1 Rock vs 21 Peanut Butter Brownies."
"Rock vs Food Part II: 21 Peanut Butter Brownies."
"I love you mommy"
"Very cool hand paint"
"Painted hands"
"They're not the best but..."
"Where black people go to get semi-decent donuts."
"Zuko Pro-Bending"
"The kid everyone wanted on their dodge ball team."
"This is what a 60 foot snowfall clearing looks like"
"Frappe Snowland Exists! (xpost from /r/pics)"
"This is what a 60 foot snowfall clearing looks like"
"Bitch! You forgot your chair!"
"Here  take a seat."
"Look of Pure Terror"
"Got her from a shelter. Not sure if she hates her toy or loves it."
"My Precious"
"Best case of duck face I have ever seen."
"As a recent graduate with a Bachelor of Science  this is how I feel after months of searching for a job."
"I couldn't find the shovel so I used the top of my bin instead. Exactly how I feel:"
"Rainbow Lorikeets"
"Simply gorgeous"
"Show some love for these parrots"
"Kid from &quot;UP&quot; in real life."
"OMG they exist"
"I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation"
"We can't even eat our food in peace anymore  THANKS OBAMA!"
"Hillarious Japanese Product"
"The '90s captured in a single image."
"OHHHH LAWDY"
"Melting"
"Weirdest rap album cover: 'Slam Dunk'n Hoes'"
"You talk too much"
"I've hit a new low"
"Buzz Twilightyear."
"To infinity and beyond!"
"Reddit  this was the first WTF image I saw on the internet as a wee derp. To think this made me sick back then..."
"Pounced!"
"Why kerning is important."
"Why kerning is important."
"Why good kerning is important."
"Life-sized Optimus Prime"
"Thai Sculptor Transforms Scrap Parts Into Jumbo Autobots"
"time to fap"
"College roomates when i bring a girl home."
"College roommate when I bring a girl home (xpost from r/funny)"
"Bacon."
"No more"
"...No More"
"How Could You Hurt It?"
"Che Shirt"
"I think this is awesome."
"I Photoshopped the world map inside out."
"Hey guys was just told this place existed! I inverted the world map in Photoshop! Day and Night version"
"The world through the eyes of Buster....(xpost r/pics)"
"Can somebody turn this inverted map of the earth (found on /r/pics) into a Civ 5 map?"
"Haters gonna hate"
"You go wherever you go today  I'll get there my way"
"THERE'S NO CANDY IN HERE!!!!"
"Sneaky boyy (x-post from r/gifs)"
"The most interesting shitter in the world..."
"Preparing for sandy correctly"
"Don't Look Down!"
"Like a Bo....Woah  steady!"
"Dean Potter slacklining while untethered at Taft Point  Yosemite"
"Making it to the front page"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Do what with your surroundings?"
"This is my Favorite oh god hahaha"
"Fuck the garbage man!"
"Canadian Muslims are also rioting."
"very useful for rainy days"
"Fuck da Police!"
"I saw Pegasus yesterday."
"5 gum."
"How to successfully travel through puberty: A guide by Matt Lewis"
"&quot;God prefers kind atheists over hateful Christians.&quot;"
"He's afraid..."
"DELETE COOKIES?!"
"Wut?"
"Just horsin' around ..."
"/r/gifsound is in danger of becoming stale"
"I watched this for a long while"
"O_O"
"Trypophobia animated."
"The main reason why I never make Swarm Hosts."
"Monday mornings..."
"Going to work on 3 hours of sleep"
"what it feels like getting out of bed for a summer class after having a month off"
"Every morning I look like this at 6 AM"
"How I feel going to 8 o'clock class in Nebraska now that the temperature dropped."
"This guy found the 4th hole. (NSFW)"
"So that's what really happened to him..."
"Jimi Solo"
"DJ Osama"
"found this gem when I was searching for Me Gusta."
"For some reason this makes me really happy"
"How I feel trying to get an upvote."
"It takes so much work to get these!"
"when i see someone post a link on their cakeday that ISN'T about their cakeday...i feel they worked for it ;)"
"ITT: Girls who look like they are going to explode out of their clothes any second."
"Exploding out of their clothes"
"I chuckled."
"What did he think was going to happen?"
"The scariest .gif I've ever seen... Anyone have a backstory on this or original footage?"
"Every time I go on Reddit before bed."
"Favorite gif in all of the internets"
"Just gonna check a few links on reddit...."
"Heheh hey billy  watch this"
"Well Said Oscar"
"They don't think it be like it is  but it do."
"This is how i feel after getting rejected"
"Workaholics"
"Workaholics [x-post from r/funny]"
"Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Just a drop of water in front of a map"
"Drop of water in front of a map."
"mind blown 0 0"
"Since I guess I have been on this site for a year  I give you the first picture I saved off of here."
"Why vampires hate the Crucifix?"
"Atheist quotes don't have to be deep and philosophical to be awesome"
"Make sense."
"This is a picture of a couple getting married on one of the Izu islands in Japan where the air is full of poisonous gas due to volcanoes and people have to carry gas masks with them at all times."
"Yes  I also love the Australian  Male  Christian President."
"Whoa Javan  take it easy..."
"Shit Javan  get it together"
"I was bored and made this  I don't know when it'll come in handy though."
"Getting a lot of downvotes  but then making it to the front page."
"How I feel when something I downvoted makes it to the front page."
"How I feel when I get upvoted out of negative downvotes."
"After making it to the front page  this is what I think of the feeble attempts to downvote me."
"How I feel about my last year on Reddit."
"What I've learned from contributing to reddit."
"OH CRAP!!! OH CRAP!!! OH CRAP!!!"
"To the last breath"
"Back to HIS roots...(nws)"
"&quot;Tree Man&quot; skin disease"
"The downside of being Jesus"
"It isn't easy being Jesus."
"Apple's response to Reddit..."
"Modern Deadly Sins"
"what logos really mean."
"At least he made it home."
"My summer To-Do list. So far  done and done."
"Every single day of mine is like.."
"Realization after reaching the 70th page of /r/funny today..."
"My Sunday schedule"
"Today is the first day of my summer time off.I've made a thorough schedule for every single day..."
"This saturday's &quot;to do&quot; list"
"I couldn't agree more Patrick"
"I feel it's one of the detriments of capitalism when something like this holds true..."
"Haha  this dumb frog is totaAAHHHH!"
"Dog photoshoped into a pack of wolves."
"Dog photoshopped into a pack of wolves."
"How I imagine someone acts when they make the front page"
"I see what you did there"
"Found this in the back off my computer. Your call Reddit"
"The other Centaur.."
"What I tell my friends during the credits of Marvel movies"
"What I imagine when people talk about Parkour"
"I'm doing Warrior Dash in one month and this is what I'm PRAYING it'll be like...."
"Fucking parkour!"
"Getting Pumped For Assassins Creed 3"
"sometimes i feel this way..."
"Youtube  I see what you did there!"
"Redditor uploads various videos onto Youtube  spends years aligning them through the Youtube algorithm and decides to cash in on some MildlyInteresting karma"
"I see what you did there (x/post from facepalm)"
"So foxy!"
"Cakeday! so here is some IRL Lion King business"
"When I'm down  I turn to this..."
"Totally worth it?!"
"Optimistic goose."
"Close enough."
"The background on my work computer has drawn attention form the boss. Something about not being a &quot;Team Player&quot;....."
"I took this awesome picture while cruising through Montana..."
"Anybody else seen Office Space? This is currently my wallpaper..."
"The Most-Viewed Photo of All Time"
"I have oficially taken the best photo of my life. I should just go home now."
"Ever wonder how peanut butter is made?"
"To people who say removing helmets from football will solve the concussion issue"
"What I'm thinking while reading posts from people who have never been in a shoot out talk about the NYC Cops not hitting the suspect with every bullet."
"How I feel about the replacement refs in the NFL"
"How I feel at work this morning."
"When I can't find anything interesting on the internet but don't want to get off of the computer"
"Oh couch  you're so..."
"This looks like a good place to sleep"
"Not one fuck was given."
"Saw this lady on the plane..."
"A wild Snorlax appears!"
"A wild Snorlax appears!"
"How I feel going back to comment on my own post"
"This is how I feel when I go back to comment on my post that made front page"
"Stale ass bread."
"Van Gogh's Starry Night in 3-D"
"Epileptics beware..."
"These look ridiculously yum!"
"How I feel about all of these secret rooms"
"Spiderman likes to spend his cakeday doing what he does best."
"How I feel about Felix Baumgartner right now"
"How I am on this year's Halloween weekend"
"How i prepare for hurricane sandy"
"'Tis the season"
"How I Feel with All This Hurricane Sandy Talk"
"Evolution"
"Go back!"
"Score? Fucks - 0"
"There's just so many great things about this picture..."
"Nope... Not a single one..."
"BASEBALL"
"A world of pain in 3-2-1..."
"Take me out to the bal......."
"He kept saying 'Swing batta batta batta'"
"When you're watching something for the first time and you realize where that gif came from"
"Icelandic me  seeing Iceland on the frontpage of Reddit today."
"Me  during the last 30 minutes of Dark Knight Rises"
"After waking up and seeing one of my posts did really well!"
"In 24 hours  I will donate $3000 to Justin Bieber for hist asthma attack. For every upvote I will donate $1 less."
"The only asshole Canadian to ever live [Fixed]"
"My guy friend sent me this with a text saying  &quot;I wanted to so bad but I just couldn't get it up with this one.&quot;"
"Poor Metapod..."
"Nothing says &quot;I love you&quot;..."
"&quot;Nothing says I love you...&quot; x post from r/funny"
"Wtf Target?"
"Do you have any other sizes?"
"Anime Futurama"
"Realistic Futurama"
"Taking pictures with iPads"
"I THINK you might have gone a bit too far this time"
"Why... just why..."
"Chernobyl Ferris Wheel {1920x1200} (x-post from r/Wallpapers)"
"Ping pong boss"
"How I feel arguing with my parents."
"My teammates in any online FPS"
"When a mosquito is flying around my brother and me"
"How i feel the cops in my town are like....(srry if repost)"
"How I imagine the NYC cops at the recent shooting."
"How I imagine NYPD after the recent empire state shooting..."
"Allied AI... every damn time"
"Lieutenant Cat!"
"I know this is ancient  but I had to post this after seeing an explanation of the bible post"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk."
"Drunk rainbow FIXED. from /adventuretime"
"Inflatable unicorn horns for cats  cats love them  except this particular cat."
"I'm ready for Christmas"
"My Final Four starting line-up..."
"Some men..."
"&quot;I said no more photos!&quot;"
"felt like reddit was lacking some didney worl"
"DIDNEY WORL !!"
"Cunt destroyer."
"Just saw it was my cake day  here is my rushed karma whoring post"
"Where da hood at"
"Hitler as an SI unit"
"Oh Noes!"
"The look of horror"
"Never gets old"
"Just a cave in Vietnam."
"Hang En cave"
"English Badass"
"Transformation"
"Transform!"
"Smooth moves (fixed)"
"Trapped a spider under the CD cover  next morning..... (repost from r/funny(!) )"
"Pew Pew Pew!"
"How to invalidate someone's argument"
"Hurricane Sandy tore up a lot of sidewalk around here. My friend got some footage from one of the spots."
"Hurricane Sandy ripped up some sidewalk near my house. My friend was able to put it to good use (x/post from r/skateboarding)"
"When people see me pull out a pack of gum."
"Hey  Client  Fuck You  Pay Me!"
"When you see your parents giving your siblings money..."
"How I look when I get my first downvote on a post"
"Aww-inspiring"
"Why God? Why?"
"When I see somebody texting and driving."
"Whenever I hear my college friends/classmates talk about how drunk they were at a party."
"When I see a re-post of a re-post  I think to myself.."
"A closer look at Orion"
"Orion in Gas  Dust  and Stars"
"Come . . ."
"Let us welcome the ambassador"
"Um  What? (NSWF)"
"Me every time I visit /r/christianity"
"First time I looked at /b/"
"So I went to /r/spacedicks..."
"&quot;I like to go to r/spacedicks  post this  and then leave.&quot;"
"Shakesbear"
"How I feel not owning a Roomba"
"walking to school on a monday morning"
"I now understand Reddit"
"Who's Karma Is It Anyway?"
"Welcome"
"How Steve sees us."
"Sex with Michelle Duggar (Mother from 19 Kids and Counting)"
"The front page when reddit goes down for an hour."
"I had sexual relations with your mother last night"
"So I searched &quot;How to get downvoted on Reddit&quot;..."
"searched my reddit name on google and this came up"
"So I googled reddit and down votes and this came up."
"Time for sleep."
"Emma."
"My reaction when someone asks me to help them with their homework"
"&quot;Wanna see my pet spider?&quot;"
"My reaction to most female comedians."
"Rock Art."
"So THAT'S How It Gets Everywhere"
"I just knew cats were doing this!"
"Horsepower"
"So I saw this thing on Facebook."
"Came across some very good advice"
"Poor Gary"
"Greatest Friends"
"It sure feels great when you hand in your last exam on finals week  eh?"
"Breaking Bad deleted scene."
"Well played Mr Cooper  well played."
"Checkmate."
"I ain't scared of you Dawgg."
"Not a Fuck was Given"
"So I put my cat in a sink..."
"Aaaand he's gone."
"whos idea was this?"
"Just for you."
"Never to be seen again"
"Getting downvoted on what I thought was a good post."
"This is why moms worry."
"Leaning on the Balcony."
"Over the balcony"
"Jumbo Jet skids off of short runway; No survivors."
"Saw my ex post this on my fb news feed..."
"The Average Cat"
"Oh...you wanna high five?"
"Pulp Fiction"
"The Creepy Box"
"Concerned cat is concerned."
"Girl I like responded with more than k or lol"
"You mean Lil' Wayne *and* LMFAO are quitting music this summer?"
"I know this Karma isn't real"
"The way of things..."
"My Soul."
"Soon..."
"Soon."
"stahp."
"gaaaaaaay!"
"Facebook friends with most of my exes  seeing their statuses day to day makes me feel like this."
"hearing that my ex-girlfriend now deals meth"
"How I feel looking when I look up my exxes"
"How I feel as a Catholic on Reddit."
"You're a thug  Gramps."
"I just introduced my friend to reddit one week before final exams..."
"Pre heating the oven..."
"Who hasn't?"
"A totally normal activity"
"I was looking for ideas for my pool party when..."
"Pupsack repost /r/pics"
"Manliest Food Ever"
"Men laughing alone while eating fruit salad"
"My favourite gif [Repost]"
"That's it. I'm unsubscribing r/WTF"
"How does this work? [GIF]"
"Get the man some Ice."
"Head  balls  head  balls; never get's tired."
"Double Whammy!"
"Double Whammy!"
"Dat Ass"
"Dat Ass!"
"dat ass!"
"Get out of here car  you are drunk"
"you know which fucking girl im talking about"
"Lokistyle."
"GANGNAM STYLE!"
"Cosy"
"It's my cake day. Here's a picture of a Kitten."
"Doesn't get much cuter than this..."
"Me at the urinals doing this accidentally way too many times."
"PSA: They still make these... but they only sell them in South Korea"
"Saw a box of these in an episode of Friends. Why must they take away everything that I love?"
"Cat skillz: Dat jump!"
"I just need a little privacy"
"Conserving Energy"
"Darwin Award nominees"
"Natural Selection at its finest"
"Natural Selection at its finest (xpost r/gifs)"
"&quot;Dude  I just learned how to do this on Youtube  check it out&quot;"
"Fight or ice cold beer? You have chosen wisely."
"Cool beer guy."
"Implosion"
"Best batman picture ever"
"Twilight: It's a lot like Soccer..."
"Happy 70th Birthday you brilliant bastard"
"Stephen Hawking experiencing weightlessness"
"Its official  the internet is ruined"
"Some-what confusing..."
"I hate when people do this when they talk"
"Owls have Mondays too....."
"How it feels to be sober at a party"
"Lazer Bears! What? It could happen."
"Da bears"
"You might just what?!?"
"Celebrities photos with bikes Photoshopped out of them."
"Mike Tyson's soft side"
"The first time I got to third base.."
"How I feel when I'm playing an RPG and need to level up my stats..."
"So  I started shopping for my girlfriend's Christmas present..."
"When you say &quot;macroevolution&quot; in a Facebook thread  this is how I picture you [first  be gentle  friends]"
"me doing tricks in the new ssx."
"After sleeping with my ex-girlfriend's best friend."
"Giving my boyfriend his first handjob (SFW)"
"How I feel trying to get karma my first cake day."
"Rare picture of NASL Sound Guy"
"My first post. Took me twenty minutes to decide what to post. And i'm sad of my decision...."
"Me  as a new redditor  trying to decide what subreddits my posts belong in"
"How I feel when stocking tampons at derpmart"
"I recently met a new girl after being single for 7 years"
"Nice try  blue."
"Nice try  blue."
"Blue is one of us (x-post from r/Funny)"
"Typed in yellow on google...."
"Nice try  blue. [Fixed]"
"I'm not sure if this has been posted  but i just saw this on a facebook site under &quot;i fucking love science&quot; and thought it was reddit-worthy"
"The highest rated post on /r/Finland"
"Living in a dream"
"8-bits of supper"
"The Last Supper"
"The REAL last supper."
"damm."
"You know you did."
"why 9gag really exists"
"The son of god came not to be served  but to serve."
"Oh No He Didn't!!!"
"Russian missile artillery bombarding Grozny  Chechenya"
"I'd have picked that llama too."
"I  well  uh... yeah I don't know what's going on here."
"&quot;I'll take THIS llama!&quot; (source please?)"
"'I can show you the world&quot;"
"The meaning of the internet"
"National Geographic Photography Contest 2011 Grand-Prize Winner"
"Hold on."
"i dont normally like pictures of insects....but when i do they are totally awesome! {indonesian dragonfly in the rain}"
"Fight the Rain (HD  National Geographic Photo Winner)"
"Saw this on facebook. Worst argument point i have seen"
"Facebook has reached a new low..."
"shits on fire yo"
"Been Laughing My Ass Off"
"So my car caught on fire tonight  totaling it. When word got to my family  I got this in a text from my brother."
"I'm so excited I found r/birdswitharms! Here's my first attempt."
"My favorite pictures from the Obama campaign."
"Deal with it"
"We headed out or what?"
"My reaction as a women came into the ER I work at tonight with a wire hanger completely through her thigh"
"My face while watching the olympic closing ceremony"
"I'm guessing there were a few injuries from this  and angry parents."
"The Simpsons  always on the hot topic."
"When a Christian tries to join a conversation about a hot topic"
"&quot;Are you thinking what I'm thinking?&quot;"
"&quot;Are you thinking what I'm thinking?&quot;"
"They start at a young age"
"Me and my buddy during the entire sex education module in high school"
"They know how they do in tokyo"
"Babies!"
"We are babies if you please."
"How I feel posting on a Sunday morning."
"those creepy synchronized swimmers."
"Just a little taste."
"I see your black lion and offer a Black Tiger"
"Shaved alpaca gives no fuck"
"Just an Alpaca BEFORE and AFTER shaving."
"he's got my vote"
"Don't do drugs kid"
"Some guy on /b/ (4chan) tattoos a penis on a somebody passed out"
"The Jedi way is the only way"
"If one more person asks if they nailed their costume..."
"Michael Gambon's dance. Alan Rickman's face. Guy in background's stance."
"Spongebob's Diner"
"Spongebob wants no surprises"
"If we're going to do depressing Spongebob..."
"Spongeworld"
"LA Spongebob"
"SpongeStan"
"Everyone on r/pics waiting to post the Mars landing photos."
"Lonely bob sad pants"
"Oh  Robby..."
"Ant carrying a microchip (pic)"
"Electron microscope image of an ant holding a microchip"
"En garde!"
"Lobsters dueling with butter knives."
"Gangsta Unicorn 2Die4"
"Tupacorn"
"Tupac + Unicorn"
"I give you - my custom star wars poster collection"
"my custom star wars posters..."
"Star Wars - Original Trilogy (1977) [1186 x583]"
"Star Wars - The Original Trilogy"
"Post a picture that makes you laugh every time you see it"
"Bananaphone"
"Come up with a good title for this. I dare you."
"Bloodbath in 3  2  1"
"Thats a whole lot of aww"
"Cutest chicks with cat ever [x-post from r/funny]"
"And thats why you shouldn't kiss a boxer"
"Smoochie-Boochies!"
"Swanson Pyramid of Greatness"
"My cat has been working out lately.."
"RIDERS OF ROHAN"
"In Loving Memory...."
"Exactly"
"Winter Resort"
"Someday I will have my own."
"Love at first smooch."
"Humans are weird."
"How to correctly massage a Kitty"
"Hitching a ride on the vacuum"
"Revolutionary cleaning device"
"The new cat mop"
"this basically describes my summer..."
"How I feel after working the same job for 5 years."
"squinty eye"
"Aww...."
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Where's wall-e ?"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Best Birthday Card Ever"
"How I imagine a lot of redditor's trips to the doctors' are."
"If it was real some redditors would have a bad time"
"Be polite"
"Dogception"
"Yo Dawg"
"Downvote gif"
"Dat Ass !"
"The Sims 3. If you know what i mean..."
"high five!"
"Every time I log onto Reddit..."
"Just Another Japanese Game Show"
"Just installed two 12&quot; subs in my car."
"Redditor buys sandwiches from Subway and puts them in his trunk  all for that sweet bacon chicken and ranch karma."
"Say hello to the boss!"
"never fuck around with a pro !"
"You'll regret that"
"Like a boss"
"Probably the best gif. i have ever seen"
"Such talent. . ."
"Instant karma payback"
"My cancer surviving atheist friend likes to troll his coworkers and cause serious injuries."
"Don't mess with me!"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Anyone remember this little gem?"
"instant karma"
"Laser cat sees what you are doing inside"
"Soon..."
"Busted"
"Kanye Moodswing"
"When somebody says that they went to see the Avengers this weekend."
"When someone tells a joke at my expense"
"Ballerina"
"How I feel every time I smoke out a troll in /r/atheism"
"Black dance."
"Falcon Punch!!!"
"FALCON PUNCH!"
"I'm going to hell for laughing"
"Didn't think this was possible.."
"Talk about bad luck"
"Betty White's social networking"
"Betty white on Facebook"
"on scumbag fat girl"
"A duck feeding some fish... that is all."
"This makes me uncomfortable on so many levels."
"Dat Eye Candy"
"Yum  I love fudgsicles."
"Yum ice lolly"
"Really What the Fuck is Happening Here?????"
"This makes my eyes physically hurt"
"Oh internet  you never fail to amaze me..."
"Must...Not...Die"
"Me at work all day tomorrow."
"I heard you guys like cute things."
"Browsing Reddit at 6:00 AM"
"what it feels like the first day of a new job and i have to fart."
"Haven't seen TDKR yet so I made my own."
"Gets funnier the longer you stare at it..."
"I couldn't get a poodle  so I got the next best thing"
"Got a problem?"
"I present to you a sexy shave llamas"
"Chaos... Violence"
"But unfortunately no more then two...rats"
"What a cute little guy!"
"Can't...stop...watching! (x-post r/gifs)"
"Can't... stop... watching!"
"Can't... stop... watching!"
"Einstein with an Einstein marionette"
"Seeing one of your posts get more than 500 upvotes"
"How I look when my two favourite T.V programs both end."
"Seeing someone I know on r/gonewild"
"When I Saw My Last Post Actually Got Upvoted"
"Finding out it's my cakeday with 2 hours remaining in the day"
"Me at 4am on Reddit."
"Stop it!"
"Gotcha!!"
"Thats not even how it works."
"Facebook makes me want to whip a bitch sometimes (not sure where to post to)"
"This popped up on my Facebook...."
"Welcome to my wall... (fb)"
"Found on Facebook. I think this post gave me cancer."
"It's shit like this Facebook. Not even used correctly. shm"
"These pics are getting ridiculous... From my news feed."
"The last day of No Fap September"
"Sadly religious people truly think this way."
"WTF is this shit??( found on my FB newsfeed )"
"The downfall of Facebook....."
"On my Facebook feed...spongebob  really?"
"Found this gem on facebook."
"Showed up on my Facebook feed. Though I hate cancer  there's so much wrong here."
"Every European/Canadian on Reddit. (OC)"
"I am not a strong swimmer"
"Deciding the fate of fellow redditors is hard work."
"Oh Facebook..."
"Who says this?"
"Hopping like a frog?"
"This seemed appropriate"
"Relationships  eh?"
"This fish could give a better blow job than my ex. (sorry for the title)"
"Free falling"
"Felix Baumgartner's words before he jumped [844x608]"
"My favorite part of today's jump"
"OUTTA NOWHERE!!! (Randy Orton RKO's Felix Baumgartner)"
"Russia didn't find the space jump impressive"
"&quot;I could feel myself break the speed of sound&quot; --Felix Baumgartner"
"Clooney + Pitt = Two for the price of one!"
"Take your best shot."
"Someone posted this to Morrison's Facebook timeline saying that he found a frog on their salad."
"Studio Ghibli Characters in Real Life"
"All this has happened before. All this will happen again."
"Eggception"
"This girl's a keeper"
"Underwater Museum - Cancun  Mexico"
"Just going for a dive....."
"&quot;Not bad&quot;"
"You come here to me"
"I don't see enough koala's around here"
"I see your grumpy cat and raise you a Jules cat."
"Stupefy!"
"My relationship with Reddit."
"Chicks dig beards"
"How I feel when I see Emma Stone"
"Yum!!!"
"admit it  you said awww"
"Just a walk in the park"
"What the fuck! Is an understatement here."
"Wat?"
"this just popped up on my Facebook feed…"
"shut up and take my money"
"Get this man a refill!"
"Hyde is secretly the hulk (X-post from /r/That70sshow)"
"when people ask me why am I not happy anymore..."
"Luke  use the force!"
"Inside camera view of school bus (full of children) accident"
"How romantic..."
"How romantic..."
"Scuba Diving"
"Ceiling cat watches you demonstrate"
"Left or right brained? [gif]"
"Pedodog"
"You is fine!!!!"
"You is fine!!! (x post from r/funny)"
"What I felt when there was no more anne hathaway nude gifs"
"What I feel how there are no more anne hathaway gifs"
"How I felt when I missed my cake day yesterday"
"When they have pizza at work And I am not there..."
"The black cat"
"Morning Dew [pic]"
"Ladybug After the Rain"
"Jeweled"
"Beautiful ladybug covered in dew drops"
"Oooohh  shiny..."
"Noah's gonna catch 'em all!"
"Oh right pokemon"
"I've been on Reddit far too long"
"The first time i stumbled upon spacedicks."
"Dubstep [Fixed] Small band from Ohio &quot;Day Method&quot;"
"Damn hipsters"
"Wait a minute... this isn't tennis!"
"At first I was like- but then I was like  whoaa!"
"88 MILES PER HOUR!"
"Epic Boogie-Board"
"xbox steering"
"Sweet baby jesus.... *drools*"
"This just appeared on my Facebook feed. What the hell?"
"I used to read Word Up magazine"
"Seems legit"
"Seems legit."
"Sniper Check."
"Sniper Check... (x-post from r/offbeat)"
"When I found out that after peeing  a small deposit of urine enters your mouth through salivary glands."
"My reaction after seeing that I missed my cake day"
"When I see a picture with a Memebase watermark on Reddit's front page."
"How to deal with Cyber-bullying"
"Cyber-Bullying"
"My background"
"How to kill a walrus"
"How To Kill A Walrus"
"Today we are going to learn how to kill a Walrus"
"How all Arrested Development fans feel right fucking now..."
"How I feel when class gets out early"
"How I feel when my comment receives several upvotes"
"It's my birthday today so here is my favorite birthday gif"
"Every time my cat walks in my room..."
"How I feel about Game of Thrones premiere tonight"
"MFW our hotel room got upgraded to a Penthouse for free."
"This is me during Olympics closing ceremony"
"MFW my knight won at Medieval Times"
"Gif still gets me"
"How I feel when I find out that its my cakeday"
"What I will look like on my first cake day"
"The feeling when your post gets 1000 upvotes. ."
"My happiness when I was told school was cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy"
"That's what friends are for"
"Long live the king!"
"scar is at it again!"
"Brother  help me!"
"Long live the king!"
"Planking Gone Right"
"Prone in modern shooters"
"The difference is clear."
"Signs of an abusive relationship"
"Crispy as fuck.."
"Dinosaur Rave"
"Enjoy."
"Raptor Storm"
"Obey the raptor."
"So fitting"
"Gangnam Style."
"I was listening to this song when I happened to click a link to this gif  I was disturbed and amused."
"We must bring back the dionosaurs"
"We must bring back the dinosaurs"
"To this day my favorite gif."
"Getting a single upvote while being downvoted into oblivion [OC]"
"Getting a single upvote while being downvoted to oblivion (r/gifs)"
"George Harrison age 14  John Lennon age 16 and Paul McCartney age 15 and Stuart Sutcliffe age 17"
"When I'm asked if im a boob or ass guy.."
"Darth Vader loves his music"
"Why???"
"Everytime i post something on Reddit."
"Why? My god... why?"
"Yeah. That looks fun."
"Guy lights his crotch on fire"
"Umm......... WTF?"
"Right in the childhood"
"EVERYONE!"
"Just noticed this in Family Guy."
"Family Guy gets it."
"Oh Family Guy  you've done it again."
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"Hunting..."
"Men should not be left alone."
"What ACTUALLY happens when you leave your car unlocked in Canada."
"what happens when you leave your car unlocked in Canada [FIXED]"
"It is the opposite day in Canada!"
"naWWww"
"The Steam Summer Sale ends tomorrow"
"The force is strong with these two"
"this belongs here"
"My friends dog on the right Ellie"
"Toonces the OG."
"Sudden Clarity Clarence"
"How I feel when I see a 6'2'' kid in the Little League World Series"
"Searched &quot;wtf asians&quot; on google. No words"
"Dem eyelashes. O___&lt;"
"Wow  a childs skull before losing its teeth."
"Sometimes you need not look passed the human body for WTFery [xpost /r/childfree]"
"valentine's day is coming up...."
"Every time I try to submit a link with a catchy title and I find out that it was already submitted."
"Graffiti"
"At least he's honest....."
"The girl I have a huge crush on just asked me out to dinner  tonight. This just about sums it up..."
"When my online purchase's postal tracker hasn't updated for over two days"
"I now have the overwhelming urge to scratch the dead center of my back..."
"My Heart Skipped A Beat."
"8 minutes..."
"[pic] Wtf Disney."
"So Many Doakes"
"Muthafucka!"
"Cat dancing tango"
"Flynt Flossy knows how to dance"
"I slapped her with a piece of pizza"
"First World Atheist Problems."
"Redditor holds Adam Sandler at gunpoint to wear a t-shirt while paparazzi takes a photo to publish. All for the celebrity karma"
"My little cousin gave Adam Sandler a t-shirt  a couple weeks later this was spotted in US Weekly magazine"
"Reddit's greatest GIF ever"
"I can smell  hear and taste it from here"
"Sizzlin'"
"Bacon"
"American Beauty"
"Whenever itunes needs to update."
"Don't mess with this dude"
"my first try at a downvote gif"
"When I found out the &quot;Z&quot; key downvotes"
"Seems Legit"
"Well now i will never forget where my driveway is"
"My favorite game/first game i ever owned"
"These games don't get nearly enough love . They deserve better."
"I like to move it move it!"
"Gangnam style makes it way to nature."
"That smile"
"Makes sense."
"How i feel down voting posts with the punch line in the title"
"when down voting a post with 1 to 0"
"Rubi-vision."
"How i feel when getting front page on a small subreddit"
"Tunak Borat...Tunak"
"I have never wanted to swim more in my life.."
"LeVar Burton Talented BAMF"
"HOLY FUCKING HELL..."
"How I think Michael Jordan changes tires"
"The worst image on r/gonewild [SFW]"
"So I heard you like transformers"
"So I heard you like transformers"
"Hey Arnold! was a great show..."
"Oh Grandpa..."
"My Little Pony WTF"
"I want to buy this book"
"OMG... it's Jesus!"
"OMG - It's jesus."
"What do you see? It is a sign!"
"Tell them what I said about gays!"
"Oh Jesus."
"Cmon dude  just tell them!"
"C'mon Dude…"
"That's why I'm a hit with the Girls. [FIXED]"
"How I picture r/atheism right now."
"How the band &quot;Mumford &amp; Sons&quot; must feel right about now"
"How I feel when receiving atleast 10 upvotes [.gif]"
"My all time favorite .gif [FIXED]"
"For my cakeday  I present to you my favorite gif of all time."
"Olympic season is upon us."
"This is how i feel when i get an upvote on Reddit"
"All I can do is laugh when I use Google"
"Happy 70th  Bob Ross. Such a G"
"A Happy Little Birthday to Bob Ross"
"Oh bother"
"Butthead Bred!"
"Mrs. Butthead"
"If butthead was a girl IRL"
"I found this playing Imgur roulette"
"Found on fb"
"What could've driven him to do this? Such a shame."
"winning"
"Ketchupicide"
"&quot;What are you  a gay fish?&quot;"
"When Someone I Don't Like Says Something Funny"
"I'm a super senior graduating college in a few months  and I'm so goddamn sick of school. This was my reaction when my dad suggested I go for my Master's degree."
"My boss's jokes..."
"Waking up and realizing it is Monday. Here comes another week"
"How I feel when I have to greet a relative I dislike."
"How I feel when I have to greet a relative I dislike."
"I've been saving these for 6 months  here's half of my .gif folder"
"Well  I understand the reaction!"
"How to be a dick"
"A great prank!"
"How to prank your friends."
"looool!!"
"Barber Pole"
"When friends of my ex try to corner me at a party to start gossiping."
"Class participation"
"This kid has class."
"How I like to get down"
"Let me show you the dance of our people."
"Atheists Think.."
"Who's right again?"
"Aquaman isn't your b**ch"
"The call of Cthulhu"
"How I feel as Marine Biologist around my immunologist  and pharmacologist friends. (x-post from r/funny)"
"Aquaman's Revenge"
"A picture I found while deleting stuff from my computer."
"How I picture Christians after reading any /r/atheism posts"
"Too sour"
"Mmmm... lime... UGH FUCK WHAT FUCK NO UGH WHAT THE"
"My favorite baby's first lime"
"When I try an indie title that ends up being awesome."
"Was It To Sour?"
"Was It To Sour?"
"The flavor is infectious"
"WTF is happening to me?!?!"
"When I eat a buttered popcorn flavored Jelly Belly."
"What is this!"
"Awwwwwwww"
"My first encounter with an internet meme. Anyone else?"
"I was worried."
"Well... okay than"
"For my cake day I would like to remind reddit about the current bird arm situation over at r/birdswitharms"
"I can't stop watching this"
"Best &quot;Didn't Read&quot;"
"How I imagine Christians feel about the Bible..."
"EULA"
"College"
"Lol DID NOT READ!"
"Fruitopia Lover."
"I don't know if i should laugh right now..."
"Put your finger in your ear and scratch."
"Like  you don't even know. (x-post from r/trees)"
"Me when someone sends me a link to 9gag"
"Made me giggle"
"Train etiquette."
"PSY-Duck"
"PSYduck (x-post from r/pokemon)"
"Psy-Duck"
"Psy-Duck"
"aww yea"
"dat ass"
"Doe in the water."
"Patience"
"The Mayans were right. The world did end in 2012..."
"I don't even..."
"Naming Your Rival"
"Only got 4 upvotes for my cakeday post...this is how I felt"
"How I feel when I get downvoted"
"Pouring Salt On The Wound[FIXED]"
"LIKE A BUS!"
"Favorite show (top gear) with just a dash of Mario kart"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend And Her &quot;Souvenirs&quot;"
"Definition of BSC"
"And she loves every one of then"
"Showed up on the feed. NSFW"
"That awkward moment when you Realize you have a disgusting problem and need to be burned at the stake."
"Guys....guys listen!"
"Guys...guys listen.."
"Guys.. Guys  Listen!"
"Old one  definitely a repost  but one of my favorites"
"A beautiful sight. We're happy tonight..."
"Can't wait for this time of year."
"I love that song"
"Why Hello There.....NomNom"
"This is a real picture of saturn taken by robotic Cassini spacecraft in 2006"
"Total Solar Eclipse of Saturn with view of Earth (X-Post from r/science)"
"The Nigger Project"
"Realizing a chocolate chip cookie is oatmeal raisin"
"I'm Done"
"Just building a bridge in Norway."
"I think we can all relate."
".bitch gets her own show.wat. the. fuck."
"Seriously America.."
"WHARRGARBL!"
"First thing that pops into my head."
"First thing that pops into my head. [FIXED]"
"Doggies are All That Remains"
"A happy sink is one that is filled with cats"
"Hot-tub party"
"Hair swap"
"Q(''Q)"
"This is fucked up."
"Funny Hockey"
"Utter despair"
"I love Hockey"
"Jake and Anne Mindfuck"
"One of the more bizarre face swaps..."
"Puns on Reddit"
"GTA 4"
"I don't always wear glasses......."
"My phone normally stays on vibrate."
"Im sure I'm not the only one..."
"I want to play a game."
"Saw VII"
"Do you want to play a game?"
"How most of Reddit get Karma"
"The one weapon every redditor needs!"
"When people tell me they don't like cats."
"When I open an NSFW link in class [SFW]"
"Kitty fail"
"Creepiest (and coolest) bug I've ever seen. Phyllodes Imperialis  or as I call it  Halloween Caterpillar."
"Phyllodes Imperialis  awesome looking caterpillar (x-post from r/creepy)."
"Oh shit..."
"Cat Gang"
"First post ever... figured cats would be appropriate.."
"When someone says something serious on /r/funny"
"How I feel trying to post dog photos on /r/aww - Imgur"
"And the genie said"
"Recipe for butthurt: post this with &quot;sup /b/? dig my new threads?&quot;"
"&quot;Memes&quot; hoodie complete with &quot;memes&quot; hat."
"This has gone too far."
"Oh God Why..."
"Classy-as-fuck drift."
"Speedy speed boy"
"Googled &quot;true redditor&quot;"
"Googled &quot;reddit in a nutshell&quot; truth ensued"
"Just your average redditor..."
"Found at my girlfriend's work"
"2x Problem"
"When I see r/atheiests responding to Christian propaganda on Facebook."
"When I see r/atheists responding to Christian propaganda on Facebook."
"Why won't my money go in..."
"Best Dance"
"A &quot;JAPAN&quot; flair would really be useful in this subreddit."
"Poor guy"
"Hang on  I'll get it for you"
"How Felix Baumgartner must feel right now"
"I volunteer in the Child and Adolescent Mental Healthcare Unit in a hospital. Today I raced a little girl down the halls on a hoppity hop. This was all I could think of..."
"All I could think of after seeing the elephantitis of the balls pic..."
"Kakslauttanen Igloo Village in Finland"
"Finnish hotel and igloo resort"
"Skrillex / Cage"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  Skrillcolas Cage."
"oh god..."
"...oh god"
"Stupid wings"
"I don't downvote much  but when I do I feel like this"
"If you never did this"
"Ads that wordlessly explain their product"
"Whose line is it anyways?"
"best kids game ever!!"
"&quot;Whose Line Is It Anyway?&quot;: Fun for all the family."
"TF2 in a nutshell"
"Spidey the trendsetter"
"Harry bin Laden."
"Now that I think of it..."
"That's pushing the line Robert"
"RDJ on the Olympics"
"Just RDJr."
"down(ey) with the chinese"
"god on homophobia"
"Just grandpa and his new dog.."
"That's just good advice"
"Ever feeling down?"
"High five!"
"Banana stem"
"Pretty Good Logic..."
"I'm Feeling Mighty Smart Right Now"
"Diet Coke"
"I'M THE KOOL-AID MAN"
"Is this real life?"
"Is this the real life?"
"caught in a landslide... no escape from reality"
"Is this just Fantasea?"
"I ask myself this all the time"
"Is this real life?"
"Why atheism is not taken seriously"
"I don't play TF2  however  this is the impression I get when my friends talk about it."
"uh..."
"Slenderman"
"Happy Halloween  sleep well."
"What I Imagine a Bukkake Clear-up is like (SFW)"
"How I feel when I downvote someone."
"Best sportswomanship"
"Women's sports can actually be entertaining."
"Sportswomanship"
"Sounds like a good plan to me."
"How to sit at a computer..."
"The giver of no fucks."
"How the Word Boob Was Created"
"Brilliant views"
"Taylor Swift's Promise"
"What happened to this? Alabama won  We're waiting Taylor."
"oh... another mine? just go around it again."
"Road Hazards in Iraq"
"Synchronised IED"
"Wait for it.."
"Don't mind me..."
"How I feel when my mom makes me try her food  again and again"
"Cat Food"
"You will never regret watching this gif...it is known."
"When you get on Reddit and see it's April 1st."
"Me on /r/Spacedicks"
"When r/wtf returned to its roots"
"r/spacedicks in a nutshell"
"Waking up after a &quot;wild&quot; party."
"They really are the superior race!"
"How I feel on the weekends"
"That's the spot"
"David Attenborough on Religious nuts. (x-post) from /r/davidattenborough"
"Just kill him"
"It's like looking at the sun."
"Exotic Melons [SFW]"
"Osama bin Laden in Sweden during the early 1970s. Note the bell bottoms."
"This perfectly describes my username."
"Searched for Unicorn Cats on google  and google delivered."
"Searched for Unicorn Cats on google  and google delivered."
"UP Tang Clan"
"Found this in an unmarked folder on my computer. It needs to be shared."
"Russell tells it like it is..."
"He knows what's Up!"
"When my innocent friends says something sexual"
"&quot;I dunno if you're strong enough to... okay  okay&quot;"
"Worst assassination attempt ever."
"Just a guy picking up President Obama"
"This picture is just great."
"I can only assume this was taken seconds before the Secret Service tazed him."
"Bear-hugging the president"
"This man walked into my friends restaurant today!"
"I have a feeling girls will think it's the opposite."
"Priorities"
"Meet Jenny"
"When the awesome link I submitted starts getting negative karma"
"rrlglglhlhlghglglglelllrlrhllgggththth!!!!!!"
"water explosion"
"2012 NatGeo Photo Contest Winners"
"Winners of the National Geographic Photo Contest 2012"
"Busaba  a well cared for Indochinese Tigress whose home is at Khao Kheow Open Zoo  Thailand."
"Busaba  a well cared for Indochinese Tigress whose home is at Khao Kheow Open Zoo  Thailand. [990x660]"
"Very shagadelic baby"
"How i feel trying to reach the front page"
"What I think every time Sunday comes around"
"Clever bastard"
"If."
"Be careful  she'll be plenty mad when she realizes that you took one of her shoe (xpost r/funny)"
"she'll be plenty mad when she realizes that you took one of her shoe (xpost r/funny)"
"Hot dogs truly are terrifying"
"Being the only girl at a party"
"Genius"
"C-17 Flare Discharge"
"This is a sign... His Holiness in the sky..."
"&quot;You are not the father&quot; - Turkish Edition."
"&quot;You are not the father&quot; - Turkish Edition. [X-post from r/funny]"
"perfect?"
"You are not the father - Turkish Edtion"
"Cat elevator."
"cat elevator"
"See it to believe it: Cat Elevator!"
"Elevator Cat"
"Stop Hitting Yourself"
"This happened to me when i was little"
"Stupid radio song versions"
"Florida's finest mugshots"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Abandoned mill from 1866 in Italy"
"When people complain that I unknowingly reposted."
"Great thinking Spidey!"
"This needs to be reposted"
"Reposted"
"This needs to be Re-posted"
"Did not see this coming."
"When I find out about the Steam summer sales"
"When I find out about the Steam summer sales"
"Mii channel music makes things more comical."
"just casually (a bit of WTF)"
"Grand Theft Grocery"
"Whitehaven Beach  Australia"
"Australia is not that bad...this slice of heaven belongs there"
"Rivers making a beautiful pattern in the desert in Baja California  Mexico"
"Desert Rivers  Mexico"
"Through the mouth of a whale.....whew!"
"Just a whale trying to eat someone on a kayak"
"I'm not the outside kind of kitty"
"The ORIGINAL Grumpy Cat"
"What it's like opening a link with a misleading title"
"How I feel trying to lure my friends to Reddit."
"Drink out of the jug AGAIN  bitch!"
"milk bukkake"
"I said get a CUP!"
"This is why you use a cup."
"Why Darth Vader needs power gloves"
"So  how do you like my new girlfriend?"
"How I feel when someone pulls an April Fools on me."
"Since fall is here  and reddit is about to be overloaded with &quot;AWW look at all the beautiful fall colors&quot; posts this is how I feel as a colorblind person"
"Since fall is here  and reddit is about to be overloaded with &quot;AWW look at all the beautiful fall colors&quot; posts this is how I feel as a colorblind person"
"Nope  nothing suspicious here officer."
"Can I give you a helping hand at making breakfast?"
"The Joker and Robin"
"Trying to carry a normal conversation high..."
"Googled &quot;best dog picture on the internet&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"that should do the trick"
"Duct tape fixes everything..."
"That should do the trick."
"Found this on my street  that should do the trick."
"Popular logos: first vs current"
"Popular logos: first vs current"
"Did you hear the one bout the cow who didnt kill anyone?"
"This is Norm  and this was a bad idea.."
"Good idea/Bad idea...."
"True Athiest"
"Getting sick of all the costume posts? Don't worry.."
"With chemo starting tomorrow  this was my first waking thought."
"It's time."
"How I felt when the last day of summer started."
"I predict to see a lot of this 10 days from now."
"Smile!"
"Being on Reddit at 2am"
"How I feel when people start arguing about religion on Facebook"
"How i look around attractive women"
"Dont worry fellow  that evil dog is gone..."
"Dat ass."
"Dat Ass"
"Gangnam Style!"
"Gangam Styyyyle"
"Gangam style has nothing on this."
"Gangam Style has nothing on this."
"MWF my ex's new relationship isn't working out how she planned."
"MFW my ex's new relationship doesn't work out as she planned."
"I just confirmed the Sun is 92 960 000 miles from Earth"
"Seeing my friend hook up with the girl I introduced him to."
"Every time my parents leave the house"
"MFW I See My Ex Going on About How Great 9Gag is"
"How I feel when playing Mundo and activating my W"
"Explanation Required..."
"Why I use pens."
"How I feel about crackheads..."
"Say something brilliant..."
"She's like the internet.."
"Oh  House..."
"How Skrillex Makes Music"
"Gallium - It has a melting temperature of about 85 degrees Fahrenheit  which is basically room temperature. If you hold this metal it will begin to melt in your hand."
"How I feel when a new post of mine is downvoted"
"Just because this is my favorite picture of all time."
"I laugh every time I see this."
"*Boop*"
"Boop! Lolz!"
"I love this comic  thought it might belong here"
"Everyone's favorite"
"Worlds highest standard of living"
"There's no way like the American way"
"I bet you can't find this picture on google..."
"You guys are going to hate me for this."
"Girl on instagram posted this and didn't know why everyone thought it was so funny."
"how i feel downvoting new posts"
"Creepy Wonka back when he was still Creepy Wonka"
"Something Doesn't Fit"
"Epic Death Metal Guy"
"1 fail. They never showed up again."
"So I was playing an iPhone game and this happened..."
"Where would I even begin?"
"I'll just draw a cat with a narwhal baconing"
"Had a lot of headaches lately  then this came up to scare me"
"I drew the whole community"
"Playing draw something.... These are the words I got. Awesome!!!"
"Being 6'6 ft tall  this is what I'm like after being scared shitless"
"That look delicious!"
"Nothing to waste"
"BALARRGHHH.... OHDAMNOBLARGHHH [NSFW]"
"I told him no  I think he is trying to me something..."
"How would you answer this question?"
"I wonder where this friend will end up..."
"I don't care if your religious or not  this has to stop"
"I..I just cant stop looking at this gif"
"Nuh Uh"
"Ghetto Eurobop"
"That fish cray"
"I see your Dexter cupcakes and raise you a Dexter cake"
"Like a boss"
"Now that's a tough kid!"
"When my country wins another medal."
"So  my parents put my email on their church's email list without telling me last week. Just got this in my inbox. I'm not sure if they're joking or not."
"Funny...I don't exhibit any of those signs"
"Is your housemate an ATHEIST?"
"This faggotry."
"Not sure if serious christian  or atheist troll. How to spot one of us..."
"You can't be serious.."
"A million gallons of fun"
"I was watching parks and rec... look what i just happened to notice in the background."
"Spotted something familiar this while watching Parks and Rec"
"I thought this wasn't allowed"
"Come at me bro!"
"COME AT ME BRO (x-post from /r/funny)"
"caaaat people"
"Roll out  little man!"
"Transformers! More than meets the eye!"
"Before I eat my fortune cookies I smash them in the bag."
"Transformers  midgets in disguise!"
"Fuck this shit!"
"The more I read about religion the more I feel like this..."
"When I see three re-posts in a row on the front page"
"This is how I feel with Reddit being extra slow today"
"I see your orchid italica  chibese knotweed and budda pearls and raise The Brazillian Passion Fruit"
"Dancing Ninja"
"Stop! Hammertime"
"It's your B'day"
"Run for your lives."
"No thanks  i have things to do today."
"The ugly hand of man"
"Why don't all plumbers do this?"
"This stresses me out"
"Resident Evil 6's logo looks like a Giraffe getting a Blowjob."
"So..found this on my laptop earlier..."
"For Redwall Abbey!!!"
"Just an average Friday night..."
"Uhh... Can anyone explain this?"
"Braided Cat?"
"New &quot;cat grooming&quot; trend?"
"Use the other door please"
"roller coaster tycoon..."
"Thats a strike (RCT3)"
"Oh Roller Coaster Tycoon..."
"My poor brain..."
"It gets pretty intense."
"Anti Gravity"
"SONOFABITCH  Panda Roll..."
"I got this...I got this...SONOFABITCH!"
"I got this. Easy. Ready.. set... FUCK."
"There are monsters living under your bed"
"Hmmm  nope. [xpost from /r/gifs]"
"How to successfully troll dating websites."
"Porn v. Disney"
"Porn and Disney Movies."
"Porn movies and Disney are responsible for the most frustrated human beings"
"Wat..."
"*creepy smile*"
"When Somebody Says My Zombie Apocalypse Plan Is Stupid"
"When the huge wall of terms and conditions pops up..."
"i saw your handpainting so i present to you what i found in my newsfeed"
"One does not simply walk into Chile."
"Incredible photo of the Puyehue volcano eruption"
"Incredible photo of the Puyehue volcano eruption [fixed]"
"RAW POWER!"
"Now who pissed Thor off?"
"Volcanic hell"
"Meth lab explosion survivor.."
"Once i saw this i immediately thought &quot;The true face of America&quot;..."
"Keep yo pimp hand strong"
"Trapped by beach balls."
"Swimmer gets stuck by his own balls."
"This made me laugh so hard"
"Let me just fix that(fixed)"
"Spoonachos"
"More Donegal... and the rest of the planet."
"Perspective"
"Army cat."
"I see your Bubbles and raise you.... Bubbles"
"How about this for paradise"
"Camping at a higher level"
"Crafting with cat hair"
"Either buy a vacuum or start a new hobby."
"Got 99 problems reddit? Let me make that 98."
"Repost from r/wtf but I thought it belonged here"
"Childhood memories ruined."
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"Space Odyssey Cat"
"Amazing clouds"
"I'll go get the Goron's Ruby... /sigh [x-post from r/pics]"
"Just Shaq holding a panda."
"My friend posted this on his facebook. It needs to be here."
"Putin  a man of many talents"
"Vladimir Putin skills"
"Don't know if creepy or WTF"
"I wish billy was still alive"
"Genie Wish"
"By our founding fathers IS THAT A POLO SHIRT"
"Gaben explained"
"destination zebra!!"
"how i prance after scoring"
"Let Me Hit It Zebra"
"..why am I laughing so hard at this?"
"Shady's back  tell a Zebra"
"How I react when I actually win a giveaway"
"Everyday I'm shuffling"
"Not sure why  but I could watch this for hours straight."
"How you hate monday mornings a little bit less."
"Everyday I'm circus afro."
"How would one say &quot;Conga&quot; in Dragon?"
"So..this happened"
"Dubstep born"
"When Youtube makes me choose between a 5 min. ad and a twilight ad."
"as;odjq;dv"
"gjtyjjhjf"
"Hurricane Sandy Cheeks Comin' Atcha."
"I accidentally.. the whole building"
"I'm having a c-section tomorrow. Pretty sure this is how it will go."
"How I feel now that my first successful post has gotten more than two up votes."
"beautiful bug"
"Googled seahorse and got this.."
"Oh internet explorer..."
"Searched &quot;not a repost&quot; on google..."
"The right way to answer a &quot;True&quot; or &quot;False&quot; question"
"Lost Dawg"
"Please help me find my dawg."
"duck &amp; shark"
"Brothers"
"They said I could be anything"
"Who's there?"
"I'll beat you with your own pimp."
"I'v done it before and I will do it again"
"I'm not a part of your system!"
"First post on reddit  this is what I gather reddit is made of"
"I'm gonna laugh if this has already been done - Imgur"
"Finally  Not a repost!"
"First Post Woohoo!"
"small comforts."
"Just a few friends playing a game"
"Settle down ice cream..."
"Popsicle stick joke"
"What time is it when you're out of ice cream?"
"My friend's daughter just got her school pictures."
"Facebook stoner logic"
"I &lt;3 anal"
"How I feel sending resumes to small companies when I don't have an inside contact"
"oh morgan freeman...."
"Chicken nuggets come in four shapes and four shapes only."
"Chicken nuggets come in 4 shapes and 4 shapes only."
"Decided to check out 4chan once more. NOPE!"
"Just Patrick doing his thang."
"how i dance at parties"
"Ultimate Dance Skills"
"Ayyyyyyyy sexy latte"
"Hand of God (xpost from r/atheism)"
"How I picture Reddit over the last day"
"What it's like going on r/pics now"
"How I picture Reddit over the last day. (x-post from /r/thelastairbender)"
"The fuck cameraman!!!!"
"Nope."
"There is such a thing as &quot;Too Flexible&quot;"
"Saw this yesterday  I was instantly enraged. You?"
"Am I the only one that thinks this belongs on /r/WTF?"
"To all you who hate spiders I have only one thing to say  If you strike me down  I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine."
"WHAT IN THE FLYING FUCK?!"
"Just a spider shedding it's skin."
"I'm scared"
"NOPENOPENOPE"
"NUKE THE GODDAMN PLANET"
"Birth of a supervillian"
"The truth about no fap September"
"Yeah."
"Hello"
"Hello?"
"Why God never received a PhD."
"God  the failed scientist!"
"Why God never received a PHD"
"Fucking Idaho..."
"Circle of Life"
"Take the tight rope"
"Circle of Life"
"Owned."
"How to lose someone's trust."
"My Aunt posted this on Facebook  I didn't have the heart to tell her that we actually have proof that water exist."
"Just found this little gem on facebook. Raged a little more than I should have."
"Why do i still go on facebook?"
"4chan posted this on Facebook. I THOUGHT YOU WERE OUR FRIENDS."
"It seems like every time I get ahead in life  THIS always happens..."
"The original first person shooter."
"Reading two people argue on facebook...then my name is brought into the mess"
"Saw the Rim job yahoo post... Reminded me of the Sandwich post."
"Adventure Time pencil lead carving"
"Adventure Time pencil carving."
"Kame hame ha!"
"The Truth About Every Climate Change Skeptic"
"How I feel whenever my ex tries to talk to me"
"What I think when girlfriend asks for honest opinion..."
"When my black friend tells me a racist joke"
"Book i was given when i was a child"
"&quot;Double your fun with Jesus.&quot;"
"The most interesting plant in the world"
"This must be the most Interesting Ginseng Plant In The World."
"Since I was a kid  this guy has always been one of my top 10 role models."
"He did a speech"
"He did a speech and some other stuff."
"GO GET YOURSELF AN AGGRON"
"Everytime I open a link on r/politics"
"Well my girlfriend just discovered my Reddit account..."
"For my Cake-day  here's my favorite gif!"
"Stop just stop"
"Moving into a new apartment"
"Ruined childhood  Blue´sclues."
"My buddy is a cell phone salesman and yesterday he had a lady pay for an iPhone with this..."
"That's cool that your buddy got paid in pennies  but uh... who's feet are this?"
"Yesterday my aunt pranked a salesman at a phone store  and made him count all this."
"Guatemala  1976"
"Meanwhile  in Russia."
"This was on /r/wtf but it definitely belongs here more"
"Russia"
"Russians doing their thing(x-post from gifsound)"
"Sweet moves"
"Russian Dancing Men [Fixed]"
"What I thought when Mark Summer's said he had &quot;half of his face&quot; wiped in a car accident.."
"Chuck norris in Mario land"
"Super Chuck Norris"
"Super Chuck Norris (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Greetings!"
"Xbox Live truth"
"What aliens have learned because of X-box live. [X-post from /r/funny]"
"Back to our roots? Skeleton jelly."
"For my cakeday  one of my favorites. Skeleton jelly!"
"The world through draining oil. [X-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Looking through draining oil."
"when windows 98 and 512mb ram was perfect "
"Saturday Morning"
"Facebook saves lives"
"If you played with this guy..."
"How I feel when getting upvotes for posting an overused gif.."
"Opposite Day"
"Your my bitch now"
"I just realized it's my cake day!"
"Really into that music. Heh."
"This is what your darling child looks like on the inside."
"Every year after I put the christmas tree away"
"How I feel going back to San Andreas after years of GTA IV"
"As a straight female  this is how I feel after getting my wisdom teeth out."
"It's shit like that  smart design!"
"It's shit like that  smart design! [FIXED]"
"Need A New Nail Polish? Why Not Zoidberg"
"Tall Order!"
"My GF just told me that she invited her Mom to stay with us for the summer."
"Some pictures say a thousand words  this one says one: Poaching."
"Waitaminute."
"Pokemon Centers."
"pokemon centers in a nutshell"
"Guys! Guys! iOS6 Maps..."
"How to troll on the job"
"Trolls Do It For The Lulz"
"A photo opportunity  of sorts.."
"Candy cigarretes"
"When my girlfriend tries to finish a sentence for me"
"This would make ToyStory better"
"Take this test  the answers are on the bottom."
"GUESS THE GUYS AMONG THESE GIRLS!"
"White Tiger Tongue"
"I give to Reddit something as beautiful as it is dangerous."
"Searched Overly Attatched Girlfriend..."
"I'm sleeping with the light on lest the blackly dreams of a trillion screaming sinners... ah screw it you get the idea. Courtesy of ThunderGyra and myself."
"Meep."
"overly attached demon"
"where have you been ? you late!"
"This audio is all I could think about"
"Assassins Creed in real life"
"Mhmm..."
"Scissors"
"The old marriage proposal prank"
"Anyone who has actually done this has my upmost respect"
"This is why I will always be a follower of Thor!"
"I don't see any  do you?"
"You know  it's true."
"NORSE GODS ARE BEST GODS  obviously"
"Odin 1  Jesus 0"
"have you seen one around?"
"Jesus Promised"
"Been a Redditor for just over a year now. I think I got this down."
"How I feel browsing Reddit early in the morning"
"Solar eclipse on Mars"
"High Five Bro!"
"The five star to end all five stars"
"You give me a kiss?"
"Two foxes"
"Monday  you say?"
"JUST CLEANIN' THE DESK! [4:15]"
"How I feel when I type a really long message and I accidentally delete it"
"My ass is high as fuck right now"
"A glorious day for the Mexican space program."
"The Internet is lot like.."
"Yes  yes it is..."
"How to make Melbourne a better place"
"A day off for Predator."
"Just a Predator having a magical day."
"Seems like the Dalai Lama is the only religious leader with a sense of humor."
"glad to see that he also has a good sense of humor."
"Here's the Dalai Lama tugging on Russell Brand's beard"
"Loungin'"
"4 chicks in a tub. [SFW]"
"Little Gem I Found"
"Just a picture of Will ferrell."
"How we all felt at that age..."
"How I feel when I down vote a new submission."
"Best soup of the day"
"The music industry sucks - the Dead Kennedys rock."
"Dead Kennedys in god we trust [377x603]"
"Pirate Bay  Cambodia and history comes together..."
"Teddy says &quot;Happy Fourth&quot; like a boss."
"My favorite moment in U.S. history."
"Tired out after fun"
"This little one is exhausted"
"One week after no fap September."
"Wanna play?"
"Standing out."
"Bambi Redux"
"I don't normally eat babies...[x-post from r/funny]"
"I'm not sure what I expected when I Googled &quot;bacon thong&quot;"
"Bacon wrapped baby. Mmmmm...."
"Don't Blink."
"The Almighty Karma God."
"Reddit's Self Portrait"
"Searched for &quot;drunk cuddles&quot; and found this instead"
"I give thee the God of reddit!"
"The dream of every male redditor by the end of No Shave November..."
"Searched &quot;King of Reddit&quot; on Google Images"
"Googled for &quot;King of Reddit.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"How i see most internet trolls"
"Meanwhile  in Greenland."
"Starry Starry Night"
"Van Gogh's Starry Night"
"My current wallpaper. I can't find anything that fits me better than this."
"Some of my favorite wallpapers. Love you Reddit!"
"Just another normal day in North Queensland  Australia."
"In Australia  spiders eat snakes."
"Kowloon Walled City  Hong Kong."
"African American Nurses helping a member of the KKK"
"Google Killed Bambi!!"
"Google  how could you!?"
"dude this water"
"10 Cat"
"Ready or not  Here I come!"
"If this does arouse you  I don't know what will."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE !!!!"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"When my pokemon hurts itself in confusion to death"
"when I see a spider on my desk..."
"When I see pictures of the girl I lost with her new boyfriend"
"TF2 is having too many issues. Take it away  Alan Rickman."
"The feeling of accidentally clicking the same reddit post on a desktop after viewing it on your phone. Am I the only one?"
"Whenever i forget something i was going to post"
"My first attempt at a downvote gif"
"We'll be taking this now."
"Marines were doing it before it was cool. - Imgur"
"You will..."
"Yes. Yes I did."
"Go on dude  hurry up  mom will be here any moment"
"Her collection."
"20 million karma to the one who can explain what's going on in this picture"
"train photo shoot."
"&quot;Children have never been very good at listening to their elders  but they have never failed to imitate them.&quot;"
"Indoctrinated  shame on the parents  he probably cant even read the sign."
"Handing threatening signs to children  and then calling your protests peaceful; works every time."
"Mr. Meowmers was never the same."
"Trolldad"
"I must go  my planet needs me"
"Whiskers  NOOO!!!!"
"SWAG"
"Facebook Swag"
"This guy. Has something against juice."
"This guy really doesn't like juice"
"Well... that's nice"
"Let me scratch that for ya"
"Premiering this month on the Food Network:"
"I am the one who bakes."
"The truth behind Slender."
"It all makes sense now"
"Extreme Origami"
"The Last Tennis Ball....."
"learning to swim! (Fixed)"
"I was surprised it wasn't done already."
"newborn gorilla reacts to the coldness of the stethoscope"
"Ahhhhh... Ah! Cold!"
"Just Prof. Farnsworth"
"Hover hands? Please  I'm Gabe Fucking Newell"
"Classic Gabe - oldie but goodie"
"Meanwhile at Valve..."
"Gabe motherfucking Newell"
"Was just browsing 10 month old imgur when... GabeN"
"Gabe gets all the girls."
"The Cold Truth Behind Pokemon"
"Pokemon Girls"
"Is this considered bestiality?"
"When the post doesn't fit the sub-reddit"
"Watching My Parents On The Computer"
"Realizing that my phone doesn't have a passcode and that I left it in a room full of friends..."
"He who has no happiness."
"I woke up today to find my post on the front page"
"How I felt when a coworker I have a crush on broke up with her asshole boyfriend today."
"When I'm at a friend's house and find the silverware drawer on the first try."
"How I feel when my gf tells me she wants to have sex"
"how i felt when i woke up and saw i got over a 1000 karma"
"Submitting a post and coming back later when it has a lot of upvotes."
"This Is How I Feel Now That Bryan Cranston Didn't Win An Emmy"
"My current wallpaper  I have a thing for futuristic cities."
"Spin the ... baby bump?"
"Happy sloth"
"ghost texting ... cop style"
"Breakin the law!"
"Double Standard."
"Do As I Say  Not As I Do - Imgur"
"A friend saw this cop texting while driving on the highway. Fucking double standards."
"I feel so much safer now officer..."
"Your safety is in good hands"
"First thing I see browsing r/imgoingtohellforthis"
"Oh Loki  you so silly."
"norse crisis flowchart"
"Now that is a nice kitty"
"in the spirit of the NBA Playoffs....cat dunks"
"My first attempt at this"
"SLAM!"
"Hey  Wolf..."
"No thanks..."
"So Do I......"
"Fuck."
"Not one fuck was given [NSFW]"
"Oh you know  just watching some porn at the public library."
"Party for white people"
"oh my god"
"Youtube has the proper ad"
"No matter how hard you try."
"The most useless machine ever"
"When I see the 9gag watermark on an otherwise funny picture..."
"When a story turns out to be fake"
"Well this is awkward.."
"Let's play a game! Here's a picture which recently made the frontpage. Find the name of the street that it was taken on and submit the corresponding street-view perspective in your comments. Show me your Google-Fu!"
"Something about this picture always gets me"
"Not your normal Trailer Park"
"I should probably remember this before I kick off the next religious Facebook argument. But I probably won't..."
"Who is this guy  an why have I not heard of his genius?"
"How I feel whenever I browse r/new"
"Timid little loris."
"When I'm sleeping over at a friends place and their parents start fighting during dinner"
"few things are as cute as this creature"
"Bert and Ernie  in the flesh"
"Poor Patrick"
"One Hundred and Twenty Kilometers"
"I think I'll buy my drugs somewhere else"
"Classy."
"playing against detroit used to be tough"
"Didn't see that coming..."
"Roman baseball"
"A copy of Obama's long-form birth certificate."
"A copy of Obama's long-form birth certificate."
"She knows. (/r/4chan)"
"mimimimimimimimimimimi"
"Purple Praying Mantis."
"Mantis or orchid?"
"Who knew Praying Mantises could be so beautiful?"
"Every Damn Night"
"how could anyone ressist"
"So angry"
"Its so angry"
"How I feel about the Olympics."
"Vote for Romney  mother fucker. (xpost /r/photoshopbattles)"
"Romney laughing a things. Lets see what you can do."
"So I just came across this 'happy little' pic..."
"Beauty in destruction"
"Hold On Shaniqua!"
"Just told my family i don't believe in God/Religions. AMA"
"checkmate atheist."
"so fucking true!!"
"I wanna live in this place."
"Suddenly  oven!"
"A good driver expects the unexpected. You're driving on a clear road then..."
"Yes  how can I help you?"
"Magic"
"Waking up to my post getting 1000 up votes in a night"
"I will not be sleeping tonight..."
"something to keep you up tonight."
"Andre 3000?"
"He didn't choose the knitting game  the knitting game chose him"
"Every time I try to play stealth sections in games"
"Trying to come home quietly after a night of partying."
"Trying to sneak in at 2 am after a long night of partying."
"How I play stealth sections in videogames (X/post from r/funny)"
"Trying To Have A Conversation With A Crazy Bitch And Not Start A Fight"
"Coming home from the bar wasted"
"Kind of a dick move"
"Whenever there's a Steam giveaway"
"The KFC witness protection program"
"No really  I'm a flamingo..."
"KFC Witness O_o"
"When I post and get downvoted to oblivion"
"After knettel37's rise to fame  I thought I'd post a painting I did yesterday."
"My 8 year-old  autistic sister just finished her first painting. How'd she do?"
"HH-222: The Waterfall Nebula (900×600)"
"The Waterfall Nebula"
"Sometimes I do too."
"Yeah  that's right Mickey Mouse  cheer on for the cat!"
"Babes in Toyland"
"My Milkshakes!"
"If i had one hour to live.."
"An hour left to live"
"If I had one hour to live"
"So one my students just gave me this..."
"So one of my students just gave this to me..."
"Next time on WTF!"
"My final form"
"The final boss of the internet"
"Final Toy Story Boss"
"Mondays."
"How I get from the bed to the shower on a Monday morning."
"Local child wins WHAT? Reddit  what's the most inappropriate thing you've ever won?"
"The internet never ceases to find ways to ruin my childhood."
"This is THE cutest Kitten I have seen in AGES"
"cat wants it's teddy"
"Gimme! That's mine!"
"Awwwh &lt;3"
"found this comic and wondered if r/atheism had seen it"
"This must be a terrible show"
"This must be a terrible show then."
"No title..."
"A slo-mo bullet hitting a wall."
"bullet on a wall"
"Don't Worry! I'll Save Me!"
"Betrayal."
"Imagine swimming and bam you are in a school of stingrays"
"I always thought a lot of old-fashioned duels would've ended this way"
"Whenever I try No-Scoping."
"Am I the only one that thinks this is hilarious?"
"Mountain Goats ain't got SHIT on this."
"Looking down while mountain climbing"
"And that's why our IT manager got fired today."
"My new favourite network."
"new neighbours next door.."
"Went to a local Hooters and checked for Wi-Fi... It went away after a couple seconds and never appeared again"
"I let my dad rename our WiFi network..."
"My new WiFI name"
"Not really keen to meet the neighbours..."
"this came up on my facebook newsfeed.."
"Pope Vader"
"His Holiness."
"the honorable pope vader"
"was browsing imgur random when this."
"Picture Of First Camera Rage"
"Kyle has a girlfriend and no one believes it"
"Being gay  I'm pretty sure this is what a vagina looks like."
"Yummy cake"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"This is why I love WWE"
"Hillbilly"
"Stop hitting me!"
"9/11: The True Story."
"Nope"
"The stuff nightmares are made of [spider content]"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"dammit  baby"
"Baby  what the fuck."
"Baby  can I have a beer?"
"Baby  can I have a beer?"
"C'mon baby."
"Emma. Amazing."
"Emma Stone"
"House Camo"
"Trees"
"Tree House."
"Tree House"
"Treehouse"
"Treehouse"
"Just a treehouse"
"Just a treehouse.. [xpost from r/wtf]"
"Zach Galifianakis baby picture"
"'Pretty Death'?"
"How to entertain yourself while Reddit is down:"
"No post on Sundays."
"No post on Sundays..."
"Outta the Way"
"What it feels like posting on r/funny"
"Baby's first steps [gif]"
"Had to pee in a bush. I'm a girl."
"When I liked a song that came on Pandora and found out it was Nickelback..."
"Bailey: A pug in a pug costume."
"Yo Dawg..."
"A pug dressed as a pug"
"How fitting."
"Sparklers"
"Laziness"
"Taking lazy to a whole new level"
"a delicious hat"
"I sell Krabby Patties and Krabby Patty accessories."
"Call Todd"
"I steal from the riches..."
"Wishbone had it right all along."
"Okay  this just creeps me out"
"Getting ready for winter"
"Wow! What a great deal!"
"meanwhile at home depot..."
"whenever i see &quot;omg i laughed so long at this one!&quot;"
"Just a Corgi at the beach"
"What a happy puppy"
"The corgi garden was a success."
"Arrested During A Haircut"
"Arrested during a Haircut..."
"Doesn't look half bad"
"Good on you  Ron  keep calm and bang Hermione."
"This made me spit my water out"
"Where's waldo?"
"Come at me bro"
"Come at me bro!"
"THE FUZZY"
"How i view &quot;tough&quot;middle schoolers."
"People of r/aww! HEAR MY BATTLE-TWEET!"
"Boing! (X-post from /r/gifs)"
"[8] at the pool"
"DJ Jesus died for our spins."
"&quot;The Last Rave&quot;"
"I fucking love cocaine!"
"colours"
"so much truth"
"The REAL difference between men and women"
"The Mesiah"
"i just made an upvote gif (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Bombay Cat."
"Cat Hypnosis"
"Hypno-cat"
"Hypno-cat"
"Stunning eyes."
"What does this even mean?!"
"Look at that determination."
"Thought it fit..."
"Badass fight: one man vs 20."
"This is how to kite mobs with monk on inferno"
"How I Feel as an Atheist in the Bible Belt"
"This is what happens when you mess with a professional boxer"
"He must have Godmode on"
"Guile's Theme goes with everything! GO!"
"Stumbled across this gif and thought that yakity sax would fit it perfectly. I was right."
"Wookie Goldberg..."
"Guitar"
"Say hello to my little string"
"Scarbillies"
"Pacino/ Through the Fire &amp; Flames"
"Internet Family Portrait"
"Family Portrait"
"Satan Is Coming."
"My library is a bookshelf. Top that."
"Kansas City Library"
"Library Building"
"A million dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? A gorillian dollars."
"A Gorillion Dollars"
"Emma doesn't want to be a GIF... I think it may be a little late for that..."
"Haters gunna hate"
"Haters Gonna Hate.."
"Haters Gonna Hate..."
"Street Art Paint War"
"Paint WAR"
"I cant think of a good title. I just know this belongs here."
"And a dash of colour.."
"Better take my dog for a walk..."
"Just Watering My Negro."
"Oh 4Chan..."
"We all grew up to be like Squidward."
"The awkward moment when you realise that you grew up to be Squidward..."
"We all grew up to be like Squidward."
"That did not go as planned."
"How I feel after another day on reddit"
"They see me rollin..."
"That's just how I roll Yo!"
"This how I roll in them 24's"
"Rollin away"
"They see me rollin' [FIXED]"
"Rim Coaster"
"they see me rollin"
"Respect the tapestry....."
"Come at me  bro"
"Ultimate bro down"
"Wire/Game of Thrones mash-up"
"Your fucking mom"
"Your mother is so fat..."
"Electron microscope image of a maggot [PIC]"
"Electron microscope image of a Male maggot FIXED [PIC]"
"Photo of maggot x100 magnification OR I want to suck your derp"
"Buscemi under an electron microscope."
"How i feel about being downvoted on everthing i post."
"hahaha fuck you."
"How I feel seeing posts about the 3 day weekend when I have class on Monday"
"What happens on january 18th"
"This time it's personal"
"My internet tastes by mood."
"The Ron Swanson Pyramid of Greatness"
"What it really means to be American.."
"Modern-Day Guerrilla Warfare"
"Hilarious Tampax Ad"
"Oh Disney"
"The greatest faceswap ever [FIXED]"
"Long live the king"
"This is my couch bitch!"
"Anon goes to America (x-/r/4chan)"
"Royal kittehs"
"If only you could control both or just one."
"Creativity explained."
"Congratulations Felix Baumgartner!"
"Congratulations Felix &quot;Giant Nuts&quot; Baumgartner!"
"The true definition."
"Overly Manly Man"
"The NEW overly manly man."
"What's the one thing you need in a bear attack?"
"Guess I'll walk."
"My friends just posted this  why? just why?"
"What the fuck is this."
"This has gone too far."
"You can't give me no time because I got this really cool snapback  Your Honor"
"Republican Propaganda"
"We want the truth!"
"Well  which is it Mr. President?"
"Will Obama ever make up his mind?"
"Obama flip flops AGAIN"
"He's a damn liar!"
"I really like Obama  but this is getting silly."
"If you ever needed a reason to get a cat..."
"Honest Cooking Directions"
"Whenever people asks me why I don't go out more often"
"After 6 Hours Of Being On Reddit"
"Most weekends. Heck  most weeks."
"Underwater dog"
"After losing my wallet before the steam sale this is how it feels"
"Watching the steam deals go by after losing my wallet"
"Hey army  whatcha thinkin bout?"
"Whatcha thinkin bout?"
"a lesson for life"
"Captain America Vs. Deadpool"
"Thanks mom"
"Thanks mum"
"That awkward moment"
"Not sure if Internet is bleeding  or agent dash just got that much better..."
"Roller Skating while shopping"
"I saw someone on /b/ posted a better and funnier version of this. Does anyone else here have it? If so can I have it too?"
"they never learn"
"One rim to rule them all"
"One rim to rule them all (x-post /r/bicycling)"
"ye olde invisible string trick"
"Size comparison between Curiosity rover and previous mars rovers  Opportunity and Spirit"
"A size comparison of the different rovers  amazing we landed something that huge on Mars."
"The scale of Curiosity compared to the other rovers"
"Amazing!Three generations of mars rover for comparison  and a few people for reference."
"Not what you want to find for a late-night snack"
"For when you can't afford the expensive can of fish assholes"
"Freshness guaranteed...."
"Maybe Too Organic?"
"Obama gets rejected"
"Good going  America..."
"Seriously??"
"Back to the normal schedule  everyone. The Bible  Non-Fiction Version"
"Literal toilet paper name."
"When 9Gag Tries To Attack Reddit..."
"World's Highest Freefall  Felix Baumgartner"
"Felix Baumgartner coming home"
"The jump in reverse."
"Jumping down from space with a parachute? Meh  diving would be something."
"Felix to Ground Control"
"Now let's see your model face"
"Googled a picture of my friend not what i was expecting..."
"CAUTION!"
"CAUTION: This sign has sharp edges. Do not touch the edges of this sign."
"you spin me right round"
"WTF is wrong with his foot?"
"Whenever my phone rings while waiting to hear from a girl. [GIF]"
"Fucking penguins."
"Fucking Penguins. [Fixed]"
"I have to agree with them"
"They really do"
"Every morning. It's either a slow driver or  these damn Gateways to Hell. Making me late."
"Real life gateway to Oblivion"
"Magic Hands"
"Me  when people will start saying &quot;Thank God the temple wasn't full&quot;"
"When  as a Brit who has tasted American Froot Loops  I tried the English kind."
"So this film exists..."
"Scoreboard  since 2000. Team Israel: No Restrictions."
"Israel vs Palestine"
"Fair Game?"
"Picture of an adorable little baby Bat"
"Bat Feet"
"See this at a party"
"So I'm at a party and see this..."
"Just Nicolas Cage doing his thing again"
"He wanted to get married... He chose the best"
"A man is dating three women"
"Why I lose in FIFA"
"Yo dawg..."
"Pickup on a truck on a truck on a truck [Fixed]"
"TRUCKCEPTION"
"Truckception"
"I hear you fancy trucks."
"When I Catch A Nice Buzz and Say Something Dumb On Reddit"
"Lizard Plays Smartphone Game"
"I do the same thing while watching the Food Network"
"The definition of WTF.."
"Let's party rock! NSFW"
"When I Dance (NSFW)"
"Having a good time... [NSFW]"
"My kind of party. NSFW"
"Wilson Costume"
"Your cat is dead"
"Am i a pretty girl?"
"Trolley line catches a ford in Russia"
"end of autumn.."
"End of Autumn... [FIXED]"
"Different seasons  same temperature"
"I can't be the only one..."
"Dog rage faces"
"Memes and their dogs."
"memes and their dogs"
"Memes and their Dogs"
"Portable Rocket Launcher"
"Hey man  Have a dollar?"
"I love all the satans."
"Santans."
"This shit really is starting to get out of control."
"I can finally say I found him."
"MY MOTHER WARNED ME ABOUT THIS CARL"
"Hey Carl!"
"Dammit Carl"
"It never gets old"
"Hey Carl."
"This always makes me laugh"
"Hey Carl.."
"Hey carl..."
"Carl..."
"Have you seen my..."
"Hey Carl!"
"Dammit Carl!"
"Fuck the rules"
"No work today."
"Hahahaha-no."
"When my Asian dad sees a B on my report card.."
"Random search on IMGUR  I don't even..?"
"The Dali Lama displaying his true power."
"I choose you!"
"The Shocker."
"Emergency Defibrillator"
"Well... Yeah  that works."
"New  less-macho  picture surfaces from Paul Ryan's workout photo-shoot."
"here  have a shaved llama.."
"Do I look like a lion?"
"I don't think he likes it."
"Yall coming to my party?"
"Someone's idea of a clever portrait?"
"My brother spent ages on this drawing. What do you think Reddit?"
"My 17 year old brother has a vivid imagination. This is one of his drawings."
"how to kick like a cow"
"The Versatility of &quot;Dude&quot;"
"I did it. I fucking did it. 100% completion all A's on Super Meat Boy!"
"Breaking News!"
"It's terminal"
"Doctor Kitty"
"Best doctor ever."
"Whenever I have the house to myself for an extended period of time..."
"The depths and shallows of a male mind. [FIX'D]"
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"Penguin on the edge of infinity"
"Posting this  posting that. And when I want to check out how I am doing... this."
"The peaceful protest you won't hear about on the news - Kabul  Afghanistan."
"The truest friendship ever to be on television."
"True Friendship"
"The photobomb she'll never forget."
"Damn  it feels good to be a gangsta"
"Thug Life"
"I Googled &quot;smashing&quot;  found this."
"A guy fucking a T-Rex."
"How I feel with my new George Foreman grill."
"The exact moment I stopped being a vegetarian."
"Yup  that's why."
"And that's why I'm the perfect lover.."
"Kill yourself"
"When a repost hits the front page"
"Sounds legit"
"If it bleeds we can... what?"
"Oh man  you are so funny!"
"80's style cat photography."
"Searched for &quot;the best picture on the internet&quot;  I was not disappointed by the result"
"Well  when I googled best cat picture on the internet I got this instead"
"So..I found this on the internet..."
"also googled the best cat picture on the internet.. not sure what to think of this.."
"So I googled &quot;Best picture on the internet&quot;...."
"For my Cakeday  I Google'd &quot;Best picture on the Internet&quot;. Hellzyea."
"Googled &quot;The best picture on the internet.&quot; Should have known..."
"Live in the meow"
"I dont know how I found this  but I sure am happy I did"
"So this is the typical reddit user  huh?"
"I googled for 'typical redditor'"
"So I googled &quot;So I googled&quot;"
"Just Flip A Coin"
"a bit of everyday wisdom."
"My dog if I accidentally say the word treat in front of him"
"She seems to live all over the country."
"Nightmares."
"Opposite day  Cage pretending to be overly attached to us."
"Reddit's worst nightmare"
"&quot;We can steal the Declaration of Independence together!&quot;"
"Just scrolling down facebook then..."
"Overly Attached Nicolas Cage"
"AquariRoom [445x1024]"
"Would probably stay here"
"He's gonna get 'em."
"light boop"
"Creepy Pooh"
"Creepy level: Pooh"
"WTF poohbear?"
"Whoa  Pooh is an ASSHOLE [FIXED]"
"I know."
"Level of thrust: insufficient"
"There are no words to describe this."
"Sid the Sloth."
"His eyes ALMOST popped out of his head"
"So I googled eye drops..."
"Sid?"
"A friendly encounter"
"The Captain from Ipanema"
"Awesome optical illusion - look at the + and only the +"
"Wait after the green dot appears"
"Must. Stop. Watching. (xpost from gifs) (focus on the center plus sign)"
"If you stare at the center long enough  the purple circles disappear."
"Just chilling."
"Just some rockclimbing tents hanging from the side of a cliff..."
"The Four Elements of Nature"
"Status Clouds in Iceland"
"I see your libraries and raise you WonderWorks  Orlando"
"Hey I just met you..."
"I feel horrible for laughing  but it's my cake day so I think I am safe"
"Hey I just met you..."
"Over 68 000 single women..."
"Terrifying Statistics"
"saddest dog ever"
"How I feel going back to comment on my own post [Fixed]"
"Boraccho!"
"Borracho!"
"How I feel using my non-iPhone in public"
"Simba tends not to listen"
"What the fuck Simba"
"I can't even. This is not Atheism."
"Found this quote on facebook satan's page."
"I really wish they would make the sequels to this"
"what have I waddled into here?? (NSFW)"
"Come on  camera man  get your head in the game... [NSFW]"
"Look at this beautiful duck that I found"
"Shia Labeouf and Megan Fox"
"Asked to sign a theist petition  surrounded by theists."
"Trying to decide whether to ask my ex for my saxaphone back or live forever without it"
"My reaction when someone tells me homosexuality is against their religious values"
"Gotta have my Pops  bitch!"
"Gotta have my 90's"
"Please give this seat to the elderly or disabled."
"Always good to be nice"
"God doesn't make the world this way"
"my favorite part of watchmen"
"God doesn't make the world this way  we do. (x-post from r/Wallpapers)"
"1920x1080 Rorschach Quote"
"Walter Kovacs commentary in the 80's is just as relevant these days in light of the shootings"
"Today marks the 10th anniversary of Super Smash Bros. Melee!"
"What really ruined friendships"
"Claudia Mitchell - first woman to have a bionic arm - a prosthetic limb that she controls with her mind."
"This Picture."
"I don't think this is normal"
"I think she could make it to.....ummm...hustler?"
"now if only there was a version of this as to why people hate cats (not me)"
"Watch Movement Cufflinks. xpost from Watches"
"If you don't plan on sleeping tonight..."
"Casually browsing the internet when THIS ruins my day / life."
"Australians"
"The question that must be asked"
"He has come again! (as a jellyfish)"
"I'm a lumberjack and I'm O.K. &lt;NSFW&gt;"
"Trees + NSFW = WTF"
"Deforestation."
"This looks real safe"
"omg; popcorn."
"Pop'd kern"
"What? No. Why? This can't be real..."
"Is it just me or does it Sound a lot like taken...."
"Hey look  it's Google!"
"Stretching in China"
"A collage of why growing up in the 90s was the best."
"In honor of deer season a great Calvin and Hobbes."
"WTF"
"Come on... Really?"
"What the actual fuck?"
"I'm at a loss of words."
"My favorite moment in U.S. history. (FIXED)"
"I will never be this cool - on set with Sir Ian McKellen as Gandalf the Grey"
"How I feel as a Muslim recently"
"For some reason r/aww wasn't loving this Sloth as much as I do."
"How I correct people if they spell something wrong [FB]"
"There's only one ring of power  and it's not a purity ring"
"The truth!"
"All of the other Reindeer..."
"What I imagine hurricane sandy will be like in boston"
"Panda nursery"
"A pandafull of AWW!"
"Old School tools"
"Before I go to bed... here's a picture that's made me laugh so hard I actually cried. Enjoy! 'night ents!"
"Every fucking day!"
"I'm so fucking sick of these people.."
"My dream car costs $82 000"
"The Rapture. How it shall be. Courtesy of American Dad"
"Hadouken Fish!"
"Earth Lovin'"
"All across town"
"Actually went outside today and found this."
"This is a unique geological phenomenon known as Danxia landform. These phenomena can be observed in several places in China. This example is located in Zhangye  Province of Gansu. The color is the result of an accumulation for millions of years of red sandstone and other rocks."
"Happens to the best of us..."
"Home Sweet Home! Wait...WTF?"
"Nope!"
"Something witty relating to a recurring trend on Reddit"
"Translucent ants eat colored liquids"
"How people react when lifting my Scottish kilt during carnaval for giggles"
"When a NSFW post turns out to be NSFL"
"How I feel when a comment I made is downvoted to THE BOTTOM of a page."
"Realizing I missed my cake day the one day I didn't log on"
"After accidentally dipping my chip in extra spicy salsa..."
"Me and my friend trying to understand physics class"
"When my video game deficient mother tells my brother and i to go play our X station."
"A mild reaction to 2 girls 1 cup."
"Ooh  a box...AAHHhhhhh"
"A Pug on a Horse"
"My wife's friend breeds pugs. Without explanation  she put one on a horse."
"Here's a pug on a horse"
"I imagine this is what Napoleon looked like"
"A pug riding a horse"
"Ready to conquer the world"
"Pug on a horse"
"Don't Fuck With Me When I'm Doing Gorilla Stuff Bitches!"
"Take this SH!T"
"Fuck Da Police!"
"Gorilla Cricket!"
"Hank Hill"
"I read it in Hank Hills voice and just about pooped my pants from laughing."
"Hank's sex life..."
"Took a ride on chairlift - Imgur"
"I don't wanna disturb..."
"Oh you.."
"General sentiment when my comments get downvoted."
"General sentiment when my comments get downvoted."
"This explains why hl2eps3 isnt out yet... nsfw"
"Gabe Newell [NSFW]"
"For all those times you had a beard  but no t-shirt by which to measure it."
"Beard ruler shirt"
"My friend just updated his cover photo."
"My friend just updated his cover photo  thought you guys would enjoy it."
"Mein Kampfy Sled"
"It's..so....beautiful."
"My Mother's only reaction to this was &quot;But that's a toboggan... it's not even a blankie!&quot;"
"Why would you draw something like this"
"This Hitler just popped up on my newsfeed"
"Penis Head"
"What it's like to be under 21 on the weekends"
"Why has this never occurred to me?"
"Baseball level: Japan"
"Dog Riding Lawnmower"
"Introvert like a boss"
"Just recharging the battery"
"I want this man to pose in the background of every picture I take ever."
"Rejected"
"I guess beggars can be choosers"
"Rejected"
"That's otterly cute!"
"Shocked man is shocked."
"Best .gif ever (From a Kiss Cam during a sporting event)"
"How religious people feel visiting Reddit for the first time"
"Horrified homophobe is horrified"
"[]_[]"
"The reason I swear so much..."
"Why did I unfriend you on Facebook?"
"I love the outdoors"
"Self fan"
"Liking your own status on Facebook"
"Starting to review material from the beginning of the semester and..."
"What it feels like trying Windows 8 after using XP for ten years..."
"coming back to work after working from home all last week"
"Only 12 hours of sleep later.."
"Everytime I walk through Megaton in Fallout"
"Going over my Steam library a few weeks after the big sale."
"How I feel getting on Reddit for the first time all day today."
"Coming back to r/funny after a few days and seeing this &quot;Doomba&quot; crap."
"Logging on reddit lately..."
"Really guys..."
"Going back to work after a 4 day weekend."
"What's with all the butter pictures?"
"My Reaction to /r/gaming Today"
"Thousands of spiders climb a tree trying to escape flood waters. NOPE."
"I see your cloud tree and raise you... a spider tree"
"An unexpected side effect of the 2010 flooding in parts of Sindh  Pakistan  was that millions of spiders climbed up into the trees to escape the rising flood waters..."
"The Spiders in Sindh  Pakistan had to get creative to survive the massive floods in 2010."
"Come at...Come at me bro!"
"seems legit"
"Seems Safe To Me"
"Ghetto"
"Art of trolling"
"What?"
"Close call"
"Just one episode"
"How I deal with regret [fixed]"
"When I'm sad..."
"Found out my girlfriend cheated on me  this has become my new motto"
"Suck the solar system"
"Just 2 girls walking down the stairs  hypnotic...(maybe NSFW)"
"best room ever  growing up."
"Can we all just shut up and admit that this is the coolest secret room ever?"
"Every. Day."
"Browser requirements for my online class. It's going to be a long semester."
"I trusted youuu"
"Saw this on my new feed. Pregnant Hitler."
"&quot;Is it wrong to hate a certain race?&quot;"
"Hidden Cabin"
"Oh  you wanna wash your hands for longer than four seconds?"
"Damn faucet."
"Fuck places that have these in their restrooms."
"Dancin' spider (GIF)"
"Everybody is a better dancer in front of their own mirror."
"Fuck you I'm a spider"
"There you are!"
"These moves cannot be matched"
"I wake up to this view every morning."
"Not sure if a Gif."
"Anybody Else get these things? Why do they happen?"
"Get out my eyes!"
"Free baby with any kids meal order! Only at BK"
"mcdonalds - worth your first born"
"Atheist Drive-Through"
"Just thinking today  it's close to 5 years and I still miss this guy!"
"It's shit like this on Facebook...."
"This is wrong in so many levels"
"Stop using the wrong meme."
"So...Yeah. This is actually happening."
"Saw this on my fb feed...It has definitely gone too far"
"Why would anybody do this?"
"Success Kid FAIL."
"This Swedish McDonalds has a pretty clear employment policy."
"Anderson Cooper using a human shield"
"Like a boss"
"That's his eager face..."
"You know why I'm not afraid of dying?"
"Jim Jeffries pretty much nails life after death..."
"I'm a huge metal fan..."
"Air Five!"
"One of these is not like the other"
"Searched for 'metal photo'  wasn't disappointed."
"Just another fun day in Lordran"
"FoldFive's &quot;feature length&quot; pixelated and amimated gif of Raiders of the Lost Ark."
"Gimme back the bowl (x/post from r/funny)"
"Give my food bowl back!"
"2D in 3D"
"3d nes mario"
"Visited 4chan on a whim. This was the first thing I clicked on. [gif]"
"how I feel on my first cake day!"
"You Can't Escape Them."
"Couldn't be more true"
"I fucking hate these"
"He helped with that?"
"Found this gem on Google Images"
"I found this gem while doing research."
"Found this gem on Google earlier today"
"Found This Gem."
"Found a gem today"
"Baby elephants taking a bath"
"guys are you ready for christmas?"
"LOL!!!"
"0_o"
"Who the hell makes sculptures like this?"
"Sad and Inspiring at the Same Time"
"I want to play too"
"How to spot a redditor in the wild."
"Pretty hard to fuck up a sandwich. (FB)"
"Apex Predator"
"Bird of prey.. wait wth?!"
"Felix Baumgartner has been practicing since birth."
"Every time we walk out of the room"
"How I feel hooking my iPod up after taking shots at a party"
"Ants are fucking dicks."
"The Great War of 1914: An interpretation"
"Probably my all-time favourite wallpaper and surely the most expressive one"
"The Great War - 1914"
"Too soon?"
"Soo....I type &quot;how to get upvotes&quot; on google and this was the FIRST result"
"So... I type in &quot;how to get upvotes&quot; on google  and this is the first image...."
"Look at me  Hector."
"Business Cat is not happy with his employees."
"I need you to think outside the box..."
"I need you to stay late tonight."
"Now the Box smells like Poop!"
"My look on Orange juice commercials"
"Pelvic thrust  anyone?"
"Pelvic thrust  anyone? x-post gifs"
"An odd couple"
"Effectiveness of fighting cancer (chart) [FIXED]"
"Reversible Dog Cat!"
"awww didnt like this..."
"All dogs go to heaven."
"All dogs go to heaven* *depending on religion of choice"
"All Dogs Go To Heaven"
"How to troll a Presbyterian church"
"All rocks go to heaven."
"Church Fight"
"Meat Justin Bieber"
"Thugbob Sweatpants"
"She has a good point."
"Oh no you didn't!"
"Oh no she didn't"
"No bother given."
"Iron Man just doing his job."
"Ironman living up to his name"
"Iron Man"
"I'm just gonna put this here and never come back...."
"On my facebook feed..."
"Why I avoid Imgur comment sections"
"No... I clean"
"Oh Consuela"
"ITS ATHEISM BECAUSE HE CANT CLAP"
"Didn't expect something like this from Facebook"
"If You're Jesus And You Know It"
"Unusual Bowling"
"Not Bad"
"My response to the flame war against Motorcycles on r/askreddit"
"Chuck Norris!"
"When you proof read your paper"
"NO KITTY!"
"My head exploded with rage."
"This is pretty definitive I guess we were wrong."
"Hey guys. We've been proven wrong by water. Time to go home."
"Makes perfect sense"
"They proved us wrong guys  who's up for drinking some salt water?"
"Basically how i felt after seeing Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter"
"Girl collect menstrual blood in jar  uses it to make cookies. [FIXED]"
"my family dog finally learned how to use the stairs."
"Dog  that is NOT how you use the stairs."
"It is midnight of my real life cake day  this is how I feel"
"This made my day... x3"
"Found him like that."
"Kinky Cats"
"Cats really don't give a shit"
"My Axe!!"
"AND MY AXE"
"So I don't care for the holidays and my gf told me this is me!"
"In a one horse open nay..."
"Star wars edition"
"I was high on acid and..."
"Don't take acid in Northern Ireland..."
"Great Advert"
"Makes sense"
"And the moral of the story is...?"
"it's like a train wreck  i can't stop looking. NSFW"
"I don't even have a witty title for this..."
"Say CHEEEEEEESE!"
"The great wall... truly an amazing pic"
"Getting unexpected karma on a comment that I didn't think was that funny/clever/insightful"
"That moment when you find out a friend is a Redditor"
"Waking up to find my link karma has doubled and I'm on the front page of r/gifs."
"How I feel when my karma triples overnight."
"close to a hundred upvotes and this is dumb look on my face"
"Been listening to Nujabes tunes all weekend. This is how my ears feel right now:"
"When my favorite song comes on the radio"
"When I get more than the automatic upvote"
"When I noticed the reddit sticker on my new neighbor's car"
"When I noticed the reddit sticker on my new neighbor's car (x-post)"
"How I Felt Getting 600 Comment Karma On My First Day Of Reddit."
"I just found out we have Monday off."
"When I realize American redditors are waking up: &quot;Blue Links!&quot;"
"When I finish a series on Netflix just as they add another season to it."
"You know you're winning at Reddit when someone calls you a prepubescent girl for the first time!"
"Its my 22nd Birthday tomorrow! &lt;I'll be too busy to post Oct 1 so showing my excitement a day early&gt;&lt;repost I know..but I LOVE this gif&gt;"
"Did somebody say repost?"
"... And people think Americans are bad"
"Googled &quot;kill it with fire&quot; was not disappointed [Fixed]"
"I can never understand Japanese trends"
"Tortillas [NSFW]"
"Nigga got pants"
"curtains in the wind"
"Fuck sake 4chan  WTF."
"corn beef curtains. NSFW"
"Daddy's little girl"
"It's Leif Erikson Day!"
"just sheldon and amy.... being attractive and all."
"Holy shit  nature"
"True Power"
"That awkward moment when you realized you’ve spent your whole summer on the internet."
"A year on Reddit. So many hours wasted. So many late nights. All for nothing. And yet..."
"I cannot wait"
"Can you feel the suuun!"
"Why? For science  of course."
"Ferrofluid"
"Overcompensating for something?"
"impressive!"
"I think Netflix is broken..."
"A gift... the scariest face I can think of  for my favorite part of Reddit!"
"...Easter..."
"Coming home high and seeing your parents are still up."
"Nope"
"Darth Vader and Princess Leia"
"Roosevelt riding a moose in a river"
"The award for the most epic US president goes to..."
"Twitch_Romney.gif"
"Mitt ROMEAWAWAWAWAWA"
"Utterly terrifying"
"A redditor goes on a date"
"Kitty you're drunk  go home."
"Old news"
"elephant comes to drink at the same time as a flock of birds"
"Why I insist on putting my toilet paper on the &quot;wrong&quot; way"
"Why I insist on putting my toilet paper on the &quot;wrong&quot; way"
"Can you see me now?"
"Drake: “i quit  i quit.”"
"I see your snake eating a frog and frog eating a snake. I raise you a snake and frog eating each other."
"Come at me bro"
"Well At Least He Goes 100%"
"Business as usual"
"Wu Tang GTA"
"Elephant is the best around"
"Monday morning  8 am. [Fixed]"
"so close"
"I would definitely use this toilet.."
"This man is a genius!"
"My friends new kitten"
"Reddit  meet charlie!"
"Yes  Yes you do have a flavor  and it's cuteness."
"Cleaning time!"
"Wait for it... wait for it..."
"Me trying to get to the front page  so close.."
"The things that appear on my newsfeed..."
"Ha haaaah!"
"Bill Nye keeps it real."
"How to spot a meth lab."
"Probably the funniest tattoos I've ever seen"
"Dinosaurs are funny.......right?"
"I laughed way too hard at this."
"Shy walrus is shy"
"Happy birthday Walrus"
"Happy birthday  walrus!"
"searched &quot;r/wtf&quot; and found this. All i can say is  &quot;what the actual fuck?&quot;"
"That's enough internet for one day."
"Um...(NSFW/NSFL)"
"How I feel when I turn on my blinding bathroom light after sleeping for three hours."
"Saw this gem of an ad tonight  I just... I... what?"
"The ultimate Atheist-Christian resource"
"A general guide to debating for beginners. Some good info inside."
"The truth is never embarrassed by honest inquiry."
"Whack a kitten"
"Just a kitten in a tube"
"Trying to downvote cats."
"Can't touch this"
"Kitten Cannon cat doesn't want to play anymore"
"Peek-a-Boo."
"come pet me..NOPE!...seriously this time..NOPE!"
"Holding in a crap you really have to take"
"You can only pick one...I know which one I would choose"
"Choose only one!"
"This just melted my heart"
"What's cooking good-looking?"
"Sitting next to my friend in class when the professor tells us to pick project partners"
"What the hell?"
"Words do not describe this (NSFW)"
"Neo learns about reposts."
"Evolution of JGL"
"The evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt."
"The evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Looper"
"(Up)vote"
"Cutest UP costume. EVER."
"Hero"
"Your Favorite Family's 'Royal' Return ..."
"It's not terrorism..."
"ALLAH ACKBAR SWAG"
"Found this on facebook . Todays youth is just dumb"
"It's not terrorism if you have SWAG."
"Two generations in one photo"
"I hate to do this  man  but I can't take it anymore... (GIF)"
"When code compiles successfully at first attempt"
"When he whips out his badge..."
"driving at night can be confusing sometimes cause of this..."
"Am I the only one who always asks myself this?"
"Not sure if that boy ain't right or..."
"ALL FUCKING DAY"
"This is how I watched Immortals on Netflix last night..."
"First known picture of Michael Phelps"
"Micheal Phelps"
"1st Known Pic of Michael Phelps..."
"The first known picture of Michael Phelps"
"ALWAYS the fastest swimmer"
"What can I say? It's my best friend..."
"What can I say? It's my best friend..."
"Still the funniest GIF I have come across ever."
"thug life"
"Soon"
"Psycho seal?"
"Boo  did I scare you"
"It's a Thorgi."
"Thorgi"
"Found this in my newsfeed. There might be hope to facebook after all."
"My vote for best face swap."
"Two thumbs up!"
"I think he wants to go out."
"What the fuck?"
"Optimus Prime does what any redditor would do..."
"Popped up on the IMBD website."
"Adventure Time?"
"Party in the Land Of Ooo"
"Follow the red dot."
"Googled something reddit would like..."
"Enjoy trying to sleep tonight..."
"So I found this at my local WalMart..."
"I used to look up to this guy when I was younger."
"Who else remembers playing with the greatest sports athlete of all time?"
"No  they aren't"
"Why Buddhism is bullshit."
"McDonald's on shore drive in Virginia Beach during Sandy."
"VA Beach courtesy of Sandy...Ronald McDonald goes for a swim."
"The Original Willow Smith (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Any love for a happy Catfish?"
"Something wicked this way comes (Pic. X-post from /r/WTF"
"Snoop DOG"
"My friend watches Jenna Marbles  so this is what i sent him"
"I typed in &quot;Kung-Fu Master&quot; on Google and this is one of the first things to come up."
"It all makes sense now."
"Why not to do drugs."
"Am I the only one who misses this game?"
"I just googled &quot;Idiosyncrasy&quot;..."
"So I looked up &quot;idiosyncrasy&quot; on Wikipedia..."
"Oh Jew! (x-post from ImGoingToHellForThis)"
"I am submitting this for my own record. Do not upvote."
"Good advice."
"How I feel when class is cancelled"
"Yea.. basically that"
"My Fav Pic"
"Meanwhile  on the Internet"
"Oh...hooray."
"My new favourite gif."
"Brother posts sisters &quot;list&quot; on fb"
"A vagina from a gay man’s perspective"
"hhhnnnnnnnng NOPE"
"girl you looks good wont you back dat ass up (sfw)"
"Don't Stop."
"I fucking love jam"
"Think your job is bad? (xpost from /r/funny)"
"You think your job is bad? Xpost from /r/funny"
"*Gasp!* I just saw the AT&amp;T commercial on television for the first time!"
"When the original post and the fixed post are on the same page"
"X Factor"
"As my karma approaches 1000"
"How I felt today when my comment karma quardupled"
"Logged into Reddit and saw that one of my posts has finally struck Karma gold"
"Before and After the Steam Sale"
"What it felt like watching Curiosity land on Mars on my Cake Day."
"My face  as a red blooded heterosexual male  when the Spice Girls reunited at the closing ceremonies"
"How I felt when I realized that 4/20 this year lands on a Saturday"
"Whenever one of my posts get more than 10 upvotes."
"MFW school is cancelled on the due date of a project I procrastinated the SHIT out of"
"Juice"
"It all makes sense"
"We have all seen the sneezing panda video. This is in my opinion the best .gif of it."
"taking the girlfriend to a fancy restaurant"
"I paid what!? (gif)"
"Some of my artwork. What does reddit think?"
"Some of my artwork. What does reddit think?"
"This hits home for me"
"What we must never forget on Remembrance Day"
"He's the only one who understands..."
"Found this while cleaning my computer today.. Cute couple?"
"B-52 Stratofortress on routine mission over the Pacific - Nov. 12  2008 [2560x1600]"
"B-52 Stratofortress"
"What is Love on a Boat"
"This dog"
"The cloud tree"
"Annnnnd...that's enough internet for today."
"lol wut."
"When my ex says  &quot;but I still want to be friends.&quot;"
"Bugs"
"Eat your bugs"
"KNEEL BEFORE YOUR GOD"
"Kneel before your god!"
"Who thought of this name?"
"4chan on making model helicopters"
"Model helicopter"
"Always makes me laugh"
"Amazing puppy face of a raccoon!"
"Sir... It was raining and it's cold  may I ask if you have anything to eat?"
"I didn't see you at the camouflage practice today! Army Trolling"
"Ariana Grande from Victorious"
"Finals Motivation"
"my favourite desktop background..might be useful too"
"It's gonna be fucking HOT on Tuesday."
"Life before Google."
"Life before google"
"What did people use before google?"
"And nearly all of them are pets."
"This is Australia"
"How most people feel about their jobs."
"my new favorite face swap"
"Still my favorite face swap."
"So I was on the bus today..."
"Freaky Dog Man"
"When people tell me Reddit is &quot;stupid&quot;"
"Parkour!!!!!!!"
"I saw this last year  but I still laugh every time."
"gymnastics good"
"Just Hold Still"
"I see your 4' earth worm and raise you a penis snake."
"amazing photo of almost 2 000 canoes setting a world record on Fourth Lake in New York's adirondacks. taken by Nancie Battaglia"
"All I could think of when I saw this.."
"World Record for &quot;largest raft.&quot; They grabbed eachother's arms and linked themselves together. There's a total of 1902"
"It's their cakeday...wheres my karma?!?"
"When someone takes some of my food"
"It's been just over 11 years since I saw this  and it gets me every time."
"Of all the stupid HD re-releases/remakes... this trilogy is the one I really want."
"This guy still deserves a sequel!"
"Never ending fear due to this fucker."
"Tiny sleeping puppies."
"Googled &quot;well that&quot; and this is what it gave me. Didn't see it ending that way."
"I ain't got time for bitches  I gotta keep my mind on all my compositions."
"Keep it gangsta Bach"
"MacGyver Action Kit"
"Awesome Clock Design"
"An awesome clock concept!!"
"The Greatest clock"
"You're so not invited to my birthday party!"
"How I became a pirate"
"Here I go"
"Flying Peocock"
"A Peacock In Flight."
"A rare image of a flying peacock"
"My response to a good post"
"If your gif is not a repost and the context is perfect."
"Whenever I see an upvote gif"
"Whenever I see an obvious repost with a witty new title which made me laugh."
"Does anyone have the original gif without the upvote?"
"Creationism-because science doesn't make sense."
"Jasper discovers reddit"
"The Translucent Jewel Caterpillar"
"Northern Lights and Milky Way  near the North Pole."
"How I feel coming back to reddit not knowing who POLITE_ALLCAPS_GUY and ANDREWSMITH1986 are"
"I don't keep track of what I like to call 'mainstream media' (the whole Ron Swanson thing  politics  world news  etc). Lately I've been feeling guilty for now knowing  and feeling like this"
"Can't. Stop. Watching........ just goes round round"
"Dominoes"
"Dominoes..."
"domino go round."
"You Spin Me Right Round"
"How I feel opening comments on some posts."
"Logging into facebook on 9/11"
"So I went on r/spacedicks for the first time today..."
"I just went on facebook for the first time in months"
"I checked out Digg today..."
"As it happens  it was a gay bar."
"What happens when I accidentally walk into the bra section of Walmart."
"Tuning into the Olympic's Closing Ceremony an seeing One Direction"
"Opening /WTF links"
"Walking in on parent's sexytimes.."
"Death Metal made me do it."
"Quack quack."
"This has to hurt... A lot. (very NSFW)"
"Doing something right"
"How the GOP looks when it insists that it didn't lose to the issues."
"Maybe you guys will enjoy this more than r/adviceanimals."
"Scumbag redditor"
"Nailed it"
"iPhones"
"Sadly speaking from experience"
"How I feel starting P90x after hibernating through spring."
"Went to Breakfast this morning."
"Dwarf Fortress is a VERY complex game."
"WoW: So last night I was in a dungeon group with two people who spoke French"
"Great advice for those thinking about starting."
"I learned the hard way..."
"My friend introduced me to TF2 today with one piece of advice.."
"Life lessons in SLENDER"
"This is how I felt joining the military at 18 and not being able to drink any alcohol..."
"if you're on reddit promoting religion..."
"We've all been there"
"New to Reddit. I don't own a cat and I'm not an atheist. I don't have a cool job and I don't have a girlfriend who makes me cool stuff. I don't smoke weed  I have no awesome photography skills and I don't own Diablo 3."
"Romney style"
"Whenever things aren't going my way in a conversation"
"When people don't respond to my texts."
"I've been watching this guys show for a while. There is no way I'm ever going in a tropical river."
"1954 - Miss Universe Beauty Pageant - Miss New Zealand faints under the hot sun of Long Beach  California."
"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!"
"This is pretty much the worst video ever made"
"And Not a Single Fuck Was Given That Day"
"This is one badass way to ride the train"
"Confused now"
"Just the mailman delivering the mail"
"The Mailman"
"This guy reminds me of my 9th grade science teacher."
"Still my favorite picture on the internet."
"I'm trying to think!"
"Every time I try to solve a problem and someone interrupts me."
"In honor of Canada Day  America: Canada's Shorts"
"Canada's shorts"
"Canada's Shorts (x-post from /r/Canada)"
"MFW the shrooms kick in."
"The first time I took LSD"
"Speaking of roots... The original man of WTF"
"This is America!"
"What its like watching Lesbian Squirting porn...(SFW)"
"This is how I feel about the future of the US right now.../sigh"
"Troll Seal"
"Fuck the police..literally"
"Does this belong here..?"
"Fuck the police!"
"Fuck the police!"
"Police Mishap"
"No really... Fuck the police"
"Fuck the police [NSFW]"
"Surprise Adoption"
"And a candy coated teddy bear for you!"
"I prefer &quot;Suprise adoption&quot;"
"Dog sleeping in the Heather"
"Ahhh..."
"Good Wolf"
"Someone must be tired"
"Aaaahhh..."
"Ahhhh..."
"saving private bozo"
"With a username like mine  this is how I feel trying to be serious on Reddit..."
"Is War Always This Fun?"
"He almost got away"
"Got it!"
"American History X - the game"
"When movie tie-in games go too far..."
"Fun for the whole family..."
"I imagine this wouldn't be so family-friendly"
"Sick of Reposts? {OC}"
"Delusion"
"John Lennon Snorting Coke"
"#YOKO"
"And here is Batman on an elephant. That is all."
"Adam West  why are you so badass?"
"A Winter Wonderland"
"Meanwhile in Flagstaff"
"Simply genious."
"For every upvote  I will donate 10 cents to Doctors Without Borders  up to $350 maximum  and post proof. Come on r/Atheism  let's make a difference!"
"how the internet feels about religion"
"The problem with asking the internet."
"A little harsh today  are we?"
"Well statistically speaking..."
"The internet is positive of... OH HELLS NO"
"My Faith in Humanity is Restored."
"The internet is very positive about Hitler"
"Now that is nuts...."
"He has guts."
"On the edge of the Earth"
"Walking along the top of a mountain"
"The History of Man..."
"They look like a nice couple"
"How I feel after opening up Reddit"
"So I was revising for an exam when..."
"I burned my finger &amp; it kind of looks like a penis"
"I burned my finger and it kind of looks like a penis"
"Is she freaking serious!!"
"so I decided to cut my own hair..."
"When I decided to wear jeans in the summer in the south"
"Looking at the comment section of CNN's &quot;Curiosity&quot; story"
"Made a drunk run to the corner store. Grabbed a tallboy of PBR.After I'd paid and left  realized it was Natty Light."
"Realizing you have to clean up after a water balloon fight."
"Todd Akin right now."
"When you tell people you got addicted to reddit who don't know what reddit is."
"Every Time I Fart In The Shower"
"Just found a reason why 'Oral' and 'Anal' need to be typed in huge red letters on thermometers"
"After I bought a bag of candy  an learned what &quot;castoreum&quot; was."
"After my comment gets more downvotes than I have karma"
"Tick-Tock upon the clock"
"So hail me perhaps?"
"How i feel waking up at a friends house"
"This is how I feel having just verged into spacedicks."
"After going to a party and not coming home"
"After scrolling through 30 pages of r/funny"
"When you wake up after a party"
"Reddit after un-installing Reddit Enhancement Suite."
"I know that smell... (sorry for the shitty quality)"
"Got told I 'was not aesthetic enough' for a job. My Reaction?..."
"What it's like as a male in a r/TwoXchromosomes thread (fixed)"
"Signs signs everywhere theres signs. Fuckin up the scenery  breakin my mind"
"If you lined up all my attempts to get to the front page  they would look like this."
"If you lined up all my attempts to get to the front page  they would look like this."
"How I felt after my first post on Reddit"
"Google+"
"Mp3 players are getting smaller and smaller"
"This guy"
"Meanwhile in India...."
"Because fuck iPods  that's why."
"Ignore that this Is a repost and concentrate on the pile of bacon beside him"
"Well fuck you cat."
"The costume is so uncomfortable for this cat"
"Bumble Bee Rollin' Out"
"Favourite gif"
"Open wide"
"Well that puts things in a new perspective..."
"Highception"
"This is what halloween is all about..."
"I convinced my girlfriend and her friends to dress as #1"
"New age office workers"
"The original OAG of the 90s"
"What I want to do whenever my girlfriend talks about horoscopes."
"Monkey-Raccoon space program"
"The Intrepid Explorer."
"men know how to handle situations better"
"How I feel after eating a 1/2 LB Reese's peanut butter cup"
"Dave Grohl on staying grounded."
"David Grohl on being grounded."
"It's ok  the Dog's gone now"
"&quot;I love you"
"Honey you don't need karma"
"Who has more Karma than me?"
"Hey  you know who was great in TDKR?"
"Kenyan man fakes birth certificate  runs for public office  wins and poses with confused american for sweet socialist karma."
"When I run."
"When I run..."
"Krakatoa through driftwood."
"Searching Nick Cage..."
"I can't help it  it's just how I feel."
"You. Yes you!"
"Does she at least get paid for this..?"
"I wish I could say &quot;this is photoshopped&quot;"
"Oreoquanda"
"Cat vs Dog"
"How I feel when I win an argument"
"Happy 10th Birthday to one of my favorite gaming franchises"
"Deeper into the Matrix we go [tempo win]"
"Ancient Alien Deathray"
"How I feel about reposts"
"Do's and Dont's of Parenting"
"Justice is served..."
"Haters gonna hate"
"How I feel when people complain"
"They are on a boat"
"The driver has no fucks to give."
"OH SHIT! OH SHIT! OH SHIT!"
"CRASH said the wave"
"We're on a boat"
"Shaken  not stirred."
"Uncanny resemblance"
"Jeremy Renner = grumpy cat!!! You will never watch Avengers or the new Bourne the same again..."
"Why I still use the Oxford Comma [Fixed]"
"Why I Still Use the Oxford Comma [FIXED]"
"The Oxford Comma"
"Oxford Commas have saved us"
"And they say he isn't beautiful"
"After page 3 of /r/gonewild"
"It's the time of the year to Brace Yourself..."
"It has already begun...."
"Now that nice weather is here"
"How I Feel Posting Something On Reddit"
"The upside to visiting my family on Easter..."
"Midwest  brace yourselves."
"Apologies for all non Americans"
"Only 30 000 left."
"Brace yourselves..."
"The next couple of hours on Reddit..."
"All of Reddit right now."
"Isn't (s)he the cutest???"
"My boyfriends cat nugget"
"It's father's day and Dad won't answer the phone."
"How i feel about Reddit after a string of unsuccessful posts."
"Tijuana meets San Diego"
"The U.S. – Mexico Border"
"I laughed half an hour with this"
"Swag activated."
"When the [fixed] version of my post gets more karma than I did. [fixed]"
"Excuse me could you play that lil wayne song again?"
"Swagfag suffering from retardation."
"so my brother came home with a yolo shirt today...."
"You lookin at ME?!"
"Redneck high dive"
"My Father Would Decimate Your Father..."
"Meanwhile in Texas..."
"Seriously"
"Who needs em?"
"He looks suspicious..."
"Found this in a &quot;Got Junk&quot; bin at work..."
"Water so clear  it looks like air."
"Oh  Taco Bell. Why you so cheesy?"
"Neighborhood Watch Program"
"The wise words of Jack Black"
"probably true"
"Bertrand Russell On The Paradox of Fools And Wise Men"
"*Clap* *Clap* *Clap*"
"I would just like to remind everyone of this great quote and to stick up for yourselves out there  too few people will do it for you. Don't let yourself be your biggest obstacle."
"Bertrand Russel on fanaticism and wisdom"
"So true."
"So my friend bought some expired milk..."
"Well  then..."
"I see your rower's hand and ballerina's feet and raise you a lawyer's heart"
"[repost] haha..."
"Had no power all weekend  but still had a good time. I took this picture to share."
"What I see when I stand up too quickly"
"This is about as 'Aww' as fish get  imo"
"Power was out all weekend  but I still had a good time. Took this picture as proof."
"Chug chug chug!"
"this pigeon is a straight bad ass"
"This is just pure evil"
"50 Shades of..."
"50 shades of..."
"Found this in the library  seems thrilling."
"I want to read this book..."
"Some people just want to watch the world burn."
"Hypnotoad in the wild"
"Pop-Up Fireworks"
"not a bad gif..."
"When your Ex starts a new relationship before you"
"When your Ex starts a new relationship before you (x-post from r/ gifs)"
"I'd like to kill Everybody in the world"
"How I feel when I see people partying and I still have an exam left"
"I introduced a friend to reddit and he has surpassed me in karma. This is how I feel."
"I was looking up &quot;cute rat&quot; on Google and found this adorable picture."
"Oops  um uh... I'll just go now"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"Just a kitten in some snow..."
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"Just Start Walking!"
"Today is the day we take the stairs."
"Today is the day..."
"Troll Elevator"
"Most Expensive dog in the world sold at 1.5 million dollars. The Red Tibetan Mastiff."
"I work at Mcdonald's and this is my face when someone asks me if I put napkins in their bag."
"When ever my wife asks me if I want to go with her to Victoria Secret."
"How I feel when a friend tries to act out a meme I've never seen."
"Vegan?"
"Na nanananananana KATAMARI DAMACY~!"
"Kitty treadmill"
"It's your Cake Day? Fire up the Karma Generators!"
"Quitting Facebook"
"Iron Man 3 Revealed"
"How I feel about Doombas"
"At least his tattoo is accurate [NSFW][NSFL]"
"At least his tattoo is accurate. [NSFW]"
"Saw this in my Newsfeed... guess he messed with the wrong guy."
"His chest tattoo says it all [a bit of gore]"
"His tattoo speaks the truth!"
"Googled Arnold Schwarzenegger  was not disappointed."
"The Dark Knight Converts"
"Apparently bottled water is the spawn of Satan - not sure is serious or not"
"Bottled Water facts that Science WON'T tell you!"
"Saw this in r/funny  thought it belonged here..."
"These are the BREAKS!"
"Am I the only one who is able to see a face on the guy to the right?"
"How i picture X-Box live trashtalkers"
"This is how I usually fight video game bosses [x-post from r/funny]"
"Dark Souls combat summed up in one gif."
"Do A Barrel Roll!"
"I'm so sorry..."
"...There we are."
"If browsers were a sitcom..."
"Browsers..."
"There's always an idiot in every group."
"I laughed too hard at this"
"Any vegetarians out there? We didn't forget about you."
"/r/gaming lately."
"Just a giraffe lickin' a squirrel"
"Now kiss... Yay!"
"Giraffe and Squirrel"
"Just a giraffe &amp; a squirrel"
"You got a little something there"
"My friends and I when we have no one to dance with at prom."
"What does it take to get a walk around here. (Cake Day)"
"56 Years Of Tornado Tracks In America"
"Such a heartwarming movie poster"
"This might be the greatest picture ever taken inside a bar"
"As much charisma as can be fit into one photo"
"Just some guys"
"To be a fly on the wall in this bar"
"I imagine that this was the best joke ever told."
"Another poncho badass"
"He makes a poncho look badass [FIXED]"
"He Makes a poncho look badass[Fixed]"
"He makes a poncho looks badass [FIXED]"
"My response to he makes a poncho look bad ass"
"The original  and much more bad ass  poncho wearer."
"What is this I don't even"
"Lovely puking skull art by graf writer  Typoe."
"Be hard to work here and not laugh everyday."
"Oppa Gangnam WOOOOAAAHHH"
"Sheep hurrdurr"
"How I feel when my very first post on my cake day is instantly downvoted."
"We've all felt like this"
"Katy Perry = Paula Deen"
"The weirdest positioned cat I have ever seen."
"Lamp powered by 300 live apples!"
"30 apples lighting up one lamp"
"BOOM!"
"&quot;I will suck it.&quot;"
"Crash  Smash. Cycle of life. [647x485]"
"My reaction when I heard"
"r/space this morning"
"My history professor said that if he made a rap album this would be the cover."
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"
"the verison wireless guys dog"
"A thousand times  yes."
"Sexy Hula-Hoop [nsfw]"
"Owl HIGH as FUCK"
"Of all the things you can do while not wearing pants..."
"No thank you. I'll just meet you guys back in the car."
"Who do you think is going to clean that shit up  advertisers?"
"Why are you still pouring?"
"Every advert for a drink ever  why??"
"Every time I see an orange juice commercial."
"One of the first pictures that made me cry because i laughed so hard"
"Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!"
"Boris dancing to The Spice Girls"
"Boris Johnson dancing"
"Boris dancing to the Spice Girls (GIF)"
"I present to you ... the Mayor of London"
"Boris Johnson dancing to Spice Girls"
"Boris Bloody Johnson"
"Prime Minister and London Mayor bopping to the Spice Girls"
"Boris Johnson - Mayor of London"
"Bet Obama can't dance like this"
"Boris Johnson  mayor of London."
"Boris Johnson dancing during the Olympics closing ceremony"
"At least Boris Johnson had a good time."
"Best moment of the Olympic ceremony."
"Boris Johnson and David Cameron dancing st the Olympics."
"Yes  that is the Mayor of London."
"And this is the major of London"
"Boris you legend!"
"The Mayor of London dancing to the Spice Girls at the Olympic Closing Ceremony"
"London Mayor Boris Johnson dancing to the Spice Girls at the Olympics"
"Boris shaking it to the Spice Girls"
"Brois Johnson and David Cameron dancing to the Spice Girls. Why has this country not been nuked yet?!"
"How I feel as a European right now.."
"Japan + out of context = huh?"
"Can someone lend me 4 collie dogs."
"How gaming in bed used to happen..."
"Military statistics graffiti"
"You sure that's the kind of party you want in your mouth?"
"Oh dear god..."
"Welcome to russia?"
"What is this? I don't even..."
"Have a good day"
"This only happens to Josh."
"Gosh  I miss this show"
"Have a good day"
"Always cracks me up"
"No words"
"But it's true"
"still makes me giggle..."
"still makes me giggle..."
"They all face the same way except Lincoln... laugh  then feel bad... (apparently the source is cartoonist Jim Benton  but I couldn't find it on his website...)"
"I guess you never really get over it"
"Getting assassinated is a pretty traumatizing experience."
"Perspective"
"OK mother  i'll take out the tra....OH WHAT THE FUCK"
"When i see my friends the morning after their birthday parties."
"MFW someones answer on Yahoo answers solves my problem"
"Playing spin the bottle and the bottle lands on an ugly girl  but my friend calls a re-do because it was an in-betweener"
"Magikarp BITCH!"
"An eruption of solar material  known as a coronal mass ejection (CME)  shoots off into space"
"Look what I made!"
"Don't Look Down."
"Houston  we have a problem."
"Driver plows through Critical Mass riders"
"What a wonderful day for a lovely bike ri- OH DEAR GOD WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK"
"WTF... crosspost from /r/bicycling"
"When my first upload gets 0 karma"
"What I feel when a christian says that I will burn in hell for all eternity"
"My sex life"
"Drunk Sex"
"It's incredible how in-sync they are"
"All shopping carts should have these"
"You could say I'm nervous about my first submission..."
"Boop!"
"Cutest Bunny Duo Ever!"
"He wasn't handed the deathstar"
"The force is strong with this one"
"The Original Inception"
"The original Red Box."
"got the band director job i wanted today and was like"
"kiss kiss kiss"
"My collection of cuteness"
"I feel this way whenever I post something to trees"
"Megan Ganz (writer for &quot;Community&quot;) posted this on Twitter last night. Meet Delmar!"
"Delmar: The Life  the Legend"
"Ten points for Gryffindor"
"Hot damn"
"Horny Snape"
"Cat Clouds"
"Bullets"
"INCOMING!!! — Cute Overload"
"How I feel about tonight's award show..."
"Ghetto pool party."
"Felix Baumgartner jumping from the Red Bull Stratos...one error and his blood would boil and his brain would explode"
"Felix Baumgartner about to jump from the edge of space."
"Balls of steel"
"Beautiful picture of Felix Baumgartner a moment before jump. High-res  large pic."
"Felix Baumgartner about to jump from the edge of space."
"Picture of Felix Baumgartner just before his jump towards earth."
"Just Felix Baumgartner before the jump.."
"Amazing picture of Felix Baumgartner standing at the edge of the world."
"I can see my house from here"
"Typical..."
"128 057ft"
"The Freefall"
"Felix Baumgartner just before his jump. A great day for scientific achievement."
"Amazing photo just before the jump [ Red bull Stratos ]"
"Felix Baumgartner about to jump from 128 000 ft."
"At the edge of space"
"Felix Baumgartner's Record-Breaking Parachute Jump"
"Just captured moments before the jump!"
"&quot;Sometimes you have to go up high to understand how small you are&quot;"
"‎&quot;Sometimes you have to go up high to understand how small you are&quot;"
"How Godzilla has been created"
"How GodZilla was made"
"You'll be the Cock of the Walk"
"Cock of the walk"
"Cock of the Walk"
"When I come home from a long day at work."
"And they said Chic-fil-a was against this sort of thing."
"Takes longer since I'm a boy?"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"I'm itching to play Battlefield 3  but my glasses broke last night. I feel a lot like this guy."
"I'm sure he'd have been a Redditor too.."
"Cobain with a kitten"
"Glasswinged Butterfly"
"Last chance Jesus!"
"Last chance jesus (Xpost from R/funny)"
"This actually works!!!"
"The incontestable proof that men evolved from monkeys"
"Bird Feeds Dog"
"Teamwork (x-post r/funny)"
"When a angry mom comes looking for you at your friends house"
"He shouldn't have posted his phone number online (pic)"
"Apparently today is national re-post day  so I'm just chipping in..."
"Cousin gave out his phone number on Facebook... (x-post from r/cats)"
"After my finals are over and no longer need my notes."
"unfortunately what my brain does at the end of a semester"
"A monkey giving a cat a massage."
"He just wanted to Party!"
"Bubble beats bb"
"Shut the fuck up Tony."
"This killed me."
"Beauty cat"
"Fabulous"
"friend's dog sleeping..."
"Penis Puppy [SFW]"
"furry wiener dog"
"A safe for work dog penis."
"Get your mind out of the gutter  internet  it's just a puppy."
"Pussy penis"
"So my manager asked me to whip up something &quot;awesome&quot; for the special board..."
"I want to eat there!"
"Caterpillar climbing infinitely"
"I really hope that's a typo."
"Obi-Wan is a Truther"
"This is how 9/11 truthers think"
"The more you think about it..."
"Biebermania! (NSFW)"
"World's biggest Justin Bieber fan"
"Why? Just why?"
"Meet Justin Bieber's #1 fan! (NSFW)"
"Bieber fans"
"Just a baby alpaca"
"Like a Boss"
"Can you do this?"
"In honor of the 2012 World Series  The Bat Master."
"City of London from the airplane window"
"The day the world legalizes Marijuana"
"Why didn't I think of this as a kid..."
"MR.Roboto"
"Gentlemen  start your engines."
"Christina Hendricks and Alison Brie"
"Kid Sucker Punch"
"and did you notice the eyebrow whiskers?"
"Just a kitten with a mustache..."
"I mustache you a question..."
"Saw this guy on my news feed this morning"
"Fucking Commies!"
"The Fuck  Russia?"
".....yep."
"A majestic sea creature"
"Found this in an unrelated Google image search"
"Big Joe Doesn't Look Happy"
"This was on my girlfriend's Facebook feed..."
"Why...."
"I also Googled ' I was not disappointed'  and was not disappointed at all."
"Behold  FLIPPERBOOBIES!!!! (NSFW) (For the Roots campaign)"
"O Noes!"
"Teen Titan Beastboy reading comic Hot... wait  wtf?"
"No trespassing..."
"Made it just in time"
"Jimmy Hendrix Experience"
"Story of my life"
"Typed in &quot;Saddest picture on the internet&quot;.. Bet she pussied out on the &quot;You&quot;."
"Every day I'm puffinin'..."
"Just a pondering puffin"
"Take a wash and be inspired?"
"Martin Loofah King"
"So this exists."
"Oh dollar store"
"B&amp;Q  for all your supremacist needs."
"E.T. Phawwn Hawwm"
"How i feel on most Sundays"
"I feel it."
"That feel when end of two month tolerance break"
"alcohol is good"
"Reason to drink beer"
"I know how it feels now"
"kill me...please"
"I love this comic"
"Hunter S. Thompson shaving Johnny Depp's head. That is all."
"I think I prefer him WITH the moustache"
"5 Simple Steps"
"Moses VS Jesus"
"You know when you're in Texas when.."
"A BBQ grill suitable for Ron Swanson"
"Magdeburg Water Bridge is pretty mind-blowing."
"The Magdeburg Water Bridge"
"A river over a river"
"Water under the bridge...wait."
"best face swap [fixed]"
"The Obamas."
"MIND = BLOWN (Adobe DeBlur Technology)"
"MIND = BLOWN (Adobe DeBlur Technology)"
"Now that's a hit"
"Ouch..."
"I didnt choose the thug 2 life  the thug 2 life chose me"
"Working your paws to the bone."
"This is how Reddit was created."
"Truthful Picture is Truthful"
"Copy-cat"
"Whenever I lay my head on my girlfriend's chest."
"Nagasaki Before and After the Atomic Bomb"
"Nagasaki Before and After"
"Anonymous cat is anonymous."
"SAP Level: YouTuber"
"Merica"
"Don't stop"
"I will never drink a bottle of water the same..."
"I don't think I'm thirsty anymore"
"I'd hit it"
"I can't imagine any girl that wouldn't want a piece of THIS guy"
"the resemblance is uncanny"
"This always makes me laugh."
"Damn right he doesn't!"
"When I have a small party and uninvited guests I don't like walk in."
"When I have a small party and uninvited guests I don't like walk in."
"How it feels going back to school and seeing my classmates"
"F*ck Floodwater!"
"I need to try this."
"Slick!"
"So I met OAG today..."
"Spider buries itself"
"This is a daily occurrence for me. Anyone else?"
"What have you done to me  Reddit?"
"Every time..."
"SAP at the store"
"Impromptu College Reunion for Socially Awkward Penguin!"
"I disappoint myself sometimes."
"How I feel inside when I see something Christmas-related on Reddit....."
"After missing last Christmas and being gone for almost an entire year due to being in the military this is how I feel about going home in 11 days."
"Whenever I wake up with more Karma then I fell asleep with"
"Guilt trip Reddit"
"Zebra Sunset [1920×1200]"
"Zebra Sunset [1920×1200]"
"Hipster dog is hipster"
"Thats not how you high five someone..."
"That isn't how you high five someone..."
"Ever think about that  huh?"
"The other side of the argument"
"A comparison of huge video game map sizes. I had no idea The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall's map size was this huge."
"The bane of my childhood gaming career"
"Happened the other day"
"A backflip? Yeah I can d... OH Shit!"
"Most graceful horse ever (ex-post from r/gifs)"
"CLOP cosplay"
"&quot;Onward my steed  to the front page!&quot;"
"i can play this game"
"Tell 'em  Spidey!"
"Who said weasels weren't cute?"
"Stoat"
"What the toilet feels like during winter"
"world's coolest toilet"
"What the fuck did I just watch."
"I...I just browsed 4chan for the first time. I... wha... what do I do now? NSFW"
"I don't even.. it just keeps going..."
"Every time I buy gas"
"This belongs here! (.gif)"
"Why do i have horns"
"Animal Crossing"
"Baatara Gorge Waterfall  Earth"
"Balaa Gorge Waterfall - [914x1584]"
"Baatara Gorge Waterfall - Lebanon"
"Wall-E + Aliens ="
"Now that's an unfortunate name."
"Just another normal employee at the Apple Store... wait what?"
"And you wonder why Samsung copied all of Apple's designs..."
"Oh the irony of it all"
"Inspirational wallpaper"
"r/quotesporn didn't like it. Guess I misunderstood something"
"oh algebra."
"One creepy pig."
"What I look like blowing a kiss"
"Why Batman doesnt need powers"
"Batman fighting a shark with a lightsaber...uhh"
"Unintentional Jesus photobomb!"
"Unintentional Jesus photobomb!"
"Chicago at night  by National Geographic photographer Jim Richardson"
"Aerial View of Chicago by Night"
"The Boshtrich!"
"Every night."
"I hate sleep"
"Atheistzilla. Thought this belonged here. Sorry if repost."
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus!"
"Jesus devoutly polishes his balls."
"Anyone Else Watch The Last Supper Bowl? Come On Jesus!!!!"
"Just cleaning my ball..."
"My favorite painting of Jesus."
"NOBODY Fucks with the Jesus!"
"Nobody Fucks with The Jesus' Last Supper"
"just Jesus."
"I ain't going back to daycare."
"Smoke Break"
"I locked myself out again..."
"The cuteness...i can't control!"
"Flight of the Sandstorm"
"Usain Bolt vs The Incredibles."
"Usain Bolt vs The Incredibles."
"Dolomites  Northern Italy  Europe"
"The Dolomites in Italy"
"The world most difficult football (soccer) field"
"The Dolomites in Italy [Fixed]"
"The Dolemites in Italy [fixed]"
"The Dolomites in Italy"
"That's how pandas made"
"Oh  so that's how pandas are made!"
"Spider Crab Shedding its shell -- NOPE!"
"I didn't expect anything good to come from this. Yikes."
"Yeehaw!"
"This guy know what the fuck he is doing."
"Redneck waterskiing"
"Mobile Hoarding (X-post from WTF)"
"What I like to think happened when god created me"
"my iguana bubbles"
"iguana bathtub fart"
"Oh Iguanas"
"1dog1laptop"
"I don't get it"
"Am I doing it right?"
"College students will get this"
"Another reason to take him less seriously"
"One day..."
"mmm... delicious?"
"It goes great with everything!"
"Log-Floom Troll."
"How I feel walking around campus on Sunday morning"
"How I feel on reddit during the superbowl"
"Forever alone pillow"
"Forever alone pillow"
"If everything was shifting  all the time."
"Things change. (Post from WTF)"
"Whatever. Moving On. (xpost /r/wtf)"
"Still waiting...."
"like a boss."
"Don't mind me."
"Nope"
"I have no idea if this has been posted before but i couldn't help myself..."
"Baby Otters So Cute...."
"Look at those chunky cheeks!"
"Jeremey Clarkson driving an 18-wheeler."
"So happy  Oh so happy"
"Ride the steam wave  ooo shiiit"
"Error  Error  Error"
"Summer sale brings out weird sleep patterns.."
"'90s Nostalgia"
"Disappointed Cosby"
"Almost put this in r/atheism!!"
"One of the best Calvin and Hobbes"
"lsd kitty"
"Douchebag Partner."
"IPhone 5"
"My reaction to my boyfriend telling me that sneezing is like cumming with your nose."
"Troll your Facebook friends with a new profile pic."
"Found Facebook Gold today"
"The littlest badass"
"The best around"
"The littlest badass [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Purple Rose"
"I think I have a new outlook on life..."
"Going to the V-E-T"
"I like sushi as much as the next guy  but this is a little much"
"Who's gay?"
"Ferocious  predatory animals."
"We All Need Somebody To Lean On"
"Thou shalt not downvote cat pics"
"My first cat post...probably not what you expected"
"Comic Con religious fundamentalists might want to consider updating their list of sins..."
"What I feel like when coming home from school"
"When I come home from school"
"When I get home. *fixed*"
"When I get home from school on Mondays..."
"When I accidentally repost and am met with a torrent of hate."
"When Jehovah Witnesses ring my door and tell me I need 'Salvation'."
"San Francisco in may 1906"
"Just a girl walking her favorite pet!"
"Just a girl walking her favorite pet!"
"First I eat my snack."
"...Then I fuck your bitch"
"First I eat my Snack.."
"Heroic dog"
"[1]"
"WTF is this a combination of???"
"Photo of teenage girls being delighted to meet Justin Bieber"
"Photo of a fans being delighted to meet their awesome Bieber!"
"Kim Jong-un bieber"
"FUS RO BACON!"
"It's ALIVE."
"This is what happens when you put a cell phone in a microwave"
"Note to self  Don't microwave a nokia phone. (x/post for creepy_gif)"
"Phones are... demonic."
"How I feel when the average Redditor mentions something from their childhood."
"How I feel seeing all the prom pics on here lately..."
"How I feel turning 21 today..."
"Seems Legit"
"Awh how cute"
"What? It's true.."
"Shock and horror (NSFW)"
"How I feel when stuck in traffic."
"Ten years old today"
"Tony Stark's new battle suit  unexpected and compact."
"Robert Meowney Jr."
"Robert 'Meow' Jr."
"This makes me laugh"
"One of my favorite .gifs of all time..."
"Downey Cat"
"RDJ"
"If Robert Downey Jr. Was A Cat"
"&quot;Cutest bunny ever!&quot; - my girlfriend"
"cute pikachu or funny bunny ?"
"Money on his mind!"
"Bought a Louis Vuitton purse at auction  this was inside."
"I am Gotham's Olympian"
"I laughed to hard at this..."
"He died for our spins"
"She submits her picture in every /r/gonewild post which has MIC in the title"
"Ill just take this..."
"Imagine a world..."
"The amazing things in the world"
"Invisible Wall."
"My childhood in one gif."
"Whenever i get downvoted"
"Probably..."
"Crafty Martians"
"What's on Mars..."
"What is really happening on Mars"
"Curiosity in Mars"
"A Splash of Rose"
"God no  she' got the knitting needles out again"
"why."
"Oh right...humans not food"
"Oh right...humans not food"
"Oh right... Humans not food"
"Meanwhile  in Australia.."
"Little Husky"
"Crazy ass lizard washing his hands"
"OMG This is so gooOOOAAAH! [Gif]"
"Somebody explain this"
"It seems there are a lot of cake days today on /r/gifs......."
"Me and my friends playing Borderlands 2 (x-post r/funny)"
"Can this please be started?"
"So my current Facebook work description is &quot;Sucks off donkeys&quot;"
"when my boyfriend finally convinced me to try anal"
"How I feel having one successful post"
"I BELIEVE I CAN FLY"
"spaceghostspit.jpg"
"batman... (xpost from /r/4chan)"
"Everything you needed to know you learned in kindergarten"
"Commenting on a post more than 5 hours old."
"Duty called"
"My Thought Process Whenever Someone Talks For More Than A Minute Straight"
"1922's view on atheism"
"Thirsty?"
"Was scrolling down Facebook when... [First post to /r/WTF]"
"Don't leave me hanging"
".... In a nutshell."
"Nice tatt....ah wtf?"
"Atleast he's got a sense of humour."
"i'm a shark!!! i'm a SHAAAARK!"
"Once? Not even."
"one of my childhood heroes has fallen..."
"Meth: Before and After"
"The Dark Side of Meth - Meth not even once"
"Foreplay."
"when my boyfriend is eating me out"
"They don't make the voting ballots like they used to..."
"Ha! Toyssss @.@"
"One good thing about summer ending"
"Racism at its finest"
"welcome aboard![fixed]"
"I recently got a job at a retail store  this is how I felt accepting a credit card payment for the first time"
"Fuck."
"This is an amazing bedroom"
"Best shyguy alternative art I've seen"
"Nightmarish Version of Shy Guy"
"Shit's going down here in the UK."
"He's definitely not going to regret this later."
"For the love of FUCK  what are you doing child? That's an unlicensed nuclear accelerator. Were you planning on crossing the streams as well?"
"cakeplant"
"(╯°□°）╯==[] ︵ ┻━┻"
"Well... shit."
"Oh shit...now what?"
"a for effort"
"Almost had it..."
"Nap time"
"This is a repost. I just want the original to be posted of this ever recurring picture of a resting husky. The photographer has other just as interesting things in flickr."
"things giraffes hate"
"O hai there!"
"&quot;Five pearls of Scottish wisdom&quot;..."
"Sesame Street  Rated R"
"Sesame Street has changed over the years"
"Sup."
"What kind of monkey is this?"
"Golden snub-nosed monkey"
"Cowboys  Tigers  and Bears; by Kizer180."
"Was your childhood just ruined? or made that much more awesome?"
"Googled &quot;Best picture ever&quot; and this was a result...."
"Clearly..."
"I don't want this explained"
"Mini-Me [gif]"
"Hello  this is a dog"
"How do I even title this...?"
"LIKE A BOSS. FUCK YOUR MOUSE TRAP"
"What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger"
"How i feel every time I post something on Reddit and being non-U.S.A."
"Trust no birthday cake"
"Who knew R2-D2 could look so good?"
"Religion doesn't always correlate with ethics."
"Get the fuck over it"
"My crush said she needs help with her computer."
"Now You're A Man"
"UK celebrity chef Greg Wallace's head does not stack well [x-post from /r/UnitedKingdom]"
"Heston Blumenthal's head does not stack well."
"Heston Blumenthal's head does not stack well. (xpost from r/unitedkingdom)"
"Tag you're it"
"Every time I see BF and CoD fanboys fighting..."
"What we feel when religious people get mad"
"Best .GIF ever- 3D"
"O_O"
"So I accidently hit next on imgur..."
"Delta rocket night launch over Cape Canaveral."
"Girlythings"
"The Yin and Yang of World Hunger."
"Under and out."
"He's bad"
"Welcome to Spain!"
"Oh my god eggs!"
"Mom takes cumshot to the face  son sees it on facebook."
"arrgblrgflerbgrrdrpleglrblfrg."
"So happy to see you"
"When cakeday redditors upvote eachother"
"Just picked up a H/O of Blue Dream after being dry for a month and learned that frient's parents will be on vacation for 2 weeks starting tomorrow."
"I have a lot of friends in Europe and Australia who come visit me in Vegas. After last night this is how we reacted when seeing each other..."
"Cool little castle"
"Zombie apocalypse fortress..."
"Is this place real?! If it is  can anyone tell me where this place is?"
"An interesting place to live..."
"Who would live in a house like this?"
"House."
"Why would someone do this!!!!!???"
"Double horn wtf"
"The Narwal Bacons."
"Looks like a fun night"
"The Foot of an American"
"how i browse reddit when im drunk [aka now]"
"When I get positive comments."
"You say gays are unnatural?"
"Musicians made from their own CDs"
"Oh Arthur  how right you are."
"Having fun isn't hard when you have a library card"
"One of the many reasons why I'm subscribed to /r/cocaine."
"Pug with pug shoes"
"Pugception"
"Women vs. Dolphins according to 4Chan."
"Expectations v. Reality of posting of reddit"
"I laughed way too hard at this. She didn't really make an attempt."
"I'm the one on the right."
"Must get fish!"
"Must get fish!"
"Plane Takeoff [1196x797]"
"where the fuck am I?"
"He seems to be lost"
"Hurberblubablibuai"
"It was a hell of a party after they took down the Death Star."
"The secret of The Force (X-post from Pics)"
"Thanks Princess!"
"OMFG WHITNEY DIED. Meanwhile  in &quot;I don't give a freaking damn&quot; land..."
"Just Leia handing Luke a cold one."
"Australian model caught distracted during a photo shoot when the first plane hit tower 1."
"Australian model caught distracted in a shoot when the first plane hit."
"Albino baby sea turtle"
"Albino Turtle"
"albino baby sea turtle"
"This album is bananas"
"You've probably seen this already. I laugh at this more than I should"
"Slo-mo breaking glass"
"Slo-motion wine glass being broke"
"What moving out of my parents house feels like (Fixed)..."
"4 years free from the Olympics."
"Really close up picture of an eye."
"Just looking at this photo causes me physical pain. NSFL."
"Bliss.jpg Then and Now (inspired by a post from r/pics)"
"The all famous Windows XP default background  what it looked like 10 years after in 2006."
"Windows XP's bliss wallpaper  re-photographed in 2006"
"Hello my name is..."
"Iridescence"
"Breaking bad/Pulp Fiction mashup"
"Watching peoples reaction is priceless"
"Now  that´s a tongue!"
"My friend just sent me this... Anyone have an idea what's wrong with this tongue?"
"Tongue crevasses"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"someone wasn't thinking"
"Best Revenge Ever (not from my facebook)"
"What seems to be the problem?"
"I still find this funny."
"THUGLIFE"
"Derp"
"Me when I'm old."
"Soccer trolling"
"The days before Reddit"
"On Halloween 2012  Mars Curiosity high-definition self-portrait"
"Yeah right..."
"How it really went."
"That explains alot"
"Isaac had it coming."
"God?"
"The funniest food ever"
"When I finally realized that most men refer to toilet paper as shit paper because they only use it for shits."
"It's 2am and I just realized I have a chemistry test tomorrow"
"O_O"
"Basically most the girls on my timeline."
"World's Tallest Dog in Michigan!"
"naptime"
"I've never made a .gif before but..."
"i think this fits well"
"Push it to the limit"
"Banana."
"Yet another Apple lawsuit in the works"
"A boy who can hear for the first time"
"It's contagious"
"We're contagious..."
"Hey earth  whats up"
"OH SHIT! STRIKES BACK!"
"I see your Stormtrooper-Lotus and raise another repost..."
"oh shit... [fixed]"
"Never Alone"
"A Huge Mistake [NSFW]"
"I've never been more confused about my sexuality"
"I wonder what he's thinking about."
"And I thought kamiko was weird...oh Asians!"
"just cats"
"How life should be lived."
"My argument for when my mom wants me to go to church."
"Aiiiiieeeee"
"Meep!"
"Oh no!"
"Ambered in New York  Sandy a fringe event?"
"What did the buffalo say..."
"What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?"
"what did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?"
"Oh yea!"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"Dubstep Batman"
"Haha Damn Teddy"
"Here are some awesome pumpkin carvings (by Ray Villafane)"
"How I talk to all of my folliclely challenged friends during no shave November"
"Toasting knife. (cross toast from r/pics)"
"WANT"
"Real-World application at its finest."
"Dat New Dance..."
"Makes me giggle every time."
"Does your cat make too much noise?"
"I can't wait for this trend to catch on."
"This trend needs to catch on."
"WELP. No more /b/ for me today"
"Googled something reddit would give a fuck about  was not ready for this"
"Swag"
"A little help?"
"Come on now  give it back."
"How I eat Hot Pockets."
"So this is how my first cake day went"
"The Cat Factory"
"Reddit Detox Center"
"Redditor Works for government lab experimenting on abducted alien cats for Karma"
"One of my favorite wallpapers: digital wave"
"Just a wave"
"Mitt Romney may be a little small faced"
"I hope it brightens your day to know that the whole world isn't full of dishonest people"
"This is why I never go in the garage..."
"You have to admit  for ink embedded in the skin  that's pretty cool"
"how i feel when i post with aspirations to get to the front page"
"Anytime I try to be witty on reddit."
"Going outside today wearing a sweater cause it looked cold out."
"After checking the politics forum on Craigslist in southern Texas:"
"Me the first time I went to /r/spacedicks"
"When you put off your assignment until late the night before it's due..."
"The land of the free"
"'Merica"
"devil baby"
"Visiting Grandpa"
"Riding &quot;not giving a fuck&quot; style"
":3"
"After teaching in public schools for 2 weeks I find this sadly true."
"Gentlemen."
"Sleeper puppies... Attack!!!!"
"ready  annnnnnnd go!"
"What did he just say?"
"Abundance of Corgis"
"For my cakeday  I present my favorite aww gif."
"I'm not sure where it came from  but I just found this in the depths of the internet."
"Girl loses 120lbs and turns into Lara Croft"
"While I nodded  nearly napping  suddenly there came a tapping  As of a kitty gently rapping  rapping at my chamber door."
"iI heard tapping at the window..."
"How it feels replacing my upvote with a downvote"
"Hug a cactus!!!"
"Sad cactus"
"Thought id give the sunday night redditors something a little fun to do! now find him"
"Every &quot;When You See It&quot; Post"
"When you see it.."
"Quite."
"Quite"
"Quite."
"Stephen Hawking and bride on his wedding day in 1965"
"Pretty awesome shoes i may say"
"Truth about men."
"Making the best of a bad situation"
"Hyped indian guy"
"my cakeday in a parallel universe"
"Me when people post bible passages to Facebook"
"Me when people post their response to a bible quote on Facebook on Reddit."
"Me every time I click on something from /r/starcraft while browsing all"
"Whenever I see an undeserving post on the front page"
"They must be very successful."
"We run this shit."
"&quot;I see no God up here...&quot;"
"Beautiful Wallpaper and Quote"
"&quot;I see no god up here&quot;"
"Whenever I see somebody look to the sky to pray"
"&quot;I see no God up here...&quot;"
"I am extremely envious"
"Ghosts of World War II."
"&quot;I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.&quot; - Thomas Jefferson"
"Gets me every time"
"That is what I just said!"
"When I finish Jerking off"
"Photoshop it makes a difference"
"Canadian problems"
"A Baby Turtle"
"turtle baby"
"Just being honest.."
"Do you want a flat stomach or soda?"
"I choose food."
"hillbilly house"
"Boondock Saints Vs. Edward Cullen"
"Woah."
"So simple yet mind still blown."
"I am so high this makes sense."
"When ever I posted a comment..."
"When I go on spacedicks or get down voted into the negatives this I what do."
"Whenever I see someone repost this gif"
"How I feel whenever someone reposts this gif"
"My reaction seeing /r/spacedicks"
"I just found out that the link my friend sent me was a shock site"
"After finding my Girlfriend's mother on /r/GoneWild"
"Came across spacedicks today..."
"How I feel getting 666 comment karma"
"So I went on r/spacedicks for the first time today..."
"/r/spacedicks in a nutshell"
"Gangster Giraffe"
"Hi there..."
"You may have skipped a step..."
"I think you may have skipped a step..."
"I was talking to her  when suddenly..."
"You said what now?"
"A surprised cat"
"My face when i walked in to my 9 year old brothers room to find him on porn."
"Because dogs are way better than cats!!"
"Seriously!?!"
"The effect 90's kid nostalgia has on me:"
"Men vs. Women"
"the difference between men and women"
"Ohhh yeahhhh..."
"Denied!"
"My face when I found out Brady Hoke is a redditor"
"Story of my love life."
"This relationship"
"Something about these two seems...familiar..."
"Something about these two seems...familiar..."
"Something about these two seems...familiar..."
"Something about Paul Ryan seems...familiar...[x-post from /r/scifi]"
"Something about this election year seems...familiar..."
"this always makes me laugh"
"Radiation poising?"
"I don't know what's going on with this deer  but i'm feeling the feels."
"Coolest dog ever"
"When I found out that Cake Days don't bring guaranteed karma"
"When I found out cake day karma wasn't guaranteed"
"Good for you Tyrone  good for you."
"Fuck that bitch"
"This owl looks familiar."
"The only smile to greet me when I wake up... [FIXED]"
"thank you i will take care of it as if it were my own"
"I have gone my entire life without using Adblock  can I exchange silly moose for karma?"
"I find this offensive."
"i get called that a lot"
"I get called that a lot [X-Post from r/funny]"
"Just Patrick being Patrick."
"A small gift"
"Mother and kin"
"So that's where their feet go"
"Challenge: Don't look at his balls (Slightly NSFW)"
"Don't look...."
"Savage"
"Just Keanu Reeves...oh ok"
"I love this picture of the Milky Way"
"How to kill a cat"
"Wesker loving Mr. Whiskers"
"Sea foam engulfs Scottish village"
"When the clock strikes midnight and No Fap September ends..."
"No fap September ends"
"Today is this man's 70th birthday. happy birthday Bob!"
"The many bodies of Christian Bale (Read the fine print)"
"Happy Birthday to a man who has all my respects!"
"I see you posted Bond. My friend asked me to post Bale. I don't know why either."
"Gaming at work"
"Gaming In The Workplace"
"Damn it  Williams."
"Damn it  Williams."
"Boss Battle"
"2 ducks 1 cup"
"One cup of &quot;aww&quot; please"
"A picture of two Ducks in a Tea-Cup"
"does not fit"
"&quot;It don't fit. See?&quot;"
"Popcorn in slow motion (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Holy hell yes."
"Someone was selling this near my hometown!"
"You thought YOUR water was bad?"
"I found MMD in r/funny"
"What if a child were to see this?"
"Colour blind"
"Duckface faceswap."
"Most hilarious halloween costume idea I've seen so far."
"Do you guys have to do that right here??"
"Forever alone Cat"
"Kitty lickin' good"
"Mwah"
"And a happy little bush right there..."
"Where i do most of my posts."
"story of my life"
"Evolution continues"
"Did ANYBODY else notice this at all?!"
"Cat climbing into a fishbowl"
"What I'll do when the zombie apocalypse begins"
"Master Troll is Joker Troll"
"Jack Nicholson is NOT amused"
"Someone's annoyed"
"These gun control laws... Quite Ironic"
"Obama On Guns"
"In honor of our K9 friends on Memorial Day {pic}"
"I would ask that we do both at the same time."
"Make it so!"
"Make it so!"
"Mistakes into miracles"
"Googled &quot;googly eyes&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"How I stay on reddit 24/7"
"Reddit after sunrise"
"How I feel when I should go to bed but stay on Reddit instead."
"This is how I feel after a &quot;quick&quot; browse through reddit (hours have passed)"
"I give you the Redditor Apparatus"
"Oh shit."
"Nice Shoes  Einstein..."
"My interests include physics and long walks on the beach..."
"Gift from nature"
"What it do? It's ya boy Mitt!"
"Whenever I try insulting someone"
"boxing - you're doing it wrong."
"Critical Miss"
"Adorable sugar gliders."
"How I feel with the iPhone 5 not being much different than my 4S"
"Guys will stick their dicks in anything."
"Not so passive aggressiveness...."
"Painted on a dirty truck"
"My birthday was yesterday. Woke up to find out my reddit birthday is today. I love birthdays"
"Bruce Lee's special day"
"thx mom."
"Childhood ruined"
"I really really miss this guy!"
"A repost of my post got more karma than me...[Fixed]"
"A repost of my post got more karma than me..."
"Trying to see out the airplane window from the aisle seat"
"Trying to see out the airplane window from the aisle seat [gif]"
"Move Over!!"
"HIFW I post a link in r/politics as a Conservative-Republican."
"So.... what if you have to jump off?"
"Daily reaction to posts on Facebook."
"While looking for local Wifi spots..."
"Well ok and thanks for the free wifi!"
"I was just passing through a small town on my way to Toronto when I decide to see if there is any wifi....this is what I saw."
"Interesting name for a wi-fi network"
"BigRedSantaButt"
"my new wifi name"
"Chilling in downtown Boston  when all of sudden  I chose..."
"I've got your back."
"Brings a hole new meaning to &quot;I've got your back&quot; (x-post from pics)"
"How I feel every time we beat a country in the Olympics and they cry"
"This is why we can't have nice things."
"Why you shouldn't go to a club at a [7]"
"Popped up on my facebook  I think it deserves better."
"This is why we can't have nice things!"
"How to Make Pizza"
"Cat and pizza"
"Can't tell if less creepy  or more"
"I'm an atheist!"
"Remember me?"
"let us see your derp"
"So my dad got a label maker for Christmas..."
"Fuzzy... puppy."
"What Most Redditor's do in their Spare Time"
"How redditors get in shape"
"otter"
"O.o W.T.F"
"(x-post from /r/funny) Presents opening children"
"It had to be done"
"When I click on a post with 300+ comments  this is what I see."
"all I see when fans try to catch a foul ball in the world series..."
"Hoot said that?"
"Just a baby owl."
"In need of more owlet."
"I raise you a baby owl."
"Baby owls are unsettling"
"It will kill your family."
"Excited Pageant Girl"
"TO THE FRONT PAGE!...nope. TOO THE FRONT PAGE!...nope."
"Girl guitar."
"Ron Swanson's happy face"
"When I try to hit on someone at a bar"
"pokemon sandwich"
"Can't break Moe's stride"
"Sad owl makes reddit say aww"
"This hipster bitch"
"What I think of when I see people whining about dubstep  facebook timeline  and 3D movies..."
"Why rock always wins! (rock/paper/scissors)"
"The Art of Seduction"
"When I Accidentally Stumble Upon Some Nudity"
"I am slightly confused about the recommended dosage"
"Googled &quot;what the actual fuck&quot;."
"The only message I get from the idea of grown men watching 'My Little Pony'."
"I'm here to kick ass and hate MLP  and I'm all out of ass."
"They Die!"
"Do you think my girlfriend will forgive me?"
"Just a monkey taking a bath (xpost /r/gifs)"
"Cute monkey."
"Bath time"
"What is this?... What am I doing here?"
"Baby Monkey + Bathtub"
"Not a cat  but still cute..."
"Monkey in a bathtub"
"Monkey taking a bath"
"Disco Jesus; seen in a front yard in town."
"disco jesus died for your synthesizers (xpost r/wtf)"
"Imagine you live in a dystopian future"
"God's law."
"This is legal  but lollygagging isn't?"
"I think this belongs here"
"&quot;Animated GIF that savors a passing moment.&quot; Love this."
"just slow life down [gif]"
"What year is it?"
"....and shirt goes up."
"There is something beautiful about that bounce."
"My collection of sexy gifs  some are more NSFW than others. I thought you guys might appreciate them."
"Bambi and thumper"
"Play Dead"
"Believe"
"Hello Ozone"
"Hello Tailpipe."
"She really is the Queen of merchandising - I can't believe this is a thing..."
"What i think of when i see the comment wars on Youtube"
"Here are some gems from from the worst tattoo artist ever. Synyster Ink"
"True Love"
"just out of a 3 year relationship  me attempting to pick up girls"
"Best Pickup line Ever!"
"Developers outside of my region when I try to buy a game"
"package"
"What am I doing with my life?"
"Ronaldo is stunned"
"Dude? DUDE!!"
"Surprise Tests"
"You guys in a nutshell"
"Soccer is gay"
"Every time i think i did good on a test.. Then i get it back and it's terrible."
"this is why we make jokes about you Jews~"
"Scorpion (faceplants) Gallery"
"Predator dog engage!!!"
"An African Sunset"
"Which way did they go?"
"It may have only been an hour... But this symbolises this sub atm.."
"What reddit would look like without reposts"
"When you submit a link and it receives no upvotes  downvotes  or comments."
"Get your shit together Jimmy"
"Saw this on FB  picard on prime directive"
"Before I discovered the Internet. (Fixed)"
"I enjoy messing with my single atheist friends."
"A random venezuelan added me on fb... Here's part of the conversation..."
"I still have no idea what just happened..."
"So guess what happened when they allowed links on circlejerk today"
"Facebook Chatting While Watching The Curiosity Rover Landing. Someone At NASA Said &quot;No Two-Two-Eight&quot;."
"The curious race for karma"
"I need you to do something..QUICK!"
"0 fucks given"
"Hungry puppy forgets how to gravity."
"My lady boner will forever be for this man."
"a bunch of pussies"
"How I feel when talking to someone about being on reddit"
"Whenever I visit r/GhostAdventures..."
"Found this in the image reference section of my school library. I can't tell the expression he's making. (x post r/funny)"
"I found this in the in the image section of my schools library. I like to make him slowly look around corners."
"Spider-Man does what he wants"
"Boom"
"Interesting."
"I think this brings WTF back to its roots  ya?"
"I have no idea.."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Ted from Scrubs (xpost from r/funny)"
"What it is like to play Terraria with my little brother"
"Siri misses the joke  but still manages to offer advice."
"Siri  you are so counter productive."
"This is by far the creepiest thing I've ever seen an angel do. (Angels Take Manhattan Spoilers)"
"How'd you do on your final?"
"IN THE FAAAAAAACE"
"Whale Tail Slaps Bird"
"Get me the fuck out of here"
"you disturb me nature!"
"WTF nature; WTF."
"Oh  umm... didn't see ya there."
"I ain't even mad."
"Hot damn!"
"longest bellyflop ever."
"Euclids on the block got a bunch of hits."
"Euclid's on the Block"
"Kevin Bacon."
"Please have a seat over here"
"Things you can say that will always end in a stabbing"
"What are you gonna do  stab me?"
"Quote from man stabbed..."
"It can be risky to call someone's bluff..."
"Umm what do you know! You did it."
"What are you gonna do  stab me ?"
"I has a hat"
"Ahurdurdurdurdurdurrr"
"REAL HORSE PHYSICS"
"Apply cold water to burn."
"Which way to the front page? All of my submissions...."
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"America's Criminals"
"I don't think this is what he meant..."
"Dogfighting"
"Dogs playing Scrabble"
"This dog fight is intense!"
"Art Students ! (hilarious pictures)"
"Sexy..."
"Got a Text From a Random Number..."
"No Big Deal  Just Star Wars Unicorns"
"I thought this would be fitting for reddit"
"How to get hit by a car like a boss"
"How to Steal a Moving Car"
"kept seeing otters  heres an otter"
"I've never so badly wanted to be the little spoon."
"New best friends."
"Too cute for words."
"This pic shows that cats are best friend of kids.."
"Wow  puts the internet into perspective..."
"Whenever I'm in an argument on the internet."
"I figure its not too long till december 21st..."
"Ohmygodwhatisit!?"
"Fuck."
"You aren't safe anywhere."
"NOPE"
"Nope. Hell no."
"Must go..."
"Party"
"Full of WTF."
"I don't know where this is from  can someone tell me? Also  it's hilarious."
"Met a Redditor in real life. This is how I opened."
"My friend sent me this after I said I'd stay up past 9 tonight..."
"Kickass Wedding Seating Chart"
"Me playing Black Mesa"
"Just India."
"Only in India"
"Only in India"
"Don't you just hate it when your head becomes a foot?"
"I shall not be!"
"JUdas was odd"
"Only in America"
"Hipsters."
"Just got back from a mining haul. I love silk-touch"
"Looks like the new sword tags are gonna be pretty cool."
"I see you."
"soon..."
"I found a familiar face in Ron Swanson's office"
"Not ghetto at all"
"The greatest feeling."
"The greatest feeling"
"The Dub The Dew contest was a success!"
"It's... It's beautiful"
"Mountain Dew delivers after 4chan's survey shenanigans."
"Even if you don't like birds  you will now."
"yay verily..."
"One banana ripened faster than the rest."
"One banana ripened faster than the rest."
"Vanilla wtf: One banana ripened faster than the rest"
"It's not what you think!"
"A pirates life is a h'arrrd life"
"Down the road I goes."
"One of my favorite pictures."
"This is Australia"
"Two Worlds."
"Oh hi! Would you like to be my new friend?"
"Yea... seems legit"
"Woman on r/gonewild in a nut shell"
"Baby stingray with legs. We are no longer safe."
"Hardcore Gamer"
"True love"
"well  thats it. I have officially seen everything.."
"Back to the Roots"
"Walls can't say no"
"I have....no words for this..."
"French Films are the best films [NSFW]"
"Some please help me understand this?"
"Hardcore Jacuzziing"
"How I feel coming out of the shower after using a shampoo designed for horses and people [fixed]"
"Ladies and gentleman  the most pathetic reaction in horror movie history."
"Finland..."
"A bit out of hand."
"omfgomfgomfgomfg...OMFG!!!"
"Who is this guy?"
"What I feel like when I argue with a dumb ass."
"There is no galaxyrise | Day &amp; Night"
"Our sky"
"Milky Way over Piton de l'Eau  Reunion Island; the photographer waited for nearly two years for the sky and clouds to be just right to get this shot"
"Milky Way over Piton de l'Eau  Reunion Island; the photographer waited for nearly two years for the sky and clouds to be just right to get this shot"
"Milky Way Over piton de l'eau"
"Creation of the MGM Logo"
"found this gem in my pictures folder..."
"shaved bear = gargoyle"
"A bear with no fur. Be afraid."
"This pic hooked me to reddit. Oldie but goodie"
"Shop till you drop."
"When I try to do it in one trip."
"bath time"
"This made me wat."
"There's really no good title for this..."
"So  this actually exists."
"MORDORLOGIC"
"For all Batman fans out there"
"The Dark Knight Rises 3D Art"
"3d street art"
"Welcome to the Internet"
"Please Follow Me"
"If they're watermarking this  the pretty soon 9gag will be saying they invented the internet."
"Snail and the Drop of Rain"
"Best gif ever"
"just the beginning of chris i think"
"He knows it"
"EXCELLENT"
"Normal vs. Blue-Ray"
"The Blu Ray Difference"
"Blue-Ray"
"Blu Ray"
"Blu ray"
"...and on this day  not a single fuck was given."
"Pony rides are for pussies..."
"My reaction after watching Darkness Falls for the first time as a kid and heard a noise"
"I had my headphones in and my brother came up behind me  bricks were shat."
"I was doing laundry and all my socks matched up"
"Toyota Celica? You don't say!"
"Felt the Judgement from this Random Desktop After a Successful Fap..."
"Challenge Accepted."
"))&lt;&gt;(( (NSFW)"
"This hit me right in the feels"
"Best Pillow Ever."
"You sir  are a horrible person"
"Wait for it...wait for it....okay BRING IT ON"
"Evolution in Pokemon summed up"
"Freshly dumped  looking through old Skype chats"
"My home."
"Deadly facts about water"
"FACT! water is the leading cause of drowning"
"water  the next marijuanna"
"The deadly facts of WATER"
"The Deadly Facts About Water"
"Proud. (xpost r/funny)"
"A misunderstanding"
"Gotta love Japan"
"Liu Kang it's against skating"
"Since people are putting up their favorite gifs  I figure I'd put up a favorite of mine."
"Tap Tap..."
"Hey... Hey you there"
"Um  hi. Pet me please?"
"Umm.. Excuse me?"
"Excuse me... Can you pet me  please?"
"Come on  go faster!"
"Nintendo ftw"
"I do too  Kevin  I do too...."
"Bears in Flin Flon  Manitoba take their R&amp;R time very seriously!"
"Bears in Flin Flon enjoy their R&amp;R (x-posted from Pics)"
"Access Denied"
"After page 3 of /r/gonewild (FIXED)"
"Me when i discovered r/VOLLEYBALLGIRLS"
"Finally got the internet back up and running....."
"October 1st fot those who participate in No Fap September"
"What it feels like after popping a plump pimple"
"After going two days without fapping and coming home from the beach."
"What I imagine November first will be like for the people who actually do no fap September"
"This will be most of us on October 1st  12:00 A.M."
"1. October 2012 for the no-fap-september dudes"
"I made it 16 days this time around..."
"&quot;I am Adam Savage. Co-host of Mythbusters. AMA&quot;"
"When no fap September ends tonight...(Fixed)"
"When No-Fap September ends tonight [FIXED]"
"How I'm gonna look after September is over"
"Me at the end of no fap September"
"Right in the feels..."
"I do believe Ive shat my pantaloons"
"Realizing I missed my cake day"
"Ah good Sir"
"Googled &quot;It's my first cake day on reddit!&quot; and this was my favorite result."
"I don't know why...But this makes me laugh every time!"
"Life can be great."
"Soon  she will be converted into one of their own..."
"Damn you Mr. Bond!"
"Sad Keanu gets around."
"This is a brilliant installation piece by Mexican artist  Ivan Puig. He has titled it  “Hasta Las Narices ” which translated to English means “Fed up”"
"My favorite Oktoberfest picture."
"Forever Alone Gaming Room"
"Top 10 gaming dens"
"Someone gets excited on car rides..."
"My friends dog enjoying the wind"
"Cartwheel"
"What a jerk"
"Hover Troll"
"It's so much more efficient"
"How I envision the future."
"Giving candy to kids"
"Shithead! gif"
"what happens when I unknowingly repost"
"Hide and Seek with Osama"
"Just one more reddit page."
"Um..."
"How to keep an idiot busy"
"Down 4 my N's"
"Don't you believe in fairies?"
"Just received this in my inbox from the Obama campaign...these guys know their audience."
"The Obama campaign sent me this today...They know their audience. (xpost from pics)"
"Oh hey Gromit..."
"Beautiful beverage-themed sculpture. Does anyone know the creator?"
"Oww.. my brain.."
"Majora"
"YES!"
"Well I guess I cold go outside."
"FPS Logic"
"Makes sense."
"Suddenly  supah ref!"
"How I feel downvoting a post with one upvote"
"Oh yeah.... that looks normal."
"Stop."
"Photobomb - This guys doing it right."
"Just found this. Made me awwwww!"
"Fresh Prince of Shufflin"
"First move I whack out at a party."
"Electric Avenue"
"How Husbands are reacting to the remember your anniversary wedding ring"
"I don't think he understands how trampolines work."
"SLAM!"
"I believe..."
"Had me laughing for a good 20 minutes"
"Here we ....oh"
"Anytime I try and post..."
"how I feel when I submit a link on reddit"
"This is how I've felt posting on reddit lately."
"Believe."
"So close..."
"Feelin good about my 2 finals today except this is how they usually turn out"
"some really cool 3d street art I found(the streets are crumbling beneath us)"
"The most amazing street-art Illusion I have ever seen"
"In an emergency...."
"We Are All Going To Die If There's An Emergency"
"Here  have an upvote."
"Ronald Reagan is back in an all new TV series."
"that's so reagan"
"Anon loses virginity!"
"total dirty truth"
"Most Powerful Name Ever!"
"What I'd like to do to every fucking stupid cat picture on Reddit:"
"One of the reasons why I want to visit Russia."
"Reddit in Russia"
"you are now under my spell iguana...sleeeep"
"There can be only one"
"How russians deal with road rage."
"jesus  you silly rascal"
"You're good  Siri"
"Siri is a douche."
"Siri  turn the music off."
"Friendzone lvl: iPhone"
"Whenever my mom says 'Hello' to Siri..."
"Not really sure Siri understood my song request..."
"Because We're Pervs"
"August 4th in 2013..."
"Siri knows"
"And I thought it was 42"
"Screw you Siri"
"Siri's a dirty girl..."
"Rob DenBleyker vs. Siri"
"Ok..."
"Calm down Siri"
"More tragedy."
"Gnashing teeth"
"Creepy."
"Hello."
"I took this pic on my vacation to africa thought i should share with you guys"
"Oh children..."
"I don't know why I'm still laughing... [Slightly NSFW]"
"Sexy Remix"
"Okay..."
"Dinner time"
"Seriously... Cannot be unseen (NSFW)"
"Dinner time! (NSFW)"
"What happens every time I walk on a road in DayZ"
"It's Dinnertime!! [Slightly NSFW]"
"It's dinner time...! (NSFW?)"
"DING DING DING DING DING"
"Gangnam clang"
"I'm Sorry. I really am."
"It's Dinner Time"
"Dinner Time!"
"Oh children..."
"I've got the weirdest boner right now"
"My favorite thing to do during the holidays: Turn candy canes into peppermint flavored Christmas shanks."
"Ariel."
"Whenever I browse r/new"
"Well  good enough."
"10 Top Tips to End Rape"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Ermahgerd! Jersers Pernterng!"
"Just a cup le kittens."
"Two kittens  two cups"
"&quot;AWWW&quot; OVERLOAD!!"
"Two kitys Two cups"
"It was the greatest day of his life....."
"slow but good"
"Wally Ballin' Too Hard"
"How I look watching my friend sit next to his crush."
"How I feel every time someone posts pictures of the staircar"
"My face when I woke up and saw how big the &quot;FBI's Most Wanted Memes&quot; took off on Reddit. I feel like I accomplished something!"
"Waiting for football to start on Sunday mornings..."
"Cant Wait."
"That moment when your dick is tickled!"
"When my link is on the frontpage because it's on top of a subreddit"
"Oh Smithsonian how I love you so..."
"Historically Hardcore"
"Can't think of anything funny. Here you go."
"Gimme Fue..."
"Hi are you joking?"
"Twisty cartwheel"
"A simple but perfect illustration of religion."
"Happy bunnies"
"stumbled upon this while roaming google"
"Smiling bunny"
"Nappy roots anybody!?"
"The most disgusting hair I have ever seen."
"My new dreads!"
"Human platypus"
"Keepin' Clean [gif]"
"Tolerant Muslim"
"This is a leptocephalus"
"Leptocephalus meets American Beauty"
"Leptocephalus"
"Brent Spiner (Data) re-reading the script in between takes at Paramount Studios"
"Data [Brent Spiner] reading the script between takes at Paramount Studios"
"Trying to boot into windows safe mode"
"What I did to my gameboy after I threw the pokeball. (xpost-gifs)"
"When I'm almost asleep and my phone vibrates in my bed"
"What I do to my gameboy when I throw the pokeball"
"When I play my friends on Tekken..."
"When I think I submitted good content  but the first reply is &quot;rape isn't funny.&quot;"
"What I do to my gameboy when I throw the Pokeball..."
"No fap September... Ha"
"Something is afoot!"
"Keep it classy  Nandos."
"I was shopping for cute bras and this popped up... NSFW"
"Googled &quot;yes&quot;  I'm a little bothered..."
"Would bang."
"Werewolf titties"
"If you can dream it..."
"If you can dream it...you can do it"
"Words to live by."
"Best Wedding Cake Ever! [pic]"
"New title!"
"If it fits I eats."
"If it fits I eats."
"thermogram of a human fart"
"Infrared fart"
"Best facebook page ever..."
"Charlie Sheen for Halloween!"
"America  According to Germany  in 1944"
"This Club Can't Even Handle Me Right Now."
"How I feel after successfully shaving my balls"
"Sorry if re-post  but this always makes my day."
"Blizzard  you are the most insensitive prick in the room."
"My favorite image from space"
"Face swap"
"A high quality face swap."
"I'm a simple man  who enjoys simple things."
"So... I've been playing plague inc. Could it be a warning?"
"Well that's quite a talent"
"It... It finally happened."
"In other news  angry trash can attacks random British people"
"You're not the only one.[FB]"
"You're not the only one.[FB][FIXED](sorry it sucks)"
"Photobombers"
"GIFbomb done right"
"Government and Cows"
"Thoughtful Success Baby"
"Snape's hobby..."
"Pretty amazing!"
"When the cat won't leave my room...."
"When I discovered there's a subreddit dedicated to porn."
"The only time I need to be alone Wilson"
"how long have you been there?"
"Brutal"
"What does this cloth smell like..??"
"Dafuq?"
"Pikachu is a Creep"
"simply awesome"
"Our Beautiful World."
"The world needs Radiohead."
"Norfolk Rave"
"My initial thought upon playing Ocarina of Time as a child"
"I laugh every time"
"Girlfriend goes out"
"My New Year's Resolution is to more carefully monitor my attitude so I have installed this time saving app on my phone to do just that..."
"Regarding 2012 posts on Facebook."
"I think caprisun wants me to share"
"This still makes me giggle"
"They are identical."
"Dolphin rape...a 2 way street. [NSFW]"
"How do you know you've had enough internet for the day?"
"Pound puppies!"
"Its just so...amazing..."
"I'll just leave this here"
"How I feel when I get upvoted"
"Umm  so yeah  this exists"
"Look at this completely original content I found!"
"My all time favorite gif."
"What... The... Fuck?"
"All time favorite gif."
"That's quite the moose you've got there"
"When I'm alone at a party and then my best friend shows up"
"X-Post from /r/funny"
"How we all feel when reddit is down and it finally comes back"
"I'm just saying"
"Sundays  with not having to work Mondays."
"When I return from a holiday and see my pet again"
"when i learned something other than the olympics would be on tv..."
"OF ALL THAT IS AWESOME!"
"How I feel having just surpassed the milestone of 10 link Karma."
"basically how it feels"
"Vin and Brownboy getting new GPU's"
"Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer"
"So I got a new Graphics Card..."
"How I feel watching my karma count go up by a point"
"Okay  what is this from?"
"Everybody do the QWOP!"
"Someone should put a 'Didn't Read LOL' over this"
"Whenever I play QWOP"
"Adorable babby husky is adorable"
"Nice backgrounds make everything inspirational."
"If I may present a rebuttal?"
"Whenever I hear someone drop &quot;I understand what you're saying  but...&quot; in an argument"
"How I end every Youtube comment argument."
"First 10 minutes on 4chan..."
"Most arguments I get in to end like this..."
"Cocaine..."
"catnip is for pussies"
"cocaine."
"So much..."
"House Porn"
"House porn! Who's coming with me?"
"&quot;He must be good&quot;"
"Cricket player Andrew Strauss accidentally destroys his own sunglasses."
"Cricket player Andrew Strauss destroys his own sunglasses. (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"Cricket player Andrew Strauss destroys his own sunglasses. (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"This is my favorite .gif of all time."
"What I imagine doing to my phone when the touch screen freaks out because my fingers are a little sweaty."
"ball fail (x-post for r/funny)"
"By far my favourite Gif."
"Every time that I get upvotes on Reddit"
"Every time I get upvotes on reddit"
"ITAP of the Moon setting over distant mountains"
"Go! Save yourself!"
"Go... Save yourself!"
"kitten+ zombie reference= upvotes?"
"My reaction when I saw my brother on the front page of reddit"
"Fun Fact: No matter how long the slinky is  the bottom of the slinky will stay still (hover) until the top reaches it. Even if the slinky is over 1000 feet long."
"Slinky falling."
"Slinky"
"Slinky"
"when my friend says she's lonely after being single for six weeks"
"When someone makes a good point in an argument."
"The definition of leaving too soon."
"Ireland."
"This... changes... everything."
"I cow you  officer Sir."
"Prank that would make you shit your pants"
"&quot;Hey Joe  check this out. I'm about to make Sarg shit his pants.&quot;"
"The guy's reaction after this would be priceless"
"Latest development from our robot lab"
"Amazing Planetary Discovery"
"The Story of a Lolita Slave Trader [NSFL]"
"This is the most fucked up thing I have ever read  I don't know how to react. Probably fake but WTF."
"BIG ASS NIGGA ON A SCOOTER DRINKIN CAPRI SUN"
"Story of my life."
"Viva la Resolucion"
"Resolution"
"Unda Da Sea..."
"Beautiful blue crystal cave"
"Crystal blue cave [like a wave frozen in time]"
"Rita Repulsa's Gonna Hate"
"People who intentionally repost"
"Oops"
"This was me  watching my first worth-while post gain hundreds of upvotes."
"My Body's Natural Position"
"How I felt when I found out my friend frontpaged for the third time in one week"
"Whenever my Blackberry freezes."
"Please tell me this happens to other people before I lose my shit."
"Please tell me this happens to other people before I lose my shit."
"Om Nom Nom"
"Lets see how easy it is to get to the front page of reddit"
"I've got your nose"
"Now I can finally go outside..."
"First time getting a lap dance; this is how I felt."
"So thats how Gremlins are made!!"
"Best Advert Ever"
"I love this toy"
"To whoever took my clothes out of the dryer 2 minutes into the cycle..."
"When My Friend Said He Didn't Like My Mom's Cooking [GIF]"
"When My Friend Said He Didn't Like My Mom's Cooking [GIF]"
"When you post and it isn't hosted on imgur..."
"Seeing somebody get banned"
"Your argument is...irrelephant."
"it seemed to fit"
"Don't ask him to double-bounce you."
"Defeating gravity or not  you could at least face the spoons the same direction."
"Doesn't matter  had sex"
"Ohai... give me five"
"I was never good with women"
"Complementing a girl"
"I bet this stone is never wrong"
"Well ok!"
"Baby and a cat on a swing (from George Takei's Facebook)"
"I can't take how much happiness is on that cat's face"
"No Hooking!"
"Now You Know"
"Monkeys scare me"
"Onward trusty steed  fetch me his head!"
"Fuck this shit"
"I found a funny link and decided not to post it. Then it appeared on the front page 2 days later."
"Well  I need to go clean my eyeballs"
"Badly stuffed animal"
"The unbroken seal on King Tut's Tomb"
"Nothing is going to stop her from doing her job"
"When my friend is laughing and I'm trying my best to stay serious"
"Snakes  okay. Spiders...."
"How I feel when my wife asks if I want to have another baby..."
"When I learned that Owl City has a new song. And then learned it featured Carly Rae Jespen"
"When Creationists tell me the Bible and Science go hand and hand..."
"My reaction when I found out the Spice Girls were going to preform at the Olympic closing ceremonies."
"When the power is out and your parents tell you to go into the pitch black basement to get a flashlight."
"When my husband suggest anal. . ."
"A friend asked me to try Slender..."
"Every time I see a NSFW/Gore tag....."
"I see what you did there..."
"Ideal BF {OC}"
"Ideal Bf (X-post from r/funny)"
"The Skin Skirt"
"4... I count 4 boobs [NSFW]"
"That stoma- wait no those ar- WAIT OMG THOSE FEET. NSFW"
"Republicans who stumble into /r/politics/"
"How I feel when reading comments on my reddit submissions."
"for my cake day  I would like to share my favorite gif ever made"
"What the Fuck  Bill."
"Vote for nobody"
"I believe in this guy"
"You dumb bastard. it's not a schooner..."
"My favorite stereogram"
"- Carl Sagan"
"It's impossible to not love this man."
"Every damn link in foodporn"
"How I imagine people who make spelling errors on Reddit"
"Queen Elizabeth  shooting [pic]"
"Queen Elizabeth II  firing an assault rifle"
"Headshot your majesty"
"To anyone who claims that people are &quot;wasting their vote&quot; by voting for third party candidates."
"After one year on reddit  this is all I have to say to you guys."
"Poor Rex"
"Cool story  bro."
"Every time I accidentally click a link from /r/trees"
"When somebody makes a joke about Australia being upside down [FIXED]"
"A friend of mine made the front page. My exact reaction."
"How i feel upvoting a bad cakeday post"
"How I imagine you guys when you upvote my shitty cakeday post"
"When I see &quot;hi reddit this is my first post&quot; on the front page..."
"Whenever my bestfriends tell me about their night out with their ladies."
"When i got my first mean comment on Reddit [FIXED]"
"When people make shitty jokes about my name. My name is Chase."
"Trying to deal with chipper coworkers on a Monday morning"
"Whenever my PC friends make a joke about games that won't work on OS X."
"they're mine!!"
"Nobody touches my fruity pebbles.."
"I can has Poland?"
"OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG!"
"Jazz Paws!"
"Aww  a baby!"
"OMG I'm flying! (pic)"
"Safety First"
"Looks like he had a long day."
"Sup.."
"Don't worry  I will."
"Oh god batman  why?"
"What have you done  Batman?"
"Christian Confirmation Bias"
"Checkmate athiests"
"one of my favorite things about atheism is that its free."
"Forever Alone Cake Day"
"Nerd Rage!"
"Ta Da!"
"Damnit God"
"There was an easier solution all along."
"Pretty Much the exact wording a friend and I used to discuss just this on tuesday"
"Jesus the magician"
"Do What You Love"
"Party Hard"
"Party hard."
"Friend took this picture. I think he would fit in well here."
"So fresh"
"Accurate American depiction of Nazis"
"my faavorite gif"
"WW2 final boss."
"World War II Final Boss"
"The only times I browse 4chan  shit like this is posted."
"no title"
"Robo Nazi Rock"
"Click here"
"Giant Nazi with a Chainsaw Attacks Skyscraper"
"Whenever two trainers make eye contact."
"Here is what flying in a real spaceship looks like."
"Care to pilot this spaceship?"
"Space shuttle cockpit"
"Pure Genius"
"For some reason r/cats didn't like this"
"Cat carrier."
"How dare they"
"This guy is earning the shit out of minimum wage."
"This will make you terrified of winter driving"
"Semi 1  SUV 0"
"Car is destroyed in an accident"
"UH OH!"
"OH SHIT"
"Losing control"
"Look its Lil Wayne! Small world..."
"Post-op [NSFL]"
"Bringing furries to a new level"
"This is why I love Andy"
"The results are in"
"Symptoms."
"Andy is a problem solver"
"Gets me every time."
"Best part of reddit.. &quot;Dust&quot;"
"No King for you."
"Another way Stan Lee tells it how it is."
"Just going down some stairs..."
"I've got a frog in my throat.."
"At first glance I thought this was a picture of an owl with a mustache. I was wrong."
"Walk it out"
"Ridin' Dirty"
"This is obviously the better choice"
"How I felt informing my roommate I now have more karma than him."
"Whenever I See someone Like Their Own Status"
"Me After Watching the Mars Rover Land Alone  and on My Couch"
"WTF Ronaldo"
"WTF Ronaldo? (X-post /r/gaming)"
"Wow."
"No  Iran."
"Inches away from death"
"Natural Selection just misses..."
"A resident of Kyoshi argues with the corner of a house and loses"
"Thats one lucky bird."
"Alfred Hitchcock throwin' some horns"
"poop shapes. now for kids!"
"Poopy time!"
"A shitty kids toy"
"What will your kids poop up?"
"Can't touch this"
"Engineering flowchart."
"Engineering Flowchart"
"When my comments get downvoted to nothing."
"Robert Brownie Jr."
"There goes my childhood."
"Control yourself!"
"Stop hitting yourself!"
"&gt;:o"
"I feel bad for my tube sock."
"Here we go Will!"
"Will likes big butts and he cannot lie..."
"Mayhem is everywhere."
"Hey guys! I'm making dessert!"
"Professor Farnsworth on Logic"
"I want to suck your blood!"
"Found this batcat picture on my facebook feed and thought it was so cute (no idea if re-post)."
"Deadly cute..."
"Bat Kitten"
"You've seen that GIF of the video team 'getting into it'  now  I raise you... this!"
"I cannot lie... I like this."
"Roll like a 24"
"I coloured the Burning Monk photo  watcha think? [PIC]"
"The Burning Monk in colour"
"Argument: Won."
"Dear Mr Haberny..."
"Sometimes I feel like the walls are moving"
"Don't use this wallpaper."
"My reaction when i discover places such as /r/poppers"
"Finding out there is such thing as r/spaceclop"
"My first time play DayZ was at 3:30 A.M. so i logged on to a local server and..."
"Whenever my post fails"
"Whenever I see pictures from spiders in Australia"
"NOPE"
"How i feel when down-voted..."
"how i feel when down-voted"
"When a post I like gets down voted"
"My usual attempt at hooking up"
"F-18 Fighter Jet"
"They are looking into my soul... [gif]"
"I Just... Wow."
"Sniffy the bear"
"Epic  epic fail"
"rofl what a fail"
"Did you really think that would work?"
"It must be Monday."
"Cool."
"My reaction to everything in lifeprotips X/post"
"Hallelujah!"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"cookiemonster!"
"Indian Woman gives birth to 11 babies at once"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"Meanwhile  in Russia...."
"Toy Story meets Jurassic Park"
"The dog ate my..."
"My dog ate it"
"Not quite sure what this *is safe for  but probably not work..."
"this is what happens when you come home drunk and cook a pizza for 13 hours..[FIXED]"
"The fruit Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now"
"The fruit Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now (X-post Pics)"
"redittor starts multi-million dollar project to modify kiwi-fruit with bat-genes  claims scientific result is coincidence; all for the worthless approval of anonymous internet community"
"The Gotham Kiwi"
"Please don't die..."
"Kinda morbid.. But I agree"
"Frozen in time"
"Reddit Security Vulnerability Proof of Concept"
"Long Exposure of a Lighthouse."
"So THAT'S why it too so long for my package to arrive..."
"What i think is happening when my package is past the arrival date."
"Seal Photobomb"
"Seal Photobomb"
"aww"
"Jesus WAS here!"
"Maybe r/atheism won't be so critical now."
"'Murica"
"In celebration of 1 000 comment Karma  I give you an oil painting of Jeff Goldblum in a field."
"Hey  take a picture of me and the fislfulfugufugflgflug"
"I imagine he'd be saying something along the lines of &quot;And here we have th- HOBLOLOBLOLOBBOLBOWHOA&quot;"
"D-D-D-Drop the bass!"
"Drop the bass!"
"When people get mad at me after they ask for my help"
"after having lost 100+ karma in one go..."
"So it's my cake day..."
"To all the Facebook posts on reddit and imgur..."
"This sums up my life.."
"This gif always makes me smile"
"Me after I watch the Olympic Divers and go to swim"
"When I go to a swimming pool after watching the olympic diving."
"Just another road accident"
"Oh Arthur..."
"Kanye West."
"Kanye (x-post r/hhh)"
"Kanye West"
"The beginning of something wonderful!"
"LSD..."
"Minecraft cat fountain"
"My internet cable under the microscope"
"Sunday Morning"
"A equilibrium between sad and funny looks like this."
"The happiest dog I have ever seen."
"Up  Real vs Movie"
"Google best image ever  this was number 2... Face swap gold..."
"Meanwhile  at a rec dance in Russia..."
"Tickling a baby otter"
"I fucking love otters"
"How to tickle an otter"
"noooooo stop it!"
"noooo stop it! [x-post from r/funny]"
"Otterly adorable"
"Tickle tickle"
"its just so cute"
"Tickling an otter"
"My sexface (SFW)"
"Justin Beaner"
"I thought This was Funny"
"just smacking the random button..."
"That's funny"
"...Words cannot describe what i'm feeling right now..."
"Up close on a wet insect."
"I'm replaying Sonic Adventure 2 on DC and spending WAY too much time trying to make these little guys happy"
"There's gotta be a better way to say that"
"If you want to have a fruity flavored snack..."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Proof Jesus is everywhere!"
"Do you see him?"
"I see Jebus in this anus..."
"I don't think Ernie would do him like this..."
"Sounds like a party to me."
"Bike sink"
"A message to the soda machine re-stocker:"
"Oh no  it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!"
"Just Terry Crews..."
"How I thought my cake day would go -&gt; how it actually went"
"These were on the walls at a Beijing Children's hospital I visited today."
"When I'm a new parent."
"&quot;True Story&quot; From George Takei"
"Ain't it the truth."
"Because he's a cat"
"My God  it's full of stars."
"Save the Ducks!"
"Spiderman saving the day"
"Drunk Spiderman."
"How I feel going to work in the morning"
"And So It Was."
"And So It Was"
"Photoshop In Syria"
"Photoshop in Syria"
"Something about this is pretty ironic..."
"Pretty good example of doing something wrong and knowing about it..."
"I was interested and amazed by our universe and then..."
"Amazing  isn't it?"
"OMGITSPINS!"
"Everytime."
"Just met this guy setting up 'hipster traps' in NYC  baited with PBR and American Spirits. Awesome work."
"Popeye the sailor man in his old age."
"Popeye the sailor man in his old age."
"The eyes say it all"
"Atelopus frog from Costa Rica."
"Costa Rican Variable Harlequin Toad"
"Smashing (xpost from r/gifs)"
"Never gets old."
"I searched Google Images for &quot;like if you love Jesus ignore if you love Satan.&quot; This is the first picture that popped up. NSFW"
"awwww  kittyyyy"
"All hail Hypno-Cat!"
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOCAT"
"Creepy Cat"
"[GIF] pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew"
"All Hail Hypno Cat"
"Need a Tattoo?"
"Since we're on a streak with nightmare fuel.."
"That is some potassium enriched irony..."
"Lolcats circa 1905"
"I feel sad for him  because he doesn't know how quickly he won't be able to do this anymore."
"How I feel when trying to reach the front page"
"When someone walks in on you changing..."
"American Politics"
"Falcon Punch!"
"this little man has learned something very early on in life..."
"Happens every weekend 10 minutes before the bar closes."
"No means NO"
"We have to go back!!!!"
"Another reason to support women's rights"
"My favorite protester"
"Oh shit...."
"Seth Rogen gets it right."
"A veteran."
"Whoah"
"This was me at the club last night."
"How I Imagine High School Raves"
"This is a stickup"
"No  I swear I didn't care!"
"cat got hold of my camera"
"This is how Slim Jims are made."
"Poor chick"
"Today is this man's birthday. Let's all paint a happy little tree in his honor."
"Happy 70th Birthday Bob"
"Happy Birthday you magnificent man."
"Happy 70th birthday  Bob and thank you for brightening my days as a kid"
"Children are our future  it is our job to help mold them into outstanding citizens."
"Toddlers and tiaras"
"Spicy Conan!"
"Shit"
"The FUCK was that?!"
"Googled &quot;most awesome pet&quot;. Did not disappoint."
"Whippet better"
"Hugging her from the back would be considered sexual harrassment"
"Hugging her from the back would be considered sexual harassment"
"What?"
"Don't you hate when people put stuff on your windshield?"
"that is one big piece of pizza"
"Gangster Hitler"
"I believe it was neinty nein cents."
"Classic Joker moment."
"True Thug Life"
"Thug life"
"Word"
"Gravitron rebel."
"Unbalanced Load"
"Well that's just rude."
"How I felt when my ex told me she just had a baby (She's 20!)"
"Forever alone?"
"How I feel whenever someone says &quot;there's lots of other fish in the sea.&quot;"
"When I looked at my work schedule and I saw that im off 5/15"
"How I felt after I found out Reddit was down on the day I wasn't on the internet..."
"Super Saiyan Phelps"
"Please ...."
"I'll try not to..."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Gangsta... wait a minute."
"So thug"
"Not sure where else to put this recent gem I came across while googling &quot;Beyonce&quot;"
"Wouldn't be a bad zombie fortress"
"I can takes picturez?"
"Lurk Reddit for a year and a half. Try to submit something..."
"Nikon"
"The tables have turned.."
"Time for work!"
"Fuck this..."
"Fuck this...I'm outta here"
"The moment I realize I'm on the internet  and it's April Fool's."
"Packing my stuff after I broke up with my girlfriend."
"A massive plate of mushrooms  oh and a Rabbit eating pasta."
"That means... You're Gay"
"yes  he can."
"Dumbledore doesn't give a shit."
"Dumbledore doesn't give a fuck"
"Does anyone have the video that this gif is from? (Youtube?)"
"Looking through gifs on my computer  suddenly this."
"Everytime I see a fight about to go down."
"Massive Smoke"
"Ah  halloween candy..."
"Fire snakes on acid"
"Shower To Go"
"This is way too soon..."
"Does this describe you too?"
"clever  clever girl."
"''I love Harry Potter  but Lord of the Rings is soooo boring''."
"This made me laugh for way too long"
"WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS?"
"THEY SAID I COULD BE ANYTHING...."
"Watching the world go by behind bars."
"I guess he couldn't stand not being in jail anymore."
"Aww mom..."
"What browsing Reddit with my family around is like"
"Poisonous air"
"How would I know?"
"What If....."
"Conspiracy Keanu"
"For those of us who were &quot;Too Young to Remember&quot;."
"Keanu On The Vatican"
"So I ate 7 grams of shrooms and it hit me..."
"Reddit for Cats"
"conspiracy keanu"
"Keanu is on to you  Reddit"
"Facebook memes"
"this must be why..."
"Keanu read the Miami Herald this morning"
"real medicine"
"Keanu bout space."
"I say Neil was exploited."
"After seeing several pictures of beautiful girls kissing in front of anti-gay marriage protestors  this came to mind..."
"How Cute"
"I heard Reddit likes cats"
"I love Cyanide and Happiness!"
"Peanut Butter And Jelly Sandwich."
"This freaked me the fuck out even in college"
"The system is fucked"
"My favorite gif"
"My childhood is ruined."
"I would like to take a moment to remember one of the greatest pics ever- Stoner dog birthday."
"I think there was something in that cookie"
"How I felt reaching 2 000 comment karma"
"He mad  son"
"He mad son"
"Nature at its cutest."
"Just a lioness showing her cub some love!"
"This makes my sides hurt."
"Got what he deserved"
"I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING!!!"
"Camouflage practice."
"WTF! but why??"
"You just can't look bad in these things."
"Scruffy Get Back Here"
"My favorite image on the internet"
"God dammit Scruffy"
"This is still my favorite  makes me laugh every time."
"Oh Peter"
"The Tiniest Bundle of the Cutest Thing in the World"
"Siberian Chipmunk: the epitome of aww"
"just a little baby chipmonk mouse"
"Sounds legit to me."
"Like. A. Boss."
"he's back and forth from the Burt Reynolds and the Landing Strip"
"So i sez to da brod"
"So I sez to da brod..."
"So we meet again!!!"
"vengeance is near."
"So we meet again..."
"A submarine surfacing... at the North Pole."
"Looks Pretty Damn Comfortable."
"The Minivan"
"Worst thing to see when you're ready to fap."
"That feeling of helplessness..."
"The greatest face-swapping of all time."
"that's about right"
"My favorite gaming comic  and also the reason I haven't replayed my old pokemon games"
"Taylor Lautner"
"Egarembflerbefb"
"I wear fur."
"what a dick"
"I probably would have crashed and died"
"Adam you pimp."
"Cosby"
"Pretty much sums it up."
"Explaining a Man's Decision Process"
"Cat Toy"
"Road-kill kitty toy from Japan"
"Pugs just wanna have fun."
"True Story"
"3...2...1.. GO!"
"Wrecked."
"What it feels like being told you have a major test and not studying at all for it"
"Welcome to the NFL"
"The Cutest Thing I Have Ever Witnessed!"
"Not sure I want that poster..."
"I can't believe I took the time to make this..."
"r/gamings relationship with gaben"
"And at night..."
"This show has gotten dark"
"Teletubbies"
"Its getting worse..."
":)"
"=)"
"well..what are the odds?"
":) happy end to a great day"
"Gingerbread Crack House."
"I was part of the Master Race all along"
"Call of Duty logic these days."
"As an Arizonan who doesn't have to deal with Daylight Savings Time  Hurricanes  Earthquakes  Tornados etc."
"Governments New Logo"
"Totally crazy idea guys  but go with me on this!"
"Totally crazy idea guys  but go with me on this!"
"What have i become?"
"Can't be the only one."
"the process"
"I learn so much from Reddit..."
"I Must Go... My Planet Needs Me"
"googled &quot;how do you reddit&quot;"
"Fly  fly away popcorn!"
"No big deal..."
"Are you fucking kidding me"
"Whenever I walk through the art department."
"Whenever my post does good and a similar post gets buried."
"How I feel with all these people outside the USA making generalizations that all of us are not for stricter gun control."
"The sorting hat on Hermione"
"When a morbidly obese person gets out of car in handicap spot"
"The only asshole Canadian to ever live. [Fixed]"
"The biggest Dick to come out of Canada"
"Pop and Lock dat Pussy"
"God  I'm so deep. (Fixed)"
"Cat Mittens"
"The Gratest Slide"
"Weeeeee--AAAAAAAHHHH"
"Wee!..Oh shit!"
"Child Shredder"
"Not Bros"
"Bros. Not Bros."
"Didn't really want it in the first place."
"Technical Difficulties"
"Technical difficulties."
"Do you feel lucky?"
"Hug-nap"
"Since they were a big hit the first around  have some more:"
"I made an Obama poster and wanted to share it with you reddit"
"I vote lemon."
"Dude..."
"Dude....you sure that was a cigarette?"
"Reddit hypnosis [fixed]"
"Its my cake day and I have nothing... ALL HAIL THE HYPNOTOAD."
"Its my cake day and I have nothing... ALL HAIL THE HYPNOTOAD."
"not so manly Ron Swanson"
"Lost my dawg."
"Bacon!"
"I suppose I am."
"IDK Jeremy  sometimes I just feel ugly"
"blah"
"Alright. Who gave Leonard a drink?"
"Listen here.."
"You are flawless and I love you"
"Whenever I'm feeling down  this does the trick."
"Listen to me!"
"Slow motion bunny flop"
"hardcore parkour!"
"I guess i won't be swimming in the ocean again"
"Don't Worry About Twinkies  The Free Market's Got Your Back"
"Thank God for the Free Market (x post r/Libertarian)"
"Stay Calm  America."
"Planets first troll"
"Oh  God... You are clever little trickster."
"Frank Zappa and a cross-eyed cat."
"What my girlfriend wears when she is on her period."
"10 Goat"
"Really high sheep"
"high goat"
"Christian Bale"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"You know you're unemployed when you'd rather wake up to this than your wife"
"Guess who"
"This never gets old."
"Looking up Pulp Fiction movie screenshots when..."
"Amazing Scanning Electron Microscope Photos"
"Amazing Scanning Electron Microscope Photos"
"Bored at the office"
"Hey  Sandy!"
"Just Like that."
"Rugrats"
"I'm gonna be a mighty king  so enemies beware..."
"Dear Maxis  please remake this magnificent game."
"ONE CAT. ONE DREAM. ONE DESTINY."
"When I try to get off reddit"
"When I type reddit.com in the address bar when I'm already on Reddit"
"Let me get that wedgie for you"
"Let me get that wedgie for you (from r/funny)"
"Maybe she had an itch?"
"Honey  can you scratch my asshole?"
"Diggin for gold"
"I bet he sniffed his fingers after"
"PSY vs. justin bieber"
"This appeared on my facebook today"
"So this was on my facebook newsfeed (fixed)"
"Pokemon  drawn as Japanese Yokai spirits."
"Pokemon: Traditional Japanese Art Style."
"Found this gem on Facebook."
"Such a douche move"
"Frank the cat"
"Frank the cat"
"Frank looked over the majestic rocky coast..."
"Frank the cat."
"Oh frank.."
"So majestic."
"Watching Italy in the Euro games is like seeing stereotypes in real time."
"Shaddap you face  Claudio Marchisio."
"Italians Communicating in World Cup"
"Italians..."
"Epic Beard Time?"
"Last chance workout."
"I work out."
"Al Pacino and Christopher Walken"
"Planking irish style"
"THE BEST RAGE COMIC EVER"
"/b/ tried to make a rage comic...I wish they hadn't."
"Awesome photo of a submarine battle"
"Family values"
"Christmas with family. NSFW"
"Cat tunnel sofa"
"A helping hand at the local train station..."
"Transformer!"
"You know it!"
"Smurf Daddy Strikes Again"
"YES I'M HOME FR--"
"YES I'M HOME FR-- (x-post from r/gifs)"
"This is how I feel watching the NFL this week since my team was knocked out of the playoffs last week..."
"Consider yourself warned"
"Scumbag WiFi Thief"
"steve..."
"Fuck you  man  fuck you."
"So my mom texts me...."
"Fuck you Dad."
"Hated this guy in college"
"One nation under....Chtulhu? I don't even..."
"lava [pic]"
"who opened the oblivion gate"
"Apparently there is a fellow redditor at the animal shelter I volunteer at..."
"Found a fellow redditor at the animal shelter I volunteer at"
"What must you NEVER  EVER type into Google?"
"Calvin and Hobbes on life"
"Emma Watson  marry me."
"That look. You know the one."
"To 90 percent of the posts on r/AMA..."
"This whole wedding thing feels good."
"On a vacation. It wouldn't have mattered."
"How Reddit reacts to nerdy girls."
"Reddit and I."
"It's probably just me"
"I ate dinner at a friend's house the other night."
"Socially awkward penguin on love"
"Can't believe this happened yesterday."
"Is it bad that i do this?"
"Happens all the time."
"Why I hate going to malls"
"I actually do this more often than I should..."
"How I feel towards kids after babysitting..."
"When my son took a shit on the floor outside of the bathroom"
"I told you not to use bleach"
"Bleach"
"SHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"It is safe to say you're fucked."
"Tip of a butterfly tongue"
"Microscopic image of a butterfly tongue."
"Well it's not like I'm using my body anymore"
"Secretly We Are Gay"
"Grandma on 2girls 1cup (sfw)"
"In case you want earrings for the ears on your ears"
"Baby Slot hugging his giraffe friend!"
"Daylight Savings"
"P.S. Ninjas are dumb."
"Best poll for voter turnout I have ever seen"
"Hell  here I come!"
"Hi  I'm Jesus Christ"
"x-post"
"Shocking Pic of Chaiten Volcano eruption"
"Eruption Meets Lightning Storm"
"From the bowels of the Earth"
"The price of being a sheep is boredom."
"My reaction when someone writes top or feed."
"Epic Cake"
"Good morning"
"I googled &quot;How do I kill reddit&quot;..."
"Spidercat"
"Spidercat"
"Saw this on facebook earlier."
"A great depiction of the epic Apple vs Samsung courtroom battle"
"A local photographer recently uploaded this... made a little edit for him"
"How to cook Pizza Rolls like a Boss"
"When I see someone I know from school out in public."
"Silly cat  that's for sandwiches!"
"Cat toast anyone?"
"How I look like when my mom walks on me at 1 AM when I'm eating"
"Every time I go to the bathroom...this is watching me."
"It stands there  judging you"
"Prepare yourself"
"I love doing this"
"Who knew Boaz had a lot of cousins?"
"the bible isn't ALL stupid"
"So many lions"
"Evidence that The universe pissed off Chuck Norris once. The Black Eye Galaxy [Pic]"
"I don't know what to think about this."
"I wonder if it tasted funny..."
"Oh! Canada!"
"Photos taken in the middle of Olympic dives."
"Calvin and Hobbs"
"When my roommate told me he didn't like The Dark Knight Rises because it was too violent"
"When I found out the girl I'm talking to is from 9gag."
"I saw the sign"
"My parents always ask for the computer when I'm on reddit."
"I Have Had It With These MotherFucking Sharks In This MotherFucking Base!"
"Office of Selgas Cano in Madrid"
"The most dedicated drive-thru employee."
"Missing..."
"I spent all day watching this  I regret nothing"
"Star Wars Figurines: Mint in Box"
"So this is me now that I've gone to see TDKR."
"2 guys 1 handshake."
"Socially awkward fist bump"
"I hate when this happens..."
"How I feel when I forget a friend's handshake."
"I'm not a surgeon so I don't know what the hell this surgical procedure is called [nsfl?]"
"This is a magnificent surgical technique called The Groin Flap"
"The only fun way to have a heart attack"
"Goddamit  I'm tired."
"Desperate Star Wars fan"
"Why would you even take a picture of that?"
"Trying to make it to the front page"
"Cat freaks out over laser pointer"
"WOOP WOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOP"
"Laser + Cat ="
"Meet Snowball  The Side-Winding Cat."
"Slowest Basket Ever."
"hoopdown"
"Sundown swoosh"
"Just a little hug!"
"how?.. HOW?"
"How I feel after breaking up with my longtime gf and having to return to the party scene to meet girls"
"Keep firing assholes"
"Anytime the teacher calls on you in college and you get the answer right"
"for my cake day  this is me after finishing my college app"
"Helping my 2nd grade neighbor with his homework"
"I locked my keys  phone  wallet  and AAA card in my car"
"Hitching a ride."
"Dolphin and Whale"
"Dolphin Missile ready to launch in 3...2...1..."
"The Carina Nebula"
"Sean Connery in Zardoz"
"Remember kids"
"How did the dinosaurs die ?"
"how did dinosaurs die?"
"How did the Dinosaurs die?"
"How did the Dinosaurs die?"
"Shit like this  creationists."
"Why the dinosaurs really were made extinct..."
"Looks like i had to so things didnt get real"
"Trashcan."
"Went on a date last night. I was a Grumpy cat this morning.."
"Cthulhu Larva (A.K.A. Abyssal Sea Cucumber)"
"New pet? I hope not"
"I just  I don't  Ew. Just Ew."
"Easily the creepiest thing I've ever seen. Introducing: The Abyssal Sea Cucumber."
"How I feel when I see video links."
"Milk"
"ONCE."
"...and it never happened again!"
"Baby Snow Monkey Settling into to Hot Spring Bath"
"Working on final projects around this time of year"
"Being a group project leader in college"
"This is why you shouldn't buy an iPhone 5."
"How I imagine what it feels like to make the front page."
"When I make a grammar mistake in a comment"
"Saw this yesterday....."
"I don't wan it"
"Best Pumpkin Dance Yet"
"Whargarbl..."
"The retard conversation"
"Buuuuuurn"
"I'm sick of fish"
"Thank for all the fish!!!!!"
"You're such an asshole dad.."
"I laughed way harder then I should have at this."
"Still Waiting"
"If it takes forever..."
"The feel I get."
"Pleased to meet you"
"How I feel when someone tells me to exersize."
"Tom Hardy after wearing his Bane mask for TDKR"
"The downside to being Bane. Tan lines."
"It's my cakeday! This is exciting  right?"
"How i usually respond to surprise parties(as demonstrated by Mr.Stephen Colbert)."
"Congratulations! It's a girl!"
"99 Luftballons"
"DJing done right."
"then explain reddit?"
"Hulk"
"Hulk mad! Hulk photobomb puny human girls!"
"Goes from cute to Yeowtch"
"Nobody said Turtles fight fair. NSFM(not safe for men) O.O"
"Never fight with a turtle .."
"Just a turtle and a dog"
"Blatant turtle post"
"Ouch"
"....what the fuck did I just read?"
"censorship!"
"Ways to pee"
"When Bubbilicious Attacks"
"Nokia- Connecting people"
"Luck"
"Sweet Karma"
"I sure hope she works here."
"the things you see nowadays..."
"The &quot;I FAIL&quot; tower."
"Are you from Paris?"
"Hungry Hungry...."
"Your marbles  give them to me."
"Reddit  for my cakeday  this is what I got for you"
"What I saw up in the sky on the night of the Perseid Meteor Shower"
"MFW the HALO 2 servers were shut down"
"Whenever makeup companies discontinue a fantastic product"
"Awkward Elevator Ride"
"Oh Snorlax.."
"Paint me..."
"Lady Gaga before the meth."
"Egypt: the building I thought was in front is actually behind the other one. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Egypt: the building I thought was in front is actually behind the other one. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Mindblowing x-post from r/pics. View at a 7 or higher  will captivate for +30 seconds"
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"Kept misreading it"
"Keep misreading it..."
"High Fives To My Bros"
"Might be a repost  but I've been watching this for about twenty minutes now."
"For the past 6 years  a German Shephard named Capitán has slept next to the grave of his owner every night at 6pm"
"Baby Chameleons"
"Giving Mama a kiss"
"The fail of all fails"
"Accidentally reposted something which then got upvoted"
"When I go on a date with a girl"
"High Schoolers."
"Spongebob goes to High School"
"This Explains A Lot Actually"
"There goes the bubble"
"I Am Leg"
"I AM LEG"
"The first thing I would do if I had a Portal gun [FIXED]"
"The first thing I would do if I had a Portal gun [FIXED]"
"If guys owned portal guns"
"Says it all . . ."
"Sums-up tumblr pretty well"
"Deal with it."
"MRW i take all of the red skittles."
"When people insult my friends and I for taking a Male Choreography course..."
"she scared me half to death with this pic  my friend printed it and woke me up ans shoved it my face.... enjoy......"
"Take that!"
"Sticky kiss"
"Now kiss... FOREVER"
"Whip it"
"Well shit  if we're talking about games we used to play in school..."
"Ungrateful bitch."
"I go to a predominantly asian college  this is me every time someone waves at me."
"Whats on Reddit today? [FIXED]"
"What's on Reddit today? [Fixed]"
"Starting young..."
"This is what I think after getting paid"
"I made my son a fire truck birthday cake from scratch and it actually didn't turn out terrible."
"Pretty cold and rainy where I live..."
"We've all thought about it"
"After Seeing all of These Far Cry 3 Posts"
"After getting absolutely no up-votes from my posts.."
"When I see how much these get upvoted."
"After not drinking for a few weeks and then having 3 pints."
"After Watching &quot;The Hobbit&quot; (Fixed)"
"My thought while having mashed potatoes with dinner tonight..."
"How I felt after seeing an infomercial telling people they would win favor with god if they sent a check for $273."
"How I feel when I think I've submitted something golden to reddit and it keeps getting downvoted."
"My reaction when browsing /r/gonewild and think I know the OP"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"May be a repost. Bill Fucking Murray."
"One word- Bill Murray."
"I'll just leave this right here..."
"love this pic"
"Been replaying Ocarina of Time. I had forgotten how bad a certain part is..."
"The most annoying person in Skyrim"
"I Feel Pretty"
"Derp."
"Rusted Vito"
"Downy"
"See you in hell"
"Your Going to hell if you laugh."
"I feel bad for laughing (xpost)"
"I am on a first class flight to hell"
"Ultra Downy"
"I find this comforting"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Rainy Noire"
"Perfect with a glass of whiskey"
"There's something special about this gif."
"Super Chill"
"Perfect timing."
"DAMN Eclipse you scary"
"Airplane going through an eclipse"
"This is truly one of the creepiest thing I've ever seen"
"I'm glad the Soda Pop Board of America has always been so concerned about our children's future."
"Just got this in the mail. Starting my son ASAP"
"Sorry if this has been posted before  just wanted to share the gift of awesome."
"My favorite comic"
"Laserjesus the superhero."
"He disproved Jeebus right there."
"evolution of a slutty bee"
"Redditor kidnaps child and dresses her up in a bumblebee costume for 21 years for that sweet karmic nectar"
"Evolution of a Slutty Bee (x-post r/pics)"
"Movember Win!"
"Cutest cross-eyed Cat"
"Superheroes explained by a math nerd"
"Skrillex - The Most Efficient Mop! &quot;Get Yours Today&quot;"
"Every time I see a bee..."
"Cooking with Skrillex"
"Silly skrilly"
"This shit gets me every time"
"Drop the Bass"
"sweet set-up"
"Why men shouldn't give advice."
"Luck of the Irish"
"The force es muy fuerte with this one..."
"The force is strong with this one"
"A true hero. Made my shitty day!"
"god fucking dammit"
"I see a potential problem..."
"I think this picture of Zach Galifinakis fits in here."
"Googled Zach Galifianakis  was not disappointed..."
"Standing at 10 light years tall..."
"Glock Underwater"
"Me and Diet Dr. Pepper  every time"
"this is just disgusting"
"One day we will all be Santa."
"The Four Stages of Life (A Shirt)"
"When I think about studying for my finals..."
"Lavender fields in France"
"Apple is relentless"
"your average redditor"
"Found this in the children's aisle"
"Brought this for my wife to save me the trouble."
"Smart kid. Answered the question completely."
"made in china"
"China vs. Germany"
"You go  Glenn Coco!"
"Doesn't matter where you come from  who you are or how you were brought up. We all bleed the same. [From FB]"
"That is Mr. Kitty to you kind sir."
"Yes  quite"
"Penderecki + OAG"
"Never let Penderecki meet OAG"
"Atheists"
"I live in a small town and my friend asked me what I do for fun"
"&quot;today is the day&quot; yeah... i don't know either."
"The Sponge Man"
"Keep calm.."
"Gaben's favorite book as a child."
"I recommend this book."
"My mom decided not to drag me to church this Easter"
"As a broke college student  any time I have to watch the cashier swipe my debit card..."
"How I feel as an Egyptian seeing all those posts about Egypt"
"Upvote Island"
"jam"
"R.I.P Mike"
"R.I.P. Mike"
"They said not to call anymore."
"How I feel when I come back from the gym"
"Now I know where my confident personality comes from."
"No touchie!"
"Staring at this and laughed for a good five minutes."
"Arrested During A Haircut"
"Doesn't look half bad"
"This guy was arrested in the middle of a haircut."
"Crowd at the London Olympic Closing Ceremonies"
"Why do I find this so funny?"
"I cantaloupe"
"It Is time"
"Yes. Yes it is."
"There's a goddamn difference!"
"This is a serious issue"
"It's a serious issue"
"How I feel going through r/aww"
"Racism is still alive."
"A serious issue."
"suckonthedickimashark gives some advice"
"A serious issue.."
"The one battle no man comes back from"
"How to Argue with a Woman"
"Possibly the best markers in the history of markers"
"Today  after 20+ years of pain and suffering  I have come to grips with my addiction to huffing and admit I have a problem."
"Boxer and horse"
"Three of my favorite thing  Stan Lee  Classical music  and lets have the last one be a suprise"
"Classic does it again."
"Before &amp; After (Shanghai in 20 yrs - 1990 vs 2010)"
"Shanghai 1990 vs 2010"
"Shanghai  China. Before-1990 After-2010."
"What's that thing called coming up the east coast?"
"Just filed my taxes. This is how my wife and I looked when we found out how much our Federal return was going to be."
"Dancing with Mr. Curly (Credit to iammrtim for the idea)"
"Something about this just screams Twin Peaks at me. You?"
"Rapper's Delight"
"A novel approach to walking the dog."
"I am too tired...."
"gosh i just..the cuteness..."
"daddy i'm scared"
"How do you breath out of that thing!? (semi-NSFW)"
"Silly Elephant!"
"That's not how it works...."
"Elephant vs. Man"
"Biology... potentially nsfw."
"But How Do You Eat With It?"
"Carrie Fisher AKA Princess Leia"
"What Rihanna's background on SNL reminded me of."
"Fuck everyone?"
"Oh  Tumblr..."
"How I feel when my wife gets me to buy &quot;feminine products&quot; for her...."
"Ninjas  they start at an early age."
"What it feels like when a re-post gets more upvotes then the original."
"What it's like when someone beats me to posting a funny link"
"Sally was always evil."
"I found Gragas IRL"
"Fellow Redditors can someone please give me the source of this gif please?"
"Nice Tattoo?"
"I've seen some strange tattoos  but this one..."
"Seriously bro?"
"Do you? Really?"
"Photo of a tiger my sister shot in Bali."
"How Girls see you when you compliment them online"
"Awesome stuff like this just doesn't get made anymore."
"What happened to the head?"
"The real bear chair!"
"Redditor makes retarded status  takes picture for instant Karma."
"The sun is not a star!!1 (x-post from r/funny)"
"My &quot;I just finished my last final exam&quot; Dance"
"fat kid works it"
"Little Biggie"
"A girl sent this to me...she knows her place"
"That's right  sweetheart"
"Dreams and goals are distracting me!"
"First attempt at getting banned from r/feminism"
"I should just give up my university education."
"Don't fuck with America."
"America:"
"Creepy lemur"
"The stuff of nightmares"
"Seasonal allergies GTFO!!"
"Yeah Flowers!"
"Welcome to Fractal Beach."
"Can't. Stop. Watching. (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Is it still zooming in?"
"Screw the bat  get me a mace"
"Screw the bat  give me a mace - FIXED (maybe NSFL)"
"Women logic"
"My sister and her friend spent a weekend at the cabin  came back to this.."
"you gave me the number at the bar but.."
"you gave me the wrong number"
"Wrong number."
"Renewable energy?"
"I'm a fan."
"This zombie doesn't want your brains..."
"Illegal Immigrants Crossing the Border"
"Tire swings."
"Tire Swings."
"he was a good tire"
"Steam Summer Sale"
"Saw this the other day"
"I don't think that's right... [x-post from r/WTF]"
"Japan has the best sales."
"JUST DISCOVERED: The dastardly Tiger Squirrel"
"What should I be thinking?"
"Ice crystals in the air creating pillars of light over Jackson  Wyoming"
"Engineering flowchart"
"The Dark Knight"
"Bat Cat"
"Never take a man's anti-spontaneous-combustion pills"
"After marathoning through a TV series in a few days and realizing you now have to wait a WEEK between each new episode."
"My reaction to the ending of tonight's episode"
"Me with the Saints at 0-4"
"Cuteness"
"Just a baby dolphin"
"Any room here for a baby dolphin?"
"My friend thought he had a good idea on the river."
"Hammock boat"
"cool way to chill on the water"
"Guys  this exists..."
"Bitch steals ball from little girl"
"There's a place in hell for people like this"
"Ball: 1; Human worthiness: 0"
"how i feel when my comment gets more karma then the post"
"Terrible place for a family trip"
"From the Arkansas Tourism Board"
"Arkansas"
"Tarzan?"
"Creativity is worth more than a dollar."
"Fastest street legal CPU of all time"
"I'm talking about 1GHz here."
"What the heck Facebook"
"Gets me everytime."
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"Every repost on reddit ever [FIXED]"
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"Reposts."
"How r/Trees reacts to Reposts"
"Great shot of a Mushroom Cloud"
"Boom."
"The failure of her logic astounds me."
"Science fact! [FB]"
"Norwegian twin babes"
"Norwegian twins dropped out of junior high school to live in the wilderness - Thought it was a cool picture. (Video in comments)"
"Overly Manly Chicks"
"How to Understand a Woman."
"A new book called &quot;Understanding Women&quot; is coming out this spring  here is a sneak peek of part 1."
"He's just a little husky..."
"I'm not fat.."
"Oh hi"
"Josh will avenge her"
"Whoa"
"Damn it. Not again! Every time I move in to a new house... (NSFW)"
"Braaaaaaaaaainss"
"I mean yeah  you got to put them somewhere  but why a tub? NSFL"
"What should you drink with breakfast?"
"Amazing Black Panther"
"This is all the things you love."
"My childhood is made of this."
"Pour chats seulement"
"&quot;For cats only&quot; (x-post r/quebec)"
"'For Cats Only'"
"Cats only."
"Mystery solved."
"Soda or pop?"
"What couples do when they're alone at home"
"My bike never gets stolen"
"Only half of the building loaded..."
"A building in downtown Chicago that looks perfectly flat."
"Just a day at the salon..."
"Not to forget  fucking a unicorn."
"Laser Pointer Time"
"Wide angle lens"
"Royalty."
"Quite hilarious indeed!"
"Barack Obama's head carved out of a pencil point."
"MFW somebody tries to start a fight with me"
"This has been my source laughing for the past days."
"That moment when your phone has no signal"
"Don't crash your hard drive..!!!"
"Always backup! Actually made me LOL."
"Do U Even Lift?"
"Skydiving over England. Beautiful"
"Denied!"
"First..."
"How often do you suppose this guy gets pulled over?"
"wat"
"This is an old one  but it gets me every time!"
"Ooh! So close..."
"When she tells me &quot;just the tip&quot;"
"Just an ordinary 1$ coin of Nieu Island"
"This is an actual coin with Pikachu on the reverse side. It was manufactured by an island nation called Niue"
"Reddit's Favorite Restaurant"
"A hard lesson learned."
"I love basic cable."
"The hunchCat of Notre Dame"
"Earth Is Awesome"
"Satellite captures day and night"
"The most beautiful downvote"
"This is one downvote I don't mind seeing."
"mmmmm tacos"
"aww  maybe it doesn't say it  but it loves you too bro"
"I didn't know kittens came this cute!"
"My frog hat is not amused"
"A frog ate mah kitteh"
"Introducing Frogcat"
"Typed &quot;cute&quot; into Google images. Was not disappointed."
"Ribbit ribbit"
"this kity is hard to chew said the frog"
"Ribbit."
"Getting ready for Halloween"
"To protect the hood and its reputation... [x-post from r/funny]"
"the definition of chocolate addiction"
"Baby Haloween Costume?"
"At first I thought it was horribly dirty..."
"Don't fuck with tigers."
"i never though id feel sad for a fictional crab..."
"Well that explains it"
"How the leaning tower of Pisa was really built"
"Man's Best Friend"
"How the world was created."
"How the world was created"
"Funny because it's true"
"Old  but so gold."
"The guy I've been seeing just told me he was a Creationist"
"When you're &quot;asleep&quot; and two virgins start having loud sex next to you"
"Googled Michael Jackson  not disappointed."
"Parents never understand..."
"I can totally understand where she's coming from"
"I laugh so hard every time"
"People will do anything to capture the perfect family photo."
"Anything for the shot..."
"How I feel during thunderstorms"
"Hedgehog is shy"
"Guangxi  China."
"Let there be lobster cock."
"It was aliens!"
"Responding to r/politics."
"How I feel arguing with close-minded theists on the internet."
"How I feel after reading my Facebook newsfeed for a minute"
"How getting in a comment fight on Reddit feels."
"Every f@#$ing Monday morning"
"How i imagine the Welsh language was invented."
"Internet arguments.."
"What i imagine people who type in all caps look like."
"Sugar Sugar"
"Sloth Kong"
"Found the perfect place for this"
"A cause i would've rallied for."
"yes we do!"
"this might have already been posted here"
"I think this sums up a lot of religious people."
"What I'd do every day if i was an elephant"
"What I'd do every day if i was an elephant [x-post from pics]"
"Essentially the ending of The Dark Knight Rises"
"SPOILER: The end of TDKR"
"[SPOILERS] All I could think about at the end of The Dark Knight Rises"
"SPOILER: the ending to The Dark Knight Rises"
"The True Inspiration for The Dark Knight Rises Ending"
"I typically don't have any trouble getting into my straps... but every once in a while..."
"Amazing hotel infinity pool somewhere in the east."
"Awesome pool (Marina Bay Sands development in Singapore)"
"Is this gif perfectly looped?"
"If Rick Santorum gets the nomination  want to move to Canada? (image from the front page)"
"Is it bad that i'm rooting for the sharks this time?"
"Lonely Panda is lonely."
"My first re-post FTW!"
"Nothing gonna' slow Panda down."
"The Best Face Swap Of All Time"
"Super Mario Money."
"Abstinence  not 100% effective"
"When I first got Reddit"
"How I feel listening to the live coverage of Curiosity landing.."
"I'm good with the ladies..."
"New Pickup Line"
"Freddy Mercury had style."
"If you're going to be stupid  don't do it on Facebook..."
"the stupidity is astounding"
"/sp/ goes to the movies."
"When I get home after a long day."
"What I do the second I get home"
"Found this while searching for Willem Dafoe's penis."
"A bully called my friends and I &quot;The fruit basket.&quot; We were inspired. Here are our uniforms for our school's dodgeball tournament."
"Fuck everything about this."
"One reason I don't like getting in the ocean."
"The goblin shark... simply no."
"Look what an ex-solider buddy of mine gets to drive."
"NOPPEEE"
"Obama getting hung by a shell gas station on Bay Meadows Road."
"Jacksonville Florida Shell has station has a Obama look alike mannequin being hanged."
"Stay classy  Texas! (seen outside a Shell station)"
"How I feel when I'm on mobile and accidentally hit the hide button instead of the link."
"How I feel compared to the rest of reddit about the whole 'Doomba' thing."
"What're you looking at!?!?"
"Wish I could remember where I found this to give the original uploader credit"
"shopping assistant!"
"so my friends cat got into her shopping bag..."
"Oh  Johnny Bravo."
"voodoo pizza dance [x-post from /thesims]"
"Walk it Out: Wat edition"
"Black cat gives no fucks."
"Happy thing is happy"
"I wish I were as happy as this elephant seal."
"This is what happens when I bing 'cute things' for my cake day..."
"I know I know  you're looking at the comb over"
"gotta love bikini girl flops"
"I thought of Ron Swanson"
"Ice cave in the Mutnovsky Volcano  Russia"
"Ice cave Near the Mutnovsky volcano in Russia"
"Mark Twain was one of us"
"The force is strong with this one."
"I heard you like ships that ship  so here's a picture of a ship shipping ships that ship."
"Here is ships being shipped by a .. ship (x post from r/pics) 600x398"
"So I was playing Giant Jenga with my family...[FIXED]"
"This subreddit in a nutshell (x-post from r/funny)"
"yo dawg"
"Head Taped Prank [PIC]"
"How I feel getting upvotes in r/science"
"Interesting men statistics"
"It's all about statistics"
"Star Trek 2013 First Look"
"I Don't Know How It Came Out This Way"
"Obama  after cramming his head full of facts and figures in preparation for the Tuesday night debate with Romney"
"Motives of Batman villians"
"They will never get along..."
"My GF owns a cat and a dog. How I feel after she tells me she has more Karma than me after her first day on Reddit..."
"[HIFW] Netflix has the film I want to watch but not in instant streaming."
"30 mins to Curiosity landing..."
"Being a young atheist that doesn't have a choice in whether or not he goes to church on Sundays or not."
"After two months  how I feel waiting for my mom and her new girlfriend to get through their honeymoon phase..."
"Everybody deserves to be treated equally"
"Being racist while promoting anti-racism"
"TIL my Fake PSA has been taken seriously and made the internet rounds a while ago."
"Tailgating at it's finest."
"So my friend's rabbit loved pulling his blanket."
"Just Zach being Zach"
"Saw this on a friends wall  badass old woman."
"me neither"
"Classic Ice Cube"
"Scumbag dumbledore"
"Most adorable family pic ever (NPH - Halloween  sorry if repost)"
"First argumentation on a CS private-server..."
"Amazing watermelon art"
"Watermelon Lion"
"Well then."
"Why Giraffes are better than Elephants."
"Keeping the Feels"
"Man  I love Super Smash Bros!"
"THATS IT  IM DONE. No more internet for me today."
"By far the best picture on the internet (x-post funny)"
"Don't ask me to explain. Because I can't. (X-post from r/pics)"
"THATS IT  IM DONE. No more internet for me today. (sayed the redditor never)"
"Cant get you out of my head [FIXED]"
"Can't get my head around you!"
"On the catwalk"
"What i'll be doing for the next week"
"HEHEUHEHAHEAHUEH"
"Don't get me started"
"MFW My English teacher said the word &quot;Mechanical&quot; and I'm an engineering student."
"Explosion"
"milk carton &quot;suggestion&quot;"
"New employee training"
"Employee training (xpost from r/funny)"
"When my girlfriend suggests that we have sex while she is on her period."
"The Black Shadow"
"Small collection of wallpapers if you want some"
"Puberty! You did 66% right."
"my heart's in over drive and you're behind the steering wheel"
"How we do things here"
"When I go to a swimming pool after watching pro swimmers"
"Donald Rumsfeld"
"Well  that blows"
"New Restored Faith in Humanity"
"I thought this was funny. The guy's name is August Landmesser."
"I thought you were dead!"
"Starting bid: US $550.00"
"A mummified cat slam dunking a mummified bird. Only $750."
"Wtf eBay"
"A necessary component to any family room"
"Cuteness overload."
"A picture definition of scarred for life"
"Happy Canada day!"
"Happy Canada day! [FOXED]"
"Happy Canada Day!"
"canada represent"
"More amazing than WTF. The ulnar artery  and tendons of the hand."
"Haters gonna hate  hamsters gonna potate"
"baked potato guinea pig"
"What It feels Like Being Down Voted To Oblivion"
"My favorite fight gif"
"I thought this was amazing. I wish more people saw the majesty of our universe."
"I'm Not Afraid"
"Season's Greetings!"
"Season's Greetings..."
"Sent to me by my dad."
"Season's greet..wait  wft?"
"Facebook  you never fail to surprise me."
"One of my favorite pictures on the internet  just in time for the winter season. Season's greetings  everyone!"
"So everyone's showing off christmas cards? Here's mine! (messed up)"
"And to all a good night..."
"So I Google Imaged &quot;Happy Holidays&quot; today..."
"Still the best Christmas picture Ive ever seen."
"Seasons Greetings!"
"Where's The Reddit Alien?"
"Adorable pit (pit mix?) puppy with a very serious expression on his face!"
"Amazing ice sculpture"
"Shades"
"The Nyan Hangover"
"it was all a dream... (x-post from r/lolcats)"
"What? Wasn't me."
"Suddenly  cat."
"Nintendo's New Ad Campaign"
"Game of the century"
"Why parents  why?!"
"The Special Olympics FB page shared this... She certainly is!"
"I hope this doesn't catch on."
"I hope this doesn't catch on."
"HEADSHOT...DOUBLE KILL"
"Whenever I submit my link to another subreddit in hopes of recouping some lost karma."
"Guess I got my swagger back"
"Uhhh....yeah..."
"TIL......Wut?"
"Who remembers this one?"
"Everybody seems to be talking about nostalgia. Anybody remember this little game?"
"One of my absolute favorites in the GIF collection"
"New use for RITZ [GIF]"
"Just give up already"
"How I feel trying to click Short titled links from my smartphone"
"Behead all those..."
"Bike hoarder."
"image search for &quot;cough&quot; = invisible blowjobs everywhere"
"Guys  I'm bringing the Mario party to you"
"The whole family!"
"Semi used tail whip! It's super effective!"
"He sold the boat and bought a plane (seems legit)"
"Pilot dog..."
"As a plumber  this is my reaction to most &quot;blocked toilet&quot; calls."
"Staying with my uncle for the weekend  checked out his grow/stash room while he was at work."
"For me  this is the best part of the fall season."
"Shoo!"
"What I feel like doing after browsing /new"
"How I feel when I'm on the internet"
"These things amaze me."
"the decepticons are coming"
"Taxi!"
"Om nom nom nom nom."
"A priest giving a man his last rites."
"These two guys belong here"
"Whut. ._."
"My friend is getting divorced and this is the sign outside of his divorce lawyer's office."
"This replacement ref was probably great with banana peels in Mario Kart"
"New refs love Mario Kart"
"Oh  you thought you were going to make the front page?"
"I see your dancing skittles girl and raise you dis..."
"Sarah Silverman Lookalike dancing"
"oppa cleaninglady style (gif)"
"anything is made more delightful with a tophat and a monacle"
"Hat."
"I laughed."
"Finally  Facebook delivers"
"Captain America's shield"
"The truth behind Captain America's Shield"
"Thanks to me being on vacation this week once I get Borderlands 2 tomorrow I will never see this..."
"Husband told me I was sending him too many reddit links...my response"
"In light of recent events  this might be true"
"The empire strikes back... at the empire state building."
"Tough Guy"
"faces of a coin"
"male domination"
"&quot;It's too big for me!&quot;"
"Laughterhouse"
"Slaughter house"
"Garden Party"
"Like a boss."
"Neo-nazi milk footbath"
"Nazi and milk"
"WTF is happening here?"
"Pretty sure this belongs here. WAT?"
"This is the picture I had up on my screen when my elderly coworker came up behind me out of the blue. She assumed it was related to the Aurora shooter. [repost]"
"White Power Milk"
"I'm really not sure what's going on here..."
"wut..."
"A normal afternoon in Nazi Germany."
"I think I just won at WTF."
"All my wuts  a couple of my the's and exactly half of my fucks. (Xpost r/4chan)"
"no power rangers no"
"Romney reaching out to a new demographic."
"wharrgarbl: airblower edition"
"My friend told me to go to pandafuck.com..."
"Hearing about /r/poop and going to it"
"My Neighbor Jake"
"Whenever I see rain in a gif  I think of this song"
"adventure time  sunset boulevard style"
"Adventure.gif"
"My favorite picture. Not OP"
"Should be as important as there I.d. (carried @all times) all negative results will be reported to the b.v.b &quot;better vag bureau&quot; ;/"
"How i feel after getting my first upvote!"
"Receiving Karma:"
"This is the only youtube comment that I have really laughed out loud at"
"the reason why I thank canada during thanksgiving"
"A new meaning to 'hole in one' [NSFW]"
"Women logic."
"A simple flowchart."
"Beware of dog."
"Beware of dog..."
"Beware of dog..."
"GTA dating logic"
"West End London  1949  Piccadilly Circus looking up Shaftsbury Avenue"
"A magical picture of 1949 London."
"I'm bringing the party to you."
"Bringing the party  Iron Man style"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Clumsy Emo Guy"
"OP Goes to the Movies."
"Perfect fit..."
"Apocalypse Now"
"Made this for a friend.."
"HIFW I realize I have 25 pages worth of term papers to write for tomorrow morning."
"Cupcakes! Oh god... what have I done..."
"Nam... Tough Shit"
"Whenever I remember the fact I've seen two girls one cup."
"I'd definitely give that kid a dollar."
"Street performance"
"My reaction when discovering the little cake next to my comments today."
"Since we're on the topic  does anyone remember THIS educational game?"
"My reaction when i see a spider"
"My response to the direction that r/WTF is going in."
"When I discovered my girlfriends ex was my former bully as child"
"My exact reaction after watching Hot Problems (x/r/gifs)"
"Started playing Amnesia: The Dark Descent last night  this is similar to my reaction the first time I encountered the monster."
"My reaction to the Taken 2 trailer..."
"When I found out Rob DenBleyker and I were born on the same day"
"Welp  I've got my Halloween costume picked out for next year..."
"Wake up  Jesus [PIDJIN]"
"Jesus Is Back... It's Payback Time"
"Jesus' Second Coming [Comic]"
"Just a pig napping..."
"Pig and pig."
"Take a walk with me."
"Will Smith shows you how it's done"
"Finding out you don't have work today"
"Do ya Thing"
"Do your thing Will Smith"
"I see your Incredible Dragon Cake and raise you an equally Incredible Octopus Cake!"
"200-lb Octopus Cake"
"BEARDSLAP !"
"Beard slap"
"Beard Slap"
"Suddenly  Beard"
"A Submission to Reddit Involving Minor-Violence and Facial Hair."
"Poor kitty has a nightmare."
"Snuggles"
"DAWWW Nightmare"
"Because the world knows reddit loves cats"
"The cutest cat .GIF you'll see all week"
"Bad dreams baby? &lt;3"
"Nothing could ever be cuter than this"
"What a cat mom do when his baby are in nightmare..."
"This is the cutest cuddle you have ever seen in your life..."
"My talent level at sports:"
"What usually happens when I give my opinion to Reddit"
"You Poor Thing"
"Saying goodbye to a sweetheart (x-post from pics)(resolution unknown)"
"Real friends help you get the girl"
"Someone said put the WTF back on /r/WTF?"
"Trollbulb"
"Working in a movie theatre with the name &quot;Jacob&quot; this weekend"
"Octopus."
"Hey guys...where's the gym leader?"
"Hmm... Where is the gym leader?"
"After reading a weird story on reddit"
"Awesome title [cut cat gif]"
"How to anger Star Wars  Star Trek  Harry Potter  and Lord of the Rings fans all at once..."
"I googled &quot;how to offend reddit&quot; and found this"
"So....confused...."
"It would be a shame..."
"Since we're posting what hooked us to Reddit..."
"Goddamnit Stella"
"God damnit Stella!"
"Song of the People"
"Every Sunday..."
"It's Something About Those Eyes..."
"Every time I have a discussion with any boss."
"Woah."
"MFW I realized that the same actor who played the kid in The Dark Knight plays Joffery in GoT."
"MFW I realized that the same actor who played the kid in The Dark Knight plays Joffery in GoT."
"When I find out Bruce Willis is a ghost the whole time."
"Been a redditor for almost a year now and I just stumbled onto spacedicks for the first time"
"My friend just texted me this link in the middle of the night..."
"Alien vs. Predator: The Beginning"
"Alien Vs. Predator"
"dam roommates"
"Spoken like a true boss"
"John Lennon - Wise Words"
"Words to live by"
"Troll level: Vader"
"Hey buddy  your fly is open"
"Zipper hair is crazy"
"How I feel when I get woken up."
"poor kid"
"Slow mo ninja cat."
"Cat`s massage"
"Cute kitten giving another kitten a massage"
"After tracking down a movie from my childhood I cam up with this"
"My friends call me Biggles"
"This gif makes me laugh every time."
"How it feels when reddit distracts me from work. every. single. time."
"wzzat caek!?"
"Oh you!"
"Oh you!"
"They really need to get working on a sequel to this"
"Who else thinks this game should be released on PSN?"
"With all the Battle Front III posts  I thought we could use a change."
"Hipster iPad"
"The same color"
"A and B squares are the same color. My head just exploded."
"Stool sample  from spaceghetto."
"Best part of the Gangnam Style video"
"250 million youtube views each  brings you this."
"ATTENTION"
"So Vogue"
"I guess Norway is going to Hell..."
"Best room ever."
"What I'd do to spend even one night in this room.."
"Slides would be everywhere.."
"Every kids dream house. (X-post from r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"A different perspective [pic]"
"This is you when the phone rings while you are in the bathroom"
"Jesus on fucked up shit"
"What a disappointment"
"This must have hurt so much"
"Still my favourite fail gif."
"My granddad actually said this this morning while watching a news segment about drug use"
"Every time I smoke too much before a party..."
"Woke up realizing tomorrow is Monday"
"My face when my friend told me he is an atheist"
"When a weak Pokemon levels up really fast because it holds the Exp. Share while I fight the Elite Four"
"my reaction upon seeing any mckayla meme"
"When I see a post with 100+ upvotes and 0 comments..."
"Gordge upon getting admin"
"Checking back throughout the day as your post snowballs to more and more karma"
"Really Bill? I'm pretty much a scientist on that shit myself"
"Bill Nye does the stroke"
"Bill Bill Bill"
"Touching"
"More Like KUTE Klux Klan!"
"Just a kid and a cop."
"Everytime I see something new at the beach"
"Dude  that's deep"
"Maybe pick it up and rub soap on it every now and then?"
"Ma'am I believe you have crusty lifeforms developing on your skin"
"I don't even .."
"I gagged.. [NSFW]"
"What is that under her chin?"
"My New Backround"
"My GF would actually do this..."
"How Reddit Treats Up And Coming Posts. (Crossroad Guardians) [FIXED]"
"Deleting a link when it gets downvoted..."
"I don't wanna work"
"...Boneless?"
"Cannon blast at Moorpark Civil War reenactment"
"I came home to this..."
"Got home late last night and the wife left a message in the kitchen. I guess she wants me to eat more fruit"
"&quot;Gaht dammit Jake&quot;"
"It's adventure time  I tell you hwhat."
"When someone starts putting tobacco in a joint"
"After Scrolling Through 2 Pages Of The &quot;New&quot; Section"
"Worst.Superhero.Ever."
"cool costume"
"PokeKitten"
"My friend has gotta catch 'em all"
"TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA SQUIRTLES"
"Teenage mutant ninja squirtles!!!"
"TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA SQUIRTLES"
"Well doesn't this post just say it all.."
"This post just says it all.."
"Born to troll."
"visited /r/penis today for the first time..."
"Thar she blows!"
"And you thought YOU hated scraping off your car in the winter"
"Coloured ants"
"Ants drinking food colored water."
"Genius!!"
"Wat"
"His best role yet"
"Poot!"
"How I feel after browsing facebook"
"After 5 minutes of /new"
"when someone asks if i'm single..."
"When my wife asks me if I'm on Reddit instead of working on my thesis paper."
"Now for that watermelon."
"An atheists perfect picnic"
"Almost forgot!"
"Now for the watermelon"
"Heres some slight dark humor"
"Watermelons (and other things) are delicious."
"How i feel as a conservative mormon on reddit."
"Had a massive craving for these today and can't get them off my mind anymore...what happened to these?!?!"
"Wait  what?"
"Worst overreaction ever..."
"Chinese troll"
"lol friends!!!!!!!!!!"
"Ok this is too much"
"The tongue-eating louse. A parasite that eats the tongue of fishes and replaces it."
"What the hell is that"
"Corgi Food Coma"
"The Most Astounding Fact."
"Oh so sad"
"No one understands me"
"Mom  I just really need to focus on my art right now"
"Spend 10mins doing my hair so I don't look like an emo idiot. One gust of wind later."
"How I Don't Feel After Eating Pizza Hut's Garlic Bread Pizza"
"[NSFW] Son  I am dissapoint"
"Housekeeping!"
"Putin is a crab."
"TIL that on the average day i touch 15 penises and... well look..."
"Did you know"
"I kissed an Australian girl on NYE last night..."
"Scene bitch"
"I Smell a New Lawsuit"
"When I watch a reality show with my girlfriend."
"Watching a reality show with my girlfriend."
"Concerned dad"
"I lol'd hard with a vengeance."
"ZING!"
"boba fett without his mask ... WAT!?"
"A record cover from 1967. ...Hellooo ladies..."
"I saw this image and misread it  so I shopped it so I felt less dumb."
"When I'm rolling around on my bed in $270 and my sister walks in"
"Every time I see the new Nintendo system  I can't stop thinking of this"
"Have you ever had a funny idea only to find that the internet thought of it first?"
"Best words move ever?"
"Wordsmith level - God."
"Words with Friends level: God."
"oh HELL no..."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"The new popular boy band!"
"The mariachi version"
"True  I wish I could ..."
"How many months are in a month?"
"That was a nice free fall but..."
"fake cnn"
"Guys  I think he's on to something here..."
"the evocative power of a fake movie poster"
"stump chair"
"Lumberjacks hobby?"
"Siberian bear hunting suit/early Hellraiser"
"Hornets"
"Everything they touch turns to shit"
"4chan's depiction of the internet. Sad but true."
"This lil guy."
"Red pandas"
"Baby Red Panda trying to walk on his hind legs!"
"&quot;Menacing&quot; red panda cub (x-post from r/aww)"
"This definitely belongs here"
"Spider Woman Porn"
"This is what hooked me to reddit. The reddit police"
"The most epic of threads"
"And Now For Something Completely Different!"
"I can't think of a better GIF to show how imgur has acted tonight. - Imgur"
"How I feel about submissions with &quot;rage&quot; in the title"
"When redditors post pets they &quot;rescue&quot;"
"Whenever I hear the weather man announce a &quot;cold front&quot; in south Texas...."
"my reaction when a friend gifted me morrowind on steam"
"What am I doing with my life?"
"The resemblance in uncanny.."
"The resemblance in uncanny.. [xpost wtf]"
"Danish cop  skateboarding"
"Meanwhile in China"
"Researchers dressed in panda costumes put a panda cub into a basket before transferring it to a new living environment at the Hetaoping Research and Conservation Centre for the Giant Panda in Wolong National Nature Reserve  Sichuan province  China"
"You make me touch your hands for stupid reasons"
"You make me touch your hands"
"For my cakeday I've decided to give you my list of GIF conversation enhancers  enjoy!"
"For my cakeday I've decided to give you my list of GIF conversation enhancers  enjoy!"
"Almost didn't notice it was my cakeday  posted my favorite reaction .gif of all time  it's ok bro."
"Whenever I walk into a porta-potty (fixed)"
"Oh Snap  Jeremiah Bitsui (VICTOR) is doing an AMA!"
"When my brother tells me his new girlfriend is a redditor"
"When My brother tells me his new girlfriend is a redditor"
"i just found out my best friend is a creationist [FIXED]"
"SC2WCS: THE HYPE IN STOCKHOLM"
"SC2WCS: THE HYPE IN STOCKHOLM"
"The crowd for the StarCraft WCS European Finals in Stockholm at the Ericsson Globe"
"over 3.000 people in person and 100.000 people online watching Starcraft 2 Europe finals at the Ericsson Globe  Stockholm"
"Every summer  it's the same plan"
"The first thing I imagined when I saw the 'N64 Coffee Table' posts..."
"Pure Nostalgia!"
"Peter Higgs  original theorizer of the Higgs particle  smirking. After it's existence was rejected officially for 40 years  the Higgs Boson was confirmed to exist on September 25  2012."
"Mother goose protecting her young"
"Smiling Bear."
"Every Day she waits for him..."
"They say New York is the city that doesn't sleep. Have you seen ...."
"YEAH  PARKOUR! ... SHIT."
"She does have a point there."
"this was the highlight of my weekend!"
"Dad vs The Mole. Round One..."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Best of both worlds? NSFW"
"Now that's a hairy pussy! (NSFW)"
"Hey. My eyes are up here."
"Reddit in a nutshell NSFW"
"duckface level: over 9000"
"&quot;Honey  someone's at the door. Can you get it?&quot;"
"How I feel when I'm about to go to /gonewild"
"This is what I get when I Google &quot;door jack.&quot;"
"went straight up bucatini"
"Nobody's going to believe you"
"My brother (Irish) and his Korean girlfriend were wondering what their child would look like... I sent them this."
"Whenever my friend acts &quot;gangsta&quot;"
"Le. (NSFW)"
"Suspicious"
"I am not le failure!"
"Sometimes you just gotta say:"
"Hello  this is Dog  and I will be your driver today."
"Sometimes You Just Have To Pay A Guy For The Right Job"
"Haters gonna..."
"How I imagine socially awkward penguin to socially awesome penguin transitions."
"Haters gonna ..................................................................................hate (phew)"
"Hi there."
"Morning  Woody!"
"omg the car is running"
"Flash! AHH-ahh!"
"How I feel browsing r/ new for the first time."
"Still think polar bears are cute? [PIC]"
"Coca-Cola: Open Happiness"
"Wishes that never get old"
"Bitch please  I'm fabulous !"
"Everyone changes a little..."
"Ice Cube: Then and Now."
"Once apon a time Ice Cube was gangster..."
"Tanks muzzle flash."
"Got over 100 upvotes on one of my posts..."
"Ohh facebook"
"Good guy Samsung gives one Canadian the only customized Galaxy S III in Canada"
"The sun hit my toilet in a way that it looked like my toilet was glowing."
"nice eyes"
"WWII Bomber Wind Tunnel"
"This picture says a lot about 1930's Germany."
"The Greatest Board Game Ever!"
"Young Ian McKellen"
"A young Ian McKellan"
"Sir Ian McKellan  back in the day"
"Irresponsible dumbledore"
"Irresponsible Dumbledore (X-post from /r/harrypotter)"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"He has all my respect!"
"Aliens  please take me with you!"
"I've never got the idea of religion anyway"
"Forever alone  Milhouse edition."
"What it feels like to have a post stuck at one upvote"
"Forever Milhouse."
"Sometimes no votes are worse than downvotes  This is how it makes me feel."
"I wasn't talking to you"
"Stay the hell out of the ocean."
"I will never go near New Zealand  ever."
"The Truth Hurts [PIC]"
"swan dive"
"Swan dive"
"Edible embryonic fluid?"
"How hurricanes form  according to Colbert"
"Penis Envy?...Maybe a little (SFW)"
"Dodgeball Level: Bruce Lee"
"How to get to fifth base"
"How I feel about the Top 1 percent"
"The Feast"
"mass effect"
"found this while browsing  gamespot ( if Wis3boi is the creator all the glory to him)"
"FEELSGOODMAN"
"Cats and racks"
"Happy Kitty!"
"I would be that happy too."
"Looks like bubble-gum"
"Clint Eastwood and Paul Newman"
"How I feel when I submit a link  and the first 3 votes are downvotes."
"Colts owner Jim Irsay watching the the Denver game tonight."
"I'm in High School. I called my teacher 'mom'."
"Hearing &quot;YOLO&quot; when I'm tuned out of a conversation"
"Clint Eastwood  s*** just got real."
"When I click an image link only to find out it Lemon Party."
"Father  Son  and Elephant"
"It's Alright Little One"
"How I always felt as a child when my parents introduced me to someone new."
"The Hierarchy of Mustache"
"Tom Selleck fractal"
"Wise Words..."
"Clouds"
"Then they called me captain"
"When I get called on in class and wasn't paying attention."
"mfw I found out that the girl who told me she wasn't ready for a relationship a month ago is now in a relationship"
"TIL ants are bootylicious"
"Misty cosplay"
"Surprise toilet paper"
"To people who re-post"
"Ridiculously Track Meet Guy"
"Facebook  you really did it this time."
"So a friend of mine overheard this conversation while working at game stop."
"He has a point..."
"Friend was officially asked to be a photographer at the DNC. This is their fb post after asking to be credited for the photos they used."
"Tom Brady???"
"Oh a pelica...wat?"
"Anytime someone suggests going to In-N-Out"
"Reading my syllabus and finding out I don't need to buy a textbook for the class"
"Not sure how this is ever going to work."
"Nailed it."
"A normal day in the bus."
"Wait!"
"Box Inception"
"Omegle"
"Hey there Delilah  what's it like in your vagina?"
"Telekinesis"
"After a long night of drinking and brushing my teeth twice this morning  I show up to my job and greet my coworkers...."
"When I flush the toilet and a droplet lands on me"
"MFW some toilet water slashes on my face when plunging"
"Getting splashed while using the toilet plunger"
"This aquarium is fucking awesome!"
"A Good Point"
"Whenever my friend gets more upvotes than me"
"O hai!"
"Meet Promachoteuthis sulcus  a bizarre creature straight out of your nightmares."
"Spot me  bro."
"No spotter needed"
"He's gonna need a spotter"
"My friend's puppy GETTING SWOLL"
"Albino dolphin"
"How I feel taking pictures with my roommate who works at a tanning salon."
"Jiggle jiggle jiggle..."
"Yes  please!"
"Shay Laren Sliding into tight jeans"
"My Favorite Picture of Nicholas Cage"
"Amazing Picture collage"
"Just found this gem on facebook!"
"How I feel going to class in my pajamas"
"Move out"
"Now witness the FIREpower of this fully armed and operational battle station!"
"When you show up at a boring party."
"Perfect Shot"
"Lucky or just really good?"
"Poster seen in a bookstore in Sydney."
"Guess what year this picture was taken..."
"Spaghetti through a sausage lifehack"
"Oh Sh*t  I'm Late."
"Found this &quot;gem&quot; in my inbox"
"Found This On A Muslim Friend's Facebook. What The Actual Fuck  Apparently You Need To Believe In Religion To Not Rape Someone."
"I laughed. I'm going to hell."
"Made Where?"
"hilarious speed limit sign.."
"Trollcat"
"Every time I use a pick up line..."
"Slap!"
"That's all the dinner I'll need!"
"He's Peering Into My Soul.."
"Picture of my cousin back in kindergarten"
"Rap"
"No Putin This Away"
"No Putin This Away"
"Wrong Number"
"Oh Mr. Taco..."
"Mr. Taco Gets Hacked"
"Wrong Number?!?"
"Mr. Taco"
"Nothing beats a blowjob"
"Dubstep Cat"
"Lincoln..."
"Breaking Bad and Breaking Bones"
"Cancer: The Game[FIXED]"
"I'd play it."
"Pizza delivery used to be so much more classy"
"It's not delivery  It's Davinci"
"I thought you guys might like what I found in /r/onetruegod"
"Auntie One God would like a word with you..."
"Nicolas Cage looking his best (x-post from r/onetruegod)"
"Maybe my face can help me...."
"Every time I dry my hands"
"I'm about this awkward when dating"
"Wayne's World"
"x-post from r/Physics: Periodic Table Table"
"The only table to do your chemistry homework on."
"music at a [7]"
"Sexts in the dark"
"Respecting Religion"
"Puppy Love"
"Thor’s Well – Cape Perpetua  Oregon."
"These things"
"Can Dobby have some chicken?"
"I'm trying to work here!"
"Hello friend"
"Jehova's Witness Level: Final"
"Don't disappoint  Nintendo!"
"The Wii is so hardcore!!"
"What did the hat say to the tie?"
"How I feel wearing a new outfit"
"When you wear a new outfit and feel great in it"
"American Foreign Policy 2001-2008: A Retrospective."
"How I feel as an american at the Olympics every time an american wins a gold medal"
"How it feels as an American watching the Olympics."
"CatBat."
"My friend Cameron is the Master of Halloween."
"It was him! He turned into a goat!"
"All mine!"
"Cats and dogs can be best buddy's"
"How i feel about dubstep."
"Spent some time in the &quot;picture you cant see without laughing&quot; thread"
"Atheist Cat"
"So I read somewhere that r/atheism doesn't help promote cats on reddit so I thought I would fix that"
"I heard we need more cats"
"The cat made for Reddit."
"Here's a gif of a tesseract  a 4 dimensional cube"
"Earth's Derpiest Heroes"
"You have my permission to dance"
"You have my permission to laugh. (x-post from /r/batman)"
"Gotham's Reckoning..."
"I found this on facebook. I thought you guys would enjoy too!"
"Bane is Running in the 90's"
"That is his jam (/r/gifsound classic)"
"Never gonna give the batman up"
"ITAP of a natural pixel shadow on window blinds after rain."
"Gina Carano"
"Overkill?"
"How It's Made: Ice Cream"
"Baby chameleons will melt your heart"
"Come on bra  I gotcha!"
"That is your side  this is my side!"
"Blue Ice Cave in Antarctica"
"Penguin Sledding (x-post from r/pics)"
"I question his question"
"Let's Dance (with Hitler)"
"The best one I've seen so far."
"As an American  this is what I think about your opinion of our healthcare system (gif)"
"Doguin?"
"Sleepy Kitty...!"
"Awwwwww"
"Precious little feets"
"Apparently  Rocks are Getting Upvoted"
"/r/PostRock didn't appreciate this. Maybe you will"
"that's not what condoms are for..."
"..no  it's cool. I keep the shit in condoms."
"You guys just got Torchlight 2? I've had it for over 40 years."
"Steam  I'm not even that old"
"Not sure if repost  but easily one of the most wtf face swaps I've seen."
"Eat your vegetables!"
"we still doing face swaps?"
"i dont even know what to call this (x-post from r/funny)"
"post from r/funny. Just sharing a carrot."
"Antarctic Glacier Has Five-story Blood-red Waterfall of Primordial Ooze"
"Front page Ho!"
"FRONT PAGE HO! (X-post from r/pics)"
"THOMP. THOMP. THOMP."
"Can anybody else hear the thud?"
"why can i hear this with the speakers off?"
"I can hear this GIF"
"Electricity isn't out. It's just taking a break"
"I swear I am hearing things"
"Mario World"
"Gaming over the years"
"Reliving old memories everytime i go to my desktop"
"President Clinton and JFK"
"Young Bill Clinton Meeting JFK"
"The Reddit store got a new shirt"
"Friend tried to spoil ending of Dark Knight Rises for me..."
"The true hero of our time."
"Alain Robert climbing Burj Khalifa (tallest building in the world)"
"Thanks BP!"
"I'm gonna rape you now Garry."
"I really would like to have a scissor now"
"I heard you like xhibit"
"Eyestache"
"I don't have a good title. This thought came from a... I think I'm a [7]."
"As Long As We're Sharing Pictures of Our Fathers  Here's Mine"
"I have lost friends to this game"
"this gif is wtf (from The Graduate I think) also  it's what everyone should do when someone is listening to music with headphones so loud it is escaping the confines of the listener's ears..."
"How I feel when I take the bus"
"Whenever someone says &quot;YOLO&quot; on reddit (X-post r/gifs)"
"How i playing Street Fighter II"
"Fun at work"
"English Angora Bunny"
"Science is the best."
"Some of you are forgetting this. Again: The difference between knowledge and belief."
"Open air toilets in Amsterdam"
"BMX tree flip"
"Oh  Facebook... Why do I still use you?"
"How Facebook is nowadays."
"Found this on my facebook feed"
"I think I prefer pancakes..."
"Dat ASS (nsfw)"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"All BF3 servers getting fixed in a couple of minutes. a.k.a No more rubber banding!"
"tosh never loses that wit of his..."
"We broke 'Would you rather'...."
"Zach Braff wants you to get laid tonight."
"When I was a kid..."
"I was looking through Curiosity tweets when suddenly..."
"Oh Bill"
"The sarcastic fringehead fish."
"I don't even..."
"How I feel as a senior proving a freshman wrong in my 1st year elective course."
"Like a boss"
"The most powerful fighter i've ever seen!"
"When you're getting close to the front page. Reddit happens..."
"tough guy"
"This pretty much sums up what it's like playing my Mom in Mortal Kombat"
"Now back at me."
"Ever wondered what a Space Marine looks like underneath the armour?"
"Recommended by pseudo-athletes"
"The key to an instant 6-pack"
"Seems legit..."
"The Ab-hancer  only in America."
"The big Ronald McDonald blew over in my town today."
"So I was eating my meal when.."
"Whenever I get an upvote"
"Baby don't be like that!"
"My frickin' favourite captioned picture ever."
"Jerry must really like his job"
"I would LOVE this job."
"Only one in Captivity  A golden Zebra"
"nicolas cage can be anyone even a white zebra"
"Yeah  you do that."
"maybe she has a thing or two to teach me..."
"Christmas is cumming..."
"Unsettling."
"Thug lyfe."
"Thug Life"
"Thug Life"
"Seriously mother nature....WTF!!!"
"Classic tree porn"
"Wait just a sec for it... NSFW"
"Long shirts are annoying"
"Pidgey Fainted..."
"How long will it take you to figure out what's going on in this picture?"
"Trust me  it's SFW"
"Just some pigs!"
"I call him Wilbur."
"It is not difficult to understand!"
"One of the simpler  more elegant arguments I've found."
"What do you guys think?"
"O_o"
"Best invention ever"
"Power of Bullshit"
"red bull gives you..... wings....?"
"If you mute it..."
"Batman sings in new Dark Knight Rises photos"
"NANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANA"
"Gay conversion"
"Rape spree"
"How I imagine myself when i'm destroying the other team in BF3"
"TACTICAL HUMPS!!!!!!"
"A gif I found on 4chan"
"Not sure if NSFW....."
"How I pictured my friend after he said he has had random gay sex in public bathrooms several times (possibly NSFW)"
"I'd rather be lonely than do that to a sheep...."
"Golf balls are like jelly"
"golf balls"
"The Journey."
"Dog Cruise"
"Go Diego Dog"
"pig in a blanket"
"I don't have a cat  so here's my baby pig"
"Everytime I see a hot NSFW link on reddit."
"How I feel about the K-Pop overload on the IPL stream."
"Accidentally opening an /r/aww link in incognito mode"
"Sadly  it's true"
"Whenever I try to hit on someone"
"Douchebag skeleton"
"do you ever just feel like..."
"Evolution of New York City Skyline"
"How do I cleaned carpet?"
"Every sunday morning..."
"Best days"
"I will be wary  thank you chrome"
"Best. Collage. Ever."
"I want a giant poster of this"
"I am a gamer because I don't have a life..."
"I've chosen to have many..."
"Many Lives"
"90's kids nostalgia."
"They might as well have been gold coins."
"Like a sir."
"Like a sir!"
"Introducing.. Urechis unicinctus a.k.a. *The Penis Fish*"
"Anybody remember this game?"
"Baby Elephant stands on a log."
"Baby elephant enjoying a log (x-post from pics)"
"Mommy and baby"
"When absolutely nothing goes right"
"When nothing goes right."
"Trying to reach the front page"
"Murphy's Law"
"More Genies!!!"
"fuck!!"
"Did we choose the wrong cut of meat? When was the vote?"
"Did you say steak? No I said *misteak*"
"No matter what happens  always remember..."
"Oscar the Grouch"
"Oscar's realization"
"*boop*"
"How I feel when trying to be productive."
"How I feel when I'm trying to be productive."
"My favorite gameboy ad"
"My favorite old Gameboy add"
"My favorite Gameboy Ad [FIXED] - Imgur"
"How I feel now that my girlfriend and I are both redditors..."
"Recently moved in with a buddy who also turns out to be a Redditor. This is how I envision us living together"
"Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry playing chess"
"Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry play chess in Fry’s rooms at Cambridge  1980"
"Childhood is officially ruined"
"Sleepy..."
"My face after an &quot;all you can eat&quot; meal"
":D"
"This explains everything"
"The origin of the game &quot;LOL&quot;"
"Trying to submit something you haven't seen on reddit  only to discover it's already been submitted and received a mass of up-votes"
"I was browsing Google Images For Asian Albino when I found this......"
"anti-lock brakes"
"Hopefully not my school..."
"The problem with our schools these days."
"BACK TO SCHOOL KNIFE SALE!"
"Where the hell do they send their kids to school???"
"Back to school supplies..."
"Got to stock up."
"Words don't even [NSFW]"
"What the..."
"All the doombas"
"How I felt when I realized pinrrest was just Reddit for women."
"Battling for Karma on r/aww"
"Cat Ninjas."
"We need to figure out a way to get this man to run for office!"
"Saw this dog earlier in r/videos and thought it deserved a GIF"
"Oh your dog can play dead?"
"Breaking the sound barrier can be terrifying!"
"Shut up Shannon.."
"When cashiers make remarks.."
"True That."
"It does get annoying."
"Shut your whore mouth Shannon..."
"And the award for most epic troll from my childhood goes to..."
"'Merica"
"This is going too far now."
"Number of People Who Give a Fuck"
"slaves for sale"
"WTF Google."
"Your Majesty"
"When my girlfriend got me a black tee and aviators to be Johnny Bravo for Halloween..."
"The coffee table."
"To go along with the revival... Pterodactyl Porn"
"The Pterodactyl (x-post from r/nsfw)"
"Bring r/WTF back to the roots. (NSFW NSFL)"
"Finally... A gif that caters to my interests"
"Finally...A gif that caters to my interests."
"DRM for dummies"
"DRM for Dummies (FIXED)"
"Curse my immaturity"
"Tulip fields in the Netherlands [1000x666]"
"The Dynamic Duo"
"Croco-boat"
"Reality (pic)"
"How I imagine taking in a cat would be like."
"One hundred and one spots!"
"This came up when I searched &quot;Classy Portrait Reddit&quot; [NSFW]"
"I thought there could only be one! ...I thought wrong"
"Routine photo shoot (NSFW)"
"Dibs"
"Dibs"
"Dibs"
"Surfing the Rainbow"
"Well  That's good i guess"
"Well that's great then."
"Lets Dance"
"The exact moment I became a lesbian."
"My buddies costume for a Holloween party"
"ALL THESE YEARS THEY HAVE BEEN TELLING ME LIES!!!!!!"
"Holy Jesus  I've been eating Tic Tacs so wrong for all these years"
"Tic Tac"
"Oh  god..."
"My life was a lie!"
"HOLY CATNIP!"
"National Geographic's traveler photo contest winner."
"If you do this  fuck you"
"He's Up!"
"Psycho seals"
"It was a meaningless win  but here's how I felt watching it"
"Which one does not belong"
"Oonga chingo pango chindo wah!!"
"Thought I was hitting frontpage. Got to #26."
"God bless you  Dad."
"I love you Dad"
"god bless you dad"
"God bless you dad"
"Alzheimer Disease"
"Guitar Hero"
"Little Rock Star preparing for the concert"
"every time i try to diet."
"Don't fuck with Ms. Trunchbull"
"Billy Mays Maize Maze!"
"It's a Mays Maze of Maize!"
"Billy Mays Maize Maze"
"Slendcraft"
"a dinner at slender's"
"The day after my 21st birthday"
"[SHOPPED] Miley Cyrus?"
"I've always wondered why Reddit loves Emma Watson so much."
"16 facts about sleep."
"Cuteness FTW"
"Something's not quite right here... (x-post from r/pics)"
"One of the few good swag posts ive seen (from memebase)"
"War"
"For Mother Russia."
"Nipples...WTF!!!"
"Its shit like this  islamophobes"
"Principles (I hope this is not a repost)"
"Your brain is not ready for this. [GIF]"
"Yer A Lizard Harry"
"PARTY!??"
"no words..."
"Hunter S. Bear"
"What is thy bidding my master?"
"Now it all makes sense."
"pretty much the same thing if you look at the general scheme of it"
"A striking resemblence"
"You know it is hot when..."
"You Know It's Hot Out When..."
"Where Epic Sax Guy got his start..."
"D4V3 1S TH1S YOU? (OC)"
"Epic Sax Kid"
"Epic Sax Kid"
"Epic Sax Kid"
"Bitches love saxophones!"
"Dangerously cool."
"Keep it saxy"
"Whenever a hot girl thinks it's cool that I'm in my university's Marching Band"
"Bitches love sax"
"haven't you heard???"
"WHO DAT JAZZ KID"
"Whenever I'm woken up before noon on a Sunday."
"I can see videos of decapitations  gore and autopsies calmly. But this... This shit right here... Makes me cringe every time... [NSFL]"
"Dammit  Maverick!"
"I can watch videos of humans murder each other in the most disgusting ways imaginable  hardcore gore and don't blink whatsoever  the dirtiest scats... But this shit... This shit right here... [NSFL]"
"Reddit lately"
"I'm tired of all these pokemon bw2 pics"
"I read the Harry Potter series in two weeks. Here is my experience in GIFs."
"Steam is down.. So this is going to be how I spend my Sunday."
"SUCH A SAD DAY FOR US ALL."
"The new homepage of reddit"
"Chuckie Finster 30 Years Later"
"What?"
"Dolphins"
"Don't Panic."
"How can I test if my son is gay?"
"Poop trap"
"redditor's work week."
"Perpetual Reddit"
"Same with Reddit"
"outside?"
"Damn kids..."
"Fuck You Kid"
"Drunk chicks"
"HURR DURR"
"Reddit's newest sweatshirt design"
"hey what are you.. OH LAWD"
"Puppy gets revenge."
"And it came to pass..."
"It appears we didn't pay close attention to what Jesus said.."
"Your move  captcha..."
"When I make a post and wake up to over 600 comment karma.."
"Found this out by accident"
"Only the funniest comments on reddit get this reaction out of me"
"Favorite gif of all time"
"Ey bro ... I didn't touch that bambus. I swear."
"It wasn't me"
"Watch out Guys  we're dealing with a badass over here"
"Okay! Okay! You can't take the bamboo back  just don't eat me!"
"When someone doesn't give me a high five back."
"How it feels to be the first of your friends to turn 21"
"How I feel when I wake up before noon."
"I am no longer a lurker! This is how I celebrated!"
"How I feel when I get to the microwave before it beeps"
"Only musicians will understand this"
"Trust me... I'm an engineer."
"Couches Ftw"
"Whats that?"
"Awkward Family Game Night"
"How I feel whenever I'm ignored on a subreddit"
"my response to being told i can't go to my work colleagues Ramadan party because im not a muslim... they weren't happy"
"Fuck you Gary Bateman.."
"Screw the lockout  I'll make my own NHL.(ex.post from r/hockey)"
"Good father"
"......Well that surprised me......"
"Godammit  not again."
"Got linked to Paul Robertson's gallery by WTF  figured r/gaming might like this."
"I hear reddit likes cats"
"The incorrect (but pretty bad-ass way) to face down a curious Grizzly Bear"
"Excuse me wut ru doin"
"Poor thing looks hurt."
"For many of us this is the best Father's day gift"
"I had my first rage quit (and plenty more) due to this game."
"I found God on the dance floor..."
"He died for your spins"
"DJ Jesus in the house!"
"Now Watch Me Resurrect..."
"DJ Jesus died for all your spins"
"Honestly this is what I think of when people talk about Sandy"
"LEGO® The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim"
"Overtime doesn't pay enough."
"Sleeping please don't bother me..."
"LOL Cats love milk"
"le Tour de Ass"
"Hauntingly good timing."
"Its' in the eye of the beholder."
"Oh  you have a moneyface post? Well then..."
"It's always Christmas with snoop doggy dogg"
"Be WARNED!!!"
"Personal ads on okcupid."
"woman with no tits"
"Jimmy and his John (NSFW)"
"this is what i call treeporn"
"Best tree Ever"
"Just some trees [xpost r/wtf]"
"That's a thirsty cat"
"If you're happy in the sun..."
"Nailed it."
"You racist!"
"Ay Girl!"
"This is fucking incredible."
"Dream Big"
"Just some Rubiks Cubes.."
"Not a bad job at all."
"Just another day at the office for these two.."
"Space Shuttle Endeavour docked at the ISS above New Zealand's South Island [3032 x 1895]"
"It's the sunrise at the North Pole with the moon at its closest point  and it's awesome"
"Sunset at the North Pole with the moon at its closest point to the earth."
"Why my boyfriend hates winter"
"Just a slightly creepy oil company ad."
"Not Enough Panda For One Picture."
"Read the last line..."
"Mr.Bone's Wild Ride"
"Mr. Bones Wild Ride (Part 1)"
"I thought this was photoshopped  but today I learned that it is not. [Fixed]. Camel Thorn Trees  Namibia."
"Painting or photograph? Would you believe it's a photograph? Amazing shot but Fran's lanting of national geographic"
"Dead Biking"
"How to escape a zombie apocalypse"
"Seen this gif on r/gaming decided it needed this."
"From r/gaming. How to survive a zombie apocalypse."
"Well  your honor  its like this (mild NSFW)"
"I don't know  your honor  why don't you ask my butt?"
"Forever a duck."
"This is my greatest accomplishment in life."
"Duck Face"
"Why I hate posting on Reddit."
"Why I Hate Posting to Reddit"
"Smashing"
"Deal wi-arghhh (X-post from /r/funny)"
"Deal wi- AAARGH"
"Deal with it"
"Deal wi-arghhh"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Well  I'll never look at a bicycle the same ever again. [NSFW]"
"When I can't sleep  I try to put this into some sort of context."
"crocs arnt fashionable..."
"It's a shame he left us so early."
"I just want one guy!"
"I sincerely hope you/anyone you know doesn't do this. [FB]"
"Put the handcuffs on me already...."
"I despise humanity sometimes."
"The day is almost over and I just noticed the cake next to my name."
"Cute Mr. Ferrets"
"derp"
"Grandpa what the fuck have you done"
"Oh grandpa!"
"Friday the 8th of August  1969. Abbey Road  London."
"Just about to make some history."
"Just some men about to make history"
"I feel like I am going to need one of these with NBC using tape delay to air olympic games"
"5 little puppies belonging to my friend"
"Friend put this up on Facebook. I think some of his puppies may be &quot;special.&quot;"
"Jenga  Bitch."
"Tricked into bed again"
"It's A Trap! Level:Pillow"
"Finish him!"
"Needs a water softener."
"Oh shit..."
"Little did he know..."
"The fuck is this?"
"Role Reversal"
"Well this is positively lovely!"
"'Are we powerin' up?' 'Ah yeah  we're powerin' up.'"
"Still one of my favorite gifs"
"forever alone"
"Why LIFE! WHY!?"
"So after all the links were purple on the front page  I decided to check out page 2."
"High school sign fail. My small town delivered."
"My reaction when someone comes in the dorm bathroom whilst I am shitting."
"As a Swede I am truly proud of this! [x/post from r/mapporn]"
"Cool Story John Connor!"
"Onward mighty steed"
"It's such a cute hamster ... 0 o"
"&quot;It's a ghost&quot;"
"Oh No!!! Not Again!!!"
"Puppy"
"Oh No!"
"headache puppy does not approve"
"God! please shower your blessings on us"
"That Feel While Getting Down-voted."
"The bigger they are..."
"Swag"
"Rocco isn't a Redditor..."
"my friends cat"
"Soon..."
"Llama photobomb."
"This is what Mount Rushmore was supposed to look like  before they ran out of funding."
"Sculptor Gutzon Borglum and his original scale model for Mt. Rushmore"
"The single most infuriating thing on the planet. [Fixed]"
"No  sir  I do in fact proclaim that I myself am you father."
"A Real Ninja Turtle.."
"Raphael IRL"
"Huge SVBIED explosion in Syria"
"Huge SVBIED explosion obliterates soldiers at a Syrian army checkpoint"
"Yes  those were people getting flung across the screen [NSFL]"
"Finally get around to downloading a N64 emulator...this is the first ROM I obtain."
"Late for work..."
"[First] Does this work?"
"He can really hit those high notes."
"Epic Skirllix Mouth."
"Nerves what nerves?"
"How I felt when I tried dancing after doing my first kegstand (xpost r/aww)"
"penguins wearing sweaters"
"Women and cats..."
"This isn't my blanket."
"Happens to me all the time"
"Striking logic"
"I couldn't think of a title for this."
"I couldn't think of a title for this."
"Our Hero  Ladies and Gentlemen."
"Meanwhile  in WTFville"
"The Best Giant Cat Photo Ever"
"Googled Internet In one picture  not disappointed!"
"Not sure if repost  but I googled &quot;most epic photo the internet&quot;.. not bad"
"Mmmmmmmmm (NSFW)"
"Daniel Radcliffe on self confidence"
"Fuck the system."
"Looks like we know who the badass in our English class is..."
"Very clever car insurance ad."
"Clever Quebec Car insurance Ad remind us to buckle up [900x1200]"
"Oh  nothing. Just the cutest baby horse on a bucket you ever will see."
"Stop hitting yourself - stop hitting yourself - stop hitting yourself"
"How I feel about Confession Bear"
"Makes sense to me"
"that will show him"
"dog logic"
"Shake Your Mane!"
"Batman sets them up."
"My take on this .gif"
"Watched this for too long at a [5]"
"Drop it."
"Move your body"
"Style of the Family"
"Oppa Bat Style!"
"It's time to upvote things other than cats"
"How i value my few upvotes."
"Well  that was unexpected"
"When OP delivers."
"What are the chances? (x-post from /scoreball)"
"If there were an Ent rabbit  this would be it. [x-post from /r/trees]"
"I'm gonna get you"
"Popeye's son arm wrestles"
"Chronic Masturbation?"
"Drop Bear season now starting in Australia"
"Meanwhile in Australia"
"WTF Australia"
"Look Up  Stay Alive"
"Meanwhile in Australia..."
"Australians beware of the dropbear (NSFW)"
"Australia."
"All these Hurricane Sandy posts really make me think of this."
"Sandy delivers"
"Sandy  I need water"
"Sandy  I need water..."
"Sandy!"
"Oh Sandy..."
"Careful What You wish For"
"Sandy  I need water"
"Sandy."
"Found this on face book"
"PINKY! PIIIINKYYYY!"
"Fucccck!! Lucky I'm in the right place..."
"The best way to take a bath"
"New float for Macy's Parade"
"America FUCK YEAH!"
"Theodore Roosevelt's pocket diary on the day of his mother's and wife's death."
"Teddy Roosevelt's diary entry from the day his wife Alice died of kidney failure. He never spoke publicly about her again."
"Virginity Intact"
"After some careful analysis..."
"None of them!"
"Drying your hands when there isn't any paper towel"
"Drying your hands when there's no paper towels."
"Cleaning the antenna of the Empire State Building"
"My favorite staph"
"Got lost on a walk. This sign didn't help."
"Coolest way to propose"
"I'd give you the sun and the moon."
"My precious"
"Ring in the sky"
"My personal favorite WTF pic"
"Party on."
"Dear god  what have you DONE?"
"The Ents will surely be unhappy (X-post r/funny)"
"Pull the trigger"
"How I feel when I break up with my girlfriend"
"Kids will be kids"
"I CAN'T EVEN DEAL"
"Genghis Khan created Simon"
"Donald Fucking Duck"
"It always seems like a good idea at first  and then..."
"Man kicking a cat"
"They'll never be accepted."
"Happiness"
"Enjoying the moment"
"WHY THE ACTUAL . . . . . ."
"This is so wrong."
"I found this on my old hard drive. No idea why i had this."
"Yes! Afterbirth bath with the whole family!"
"This solves the age old plumber problem"
"Hello."
"This is so dirty  I don't even... (SFW)"
"Wat"
"My first time browsing r/gonewild"
"Searching new on /r/gonewild."
"First time visiting Chat Roulette [FIXED]"
"HIFW watching Watchmen"
"Off to a bad start..."
"Well that has to suck"
"Ghost Rider's new career"
"Off to a bad start..."
"Off to a bad start...[fixed]"
"Eating a spoonful of cinnamon"
"Hmmm  something isn't right here..."
"After seeing the Atheism Demotivational on my news feed about seven times  I made one of my own."
"The President has Style [690x458] [xpost from r/PresidentObama]"
"The President has Style [690x458] [x-post from r/PresidentObama and r/HumanPorn]"
"Happy Birthday Mommy!"
"Some people really shouldn't have kids"
"Happy Mother's Day! Wut?"
"Passing on a birthday tradition"
"Mother of the year"
"Mother of the year"
"Milk"
"My reaction to getting pepper sprayed"
"how does one milk?"
"Milk can be hard to drink sometimes"
"Found this on google today  since reddit will be saturated with hurricane posts here is my contribution..."
"All I could think of when they named the hurricane Sandy"
"Sandy's pissed..."
"With all this talk about Hurricane Sandy"
"Hurricane Sandy Comes out of Hibernation"
"how i see this whole catastraphe"
"Dirty Dan lives on the east coast apparently."
"Hurricane Sandy."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Patrick  i'm scared"
"Sandy's rippin some shit up"
"Hotbox"
"Friend asked &quot;have you ever made it to the front page?&quot;.."
"The random button took me to r/spiders."
"Just a day at the airport."
"Take-offs multiple exposure"
"It's my cake day  and this is how I feel growing 1 year older in reddit years!"
"Important Life Lesson:"
"The evolution of the Nintendo game controllers!"
"Hasn't quite grown into cute yet"
"My recent posts haven't been very successful so fuck it  here's a cat"
"Ouch"
"Being the last one at a party..."
"I'm cooler"
"A little cooler."
"He got it right"
"Can't get enough mic."
"Easily one of the most annoying things I've encountered in a video game  period."
"What do you mean I can't walk in the snow?"
"Nonchalantly surfing through reddit and realizing it’s my first cake day"
"I present to you  the zombie fortress mountain  Mt Roraima."
"I would love to see the view from the top of this Mt."
"Doton; Doryuuheki [Sage of Sixpath Level]"
"Oh God!!! Run!!!"
"Captioning a Cat"
"The birth of post-it cat"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"How I feel returning to college campus filled with girls my age after being in the real world all summer"
"Arguing with Christians"
"Fuck yes she did"
"How I felt at 4:59pm on the Friday before a three day weekend"
"STOP ENJOYING THINGS"
"When the rest of reddit stumbles into r/atheism"
"When someone won't shut up in the library during finals week... - Imgur"
"IAMA Tiger!"
"When the kids next door are having too much fun and wake me from a nap..."
"Cheeky goalkeeper..."
"Soccer Skillshot by Manuel Neuer"
"Haha oh so nice"
"Mount Tungurahua Volcano  Ecuador"
"Tungurahua Erupts"
"Congress of Freaks - Baileys Circus (1924) [1185x671]"
"Congress of Freaks - Baileys Circus (1924) [1185x671] (X-Post from History Porn)"
"1924 Ringling Brothers and Barnun &amp; Bailey &quot;Circus of Freaks&quot;"
"What I wear when I surf Reddit"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"I need this shirt !"
"Rubik's cube for the blind [FIXED]"
"Always be prepared."
"The truth"
"When I argue with my girlfriend"
"When I argue with my girlfriend"
"driver to the power of horse"
"Suddenly  Moose"
"Makes me laugh everytime"
"To anyone playing Slender in the near future  keep this picture in mind"
"Slender Mans retarded cousin"
"Slendermans retarded cousin"
"Consequences of gay marriage"
"Dicks are funny"
"The Double Standard"
"Somebody should send this comic to my mother (I'm too scared)."
"how Facebook should be used."
"everytime i find the hidden snail (adventure time)"
"I'd leave too."
"Gets me every time."
"MFW it's Sunday night of a 3 day weekend"
"First and last day of school"
"Saint-Tropez  France [1350x2000] [OC] © Frank Kehren"
"A belt buckle I made out of an old Ontario license plate."
"MSL teams reacts after learning that MarsCuriosity rover has landed safely on Mars!"
"Why the hell didn't you guys tell me this existed??"
"shutdown has been canceled"
"He doesn't like thunderstorms either..."
"The USS Constitution sails under her own power in celebration of the 200th anniversary of her earning the nickname &quot;Old Ironsides.&quot;"
"I Would be Pissed Too"
"FWD: Fwd: Waitress thinks she won a TOYOTA  turns out she misheard!"
"Got wasted last night  made a pizza at 5AM. [FIXED]"
"This is what happens when you come home drunk and cook a pizza for 13 hours..(FIXED)"
"How I felt returning my finals"
"Every Sunday night..."
"They're quite good actually."
"This happens every single day when I get home from work..."
"This happens to me every day after work..."
"Oh no"
"My friend said this to me today"
"why my family thinks i work too hard"
"I didn't have any idea it was this complex!"
"The zelda timeline"
"Winner for the best facial hair. Ever."
"Bath Time!"
"Mom wouldn't let us buy this game  but we rented it every other week."
"A whole new meaning to Woody and Buzz..."
"...I'd see it."
"Your mom would enjoy"
"Childhood ruined."
"What photoshoppers can accomplish..."
"What photoshoppers can achieve"
"Air Bubble inside Water at the ISS"
"A bubble of air inside a droplet of water in space."
"A bubble of air inside of droplet of water in space [702x467]"
"She has a good sense of humor."
"&quot;Things You Shouldn't Do When You Find a Grenade&quot; [FIXED]"
"Leave It To 4Chan!"
"loop"
"The Secret to Antigravity..."
"Churros or death! You decide."
"Will someone get the kid a churro???"
"Hey guys!"
"My new favorite Obama pic"
"My new favorite Obama pic. Gimme those voters!"
"I know you guys can do something with this."
"A new favorite of mine by the President"
"The last days of the campaign are really getting to Obama..."
"By far the best face Obama has ever made"
"Overly Enthusiastic Obama"
"What creative things can you guys do to make our President's expression more appropriate?"
"reddit likes good pictures of Obama  i thought you guys might enjoy"
"I don't care what anyone says. This is the best picture of the campaign season."
"Can't… Stop… Watching."
"I see your bear riding a motorcycle on a rope and raise you with a goat on a tight rope with a money on its back"
"If Fox News had existed throughout history"
"So  I finally watched the Avengers last night  and..."
"When I really hate a post and it's comments."
"[Spoilers] A new downvote gif in honor of SE0302."
"Rick Gribble"
"Returning to r/WTF after a day"
"When my friend tells me he just farted"
"Whenever my shower decides to have low pressure..."
"oh man  I love water!"
"Ah  wouldn't this be grand..."
"Say Hi to My New Girlfriend"
"This reporter earned his money that day"
"Lehman Brothers Bankrupt"
"Greatest news background trolling ever"
"Awesome history"
"I HAVE THE POWER!"
"Listen to any music while watching this panda"
"The panda that dances to any music!"
"I believe I can fly"
"Relevant."
"My reaction when I first saw my best friends sister naked"
"sunglass inception"
"MFW I first downloaded Reddit Enhancement Suite"
"When I watch from across the map as a teammate is running away at half health from the entire enemy team"
"MRW my wife told me she was heading to the mall for Christmas shopping"
"When I'm on my way home and my phone's battery is at 1%"
"Mommy's asleep; time to party!"
"Dog Training"
"Something tells me it didn't work"
"How I react when someone tells me Marijuana can kill you"
"How I feel about American politics at this point."
"RE: RE: TR: RE: Life is crazy; the truth"
"What I thought when a crazy Christian on the subway &quot;felt sorry for me&quot; because I don't believe in an afterlife."
"I hope you're happy."
"How I react when I realize all the popular kids from high school gained a lot of weight and I'm still the same size..."
"I poop excited and happy kids"
"Poop slide anyone"
"Sweet dreams are made of these..."
"Sweet Dreams Are Made Of This"
"Just a fox sticking his tongue against a window"
"a puppy mauling to stock screams"
"Puppy death attack!"
"A real Penis Snake"
"Bukacarrots?!?!"
"completely SFW bukkake"
"I was looking for a lawnmower to buy  when all of a sudden..."
"Ouch  ladies [Fixed]"
"wat"
"Fear not hell"
"Fear not hell"
"just saw this on facebook"
"At the local Family Christian Store"
"english bulldog jumping in a pool"
"Yes  I'm your slut!"
"17/f/cali"
"Ah  the classic warm-water prank"
"I don't know which is more disturbing--the tattoo or the leg"
"Makin' my way downtown  walking fast  faces pass and I'm homebound"
"How I feel driving when there's no one on the road"
"O.G. Kenobi"
"StarWars. [No need to Fix any more]"
"HAPPY STAR WARS [FIXED]^6"
"Obi-Wan doesn't give a fuck."
"Best gif with sound ever"
"I just remembered tomorrow is Labor Day"
"When i'm on the internet"
"For my cake day  my beloved IRL rage cat!"
"Real life rage face cat"
"IRL Rage Cat"
"Africa face."
"What's long  hard  and gets blown all day?"
"literally every person who crosses the street in front of me"
"/r/aww wasn't appreciating this cutie ):"
"Winged monkey costume test for The Wizard of Oz. (c. 1938)"
"Winged monkey costume test for The Wizard of Oz. (c. 1938)"
"Costume fitting for The Wizard of Oz."
"Michael Scott accurately describes why the potato girl meme was bad"
"Christopher Walken at age 22."
"Young Christopher Walken  everyone."
"Taste the Rainbow Mother Fucker!"
"This was the only game that Red was not excited by..."
"Theres always time..."
"I make milk"
"So true"
"How I feel upgrading from a five year old laptop."
"8{| Hey  these aren't half bad."
"Muppets Cupcakes"
"An International School Teacher Asks a Question.."
"Awesome photo I got at the Zoo yesterday"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"NNNNNOooooooooooooooooooooo!"
"This gets me everytime! I don't care what you say."
"&quot;JayZ got it all wrong man... I got 99 problems and they all bitches.&quot;"
"Had to shave my beard for a job interview."
"a new meme"
"A Real Man"
"Polar bears can be dicks"
"Grand Canyon"
"AWESOME"
"Epic."
"lightning storm in the grand canyon"
"Best. Sidecar. Ever."
"I think I'd enjoy having this..."
"The picture explains itself...you don't want to miss this view. I promise."
"Redditor manages to create a live volcano near his hometown; hundreds die in the name of karma."
"Tisdale the land of wait what?"
"Maybe Canada ISN'T that nice..."
"Boy  that escalated quickly. [x-post r/vancouver]"
"Every time I'm asked for a BJ"
"Southern Peru Reddit Meetup"
"Happy alpacas"
"It's my Reddit Birthday and I don't have a cat  so here's a dog with a jar of peanut butter."
"How long have you been there watching me?"
"Corgi and peanit butter."
"A valid question"
"My friend asked me to &quot;jailhack&quot; his iPod"
"What I think as an amateur nature photographer when I look at r/pics"
"Climbing down like a boss"
"How I read stories from /r/nosleep"
"Jamie Hyneman: Master of celebration"
"Haters gonna hate..."
"He likes"
"Jamie Hyneman AMA?"
"For those who want to watch the full Red Bull Stratos jump but cant find it."
"His mustache is better than yours (xpost from r/GifSound)"
"EHarmony Rejection: What do you like most in a woman?"
"Louis CK on masturbation"
"Louis C.K.'s Finest Moment (re-post)"
"Is Louis CK funny enough for Reddit?"
"Another reason why Louie C.K. is my favorite comedian!"
"Louie C.K. on masturbation."
"Masturbation"
"When going from single words to sentences in a new language...."
"When you cannot unsee"
"How to dance."
"Prohibited"
"How it feels working in an internet start up company..."
"How I felt when I learned the Reddit keyboard shortcuts"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Meanwhile in Africa..."
"Plenty of fishes they say? This is what describes my relationships..."
"When I first started trying to pick up women at clubs... Their response..."
"Realized I wasn't wearing deodorant after I got to the party"
"Butter: good  and good for you."
"Butter - It lubricates your veins and arteries (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Butter  eat as much as you can"
"Mmmmmmm"
"Good and good for you!"
"No need for the fire department here. He's got this."
"Who's gonna get you from behind?"
"Red speaks out about the YOLO trend"
"alt remember this"
"This Easter remember  Jesus was a Lich."
"Jesus isn't a zombie"
"mershed perderder nom"
"All these muscle ads"
"Browsing 'new' on this subreddit"
"Honestly  how the hell does this keep happening?!"
"I've tried explaining this to my friends who don't have anxiety like I do."
"I regret this completely"
"Whenever somebody suggests atheism is &quot;Just a phase&quot;"
"And we're watching Dumb and Dumber too"
"One does not simply..."
"My take on the Chik-Fil-A situation."
"&quot;He's right &quot; said Chester the Cheetah"
"One does not..."
"When someone tell you to hurry up while in the shower...."
"Whenever I see people in hotel gyms."
"One does not simply..."
"Nice Hairstyle"
"Saw this in my facebook feed. Should I emulate?"
"Amputee volunteer helping troops prepare mentally for battle [x-post from /r/humanporn]"
"Come on  Frodo!"
"Ewwwww...."
"Share The Load"
"Oh sam.."
"We have bigger problems"
"It's all fun and games until you get raped in a cave"
"Toward the end of every week"
"NDG"
"I saw a corgi/husky mix at the beach today. HE WAS SO CUTE. (xpost from /r/corgi)"
"all I want is this Corgi Husky Hybrid"
"A handful of bunny"
"big fluffy feet!!"
"He just needed a hug"
"Come here you!"
"Iamadoctor has inspired me to be truly original and share my work on reddit. Here's a painting my dad and I made when we were bored."
"My Muhammad Drawing"
"Science  not Religion  can get us here:"
"My friend made it to the front page of reddit yesterday  it was his 2nd day."
"awwww poor guy... one day.."
"It took me several minutes to see &quot;it&quot;. Not that I stared at this picture for several minutes. The first time anyway."
"*squeeze squeeze squeeze*"
"I'm sorry what."
"After reading some of the comments on my first couple of posts"
"Whenever I lose a 10 million dollar account and my boss gives me a hard time"
"Max  what do you want fr dinner?"
"Justice!"
"Nana nana nana nana justice"
"The look of disapproval."
"The Man Baby"
"There is no turning back"
"Don't. Even."
"His face makes it"
"When 10-year-olds cuss racial slurs at me on Xbox Live"
"Installed a random imgur downloader. Set it to .gif images only and watched the creepiness roll in. (d/l link in comments)"
"WTF is even happening here"
"Gangnam Style before it was cool"
"SHO-RYU-KEN!"
"My favorite .gif"
"Looked up Kraken on google images  first result."
"Why not zoidberg?"
"What the... where the fuck are people's priorities! Some fuckin' people!"
"WELL? What do you have to say for yourself?"
"Tell me this is fake and people like this don't really exist. FB."
"Shut Up bird"
"I got your nose!"
"Fennec foxes can be a real handful"
"Today is gonna be a good day."
"Redditor bought two boxes and just added one to the original 15."
"Drunk and hungry tonight  luck decides to show up at the best possible moment that it could have"
"Beware the hillbilly ninja!"
"POCKET SAND!"
"When i can't think of a better comeback"
"&quot;Excuse me do you have time to talk about Christ?&quot;"
"Long exposure (crystal meths (not always bad))"
"Damn Australia  you scary."
"Yoga Dog."
"Fuck Twitter."
"3 Unread Messages !"
"&quot;Officer  I'm pretty sure her leg isn't supposed to bend like that&quot;"
"The end of racism"
"Because some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"Man  she didn't age well"
"Dora's fate"
"They grow up so fast"
"This has significantly improved the relationship between my girlfriend and I"
"Some microscopic critter"
"Slow down Mama!"
"MINE!!!!"
"foxes can be cute"
"After a long day of work  Kanye West.."
"Misunderstood Kittens of the sea."
"Bruce Lee plays ping pong with nunchucks like a boss"
"let's play a game."
"What the hell is wrong with her bra?"
"LOL look at this lady. . .(NSFW)"
"ITAP of a marble being held by my daughter in front of a map"
"A marble being held in front of a map. [x-post from r/itookapicture/][pic]"
"A marble in front of a map"
"A marble in front of a map"
"Eat Your Vegetables"
"Force Feeding"
"Just Eat It"
"You're not your fucking khakis"
"Tallahassee Finds Out About Hostess."
"Remember our &quot;Un-Friendzoned&quot; man-hero from a few weeks back? A champion falls..."
"I'm Here Guys!"
"My face when I put my pants on fresh out of the dryer on a cold day"
"If this...if this doesn't make you smile I don't know what will."
"Hi! My name is--"
"When I see a mosquito on my friend's shoulder (x-post from reactiongifs)"
"Please move yourself out of my path"
"Meanwhile on Fox News..."
"How I feel during most of my exams this semester..."
"Always gives me a nice chuckle"
"IOS 6"
"Wardrobe Eufunction"
"BEST GIF EVER !! IMO !"
"What's going on in my head when my gorgeous coworker walks by [NSFW]"
"3 Brazilian Soldiers"
"Thought I'd share this  as I'd not seen one before - a colorized portrait of Abraham Lincoln"
"Nom nom nom &lt;3"
"Makes me smile every time"
"Awesome baby turtle anyone?"
"Float like a butterfly  sting like a...."
"Boxer cat"
"It's a blow to the head !"
"I just got introduced to karma [First Post]"
"I googled 'The most American picture ever' not disappointed at all."
"Found this at the library I work at. Happy Father's Day!"
"&quot;Mommy where's Daddy?&quot;....&quot;Here son read this.&quot;"
"Great Condom Ad (NSFLish?)"
"Little Johnny is going to become an artist."
"Party Hard"
"Jewelry for fidgeters"
"Spiderman pasta"
"When I accidentally click a link to /r/Spacedicks"
"thought this belonged here"
"When I found /r/gore and /r/spacedicks on the same day."
"finding /r/spacedicks"
"The internet"
"/r/spacedicks in a nutshell"
"Don't spin the cat toy in circles."
"Took me longer than it should have."
"The true god shall have the most even of tans."
"Look at my balls...look"
"Bitch please..."
"Based Arcade Basketball God"
"how i want to upvote an original post..."
"Fish Helmet"
"How to Pass Notes Like A Boss"
"cheater level {50}"
"Flawless."
"Ok......This No-Shave-November Shit HAS to Stop..."
"Me so holy."
"Some art for r/WTF [NSFW]"
"So  i came across this on Facebook"
"Kittens! NSFW"
"I wish I was Batman!"
"Wedding crashed. (floor collapse)"
"Just bowl  you'll know when to let go."
"yeah...dont call me"
"I see your ass fudge and raise you..."
"Okay"
"How I feel when someone takes my OC and reposts it"
"Asshole bird"
"Birds are assholes."
"This bird is the biggest jerk"
"President Barack Obama is not impressed either"
"I think I need to learn how to use photoshop"
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed."
"Sorry if repost  just saw on fb"
"McKayla and Obama are Not Impressed"
"Obama seems to be jealous of romney!"
"Unimpressed Obama"
"I laughed a little to hard"
"Obama is not impressed."
"Beautiful picture of the Seychelle Islands [1800 x 1096]"
"Beautiful Seychell Islands"
"TIL Nicolas Cage is Thor."
"[fixed] My reaction upon finding that Ron Paul does not support the separation of church and state"
"When a girl I liked used #YOLO..."
"Mannequins on crack."
"Soon."
"SOON......"
"The Sakurajima Volcano"
"Sakurajima volcano"
"Cook Food"
"So Mesmerizing"
"Like to eat out? Head on down to the..."
"Eating out? (r/funny x-post)"
"If you enjoy eating out I highly recommend this place..."
"how i expect to come back from the first day of school"
"Simba!!"
"Wheeeeeeee....oh shhhhhhhhhhhit"
"This kid should be in the Olympics."
"Nope."
"One big ball of NOPE"
"Woah! Wait... What is tha..... OH FUCK NO  NOPE NOPE NOPE!"
"The thing about smart people.."
"Saw this on the front page.. Thought it deserved to be here with my hero."
"The toughest answer of all time..."
"Is there a new Powerpuff Girls movie coming out???"
"Canadian Paralympics Poster"
"Phew!"
"My post-fap look of shame when I closed incognito."
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969"
"My favorite Neil Armstrong quote"
"The Daddy Issues Spin"
"The Daddy Issues Spin"
"On this seemingly inauspicious date  let us pause to recognize an indispensable holiday figure. Krampus  demon counterpart to Santa Claus in some European lore  visits the naughty children on Dec. 5  beats them with birch branches  whips them with rusty chains and drags them to the pits of hell."
"Bath time!"
"How to please a woman."
"And they say girls are complicated.."
"As a person with a memory foam bed  this made my day."
"I...I remember everything...."
"Bed has seen some shit"
"Almost didn't see Sarah Jessica Parker on this movie poster"
"Deer Crawls Through Pet Door"
"Anybody home?"
"With friends like these. . ."
"I don't even know how to title this. Breath taking?"
"Beets"
"Romulus and Remus don't have crap on this."
"This is my life in Texas currently living in a smaller town."
"Redneck Randall's advice."
"I am very disappoint!"
"I haven't checked reddit all day and just read the front page with my leftover Papa John's in front of me..."
"Grumpy cat is not grumpy"
"Guys! I re-posted! Take me to front page!"
"I am not amused"
"Meowth  That's Right!"
"When I see a puppy..."
"I present to you my Unimpressed Grumpy Cat"
"Non"
"Teach Dem Zoo Animals"
"Go go go go"
"Galo Mascots"
"This game was never as intense as the commercial suggested."
"PED."
"Ha! This is TOOO good"
"Bill Nyan"
"Nyan kitty!"
"Lookit mah fishy!"
"The Frank Sinatra Burger"
"Oh hi."
"I believe reddit is the perfect community for you"
"The world seen from Norway"
"The world as seen from Norway"
"Uh oh....."
"I couldn't stop laughing at his face... I did the only logical thing."
"When I realized it was my cake day"
"Fixed"
"Charlie makes music happen"
"What the inside of Charlie's mind must sound like."
"For Those I Love I Will Sacrifice"
"For those I love  I will sacrifice."
"How I felt watching last nights breaking bad episode"
"My best friends and I face when the hottest girl I know asked me if I want to hang out when I told her my ex left me"
"[gif] Chemiluminescence from Nitrous Oxide and Carbon Disulfide"
"Chemiluminescence from laughing gas and pesticide"
"I hate that my dad gets to choose what we do on fathers day."
"Just a little misleading..."
"Nobody expects..."
"Suck  my movies do."
"Photographer captures the exact moment three Syrian Rebels are killed by a tank"
"Lenin squares up  shoots... SCORRRREEESSSS"
"You have awoken the watermelon God."
"How I feel mowing the lawn on Monday..."
"Why I prefer mowing with a riding lawn mower."
"Hand-painted R2 shorts."
"When I silently fart around my girlfriend"
"Mr. Miyagi?!?"
"Justin Bieber hit with a water bottle...Multiple Angles for your viewing pleasure"
"It's things like this that restore my faith in humanity (but seriously..)"
"just wanna bring this back"
"So THATS how it works!"
"I don't even know what to think."
"brushie brushie"
"The Controller Family Tree"
"Next time think before asking Chris Tucker..."
"Creepy Santa"
"You better not laugh  you better not cry..."
"little bunny hides his face"
"Okay..."
"Cute gir-OH WTF!"
"I feel so terrible about this..."
"The world's largest salt flat is located in Uyuni  Bolivia. During the rainy season  it turns into the world's largest mirror."
"Timon and Pumbaa?"
"Timon and Pumbaa?"
"Bacon flowchart for Redditors"
"Bacon Logic"
"When I'm about to hit a blunt and they tell me it is spice. (X-post from r/funny)"
"Dog Afraid Of Julia Roberts"
"Awesome Horse Fountain"
"Epic fountain is epic."
"What i imagine should happens to people who get down voted into oblivion"
"It's a shame"
"Nope"
"Nope"
"Okay.gif"
"He's going to jump"
"Do a flip"
"hice yo kids"
"He must've been hungry."
"It's a bird! It's a plane! It's suuuperrr...OH MY GOD!"
"How I feel after submitting a cake-day post only to discover it was yesterday..."
"Don't mind me"
"Why won't you stop moving? You fucker...I'm gonna get you."
"Fly  you fools!"
"Did not see that coming"
"It's my cake-day  so I'd like to share with you the best gif on the entire Internet!"
"Hate it when this happens while playing beer pong"
"For the ladies"
"J.G. Wentworth"
"Meh... I'll eat it with a diet coke."
"Nothing to see here just nickleback"
"The Greatest Band in the World"
"Best. gif. Ever."
"bounce bounce bounce [fixed]"
"Why? Because boobs  that's why."
"I'm going to have some quality father-son bonding time with my kid by watching television shows that we can both enjoy"
"What I show people when they tell me the Matrix doesn't exist"
"Six Million Dollar Kitty"
"Turtle turtle turtle"
"Must've been some damn good cake"
"Watched the Muppets today - I knew I'd seen Beaker before somewhere..."
"thert fers"
"Big brother is watching you"
"Tatev monastery  Armenia."
"This is so cool  boyhood castle obsession reconfirmed"
"My mate over in Queensland just posted this epic story on facebook"
"Water VS Ground"
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his pet cat"
"Henry Behrens  the smallest man in the world dances with his pet cat  1956"
"Thought reddit would enjoy a picture of the worlds smallest man dancing with his cat."
"Cool picture of lava at night"
"Madonna just needs to stop already..."
"No thanks  Im a big boy"
"I've never used more than a cell phone camera until last night. I took this with a used $130 Fujifilm Finepix S4200."
"MRI rose"
"American Artist Bryan Lewis Saunders draws a collection of self-portraits whilst under the influence of various substances.."
"Any last words?"
"Climbing without rope. Alex Honnold on the Half Dome  Yosemite."
"I seem to have lost my watch [NSFW]"
"I'm not sure thats how you're supposed to use intestines"
"When Alien cosplay goes too far... (PORN)"
"Found this on Tumblr."
"He's definitely cheating on her."
"Fuck Wrestling  Im Fabulous"
"Too fabulous to fight"
"Deal with it Wrestler"
"How I feel reaching 100 up votes....."
"How I picture Apple after winning the lawsuit against Samsung [Fixed]"
"Hogging a raspberry"
"Mix Star Wars and Pulp Fiction and you get..."
"What dogs think!"
"My last girlfriend  whenever she couldn't reach me by phone for a few hours."
"What the hell?"
"A tiny cannon blowing up a beer bottle"
"I will never be this cool  feels bad man."
"There is no god and that's the simple truth - Penn Jillette"
"Mind=Blown"
"very wise words from a very smart man."
"My childhood is dead."
"It's a sheep  no wait... It's a pig... I'm confused."
"Garfield..."
"Everyone likes a good comic"
"Death by cats"
"Just made this  what does reddit think?"
"Downvotes hurt. . ."
"Three gymnasts on a skyscraper. That is all."
"It's waterslide season  and there's something I always seem to forget. Every. Single. Year."
"Shopping"
"We went out last night to celebrate my Birthday at a restaurant. This is me once they started singing . . ."
"This Sucks."
"WASSUP"
"Adorable derp."
"WHAT'S UP GUYS?!"
"Our current pop stars in their &quot;later&quot; years."
"Cambodia"
"Temple Run in real life."
"My vote for most terrifying childhood gaming memory [Fixed]"
"Vicious squid attack!"
"Bad rock."
"This made me laugh way too hard"
"Facebook Gold Nugget."
"Don't even know what to say..."
"how I felt when I found out today was the first day of Shark Week..."
"Oh YouTube.."
"YouTube and the joys of marijuana. (x-post from r/funny)"
"oh youtube"
"oh youtube: especially since marijuana is legal now"
"Misleading Gif"
"James Holmes did not appear in court"
"OMG CONSPIRACY!!! LIEK ITZ A TOTES DIFFERENT DUDE!"
"Old habits die hard."
"'You told me you love me a thousand times. Now show it!'"
"'You told me you love me a thousand times. Now show it!'"
"Christmas Frog"
"Batman seems to lack a sense of humor"
"Broscience Batman"
"This was on my old laptop. I don't exactly remember making this. Must have been drunk. (Batman)"
"Nom nom nom nom"
"They're just like us! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Feels good doesn't it"
"Using Baskets Too"
"Cutest dog picture EVER!"
"Leader of the Knotsies..."
"How to brush your teeth like a man."
"How to brush like a man."
"How to brush your teeth like a man."
"A man who loves his job"
"Space shuttle cresting the clouds"
"Glorious"
"Why him? WHY?"
"I don't have a cat  just my favorite picture from the last 4 years."
"Hyrule needed a hero..."
"A happy cake day to me (first cake day post  also not sure if repost)"
"Why i love this show"
"When college friends find out you have an adderall prescription during finals week"
"Cheering Up Machine"
"It was only a matter of time..."
"How to decode the teen's texting lingo."
"Anti-Japanese demonstrations are spreading across China like wildfire. Here's a collection of the most viral photographs posted on Weibo."
"Anti Japanese Demonstrations in China"
"I love her.."
"how in the world....?"
"You'll never get a bunch of cats to do this."
"Found this funnier than it actual is"
"My favorite gif."
"Watering plants rage"
"Watering plants rage [xpost from /r/f7u12]"
"I would get a pet cat in an instant if I could have this little guy in my house"
"How I handle losing most arguments with my friends."
"Opportunities should not be missed ;)"
"When 9gag attacks 4chan"
"Pouring salt in the wound [gif]"
"Pouring salt in the wound"
"cute awesome penguin!"
"Penguin - fat  cute and real?"
"Going under!"
"Guys  I'm going to /r/new  wish me luck!"
"when i was 12"
"Anti-Protester at Mardi Gras is doing it right"
"Judgement Day is here (xpost r/atheism)"
"Judgement Day"
"When being sent to the penalty box isn't enough."
"It's Link!"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"NOPE!"
"Just gonna take a shi.. NOPE.NOPE.NOPE.NOPE"
"Never will I sit on my throne with the same level of comfort"
"Whenever I see one of your goddamn spider pictures"
"When my husband leaves a big shit in the toilet "
"Ein Derpen"
"As a 28 year old male watching women's gymnastics I can't help but feel like our good old friend..."
"Hey  lady."
"Peter grooving"
"Making a late night snack at 3AM at parents' house"
"How i felt being on Reddit while sleeping at a church all spring break..."
"&quot;I love you!&quot;"
"Bath Salts Kittens"
"Oh Robert"
"Cross post from r/funny. What do people think of Robert Downey Jr.'s suit/shoes combo?"
"Please don't set me on fire."
"Just a frozen lake."
"Amazing ice structures of Lake Baikal  Siberia"
"Delicious Cheerleader OMNOMNOM"
"Ohm nom nhom nuem nom"
"Avenging from the bass section"
"The Cleveland Orchestra went all out with their costumes this year during the Halloween Spooktacular concert"
"An unlikely trio found snoozing on a lazy Sunday."
"low five"
"LOW FIVE"
"Ummmmm  yep I'm lost"
"First time to the ocean  and this is what he does."
"The facial expression tells all."
"This pretty much shows how I felt when I realized I forgot to cash in on my reddit birthday."
"Cat in heaven"
"I see what you did there"
"How to cure Monday blues"
"How to cure Monday blues (x-post funny)"
"[Found] Came across this. Wondering how a world like this might work."
"Day and Night in New York City"
"Day and night in New York City in a single image"
"Come at me  BITCH"
"Welp... I guess that's that"
"well  it was a good run"
"that poor poor boy"
"Such a sad reality..."
"You haven't said a word all day"
"Hey Baby  why are you sad ??"
"The Original Three [1920x1080] (X-Post from r/gaming)"
"So Justin Bieber is finally coming to my town."
"That's just terrible."
"When eyelashes attack!"
"Gabe truly is the greatest boss of all time."
"This is why I love gaben!!"
"fuckin walt always one step ahead"
"Spoiler God Damn You  Gale!"
"Thor  dressed as himself. Behold  hog of thunder."
"Thor  dressed as himself. Behold...the hog of thunder"
"awesome venn diagram"
"This is what people do in clubs today."
"Must be one of those zombie raves"
"Stare into the center for one or two minutes  and you'll be able to see through time and space."
"OH HAI"
"Oh  hey guys!"
"&quot;This is one of her more dramatic photoshoots&quot;"
"Bought new jeans for the first time in well over a year. This is how I feel leaving my house in them now."
"When I come home and my two female roommates are doing the dishes in their underwear."
"What an interesting comparison."
"GOT THAT AUTHENTIC GREEK WHITE SHIT (x-post from r/trees)"
"Poor Jorge."
"Well shit…"
"Poor Jorge"
"My dad didn't bother reading the card before he bought it"
"Soon..."
"Soonely..."
"That looks about right."
"Best friends"
"Cuddle time"
"cuddle time"
"How I picture the Knights of New"
"Happy Thanksgiving on Sesame Street"
"Slip-N-Slide"
"Halloween fell on Dads weekend this year."
"Getting ready for halloween with my son."
"Mr. Potato Head reveals his TRUE identity as Adolf Hitler"
"Mr &amp; Mrs toast"
"Bill Nye's yearbook photo"
"Asteroids."
"I really hope they still make these..."
"Oh thank god."
"Alex is actually Paul Flowers (xpost from /r/funny)"
"So I clicked the random button."
"YOU WERE WRONG."
"Insomnia has a face..."
"Why reddit doesn't sleep."
"One year on reddit. This is the pic that best describes my experience."
"Justin Bieber never went to space."
"This plank looks petrified"
"Some friends took a picture. Looks awfully familiar."
"I don't know which image is funnier"
"Got a bit drunk and decided to recreate the Stingray pic with my girlfriends..."
"Hardcore Christian"
"Found this in my &quot;Pictures&quot; folder  entitled &quot;How I pee when I'm drunk&quot;"
"Pro-creation is out of the question."
"My friend does this every month being a different person..."
"Please tell me they're kidding."
"&quot;Jesus Take the Stupid Day&quot;"
"Please  oh please let this be a real thing!"
"March 31st 2013 is Official &quot;Jesus Take The Wheel Day&quot;. Are you attending?"
"Not a bad idea  but I think reddit could execute it better than facebook."
"Hey Reddit  FB had an idea.."
"saw this on facebook let's make it happen"
"I think we all know who the ignorant one is..."
"Wtf did I just read? O.0"
"Wiz Khalifa's tweets."
"So I hear Christian Bale is actually an asshole."
"I think I just lost 50 IQ points..."
"Why you should sometimes pick up people from the side of the road - Imgur (FB)"
"I have no words to describe this..."
"You think Lil' Bean is scary? I present to you  Weezy Bieber."
"This is what AMAs are starting to become"
"You have got to be kidding me."
"I cry everytim &lt;/333333"
"Water - Surprisingly accurate..."
"How the end of the weekend feels."
"In Honor of Blade Runner's 30th Anniversary  I present a Gif of my favorite moment in the film.... Time to Die"
"Batman has had enough"
"Batman to Gotham..."
"Batman on sundays"
"Batman  The Weekend."
"Fuck off! I'm watching the game!!"
"As a police officer  how I feel after finishing a long shift. (First post  fingers crossed)"
"I am going to get myself a panda one day."
"Because I am tempted to do this for my school's Talent Show."
"How I felt after my first upvote."
"Save to friend's background and enjoy."
"It's the eyes!"
"Falling Down (Like a Boss)"
"Just playing it off"
"Dusting Rage"
"GOAAAAAL!"
"Bobak Ferdowsi  flight director of NASA's Curiosity rover"
"Bobak Ferdowsi  flight director of NASA's Curiosity rover"
"Scientists landed a rover on mars this morning. A rockstar scientist was among them."
"3d is lifelike...that makes sense.."
"Like the virgin Marry."
"Personally I think she's telling the truth..."
"Hate it when that happens..."
"White woman claims a 3d porno movie got her pregnant with a black man's baby"
"stick to your story lady  stick to your story."
"3D Is Amazing!"
"oh hellooo..."
"The sequel that I have been waiting almost 10 years for"
"Every time I hear my name in a sentence."
"Catch!"
"What I do when I wake up in the morning and I find out school is cancelled."
"what reddit does when they see cats [fixed]"
"Why are people scared of spiders but love crabs?"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"And now I'm hungry..."
"Still Counts!"
"TIL my day aint all that bad."
"Just how bad can your day get?"
"Hipsters ruin everything"
"For those of you who didn't know..."
"Playing chicken at a red light."
"An unlikely superhero name"
"it's hot out"
"It's hot in Seville."
"It's hot out (OP clingulst)"
"I love strawberry"
"I love My Chicken!!"
"When I found out I am the only guy on my floor in my new dorm."
"When one song transitions perfectly to another on my iPod"
"How I secretly feel when I hear a song that I like out in the public"
"aaron paul wins the emmy for best supporting actor!"
"Creepr"
"Every rose has its thorn"
"The Bad Rose"
"Like a boss"
"How male redditors would handle Pintrest"
"MOVE child"
"what i feel like doing when people my age talk about the fucking 90's relentlessly (i'm 22)"
"YEEEEAH!"
"Every man can sympathize..."
"Cute photobomb (cross post from r/funny)"
"Furry photobomb"
"How I feel 24 hours after shaving my ass"
"Nobody."
"What Lucy saw when she looked down.."
"The Evolution of Humans"
"Just watching this hurts my leg"
"Feetspin"
"Ow my joints"
":P to"
":p"
"Pull tab for smile."
"Pull tab for smile. (Xpost from R/Pics)"
"lazy dog  so cute!"
"A cat's life"
"Taking care of business"
"Sharp dressed man!"
"this fox has been through some shit"
"Hydrogen Bomb  those black dots on the horizon are trees [x-post r/woahdude]"
"On this day in history  Trinity  the very first nuclear weapons test"
"Picture of Trinity the first ever nuclear test [1483x1000]"
"16ms after the first atomic detonation  July 16  1945"
"200m firebubble of Trinity  the nuclear explosion that marked the beginning of the Atomic Age  16 milliseconds after detonation. Specks on the horizon are trees."
"Take that!"
"Yeah  that sums it up..."
"The Holocaust according to Omegle"
"SOON"
"Darren want a drama-free relationship."
"Word on the playground was that if you drank 5 in a row  your heart would explode...."
"taken from r/wallpapers  thought it deserved more attention."
"All of the GTA 5 screenshots"
"We're so God Damn MILITANT!"
"reminded me of Madagascar III"
"When I have an awesome sexdream and someone or something is interrupting it"
"Hurricane Sandy..."
"That explains it"
"OP will surely deliver."
"Yea  kids suck."
"&quot;Girlfriend&quot;"
"I feel ya bro..."
"I see what you're going too do there!"
"Everyone really is looking for a bargain(NSFW?)"
"No No No No"
"A family member of mine just succumbed to disease. This is how I've felt for the past few days of people talking about her going to heaven."
"when I missed my favorite show"
"watching my parents use a computer (from r/gifs)"
"suddenly...."
"Father of the Year Award goes to..."
"I hope I'm never this dad."
"In Capitalist America...."
"one logo can change everything"
"Meat turtle"
"Redneck turtle burgers for dinner this week. That is all."
"Bacon Turtle Burgers"
"Bacon turtle burgers (via Cali Lewis on Google+)"
"Bacon Turtle Burger"
"You'd Think Red Bull Could've At Least Hired a Proofreader"
"We knew we could cunt on you Felix!"
"And the Typo of the Year Award goes to.... Red Bull!"
"This is Elk Tennis"
"Oh deer!"
"Double tap"
"8 lives left"
"This pretty much sums it up"
"&quot;Hey fellas  come check this out!&quot;"
"Homework"
"Are you a optimist  pessimist or pissimist"
"Poor realist"
"Sneak lvl 100"
"And you say David Blaine is good."
"That some strong ..... thigh"
"Wait... what?"
"Math Teacher Fail."
"Teacher Of The Year."
"Do you ever wonder?......."
"he rules mcdonalds"
"Men !"
"They all do this. And I don't know why."
"Bike + unicorn = win"
"Do you really think..."
"Eat up"
"Tick Tick Boom"
"Stephen Hawking  1963"
"Oh shit.... Oh shit!"
"Oh shit.... Oh shit! [Fixed]"
"shit..SHit...SHIT..."
"My attempts at reaching the front page"
"Oh god why.."
"Moose babies"
"Siamoose Twins"
"When it's my day off but it's too cold to go outside"
"Saw this in my school's bathroom while taking a piss at the urinal... could not stop laughing."
"I still wonder why they would put this above a urinal"
"Global Warming"
"&quot;Then we will see who is worthless&quot;"
"Have no fear! Snoop Dogg's here!"
"Sooo... I found the Cookie Monster..."
"Zing!"
"Well  that Leprechaun is fucked."
"Well  that leprechaun's fucked."
"ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz"
"My grandmother found this while looking through her drawers."
"It's a piece of cake to bake a pretty cake"
"Best recipe ever."
"New Pokemon Drinking Game!!"
"Fuck Aquaman!"
"Me  when the girl I liked told me she liked someone else AND would be moving away to a different state...but never said she didn't like me."
"sorry I lost control..."
"The day I lost control"
"Sunrise from Mount Fuji"
"Cats are assholes."
"Another reason why cats are the worst"
"It's made for cats"
"Breakdancing cat"
"Perfect Kick"
"She brought this on herself"
"cat gets owned"
"No Kitty!"
"I have no caption for this"
"Sometimes you ask &quot;how did I come to this point?&quot; (NSFW)"
"Boo"
"Taste-testing."
"Bacon...not done yet"
"He Always Was Cocky"
"I have two months until graduation..."
"i has a bucket"
"If households budgeted like the G.O.P."
"If households budgeted like the GOP"
"Come on  get in my belly!"
"I decided to play Amnesia like it said to.."
"How I feel browsing /r/wtf some days..."
"Some Hi-Res Pics of Some Highly Badass Presidents"
"The Physical Manifestation of America and Freedom"
"America! Fuck Yeah!"
"Typed in 'Murica' to Google Images. Was not disappointed."
"'Merica"
"'Merica 2.0"
"Still one of my favorite books."
"Bard Buffs His Party in Libyan Shootout"
"Fighting with music"
"Found while adding random letters/numbers to an imgur url"
"How I make a living..."
"The average redditor"
"This is the reason why I joined Reddit."
"Flo Chart Rida. I mapped out Flo Rida's song &quot;Low&quot; a few years back."
"This is what happens when geeks listen to hip-hop."
"Hover Hand Level: -9999"
"He confuses bath time with nap time"
"Excited for shark week!"
"Shark Week begins tonight!"
"Gonna make you sweat!"
"I love this meme."
"Well  may I?"
"And I'm alright with that."
"Writing a children's book."
"My sim is writing a children's book"
"I'm writing a children's book (The Sims 3)."
"Filarial Worm inside Human Eye"
"Just a Filarial Worm in an eye ball."
"For a good time..."
"Call for a good time!"
"OBABO"
"this little guy makes my heart melt"
"just a monkey bout the size of my finger"
"I searched jajajajaja and this is what I found"
"when i was younger  the hardest mother fucker out there was this boy"
"home alone in paris"
"Whenever I try to be upset at my dog"
"At first I was like..."
"Me after five seconds in the &quot;picture you can't see without laughing&quot; thread"
"I woke up pissed and then realized it was my cakeday."
"How I felt after reading r/nosleep."
"Now walk it out. Walk it out..."
"Too much pressure."
"Being a shark is hard."
"The just ok white shark."
"best buds"
"A tense standoff between Foxy Brown the Pitbull and the neighbor's cat..."
"$1 000 000 winner on the price is right"
"Life is good."
"A hamster in a swing. That is all."
"A mouse on a swing!"
"Super Bowl Champs!"
"Superbowl T-Shirts"
"Patriot T-shirts"
"I'm going to hell for this [TWSK]"
"I've just reserved my spot in hell with this one..."
"Swaqq strikes again"
"So tired of seeing these on Facebook...this one isn't even using the meme correctly."
"How to lose the internet: Step 1"
"This is the sole reason I deleted my Facebook."
"The top 20 pirating countries in the world  the total number of torrent downloads over the past six months and the most popular shared artist in each country. [BBC]"
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"What I think when I see people posting their babies' pictures on Facebook."
"Grumpy cat at the vet"
"A picture of grumpy cat a day keeps the doctor away"
"I (don't) remember when I could do this."
"&quot;Hi  i'm a Mac&quot;"
"Holy B Cups Batman!"
"I can fly!"
"Made this one myself. May I present &quot;Slenderman Frolicking&quot;."
"Had to be done"
"Somehow this would have made the game less scary..."
"Only one song fits this so well...."
"Too many Tiny Tim's  but this in the most fitting."
"Slender in the Sunlight  Slender in the moonlight  Slendering all of the time"
"Slenderman isn't all that bad..."
"You Can't Do A Powerslide With 20 People!"
"Mexican Driver?"
"Fuck this  I'm outta here"
"Fuck this  I'm outta here"
"Van Persie - such grace"
"Boop"
"A Baby Elephant and Many Ducks."
"Shakespeare Knows Whats Up"
"Shakespeare's advice for getting bitches"
"No matter how stupid Reddit may seem  4Chan always ups the ante."
"The day /b/ sent a toad to space."
"Didn't see that coming..."
"Trollface Moose: Problem  hunter?"
"Real life novelty account?"
"To everybody posting on facebook that they are back at school:"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Mr. Bean"
"and Seattle at dawn"
"Almost there..."
"How I feel when I actually say something in r/politics"
"This is what trying to leave reddit feels like"
"Kitty trains hard"
"What studying for finals feels like"
"500 Miles"
"Journey to the frontpage"
"The longest journey"
"Anybody else immediately think of this?"
"What it has felt like trying to make a good post for my cake day."
"When comics get together  it doesn't get any funnier than this."
"A Reminder to Always Stay Confident"
"With all the talk about pedophiles on reddit  this seems like the appropriate time to post this again."
"Bears can type?"
"Anyone remember this guy?"
"Band Trip"
"Would you do the same?"
"Being informed that your promising post was previously posted."
"No running!"
"Testing my website in Internet Explorer"
"A cat riding bacon in space. (smosh)"
"Reddit."
"This belongs here..."
"Just a cat riding bacon in space.. No big deal"
"No title needed"
"Thug Life"
"I stayed up all night making this shit: Twitchy_Romney_Explosions.gif"
"Sweet  a free box!"
"Toilet only for- uh what?"
"How I feel when douchebags like my girlfriends photo on Facebook.."
"Being &quot;Lawyered&quot; in the animal kingdom"
"Cartoon Vs. Reality - Lion King"
"Good Friends"
"Elation"
"Traffic stop"
"Watching best of Will ferrel on SNL I realized Jim Carrey is the original troll face"
"Night at the Roxbury GIF 2.0 (Not what is love)"
"Yeah...Yeah!YEAH!Aww..."
"Aaand... off!"
"Anyone else think this?"
"There is a huge hairy spider on your head...Oh!..."
"Oh  that's why."
"Instant Karmic Retribution [gif]"
"Run Kitty Run!!!!"
"Fuck everything about this level [FIXED]"
"If you remember this you survived a heart attack [FIXED]"
"Fuck everything about this level"
"8 year olds  dude"
"Oh. Well that solves that  then."
"Not sure if repost...."
"I guess my pants can smell"
"I always read it  hoping that one day I'll find something like this"
"Google searched &quot;lips fleshlight&quot; to educate a friend... This little puppy showed up."
"Who was the one who that this was a good add?"
"Pretty much me attempting my chem midterm."
"I don't agree with Planking  but the Scottish know how to take it to a whole other level."
"Wallet problems"
"Battlefield player's problems"
"PC Gaming Woes.."
"I hate when this happens"
"What the Steam sale is like for me"
"My brother just said this."
"What I heard a customer say as her partner consoled her."
"Goth Girl Problems"
"Had this problem today- ended up with no pants"
"my life... is explained."
"Minnesota Wild's season in a .gif"
"Smack"
"When I get one up vote and then another person down votes me."
"I need that suit"
"Dan the Downer."
"Amazing police dog catches shooter"
"No human will ever be as badass as this."
"F you! I'm a dog."
"One amazing K-9"
"Cat Jazz"
"I'm sorry..."
"i sowwy....."
"Lost his Shit (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"Redbull Stratosphere &amp; Halo"
"&quot;I also ordered a pizza.&quot;"
"Tech Support"
"Mom sent me this with a message saying &quot;It's just like you and I!&quot; ...FALSE MOM  I'd NEVER suggest Internet Explorer."
"Someone has a problem with authority"
"Your sign can't tell me what to feel."
"Angry man breaking the rules"
"My thoughts after I chose HD-DVD over Blu-Ray"
"Look what I didn't find in my backyard! (pic)"
"Africans. Dyslexics. Children. That sorta thing."
"Cut My Life Into..."
"cheat meals [x-post from r/funny]"
"Me when my Mom tells me company is coming over"
"My Friends tricked me into visiting r/SpaceDicks"
"The longer i watch the funnier it gets"
"How about this creepy watermelon art?"
"I know people here like watermelon carvings."
"Oh shes a looker ;)"
"I must go  my people need me."
"om nom nom.... (NSFW)"
"oh what"
"WTF is the only way to describe this"
"&quot;The Bane of My Existence&quot;"
"Amazing drawing of Bane (woodless graphite/charcoal pencil)"
"Remember that Garfield derp comic submitted a few days ago? There were no good quality large files of it so I recreated it."
"Saw this on my news feed..."
"Seems Legit"
"Hard to fathom"
"Modern Art"
"The balls on this one!"
"Talk About Big Balls [FIXED]"
"Giant balls..."
"Testicular Elephantitis"
"Still one of my favorite pictures on the Internet. The king of Sweden cheering on his 2012 Olympic team. The expressions are just... priceless."
"Oh you know  I'm just hangin' out reddit!"
"Lobster Court"
"Squidward is blue (da ba dee)"
"Jenga"
"The ever-watching eye"
"Can't touch this"
"Oh you know  the usual. Spinning jumping and kicking and shit"
"impressive"
"Fighting level: DAMN!"
"This is how I feel when I argue with my girlfriend's logic."
"Holy Shit..!"
"For all the fellow Street Fighter fans  Cammy IRL"
"Any Skyrim fans on /r/trees?"
"Any Skyrim Fans ???????"
"When they told me he was nailed the the cross I had no idea..."
"Because I know Atheists love Jesus jokes!"
"Jesus on His Death"
"Jesus on Sinning"
"Every time My mum uses the computer"
"Every time"
"Googled &quot;what is reddit&quot;"
"My friend recently joined reddit  I sent him this"
"West side right now"
"Fucking water  man"
"So I googled 'Koala Mouth'  and this was one of the results...."
"The Voice by Shel Silverstein"
"As a guy  this is the first thing I do after school."
"So many feels to feel"
"Evolution of the Batman Logo"
"What I think every time I open a super long rage comic/facebook/self post."
"After waking up with over 100 comments on my post in /r/funny"
"Woah Nigga!"
"Nightmare material at the art gallery..."
"\m/"
"How I feel when someone makes a point that they are checking out a girl."
"420 in your gamertag/psn id?"
"What it's like trying to watch a show when you have kids"
"boing!"
"Soon"
"How I feel after a weekend filled with partying"
"How I feel at a [1]"
"F1 accident"
"F1 accident (not for the faint hearted)"
"Getting turned on by a toaster  my mother would be proud."
"Owl and Owlette"
"Yololo"
"Sneak Attack fail"
"What upvotes feel like [Fixed]"
"To all of you affected by the Reddit downtime.. Ha  I was fine!"
"The Internet"
"No thanks!"
"Religion of peace?"
"Derp &amp; Son Landscaping  Inc"
"If Only He Knew"
"No kid  that's not how you brush your teeth."
"Realizing it's my cakeday today"
"Mila"
"GQ's knockout of the year 2011. (I can't argue)"
"Preview of the upcoming Oz film."
"Friend posted a picture of his daughter. I thought it was reddit worthy."
"Saw this on my newsfeed... Too many people got this wrong."
"Saw this on my news feed... Too many people got this wrong.."
"There goes my faith in humanity. Again. [FB]"
"Risque Rabbit"
"Stop what you're doing! Here's a pole dancing rabbit."
"Happy Easter! Here is a bunny on a stripper pole."
"One of my favorite gifs."
"Black Betty Rabbit"
"Just starting playing Arma II for the first time . . ."
"I just got a kitten for the first time."
"Sounds like a promising watch."
"So this exists......"
"Jeepers creepers!"
"&quot;In America  Freedom of Speech means you can believe in God any way you want  but you MUST believe&quot;"
"I choose you Calculus!"
"A wild exponential function appears!"
"I have absolutely no idea what's going on here"
"frankenstorm and all  but whats happening in mexico?!"
"Black hole over Mexico?"
"feels like it was meant to be  really"
"Almost every Redditor"
"Cat person"
"What....wh....why?"
"Intense"
"Mad Skills [gif]"
"Mad Skills [gif]"
"it's an adorable sweater"
"my little baby after a bath"
"Fight with a system!"
"Borderlands 2 Logic"
"The sudden realization"
"It was you!"
"How i felt when i found out my parents were Santa Claus"
"gets me everytime"
"Why we never went back to the zoo"
"...While it ate the whole thing... Q.o"
"If you recognize this couch - shame on you."
"Photosynthesis"
"Rise of the silver.. Crocodile.gif"
"Alligator Rider!"
"A Detailed Comparison"
"Lonely Cat Redo"
"When I have days off."
"When someone asks me if I'm busy. &quot;Uh  kinda...&quot;"
"How I start when I browse /r/nsfw_gif"
"Onions!"
"Hand made giraffe"
"Amazing hand painting"
"Let it out bro  let it out"
"I know buddy  I know"
"My favourite movie explosion."
"Every. Single. Action. Movie. Ever."
"Must be a Michael Bay film."
"Is that really the only way you can tell?"
"How to be a gentleman after passing gas"
"Underwater Tiger thinks your argument is invalid"
"Underwater Tiger"
"Underwater Tiger [1 200px × 800px (scaled to 957px × 638px)]"
"Just a nibble."
"A nice little spot in florida"
"I thought this fit well"
"Can't get any more bad ass than this"
"Aquaman Dance Flight"
"Aquaman: No Fucks Given Edition (FIXED)"
"Mother fucking rainbow lizard"
"Every religious debate I have ever been in"
"But why"
"Octopus Land  Underwater city"
"decided to hack my boyfriends facebook.....this was his default for 24 hrs"
"He sells it with his eyes"
"I see your &quot;Saddest picture on the internet&quot; and present to you the &quot;Gayest picture on the internet&quot;."
"And that's how our cars run on dinosaurs."
"My Favorite and most heavily edited Game of Thrones gif on the interwebs. Yes  it contains bacon."
"How I poop while playing games on my phone."
"How I feel like in the large and private handicap toilet"
"Guile's Theme + Elmo Pooping"
"a good poop"
"How I poop when I realize I can see the TV from the toilet in my new house."
"Getting ready for a night with my hot hot hot boyfriend."
"How I feel about my first cake day"
"Pug muzzle  one size fits all"
"There are 8 different consoles in there"
"Santa knows what I want for Christmas"
"High surf below Golden Gate Bridge  San Francisco"
"This makes me laugh every time"
"Like you never did this."
"How I'm feeling today"
"My friend sent this to me"
"Batman vs Jesus"
"Catburgers make heads turn."
"That one friend you can act stupid with"
"This is actually quite terrifying."
"How I feel when my parents say no to a plan I made with friends"
"Saw this on the bus last night."
"Here in Manchester we have our own local celebrity: meet the Rabbit man!"
"Was this guy hopping mad!?"
"The Official Language of the European Union"
"Ninja Bear is The One."
"Ninja Bear (Fixed)"
"(Catholic) Sex Flowchart"
"Silly Hamster"
"Oh how I love you"
"So tiny yet so cute."
"Awe &lt;3"
"r/atheism in a nutshell"
"You have to admit  this is pretty funny. (x post from AdviceAnimals)"
"pretty much sums it up"
"Flawless logic"
"ok you can keep it"
"chill out dawg"
"Just some boys playing with their train set."
"Origin of the gay seal"
"I saw this today. Not sure if it belongs here  but I had to share.."
"90's Barbie vs. 00's Barbie"
"Puppy husky"
"Manute and Spud: Different Worlds"
"Largest carpet of flowers in the world. Brussels  Belgium"
"Belgium... on DRUGS"
"dafuq??"
"what is the story behind this?? tentacle/claw in brain(NSFW)"
"wtf is this?"
"Just saw this on 4chan. what the fuck is this???"
"good comic!"
"My friend sent me this link and I'm not sure how I feel. Thoughts?"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Found this on Facebook - Nicolas Cage the Elephant"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Log onto FB and what do I find? Nicholas Cage the Elephant! Hope this isn't a repost"
"Found this on Facebook - Nicolas Cage the Elephant (x-post from r/funny)"
"(Nicholas) Cage The Elephant"
"Nicholas Cage The Elephant"
"Fuck sheep!"
"No one will ever find it!"
"I don't know why I keep falling for this."
"Movies Based On Video Games"
"Wait a minute! Something not quite right about this Cat..."
"Oops..."
"Still my favorite gif"
"My ex-girlfriend who cheated on me told me she wanted me back  this was my response"
"Nah i prefer the floor man...."
"My friends and I saw this the other day..."
"Probably wouldn't have seemed normal even in 1992"
"You weren't there  man"
"Retired Red Alert Attack Dog"
"Dog's war flash back"
"I've seen some horrors in my lifetime..."
"Pugnacious."
"Oh no he didn't..."
"C'mon Jerry"
"Shit is about to go DOWN!"
"Put that stupid tongue back  Jerry"
"Trying to make food at a [10]"
"The worst feeling"
"I'm afraid to download anything from 1969"
"Maybe I'm missing something  but Steam  having a last modified date *and* time would have helped me here."
"I guess Steam has been around longer than I thought..."
"Yesterday or Yesterday?"
"I would like to present my client's internet search history for that evening....."
"a bouncing cube of jello...nothing more"
"My friend posted this on Facebook today."
"Jello!"
"Just for you."
"Advice from the master"
"Bacon Rock (xpost from r/pics)"
"/facepalm"
"Finding a picture that reached the front page that you seen weeks before..."
"Have you let Raptor Jesus into your heart and into your life?"
"How I feel arguing with Christians sometimes"
"Why debating theists should be done lightheartedly."
"Thomas Paine"
"Very true Mr Paine  I doth thy cap to you!"
"You ever hear that one about arguing with a pigeon  Mr. Paine?"
"Whenever I see &quot;Checkmate Atheists!&quot;"
"Nothing weird going on here..."
"My virginity is safe"
"Yeah  I can accept that."
"That's how it actually works."
"Classic Omegle moment."
"Whats the difference.."
"the trouble with unicorns?"
"just an everyday unicorn pregnancy"
"Put your fist in the centre. It speeds up!"
"Ivysaur digivolve to...Venusauuuur!!!"
"Ivysaur digivolve to...Venusauuuur!!! [x-post from r/pokemon]"
"Ivysaur digivolve to... Venusaur!!!"
"Ivysaur digivolve to... Venusaur!!! [x-post from r/pokemon]"
"I first looked at it and I almost pooped my pants. Turns out just car lights"
"Albino Peacock"
"Giving them the slip."
"&quot;A layer of low clouds covers the alpine valleys of northern Italy  just south of Lake Como &quot; writes photographer Stefano Anghileri. &quot;You can easily recognize the round shape of Lago di Olginate and the lights of the villages all around its banks.&quot;"
"cars swallowed by grass in Taiwan"
"You had one job Phil."
"fine literature"
"What trees look like in Finland."
"Google does not have my back..."
"Have you ever googled reddit? I never had  but now that I have  I'm sort of ashamed for us."
"Google's self esteem"
"Good 'ol Wendy's"
"Seems about right..."
"Yo mama jokes: scientist vs. economist vs. doctor"
"Little Porker"
"i will never eat ham again"
"found this cute little guy wandering around."
"Im just going to leave this here"
"Its all I can hear now!!"
"How I picture little kids online on COD"
"Black Ops II online in a nutshell"
"How I feel today. [SFL]"
"Its my cake day. Here is a picture of a goat..."
"Well..."
"Every time I go on r/WTF..."
"Me browsing r/ShittyAdviceAnimals..."
"It was downvoted for a reason [x-post from r/funny]"
"Well  I finally took a look at r/picsofdeadkids..."
"How I feel when I come across a bad comment."
"What happens when I Resubmit a link that went to the Junk Filter only to get it Massively Downvoted later."
"Noon..."
"Police Medic. He'll beat you healthy!"
"My reaction when someone I don't know too well gives me a hug"
"It's okay  bro. It's okay."
"They picked me last for kickball..."
"Kyle's first kiss"
"Hmm something not so sexy about this..."
"Way To Heaven"
"Flower Tunnel"
"Real men don't use doors."
"I don’t use doors. I make my own."
"The Cost of SETI"
"One small step for man.. many small steps for another man (my first gifsound  enjoy!)"
"Japan Man"
"How to troll a bee."
"Now im never late for work"
"possibly violent but surely effective (xpost from r/funny)"
"I used to be...."
"Oh Sir Lancelot... You so silly!"
"If your foot looks like this  you're in trouble. (NSFL)"
"This game was the shit."
"How I will feel on Halloween"
"What I imagine I looked like when I drunkenly hailed a cab after a toga party last night."
"Was looking at halloween costumes when suddenly..."
"When I make a typo on Reddit."
"When my girlfriend asks me to listen to her problems"
"When I get a lot of down votes on a post"
"Saw a video of myself doing karaoke last night"
"Suddenly..."
"79% of people don't know opposite words for the following:"
"Your new desktop background - ISS backdropped by the void of space and the thin line of Earth's atmosphere"
"Well  you wanted to break something  right?"
"Bad idea"
"Who Says White People Can't Dance?"
"How I feel when someone challenges me to a religious debate  and I win [X-Post from r/halo]"
"Hey macarena supastar!"
"He got swag"
"When I finally beat my girlfriend in an argument"
"Bitch please"
"How I felt getting an extra hour of sleep last night"
"Yes  there is an app for that! How much money do you make while using the toilet at work?"
"You're doing it wrong"
"No worries! Just trying out a new stretch."
"I don't think the human body is supposed to bend like that."
"No pain  no gain"
"That Face..."
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post"
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post [FIXED]"
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"This is how I see every [FIXED] post"
"This is how I see every [Fixed] post. [Fixed]"
"Oh god..."
"Yeah  they went there."
"Shame!"
"My shit  it has been lost. [4]"
"Oh the glory of the Internet."
"Why is this a GIF? it isn't even..."
"Why  she wouldn't even harm a fly!"
"Wait for it..."
"They had to do this on purpose!"
"Lake Obersee in Germany. Wow."
"Take all my money!"
"Chicken Embryo"
"Say it!"
"I hate these commercials"
"Shit just got real."
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"5 Gum"
"Good timing for this kitty"
"Nothing is impossible"
"¡Ariba!"
"Perspective"
"The pleasure is all mine.."
"Still Counts"
"Every year thousands of mice get herpes from unprotected sex."
"Mice on mouse action!"
"NOPE"
"how i reacted when my post made it to the front page(subreddit) within a hour"
"How I feel after 2 months of reddit with a karma level of (85:722)"
"[HIFW] I make a clever comment on Reddit."
"What cakeday must feel like."
"Ethan Hawke... never saw it before"
"I came as fast as I could [fixed]"
"Everytime I try to smile for a Family portrait."
"When giraffes get drunk..."
"That rice...must have opium in it..."
"Stop staring into my soul!"
"The Story of Fort Friendship"
"Steam Summer Sale Backgrounds from Day 1 to Day 11 into one GiF! Enjoy"
"The Whole Steam Sale Background story in one .gif!"
"This just blows my mind [gif]."
"Burn."
"How small are we?! Mindfuck!"
"The biggest thing in the universe... wait for it"
"The biggest thing in the universe... wait for it"
"The Earth compared to other planets  stars and moons."
"The Earth compared to other planets  stars and moons."
"Some men just want to see the"
"Winston Churchill's Plainly Visible Dong"
"Winston Churchill's Plainly Visible Dong"
"Always."
"This doesn't seem quite right..."
"If you see someone drowning..."
"Ground control to Major Tom"
"The ultimate &quot;half-and-half&quot; cat."
"Ordered a bloody mary. Uhm."
"Anytime my friends and alcohol are involved..."
"I don't think Deadpool was a fan of the Star Wars prequels."
"vintage Pakistani Airline ad  the irony is killing me"
"Pakistan Airlines Ad from 1979"
"My favorite Beer."
"Love this guy."
"No One is in Charge"
"My role model ever since I was a child."
"No Detroit Tigers fan tonight."
"So that's how it works"
"Anatomy of an erection. NSFW"
"Forever Alone"
"What. The. F*ck."
"THIS. IS. PAINTING!"
"America  fuck yeah!"
"Interesting elevator sign.."
"Elephant stuff"
"Lots of fish in the sea"
"how i feel when i try to date girls"
"Nobody dare to mess with the mighty shark:&gt;"
"Death Toll"
"Thug Life"
"Purrfect bad day cure"
"so this is a trend in japan now.. not even surprised"
"Just a chick playing with her pussy"
"Dance Dance!"
"And I was like baby  baby  baby"
"When people don't resize their pictures"
"Super Mario 3D"
"If that thing could've worked we would all be fucked."
"Overcompensating Hitler"
"you so crazy"
"Freedom"
"This has been my desktop background for about a year now and I'm still not sick of it (Portal 2 SPOILERS - Credits in the comments)"
"under a watchful eye"
"Beauty and the..."
"Just watched Beauty and the Beast  such a beautiful moment..."
"Righteous!"
"Hi  you may remember me from the alphabet..."
"Whilst browsing through the titty spoons post"
"That feeling when you finally get a joke."
"MFW I realized Reddit is designed for people with ADHD"
"Dance like you got it all figured out"
"Realized this when I got out of the shower"
"Attention Whore"
"Becca what are you doing?"
"Becca..."
"Just looking into his eyes makes me feel uneasy"
"Fuck yea. Nonstop Action."
"I know where my next paycheck is going..."
"Win"
"Pretty much sums up Youtube."
"Where can I purchase one of these letter-opening machines?"
"Polar Bear Cubs Chasing Each Other (GIF)"
"Maniac"
"White people"
"Dancing to Kanye."
"Remember you are not alone"
"LET ME IN"
"True Talent.."
"Changing the game of flip cup one ass at a time"
"Only in your dreams"
"Inception  behind the scenes"
"Woke up to this..."
"Oh! You a fancy Portal? Huh?"
"So this is what I woke up to this morning..."
"Erin"
"MGM"
"YES yes i do wear them and Often!!!!"
"Awesome Pictures of September 11  2001 Ground Zero World Trade Center."
"Because I am a cat"
"When I was a boy..."
"I still prefer &quot;Karamel Police&quot;."
"I think I just fell in love."
"umwat"
"We Kill the Pac-Man"
"I wonder what kind of salad Richard Simmons would prepare for me if we ate together?"
"Meanwhile at the DWB office..."
"Friend and I just watched 'The Prestige.' This is us for pretty much the entire second half of the movie.."
"Diving Cat"
"Because Fuck Nature  That's Why."
"A bad day at work."
"Cheezeburger has been had"
"Yes  you can haz."
"Find the CAT in this picture"
"Not Sure That's Appropriate"
"Barbie squirts!"
"Why can't I ever find a girl like Barbie?"
"She does what now?"
"Cat always has to be the center of attention"
"Yeah...you should probably take something for that"
"Low self esteem? Why?"
"9 different ways to make love to cats in Japan"
"Magazine Cover Fail (sorry if repost)"
"Deer and fox kiss"
"Best friends!"
"Bambi and Fox meet for the first time..."
"How to use an elevator like a boss."
"I see your facial hair and I raise you chest hair"
"coolest place to watch a launch from!"
"Guess the web browser game!"
"An elephant all alone in South Africa"
"Elephant"
"The KKK on a Ferris Wheel - weirdest one i've seen in a while"
"'But i want to go on the Ferris Wheel'...NOPE!"
"Want."
"Ow!"
"Put your finger here"
"Just act less gay!"
"Found this in my local paper."
"The best response to any argument."
"Me this morning when I had 2 cups of coffee and there's no toilet paper in the house"
"My reaction to finding out that &quot;Most awesome first name&quot; Bear Grylls' name is really Edward."
"Ultimate Hotbox?"
"Best reaction to a zombie  ever..."
"Downvoting a rising link on /r/new"
"2 cats cuddling  your argument is invalid"
"2 cats cuddling  your argument is invalid"
"As an Atheist  this is how I felt when my mom forced me to go to church...."
"DVD success"
"Perfect Timing of a Wildlife Photographer"
"This is what I feel like walking around town. [6]"
"This is more funny than it should be."
"This deserves to be on r/trees (x-post from r/funny)"
"Swagger"
"A new take on the walking slinky"
"I can't dance."
"Lion head explosion"
"When I got my first mean comment on Reddit"
"nevr lit go jak"
"every celebrity: I was bullied in high school"
"Interesting."
"So true"
"Yo dawg we heard you like Macs..."
"You tell em' grandma!"
"The later years"
"Fantasy"
"Pinecones.."
"Bang!"
"bang animal abuse your doing it wrong"
"bang!"
"Well thought out.."
"Is it okay to re-gift?"
"If this makes you laugh  go the fuck to bed"
"Oh well he is Lefty"
"This guy gets all the bitches"
"Meanwhile in Shanghai...."
"Why I hate clubs (FIXED)"
"Dancing at the club is getting more crazy by the day..."
"I Googled &quot;Put your hands where I can see them&quot; Not even close  Google."
"Batmans come a long way (x-post from r/batman)"
"Barney"
"Hermit Crab in a Glass Shell"
"I want one."
"Merman! *cough cough* MerMAN"
"DIY Jetpack is AWESOME!"
"I Believe I Can Fly"
"The Art of Seduction [FIXED]"
"must..leaavee..redditt..for...worldd"
"My childhood memories just suicided I think [Semi-NSFW]"
"Possible repost  but in light of the recent Emma Watson post  this is my favorite picture of her"
"Possible repost/photoshop  but idc Emma Watson is way to attractive (NSFW)"
"Here is Emma Watson's Tits."
"Batman is hungry."
"Batman is hungry."
"Omnomnomnom Batman"
"True Love"
"This is what happens when you shopkeepers white their own signs..."
"Happy Monday  now back to sheeepppp...."
"Motherhood"
"MOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!"
"Angry Adopted Cat"
"Adopted Cat"
"I don't know why this is so funny..."
"Trees"
"i wish i was that coordinated"
"Who wouldn't want this elephant"
"How I feel when i realized i missed my cakeday because of work..."
"Just doing my job. [NSFW]"
"This is how I view the rest of reddit"
"Recognize Anyone?"
"I have a dream (within a dream?)"
"Dreams..."
"I have 75%off coupon for Portal2 on steam. Anyone want change it for something?"
"Oh hey Barney wha- OH MY GOD!"
"WhoaoaAAAuughaAUOOooaaoAA!!"
"tha fuck?"
"Everytime I browse 4chan"
"If Bruce Campbell rode a bicycle"
"Dear Reddit  ever been turned on by a tree before?"
"Dancing tree is fabulous"
"With all the &quot;pretty eyes&quot; posts on the front page recently  I thought I'd share one."
"Go home apple  you're drunk."
"Spread that sh*t"
"More jam mom."
"spread it All over"
"&quot;So how do you work this thing?&quot;"
"SHOW ME YOUR WAR FACE!"
"War face!"
"Snooki's baby. Official photos"
"How big is Africa?"
"Diglet?"
"Supermoon - Cordoba Spain"
"For the lab lovers out there"
"Halloween in Germany  circa 1930's."
"Interesting costume"
"South Park Families"
"Popped up on my facebook feed"
"I see why the mustache was added."
"it's me! it's me! wtf?"
"Where is this from?"
"Get it together Thor!"
"Lanterns being launched into the sky as a Thai tradition"
"Thousand of Taiwanese killed by demon fire bags falling from the sky."
"The best Jurassic Park game ever."
"The best horror game as a child"
"Hurry put him up there before he wakes up lol"
"Yep I'm definitely going to hell for laughing so hard at this."
"Could only think of this while suffering through Easter mass with my mother."
"When a cruel joke gets out of hand."
"When a cruel joke goes wrong."
"Space"
"The Final Frontier"
"And here's how you should sell a book [fixed]"
"And here's how you should sell a book [FIXED]"
"Simple...but Funny! Still giggling!!!"
"Who you calling &quot;nimrod&quot;?"
"Someone on Facebook posted this..."
"A happy kitty is a good kitty..."
"Googled &quot;crunchy nut guy&quot; and found this"
"What soldiers really do  not all of us pose with dead bodies  eat babies  and rape women {FIXED FOR HISTORICAL ACCURACY}"
"I know  amirite???!"
"I have to hand it to you ..."
"That feeling..."
"Surely the Greatest Book Ever"
"M. T. Anderson's Thrilling Tales"
"Love this pic. Can you find all the references?"
"For all those participating in Movember"
"Give Me Cash"
"You don't fuck with alfa..."
"You don't fuck with alpha..."
"You don't fuck with alpha...[Fixed]"
"How I feel when someone downvotes my posts."
"How I feel when this song comes on the radio..."
"Samuel L Jackson disapproval eyes. Is this from a show or something?"
"This was relevant a week ago"
"Have you ever wondered  &quot;Do ducks play Guitar Hero?&quot;"
"Everyone seems to be liking pacman right now so I figured I'd upload my favorite Pacman picture!"
"How I feel when my girlfriend is at my house and I'm playing Xbox"
"Not completely accurate  but worth a good chuckle"
"Yeah.. That's totally why I don't have a girlfriend."
"Come at me bro."
"Deep center"
"poor guy..."
"Whatever floats your boat."
"The Awakening"
"Posted it in a comment earlier  figured it belonged here."
"Just a reminder"
"MRW nobody answer my proposal for a night out"
"When you see it.....try not to throw up."
"Hardcore"
"Gangster as fuck"
"Thug Life"
"My mom today..."
"How I picture people begging for Karma"
"After losing five games of Guess Who to my 8 year old daughter"
"Guys find it difficult"
"Trying to walk after eating an edible (XPost)"
"Just WTF"
"uhhhhh what?"
"Wiggle Wiggle"
"Also  check the hover-hand."
"Stunning"
"Kermit and Vincent. Happy Halloween!!"
"I love animals"
"The Death Star Conspiracy"
"Laughed harder then I should have"
"OH CHRIST  MY TEETH"
"Siri  what is the meaning of life?"
"Siri: The Crazy Cat Lady from Apple."
"Thanks Siri!"
"Why couldn't you just finish the stupid riddle  Siri?"
"Oh  Siri."
"What happened when I tried 'Oppa Gangham Style' on Siri"
"That's my point  Siri..."
"I think Siri is getting tired of our shit"
"God dammit Siri I said don't talk to me like that!"
"Oh Siri  you just get me."
"Siri: not always helpful"
"The original Good Guy Greg and Scumbag Steve"
"Because Teddy Has BALLS!"
"Better Historically Hardcore... Teddy FTW"
"Historically Hardcore: Teddy"
"Whenever a lot of people agree with me on reddit"
"Amazing 3D Pacman Chalk Art"
"Who the man?"
"Leonardo Dicaprio's face when he didn't win the Golden Globe"
"Meanwhile in Australia"
"Give Dog a Beer"
"They told me I could become anything  so I becameOH GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE?!"
"General Anton Dostler is tied to a stake before his execution by a firing squad in a stockade in Aversa  Italy. The General  Commander of the 75th Army Corps  was sentenced to death for having ordered the shooting of 15 unarmed American prisoners of war  1945 [1247px × 817]"
"NO."
"Go away  I'm busy. (x-post from r/funny)"
"I'm glad WTF is getting back to its roots because I have no other reason to have this picture saved"
"Oh Japan..."
"My bad... Bitch"
"I Love Biology Nerd Jokes"
"Fuck the police!"
"The perfect headline."
"We have a new superhero!!!"
"When your name is not exactly helping you"
"When I think I have a good post  but reddit downvotes it to oblivion."
"Reading all the mean comments on my cakeday posts"
"This is a picture of &quot;The Rock&quot; riding Splash Mountain"
"Something told me I had to buy the photo this time."
"YOU'RE A MAN"
"11/10 story from /b/"
"These two are almost too cute."
"How i looked when my friend said Skrillex was more talented than Mozart."
"So I'm watching Jesus Camp for the first time."
"When I see my ex with a new guy"
"Baaa dadadump"
"When some one tells me we have a test today."
"When you see your friend walking down the hall."
"Cupcake?"
"Seems legit"
"Building penetrated by an expressway."
"she's sick off all the puppy reddit love"
"A ring for Chuck"
"I Don't know how i found this"
"DJ Whiskers"
"DJ Whiskers. [x-post r/gifs]"
"How I feel listening to techno on my new headphones"
"For my cake day  have my favorite cat gif ever!"
"Today is my birthday. and this is my attitude at work."
"When one of my posts is ridiculed into oblivion."
"All the colors!!"
"The Hymenbuster"
"Where!"
".....to protect against unwanted access."
"Smashing !!!"
"Smashing!"
"MFW I'm Jaqen H'ghar"
"What I think about having a three-day work week"
"When someone online lives in my area"
"So maybe she won't"
"Maybe She Wheel"
"Drake"
"Behold  the most useless invention ever created..."
"Why?!"
"Fire tornado. Source: ntnews.com.au"
"What?"
"O_O"
"never gets old"
"Err..."
"Tan lines from typical Summer activities."
"Tickle tickle"
"the best side of the moon"
"Everyday..."
"DOOMBA 2.0"
"Meanwhile eggs in Japan..."
"Sunny days in Texas..."
"Possibly the best pitch Barry Zito has thrown in his career"
"What it's like trying to throw something in a dream:"
"A couple weeks late  but I think this belongs here."
"my favorite snack as a kid..."
"Why Satan is more powerful than God.."
"Fuck 9/11 war mongering. Here's a field of flowers."
"Stunning Flower Field"
"In retrospect  glue was a poor choice"
"An Owl in Flight. That is all."
"C O M P R E S S I O N"
"The Other Hole"
"I wish you died"
"How I feel about every test."
"The art of trolling..."
"We can all agree on this one. It really annoys the shit out of me."
"Also an accurate description of Tumblr"
"My reaction while going through Facebook....."
"Hold Me Back"
"Hold Me Back!"
"Flowers"
"Flowers"
"True words indeed"
"First century problems"
"And we will never stop hearing about it."
"This just... fits."
"My hands after a day of spreading concrete."
"After viewing the Emma Watson leaked sex tape"
"He still has a lot to do up there..."
"Steve Jobs new job begins."
"Moses  Meet Steve."
"I just can't help it"
"Batman Jesus"
"Holy batman!"
"Finding a fountain in the jungle"
"Nigga stole my yoshi!"
"This needs to be here.. too damn cute"
"Three ferrets in a cup!"
"Baby Grilling Station"
"Baby Grilling Station"
"So this is where all these pregnant teenagers are getting influence"
"Let's send one to Mtv..."
"Best friends."
"4chan and 9gag's relationship."
"'The Talk' using pens"
"Wordplay!"
"Best dog costume ever!"
"My dog's Chia Pet cosplay"
"I heard you like growing animals. It doesn't end as you expect sometimes."
"What it feels like to be in a relationship"
"How i feel trying to post on reddit."
"You want some of this  Batman?"
"Watching the Man of Steel trailer shown before The Dark Knight Rises"
"There always that one friend does this Every... fukin... time."
"How I feel when someone looks at the monitor while I'm working."
"So that's what happened"
"How I reacted when i got 6 upvotes"
"Me and my housemate just found out we get to keep the kitten we've been looking after for the past week..."
"Whenever I would stay the night at someone's house as a child"
"Doesn't matter."
"Doesn't Matter..."
"Had sex."
"doesn't matter [fixed]"
"pro-life fanatics have gone too far with their propaganda."
"Seagull don't give a shit."
"Sea gulls don't play by the rules."
"Tits and pussy"
"When I realize I've made a typo after hitting submit.."
"Ice-t and Ice-cube"
"The best way to refresh on a hot summer day"
"DAE love cat hair?"
"Horton Feels A Feel"
"Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012"
"Damn he's cool"
"Damn he's cool"
"He takes what he wants"
"Why you should get an orangutan"
"4chan's guide to having a bitchin time with your orangutan"
"Orangutans"
"the waiting game.."
"How I feel with only 15 minutes of work left on a Friday"
"they see me rollin"
"Geirangerfjord  Norway."
"Tomb of The Unknown Soldier during Hurricane Sandy. Respect."
"The movie Cars.. In real life"
"What I think when I see reposts."
"Someone showing me something on the internet after being a redditor"
"How i feel after bein a redditor for 10 months"
"Whenever my dad tries to show me something funny on the Internet."
"How I feel when my newly introduced friends of Reddit try to show me something on Reddit."
"When I think about reddit's reaction to any cakeday post I submit  this comes to mind..."
"Not sure if its fry.. or I'm really drunk"
"Fttt"
"Check out my new invention!"
"This guy just gets us"
"Bill Murray  &quot;growing&quot; finer with age."
"I'd see it.."
"Saw this picture in /r/firstworldanarchist and this is all I could think of the sunflower saying."
"whateva whateva (x-post from /r/southpark)"
"Whoo whoo whoo whoo!!"
"Make it happen!"
"Somewhere along the line  something went very  very wrong with this Kickstarter thing"
"Somewhere along the line  something went very  very wrong with this Kickstarter thing"
"Remember  females are oppressed in this male dominated society!"
"The real reason i have a problem with kickstarter"
"Why my money is going to a different Kickstarter"
"I'm struggling with this .. People of Reddit  do you find this hot or disgusting?"
"Why can't I live here?"
"When a best friend calls my name from across the hall"
"Mario Kart  real life edition."
"Remember kids: always check your recliners for ferrets."
"I giggled for a while after coming across this"
"My response to these people and their pizza boxes"
"Is it wrong that I laughed?"
"Perspective."
"Baby Pygmy Hippo"
"Classic Ron Swanson"
"bad kid"
"Spongebob?!"
"So I typed &quot;So I typed into Google&quot; into Google"
"So I typed &quot;So I typed into Google&quot; into Google"
"When I'm white and my favorite rap song comes on [FIXED]"
"How I have not seen this done before I do not know..."
"Spongebob Got Swag"
"How I feel right now when its 4am."
"baby elephant seal on a South Georgia beach"
"Baby elephant seal on a South Georgia beach"
"Whenever I attempt making the front page"
"I bet you never noticed this."
"Whiskey Baby"
"You think you've seen it all..."
"Bad Luck Brian works the night shift"
"Bad Luck Brian and surgery."
"Bad Luck Brian gets new home"
"Bad luck.."
"my wife and I watched zeitgeist. then after 10 minutes -"
"Tim Berners-Lee's job title"
"Generally my response to new posts on r/funny."
"This is why the rest of the world looks down on us."
"Yep. I know that feeling well."
"Yep. I know that feeling well."
"Happens to me every time..."
"How Reddit sees me when I say I prefer dogs."
"My ex just changed her relationship status to in relationship"
"My face when my friends make plans without inviting me"
"How I felt after two months on reddit  posting nearly every day when I saw my link karma change from 1 to 2 for the first time."
"When my post gets downvoted."
"When you take your clothes out of the dryer and they aren't dry"
"How I felt when the girl that I thought I could settle down with broke up with me."
"116 days and counting"
"When I finally solved the Rubik's Cube..."
"The Original Planker"
"Snoopy"
"Psychological Torture - Frog Dad"
"Dude  nah. Nah dude. (Seemingly NSFW)"
"Iguazu Waterfalls in Northern Argentina."
"Waterfall Island  Paraguay. [xpost from r/trees]"
"Always makes me smile!"
"Reddit Vs. The rest of the Internet"
"Scholar Gangsters"
"Straight off the camera"
"Make me a woman"
"No wonder Pugs aren't that great looking sometimes."
"Pug Factory"
"Pug Factory"
"This is how I imagine Christians view r/atheism..."
"Today  we shall feast upon his resurrected flesh..."
"The Doctor Who Drinking Game"
"Watching load screens"
"How I feel right now with a full blown sinus infection."
"What it feels like getting to make the 1000th upvote.."
"Namaste"
"We all did some pretty shady things for these..."
"HIFW I'm on keto diet eating celery watching my family eat Sunday dinner."
"fuck  now I want to try meth."
"Meth  at least once."
"Bake A Cake"
"Pac-Man IRL"
"Siberian children living in one of the coldest places on Earth receiving UV treatment due to lack of sunlight"
"Siberian children living in one of the coldest places on Earth receiving UV treatment due to lack of sunlight [Mark P Wexler]"
"Oh Nigel...."
"Blarghargharharghar"
"Awesome house"
"The Perfect Staircase"
"Ermahgerd Tricky"
"Icecream Sandwiches"
"I think they're friends"
"How I feel posting on Google+"
"After 14 hours on Reddit  a realization"
"My reaction to all the *priceless* Friendzone posts on reddit."
"my favorite gameboy ad!"
"When people announce they're gay on Reddit"
"How i feel when people complain about the word &quot;Swag&quot;"
"DOOMBA The Next Generation"
"I missed my cake day and..."
"Opening reddit and seeing my comment karma has doubled  along with 25 new messages [fixed]"
"Still relevant for this halloween"
"How I feel in Arizona with all these 'at light saving' posts (xpost /r/gifs"
"Just a normal  happy family... oh wait  wtf?"
"Oh  just a family pho... WTF?!"
"A happy family of 7."
"Worst snack related feeling in the world."
"I know who deserves my worship..."
"You're christian? Well I'm Autobot-ian."
"Optimus Prime vs Jesus"
"The ever-offensive minding our own business."
"Don't worry I got your neck bro!"
"kevin  please don't die..."
"Every day."
"So adorable!"
"If I fits I sits"
"Meanwhile in London (obvious xpost from r/WTF)"
"Religion is like a penis..."
"Religion is like a penis..."
"Another winner courtesy of StumbleUpon. Hopefully not a re-post."
"Like a penis."
"Religion is like a penis"
"&quot;Where's Daddy?&quot;"
"What do you think of me and my girlfriend's gaming rigs? [Fixed]"
"The only reason I watch Food Network."
"Great street art"
"Why I can't get Karma in r/aww"
"I was told /r/aww wouldn't like this  I think you will  you decide."
"Story of my life."
"The picture has caused a chain reaction."
"I've always wondered..."
"Manhattan Bridge construction"
"Can anybody explain this?"
"He gets laid everyday..."
"fourth page of Gonewild (sfw)."
"Every time my boyfriend tries to have sexy time with me."
"Me too..."
"Violent Panda"
"What I'm like when someone makes a stupid comment and gets down voted  then deletes their comment."
"Extremely Angry Panda"
"Well I don't see how this is much different from human creationism..."
"Shaq does it best"
"There's hope for change."
"$49.99"
"The day I became a gamer."
"By far THE best educational game"
"how reddit responds to all of my posts"
"Are you in good hands?"
"Shake  Shake  Shake"
"Make me a sandwich? Bun in the Oven? I don't know what to say..."
"Don't fuck with Liam Neeson"
"Liam Neeson  why would you mess with him?"
"Little Buddies"
"Whale Shark  Gulf of Tadjoura"
"I don't know where to begin"
"Googled &quot;W T F&quot;  was not disappointed [NSFW]"
"Row in Peace Gramps"
"The best part of Spaceballs"
"Socially awkward penguin being  you guessed it  socially awkward."
"Poor Poor Batman"
"The ordinary adventures of batman"
"Batman loves Honey Nut Cheerios. Well  at least he used to."
"Like Plitvice lakes? Here it is during winter."
"Oh imgur - random  you have yet to disappoint me..."
"Googled &quot;what is reddit&quot; [FIXED]"
"Zebra VS Girl"
"Oh  You're hungry? (Maybe NSFW)"
"AMERICA"
"what the hell [NSWF]"
"Shut your mouth before I fuck it [NSFW]"
"Is that fish?"
"How I feel right now with swimmers ear. AHHHHHH!!!!!"
"MFW when I finally understand something complex"
"This is terrifying"
"Interesting..."
"Just two people rolling down a hill"
"We all wished we were John Smith during this scene"
"Hey Jude Flow Chart (x-post from /r/music)"
"In brightest day  in blackest night  No evil shall escape my sight Let those who worship evil's might  Beware my power.... I'm the god-damn Batman."
"BatMantern?"
"80's cat."
"Global violence"
"My body is ready"
"This is the proper way to play Skyrim"
"I'm really starting to like these gems found in Street View"
"Very tempting"
"T-Rex hates push ups"
"Poor T-rex."
"What the FUCK is this?!"
"Nope"
"The Nope bug"
"I made it to the front page for the first time today"
"How I feel in class when i finish my work before the person next to me."
"How I feel when I win an argument with my girlfriend (gif)"
"Cheaper gas? You got my vote!"
"Bear Poo"
"Is It Just Me?"
"Saw this on my news feed"
"What I imagine every person who makes a [Fixed] post looks like. [Fixed]"
"African MacBook"
"Jamaican MacBook Pro"
"The New Macbook - or close enough."
"Close Enough."
"Apple iMac really taking off in Africa."
"Cunning advertisement..."
"Advertising:You're doing it right"
"Also  let's Go into the quary and throw things down there man."
"The sooner you advertise here  the better! (X-Post /r/AdPorn)"
"don't worry. i got you."
"&quot;Negro boys on Easter morning  1941  Southside Chicago&quot; by Russell Lee"
"Black youth on the southside of Chicago  1941"
"This is the only pic that can make me smile no matter what. Saved from Myspace over 5 years ago  and the only thing I remember about the guy is that his name is Sal. Thank you  Sal."
"Keeping It Gangsta"
"Can these times come back?"
"What I think of Snooki having her first child  Lorenzo Dominic LaValle."
"Derpy pirate cat"
"Dolphin Punch"
"Timing is everything [gif]"
"Boop!"
"When you're sure you've had enough"
"possibly the saddest moment of my childhood"
"Googled photobomb. Was not disappointed."
"How I feel when my girlfriend keeps teasing me"
"Don't mess with the rabbit"
"That's enough."
"That'll do  human."
"So I Google image searched &quot;Dumb Shit&quot; NSFL"
"Mystery Solved"
"2 A.M. Chili."
"Troll God"
"It ALL makes sense now"
"It ALL makes sense now (xpost from r/funny)"
"This was the &quot;Amnesia&quot; of my time as a kid."
"When I have grandchildren"
"Whenever the internet goes down... (Fixed)"
"Tardis Rave"
"Law of the Wild."
"I have no idea what this is or where it's from  but I've been staring at it for far too long"
"Regular Show With Snoop Dogg [FIXED]"
"Neglected as a child"
"Chrome Lambo"
"Amazing snap of a dolphin in the wild from Newquay  U.K"
"Doesn't matter what I'm holdin'"
"Clint Eastwood holding an armadillo"
"Clint Eastwood holding an armadillo."
"I want 12 inches"
"That wasn't clever  was it?"
"There goes my 1% plug"
"CuntCakes."
"My girlfriend thought these vagina cupcakes were funny...They are a horror."
"Um thanks  they look delicious"
"Yea ill take a cup... what?"
"Before the iPod  I thought these were the future."
"Alex Honnold climbing Half Dome with no ropes."
"Damn white people..."
"Frustrated queen"
"My face when I find a dick in a box."
"Was it you?"
"Ask Reddit anyone"
"Microsoft Wurd"
"Fuck the Lakers!"
"Holyshit its my second cake day!"
"Disgusting"
"take that asshole!"
"5 second rule"
"The five second rule"
"Friend posted this one facebook; I thought it deserved better."
"Kitties in tiny beds"
"Music: Then and Now"
"The end result of browsing r/katyperry lately"
"End of No Fap September you say..?"
"I love how disney draws their eyes so beautifully..."
"What beautiful eyes"
"The battle between a pussy and a cock"
"My luck with the ladies."
"I can't help but laugh..."
"texting while driving"
"Ravioli"
"Not sure if this has been done  but it's all I think about when someone mentions 50 Shades of Grey"
"It's amazing how a girl can change in 8 years..."
"And that  son  is how we get our couches. (x-post from r/WTF)"
"What Jersey can do to a girl [fixed]"
"hey reddit  if spiders looked like this would you be more merciful?"
"Pencil Vs Camera"
"Camouflaged Kitty"
"There's a reason cats are good hunters.."
"How I feel every morning..."
"Photobomb level: novice"
"When Bob Ross adds something new to the painting"
"The Shawshank Omelet"
"The Shawshank Omelete [gif]"
"This is me contributing. This is me contributing."
"Smashing!"
"smashing tits"
"i really couldn't think of a title for this .."
"Oh god! What have I created???"
"Words cannot describe what I just watched"
"can someone please explain? [nsfl]"
"Its a good thing i dont like ladders."
"10 feet"
"10 feet."
"Rare Iridescent Cloud"
"Reminded me of foxnews for some reason."
"One chair just isn't enough"
"Allright!"
"The many identities of Johnny Depp"
"A Caucasian Ovcharka puppy  a dog used to HUNT THESE..."
"Come at me bro..."
"Grizzly Bear Cubs Boxing"
"Karate Cub!"
"My favorite &quot;Office&quot; scene ever"
"Auction (X-Post from /r/funny"
"fun with the super-moon"
"My first post"
"Magic beard"
"It's a quick road to homelessness"
"It's a quick road to homelessness"
"Bieber is apparently filing a lawsuit against Reddit. (not sure if repost)"
"The Justice System is corrupt"
"And we always get the blame !"
"Damnit 4chan!"
"one of the best  most under-rated game for gamecube"
"Please tell me I'm not the only one who used to play this game and enjoyed it"
"YAY  SCIENCE"
"A three dimensional image of a... wha?"
"Ant about to do his Jesus thing"
"How I feel once I get to page 5 or 6 of WTF."
"When my girlfriend says she's never seen any Matrix movie."
"Moms will always be there. A very happy Mother's Day from r/aww"
"4 Chan's guide to meeting the girl of your dreams..."
"# 1 Mexican Restaurant !"
"#1 Mexican Restaurant...authentic?"
"MFW I'm the only kid in the class that doesn't raise their hand when asked &quot;Who's religious?&quot;"
"Hipster Hitler"
"Tron + Toy Story = I want this as a Poster in my Office! {source: Wallbase}"
"The Subway  Zion National Park  Utah"
"Every Saturday morning..."
"Every. Single. Morning."
"Use the door!"
"What's a door?"
"This is how I imagine most Redditors spend their evening"
"Sometimes I think almost half of reddit is like this."
"This came up on my facebook feed"
"Everytime i get an upvote"
"How it feels when i get an up-vote."
"Painfully funny"
"how i feel when listening to music in bed at a [6]"
"Someone explain me this"
"Would you like chips with that?"
"Scumbag Pockets"
"Every damn time..."
"NO  there's Waldo."
"When I saw the AJAJAJAJ  and tried ZJZJZJZJ instead (with Reddit Enhancement Suite)"
"My favorite downvote gif."
"Quantum Shitting"
"A different angle on Obama being lifted. The facial expression of the guy on the right is priceless."
"I choose you"
"I'm comin' bro"
"Just A Baby Centipede"
"How it felt after permanently deleting my 50 GB porn folder."
"Disco In the sky."
"Beans."
"Beans. [x-post from r/funny]"
"Beans  motherfucker."
"The Black Knight Rises"
"Slow down you Madman!"
"It's always good to have a shark as your right arm"
"It's always good to have a shark as your left arm"
"An X-ray of a recently discovered fresh water stingray from the Amazon... sweet.."
"excuse me?"
"Found this just lurking in my photos."
"Well that was fast"
"I can hear my neighbors having sex"
"Who is more distracted  this guy playing his saxophone while driving  or me taking a photo of the guy playing the saxophone while driving  while driving?"
"He wasn't miming after all"
"Well I Bet He's The Legit Guy"
"Damn mimes"
"Mimes"
"Best Lord of the Rings GIF. Ive ever seen."
"How Boromir would've done things."
"How Lord of the Rings should have went."
"A catapult"
"Catapult"
"90's Kids Will Remember This... I Hope"
"As a kid  this was a great introduction to the classics."
"Could you imagine falling into this?"
"This picture wants to make me die inside. Enjoy."
"Kill. It. With. Fire."
"A whole lot of nope."
"Balls...balls all the way..."
"Reddit  honey  I left my purse in the car. Would you mind grabbing it for me?"
"This is what happens when you park your car in Australia..."
"Ah  The Sweet Taste of Victory"
"HIFW I shotgun a beer"
"Welcome to the English language  asshole."
"Welcome to English"
"scum bag english"
"Welcome To The English Language."
"The human imagination is infinite !"
"How redditors feel when seeing other sites."
"fatty makes a mess"
"what is a vowel"
"Please tell me that this is some kind of joke  and that these people are not a sampling of the emerging intelligence!"
"Faith in Humanity Lost..."
"How I feel  knowing I have to work tomorrow"
"Deflated"
"Deflated"
"Tastes good"
"smushed pug face"
"I'm melting!"
"How I feel living in Phoenix when it's 105 degrees and 30 percent humidity"
"this is cute in a way"
"1 Year on Reddit already?"
"R-money"
"Presidential Mitt Romney"
"This is the last time we try"
"Oww My Childhood"
"Oh god. My childhood..."
"Not sure if this has been posted before but I couldn't help myself."
"It Ain't Easy Bein' Cheesy"
"yummy...cheese..good."
"Obese woman eating cheese in public."
"This woman sure loves cheese.."
"If you remember this  you're awesome."
"I had always been fascinated with this show. Not sure why.."
"F**K da POLICE!"
"Shoulda got a cat"
"Redditor shits on his laptop and blames an innocent dog to appeal to reddit's cat fetish. All for that elitist kitty kat karma."
"Shoulda got a cat (x-post /r/wtf)"
"Mind=Blown"
"Continental awesome"
"Tectonisaurus Rex"
"12 Years and THQ is still unable to surpass their wrestling masterpiece."
"The 4chan-reaction to new people."
"Fuck you Jesus get your own heroin"
"If this is true  Jesus owes me about seven-hundred thousand dollars."
"I typed into Google images Nick cage corndog and i saw this..."
"Fuck off Jesus Get your own heroin"
"Fucking Printers"
"My printers an asshole."
"Fuck you  printer"
"How to (actually) Envision 36 000 feet below sea level"
"Something wicked this way comes"
"Friends"
"An Unconventional Friendship"
"Whenever I get the &quot;That link has already been submitted&quot; message"
"I forgot to plan for my cakeday... shit shit shit shit"
"Vinegar Strokes"
"Beaker over Baghdad"
"When I accidentally touched my eye after handling jalapenos"
"I am on Facebook every day  every week  every year  all the time. This is how I imagine my friends when I go offline for 5 days next weekend."
"party bear"
"TGIF Bear"
"You can GIF with this  or you can GIF with that"
"Christmas derp... hurrrrrrrr"
"So I was on Facebook today when..."
"What's happening here....?"
"I don't even... Why are they... Is that guy saluting..."
"The “WTF” Dog"
"The dog's name is Dick."
"So there was this wiener dog...."
"His name is Dick"
"How I reacted when I found out about the upcoming Arrested Development season and movie"
"How I feel whenever I see a crybaby post about being &quot;afraid to post to reddit&quot;"
"After me and my brother make a joke at the expense of my dad"
"They cancelled Jersey Shore!"
"Should you laugh at this or..."
"A really close call."
"go go gadget glove"
"Not a single fuck was given"
"What am I seeing?"
"Today my phone reminded me about the heatwave."
"If my phone will not work in the heat  I shouldn't either."
"When I try to make it to the front page"
"The cat charmer"
"What is this animal and where do I get one?"
"Least Weasel"
"The chillest of the chill."
"My favorite 'deal with it' gif's"
"Oh yeah..."
"Oh yeah..."
"Smiling Suzuki Airi reminds me of my favorite sloth"
"Me after startling somebody on purpose"
"Found this old gifsound and immediately thought of you guys"
"MFW My brother found out I was wearing his underwear"
"My favorite gif of all time."
"Just spent the whole weekend in my pajamas"
"My sympathy for Hurricane Sandy having grown up in FL.."
"Still one of my favorite images on the Internet"
"Stephen Colbert's senior yearbook page"
"Stephen Colbert's Highschool Senior Page"
"Not the Tyrone America needed but the Tyrone America deserves"
"being a basketball coach all summer"
"The Grass Is Always Greener On The Other Side"
"Now that I'm finally in a relationship"
"Niki Minaj back in the day."
"I present to you  Nicki Minaj young and without botox!"
"On the first day of school"
"Ninja's great with knives  terrible with watches"
"Opposite Day!"
"Hey Spongebob  guess what day it is!"
"Opposite day"
"Troll level: turtle"
"Got this in an email today. Couldn't help but laugh."
"&quot;Fuck&quot;"
"First one home wins"
"What actually happened between the tortoise and the hare"
"Smart-ass Chinese student."
"homework"
"Getting a new task at work 5 minutes before quitting time."
"Whenever I get downvotes"
"I'm new to Reddit and I can't buy an upvote. This is how I feel."
"MFW my ex-girlfriend of less than a month is in a relationship on facebook."
"Bobcat kitten and fawn"
"Oh god  so cute"
"Awwwwwww yeeeeeeee muffin"
"Yeah muffins."
"A definite re-post  but my favorite comic of all-time [6]"
"So I logged on to Google+ today..."
"This is the Columbus  Ohio family that just had the sixtuplets  this picture is priceless!"
"This showed up on my timeline as &quot;like if you aren't racist.&quot;"
"Complicated instructions"
"How?????"
"YouTube comments struck gold again"
"wut?!?!!11 Some sort of WTF-show?"
"Words cannot describe (slightly NSFW)"
"How are you not just eating those people behind you?"
"Me being not a big movie guy seeing my friends' statuses about actors at the Oscars"
"Is this the cutest thing ever  or what?"
"Bacon anyone?"
"What I imagine some redditor's look like... [nsfw]"
"The Reddit Chair"
"my favorite faceswap."
"Roe roe roe your boat..."
"Wow"
"A glance into the future of airports (2400x1350)"
"Why?"
"IRL Clifford"
"I see your big dog photos  I present you the Black Clifford   a dog used to hunt elephants."
"clifford the big black motherfucker."
"Forget Mr. Dink or Feeny  this was MY favorite 90's neighbor..."
"Brilliant"
"Absolutely Brilliant!"
"I miss the cold though!"
"The United States of good beer"
"Was going through some old pictures on my laptop  and found this... Semi-NSFW"
"Not everyone on /b/ is so bad"
"Oh my god  I just peed a little."
"BananaMan - Japanese Style"
"Gave that bitch some bananas.. bitches love bananas"
"Crazy... banana... face?"
"1 000 000 Readers congrats here's something that has always made me laugh"
"Banana Man"
"Japan makes me want to buy bananas"
"I don't even know"
"So much WTF"
"Banana Man saves the day!"
"Banana man"
"Asian banana"
"It's apparently my cake day! Having never noticed before  lets see what this is all about."
"...i dont know how to title this"
"This shit is bananas."
"Meanwhile  in Asia..."
"Banana for scale"
"just some pizza"
"What graduating college feels like."
"No photoshop! Snake bus to advertise zoo!"
"it may be crappy but she sure does look happy!"
"Heath Ledger skateboarding over Christian Bale while taking a break on set."
"Heath Ledger as Joker skateboards over Batman while taking a break during filming"
"Joker gets the jump on Batman"
"Ledger kickflips over Bale. My life is complete."
"Oh snap!"
"Can I have karma too?"
"Best Way To Save Your Children"
"Best way to stop your child from becoming an atheist?"
"Only when you're an astronaut can a self portrait look this good."
"This is one of the most amazing photos I have ever seen"
"Sun  Earth  ISS  and one amazing picture."
"Reflection in an astronauts helmet."
"How I feel about the new Katy Perry movie"
"That Subway mascot is getting out of control"
"How I felt the last day of school before spring break."
"My attitude towards Reddit after submitting and getting downvoted."
"How I Feel On the Last Day of School"
"How i feel after i didn't get a single vote for my cake-day post"
"Ridiculously photogenic young Joseph Stalin"
"The truth - rather long story  wait for it"
"My cat's a dick..."
"Do you know who that is?"
"Nope."
"All aboard the kitten sleeping train!"
"Sleeping Train"
"More like the karmatrain to karmaville"
"Water drop is super slow motion... mind blown"
"Party Christ"
"The best comeback in history. [FIXED]"
"Catholicism Wow!"
"Hes such a flake...."
"Only the coolest Myst players."
"Bitch mittens"
"Overly manly man..."
"Bitch mittens"
"Excuse me sir  do your boots meet regulations?"
"Overly manly man  bandaid."
"Bitch Stickers"
"What I hear every time someone tells me about their cold."
"I fuck islands"
"Grandpa said this while playing pool"
"Escher's relativity in Legos"
"Is this how french fries are made?"
"How french fries are made"
"So that's how fries are made"
"George Washington  Zombie Hunter"
"Poor T-Rex"
"Finally!"
"I got a big head and little arms..."
"Someday."
"Karma Cannot be denied"
"Neandertallica"
"Where did you two meet?"
"How we met."
"Beautiful Sunset"
"Still one of my favorite pictures. Full of beauty"
"Loki has no idea the power he has been given."
"Loki Has No Idea What He Has Been Given."
"What I texted my ex after she said she missed me"
"Where can I buy several thousand boxes of these?"
"A knuckle sandwich will never be the same"
"Think of the potential!"
"Bread Gloves!"
"I lost my fuck."
"Maybe it's just me  but this is how the whole shitty_watercolor thing has been for me."
"When a friend gets to the frontpage"
"the newest happy couple.."
"I knew"
"Haters gonna hate"
"When you're getting awesome head."
"kitties &amp; ass (nsfw?)"
"anyone have a source/more info on this?"
"Why I cant lose weight..."
"Fat Problems"
"Fat Problems - Imgur"
"How I felt after being a day late to UK/USA reddit battle"
"How I feel as a New Zealander at an AFL game."
"My first thought when I woke up this morning and found out everyone was mad at Papa John's."
"What I'll be doing with all this karma from my last submission [OC]"
"This describes how i feel when i get lots of karma very accurately."
"How I feel getting upvotes for a repost"
"How I feel getting upvotes for a repost"
"MFW people keep talking about this hurricane."
"How I feel about this Hurricane as someone living in Philadelphia (Pineapple Express)"
"All I think of with this storm coming.."
"How I Feel About Hurricane Sandy"
"Giraffes are heartless creatures"
"Mmmyess. They must die."
"This kid is really convincing..."
"Get well..."
"Get well soon"
"With no other living men in my family  this is my role model."
"so I made a Google image search for Ron Swanson"
"Epic Ron Swanson"
"Searched weird gif into google. Was not disappointed."
"ok  childhood ruined.. possibly to be nsfw (not porn tho)"
"How I felt upon discovering /ladyboners"
"Woooooaaaah"
"Recognizing someone in r/gonewild..."
"First karma? Yey ME!"
"Just a View from my Window at Le Gras"
"First photograph ever"
"The Harry Ransom Center at UT has the first picture ever taken. I give you &quot;View from the Window at Le Gras&quot; by Nicéphore Niépce"
"World's First Photograph"
"If this was me  the water would be just a little warmer in my area."
"New job. They're already pulling this crap."
"It's my cake day so....."
"So ummm  it's my cakeday..."
"I have nothing creative..."
"I missed my cake day but...."
"I was looking at Cyanide and Happiness  saw this  and thought of r/atheism"
"What happens when I try doing papercraft..."
"Just missed my first cakeday."
"How I feel after spending 5 minutes on /r/atheism"
"How i feel when I just introduced my friend to reddit and he has more karma than me"
"Whenever I see something on the front page that I'd seen or thought of before.."
"Hey my cakeday is coming up...wait what's today...Arrrghhh!"
"I did not know that."
"reddit in a nutshell"
"I found the king of Reddit."
"Bow before your king."
"At this point I'm just googling pictures of cats and posting my results."
"My golden and her new best friend"
"Anytime you're afraid a superhero movie will be horrible  just think that it cannot possibly be worse than this"
"No context needed."
"how i impress women"
"When my boyfriend is both drunk and feeling frisky"
"When I'm blackout drunk and see a hot girl"
"Can someone please tell me why this .gif even exists?"
"turn me over"
"portal clothes"
"I can't stop watching this..."
"I can't stop watching this... (xpost from funny)"
"STAR TREK"
"Watching the storm roll in."
"The end of it ..."
"Got a 72 hrs ban on Origin for posting this in private chat."
"Man uses his asshole to make chocolat milk"
"My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard NSFW"
"This guy really likes chocolate milk..."
"How to make a milkshake [gif]"
"My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard NSFW"
"Anyone need a drink?[nsfw]"
"How to make chocolate milk"
"Thinking about death as an atheist"
"I don't know how I should feel about this"
"Shhh...I finally got her to sleep"
"Can we keep him mommy?"
"Missing a cat?"
"Just a raccoon bringing back a lost kitty."
"Can we keepz the Kitty?"
"They are evolving!!"
"Don't worry buddy I'll take care of ya"
"I do beg your pardon  good human  but did you lose this?"
"I just...does any one know where...fuck it  here you go r/WTF."
"I have no words for this..."
"a few days late but dang WTF"
"You're mind better be blown"
"Most universal gif ever."
"Whenever a ridiculous coincidence happens in front of me my brain does this gif. Share your most unbelievable one so I can keep the gif going in my head."
"My reaction after learning there is no such thing as &quot;nothing&quot;"
"When you finally realize what's going on in Alan Wake American Nightmare."
"mindBLOWN"
"Mom realized the possibilities of torrents today"
"My mind when I think of the awesomeness of the Mars Rover Curiosity"
"Fantazmo's Magical Explosion Demonstration"
"Madness of 1916. [925 x 727]"
"Shell Shocked Soldier during World War I."
"Humpire."
"Mom  where do babies come from? &lt;NSFW&gt;"
"how to make babies"
"We just got a letter."
"SURPRISE MOTHAFUCKA!!!!"
"Dashing through the snow"
"Dashing through the snow"
"Dashing through the snow..."
"Great remake of a Christmas classic [FB]"
"jingle f**king bells"
"It's that season"
"Waterfall swing set"
"Waterfall swing set"
"Just An Awesome Waterfall Swing"
"still my favorite street art"
"I Googled &quot;I Googled&quot; and got this."
"Best Google cover photo ever! Bob Ross the legend."
"Today's Google Doodle has some happy little trees..."
"Today's Google Art features my favorite artist."
"Bob Ross on Google"
"Look who google is honoring today...Wouldve been 70 years old."
"Google is a bro"
"Hmm... I feel like I know this guy from somewhere..."
"a good wallpaper  if you're not afraid of flaming monkeys  ass blasting zebras  and nude chetah tits (that puke rainbows) growing from a mans chest. [illustration]"
"I'm going to put this on a billboard with some money I've recently been given."
"Double Rainbow"
"What in the absolute fuck"
"A naked man with tigers for nipples shooting rainbows at monkeys with flaming skulls riding zebras with lasers shooting from their ass."
"I FINALLY found a photo that is perfect for my timeline cover art!"
"The Internet is a silly silly place."
"the internet is a silly silly place"
"Lab Puppy in Footie Pajamas"
"I d'awed."
"Puppy Pajamas"
"Puppy Pajamas (Fixed)"
"&quot;Her new pajamas&quot;"
"Puppy in jammies"
"The best photobomb ever!!!"
"Go home  cow  you're drunk!"
"Photobomb in today's newspaper"
"OH HAI! -- cow photobombing a horse"
"The club can't even handle me right now"
"when my ex said i wasn't a good dancer"
"Hardcore Partying!!"
"Hardcore Partying!! [x-post from gifs]"
"Ohhh presents!"
"The to do list. feel free to add some."
"Only applies to baby form"
"My girlfriend's love here.."
"Good kitten!"
"They misspelled Scrabble"
"You mean scrabble"
"Please let this be fake."
"Oh dear god  i hope this isn't real..."
"My babys gonna be a gangster nigga."
"My babys gonna be a gangsta nigga..."
"For a second  I thought it was actually happening"
"This is why I get up in the morning"
"Its my real life cake day so I present you this reddit"
"We can carry this for you sir..."
"My friend posted something about his dog..."
"Grinning dog"
"faggot dog"
"Faggot Dog!"
"Still My Favorite Picture on the Internet"
"Old  but gets me every goddamn time."
"Smiledog.jpg"
"Hmm...I wonder if this goes."
"Hold on to your butts!"
"Scarier than a t-rex?"
"Why are they doing this?"
"I was going through the 'HOARD ALL THE GIFS' post  this one was just amazing."
"This has ruined Toy Story for me.."
"Well you can't get much more WTF than this"
"So this epic picture of slenderman and pedo bear showed up on my fb feed today. Clash of the titans?"
"Found this gem on Google"
"back off  bro"
"You're doing it right...?"
"Metal"
"Mission Impawsible"
"&quot;If I crawl like this they won't suspect a thing&quot;"
"Stealth Cat"
"Don't judge me  lamp!"
"don't judge me lamp"
"Andrew Garfield vs Ice Cream"
"This kid is so vogue"
"Work it."
"this is who i am!"
"he will dance to any music you put on.."
"hit it gurl"
"Caught my first ever fish today."
"Tom Hanks and the Emmy Mobile"
"And then there's Tom Hanks."
"This is a creative appoach"
"Robin laid an egg"
"A master of photoshop"
"Poor Rhinoceros"
"A rhino's view of the world."
"Point of view"
"Point of view"
"How I think I look as a vegetarian shopping for groceries"
"The Secret Life of Bunnies"
"Me on r/trees as a person that doesn't smoke"
"White people..."
"How I now feel during my church's worship service after being a Redditor for 8 months."
"When everyone gets the joke thats on the front page apart from me."
"when my friends tell me about how they have so much karma  and i don't even come close"
"I get this error all the time !"
"Thoon..."
"Hello? Is it tea you're looking for?"
"Hello"
"Do you find this majestic? I find it a bit horrifying."
"Dramatic Eagle"
"Baby platypuses."
"Platypus...Platypie...Platapeople? Who cares they are cute"
"Does r/aww approve of Baby Platypuses?"
"Genius"
"fuck everything"
"How I feel when a person that's been on reddit for three days has more karma then me."
"How I feel about most everything"
"Thursdays..."
"How I feel as someone without a PC during the Steam summer sale"
"How i felt when my mom said we might start going to church."
"How I reacted when I realized I missed my cake day by one day"
"Me during the last 15 minutes of work on my last day."
"Doing my algebra homework"
"What I feel like when I wake up for school"
"How I feel on day 2 of no fap September"
"how I feel while trying to write a paper"
"When all my posts do awful"
"When all my posts do awful"
"When my comment gets downvoted to oblivion because someone lied in a reply to my comment."
"How I feel as a sports fan in Kansas City."
"When I do a research report wrong and have to do it all over again"
"How I felt getting 6 karma today."
"Hurricane Sandy Canceled My Classes"
"How I feel starting my homework on a weekend and then realizing there's no school the next day"
"What a perfect beginning to a day."
"Obama meets Eastwood"
"I feel the tiniest bit racist for laughing  but only a little bit  because this will never not be funny."
"How to properly hold a chicken [FIXED]"
"The song and dance of my people"
"just.... just  so fresh"
"Dance of Death"
"Coming home from college to a fully stocked fridge"
"Chicken Head"
"some damn good chicken"
"I laughed at this a little too hard."
"I'm so hungry I could eat a..."
"Still makes me crack up."
"Best letter opener ever"
"Hey reddit check out this rabbit opening a letter"
"I don't even .."
"Honey Boo Boo makes you question your own being."
"Would you like some fries with that drive by?"
"I heard you're into haunted houses now?"
"A punk meets a monk."
"Going Where No Dog Has Gone Before"
"The nerd in me loves this. The dog in me just peed a little in fright."
"I didn't know what sub-Reddit to put this in so im just going to leave it here"
"'Merica"
"Where do you wanna go?"
"Ready or not  here I come."
"I can't figure out how to get it to work:("
"Hours of waiting  and nothing happened..."
"I stood on this for a while this morning; nothing happened"
"I stood here for a while  but nothing happened."
"Reddit  this is my favorite castle. What's yours?"
"I can't believe this exists in real life. It looks like something in an MMO.."
"What I used to look forward to for lunch at school. Best day of the week."
"SOON..."
"Soon"
"Soon.."
"soon..."
"Paranoid Seal"
"Soon..."
"Klungo's Latest Potion"
"I'll be watchin' you."
"That seal is fucked"
"Soon.."
"When my girlfriend is in the shower and I'm brushing my teeth."
"When my girlfriend is in the shower and I'm brushing my teeth."
"Paranoid Seal"
"Soon"
"Me after I watch a scary movie."
"When a bunch of people downvote my comment and someone finally upvotes it..."
"When I see a group of people from my high school"
"Aerial Shot of the Golden Gate Bridge (REPOST)"
"Came home to find myself on the front page for the first time. My exact reaction."
"Quantcast estimates Reddit traffic now above Digg"
"WTF Google Translate?!?"
"Sure  that seems pretty reasonable."
"Rather amusing coincidence I must say."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"Not your mouse  Your actual hand"
"There's no way this can end badly."
"Just when I think I've got a great post..."
"When a post starts off good  then dies."
"even after seeing this  I'd still try it"
"How I feel walking into the bank to cash my paycheck"
"How my no fap September is going."
"Family Pyramid"
"Some Families are Weirder than Others (NSFWish) [FIXED]"
"Family Portrait"
"Who thought this was a good idea? (Kinda-nsfw)"
"There IS such a thing as being &quot;too close&quot; to your family"
"Nothing like quality time with the family..."
"Official worst family photo. Ever."
"Today is mother's day. Only one person has remembered is also my birthday."
"How I'm celebrating my 20th birthday!"
"How it feels to not have your birthday post upvoted..."
"Elevator troll"
"Oh sweet jesus"
"Fun fact."
"Fun fact."
"Revenge  sweet demented revenge."
"Our president as a hypocrite."
"Obama smoking a joint circa 1970's"
"Obama for president"
"The artist really captured my passion"
"I have no words for this."
"I wish the world were this awesome"
"A World Like This Would Be Pretty Awesome"
"It's just one of those days."
"GUMBY SMASH!!!"
"The ball represents productivity  and Gumby is a strong indica."
"Gumby's pissed"
"How I feel when I get instantly FriendZoned."
"telling a joke to a bunch of friends when one of them says the punch line for me..."
"Everytime I find something I think is funny and try to harvest upvotes"
"GUMBY IN THE HOUSE!"
"How I handle &quot;cakeday&quot; posts."
"Whenever I see reposts in r/new..."
"What would you do?"
"4chan  you're doing it right."
"Old  but gets me every time."
"And here's a picture of Sand under a Microscope."
"How I feel about Reddit's recent man-crush on ridiculously photogenic guy"
"Browsing r/lgbt..."
"Cheering for Tyson Gay at the 100m sprint competition"
"My reaction to when my teacher puts pictures of him and his boyfriend on his desk..."
"Flirting With Death"
"Looks safe enough to me."
"Dat feel."
"Their*"
"Oh the irony"
"Just a Red Panda. Nothing to see here."
"Some people just want to watch the world burn."
"Fuck you puzzle"
"Cream?"
"My friend said this to the guy at Starbucks today..."
"How I feel when I turn in my last final"
"The feel of submitting links on my Cake Day morning."
"applle maps."
"As a New Zealander  this is how I see America right now."
"How I feel when I see all the people trading $$$ donations for karma"
"Original Trollface"
"Muscle Cat"
"&quot;I'm sexy and I know it&quot;"
"He works out."
"It's the thought that counts."
"Looks like just a flesh wound."
"Hang in there lil buddy. We're all praying for you."
"Get well soon...?"
"Popped up on my FB feed. Awesome."
"Get Well Soon"
"So this just showed up on my Facebook feed."
"Have a nice recovery."
"Ohh Virginia..."
"Did someone give it to him or was he on his way to give it to a friend?"
"thats not happening..."
"Cats love it!"
"Seriously  they'll love it."
"So I was on Stumbleupon..."
"Why the long face?"
"Dat Neck"
"Why the long face?"
"The Human Race"
"Deleting a downvoted comment"
"Just read some messages I sent back in 8th grade"
"Forget spiders  this is your new nightmare."
"Get out of here Shark  you are drunk."
"Do we have any crackers?"
"Crackalackin'"
"Do we have any crackers?"
"A lack of crackers."
"It cracked me up."
"Nobody can fool the amazing spiderman!"
"Silly Spidey  you're not a member of Mystery Inc! You don't even have a dog!"
"Mine!!!"
"Kitty Hugging Teddy Bear"
"Muh Bear"
"Hmm? Back to sleep.."
"So cute!!"
"I dare you to find a cuter picture on the internet."
"Karma Cat doesn't want to wake up"
"Kitty hugs stuffed animal before bed"
"How I feel hearing my alarm clock in the morning."
"What it feels like when a re-post does better than the original."
"I guess this is the animal world equivalent of the mean older brother."
"Survival of the fittest"
"Move Bitch (Get out the way)!"
"0 fucks"
"Me when someone gives me driving directions that are more than 3 steps"
"My first day in college"
"Salvador Dali in Paris  walking his anteater  1969. [468 x 700]"
"I was just looking for the cat with sprinkles on its face..."
"Nicolas Cage Cat"
"So. There's that."
"This mammoth knows how to live on the edge"
"Pancakes on the $5 = American Win"
"There’s a hidden stack of pancakes on the $5; your argument is invalid"
"Hangovers are dangerous"
"Piano cat"
"It's my cake day  so here's my favourite .gif"
"The grandfather of the legend"
"The grandfather of legend [FIXED]"
"So fast it's a blur"
"Honky Tonk"
"WTF did I just watch"
"Reddit in 1910s"
"This fits almost too well with this GIF."
"Now this looks like a job for me"
"Now you can carry your Ipad and look like an asshole at the same time"
"I have seen the future  and it looks ugly."
"CAT doing a POO in our garden"
"The broom isn't working"
"I thought this belonged here."
"This kid.."
"The other way around"
"regarding  ''Regarding  'There Are No Rules''"
"In the beginning was the word  and the word was &quot;Mario&quot;"
"Nuclear Explosion"
"I Google reddit typical  here is the answer !"
"One of my favorite reversed gifs"
"Skid marks"
"In case you all didn't know..."
"Oh Dexter..."
"How I feel with people still talking about no shave November when I still shave every day for work..."
"To those feeling remorse about shaving"
"When I see a post that has anything to do with Germany or Jews"
"Reddit Reloaded"
"Centipede Cat"
"im the skat cat"
"MEOWTAL KOMBAAAT"
"This cat will go crazy on you!"
"Fox in a Snowstorm"
"Eyyyyy sexy lady"
"Heyyy Sexy Lady"
"I've always wanted to swim with dolphins. I changed my mind. Photo by Anke Saidlitz."
"The London Look."
"I AM GUNNA BE SO CLASSY NOW"
"Squishy?"
"Roboss"
"&quot;Bite my fresh shiny clean metal ass&quot;"
"My Shiny Metal Dick"
"Robogangster"
"Folgers was wrong."
"Cuteness overload!"
"Hey! Whatcha doin?"
"He thought it was catnip...."
"There is a bell at the top which you have to jump to to touch  this is so awesome."
"What browsing gonewild is like"
"What browsing /r/gonewild is like"
"How I feel whenever people comment on my post."
"When I go on /r/aww"
"Thats how Benni roll"
"I like this ending better"
"Party time  excellent"
"Like I Give a Fuck"
"Cats aren't the only ones that don't give a fuck"
"Not a single fuck"
"Zero fucks given"
"Sounds like a fun trip"
"How I feel about today's job market."
"They can do it why can't I?"
"Cornbrator."
"A shop window in Manhattan's Lower East Side..."
"This is how Giants' relief pitcher Brian Wilson commutes to work."
"The Most Epic Mario GIF"
"Pretty challenging when drunk I imagine"
"Wine cellar anyone?"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Whatever Floats Your..."
"Whatever floats your..."
"Yeah  okay."
"Remember remember the fifth of November"
"Did you just look at my chest?"
"I aint even mad"
"Wait.... I don't even..."
"The jimmies rustle softly"
"Rise - there is no need to be upset"
"Being the first to loose No Fap September"
"FIXED: &quot;Is this how you make a Gifsound?&quot;"
"There really is no need to be upset"
"Thought this is appropriate for this subreddit"
"This better not be 'a thing'... Wtf."
"How is this not an infection risk?"
"Three Words"
"How everything seems living in New Orleans right now"
"The news in NE America can be summed up with this"
"What I have been able to conclude from all my Facebook feeds and news headlines."
"Most accurate Hurricane Sandy forecast yet"
"Weather update on Hurricane Sandy"
"This is all I think when I hear about Hurricane Sandy"
"This is all I think when they talk about Hurricane Sandy"
"For those of you living in the north eastern US"
"Aside from the Hurricane Sandy..."
"Every weatherman/woman on the East Coast."
"What I Imagine Youtube's Live Coverage of Hurricane Sandy looks like"
"Living on the east coast  this is what my face book  personal interactions all seem like for the past 48 hours"
"What i've learned from Facebook+Twitter the past two days."
"How I feel about hurricane Sandy.."
"Y'know man  bitches ain't shit but ho's and tricks."
"How I imagine reddit when my comment gets upvoted"
"When your friend introduces you to someone and then leaves to take a call [x-post /r/reactiongifs]"
"So my friends left me with my ex in a bar last night"
"There seem to be a lot of Christian Bale gifs  and I really enjoy them. Hit me with your best one."
"A pleasant combination  I think."
"The progression of Hurricane Sandy's velocity"
"Hurricane Sandy is getting worse."
"Progression of Hurricane Sandy(x-post from r/sandy)"
"Shells of Canada"
"Let's see what we have he.. *bang*"
"how i feel everytime i get a downvote"
"Well Shit"
"Lets not lie  who else's weekend is exactly like this?"
"And another fine weekend is over"
"my weekend so far"
"my weekend!"
"A couple of hours after I decided I would try and submit something to reddit"
"This seemed right (first)"
"liek dis if you cry every tiem"
"Oh hi"
"Sad kitty (X-POST FROM R/REPLYGIFS)"
"How I feel posting something to Reddit with a typo In the title"
"Why kitty? Why?"
"The realization I am short on cash for paying this months bills."
"The most exciting street crossing."
"Wut?"
"Tiptoe across the road."
"Drawing I did this year by writing out the words &quot;Minerva  Mcgonagall  witch&quot; a million times in ballpoint pen."
"professor mcgonagall drawing by writing &quot;Minerva  Mcgonagall  witch&quot; a million times in ballpoint pen."
"A drawing I did by writing out the words &quot;Minerva  McGonagall  witch&quot; in pen a couple of times."
"Forever alone? Problem solved."
"Whenever I hear about alternative transportation  I think about this [Fixed]"
"Spot the difference..."
"Guys  I need some help here."
"I can't tell the difference"
"I dont see any difference."
"I din't find it"
"I'm definitely doing this with my son  Travis."
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"This guy"
"what did you say to me?"
"Yeeeaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh"
"Damn he's got style..."
"How I feel when I suit up."
"Before there was Psy"
"Are you a beer?"
"Can I help?"
"gritty"
"Judgemental Gorilla"
"Why I don't look out the window at night."
"Probably why I'm hot every night"
"What happens when I tell people I'm colorblind."
"just got back from my trip to france  guys..."
"Whenever I'm at the beach"
"A brief history of The History Channel"
"And you thought your job was bad"
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post [Fixed]"
"Because it's my birthday and dammit  I'm lazy"
"Whenever I look into a new hobby."
"Felix Baumgartner moments before he jumped"
"Felix Baumgartner ready to jump."
"Stepping Out of the Capsule"
"&quot;I'm going home now&quot;"
"When my ex girlfriend got on to my train today..."
"Oh fuck skydive"
"Amazing"
"Going home"
"Felix Baumgartner spacedive .gif"
"Salut and Jump - Felix Baumgartener"
"Abandon Thread!"
"Well  here goes..."
"How I feel as a Christian posting in /r/atheism"
"lol wut"
"Found this on 4chan."
"Saw this on Facebook.. not sure what to think of it."
"Sense. This lacks any of it."
"So this is something Tumblr created.."
"Found this on my hard drive  still cant remember where I got it."
"Who thought of this?"
"My favorite picture on the internet."
"This inside joke on my Facebook wall has gotten a little out of hand"
"This confuses me every time I look at it..."
"The true meaning of WTF."
"This still makes me laugh every time I see it."
"GOATS ARE LIKE MUSHROOMS"
"I know I shouldn't post captioned images  but I didn't know where else to put this..."
"Did an image search for &quot;dafuq&quot; and this was the 11th hit"
"Operation Kinder was a success. So...:"
"A Guide to Looking Snazzy in a Suit"
"Just incase you wanted to suit-up"
"This saved my ass for an interview  everyone should know this stuff."
"How I feel reading through excited posts recently"
"How I feel about r/awww some days"
"Speed Walking... WTF?"
"Buy a Damn Case!"
"Your cat likes to sleep in your pants in the bathroom?"
"Life in a College Dorm"
"It sure seems like it"
"Spoon."
"Spoon....."
"How I felt on my 18th birthday when all I got was a cake from my family."
"Cake Days are Overrated"
"Out of fucking nowhere"
"PLAYER 3 HAS JOINED THE GAME"
"Gets me every time. [:D]"
"I don't think I fully understand what's going on here...."
"As a European  tasting American beef jerky for the first time."
"God damn I love chicken! (x-post from /r/wtf)"
"Bombs raining down on Kobe during the Second World War. [1498 × 1969]"
"Me after after a few drinks in town"
"His first Skrillex Concert"
"It was the only way"
"Scumbag Link."
"Link did the right thing"
"Girls would never blow bubbles again!"
"hehe. silly man. that bikes too small for you!"
"Hater gona hate"
"I refuse to believe this is the same man"
"Cleavage Revenge."
"I have always thought this would be fair."
"This is an outrageous double standard!"
"It goes both ways ladies."
"Poor Charlie"
"Rick Ross wearing a Rick Ross chain wearing a Rick Ross chain"
"RickRossception... Looks like we got a badass over here (x-post form r/HipHopHeads)"
"Incepchain"
"Yo dawg I heard you liked Officer Ricky (xpost r/ hiphopheads)"
"magic"
"Every time my mom asks how I fixed her computer."
"Asked my wife how she gets karma ... this was her answer..."
"Reddit may not always like OC  but when I modify a popular gif..."
"One big happy family (NSFW)"
"I wonder if they are de-clawed..."
"How I picture anyone who says they're married on reddit"
"So I googled &quot;reddit couples&quot; and this was the first image (possibly nsfw)"
"When the girlfriend's asleep  and I'm not quite ready for bed."
"What happens when someone tries to wake me up..."
"There's so many reasons I love this gif."
"Silly Kittens"
"I didn't mean to break the internet."
"Trying to wake my girlfriend up for sex during the middle of the night"
"I choose you!!!!!"
"GO! BLASTOISE!"
"A painful lesson learned"
"This popped up in my facebook feed"
"Roommate said he got a new iPhone..."
"Ok I almost die  lets take a pic for facebook"
"We can't pass up on a good picture now..."
"How to prevent cheating"
"Pretty Sweet Finishing Move (NSFW)"
"Tuck and roll (NSFW)"
"Surprise somersault pussy eating [NSFW]"
"Minecraft IRL (Litlanesfoss  Iceland)"
"Turn right  here"
"Turn right  here."
"Troll Monkey"
"GIB MONI PLOS"
"monkey VS dog"
"What is this I don't even XD"
"I wanna play come on toss me someth....HEY I AINT TALKIN TO YOU GET THE FUCK OUTTA HE....aw that tickles!..HEY MOTHERFU.."
"When my girlfriend told me she's starting birth control"
"Growing up in a city  this is me every time I visit the zoo."
"Quite possibly my favorite line from any movie."
"Tiny polar bear. X-post from r/aww"
"So tiny"
"New Born Polar Bear"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"Awww - Baby Polar Bear!"
"Winter View of the Milky Way Over Mountains [1920x1200]"
"How I expect to feel this week."
"My brother posted this on Facebook. Must. Not. Laugh."
"All Black. (x-post from AdviceAnimals)"
"Is it bad that I laughed..."
"Why is she so popular now? wtf"
"Someone I know on Facebook posted this disgustingly disrespectful photo minutes ago..."
"this made me giggle like a 7 year old"
"trying to browse reddit before bed but imgur is &quot;down for maintenance&quot;"
"How I felt when I walked in on my brother having sex (SFW)"
"I giggled."
"When someone does not say thank you after I hold the door open for them"
"Someone dropped their phone at Ikea today. I ran to give it back to them. They Gave me a smug look and kept walking..."
"The difference between a homeless and a hipster."
"Yo dawg..."
"Driving like a boss  my favorite gif"
"Simply awesome"
"Quietly brilliant."
"Money Money Money"
"Being drunk on reddit..."
"Today Was National Karma Day (true story)  So I Decided To Do This All Day When I Was On Reddit [GIF]"
"Everything to do with Curiosity right now"
"Me on reddit after my first successful post."
"...Pushing Buttons"
"How I feel whenever people reply to my post"
"When I found out the &quot;A&quot; key upvotes"
"For my cakeday! This is what I'll do for everyone in new!"
"Today is special  so I'm giving these out for free"
"/new is looking pretty damn good today."
"All I want for Christmas"
"What I'm doing to people who comment on my surprisingly active post."
"This might be one of the weirdest/creepy body painting I have ever seen"
"Dunno if much sleeping will be done after seeing this nsfw'ish"
"Every time my girlfriend tries to get me to watch Twilight"
"Daylight Savings Time and Redditors"
"every time"
"I wish this wasn't an accurate depiction of events. [FIXED]"
"Real Life Cinnabar Island!"
"Island Paradise"
"zombie proof?"
"zombie proof?"
"The Existing this place"
"Beautiful Picture. Beautiful City."
"Island view from above"
"Scumbag Stephanie"
"How I feel when I wear a jacket that doesn't have any pockets."
"The average face of women across the world"
"SOON..."
"Soon."
"My reaction to /r/beatingwomen"
"Walking into the bathroom as your roommate leaves"
"this must be how poker face started"
"When you overhear someone say evolution isn't true"
"my reaction when i read about sex."
"When suddenly you hear your ex from across the room"
"Me  finding out that Ned Stark dies in Game of Thrones."
"SHH no tears.....not tonight"
"Shit just got real."
"Bertception"
"When I realized I wasn't supposed to be fapping all month."
"I think she's a keeper [FIXED]"
"I think she's a keeper [fixed]"
"I think she's a keeper [FIXED]"
"Dat ass"
"Classy  Zach Galifianakis."
"Zach Galifianakis' finest moment"
"Hundreds of millions of poor people and the religious leaders build a temple made of gold"
"While watching a new episode of a show  and someone tries to get me to do something"
"When someone asks me something during a teamfight"
"When i'm playing  and someone asks me do something...."
"[x-post from /r/funny] How I respond to people when gaming"
"When people try to talk to me while I'm playing a video game"
"When people try to talk to me in the middle of a game"
"When I FINALLY get be intimate with my boyfriend  and a phone rings"
"Forever Alone"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY! (NSFW)"
"Happy cake day to you (NSFW)"
"A dog flipping over a ball"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"The REAL Hurricane Sandy"
"Hurricane Sandy."
"I see your quote approved in your year book  and raise you this one!"
"My friends senior quote from high school  this man really does love harpooning whales though..."
"Trying to please other people on the internet"
"Every time I try to make someone feel better on the internet"
"The best balloon animal ever"
"Best Balloon Animal Ever!"
"World's Largest Ballon Animal"
"Comes a bear in a bar..."
"Right after she ripped apart one of my pillows. (She thinks I can't see her)"
"RAAAAAAAOWWWWWWWWWRRR"
"T-Rex Diet"
"I was not expecting this  still my favorite magazine picture."
"The mailman is gonna get me! Oh it was just a dream."
"I see your Tacocat and raise you a Tequila Cat."
"This is the first thing that came to mind when I saw this picture."
"Little Pig Little Pig"
"Bow to me  for i am the superior pig"
"Is this some sort of shrine?"
"Deal with it"
"And not a single fuck is given"
"And not a single fuck is given - Imgur"
"An honest mistake"
"My worst nightmare while traveling"
"Honest mistake"
"Metal at its finest"
"Fabulous"
"Work it  girl"
"Today I was greeted with a sarcastic  &quot;Hey  nice shirt.&quot; What other option did I have?"
"You know you're embarrassed that you get this joke"
"Cosby"
"ohh math humor..."
"80's Math."
"For the Love of German Beer. And other things."
"The Best Oktoberfest Picture"
"Whenever someone submits a link hosted on photobucket..."
"My reaction to the recent wtf posts..."
"Looking at pictures of ex from a year ago"
"FALCON KNEE!"
"Captain Falcon has great reflexes"
"falcon KICK!!!"
"What's wrong with this picture? Look carefully"
"Ron Swanson"
"Don't get confused"
"Ron Swanson"
"Crazy dog [gif]"
"Dog fetches explosive..."
"Dog fetches explosive...[X-post from r/funny]"
"Weiner dog and roman candle  hilarity ensues."
"Some dogs just want to watch the world burn..."
"Mischievous Dachshund"
"It's out of this world!"
"Monty Python Galaxy Song"
"/r/GifSound  I give you...DOCTOR WHO!"
"3rd rock"
"Monty Python galaxy song [GIFSound]"
"This seemed to fit pretty well..."
"This would be a life-changing experience"
"How I feel when I see something I downvote in 'new' lands on the front page."
"How it feels after not being on Reddit for a day"
"One day  Simba  all of this will be yours!"
"Lion King"
"For 9 months I have tried to get to the front page. /r/funny  my question is:"
"When my 1 year old is still crying after I put on all the cartoons and music he loves."
"When my girlfriend checks the time during sex."
"......"
"I Don't Get It"
"What a nice picture."
"Well  this popped up in my facebook feed."
"I think this definitely belongs here (from /r/creepy)"
"I found this on facebook.. O.o (not sure if repost)"
"The origin of my name"
"Seemed like a good idea at the time..."
"How I feel when people use a post to express their failure to reach the front page and experience great success."
"End."
"This is MY favorite gif."
"I got nothing  but this made me burst out laughing"
"Nick Cage."
"When trolls try to talk to my little brother on the internet."
"That awkward moment when a shepard cock blocks you"
"In every single engineering class ..."
"Hey r/gaming  remember this?"
"Found This On 3rd Marines Website  lols were had"
"Please save me."
"Life finds a way."
"real noob"
"Deal with it."
"I could watch this for an hour and still not feel like I understand it completely."
"Zoom-mooz-zoom-mooz"
"Smashing"
"Rock  Paper  Scissors!"
"Is this the way out??"
"Me  letting in the delivery man with my new TV"
"Crazy bathroom art!"
"That's some intense shit"
"Most awesome toilet!"
"woah - ski jump restroom..."
"Bathroom skiing!"
"Who gives a shit about motorbikes with sidecars anyway?"
"Y U No Visit Anymore?"
"Seriously guys  he's lonely"
"Greatest cat picture ever? Quite possibly."
"I uhhh...this isnt good..."
"Thank god im not that kid!"
"Dominance"
"Cat in the hat"
"The cat is the hat"
"WE are so fucked...!!!!"
"I redditors worst nightmare has came true."
"What I imagine watching Colbert on LSD must be like"
"It's Stephen Colbert"
"Just found out I have a Reddit birthday"
"He is ready for the bass."
"HIFW I destroy someone's argument in one sentence"
"I think this might be my favorite gif."
"Bite the pillow..."
"hmmm..."
"Who needs a title"
"Now it's just a matter of using them in a poem"
"You know what rhymes with sloth?"
"Know what rhymes with sloth?"
"Lets not."
"Um I don't think that rhymes..."
"What theists do not seem to understand."
"Someone asked me what I thought about the Superbowl today. This sums it up. (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"So NASA's Flight Director has a Mohawk  according to r/LadyBoners that means every other picture will be the side of his head for the next week"
"Seeing all those threads about Snooki's child..."
"How i feel when people tell me Justin Bieber threw up on stage"
"My reaction to the homecoming spam on facebook"
"How I feel as a Floridian when people talk about a Category 1 hurricane (Sandy)"
"My reaction to all the posts about steam bundle sales prices"
"The NHL is coming back!"
"Found this Gem while Looking through my Pictures Library."
"Screen name taken? Dw on 20 urs time it's Gonna be something like &quot;asdghhtgh-gypsywoman12335k&quot; suckers!"
"im not sure how i feel about this other than i like it"
"Chewbacca fighting Nazis!"
"My #1 favorite picture of all time..."
"I thought r/WTF would enjoy this"
"So THAT'S how we won.."
"Googled How to Break /r/aww"
"Hi!"
"I have a collection of pictures of piles of animals  does reddit have any to add?"
"I think I'll just snuggle right here"
"Regrettable Tattoo - never drink and ink!"
"Oh Sarah..."
"Saw this on FB  had to share"
"Holy Shit! What does it mean?"
"Nature &gt; Everything else."
"Nike's new NFL pants don't leave enough to the imagination"
"Dat Ass (SFW)"
"[crosspost from nfl] new Nike NFL pants are see through! extra reason to tune into the NFL although this pic isnt the most flattering"
"Batman is watching you"
"Fuzzy"
"Chocolate Rain NSFW"
"Ummm... WTF?!"
"What the fuck  Japan."
"So Japan decided to join the spacerace [NSFW]"
"Tree on Moss on Tree on Water [pic]"
"I choose you..."
"Animorphs"
"#Obama2012"
"Not sure if repost  but I laughed my ass off."
"Epic Warning Labels on Chris Brown Albums @ HMV  UK"
"When somebody makes a joke about Australia being upside down"
"Australia has dangerous wildlife and stuff..."
"I Still Laugh at This Picture Everytime I See It."
"Best plan ever."
"How i feel when stupid reposts get on the front page"
"A jeopardised mashup"
"Too soon  even ten years later."
"Just a typical tuesday...."
"Whoah"
"thats funny i dont remember taking shrooms"
"This is not a repost."
"Best face...uh body swap? I know"
"So this popped up in my news feed..."
"You've seen faceswaps  now it's time for armswaps"
"The gold old switcharoo."
"What I imagine reddit meetups look like"
"What I imagine reddit meetups look like (fixed)"
"Reddit meetup"
"Meanwhile in America..."
"Oh...my...god"
"Everytime someone says Pluto isn't a planet  I think of this."
"That urinal is music to my ears"
"Some brony carting around a woman."
"This is why I thinks &quot;bronies&quot; are freaks [xpost r/wtf]"
"When I forget to bring my phone into the bathroom with me there is only one solution"
"This is how I party."
"This"
"Thanks for sharing  I guess..."
"Stork theory"
"99 Cookies"
"No fuckin' way!"
"How I felt the day my internet finally came back online.."
"How I imagine what most of you look like comming out of the house"
"TIL Quagmire is lefthanded."
"What I imagine I'll look like a few days into October"
"Duck. Duck. Duck. GOOSE!"
"The Original Star Wars Crew"
"MIKE!!!"
"Life is unfair sometimes..."
"dem lyfe struggles"
"Russia"
"4chan shows its support for 9GAG"
"4chan shows its support for 9gag (X-post from /r/4chan)"
"What the hell did you expect?"
"4chan shows its support for 9GAG (xpost from r/4chan)"
"Jay &amp; Silent Bob get a Prius"
"Mom helping her daughter with a dance routine."
"Harbinger"
"Isn't she a bit young?"
"What goes though my head when AM POSTING ON BRAVERYJERK"
"Cthulhu breaks it down"
"Candy (x-post from an r/askreddit comment)"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Oh  dear lord"
"A gif of a fat bitch  added with a song about a fat bitch."
"Ron Swanson x Everyone's favorite dancing mom"
"Does anyone else automatically attribute sound effects to silent gifs?"
":-O"
"Yep  I remember"
"Thanks  Jesus!"
"Im going to hell for laughing at this."
"Every new post to r/funny for next few minutes"
"What the HELL is this!?"
"How I feel about Reddit today."
"NOOOO!!!!"
"Ow! -- reddit.com"
"There's something about it that actively makes me want to spam the shit out of F5 more than I originally would."
"Screw it"
"Be what ever you want unless you can be batman then always be batman"
"WE LANDED ON MARS!!!"
"Got laid by the girl I've been chasing for 2 years."
"Who's at fault here?"
"The worst possible place to pop the trunk open"
"Friend zone level ???"
"How I feel browsing reddit lately..."
"It seriously is."
"How I feel getting on Reddit lately."
"Functioning on limited sleep"
"Browsing the frontpage today..."
"After playing Mortal Kombat 9 on Expert"
"How I feel being from Arizona during Winter"
"It's time to bring this guy back"
"Jesus Says Beat Up That Kid"
"Fuck off Jesus."
"I don't.. I can't..? what."
"Keep calm and..."
"Need this."
"Awesome t-shirt? Yes."
"My face after breaking up with my Girlfriend"
"For my cake day  I will post my favorite gif of all time here. THAT FACE."
"How it really is"
"Jesus."
"Thanks Jesus!"
"Thank You Jesus!"
"found this gem on facebook"
"De nada."
"Honestly he probably has a better chance of hearing them give thanks than any god would. Seriously."
"This is who I secretly thank when I am over at a religious persons house."
"Thanks Jesus !"
"thought this belonged here  i saw it on my newsfeed."
"Thank you for this food"
"Jesus  thank you for this food."
"I'm religious but honestly one of the funniest meme's I've ever seen (Xpost r/AdviceAnimals)"
"Jesus  thank you for this food."
"MEOWTF"
"After hours of Reddit"
"ALL HAIL HYPN......"
"Great Quote"
"What religion teaches us."
"A great infographic on different ways to tie your shoes. xposted from /r/theidealman"
"Bitches love leaves"
"Just Stop"
"Voice of Reason"
"Whenever I picture a troll..."
"I find this picture incredibly amusing."
"Banjo Frog"
"Just a turtle eating mashed potatos"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"Parallel Parking"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"Sarah Jessica Parker wedding pics!!!"
"&quot;Help  i've married a centaur!&quot;"
"This is from a few years back during some pretty severe bushfires  but it still gets me everytime"
"Not all of Australia is terrifying."
"Koala getting water during firefighting in Australia"
"Lil Wayne vs. the Mayans"
"The Mayans also predicted Lil Wayne.."
"The Mayans had it ALL figured out...."
"The Mayans predicted lil Wayne!"
"My Girlfriend said &quot;we need to talk&quot;."
"When my girlfriend says &quot;We need to talk&quot;"
"This is one cute bugger"
"Let me introduce the &quot;Poodle Moth&quot;  an inhabitant of the Venezuelan jungle."
"Meanwhile at Mojang"
"Ding ding dong"
"My face when parents are jealous of my freedom to do what i want."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Only the best &quot;Deal with it&quot; gif (props to /u/Airazz)"
"Deal With It."
"&quot;Ghost Rider 3: Greece&quot;"
"How to win a girl's heart"
"How to win girls heart"
"I bet you didn't even notice the cross"
"Bow to the master"
"I glared at the submit screen for exactly 15 minutes thinking how to name this but couldn't come up with anything..."
"Aliens."
"It's a trap!"
"It's a trap!"
"My reaction when my boss asks me to come in on the weekend"
"How I feel about these Fall/Winter posts when I'm from Austin  Texas"
"how i feel beeing downvoted"
"This is quite mesmerising"
"IT'S TOO POWERFUL!"
"Meme Miff - Hejibits"
"Cool Story  Bro"
"Walking in on your parents..."
"I don't even...."
"Vaped for the first time instant [10]"
"my favorite gif"
"I was pretty startled when I realized that this was a gif"
"Seemed like a good idea.."
"what unspeakable horror has this couple seen?"
"When I masturbate for the first time after a week long family vacation. (SFW)"
"after not seeing my gf for a month"
"What I imagine a Mormon wedding night is like."
"Waking up to find new found Karma"
"After a two week long family vacation."
"When I heard that Curiosity safely landed"
"How sex is going to be with my girlfriend after a long sexless weekend at home."
"Finally getting some &quot;alone time&quot; after a week of spending the holidays with the family"
"Dat Brow!"
"You live in Sodom or Gomorrah  and you awaken to this. Thoughts?"
"Chile's Puyehue volcano erupts  causing air traffic cancellations across South America  New Zealand  Australia and forcing over 3 000 people to evacuate."
"Cloudmageddon?"
"Blowout soon fellow Stalker! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Chile's Puyehue volcano erupts"
"Cool sand sculpture"
"Best sand castle ever?"
"cat problem"
"How did he even get up there? (xpost from /r/4chan)"
"Titty Sprinkles"
"Reflections"
"GPS tracks for pizza deliveries in Manhattan on a typical friday night"
"My 2nd Favorite GIF."
"I see your Rowling and raise you a Simmons"
"The climax to the Dark Knight Rises [SPOILERS]"
"Nolan's inspiration"
"The ending of Dark Knight Rises"
"Is it just me  or is this .GIF overused?"
"The ending to The Dark Knight Rises"
"Everytime i write an essay"
"Attempting to start writing a paper"
"Meanwhile  in Korea..."
"Style."
"I think I'll wait for the next one"
"Gangnam Style"
"Elevator Ride"
"Need a new desktop background?"
"I have but a simple request...please  someone put Nigel Thornberry's face on the guy in the green and post it in the comments. Thanks!"
"Without a doubt it's been posted before  but it's still funny."
"It fits so perfectly!"
"Party Style!"
"Nicholas cage... Deal with it."
"Best Friends"
"Best Friends..."
"Deliciously morbid"
"this made me feel bad about something that makes me feel good..."
"x-post from another sun reddit... but its just so cute"
"What would you have done?"
"To me  God will always just be that guy who..."
"Why God? Why?"
"Either way..."
"Either way..."
"The asian aging process"
"How Asians Age"
"Karma Train!"
"Awwww......They look so cutee..."
"Oh hello there! We were just talking about you....."
"fuck fuck fuck"
"Earth has got a case of the humans...."
"A bad case of 'the humans'"
"Life lessons from Legend of Zelda"
"Oh Zelda how i love thee..."
"Life Lessons"
"How reddit treats me when I submit my ideas."
"Cookie Monster Slayer"
"seems legit"
"Seems legit. (X-post r/pics)"
"How can he be the next President if he is already the mayor or Whoville?"
"Why does he need to be our president when he's already the mayor of Whoville?"
"The resemblance is uncanny"
"Man's best friend..."
"Man's best friend..."
"Rare photo of Alfred Hitchcock in front of the &quot;Psycho&quot; House"
"when two complete strangers say your name"
"It's gonna be a awesome Halloween with these two!"
"Shake that."
"Every single time. I can't stop laughing."
"Finally getting good trees after a few months of smoking mids. This is how I felt when it hit me."
"Mind Blowing Celebration"
"My reaction when I see my post on the frontpage"
"So I found this when I searched &quot;why are Asians good at math&quot;  now I know..."
"But how??"
"Pretty accurate."
"A slight diference..."
"Can't we officially rename them Naughty Korea and Nice Korea?"
"Know the difference"
"North Korea vs. South Korea"
"Kim Jong/Gangnam Style!"
"North v. South"
"know the difference."
"Redditors: riddle me the movie names  if you can...."
"Guess the movie titles."
"Scientific movie titles"
"Just Chillin At The Pool"
"Angry Otter"
"Thanks a lot  idiot!"
"Thanks a lot  idiot! (X-post from /r/Funny)"
"Saw this today  made me laugh."
"Annoyed otter is annoyed."
"MRW I'm browsing on my phone and a link goes anywhere but Imgur or YouTube"
"We need you!"
"Wikipedia gives some strange advice"
"This just became serious.."
"Vegetarians say that they won't eat anything that has a face. Is steak from this cow cool then?"
"Maybe wasn't a good idea to mix my anti-depressants  anti-anxiety  beta-blockers and whisky..."
"got milk?"
"Did someone say r/WTF needs more WTF!?"
"I found this on my brother's computer. He has an interesting taste."
"3 years ago I joined reddit  this was the first picture I saw"
"I'll just leave this here... [NSFW]"
"I type WTF in Google. This is what I get... Softies"
"THIS is what r/WTF is about."
"I Heard We're Going Back To The Roots Of r/WTF"
"milk pour"
"Is it just me  or did /r/WTF turn into /r/THIS IS WHAT R WTF SHOULD REALLY BE GUISE. What ever happened to just posting fucked up shit?"
"Googled NSFW NSFL WTF.... thanks google"
"She wants your D  bro!"
"Looking at an old /WTF folder  found this. &gt;tfw you pour milk on someone's head."
"Can someone please tell me what this is from? (Possibly NSFW)"
"This is the band Mastodon with the cast of Barney...So metal"
"Heavy Metal band Mastodon hanging out with some fans.."
"OP tries LSD"
"Hey reddit  I stumbled upon this the other day and loved it. If one of you photoshop masters could color it I would reward you with internet hugs!"
"Seems legit."
"&quot;If you've never seen an elephant ski then you've never been on acid!&quot; - Eddie Izzard"
"Apple Pro Mouse"
"How Apple tries to change the world"
"I think this belongs here..."
"My plan for 2012"
"Current state of Reddit [REPOST]"
"How to troll a repost bot."
"This pretty much sums up most of r/new"
"How I feel after spending the best part of 6 months on Reddit."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"/r/funny"
"For some reason  everytime I see the Gangnam Style video this is all I can think of..."
"How I imagine 9gaggers (xpost from r/gifs)"
"I went on 9gag for the first time  and I found out why we hate them"
"How I feel downvoting a post on the front page"
"Painful Photobomb"
"Pay Attention  or Fail."
"My response to the airing of Kim Kardashian's wedding"
"To all the &quot;Animal Armor&quot; posting guys and girls:"
"non-giants or Football fan on super bowl day"
"Every time I read my facebook news feed."
"I don't know why Reddit suddenly became obsessed with ladybug sex  but here's how I feel on the matter..."
"Why I still spell things wrong."
"How I feel when people nitpick my posts to death"
"How I feel when people post about hitting some karma milestone"
"Oh Miley Cyrus got a haircut?"
"Facebook posts"
"Every time I see that &quot;Snooki gave birth&quot; is on the front page of every news site"
"Look who I met on the weekend...who gives a shit?! [gif]"
"My reaction to Justin Bieber throwing up on stage."
"So  it seems I've been on Reddit for a year now..."
"Teach me how to Dougie."
"Was listening to this when opening a GIF MrDrProfessor posted and it worked perfectly"
"Here's a .gif  couldn't think of a witty title."
"Saw this gif in the thread on the front page. Had to add this song."
"Crazy"
"Like A Cholo"
"Sick dance moves"
"Carwash"
"A drawing that portrays my feelings about Disney being the new owner of Star Wars."
"Like father  like son"
"That's my boy"
"Like father like son"
"I get a little scared... (FB)"
"Eyeball licking. Yup..."
"How I take advantage of Steam sales."
"Steam sales in a nutshell"
"Steam Sale"
"Last night of the Steam Sale"
"A lesson in Dougie"
"When I win £2 on a scratch card[FIXED]"
"How.."
"Why space is so awesome."
"How I Felt At the Kentucky Academy of Science (KAS) Meeting"
"How i feel watching the Superbowl."
"Whenever i read a Spanish paragraph"
"Whenever I go to r/science"
"While Reading Shakespeare"
"How I feel watching NASA TV right now"
"Watching the NASA Mars landing on their stream"
"Whenever i see a competition post from r/starcraft"
"Reading through the Nuclear Scientist AMA..."
"The force applied to a dog"
"What my cat would do with The Force"
"It's my cake day. Here's my favourite gif of all time."
"The original Transformers"
"This picture always puzzled me  I bet Reddit can explain what is going on"
"I'll be watching you"
"Every Bite You Take..."
"I'll be watching you..."
"The grass is always greener."
"Stranded"
"JAWS"
"Ballerina"
"Dog on escalator  drumming"
"This just... Works"
"How I picture people who post gifs of how they picture Christians reading r/atheism posts"
"Reddit"
"Laziness level: Reddit"
"Whenever anyone makes a &quot;still a better love story than Twilight&quot; joke."
"How I feel about the overly attached girlfriend meme."
"r/atheism in a nutshell"
"Doomba version ShutTheFuckUp.0"
"the state ofr/atheism today."
"r/gifs right now with the freefall"
"Red Bull Stratos Jump"
"Peter Parker  Age 7"
"Ah  good old Japan. At least it's not tentacle porn."
"Dear reddit  who are tupac and biggie pouring a 40o on in this picture"
"Don't touch the lava!"
"I read it in his voice"
"Oh Mike!!"
"Pour it  SLUT"
"When Google+ suggest people I should be friends with."
"Went to a family reunion over the weekend. My first thoughts..."
"How I feel on Exam Day in a lecture style class."
"My first time going directly onto /r/Adviceanimals"
"Every time I look at &quot;The people you may know&quot; on Facebook"
"How I feel about some of the 'Top' artists at the Grammys"
"How I feel on Facebook on my birthday[FIXED]"
"How I feel at family reunions"
"How I feel when guys like my girlfriend's status about getting into shape"
"How I feel at my family reunion right now."
"Coming back to facebook after a year."
"Every time I get a friend request"
"When Facebook suggests friends..."
"I just looked through my Facebook newsfeed aftfor ignoring it for a long time."
"My Facebook friends"
"Meanwhile on mars..."
"So I found this on my Facebook newsfeed.."
"Something's wrong with this picture."
"Dear Fox News... No. Just... no."
"Sadly  I am not surprised"
"Post-finals..."
"I'm so excited!"
"Whenever I come back on Reddit  and something I've done has been hugely downvoted (x-post /r/communitygifs)"
"Beans"
"You'll never know the truth."
"Stuck at a club with my friends  my prevailing thought was..."
"No... No...."
"Hello is slendy here"
"No no no."
"There ya go."
"Eight-year old Make-A-Wish child Janiya Penny reacts after meeting President Barack Obama as he welcomes her family to the Oval Office."
"Eyes of disapproval"
"MFW i make eye contact with someone on a moped"
"My Feelings On No Fap September"
"Shit I see on my newsfeed."
"How I feel when I come to Reddit to be distracted and all I see is donation posts."
"This time has been coming for a long time"
"Look who I ran into today!"
"Happy Thanksgiving Reddit!"
"Feast your eyes on the greatest bacon costume of 1894."
"Lady Gaga is unoriginal"
"Reddit today..."
"am i the only one around here..."
"It's quite possible.."
"To all your feet pictures..."
"Recently  everyone else seems to ..."
"Is this normal?"
"reddit lately..."
"I can't be the only one... can I?"
"Viewing /r/gaming today..."
"Starting to feel pressured into changing my answer"
"It's just too much  cable."
"Christopher Nolan Stole my Money."
"How I Feel Sometimes"
"Every time."
"I always read people complaining about this."
"Am I the only one...?"
"I'm not typically a grammar-nazi  but this error has been bothering me for awhile..."
"When I find roommates leaving dirty dishes"
"God Bless Irony"
"Hello Mr.Ducky."
"My girlfriend just told me her period was over"
"russians"
"Mean while in Russia"
"Excuse me *tap tap*"
"Excuse me...attention please..."
"Anne Hathaway is so silly."
"My friend was scared of two different gifs. I combined them to create this."
"Double Face."
"Double Face [x-post from r/funny]"
"Double Faces"
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"Just got served"
"How I feel when my mom goes grocery shopping"
"The UP superstar has been found."
"So Up was based on his life?"
"Winner."
"He's Real!"
"I found him"
"How I feel When I play COD"
"I want this job"
"Infomercials"
"Need a 3rd arm"
"My cakeday is almost over and all I got was this cat"
"Deadly predators prowling the savannah"
"Tigers on the hunt"
"After spending a couple minutes in the new section of r/funny"
"You think outgrowing your clothes is a problem? Try outgrowing your pet door!"
"dog"
"."
"This place looks magical"
"Blue Stream through a Purple Forest"
"A Fact of Life - WTF"
"Chinsssss"
"Neckbeard to the max..."
"Here is my weird stuff collection"
"Hitler's Death"
"In Capitalist America...."
"Upvoting links on the front page"
"Pretty much whenever I go to the dentist..."
"I didn't know they used THAT for robbing a store!"
"Boom! Ostrich! Slap!"
"Mr. ET"
"I pity the fool...that phones home."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"First high in 3 weeks  feels good man [7 and only 1/4 in."
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"MFW I finally download Reddit Enhancement Suite...."
"I was closing by myself at work when I saw this in the basement and nearly had a heart attack"
"Less-reliable predictions department: Ducks could take over the world! [x-post from r/futurology]"
"The girl's logic is flawless!! (xpost from r/futurology)"
"faster!"
"The Nic Cage sofa."
"Am I ever gonna want to sit on this face?"
"How I feel upvoting posts on my cakeday."
"How I feel giving upvotes in new submissions"
"What i feel like when somebody says YOLO"
"Whenever I hear someone quote Drake..."
"How I felt at my cousins 14th birthday party."
"Going to a Wii U Event in Hollywood today"
"Just found Egg Nog at the store..."
"I dont even... slightly NSFW"
"This pig shit on his balls. that is all [NSFL 1024 x 768]"
"Alpha-pig Problems"
"At least you're having a better day than whoever handles this pig [NSFW]"
"Googled &quot;Shit Balls&quot;  was not disappointed..."
"Shit Balls"
"General Catton reads up on strategy."
"But then again  we knew they've been plotting something"
"Other countries right now"
"Green"
"Ok  here I go!! Dammit."
"DAMN IT!"
"can't stop laughing."
"Ninja cat."
"Green light.....RED LIGHT!"
"Concentrate!!... aaaaand...."
"The Reddit Invasion [Historical Infographic of Reddit]"
"Saw this in news feed. I might have laughed harder than I should have."
"Found this on my Facebook newsfeed. Laughed a bit too hard"
"I laughed harder than I should have."
"boink boink boink boink"
"I fucking miss the 90s."
"The 90s."
"The tl;dr to everything"
"The Huxtable's are doing it right  but it feels so wrong."
"I think it's great that everyone is donating to charity but...."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"They see me rollin'"
"When my gf wants to fight"
"Almooost there.. Just a bitttt moreee..."
"When I try and swim quickly"
"I Have Found Gold"
"Nyan slide cat"
"Run kitty  run!"
"The race for karma"
"Eventually he'll make it to the top."
"WE'LL MAKE IT I SWEAR"
"How I feel trying to make it to the front page"
"my 9 month old brothers halloween costume"
"Sunset Flower"
"FOREVER.."
"well that got out of hand awfully quick"
"Fire tits. [NSFW]"
"I would love to know what they thought was going to happen. (NSFW)"
"So I was using a random imgur link generator and found this..."
"Batknight (xpost from r/batman)"
"Douche Bags I have found your Ruler"
"The difference between the haves and have-nots in the third world"
"Poverty Line"
"the grass is greener on the other side"
"What I feel like playing Scriptcraft after years of BC  WOTLK and now Cata"
"today is my cake day?"
"As a girl  this is how I feel trying to convince my friend to watch a movie with boobs."
"My thoughts on the virtual curiosity landing/space explorer..."
"Just started playing StarCraft II..."
"Ive been following TS Isaac  this is how I see the weathermen"
"How sports commentators must feel tweeting"
"Got invited to a fantasy fb league. My first live draft~"
"This Gap ad is so metal."
"It had to be done sooner or later. [First]"
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Disguises are at their best on King of The Hill"
"I've never read this Animorphs book as a kid."
"Julio Aparicio  was gored in the throat during a bullfight."
"Julio Aparicio  one of Spain's most famous matadors  was gored in the throat during a bullfight."
"How it feels when my post gets downvoted"
"¡El Toro Gana!"
"Most beautiful downvote..."
"The most beautiful down vote I've ever seen"
"Gotham Style"
"op. op op op."
"Gotham Style"
"Oppa Gotham Style"
"Oppa gotham style (not sure if repost)"
"Used this as my yearbook quote... let's see how it goes over with the administration."
"A nice place to stop and have lunch"
"Water + Cat + Treadmill = ???"
"What the..."
"Going for a walk"
"Good music is essential for a workout"
"Posting 6 days late for my cakeday."
"When my boss tells me I'm working the entire week that I planned to take off."
"As a mac owner looking at all the PC Games for sale on Steam"
"Met up with my buddy after 12 hours alive on DayZ (we spawned on opposite sides of the map). 23 seconds after we met  we were both sniped and killed."
"My cakeday did not go as planned."
"This is how I feel about not getting Glastonbury tickets"
"How I felt waking up on Christmas as a child"
"Steam is having a sale. 3 of the games are on my wish list."
"When I get glue on my hands"
"When I finally have a reason to use this gif"
"Just realized I have leftover ribs from last night waiting in the fridge"
"When I go in a place that has free Wifi in it."
"Kids asleep  wife has a glass of wine"
"When no one is home  and i want to masturbate."
"How I picture people that &quot;like&quot; newly single relationship statuses on Facebook."
"How I feel walking into McDonald's with a couple dollars"
"Bird Cage"
"Guys  this is the saddest Gif. I've seen. and maybe yours too"
"Keep calm..."
"Keep Calm"
"&quot;Oh well she looks pret-- Wat.&quot;"
"I'm becoming insane"
"Stay away from me"
"wat"
"What not to watch whilst high(x-post r/wtf)"
"Trippin out brah"
"Was listing to some music when I pulled up this gif..."
"Zodiac Shit [1:33]"
"That's one hard slap...."
"Getting caught sitting in seats that you don't have tickets for"
"I think this kind of peanut butter needs to be shared"
"Too early to take in Mars landing info. How my brain feels at the moment."
"Dogs are assholes"
"When someone begs for karma on their cake day"
"On Turning 25..."
"How I feel when I think im posting something good on Reddit"
"Pew Pew Pew"
"Backfliiiip! SSSSHHHBLAAAM"
"..Wat"
"What the hell Mary? You deserved that"
"Nice work Luke"
"Thanks Luke !"
"Train etiquette."
"Finally a store getting it right!"
"One holiday at a time"
"Eruption and Lightning"
"The eruption of the Cordon del Caulle in Chile"
"We do it again!"
"First Mountain Dew  then Taylor Swift  now 9Gag. GO 4CHAN!"
"Take Down 9gag! (White Team)"
"Fight against 9gag [Xpost from /r/funny  repost for awareness)"
"Prepare For Operation Bukkae (9/11)"
"Seems like you guys would have good content for Red Team"
"4chan vs. 9gag. Final battle!"
"How I feel after getting my first D in University."
"Seal"
"Don't mind me  I'm just a Seal"
"Typed &quot;gay seal&quot; in google to find the cartoon of a seal yelling &quot;Gaaaay!&quot;... this was on the first page."
"Typed &quot;gay seal&quot; into google for the meme  and got this"
"Not exactly the kind of seal I was looking for  Google..."
"I Googled &quot;gay seal.&quot;"
"My pet seal named SEAL"
"Pete Townshend  DVM"
"Resuscitating a drowning cat"
"Resuscitating a drowning cat"
"George W. Bush Cabinet"
"favorite segment of whose line is it anyway."
"Find this stored in my phone today  makes me laugh every time"
"I don't have a title for this  I just like to stare at it"
"The hardest part of a mother's life."
"My reaction when a student at my gf's university who was driving a PORSCHE was complaining that he thought someone stole his parking pass and needed it reimbursed."
"Toughest Baby Ever"
"Big Dreams"
"Do you even lift?"
"Never have I wanted to hug a fish so much."
"Happy fish"
"Is there any love for a porcupine puffer fish?"
"I know /r/aww loves puppies and kittens  but other animals can be adorable too  right?"
"One heck of a smile."
"Who knew pufferfish could be so cute?"
"How I feel watching my post on the frontpage"
"A Day at the Races"
"&quot;Your mouth's bigger than your stomach!&quot;"
"This was sent to me on my phone by a random number..."
"Just a bit of old WTF"
"Oh the things we do with Photoshop."
"Why?! Photoshop is not meant for this!"
"A new kind of face-swap"
"Fat swap"
"These face swaps keep getting weirder..."
"This picture wins the Internet (face swap)."
"The eyes..."
"best face swap"
"Atheists have the biggest vaginas"
"It's stuff like this that makes reruns of To Catch a Predator pure gold."
"Tree Lobsters"
"On Lord Howe Island black rats made tree lobsters extinct  now 2001 scientists discovered 24 still living ones under a bush on a small&amp;rocky island &quot;Ball's Pyramid&quot; and resurrected the former population in Melbourne Zoo [624x833]"
"Happy bacon day! Here have a bacon ak-47"
"DAMMIT!"
"Here's your order  have a nice day"
"The Hamburglar"
"The Hamburglar strikes again"
"Mc Burglar"
"This will make your mouth water"
"This Shit is Gangsta."
"Don't jump!"
"Last Kiss"
"Kissing arrest"
"A picture taken by photographer Mo Gelber outside of Manhattan Criminal courts a few weeks ago...... I think it's pretty freaking gorgeous."
"Crayola Star Wars"
"One of the worst ways to die"
"BREAKING NEWS!!1"
"One of the worst ways to die."
"Violence goes too far."
"The worst way to die"
"Redundancy level:Evening News."
"Nicholas Cage as E.T."
"beautiful"
"Pop!"
"Popping Bubbles..."
"Bubble popped caught by camera (amazing)."
"Just hit 200 karma after 6 months"
"I've been saving pictures of kitties with strange eyes. Today  I present them to you!"
"Awesome photo of a Lightning Rod in action"
"Don't worry they put plastic down"
"I'm not sure if this is mayonnaise or what"
"Orphaned kitten pushing his stepbrother"
"Googled &quot;cutest thing ever&quot; and got this."
"Wilt Chamberlain and Andre the Giant -- holding up Arnold Schwarzenegger (on the set of Conan)! [PIC]"
"Andre the Giant is much bigger than Arnold."
"Yes. Just yes."
"Why i look forward to Halloween TV"
"My favorite Halloween movie antagonists."
"From a pre-med forum  I present to you: party_surgery.gif"
"Perhaps r/wtf will appreciate party_surgery.gif?"
"When I see free food"
"I'll take that..."
"Lumberjacks Hand Felling a Redwood Tree - California  1892"
"Just One More Theory..."
"One more theory."
"totally bossed it"
"Waking up with 5 minutes till the bus comes"
"Fastball"
"How I feel after reading through status updates I made 5 years ago on Facebook Timeline"
"After scrolling down too far and activating Never Ending Reddit"
"How NBC must feel about broadcasting the Olympics"
"Whenever I make a spelling error in the title of a post"
"when I found out i could have save more than $50 on the flight that I already booked in a different website"
"Classic Phil Dunphy."
"Found this gem on 4chan. Very wat."
"BOOM! Head Shot"
"Over Dramatic"
"But fart just one time.."
"Oh  you!"
"Aww  shucks"
"Instant aww"
"Warning: Possible death from cuteness"
"Something to help get you through your Monday"
"The cutest thing ever"
"Snarfle snarfle nom!"
"Too damn cute"
"Cute little dog giggling!"
"Just keep walking."
"Nothing to see here....just washing my car."
"&quot;what you looking at buddy?&quot;"
"They should combine Halloween and NYE... (Facebook)."
"Gas prices are about $1.30/L..."
"&quot;Evidence of God's GREAT mercy in the news&quot; [Aurora]"
"My friend left his Facebook logged in at an electronics store  I saw this a few hours later"
"Eating at subway"
"Saw this in my news feed today."
"No no... No no no no.. head shake"
"Whenever I try to be cool and wink at someone"
"This is how I &quot;gently&quot; disagree"
"&quot;Babe... do you look at porn?&quot;"
"My friend's son just brought this home from school. Dad is so proud!"
"My friend checked his sons homework...... GENIUS."
"I'm going to hell for this."
"The cool way to go up the escalator"
"Hulk smash Snake!!!!"
"How I feel when I use the handicapped stall."
"Upgrading from an NVTouch to an iPhone4"
"Unsubscribing from Gonewild."
"How I felt the first time I put on those Wrangler U-Shaped Jeans..."
"The busey of oz"
"Oh the things you find on 4chan."
"Oh the things I find on 4chan."
"[SHOPPED] Shark Attack"
"You Know His Name. Say It"
"Let's see a cat do this!"
"So my friend took her dog to the park today..."
"Naps."
"Naps... I take that"
"How I feel after finishing all my exams."
"Awkward"
"Awkward"
"Awkward"
"What it's like being the only girl at a LAN party"
"Porn Country-of-Origin Identification Guide [FTFY]"
"Any one else thinks Japans looks like Jason?"
"Clint Eastwood on gay marriage"
"Clint Eastwood just became a little more awesome."
"I confess that I have no desire to confess"
"Clint Eastwood on same-sex marriage"
"Ok  they're all fucked"
"Life is like a box of chocolates"
"What Atheism is up against"
"What Atheism is up against[fixed]"
"Christian double-standard"
"HOLY CARP!"
"How many of these do YOU recognize?"
"My reaction when I see that r/bigdickproblems has over 2 million subscribers"
"I need a whole bunch of people to tell me that this isn't true. Right now."
"Dear Reddit  can any one tell me where this is?? SO I CAN RUN THE FUCK AWAY"
"First Shot of Ian McKellen as Gandalf in The Hobbit"
"Giraffe banging a donkey"
"She OD'd on the WTF"
"This belongs here."
"Trouble at the chocolate factory."
"oh  glorious zebra butt"
"Ultimate repost"
"Arguing on Internet"
"Meanwhile in walmart."
"How I feel about everything and everyone on Monday morning"
"Bitch  Ima Panda"
"You'd think he'd know how to deal with this..."
"Science in the house"
"Get it away from me!"
"Scaredy Bear"
"A Wild Diglett Has Appeared."
"Close enough."
"Overused  but i had to."
"Leroy has done it again"
"Oh Leroy Jenkins  the early years"
"One of my favorite pictures from a train."
"The Original Ronald McDonald  c. 1963"
"Bill Gates saving up for Lamborghini"
"Bill Gates  being a billionaire."
"Done."
"Huh?..."
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts by Shel Silverstein"
"Ayyyyyyyyyy"
"Grated cheese&gt;blasphemy"
"Real life Bikini Bottom in the winter"
"Typed in &quot;Saddest picture on the internet&quot; [FIXED]"
"She's hot...lolwat?"
"Shit happens... [nsfw]"
"If it fits I..."
"Freedom!!"
"On my reddit birthday  I present to you: my favorite gif. Ever."
"That's one way to be swept off your feet"
"One of my all time favorites"
"a new power ranger"
"This wasn't your first choice?"
"My reaction to seeing it's my cake day  after thinking I missed it."
"Transformers!!!"
"An F-3:16"
"Transformers!!"
"Just a little mutual respect between pop-stars"
"It's the hat."
"I meow so hard..."
"Kanye Kitty  bitchhh."
"How I feel when opening condiments without a &quot;tear here&quot; label."
"How I feel when I'm shaving my balls with a hair clipper"
"Huge airship anchored by its front  standing nearly upright. Incredible."
"The only game I want to make a comeback"
"Sunlit string"
"I think my parents buy this in bulk."
"If only I had known this as a child..."
"Watch your step."
"Still the funniest .gif in the history of the internet"
"We all have these kinds of days"
"when a post looks like its doing well."
"I got Bastion during the Steam Sale  having some problems with controls..."
"All of my attempts at the front page"
"Deranged Dinosaur"
"Began a game of Pandemic... I have done the impossible."
"A great way to start the day"
"The glorious truth behind the Ridiculously Photogenic Guy effect"
"The moment you NEED to correct someone in an argument."
"As a gay guy into bears this is how I feel about the Photogenic guy meme."
"Whenever I see a stupid comment"
"Coming home  40 000BC"
"Coming home 40.000BC"
"Coming home 40.000BC [pic]"
"When dictionaries in the future include pictures and acronyms  this will be next to OMFG."
"Oh Boy"
"Happy Corgi"
"If ever there was a game that should be remade it is this one."
"Vodka"
"Child of nightmares"
"How I picture people when they fight on reddit."
"... Wat?"
"Sick  sick  horses"
"Horses."
"When I saw how much Karma I could get Reposting from r/ReactionGifs Today"
"Saw this on my newsfeed. I don't even.."
"Possibly the cutest thing EVAR?!"
"How it feels joining the &quot;my reaction&quot; trend on /r/gifs"
"How I feel being the only IT guy in my office."
"My CompSci and network programming professor uses  and defends IE 6"
"Time to eat"
"As an employee at a restaurant  this is how I feel when eating for half price at my home branch."
"I was scrolling through the questions on You Rather when I accidentally voted on this. I sunddenly realized: I was the deciding vote!"
"If only..."
"So many people don't know the pain..."
"Were we just compared to Pedophiles???"
"Who thinks of this shit!?"
"Ive lost all faith in humanity..."
"The computer chamber"
"Look at this baby not giving a fuck."
"Killed with Kindness"
"Get Well Soon"
"Killed with kindness?"
"Killed with Kindness"
"Oh shit  OH shit  OH Shit  OSHIT OSHIT OSHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!!!!!!!!"
"Haters gonna hate House style"
"SHOTS!!!"
"SHOTS!"
"Ever wondered how (some) locks work?"
"Lock!"
"How a key works gif [xpost from mildlyinteresting]"
"How a key works"
"Fool me once..."
"Cats can fly  too"
"Little Badass"
"That finger's never looked so fly."
"BOOOSH"
"wait for it...."
"Wait for it.."
"Nom nom nom..."
"Pure joy."
"Pro-Life vs. Pro-Choice"
"So true."
"No such thing as &quot;pro-life&quot; only &quot;anti-choice&quot;"
"Decline of masculinity"
"Never stops making me laugh"
"That's what I would have done"
"No time to explain!"
"LOL WHUT"
"Looks like supplies will be running low shortly !"
"Seems fitting"
"How I felt getting full-sized candy bars from &quot;that guy&quot; on Halloween."
"Yesterday i didn't give a crap about karma (i had 6 link karma)  this is my reaction to the 114 link karma i have today"
"How I feel when I walk into an American liquor store as a Canadian."
"Unpleasant memories"
"I can't remember what I googled to get this."
"Well I wish I could have more mints. Thank you Jeazus!!!!!!!"
"THIS is how to pay your speeding ticket! Dollar bills folded as pigs  presented in a Dunkin' Donuts box."
"Baby attacks cat. Cat attacks baby."
"How can she slap!"
"Does this make you hate kids... or cats?"
"Cats and Babies... can it get more awwwww?"
"Who could say no to those blue eyes?"
"Bellsprout"
"My best technique for seducing the ladies at the club."
"whenever people post stupid and retarded things on the internet. My EXACT reaction"
"My new facebook cover photo that aggravated religious friends. Can you name them left to right?"
"Who we should follow"
"What is it?"
"What is this ball of cuteness sitting in a tree?"
"Momonga is so cold."
"hang on  winter's coming"
"I was searching planets... close enough."
"Channel 4's Paralympics coverage might need to hire someone else a bit wiser to evaluate the comments being texted in."
"A viewer weighs in with a serious question during the Paralympics."
"Real life &quot;sweet jesus dog&quot; pic."
"The Joy in His Eyes"
"The Joy in His Eyes"
"awesome people hanging out together"
"Birds at a (10)"
"It's the simple things."
"Aw Yiss"
"Gets me every time"
"Bread crumbs"
"Breadcrumbs."
"So  my brother's pretty happy that Hurricane Sandy is a-coming"
"I know this has been reposted to death  but it makes me chuckle everytime."
"I wonder if the one on the bottom can pull this off.........."
"Laughed my ass off at this one!"
"Taking Grandma for a Spin"
"For The Love Of It"
"This is how I feel when I'm told I'm going to &quot;Hell&quot;. [Fixed]"
"&quot;I found him decapitated and swimming in feces after his former owners pile drived him into an active volcano  paid vet bills and here he is!&quot;... my reaction"
"It's my IRL cake day! You should be interested in that fact."
"When an art major told me that engineering is the worst field to go into"
"When they told me God exists.... (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Whenever a post contains the words  &quot;my girlfriend.&quot;"
"Whenever I see that Internet Explorer 9 dubstep commercial"
"When my friend tells me he slept with a pornstar."
"When ever I see a &quot;I googled this and got this&quot;"
"When my friend says Tyga is a better rapper than Common and Mos Def"
"When my grandparents tell me my 19th birthday will be a night to remember"
"How I Feel When A Cell Phone Company Offers &quot;Unlimited&quot; Data"
"Reddit: Where everyone claims to be a SAP but hooks up with celebrities like it's a normal occurrence."
"Your friends' reaction when you tell them you're not drinking tonight [FIXED]"
"Whenever I see &quot;just turned 18&quot; on gonewild submissions"
"Whenever someone changes their relationship status [GIF]"
"I fucking told you!"
"*Face palm* [FIXED]"
"Lost my shit again with this."
"Traps."
"Just a baby panda"
"Just a Cat. No big Deal."
"Just a Cat. No big Deal."
"Hipster Cat"
"Dramatic Cat"
"smashing  smashing  smashing  smashing....."
"Smashing smashing smashing smashing  etc. [gif]"
"When the first girl arrives at the party"
"Any Pokemon Fans? A family of Diglet and Digtrios"
"Do i give a shit about April fools  Brace your selves  Game of Thrones is Coming!"
"How I feel when I actually make a good comment"
"My exact reaction after I checked my grades finding out I aced my math final that I thought I failed."
"How it feels every time I log into Reddit and see that my karma has gone up."
"when my manager says i can go home early"
"The moment when you find out you made the top comment for the first time."
"My reaction when I turned on my TV to olympic badminton - Imgur"
"Mfw I see Doctor Who season 7 premieres in 20 days"
"Roomba/Weapon owners on Reddit today"
"How I felt finally reaching 100 karma after spending 2 months on reddit."
"Finding out the original 'FreeCreditReport.com' band is back doing commercials."
"Just found a pdf copy of a $160 textbook"
"When I wake up after a night of drinking with no hangover and money still in my wallet."
"What I imagine getting 50 upvotes on a post feels like"
"When I ace a test I thought I failed"
"When the &quot;random&quot; button took me to r/emmawatson"
"After Getting 100 karma on a post"
"Finally my cake day!"
"Hearing that class is cancelled for the next two days..."
"Don't blink!"
"Beeye"
"Tremendous pain in 3  2  1.."
"Not safe for feeling"
"I really hope this isn't real"
"Fucking ouch."
"Just a bee sting... in the eye"
"Even with my terrible OCD  I enjoy this. Theresien Wiese  Munich."
"Our house."
"Go home window...you're drunk."
"why do they do this to me?!"
"This is just weird"
"This remains my favorite desktop background."
"Saw this beauty in the comments  it needs to be seen"
"Everyhawks"
"Punchline in the title  tiny gangsters"
"Young hip-hoppers"
"Rappers..."
"Humor  cats  and puns in one image."
"What will Alakazam do?!"
"Alakazam used Psy Beam"
"Alakazam cannot withstand the PSY Beam."
"Alakazam used psy beam!"
"What on earth possessed someone to do this pose...in a dress?"
"Some truth from Cyanide and Happiness today"
"I can't be the only one that relates to this..."
"Cyanide and Happiness Defines a Redditor."
"A typical work week"
"I think us redditors can relate..."
"Hooray for the weekend? (Cyanide and Happiness)"
"Never fall asleep when Batman's around."
"I love it."
"Oh  internet..."
"Walkie Talkie Bunny"
"Maniac Bunny"
"Did someone say carrots?"
"Did someone say Carrots?"
"It's not just all puppies and kittens on /r/aww"
"INRL Mudkip"
"Real life Mudkip"
"This describes a few solid years of my life."
"Mmm...You do this so well!!!"
"shes a natural"
"Aced it"
"Summer school success!"
"A+ for creativity (xpost from fb)"
"This guy deserves a medal"
"Cat affection... Gotta love it."
"Nnnnnnnooooooot.... gonna happen."
"Apparently its a bad idea to give redditors ideas"
"Are you feeling it now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Art thou feeling it now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Are you feeling the LSD now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar?"
"Nom"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"Wascally Wabbit!"
"It's the lil' things"
"Hurricane Sandy&gt;Swagfags"
"My new best friend"
"Knife to meet you"
"Optical Illusion at Paris town hall"
"Crazy Optical Illusion [pic] (x-post from r/pics)"
"So typed young Morgan Freeman into google"
"Bird playing in a fountain"
"I love Easter chocolate."
"Chocolate covered cockatiel anyone?"
"A good idea of how I approach reddit when I get home from work  going from 8 months unemployment to a full time job suddenly."
"funny dog gif - animalsbeingdicks"
"Beautiful Chameleon"
"How to Nostalgia (Charlie Brown)"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Freefalling from 128 000 feet"
"just a jump from 125 000 feet"
"A gif of the first few seconds of Felix Baumfardner's record breaking parachute jump  amazing."
"GIF Of Felix Baumgartner Jumping From Space"
"Jumping feet first into a pool of Red Bull and pussy."
"Felix Baumgartner's leap of faith"
"Felix Baumgartner as he jumps."
"GIF animation of Felix Baumgartner jumping off"
"Weeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
"Red Bull Stratos: Freefall in 3  2  1..."
"Falling with style!"
"Red Bull gives you oh shiiit!"
"Beautiful."
"Interesting Graph"
"Belief in Evolution vs National Wealth"
"Belief in Evolution versus National Wealth"
"Swagrid."
".....Hagrid?"
"Gandalf can never have this much street cred"
"Gets me every single time"
"googled &quot;evolution of a man&quot; and this came up"
"Pain at its finest (NSFW)"
"New York Magazine's Cover of Dark Manhattan (Xpost r/CoolCovers)"
"New York City And Hurricane Sandy: With The Lights Out; With The Lights On"
"oh no..."
"Not Expected"
"Math. STAHP"
"Kick ass!"
"I think the devil does it..."
"This kid..."
"The Devil is the Coolest!"
"Instead of buying more candy for the vending machine.."
"How to double profits."
"The advantages of being colorblind."
"i got it"
"The Hovercat"
"Stephen Colbert as young Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"He Makes a poncho look badass (Fixed)"
"Original Poncho-wearing Badass"
"He makes a poncho look badass [Fixed]"
"Childhood---&gt; Ruined"
"what? i got an upvote?"
"A Storm Troll!"
"Taking moobs to a whole new level"
"Jim Carrey is the original!"
"Make a stand Reddit  this is happening."
"WE must fight!"
"Popped up on my FB feed."
"This day we fight!"
"Now for wrath. Now for ruin. And the red dawn!"
"So I brought Skyrim last week..."
"“No worries there  Ralph  I got this!!!”"
"“No worries there  Ralph  I got this!!!” (x/post from r/funny)"
"When I hear my name getting called."
"Whenever I'm barely awake and my roommate starts cooking."
"Me after giving my girlfriend head  post orgasm..."
"bear."
"Pac Melon"
"found this little guy in a dumpster  any idea what he eats?"
"Electric Abbey Road"
"LucyintheSkywithDiamonds"
"Mexican Beatles... F*** YEAH!"
"Owning Abbey Road"
"the originals."
"Sister asked what fap means."
"So today I found out I'll be moving from Europe to the bible belt..."
"Whenever I Accidentally Open an Adobe Program"
"Me when I see my Karma going down..."
"Everyone's reaction when they realized reddit was down for maintenance"
"MFW my cake-day is almost over and I only now realized it was my cake day"
"I asked Google to &quot;give me something to put on reddit for my cakeday&quot;. Geez..."
"Just Making A Beer Run"
"Riding a Mexican Pig"
"Shark teeth?"
"Ever wonder what sharks would look like with people teeth? Wonder no more!"
"They don't look so scary now do they?"
"Happy Shark Week!"
"I feel like shark week would be even better to watch if sharks looked like this."
"Change your Facebook profile pictures for Shark Week! (The whole thing  or cut and paste)"
"There not as scary with human teeth"
"After browsing r/aww  it's usually kittens and puppies. I decided to findsomething 'different'. I searched 'cute sharks' on google images. It seems Sharks with big teeth are adorable."
"Sharks are a lot friendlier without the pointy teeth."
"Sharks with Human Teeth"
"Salvador Dali taking his anteater for a walk"
"Just Dali walking a Giant Ant Eater  that's all."
"Just Salvidor Dali walking his Ant Eater."
"I'll let this speak for itself"
"At some point in time  this was considered attractive as shit. I'll just let you think about that one for a minute."
"Bunny  what have you done?"
"How I felt seeing my ex with her new boyfriend yesterday"
"Keepin' It Clean"
"I don't even know anymore."
"What is underneath Tickle-Me-Elmo's cuddly exterior"
"weirdest gif ever"
"...that's weird."
"They call her &quot;The Octopus Girl&quot;"
"WTF?"
"When Someone Walks in Front of Me and Then Walks Slower Than I Do"
"Every time I try to get fancy with my dance moves.."
"Just a praying mantis riding a bike."
"My Kung Fu is strong"
"The kittens are evolving...."
"come at me bro"
"You wanna piece o' me bro?!"
"Frisbee"
"Dude!"
"Where could it have gone?"
"I was under the impression this was worth karma?"
"What was supposed to happen?"
"6 balls with one stone."
"I shall call you &quot;King&quot;."
"I don't think so buddy - Imgur"
"That damn wooden spoon..."
"If you remember these..."
"Was hit by all 3"
"Trying to sneak a late night snack"
"What was that noise then..."
"Black Knight killin' it"
"Local McDonalds"
"An(g)us Pounder"
"Um... No thanks..."
"Park at rear?"
"Try the what?!"
"I'm Lovin' It"
"No thanks"
"How to live with a hernia: Swanson style."
"Oh shi..."
"Tomorrow..."
"Was a drop kick really necessary?"
"Whenever i play wingman."
"HALP."
"Snowball Seal"
"Dear People of the World..."
"Not slutty at all"
"Your Move Atheists"
"Just saw this on fb..."
"Atheist Bale"
"When I'm pooping and hear the queue for my game go off in the other room"
"Having a grand ol time"
"What I look like when I try to dance"
"Had a few too many at a work party last Friday. I'll forever be seen as &quot;that guy&quot; now."
"My face when I found out that Kazakhstan had won 13 medals  and more than half on them were gold..."
"They moment when your first post gets 50 upvotes"
"Gained like 10 whole up votes today... Borat knows dat feel"
"First time i went swimming and got a sun burn on my arms  I forgot and scratched my arm..This is how i felt.."
"On the Internet"
"Patrick Star- Our Country's Hero"
"Patrick Star for president? To be fair  I’m fairly sure there are other candidates who support outsourcing  exporting  and deportation."
"Every day this seems like a better option."
"This man must be elected."
"Heyyyy  sexy Joseph!"
"Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt (repost from /r/gifs)"
"Twin crocodiles hatching from the same egg"
"Twin crocodiles hatching from the same egg (X-post from /r/pics)"
"The obama speech."
"Bin Laden's dead."
"How I feel after getting a couple of upvotes"
"My favorite gif ever"
"All I could think of when watching Clint Eastwood yelling at a chair during the RNC"
"I think we're lost  look for a landmark."
"Just this once I'll applaud child abuse"
"Crazy little thing called love"
"Joffrey Baratheon wants some more!!"
"I went to a halloween party dressed as Karl from up and look who I randomly met!"
"My friend Kyle ran into this guy unexpectedly last night"
"White people..."
"Just lose it"
"Conan  the newest member of g-unit"
"This little piggy went to market."
"This little piggy"
"Alan please make the UI"
"Chill dude...she's 18!"
"Meow. mew."
"AWWWWWWWWWWWW!"
"Expert Martial Artist"
"There can only be one!"
"Bird Kombat"
"Googling Schwarzenegger as a kid (x-post from WTF)"
"Googled Schwarzenegger as a baby  was not disappointed"
"Dafuq did I just read?"
"She is pregnant."
"Aw  she's pregnant"
"No smoking  drinking  skateboarding dogs please."
"Damn  that photo I was planning would have got me so much Karma"
"So my family has a pet goat and  well  she isn't fond of others..."
"So my family has a pet goat and  well  she doesn't get along with others"
"Passing a classroom while they take a test."
"Me when I am locked out of my lecture theater and the lecturer hasn't even started yet"
"GMan has lost his mind"
"As a poor college student who cant afford new games  this is my reaction whenever I see my dorm neighbors play Borderlands 2..."
"Just a dog running"
"Herp to the power of derp equals this."
"My favorite teacher made sure my time at high school went to infinity and beyond."
"Will never look at him the same again"
"Waking up on Monday morning"
"Great conversational piece...."
"The adventures of Lord Mario"
"When you see it..."
"He loves his kitty."
"My reaction when I found out I could download free audiobooks from sites with a library card"
"Having fun isn't hard when you [Fixed]"
"&quot;Don't bother!&quot;"
"Brains? (x-post from r/zombies)"
"Krusty in his youth"
"As a big guy  trying to be sexy at the bar"
"The X Factor"
"We are in it together"
"Is that right?"
"Chickenshake"
"TIL chicken heads don't move."
"saw these two posts today  thought it would be perfect"
"Chicken Heads"
"Saw this on r/funny and figured it could use some music"
"Do the hustle!"
"ou people have no imagination  oh wait..."
"I have little imgination for which to use for this gif..."
"Chicken just don't care"
"Chickens  how do they work?"
"Party chicken."
"chicken"
"&quot;The Maturity Climb&quot;  aka  &quot;show this to your friends when you think they're being immature&quot;"
"The Maturity Climb"
"Maturity Goats (a gentle reminder)"
"Thirsty?"
"don't stop.... really..."
"I sometimes drink like this to pretend to be a cat"
"this is hypnotizing"
"My girlfriend after I beg  and she finally agrees to give me a blowjob."
"Only slightly thirsty"
"Bitches love worlds"
"The lonely dollar"
"Check all your dollars!"
"They're not all crazy. These guys get it."
"Eye stitches after surgery"
"I don't see how anything could go wrong.."
"I'll never let go"
"Statutory rape?"
"I look at the pictures  I look down  I walk away...with shame."
"It's My First Cakeday Today  So I Challenge You To Piss With Confidence"
"It's always cold in bathrooms..."
"Never fails to amuse me"
"Shit happens... (NSFW)"
"OH SHIT! [nsfw]"
"That's it let it all out bro!"
"Well shit...."
"Gesund...notsotight."
"So i came down with the Flu  and this is probably my worst fear right now"
"Coning just got real"
"GANDALFSTYLE!"
"Hey sexy..lady?"
"&quot;When my best friend and I decide to go on a diet  and then a Domino's commercial comes on.&quot;"
"Research at its best!"
"Seems legit"
"It's my Reddit birthday and I don't give a fuck"
"Sterberksssss!"
"My sister-in-law saw this at her local Dallas Starbucks...(yes  it's real!)"
"Permpkurn Sperce at Starbucks"
"Ermahgerd has hit Starbucks!"
"Ermahgerd Lahtter!"
"Ermahgerd @ Starbucks"
"Starbucks this does not make me want to buy your coffee"
"RELEASE THE KRAKEN!"
"Release the Kraken!"
"Break it down  bitch!"
"this"
"Remember this .GIF? It gets better..."
"Just tying my shoe when.."
"What every guy wants to do when they see an attractive girl"
"*facepalm*"
"Good Morning"
"Me when I wake up"
"How I feel waking up with a hangover."
"My god I love this!"
"10 more minutes please..."
"When I wake up with out an alarm."
":D"
"I'm up!"
"Elephant Calf"
"Dumbo"
"Congratulations  it's a WTF"
"When Cats try to become Tarzan"
"Real life socially awkward penguin"
"socially awkward penguin at the zoo"
"The Simpsons. Knows where women should be..."
"I will get this shirt when I have a kid."
"Made in vagina"
"The smile"
"did you know"
"If Curiosity successfully lands on Mars tonight."
"No  human. That's enough computer for now. It's time to play with me"
"I hope he won't mind me sitting here..."
"The Store = Reddit"
"Any love for baby porcupines?"
"Aang in the Spirit World (Repost)"
"Rockefeller Center"
"I'm getting some mixed messages here  dictionary..."
"I feel uncomfortable"
"What I saw during the whole debate"
"I got the toilet paper for you"
"Doom"
"Bitch please"
"When a girl I like says one of my favorite songs is bad"
"How I feel when people tell me how they feel"
"Someone mentioned the lemon party site to me  I couldn't remember what it was so I visited it... and I was honestly more surprised by this image on the left [NSFW]"
"How I picture most Facebook &quot;attention whores&quot;. (x-post from r/pics)"
"Child's skull with both adult and baby teeth"
"When people start talking about applying for colleges around me"
"realizing my cake day is 20 days away...and i have nothing funny to post"
"Not much to see here  just Colonel Sanders and Alice Cooper being awesome together."
"Alice Cooper having a beer with Colonel Sanders"
"The Colonel and Alice Cooper."
"Just a picture of Alice Cooper and Col. Sanders hanging out"
"Two B.A.M.F.s"
"Every time I say something negative about WoW"
"If anyone is interested I found an image of Trapped_In_Reddit"
"How I imagine SupermanV2 posting a Bane meme about taking down OAG AMA"
"How I imagine the people who upvote on /r/gonewild"
"I know who is killing the WoW worlds!"
"Who I imagine complaining about obscure reposts."
"When you see a Facebook fight on the horizon"
"Awkward..."
"What a nice guy"
"I googled &quot;Nicholas Cage&quot; and this came up..."
"Found this lovely specimen."
"I Googled &quot;Greatest Nicolas Cage picture&quot; and found this."
"So much is wrong with this picture"
"ummmmmmmm....."
"So moist."
"This is just......Weird"
"coming out isn't that difficult"
"Smells like children"
"MFW I go through a wormhole"
"outta my head"
"You think these are man tracks? THEY'RE TRAIN TRACKS BITCH"
"Guy narrowly escapes death by train"
"Oh  hey Thomas."
"Man hit by train! (NSFW)"
"Realistic Drawing of Spongebob squarepants"
"SpongeBob Redux"
"Spongebob IRL"
"Pretty much sums up how I feel when I don't get an inside joke."
"This is how I feel when I don't receive any upvotes"
"College &quot;Essentials&quot; at Target"
"Well  I know where I'll be doing my back to school shopping.."
"A North Korean truck retrofitted to run on burning wood..."
"A truck  retrofitted to run on a barrel of burning wood  stops on a road in Hamhung  North Korea"
"A truck in North Korea retrofitted to run on a barrel of burning wood"
"Straight outta Pyongyang: A truck that runs on a barrel of burning wood"
"Say CHEESE!"
"When I walk into a public restroom after someone"
"They grow up so fast"
"I never did this when I was a kid...."
"Who lives in a pineapsfdghsdfh WHAT THE FUCK!"
"This Is How Sponge-Bob Really Looks Like"
"But... why?"
"spongebob?"
"Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?"
"What? Oh no he didn't..."
"Whenever I go to a buffet"
"I wish they still sold these..."
"What do you mean I'm not a bear?"
"Oh  Youtube Comments..."
"Oh Youtube..."
"This seems more appropriate here (x-post r/funny)"
"Oh Youtube..."
"Rush Rush"
"Highway. to. the... Dainger Zooone"
"CHIPS is back."
"He can drive that tanker"
"Life is funny sometimes."
"Don't you hate when this happens?"
"I always forget"
"Oh god I laughed so hard"
"I'm 46  and I would love to have a room like this"
"This room. I want it  and now you do too."
"BANANA CAT!"
"banana cat"
"This helps when you see people enjoying life on social networks"
"Oh yeah"
"How I felt the first time i sat on a squishy toilet seat"
"This isn't a .gif"
"The Mandelbrot set"
"Alienware"
"When I see two reposts on the front page."
"The Power of Alcohol"
"I don´t remember the last time I laughed this hard at a Simpsons gif"
"The National Endowment for the Arts in the Obama administration."
"Dog in mid-air  not photoshopped"
"20 Levitating Animals."
"20 Levitating Animals [x-post from /r/aww]"
"sad but very true."
"The horror"
"I don't know about you all  but THIS is my all time favorite gif"
"Mission Accomplished"
"America! Fuck YEAH!"
"Doubled my karma in a day"
"Its fun to to stay at YMCA!"
"My first cake day has arrived and this is how I celebrate..."
"my newest upvote gif"
"awesome upvote gif"
"First time. I'll see myself out."
"No matter what  you will never be this badass"
"Champions of Reason."
"Gorilla riding a bike"
"Just an ape..."
"I WANT TO RIDE ME BIIIIIKE"
"Whenever I am with my GF at a party and a hot girl wants to greet me!"
"This tree grew through and around a wagon wheel"
"Mind=blown..."
"Mindfuck"
"Extreme Makeover Japan Edition"
"There is probably a movie I have to watch. Does anyone know the title?"
"every girl i talk to"
"I don't get friendzoned..."
"After years  this still makes me laugh when I'm going through files on my computer"
"The Z-Machine reaches 2 Billion Degrees Kelvin (Experimental X-ray Generator for Fusion Research)"
"This is what 3 600 000 000° F looks like."
"death by snoo snoo"
"Me gusta."
"Horrific Phallic Wormhole (remember dem roots?) [NSFL]"
"Have all my NOPES (NSWF/NSFL/fuck.it.you're.going.to.click.anyway)"
"I can handle th...NEVERMIND"
"They see me rollin'"
"I watched this for longer than I should have."
"I'm not crazy. All i wanted was a Pepsi."
"Badass of the year 2012"
"Felix Baumgartner's jump from space"
"Redbull Stratos - Freefall"
"Felix Baumgartner jumping from 128000ft"
"Felix Baumgartner's leap of faith."
"Felix Baumgartn-weeeeeeee"
"Felix Baumgartner breaks world trampoline jump record"
"When you are up this high  you really realize how small you are."
"First 5 seconds of Felix Baumgartner's free fall"
"First Legendary GIF of Felix Baumgart's Space Jump"
"Just a black Nazi dwarf"
"The alternative to eyebleach.com"
"Every single time I read the label RPG in video games  I get this image in my head..."
"The Ultimate Strut [FIXED]"
"I miss this guy"
"Weird  I don't remember ever seeing this Garfield strip..."
"When you realize your teacher is absent"
"My reaction to the spoon challenge thread"
"How I feel after getting 10 upvotes on a post."
"Discovering you didn't gain weight over Thanksgiving break."
"What do you know  she has facebook..."
"MY PRECIOUS!"
"GothamMan Style"
"Oppa Batman Style"
"Batman Style"
"GOTHAM STYLE!"
"OPPA BATMAN STYLE"
"Heeeeeey! Sexy lady!"
"Oppan Gotham Style"
"i will slep you fucking guy!"
"Was gonna suggest steroids  buttttttttt"
"wtf just happened?"
"The old gun-in-reindeer's-ass ploy."
"No words can describe."
"(X-post from /r/reactiongifs) What is this I don't even.."
"Canadian artillery"
"What the fuck... [gif]"
"Shake Weight"
"What The Fuck Are You Doing"
"I wish this cat existed sooner  so I could have stopped my early posts."
"My cat's face when I told him we'd be fostering dogs soon."
"Whenever I see someone using a meme wrong on facebook"
"Showing my little brother portal."
"My feelings exactly when I see someone pray."
"Whenever my parents play video games...."
"When a r/reactiongifs post begins with &quot;MRW&quot;"
"Best doggy costume ever"
"Nothing compares to the cute."
"One dog dressed as two dogs carrying a present."
"Oh  it's just a tiny dog carrying a...wait  what?"
"Horse Fail"
"Majority of my posts end like this..."
"Proof My Little Pony can't fly"
"This... This Is Love"
"Cause this is Thriller!"
"'Cause this is thri-llerrrrr!"
"Thriller! Thanks mentalmystics09"
"It's so dreamy"
"Later bitch"
"SAAAAAILLL!"
"Thats what shi said."
"Chinese is a bad ass language"
"Jumping from the edge of the world (animated gif)"
"Felix Baumgartner jumps from the edge of space"
"Here goes nothin..."
"Here goes nothin..."
"Red Bull Stratos Jump"
"Felix Baumgartner's 120 000ft jump"
"This man truly has balls of steel"
"Breathtaking..."
"Nothing do Here!"
"Felix Baumgartner as he jumped"
"GIF of the moment Felix Baumgartner jumped from the edge of space."
"Now its time to leave the capsule if you dare..."
"how getting married must feel"
"Felix Jumped from 120 000 ft and broke the sound barrier. Way to Go!"
"Coming home  big time"
"Free Falling"
"&quot;you'd make a great father&quot;"
"Felix before he falls."
"I'll just go on reddit for a minute..."
"Bombs away!"
"Does the text on the bottom remind anyone else of &quot;achievement unlocked&quot;?"
"A tribute to Felix Baumgartner - Suck it Bolt  who's the fastest human now?!"
"Cos I'm free ..."
"Believe!"
"Literally."
"The first thing that came to mind"
"Hi my name is Felix Baumgartner..."
"Fuck this  I'm out"
"Joining the karma train."
"The only thing that goes through my head when everyone talks about the big jump:"
"Free Falling Felix"
"Crap  another jumping from space gif? I'm out of here..."
"Free fallin'"
"Free Fallin'"
"Collection of WTF Jesus  always makes me laugh"
"My cat trying to make the front page"
"Graceful Leap."
"No more Uncharted for you  cat."
"I believe I can Fly!"
"I believe I can Fly!"
"Rise."
"Karma Whores"
"Easily the funniest chain of replies I've seen on Facebook."
"Well that was unexpected"
"Tricking your parents..."
"Saw this on FB  Sorry if this wasn't OC"
"David Hasselhawk."
"Number one contender for the best .gif of all time."
"Made this for JohanP88  who couldn't decide which .gif to be trapped in until the end of time."
"Punching fail"
"I guess I found out I know a fundie  she posted this..."
"Extreme ideas of what to dress as this Halloween"
"suddenly  I know what my Halloween costume will be!"
"Seljalandsfoss Waterfall  Iceland"
"This is what I think Mother Earth thinks about Humans."
"In honor of Earth day...a recycled post."
"One year on reddit"
"Exactly 2 Years ago I discovered reddit  and...."
"On spending two years of my life on reddit:"
"Its my cake day.. when I think about all the time I've wasted on this website:"
"I left all my Spring Break homework until Sunday  ended up not doing anything"
"My reaction to realizing I accidentally posted my GIF in r/pics."
"Just realized I've been on reddit for an entire year..."
"I joined Reddit one year ago today..."
"So ya know there's that gif/music combiner..."
"When I'm able to pass a possible bowl movement with successful  hearty flatulence."
"So after one year on reddit"
"I just ate a whole jar of salsa con queso with a spoon much to my family's disgust..."
"Staying up too late on Reddit"
"How I felt when I saw I missed my cake day"
"I regret nothing"
"For my cake day  the gif that got me addicted to Reddit"
"&quot;Where&quot; magazine doing it all wrong"
"I feel like this should be in a game..."
"Zombie weapon"
"Why I hate Fall."
"A while back  my friend's cordless mouse broke in the middle of LoL. We still call him..."
"Whenever my family wants to take a family photo."
"Whenever I'm in public and realize my pants don't have pockets."
"Epic bachelor win."
"Finding something good on r/new"
"When I accidentally watched the movie this GIF is from..."
"When I upvote a post in r/new and later see it on the front page."
"As an American watching Curiosity land on Mars"
"Mfw I Found Out My Sister Browses r/trees."
"Waking up on a Sunday only to realize Monday is a holiday"
"As soon as I saw the little cake by my name."
"just some girl and her stunt double."
"Carrie Fisher and Leia's stunt woman sunbathing on the set of Return of the Jedi"
"saw this on fifth world pics"
"The subtext of this image still gets me"
"Some people are just born cool"
"I wouldn't cross him."
"STOP RESISTING! (xpost from r/wtf)"
"Ideas cannot be killed"
"Remember  remember the 5th of November. Such a great movie."
"While we're on the subject of badass tattoos..."
"Miley Cirus and His Minion labled 'So this guy....'"
"sadness time"
"I would be freaked out too."
"Holy Shit!"
"To be fair  as a grown male  I probably would of shat myself as well."
"What a nice statue... WAIT A MINUTE!"
"Technically correct – the best kind of correct."
"Time to face reality..."
"the kind of people i have on facebook... seriously no hope for the human race"
"Weapon XXX"
"Lazy."
"The only problem with editing of Facebook"
"No more yolo for me."
"Uplifting words. I feel sorry for that baby though."
"My friend has a bit of a feud going on with his retired neighbor"
"Just lol'd on Breaking Bad's Facebook page"
"Got him! [FB]"
"Why are you always in such a bad mood?"
"Just saw this on my facebook feed... they ruin everything"
"Worst misuse of 'Success Kid' I've seen... from my newsfeed (FB)"
"Really? Are you joking me?"
"Sloth lunch time!"
"I'm sorry "
"Thief!"
"Litter tray"
"My dog failing at catching a frisbee  and succeeding at running into a tree"
"Bella's first hand job."
"Trying to get your friends attention.."
"How I Feel When I Try To Tell People My Birthday Is April 1st"
"Whenever a problem arises on Reddit  I can't help but think of this."
"After days of searching and not being able to find any Generator  UPS or power inverter this is how i am going to face Hurricane Sandy"
"You just walked into the wrong neighborhood  Motherf#cker"
"Do not pass go  do not collect $200"
"The happiest thing i've seen all week."
"Calvin and Hobbes  26 years later"
"TIL that you can't spell amusement without..."
"You can't spell amusement without..."
"When die-hard fans loses the grip!"
"Every time i get down voted."
"Just realized I missed my cakeday"
"As someone who already voted  HIFW commercials continuously tell you to vote"
"Next Reddit Meetup"
"Meanwhile  in r/aww"
"I see your kitten pictures and raise you a baby ocelot"
"Those darn birds"
"killer whale kitty (x post from r/funny)"
"Killer pussy."
"King of the ocean"
"Found this on my Dad's computer  lol wut?"
"Killer Kitty"
"Wut"
"Shameow"
"Deadmau5 just posted this pic."
"Deadmau5 always has the best cat photos..."
"Just scrolling through some pictures when all of a sudden"
"Mi favorite face swap by far"
"Probaly a repost  but gotta love Seth Rogen"
"My reaction when I realize I'm the ONLY person in my class NOT using a MacBook."
"When I see somebody made a Facebook profile for their animal"
"How I feel about girls submitting to GW on Father's Day."
"MFW a close friend says Obama is a Muslim"
"Once-in-a-lifetime shot of 6 male lions. Quite bad ass"
"The Six Kings"
"Funny Youtube Comment"
"YouTube comments strike again"
"Where is his fame?"
"YouTube strikes again"
"YouTube at its best"
"Cat ping pong."
"It's the eye of the tiger  it's the thrill of the fight. Rising up to the challenge of our rival."
"could watch this all day"
"Cat Pong"
"Ping  pong  ping  pong."
"Bliss  in its purest form."
"Coming back to reddit after being away for a while..."
"How I feel when I come back to Reddit and all the links are blue:"
"COOOOOOKIE"
"My reaction to the new Resident Evil 6: Captivate Trailer."
"Life in a nutshell"
"Old Piano turned into outdoor fountain"
"Fuckin' cats"
"Cyanide and Happiness"
"Redditers and the Internet..."
"Today's c&amp;h relates to all us on here."
"How I imagine every redditor"
"Taking &quot;being a bro&quot; to a whole new level"
"Batman Poobrain"
"MFW when i realized it was my cakeday."
"Basically."
"my face when i come home from work and see my post on front page..."
"My reaction to seeing r/spacedicks for the first time"
"MFW I saw a picture of a Prince Albert piercing"
"Washington Coach Really Enjoys His Taffy"
"UW's defensive coordinator getting a little excited about what his wife has in store later"
"The origin of Seems Legit"
"dafuq Japan?"
"I believe this belongs here..."
"FELINE! DISRESPECT! FROM! BEHIND!"
"How I feel when attempting to make submissions on Reddit."
"Every time I try to get to the front page."
"Fat pain is fat"
"Cookies"
"Sports Arguments"
"How I feel trying to impress the opposite sex"
"Every single April Fool's Joke"
"Someone asked me today if I was ok with being immoral: My Response"
"Every time I see a post with &quot;It's my cake day&quot; in the title"
"When a customer complains that the kitchen is closed and its after 10:30pm"
"Today is my Cake Day  but I have so much homework"
"When I get bitched at on Facebook"
"When I'm arguing with someone and they're downvoting all my posts."
"I tried to put in my two weeks notice and my boss told me not to bother coming in the next day."
"So I told my friend about reddit"
"Pizza and Cookies  amIdoinitrite?"
"I'm not 100% sure but I think that I misread the directions."
"I think I did this wrong..."
"Pizza party time!"
"My reaction after a week without seeing my boyfriend."
"For your use."
"Guitar Lessons"
"For anyone who wants to learn the guitar for their new years resolution."
"Darth Bad Ass"
"Darth Bad Ass [x-post from pics]"
"What i like to do when Reddit is down"
"This is what I do after submitting a post on reddit  just like what I'm doing right now..."
"When I make a new post"
"Things on Facebook these days really make sense."
"Wait  wut? (Found on Facebook)"
"The shit that pops up on FB..."
"This are Mcnuggets before getting fried."
"Shark"
"Guess who didn't read the instruction manual"
"Cage divers confront a great white shark."
"Oh no! There are 2 humans trapped in that cage  don't worry humans  i'll save you!"
"I give you my coworker falling 20 feet onto concrete...he walked away"
"Eerie &amp; Beautiful"
"Russian Soldier Plays Abandoned Piano"
"Russian Soldier plays an abandoned Piano"
"War and music."
"A description of the complicated nature of relationships "
"I'm afraid we need to use.............math."
"never mess with his woman !"
"Thai busdriver"
"Ouch!"
"Bohemian Rhapsody...OMG! I know that song. It's from GLEE."
"I feel your pain  Voyager"
"Mind-blowingly perfect reflection [X/Whoadude]"
"Just a few kittens"
"Pirate under the sea"
"what partic's RCT1 park would be like."
"How I feel nearing 500 karma"
"HIFW I near 500 karma"
"When an interviewer asks why they should hire me  this is the first thing that always pops into my head."
"High-five? Fuck you."
"This kid. [Sorry if repost  never saw it before]"
"You spin me right round baby right round  like a dachshund baby..."
"How I keep my wiener entertained. [SFW]"
"Freeze! (NSFW)"
"This is the reason I'm leaving Facebook"
"facebook goes too far...."
"Ok  this shit is getting a little out of control. Saw this on my newsfeed. [FB]"
"This has gone too far."
"This just came up on my FB feed. They're playing hardball."
"This is getting a little extreme  Facebook."
"My Brain Is So Full of Fuck Right Now... Seriously  Facebook?"
"My grandmother understands the art of manipulation used on most popular facebook photos. She told me to make this one."
"Just came across this on Facebook..."
"It's just getting out of hand [Pulled from FB]"
"My girlfriend captioned this &quot;Well  that escalated quickly&quot;"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Well that escalated quickly."
"It's shit like this fb"
"Well that's just not fair"
"The Facebook &quot;Like this if&quot; posts are getting out of control..."
"Bye  Grandma!"
"poor Grandma ..."
"What I want to do after returning to work on Monday...."
"Leaving work on Fridays. Can you relate?"
"The minute I finish my last exam"
"To the window!"
"Just saw my crazy ex at a party."
"I've just seen a giant spider on my wall."
"When my family wanted to watch Real Housewives of NJ instead of Sunday night Football"
"Kitty...aww"
"Teaching marshmellow to roll over"
"Couldn't resist posting this!"
"Clearly the smartest cat in existence."
"So funny"
"Really beautiful photograph of Istanbul"
"Drunk guy vs stairs"
"Things have to a turn for the somber"
"Mad world"
"If I fits... I sits..."
"down+B"
"This just popped up on my Facebook stream and I need Reddit's help to find the original since it's awesome"
"This still is my favorite swap"
"When I prove all the haters wrong...."
"Tom Brady has a potty mouth."
"What I think whenever I click on a meme"
"Classy Tom Brady"
"When I get downvoted en masse"
"Unconventional USB drives."
"Pick your weapon."
"Guess there wasn't enough food in the ocean"
"Those guys over at 4chan are pretty good at photoshop."
"Earth from space"
"got your back bro"
"tl;dr: don't stab marines."
"He slipped and fell..."
"That's totally how it went down"
"What a clumsy thief."
"A different kind of relationship"
"WTF is wrong with some people..."
"Reddit HQ"
"HELLO. YES THIS IS CAT."
"Since the telemarketing business has been struggling  their persuasion methods have become more advanced."
"sadly it could't touch itself"
"Here  have a nightmare"
"Stitch doesn't give a ^&amp;%$."
"Gets me everytime"
"Had me in stitches."
"Smashing  Stitch!"
"If I was a judge in any of the women's gymnastics events"
"My reaction to my first hit of Sour Diesel"
"Map:If a countries population was relative to it's size"
"Just made this. Maybe one day this will be our view of the moon?"
"Maybe one day this will be our view of the moon? (x post from r/futurology)"
"This still gets me every time"
"Boy Meets World"
"Salvador Dali"
"Surreally good breakfast"
"Simplicity always wins."
"Science"
"I love Aperture Science"
"Kim Jong Il has died"
"When I realized that today was my cakeday..."
"Wake me up before you Carlton."
"It just seems to fit so well... and at the same time it doesn't"
"This painting is made of pure awesome sauce"
"Guess we don't have to go see the Wizard anymore..."
"[NSFW] Well that was fucking metal."
"iPod problems"
"iPod problems"
"Only take one oreo"
"The ultimate Oreo"
"Doctor said only one cookie per day?Challenge Accepted."
"Double Stuffed Is For Pussies"
"Oreos"
"Okay  I'll have just ONE Oreo."
"I find this... intriguing. (Sorry if repost)"
"The herbivores are always left out"
"Smile!"
"a little pink nose"
"Finally a cat worthy of r/wtf"
"Felt pretty awkward when I restarted my computer at the apple store and this was my screensaver."
"Raves nowadays. Whoa."
"Kids these days...."
"I wish I had this kind of confidence.."
"I don't think he knows what to do..."
"(Not sure if this has been posted) wtf"
"Table Manners."
"A fat Mel Gibson shows you how classy this picture is (nsfw)."
"What the hell is going on here?"
"Rednecks."
"Yearbook pictures of rock and metal icons. They got cooler with time  I guess."
"High School Yearbook Pictures of Rock and Metal Icons"
"High school yearbook pictures of rock icons"
"Same reason why i failed math.."
"Every time I try to do school related things.."
"Disney Presents..."
"Onions make you cry..."
"Ridley Scott's horse. Crosspost from r/pics."
"Your average redditor"
"Please make this into a meme"
"Who you gonna call?"
"drunk"
"When I go to the gym and there's a yoga class in progress [OC]"
"Louie CK on women's periods"
"Fucking wasp"
"Fuckin' wasps..."
"Ferris Bueller inspired street art in Raleigh  NC"
"Nice Battlestation Dude"
"When you see it..."
"Proof that blondes have more fun! (x-post from r/pics)"
"Realizing there is no toilet paper left"
"When the acid kicks in"
"How I feel as a third year college student arriving at a first year party."
"Challenge accepted"
"This really made me go D'awww"
"People who pre-loaded Borderlands 2  at 11:59PM on Monday night."
"Welcome To Internet Explorer"
"Welcome to the internets"
"My generation is awesome"
"FUCK"
"awwwwww baby long neck"
"Baby Giraffe"
"Baby Giraffe"
"This is how I feel sharing my cake day with Christmas"
"Forgot my cake day until right now  1 min before midnight..."
"How I feel as a poor college student with $0.37 to my name during the Steam Summer Sale"
"Seeing all the sales on steam and not being able to buy games because i don't have a credit card"
"How omegle feels with the sudden influx of trolls."
"Austin Texas  on the day I planned to actually go outside and hang out with my friends at a local natural spring..."
"How I felt tonight as a Breaking Bad fan who has Dish Network"
"I just found out that Steam summer sale ends one day before I get paid."
"Me all week.. Daughters birthday falling on the same week as steam sale."
"If it rains in the Olympic Ceremony."
"It's over."
"This is how I felt today after my fourth straight pizza delivery without receiving a tip in a torrential downpour."
"How I imagined Kurt after Wolfie Disappeared"
"mfw my OC gets no love yet half the posts on the front page are reposts"
"Fuck you and your emotional expectations."
"How I feel while browsing Reddit now after subscribing to just a few porn sub-reddits."
"No fapping you say?"
"Self-control Picard beats &quot;no fap september&quot;"
"Why didn't we elect this guy?"
"Ronald Raygun {1920x1080}"
"[Request] Could someone re-size this picture to (1366×768)"
"give this man two swords and we'll win every war."
"Meth is a hell of a drug"
"25 Years Later This Is Haymitch's Reaction To Losing His Family"
"How I feel finding out I'm sterile and incapable of having kids summed up in a gif"
"Learn how to walk they said... It'll be fun they said..."
"Learn how to walk they said... It'll be fun they said..."
"Why"
"She named him Dick."
"Justin Bieber pukes onstage"
"Justin Beiber auditioning for the Two Girls One Cup sequel"
"Just Shopping"
"Just Shopping"
"In my great city of Concord  North Carolina"
"Who let the dogs out"
"Sean connery doing the worm with a turtle."
"Just Sean Connery fucking a sea turtle."
"Joined a Photoshop Battle  things got weird... [.gif]"
"&quot;I want you to watch&quot; [.gif] x-post r/photoshopbattles"
"A simile like no other."
"Pretty much every time I'm in a sauna."
"Soon."
"Just when I thought Baltimore couldn't get any worse."
"Scissors Beat Paper"
"Haunter used mean look"
"Haunter used MEAN LOOK(gif)"
"This is what I do  when an Elite 4 uses Full Restore when I'm about to faint their pokemon"
"Optical Illusion!"
"Optical illusion"
"Optical Illusion"
"The quality isn't great  but d'awwwwww"
"Forget the lame caption. This is by far one of the the cutest kittens I've ever seen. Look at those eyes."
"I honestly tried  but I couldn't resist. Who could possibly resist this face?"
"Sorry for the quality but  d'awww"
"Someone divided by zero"
"Surf's Up in Tahiti"
"No  I didn't know that."
"meanwhile in africa"
"Just got married!"
"Africa."
"I...I don't know what is happening."
"Bro  do you even thrift?"
"when you realize you missed your first cake day"
"‡Long Live The Dead Throne‡"
"Real Life Jedi!!"
"Listening to my girlfriend tell me about her bad day. Suddenly  she drops a graphic comment about her period."
"City worker trying to repair a broken pipe in Caracas  Venezuela."
"mexican cat"
"Deep Blue Sea in real life"
"Shark Infested Mall? 0_o"
"Yoga Fire!"
"How I feel moving back in with parents."
"Googled my user name. Got this"
"Shut the f**k up Rick!"
"Stfu Rick."
"Yea  I run into her alot."
"Chinese take-out like you've never seen before. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Greetings earthlings."
"You have done well human minion  the Great Cat Overlord is pleased with you!"
"My friends cat Selma"
"Essay Rage"
"Minecraft"
"When I try posting to Reddit"
"Stop the Report!"
"Next is Holly with today's weather  Holly?"
"I will do this to my kids  thanks for the idea internet!"
"This one you have to watch 4 times (okay...maybe just 3) [NSFW]"
"Greatest GIF Ever nsfw"
"replying to an angry email"
"Paper is due in one hour."
"Me trying to play QWOP"
"I'm just gonna leave this right here..."
"What I do when the boss is walking by to make it look like I'm working."
"Zac Efron lets Vanessa walk first to let people know how amazing she is. Will Smith does this."
"How Will presents his wife."
"The Redditor's Apprentice"
"So Reddit awards karma for each cat... UNLIMITED KARMAA"
"Fresh from the Reddit factory!"
"What floating like a butterfly looks like."
"How I Feel Seeing Women Avoiding Cameras At Parties"
"How I feel being a Patriots fan in New York"
"Arcade boss."
"We all love the arcade. Not as much as this kid."
"Sometimes I just can't handle cuteness of this magnitude..."
"Just studying at the cafe"
"Well  this is a little much"
"Shhh guise  I'm on the hunt."
"Here fishy fishy fishy.."
"Showed up on on Facebook feed!"
"Facebook has done it again..."
"Who does that?"
"Friend posted this to FB thought it was pretty funny."
"Don't look down."
"What's so strange about garlic?"
"Was I just insulted by a sweater?"
"So I think this is relevant again..."
"September's Aurora"
"Forever alone guy has left the building"
"Go Magikarp!"
"Don't know why i have thread from /b/"
"I found this gem in r/4chan."
"I just... don't know anymore."
"Zero ideas about wtf this is but it still makes more sense than &quot;the birds and the bees&quot;"
"What the actual fuck?"
"Applause"
"He just wants a hug!"
"Why do I find this funny?"
"&quot;Don't settle for cheap plastic&quot;"
"Just Samsung trolling. Haters gonna hate."
"Samsung; &quot;It doesn't take a genius.&quot;"
"I see Samsung's done an ad to have a dig at the iPhone 5  but most people that want to buy it see it like this:"
"Samsung; &quot;It doesn't take a genius&quot; - FIXED"
"What the new Samsung/Apple comparison should look like."
"Take That Apple!"
"I don't why this is so funny. But I'm still laughing."
"TIL: This used to be called something else."
"Jumpolines"
"Frisch's Big Boy should make an XL."
"Jacoby Jones TD dance"
"I got a dolla hey hey hey hey"
"Great Touchdown Dance"
"I think all cats want this"
"Pretty much"
"Can somebody please make a mod for slender like this? (yes I know this photo was posted already)"
"We all felt this way. (Not sure if repost.)"
"O_O wow!"
"Take chances  make mistakes...and get messy?"
"How did i not see this before?!?"
"Mind = Blown!!!"
"Just look at them..."
"Obi-wan don't give a fuck."
"Dammit Goat  you're drunk."
"When a teammate goes down trying to revive me"
"What it felt like waking up after daylight savings time ended"
"How i feel after a long nap"
"How I feel after returning to the front page after reading a thread with over 1k comments"
"Fucking every time I have to write the date after New Year's"
"How I felt when I woke up this morning"
"Woke up this morning ......"
"Passed out at a party last night. When I woke up..."
"Writing checks to pay my bills..."
"mfw I'm single for the first time in 2 and a half years."
"Me after finding the exit in IKEA yesterday"
"My reaction to how much support the contraception bill in Arizona is having right now."
"Whenever I hear about discrimination against homosexuals"
"After browsing the new reddit time machine for too long.."
"How I feel now the power is back on after a 1 hour power cut."
"How I feel when I go shopping with my Girlfriend"
"When I'm at page 15 on r/funny"
"After playing PokeMMO"
"Every time i see an antique car..."
"This is exactly the process i go through when posting something to Reddit."
"My attempt on getting on the first page"
"I got this  I got this...OH SHIT..SHIT!"
"What an Entrance [gif]"
"Every time I try to show off in public..."
"Ahhh that really hurts"
"How cute is that?"
"Gotcha"
"Deep..."
"One of my favorite games from my childhood."
"Balancing Act"
"dog chain surfing"
"Re-watching the entire series from the beginning  I had forgotten about this and it made me laugh quite a bit."
"I GOT ACCEPTED TO HARVARD!!!"
"The best Spongebob gif from one of the best episodes ever"
"Sometimes Spongebob worries me..."
"I don't remember Spongebob being this scary"
"This made me pee my pants the first time I saw it..."
"at 20 i find this terrifying  I don't know how kids can do it"
"Skrillex and Spongebob"
"Elephants got hugge [NSFW]"
"Not a single fuck was.............wait. (crosspost)(nsfw)"
"Thought you Ents would like this"
"Mind=Blown"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Halp."
"That's AWFUL"
"BREAKING: Jordan's response to Lebron comparisons after Dallas wins the championship"
"If Only Everything in Life was as Reliable as a Jordan"
"Oh  i was looking for the round red things"
"Long Yellow Things"
"23 years ago today."
"Incredible &quot;painting&quot; of light and shadow."
"A new kind of shadow art"
"Shadow Art"
"SHADOW PATH"
"Paints with Shadows and Light"
"For your wallpaper pleasure."
"Wish this was easier for some theists to grasp"
"Where can i buy this!?"
"The rage comic fad summed up in three panels."
"True Story"
"The current state of internet humor"
"Yes Dr. Kloepneckler  the vagina is indeed an amazing machine [SFW]"
"It's either very good  or very bad  to be known as a world famous gynecologist"
"A pity indeed."
"true story"
"The worlds best engine"
"World's smallest elephant  trying to survive."
"You're not the father  let's do the zoidberg dance"
"My reaction when I beat my friends in any video game."
"you are not the father.."
"How I feel getting to the front page"
"70 yard touchdown run set to rage faces..."
"Football + Rage Face"
"Nope  not this time. (FIXED)"
"Juked them hard"
"Not everyone loves Halloween"
"Tommy  This is Your New Little Brother..."
"Parent of the year award goes to..."
"Random laughter is always good"
"No laser pointers please."
"Love story (The End)!"
"r/christianhumor"
"As an Atheist with a PhD in Astrophysics and Theology  this is how I feel when talking to fundies."
"When I see a comment I came to leave has already been down voted"
"On a coffee break at work  a fundie says that evolution is just a theory  someone then points out that so is gravity. I was really hoping this would happen"
"Crazy old girlfriend tracked me down at my work today"
"me with no money as the steam daily sale silently ticks down"
"When I net more comment karma on a bs novelty account than on my actual account."
"When my parents tell me they looked through my internet history at the diner table."
"When I'm In A Group And Someone Mentions 9GAG"
"Trying to convince a room full of iSheep that my Galaxy S3 is vastly superior."
"Whenever people tell me Mitt Romney would make a good president."
"When I manage to get a Nickelback song stuck in my head."
"So  My phone got stolen  I was forced to spend all day with my GF and her parents  and I woke up this morning and found out yesterday was my cakeday..."
"When I Find Out the Girl I Dated Less Then a Year Ago is Now Engaged."
"Visiting this site as a conservative."
"When my parents ask me about my dating life at the dinner table."
"simple but effective troll"
"Halloween is in a couple months  don't forget the best method for trolling the little ones."
"Slow clap with onions"
"Me after The Dark Knight Rises."
"[TED SPOILER] When I saw the airplane spoof scene while watching TED"
"How do you people feel about polar bears?"
"Girls are so dainty."
"If only queefs were like this...."
"I....just....um  I don't know what to say"
"'MERICA !!!!"
"'Merica"
"Just Nick Cage as an s&amp;m Superman is all..."
"So I started learning Photoshop today..."
"i can run faster than a centaur"
"This is truly inspirational"
"Warnings on toilets."
"The most important lesson to learn from 9/11. Never forget that:"
"The most important lesson to learn from 9/11. Never forget that:"
"Science flies you to the moon  religion flies you into buildings."
"Science flies you to the moon..."
"Science vs Religion!"
"Science vs Religion"
"Hyper realistic pumpkin carving by Ray Villafane"
"Ray Villafane...MASTER PUMPKIN CARVER"
"What are you doing？？？"
"Playtime is over for you two"
"Who knew cats like slides?"
"how i feel when i have eat a delicious home cooked meal for the first time in a long time."
"Brothers can be such a pain in the ass sometimes..."
"9 ways guys pee."
"When you do meth you become a celebrity."
"The greatest photo in the world"
"Animals reactions to being placed inside a cardboard box"
"Animals and Cardboard Boxes"
"After bad posts on r/wtf"
"After seeing a comic I was planing to post on the front page"
"Lady killer"
"Smile for the camera!"
"Every time I break a pot in Zelda.."
"Alcohol under a microscope"
"Oh god don't stop  don't stop!"
"How could we have been so wrong."
"Right in the childhood."
"It had to be done"
"Hmmmm..."
"I Fear Nothing."
"Everything that light touches is our kingdom"
"You can be anything your heart desires."
"FOR NARNIAAAAAAAAAAAWW."
"King of the internet"
"I always have the urge to do this once I see my pets tongue!!!"
"Chocolate From Every Orifice"
"Chocolate-from-Every-Orifice Man"
"Browsing /r/new"
"90% of the time browsing r/funny"
"Most of the time browsing the new stuff on r/funny."
"The top half is probably more likely to be true."
"Stereotypes"
"Googled &quot;'merica.&quot; Was not dissappointed."
"When a stranger smiles at me and I try to smile back"
"Owl Quartet"
"Oh no you Di-int"
"Just some baby owls being awesome."
"Oh no he didn't"
"I hope stuff like this makes you feel better about yourselves"
"Friendzone level: car"
"1 millisecond after nuclear detonation"
"A nuclear explosion 1 millisecond after detonation. It is 20 meters in diameter."
"Nuclear test photographed less than a millisecond after explosion [922x852]"
"It's easy when I pull out my pussy."
"How to get a female redditor into your pants"
"Morgan Freeman Chain of Command"
"Morgan Freeman chain of command"
"The Morgan Freeman chain of command."
"Shocking"
"Oh Zeus!"
"70 Lightening Strikes In One Shot"
"70 Lightning Strikes In One Shot"
"Intense Storm Is Intense"
"WW2 fully explained in a gif"
"learned history in 2 minutes"
"World War Two  video game style"
"If WWII was a online game."
"World war II in a gif"
"WW2 summary (GIF)"
"Best Gif ever."
"Slothstronaut"
"Seriously!!??"
"Odessa Theater - The Alps  Switzerland"
"Too many puns for my brain to process at once"
"This angel has a bright future ahead of her."
"D:"
"This is very helpful"
"When I get an upvote"
"When I noticed my comment karma had gone from 2 to 46 in a couple hours..."
"They say I could be anyone when I grew up. It's not true"
"Every time my post starts climbing up..."
"&quot;Puffy&quot; the World's Ugliest Cat"
"Whenever I try to make my cat pose for cute pictures"
"It's a bad feeling..."
"How I feel on my cakeday trying to compete with Fathers' Day posts"
"Giant melon sling gone wrong."
"My attempts at reaching the front page..."
"After I have posted my favorite gif  then realize someone posted the same thing a day earlier"
"Guess which one the Bible's OK with? [pic]"
"Morality"
"Morality."
"CSI technology"
"Image technology is so good these days"
"Catwoman is on her period...."
"Oh dear..."
"Back to roots? Hm... Ah."
"When posts on Reddit restate a joke on T.V. with multiple screenshots of the scene and captions."
"My reaction when I found the new submissions tab."
"My reaction after going onto One Million Moms.com"
"My reaction after going onto onemillionmoms.com (x-post from /r/atheism)"
"Asked my dad if he wanted to hang out on father's day..."
"Deadbeat dad asks me to hang out on fathers day..."
"My friend just pronounced Reddit &quot;Read-It.&quot;"
"Whenever I hear Dubstep at a bar..."
"Being from California and seeing how much other Ents have to pay for trees"
"My reaction to most of the comments in r/gonewild"
"When there's pulp in my orange juice..."
"Just looked through all my drunk texts this weekend."
"gif dump"
"This Guy Was Just Arraigned For Shooting An Anchorage Alaska Cop"
"An Impossible ass"
"an unreal set of butt cheeks"
"Those crazy  beautiful Russians."
"Those crazy  beautiful Russians."
"TED  saxing the night away"
"what do you guys think of the background I edited?"
"Why Brain... Why."
"Why Brain...Why?"
"Is that a.. but he's not going to... OH SHIT"
"WAT."
"Fatty Ball Z"
"What have I just seen?"
"What have I just seen? (x-post from r/gifs)"
"I'm sorry  what?"
"Internet poke (probably repost but I dont know how to imange search to check)"
"the unseen side of harry potter"
"Oh Harry..."
"POW! Right in the vagina (SFW)"
"Prepare to cringe"
"He's in for one nasty time-out"
"Quite simply  a baby sloth hugging a toy giraffe"
"Super hug-able sloth"
"Any love for the cutest darn sloth in the world?"
"The cutest sloth in the world!"
"-OH SHIT!"
"Everytime I try to do anal with my girlfriend."
"Atheists got it right (x-post from /r/atheism)"
"Seeing everything about Borderlands 2  went fully pre-order without playing the first one."
"Where do I get my free Karma?"
"Reddit today."
"Good advertising??"
"Ringo being Ringo"
"I hope their parents can't hear through those walls..."
"Album of twenty incredible street art."
"My new wallpaper"
"this is how i feel when people bash gay people..."
"How i feel about reposts"
"My Face When Someone Makes It To The Front Page Posting Something I Already Posted"
"Everytime I watch Leo DiCaprio NOT get an award."
"Whenever someone gets more upvotes than me on a link I already posted..."
"Another rage GIF to add to your collection."
"May the force be with whomever she’s hexing"
"Every single experience I have with Uplay"
"Dramatic face expression"
"After my boss gives me extra work  then walks away."
"When I come home to see my roommates eating my food."
"My reaction to every redditor that downvotes my posts to oblivion"
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 9 minutes.&quot;"
"A Pouting Bunny"
"What would someone title a gif like this one?"
"Words escape me..."
"Blissful Shoe Dancing."
"Blissful shoes."
"Since everyone liked Grumpy Cat here are a few more"
"I finally figured out who that cat reminds me of..."
"More pictures of the original grumpy cat [x-post r/pics]"
"Grumpy cat not so grumpy after all."
"MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!"
"This is how I plan on seducing girls"
"How they train Astronauts after budget cuts"
"I'm always the first to put these"
"chair wants to spin."
"Adding this to my bucket list..."
"Making candy with science!"
"Went to the sprint store and this was a contact on one of the demo phones"
"Owls. You freak me out."
"Just moved into a new room  found this  I know what I'm doing for the rest of the day."
"He's got a point."
"The victims got to meet Christain Bale..."
"Three beers please!"
"It sees what she did"
"Still my favourite picture"
"How I feel when I tell jokes from reddit to my friends"
"does your working station look like this?"
"When I Got My Driver's License..."
"Getting your license at 16"
"When I wake up after sleeping through a six hour car trip"
"This cat can party"
"Woah A Cat"
"First time in a coffee shop in Amsterdam at [0]"
"Okay  first impressions when playing Black Mesa Source: this was me during the tram intro..."
"Every post on /r/TwoXChromosomes/ in a nutshell."
"We all need a son like this."
"Now that's what I call a troll-son.."
"Fuck the police"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Trolling the Police"
"At last! A ticket I can support!"
"Epic Goldfish"
"I said &quot;what the fuck&quot; out loud."
"This bridge in Newport News is almost underwater"
"James River bridge in Newport News VA is almost gone"
"The James River Bridge in Virginia today."
"The James River Bridge (VA) is almost under water thanks to Hurricane Sandy"
"I think it's time to hit the gym"
"Whenever I see someone driving the same car as me!"
"Whoever upvotes when I'm at 0."
"Whenever my comment only gets one other upvote..."
"As a Steelers fan living in Philly  this is my reaction every time I see someone with a Steelers shirt on"
"Whenever I see a stranger with the same t-shirt on as me. [FIXED]"
"The look I would give my friend in high school when my teacher would say that we need partners."
"Whenever someone mentions they are Canadian in comments"
"After seeing another male in Victoria's Secret when I'm with a girl"
"When you see someone wearing a jersey of your favorite team"
"When my best friend brings Sour Patch Watermelons to the movies."
"When I see the only other white dude at Popeye's"
"Fuck the police"
"As a college Freshmen searching for my major."
"Playing golf with my coworkers"
"Fuck your Flamingos"
"Hipster Jesus"
"Kid Takes It Twice For The Team"
"A real team player"
"Double head shot"
"Summer reading as a kid"
"Dance Vader"
"How I handle long jargon filled software license agreements"
"Whenever someone posts a long wall of text"
"Darth Vader is the fuckin' man!"
"Gangsta Vader"
"fit surprisingly well"
"Internet trends"
"chased by monkeys"
"Found on campus last week: Rape 101"
"Holy mother of god"
"The Hero Reddit Deserves  Not the one it needs"
"Holy cats  Batman!"
"Jimmies"
"Dear r/funny  sometimes  you just make me go.."
"Death by chocolate"
"You will never look at chocolate the same..."
"My sisters friend made this. Thought reddit would like it."
"Fuck Older Siblings"
"Wait for it... wait for... that kid is going places."
"How did he... wait... what..."
"My ball sense is tingling."
"Why can't he do that in the game?"
"Please sir..."
"Rest in peace  good friend."
"Found this on a friends FB... RIP Twinkie."
"We mourn in this time of passing."
"Sometimes 4chan is actually funny"
"Let's go  boy!"
"Eli Manning meets Arrested Development"
"Empty seat next to hot girl in class. Some other guy beats me to the seat."
"First thing I thought of when I saw Eli hang his head after the missed FG"
"1.21 gigawatts  meet 187 quintillion gallons of water: Lightning on the Pacific [Pic]"
"Smooth moves."
"'Request' This picture as (1920x1080)"
"How I feel after some Cinnamon Toast Crunch"
"Vaccuming the corgi"
"Hug it out"
"I heard you guys like cats."
"One hell of a hug."
"Who doesnt love hugs?"
"The Computer Doctors.."
"just a cup o' cuteness"
"the fuck you say to me?!"
"Who ate the damn pizza rolls?"
"Hey seXy lady!"
"Oppa X-men Style"
"Wolverine and Psy"
"I think he underestimated a bit too much"
"Too Slow"
"That moment you get left hanging on national tv"
"You don't have to like golf to appreciate this."
"The best part of The Masters"
"Smoothest man in golf"
"How to deal with an awkward situation"
"Easy Access"
"BedSheet Twister.. Genius."
"I need this..."
"Tha-a-a-a-at's the spo-o-o-ot"
"Whenever I ask for the shampoo after getting my hair cut"
"He's gone mad..."
"My mom  walking in on my &quot;private time&quot; when I was a teen"
"Let it go man... the lawnmower is gone."
"I hate when that happens"
"To infinity... and beyond!"
"gotta go fast!"
"When I got my first smart phone few days ago  after using regular text/call cell phones for about 10yrs."
"Nothing to see here!"
"Caught in the act"
"US vs the Rest of the World"
"Facebook rage"
"I'm seriously starting to hate facebook"
"Vicious puppy attack!"
"Sweet"
"Puppy nose bite"
"The funniest moment on scrubs"
"Meeting my Mom's new boyfriend today"
"When I see a redditor in real life"
"As a unlucky redditor  this is how I feel every time I get upvoted."
"Glitter"
"Border between Netherlands and Belgium in Baarle-Nassau."
"The border between The Netherlands and Belgium crosses right trough a restaurant in Baarle."
"This picture always presses my giggle button."
"Nobody tells me what i can't do"
"Tiny legged cat. I WANT."
"I present to Reddit... The Corgi-Cat"
"Oil companies drool when they see this..."
"How you know it's move in time in a college town [FIXED]"
"The Douche"
"This is a book."
"This is perhaps the pinnacle of literary art"
"When you see it  LG logo"
"Mind = Blown (LG Pacman)"
"Anyone else noticed this?"
"I've got to try this."
"What the fuck dude!"
"How I feel when I talk to my grandmother while tripping on acid."
"ENDLESS  TERRIFYING GRANDMA"
"what the fuck"
"wat"
"the second I clicked start game on SLENDER."
"Making a political post on Facebook after a few drinks."
"Kitty Spooning Kitty"
"&quot;So only one beer per person you say? Okay then  I'll bring the cups.&quot;"
"What is your favorite gif ever? Here's mine..."
"AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
"Haaaa-aaaa-aaa-AAAA"
"This fits so much!"
"Bloodlines"
"Horse of Pain"
"I have a sign."
"I lol'd."
"Andy Murray looking intense"
"Reddit had it coming"
"Shaved guinea pigs look like baby hamsters (x-post from Pics)"
"OM NOM NOM"
"A flower with 80 000 volts running through it"
"Please bitch  I'm the boss"
"Things to do when the internet is down"
"ok I quit"
"Well...FUCK!"
"Target needs to review delivery procedures [gif]"
"I quit.."
"The only college where you can major in redundancy"
"Mad cow disease"
"This Christmas...."
"This Christmas...."
"This picture is creeping me the fuck out."
"Something seems off.."
"When I find out the girl I like loves one direction"
"Biden is sleeping on the couch tonight"
"Oh  Joe."
"Isn't this why the VP can't go back to Dave and Busters?"
"THIS is the best picture of the vice president ever"
"You can call me Joe"
"What would the outcome be if the secret service was not there?"
"I like where this is going"
"Uncle Joe is looking for a ride!"
"Creepy Biden is Creepy giving Creepy Backrub"
"VP is really testing the limits of the Secret Service."
"VP Joe Biden buddies up to bikers in Ohio"
"Joe Biden is Playa from the Himalaya! Brothas upset!"
"Not sure what's going on here..."
"Biden is lucky that guy is an ordained minister..."
"&quot;You think Obama carries a big stick..&quot;"
"Troll President"
"What is the Vice President thinking?"
"Oh Biden  you!"
"While Obama was getting bear-hugged  Biden was...well  I don't know."
"Pizza Cat (in space)"
"My only thoughts on my first day at the beach this year..."
"My cat cannot be more subtle."
"Say Uncle!"
"Sleeping in school."
"No sleeping"
"Maybe?"
"wat"
"I just can't stop laughing at this"
"Why was this an option to someone? [NSFW]"
"Sorry to do this to you guys (GORE)"
"OHMYGODSTAHP!"
"When my ex calls me saying her new boyfriend doesn't treat her well like I did[x-post /r/reactiongifs]"
"I chase these things all the time"
"Saxophone"
"Oh how wrong you were..."
"Title says it all really.."
"Teddy Roosevelt Shooting Bigfoot."
"'Merica!"
"Teddy Roosevelt shooting Bigfoot. That is all."
"And that's why we drive of the right side of the road..."
"Hey Reddit! This is a collection of 35 wallpapers. Use them as you wish  because they're certainly worth using!"
"When I'm trying to hold my urine in public"
"Pretty much sums it up"
"Another reason why you shouldn't break someone's wrist."
"Me at level 60 when i actually get an upgrade from a drop."
"When I've finally escaped the friend zone."
"A girl I like said she wants to have sex"
"randomly checked my account and it turns out i've earned 180 karma from one comment after 9 months of having none"
"Checking your karma in the morning and discovering you actually made a successful post"
"Dogman thing and needles what is this I don't even-"
"Just the slender-man."
"Sometimes  you just don't have words for what you want to say."
"Grammar Lesson of the Day!"
"Whenever somebody on Reddit spells something wrong."
"A Quick Grammar Lesson"
"Cafe slogan"
"The fun you can have with an air bed...ouch."
"Watch out for the ceiling."
"It's almost as if M. Night made this himself"
"Let's get lost tonight"
"Blasphemy!!"
"Fairy Tales"
"Mars [1552 x 1552]"
"In honor of what occurred tonight."
"Scar in the Red Planet"
"Legolas Polka"
"Playing Skyrim as an archer"
"Can someone change the arrows to downvotes?"
"Second try at a downvote gif."
"How I feel on r/new"
"New downvote gif  (x-post from r/pics)"
"How I feel when my friend is getting more upvotes on a post than me"
"How I feel on r/new"
"What it's like browsing r/new"
"Oh Samuel..."
"It's been a while...it's just nice to see ron cut loose [repost]"
"Totally worth it"
"1990 - 2011  I see a shift"
"Who wants milk?"
"Who likes cats that look like Hitler?"
"One reason  of many  why I LOVE Community."
"Annie's Boobs"
"Repost"
"A penguin that balance on a soccer ball!"
"Adaptation"
"Nicolas cage as a baby."
"I googled nick cage  and was not disappointed.."
"Not all babies are cute..."
"That moment when everyone bows their heads to pray and you find out who the other atheists in the room are."
"HIFW someone drops the soap"
"Recon puppy"
"Taking a Break.."
"Dog enjoying the view."
"President Obama chased away from his desk in the Oval Office -- photo by Pete Souza"
"Julian Assange's new desk."
"Fatdolf Eatler"
"Hippolas Cage"
"He can be anything!"
"this popped up on my news feed"
"My dad got new pain medication today...he sent me this."
"One hippo destined to rule them all"
"Alan Moore is a man of many hats..."
"So what do you do for a living?"
"LOL JK"
"Whatcha thinking about Bear?"
"Whatcha Thinking Bout?"
"How I feel when deleting a comment on reddit"
"Attempted Vice Presidential Swag"
"Attempted Vice Presidential Swag"
"Joe Biden in Florida."
"Rebellious Asian"
"Oh  Asian people."
"My boyfriend got me really good. Read the first letter of every line. (The last part goes on to say 'you raging atheist')"
"cowafuckingbunga"
"Motherfucking Cthulhu"
"Chat Rooms."
"Come on Kitty  do something for the camera!"
"Come on kitty  do something for the camera!"
"Yum!"
"Did someone say carrots? [FIXED]"
"MAGIC! [fixed]"
"It's Magic! [xpost from r/funny]"
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"woah what did I miss?!?"
"Thought this was in the wrong sub (x-post funny)"
"LiveJasmin"
"Woah what did I miss?"
"Woah what did I miss?"
"There just aren't any words for this level of cute"
"Otter ball!"
"Handful of otter"
"You got a friend in me."
"Shackles of religion"
"30 Dr. Seuss quotes that can change your life!"
"Reddit: When You Have Cats"
"This gif needs no explanation"
"I don't even know what to say.."
"best of luck on your endeavors!"
"My brother just moved to Indonesia. This was our conversation after he told me he ate bat."
"Treyshon?"
"Whenever i get in a fight with a little sibling"
"Just a hippopotamus pulled cart."
"That hippo looks pissed (xpost)"
"Hello friend"
"Overly Attached Water"
"Overly attached Water"
"Overly attached water"
"Important hydration PSA."
"DJ Cat Scratch"
"What do you think Mr. T is daydreaming about?"
"I think Mr. T may be a redditor"
"gravity is only for puny humans"
"Cat levitation level: Boss"
"A levitating cat"
"Instagram behind the scenes"
"How an internet stars is born."
"how look at my friends instagram pics"
"Instagram; What really happens"
"Pretty much how yesterday went!"
"Welcome to the internets. Be safe  and enjoy your stay."
"Am I doing it right?"
"Reverse 9/11"
"If someone threatend me I will trick him like this..."
"THE MANLIEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN!!!"
"So i searched this is reddit on google... Number 3 result"
"The Meaning Of Reddit [FIXED]"
"The Whole Of The Internet Condensed Into One Image ."
"Pretty much sums up Reddit."
"To the front page!"
"To the front page!"
"Go crazy reddit"
"Failure"
"You'd think they would have learnt their lesson..."
"Misfortune never comes alone."
"When the hotel I'm staying in charges for WiFi"
"2 stoners in a car..."
"Best way to avoid a speeding ticket"
"All hope in humanity is lost [FB]"
"Another one of those days."
"After Reddit finally came back online  I realized.."
"During the recent downtime  I felt like this.."
"[HIFW] I spend too much time on Reddit..."
"I have done nothing productive"
"I don't wanna work!"
"Every Sunday night..."
"Pls no..."
"A lot of love went into making this."
"Lead it Be."
"The Watcher."
"carpool lane"
"And can I get that Supersized?"
"WTF/Funny  not sure where this goes...."
"Faith In God"
"Faith in god...."
"Bunnies ...in sweaters."
"Presenting to the Internet...bunnies in sweaters!"
"TIGER PIGS!!"
"No  I haven't seen Dwilight. I prefer Dwitanic  anyways."
"Today I Learned The Continents of The World Can be Re-arranged Into a Rooster"
"Advanced Geography"
"Seagrass"
"Nope."
"Kelpthulu"
"NOPE."
"Obama the boss"
"Obama gives a downvote"
"I DONT KNOW WHAT TO PUT AS A TITLE"
"64=65?"
"what kind of sorcery is this?"
"64 = 65"
"Too excited."
"Derp dog!"
"Scary thought(crime?)..."
"D-Fence"
"Hoo boy  sports fans! You're in for an exciting matchup today!"
"Those pins really do put up quite the fight."
"well  is it?"
"When my posts don't do good on reddit"
"When I meet an idiot sometimes all I wanna say..."
"Hmm... Interesting"
"I Don't Know What They're Getting At?"
"Oops...?"
"Toss the baby they said..."
"H-Bomb on Surface Ships  Bikini Islands"
"I guess it's a matter of perception."
"How he got his pants"
"rike dis"
"The Revenge of the Rabbits [NSFW]"
"You go to 4chan for just a few minutes..."
"Open season... for humans!"
"Open season... for humans! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Happy Veterans Day. Merica'."
"The witness must be a redditor."
"When a 3-day-old comment/post is still receiving karma"
"After a tough day..."
"Sad cat is sad."
"What the fuck am I doing with my life (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Some of those days..."
"How I felt after Cinco de Mayo..."
"Depressed cat is depressed"
"how i feel when the internet is gonna be down till tomorrow"
"SAD KITTY IS SAD"
"So ronery (xpost from r/gifsound)"
"How I feel watching all these fit athletes at the Olympics"
"My cakeday didn't go as expected"
"Punctuation is important."
"How I imagine Panda Combat in the new WoW Expansion"
"How I imagine Panda Combat in the new WoW Expansion"
"You can't."
"finish him"
"finish him"
"how i feel trying to finish up homework before the super bowl starts"
"Master of Destruction"
"monday morning."
"When A post I work hard on doesn't get recognised"
"This is what I get for typing in a random imgur URL..."
"How I feel about approaching every college paper I have ever been assigned within the first hour of starting them."
"How I reacted when I realized I missed my cake day by one day"
"Me during the last 15 minutes of work on my last day."
"Doing my algebra homework"
"When I miss my cake day by 24 minutes..."
"What I feel like when I wake up for school"
"How I feel on day 2 of no fap September"
"how I feel while trying to write a paper"
"When all my posts do awful"
"When all my posts do awful"
"When my comment gets downvoted to oblivion because someone lied in a reply to my comment."
"How I feel as a sports fan in Kansas City."
"When I do a research report wrong and have to do it all over again"
"My reaction after having 20 posts and just 6 karma."
"How I felt getting 6 karma today."
"Hurricane Sandy Canceled My Classes"
"How I feel starting my homework on a weekend and then realizing there's no school the next day"
"Yeah!!"
"Skaters Gonna Skate"
"So i played Poppy for the first time today...'nuff said."
"The feeling of winning an internet fight."
"Cute picture of Mary Kate Olsen and her 42 year old boyfriend."
"I wonder what she's looking at?"
"Imagine if someone replaced the beans in your beanbag with this"
"Obama On a Poll"
"Obama rollin"
"Head of the mutha fuckin state!"
"Sk8er 'Bama"
"Obama ridin' dirty"
"Obama rocking the skateboard"
"Whenever people start fighting in a FB thread I've commented on..."
"My ex just changed her relationship status to in a relationship [FIXED]"
"How I feel about the Karmanaut/Shittywatercolour drama"
"How I felt as a German watching Euro 2012 Finale"
"me watching the opening scene of Savages"
"to sum up reddit in a single gif."
"When I see a political/religious post on facebook"
"How r/aww sees every post"
"War"
"So it goes."
"brb  dying of cute-overload"
"The Child of Thornberry"
"I've always thought it would be so awesome if there were little people like this"
"How does he stop?"
"apparently the formula is less legs = more karma"
"Teacup"
"Hey Ladies we got us a fight going on that's a good bit of fun."
"Logged in this morning and saw my post on the front page."
"You replied to my comment  here's an upvote for you kind sir..."
"When my buddy has my back in an argument"
"GTFO"
"Ladies and Gentlemen...my University"
"I've always been curious about how giraffes slept (Now I know) [PIC]"
"This subreddit lacks a sufficient amount of giraffes"
"Why kids need to be supervised for science fair experiments."
"so thats what the inside of one looks like"
"Researchers in New Zealand provide little glass shells as homes for hermit crabs."
"As an INTP  I am guilty of this sort of thought process."
"yeah  thats what would have happened..."
"So THAT'S what it would have been like"
"McDowell/Ledger/Pitt. The Kubrick Stare"
"A real nigga haiku"
"How to dissuade people from ringing your doorbell."
"sparky has a new home  but..."
"Drove past this place today"
"Drove past this place today... Had a laugh"
"Drove past this place today... Had a laugh"
"Self-portrait  March 3rd 2012"
"This isn't quite the Pokemon I remember from my childhood."
"Cincinnati  I am in you and just tried your chili."
"Spongebob  no!!"
"Who lives in teenage girls underpants!"
"Sponge it up bob."
"Apparently  &quot;she's too dumb for this stuff.&quot;"
"There's a kid on this bug."
"Honey  there is a kid on our bug..."
"BRING IT ON SANDY!"
"Random Imgur links presents: Mustard Guy!"
"dude  where did my shoes go?"
"Fuck"
"When an enemy corners you and you have low health"
"wtf r u lookin at?....(also check out the label)"
"I laughed much harder than necessary."
"Could you compliment the cook for me please?"
"Hitting the gym."
"Shut up and sleep with me"
"She'll be in shape in no time..."
"She like to move it"
"FEEL THE BURN!"
"Bro  do you even lift?"
"I googled &quot;pissed off cat&quot;; found this monstrosity instead"
"Hurr Durr Derp"
"Puss in boots"
"How I feel driving without my Cycling shoes"
"Got new shoes. This is how I feel."
"What I look like trying to walk when my feet fall asleep after browsing Reddit for a few hours."
"Dogs mid shake by Carli Davidson (x-post from r/aww)"
"What hurricane Sandy does to dogs..."
"Exactly how I feel when I get pulled onto the dance floor at a party (PIC)"
"Seems like..."
"Parenting: You're doing it wrong."
"So  what's the story behind this image?"
"One Hell of a Party"
"Partying With Grandma."
"Partying with Grandma"
"How I feel trying to study for finals right now..."
"An Atheist versus Christianity..."
"How I feel disagreeing with the reddit hivemind (xpost /r/gifs)"
"How I feel disagreeing with the reddit hivemind (xpost /r/funny)"
"What posting a link late at night feels like..."
"Bottomless Bathroom"
"To me this looks the Reddit alien is trying to eat his way out of a pile of Doritos"
"How I feel when i have too many Upvotes"
"What everybody hopes their cake day will be like"
"I want this to be carved into my gravestone. &quot;here lies...Suffocated under a pile of upvotes&quot;"
"Swear to God...I didn't do it!"
"Oh  Reddit's under heavy load right now? Maybe it should lift more."
"Almost broke previous record of posts read in a day when..."
"How i expect today to be"
"He would have loved reddit"
"How I feel as a dog person on reddit(fixed)"
"The real reason Reddit has a liberal bias"
"Kid's got game"
"Scumbag Skyrim"
"uploads to reddit puts all text in the title"
"Recent Photoshop of a friend  am I doing it right? (His name is Steve too and continues to deny he looks like him)"
"Old Man Sassy"
"I'm a new teacher and every time someone asks me how much I make I feel like this"
"don't think you're supposed to spot somebody like that"
"Hey  could you spot me?"
"My reaction when a person told me I could not use my dyslexia as an excuse that I have difficulty with grammar"
"Whenever I read something in r/nocontext"
"My reaction when I hear someone use me-me in conversation."
"When I hear &quot;I could care less&quot;"
"Talking to IT service."
"Playing Civ 3 for the first time..."
"I have come to this conclusion"
"My first Halloween on Reddit"
"After spending my first two months or so on Reddit I have come to only one conclusion of this site"
"How I felt browsing r/atheism for the first time."
"My first impression of reddit [FIRST]"
"You people"
"I dont want this EVER"
"Reddit cliches anybody?"
"I keep noticing this"
"Your reaction to reading this comic:"
"How I feel as a non-American redditor today"
"Me reading 4-panel &quot;focused computer guy&quot; comics."
"My first (and only) time on r/incest"
"Finding out the girl you've been flirting with has a boyfriend."
"A sudden realisation since I joined Reddit..."
"After reading countless christian facebook responses..."
"My reaction to the new comics with shit exploding everywhere..."
"Observance"
"What I think when I watch porn."
"My router just started working"
"every time i go in the new section"
"After identifying my last 8 or so Wizard hats..."
"ever wonder"
"yeah  you said that once."
"i always see this in the background of a classroom scene"
"Something's not right here."
"You got me like..."
"Shawty got me like..."
"Got me like.."
"Storm Trooper facebomb"
"Ivet Lalova warming up her glutes."
"Woman! Physically Fit"
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle"
"wut?"
"Same here friend."
"chicken nuggets"
"Pee-Wee Herman is Regis Philbin's sugar daddy"
"Looks Legit"
"Swag."
"Link's got a way with ladies"
"You must be King Dodongo!"
"How I feel upvoting a new post that genuinely made me laugh"
"Well done NASA  Well done indeed."
"HIFW Gangnam style exploded as a person born-and-raised in Gangnam"
"when i told my friends i broke 2000 karma"
"Hands up!"
"How I imagine NYPD after the recent empire state shooting... [FIXED]"
"Suddenly  a Foot!"
"A wild foot appears..."
"How I feel about the Summer 2012 Olympics"
"My Hurricane Irene experience: Before  during  after."
"My reaction when my download speed surpasses 1.00 M"
"Realizing I had missed my Cake Day"
"that's fucking mine !"
"Hey Thanks Bill!"
"My new iPhone background = daily inspiration"
"Went to church with my mom this morning and this is how I felt during the service..."
"How I feel in my college class filled with freshman students..."
"yummy tail."
"My friend in Africa just emailed me this picture of a lizard  I can't quite explain whats happening.."
"Cutest Ouroboros."
"Vanilla &amp; Nutmeg XD"
"Just saw this little gem circulating around Facebook"
"...out of fucking nowhere!"
"Hey thats my bike!"
"Yes  kids sure do love it."
"O Fortuna"
"4chan in 4panels"
"My reaction to r/wtf revival..."
"First time finding out /r/spacedicks"
"Me  the very first time I visited 4chan"
"Fuck the police"
"You want some of this?!"
"Come at me bro"
"When someone honks at me while i'm crossing the crosswalk."
"When i see a weed vs. alcohol argument ensuing."
"Thug cow"
"Whenever I cross the street and someone honks their horn at me..."
"how i feel after pushing over my little brother"
"How to win an eating contest"
"I've been around the block a few times  but for some reason  I simply cannot watch this and find it repulsive."
"Saved it."
"My relationship with Reddit"
"I got this  just give it to me slowly"
"every time i think i have something under control"
"Timber"
"Sitting at the dinner table while my friend's parents argue."
"Sitting at the dinner table while my friend's parents argue."
"Watching my friend argue with his wife when I'm invited over for dinner."
"Well  this is awkward..."
"When I fart while at the dinner table."
"When my friend is in a fight with his parents..."
"How to have the best relationship ever? Own one of these."
"Bad ass old dude"
"Fuck the police"
"Riding Dirty"
"First post in gifsound. I'll let the door hit me on the way out.."
"WHY?!"
"How I feel about adding comments to 'heated discussions' on Reddit"
"Watch me explode"
"How my contributions to the community seem to work..."
"Brotherly love!"
"Star Wars meets Winnie the Pooh"
"Lil star wars....random imgur"
"The Milky Way Over Switzerland"
"89 Wallpapers. Mostly [1920x1080]"
"I laughed harder than I should have.."
"Is it humid today?"
"How I feel about the heat in California."
"Force Will"
"Will Smith: Challenge Accepted!"
"That was pretty goo... OUCH! - Cycling accident"
"the only way to play piano"
"the only way to play piano"
"I thought you guys would enjoy a nice piano solo from Blastoise"
"Hydropump Through the Fire and the Flames"
"Blastoise used Circus Galop!"
"Play me off  Blastoise!"
"This is the only acceptable Blastoise gifsound"
"Ron Swanson"
"Water tension"
"Surface Tension"
"Another shitty dictatorship."
"When i am sad I like to cut myself..."
"Why do I like this gif so much?!?"
"How I feel with all my posts on Reddit"
"How I feel with all my posts to Reddit"
"Rocket to Uranus"
"Nailed it. [Fixed]"
"nailed it!"
"All around me are familiar faces..."
"So this..this is where it ends..."
"Catfield 1942"
"Cat of the Nightswatch"
"Epic cat says: it's on  motherfucker"
"He's on his way to Catnip rehab"
"Catnip \m/"
"The middle part of a long ass &quot;meow&quot;"
"The Ol' Spicy Keychain"
"the ol' spicy keychain"
"The Ol' Spicy Keychain"
"Wut."
"The old spicy keychain..."
"How most of my posts go"
"Dry Rot [gif]"
"Confused"
"How I feel just after graduating."
"We landed on Mars!!"
"After making the front page for the first time"
"After having your first child."
"Olympics are over..."
"How I feel when my girlfriend leaves me alone in Forever 21 to try on clothes"
"How I feel as a german about all the 6'9'' posts"
"MOMMY  IS THAT YOU?"
"Storm over Crater Lake"
"Rare double rainbow appears after a storm over Crater Lake"
"My dad when we encounter a sex scene in a family movie night"
"Playing a match of MW3 after months of BF3."
"When my girlfriend talks about her period with her friends when I'm in the room."
"Decided to take a trip on over to r/conspiracy..."
"When my roommate has deep conversations with his girlfriend back home and I'm still in the room"
"Whenever a conversation with friends delves into religion or politics."
"Finding out I'm up against Yorick in lane"
"Fuck you Snow White ... yeah you"
"This woman must be giving a very moving speech."
"Wait a minute..."
"What?"
"How I feel when I finish an exam before most people in the lecture hall."
"Oh hi!"
"itsy bitsy polar bear"
"Stumbled upon this: Islandception"
"MAXIMUM INCEPTION."
"Just a little Pug."
"Money is money"
"How we've bought our music for the past 30 years"
"Animated pie chart showing the change in formats of music releases through 30 years."
"My reaction when someone showed me this gif"
"The impeccable Emma Watson"
"Our girl."
"The most disturbing picture I have seen in my life!!"
"Yo dogg  I hear you like clowns....."
"Oh 4chan."
"its my cake day. im not anything special so heres my background i drew up"
"What I would give to be there..."
"Ballistic missile testing at Kwajalein Atoll."
"The beauty of destruction. If this wasn't a test each streak would be a 300kt nuclear warhead."
"Oh...don't mind me"
"Choose your seat on the bus wisely!"
"i how felt when i first went /r/spacedicks"
"every single time"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Rubix cube rage"
"here comes the obnoxious"
"bhatia"
"ASFGASDFSDGDGHASDASFFDA"
"I wish i could."
"Poor genie"
"I found this in the freezer at work. Inexplicable."
"I laughed harder than I probably should have..."
"Dexter's Laboratory vs. The Big Bang Theory"
"All grown up"
"O_O"
"Mind = blown. No wonder I loved both these shows.."
"You scratch my back  I'll scratch yours"
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours (xpost from r/funny"
"That's exactly what I thought"
"Every Pot has its lid. (x-post from wtf)"
"A friend of mine just posted this to his facebook with the caption: &quot;Someone stole my idea for a porno.&quot;"
"No way"
"this is a little more than mildly interesting [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Finally got this! With a little help..."
"Love"
"True story Iphone5 maps."
"After the update"
"That's No Moon...."
"After the &quot;upgrade&quot;"
"Glacier fed Moraine Lake - situated in the Valley of the Ten Peaks outside the Village of Lake Louise  Alberta  Canada [2560x1600]"
"Simply breathtaking.."
"Happy Birthday  Jeff Bridges!"
"Me when I reach 100 link karma"
"How I felt on the inside today. Found out my dad's an atheist on Easter."
"Reddit  today I found out my dreams have come true. I'm going to be a father!"
"Me  when I discover an extra beer in the fridge"
"When my karma finally hits a thousand"
"He'll do it."
"McShit"
"Reason to never go to McDonalds #846"
"Hey r/atheism  I used to be a Sikh and I find this funny."
"How I think Christians view atheists"
"Whenever someone mentions their confusion about easter eggs.."
"What I took away from the first week of Statistical Decision Theory"
"What should the new movie be about?"
"The term I now officially use to describe Canadians who travel to the US during Canada Day"
"When my parents ask why I need a lighter."
"One reason I think a good amount of people believe in god(s)"
"When my friend asked me  &quot;So how was the Breaking Bad permier?&quot;"
"How I imagine hardcore christians view us"
"Gabe Newells' Twin. Just not as much of a fat ass."
"Reddit today..."
"Searched 'how to get karma on reddit' on google. This answer didn't surprise me"
"Tonight  on the Discovery Channel"
"What happens when the Red Bull Stratos capsule eventually lands on some guys farm in Roswell  NM you ask?"
"Every anti-Marijuana ad"
"[SPOILERS] Governor's solution to everything"
"MGS4 Logic"
"When I eat ice cream with a spoon and my hands still get sticky."
"How I feel explaining why I was late to my supervisor at the university library"
"When I'm fifteen minutes late to class"
"How to get karma on reddit"
"I got 99 problems"
"So I carefully cut off the bottom..."
"And a 1  and a 2.."
"Dedicated to my fellow band geeks"
"Too Soon?"
"Master Thief..."
"This was a close one.."
"Clearly not enough redditors"
"I shed a tear..."
"This isnt even fair!"
"There's a difference?"
"What the fuck reddit?!"
"NO...NO NO NO!"
"I...I'm speechless."
"Uhhhh...NOPE"
"Is there a third choice?"
"They both sound so appealing."
"A fucking hard question..."
"I'll regret nothing."
"Well  this app is ruined."
"Tough choice"
"You can see who the redditors are."
"Before or after her untimely death?"
"I'm starting to question the fun in this game..."
"For why"
"Thats a pretty distinct difference..."
"Picked an answer just to see the question  faith in humanity lost..."
"Everyone on Reddit."
"Priorities."
"Sick Fuckers"
"I figured if I was gonna raped in the butt either way I might as well do it after playing with monkeys and riding ferris wheels."
"Some people clearly haven't been on Reddit."
"Seems like an easy question to answer..."
"WTF Would You Rather"
"Why not Zoidberg?"
"Easiest question yet"
"Well played  You Rather  well played..."
"Took me 4 hours to decide which one  but I finally did."
"108691 people don't know what Reddit is."
"Redditors knows what they would want."
"It's finally been decided...."
"It was a hard choice"
"Apparently 67% of people have never been on reddit..."
"Why.. I ..don't even.. 0_o"
"Well  this is an easy one."
"Oh...wow..."
"Well Fuck..."
"What would you choose reddit?"
"Toughest decision of my life..."
"Showed up for a few seconds early this morning then disappeared."
"This showed up on TV today."
"How I feel trying to cheer up a sad friend"
"A British protester held at gun point by two troopers. No previous signs of Force."
"Some people are just more talented than others"
"The things you find your cat doing."
"I always laugh WAY to hard at this."
"So  you like making heads with your money?"
"I plan on doing this next time I tip"
"I plan on doing this next time I tip"
"The best way to leave a tip."
"From facebook. The irony is killing me."
"Be my neighbor"
"Mister Rogers Gangsta Gangsta"
"as a new redditor  this is how i felt having 60 karma last night and 380 this morning"
"MOTHERFUCKER I'M LACED"
"What planet is this?? (Earth)"
"Lightning Eclipse from the Planet of the Goats"
"I made a collection of Asian men giving the thumbs-up. Did I miss any?"
"Thumbs up from Jackie Chan."
"while the cops take me away for being too drunk."
"Pre-fight intimidation done... right?"
"uh.. challenge accepted?"
"When I try to look tough."
"What I look like when I try to look intimidating"
"The Blob(fish)"
"Aang and Superman: &quot;I know that feel  bro.&quot; (x-post r/funny)"
"I was hiking through a remote Australian State Forest  heard hissing and turned around. I'll never be the same again... Not snake."
"I was hiking through a remote Australian State Forest  heard hissing and turned around. I'll never be the same again... Not snake."
"I'll swallow your soul!!"
"So . . . This is a Koala."
"D&amp;D: Owlbear"
"You have breached Wet Koala's perimeter."
"When I feel stupid I read this and instantly feel better"
"Fo' Shizzle"
"Dew-covered Dragonfly [PIC]"
"Umm... Australia."
"He I Come"
"Honey  can you take a look at this?"
"When you hear someone calling your name  but you can’t find where it’s coming from..."
"WHAT puppy?"
"What happens when you give a dog acid"
"WHAT puppy?!?"
"How i always start my games of Guess Who"
"Does he..."
"Nobody puts baby in the corner."
"How I feel just getting home and my gf's friends are home."
"Hold Your Ground"
"How most of Reddit treats new users"
"Whenever I say that Justin Bieber isn't too bad."
"Sometimes..."
"Sometimes (xpost from r/funny)"
"Found this on Reddit  I don't know who to credit  but whenever I'm feeling down  I laugh my ass off at it."
"How I Feel When I Die In A Video Game"
"mfw I realize I am going to be away when the GW2 Beta starts."
"My brother barged into my room and bragged about how he made the front page with a repost. This was my response."
"Realizing I only have a couple minutes left in my cakeday and I have no good post ideas"
"When I was 7 and my sister released my Aerodactyl in my Pokémon Yellow save  these were the feels."
"Missed my Cakeday by ONE DAY"
"How I feel when I have lost my place after browsing over 500 posts."
"What the shit?"
"My favorite picture on the internets"
"Fuck you  Anarchists!"
"A minor disagreement amongst anarchists."
"The Chicago teachers strike is getting really personal"
"The Lord of Dance"
"Topless Hottie at nightclub"
"I. have. no words."
"to much to handle"
"I. Have. No. Words. [x-post from /r/WTF]"
"Seemed to fit."
"I've always wondered about Pac-Man..."
"I like my coffee like I like my women... or through my women..."
"2 girls 1 cup brahs"
"Floating stage of the Bregenz Festival in Austria"
"Well...that escalated quickly"
"Don't Eat That!"
"WHAT THE LIVING HELL?!"
"Is it lupus? It's lupus  isn't it?!?"
"Taking duckface to a whole new level"
"Duckface literally"
"Racisim at its finest"
"AYO POPS!"
"Seen this yet?"
"Blasphemy"
"Muhammad does a self portrait."
"Dog having a ball"
"How I feel when I have to crap after taking a shower"
"After a few minutes on the bowl when nothings coming out."
"The day after Thanksgiving"
"My reaction to someone not putting my discs back in the case."
"Holy F*&amp;%ing Nightmare fuel."
"Upvoting a comment with 0 points"
"Upvoting a comment with 0 points"
"Thanks to reddit and 4chan  it's looking like this smirking cunt will be the new face of Kinder Chocolate in Kazakhstan. he's in first place by a mile."
"Bugchassers (People who want to get AIDS) forum posts. WTF!"
"How I feel when I upvote a post past 666 votes"
"I love offensive humor &lt;3"
"How I feel when my song is on"
"When I'm drunk at a party"
"The Greeks contributed many things to our culture"
"This man treats his girl right"
"I made this. Dwight Schrute. The Office"
"Dwight gets it right."
"Dwight the philosopher."
"Great advice to live by"
"Murrikan spirit"
"...if no one else can help  and if you can find them  maybe you can hire the B-Team"
"The a-Team is Back!!"
"Try to explain this picture please  because i don't even..."
"No title can do this justice"
"Huh."
"&quot;What class are you struggling with and why?&quot;"
"Commitment"
"So... my roommate just sent me this."
"[6] i cant not laugh"
"No matter how hard I try  I'll never be happy as this guy."
"I will survive!"
"Can't resist the beat"
"Aladeen Muthfucka"
"he is growing a moustach"
"Reddit to be featured on The Big Bang Theory this Thursday"
"Looks legit..."
"Football band surfer"
"Doing the wave at football matches. (X-post from r/funny)"
"Parenting done wrong..."
"WTF is this from??"
"Justice Bitch!"
"Sometimes You Just Gotta Punch Her In The Vagina [SFW]"
"Bringing back WTF! [NSFW]"
"Sofia Vergara eats a B-A-N-A-N-A"
"How I feel when a repost of my content makes it to the front page?"
"I bought one too  but mines broke."
"Got bored and made this today."
"Attitude is everything"
"One does not simply get out of the friend zone...."
"True love! xD"
"I Love This Stick"
"LOVE THIS STICK!!"
"I laugh at this everytime"
"Waterfall  Croatia"
"Plitvice Waterfalls  Croatia"
"Welcome to Croatia."
"I submit this beauty to you all on my day of cake"
"Detian Falls"
"Just because I can't pronounce the location  doesn't make it any less amazing. Plitvicka Jezera  Croatia [700 X 466]"
"Old photo but I know Reddit likes cats and Freddie Mercury so..."
"Owl in flight"
"Owl"
"petchuuuuu!!"
"Owl mid-flight"
"Owl mid-flight."
"The Size of Our Moon [pic]"
"The scale of the moon"
"The Size of Our Moon X-Post /r/WhoaDude"
"so.....yeah....(x-post from fifthworldpics)"
"Just Danny Trejo holding a dove."
"Danny Trejo breaking his typecasting"
"The good ol' days"
"You can't do that now."
"The Day I Get On The Front Page"
"Got a light?"
"Yum"
"You shouldn't smoke"
"My buddy who works at a restaurant sent me this"
"Probably a repost  but..... wut"
"Saw this on my facebook feed from a friend who works at a local restaurant."
"Turducken? Meet cigartroutken - the way the Aussies do things."
"Right  time for a fag break."
"The internet just doesn't make sense sometimes"
"Got this on FB. Must be a good restaurant."
"chatroulette"
"So I searched &quot;Smoked Chicken&quot; on google..."
"What I see on the interwebs"
"Get off the computer and spend some time with your family"
"Maybe that's where my weekend went!"
"Best picture I have ever taken. I took this one from National Geographic."
"Amazing Lightning In Lake Erie"
"I can't explain this..."
"I can't explain this [x-post from r/funny]"
"This gets me every time"
"Riding a Horse Like a Boss"
"Seems legit"
"My name is Wade Wilson. I'm a dick."
"Kitty!"
"my thoughts on all the new video game posts."
"I see your yawning baby bat and raise you one yawning baby sloth!"
"There are people who enjoy peanut butter banana bacon sandwiches  and why the fuck not? That shit is delicious."
"Weird."
"Mila Kunis named Esquire’s sexiest woman alive"
"Major record labels + Dr. Evil ="
"What I think of when I see your one hundred trillion dollars...."
"Googled catfish  and this came up..."
"My 4 year old asked to see a picture of Frankenstein. I don't think he will ever pet our kitty again. Thanks Google."
"The two most popular things on Reddit this week ...combined"
"Umm ok..."
"Searched Catfish on google. Was not dissappointed."
"friend post this to facebook  I thought it deserved better"
"'Merica"
"Amurrica  come to save the mothafuckin day..."
"Dear Sandy  bring it on. Love  'Merica"
"Goat Dominance"
"Deal with it"
"Cats"
"[SFW]When the pussy isn't wet..."
"And no shits were given that Christmas..."
"Not A Single Fuck Was Given"
"Train Cat has given up on life ;_;"
"Korean comic about a prison break."
"Any love for Fullmetal Alchemist on reddit?"
"Just realized today was my cakeday  and it's almost over."
"When I realized today that my 5 year old Mac can run Warcraft 3 and I could've been playing all this time:"
"How To Troll"
"I guess I'll never learn"
"I'm sexy and I know it!"
"When my &quot;friend&quot; told me to visit /r/spaceclop"
"Seeing an exam full of problems that weren't in the study guide"
"Can anyone tell me what video this is from? (gif found courtesy of Thatsupercoolguy)"
"After being here for a year and getting nowhere with my crappy posts  here's what I think of you guys and girls:"
"You're Awesome"
"Random gifs you see all the time on reddit - Part 1"
"Remember fellow ents:"
"My biggest point in any religious argument."
"[REQUEST] I'm looking for the exact OPPOSITE of this wallpaper. I think I saw it around here once..."
"...enormously insignificant"
"How I feel right now about deciding to graduate college a semester early"
"How I feel right now about deciding to graduate college a semester early"
"My reaction to hearing of my drunken antics secondhand after a particularly bad night..."
"What it's like hearing someone tell you what you got upto after a night of drinking..."
"When I reply to a text message sent from my ex girlfriend"
"Does God have a Flan for me?"
"Browsing a Mexican site..."
"Seen @ BYU"
"Does he?"
"Flan?"
"I sure hope he does!"
"What am I doing here?"
"This is how I pitch new music to my friends..."
"He likes it"
"Let's Party!"
"When I listen to Huey Lewis and the news (GIF from Khouzombie's post on r/reactiongifs)"
"American Psycho Europop Nod"
"what I imagine my friend looks like after getting front page first post"
"Photographer Tracy Shelton captures this mind-altering photograph of rebels in Aleppo  Syria at the split second between life and death"
"Tie?"
"Soccer double fatality"
"Your girlfriend can't be this cute."
"How I feel when I get an upvote."
"r/conspiracy In A Nutshell"
"When I visited 9gag and saw the memes from reddit yesterday."
"Awesome Slides"
"This has to got to be the coolest water slide  and right into the ocean"
"YSK How to get yourself to study."
"and that kids is how I got an A on the next day's test"
"And that's supposed to STOP me?"
"How I feel about having less daylight during the winter..."
"Found this gem saved on my computer"
"What do you think of my costume reddit? I dont smoke dope  I dont drink bourbon...."
"Supremely-confident cat"
"Stunning !"
"Cat and the city"
"if cinderella's shoe fit so well..."
"What if..."
"Something isn't right here"
"God's Divine Plan?"
"Good question  Philosoraptor."
"Philosoraptor on Skyrim"
"Just a thought."
"Hm.."
"At the very least you can say that whatever god might be  if anything  the notion of it is poisionous to society."
"Comic con and religious people"
"DIII auction house"
"For what its worth christians"
"I was never able to look at a cross in the same way again."
"Dad  I'm mom. Found this on FB."
"Dog really wants that treat. First gif I've made!"
"The internal struggle between desire for doggie treats and disdain for doggie boots."
"When I notice the last piece of cheesecake on the platter across the room."
"Me after hours of playing QWOP"
"No matter what's on my feet  I will nom"
"I dont need it"
"Some people just can't handle the sour."
"Not again!"
"Sleeping baby otter"
"Found this on my brother's computer under DogDog.jpg"
"Space Invaders"
"Upon discovering r/clopclop"
"Oh Heyyyyyyy"
"Whenever I see one of my bros on campus."
"How Tebow haters reacted to today's game"
"The proper way of getting away from Mormons when they stop you on the sidewalk."
"Sugar in drinks"
"FBF sleeps in"
"That darn autocorrect..."
"Hate it when this happens"
"Two spears"
"How I feel trying to impress Reddit"
"wat"
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"I fully support this  fuck this guy."
"Fuck this guy..."
"Fuck God Hates Fags"
"How I feel when I get down voted."
"Having worked in retail for 5 years  this is how I feel when the first of the fall holiday merchandise is being stocked."
"Just discovered my University's meme page..."
"Still my favorite .gif"
"Do not even think to throw things at Chuck Norris"
"He knows everything."
"Walker Texas Substitute"
"United States Space Missions"
"50 Years of Space Exploration [x-post from r/MapPorn]"
"Space exploration."
"A Map of Every Extra-terrestrial Space Mission"
"He's just taking a little nap"
"Must. Tell. Everyone."
"Listen up"
"Tetris Showdown"
"Bricks will be shat!"
"Beating Tetris"
"Beating Tetris"
"Oh the things you find on the internets..."
"Where babies come from according to /b/"
"Surface tension"
"It was a funny little pun"
"Science."
"Jaykwon and Tyrese  masterminds."
"My reaction to the doomba"
"How I feel about [FIXED] posts"
"Take A Few Minutes to Imagine the World Around You"
"It's a picture of my fluffy cat! You'll love it!"
"Ashley Ann Vickers"
"Hottest girl I've seen in a long time"
"Just vegetating on the couch"
"Why even..."
"This belongs here  team jackets maybe?"
"An Army of Lost Redditor Souls  all in One Coat"
"Redditor's coat"
"I feel reddit would like this coat"
"Right in the childhood"
"WTF adventure time."
"Little guy"
"One of the saddest pokemon picture I've seen"
"Oh prince Charles..."
"How I felt when I saw a little piece of cake next to my name"
"That time I decided six shots of espresso would help me study better"
"How i look trying to make a meme with out Photoshop"
"Nom nom nom"
"Nom nom nom"
"Execution strategy"
"There is no escape."
"Hella father"
"Seems legit"
"I'm a box"
"I finally made the front page. Time to celebrate."
"Anything Goes!"
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand POLKA TIME!"
"So Proud."
"Wat"
"What do you guys think of my God costume?"
"More reason to fear being responsible for children"
"All the proof for the absence of a God in one image"
"The answer to your question"
"The moment I found out Brad Pitt was a true actor."
"As a Canadian  whenever I see a post about Canada on the front page..."
"After 6 years  finally kissed my friendzoner"
"Best &quot;Haters gonna hate&quot; ever"
"I dunno about that whole 2 Hydrogens and an Oxygen nonsense...."
"Me on my first visit to /r/spacedicks"
"Whenever Wales  my little home nation  is mentioned on reddit."
"MFW my friend tells me she hasn't seen the Dark Knight as we're in the theater for the Dark Knight Rises"
"My face when I suspect that someone has found my porn collection."
"The Redditverse"
"A spin on the classic tale."
"I Liked it because I cried...."
"Sadly  This would get most people on facebook crying..."
"A story about a gurl and a boi."
"The Milky Way So Bright It Casts Shadows"
"A great way to get type 2!"
"Vagina beads [gif]"
"Beans"
"Beans motherfucker."
"Emotional Scars"
"&quot;It's a good thing that emotional scars are invisible...&quot; - Doug Benson"
"Emotional scars"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Skaters gonna skate"
"I think i'm gonna shop here more often  everything i need in one aisle"
"Who knew handy work could be so erotic..."
"Party on Isle 15 much?"
"You have the right to remain dog"
"So this popped up on my facebook today"
"A new way to utilize hamburger buns."
"as someone who is neither atheist nor democratic on reddit when i see all the posts related to either this is what happens"
"For those comments that are doomed to fail"
"When I found out the &quot;z&quot; key downvotes"
"When I found out that the 'Z' key downvotes..."
"How I feel about /r/GifSound lately..."
"&quot;Commander  we must stop the original content!&quot; &quot;You're right. Bomb run... engage.&quot; (How my first post went down)"
"Found my friend's reddit account  noticed he had more karma than me..."
"And not a single fuck was give that day."
"If WTF is having a throwback party then I'll bring the stripper (nsfw)"
"Mother Nature Smiles..."
"Happy bird..... Happy bird...."
"I think it's a dog house..."
"Dat ass..."
"Dwot Shrote"
"Kill it with fire"
"We have lift off"
"handstand pug piss"
"Dog patrols his territory"
"Saving bad luck Brian."
"Zanarkand birds"
"Thieving bastard."
"Teeth"
"Gorilla eating a taco."
"Mmm... Tacos..."
"EAT THE FUCKING TACO ALREADY"
"Don't look it directly in the eyes.."
"cant....stop.....watching"
"Introspective taco."
"Lil Wayne  stahp."
"The universe is fucking rad..."
"cool batman pic"
"How it must feel as a Christian on reddit"
"Every time someone mentions r/athiesm  I think of this picture."
"Women puts peanut butter on genitals and lets the dog lick it ALL off"
"For my cakeday  here's a picture of amputees having an orgy [NSFW]"
"Just a midget  amputee with a spatula fucking an Elmo doll...[FIXED]"
"As A Christian Redditor  This Is How I Feel I Should Share My Religion."
"Let's bring r/WTF back to its roots"
"A+ advertisement!"
"Clever spider..."
"Baby Kit Fox"
"What does it mean?"
"Decline Of Civilization"
"When somebody tries to talk to me in the morning"
"Ron Swanson: Doing everything we wish we could do at work."
"The stopwatch on my Iphone that I once turned on. (still counting)"
"The stopwatch on my phone has been going since mid December  got this screenshot last night"
"I can't be the only one who does this... Anyone have a better one?"
"So I've been keeping track of how much I'm redditting by stopwatch"
"I was going to see what time it was at home while I was on vacation. Little did I know..."
"There was a post of someone's iPhone stopwatch  here's mine... Beat you by a couple years"
"Well I guess I'm addicted to using my stopwatch."
"I see your stopwatches and raise you my lapcounter."
"My mile time varies a little more."
"My battery was draining quickly on my iPhone  and i found out why"
"So I haven't used my stopwatch in a while..."
"YAHOO  Y'ALL"
"Looking at bacon hot dogs when this showed up"
"Paula being Paula  this doesn't seem too far fetched"
"America !"
"Happy Labor Day  World!"
"Lol I wanna go to this town."
"Googled &quot;like a sir.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"Don't worry buddy we've all been there before"
"For my cake day  i went through all of my saved posts to find my favorite to repost. Here it is!"
"Missing Stapler"
"Life problems"
"I miss him too."
"WTF is that..."
"Pixar vs Dreamworks"
"Pixar v. Dreamworks"
"The secret test to get into heaven"
"Found this gem"
"Meteorologist Batman"
"Gang war"
"A preview of 'Taken 3'"
"I just went on 4chan for the first time  and this is literally the first picture I saw"
"The only reason to live"
"My Little Pony &quot;Human Centipede&quot; edition."
"And they say that modern television is crap."
"WTF"
"Whoopi Goldberg in a milk bath...it's artistic?"
"seriously katie"
"How I felt as a straight male telling my friends that I like Taylor Swift"
"For when you give 0 fucks..."
"None are given"
"How I feel when browsing through my news feed."
"When I make a typo on Reddit. [FIXED]"
"Guy says YOLO and dies."
"Anybody remember this one?"
"Can you find Jesus?"
"QWOP IRL"
"Hilarious QWOP Cosplay"
"QWOP Cosplay"
"The Sad Truth About Our Police"
"This popped up on my news feed yesterday..."
"True"
"Take on the Dr."
"Doctor gets swingy."
"Making a real difference where it's needed"
"I decided to compile all the info/how-to pictures I could find... Enjoy!"
"Break it down."
"go yoda GO GO"
"Gullible Buzz"
"When my Grandpa gets drunk on Holidays"
"This is how I die!?!"
"Poor dog..."
"Alligator Chase"
"I'll just leave this here"
"mod·er·a·tion (noun): the avoidance of excess or extremes"
"I wonder how he blows his nose"
"KoolAid Bus"
"Take this  atheists!"
"Checkmate  atheists."
"The doctor has many &quot;patience&quot; that he treats."
"The greatest face swap."
"K"
"Dafuq?"
"Face Swap Level: WTF"
"this showed up on my newsfeed... probably the most disturbing face swap I've seen.."
"Dripping blood table."
"Oh hai. Just checking the calorie count."
"Remember when Ozzy and Sharon were preppy? Me neither..."
"Cute... Cute... Cute... wait what?"
"Human Babies"
"I think this is the king of the stupid facebook pictures..."
"IFAP: my friend got a job working in a booth at a jobs expo  I don't think he understands how funny this is."
"Garf-Eel"
"Garf-eel!"
"I laughed at this Garf-eel pic"
"That's not even your heart!"
"Thats not where the heart is....."
"any love for my husky puppy? He just turned 2~ [First]"
"Husky bath"
"Can't say I have"
"Good riddance."
"Bioshock. Big Daddy"
"The key to a good education is a sharp mind..."
"this popped up on facebook...why.."
"What the-"
"ROTFLMAO (seal)"
"Just some of my lady friends out for a quiet drink."
"Most Beautiful Teen Contest"
"ummmm.... Lindsay?"
"Lindsey Lohan doing a rage face"
"It's like I can hear it"
"What?"
"The Hokey Pokey  written in the style of William Shakespeare."
"Pinch"
"Just a pinch..."
"I'll give you this one Mr. Baumgartner."
"Felix Baumgartner...what a guy"
"What the f**k did you do today?"
"r2 primus"
"I figured since he's playing a bass..."
"R2-D2 Meets Metal"
"R2-D2 guitar solo"
"The Distant Future"
"Daft2D2"
"I sparkle"
"How i feel about the tons of reposts lately"
"You need to study your grammar  son."
"Nuh uh. Superman does good."
"Grammar School"
"Nonnie you cray."
"Today's WTF brought to you by /r/GGGGG. (X-Post)"
"Not sure if I should post this here or /r/WTF."
"by far my favorite .gif"
"4chan v the internet"
"The first time I went to CircleJerk."
"Can anyone tell me the context of this gif? It's like a mental itch that I can't scratch."
"My response to the direction that r/WTF is going in."
"Me and my female friends watching Justin Bieber getting his ass kicked in his new music video"
"Thanks for bringing r/wtf back to it's roots."
"One has to wonder how this thing reproduced..."
"Party Boy's less attractive  more annoying female relative."
"brb  trying this at home"
"When a girl views my profile on a dating website."
"How I feel everyday when lecture is over"
"well there goes that dream..."
"well there goes that dream..."
"Never cross Zazu."
"Mind -&gt; BLOWN."
"when i submit a link and i'm waiting for karma"
"Look!"
"He did it on porpoise."
"Look!"
"Look what i saw on a boat ride this afternoon!"
"Bacon Fries [500x330]"
"This guy at school has some ingrown teeth"
"I don't always repost..."
"How I feel working in a restaurant  when people call an hour to close asking how late we're open."
"These people are really crazy  WTF!"
"Not sure what is happening here but it's definitely WTF worthy."
"Oh wait  this isn't the main steet."
"I don't think its getting better any time soon."
"saw this in my FB today...get well soon!"
"United States Air Force Academy Graduation with USAF Thunder Birds (my perspective in 2 years)"
"Air Force Graduation Ceremony"
"xpost from pics... but super epic... airforce graduation"
"Looks suspicious"
"Fuck the police"
"When I close reddit just to open it again in a new tab..."
"being drunk on reddit"
"I left myself a note listing all the reading and homework I needed to do today. I woke up this morning and..."
"When I found a bottle of vodka I had forgotten about"
"Excited fan is excited"
"Me when I saw the news about Arrested Development."
"Best fan ever"
"My reaction when I remembered Game of Thrones is back on tonight..."
"How I feel when I get home at 5:30 and see a whole bunch of NSFW links."
"Waiting for the dealer to call back."
"What I am like when I hear my neighbours argue"
"My reaction when my history Prof said we'd watch Monty Python as an example of the English feudal system"
"just pop started my car on my first attempt. my only reaction to this."
"Hahaha"
"The Cow Wash"
"Happiness is..."
"Get off that lake  dog"
"hey didn't die for your sins  but he fetched for your sticks"
"I love this"
"He is excited."
"Johnnie Walker described almost perfectly"
"I am captain!"
"I searched for America on Google and this was the first thing that showed up"
"PROOF! Chain mails are real!"
"Should passed on that chain letter..."
"His final inspiring words..."
"Not texting kills too"
"Best thing to do when being interviewed on Fox"
"Inspired by a comment in r/funny earlier today."
"Well He's Obviously Paying Attention"
"MRW my boss gives me a yearly performance review."
"Micro-Pigs: The Definition of Cute."
"I'll see your duck in a cup and raise you a tea cup pig"
"Just a beautiful picture from Norway!"
"hurricane sandy and my kick ass Halloween costume"
"Georgia o Beef's last sculpture found!"
"can i keep him?!?"
"Take that Theist"
"School starts tomorrow omg!!"
"When someone downvotes me because they don't agree."
"A little owl wearing a beanie"
"A Baby Owl (Owlet)"
"Hipster Owl"
"Jayne. The owl they call Jayne."
"Baby hawk is not moving"
"Not sure if it's a repost  but I think this is hysterical."
"&quot;I'm driving the boat... You can tread in my wake...&quot; [1920x1080]"
"T-Rex Anxiety"
"Since Easter is close i gave one to y T-rex"
"My friend"
"Om nom turtle"
"My cute baby turtle:)"
"awkward turtle"
"I can haz stawbewwy?"
"My sister's tortoise eating his first strawberry"
"Here's a comic for the Birthday Boy"
"What. The. Balls."
"Did He Died?"
"Trying to dance after drinking."
"And a one..."
"Strawbs"
"What the hell is this?"
"I was having a bad day...until I found this"
"Like a sir"
"Charlie Sheen's Pet"
"Do want."
"Do want! (x-post /r/pics)"
"Drool. Why would you want it...obvious."
"Winnie the Pooh"
"vintage pooh"
"Which came first  the chicken or the egg?"
"Don't act like you don't look forward to this every year."
"Every time on my birthday... [FB]"
"Sometimes I wonder why I'm not a cheerleader.."
"Keeping it classy!"
"So I just picked up Trine 2 ... And..."
"That's one well trained dog"
"REPST: R/funny I SITS"
"This belongs here."
"Forever Alone Towel"
"Introducing the forever alone towel"
"May I introduce  the forever alone tovel!"
"May I introduce  the forever alone towel"
"Forever alone."
"Went out to round up our horses with my dog... can't say it went quite as planned"
"The Smiths at it again"
"I just had to bring childhood into it..."
"My friend w/his daughter in costume."
"My friend and his daughter dressed as a Work Loader from Aliens."
"Halloween costume win"
"Who let the baby use the Power Loader!?"
"It seemed like a normal day at the Genius Bar when all of a sudden. . ."
"This  my friends  is called humanity."
"look what i found looking through news clippings online"
"Chief Wiggum on Speeding"
"How I feel as a police officer having to work Sunday night."
"I'm in heaven"
"Best bed ever."
"Fell asleep in his food bowl"
"She likes to sleep in the bowl..."
"Food coma"
"She likes to sleep in the bowl.."
"When Reddit users complain that they want more OC but only upvote reposts"
"Oh  Buzz..."
"Drink up!"
"Buzz Lightyear is all for Kids..."
"Now If skrillex would just quit."
"How I felt after going to yoga for my first time."
"When I'm at the Beach"
"After watching gangnam style 100 times  this still makes me laugh"
"When pretty much any girl wears yoga pants..."
"Look closely..."
"When you see it..."
"Billy's Milkshake"
"Bobby's Milkshake"
"Marlon Brando"
"So attractive"
"MFW &quot;Are you big...everywhere?&quot;"
"My number one reason for needing a time machine."
"My favourite gif."
"What's so sexy is how damn HEALTHY he looks. I mean  make-a-baby-in-me-please-we-need-to-keep-his-genes-around!"
"My reaction when my best friend went home with the hottest girl in the bar"
"Hah  Mr. FreeClimber  you'll never get past that handhold  it's too-- (⊙▃⊙)"
"U jelly of my wall hax?"
"Well this just makes me feel inadequate.."
"My reaction after learning reddit is also good for porn."
"When I heard my boss was sleeping with an intern (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"I Hate It When People Try To Save Parking Spots:"
"Occupy Ireland"
"The only way the religious should protest a blasphemous film."
"There it is."
"Caption this."
"Why would you do this at a club?"
"Just something I came across on FB"
"Oh its a party now"
"What i thought since the first time i saw this GIF"
"My girlfriend just got back from vacation"
"It just feels so right..."
"I'm a guy yet I feel impregnated after this."
"Only in the Navy."
"My all-time favourite .gif"
"I will never  ever stop loving this .gif"
"i will never  ever stop loving this .gif"
"This is what got me into reddit! but there was music when i first saw it"
"Saw this in my news feed"
"The original photobomber"
"Stay Classy  Mudkip"
"Leedle Mudkipz"
"Oh  Mudkip..."
"America Fuck Yeah"
"So Beautiful [x-post from r-pics]"
"What my cat thinks he's doing when he's in my lap"
"Cat + My Lap [xpost r/gifs]"
"My cat on my stomach."
"return of the metal cat"
"This is what music is all about. [x-post from r/jazz]"
"The Power of Music"
"I'm not sure I've ever seen a picture that so fully captures the power of music. Anybody have the details of this picture?"
"Peeping tom mode: Godlike"
"He has the beat"
"Just voldemort and gandalf"
"When I realized it was finally my cakeday"
"Jesus is real (sarcasm)"
"the second coming"
"Pet Rock"
"Dont mess with my pet rocky."
"Dude VS Ketchup Bottle"
"I do hate when this happens.."
"Fapping after a two week break (SFW)"
"When I try to open glass bottles of ketchup in restaurants"
"Rubbing one out after taking a break for 3 days."
"Despair!"
"First time a girl sat on SAP's lap"
"Every time I pour hot sauce on my food"
"Piss after Fap Sesh."
"Consequences of no fap September"
"Not having the best day"
"Tonight after No Fap September..."
"Tommorow after no fap semtember"
"What I imagine tomorrow will be like"
"Damn Ketchup"
"Here come the... Wait  what!"
"me  every morning"
"ba-con"
"I think this is the only appropriate use of the word &quot;SWAG&quot;"
"Toast shaped Air-Mattress with the best description ever!"
"gets me every time"
"I figured this belongs here"
"These pups don't really seem to have what it takes for the Iditarod"
"Because sleds are too mainstream."
"Sliding Dogs"
"Happy dog in snow"
"They said i could be anything... I wanted to be a penguin"
"Yakety Dog Sledding"
"Facebook"
"This is how to flip somebody off"
"Facebook"
"So i google &quot;you know who's beautiful&quot; ... not sure what that is"
"Bad luck Brian at a Halloween party"
"The German Shepherd is one patient dog."
"My dog Stiglitz knows patience"
"Had to do a double take on the bone"
"Man gets wounded by flying dildo."
"And I thought US news was useless..."
"Never let your guard down"
"A normal headline ...."
"Is my tongue purple?"
"A cat eating rainbow ice cream."
"So i heard reddit likes cats"
"r/pics apparently doesn't like Cake Days. So  here's a funny for you instead r/funny."
"I fell into a sarchasm"
"How I feel every Sunday."
"Come here..."
"Yes  yes."
"Catler"
"stolen from 4chan. atheism vs christian thinking."
"Religion in a nutshell"
"Wh-whaaaat?"
"Saw this  couldn't stop laughing"
"This remains my favorite photoshop  if you can top it  leave a link in the comments"
"One of the pictures that got me hooked on Reddit."
"How all of Reddit feels right now..."
"After watching a man jump 120 000 ft"
"Panda Playslide"
"Panda Playside"
"PANDA SLIDE"
"Rockaway after Hurricane Sandy"
"When I found out my ex got knocked up the time she cheated on me. [GIF]"
"When I noticed today was my cake day"
"I finally watched porn on my HDTV [Fixed]"
"How I feel after my first visit to 4Chan"
"Me  every time I try submit something funny"
"he's late for important business"
"Running  Running  Running!"
"What does the bible say about tattoos?"
"Precision Riding"
"Precision Riding [gif]"
"Deep Throat Competition [sfw]"
"This Changes Everything [X-post From r/Trees]"
"How did I not think of this before?"
"Life changing picture. I've missed out for years."
";3"
"*wink*"
"What I think to myself after watching porn."
"Upon realizing I've tried to leave reddit by going to reddit..."
"After deciding to skip my first class"
"Alone in the dark."
"Alone in the dark."
"Alone in the dark."
"MY vote for president 2012"
"First world cat problems."
"Moo bitch - Imgur"
"What do I do now?!"
"Today's Morning Story..."
"Well... what now?"
"Boop gotcha nose"
"Travel was simpler back then..."
"Oh Stephen  you're so funny."
"Murder Mystery"
"i'm from chicago and have never been to a dispensary. i imagine it feels somewhat like this"
"Buddy left his account open."
"Standards: Slot Machines vs. Electronic Voting Machines"
"Las Vegas Slots vs Electronic Voting Machines"
"Just a baby octopus wishing you a fine day."
"Haven't seen any of these little guys around here lately"
"Some People.."
"The reason I watch the Big Bang Theory."
"Did homosexuality kill off the dinosaurs?"
"Did homosexuality kill off the dinosaurs?"
"Homophobic theory of dinosauric extinction"
"Gay Dinosaurs"
"Florida's first bikini-shaving-related traffic offender"
"Whenever a female posts to r/gonewild claiming to be innocent."
"Amazingly  my teenage son is waking up early every morning this summer to do chores!"
"My response to the make-up vs. no make-up post..."
"(Spoiler) My reaction to Walter saying he's &quot;out&quot;"
"How I feel when people say &quot;Not sure if this is a repost&quot;."
"Get all the bitches"
"How to pickup bitches"
"Needs more illustrations."
"Bad Doggie"
"You Gotta Be Firm With Chicks"
"Just a cute little puppy playing with chick ... wait  wha-"
"Aw he's so cute...Wait what..?"
"Young bitch bangs fat cock [SFW]"
"Punishment."
"Best gif I've seen in a while!"
"Boat on the Roxbury"
"People in vehicle? Check. Bobbing heads in unison? Check."
"He's Twilight  meets Carrot Top  meets The Cell."
"So apparently I went to the IT zoo"
"Really Japan?"
"Two naked chicks peeing on an octopus. I'm not even kidding."
"Meanwhile in Japan... [NSFW]"
"Dance  creature. Dance."
"At least they found each other?"
"Dear God  why would you do this"
"Touching tongues"
"...I Love You."
"This was Mussolini's real evil lair. Why didn't I learn about this in history class?"
"Headquarters of Benito Mussolini and the Italian Fascist Party (1934)"
"Silly cat  that is not how you drink water"
"Redditor performs unneeded home surgery on cat and makes a mistake reassembling it  leaving cat only one way to drink....all for his insatiable thirst for karma"
"Never Forget"
"Finally found some Facebook wonders."
"Fuck you textbook"
"Fuck you...Asshole."
"Mario is a bully and a killer vote for Bowser"
"Slow mo cat attack"
"Kitty jump. Kitty swipe."
"Graceful Leap Slap"
"The dust may rise"
"Bane will stop at nothing to ruin my day."
"Dirty drivers  meet the bane of your existence"
"Oh Vernon."
"How I feel about my cake day being 7 days away"
"A guide dog meeting Pluto at Disneyland"
"Me after visiting almost any NSFW subreddits"
"When you visit r/new for the first time expecting something funny"
"When there isn't anything good on reddit."
"How I feel browsing /rnew"
"Lunch  the way it's to be!"
"Got this awful one of Barney Stinson when I paused HIMYM"
"Um...what???"
"Creationists always say stuff like this."
"This shit needs to fly"
"&quot;And then everyone's minds were blown. Like  there was some serious mind blowing going on there. Ears were bleeding.&quot;"
"No man. I'm strapping the plane to the gun. The plane is an accessory."
"Like a bussss"
"Bitch  I'm a bus"
"Started riding the bus to work and this is how I feel every day through traffic."
"Favorite gif so far."
"One of my favorite gifs"
"At a [10]. Anyone else?"
"This is brought to you by the letter O"
"Ah yes. This makes all of the sense."
"Google Never Disappoints"
"What is this?!"
"When the teacher isn't looking"
"I replace guns in movie stills with Nintendo Zappers."
"At least there isn't much farther to go"
"No wonder why Episode 3 isn't coming out."
"This is why Half Life 3 is taking so long."
"Oh Gaben..."
"As an atheist  this is my only 9-11 takeaway. A classic repost that is more appropriate today than ever."
"This was shot down in r/pics. Obviously this community feels the same  the picture has been posted here numerous times. My only 9-11 takeaway."
"It's easy if you try.."
"Trick or Treat!"
"You son of a bitch!"
"Woke up this morning to see my comment karma was higher than my link karma..."
"Watching my parents on the computer (FIXED)"
"Monkey riding a pig. Hillarious!"
"Amazing building"
"A Giant Ass"
"So I found your mom..."
"They'll light a fire under your ass."
"OMG  this is a huge ass  wait a sec..."
"Flareon (x-post from r/pokemonwtf)"
"F-Flareon?"
"Mom made pizza rolls."
"Not sure if David Akers reaction to record tying field goal or o-face"
"When I get the feeling I'm about to sneeze  but nothing happens"
"Oh Dog..."
"What in the hell is that Teletubby doing?"
"Creepy Gomie SPOILER"
"Well...someone has to cover the big stories."
"Poor little guy"
"when i was little  this was the only video game my asian parents ever bought me"
"Just found out someone took a pic from my fb and made my a meme"
"Thats not fair!"
"Hold up."
"Wrong number"
"How I imagine it feels like to reach the front page."
"How I feel turning on the AC today in Mississippi (100 F)"
"I hope the original poster finds this pictures. This just popped up on my news feed."
"My baby twin sea otters"
"If only my school gave detention slips"
"Disrupting class - claiming to be reborn Jesus - That's a SUSPENSION"
"I know some of these may be re posts  but nevertheless  they are great detention fails."
"Seems legit"
"The Astros are happy"
"so much wtf"
"I'm from New York and the Giants just won. I'm not a football fan"
"How I feel watching the trailer to any new horror film"
"What...I don't even..."
"Obama-chan"
"Friend of mine just sent me this...."
"Possibly Reddit's Worst Nightmare."
"Comrade Mario"
"Was browsing reddit with TV on in the background when suddenly..."
"Me when I tell my console gaming friends the sales I am getting with steam."
"Puppy likes Kpop"
"When I'm the only one on the dance floor"
"Couldn't help but make the connection..."
"Shake Your Body Line"
"Loca dog"
"Stay Classy"
"FOX news isnt gonna like this one."
"The only party i've ever been to... [foreveralone.jpg]"
"Smart homeless man"
"How to get money from rich people."
"The best homeless pitch I've seen in a while"
"Apparently being in first place is equivalent to kidnapping Liam Neeson's daughter."
"How's last place treatin' ya now?"
"Whenever I get the blue shell in mario kart"
"Every fucking time I get in first...."
"This just popped up on my facebook feed... That escalated quickly."
"Like if you enjoy muffins..."
"A second chance"
"I love the detail in the nails"
"When someone tells you about all the sex they've been having..."
"When I still have time left during an exam  but nothing left to say."
"Tunnel of Love  Kleven  Ukraine."
"Natural Tunnel"
"Where is your god now?"
"I bet her daughter likes fenga papits."
"A taste of..."
"I wonder how comfy it is"
"Your chair is baaaaaad and you should feel baaaaaaaaad!"
"Couldn't pay me to sit on this"
"Regrets."
"be careful what you wish for..."
"I guess I'll just play video games..."
"Mind. Blown."
"I did not expect that"
"Yeah..."
"How i feel joining reddit and not having photoshop  MS Paint  computer skills  nice pictures  original ideas  or clever comments."
"Lamario"
"Horse Don't Give A Fuck"
"Wat. No idea what's going on here."
"Wait for it"
"Wait for it..."
"I dont know. What I just saw."
"Medical Advances."
"Nuclear Power"
"I can't wait for the perfect moment to use this gif..."
"Most of the stories on f7u12....."
"Wrinkle-Be-Gone!"
"The feeling you get when you can't feel your phone"
"Me after losing my phone under the covers."
"amen to that."
"How I feel every time there's an election."
"When I'm the only sober one at a rave."
"When my friends are high but I can't smoke."
"When I have my friend listen to a song that I like"
"C'mon  you know you like this song."
"This literally happens when im with my friends and this song comes on"
"This seems reasonable."
"This was the only option."
"I saw this this morning and got a chuckle out of it  thought I'd share it with you guys."
"Exciting Educational Revolutions!"
"Creationism is gaining popularity every day.."
"Silly fish you guys aren't birds!"
"Stay classy  Kaz Hirai."
"This guys got it right"
"I find this level of irony too high for me to comprehend"
"I know I have my friends till the end...."
"Marco Polo"
"I have officially lost all faith in humanity."
"Smell"
"Good news  everyone!"
"There's 25 slices of cake."
"I like this guy!"
"This is one of the reasons she's my favorite porn stars! [SFW]"
"Think about it"
"Twitter Hurricane Sandy never disappoints."
"Hurricane Shanaynay"
"I don't think this twitter page understands what this meme is supposed to be."
"Just found another poor soul who's life is being altered by Reddit.."
"MJ still alive and using the same name in UK ..just sayin.."
"Pornhub's way of helping Beiber get over Selena."
"When I'm home alone and hear a noise"
"Sweet dreams are made of these"
"Romney v. Burns"
"who said it  mr. burns or mitt romney?"
"Totally inconspicuous."
"Hemingway runs out of drank."
"Men In The Baby Food Department"
"How a mountaineer's day starts"
"Bowser can't touch my style"
"No fucks given"
"The Original Pokemon Master[FIXED]"
"Fare thee well Great Leader"
"He didn't catch 'em all..."
"What...but....why?"
"Was googling some Pokemon stuff and found this..."
"This is the funniest gif I have seen in a while..."
"WUT?!"
"murder or suicide?"
"Ming Blown"
"My mind just exploded."
"Suicide Level: 99"
"Mind blown"
"Okay  I fixed it"
"poor Fred."
"Every sysadmin's nightmare."
"Refreshing."
"Hits the Spot"
"ERRMAHGERD PEPSI"
"How I feel when Mars rover Curiosity successfully lands on Mars!"
"How I felt watching Curiosity land on Mars"
"Sitting in an astronomy research institute  watching Curiosity land on Mars..."
"I'm having my breakfast with the refreshing taste of science"
"How all of Reddit feels right now... [FIXED]"
"There's no reason I can't stop watching this. But  here I am."
"Martian Sunset"
"reddit's top 80 powerful photos compiled from a previous post on reddit[slightly NSFW]"
"A Sunset on Mars"
"Sunset on Mars (x/post from r/pics)"
"Sunset on Mars"
"In my school  this was installed on every PC."
"Does anyone else remember this game? Serious question  I really don't know if it was popular or not but it was a pretty huge part of my childhood"
"Total shot in the dark  but how many of you played this demon of a game as a child?"
"Mortal Kombat Disco"
"Mortal Kombat Disco"
"Mortal Kombat on Ice"
"Nokia 3310 now with camera"
"everything checks out"
"Chinese Brocori."
"That's how I say it"
"SNIPER! GET DOWN!!"
"ill save you fellow kitteh"
"GET DOWN!"
"Sniper! I'll save you!"
"Censorship"
"Stark &amp; Recreation"
"Some of my facial expressions while browsing /r/gonewild"
"Me holding my poker face"
"Mwah"
"Gimme kiss"
"Cat kisses"
"Kissing cat"
"If you park like this fuck you!"
"My reaction to all of these &quot;No-fap September&quot; posts"
"President Obama's new campaign poster"
"This kid doesn't stand a chance"
"Hey guys  look what I found in a nearby volcano."
"How I feel waking up on my last day of University ever"
"This is how Diablo 3 is making me feel"
"As the clock approaches midnight  this sums up my feelings about Sundays."
"Earth's location in the universe"
"This is MY favourite multiplayer map.."
"10 Canine Commandments - if you love dogs  you'll love this."
"Found this online somewhere  dog people may appreciate it."
"my precious"
"Smart dog"
"FUCK YEAA"
"Whenever I try to jump on the latest karma train"
"Just sharing my favorite gif for my cakeday."
"Boston terrier vs. ball"
"When I have to downvote a majority of the submissions here because they don't understand /r/shittyreactiongifs"
"Mom of the year"
"No hope left."
"The first lion in Sweden. (1600th century) The taxidermist was not familiar with lions."
"A lion was given as a gift to the swedish king in the 1600th century. When it died the royal taxidermist (whom never seen a live lion) did his best to stuff it  i think he nailed it!"
"My friend sent me this picture today  I felt like it described everyone one Reddit."
"It Works!!!"
"I'd pick him up for sure."
"So little  so cute"
"Just made the least manly noise possible  not even ashamed"
"He didn't want to be rude"
"But... otters... supposed to be... cute..."
"Otter eating a watermelon"
"I feel like this sometimes."
"Fishworld"
"Best. Birthday. Ever."
"how my cakeday is going..."
"Subway uses midgets to make their sandwiches look bigger?"
"Henry  you're tearing this family apart!"
"It's a helluva drug."
"How I feel with graduation just months away"
"They make it sound so easy..."
"Just get a job..."
"How I feel as a graduating senior"
"This is how i feel when someone tells me to get a job."
"My first time making out with a girl."
"When I go to bed and already masturbated during the day."
"Business Cat is ready for his first day at work"
"Is this MMDs new assistant? (x-post from r/aww)"
"Freshman Kitty Is Ready For His first Day of High School"
"No need for facial reactions."
"How I feel about all the Chuck Testa posts"
"What happens if you leave the car unlocked in..."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"All I can think when I hear about Hurricane Sandy"
"Am I the only one who thinks this looks like a girl bent over?"
"Thesaurus"
"Not even trying"
"Can I just step over...no...no? Ok bye."
"I cant BEAR the ending"
"Sense - This bag makes none."
"Well  I'm sold!"
"For Sale: 1995 Pontiac Grand AM"
"Boys  THIS is how you sell a car."
"When I heard about oppa gangnam style"
"What I think of when I hear something about that Gangnam Style song..."
"Oh it's never original"
"I cannot stop laughing every time i look at internet explorer"
"BROWSER WARS!"
"Browser Wars"
"As a wheelchair user myself  at first I was like  &quot;I gotta try that ... on secondhand…&quot;"
"As a wheelchair user myself  first I was like  &quot;I gotta to try that… I'm secondhand… &quot; [xpost r/gifs]"
"Being downvoted to oblivion after attempting to repost an image that previously front-paged"
"It's really impressive all the weight i see people lose on reddit lately  but to tell you the truth..."
"This is what happens when you leave your car window open on reddit."
"&quot;Played hours of video games with my girlfriend and then she made this incredible art!&quot;"
"GUYS. THIS KITTEN. ;u;"
"DON'T TOUCH ME!"
"Roll over"
"Ninja kitty"
"So ... damn ... cute"
"Super Cat"
"attack kitten"
"Amazing Baseball Photography"
"Sandplant"
"The rarely seen successful back flip."
"'That looks fun  give me a go!'"
"Iraq war for dummies....."
"Oh...Sorry  Iraq..."
"The Middle East"
"I had fun once"
"Once."
"It was awful..."
"I had fun once..."
"What I think of every time my friends tell me that going to some new years party will be 'fun'."
"Haters gonna... haters gonna- gonna-- oh shit  shhiiiiiiiiiiii"
"Haters gonna Haaa...whooaaa SHIIIII!!!"
"The one gif that always make me smile  for you on my Cakeday."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Awesome Evolution chart by Leonard Eisenberg"
"Evolution Chart - Bacteria to humans in only 3.5 billion years."
"duck party!"
"Goose Dick"
"Sunday evening at 11 pm"
"YAY! Awwww. YAY!! Awwwww."
"Watching an argument."
"the show must go on"
"stay classy"
"Bite your pillow..."
"Suite mate has a loud girlfriend  should I post this on the door?"
"Gets me everytime"
"The astonishing moment an owl snatched up a full-grown cat for a 'light' meal."
"You'll hear it when you see it"
"Every GODDAMN furry animal"
"How i feel after i give my cat a bath."
"Right in the childhood"
"We would ride till the heavens fell"
"Take No Prisoners! Burn The Village to the Ground!"
"At Dawn"
"When I finish school on a Friday"
"jim lahey"
"Ladies and gentleman of Reddit  I present to you... A baby red panda!"
"Wendy's Sonnnnnnnnnn."
"All 14 people found this review helpful!!"
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful."
"The best review ever."
"Review Was Helpful"
"In my next life i want to live it backwards."
"Woody makes a good point..."
"Woody Allen gets it"
"Aging Backwards [fixed]"
"If only this was how life really was."
"Me every time I browse r/WTF"
"D'awwww! Cutest thing ever!"
"A gun being fired under water."
"Firing a handgun underwater"
"dogs vs human *warning very intense*"
"Bitches got speed"
"Why I'll never play sexy dice [fixed]"
"The one upvote I automatically get on my submissions..."
"100% birth control [FIXED]"
"OH GOD WHY"
"If Pong were originally released in the app store"
"Mesocyclone inside supercell thunderstorm !!!!!!!!!!"
"Real life Supreme Verdict (x-post from r/pics)"
"Sky Goatse"
"My response when I discovered my new job has no dress code."
"These &quot;like if you&quot; facebook post are getting more violent."
"Just got this error message..."
"Totaljerkface.com was down  this was the error"
"I refreshed the page while I was playing Happy Wheels and this is what happened."
"Sax Master"
"My reaction when something I post gets an upvote"
"Not sure if this has been done before..."
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"Meanwhile in Texas"
"How not to transport a cow."
"How Not To Transport A Cow."
"Dubai from above"
"Where's your nose?"
"Socially awkward potter"
"The greeks invented anal lube. [SFW]"
"What really happened to dinosaurs"
"Snake on a plane"
"My search for a Halloween costume is complete!"
"What rain looks like when you're in the sky"
"Rainfall  big picture"
"Rain  as seen from a plane."
"This is how Rain looks when you are in AIR"
"Isolated shower"
"What rain looks like from above"
"What rain looks like from the air."
"What the hell....I can't even think of the words to make a reaction."
"Sneak peak at the Spiderman reboot"
"Obama negotiating with pirate"
"Reading the NSFW threads in AskReddit"
"When your girlfriend tells you her boobs grew."
"How I feel as an Aerospace Engineering student that Curiosity was successful"
"When you first find r/gonewild"
"I was not expecting that.."
"My reaction after looking at these next stall in the bathroom posts"
"That view. That moment."
"Felix Baumgartner's jump"
"Free Falling"
"Felix and 'that' moment."
"Felix's jump. WOW."
"Felix Baumgartners Jump"
"Felix Baumgartners Space Jump GIFS for all your forum needs"
"Free Falling From Space"
"Okay  I'm out of here"
"Shut up and take my money"
"YSK how the eurozone bailouts work"
"PROFESSOR: Oh yeah  it's really important that you get the latest edition of all your school books."
"Fronds"
"Lolwut"
"I love me some Fronds"
"Friends"
"Not a single fuck was given"
"How to take a school photo"
"Mind blown."
"Crack your mind [pic] xpost /funny"
"Trippy"
"Mount Everest"
"Some stuff on the Internet  makes NO SENSE."
"Lockheed AC-130 leaving behind flare &quot;Angels of Death&quot;"
"In the beginning"
"if only everyone would understand this..."
"My friend made this vaporeon outfit for her cat"
"The last supper -- clown style"
"Last supper."
"Just a dog on a swing..."
"Still the best picture on the internet..."
"DAFUQ"
"How does this bird fly with such massive balls?!"
"Ponder Dog"
"Before Google..."
"Came across my FB Feed this morning. Spread the picture in hopes of someone identifying this bastard."
"Reddit justice needed: Asshole who thinks beating up a pit bull makes him look tough"
"Came across this on FB. Guy abusing dog. Quite horrible. Sorry if repost. NSFW."
"Help this dog get Justice!"
"How I feel whenever a good Facebook fight breaks out"
"My reaction when I found out my hot co-worker posts to /gonewild"
"How I Feel Whenever I Browse a Thread Involving Ron Paul"
"When i'm at a friend's house and his mother starts yelling at him."
"It's lunch time"
"Wait what is this wizzardy?"
"Fine  you got me."
"Cheeseburgers aren't shoes  dog!"
"The Solution to Multiples"
"Ghetto Socks"
"A llama on a surfboard. 'nuf said."
"A weaboo finally finds a way to be happy for a low price"
"UUUGHHH. It hurts so fucking much reading this."
"Here's my present to reddit on my cake day."
"Me after taking a large amount of Ecstacy"
"Curiosity takes a self-portrait."
"Curiosity  the Mars rover  sends a self-shot back to Earth."
"Curiosity takes a MySpace self-shot. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Baby Koala"
"It's my 1 year Reddit birthday so Ill just leave this here"
"Karma Whoring: Am I doing it right?"
"Karma Whoring: Am I doing it right? Or how to point out an obvious photoshop for your gullible mind."
"No words..."
"I was looking up a Jerry Maguire gif  and I stumbled upon this..."
"Faith in humanity level: 2012"
"The best tactic"
"The best advice."
"My cat's reaction to hearing cats through my speakers"
"I was actually looking away while uploading this image cause it was too wtf"
"OH YOU!"
"I'm getting mixed messages."
"What the...?"
"I don't wanna know what led to this..."
"when i saw one of my comments got me 80+ karma"
"fatality."
"its been too long.."
"techno viking goes mad"
"&quot;Nobody move!! I can't find my nuts!&quot;"
"Google image searched &quot;not a good idea&quot;. This came up"
"goodluck..."
"Takes some studying"
"Me as a new Redditor whenever I get one upvote"
"When I tell a joke that makes people laugh"
"how I felt after discovering breaking bad"
"how I felt after finding out my school was closed tomorrow"
"how I felt after finding out my school will be closed tomorrow"
"Breathtaking view of the milky way from the surface of mars."
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Stunning early image of Milky Way from Mars!"
"breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Copycat"
"That? No  no  he's not mine."
"Wind owns wind surfer"
"Come fly with me"
"I'm an American."
"This has probably been done  but ain't it the truth"
"MURICA"
"One Spaced-Out Cat"
"Challenge Accepted"
"Sash Grey will give it a go - Sorry if this is a re-post"
"My first Gary Larsen comic is still my favorite"
"Pull"
"A classic for my cakeday."
"Brazil has been doing some remodeling."
"i think you got him"
"How I feel Down-Voting Terrible Posts that made it to the front page somehow.."
"How I feel downvoting Trolls"
"When people tell that what I'm eating is fattening[FIXED]"
"Say hello to my little friend"
"In relation to the Pride parade in New York City yesterday.. Your move society"
"The monkey flower...."
"Monkey Faced Orchid"
"When I get an unexpected sandwich"
"Alison Brie holding a kitten. Choo choo!"
"50 Shades of Legos."
"Nothing says love like a bar bathroom. [saved this just for my cakeday]"
"Almost too freaked out to post this..."
"When you see it"
"Panacea [gif]"
"I dare you"
"The current state of r/WTF"
"That's the last time I play imgur roulette"
"Typical horror movie kill scene"
"My walk home after refusing a full-time summer job offer in today's economy."
"Blowy on the Forth Road Bridge  Scotland"
"My great grandfather's tablet from 1894!"
"118 Years of Tablet Design"
"Tablet Family Reunion [xpost  r/history]"
"good Cat"
"A pile of bison skulls in the 1870s. This is despicable"
"Wonder what happened to the American Bison."
"Buffalo"
"Arrested Development"
"To the person who sold my 80 year old grandmother a smart phone"
"Like I give a fuck"
"Like I give a f*ck!"
"Not a single fuck was given that day."
"One of my all-time favorites"
"HIFW &quot;My password is too easy to guess&quot;"
"Hong Kong skyline."
"Incredible"
"Hong Kong at Night. [4670 x 2000]"
"Hong Kong skyline"
"The stats on internet pornography"
"Porn (SFW)"
"Nordic Eyes"
"Make these again!"
"Omnomnomnomnom"
"soup guise rate me pls no h8."
"The best workout."
"Age Verification Win"
"Om nom."
"We all have a hidden talent inside all of us..."
"Just a picture from a Japanese game show."
"[=]_[=]"
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"face bantage"
"What."
"Silly Asians"
"She'll be back.."
"It's you and me..."
"That's a big corner of nope!"
"Cuddling with his favorite teddy."
"This is how you take a picture [from 1920s]"
"What my nephew does for 20 minutes after I kiss him when wearing my mountain dew lip gloss."
"When I go to the beach but forget my chapstick at home."
"Mfw I'm walking through a buffet"
"So far at college I have accumulated exactly this many cool kid points:"
"Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  Pool Hustler"
"Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  Pool Hustler"
"So  I just found out that it's my cake day..."
"[gif] Glory to hypno-toad!"
"At first I didn- ALL GLORY..."
"How I felt making my Reddit cakeday on my real cakeday"
"He demanded the front page. I tried to give him Glory..."
"CAKEDAY!"
"I waited a year to post this and missed it by a day. Fuck the police  I'm doing it anyway."
"All glory to the hypnotoad"
"I don't want to know"
"3"
"3"
"City Hall subway station  New York City"
"Actors recreate their most famous roles in this fantastic series of photos."
"dave"
"Here is what hooked me on Reddit. Still makes me laugh my ass off every time I see it."
"A friend took this picture in China"
"Lady taking her... bird for a walk."
"I saw a tombstone here on Reddit...this is what I plan to have on mine"
"The frozen Abiqua Falls  Marion County  Oregon"
"Back Country Wood Rider"
"Excuse me sir..."
"Excuse me  sir..."
"excmue me sir"
"Stephen Colbert."
"Everytime my Boss would turn his back..."
"greatest gif on the internet."
"Colbert"
"You're drunk. Again."
"How reddit reacts to most of my posts..."
"Nooooo. NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!"
"Everytime I go to the front page and all the links are blue..."
"When you make a yellow light at a light that you know takes forever"
"As a new Redditor  this is my reaction to every upvote"
"Looked at my trophy case this morning"
"Curiosity landed safely"
"r/science right now...."
"Exactly what I did when I recently reached 100 link karma"
"My friend thought he was slick."
"My summer reading progress."
"French Reddit"
"Lol"
"That'll be $50."
"Babby duck"
"Happy duckling"
"Im gonna get you."
"Reddit hypnosis"
"Reddit hypnosis (x-post from r/gifs)"
"ALL HAIL REDDIT HYPNOSIS"
"Hypno-kitty"
"It wants an upvote"
"lsd cat."
"Trippy Cat"
"Looks like the cat's on acid again (possible re-post)"
"Acid Cats"
"that ONE guy at the bar.."
"You must enjoy the simple things."
"Romney Ryan ticket ---- Maybe there is something to this!"
"How I feel when I see a nude scene in a movie  but I'm comfortable."
"All reditors on r/science and r/technology last night."
"Something's moving inside my foot"
"Ever get an itch on your foot? (nsfl)"
"My reaction when couples say they miss each other on facebook!"
"When a girl tells me I'm completely immature about sex. [OC]"
"This is the worst how-to book I have ever seen!"
"My cat got a little pissed when i told him to stop what he was doing and look up at the camera"
"Worst. How-to-book. Ever."
"I guess not"
"Bacon! Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon.... BACON!"
"Was that a leg?"
"we should ban life jackets"
"The only 100% effective way of preventing drowning is not going in the water."
"Snoop dogg"
"TIL what a shaved bear looks like  and I think it's freakier than a normal bear."
"Bare Bear will haunt your nightmares"
"And here's a hairless bear..."
"I present to you  the hairless bear."
"Bear without fur = hellbeast"
"I see your hairless raccoon and raise you one hairless bear!"
"I see your shaved raccoon  and raise you a hairless bear."
"Seriously though  poor thing"
"A hairless bear."
"15 MB hard-drive in the 80's...wait  HOW MUCH?"
"What a Ride!!!"
"Bad-ass Popeye  the tattoos are awesome!"
"Man getting shot in the face with a bow and arrow on live TV (gif)"
"Russia's Got Talent"
"OMAIGAWD NSFW!!!!!"
"So I saw this r/gaming guide.."
"Training Wheels."
"Bear Cub!"
"Man mauled by bear"
"Bear attack"
"When baby bears attack"
"Fear me!"
"How it feels to go out when you already have a relationship."
"Cutest Puppy in the World!"
"Cuteness Overload."
"Every time I see this face..."
"Oh my."
"be my friend?"
"So small and fluffy"
"So damn cute!"
"Criminals beware!"
"Just Pure Awesomeness"
"To The Rescue!"
"Best. Cosplay. Ever."
"Best. Cosplay. Ever."
"Speaking of things kids these days won't experience"
"Captive wolf challenging the alpha male."
"Ready For Take-Off"
"Super cat"
"This Cat want to fly..."
"College in a nutshell (FIXED)"
"What I dread most every day"
"How to troll Reddit."
"Something nedds to be done about this."
"You know it's college finals season when..."
"I've been seeing this all day  we're going to need to start voting some people off."
"the longest &quot;few minutes&quot; of my life"
"How I can tell that it's either the beginning of dead week or finals week"
"All flipping day!"
"This has been happening very often lately - Reddit  is there anything that we can do about this?"
"Must Be Finals Time"
"Today's most popular image on reddit."
"Upvotes hurt reddit?"
"Hey guys  guess what?"
"Looks like it's finals week for Reddit too"
"Now what am i supposed to do"
"Spam Click Refresh!?!?!"
"Pythagorean Theorem"
"Pythagorean Theorem"
"Best interpretation of hurricane Sandy."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"The Dark Hedges in Antrim  Ireland."
"Being an engineering student  this is how I feel towards my Professors and TAs"
"you're not on the guest list"
"I see your favorite .gif  and raise you mine."
"No risks here!"
"A pill we could all use from time to time...."
"This is what my face looks like when I fart in a car full of people."
"How I feel every morning when I go to Reddit"
"Me  realizing that the ropes around the ring that I am in are made of licorice"
"My exact reaction to seeing this"
"My reaction when they say the name of the movie in the movie."
"Right before clicking a link from a comment that was heavily upvoted"
"My reaction whenever I clog the toilet and it unclogs itself"
"Extreme kayaking"
"Damn it feels good to be a gangsta"
"I googled kitten  this is what came up..."
"How I feel watching all these fit athletes at the Olympics"
"New definition of hardcore!"
"I googled /r/WTF and... uh... here ya go."
"Beware vodk drinking dwarfs..."
"What?"
"Is it just me  or did r/WTF turn into r/Gore lately? Fucking people go to the emergency room everyday for stupid accidents. Whatever happened to shit like this?"
"So I was wondering how to effectively troll and...."
"It's sad how excited I was to see this"
"Water Drops"
"Sweetie  your dinner is ready! Coming..."
"Via NASA: Star + Black Hole"
"This is why the universe is amazing."
"Truth or dare in Middle Earth"
"That's not how you tip..."
"fried chicken?"
"Imgur roulette finally payed off! Pay that black man with fried chicken  goddammit!"
"I want one."
"Derpy baby Hippo!"
"We need more baby hippos!"
"Running down a dream"
"Well that makes me want to stop wakeboarding"
"Me after stuttering while presenting in front of the class"
"&quot;Same size&quot; party"
"What I'm like when I'm relying on an upvote at 0 points."
"Working Dog"
"What's your specialty?"
"Overly Manly Men"
"Only overly manly men have pictures of overly manly men on their walls"
"How to pick up chicks: Its fast  easy  and 100% guaranteed!"
"Reddit  I found this for you: How to pick up chicks"
"Made my day"
"how to pick up chicks"
"The best way to pick up chicks"
"The truest thing I've found on the internet."
"that's how I imagine it would go"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"What it feels like to get 1000 upvotes from someone else's content."
"I...no."
"Now that r/WTF is back to normal  I figured this was quite relevant."
"Right before school"
"Cave exploration."
"Splashing!"
"Cyanide &amp; Happiness"
"&quot;I think I want to have sex. &quot;"
"&quot;I think I want to have sex&quot;"
"no hes not"
"Holy Shit."
"How I felt when I stumbled upon /r/spacedicks"
"Your mom comes home  and you realize you didnt do the ONE thing you were supposed to"
"Your girlfriend comes home  and you realize you didn't do the ONE thing you were supposed to [FIXED]"
"When I see a spider on the wall..."
"Whenever my girlfriend asks which of her friends are the cutest."
"when my mom asks me a question about me smoking."
"Shark versus Narwhal (not a syfy movie)"
"Grandma  put a shirt on!"
"Down vote for life"
"Weird comic I'm just seeing for the first time ever in my life."
"Tip of the hat"
"Hello Mr.Mushroom!"
"I wish this would happen every time I see a douchefag tip his cowboy hat to someone"
"(Fixed)"
"EEERRRAAAAHHHHHGGGRRRRREEEERRRR!!!!!!"
"My favorite downvote gif from GoT by far."
"slow motion left hook"
"Orange hair  beautiful eyes  pale skin  high socks"
"Too deep."
"Too deep [SFW]"
"Elves"
"The life of an elf."
"The hard life of an elf"
"Jeffery Likes it loud"
"Jump around"
"Be thankful this isn't happening in your hometown."
"The girl with de avengers montage"
"He Missed."
"Fat man in black (Pt.2)"
"Every. single. time."
"Deal with it"
"MIB 3 is coming out  time to practice some more..."
"When I try to look cool in front of popular people"
"Oh the humanity!"
"I don't care how old this is  it still makes me laugh (First Post!)"
"For my cake day: Ridiculously Photogenic Receiver"
"When someone comments but doesnt upvote"
"You want to see his tail wag"
"Tail Wag."
"Corgi in a swing."
"What do we say to getting robbed? Not today!"
"NOPE!"
"When I'm feeling hungry"
"You had ONE job  Michael!"
"White Lines"
"We Have A Problem"
"Poor guy. He's still got half way to go."
"That seems about right."
"Seems about right..."
"How I feel as Muslim when I hear about what is going on in the Middle East"
"My reaction to realizing I just reached 4k comment karma.."
"Nailed it (fixed)"
"Gee  i don't know guys.."
"Alright Mr. Kirtsmith  truth or dare?"
"Truth or dare?"
"OOOOHHHHHH!!!!"
"Wait. What?"
"Truth or Dare"
"Truth...or Dare?"
"Truth or Dare"
"Gets me every time."
"Slumber party court"
"One thing Reddit has taught me about my thoughts and habits."
"Get the London look"
"The London Look"
"Another happy family photo."
"Some pictures tell a story."
"i dont know where to start"
"The Ultimate Secret Relationship."
"A peeling..."
"Gentlemen  I am a Banana"
"Pandas are assholes."
"Awwters"
"Awww otters"
"Since these seem to be popular  have some otter cubs"
"Someone who loves you - Up/Star Wars crossover art"
"UP - Star Wars edition."
"This actually made me say aww irl"
"A baby lemur with a stuffed animal  That's Why!"
"Got you!"
"Cats vs Dogs: A Gif Set (14 Gifs)"
"Tag you're it!"
"**poke**"
"Boop."
"Boink!"
"Every time when my Girl Friend tells me not to touch her boobs [SFW]"
"its my first cake day and my 24th birthday so here is my favorite cat gif"
"Yeah. Fuck You! I Do What I Want."
"Boop"
"Just an average day at the park..."
"They told me I could be anything so I became..."
"Batter up!"
"Mario Logic"
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful…"
"Photobomb"
"Ha ha ha (pic)"
"YEAAAAAAAAAAAH Flowers!"
"Cannot Contain The Happy"
"OHEMGEE FLOWERSSS"
"Awww Yeah Flowers!"
"AWWW YEAHHH FLOWERS!!!"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like hands."
"Hulk Hogan WTF.."
"I.. I just can't look away..."
"So I just found this picture of Hulk Hogan..."
"Neverending Hulk Hogan."
"Hulk Hogan"
"Googled &quot;dafuq.&quot; Yup."
"Went to the gym today..."
"This takes weird to a whole new level..."
"IMMA FIRIN MAH GUIDO."
"My Favorite gif"
"So I was going through pictures on my computer...."
"Breaking Ned"
"Coming this fall from the creators of the Simpsons"
"I love the too many tabs tourist agency!"
"Fuck the Police"
"Punch all your buns."
"I'm a Buff Baby That Can Dance Like a Man"
"pig dog thing"
"Can we keep it? Please Mum?"
"Typed in 'weird ass shit'  and this is what I got"
"It's lunch time"
"Time for lunch!"
"Falcon PUNCH!"
"FALCON PUNCH!!!"
"Too much power for the CPU"
"Fear and Loathing at Tatooine"
"We were 10 miles outside Mos Eisley when the drugs began to take hold."
"Being good housewives."
"guiness  taste the rainbow"
"So that is what's at the end of a rainbow!"
"The end of the rainbow eh?"
"Taste the rainbow"
"Nooooo  not my ferrari!"
"Clever (gif)"
"Waxing the Ferrari When Suddenly..."
"I was cleaning my Ferrari  and this happened"
"Why can't I stop laughing?"
"Too much awesome for one picture"
"I'm babysitting my niece and this is pretty much how its gong."
"Gorgeous Pathway"
"Colorful path"
"Pikachu got dem moves"
"Sweaty or..."
"These girls showing off their Halloween costumes on Reddit..."
"Facebook"
"Forgetting you have a cut and then using purell"
"In the Ukraine protesters mace the police."
"Dear OWS Movement Members  Perhaps more like this and less like usual  eh?"
"In Ukraine  protestors mace the police."
"This bacon's a little wet..."
"when pigs ... swim"
"I have no words (x-post from r/gifs)"
"This was hard to do."
"Focus level: Korean"
"To the last breath"
"When someone calls 'bullshit' on a front page post"
"I want one too!"
"My favorite &quot;Maeby moment&quot;"
"Greatest show ever."
"Where can I find a necklace with a 'T' on it?"
"How to eat ramen like a boss!"
"Every day"
"Apple Logic"
"Reddit's relationship with Liam Neeson as of late."
"Reddit's recent relationship with Gordon Ramsay."
"Ride em' cowboy!"
"Nice try Tonto! (GIF)"
"Not today  bitch!"
"It seemed like a good idea."
"Trick or treat!"
"Just a girl  her figurine  and her dreams."
"There are no words... (comic)"
"One American trend I don't mind."
"The Gingerbread Man IRL"
"With the enough Cat Karma comes great powers.."
"Cat Wizardry (X-post from r/aww)"
"Cool guys don't look at explosions."
"101% BADASS"
"Hi  I'm Felix Baumgartner  and welcome to Jackass!"
"Brave Felix"
"THIS."
"I actually found something of interest on Facebook!"
"Mario finds his princess  just not in the way he wants..."
"watermelon to rind in .5 seconds.."
"How I eat when I'm home alone"
"Whenever I give my girlfriend oral sex. [FIXED]"
"First time playing a PC game and its GW2"
"I guess we missed World War 3-10"
"I talked to science. They said it's true."
"Einstein &amp; Bohr chillin': What might they say/think?"
"Niels Bohr with Albert Einstein"
"Niels Bohr with Albert Einstein"
"Today is scientist Niels Bohrs birthday  here is a picture of him discussing the quantum theory with Eisenstein"
"I bet Mario is dancing."
"Sums up an early 1990's argument..."
"Someone put skimmed milk in my coffee today."
"How as an American I feel about Australia's spiders"
"Stepping Stones"
"The path"
"Discrimination."
"Kitten likes being scared"
"When I see people posting pictures of 9/11 on facebook just to get more &quot;likes&quot;."
"How I feel being allergic to turkey on Thanksgiving."
"I see your calving &amp; hobbes background and raise you mine: religion in a nutshell"
"How I feel when I see someone talking about religion."
"Soccer fatality"
"Soccer fatality..."
"Downvoting an Already Failing Post"
"Dog's diary Cat's diary"
"Diary"
"Drunk baby"
"I cant even say the alphabet"
"Then i told the officer..."
"And i was all like..."
"I knew Link would get one of these."
"Link found a new item!"
"This is why I'm terrible at job interviews"
"Whenever I have to do a power point presentation; who am I kidding  EVERY TIME I TALK"
"Why I love Ron Swanson"
"Take this  racism."
"Pew pew pew pew"
"Pew pew."
"Pew pew."
"Pew Pew"
"Thought this looked cool  Inside a hurricane's eye"
"He got nothing to worry about  such a good life."
"Seriously?"
"Reddit's reaction to the sesame street hacking"
"Musical Chairs"
"How I feel being on Reddit for a year and the only posts that have gotten me Karma are X-posts"
"after making it to the front page  how i feel about my posts that do not make it"
"My original TIL..."
"Whoa"
"WTFKZ"
"Guys  contain your orgasms."
"Swag? What is swag?"
"The things that pop up on my facebook feed"
"You're fuckng weird  Jesus."
"Cyanide and Happiness..."
"My friend found this on Facebook..."
"I'm sure he'll get the job!"
"how to get a job"
"Uh.. . Yes  thank you?"
"My reaction when people claim to &quot;stumble&quot; onto r/spacedicks"
"Like i give a fuck"
"Forget Tasmania... here's a tulip farm in Holland"
"Some of my favorite dog gifs"
"Wrestling Midget Face Slide"
"Awesome slide  midget."
"I F***ing love midgets...and wrestling."
"Great jump...almost."
"I anticipated my cakeday for an entire year  and missed it."
"Nailed it"
"How I feel posting on Reddit..."
"Nailed it."
"3rd world countries have it easy..."
"&quot;What will happen in the next 100 years&quot; published in 1911"
"Kate Upton Dancing"
"Kate style!"
"Thought this is interesting enough to be on the podcast"
"See you later"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"no  its the beer thats addicted to me"
"How's this for a Halloween costume?"
"The basic idea behind Reddit and its users."
"Christians don't believe in 2869 gods"
"For every upvote  I'm going to receive 1 upvote."
"How I looked doing Zumba for the first time."
"After finally reaching 1000 Karma!"
"My new car alarm."
"Some days are worse than others."
"Critical Hit!"
"don't you hate it when this happens? (xpost from /r/funny)"
"What I was expecting from NASA's Curiosity."
"My Dick"
"Just the tip I promise!"
"This has no explanation."
"Lucky russian"
"(un)luckiest man on earth?"
"Felix  you sir are the man. Red Bull Stratos Jump"
"Felix found Ramos ball ..."
"I wish they could see what I see"
"An updated view of the jump today (not the old picture)."
"I got this guy's bar tab if I ever meet him and he's drinking top shelf all night long."
"I really am too"
"After reading my Facebook feed this afternoon."
"How I've been feeling lately"
"I just moved out and I don't have a proper connection yet in my room."
"It's kind of sad"
"How I feel when people post about something they don't care about"
"A sad reality in my mid 20s'"
"How I feel getting on Facebook the day after my high school's homecoming dance."
"Masterbating spider-man"
"50 Shades of Hay"
"Douchebag level: Pug"
"The King of Fishers"
"Seems legit to me."
"Puma"
"Forgive me  my dear  but I suspect that  whatever action you are attempting  you are going about it incorrectly."
"New role model acquired"
"As a programmer  this is how I feel at the end of the day"
"When i try to pick up the remote drunk"
"can someone make this gif the same way it is without yolo at the end of it?"
"Classic Gaben..."
"Dog fonts"
"If dogs were fonts..."
"Saw my first seahorse at the beach today"
"I don't know what to make of these..."
"Magical Abortion"
"Houdini greatest trick!"
"Abracadabra"
"wat"
"Wut"
"I'm trying to eat!"
"Take this!"
"All these scumbag fat girls seems to be a venting of frustrations. This is the only way I can seem to get you guys to smile it off."
"MFW I found an entire subreddit who confused this girl saying &quot;No&quot; for &quot;Stop&quot;"
".....hammer time."
"My brain when i click a link  thinking it'll be different"
"For all the newbies  here is brief video introduction to what this subreddit is all about. It's a great community  but  please  play by the rules."
"Looking at my front page after subbing this."
"MFW people post things on this subreddit that aren't TheStopGirl."
"For $1 000 000 - What is the opposite of Go?"
"I've seen some weird things around here..."
"well hello ther- oh....oh my..."
"Do YOU have a foot fetish? This ones for you."
"Found While Searching &quot;Lady on a Cell Phone&quot;.."
"Best Story Ever. Includes Sonic  giant boobs  and Mountain Dew!"
"Do you think we can walk on the sun?"
"Bike for seal"
"I'm not sure what happened here  but I'm kinda sad i wasn't invited"
"I don't know which one scares me more..."
"Alien vs Predator."
"The feeling you get when you finally find the song you're looking for."
"For a few seconds  this place was Armageddon!"
"Reddit: The wrong neighborhood"
"And he did indeed"
"Curiosity"
"Every scary video on Youtube summed up in one gif."
"A Merry Time at the Playground"
"everytime i find a good comment string on reddit"
"Whenever I'm watching Christopher Hitchens in a debate"
"When I see a religious person's video on youtube and it has a lot of dislikes."
"I'm from Quebec  and this is how I fell every time I see a post about it."
"How I feel whenever a new meme starts to become popular"
"When I open my favorite salad dressing bottle and it lacks the plastic o-ring limiter"
"When I need to log in to see a video on youtube"
"What's running through my mind as I prepare my first watermelon of the summer"
"Seeing a spelling mistake in the title and clicking comments."
"When I hear that my crush is on the school basketball team"
"I feel like many of you suffer from this allergy (Cyanide and Happiness)"
"This is exactly how I feel on facebook"
"What happens to a typical redditor....."
"I wonder what song was playing?"
"Searched for 'Fuck that reddit' in Google  and this came up!"
"I googled &quot;Who is Reddit?&quot; This is what I got..."
"How I feel trying to bang chicks that are taller than me"
"Remember..."
"Always remember:"
"Remember  when somebody annoys you.."
"Remember..."
"When people piss me off..."
"The real Captain Obvious"
"My face after standing up fast with low blood pressure."
"That's religion."
"Religion in a rather large nutshell."
"Atheism in a rather large nutshel [xpost from /r/pics]"
"Motherfucking Sabin"
"Suplex!!"
"True Love"
"Romney's kids - just a little mistake"
"romney"
"r/money"
"How I feel looking at stuff with crazy upvotes"
"Every time I see pictures of injuries on the front page..."
"Is this what we've come to?"
"I still don't get it."
"/r/atheism lately"
"Calling all female redditors....."
"I was camping this weekend and unable to get on reddit..."
"What everybody is thinking.."
"Seriously /r/gaming ... Who's had that childhood??"
"Reminder  you can't delete the internet!"
"In a world where synthetic materials are scarce  [Minor spoilers]"
"I can't tell if he's waving or trying to scratch.."
"That impossible to scratch spot [GIF]"
"women..."
"Pizza with Mushrooms"
"The earliest known &quot;mirror selfie&quot; c. 1920"
"Try Out My New Box?"
"Steve the cat and his friends box."
"SHIT SHIT SHIT... DID YOU SEE THAT!"
"I really don't like animals with people teeth."
"Derp  Derp  Derp"
"Sean Lee Destroyed By Golden Tate"
"My grandpa didn't like the bear in his front yard...so he turned it into a tree..."
"Please insert disc 2"
"screw vinyl  this is where it's at"
"SPOILER ALERT"
"My neighbors at 3 a.m."
"I don't even know what clever title could apply"
"Oh nothing  just a chimp feeding a baby tiger"
"A chimpanzee feeding a tiger"
"A baby monkey feeding a baby tiger."
"Just came through in my Facebook news feed. Hopefully the internet won't break..."
"WARNING!! Cuteness overload."
"Chimp feeding a tiger cub"
"?+chimp=cheta no matter its still cute"
"How cute is this?!"
"When someone yells &quot;BINGO!&quot; before you..."
"I was worried I was going to forget..."
"It's finally my Cake Day!"
"Disapproving Bird"
"This bird looks a bit disappointed."
"Brilliant"
"Ever want a vagina  but don't really want it to look all that convincing? Now you can! (nsfw)"
"How I feel when people on reddit overuse the same gifs again and again"
"When relatives decide to talk about politics..."
"Trying to troubleshoot someones computer with them at the controls."
"I used to debate religion  but anymore  this is all I can muster up."
"How I felt when my girlfriend said &quot;Handjobs are easy  it's just like milking a cow.&quot;"
"Whenever I see this gif..."
"A collection of 40+ of my favorite GIFs"
"When the person I introduced to reddit has 10 times my karma in two weeks"
"How I act when I go to comment having lost a lot of comment karma in the past"
"My reaction to this weekend's terrible posts. They are bad even for a weekend."
"When people find a lot more meaning in my posts than I intended"
"When someone says they are christian and support LGBT"
"Me watching the Browns try to play football."
"[HIFW] My grandma saying god guided evolution"
"HIFW i'm in a heated argument and get proven wrong"
"The only original content I have to give"
"Poor pigeon..."
"I still laugh every time I see this."
"Swag."
"So my wife wanted me to watch the Katy Perry movie with her. The only thing I took from the movie was this  a screenshot from the end."
"Brazzers. Katy Perry Edition. ( xpost from r/brazzersfixes )"
"The Katy Perry movie needed something"
"Grains of sand magnified 250x"
"Grains of sand magnified over 250x"
"Facebook finally comes through for me."
"When the phone rings while you’re on the toilet.."
"When the phone rings and I'm on the toilet"
"When the doorbell rings and I'm in the bathroom."
"Whenever a feather sticks out of my pillow but I can't find it."
"When my cat poops on the floor"
"The battle has already been won.."
"YOLO"
"Yolo"
"FELIX!!"
"My thoughts exactly!"
"HAPPY NEW YEARS ERR'BODY!"
"You mess with the bull .."
"Though I'd jump on the &quot;I Googled ___ and this came up&quot; bandwagon; searched 'cats' and this was second (maybe NSFL)"
"I googled &quot;Cats&quot; expecting something cute.... This was the VE RY FIRST image."
"We were worried that our cat wouldn't like our new rabbit"
"Laziness level: Disney"
"From the Chernobyl Museum?"
"I always wanted to see this happening"
"A Cicada Molting"
"it's not an alien maggot transformation  it's molting of cicada"
"This is how I've allways imagined the pokemon evolution."
"Nope. (Cicada metamorphosis)"
"How I feel in one week after buying a new gadget......."
"Superman! This is the best day of my life..."
"Superheroes?"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"Every time I open a pack of gum around my friends."
"We all like to Party Hard!"
"Did someone say PARTY?"
"HIFW my parents leave me alone at home."
"Party Hard."
"Party hard"
"PARTY HARDD."
"You will shit bricks..."
"When you eat it..."
"&quot;Wanna know how I got these scars?&quot;"
"Summer scars"
"One of the pains in my childhood.."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE."
"I wish to be this happy some day"
"New York Times art swipe?"
"Is this &quot;Fair Use&quot; [xpost from r/art] not mine"
"Is this &quot;Fair Use&quot; [xpost from r/pics and r/art] Not mine"
"Now I can die in peace."
"Yes  I can."
"All is well"
"My life is now complete."
"just WTF"
"Meanwhile  in Asian baseball"
"Someone requested this faceswap  so in my drunken stupor  I had to oblige."
"Zombie Pikachu"
"Pikachu... What have you done?!?"
"Ron how could you"
"Oh Harry you dog."
"Horny Harry"
"How I feel on that special week every month"
"See you later!"
"Felix Baumgartner's jump from 24 miles above Earth"
"Clicked link to /r/spacedicks"
"tricked into clicking on /r/spacedicks link"
"Art of Felix"
"Can we all just appreciate this for a second?"
"All I could think of when I saw this gif..."
"Can someone please turn this into a downvote of amazing proportions. (PS: Amazing accomplishment on buddy's behalf)"
"I'm burning through the sky..."
"Gangsters in Space!"
"SPAAAAAAAAACE"
"Point of no return."
"Free Falling"
"So  that's what the other side of Mount Rushmore looks like!"
"Canadian side of Mount Rushmore"
"Billboard found on Sunset Blvd in West Hollywood"
"Advertisement WIN"
"ROOMMMAAANNNNN"
"Watching my dad (a GP doctor) watch House is more entertaining than the show"
"As a doctor  this is how i feel watching Dr House."
"how i sometimes feel about Reddit and 4chan"
"Way to be subtle Daniel"
"Strange costume choice"
"This baby will grow up to be..."
"That's a great way to raise your child."
"SPREAD THIS PICTURE!!!!!!!!!THIS PICTURE WAS ON FACEBOOK FOR A VERY SHORT TIME  PLEASE HELP THIS BABY!!!!!!DO YOU KNOW WHO THIS IS??????"
"Browsing r/new"
"Well  that would have come in handy..."
"I want to meet this guy."
"Tasty."
"Today I found this gem."
"Was walking along and came across this old gem..."
"Putin's latest publicity stunt"
"&quot;Eagling&quot;"
"Can Obama Do this? I don't think so."
"dat ass (x-post from r/funny)"
"DAT ASS"
"This is the Zelda I remember"
"The beauty of decay and destruction"
"Little bites  Mr. nibbles! Little bites!"
"When your robot lands....on MARS"
"Science! Science! Science!"
"My reaction when Curiosity successfully landed on Mars"
"How I felt when Curiosity landed on mars"
"HIFW Curiosity lands"
"Meanwhile at NASA"
"Land On It"
"WE DID IT!"
"NASA Mars Landing Reaction! (credit to sasgendo from Twitter)"
"Joy at its purest."
"Joy at its purest."
"Fuck yeah. We are NASA!"
"My reaction when Curiosity landed"
"My reaction when Curiosity landed"
"Excited Rocket Scientist"
"My reaction to the Curiosity landing tonight."
"When I found out she wasn't pregnant."
"Whenever I beat someone in a game"
"Fuck Yeah !! SCIENCE"
"What I was like when Usain Bolt won the 100 m dash"
"When my first trip into the Nether puts me in a fortress with two blaze spawners."
"I have nothing but the utmost fear and respect for Big Cola"
"I have nothing but the utmost fear and respect for Big Cola"
"Everytime I win an argument."
"When you've got friends..."
"Beard Power!!"
"My new favorite GIF"
"still the best deal with it gif"
"Very NSFW roots."
"You know all those times you download/install something and click &quot;I Agree&quot; to the license info?"
"When a post is TL;DR"
"Which one seems unnatural now?"
"Yeah  I don't either..."
"Saw this in my news feed... [slightly NSFW]"
"[NSFW] Shit!"
"why isn't this a common activity?"
"This karma gold showed up on my newsfeed."
"Isn't it amazing that the CGI in Jurassic Park still holds up today? To think we were all playing on our Super Nintendos when it was released."
"Skill-rex goes thump* thump*"
"I really don't know what to say...."
"Barney"
"Look who I met in Target!"
"He almost had it.."
"Three gifts for Jesus on his birthday"
"Public transportation."
"The original Pedobear?"
"A macro shot of a strawberry which looks like a bunch of pears."
"River House  Serbia"
"How i feel when i get back from vacation and dealer was waiting for me to use his new piece"
"Looking at my early posts"
"My reaction to a lot of posts on r/funny"
"When I look back at my failed reddit posts"
"I could look at this for hours."
"bwah bwah bwah bwaaaah"
"complete accident..."
"how i feel about everyone showing off their gifts today"
"CPR Instructions"
"CPR Instructions [xpost from /r/wtf]"
"The most obedient dog ever."
"Oh shit..."
"Dark Castle"
"Dramatic Alpaca"
"This is my favourite gif  it makes me laugh every time"
"My reaction when a girl smiles at me."
"When a teacher catches you chewing gum in class"
"What are you looking at goat?"
"When you hear your ex is going to be there."
"nom nom no..."
"How I chew gum when a teacher is watching"
"My face when I realized it was my cakeday."
"That moment when I realized I've been on Reddit for a year."
"When I hear my roommates fighting and they don't know I am home..."
"Well  this just makes everything worse"
"Mexican SWAT Team"
"Costa Rican special forces"
"Mexican Swat team"
"For my real life cake day  I present to you some of my favorite gifs"
"Allergy season. Time to..."
"Can anyone else smell that?"
"Wait  what?"
"Laughed an inappropriate amount of time at this"
"Professor had all the ingredients for a perfect thread  but..."
"Every time I visit the comment section"
"How I feel being just one more Upvote away from the front page  and don't make it."
"star fox...is down!"
"Star Fox down!"
"Star Fox Down!"
"I WHIP MY EARS BACK AND FORTH!!!"
"Dog wants to be Pokemon"
"Adorable puppy growl"
"The dog says NO!!!"
"I whip my ears back and forth"
"Dubdog"
"I whip my ears back 'n forth..."
"Hey  here's some Midol"
"No thanks  I'll use the trackpad."
"The cure for Internet addiction..."
"Mouse full of NOPE"
"Plugging things into the imgur url and. . ."
"This dog is genius"
"Ah  Now I understand professor"
"No driver!"
"Car trolling"
"Inspiration"
"&quot;Huge Inspirational Quote On A Landscape&quot; poster. Don't know where this came from  does anyone? (I tried googling it and came up empty.)"
"Every quote."
"God  I'm so deep. [FIXED]"
"God  I'm so deep."
"In honor of my cakeday  here's some nostalgia."
"broke this move out at the club last night"
"How it feels as high school student  who yet didn't finish AP summer work  and going to school tomorrow"
"That's it! I'm done!"
"Bitches..."
"Bitches be trippin' - Imgur"
"Fighting with your significant other"
"If it fits  it ships"
"Give it to me! C'mon! Give!"
"How I feel downvoting on the front page."
"How it feels trying to get a thread to the front page"
"The Pearl Waterfall"
"The videogame that got me into gaming. The one who took my heart and set it afire with a nice molotov cocktail."
"Anyone else want a HD remake and a Sequel?"
"Does anyone remember this game? Sequel please."
"Dear Steam or GOG.com why is this game not on either of your services? If you could please?"
"People in big cities: If you suspect you're eating pigeon  it most likely is."
"CUTEST.CAT.EVER"
"Hipster Ice."
"I don't have any words. This is just too cute."
"Sat to see a hurt kitty but its just way too cute!"
"Awww kitten"
"I think I can't  I think I can't!"
"I think I ca-"
"The Cake... it's day"
"Group photo at formal  perfect timing"
"He Earned His Life in My Book"
"whenever a title says &quot;be gentle&quot;"
"POW! Right in the kisser!"
"Up all night with my best buddy in the whole world..."
"I wish I knew the noise this little one makes."
"Baby Pygmy Hippo Eating Lettuce. Nom."
"Dear God!!!!"
"How I feel during a lecture after lunch."
"Make it rain  Saudi edition"
"Didn't have time to read The Game"
"Gais I am open!"
"Slenderman  the basketball player!"
"come at me bro"
"Everytime a facebook dialogue on gay rights makes it to the front page. -Not that I disagree"
"This is the coolest building ever."
"Oh my god look at that park job"
"Skunk"
"I think I laughed to hard when I saw this"
"This is what police cant undo.."
"Not sure if this is funny or racist."
"Even A Black Guy Can't Un-Rape You!"
"go ahead call the cops"
"Matrix Kombat"
"Sniper! Get down!"
"True friendship."
"So  I found this an old picture of John Kittenger."
"dont mind if i take a taste... [sfw]"
"Meanwhile in Japan"
"Googled &quot;how to get karma&quot; got this perfect answer"
"Not Now Mr. Chang!"
"Ssssssssssss..."
"Googled &quot;how to get karma&quot; not disapointed"
"Looked up how to get Reddit karma.... got this..."
"You taste so good"
"Steve Cathey defying gravity (sometime in the late 1970s) [1022x722]"
"Steve Cathey defying gravity"
"An unfortunate ride...."
"It's only humane..."
"A cure for my foot pain"
"Rage."
"guess he didn't have his happy meal today...."
"ronald mcdonald is a mess"
"McFuck You"
"When someone gets my order wrong"
"Newly made pencils being sharpened at the factory"
"Industrial pencil sharpener"
"Pencil sharpener"
"It is my pleasure to present to you  the fine people of Reddit  the pinnacle of manliness."
"Bruce Campbell walking around a castle in a kilt with a broadsword. That is all."
"Scary Baby"
"Interactive .Gif"
"How I felt when I got trolled into thinking I won the lottery."
"TASTE THE RAINBOW!"
"I don't think that's a rainbow."
"The future starts now!"
"Whenever I say I'm going to work harder this semester"
"Window Tint Police Profiling Troll."
"As a black guy in a predominantly white suburb of Chicago  I could use one of these"
"If you really want to help the children..."
"Sorry for the reppost but does anyone have a hi-res of this gif? I have the internet skills of a young mountain goat."
"This will always be my favorite gif on the internet"
"Everyone call the Texas School Board!"
"When ever someone takes my phone..."
"How some people act on their cake days"
"Typed in wtf on google"
"Bumpy road ahead"
"Development ironically activated in this moment"
"Uh Oh"
"Bumpy road ahead!"
"How I feel when I watch the news"
"As part of the 18-24 demographic watching the beginning of the Oscars..."
"Gangnam style."
"Somewhere in Africa - A non Gyroscopic pool table."
"3rd world ingenuity"
"Impossible is nothing..."
"Amazing ingenuity!!!"
"Detention Slip"
"YOLO"
"You only live once."
"I see your favorite GIF and I show you mine."
"Boulder Colorado before (image 1) and after (image 2) marijuana was legalized"
"My friend asked me &quot;Who actually hates Nickleback?&quot;"
"When a girl asks me what my favorite position is"
"How I feel as a European on reddit."
"This planet is far more amazing than we give it credit for."
"WW1 History Lesson [Repost]"
"Googled &quot;wut&quot;  did not dissapoint"
"Brushy brushy"
"googoogoo!"
"gigglebush"
"THIS FANDOM MLAS1 DERPYGATE EMOTES 20% COOLER BLANK POSTS FUTASHY HIGHEST FORM OF AUTISM MEMES /MLP/ CLOPPERS EXCLUSIVE LOVE AND TOLERANCE BRBRBRBRBRBRBRBR"
"Curious Squirrel"
"What happens in the kitchen..."
"how bread is actually made"
"its like wanting to crumble into more crumbs"
"get that crumb all over my face!"
"Im gonna crumb!!!"
"How I feel on my first cake day"
"Old Library."
"Humping him out?"
"Testing of a Bulletproof Vest  1923"
"A love story in 22 pictures."
"Ran across this:A love story in 22 pictures."
"A love story in 22 pictures."
"Lol"
"My favorite C&amp;H comic"
"Humans"
"Me trading currency..."
"When I realised my daughter's violin concert fell on the date the Dark Knight opens"
"My reaction when I walked into my favourite store and Twilight took over"
"How I feel when browsing r/wtf sometimes"
"What happens when I take liquid medicine."
"I miss seeing this at the start of a game"
"Best one till now"
"One of the best gifs ive seen"
"Ramos vs Baumgartner"
"Why do soccer .gifs always deliver?"
"Let me see your war face!"
"I am so excite"
"What even."
"When I clear my browsing history and all the purple links go blue again..."
"My new job on a river has a duty called &quot;spider patrol&quot;"
"Another Monday Morning"
"When you see someone you are trying to avoid in public  but they see you and start approaching."
"This is how everyone starting school tomorrow feels..."
"When a friend overtakes me in karma with one comment."
"MFW I've just finished masturbating and the wife comes in asking for sex"
"Steampunk Lookin' Typewriter."
"Old  but one that always gets me."
"never fails to make me laugh"
"Reddit elevator"
"Saw this picture and just lost it."
"Bill Murray and Friends"
"I saw this hanging in my doctors office  as I went to get a flu shot."
"Shots  shots  shots  shots..."
"Shots!!"
"Tonight I found out my best friend is an atheist. I felt like this."
"Leaving work after getting fired."
"I found this subreddit just a little earlier tonight. I can't stop!"
"Sorry my house is such a mess."
"Behold..."
"DON'T TOUCH CAGE"
"DON'T TOUCH ME"
"A Frightened Monkey (x-post from r/funny)"
"DON'T TOUCH ME [fixed]"
"I don't think his date could find the table"
"Just Bear Grylls enjoying a nice meal at 25 000 feet"
"When someone reposts my post and gets more upvotes"
"When someone reposts my post and gets more upvotes [FIXED]"
"SURPRISE!"
"Surprise Closet"
"It gets me everytime"
"SUPPLIES!"
"Surprise!"
"What the hell happened?"
"Just a tree  move along."
"Sneaky Sneaky....."
"creative post-it usage"
"Best use of a post it note ever"
"Can't stop watching this..."
"D'oh!"
"Mom  please don't make me..."
"One of my favorite gifs."
"ANDDDDDDDD You're down. [GIF]"
"It's Science"
"Just another cookout in Indiana."
"Now this is what I call a real BBQ"
"How I felt after learning to ride a bike with no hands..."
"What it feels like having the comment on a front page post"
"For me!? Don't mind if I do!"
"Dirty talk"
"Dirty things"
"Dirty Talk"
"The 'original' portal."
"Childhood.. Ruined"
"The 'original' portal."
"All it takes is one word"
"My Reaction to Half of Girls Facebook Status"
"A white couple accepted by black people... [FIXED]"
"My girlfriend and I spent hours making these costumes..."
"After a shower  nobody home?"
"I rarely ever post to r/foodporn  but after seeing this  I felt it was my civic duty."
"Mother of God ( X post from r/FoodPorn"
"I honestly can't put a title to this..."
"Mother of God  they've evolved"
"Browsing r/new"
"Yeah  we're all pretty much fucked."
"uh....wut?"
"I for one welcome our new deer overlords."
"Are these bears??"
"See they are gay"
"Trolling Level: OVER 9000"
"the definition of troll"
"s many of you probably know  Lance Armstrong has had his titles removed for using performance-enhancing drugs. Here he is not giving a shit."
"Killer Move"
"Killer Move"
"I want one!!!"
"Dorm cooking..."
"Cooking like a boss"
"Rock Paper Scissors  extreme edition."
"Aliens"
"When Giorgio A. Tsoukalos actually sees an alien."
"I'M NOT SAYING IT WAS CATS"
"The Angora Rabbit"
"The Angora Rabbit. One which I have never seen on Reddit."
"Any thoughts on the adorable Angora Rabbit?"
"Get down!"
"Crack-shot? More like cat-shot."
"Kittens"
"what spending my sunday morning on r/cats looked like"
"Calm down Clint Eastwood"
"Piggy Backs for Pandas"
"My reaction to being threatened with hell"
"Boobs or closer"
"Anyone want to watch a snake eat some chick?"
"So fucked up."
"Captured by the game"
"BOOBS OR HE DIES!(NSFW)"
"for ALL women"
"My cat does this every time she sees me naked.."
"The first time i gave head  she said be &quot;gentle...&quot;"
"Scat cat"
"Quaid! Open your mind!"
"Reminds me of that scene from Alien"
"Helper often speaks of the coming war between man and the brotherhood of machines."
"[FIXED] Asked my dad for help with bullies at school  he gave me this the next day."
"How Reddit treats most memes."
"Hey guys  I found apple maps!"
"r/politics"
"When I use the mint and tea tree shower gel..."
"Diving into Arrested Development for the first time... during my law school finals."
"When my first move into a pool is to fully submerge myself in the deep end..."
"KFC cooked too many hot wings last night. They were practically giving them away. But today..."
"I was hungover and agreed to go shoe shopping with the wife."
"Every time I walk into a grocery store while starving"
"When I noticed I missed my cake day."
"The day after plowing through half a box of high fibre cereal in one sitting."
"my instant reaction after eating a whole habanero pepper"
"I decided to do my summer reading assignment when school starts in two days."
"Suddenly a dog..."
"Dear atheists."
"Dear Athetits..."
"Friend of mine posted this while we were arguing with a fundie on Facebook. I couldn't help laughing."
"Face in a fence"
"Long exposure shot from space (not edited)"
"They said I could become anything I wanted to be  so I became a burrito."
"Do a blanket roll"
"neat trick"
"How I feel when I make it to the frontpage of a small subreddit"
"Whenever my friends and I ride in my convertible."
"cake day bitches"
"This is what my GF sent me when I told her I'd lose my eyebrows from the chemo"
"eyebrows DO make a huge difference...(seen on twitter)"
"Do do do do do"
"fuck yeah"
"fuck yeah [FIXED]"
"Penguin Scatman"
"When I wear socks on tile floor."
"Pingu ft. Claptrap - If Ponies Were Real"
"Daniel Tosh on gays"
"Pop it like its hot"
"Dress like H.P. Lovecraft"
"Baby yelling at a leaf."
"Tried to take a cute photo of my nephew.. I think I succeeded.."
"America"
"The epitome of douchebaggery."
"Meet your god"
"That explains the loose clothing"
"Apple calling their lawyers again"
"Must be an iPhone"
"Happy Birthday Boy"
"My friend threw a birthday party for her dog..."
"Today was his birthday- needless to say  he was pretty happy."
"Saved this pic long ago  I look at it when I need cheering up."
"i feed my dog giant cheetos and some meat  this is my dog [OC] i took this picture today"
"Seriously......? [NSFW]"
"Now THAT is a tramp stamp. [FIXED][FIXED][NSFW]"
"I have the biggest fearection right now... [NSFW]"
"This Blows All Other Tramp Stamps Out Of The Water [NSFW]"
"Shark Hole"
"Dat feel"
"I think we all know that feeling"
"Ladies  you know the feeling."
"Punk ass bicth"
"Fight me"
"What I'd feel like with a penis"
"I guess some of us are more proud of our bodies than others."
"Happy Birthday Mr. Dragon"
". . . and now I have a heart."
"Well maybe he shoulda gone about getting one a little differently?"
"After a long journey.."
"Nun 4 life."
"Oh how many f**** I give?"
"The Cookie Cup"
"My friend improved the new Robocop look a bit. Xpost from /r/movies."
"My friend improved the new Robocop look a bit."
"My friend improved the new Robocop look a bit. Xpost from /r/pics."
"Was browsing le Reddit when suddenly this gem appeared."
"rough night"
"Oh  that's... cute."
"Somebody Fucked with the Jesus."
"How I feel after getting out of the shower."
"And Remember  kids..."
"How I felt on Friday"
"How I felt after taking a laxative for the first time."
"How I feel when watching the plot sections of porn [SFW]"
"Whenever I listen to Handlebars by Flobots."
"Skipping ahead 60 seconds in any porn clip."
"How I feel after watching the first 3 minutes of a porno"
"Using pinch-to-zoom on a laptop"
"How I feel about Doomba"
"Every storyline in porn..."
"Reaction to every Regular Show episode ever"
"How it feels getting 200+ upvotes in 15 minutes"
"Submitted a link to GW and checked my message box half an hour later........"
"NOPE"
"Fuck Every Thing About This."
"I like to mix it up when browsing Reddit"
"An appropriate cakeday gif considering my username"
"Peter Pan's shadow painted on the wall"
"Please be safe this Spring Break!"
"Hannah Montana: The Early Years"
"SMASHING!"
"real smooth..."
"Well played  Philosoraptor. Well played."
"Fat = Skinny"
"My 9 year old brother asked me a question with this same face."
"I...don't know."
"This basically goes for all non-Christians..."
"Meanwhile  in Japan."
"Objects in the mirror are different than they appear..."
"Parenting: level 9000"
"Oh  nothing. Just a couple platypuses wearing hats"
"Imgur mascot"
"They still won"
"Diddly-hole"
"My new pick up line"
"I'll never be able to look at Ned Flanders the same way again..."
"Fuck yeah"
"Tomorrow I intend on withdrawing all my money from Wachovia and switching banks due to the recent scandal. Any tips on good US banks (not that they really exist or anything)?"
"After I eat a bag of powdered donuts"
"We know who didn't kill Bin Laden."
"Typical Michael Scott"
"steve carell"
"Easter is cancelled"
"low riding bike"
"Good God Woman"
"Going wild."
"How could you not love this picture"
"Awesome sticker!"
"what is that? what is that! WHAT THE HECK IS THAT?!?"
"Boarding from the 60's (X-Post from r/pics)"
"Man Skateboarding in the '60's (x-post from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"a pygmy marmoset  not your average aww"
"I want to carry this guy around in my pocket"
"Tension in the middle east leads to new airborne strike force"
"PLEASED TO MEET YOU"
"Anyone can draw  they said..."
"I Can't Draw"
"Found this Gem on youtube."
"Spiders don't bother me at all"
"Every single night"
"Looks legit"
"The Serenade of the Bears"
"Zach Galifianakis being awesome as usual."
"Zach Galifianakis has a pot farm."
"Pretty sure he pronounced it correctly"
"Best toy ever."
"Derp says &quot;Hi  Reddit!&quot;"
"I AM THE SUN"
"This always makes me laugh"
"My favorite gif"
"I know it's horrible  but I always laugh at this gif"
"When a bunch of gifs on r/reactiongifs aren't reactions."
"How I feel when the other girls at work ask to leave early because they got their period."
"When a kid in my history class asked if Abraham Lincoln was still alive."
"Easter Church Service"
"When the dumbest post on the frontpage has 2 000 more upvotes than everything else"
"I was Christian when I joined reddit. This was my face after spending some time on /r/atheism. [FIXED]"
"As an American  my reaction to France getting the gold in the men's swim relays."
"When ever I see &quot;I just realized&quot;  &quot;When I see&quot;  &quot;How I feel when .... &lt;Karma +/-&gt;&quot; posts"
"MFW: Someone reposts my post and they have more upvotes on it."
"When my submission has over 1000 karma  and I don't."
"Whenever I don´t understand something in math"
"Keep rubbing it!"
"Feels good man"
"What exactly is that suppost to be?"
"Always go organic!"
"Make Ready The Cannons!"
"BIZARRO BEAST TACTICS"
"Whoops! Totally tasteless and totally hilarious."
"Shouldn't have looked under there"
"My favorite gif"
"I'd do the same"
"Awww  he's so cute...Let's check...... AWW SHIT"
"Rare 1960's Photo: Adam West and Leonard Nimoy Jamming on the Drums Together."
"Fifty Shades of Grey"
"NSFK - Not Safe For Kitty"
"Because a gym membership costs less than cable"
"Rather than give a headline that waxes sentimental  political; I'll just say June 6th was a momentous day in history  and let you take what you will from this photo."
"Never forget"
"Seemed different when my grandpa told me about it"
"Gets me everytime"
"Awwwww cute little girl..."
"This is all kinds of not ok..."
"Who knew beer could be racist"
"monday mornings"
"They say you can't improve on perfection"
"That's better Mona"
"It's a meow-ster piece."
"TA-DAH!"
"The baddest motherfuckers..."
"Fabulous mantis  is fabulous."
"How I feel browsing r/politics."
"This is true."
"pretty sure I know this dude..."
"Introducing  hurdlers without hurdles."
"Hurdleless hurdling [x-post from r/funny]"
"Reintroduced as the ministry of silly walks"
"introducing  QWOP (fixed)"
"Inspiring painting...not"
"Every pet needs a walk"
"on a walk with my pet... wait what?"
"Be back in 20  just gunna go walk my pet...pet fish that is"
"Just out for a stroll"
"Just taking a stroll."
"Drop It"
"one of my favorite gifs ever.. QWOP IRL"
"QWOP IRL"
"I can't be the only one"
"What is love?"
"I came here to..."
"How I felt going to Prom alone last night"
"Both David Lee Roth and Sammy Hagar agree that this is the best Van Halen performance ever."
"Wear Your Seatbelt!"
"I’m Never Taking Off My Seatbelt Again"
"Taxi!"
"For my cakeday - My favourite cat picture ever"
"O .... Oh.... Hey say cheeeeeeeeez!"
"Neat. *click*"
"Zero fucks given. Back to work!"
"oh honey  you look so good in that dress!"
"Saw &quot;two perfectly round circles&quot;  try FOUR"
"Ridiculously photogenic down-hiller"
"Overly Photogenic Biker"
"When my roommate brings a hot girl home"
"Reddit's favourite liquor - Bacon Flavoured Vodka"
"Just when you thought vodka couldn't possibly get any better..."
"Wow  everything is great..."
"Its just Amazing"
"Wow"
"Wow"
"Tripped me out for a good 5 minutes"
"Duck photo bomb"
"a man being attacked by a leopard after he threw a stone at it"
"What a cute little human riding leopard you got there"
"Herrrrrre kitty kitty"
"Poke-m-my-god-what-is-that"
"Real life Pikachu caught in the wild!"
"I can't believe its actually real"
"My cat wouldn't let me take a picture of him for my mandatory Cake Day pic  so here is my favorite cat picture instead."
"I choose you!"
"perfect first post"
"When your favorite restaurant announces an all-you-can-eat special."
"How I felt when I missed my cakeday"
"When a repost stil makes me laugh"
"So my boss suspended me from work today for a week trying to help another employee . This was my reaction when he told me."
"when I found out a band I've listened to for years played christian rock"
"Realized I missed my cakeday after having sex with my girlfriend all day"
"Close enough."
"A t-shirt with Asia on it."
"It's simple.."
"What the actual fuck? (NSFW)"
"So this popped up on my Facebook..."
"5 Years of Art School  1 Idea."
"Human-dog-iguana-centipede? (Sorry if repost)"
"Not sure if repost but.... really?"
"what is going on here?"
"The Humancaninereptilipide"
"If there's a metaphor here I can't find it"
"On the RARE occasions I catch a girl looking at me"
"I saw this gif and thought of this immediately."
"WTF did I just read? (NSFW)"
"The petals fall twice."
"Ladies and gents  I present the world's smallest penis"
"Kitty in a top hat"
"Some of the things you will find on Imgur..."
"Pencil drawings are the scariest."
"cant handle the prank"
"First Day on the Internet Man completing a Maze"
"Titanicumber vs. The Iceberg (lettuce head)"
"I'd love to see that movie getting made."
"Massive Landslide in Taiwan"
"The amount of work it would take to clean this up is mind boggling!"
"The amount of work it would take to clean this up is mind boggling!"
"How I feel at the end of the week"
"When I try to explain cake days to non redditors."
"When I see a post about YouTube comments"
"Found this on my Facebook feed..."
"Facebook Post Enough Said"
"Found this on Facebook"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"So this was on Facebook today."
"So this popped up on Facebook today"
"*logs on Facebook* ... *logs out*"
"Well...that escalated quickly..."
"Movember to remember"
"It's my cake day and I'm not prepared. Here's an asian Prince."
"this supermarket is very artsy with their vegetables"
"The person stocking the produce department needs a promotion"
"Tickle Tickle~"
"The many expressions of Kristin Stewart."
"Thanks for the warning"
"Sounds right"
"The best thing about living in Switzerland"
"Roger Federer on Switzerland"
"Gotta love Switzerland"
"What makes the Swiss tick?"
"How do they work?"
"The Great Debate [Fixed/Over]"
"another great pic of the inbred tiger kenny"
"If you've never seen a retarded tiger before...here you go"
"I'm going to hell for this... I'm going to hell for this..."
"Hitler....."
"How I look browsing r/wtf the last few days"
"My reaction when I created my first successful post. In /r/creepshots"
"So this exists"
"Mentos + Carlsberg = ?"
"I N C E P............"
"Get out the way"
"Mentos and Beer"
"What a twist!"
"Ruined Morning?"
"Photobombing Jesus!"
"Photobombing Jesus! [FIXED]"
"Photobombing Nicolas Cage [Fixed the title]"
"Photobombing Jesus (FIXED)"
"Photobombing Jesus! [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Contributing to the WTF Revitalization"
"Funny Kim Kardashian and Scott Conversation"
"First world dog"
"My friend just got a wiener dog..."
"Don't eat me!"
"I've been staring at this for 10 mins. May I present to you  a skew axis enveloping gear."
"Yeah  no idea for a title on this one."
"Remeber the days of rabbit ears"
"Baby Manatee"
"How I feel when browsing Facebook."
"Just me browsing /r/new"
"&quot;met this little guy&quot;"
"Probably the most epic thing I have ever seen"
"Science question"
"X-Menorah Origins: Woverstein"
"My new favourite gif."
"Nope."
"This is how downvoters operate"
"Not today..."
"Every time I submit"
"My favorite .Gif of all time"
"down voting something into negative"
"Vintage gif for ants showing a penguin that finally stood up for itself after so many years of being slapped around"
"now that's &quot;slap&quot; stick humor"
"Irony"
"No Fap September just got real..."
"You missed your mouth."
"He came to party  so party he shall"
"That's not how you do it  poor ginger kid."
"Swat team"
"Get off your high horse."
"Get of your high horse (reposted from r/funny)"
"Its a pun..."
"My reaction to my trees being blown away from the 23rd floor on a windy night of toking"
"How I felt in r/spacedicks"
"My face when I visited /r/NSFL."
"New to reddit  found out what nsfw means the hard way"
"Walked in on my parents... Be explanation needed"
"Every time I type an address into Family Watchdog"
"CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS SH*T?!"
"And then she said  &quot;orange you glad i didn't say banana&quot;"
"Profoundly sad fish"
"Raccoon Pole Sitter"
"First GifSound."
"Well  there's one futuristic utopia (NSFW)"
"[NSFW] Yep  Japan again..."
"An interesting combination."
"An interesting combination [FIXED]"
"I don't even..."
"Only one way to find out!"
"why income tax return form got returned"
"Derp Dog"
"Loves a Good Bath"
"What takes the WTF cake"
"Words fail me"
"Someone asked what happened to wtf lately. I present to you.....slightly NSFW"
"A Children's Story"
"i don't even know what to call this"
"I just can't get over how embarrassingly cringe-worthy this photo of Paul Ryan is."
"Dat Bell"
"Seems legit."
"Oh  Batman..."
"How I feel seeing all the football is back posts and statuses"
"I just filled out my absentee ballot... after what feels like a solid year of non-stop media circus  this is how I feel about voting in this election."
"And the point  of no return."
"How I reacted when I found out my attractive new co-worker is only 17."
"My reaction when I come home and my sister's underage friend is all over me"
"Whenever I have to sleep with a sibling in the same bed..."
"About to stay with my girlfriends family for a few days"
"Scottish bar stool"
"You want to sit in my seat do ya? You don't got tha balls..."
"Go Back"
"Go Back!"
"Jacket of Death"
"This about sums up religion..."
"FINISH THEM"
"Full Metal Jacket"
"Trying to kill flies in my girlfriend's room today"
"FINISH THEM"
"A new toy  let me just tou- OH LAWD  HAVE MERCY!"
"I have absolutely no idea."
"Dat Floppy Ear"
"yeah uh huh you know what it is  walking corgis..."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"The floppy ear just adds to the cuteness!"
"Two Corgis on a Treadmill!"
"Redditor Motivation: Take a Walk"
"oh shit  oh shit  oh shit!"
"Rough weekend"
"Yeah  but can you block this?"
"I said STOP!"
"I'm sick of your shit."
"How I Feel When My Friend Keeps Beating Me At Games"
"How to play D"
"take that"
"Miniature Chameleons Discovered"
"Video Games in the 90's..."
"When an artist I like releases a new song"
"He's just rocking out"
"Shake That"
"Do the Harlem Shake."
"I'M ON CRACK!"
"What i look like Everytime I try dancing..."
"Well.... This sucks"
"Well  they covered just about everything else."
"Now Kiss!"
"Hey boss. Yeah  I'm not coming into work today."
"Think I am gonna call in sick today..."
"I'll stay home today."
"Your choice fatty!"
"The first picture I saw on reddit.It made me stay."
"my vote for best love story"
"A better love story than Twilight.."
"You mean that's not really Lara Croft?"
"A lesser-known folk song"
"Hopefully this isn't a repost  but I think this belongs here."
"This is quite possibly my favorite gif  enjoy."
"Cosby &amp; Son"
"Oh  Bill Cosby  you so wacky."
"DAE Love This Guy?"
"Weirdest Shoes Ever!"
"Fish Flops"
"Party's over  guys. Time to go home."
"The Hangover: cat edition"
"Carry me home  mum"
"Be hatin'"
"My new laptop just tripled in value!"
"Seems legit."
"Stop being tsundere!"
"Patriotic pads O_o"
"Perspective"
"baseball played backwards look so much more entertaining."
"Ta-Daa!"
"OVNI"
"Coochie coochie coo!"
"Tickle Time!!"
"When my girlfriend tries to be playful..."
"I'll just leave this here."
"Just finished Half-Life 2 ep 2...this sums up my reaction."
"My favorite picture of Louis Armstrong"
"So long and thanks for all the fish.."
"Dad in the middle: &quot; oh shit  oh shit  oh shit &quot;"
"The other kind of animal abuse."
"Predictions on Hurricane Sandy!"
"Neil Armstrong  Neal Stephenson  and Neil Gaiman(from Gaiman's blog)"
"Neal Stephenson  Neil Armstrong  Neil Gaiman(from Gaiman's blog)"
"How Sheldon survived as a child"
"im a master waterbender"
"i know kung fu"
"Atttack!!! (first)"
"SHARK ATTACK!"
"Sharks"
"Coffee!"
"Where's the baby?"
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"HIFW Curiousity landed on Mars"
"Twain in Tesla's Lab. Happy Birthday Tesla."
"Persian triple fake."
"Off the bed kitty!"
"Must've slipped something into the catnip"
"When theists first find r/atheism (X-post from r/gif)"
"SCAT CAT"
"10 000 BPM Kitteh"
"When mum came home and I was meant to be doing chores."
"As a grown man  this is how I react after spraying air freshener in a bathroom"
"Had to be done  haven't seen it yet."
"Catgroove"
"Found out tonight my gf signed up on Reddit to look at what I do on here..."
"Why are there more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee?"
"Just a woman eating a baby  nothing special."
"Okay then."
"My response since the &quot;bring r/WTF back to it's roots&quot; movement."
"My reaction when someone on reddit gets to meet someone they admire from the film/tv industry"
"It's my Cakeday..."
"How I feel about these Armstrong jokes"
"When I noticed my throwaway account got more Karma on my Cakeday"
"I found this whilst looking for a faceswap"
"This is what it's like arguing with a troll on Reddit."
"I love mortars"
"Run away!"
"This picture sums up my athleticism."
"Fuck stumbling upon this on acid! [x-post from /pics]"
"Awesome sculpture to stumble on deep in a forest! [x-post /r/pics]"
"Douglas Adam's puddle analogy still captures the mindset of the religious better than anything else"
"Spidey senses are tingling"
"Where the white man went wrong"
"Where did the white man go wrong?"
"Picture of a little girl. That is all."
"photobomb level: giraffe"
"Damn right it's not ok"
"As a Browns fan who do I want to win the Super Bowl?"
"What I believe Reddit thinks of my real life cake day"
"Head in bag with fish... best title I can come up with."
"Canadian gangs"
"Fuck you.."
"Eat it."
"CSI: King of the Hill Edition"
"Dragons..."
"I would watch this show"
"Game of the Hill"
"Every time it's cold"
"Holy Cow"
"Best. Job. Ever."
"I'm laughing so much it hertz"
"Join the resistance!"
"When you want to make things a bit more akward"
"The only Fundies I like."
"I just don't understand why atheists dislike these so much."
"Ohh Sheldon"
"Over 1.4mb?!"
"i think so ;)"
"I just found Rob Dyrdek in the 1990's."
"Bane Capital"
"And he was never seen again..."
"Slow motion splash."
"Worse than Voldemort."
"Biggest bitch ever (Fixed)"
"Scumbag Dolores Umbridge..."
"Obi Wan  Play Nice!"
"Stop touching me MAN!"
"My Logic When People Ask Why I Drink"
"Good enough logic for me"
"I'm gonna reference this video to TF2 because it has hats in it!"
"How I feel when I'm on a posting spree"
"Reddit cat is unimpressed"
"This is how I feel every time I browse r/new."
"Great job"
"I love my job (x-post from r/funny)"
"Delightful"
"oh yes"
"Haha  oh yes."
"Wait for it..."
"What a twist!"
"Horse Cigarette"
"One Nation Under God...literally."
"UPS training manual."
"Duties of a Khaleesi"
"Just a horse-loving couple (NSFW/NSFL)"
"The truth has been revealed"
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"
"Is your joke still funny?"
"Good question..."
"Beastie Bucket Head"
"Knocks off one bucket - and there's another one!"
"How I feel when I see a NSFW link..."
"How I feel getting upvotes on my day of cake...."
"Me enjoying the irony of someone commenting with &quot;Your retarted.&quot;"
"Me noticing more dogs on the front page every day"
"TACO CAT is a palindrome"
"Stone Forest in Madagascar"
"So.. a dancing Chihuahua."
"Oh no you didn't!"
"Venti..."
"One does not simply"
"Fozzy Bear and LOTR"
"He does this every time I enter suspended animation  and it breaks my heart. Every. Time."
"Makes me cry everytim"
"'lil pudgy tabby belly"
"Still one of my favorite Gif's - Oprahs Bees"
"Sneak peak of Oprah's finale show"
"Oprah gives one last gift to her audience"
"Bees. My favourite gif."
"BEES!!!"
"Everyone's favorite thing about summer"
"BEES!"
"The Bees..."
"BEES!!"
"So  I went camping this weekend..."
"BEES! [Fixed]"
"BEES!"
"Oprah  Bees!"
"Bees!!!"
"How I feel when I post something I think is interesting  but nobody else does."
"Playing Tribes in the same room as friends."
"first time!"
"I just realized it's my first Cakeday! This was my reaction after I checked the calendar"
"Whenever someone on my fantasy football team scores a touchdown"
"COOL STARRY BRA"
"Young Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"This is what I want for Christmas. Forever Alone"
"Official pillow of overly attached girlfriend.."
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"Can you really be that desperate?"
"Saw this forever alone pillow"
"Can't stop laughing at this...."
"Derivery!"
"Sometimes your not young enough."
"In her defense. Phones are pretty pricey these days!"
"Maternal Instincts. (x-post from r/misc)"
"Maternal instincts"
"Must be a pretty important phone call"
"Boom boom boom boom"
"it's  so metal."
"What is metal?"
"First time attempt  I thought it would work"
"Pimp my Ride!"
"My ass is so ghetto!"
"This is what my facebook looks like tonight..."
"I just introduced my co-workers to reddit/imgur  this is all they say to me now..."
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"Found this while looking for a new fridge"
"All of Gandhi's possessions at the time of his death. (x-post from r/minimalism)"
"How not to drive a Corvette"
"This is England"
"Say what you will about this country  but you've got to admit it's damn pretty [x-post r/pics]"
"I hope Civ 6 looks like this. -xpost r/pics"
"Let me show you the dance of my people."
"put on ANY non-slow song before seeing this. enjoy"
"They really are persistent"
"Angry clown sex? (NSFW)"
"So I found this..."
"Aahhh... the randomnEss..."
"lolol"
"Creeper Defense"
"Let me just grab my jacket"
"Forever alone? Problem solved..."
"I saw this gem on Facebook today"
"That Guy Changes His Mind More Than My Wife"
"Not sure if this has already been posted  but relevant all the same."
"When I find out it's my cakeday and I don't have any pictures of cats to post."
"&quot;Couldn't load plug-in.&quot;"
"To eat like Ron Swanson  you must eat Ron Swanson."
"My desktop makes me laugh every time."
"How it feels to go a week without masturbating"
"How it feels to go a week without masturbating"
"Poke Gangnam Style"
"someday..."
"Meme trilogy: episode three. I'd watch it"
"A story of greed  heroism  and misfortune."
"Paranormal Cattivity"
"what the?"
"Whenever I see guests are over."
"When Lol cats isn't enough"
"hover cat!"
"But can your cat do this?"
"Don't think with it."
"The Male Brain (Possibly NSFW)"
"Men  use your brain."
"funny pictures of people with statues."
"Fun with statues."
"Play it cool"
"Come at me...Bro!"
"Come at me  bro"
"Gangsta Turtle"
"come at me bro"
"Come At Me  Bro! Do You Even Lift?!?"
"BITCH! (X-Post from r/funny)"
"Pug doesn't take shit from nobody"
"Pug dog goes apeshit"
"Pug dog goes apeshit"
"So true... (worker peons will understand)"
"How i act when my boss isn't watching..."
"The tides have turned (x-post r/punny)"
"The first thing that came to mind when I heard Hostess was shutting down.."
"When I close Reddit on accident and have to navigate all the way back to where I was..."
"Something about this is just horrifying"
"In all my time on reddit  this is still the scariest picture I've seen."
"High five man!"
"Celebration"
"Birch Please."
"An all-too-familiar feeling for him"
"My reaction to Breaking Bad's finale tonight"
"mind blown"
"If you didn't know that Aaron Paul (Jesse) from Breaking Bad was on &quot;The Price is Right&quot;  then now you do."
"Any love for this gem on the PS2?"
"Oh  brother..."
"How I feel when my GF is on her period..."
"Hummmmmmmm"
"Smokers?"
"So excited for the new Batman movie!!"
"Crystal meth really does fuck you up!"
"Snoop Dogg"
"Hey guy  did you know that.. Uhm.."
"Just stop internet."
"I have had ENOUGH"
"How I feel being on the West Coast seeing all these posts about Hurricane Sandy."
"GM logic"
"This is me at the end of every shift"
"Bump.."
"Peek-A-Boo!"
"Peekaboo."
"Peek A Boo"
"Yep  Japan."
"Taming the beast."
"Taming trucks is so stressful these days..."
"Truck gone wild [x-post from r/Trucks]"
"When I accidentally slipped &quot;I love you&quot; to my girlfriend...oh goddammit."
"No creative title  just this cat"
"who do you think you are.."
"Newly hatched baby octopus"
"Baby octopus"
"Streamlining removes confusion"
"Morrowind &gt; Skyrim (X-Post from /r/skyrim)"
"Morrowind vs. Skyrim  as explained by George Costanza"
"Go home rainbow."
"Go home rainbow ... Your drunk!"
"The grumpiest of all the cats!!"
"Try again grandma."
"Oh  Grandma..."
"serious daddy issues"
"A Youtube User's Sex Life"
"Vintage photo*dong*"
"Sorry if someone did this already."
"Miguel is an expert at guitar hero."
"Rocker Miguel"
"I just like this combo better."
"Strummin' like Dale"
"My face when i get more than 50 Karma"
"that feeling when a single post doubled my karma"
"When I get an upvote on a link I post"
"My reaction when Rick stabbed that guy a couple weeks ago"
"I think I need to ask for a banana suit for Christmas..."
"Who needs /r/malefashionadvice?"
"Why you should always wear a banana suit."
"Why didn't we try this the first time?"
"If only they had invented Google earlier...."
"Still the sweetest picture I've ever seen!"
"what spongebob thinks about your baby pictures"
"Xbox Live in a nutshell"
"Xbox live in a nutshell (X-post from /r/funny)"
"Waiting Patiently."
"Perfect Timing"
"How I feel after failing my driving test three times and finally passing earlier today."
"Another classic Spongebob moment"
"Oppa Pusheen Style"
"Pusheen the Cat  Gangnam-style!"
"Gangnam cat gif"
"Hunting wabbits"
"gotcha!"
"I'm still laughing"
"headshot"
"Now I know why Ron was never that scared of Dementors..."
"Carved penises"
"It takes a certain type of person to not see this result coming"
"I have seen this gif before  but I don't remember the slobber at the end..."
"GO HOME DEER! YOU'RE DRUNK"
"Oh Deer"
"This isn't where I parked my car..."
"If only I could live above the clouds....."
"Toy Story 3 Alternate Ending"
"Toy story..."
"When you try to eat a hot potato"
"What Would Jesus Do?"
"The only kinda Jesus I'm down with:"
"I don't know why I find this hilarious"
"Voldecage"
"I'd watch it"
"It's my reddit birthday! Here's a picture of the person who truly cares about me"
"strawberry"
"A compilation of my favorite facepalms..."
"Bengalnam Style"
"Final solution to the citrus problem."
"another cat"
"Being cross eyed has some benefits."
"Dammit woman would you get off my back"
"Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Troll face green peppers"
"And so the zombie infection spreads further..."
"Replacement ref tosses hat in end zone  trips receiver who narrowly avoids injury"
"Ref gives Cowboys WR the banana peel"
"Scumbag referee."
"Ash and Lightning Above an Icelandic Volcano"
"The second of two of the greatest back-to-back APOD's I've seen in recent history"
"I thought this was photoshopped  but today I found out that its not. Pretty cool. [960x639]"
"Ash and lightning above an Icelandic volcano"
"Just a storm. [X-Post from EarthPorn] (pic)"
"Amazing lightening shot"
"Catcopter"
"Artist turns dead cat into a helicopter for &quot;art&quot;"
"FLUDD IRL"
"So many wonders!"
"weird thing i found"
"Green Peace must stop this !"
"Seems Legit......"
"Meanwhile"
"This is still the best thing on the internet."
"MEANWHILE IN CHERNOBYL"
"Majestic Alaskan Glacier"
"The Sawyer Glacier in Alaska"
"I always wanted to know how it went! (got no love in r/funny)"
"i shall play you the song of my people"
"Phil Collins Spider"
"Spiderbro: Musical Edition"
"Not in my house!"
"GET THE FUCK OFF OUR FIELD!!!!"
"When my parents discovered Angry Birds.."
"When my parents discovered Dubstep.."
"Just dance [NSFW]"
"Trying to live on your own after the graduation"
"Still my favorite gif"
"How I feel after waking up with a hangover"
"after a few too many shots at the club."
"Too hot to handle"
"my sides"
"How I felt after PAC_GUY said he was andrewsmith"
"Me when I finnaly get sick off the NSFL posts before going to r/aww"
"Reading through my facebook news feed."
"DYEL?"
"Note to Self"
"Don't offend Hitler!"
"Why would anyone do this to themselves?"
"Setting the bar high for men everywhere"
"I stumbled upon this image"
"Long-exposure of a nighttime shuttle launch"
"THE best face swap"
"Interesting travel snack"
"A nice snack for the bus journey"
"roses are red"
"When I discovered what pressing AJAJAJAJAJAJ (with Reddit Enhancement Suite) does to the comments section of a reddit post."
"How I feel when I browse reddit drunk"
"Reddit"
"my first cake day thoughts"
"Getting on the front page for the first time."
"Talking to my moms friend and I asked the question. He sent back this."
"this post."
"How I feel on my cake day."
"Its probably for the best that Wilson was lost at sea."
"Wilson  no!"
"I have never been a fan of any related scary things  so this picture pretty much sums up my entire Halloween month."
"This is how I consistently feel like after watching any scary movies... like after Paranormal Activity 4"
"My reaction on browsing /r/curvy"
"Found this little guy in a trashcan this morning."
"How I feel when something I upvoted in /new makes the front page"
"My liver after prom weekend"
"I don't think you really had a choice in the matter"
"Sex can wait."
"Today didn't start out so great with this purchase"
"DC Swingin'"
"Whatcha Got To Say  Mr. President?"
"when you do something hard on your first try"
"When I get a late night text from a girl."
"Presidential"
"This is more funny than it should be. [Fixed]"
"Lets get Presidential"
"All grown up"
"Then and now"
"When she wants to break up..."
"Lars started a movement! [Or  Forever Alone Convention]"
"View from BurjKhalifa  Dubai"
"Scared of heights?"
"how i feel when someone asks why i care if my post gets up-votes"
"whack-a-kitty"
"Whack-a-kitty (no kittens were harmed)"
"Seems legit."
"Walter White  pokemaster."
"Is this an old one?"
"Browsing reddit when I'm in a bad mood [fixed]"
"Determinism."
"56! 56! Now that's all I can think about!!! Fuck philosophy."
"Happy Elephant is happy."
"Man  Stalin looked like a hipster. He'd totally get laid here in Philly"
"Hey Taylor check it out"
"A closeup of my hopes and dreams. [5184x3156] [OC]"
"Childhood dreams [5184x3156] [OC]"
"Arsenal FC Manager Arsene Wenger trying to motivate his team..."
"Arsene Wenger let's it all hang out at Anfield today!"
"Unfortunate photo of Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.."
"That awkward moment when Arsene Wenger's finger looks like his penis."
"When you see it"
"Arsene Wenger... When you see it!"
"When you see it. (Sfw)"
"I need one for my dorm room"
"I wanted waffles  man."
"Knowing what your friend wants for Christmas before he tells you."
"Googled What The Fuck  was not disappointed"
"Hello there  nice to meet you"
"What you mean i can't eat this!?"
"Moses's Skateboard"
"best oompa loompa cosplay ever?"
"This is Patrick."
"Gay? - Daniel Sloss"
"TIL I'm statistictly Gay"
"Childhood ruined."
"Freddy Rogers"
"I knew it all along!"
"Crazy."
"Since Vader and Iron Man are now associates......Why not?"
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"I hate when my food does this. [NSFL]"
"Zombie water mouse [NSFU]"
"I watched this far too many times... I just... dont... what? [yeah it's NSFL]"
"He was a fighter until the end"
"Tongues"
"Taste the universe."
"Hi Kristen Stewart"
"Perfectly aligned WTF"
"So  Kristin Stewart needs the exorcist  then..."
"Walked away from my computer for 5 minutes and come back to this as my background."
"Supermarket really do stock everything!"
"ASS LADY FUDGE! =O"
"&quot;As I drive through the valley of death&quot;...."
"fresco jesus honda"
"They sound serious..."
"...they sound serious..."
"Whenever someone double dips..."
"Forever Alone Fishing [x-post r/wtf]"
"How Japanese people catch octopuses..."
"For those of you that are bored. Enjoy!"
"When something cool goes wrong"
"But spines don't work like that!"
"Bendy [gif]"
"Spine Level - Invertebrate"
"So that's why my fingers feel wet..."
"Staring Deer"
"Giant Rubber Duck"
"Would you rather fight 1 horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses? OR..."
"finds out there's another toddlers and tiaras spin-off show coming up..."
"Weeeee!"
"Payback"
"asshole."
"Hey  Ass Hole"
"Pull the handle if you want candy!"
"Seems legit"
"Candy Machine"
"When a girl brushes her boob against my arm"
"Jim Harbaugh  coach of the San Francisco 49ers  is mad."
"End of the year homework"
"Whenever I read the required reading and assignments in my grad school course syllabus."
"Every time I glance at the &quot;new&quot; tab..."
"Every time I glance at the &quot;new&quot; tab..."
"My opinion on Ikea instructions"
"Just some life hacks [FIXED]"
"Whenever I see a wrong number trolling post"
"Every time I open a &quot;look what I made!&quot; post with step-by-step photos."
"I'm so sorry... [Fixed]"
"When I'm told to write a rough draft"
"Every time I consider checking the new queue"
"When my girlfriend asks about marriage."
"What I think seeing all these elaborate and creative Halloween costumes"
"How I feel about people who capitalize every word in a sentence..."
"How I feel when I see a picture with a lot of words"
"This is Fred"
"This kid was on a mission!"
"Downvoting someones cake day post."
"When I see someone else's cakeday post on MY cakeday"
"Growing up with brothers"
"Iron Man Stained Glass Helmet (x-post from r/ThingsToMakeYouDrool)"
"Gettin' funky with it"
"American gothic IRL"
"Maybe I should have knocked first..."
"Why can't I hold all these useless coupons?"
"Hit and Run"
"Why I'm a fan of Katy Perry."
"I see your hermit crab in a glass shell and I raise you a hermit crab in a teapot."
"Momma always told me not to jump on the puddles  never understood why until  blragghgh"
"come come.......Let's play!!!!!!!"
"Funniest .gif I've seen in a while"
"Childhood totally ruined"
"This is how you know you've got true friends."
"True Friends stand up for each other."
"Fuck this Post"
"Pole Fighting"
"My friend made this for me. Love that will last forever."
"Truly Forever."
"My face whenever I see a &quot;My face when  How I look when  or a How I feel post"
"Oh look  another cake day gif post..."
"Kill Me"
"Poor guy  Still hilarious though"
"How I feel at &quot;fancy&quot; parties"
"A little bit silly"
"That moment..."
"Totally sweet judo move"
"Morgan Freeman and a Kitten"
"I googled  &quot;why do people go on reddit&quot;"
"You have a little something on your head sir"
"Fresh"
"When i see a nsfw post"
"Nom nom nom"
"hungry"
"Om Nom Nom Nom..."
"Om Nom Nom Nom... (Cross Post from r/funny)"
"OM NOM NOM"
"Just a camel eating a kids head  welcome to the internet"
