"Downvote"
"How I feel on r/atheism"
"Destructive downvote"
"I saw your Hello Kitty Sushi and Raise you OBama Sushi"
"cat trolling"
"Troll Cat"
"So close...."
"What ottearth are you looking at?"
"Traveling alone."
"My friend works with anteaters  and he was trying to feed one when..."
"What's your favorite brand of rice?"
"Favorite Brand of Rice?"
"Poor Peter Parker..."
"This always made me chuckle..."
"Oh don't mind me  I'm just going to take a piss."
"Cheesus."
"&quot;Get back here  I'm not done with you yet!&quot; *crash*"
"Misheard the name of a company and unknowingly researched the wrong one. This is basically how the interview went."
"Ojochal  Costa Rica"
"Great Dane + Kitten"
"Overly attached girlfriend banana"
"This is your brain on reddit:"
"Turn off your mind  relax  and float downstream."
"His mother was part penguin"
"The people of Walmart are pretty bad... Not as bad as the people of Walmart-location McDonalds."
"Just say NO!"
"OK  that's pretty clever."
"Mindfuck GIF"
"Saw this on FB.. Only on the subway"
"Brace your souls in the satanic public transportation"
"What is this? I don't even"
"I'm not sexy and I know it.."
"Drizzlin' that chocolate sauce."
"PLEASE...DON'T...AHHH..shit..now I'm stuck...fuck fuck fuck fuck..."
"So.. I found this"
"I love this gif"
"Who you calling a bitch?"
"What not to do when scared by a gif"
"Nope."
"A Cute Baby Sloth"
"How I imagen people will act when they find out Hostess Brands are closing"
"Dancing Spider"
"How I feel being the only guy in my math class."
"How I feel being a boyscout right now"
"Me when my fundie wife was having a heated discussion about creation vs evolution with someone on facebook"
"When I go home to visit and see people I used to know in town. [gif]"
"When someone has already posted your awesome &quot;totally unknown&quot; TIL"
"My dad starts with the casual racism at the family BBQ..."
"Fire"
"Meanwhile at 9GAG Headquarters..."
"I'd say that sounds about right..."
"Unfortunately a possible future."
"The joys of picking your own character name[FIXED]"
"/b/  is it time to shower?"
"Me when I try to compliment a hilarious front page link"
"Heard a guy at Walmart tonight mention Reddit  I said &quot;woot  fellow redditor!&quot; Then...this."
"Severe Ingrown toenail/infection (NSFW)"
"Man on drugs"
"When I saw a post in r/nofap asking me to join for August...."
"When the car next to you is playing the same song"
"How to win at wrestling. [FIXED]"
"Midgets gettin' down"
"Hello. I am from the internet."
"Fuck this boat  I'm out"
"I'm Thinking About Quitting My Job Today..."
"Thought this was great"
"lets play a game"
"Oprah loves that SURFACE!"
"backpacks"
"When a christian tries to start an argument in r/atheism."
"How I feel when i dont get a single upvote"
"paul ryan's face."
"Paul Ryan pumping iron."
"Time Magazine releases 3 hilarious photos of Paul Ryan."
"Brilliant and thoughtful parents handed these out to everyone on my flight."
"So... this was cute... kitty running"
"Wait.. What system is this for again?"
"[NSFW] Novelty flash drive I want to use when friends are over"
"When my mom tells me I look handsome."
"When Taco Bell asks if I want cinnamon twists with my meal (x-post from r/funny)"
"When Someone Asks Me If I'm Doing No Shave November"
"When my vet told me that I had a very happy and healthy kitty"
"Without fail  the greatest collision"
"Flight of the bees"
"Best tattoo ever"
"Bitchin' bike dude!"
"Racism affects everyone."
"cruisin"
"My week was good. My week was very good."
"Not a fuck in sight"
"bird is the word"
"When I skip 2 minutes ahead while watching porn"
"Some years after global warming..."
"Dr. House and Stalin Endorsed Barack Obama?"
"This gets me every damn time."
"STAHP"
"Staaaahp"
"For Men. Men who love their country."
"Toilet Paper Roll Scenes..."
"I don't always drink. But when I do  I drink on a horse."
"Probably the manliest photo ever taken"
"that's a lot of awesome"
"I don't always meet other memes but when I do...Diamonds."
"Power couple"
"&quot;Poor Antarctica&quot; [Fixed]"
"Protestors walking to Parliament for OpVendetta"
"When I'm the passenger in my friend's car  and he drives like a maniac."
"Fuck yo couch!!!!!!"
"no one sat on either side of me at The Dark Knight Rises"
"Hot or not?"
"My physics exam today"
"Whenever someone says something stupid on reddit  I downvote every comment/post of theirs to teach them a lesson."
"Call me immature  but I can't help but laugh at this."
"Sadist intending to kill everyone with a deadly neurotoxin? Definitely a less painful option than the other candidates."
"Daytime talk shows summed up"
"...meant to do that"
"Sarah Jessica Parker's spring look"
"Buckets of Cats"
":3"
"Officers  this was on his phone screen when we found him."
"I've tried to come up with a title to describe this  trust me  I've tried."
"The cat's out of the bag"
"this happened to me at work the other day"
"4chan is really slow."
"New roommate is classics major and devout Christian..."
"I'm not quite sure what to say about this  but it made me laugh."
"Anyone down for some Wii?"
"Parenting - You're doing it right (X-post from r/pics)"
"The bible: edited for content"
"The biggest set you've seen. Greatest. Partner costumer. Ever."
"How I felt seeing all of the Stop Girl posts lately"
"TIL Gabe Newell has a beard now."
"MJ BABYSITS?"
"Does anyone know the story behind this photo?"
"Trees cocooned in spider webs following Pakistani floods"
"I'll have seconds"
"Lawn must be a bitch to mow."
"Grim Grinning"
"I tries to help a stranger wen this hapens"
"The best thing to ever come out of 4chan"
"boo  you whore!"
"I spent all day looking for a box of Twinkies..."
"This belongs here (x-post from r/funny)"
"Time Travel Rally"
"A Repost? Since when?"
"Let The Good Times Roll"
"Oh Gamebryo"
"Im still alive"
"My dreams shattered a long time ago."
"Oh hay a cat burrito OM NOM NOM NOM"
"RUN THE FUCK AWAY"
"Awesome library"
"This lonely bottle of wine has been sitting at my local liquor store for months without being bought. I wonder why..."
"This wine tastes like ass"
"This wine tastes like ass"
"Not A Single One"
"Almost.....Nice try though"
"You cant say he didnt try"
"Need surgery? Why not Zoidberg?"
"The future of the Universe... with better fitting music"
"Kind of long but It's worth watching."
"Mitt Romney's new election strategy"
"Baby Dolphin!"
"I HAVE A NEW BUSINESS PLAN"
"Eloquent Pixels-Simon Christian"
"Dog."
"Every time it's sexy time"
"Wisdom at its finest"
"It took me way too long to realize what was going on here.."
"They finally caught him.... now i can sleep at night..."
"My faggot detector"
"Off the charts!"
"Redditor makes the 4 o'clock news."
"Well  I didn't see that coming. (FIXED)"
"Ain't no one..."
"For my cakeday  I present to you my favorite link  &quot;Tiny Hippo.&quot; Thanks for the laughs  reddit."
"No one..."
"Ain't no one..."
"Still my favorite comic of all time."
"Meanwhile in class..."
"Attack of the killer vaginas! (SFW I think)"
"Hello  I will be your sponge today."
"First thing that came to mind.....WTMF"
"IT'S MY PIG!!!!!"
":D o.o 0.0 (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"The reason I have saved all my Ninja Turtle toys and Dr. Seuss books."
"Pinche Bruce"
"I just figured my internet was REALLY slow."
"I want this picture as a huge poster for my room."
"nomnom"
"Pokemon"
"This is not the Pikachu I remember....."
"Found this on my Newsfeed"
"fuck"
"What?"
"I don't even..."
"I see your shitters  urinals and whatever and raise you a toilet."
"Get down from there"
"Oh Philip"
"History facebook updates."
"Right before the photographer says cheese"
"Buzz Lightyear: Space Ranger"
"What the actual fuck have I found?"
"Goat girl"
"every time i hear &quot;hurricane sandy&quot;"
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"Clearly this cat is winning Halloween"
"I miss Crispy M&amp;Ms"
"Why did you have to Leave me crispy m&amp;ms????"
"Lunch Time"
"A most proper work atmosphere (via /r/interiordesign)"
"Jesus was a black man . . .[GIF]"
"You want to know how I got these berries?"
"My sled!"
"&quot;Oh Meester Pingwin! You're so funny!&quot;"
"Penguin Buddy"
"to keep your pimp hand strong"
"You're so shallow Charles"
"Gettin real sick of your shit Charles."
"When i'm loosing an argument"
"Abandon Thread"
"Wet Explosion"
"Ball so hard mother fuckers wanna find me - Imgur"
"I was doing researching ways to cut carbon for science. I found this..."
"I hate this."
"Ex girlfriends"
"Reddit Shoes"
"Uh... Yeah. So this exists."
"Bless you!"
"How are cats cute?"
"So I'll add scarecrows to my NOPE list..."
"Just proves that I haven't seen everything.."
"Jim Gaffigan on gym rats"
"In some small way  I hope this is real"
"Identifying Wood"
"I see what you did there Pixar"
"Art can be anything [NSFW]"
"Volcanic eruption from the air"
"GERONIMO!"
"Uhhh... What?"
"at a [5] cant think of what to call this NSFW"
"Not today."
"An oldie but a goodie"
"Hangover Cat"
"Bone Cancer"
"A look at bone cancer"
"MAGIC"
"How I feel when I play a brand new game on the hardest difficulty..."
"Chess"
"Photography school"
"From Breaking bad on September 2nd"
"All I have to say is... Narwhale.Bacon. Front page here I come!"
"Orwell vs. Huxley"
"Making friends with the mountain rats ended up being the worst plan ever."
"On and on forever and ever."
"Googled Funny Reddit. Did not dissapoint"
"Only a true friend"
"Needed a day off"
"Just don't mind him..."
"So my friend just became a dad..."
"Best comic I've read in a while."
"Grow The FUCK Up!"
"You wish you had this much class"
"Facebook stole a more recent post"
"MFW I read the stories on /r/tifu"
"I Make It Rain"
"I know its old but I love it so much."
"Bathtime!"
"Er  you missed a bit..."
"Er  you missed a bit..."
"I love pie charts"
"The most accurate pie chart"
"Pie Chart"
"The World’s Most Accurate Pie Chart (FIXED)"
"Don't Be Racist! Be like Mario"
"Neo Sheen"
"Walking in on your parents"
"When my girlfriend makes a joke that's funny. [FIXED]"
"When I went to put the dogs out  and noticed just how many black widows live on my back porch."
"When I accidentally looked at /r/spacedicks"
"When you walk in on your parents"
"leaving for work  only to realize it has snowed..."
"Recently stumbled upon this"
"Bitch slapper"
"Pink flamingo problem? I can solve that..."
"Zombie Lawn Gnomes"
"Who says graffiti can't be beautiful?[xpost from /r/graffiti]"
"Did one of those lame old west photo  this is how it turned out..FML"
"Candles-Petra Jordan"
"Samuel L. CATson loves people food"
"My Facebook feed finally delivered!"
"He's right behind us  isn't he?"
"How I feel about hurricane Sandy when I live in Florida"
"How I feel trying to do work with people up north while I am in Florida."
"Every time a girl hits on me."
"Gets me every time"
"Can I get slippers in my own image too?"
"He Wants You"
"facebook is gettin alil outta hand with these (1st post)"
"The original Scumbag Steve"
"Opportunity is still alive and kicking on Mars. Any chance it'll meet up with Curiosity?"
"Just waiting for the bus."
"Adorable Am I"
"Wrecking ball beats mini van."
"How I feel watching porn and my name is called out by the girl."
"I want to kill whoever invented this kind of packaging"
"Edward (safety) Scissorhands"
"5:01pm every work day"
"How to get welfare."
"Black jokes are funny"
"This showed up on my news feed. Lobstercycle?"
"Jay Laser"
"Whenever I look at new posts."
"What was he looking for?"
"Somebody got their head stuck in a bin in Aberdeen earlier today ..."
"Cannot think of one reason why you would get your head stuck there..."
"Heard laughing outside my work (in Scotland). looked out and saw this."
"Man gets his head stuck in a bin in Aderdeen."
"Googled Anne Hathaway  found this. Goodnight Internet!"
"So I google image searched &quot;Anne Hathaway&quot;.."
"Borrowed some clothes  hope you don't mind"
"What's up dog"
"WHY?!"
"What A Shitty Invention"
"There's no way this was supposed to appeal to children."
"My favorite gif ever (x-post r/funny)"
"How Upvotes are made"
"Guiles theme meets Reddit."
"Best upvote gif ever"
"Tara Reid Photobomb."
"Tara Reid Photobomb."
"That stare"
"As a non-football watcher  seeing my Facebook newsfeed"
"shitty heineken (fb)"
"Truth...."
"When I'm releasing what I think is a silent fart..."
"How did this even happen?"
"This is a ceiling."
"This is a ceiling. PIC"
"Need something to keep your hair out of your food?"
"Anyone know what kind of dog this is??"
"Nursing 101"
"Oprah + Sunglasses = WTF?"
"I normally don't like garden gnomes... I really don't like these"
"I've always had a fear of garden gnomes. Now they're my absolute nightmare."
"Just a Lizard"
"How I feel deleting a controversial post along with all my comments."
"Prepare your cheeks  it's Hurricane Sandy"
"A wallet  watch  waffles"
"Just a laser being shot into the Milky Way."
"Laser Towards the Center of the Milky Way (x-post /r/ExposurePorn)"
"Amazing picture of Laser pointing Towards the Center of the Milky Way (x-post /r/ExposurePorn)"
"Breathtaking sunset"
"popped up in my fb newsfeed.. thought this might belong here"
"Look how cute he is!"
"I just noticed the coke nails. Happy little trees indeed!"
"When my amateur physicist co-worker told me he is religious."
"This is about how my first job interview went..."
"Jump Around"
"Gangster panda"
"Dogs..."
"Cat Jump From 24 Miles Up In Space (animated gif)"
"The Great Jump"
"Feline Baumgartner"
"I think this belongs here..."
"TIL snakes also chase their tales"
"My Transsexual Transition."
"One year from Guy to Girl!"
"That Kid Is Pretty Scared Of Fish"
"No Shave November Goes Full Circle"
"I don't think so"
"How nutella is made?"
"I'm lovin' it"
"A true earworm"
"How to draw an owl"
"How I learned to draw"
"What snake venom does to blood (xpost from woahdude)"
"ewww"
"The real Scooby-Doo!!"
"For my first post  I present the real life Scooby Doo"
"how most of my posts go (sorry my only upvoter)"
"So much room for activities."
"Whenever I see someone comment &quot;FIRST!&quot; on a post/video/picture/link"
"Realy one year..."
"Son of a bitch. I bought them. NOW what am I gonna do with them?"
"Meowy Christmas. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Sleeping with the babe..."
"Lmfao."
"Yahoo Answers produces an awesome prank idea!"
"Anger Management"
"Soon"
"I haven't been on reddit all day..."
"Is It Just Me?"
"Downvote this all you want but it seems to be working fine for the rest of the world"
"How I feel browsing Reddit lately."
"So this just came up in my FB Feed..."
"This picture is total win"
"Let's PARTY!"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"Not Contagious."
"Endeavor flying past the University of Texas tower"
"Columbine class photo of 1999  check the top left corner."
"oh ya know... just someone skydiving from space in 1960"
"Follow your dreams!"
"Japan's X-Games are going hard"
"Is this a popular sport in China?"
"The Dark Knight Rishesh  eh?"
"Words of Wisdom from Abraham Lincoln."
"Using the handicap stall instead of a normal one."
"How I imagine everyone with an iPhone 5"
"Soldier thankful to come home to her daughter"
"Gotta love scrambled eggs!"
"Strongly considered this when i found out that my car had been shit all over by birds"
"My reaction when Colbert said something about Reddit..."
"Truer words..."
"For the love of god don't name your 3DS Carl."
"Swan Lake Unlimited"
"Whenever I get a couple up votes from a submission."
"In a way it's true...more atheists would tolerate religion if it wasn't for mass murder based on religion..."
"Onward my followers!"
"Wonder what kinda father he has..."
"Our trusty babysitter."
"Dutchfacebook page just submitted This.."
"Pillow."
"Sweet dreams."
"When I wrongly assume I can handle another shot."
"I think this belongs here"
"What happens when you shout too much in ASL"
"Submitted this 13 days ago. Trendsetter!"
"Mother of God  that's scary."
"Crab."
"Relevant."
"Shit Egoraptor..."
"White People"
"White People"
"EVERY.TIME. Someone forces me to dance at a wedding."
"Nothing like some concussive blast to wake you up in the morning"
"You should of paid"
"Are they racist?"
"It all makes sense now."
"Mont Saint Michel during a Lunar Eclipse."
"Facebook in a nutshell [Fixed]"
"I gigled"
"My Cute kitty"
"Oh  nothing much.....just a freaking grizzly Bear with a mustache  top hat  monocle  holding a flag  riding an eye-laser-shooting Abraham Lincoln into battle."
"The main reason the north won the civil war."
"Merica"
"Expert Mode"
"Expert mode"
"you don't say.."
"Just makes me smile."
"Seems...Legit"
"When i notice my bank account has gained one cent of interest."
"Reading through political Facebook posts in an election year"
"'Just the pattern on the pants..'"
"New redditors"
"Deep fry"
"Lembas Bread (X-post from r/funny)"
"Yes. Just yes."
"anyone feel like not sleeping tonight?"
"Well  there goes my childhood..."
"Don't tell me lies"
"From Acquaintances to Best Friends (x-post from /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"Directed by Michael Bay"
"Kids really like the Muppets..."
"Every time I cook something [Fixed]"
"Get down with the catness"
"Now that's bad ass."
"25 Years of Zelda"
"First post! Figured I would pay tribute to one of my favorite game series"
"pure epicness if you love zelda"
"Whenever I see this pic I'm disappointed that chances are we won't be able to find out whats out there in our lifetime"
"Be careful on the internet..."
"Hello? Yes this is babe"
"This is my life"
"Looks pretty scary to me"
"Pretty creative (x-post r/funny)"
"Meeting my gf's parents"
"Nintendo's Greatest hits."
"Nintendo Gif"
"All the awesome NES games in one gif."
"my general attitude now that it's finals week"
"When I hear a fly buzz by my ear"
"[Moderator Message] I hadn't checked up on this subreddit  only to come back and find we had gained 10 000 more readers in a matter of days. This was my reaction. (message to all in comments)"
"First one in my family to graduate college. This is how I feel right now."
"Mouth and esophagus of a leatherback turtle"
"Inside the mouth of a leatherback sea turtle"
"every time I think a post will get me a lot of karma"
"Worth the detention."
"FINAL ROUND: 1 Rock vs 21 Peanut Butter Brownies."
"Hands painted to look like real animals [x-post /r/pics] [pic]"
"Frappe Snowland Exists! (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Disney princesses modern day lifestyle."
"My day wasn't going as smoothly as i would have liked it. and then this happens."
"They say that the cigarette after a meal is the best - I think he might disagree"
"So people have gotten butthurt about how much of a jackass spiderman is in these memes..."
"Oh My God! Who The Hell Cares!"
"Monkey knife fight"
"No longer will I have to worry about my hair getting in my food while I eat! [X-Post from /r/wtf]"
"Oh Lawdy."
"Googled &quot;Hip Hop&quot;  found this gem."
"I see what you did there."
"What have I found..."
"Lucius Fox  you asshole!"
"Bacon."
"Warning: Lame Pun"
"The most interesting shitter in the world..."
"I don't normally poop while away from home..."
"Monkey love his PRINGLLEEE"
"Monkey love his PRINGLLEEE"
"FUCK THE POLICE. FUCK THEM SO MUCH."
"This is my Favorite oh god hahaha"
"Fuck the garbage man!"
"Total ANARCHY in the streets of London  UK"
"Boat Accident"
"The problem with time travel..."
"lol wut"
"Bitch  I'm Home (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Girls who could explode from their clothing at any second...."
"Immediately regret this decision."
"How it feels getting rejected."
"Workaholics [x-post from r/funny]"
"In the spirit of the olympics  a drop of water in front of a map"
"Drop of water in front of a map"
"Thats how you write a good Atheist joke !"
"This one always makes me laugh"
"So  what's yours?"
"It's a. Nice day  for a. WTF!"
"Hurricane Sandy reveals its true identity."
"How I felt on my last cakeday"
"HELP  FIRE!"
"epic photo"
"If You Wish Upon A Star..."
"I really hope thats not intentional. NSFW"
"to all the haters."
"Every online kid ever"
"My Sunday schedule"
"The picture my dad sends me on a friday night"
"Plese dounvte"
"I see what you did there"
"How my butt feels after eating Taco Bell"
"I'm doing Warrior Dash in one month and this is what I'm PRAYING it'll be like...."
"What I imagine when people say parkour"
"Baby Fennec Fox"
"It's Superdog!"
"Close enough."
"Anybody else seen Office Space? This is currently my wallpaper..."
"Oh  so that's where..."
"how its made"
"What it's like talking to my mom."
"Me every time I open my older brothers advanced theoretical physics text book."
"So about those airplane meals..."
"Every dog has his day. (x-post from r/pics)"
"How I feel during family birthday parties."
"'Tis the season"
"There's just so many great things about this picture..."
"How I feel after downloading Reddit Enhancement Suite"
"Architects in a nutshell."
"Too soon? [x-post from funny]"
"Nothing says I love you like... WTF?!?!?!"
"Taking pictures with iPads"
"this guy knows what's up"
"this is extremely accurate... (black ops)"
"Even as an adult  I still love doing this."
"Pokey and the Tard"
"T-500"
"How I imagine the NYC cops at the recent shooting."
"Heard my boss laughing and when I walked into his office this was on his screen."
"The Bible"
"I know this is ancient  but I had to post this after seeing an explanation of the bible post"
"Wise words"
"lol"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk."
"Go home rainbow. You're drunk."
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk. [xpost r/wtf]"
"The coolest man in Libya"
"My New Wallpaper. Amazing."
"Some men..."
"I done told you once"
"DIDNEYYY!"
"Just saw it was my cake day  here is my rushed karma whoring post"
"The March of Tyranny."
"4chan uses Hitler as a unit of measurement."
"Back home to the hood."
"Durp"
"Progression of Lindsay Lohan (xpost from r/gentlemanboners)"
"Meth- Not even once"
"I'd spelunk that."
"I googled &quot;worst gif ever&quot; and this was the first thing that I found."
"I googled &quot;worst gif ever &quot; and here's what came up."
"Smooth moves (fixed)"
"When someone opens a pack of gum..."
"It's my first birthday as a diabetic today &amp; my mum bought a double chocolate cake  my reaction to watching everyone else eat it &amp; tell me how nice it is."
"My toy!"
"&quot;I like to go to r/spacedicks  post this  and then leave.&quot;"
"Shakesbear"
"How I feel not owning a Roomba"
"I heard you guys go crazy over cats"
"Every time I reinstall windows."
"after getting a bigger monitor"
"How I felt after converting my VMs to thin provisioned disk."
"&quot;Wanna see my pet spider?&quot;"
"Think Positive"
"when it's my payday"
"Zero fucks given.."
"How can you ignore that face?"
"Leaning on the Balcony."
"The $50 Lesson"
"The $50 lesson [TFM]"
"For my first cakeday  here is a collection of funny pictures/gifs!"
"I'd hit it"
"My running buddy"
"So I googled &quot;handsome squidward....&quot;"
"My mom said she wants &quot;something sentimental&quot; for christmas..."
"Fapping to any picture on gonewild"
"Dusk  Edinburgh  Scotland"
"Machines are smarter than man!"
"i haz ear-blanket"
"Best friends"
"Nearly missed my free karma day!"
"I'll just sit right ear..."
"I'll get you my pretties!"
"PSA: They still make these... but they only sell them in South Korea"
"When I forget fire sauce at the Taco Bell drive through"
"Cool beer guy"
"Pimps on treadmills."
"Watched Titanic last night and this is all I thought about"
"A titanic achievement"
"Bitch please"
"I hope he doesn't beat me up for this"
"How I feel when I'm playing an RPG and need to level up my stats..."
"When you say &quot;macroevolution&quot; in a Facebook thread  this is how I picture you [first  be gentle  friends]"
"How I feel trying to come up with something funny on Reddit."
"How I fly jets in Battlefield 3 [Fixed]"
"how I feel trying to find college scholarships"
"What can I say?"
"The Last Supper"
"The REAL last supper."
"Prepare for trouble..."
"Prepare for Trouble!"
"But... you CAN touch your brain."
"I just don't understand their reasoning. It makes me feel sad."
"Facebook has reached a new low..."
"Yo..."
"I'm so excited I found r/birdswitharms! Here's my first attempt."
"Every time I overhear &quot;Girl Talk&quot;"
"How to avoid a Christian."
"Friend brought a dog over - next room over."
"Bookstairs in London [392x571]"
"Just a little taste."
"Best Bar Tender on Tatooine"
"Spongebob pondering where his life is going."
"Hair swapped!"
"An ant holding a microchip."
"En garde!"
"Gangsta Unicorn 2Die4"
"Tupacicorn!"
"GTFO...? No  you GTFO!"
"Tonight we ride at dawn"
"He's right. (x-post from r/images)"
"Desert Fox!"
"How to correctly massage a Kitty"
"reddit branded mop"
"TL;DR"
"So about that summer reading."
"Everybody wants a piece of his chicken."
"America...."
"Bros before hoes...haha Michael is my favourite"
"Where's wall-e ?"
"Best Birthday Card Ever"
"It's A Homo Devil Machine!"
"Fast Food Tray Wipeout"
"The man's got skills. Don't mess with him."
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Like a boss."
"Anyone remember this little gem?"
"The first thing I thought when I saw this picture"
"Black guy slide"
"A duck feeding fish. that is all."
"As it gets warmer  popsicles"
"Must...Not...Die"
"How I feel after browsing Reddit all day."
"When you get back from lunch and just want to take a nap"
"My body after hours of nonstop reddit."
"How I feel after eating a big lunch and returning to work..."
"I present to you a sexy shave llamas"
"Madness in the eyes"
"When reddit found out about this place."
"I use this when I don't understand something. I use it pretty often on Reddit."
"I have no words."
"Never thought this would happen to me but..... wow"
"Saw this on my news feed... Made me say WTF and pissed me off"
"Figured this belonged here"
"Face Swaps"
"shut up and take my money"
"Ms Marvel."
"I wonder what grade they got on their presentation"
"Macro moisture"
"We live in a beautiful world"
"You know you spend too much time online when..."
"Asian Redditor's Wife"
"Alcohol is a solution"
"Everytime they play &quot;my song&quot; at the club"
"Me  when i try to fit in with the other people at a big party"
"Goddamn hipsters."
"This just appeared on my Facebook feed. What the hell?"
"Leonardo DiCaprio vs. Biggie"
"Seems legit."
"I feel so dirty..."
"When I found out that after peeing  a small deposit of urine enters your mouth through salivary glands."
"How I feel when I don't drink at a party."
"How can you say you love her if you don't..."
"Is there a smartphone equivalent to this?"
"I try to hold my composure when I see a celebrity but I usually look like this"
"I try to hold my composure when I see a celebrity  but I usually look like this"
"Me when I realized my weekend starts in a few hours"
"When r/technology says warp drive is feasible"
"MRW ScalpelBurn comments in a thread."
"How I view Ohio as a Columbusite"
"How dumb must this catcher feel"
"Brother  help me!"
"I must try this."
"Planking Gone Right"
"Homestuck fandom's reaction to EOA going 100%"
"Obey the raptor."
"Favorite gif &amp; favorite song"
"Welcome to the Party Tardis!"
"Getting a single upvote while being downvoted to oblivion (r/gifs)"
"I don't care if I get downvoted  but this is gosh darn adorable."
"One of my favorite pics on the Internet"
"The Fairly OddParents: 10 years later"
"Right in the childhood"
"Timmy Turner all grown up."
"So I finally found an interesting pic on my facebook feed"
"In case you missed any of the women's gymnastics  here's a recap."
"Studies show that 83% of kids enjoy sack races."
"John Wilkes Bond"
"James Wilkes Booth"
"While boarding the plane  I noticed this..."
"Eyes on the prize"
"seems legit"
"Hey  you got something on your eye there."
"Every time I try to submit a link with a catchy title and I find out that it was already submitted."
"How I feel as a graduate physicist studying for my comprehensive exam tomorrow"
"I m Sorry Reddit it was my fault"
"Disney... I would watch this if it was a movie"
"Reddit's greatest GIF ever"
"Punch x 5"
"Every time I get downvoted."
"Gangnam style makes it way to nature."
"He's stoked on life"
"Dating a single mother.."
"Bronies vs. Benders  Day 3"
"&quot;nice&quot; &quot;hot&quot; Cup of &quot;coffee&quot;"
"When I make it to the front page of a really small subreddit."
"Bum buh buh buh bum"
"I have concerns about the new Wolverine movie."
"Yeah... You want to be here. Don't lie."
"I was looking around on this art website I post on. I then found this."
"Oh  there's your messiah now."
"Money in the bank  pimpin' ain't easy."
"Olympic season is upon us."
"What it felt like waking up to my karma being tripled overnight"
"Well isn't that just &quot;rickydickorous&quot;"
"UH-HUHUHUHUHUHUH"
"Getting down-voted on Cake Day"
"how i feel after a night of partying."
"Need more badges"
"Back to the 40's."
"I want to be like mommy!"
"I miss doing this"
"Do not want!"
"A picture I found while deleting stuff from my computer."
"the perfect combination of hilarious  cute  and kind of sad."
"When I eat a buttered popcorn flavored Jelly Belly."
"Ottersmashsandwich."
"Don't worry He's good."
"We all have feelings"
"Lol DID NOT READ!"
"Steve Buscemi was a Creepy Looking Kid"
"Me when someone sends me a link to 9gag"
"zero tolerance."
"Your Move."
"Amazing how casually he does it"
"I knew i recognized Psy from somewhere."
"Oh  the Internet..."
"Reddit summed up in one image."
"Test post"
"Showed up on the feed. NSFW"
"Guys listen."
"Guys  hear me out guys."
"One of my personal favorites"
"I always liked that song"
"NASA's Cassini drifted in giant planet's shadow for about 12 hours in 2006 and looked back toward the eclipsed Sun"
"Saturn  photographed by Cassini. Thanks  science!"
"I'm Done"
"How to get there"
"When your alarm goes off at 6am for the first time in months"
"Y  R and U..."
"Thanks Obama!"
"A nuisance of cats."
"Presidential Debates gets hairy"
"Finally got myself some quality OC that's sure to get upvoted."
"WARNING! [O.C.]"
"Too sour for me"
"Like a theist confronted with logic"
"How many people could you feed?"
"So this is real..."
"Scumbag Steve. Explained memes to my mom. She actually gets it. Here's hers.[FIXED]"
"every time..."
"How I picture r/aww"
"You're damn right!"
"What bears REALLY do in the woods"
"i figured it out"
"Look at me now"
"Bearnam Style"
"Saw this Gif and I felt this music fitted the situation perfectly"
"drank"
"got 2 scratch my ass"
"Serious Scratchin"
"Wow! That IS fast!"
"This was on my newsfeed today.. &quot;He fell faster than MSNBC's credibility&quot;"
"Best AMA verification pic ever"
"What happens when cats get wet?"
"This is how i felt when i recently visited /r/spacedicks for the first time.."
"I got bored  brave  and drunk enough to see what /r/spacedicks is all about. This was how it went..."
"Creepiest (and coolest) bug I've ever seen. Phyllodes Imperialis  or as I call it  Halloween Caterpillar."
"Scared me for a sec"
"Will Smith FTW."
"First GifSound"
"Fast and Furious: Polio Drift [fixed]"
"Speed Racer"
"2x Problem"
"How I felt when I found out my 5 year High School reunion was last weekend and I didn't get invited."
"The Spin Cycle..."
"Jump!"
"Vanity"
"Igloo Village  Finland"
"D-d-d-d-drop the bees!"
"THIS CLUB CAN'T EVEN HANDLE ME RIGHT NOW."
"oh god..."
"oh god.."
"I don't downvote much  but when I do I feel like this"
"If you never did this"
"george carlin"
"Fuck umbrellas."
"99% of Asians are like this"
"Robert Downey Jnr. on Chinese Olympians."
"Sigmund Says..."
"How it must feel to be Grumpy Cat's owner"
"Cross-Section of a Banana Under a Microscope  got it on yesiknowthat.com"
"a curious monkey with lots of perseverance and a george-antuan amount of awwness"
"'Bohemian RhapSoda'"
"Fanta sea?"
"How I feel as a Redditer who likes Nickelback."
"Ok well  that disturbing."
"[GIF] My mind at [9]"
"Your in my way!"
"He's Really Angry Right Now (aka: My dog's testicles are caught in a mousetrap)"
"Close enough"
"Creepiest face swap I've ever made"
"Roll Tide"
"Just out for a drive"
"What?"
"Me on /r/Spacedicks"
"The evolution of Link's swords. [FIXED]"
"Look what I saw at the bus stop the other day."
"REASONS WHY PEOPLE WHO WORK WITH COMPUTERS SEEM TO HAVE A LOT OF SPARE TIME."
"&quot;I dunno if you're strong enough to... okay  okay&quot;"
"Hmm  r/spacedicks sounds interesting...wha- nvm."
"It's a bit late  but... how I feel being 28  taken  seeing all my friends get married and realizing I'm in line."
"After 8 years in a Jetta  this is how I feel parking my new F-150."
"I did Nazi this coming at all."
"When you know to turn down the volume"
"Nothing impressive  but Happy Halloween  r/bicycling."
"Quick! Play the song of time!&quot;"
"Clever bastard"
"Hey there... (x-post from /r/gif)"
"I Love You Man!"
"Ted Turner Rage"
"Breathtaking abandoned castle in Italy [906x1280]"
"Speaking of pausing at the wrong time..."
"say i won't!"
"When people complain that I unknowingly reposted."
"With all the reposts I figured I would repost my favorite post that has yet to be reposted."
"I Bought A Box Of Cornpops Cereal With This Comic On The Back..."
"Smart car"
"Jonothan. B . Goode"
"Am I the only one around here who gives a shit about the rules?"
"How I feel after attempting to post my first forum and getting brutally attacked"
"When my post gets buried immediately..."
"Color Photography of Life in World War 2"
"When an attractive girl catches me looking at her in class..."
"Whenever I say Hello to the Lady"
"Like i give a fuck"
"There  I fixed it."
"EVERYONE."
"Had to post this exactly at midnight for it to make sense."
"I've been waiting to post this for a year."
"Dawn of The Final Day"
"Good Luck Friends"
"Good Luck Friends"
"Been waiting a year to post this. Good luck fellows."
"Group photo!"
"That's what I'm sayin dog"
"Our math teacher said he needed to impose his authority over the class... Mission accomplished."
"Dat ass."
"Gangam style has nothing on this."
"Gangam Style has nothing on this."
"What's up?"
"Saw this on Facebook. A million times yea."
"Possibly the creepiest shadow I've ever seen"
"My awesome professor at Comic-Con this year. He's doin it right."
"Antoine Dogson?"
"Always makes me laugh"
"Hey cat  hey cat  hey cat  hey cat....Im going to Boop you"
"Hey Cat!"
"Imma boop your head"
"Me when people post overused Wonka memes for karma"
"Sometimes you gotta chuck a drum"
"C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER"
"Dolphin Combo breaker"
"Scumbag Whale"
"Being 6'6 ft tall  this is what I'm like after being scared shitless"
"Dat Cray"
"Invisible lats"
"Friend 1 asks &quot;you wanna know what my dad gave me?&quot; Friend 2 replies..."
"Is your housemate an ATHEIST?"
"Yup  this describes all of us...."
"overly manly man likes steak"
"Ground control to major dog"
"What I do when someone wants to fight me"
"When someone is wrong on the internet"
"buzzin ninja"
"Freezer you need to chill out"
"Haters gonna hate..."
"Thanks Discovery Channel  we now have a new group of people to hate."
"When I see a (m) post in r/gonewild"
"smooth"
"For some reason I uttered the phrase &quot;google doggie boobs&quot;. So I did. I found a scarf."
"Broccoli in a MRI looks like fireworks."
"I can swing my sword"
"As a European  this puts hurricane Sandy into perspective"
"Guard goose"
"Guard Goose"
"Oh Roller Coaster Tycoon..."
"Choo choo bitches!"
"Thomas don't care"
"I got this. Easy. Ready.. set... FUCK."
"Messi Arrived today to Saudi Arabia"
"Point that away! It's freaking Messi!"
"Ive just had about 30 unsuccessful comments in a row"
"Some things make me feel like I'm not worthy of considering myself creative."
"Volcanic hell"
"Controls kids better then Airport Mum"
"He knows how to handle bitches"
"STAHP - brothers name is Dave - this is all I can think when I see him down vote me"
"My girlfriend tried to crack a nut on my coffee table. This is what happened. x-post from /WTF"
"Spiders migrate up into trees after flood in Pakistan. Fuck that."
"Spoonachos"
"You are here  simply amazing."
"Moving neon film posters. Simply awesome."
"Who Ya Gonna Call?"
"FREEZE"
"Practicing his stealth [fixed]"
"Saw this on /r/funny  thought it suited this sub better"
"Mt. Rainier"
"My friend posted this on his facebook. It needs to be here."
"Don't know if creepy or WTF"
"I wish billy was still alive"
"Shuffling zebra"
"Lol wut?"
"After the realization that tomorrow is Friday"
"DROP IT"
"Drop it"
"Whenever one of my posts gets downvoted to oblivion"
"Flooding in NZ makes for some... gnarly waves."
"Nature."
"The Rainbow Leaf Beetle. (Chrysolina cerealis)"
"This gorgeous little creature is Chrysolina cerealis  also known as the rainbow leaf beetle."
"My brain on red bull..."
"Albino Chimpanzee"
"Pretty much how I felt at work today."
"no respect for authority..."
"no respect for authority..."
"small comforts."
"They said I couldn't jump because I was a girl. Nailed it."
"Now I know where the Priest get it...."
"How I picture Reddit over the last day. (x-post from /r/thelastairbender)"
"Priorities."
"i thought i was flexible"
"She spelled &quot;selfish bitch&quot; wrong"
"weve all experienced this as kids"
"just happened today"
"This is all I could think about while watching this week's episode of Community."
"Hello?"
"Never knew that 7 hours could be so beautiful"
"Thank you for helping me pass my WWII final essay."
"Often get this sung to me. My name is America."
"Everyone always forgets Cookiecutter sharks..."
"How to make friends this Halloween"
"New Dragonball Z movie screenshot"
"Whenever submitting anything after 10 p.m."
"My girlfriend asked me if I remember when she was skinny."
"Fun with Jesus."
"The Rapiest cat"
"Abandon thread!"
"Stop! Don't make me pee"
"Mitt Romney and the boys from Bain Capital"
"club cant even handle me right now"
"Hello  I'm Mr Ed."
"Cant think of a title."
"Bonnie &amp; Clyde.."
"Your my bitch now"
"I'm walking on sunshine"
"Since we are doing skulls  here is the skull of a child developing its adult teeth."
"Saving Lives."
"It's over 9000!"
"Need to paint you nails..."
"Need some nail art? Why not Zoidberg?"
"These aren't my glasses. [Fixed]"
"pokemon centers in a nutshell"
"Lake Effect Snow vs. Michigan"
"I want one!"
"It all makes sense now"
"Decided to google &quot;Reddit Underwater&quot;"
"I give to Reddit something as beautiful as it is dangerous."
"Did somebody say war cry?"
"Anybody else have this reaction to seeing a friend make the front page?"
"This person has to be a stunt guy forever [Gif]"
"Assassins creed parkour"
"Comparative theology"
"Probably a repost but still funny/true."
"/r/ aww in a nutshell."
"My favorite loading screen of all time [Fixed]"
"Sitting in my Calculus class  this is what i always want to say to the teacher."
"Giant Karma Machine"
"Reminds me a bit of Octodad"
"When I found out that the book I chose for summer assignments isn't on Sparknotes"
"Tough times in Israel"
"glad to see that he also has a good sense of humor."
"Because FUCKYOU  that's why (panda GIF)"
"How I feel down voting new submissions"
"old tennant forgot about this evil in their freezer"
"Imma cry  fo realzz"
"help this man find his tortoise!"
"It's the best kind of soup."
"KEEP AWAY!!!!"
"Have mercy!!!!!"
"Dat Pinky"
"I think you guys would like this."
"After a hard days work..."
"Don't Blink."
"Saint Olaf of Reddit"
"Reddit's Jesus"
"The wise man of Reddit."
"As a redditor  this is what I expect at the end of no shave movember"
"Searched &quot;King of Reddit&quot; on Google Images"
"Googled for &quot;King of Reddit.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"All bow before the new king of Reddit!"
"She's gonna get over you"
"Not sure if trolling or just very stupid."
"Oh  Jesus!"
"Oh the irony..."
"what? I don't even..."
"from Hitler to Super Wizard(Fixed)"
"Google Kills Bambi"
"To my match form RedditGifts who sent me nothing and will not respond to my messages..."
"They're all MIIIIINE!"
"Reddit  what would you do with this many freeze pops?"
"For instant fun  just add water (let's hope this works)"
"Hurry up! They are coming."
"Missin Feesh!"
"Go on dude  hurry up  mom will be here any moment"
"It's hard to imagine a context that would make this picture make sense."
"I just googled 'Ron Swanson' - found one the single greatest pictures of all time"
"My sister works at a museum  I never knew her religious  political  or personal leanings until she went on a rant in front of a group of her very Christian friends about how she could not understand people accepting all the evidence and reasoning that supports scientific theories."
"Well... that's nice"
"Hey little buddy  let me help you there."
"Let me scratch that for ya"
"BALL!!!"
"You'll shoot your eye out!... again?"
"This is the farthest view into our universe. Ever. [Hubble telescope.]"
"My reaction when I realized that my Cakeday was yesterday and I completely missed it."
"Realizing that my phone doesn't have a passcode and that I left it in a room full of friends..."
"He who has no happiness."
"This game..."
"Whenever I know the answer in class"
"Become a partner in WHAT?!"
"Get this cop fired. Texting  driving  no hands on wheel."
"I get a warning and a week later I see this sheriff sexting behind the wheel"
"Missing link or first contact?"
"Not disappointed. When I entered random stuff into imgur."
"No Thanks  I'm Stuffed."
"a personal favorite"
"What voting feels like."
"See familiar work on Reddit... realise someone stole my work."
"How I feel as a 25 year old with regular acne breakout."
"He knows best"
"This is to true."
"So true."
"How i imagine redditors complaining about reposts"
"My dog likes to stick his head out the window."
"playing against detroit used to be tough"
"She knows. (/r/4chan)"
"I am not only a frying egg..."
"Singing eggs."
"HIFW I Talk to Foreign People."
"how could anyone ressist"
"Sleeping With The Fishes"
"How I feel when people post their PERSONAL views on atheism/religion."
"Who won the Vice Presidential debate?"
"I'm waiting for something to drop into a puddle and get this movie started"
"Yeah  i got the stuff"
"How I feel for having my first cake day. Thank You Reddit  for all the fun!"
"Waking up to my post getting 1000 up votes in a night"
"Well I don't need to sleep tonight [ x-post from /r/fearme ]"
"I will not be sleeping tonight..."
"Andre 3000?"
"Emma Stone"
"Ghost in the cemetery"
"Occupy Sydney"
"Chicken in disguise"
"Whenever I read peoples posts on facebook"
"How I feel when the cafeteria workers at my college get stingy with breakfast."
"My girlfriend painted this  pretty impressed"
"My girlfriend painted this  i thought i would share her skills with you reddit!"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"If I can't find a job after studying for my degree..."
"Mickey Mouse"
"I heard that Reddit likes cats that do human things..."
"This isn't even my final form"
"Dawwww"
"Makes me smile every time..."
"Well  it certainly didn't start off as a joke."
"Asking for and receiving the first sext message feels like."
"A slo-mo bullet hitting a wall."
"This is me  a console gamer  as I see all of the amazing deals of the Steam Summer Sale"
"This week has been difficult for me as a Mac user. Me every time I see a PC only game on Steam."
"Cecilia  responsible for the restoration of the Christ of Borja  is simply another artist in a long line of visionaries..."
"I let my dad rename our WiFi network..."
"This scared me  and I don't even know why."
"The things you'll find on the internet..."
"Well then I guess she's gunna be forever alone."
"Kyle has a girlfriend and no one believes it"
"Pay a toll! What the..."
"Some people just don't listen!"
"Baby  wtf. [by Keaton Stoos]"
"Gentlemen's Alphabet: E is for Emma Stone"
"Just a treehouse.. [xpost from r/wtf]"
"Zach Galifianakis baby picture"
"Break So Bad! (Chinese Bootleg Breaking Bad)"
"A clever fake"
"Carma"
"Quaaaaid. Open your mind to me."
"How I feel during a math test"
"Yo Dawg! I hate when this happens..."
"such a &quot;picture perfect&quot; moment"
"Just a young Steve Irwin and a platypus"
"Found this on /r/emmawatson but it belongs here."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks since 1998 (as well as palms)"
"Oh  YouTube..."
"Kayak Diving Fail"
"DJ Jesus died for our spins."
"so much truth"
"Two different perspectives"
"The Mesiah"
"Today would be his birthday. Boy do I miss him."
"obvious choice"
"Fed Lee Sin"
"Wookie Goldberg"
"Play Slender  they said. It'll be fun  they said."
"&quot;What is your major?&quot; &quot;Art&quot; XD"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Eucalyptus regnans over Black Spur Drive  Australia"
"Paint war in Berlin"
"Street art - Paint war in Berlin"
"Bath time!"
"Guns for Gas? Go Memphis"
"My life described via cats"
"SUP BRO!!"
"You Come at the King  You best not miss"
"It just got real."
"So I Google searched &quot;what is reddit.&quot;"
"Photo of maggot x100 magnification"
"Maggot under an electron microscope."
"target in sight this shot is for all the bananas"
"Pygmy Marmosets on fingers."
"Oh Mr.Bean..."
"Sincerely...Canada"
"Anon goes to America (x-/r/4chan)"
"Found this while looking through an art gallery  all I can say is WTF"
"Overly Manly Man"
"Wanna bet?"
"You can't give me no time because I got this really cool snapback  Your Honor"
"We're a little behind schedule for the next Jaws movie... (x-funny)"
"Some folks just don't understand."
"This is really just awesome."
"NFL Qb's talking on fb"
"When NFL Quarterbacks go on FB"
"Whatcha thinkin bout?"
"I am Iron Man"
"DYEL?"
"So I was playing a game on my phone when I saw this"
"I don't think we're in Kansas anymore"
"On &quot;Taken 2&quot;"
"3 Other Reasons Why You Should Never Mess with Mr. Liam Neeson."
"Invisible string"
"For when you can't afford the expensive can of fish assholes"
"Mmmmm...Manhattan Style's the best."
"Maybe Too Organic?"
"Just a normal bag of lettuce"
"Don't remember seeing anything like this on The Discovery Channel"
"So close"
"Jumping down from space with a parachute? Meh  diving would be something."
"And the WTF sign of the month for Janurary goes to...!!!"
"When the keg runs out right before you get there"
"We need a Penguin champ in LoL!"
"Guy calls a guy just to &quot;talk&quot;"
"Bat Feet"
"Don't do drugs  don't shoplift"
"A man is dating 3 women.."
"Why I lose in any game."
"I do the same thing while watching the Food Network"
"Having a good time... [NSFW]"
"Wilsooooon!"
"What a whore."
"Your cat is Dead"
"'MERICA"
"Yes  I know spear fishing is dangerous. I get your point."
"A disappointing end to the search"
"Carl!!!"
"MY MOTHER WARNED ME ABOUT THIS CARL"
"well im walking to work"
"mfw gamestop sells me a crap game"
"The only thing I thought of when I saw this cat"
"You okay in there? Need help? Just checking..."
"Gun shop owners starting to speak up."
"I do Stoner Metal drawings and paintings  Here's one of my most recent works."
"cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuteeeee!"
"Greatest tent setup I've ever seen"
"Getting down"
"Best caption wins"
"I just bought a new grill..."
"My friend spotted these guys while driving around town yesterday"
"Well  if the Bible says so..."
"Just Steven Segall"
"I don't even know what to title this."
"So..I found this on the internet..."
"Best picture on the internet according to Google."
"Live in the meow"
"Albert Einstein smoking pot?"
"This is your brain on reddit:"
"Overly Attached Nicolas Cage.."
"The only cage you need"
"WTF  Poo? [NSFW]"
"Winnie the Pooh gives no fux."
"Whoa  Pooh is an ASSHOLE [FIXED]"
"Every time I post on Reddit.."
"Perfect place to watch a movie."
"Damn....You got to be KIDDING me (SNES)"
"I will not be changing my background any time soon  the wallpaper is too beautiful."
"Have We Met?"
"Bill Fuckin' Murray."
"Going through life is easier with someone by your side  12 years and still together."
"Pay attention  Simba."
"Goddamn it  Simba"
"Some kids just don't listen..."
"My parents just gave me their crappy 1990 car for my 18th Birthday."
"Trying to decide whether to ask my ex for my saxaphone back or live forever without it"
"Forever alone"
"Rorschach on God."
"On my second annual day of cake  I was hoping for this."
"Interesting face swap"
"Australians [FIXED]"
"Deforestation."
"Meanwhile in Latvia... Xpost from r/4chan"
"The Global Transportation System"
"It's like Taken...but with more Nicolas Cage."
"Hey look  it's Google!"
"Um  honey? I think our daughter's ready for &quot;the talk&quot;."
"Because God bless America"
"nuff Said"
"I will never be this cool - on set with Sir Ian McKellen as Gandalf the Grey"
"Talk about determination!"
"Military vehicles in Chernobyl"
"The power of the Ring"
"Rudolph doesn't take any crap."
"Rudolph doesn't take any crap."
"It was very windy on my daily commute this morning. This is how I powered through it."
"How I feel on these windy fall days.."
"IRL keyboard functions"
"Every fucking day!"
"This is humorous."
"Ken vs Fisherman"
"Earth lovin'"
"All across town"
"Found this under my car's wiper coming out of the grocery store  thought I'd share."
"This is a unique geological phenomenon known as Danxia landform. These phenomena can be observed in several places in China. This example is located in Zhangye  Province of Gansu. The color is the result of an accumulation for millions of years of red sandstone and other rocks."
"Poor Kitty"
"Nope."
"Cat door (o_o)"
"&quot;EGHFFFH... Wait  what?&quot;"
"Cat pranking"
"Translucent ants eat colored liquids"
"I feel the same way watching Lisa Lampanelli doing a Roast on Comedy Central"
"Browsing reddit  looking at the time  and browsing again."
"When a NSFW post turns out to be NSFL"
"Why you should not swallow your chewing gum"
"Me and my girlfriend when we were reading the recent 'cheating' thread together"
"Onward my lackey!"
"Oh Shit."
"I had a pop quiz in my Korean Literature class this morning. Guess how I did."
"Sand Grains"
"They have people hands!"
"My favorite part of Mein Kampf"
"Fudge Mittens"
"My cousin said he photoshopped a picture of me. About shit my pants when I opened the Email."
"My cousin said he photoshopped a picture of me."
"So I was browsing the Steam TF2 community  when all of a sudden..."
"BROMANCE"
"Best. Reaction. Ever."
"What has been seen"
"What pure terror looks like"
"back in the office the morning after the holiday break"
"When I forgot the course I was running during cross country practice"
"I leave Reddit for one day."
"Everywhere I Go..."
"Everywhere I Go..."
"How to troll someone."
"Stop making your shit look so much alike Walmart"
"Almost killed my family this morning."
"Can we all just shut up and admit that this is the coolest secret room ever?"
"a safety precaution in less than 140 characters"
"Shark swimming next to a car in Ocean City  MD. No big deal."
"Getting passed in the left lane... BY A SHARK!!!"
"When my last couple of posts didn't completely tank"
"When one of my posts is accepted by Reddit"
"How I feel when I get 300 up-votes on a comment."
"Oh  you wanna wash your hands for longer than four seconds?"
"Dancin' spider (GIF)"
"Come at me  bro!"
"Epic Spider Fight"
"Psychosocial Spider"
"Every time my dog sees himself in the mirror"
"BMX Musings"
"You'r the best around!"
"I found him."
"Found him!"
"These fucking things are the bane of my existance...."
"I hear Pizza Hut has great Italian food."
"This isn't what I ordered  where's the extra pickles?!"
"RIP Steve Irwin. September 4  2006."
"This is wrong in so many levels"
"Stop using the wrong meme."
"Memes? REALLY?"
"From my Facebook feed today.."
"All of Raiders of the Lost Ark... in a gif"
"When my gf catches me looking at porn. (sfw)"
"When I'm looking at a hot girl and her dad sees me"
"My planet needs me..."
"So we seem to have found the same dog...."
"So we seem to have found the same dog...."
"Everytime"
"What Hansel and Gretel should have used to find their way back..."
"All for one!"
"Hey guys! Look at this gem I found!"
"Christmas done right."
"Do want"
"When I see customers destroy the pile of shirts I just neatly folded"
"Meme Dress. The internet is leaking."
"I don't like your cat. He scratches too much when he plays."
"Now THIS will help me on my history test!"
"Laugh with us!"
"Oh YouTube..."
"I'm late for my meeting"
"Business Cat"
"Business cat gets distracted"
"true words"
"Blast from the past [Win95]"
"All dogs go to heaven"
"Church Fight"
"Girl im just tryna get in ur bikini bottom"
"Not a single bother was given that day."
"I AM..."
"Didn't expect something like this from Facebook"
"Extreme...bowling?"
"This is how I bowl"
"I can't stop laughing."
"When a video is unavailable in my country"
"My friend had these 3 guys show up at work today and they had an interesting message."
"When you go over a paper you're proud of writing"
"I just found this on /b/ Theists: 1000 Atheists: 0"
"/r/poop"
"'Then maybe you shouldn't CREATE SIN' (by Jim Benton  x-post from /r/comics)"
"Kinky Cats"
"Car destroys dog"
"Oompa Loompa Romney"
"Axe!"
"Where did it go wrong?"
"Just Starry Starry Night. I stared at this through the whole song."
"Soon..."
"Googled &quot;Girl eat girl&quot; and this picture... (SFW)"
"How I reacted after discovering RES and it's night mode which will allow unlimited browsing in bed next to snoring boyfriend."
"close to a hundred upvotes and this is dumb look on my face"
"How I Felt Getting 600 Comment Karma On My First Day Of Reddit."
"I could have told you that"
"I could have told you that"
"U mad  bro?"
"just sheldon and amy.... being attractive and all."
"Kid desperately trying to get Megan Fox's attention"
"I cannot wait"
"Talk about luck  I was desperate to rest my legs."
"My dad posted this on Facebook..."
"Nice bookstore"
"A friend of facebook just got this batman mustache style"
"I have an indescribable need to grow facial hair now."
"Mo-vember  Dark Knight Style"
"Keepin' it classy on aisle 3"
"You may now kiss my paw"
"Well this is neat"
"Hanging High Above The Hoover Dam"
"Dilbert is obviously a Redditor."
"apply cold water to burned area"
"Chaos: A huge flock of Red-billed Queleas flies in to drink at the same time as an African Elephant in Tsavo National Park  Kenya"
"donald disrespects bro"
"Area codes in which Ludacris claims to have hoes."
"Business as usual"
"I think these GTA mods are getting a little out of hand."
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Couch Potato"
"Labs; A Comparison"
"I don't know!"
"A walrus' birthday"
"It's someone's real life cake day!"
"Ohhhh you shouldn't have!"
"the reason r/WTF exists."
"Well  I really wish I could explain..."
"Now we know who really is calling the shots in the Obama White House"
"When I learned Jersey Shore was cancelled."
"You are now leaving Bikini Bottom..."
"Why do you believe in god?"
"I was cleaning up some file folders and came across something I'd forgotten I had  figured it'd be appreciated here"
"A general guide to debating for beginners. Some good info inside."
"White people are crazy"
"Kitten in a tube"
"Whenever i try to play whack-a-mole"
"Choose Wisely."
"Sorry ahead of time  this may break Reddit."
"One gif to rule them all!"
"Cannot. Handle. Cuteness."
"Cutest little guy ever!"
"Up"
"This is how I feel when my mom with four degrees tells me that the computer &quot;isn't working.&quot;"
"Two generations in one photo"
"Late At Night"
"R/Gonewild (SFW)"
"First know picture of Michael Phelps"
"Smile for the camera!"
"Sponge Bob's greatest"
"This is the first four panel image I have enjoyed."
"I giggled a bit."
"What a lovely day"
"So this happened in target"
"No  they aren't"
"I don't think my hat goes well with my suit. Thoughts?"
"Casual"
"Google maps"
"Whippin' hair back and forth"
"Why not to do drugs."
"While most of my friends were playing Mario Kart  I was always partial to this game. [FIXED]"
"As the anticipation builds for Playstation All-Stars  one can only hope that this Playstation clone of a Nintendo game will end up like this one"
"Nope no no no no AHHH HELL NO not even fire could kill it"
"I am submitting this for my own record. Do not upvote."
"The God Particle"
"The internet is coming."
"Wild Horses  France"
"The never ending Birthday."
"Y'all gon' make me act a fool  up in here  up in here."
"Seriously spooky gif"
"My Reaction When I Discovered RES v4.0.3"
"How I felt today when my comment karma quardupled"
"Walking through a spider web"
"My reaction when my boss said I could go home early on a friday."
"How /r/politics feels right now..."
"r/politics right now"
"Real reason why the panda freaked out."
"I paid what!? (gif)"
"Some of my artwork. What does reddit think?"
"Found this while cleaning my computer today.. Cute couple?"
"They call him Muderface"
"Playing imgur roullete... when suddenly WTF? (NSFW)"
"*cries*"
"Amazing puppy face of a raccoon!"
"Cat Valentine"
"Classic"
"He's real!"
"This is just fucked up. [NSFW]"
"OCD desk"
"So... what if you are in the middle and have to pee?"
"Tiny sleeping puppies."
"Im the type of girl..."
"Strange."
"Let the Hunger Games begin!"
"Jewel Caterpillar"
"As an aspiring web designer this is how I feel learning PHP"
"Best threesome candidates  or worst?"
"Just walked in on my family praying out loud together.."
"When I see my ex at a party..."
"My reaction when I show up to a reservation and the other person isn't there yet..."
"Accidentally walking in on my roommate and his &quot;guest&quot;..."
"Logged on to Facebook after the debate tonight."
"Eatin' Healthy"
"LOL LOL LOL LOL"
"Dr. Hedgeh isn't having a good time"
"Every time youtube changes their layout"
"You had a bad time. Am I doing this right?"
"This just happen to me"
"When I walk into a bathroom stall and see the toilet full of shit"
"Oppa Romney Style"
"What's so funny?"
"My mom was worried about my trip to Africa  so I sent her this"
"When my post gets its first couple of upvotes..."
"Decided to check out the Snooki pics"
"How I look realizing you could put 100 links per page."
"So my friends found a fire hydrant last night..."
"If you didn't catch the Democratic National Convention 2012 (USA)  here's what you've missed."
"[Incredibly NSFW] The Mounted police hard at work!"
"So my mom sends me this picture in an email today..."
"Jurgen never quite got the whole Nazi thing"
"German soldier with a cat on his head while wearing a nightshirt  a helmet  boot  armed with a bayonet  and standing in front of a latrine."
"Kidnap?"
"The first time I masturbated."
"Words... they fail me"
"worst idea ever"
"Getting in to the game with Kinect"
"When movie tie-in games go too far..."
"When my parents ask me how i know so many things"
"John Lennon Snorting Coke"
"THE LORD HIMSELF!"
"Aaaand  there goes this site's credibility."
"Study Time"
"I burned my finger and it kind of looks like a penis"
"Remember that 4-year old with terminal bone cancer who lit the batsignal? The boy is now in remission  and Christian Bale flew him to Disneyland to meet him personally where they had lunch at Club 33."
"Todd Akin right now."
"After getting back with the Ex"
"After watching a horror movie &quot;based on true events&quot;"
"After I bought a bag of candy  an learned what &quot;castoreum&quot; was."
"So I clicked random on imgur..."
"Joseph Ducreux is too sexy for his..."
"The change in his pocket just wasn't enough..."
"If your over 21  or telling the truth. I'm sure we have all woken up like this a few times too many."
"Whenever i click on the &quot;random&quot; button."
"Wait  what?! Suddenly I feel like watching game shows."
"BatFact #42"
"Fuck you  I'm a sign."
"Escape!"
"Oh  advertisements..."
"As a person with full blown mania  this is how I look being told to work over time the day 'Dishonored' came out."
"Just an obstacle"
"Thanks to Subwayeatn  I finally got the gif I wanted."
"Told a girl I like her  she hasn't really talked to me since"
"How I feel after eating a 1/2 LB Reese's peanut butter cup"
"David Grohl on being grounded."
"Reddit  you guys really love cats for some reason. Who am I to deny you?"
"Honey you don't need karma"
"whenever someone tells me they dont like Star Wars"
"Abandoned Yugoslovian War Monument"
"Who indeed"
"Who indeed"
"Dog hairdressing win"
"German Sign: Usage of the toilet - small penis 10 cent  big penis 2 euros [SFW]"
"Not sure if the Romney team checked out the background letters on this on (just posted to his FB page)."
"Baby Do's and Dont's  an illustrated guide"
"Weeee! Speedboats!"
"Shaken  not stirred."
"As you can see  I am having a great Friday night..."
"I just googled &quot;dumb looking kitten&quot; and this came up.."
"Midwest  brace yourselves."
"Its like clockwork (x imgoingtohell..)"
"My boyfriends cat nugget"
"After seeing the same stupid post upvoted to the front page again."
"In 1995  this was the coolest thing on the internet [FIXED]"
"Look at this new dancing baby that I totally found"
"Young money is terrible....."
"US servicemen en route to Afghanistan."
"You lookin at ME?!"
"How I feel when Someone takes my turn in line."
"This is sadly true"
"Well said  good Sir."
"The Tortoise and the Cat"
"Whole...nuva  level."
"all glory to the real hypnotoad!!!"
"how i feel when i downvote something on the front page"
"Rat nap."
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"And they wonder why exercise initiatives fail"
"When somebody asks me if I'm responsible for a smelly fart."
"Mike Tyson For President"
"Spin Cat"
"Spin it!"
"&quot;Skydiving doesn't make you cool...............&quot;"
"Cleaning up my &quot;friends&quot; list. [FB]"
"How I feel about all these World Series posts on facebook:"
"Everytime I see a post tagged &quot;Hey Reddit am I doing this right?&quot;"
"Hard 2 Kill.."
"Oh sir you have a knife to the face? Better pull out my camera!"
"The Longest Chuck Norris Gif Ever"
"Hey man  Its cool..."
"Where the fuck is this epicness from?"
"These are the BREAKS!"
"Saw this guy at the beach yesterday  I guess he's still figuring out this fatherhood thing"
"Not this guy"
"Wii U  Wii U  Wii U  Wii U"
"Giraffe Kisses"
"I don't care if you need a ride to the E.R.  I have to walk her!"
"You sunk my battleshot!"
"Fuck you I'm a cat."
"Bitch I'm a cat."
"Great song to drive with!!"
"A bar full of class"
"Not quite sure what to title this as..too cool."
"AAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY"
"The good shepherd."
"Sheep hurrdurr"
"The Good Shepherd"
"Getting ready for Halloween."
"A firefighter getting blown off a porch"
"I wouldn't wanna meet this guy"
"How I feel when I get a new fish"
"Kit has discovered a fun new game..."
"Why is this not in every bathroom?"
"At KFC Today"
"Time to Double Down!"
"Only in russia"
"What is this? I don't even..."
"Nicolas Cage as a baboon"
"I suppose I'd be jumpy too."
"My favorite Pokemon"
"Magikarp  the most powerful Pokemon."
"Get that dick out of your ear and listen. Magikarps all the way"
"Transparent frog"
"I can't stop looking."
"It's incredible how in-sync they are"
"15 years ago vs today"
"The force is strong with this one"
"Not sure if combination is good  or just the music."
"Meanwhile  in Italy."
"Rolling hills and a beautiful church"
"Remember that time the UK had a hurricane..."
"Missiles inbound"
"Extreme Skydiver Felix Baumgartner as he prepares to jump from over 21 000 meters on March 15  2012. This was a test jump."
"Amazing photo just before the jump [ Red bull Stratos ]"
"Felix Baumgartner about to jump from 128 000 ft."
"At the edge of space"
"Felix Baumgartner's Record-Breaking Parachute Jump"
"Caught this on my Facebook feed.. seems legit."
"How GodZilla was made"
"Zombie body painted hottie"
"The Exact Same Thing!"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"Kurt Cobain and a Kitty."
"Glasswinged Butterfly"
"A closer look at the glass winged butterfly"
"Fabulous kitten [Fixed]"
"Umm... Sir.. well  your head.."
"Wiener dog."
"Penis Puppy [SFW]"
"North Korea launches rocket [FIXED]"
"First day of class and my professor gives out this assignment..Guess I'm gonna do fine this semester"
"I really hope that's a typo."
"Two of your favourite things!"
"This baby llama makes me want to die from cuteness."
"New baby llama."
"Why hello there"
"I just love this pic"
"Lake of Fire - Mount Nyiragongo  Congo"
"Mama said knock you out"
"Black Swan"
"May be a repost but  the it's the sweetest thing ever."
"Don't Flinch..."
"My reaction to half the things submitted to /r/funny"
"Taught my little sister how to photoshop. She said that this is she wants to do when she grows up....what?"
"Why...."
"My Dad and I in the pool."
"English smoke towers collapsing to classical music"
"Wtf Beast Boy?!"
"No horses  or something like that. Who the fuck carries dictionary in the woods anyways."
"r/WTF today..."
"If this isn't WTF worthy  I don't know what is."
"Have You Ever Been Experienced?"
"Everyone I know. . ."
"MFW I see more news feed of my friends getting engaged/married on Facebook..."
"THIS HAS GONE TOO FAR"
"Katy Perry in the rain"
"How I feel as a college student on Christmas break [FIXED]"
"alcohol is good"
"Enough motivation for me. Cheers!"
"Compliments to the chef."
"I've never been upset after looking at this comic"
"Much appreciated Liam"
"The river above the river: Magdeburg Water Bridge  Germany."
"The Obamas."
"Imma get that fish bubbles. Fishes love bubbles"
"Got bored and faceswapped my inlaws today..."
"Face swapped my inlaws  no differences to report."
"Ouch..."
"I hope im not the only person who loved this game"
"The American dream"
"Copy cat [gif]"
"The Four Horsemen of Bonanza"
"When I realize it's my cakeday and subsequently realize I've wasted a year on reddit."
"Found this on Facebook. SMH"
"Illusion"
"Hipster Pooch."
"Hipster puppy. Facebook came through on this one."
"A backflip? Yeah I can d... OH Shit!"
"I believe I can fl- OHNONONO! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"This my friends is a baby weasel."
"Bringing WTF back to its roots... Bath Salts Illustrated NSFW"
"Probably the most messed up gif I've ever seen [NSFW  possibly NSFL]"
"Wtf did I just watch? NSFW"
"Da fuq??"
"That's a rather unfortunate name for an Apple Store employee"
"Chicago illuminated at night"
"Chicago City Lights"
"One of the best professional video-bombs ever."
"When I try to join a conversation"
"When My Friend Is Talking To A Cute Girl"
"Anyone Else Watch The Last Supper Bowl? Come On Jesus!!!!"
"My favorite painting of Jesus."
"Exactly how I feel about work on Monday.."
"Admin finally allowed firefox to be installed in the labs  If my fellow geeks and I had rythm..."
"How I imagine r/trees tomorrow"
"When i get more than 10 upvotes"
"Omarion.. what are you doing?... Omarion.... STAPH!"
"Was going to face swap  but just couldn't decide..."
"Was going to FaceSwap  but couldn't decide..."
"The Dolomites in Italy [Fixed]"
"But it's from my mommy to me"
"I can show you world! Whoops. Sry."
"How to make a panda."
"I am moving from the East Coast to the West Coast next week and there's one thing I won't miss"
"Zero fucks were given."
"Scared Kitty"
"Mobile Hoarding (X-post from WTF)"
"Coffee Run w/ Obama and Friends"
"Sitting on the couch with my laptop.then this happened"
"Look at this photograph. Every time I do it makes me laugh."
"Things change. (Post from WTF)"
"Whatever. Moving On. (xpost /r/wtf)"
"Not a single fuck..."
"A baby's face being squeezed. Dammit  cutest gif ever."
"Guaranteed stress reliever"
"Driving with Apple Maps"
"Woah  Steam died for a bit there."
"I'll let it slide because he's young"
"Call a lawyer..."
"Psycho"
"Dirty Link..."
"They're just having a good time"
"The cruel aftermath of Halloween [FIXED]"
"For the love of god!"
"In depth TBS analysis..."
"For my cake day  here is my favorite gif. Sorry for the repost."
"Do not turn into a werewolf or you will go to hell"
"It's shit like this  Christians... - Imgur"
"When I come home from school"
"That second when you realize you forgot to take a morning dump  and you just arrived at work."
"Just to put things into perspective"
"I think youtube is trying to tell me something...."
"Kim Jong-un bieber"
"There's only one way to beat Islam..."
"So I googled &quot;The thing about bacon&quot;..."
"Cellphones: The Gateway to Hell; Microwave: The Key"
"So this is what happens if you put a mobile phone in a microwave?"
"Gotham needs you!"
"How I feel when entering my school's student union"
"Tony Stark's new battle suit  unexpected and compact."
"This has to be the most depressing thing I've ever read. Found on a rage thread on /b/"
"That is one expensive haircut"
"Funny how christians never speak of the inevitable aftermath of Noah's ark"
"cant believe i didn't see it before"
"Submerged plane in the Bahamas. Photo by Bjorn Moerman [990x742]"
"Yoink"
"Ill just take this..."
"Imagine a word..."
"Imagine a world... (xpost from r/funny)"
"MMMMM Cock! [NSFW]"
"How to survive the zombie apocalypse..."
"Meanwhile  in Australia.."
"You know how I do!"
"I have to have one."
"Wha.. this isn't a branch!"
"I hate when this happens while i'm eating"
"It seems there are a lot of cake days today on /r/gifs......."
"Living on an all guy floor and seeing a girl walk by."
"I see your teahupoo  and call with The Wedge."
"This popped up on my newsfeed on Facebook.. just.. I have no good title (NSFW)"
"This. This actually made me laugh...."
"Was scrolling down Facebook when... [First post to /r/WTF]"
"High five !"
".... In a nutshell."
"A cat's worst nightmare."
"Bee-bop-boo"
"Meth: Before and After"
"Every damn time in the political conference."
"My mental grocery list as soon as I walk into the store. Every. Time."
"Disgraceful graffiti found in wealthy area of London."
"Dat Ass"
"Hidden sea cave (x-post from /r/pics) [1024x692]"
"get me outta here!"
"I recently got a job at a retail store  this is how I felt accepting a credit card payment for the first time"
"Bill Nye has made 56 trips around the sun. Happy Birthday  Science Guy!"
"Who the hell is this kid?"
"Taken 3 Promo"
"Fuck."
"Happy Birthday Bitch!"
"Worst. Cakeday. Evar."
"Girl gets KO'd by birthday cake to the face"
"Bunny &amp; Bullsh*t"
"This made me chuckle"
"Was your childhood just ruined? or made that much more awesome?"
"How I watched porn as a young lad"
"Googled redditor...was not disappointed"
"Its dangerous to go alone  take this!"
"truth about religion"
"My crush said she needs help with her computer."
"Welcome to Mars  I'll be your guide."
"puppy see  puppy do"
"Happy Halloween"
"It's a boy! Maybe a girl?"
"How Halloween was born"
"Oh... So that's what it's used for."
"RBSP night launch"
"Suggestion for upgrading the Statue of Liberty"
"Painful fail"
"arrgblrgflerbgrrdrpleglrblfrg."
"How I feel as a parent when my 2 year old shits in her own toilet"
"My Next Project"
"Anyone see the issue here?"
"Just one cookie they said..."
"The Foot of an American"
"I how I feel looking at HD Mars pics"
"When a title doesn't match it's content"
"Dat Ass!"
"He just can't sleep without it"
"He just can't sleep without it (/xpost from pics)"
"Meanwhile  on facebook"
"OM NOM NOM [x-post /r/militaryporn]"
"Oh  Arthur"
"So that's what Arthur meant..."
"Pug with pug shoes"
"OHH G-G-G-GOD IT'S HAPP-PA-PA-PENING!"
"Spazzing the fuck out"
"Don't drink and use the force"
"What it's like coming back to Reddit from absolutely any amount of time away"
"Please tell me I am not the only one on Reddit that remember this guy. Happy Anniversary Nate."
"&quot;Bad Cell&quot; - James Jirat Patradoon"
"how i feel when hulu skips an ad"
"x-section of a dick  THE HARD WAY (NSFW)"
"It was only a matter of time"
"Fissured tongue"
"Stick your tongue out!"
"Every letter of the alphabet in one GIF"
"I'd type what's happening here  but one of my letters is broken."
"someone wasn't thinking"
"I still find this funny."
"Thug Luv"
"True Gangster Love"
"I finally paid off my Student Loans today!! Here's a pic of me celebrating"
"Weirest goal I have ever seen in my life"
"Just a simple little fox."
"Happy fox!"
"Reddit casting call."
"&quot;Abraham  please kill your son.&quot;"
"salad..."
"It's 2am and I just realized I have a chemistry test tomorrow"
"Mwhuhaha"
"cold blooded killer"
"Yet another Apple lawsuit in the works"
"RUN MARS!"
"Live a good life."
"Take a page from Aurelius and stop worrying about others' views on religion"
"Ambered in New York  Sandy a fringe event?"
"A quaint little pun"
"spot on"
"You have an urgent need to poo  time is running out  so you rush into the only vacant stall remaining and see this..."
"Teddy Roosevelt was such a man."
"The years before the Olympics"
"My mom sent me a picture of my brother's adorable kids. But this was all I could see..."
"Retoast"
"Can any photoshop wizards help? I would like the guy blowing bubbles (Me for those that are curious) turned black and white and put in place of the girl blowing planets. Would be much appreciated."
"Still better than Duck-face"
"Googled something reddit would give a fuck about  was not ready for this"
"Sometimes I feel this boss and I have no idea why"
"Yeah no big deal"
"Swag"
"hello there"
"You dont say?"
"You have to admit  for ink embedded in the skin  that's pretty cool"
"How I feel after switching to Timeline on facebook."
"went to /r/spacedicks for the first time tonight...."
"How I always feel after messaging my crush on facebook...."
"How i felt sleeping without a nightlight as a kid..."
"Arrest that pot smoker!"
"Bart on church (x-post from r/vertical)"
"Scumbag Level"
"My first attempt at a face swap."
"Chain Reaction (repost from r/funny)"
"Abundance of Corgis"
"Spooky Carnival"
"Heard a tapping at the window..."
"When you see it..."
"Screw that flight.."
"Truth about men."
"As a female redditor  this is my reaction to the Kate Upton posts"
"Me and my family after we watched Jeff Dunham for family movie night"
"Me During Mass at my very Catholic High School"
"What kind of goats?"
"Fuck yeah right in the fucking face HISSSSS."
"Every saturday morning as a kid...time well wasted"
"Tiny turtle is tiny."
"Squirt: champion of the noggin."
"I think it wants a hug"
"Good to see the Saints are still doing their job."
"Virus disables my computer. The same virus offers me a convenient anti-virus software to get rid of said virus. My response  in a nutshell:"
"How I felt after seeing the Meme Generator on Facebook."
"I hope he's left handed..."
"Hi there..."
"All finished. Go ahead and hit the switch!"
"All of reddit when a post initially breaks the 3000 barrier"
"Everytime a girl i'm hitting it off with  sees a better looking guy..."
"How I feel when I wake up in the morning and see my link karma has gone through the roof..."
"Just a baby pangolin"
"Good for you Tyrone  good for you."
"This owl looks familiar."
"Thanks reddit. I enjoyed the silly moose"
"This picture is literally the reason I don't block ads on Reddit."
"table cat."
"Guy whips out cock in feminist parade [FIXED] [X-post /r/SRSsucks]"
"This guy whipped out his dong at a feminist pride walk. [Fixed  crosspost from r/SRSsucks]"
"This guy whipped out his dong at a feminist pride walk. (SFW) [fixed]"
"States with the names of countries that have a comparable GDP"
"Got fired today"
"am i right? or am i right?"
"gaming at work"
"At work playing online when my boss walks by..."
"Hey  reddit. Do you remember that girl a month ago that made a hat of snoo? Turns out she's pretty good at making other stuff  too  upon request. Just got mine in the mail today and I couldn't be happier."
"Dog Poetry"
"Colour blind"
"This is what /r/WTF is all about..."
"Why you should spelcheck!"
"&quot;I haven't played Skyrim in a long time. I wonder what new stuff is in the workshop.&quot;"
"It doesn't matter how old you are  everyone will admit to this"
"A picture of a dying star captured by NASA."
"Mistakes into Miracles"
"Mistakes Into Miracles"
"Mistakes to Miracles  isn't that what 9/11 was all about?"
"Being on Reddit is a lot like this"
"I think I'll check Reddit  but only for a second..."
"How I feel down-voting a post at 0....."
"My interests include physics and long walks on the beach..."
"&quot;Daaaamn I can't believe I'm actually meeting Ron Paul!&quot;"
"&quot;Hello  Clarice.&quot;"
"Baby Sugar Gliders"
"Real subtle"
"Conan the Barbarian is losing his shit!"
"Asking a girl how she is after a break up"
"Every time I finish eating a meal at McDonald's"
"No I would not like to join..."
"Saw this for the first time today"
"Won't you be my neighbor?"
"a picture speaks a thousand words.."
"ERMAHGERD CLERERNERT!"
"He's a grumpy kitty  yes he is!"
"Why... you worm! YOU DARE TO MOCK ME?"
"Australian!"
"cutest ever  I want to play with one so bad!"
"Ban Guns!"
"Presents!!!"
"Did somebody say Christmas?"
"It had to be done"
"How I feel living in a new apartment with too little furniture"
"What IS this?"
"In need of more owlet."
"D'aww  who needs a tickle?!"
"pokemon sandwich"
"I will never make anything this cool"
"Moe did the shuffle before it was cool"
"Nickelodeon - Making us hate hipsters since 1991"
"And  this was the last time little Timmy was ever seen alive"
"They Die!"
"Baby Monkey + Bathtub"
"This would be my superpower: stop time and enjoy peace &amp; quiet."
"Poor Goat."
"Awww"
"I hope you don't get mauled by a bear"
"How I felt depositing my tax return on a Friday."
"Ronaldonna"
"We had a surprise test today!"
"Someone call the cops.. cause this baby is about to get plowed."
"You guys in a nutshell"
"Excuse me sir  did you see where my friends went?"
"Chest Hair Upvote"
"My prediction for /R/Gaming on May 16th [FIXED]"
"So that's how that happened..."
"TIL mama jokes are funnier in space"
"My friend left his iPhone unlocked  now he texts like my little sister..."
"How you know you're fucked."
"Some people are very dedicated to what content they post to Reddit......."
"Google  you continue to crack me up"
"My thoughts exactly."
"Thought I'd found my friend on Reddit...[FB]"
"I found these comments while searching for a review of the Samsung Note's ICS roll out. *NSFW Language*"
"Within mere minutes of its upload..."
"Go home dog you are drunk"
"redditor gang banger"
"Spiderman does what he wants!"
"I got a link to spaceclop..."
"Due to my impatience  I've listened to this guy's speech countless times."
"oh batman  its wonderful."
"Take our picture  Dog!"
"Dear Siri"
"The more upvotes you get  the harder you fall."
"I knew I should of got a smaller suitcase!!"
"My cat's reaction upon my return from Afghanistan."
"My cat is so boring in comparison..."
"Did not work"
"I'm not religious  but this photo from Sandy took my breath away."
"25-Meter Belly Flop"
"Best typo ever [FIXED]"
"got the blues"
"That about answers that question"
"Famous last words.."
"Clearly  the answer was &quot;yes&quot;"
"How to get stabbed"
"a little ironic i think (first post be gentle)"
"This happened in my home town and I'm not surprised at all."
"Horse Physics"
"Stick horse"
"Don't Mess with Trump"
"LETS DIE TOGETHER"
"Lets die together!"
"Every 60 Seconds"
"Hey here's another not funny fake Facebook post for you"
"Finally! a reason to watch the debate tonight"
"Am I the only one who will be playing this tonight?"
"2012 Presidential Debates Drinking Game"
"Presidential debate tonight! Don't let your buddies forget the rules!"
"Go home presidential debate... you're drunk."
"Nope nope nope"
"Must go..."
"I must go!"
"Probably fake. Still felt bad for laughing."
"When trying to impress that special someone"
"Easter Island just became 1 million percent more impressive."
"Full Easter Island statue"
"Tetris-chuting."
"Only in India"
"Piano for Rap"
"Gotta love college. Repost"
"Don't you just hate it when your head becomes a foot?"
"You Tried"
"Comet Between Fireworks and Lightning Credit &amp; Copyright: Antti Kemppainen"
"Fireworks &amp; Lightning"
"Juggling"
"Fapped out."
"Expecto Patronum"
"Albino Tiger eating under water"
"French Films are the best films [NSFW]"
"The best traffic sign in the United States."
"A bear with no fur. Be afraid."
"Some Serious Business Advice"
"Baby holster.. Why not?"
"Baby holster (x-post from r/funny)"
"Unfortunate lift fail. That's going to hurt for a few days."
"Trying to carry all of the groceries in one trip"
"Trying to carry all of the groceries in one trip [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"Been growing this little guy in my tub for a couple years."
"It's mordorlogic"
"Great TDKR painting on the street"
"Oh  the girlfriend of the man you're in love with had a major fight with him  walked out and left him feeling like crap?"
"He is still a boss."
"Normal vs. Blue-Ray"
"Blue-Ray"
"Blu Ray"
"Pony rides are for pussies..."
"When I followed a link to /r/spacedicks"
"Challenge accepted"
"Happy Halloween."
"Halloween spirit in the UK"
"Trippin' Balls"
"Trippin' balls"
"One of these sheets..."
"From this angle  Central Park is amazing."
"We've all been there."
"Well done Peter."
"FINISH HIM!"
"Come on  go faster!"
"Trying to make front page."
"Tomorrow  right after the blackout  this picture will be somewhere on the front page."
"Finally got the internet back up and running....."
"The Internet at my house is back after six days"
"Daily Show writers after Clint Eastwood's RNC appearance"
"In Honor of No Fap September..."
"To conclude this series  a final word from Brent.."
"Star Trek Proposal [FIXED] What everyone REALLY noticed..."
"My favorite Oktoberfest picture."
"This poor thing is infected by ticks."
"Life span of a tree."
"Kangaroo WIN"
"All Hail the Queen! [x-post from funny]"
"How I felt after clicking /r/spacedicks link"
"Satisfaction"
"Peek-a-boo! Uh  wait... WTF?!"
"Ash Ketchum"
"Not now sweetie  I'm on Reddit."
"How to keep an idiot busy"
"So accurate"
"Let me in!"
"I don't know why this is so funny"
"Why Majora is Nintendo's greatest villain"
"Every time I tell a joke"
"Whenever I want to talk to my friends who are already having a conversation"
"Do you even lift?"
"Yes  those silhouettes are people being crushed by the wreckage"
"Devoted for anti-cheating."
"Cat with her ducklings."
"This will be me at the end of this semester."
"Every Time I Attempt to Gain Karma"
"I could watch this for days."
"Anytime I try and post..."
"How my first cakeday panned out..."
"My people need..never mind"
"Pokemon Celebrities"
"Woah  never realized this"
"Not a teacher  but my vote for best name goes to this guy."
"I will always love you"
"Prepping my iPhone for Mass Effect 3"
"call me maybe"
"well  you're gonna have to do better."
"I think Siri has the right idea."
"Now  now  Siri."
"Friendzoned by inanimate objects"
"Who did?"
"Stay classy Siri"
"I don't know what I would do without you"
"Siri: my bitch."
"You had one job."
"One of my fourth graders showed me this"
"Hello."
"I am glad my dad never announced dinner like this"
"Dinner Time"
"Oh Children…."
"Excuse me while i go remove my eyes..."
"The way Father Callahan use to call us for dinner..."
"Seriously... Cannot be unseen (NSFW)"
"Oh children...."
"How I feel when I get all of my homework done before the weekend"
"I don't want to wake you though"
"Frankie Burn"
"It was the greatest day of his life....."
"Made a photoshop of a friend  his face was more fitting than the original."
"Thought this gif was cool  wanted to share it."
"My reaction on the first day of class after my Bio professor at my Bible Belt college says &quot;Evolution is a fact  jump off a bridge to test the 'theory' of gravity if you want&quot;"
"Me during the last few minutes of the last class of the day on Fridays"
"That post was so gay..."
"The worst one I've seen yet..."
"I'm tired of these tumblr douche-bags"
"sounds about right..."
"Fuck wheels."
"Roads? Where we're going  we don't need roads."
"Kitten vs. Pillow"
"Hi are you joking?"
"Cartwheel Level 9"
"Welcome"
"Meanwhile at the iPhone 5 launch....."
"When a hot girl says my name"
"How Bunnies Flirt"
"Smiling bunny"
"I DO deserve an orgy today!"
"you aren't even trying any more browser games"
"Obstacle Course [gif]"
"Obstacle Course"
"Me When My Computer Freezes..."
"(x-post /r/reactiongifs) Fuck this shit I'm out"
"NIce motivation"
"Best. Slide. Ever."
"The Insano Beach Park  Brazil."
"And thus began the greatest marriage ever."
"The Manliest Wedding Cake I've Ever Seen"
"Ye olde Simple Simon"
"You can't be Charlie Sheen!"
"I would say yes"
"Gangnam Style"
"Being drunk at a wedding."
"Sorry if re-post  but this always makes my day."
"For my cake day I give you one of the best GIFs I've layed eyes on. Thank you for the good times Reddit."
"It... It finally happened."
"Be careful in voting day"
"So I'm doing quite good on the Plague Inc. app.."
"So yeah I realized how immature I am today"
"Just sitting back  relaxing."
"When people walk in on me..."
"Giving myself the old rub and tug when I notice my dog watching me"
"By far one of the most stupid things I've seen."
"OH MY GOD!"
"Dolphin rape...a 2 way street. [NSFW]"
"cute..."
"I'll just leave this here"
"That's quite the moose you've got there"
"Cool animation!"
"I did not see that one coming"
"I Have Found Perfection"
"Rudolf the red nose reindeer"
"santa's FAVORITE reindeer."
"So inspirational."
"Any Argument on the Internet"
"First 10 minutes on 4chan..."
"Most arguments I get in to end like this..."
"Dark Zuckerberg"
"My reaction when I saw my brother on the front page of reddit"
"The definition of leaving too soon."
"Ireland."
"Brilliant."
"Sexy Redhead makes out with guy (SFW)"
"NAILED IT"
"Best dogpic on the internet"
"Possibly the greatest gif of all time (fixed)"
"Add sound to this please"
"Viva la..."
"Crystal blue cave [like a wave frozen in time]"
"My Body's Natural Position"
"First Day on the Internet Kid"
"This hurt to make..."
"How I view everyone who posts obvious TIL posts"
"How does this even happen?"
"Look who I ran into trick or treating as a zombie.."
"Puppy love!"
"Puppy love"
"When im having fun at someones house and a FUCKER shows up"
"Seeing somebody get banned"
"Defeating the Champion for the first time in any game."
"I could watch this for at least eight minutes."
"Weeeeeeeeeee"
"Just an elephant jumping on a trampoline."
"Your argument is irrelephant."
"Shark High Five"
"Complementing a girl"
"No hooking"
"Knowing is half the battle."
"What I want to say to the producers of Paranormal Activity"
"Hipster Ariel"
"Craco  Italy"
"How I feel when my wife asks if I want to have another baby..."
"When Creationists tell me the Bible and Science go hand and hand..."
"Did you know a space heater can make a human body melt?"
"Gets me every time."
"Remember nobody this November"
"Vote for nobody"
"Rat Race... You See It"
"Poor Rex.."
"How I feel being allergic to cats on Reddit."
"How I feel when I see a post about someone getting into the Diablo 3 beta."
"When i got my first mean comment on Reddit [FIXED]"
"kitty calenders are the best"
"how i felt when my brother tried to steal my fruity pebbles"
"Poor Pumbaa"
"I can has Poland?"
"Yes you may  Mein Purr-her"
"Zelda Booty"
"How I felt after my ochem exam  after I screwed up my entire exam."
"Ta dah"
"Forever alone outfit"
"Dance like no one is watching"
"Care to pilot this spaceship?"
"best video game I have ever played  hands down"
"She's a keeper"
"Where do they make you poop?"
"Disguised weapons wanted"
"At least it's not empty."
"Very funny reddit"
"I've Accepted This is Going to be the Only Trophy I'll Ever Get [Fixed]"
"why would you wanna get rid of these wrinkles?"
"It's the circle of liiii-OH SHIT!"
"How I feel when someone makes fun of my post that has over 1000 karma."
"HUE HUE HUE"
"Renekton's theme"
"Oh the inspiration"
"Never Forget"
"&quot;brd&quot; - via r/AnimalsWithoutNecks [NSFL?]"
"So I typed poopy party into Google image search..."
"Teatime for Ozzy and Slash"
"Scariest minute of my life as a child"
"When I googled brawny man..."
"The Fresh Prince of Rage Valley (by someone else - x-post from /r/gifsound)"
"Conventional Logic VS Religious Logic"
"Friday the 13th Cat"
"Bat Kitten"
"Terrifying Holloween Cat!"
"Some photos can tell you a lot about a man."
"Obama fist-bumping a janitor [x-post /r/pics]"
"This is why he has my vote"
"You've seen that GIF of the video team 'getting into it'  now  I raise you... this!"
"To all the haters."
"Introducing.. Incoherent Pickup Lines Patrick (Exact Line I Drunkenly Used Earlier)"
"rofl what a fail"
"That no letter O! That cookie."
"Mr Bean stars in the new Twilight"
"Seymour......"
"Happy Halloween Ladies"
"This just showed up on FB  I know reddit will like this costume."
"The fruit Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now"
"Please god  no!"
"OH DEAR GOD NO!!"
"Surprised I Havent Seen this Combo Yet"
"So that's why my deliveries are always late"
"gets me everytime"
"Delicious."
"Jesus was here"
"When people get mad at me after they ask for my help"
"I give it a 10"
"Kanye (x-post r/hhh)"
"Pure joy!"
"Googled &quot;Best picture ever.&quot; This was the first one"
"So you like tickling do you?"
"How's this for perfect?"
"Things you find on google"
"I thought This was Funny"
"Some days just start better than others."
"I'm diabetic and giggled a bit."
"100 percent"
"Proof Jesus is everywhere!"
"Jesus has come again"
"Caffeine Crystal"
"Suborbital rubber chicken"
"Spiderman  Spiderman  does whahfhgfnjlbvcbp"
"How I feel going to work in the morning"
"The Ultimate Halloween Costume"
"Hipster trapping season..."
"I've had this tab open for a few hours  trying to think of an appropriate title. I can't."
"I dont even..."
"any time I see her in the news I wish I was this guy"
"When someone tells me Lil Wayne is the most skilled rapper of all time"
"Wait  so then who's controlling the Hypno-Toad? And then it all made sense..."
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOCAT"
"Someone please tell me where this is from. (GIF)"
"Dentist"
"Whenever I have a choice."
"Well Hello  Sir!"
"this little man has learned something very early on in life..."
"GREAT NEWS!! Cannibalism  not so bad after all."
"Oh shit...."
"I'm so happy"
"So this is how a Slim Jim is made."
"Best. Dungeon map. Ever. (x-post from r/pics)"
"What the hell is this from!!!"
"My reaction when a link of mine is reposted by someone else and makes the front page."
"when the waitress hasn't been by to refill our drinks in a while"
"HOW FAT DO YOU NEED TO BE TO HAVE BACK TITS!!!"
"Better than a ticket I guess"
"Douchebag level: Max"
"Forever alone?"
"Super Saiyan Michael Phelps!"
"Michael Phelps after claiming the record for number of Olympic medals"
"That feeling when I surpass 1000 comment karma"
"First Arrested Development Reunion Photos!"
"Damn  I was looking forward to that"
"Badass Rap video."
"good job 'Merica"
"Would you live here?"
"Bears in wood you say? [xpost from /mildlyinteresting]"
"Badass graffiti."
"Time for work!"
"Fuck This I'm Outta Here"
"Fuck this...I'm outta here"
"Getting to a thread infected with arrow_to_the_knee"
"That moment when the professor says attendance is not mandatory."
"Pasta and rabbit pair well together"
"Send a smile."
"Does anyone have the video that this gif is from? (Youtube?)"
"Everytime I see a fight about to go down."
"WTF. No one informed me of this."
"It's coming for you"
"Self pic."
"Saw this in Advice Animals and thought you guys would think it was funny. (Original Poster = ozzymustaine)"
"Dear mother of god..."
"''Youtube does it again''"
"Reddit  I heard you like the Duck Face..."
"So I encountered this today."
"Crow big or crow home."
"Attempted Murder"
"Time for a cake day snack!"
"every time I browse /r/foodporn..."
"Last meal."
"I think there was something in that cookie"
"Made this to celebrate the whopping 4 upvotes I got in /r/gif"
"He mad son"
"Saw this on Facebook... That escalated quickly"
"How I feel trying to get karma anymore."
"Sometimes you just got to dance..."
"I Must DANCE!"
"The Tiniest Bundle of the Cutest Thing in the World"
"Final warning letter from Cash4Gold.com. &quot;Your fraudulent attempt to extort money from our seasoned geologists (who are experts in identifying precious metals) has forced us to take extreme action.&quot;"
"Baby Paulie..."
"USS Annapolis surfaces in the Arctic."
"A Submarine Frozen in The Arctic Barren"
"When you're friend's fat arm makes you look naked..."
"It's that awkward moment when your friend's fat arm makes you look naked in the office party photo."
"Math Tests..."
"Fucking Zubats...."
"I can feel the frustration just looking at this."
"BEHLUH"
"So true"
"this cracks me up everytime"
"when no one is looking.."
"Ok...."
"I can't believe I took the time to make this..."
":)"
"Just a happy cloud"
"Anytime I'm feeling down  I just Google pictures of..."
"No big deal..."
"Are you fucking kidding me"
"Just your average shmoe daddy superman"
"Beets by Dre."
"This can't be real..."
"Picture of a submarine battle"
"Dubstep cat"
"Poor kid."
"Bees Vs. Wasps"
"Fuck it."
"Do you feel lucky?"
"Bacon just got serious"
"Good comeback."
"IDK JEREMY"
"Thanks for the confidence boost  lionbro"
"Best gif ever!"
"r/gonewild in a nutshell"
"You are flawless!"
"Whenever I'm feeling down  this does the trick."
"You know you're unemployed when this is attractive"
"4000 Years of Medicine"
"Mitch Lucker  vocalist for Suicide Silence  passed away today after a motorcycle accident. He left behind a wife and daughter. Here's a picture of his daughter and him stretching before opening up the mosh pit. Rest in Paradise  Mitch."
"Oh CNN..."
"Very cute CNN..."
"When Reddit goes down..."
"Every time I go to a coffee shop [FIXED FIXED]"
"Rugrats"
"When I try to get off Reddit"
"Honey  can you scratch my asshole?"
"Diggin for gold"
"I thought the style was interesting. (set 1)"
"You'll never know"
"Workout"
"Just Al Pacino and Christopher Walken... Walking?"
"For the benefit of passengers using Apple iOS6"
"Oh  Brits and their iPhone humor"
"Now that the iPhone 5 has been released.."
"For the benefit of passengers using Apple iOS 6..."
"Rotary Supercollider"
"Where is the waiter going?"
"CTHULHU"
"“Don’t move  there’s a wasp on you!&quot;"
"Done This Way Too Many Times...."
"Happens every time I want to post something"
"Every time a post leads me to a Facebook screenshot"
"Every time I overlook small details for job interviews"
"Swag"
"this fucker haunted my childhood"
"The Politics of your Beer"
"Eruption Meets Lightning Storm"
"The first debate in a nutshell."
"My 8 year old cousin's answer to his math question.."
"How to cook Pizza Rolls like a Boss"
"Pre-photoshop"
"Pre-photoshop"
"Top this."
"Chimp holding a baby tiger"
"Breadcat."
"So I let my cat browse r/spacedicks"
"kitty  why you so silly?"
"Bread on head? Commence freak out."
"He just wanted to return your wallet"
"Masturbation (SFW)"
"reflection is everything."
"I did this by accident and thought it turned out pretty well"
"Paper advertisement: hair loss"
"Bet it tastes like sweet  salty victory."
"George R. R. Martin's approach to writing."
"For those of you who want it  the original iphone background!"
"Office of Selgas Cano in Madrid"
"I don't remember these.."
"My best friend during the lack-of-Halloween-party-invite era."
"Best app ever"
"Baby pictures are usually annoying."
"How I feel after breaking up with my longtime gf and having to return to the party scene to meet girls"
"Up and down"
"When i finally understand something in chemistry"
"Big Bird came out to vote today"
"Big Bird In Line To Vote"
"Suicide Girls"
"Some DAMN fine penmanship to the right."
"Soon"
"Cat Burglar Boss"
"When i go to put my food in the microwave and discover its for the oven"
"When an app wants me to write a review"
"Fashion week in New York City (x-post from r/pics)"
"when r/aww attacks"
"Thank for all the fish!!!!!"
"My favourite couple on TV"
"Free Mustache Rides"
"Roommate walks in while I'm looking at this picture and says this:"
"When I realized that I forgot my own cake day."
"Did you see that one coming...... NO! Ugggg Don't know if I should bathe now."
"Did you take my cracker?"
"sweet justice [xpost from r/funny]"
"Tasty!"
"The world is full of retards."
"Your marbles  give them to me."
"My first gaming completionist moment"
"Ad Placement Fail in the Union Tribune in San Diego (recommended I post this here from r/SanDiego)"
"Post-fap  I exit out of all windows  and see this. Can't help but feel disgusted with myself."
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"I thought this fit."
"wat"
"Every time I hear about Taken 2."
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"Hope it's not Devil's Food Cake."
"Scary duck face mannequin..."
"Whip it"
"As a male who just read the 50 Shades of Gray..."
"My plans for Cyber Monday."
"Front page"
"After not being able to max all the settings in Farcry 3"
"After playing 8 hours of Metro 2033."
"BILL Fucking Murray"
"Five dollar bill"
"Who fucking touched me?"
"I shall play you the song of my people."
"Gaben Has Begun Programming Half-Life 3 [PROOF]"
"Downy"
"This has never failed to make me smile after a bad day. Just a couple of happy Stegosaurus."
"This is truly one of the creepiest thing I've ever seen"
"A member of the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition plays the bagpipes for an indifferent penguin  1904."
"My favorite comic"
"When someone convinces you to drink tequila after a long night of beer."
"It's that time of year again..."
"I see a space girl holding a space cat (repost...probably)"
"How my military school is preparing for Sandy."
"DNC &amp; RNC in Star Wars terms"
"Apple has gone too far this time..."
"Me on Graduation Day."
"Well I like OAG  but this is creepy as hell"
"Never let Penderecki meet OAG"
"El Internet"
"A day in the life of Foam Man"
"Mind = Blown!!"
"Reconstruction"
"The hero Gotham deserves."
"I'M BATMAN"
"Woah..."
"Whenever I post orignal content"
"Oh Johnny !"
"Stop fucking lying iPhone"
"Great Gif I Stumbled Apon"
"Billy  come back here!"
"A very serious ongoing problem"
"This is a serious issue"
"This is a serious issue."
"Don't even act like you didn't lose your shit over these"
"Classic does it again."
"Hardcore."
"Rapper's Delight [x-post]"
"I'm sick  carry me!"
"Poor guy wouldn't let go."
"Wow... thanks Google."
"Fuck everyone?"
"Fuck everyone!"
"Little Bastard!"
"Fair warning for the second generation"
"How I feel when I get a box of assorted candies for Christmas"
"A true woman's man"
"Dancing Queen"
"Dreams and goals are distracting me!"
"This one caught me off guard a little"
"This guy.."
"As a guy with allergies..."
"My dog just died  But this picture just made life a bit better"
"you gave me the wrong number"
"Squirrel gets overly curious about a Halloween decoration (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Best part of going grocery shopping as a kid"
"What....the................Hell?"
"Every time..."
"What a Fucking Bitch"
"Golf ball after collision"
"From the Arkansas Tourism Board"
"I'm talking about 1GHz here."
"One plane  moments before it crashed into the towers on September 11  2001."
"How I want to address reddit sometime."
"NYC Subway Cutting Board Girl"
"Baby Cthulhu"
"Just A Simple Flow Chart"
"To help you decide what to drink for breakfast"
"To the South  for taking it all in stride!"
"Kung-fu: Officially ruined"
"TIL how sewing machines work"
"Sewing machine"
"These aren't my glasses"
"My biggest fear. NSFL"
"Hey Reddit  what do YOU call it?"
"File under &quot;motivation&quot;"
"Sesame Street"
"..and this came up on my newsfeed"
"Internet trolls at their finest -- $21474836447"
"Class distinctions."
"I ate my first normal oreo recently after strictly buying double stuffed for the past year."
"come at me bro"
"My face when my friend tells me someone else's secrets."
"Oh Spidey."
"How often do you suppose this guy gets pulled over?"
"It's only a gas tank.."
"If this doesn't brighten your day  I don't know what will."
"cat+overalls=funny"
"I didn't get *that* large a discount..."
"MMM... TACO."
"How to make butter 50% fat free."
"LOL SO GAYYYYYYYYYYY XD"
"Chocolate? Chocoshchsmmm"
"At first I thought it was horribly dirty..."
"scary and confusing feelings for a fictional crab"
"Fuck Wilcoxson's Ice Cream in WY."
"The guy I've been seeing just told me he was a Creationist"
"I can totally understand where she's coming from"
"belongs here"
"Shy hedgehog is adorable"
"Ouch  my childhood"
"After many years in the business you learn a few things."
"r/politics"
"Sugar Sugar"
"Stranger Danger"
"currently my desktop backround"
"What do you think they were looking for?"
"This was on the floor in my office's break room..."
"The Dark Knight Rises Ending- *SPOLIER ALERT*"
"Dark Knight Rises ending (spoiler)"
"Every time I see a celebrity that I like do an AMA and it has over 1000 comments within half an hour"
"Whenever a Lexus commercial comes on..."
"If Rick Santorum gets the nomination  want to move to Canada? (image from the front page)"
"YES!!!!"
"I'll have what they're having!"
"Dude  I'm so warm."
"Creepy cake day face swap"
"What I think when looking at r/gonewild"
"look ma! I'm being an idiot!"
"/sp/ goes to the movies."
"The goblin shark... simply no."
"&quot;Stale&quot;mate Atheists"
"You know those cousin's neighbour's boxers? Image of Christ."
"Instagram in the old days"
"Wow! Donald Trump and Bill O'Reilly doing &quot;The Wave&quot; at the Democratic Celebration Party!"
"how it feels to offer snacks to my super hungry friends"
"They call him Catbagman"
"Wish I could remember where I found this to give the original uploader credit"
"Cool hairstyle brah"
"Ice cave in the Mutnovsky Volcano  Russia"
"yo dawg"
"That's going to suck to get off."
"How I feel when I try to get upvotes in a popular subreddit."
"Best Motorman"
"Oh! Welcome! I'm Bear!"
"Oh Joker!"
"When I click Hyperlinks that go to YouTube."
"How I feel when one of my posts did really well and then my posts got progressively worse and worse."
"Black  yellow  brown  or..."
"Just a man in bathtub with his ducks!"
"Yet another example of horrible  horrible parenting by gays. (it's a sarcastic title  relax!)"
"Watermelon Lion"
"Watermelon turned into a tiger"
"Go big or go home."
"Go big or go home."
"Dora scares me.."
"Father-Son Love"
"brings new meaning to the painting"
"Surreal Beach"
"Truly amazing"
"What i'll be doing for the next week"
"Midterms are only a few weeks away.."
"Just because it was good once doesn't mean it can't be good again"
"People Who Hate Reposts also hate..."
"Meta"
"MFW My English teacher said the word &quot;Mechanical&quot; and I'm an engineering student."
"Priest Training"
"No one told Tim that this was a costume party"
"my heart's in over drive and you're behind the steering wheel"
"Faith in humanity restored.."
"Mitt Romney At Chipotle"
"Don't do it little rabbits"
"What kind of parade is this dad?"
"Baked potato?"
"Looking at my ticket as the Mega Millions numbers were being called..."
"When I saw it was my cake day and then realized it was Saturday"
"So i got this card for Christmas..."
"Merry Christmas!"
"I've had this picture saved for months  and I still don't get it."
"For a less traditional holiday greeting"
"Strong Logic"
"Where's The Reddit Alien?"
"Pawns can do that too!"
"But A King Does It The Best!"
"&quot;Thug&quot; Rats"
"Chris Tucker explains E3 2012"
"only try to realize the truth"
"This guy has a lot of bikes"
"image search for &quot;cough&quot; = invisible blowjobs everywhere"
"The whole family!"
"Hydroplane"
"Going into the bathroom at the dive bar around 3am"
"How to hail a Pedestrian"
"Sculpture &quot;Expansion&quot;  looks awesome."
"Popped up on my Facebook feed. I lol'd"
"Berry nice to meet you"
"Poor cows. Who would have thought one letter would make such a difference."
"Partyy"
"Well this is a side of Nazism I've never seen before..."
"this takes the title for most WTF picture of the day"
"Woman in Front of Swazi Flag Getting Milk Foot Bath"
"Is that...milk?"
"So thats why my milk was tasting weird."
"Looks like someone's a big fan"
"The Amount Of Girls Who Do This Is Too Damn High"
"Receiving Karma:"
"How to win every fight (X-post from r/lifeprotips)"
"Why can't I stop laughing at this?"
"hip abductor strengthening"
"Airsheep"
"West End London  1949  Piccadilly Circus looking up Shaftsbury Avenue"
"i know it's old but this is the hardest i ever laughed at a gif"
"Made this for a friend.."
"Figuring out that I've missed my cakeday"
"My black friday shopping experience"
"How I feel the day before finals"
"Realizing it's my cake day at 11pm."
"Delorean time machines are for predicting baseball champions"
"but awesome......"
"You Are being Monitored"
"Here we go Will!"
"getting karma"
"Do ya Thing"
"I am NOT a professional baker  I'm a marine biologist by trade... think my daughter will like her 6th birthday cake?"
"BEARD SLAP!"
"Nothing could ever be cuter than this"
"Ant for my next trick.."
"Determination"
"Someone said put the WTF back on /r/WTF?"
"Human  help me."
"spoiler alert!"
"dam roommates"
"Scientists can be dicks"
"Obama mask"
"You know  just a boat on the train tracks[X-Post /r/Sandy]"
"Go home boat  you are drunk"
"distracted"
"Stool sample"
"a tree made out of logs"
"So I'm in the elevator on the way to my next class...and this is all I can think about..."
"Heeeeeeyyy! Sexy lady!"
"I whip my hair!"
"The post about Norwegian gun control reminded me of this beauty."
"And here I thought it was a giant turtle navigating the slopes of Mount Olympus..."
"Slides would be everywhere.."
"Knew it"
"Some people don't get it"
"When my girlfriend begins drinking"
"How I Feel When A girl on gonewild asks If she should post more."
"What i look like when I'm at a gentlemen's club"
"Touching"
"That right there is my kind of cop."
"Aww  look at that cute little Halloween Ghost."
"Sometime it takes the youth."
"Patches suddenly realized that he had made a terrible mistake"
"So I heard you guys like gaming wallpapers"
"Me when my computer lags slightly"
"Anyone up for some grilled pork rect...Wait  what?"
"OMG I actually caught it!"
"Whenever somebody kindly holds the door for me"
"Swish!"
"cool costume"
"I choose you Meowth"
"Fancy (Raptor) Dress Party..."
"snaaaaaake"
"And you thought YOU hated scraping off your car in the winter"
"Yummy"
"I thought I knew where this gif was going... What?"
"oh hai"
"Stuck working very late and seeing coworkers post pictures of all the fun they're having."
"Are you going to eat that?"
"Nothing like a good old fashioned picnic"
"Do people honestly believe this blatant bull shit?"
"Fun for the whole Family!"
"NOPE!"
"This is why I hate lakes"
"The Most Astounding Fact"
"Hipster Alpaca"
"if a girl checks me out"
"Ummmm... BUSTED!"
"Well Fuck..."
"Take it as a compliment  bitch."
"Watching Hot Fuzz on my Cake Day"
"The Big Bang Theory"
"Nowhere in the Bible does it say Jesus was not a rapper"
"My reaction to the announcement of Star Wars Episode VII"
"I saw this image and misread it  so I shopped it so I felt less dumb."
"When I'm rolling around on my bed in $270 and my sister walks in"
"Juan Direction"
"And they say no one uses this useless feature..."
"Apparently  Hitler caused 9/11"
"Just imagine."
"Guys  I think he's on to something here..."
"I found this to be hilarious"
"Siberian bear hunting suit/early Hellraiser"
"Is this music bugging you?"
"Brass bugs."
"Probably one of my favorite gifs on the internet. Enjoy!"
"Rawr"
"Baby red panda prepares to FIGHT!"
"Red pandas"
"Red panda comin to get ya"
"This Humming Bird Will Serve Jail Time"
"At first I thought it was an antenna"
"This has to be... the best story about shitting i've ever read..."
"That's a fail right there."
"&quot;No  try it like this&quot;"
"Cute Webcam Girl Steals The Show"
"Whenever I see a 'hacked' Facebook status"
"Two trips is for pussies"
"Rush Hour in Mumbai"
"Nice make-shift spoiler bro  i bet your so &quot;aerodynamic.&quot;"
"Toon town"
"Saw this in class and couldn't stop audibly laughing [X-Post from r/pics]"
"Yes  the possibilities are endless! (my feeble attempt at a face swap)"
"Two scientists free panda cub to the natural environment in China"
"That awkward moment when you hear two people having very intense sex in the shower &quot;discretely&quot; and you hear a female voice scream &quot;Put it in the other hole!&quot;....College life...."
"Whenever I walk into a porta-potty (fixed)"
"SC2WCS: THE HYPE IN STOCKHOLM"
"SC2WCS: THE HYPE IN STOCKHOLM"
"The crowd for the StarCraft WCS European Finals in Stockholm at the Ericsson Globe"
"When I saw the photo of Higgsy smirking..."
"Hello..."
"My friends and I are all of different faith  however this picture inspires all of us equally."
"What do we want?"
"The Internet in a single picture. (NSFW)"
"Reddit described in a single picture [NSFW]"
"A no fap February challenger appears."
"This creeps me the hell out"
"Knock knock..."
"Unique! Probably a repost but whatever"
"Sometimes you just gotta say:"
"Like a boss. This picture comes from a Well of Death  commonly seen at fairs in India."
"Confidence."
"Haters gonna ..................................................................................hate (phew)"
"This made me giggle much longer than is socially acceptable"
"Judge Doom is back."
"Gettin' food like a boss.(X-post from r/gifs)"
"Alright  who turned on the lizard magnet?"
"When someone says &quot;free food&quot; on campus"
"And you said Polar Bears were cute...."
"I can never look at polar bears the same way. WTF."
"Just some Polar Bears doing what Polar Bears do."
"When I heard from my friend that my ex that cheated on me is miserable now."
"How I felt when I reached over 10 up votes on a single post  for the first time."
"Messerschmitt Bf. 109 wind tunnel testing 1940. [1600x 1209]"
"Lioness sneaking up on a giraffe"
"Gandalf [Repost]"
"I hope this trends..."
"What a childhood this must've been."
"I don't know how I would feel seeing this in the sky..."
"Swan dive"
"Never fear! Rollerdog is here!"
"oh my god i love leaves!!!!"
"Found this on my newsfeed this evening.."
"&quot;Wilsoooon! I'm sorryyyyy!&quot;"
"If Mass Effect had a flight simulator. Firth thing Reddit would do."
"Sweet dreams"
"Karma Overload."
"Louis Armstrong plays for his wife in front of the Sphinx by the pyramids in Giza  1961"
"So I was looking for new wallpapers for my phone..."
"Ooh baby baby..."
"Finger On your Aszzzzzzz"
"I knew it had to be done"
"Two types of people..."
"Mom burn."
"Wait!"
"When extreme isn’t extreme enough."
"Hey there  Delilah."
"Don't fuck with me  bro."
"Personally  I love them."
"A Good Point"
"A kick to the...."
"Prayer&lt;medicine"
"My Favorite Picture of Nicholas Cage"
"How I feel going to class in my pajamas"
"The best way to end an argument."
"When My Ex-Girlfriend Told Me She Was Pregnant [GIF]"
"The 90's were a simpler time"
"For you youngsters... No  this is not photoshopped"
"Atheism is truly wonderful!!!"
"&quot;Enough said.&quot; [pro-Obama politics]"
"So Romney swag is made in China and Obama swag is made in the USA??"
"Romney vs. Obama - Hats"
"James Holmes solves the mystery of life."
"Slap!"
"Parks &amp; Recreation anyone?"
"Nothing beats a blowjob"
"Hey Reddit  Skrillex got a new cat."
"Lincoln..."
"Super Breaking Bad 2 Turbo by Johnny Utah"
"NSFW Give a hug to your auntie"
"A clip from the upcoming Limbo DLC"
"I'd watch this in theaters"
"This got no love from r/awww."
"I AM REAL !11!1!!"
"HEY!!"
"Say hello to my little Friend"
"Nom nom nom nom!"
"Don't disappoint  Nintendo!"
"I'll go on ahead"
"The carpool will arrive in one hour"
"'Murica GIF Sound Mashups"
"My friend's attempt at vampire kitty"
"Redditor's Twilight dream"
"Even Black Magic isn't enough to escape the cops"
"In the 90s this was was called painful dial-up noise...(xpost from pics)"
"Oh you. Take one."
"Being drunk while on r/funny"
"To hell with the kids I want this for me."
"Oh nothing...just a cute atheist kitten laying down some logic like a boss."
"Nailed it."
"The toppings I like on my pizza.."
"Yo dawg  I heard you like pizza....."
"Low prices"
"I don't remember this part from TDKR"
"When Gotham is ashes  you have my permission to dance."
"guess what i got!"
"Nobody!"
"Mother Of God 0_o"
"A master of words."
"I question his question"
"Seems like the right time to bring this one back"
"Meet Mr. Whiskers  I stole him from a Palo Alto Mansion and he will now help me mix meth for the rest of his life"
"Wow  I didn't know it had been that long!"
"why can i hear this with the speakers off?"
"How I feel when I get only one upvote."
"When the dude at Chipotle gives me extra guacamole"
"How I feel when I upvote a post in the &quot;new&quot; section and the next day I see it on the front page."
"Mario World"
"Al bundy had some of the best one liners"
"Childhood ruined."
"Eyestache"
"I whole-heartedly agree"
"Connecting With Pokemon"
"This is what's wrong with children these days"
"First post EVAR!"
"The Kid likes faeries..."
"How i playing Street Fighter II"
"Missed the debates? Here's a summary in one GIF"
"Fashion"
"Lich King  Witch King..."
"&lt;fry&gt; You know  that dance wasn't as safe as they said it was."
"Zero fucks given."
"Thats one way of gaining male fans  Kim."
"This ALWAYS happens..."
"How I act when I meet a girl I like"
"YEAAAAH! &gt;:O"
"I'll never be as cool as this handsome son of a bitch."
"Look at the title"
"Seems legit..."
"The AB hancer - &quot;Get a 6 pack in seconds!&quot;"
"When only one other person up-votes your post on Reddit"
"Baby don't be like that!"
"maybe she has a thing or two to teach me..."
"Time to dust off the holiday decorations"
"Little something in the bathroom the other day."
"Saw this great Leeloo cosplay in my facebook feed"
"Wow"
"Long shirts are annoying"
"Pidgey fainted."
"Just some pigs!"
"This is not a..."
"O_o"
"Como te llamas?"
"In the wake of the Jimmy Saville peadophile scandal  I found a way to keep kids away from my door this halloween."
"Youtubers have way too much time on their hands lately.."
"Pedobear comments on YouTube..."
"The only gift I'd ever want."
"more WTF than i need right now..."
"How I imagine myself when i'm destroying the other team in BF3"
"Death by Pleasure"
"Anyone else remember this game?"
"How I feel posting a mildly offensive link to Reddit"
"Those frustrating times"
"Looks like someone's got a case of the Mondays"
"Every religious person..."
"Google chrome understands"
"saw this on Facebook. thought you guys might like"
"Many Lives"
"Lion King"
"The Most Gorgeous Book Ever Has No Words Or Pictures  Just Color"
"d'awww"
"One more 'MERICA"
"Damn straight!"
"It's a wrap"
"How I feel contributing to a new meme."
"Three wishes"
"Thanks Grandma!"
"This is my homepage at home and at work and always helps me get through bad days."
"My thoughts on missing my cake day yesterday."
"Video Games' Advantages"
"Attention all New Zealanders please stop sending pics of your girlfriend to me- sincerely Australia."
"So I googled &quot;dog whore&quot;..."
"So he ate the band..."
"Me  after a long week of nothing but tests"
"Ghandi dancing with some chick. (one of my favorite photos ever)"
"Just Gandhi doing the hokey pokey"
"...okay"
"Wait  really?"
"Jabba the Hutt cum face (SFW)"
"How I feel sometimes browsing r/new"
"ABS braking Explained."
"ABS braking explained."
"They feel my pain."
"The employee that arranged these must be a student."
"Wonder why knife crime is out of control in the UK? Check out our supermarkets ;-) (photo taken today in large supermarket)"
"WHY?!"
"He's the hero America deserves  but not the one it needs right now. We need Carl Sagan."
"The only sound that should go with this gif"
"Wolf Eating a Watermelon"
"'Merica"
"How I feel when I find out I share my cake day with Kirk Cameron..."
"Just when you thought the economy couldn't get worse..."
"This comic made it into my University's Newspaper somehow. The school was outraged  I thought it was funny..."
"Just washing my car..."
"The Protector"
"The Protector"
"Surfing the Rainbow"
"Grumpy Cat responds to his fame"
"Looking for ideas for a funny Halloween costume? Look no further."
"Inception Cat"
"I spy a CHEATER!"
"What Friday feels like."
"I'll just take this."
"God bless you dad"
"god bless you dad"
"Happy 5th anniversary to one of the best video games ever!"
"Enderman has dinner with Slenderman"
"Sleep positions may determine your personality? whaaa?"
"Trading places."
"War does not determine who is right... only who is left [1920 x 1088]"
"First girl to show at the Reddit Meetup."
"the original WTF."
"The new age of siphoning gas"
"When I try to make simple foods"
"Coincidence? I think not."
"My coworker got really offended by this"
"I got ya covered"
"Just chilling out."
"Bitches love a saxophone"
"Anyone else just have those days?"
"Reason I couldn't sleep last night"
"Downtime you say? Didn't notice....."
"Dat Ass."
"Jackie Kennedy escaping the limo after her husband got shot."
"not sure what to put here"
"Cry baby"
"How to tell if your son is gay"
"Yeah  the volcano eruption is a good test."
"Worst idea ever"
"outside?"
"How about six... or twenty then?"
"A Natural Lollercopter"
"How I felt when I made it to the front page"
"When you have a successful post but none of your friends are redditors"
"I have the best view at work."
"Awkward Family Game Night"
"Sometimes  your Uncle makes me come."
"Why is everyone upvoting posts about abpa and Dino's? I don't get them."
"I wish my face was like this so I could sleep with the covers over my eyes and still breathe"
"Godammit  not again."
"Oh shit... not again!"
"Dude's got some tig ol bitties"
"Anyone else remember this gem?"
"downtown atlantic (atlantis? harhar) city."
"Downtown Atlantic City"
"DJ Jesus died for all your spins"
"Baby Siberian Husky Sleeping"
"Puppy-Tired"
"How I feel as a forever alone  when someone mentions swag"
"Saved this little guy from a sex dungeon."
"Keyboard Cat V.2"
"Fuck tree"
"Cheeeese"
"The first and new Asian kid coming into an American highschool"
"Astronauts constructing Integrated Truss Structure over New Zealand"
"Read the last line..."
"This is not a painting but a photograph..."
"Seen this gif on r/gaming decided it needed this."
"Attitude alarm clock can't believe you're still not up yet. (x-post from /r/funny)"
"This is the most beautiful thing I've seen..."
"All of the disappointment.."
"[FB] Playing video games.. such a nerd XD"
"nerd"
"How to be a bitch"
"derp"
"The Beatles as skaters.."
"The pillow won"
"Needs a water softener."
"Little did he know..."
"Every damn time..."
"How I feel as a St. Louis Cardinals fan right now. (Sorry Atlanta)."
"Time for my close up!"
"Giving one last upvote before bed."
"So that's how you do it...."
"Poor fella's stressed out"
"OH I made a mistake just now..."
"NYPD is always wathching !"
"Down goes Frazier"
"Llama photobomb."
"soon.."
"Obama? Romney? I'm still voting Kony"
"Time for a slogan change"
"Nope"
"And then I was like..."
"Not Quite"
"The best gif sound"
"Wait a minute..."
"Hoo\~o_o\~oot"
"Let me introduce you to..."
"I was not disappointed"
"Looks like we know who the badass in our English class is..."
"Haha  This is why I love ambush marketing!"
"If it fits"
"this is how I feel when I get in an argument on the internet."
"Best punch ever"
"Move your Body"
"What are the chances? (x-post from /scoreball)"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"Sandy  I need water..."
"Sandy!"
"Sandy  I need water!"
"Star Wars condom"
"Deal with it."
"Surround yourself in what makes you happy."
"Will you marry me?"
"My precious"
"I like kicking kids"
"Happiness"
"I didn't realize home-births were considered a family bonding experience."
"In case you were wondering what the 4th dimension looks like.... This is a tesseract"
"Rotating Tesseract [gif]"
"Whenever I see a NSFW Tag [Fixed][Fixed]"
"Bringing the wrong Thai girl back home with you"
"My friend  who WAS a virgin  just got married. This is how I imagine her wedding night went:"
"Spoonful of cinnamon?"
"how does one milk?"
"With all this talk about Hurricane Sandy"
"Hurricane Sandy Comes out of Hibernation"
"Destination  Sun"
"good girl"
"SpongeJeff GoldSquarebloom"
"Quantum levitation"
"PIZZA?!"
"Red panda snow play"
"A Mountain that is...square-tangular with sloped sides and friggen waterfalls...and it's real."
"Welcome to Georgia"
"The birth of post-it cat"
"When work keeps me up late"
"Here's the number to congratulate me on my real life cake day (today). Let the downvotes begin!"
"When the rest of reddit stumbles into r/atheism"
"Passion of the crust"
"Haha oh so nice"
"My cleaning trolley."
"Think you could solve this?"
"As much as I hate to say it  pretty damn accurate 4chan..."
"4chan knows reddit all too well"
"Horse Power"
"Suddenly  horse."
"The end of the Packers - Seahawks game"
"Girls used to show cleavage to impress guys. What happened"
"Meanwhile...."
"Boys only"
"Things you can only do with boys"
"I'd leave too."
"I feel like this dog could solve world hunger and cure cancer just by looking at people."
"Homecoming Dress Shopping?"
"This is true for me"
"Every time I watch the Walking Dead"
"The fuck is this?"
"Multiple times during a KH playthrough..."
"BAHAHA"
"1812 bathtub"
"What photoshoppers can accomplish..."
"She has a good sense of humor."
"Leave It To 4Chan!"
"Toast + Cat = Antigravity"
"I searched &quot;churros&quot; in images"
"Will someone get the kid a churro???"
"New Funny President Picture"
"even more rare and majestic!"
"Half-albino peacock?"
"Half Albino"
"How I think Apple feels. [FIXED]"
"When a girl puts me in the friend-zone. (Repost from /gifs)"
"Returning to r/WTF after a day"
"first time I went on r/spacedicks"
"My reaction when a friend asked if I wanted to see the hulk hogan sex tape."
"My reaction when a friend asked if I wanted to see the hulk hogan sex tape (x-post from/r/funny)"
"I haven't laughed that hard in months"
"Imagine if.."
"Funny looking cat"
"Snogging on camera"
"Open up your favorite music (song  track  mp3  whatever you want to call it)  Click the Link  and Enjoy"
"Perfect"
"Twist and Shout!"
"this is what failure feels like when i post something i find worthy... but reddit doesn't approve"
"Cat's don't understand friction."
"I believe I can fly"
"sunglass inception"
"Whenever I play Left 4 Dead and there's only one guy left alive at the end of the finale..."
"Cute as tits: Baby Hedgehog"
"Girlfriend admitted that she masturbates about 2 times a week. She said she was embarrassed and that I probably don't masturbate that much. (SFW)"
"Firefox is having a problem with windows"
"Fantastic Mr. Fox"
"Best tasting glass EVER"
"A good way to deal with bad customer service."
"A real Penis Snake"
"My absolute favorite &quot;Fuck off Jesus&quot;"
"he's... evolving"
"I am going to post this... and see what happen"
"That's fine  I wasn't planning on sleeping tonight anyway."
"A dog's open mouth under water looks like an alien sharkbeast"
"I know this guy. He works at my kid’s daycare. Wait...."
"17/f/cali"
"Ah  the classic warm-water prank"
"Nope"
"Look what they just played on Fox"
"Do you remember  obi wan?"
"this made me lol"
"Pussy."
"&quot;Pussy: A Song Inspired by Lil Wayne&quot; - By Super Saiyan Jalen"
"this is why."
"Is this the best photo of Jeremy Clarkson?"
"89 years later still..."
"Awesome photo I got at the Zoo yesterday"
"Ladies and gentlemen  Ricky Gervais!"
"&quot;JayZ got it all wrong man... I got 99 problems and they all bitches.&quot;"
"How I feel eating with people much classier than myself."
"Grand Canyon during a lightning storm"
"lightning storm in the grand canyon"
"A 20 year old comic strip explains corporate America to us..."
"Looks like Calvin &amp; Hobbes need a bailout"
"Welcome to Tisdale!"
"When I try showing reddit to a friend"
"Everybody has to eat."
"How much love can these llamas get?"
"Must.. Get.. Peanut Butter!"
"When someone reposts from 9gag"
"Climbing down like a boss"
"She said yes."
"Jamie Hyneman after seeing his AMA do well."
"How I feel after Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman both responded to me in their AMAs"
"Jamie Hyneman Dancing"
"Koala Tickle"
"Louis CK on masturbation"
"The awkward((and real)ly hilarious) truth"
"22 ft - 2 500lb crocodile caught in Africa just off the Niger River."
"Never thought about butter this way."
"Seems legit..."
"How to handle road rage"
"Mother And Daughter"
"Just my favorite foods."
"you try so hard  but..."
"I've tried explaining this to my friends who don't have anxiety like I do."
"Pirate Bay 1 - RIAA 0"
"Overheating"
"One does not simply..."
"I Heard Scratching.... [Fixed]"
"Share the load"
"Taking photos at a rally today  Condoleezza Rice was giving me death stares the entire time..."
"Fuck this shit!"
"How I feel on Fridays [FIXED] (xpost)"
"I may be the only one who hasn't posted this today so here you go..."
"I see your Corgi-German Shepard Mix and raise you a Corgi-Husky."
"The McKayla Lisa"
"Future NY?"
"No matter the day  this usually can stand to give me a chuckle."
"A dish best served hot."
"A hungry protector"
"Every time I try fancy dance moves"
"Shit just got real."
"Totally ripped off"
"My sister died in a car accident..."
"Asked my friend for his new address and he sent me this gif in response. I think he might be high..."
"Captain Jean-Luc Picard"
"What kind of spaceship ride is this!?"
"Gangnam Style before it was cool"
"Halloween party is at 8. I'll never make it in time!"
"Shut it  bitch!"
"Everytime I am losing an argument"
"&quot;Some people just want to watch the world burn&quot;"
"If you believe the Noah's Ark story really happened  are you insane?"
"This will make it easier."
"Relationship Problem Solver"
"I could just eat him up!"
"Bruce Lee in all his glorious majesty. (It's hard to tell who it is until you realize what's happening.)"
"What used to be a coral reef during prehistoric times now stands above the ground and serves as a swimming hole for southern Texans"
"ITAP of a marble being held by my daughter in front of a map"
"A marble in front of a map"
"A marble in front of a map"
"But moommmm"
"Force Feeding"
"How Tallahassee from zombieland feels about hostess closing down"
"Do you know how they call them twinkies in mexico? they call them &quot;los submarinos&quot;"
"reply to a front page post a few days ago. looks like it didnt work out..."
"You remember the man who broke the barrier of &quot;friendzone&quot;? Well..."
"Official US Airforce Weather Balloon Identification Chart"
"Face I make when a girl likes something on my facebook..."
"This is an echidna. That is his penis."
"Cat Fight"
"Meowhammad Ali"
"Meowhammad Ali﻿"
"Meowhammad Ali﻿"
"I googled 'The most American picture ever' not disappointed at all."
"I Googled &quot;most American picture ever&quot; was not disappointed"
"James Spader."
"When I'm driving through snow  I like to picture myself doing this:"
"Mr. Bigglesworth has really seemed to let himself go. [NSFW]"
"Hide and Seek"
"My hat is two sharks. Your argument is invalid."
"Just imagine all the tickets he got"
"It's going to be a long month for this guy"
"Me so Holy."
"This (wallpaper?) is the first thing that has made me pause and say &quot;What?&quot; in a long time. [NSFW]"
"I don't even know where to start with this. [NSFW/NSFL]"
"Kittens! NSFW"
"Damn floors"
"The President of the U.S.A is not impressed..."
"Gold  pure gold."
"Unimpressed"
"Illegal Face swap"
"All I noticed from this picture is McKayla Maroney is left handed."
"Not bad  right?"
"Unimpressed Obama"
"Obama is not impressed"
"[fixed] My reaction upon finding that Ron Paul does not support the separation of church and state"
"Soon."
"A lady at my work chews her gum like this. Whoever keeps selling her gum  needs to stop."
"Reddit while having breakfast"
"Not a Ten Commandment"
"Proud dog after finding a lost 3 year old"
"Is there a new Powerpuff Girls movie coming out???"
"My Favorite Neal Armstrong Pic. The Face You Make Immediately After Becoming the First Human to Actually Walk on the Moon."
"The Daddy Issues Spin"
"Bath time!"
"Bath Time"
"Honey  I'm home"
"Whats the story of this funny picture?"
"I tried to cheer up Grumpy Cat. It didn't turn out too well."
"Thought it would be funny...turned out weird!"
"so this showed up in my news feed and gave me a giggle.."
"Good"
"Feeling like a G in the club with my friends"
"So I went to the bronx zoo *really* high about a year ago..."
"Galo Mascots"
"Nyan kitty!"
"Frank Sinatra's Burger Recipe"
"Their not mine but they looked so cute i had to post them."
"The world as seen from Norway"
"The world seen from Norway"
"How I feel when I wait too long to poop and I lose the urge."
"simon loves his new landrover"
"Beware"
"That statue is gifted"
"Runaway Lawnmower"
"Boy  that escalated quickly"
"Well.. That escalated quickly..."
"Confusion"
"He asked for it"
"Creepy Santa"
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the Olympics. FTFY"
"A baby elephant in a custom raincoat."
"Rock Pillows"
"Nope"
"You shall not pass"
"My reaction when I got on reddit and realized that I forgot to go to my area's meet up day"
"My first blow job. [SFW]"
"chee chee  the human suspects nothing"
"Killer straight air bro"
"Awesome crisis management"
"Beer Pong"
"J.G. Wentworth"
"Food for thought"
"The best Halo map."
"Little baby hamster"
"That turtle has a suitcase."
"Birthday addicted boy strikes again"
"Mind Blown..."
"The Bus Knight [repost #10]"
"The Bus Knight"
"The Bus Knight"
"The Bus Knight."
"Jesus's Special Ingredients [Xpost from r/ImGoingToHellForThis]"
"Enjoying the View"
"How I feel on payday."
"This is one if my favorite pics ever."
"Dog Thoughts"
"I will never be this cool  feels bad man."
"How not to advertise a dog for adoption"
"um.. i'm stuck"
"It's waterslide season  and there's something I always seem to forget. Every. Single. Year."
"I just wanted to recommend this game to ANYONE. IMO  the best I've played."
"Remember this game?"
"Pet rock."
"This made me laugh way too hard"
"OMG CONSPIRACY!!! LIEK ITZ A TOTES DIFFERENT DUDE!"
"Reddit  I have a love for inbred cats. What are some things you've been judged on based by title?"
"Cuban tree frog."
"No wonder why The Joker and Batman never got along..."
"Every time  omegle. Every time."
"The Joker finally wins."
"Batman isn't very good with jokes."
"I don't remember this episode of Ren &amp; Stimpy"
"Me whenever my wife asks me to help wash her in the shower."
"Artist Giuseppe Penone removes the growth rings on trees to reveal what they looked like in their youth."
"How to brush like a man"
"Never been with a one legged chick before"
"Glaucus Atlanticus  mother of all slugs."
"Can Someone Explain This?"
"Paint Me Like One of Your French Girls"
"Why him? WHY?"
"Zelda's in trouble! must hurry"
"Hyrule needed a hero..."
"Oh Eric"
"Wtf really. Parents these days are really gullible."
"Come closer bear..."
"sooo many puppies jumping rope"
"You'll never get a bunch of cats to do this."
"i don't think this plan was thought through well"
"Watering plants rage [xpost from /r/f7u12]"
"Penguin - fat  cute and real?"
"Please tell me this shit's 'shopped."
"Dirty words."
"This is the kind of saviour I can get behind"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE! This is how phobias are formed!"
"Fuck that"
"The Germans really did this stuff before SNL's &quot;Sprockets&quot; sketch"
"My new lockscreen"
"Peter grooving"
"Oh Robert"
"Every Time I Open Reddit"
"Spiders are underestimated! Here's a baby one:"
"Super cute baby spider"
"Ohm nom nhom nuem nom"
"Avenging from the bass section"
"The Cleveland Orchestra went all out with their costumes this year during the Halloween Spooktacular concert"
"The Cleveland Orchestra went all out for Halloween [x-post from r/classicalmusic]"
"Entry - Exit"
"An unlikely trio I saw at our local farmers market. So full of karma."
"Unlikely trio at the local farmers market."
"His face when he realizes it."
"Splash Mountain Monopoly Comedians Strike Back."
"LARPing"
"Just a few examples of family compositions..."
"Thor  dressed as himself. Behold...the hog of thunder"
"Ginger"
"Venn Diagram - Evolution"
"Venn Diagram"
"A Venn Diagram"
"The expression I get from my 12 year old brother after I told him a bunch of girls are coming over for a bridal &quot;shower&quot;"
"Found this on r/corgi. definately thought it belonged here."
"Imminent tornado: A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska [pic]"
"Imminent: A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska [1247x787]"
"My dad didn't bother reading the card before he bought it"
"Come Back here  Fingers! (X/post- gifs)"
"Can you tell me how to get  how to get to Thanksgiving?"
"My son decided to be a cigarette for Halloween  I decided to play along."
"Fleshlight Anyone?"
"This bread is fucking good! nsfw"
"The trees outside my house form almost a complete range of colour."
"Theodore Roosevelt  Americas greatest president."
"How to troll Christians"
"All. The. Time."
"Please  oh please let this be a real thing!"
"March 31st 2013 is Official &quot;Jesus Take The Wheel Day&quot;. Are you attending?"
"saw this on facebook let's make it happen"
"Overly Attach Girlfriend Level"
"Because tits trump any &quot;god&quot; any day"
"Lil' Beiber"
"C&amp;H doing its best AMA impression"
"A ghost AMA..."
"How the end of the weekend feels."
"Tuesday nights."
"Goat's hoof shoes with golden revolver heels"
"Wololo"
"What a cute little doggy!"
"Imagine laying on the beach and having one of these fuckers walk up to you. Nope."
"Stay with me  Brian!!!!!!"
"Damn  No fishing"
"I apologize in advance for breaking the internet..."
"Jesus breaks it down for the crew."
"Jesus Serves"
"i literally almost died of laughter"
"How I felt when I heard MTV cancelled the &quot;Jersey Shore&quot;"
"When one song transitions perfectly to another on my iPod"
"FRY MY CHICKEN"
"When I realized today was my cakeday"
"Creepr"
"I'm still scared of these nz monsters..."
"Somehow  I don't think he meant for this to happen..."
"Ninja Cat Attack"
"I upgraded my iPhone to IOS 6 for the turn-by-turn navigation..."
":P to"
"An average day in the life of business cat"
"I guess everyone has those days."
"Whenever I pull out gum/candy in class"
"Shadowy vista of the endeavour crater on mars  taken by NASA`s opportunity rover"
"Just another photo of a guy hugging a tiger."
"Being allergic to cats: how it feels to be around friendly kitties"
"Watching my parents use a computer"
"A wee bit angry"
"Brazzers: because insinuation makes anything dirty."
"I present you to Turtle Burgers (no turtles were harmed in the making of these burgers)"
"You'd Think Red Bull Could've At Least Hired a Proofreader"
"We knew we could cunt on you Felix!"
"Shits about to go down"
"Never Forget - 9/11"
"Math teacher fail."
"This is why America can't have nice things"
"Teacher Of The Year."
"4Chandelier"
"What men really think about"
"Stephen Hawking before ALS"
"My friend has the best awkward childhood photo ever."
"Instagram 101 (xpost via r/instagram)"
"shit..SHit...SHIT..."
"Go for the gold."
"Zing!"
"Waking up after a long night of hard drinking..."
"A NHL Coach Travels in Time to See One of His Old Games"
"Kitty-horn... Wtf"
"Cats love it!"
"Inflatable Unicorn Horn For Cats"
"meet my little bear cub...i mean puppy."
"meet my little bear cub...i mean puppy."
"Words of wisdom from my favorite childhood comic."
"You had one job[FIXED]"
"When there are too many r/aww posts on the front page [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Every time I post a picture of my pets to r/aww"
"How I feel downvoting in r/aww."
"Still a better love story than twilight..."
"r/spacedicks huh?"
"I decided to play Amnesia like it said to.."
"Left  Right and Center- let us all celebrate this glorious Independence Day together- and mark it with a salute to Raptor Reagan"
"Please tell me you read these epic novels as a kid"
"The best thing about growing up with scholastic book fairs"
"Sick days"
"Standing in the pool makes me look funny"
"Lies..."
"Canadian Graffiti [FIXED]"
"Every time I watch the Jersey Shore..."
"My sim is writing a children's book"
"I miss these...they always tasted better than the cartons"
"Going to miss this guy the most (last season of the Office)"
"Every man - everywhere."
"Are Mini-Monkeys Aww Worthy?"
"Everything wrong today."
"when i was younger  the hardest mother fucker out there was this boy"
"Guys is this self-explanatory?"
"Been having a crappy day  but then I realized that it's my cake day."
"He's seen some shit"
"Superbowl T-Shirts"
"I'm sure it was a good idea at the time...."
"Top 20 pirating countries with most popular artists. Dafuq Hungary?!"
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"Grumpy cat at the vet"
"Guy spikes own drink  has way with self.."
"Mac vs. PC"
"I always knew batman was a pedophile"
"Puppy walking on air"
"Too many Tiny Tim's  but this in the most fitting."
"It's my cake day  so I thought I'd share the cutest version of my username."
"A Baby Elephant and Many Ducks."
"No matter how stupid Reddit may seem  4Chan always ups the ante."
"With an eggbeater?!?! WTF!"
"Not your everyday street artist"
"Found this in my Facebook feed. Had to laugh."
"Kitty trains hard"
"Guys after Sex"
"Bears can type?"
"This could only happen to Zoidberg"
"Every time I post something on Reddit that I think will get me a lot of upvotes...."
"every &quot;good idea&quot; i though I had for a reddit post..."
"Redditor draws meme on pizza box and claims it was pizza guy  just to get a glimpse of the glory that is reddit karma"
"Gram-gram just asked me why I'm applying to so many schools in Colorado"
"Hey  how is your flight?"
"My favorite Cyanide and Happiness comic"
"I would definitely watch this"
"How I imagine reposters"
"Nice haircu....NOPE!!!"
"How do magnets work?"
"Whenever I stick my nose in somebody else's business."
"Why I hate my long commute during the hot summer months"
"first world problem....... o_O"
"What Black Magic Is This!?"
"Dan the Downer."
"All this talk about PETA makes me want to get one of these."
"Mom sent me this with a message saying &quot;It's just like you and I!&quot; ...FALSE MOM  I'd NEVER suggest Internet Explorer."
"I'll debut my art piece on Reddit. This was inspired by oldschool Danny Elfman &amp; Tim Burton movies. [process inside]"
"Nectar of the gods!"
"Every time I watch Jeopardy with my parents..."
"You can never tell her."
"Oh  hello!"
"Do the Twist"
"I know people here like watermelon carvings."
"Do these make me look fat?"
"So freakin' Adorable"
"Lost in the embrace of Gabe's sweet bosom."
"Squidward is blue (da ba dee)"
"How to play Jenga"
"Ouch"
"round and round"
"Cute puppy  but what up with this dude? Disgusting."
"Because I know Atheists love Jesus jokes!"
"Beer With Jesus"
"When You See It"
"Ebay Auctions; they're more serious than you would think"
"Woah Nigga!"
"What am I looking at?"
"This is really tripping me out [gif]"
"discovering that Nickleback is my brother's favorite band"
"Me whenever i see someone post about failing classes because of Reddit"
"aphex triplet"
"I came prepared last night"
"Who's the man?"
"Derp &amp; Son Landscaping  Inc"
"How I feel whenever my crush likes something I do. Even the simple things"
"An early Halloween present for reddit!"
"Preview of the upcoming Oz film."
"Living with depression"
"With all this talk about Felix Baumgartner and the redbull stratos. How come we're not doing this."
"When ever I fap with my left hand."
"I have absolutely no idea what's going on here"
"Real talk"
"Catpetition"
"Oh  you know  just an awesome cat."
"Hipster kitty?"
"Why hello there"
"An honest boss. [fb]"
"Walked in on my mom placing money under my little sisters pillow in return for a tooth"
"How could you??"
"Pray for Them"
"I wtf'd"
"Facebook you VS. Real you"
"What's it called again  well they'll know what I mean..."
"My best guess on shop class test"
"The hand of a zebra"
"And just like that  Fox News wiped Arkansas off the map"
"Bing Maps  to the rescue!"
"Woody Allen"
"Underwater Tiger thinks your argument is invalid"
"I thought this fit well"
"And that's terrible..."
"Octopus Land  Underwater city"
"There's so much going on in this picture..."
"unicorns are NOT gay!"
"This is my friends Facebook profile picture...."
"My friend told me to  I'm sorry."
"Unicorn Man"
"The thug life chose me.."
"This makes absolutely no sense  but this is how I pooped after starting my custom tv project."
"I got the diarrhea  and have been pissing out of my ass for the past two hours... THIS is how I poop."
"How I felt when I discovered this subreddit"
"The greatest joy in life."
"This is how I poop when I try to think of a good poop mashup that people will enjoy..."
"In an Airplane Bathroom During Turbulence"
"Turns out Dyson makes Gravity Hammers"
"Troy and Abed!"
"Ninja Bear knows his shit"
"haha  awww."
"After watching the Olympics for a few days on the American Networks (Fixed)"
"If you die in canada  you die in real life!"
"You Are Never Alone"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Log onto FB and what do I find? Nicholas Cage the Elephant! Hope this isn't a repost"
"Found this on Facebook - Nicolas Cage the Elephant (x-post from r/funny)"
"(Nicholas) Cage The Elephant"
"Exodus  episode IV"
"Oops..."
"After seeing an earlier post about &quot;Slender&quot;  I decided to check it out. This was me after about 15 seconds."
"GIF Sound Mashups - Dog/ Cake Staredown"
"Oh god  those lives  their blood..."
"That pug had it coming."
"Pug life"
"Who was this kid?"
"When I try to make food at 2AM (x-post fom r/gif)"
"Maybe I'm missing something  but Steam  having a last modified date *and* time would have helped me here."
"A bouncing jello cube"
"I don't care  this still gives me a laugh"
"As a construction worker who works in the hetat  what I am dreaming of 90% of the time at work."
"Ermegersh peezer Hert"
"How we all reacted when we could NOT login to Reddit"
"Sitting in engineering lecture when someone stops the class to ask what absolute value was"
"That's what happens when you dance provocatively in front of your dog"
"Unicorn pregnancies"
"Googled hardcore cereal eating this is what i got"
"Ivysaur digivolve to... Venusaur!!!"
"Ivysaur digivolve to... Venusaur!!! [x-post from r/pokemon]"
"[This was deleted from /r/politics] Did this piece in response to Mitt Romney's Bird Big quote"
"You had one job Phil."
"Google's self esteem"
"And my BOW!"
"Dinner's on me!!"
"Im just going to leave this here"
"Its all I can hear now!!"
"Best Use of Mac Genie Effect. EVER."
"My girlfriend just sent me this..."
"It's Goat  see!"
"My Reaction upon reading the Necrophiliac AMA"
"ordered something at a restaurant called &quot;camel balls&quot; out of curiosity"
"My reaction when I learned that there was an r/sexwithdogs."
"How I feel when I come across a bad comment."
"Everyone was so excited for the new IPhone!"
"[10] Bear"
"Bad Taxidermy Thread"
"We're gonna need a lot of booze!"
"Get ready for tonight!"
"This photoshop business is starting to become uncanny..."
"Laughter  laughter  I get it huge mouth  WHAT......"
"Searching Google for a &quot;lol&quot; .gif  one of my top results will haunt my dreams."
"Real men don't use doors."
"I'm gonna be so high tonight"
"Japan's latest invention [FIXED]"
"Don't. Stop. Japan!"
"Australia isn't very good at Father's Day."
"Happy Fathers Day!"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day"
"How I feel at work when I see a flagged link."
"When the conversation turns to politics"
"When my girlfriend asks me to listen to her problems"
"What I do when my girlfriend asks me an accusatory question she knows the answer to."
"When a post of mine gets several negative responses"
"Saw a video of myself doing karaoke last night"
"When browsing /r/wtf"
"He got swag"
"How I feel when a girl compliments me on what I'm wearing."
"Waking up after my beauty sleep  ready to take on the world."
"FABULOUS"
"My reaction when I get 20 upvotes."
"Every time I go to the gym..."
"No pain  no gain"
"The worst place in the world."
"This is how I see every [Fixed] post. [Fixed]"
"Oh god..."
"Not Skyrim  it's Iceland. (crosspost from /r/spaceporn)"
"Yoda + Ewok = ?"
"Say it to my face (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Timing"
"Nothing is impossible"
"Bipedalism"
"The story of Fort Friendship - Summer Camp Day 7"
"I'm not a big fan of those &quot;Blew my mind&quot; posts  but this truly did..."
"Me while watching: &quot;Yeah...okay  sure....so?......fine......not surprised.....what I thought....impressive  but yeah.....so it's big?.....yep........damn............shit..............seriously?....................fuck...................fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck&quot;"
"Makes me laugh every time"
"The Drunkard's Progress"
"Adam Savage On the Universe"
"Staredown"
"Telegrapher Cat"
"Found this in /r/gaming. I hope such a great feel."
"every fucking morning"
"and above all..."
"I don't think many Christians seem to remember the first four."
"Searching for an animated unicorn gif when all of a sudden.."
"Power went out  fount this in the power lines 20 min later... Its still just chilling up there.. Thanks Sandy."
"DAMN IT  SANDY!"
"Meanwhile in New York State.."
"Long Island NY"
"Go home trampoline. You're drunk."
"Chick magnet"
"Just a chick playing with her pussy"
"Our new babysitter is kind of a bitch... [Fixed]"
"Pixelated Mario in 3D"
"Hitler looking at the Gustav Rail Gun (1942)"
"How I feel when a shart turns out to be a fart."
"Didn't know you could use math to dance..."
"Becca what are you doing?"
"Just looking into his eyes makes me feel uneasy"
"I know where my next paycheck is going..."
"This is great!"
"How i feel browsing Reddit lately"
"I heard about Imgur roulette and tried it  this is what i got the first 4 times."
"Can I get a blowjob?"
"Oh! You a fancy Portal? Huh?"
"easily a much better love story then twilight"
"When someone on Reddit agrees with me"
"Dumbleroar"
"Mmmmmmmmmm"
"Marriage is only between a man and a woman? Really?"
"My friend and I when we hear someone likes 9gag!"
"Yes  you can haz."
"Finally  someone gave that goddamn cat a cheeseburger."
"this is  and forever will be  my favorite cat picture"
"Can u find cat in picture!?"
"i saw this  and i think you should too"
"I didn't know this about you Barbie..."
"You had ONE job!"
"A baby fox and a fawn"
"mustache shaped chest hair"
"Oh thumbdrive  you so silly"
"Ow!"
"What is happening to the world?"
"EATING GODDAMN CRACKERS?!!?!?"
"Best reaction to a zombie ever."
"Nope  go home"
"Squidward's playboy lifestyle behind the scenes exposed NSFW"
"My favorite face swap"
"Who remembers this guy?"
"Poor Lance Armstrong..."
"I actually hope this is a repost so I don't have to give Facebook credit."
"I'm drinking MD 20/20. Here's how I feel."
"Getting real tired of it  D.W."
"Svartifoss  Iceland"
"bad day?"
"I'll just leave this in here...."
"A Picture of a Potato."
"HULK HAND!"
"I'll take that to go"
"The new creeper smile."
"Look at this crazy motherfucker"
"Emma Watson"
"Dog and a baby"
"Tiny Pandas!"
"It's black and white and cute all over."
"You can't grow a tree!"
"Growing a tree. harder than you may think"
"And you thought you didn't like the nut shot"
"What the fuck man?"
"Dreams..."
"It's a sad  sad day for sports..."
"Shocking Lance Armstrong report"
"how domestic of him..."
"Dog on the London Tube  damn seats are too small"
"What could be in here?"
"How I feel talking to girls"
"Socially awkward Brick Tamland"
"Do you keep one in your home?"
"For the lab lovers out there"
"Meth Lab."
"The final frontier...."
"Valentine's Day  the 4chan way."
"I see your TMNT level and raise you Super Meat Boy  &quot;The Kid&quot;"
"Dear makers of Super Meat Boy; What the fuck."
"Trolled Muhammad South Park Style"
"spot the game"
"Love this pic. Can you find all the references?"
"Met this guy in San Francisco"
"Give Me Cash"
"when the wife asks me to shave the beard I've been meticulously cultivating for a month"
"&quot;If you want to teach Creationism next to Modern Science you'll have to teach Astrology next to Astronomy&quot;."
"My bathroom is set up so that when I poop  I am staring at myself in the mirror"
"Yeah  that's why I don't have a girlfriend"
"Come at me bro."
"My strawberry milkshake brings all the boys to the yard"
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Booze - Daniel Radcliffe joins the after party of the All Ireland Minor GAA Champions"
"Dublin minor (U-18) football team wins All-Ireland  go out celebrating  meet Daniel Radcliffe and bring him back to the after party at one of their apartments. More pics in the comments."
"So Daniel Radcliffe visits Ireland  what does he do? go drinking with the All-Ireland minor champions of course at a house party. More pictures in the comments."
"When I complain there's nothing to eat and mom tells me to eat an apple"
"A tiger made out of zip ties. Wow"
"Just gonna leave this here."
"Can't breathe!"
"No  actually."
"Better Historically Hardcore... Teddy FTW"
"Sad Leonardo DiCaprio didn't get an award"
"I'm glad WTF is getting back to its roots because I have no other reason to have this picture saved"
"It just gets funnier the longer you watch"
"8D"
"Why couldn't I have been more like this guy when I was in high school?"
"He certainly gets points for enthusiasm..."
"Cocaine's a hell of a drug"
"I assume this is how a lot of us feel about Reddit"
"This is my kegstand shirt"
"Scumbag Cat"
"That'll do it."
"Excited Lama"
"After the last episode of LOST aired."
"When a server walks by with food that looks tastier than mine"
"Bill's wifi?"
"I think I'm lost"
"PARTY CAT!"
"Smashing !!!"
"Smashing!"
"How I feel about Ecuador right now"
"Fuck shark repellent (warning: This picture has gratuitous amounts of awesome)"
"Last name walking."
"I love going to therapy"
"Playing with yourself..."
"Release my genitals  human"
"Listening to Muse: 2nd Law (2012) remembering how awesome Origin of Symmetry (2001) is."
"Where'd it go?—Oh...."
"Just deciding to stand up for those few atheists that I know  also to yet again attempt to make some sense to believers."
"It's like rows of crayons."
"Googled Slip n Slide and this came up."
"PewPew says my pistols"
"In my life so far in school  this is the only main thing where I want to rip someones head off"
"In my life so far in school  this is the most minor thing that makes me want to rip someones head off"
"Am I the only one who thinks this upon seeing a check with a DSLR?"
"Yep."
"Beyonce"
"fuck flowers."
"Oh hello there."
"Found this gem on FB today."
"A Pokemon Realization"
"Puprito"
"The difference that color makes."
"The Fountain of Doubt"
"Perspective"
"Best friends."
"When I notice a link I just clicked has a NSFL tag"
"When I run into the hardwood kitchen and forget to take my socks off"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"Sea gulls don't play by the rules."
"So that's how they work."
"I had a feeling that was how it worked"
"Deadpool and Boba Fett taking it to the next level!"
"A New Twist on an Old Classic"
"Throw some water on this for big lulz."
"it's been 4 years  this is where my reddit journey began (repost from my past) 4th B-day today"
"Finding out the Feds shut Megaupload down"
"Ice-t and Ice-cube"
"FUCK YOUUU"
"Horton feels a feel"
"An easy explanation"
"It's a bird  it's a plane  it's..."
"When a friend who doesn't use Reddit shows me a picture that I'd already seen on here."
"How I feel whenever someone links this picture."
"My friend recently became a redditor. This is how I feel during class when he tries to show me pictures."
"A man and his plant"
"These two"
"NOW you die"
"MAKE IT HAPPEN! [X-Post from r/Halo]"
"Cinco De Child Predator"
"I want you inside me"
"This drawing always makes me smile."
"This is chalk  magnified [pic]"
"How it felt when I found out today is my cake day"
"Just Gollum"
"Had to be done."
"LOLz!!!"
"Can't stop laughing at this. Am I a bad person?"
"&quot;You develop an instant global consciousness&quot;."
"So I typed &quot;So I typed into Google&quot; into Google"
"Spongebob Got Swag"
"Drunk Kitty"
"Baby seal catching some rays"
"Baby seals look cute in any position"
"Bad Luck Brian in the Shower"
"Bad Luck Brian trying to be more spontaneous"
"After I put my glasses on in the morning."
"When I first got my glasses."
"My ex just changed her relationship status to in relationship"
"Every time I check to see if my post has received any upvotes"
"when i lose and argument on the internet."
"Mitt Romney on major networks calling it for Obama."
"As a fairly unattractive female  when my male friends start talking about hot chicks they know/want to bang"
"Original Plankster"
"Is that what I think it is?"
"Not even once"
"Pug Factory"
"Since there didn't seem to be an r/blasphemy . . ."
"As if Jonathan Vilma didn't have enough problems with suing the NFL  now he gets this bombshell dropped on him"
"We all did some pretty shady things for these..."
"I think I know how most redditors would choose..."
"Must be true then"
"I am the only one who spent hours trying to find one of these for sale?"
"Maybe Once..."
"Bake A Cake"
"Abe gives a 4 out of 10."
"As an Arizonan who never has to worry about Daylight Savings Time"
"How I'll feel as a freshman staying on campus for a long weekend"
"I'm a.."
"How I feel about &quot;As an American&quot; and &quot;As an Englishmen&quot; posts [FIXED]"
"When people announce they're gay on Reddit"
"Infinite Mirror"
"Optimus prime vs Jesus christ"
"My mother who raised me as a Jehovah's witness sent this to me today after I recently came out to her as an atheist. I think she finally came around."
"Religion is like a penis..."
"Religion is like a penis"
"&quot;Where's Daddy?&quot;"
"Christianity"
"DisAstros strike again"
"Just Saw This: &quot;Giggity&quot;"
"Looks familiar.."
"Smile"
"Shredding a tidal wave of whiskey"
"I am the 1%"
"I told you this would be a bad idea."
"Finally found some facebook gold. [fixed]"
"I found a pencil in my ramen"
"Oh youtubers."
"hey jude"
"Flow chart for my favourite song by the Beatles"
"Down for the count"
"Girls playing Skyrim naked [nsfw]"
"Fos ro damn! NSFW"
"Why there is no T-Rex Marines"
"What the FUCK is this?!"
"this will surely scare the shit out of some unsuspecting roommates..."
"Can NOT wait to try this."
"Would love to see the outcome of this"
"Foul Bachelor Vision"
"I do not make a mature groomsman."
"Macbook a la Ghana style."
"Carol Never Wore Her Safety Goggles"
"You kids have to realize that all jobs are awful... and there's nothing you can do about that."
"Flip"
"Worst anti-drug ad ever"
"This is the only pic that can make me smile no matter what. Saved from Myspace over 5 years ago  and the only thing I remember about the guy is that his name is Sal. Thank you  Sal."
"Keeping It Gangsta"
"By far my favorite pirate kitty out there. MEEOOARGHH!"
"When shouting &quot;Fuck tha po-lice!&quot; just won't do."
"Camel Spider"
"It's time to stop now"
"That's not where fireworks go."
"Sherbert is my favorite ice cream.."
"ohh bert you..."
"I've started translating my Norwegian comic strips. I'll get you more if you want."
"He was a mischievous rhino."
"Most disturbing comic I've ever seen."
"And zero fucks were given that day..."
"Just one more wheelchair costume"
"Gets me every time!"
"Microsoft. Word."
"Misrosoft word g- edition"
"My favorite band broke up but Nickelback keeps making albums..."
"Fuck the Lakers!"
"Today is my cake day  this is how I think people feel about me wanting karma"
"At least he's honest."
"Saw this on Facebook - FUCK COPS!"
"5 second rule"
"I have puppies instead of childern..."
"Music: Then and Now"
"The eyes..."
"Cock vs. Pussy(SFW)"
"Googled &quot;something reddit would like.&quot; This is not what I expected."
"Camouflaged Kitty"
"How I feel upvoting something on r/WTF"
"The Shawshank Omelet"
"Oh god! What have I created???"
"The difference a little blurring can make."
"Reminded me of foxnews for some reason."
"Shhhh..."
"The Biebs just has no sense of humor."
"And we always get the blame !"
"FOR SCIENCE!!!"
"Redditors all over tomorrow"
"Whenever I get a good one."
"Walking on water"
"Ant about to do his Jesus thing"
"Saw this on Facebook"
"When my ex told me he wanted to get back together..."
"Best For Red Tea."
"CHArk"
"#1 Mexican Restaurant...authentic?"
"Venom"
"Just a nibble!"
"I found out it was my cake day..."
"Bacon Face"
"When someone asks for upvotes"
"The difference between iPhone 4S and iPhone 5"
"at least some good comes from the iPhone 5"
"Oh how I laughed"
"You know that American politics have gotten out of hand when this motherfucker wades into the fray."
"I agree."
"This Is The Right One Right? (X-post from r/ExpectationVsReality)"
"Richard III"
"Step on it!"
"The definition of badass."
"excuse me?"
"AWWWWW YEEAAAHHH!"
"Words can't describe"
"Mime Revenge"
"How the..."
"Could you imagine falling into this?"
"Nope...nope...nope!"
"NOPE. Not in a million years."
"NOPE. Never in a million years."
"Welcome to the English language"
"Internet Addiction"
"Lack of internet...FTW"
"Sex change operation"
"What's a vowel?"
"Deflated"
"smushed pug face"
"Does aww still have a soft spot for pugs? Especially sleepy ones with their tongues out?"
"R-Money -- Binder$ Fulla Women"
"Welcome to the 21st century."
"This came up on my Facebook feed today *facepalm*"
"I remember my first time too."
"The Internet has ruined me"
"So does her 17 year old sister"
"'Murca"
"When you see it..."
"Poor fellow parked under streetlight during fishfly (mayfly) season."
"Printers..."
"Good guys..."
"Eddie"
"So you are driving home when suddenly... BAM!"
"Something wicked this way comes"
"The Streets Run Brown with Poo!"
"Woman gets covered in Pooh while the Police and a dog are watching."
"Oh god  No"
"Voldemort + Britney Spears = Amazing .gifs"
"Ron Swanson. You still got it."
"The adorable Least Weasel in its all-white winter coat"
"Wtf happened here?"
"Oh  indeed."
"How I feel blatantly karmawhoring on my cakeday"
"My sympathy for Hurricane Sandy having grown up in FL.."
"The Grass Is Always Greener On The Other Side"
"Grass is always Greener"
"Guy falls asleep on plane and is last to get off  makes up cooler story to score some sky high karma"
"This is Nicki Minaj. Wat."
"Just paving this driveway...nothing to see here"
"How it feels to chew 5 Gum"
"What day is it today?!"
"Tortoise &amp; Hare"
"NO UPVOTES? Well...."
"Whenever I get downvotes"
"HIFW I find out my school is making me pay $200+ For each of my textbooks on top of tuition"
"I see your class at 8am and post-grad work at 7am and raise you 4 am working in a bakery"
"To all of my facebook friends"
"Nature Adapting"
"I'm having some problems"
"How?????"
"For my cake day I present to you my favorite gif."
"Me being not a big movie guy seeing my friends' statuses about actors at the Oscars"
"When I invite 5 people to a party and 50 people show up."
"Happy animal's day! Here's a picture of the dog of my dreams."
"&quot;Mom  Dad took all the bacon again!&quot;"
"dude likes bacon"
"What I imagine some redditor's look like... [nsfw]"
"My new favourite face swap"
"My favorite face swap ever"
"Just imagine what it would be like"
"Just a girl and a dog"
"When I'm told to smile for a picture."
"When a GIF loops perfectly"
"Banana Man saves the day!"
"Banana man"
"So THAT is where bananas come from...."
"Mmm...nose bananas."
"Asia has much more interesting banana commercials than North America"
"How to impress a woman."
"The Meaning of Life... in gif form"
"Meanwhile...in Japan."
"Best Way To Save Your Children"
"People are too much sometimes."
"Coolest Selfie Ever? [500x332]"
"Orbiting Astronaut Self-Portrait"
"Space Selfie"
"Self-portrait level: NASA"
"When I post a link and see 0 upvotes within the first two minutes"
"Either an amazingly planned troll  or pure ignorance  i'm betting it's the latter."
"The ignorance with this one.. FB"
"Perspective"
"Party Christ"
"Fists"
"Overly Manly Man"
"Overly manly man"
"Escher's Lego"
"So That's How Those are Made"
"Liberty and Justice."
"I got a big head and little arms..."
"We all have dreams"
"Sex is no accident..."
"Neandertallica!"
"METALLICA FANS!! I PRESENT TO YOU..."
"Where did you two meet?"
"Ibiza beach sans bitch"
"For Asgard!"
"Tinker Bell"
"NASA has the coolest Flickr Stream"
"Is this a repost?"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Well this explains it all"
"This explains it all"
"Best friends"
"Kitty Push Ups"
"r/aww just got a whole lot sexier"
"Front page here I come!"
"Fish with a baboon head"
"Me getting on reddit after a few days without internet during the aftershock of RPG"
"whenever I walk into an arguement between two people"
"How I feel when my husband and dad are watching football"
"Wrestling."
"As a Canadian  when I went outside..."
"Gets me everytime."
"Nice going  Tigger"
"Never been easier to find an empty cab in NYC!"
"Losing your teeth in... 3..2..1.."
"Giraffes are heartless creatures."
"That's.....nice?"
"With no other living men in my family  this is my role model."
"Ron Swanson"
"This about sums up how I feel on my first cake day"
"Fuck it  its my cake day on new years."
"Only 4 days into No Fap September..."
"Now I know."
"Ya  good luck with that."
"Ya  good luck with that."
"Look out! He's summoning his zip zop zoobity bop powers!"
"Can someone please tell me why this .gif even exists?"
"Merica!"
"How I imagine a cat must feel while riding in the car"
"Listen to the HEYEYAAAEYA song and put this on."
"SPACE CAT lost in space..."
"This picture gives me the chills..."
"He asked &quot;Will you marry me?&quot; and the cat....the cat said &quot;Yes!!!&quot;"
"i haz a pet too"
"Just a raccoon bringing back a lost kitty."
"...can I help you?"
"Mom. Dad. Can we keep her?"
"NPH tweeted this picture this morning  probably repost but just wanted to share b/c it's the cutest thing I've ever seen"
"Dat nose."
"a few days late but dang WTF"
"meanwhile in Thailand..."
"What I imagine people act like right before they post a TIL."
"Me after finally using an Xbox controller for The Witcher 2 on my PC..."
"This makes me laugh every time"
"Dawnguard (Skyrim) is here  SWGEmu is rocking (Star Wars Galaxies)  and Team Fortress 2 has pyromainia."
"Mind blown.."
"How I feel after reading though r/todayilearned instead of studying."
"OHHH My..."
"My Cake Day Experience  a gif-umentary"
"This is surprisingly accurate..."
"Dashing through the snow..."
"Swingin' in the rain"
"Amazing sidewalk art"
"If God DOES exist  then...."
"Skull-Head Monkeys Riding Laser Ass Powered Flying Zebras and more (kinda NSFW)"
"I honestly have no idea what is happening here... (slightly NSFW)"
"Untitled"
"Meet Rex  the baby golden retriever"
"I d'awed."
"To do list"
"just a baby leopard"
"Let me pet you"
"...so  Scrabble."
"It FINALLY comes to life!"
"....AAAAAAAAAND we've reached a new low....."
"'MERICA"
"How I Feel When Youtube Is Taking Forever"
"When one mustache just isn't enough."
"One Dog = Two Pirates."
"That's not right..."
"My friend posted something about his dog..."
"my dog"
"Still My Favorite Picture on the Internet"
"When you go to a fancy restaurant and get the bill"
"When you go out for a fancy dinner and get the bill..."
"The most wtf thing I've seen on 4chan"
"Metal"
"Don't judge me  lamp!"
"This kid is so vogue"
"How I feel about sushi night"
"This is probably how I look on the dance floor."
"This is probably how I look on the dance floor [FIXED]."
"fuck everything about that door placement."
"Point of view"
"How I feel when I see memes on facebook"
"How I feel being a Christian on Reddit"
"How I felt at my first NASCAR race"
"Went to a rave for the first time yesterday."
"Hmmmm... Too much white"
"oh firefox..."
"Firefox encountered a problem?"
"When you realize the post you made has spelling error in the title"
"fuck everything"
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"How I feel starting my homework on a weekend and then realizing there's no school the next day"
"Just finished Season 4..."
"Mitt Romney - The Juan Percent"
"Play any song while watching this"
"Every time I get an upvote on a post I've made."
"My favorite Star Wars action figure when I was a kid."
"I laughed at this a little too hard."
"D'awww Mr. Bunneh Rabbit"
"Hey reddit check out this rabbit opening a letter"
"This is deep."
"Googled: &quot;redonkulous&quot;. Got the McDonk."
"Uma Thurman is a sexy pussy"
"such a nice place on earth"
"That Ray! Haha ... He just loves to photobomb tourists."
"Soon..."
"Klungo's Latest Potion"
"Watching the view thinking you won the argument vs THE WOMAN"
"How it must feel reading comments after making it to the front page."
"Maybe he's not so bad after all..."
"How I felt when the parents of one of my students didn't make an excuse for their child's poor choices."
"Super!"
"All i said was OP is ugly"
"Someone got into my facebook. This is what greeted me when I logged in."
"There's no way this can end badly."
"Whenever I try to do anything science related."
"This family must be...close"
"How's this one for a family photo??"
"Family Picture awkward lvl 100"
"There IS such a thing as being &quot;too close&quot; to your family"
"Family photo shoot! Look at how close we all are!"
"Saw this as a screen saver at school. Thought you guys would enjoy it."
"Friend of a friend lives in Brigantine  NJ. Yep  it's a shark."
"Showed up in my news feed after Sandy (yes that is a shark)"
"How to NOT protest."
"Yosemite Valley at dusk  with car headlights illuminating the fog [1247x1138]"
"A light mist settles over Yosemite Valley at dusk"
"Yosemite Valley at Dusk"
"So I was on Facebook and noticed my girlfriend's dad's profile picture... I'm not afraid to meet him anymore."
"Out of nowhere..."
"Denied!"
"Gumby don't play that."
"Every post of mine"
"Yes  it is sand."
"Who needs pumpkins when you have watermelons"
"Starry Bacon"
"This is my favorite meme of every  but you guys will probably think it's"
"Whenever i spend the time to make something for reddit and it gets no attention"
"You filthy whore"
"To the Rapture Freaks. Can we please stop now?"
"MFW the store only has Snowballs left"
"Whenever I silently pass gas in a crowded room."
"Original Trollface"
"Hollister"
"saw this while driving to work"
"Get well soon  sweet Raccoon"
"Did someone give it to him or was he on his way to give it to a friend?"
"So I was on Stumbleupon..."
"I have the weirdest boner right now"
"Well  that's the spirit."
"How I feel this week being from North Carolina."
"Whenever i see someone looking at 9gag"
"A lack of crackers"
"I must go now  my people need me! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"The master of disguises"
"When you pause a Nicki Minaj video..."
"This belongs here. Some flyers from a new religious cult (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Home sweet home!"
"Attention Plankers:"
"When I see someone &quot;plank&quot; this is what I want to do."
"Kitty hugs stuffed animal before bed"
"Damn Nature"
"I see ALL your geese and raise you Salvador Dali walking an anteater..."
"Salvador Dali in Paris  walking his anteater  1969. [468 x 700]"
"How to save on dog food"
"the dude is slick"
"I can't stop laughing at that face!"
"Keyboard Cat's Great Great Great Grandfather"
"Play me off"
"The Entertaining Pussy"
"I have seen the future  and it looks ugly."
"CAT doing a POO in our garden"
"Is this a medical condition  or..."
"4 legged man"
"iPhone in Soviet Russia..."
"Just a reminder..."
"It's not the beard on the outside that counts"
"Reddit Reloaded"
"aha"
"Fox in a Snowstorm"
"eyyyyy sexy lady"
"Can you help me identify this South Park character?"
"High kitteh is high"
"The Hobbit is starting to look like an Episode I scale disaster with the Dwarves starring as Jar Jar"
"Whenever I see a post about Watch Dogs"
"when it's your cake day and your post is actually funny"
"How I feel whenever people comment on my post."
"Not once  but twice"
"How I feel when my posts go from 1 &gt; 0 &gt; 1 and back to 0"
"The problem with Guardian Angel..."
"Blade 4: The only one worth watching"
"I like this ending better"
"A map of all the undersea internet cables in the world"
"Just get a job?"
"WRRRRYYYYYYYYYYY"
"I just... I don't even."
"Whenever i see two people arguing on facebook"
"Relax Bro"
"How I feel browsing r/askscience."
"When i tried listening to the debate tonight"
"How is this not an infection risk?"
"Coming off an awkward topic with a friend."
"When someone posts something on facebook that only another redditor would understand"
"too soon to make fun?"
"Every weekend since I started browsing reddit"
"How could this happen to him?"
"This makes me so sad"
"How I feel when inviting close friends to my 21st birthday party via facebook  and they decline"
"HIFW I heard Jason Segel might be leaving HIMYM after season 8."
"The most depressing thing in the world 2"
"Every time I hear this song"
"Did I...did I miss my cake day?"
"Like my human."
"Found this on my news feed..."
"Lobster anyone?"
"Lick your ass before kissing me girl"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"Guess who's back?"
"The Royal Arrested Development Cast"
"First photo of the Arrested Development cast fully reunited!"
"I can't get enough Tobias"
"First picture of the arrested development cast reunited! And don't they look hotter than ham water?"
"How I feel after work"
"Judgemental Gorilla"
"Remind me again why I went to Veterinary school."
"Deer feeling down"
"Get Well Soon"
"Get well soon"
"Goats are like mushrooms.If you shoot a duck  I'm scared of toasters."
"Saw this on Facebook.. not sure what to think of it."
"Goats are...."
"This just showed up in my FB feed - ???"
"My favorite meme of all time (contest me if you want)"
"I know I shouldn't post captioned images  but I didn't know where else to put this..."
"After seeing all the fb posts about Magic Mike"
"Really though"
"This will be me if the Tigers win today"
"Soon"
"Cake Days are Overrated"
"Out of fucking nowhere."
"Derp Seal Strikes Again"
"Chris Brown gets tattoo of brutally beaten woman [Rihanna] on his neck."
"I know exactly what to do"
"How am I gonna not die during finals you ask?"
"Every time my mom asks how I fixed her computer."
"When I find the last beer in the back of the fridge."
"One big happy family (NSFW)"
"Why????"
"Why you are so tired?"
"Golden/Husky Mix  I dare you to show me a cuter puppy."
"Hedgehog Win"
"The reason why you don't want Brazilians on your team"
"Checking to see if my food has cooled down."
"Groovy Knoxville"
"So bold"
"Im working as barista at the local university. This is how the german students react when they realise i understand them."
"A Woman's Fantasy"
"New Born Polar Bear"
"Starry Mountains"
"When the person in the cube next to me audibly farts."
"Whatcha you lookin at bitch?!"
"CAPTAIN AMERICA"
"How I feel when girls try to start drama"
"How does this even work...?"
"Chicken eating NOPE"
"To those of you who kept clapping during the Avengers last night"
"Crowd Fight"
"Cat trying to catch a snowball [x-post from r/cats]"
"BOOM! Headshot!"
"The difference between a homeless guy and a hipster."
"Yo dawg..."
"Reddit whenever someone bashes a conservative"
"Today Was National Karma Day (true story)  So I Decided To Do This All Day When I Was On Reddit [GIF]"
"NO NO NO NO!"
"You don't belong up there..."
"Stop it trampoline. You're drunk."
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk"
"The greatest casualty of Hurricane Sandy"
"Sandy that's not where that goes."
"Oh Sandy  you make things so crazy"
"Stop it trampoline. You're drunk."
"Meanwhile  in Jersey..."
"Hurricane Sandy is getting a bit windy"
"You're drunk!"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk. WTF."
"JUST LET ME CROSS!!!! (Xpost from funny)"
"Since graduating over a year ago  this sums up my experience in the &quot;real world&quot; so far."
"How are you all so creative?!"
"I wish this wasn't an accurate depiction of events. [FIXED]"
"Scumbag Eve at it again"
"getting head for the first time"
"I do this every single year and my mom has no idea."
"How I feel when I realize I've let out a disastrous fart in public"
"Me reading Exodus 20:21 and Leviticus 25:44-46 at Bible camp when I was 12  shortly before calling Mom to take m home"
"[REQUEST] That gif where a guy sitting at a desk calmly throws his papers everywhere. (can't find it anywhere) Murderous Bert for your trouble."
"When someone mentions the new show Here Comes Honey Boo Boo"
"Whatcha doin? Hmm? Hmm? HMM?"
"Dropping a nug between my car seats."
"The first time I saw a girl's who-who."
"First time going down on a girl"
"Multi-million dollar cameras at work."
"I tried to feed my cat. Then this happened..."
"A Tyrannosaurus Rex made of Balloons"
"Best Balloon Animal Ever!"
"Bears"
"whoops."
"I Was Never Good at Math..."
"That one moment when you know you've lost an argument."
"Reposting this because it's awesome."
"When you see it..."
"Swan Ronson"
"Mischievous Dachshund"
"You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine..."
"Trip through the cosmos [xpost from /r/space]"
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom..."
"Getting Down-Votes On A Good Post"
"Instantaneous Cure!"
"How I feel when I see a funny comment I was going to make.."
"Bizarre Google Street-View Images"
"How I feel when I see a better computer than mine"
"How far Steam has come.."
"Edward you need some work"
"This made me giggle"
"Spideys Ignition"
"Spidey Shuffle"
"Showing dominance"
"Tired Pets [IMAGE]"
"I redditors worst nightmare has came true."
"Motherfucker"
"What I imagine watching Colbert on LSD must be like"
"Who needs a title"
"You know what rhymes with sloth?"
"I laughed way to much at this."
"What rhymes with sloth?"
"The bane of my childhood."
"what weather segments should use to describe tomorrow and Sunday"
"How to organize your cats!"
"For the redditor in need of space"
"I don't think the world is prepared for this much cuteness."
"Snoop Lion's Book on the transformation."
"Snoop Lion: The Transformizzle"
"Sometimes  to become a lion  you first must become a dogg..."
"This is why I love Photoshop. Good ole' Obama! #2Termz"
"Baller Obama | Two Terms"
"The warning label a Chris Brown album deserves"
"Best plan ever."
"Is this chess set supposed to be 'cities' vs 'terrorists' ?"
"It's a sad day in the street.."
"Meanwhile in Ponyville...."
"Most Interesting Cookie Monster"
"Just found out about /r/gonewild (i know pathetic)"
"The following week after No Fap September."
"WOOTINI!"
"Troll Bike"
"dem lyfe struggles"
"Most of us Redditors' at any high school dance"
"My friend and I after we pass a test"
"WE LIKE PIZZA"
"I can't look away..."
":-O"
"I want candy."
"Thanks  Jesus!"
"Oh no..."
"For my cakeday  I present you with superhero logic!"
"Fuck yeah"
"Jesus... Does anyone know the back story on this?"
"Friend zone level ???"
"so annoying"
"Googled &quot;Dost thou even lift?&quot; and this came up.."
"My new exercise shirt."
"How ever Redditor's new years resolution goes"
"How every Redditor's new years resolution goes"
"De nada"
"Thank you Jesus."
"MEOWTF"
"Bitches love leaves"
"Not sure why this is so funny to me."
"Kids these days."
"An Australian firefighter giving water to an injured koala after a brushfire"
"What you did there Juicy Juice... I see it."
"Venezuelan poodle moth"
"So sexy it hurts!"
"You wanted roots..."
"Doesn't matter  has sex"
"Where do you want us to play soccer?"
"Upvotes for you  Upvotes for me"
"Not enough sloths  you say?"
"HAPPY THANKSGIVING GUYS"
"Can you hear me now?"
"This gave me nightmares [x-post from /r/funny]"
"F$#%ING METAL"
"after not seeing my gf for a month"
"Waking up to find new found Karma"
"I came to take your jobs but..."
"Insane volcanic lightning storm in Chile"
"Cat Problem (/r/4chan)"
"Morgan Freeman's Voice Is Engraved Into Our Minds"
"Mesmerizing."
"GPS trails of pizza delivery riders on one night in Manhattan"
"I keep seeing this .gif. A) It's creepy  and B) I want to know what it's from."
"Dark Knight ending in a nutshell [SPOILERS]"
"The ending of Dark Knight Rises"
"Every time I have to write a paper."
"Gangnam Style is the best"
"riding the elevator gangnam style"
"Just wanted to get in on the fun!"
"i'm slightly amazed..."
"I discovered America!"
"My boss shared sent me this today"
"Run Mars Run!"
"Hey girl  you lookin fine."
"How can he be the next President if he is already the mayor or Whoville?"
"The resemblance is uncanny"
"Joined the one year club... and missed my cake day."
"just yes."
"Adorable Breaking Bad Costumes"
"How a re-poster's mind works [Not sure if re-post]"
"RCMP officer rescues bald eagle hit by car"
"North Korea vs South Korea"
"Angry Otter"
"How to piss off an otter"
"You see this shit? IDIOT!"
"God  Otters are so cute"
"Gladly"
"This just became serious.."
"A repost but a good post"
"There are quite a few fetishes being catered to here... [NSFW]"
"Mmmm delicious whole milk....and an ape man."
"What the holy hell is going on here?"
"This showed up on my facebook newsfeed... Thought it fit in nicely here."
"Current state of Reddit [REPOST]"
"Pretty much my last day at work today..."
"Hey guys  I played the random letter imgur game too!"
"Just saw Gangnam Style for the first time  was thinking this the whole time."
"This is Reddit's reaction every time I try and post something."
"How I feel about the Woody Harrelson AMA"
"Wait  today was Friday the 13th?"
"How I feel when people nitpick my posts to death"
"Oh Miley Cyrus got a haircut?"
"Whenever someone tells me I'm doing something wrong"
"thought it fit"
"Was listening to this when opening a GIF MrDrProfessor posted and it worked perfectly"
"Here's a .gif  couldn't think of a witty title."
"A bird and a rodent dancing to some chill music"
"Too cool for daytime television"
"Photorealistic pencil drawings by Diego Fazio. They are not photographs"
"Made it to r/popping"
"Halloween in 3 days"
"Chewbacca dog"
"And that was the last time I went to 4chan for porn (SFW)"
"Space is beautiful."
"When I'm reading through to find out why my friend is so flustered after his conversations in gaming forums."
"I studied Spanish for five years  but when I went to Spain..."
"When I attempted to kiss my date"
"Best ... campaign... EVER!"
"When you enter the water  you enter the food chain. And you're not at the top."
"A wave at sunset"
"Ladies and Gentlemen or Reddit  may I present to you the work of Clark Little"
"&quot;Huh?&quot;"
"Still a better love story than Twilight."
"Reddit deals with disappointment from Woody Harrelson."
"I decided to browse /new and this is how I feel about literally every post."
"The face of r/atheism"
"How i feel about the punchline in the title threads....."
"Ah  good old Japan. At least it's not tentacle porn."
"Atticus Finch being a gangsta' while having a 40 being poured on him by cupid Biggie and Tupac"
"Pour it  SLUT"
"My family had a graduation party for me yesterday. This was my reaction to half the people there.."
"I just looked through my Facebook newsfeed aftfor ignoring it for a long time."
"Silly hen  thats not your baby!"
"Hey Mom  I think you are confused"
"Marines birthday? Fox News nailed it"
"The best argument I've seen for legalizing gay marriage. Seriously  this would be awesome."
"Vada boy off in this"
"Repost: Dedication"
"I'm actually quite alright with that..."
"Is Slenderman home? (x-post from r/slender_man)"
"Slenderman's House Keeper"
"OK Guess I'll come back later..."
"Consuela at her finest"
"Mr. slenderman is gone"
"Ahh Gingers!"
"How I feel on reddit when drunk..."
"The picture hoax that's making the internet rounds..."
"Shot of NYC today. Nature is awesome."
"Hurricane Sandy nearing New York. Looks like its from a movie."
"Sandy and Lady Liberty!"
"My friend just posted this amazing shot to FB (sorry if repost)"
"My new favourite faceswap"
"Searched my username...Not sure what to think"
"65 Degrees with a slight chance of...cat?"
"thanksgiving... you're doing it right"
"Classy bacon costume  April 1894."
"fancy bacon dress  1894"
"To all your feet pictures..."
"Anne Hatha...what?"
"We're at war with the ants  and I play dirty."
"Dancing while the earth dies screaming"
"Wednesday Holiday"
"How I feel when my mom goes grocery shopping"
"He's real!"
"Roof-Jump App"
"Upvoting links on the front page"
"Mr. ET"
"Because E.T. didn't look creepy enough..."
"So I searched E.T. on Google  and this came up..."
"Finally a way to get this song out of my head  another win for Obama."
"Being a newly converted PC gamer  this is what the Steam Summer Sale makes me feel"
"The girl's logic is flawless!! (xpost from r/futurology)"
"When feeling generous  this is me browsing through /r/new"
"Fucking Tumblr..."
"Whenever I hear someone quote Drake..."
"If only the world worked this way."
"Pig Poops on Balls."
"cat jump fail"
"A+ for effort.."
"My girlfriend just before she climaxes"
"Pixar is really stepping it up with the verisimilitude these days."
"90's flashback"
"The Cosby Family!"
"When my gf wants to fight"
"Get up there!"
"How I feel trying to get on Reddit's Front Page."
"how it feels arguing with a fundie"
"You're almost there buddy! Don't give up!"
"WE'LL MAKE IT I SWEAR"
"my 9 month old brothers halloween costume"
"FOREVER.."
"Best.Party.Ever."
"This chick has hot tits."
"When I order from a french restaurants menu."
"How I feel during a Fantasy Football draft"
"My sport knowledgeable friends convinced me to do fantasy football this year  this was me during the draft"
"I want your soul"
"To sell propane... (x-post)"
"Oppa Gotham Syle"
"Joseph Gordon Levitts."
"Queue Rocky theme"
"the saddest cat to ever wear a bell"
"Met up with my buddy after 12 hours alive on DayZ (we spawned on opposite sides of the map). 23 seconds after we met  we were both sniped and killed."
"When I go in a place that has free Wifi in it."
"Guys  this is the saddest Gif. I've seen. and maybe yours too"
"Quite the heartwarming tale."
"Trippin out brah"
"Was listing to some music when I pulled up this gif..."
"That's a real slap"
"How i feel catching a misspelled word before posting"
"Peanut Butter"
"Peanut Butter."
"Float Like a Butterfly and Sting Like a Bee [fixed]"
"Mine"
"How i feel when i'm telling a funny story but my friend steals the punchline and gets all the laughs"
"When someone begs for karma on their cake day"
"My Cakeday Thus Far"
"Any time I play an FPS"
"Train Etiquette"
"Thanks Luke !"
"I just came across this yesterday. This is awesome  and they need internet love for it."
"Take Down 9gag! (White Team)"
"This is being organized"
"Spread the word. Operation Bukkake is a go!"
"Seal? Is that you?"
"Googled &quot;gay seal&quot; looking for that seal that says &quot;Gaaaaay&quot;... close enough?"
"Looked up &quot;Gay Seal&quot; on Google"
"It's my cake day; here's some jugs. NSFW"
"The hardest part of a mother's life."
"No. This is the most stressful level in any game by far!"
"How I feel when dumbass college students feel the need to waste the professor's and everybody else's time by explaining how their recent camping trip was in any way related to chemistry at all."
"Is there any love for a porcupine puffer fish?"
"First look at Apple's next generation iPad &quot;nano&quot; that has been rumored to make phone calls."
"The fuck? O_o"
"These face swaps keep getting weirder..."
"Bellyface"
"Why? [FIXED]"
"Look at it!"
"It's stuff like this that makes reruns of To Catch a Predator pure gold."
"Goliath"
"I do believe these people are going to have a bad day."
"Just another late-night McDonald's run"
"This bat rocks."
"This goes considerably well with this..."
"Fuck the police"
"One of the worst ways to die"
"Rough way to go..."
"Had faith in humanity...and it's gone"
"Popping of a bubble caught on camera (amazing)."
"[NSFW] A gift to those seeking &quot;WTF&quot; in /r/WTF."
"Wilt  Arnold and Andre"
"Wilt Chamberlain and some other guys"
"Wilt Chamberlain and Andre The Giant carrying some little dude around the set of Conan"
"Famous Sites as Dresses [FIXED]"
"MY favorite way dinosaurs could have died."
"Just finished watching Game Change. This can apparently sum up the entire McCain staff"
"The most non-cute thing I have seen in my life."
"Aww  shucks"
"Easily the cutest gif I have ever seen ever  period the end"
"The most adorable thing I have ever seen."
"Cutest puppy I have ever seen"
"The fuck outta my chair"
"How I Feel When I Remember I Can Upvote"
"What my relationship with Reddit feels like during finals week"
"How my momma watched the debate last night."
"Hulk smash Snake!!!!"
"Boyfriend and I just got a California king sized bed..."
"When I'm about to finish and I'm not wearing a condom"
"When people ask me about politics"
"Bourgeois duck stays afloat."
"Things are getting weird on the New Jersey highways."
"Naps."
"Awkward"
"Wall sockets from all over the world"
"Multiculturalism"
"Adventure Time Twerk"
"HOLY CARP!"
"It saddens me that I could only recognize a few"
"Gandalf wearing sunglasses on the set of The Hobbit."
"Angels are ass holes. (x-post from r/funny)"
"oh  glorious zebra butt"
"Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh shit! No!"
"Baby bear v. Lion cub"
"Me dancing at parties"
"He just keeps on pumpin!"
"Did someone say binders full of women?"
"Saw this on my newsfeed... God dammit Bill!"
"I made a new downvote GIF..."
"The power I feel downvoting in /r/new"
"Leroy has done it again"
"Oh Leroy Jenkins  the early years"
"Beach shower that looks like a giant Sprite machine"
"The original Ronald McDonald... 1963.[828x1017]"
"Thats right  get to it."
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts"
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts by Shel Silverstein"
"freedom!"
"I think I found my new favorite GIF"
"Checkmate  atheists."
"This wasn't your first choice?"
"Does this happen at all black churches? (not sure if repost)"
"Transformers!!"
"Every freaking night"
"Kanye Kitty  bitchhh."
"How I feel shaving my balls with a hair clipper"
"How I feel when I'm shaving my balls with a hair clipper"
"How I feel when I see a questionably attractive chick"
"You can do it  you can do it  you can... ouch..."
"Best Mascot Ever (repost from r/funny)"
"No matter how bad a day I've had  I still find this gif hilarious."
"i gonna do it! im gonna make to the front pa-"
"Whenever I try to post something on reddit."
"One of the greatest posters  for one of the most disappointing movies."
"How i feel at work when it's slow and i've finished my work"
"Happiest moment ever playing this game."
"So this must be what hitting the lottery feels like..."
"Shit is about to go down..."
"Drinking Vodka"
"FML"
"The biggest lie ever told. A lie bigger than your mother."
"Sweet Dreams"
"When I spot Super Smash Bros being played at a party"
"Googled hurricane sandy  was not disappointed."
"I think I found the Reddit hole."
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 months"
"Uhhhhhh... No?"
"So many people don't know the pain..."
"Were we just compared to Pedophiles???"
"Ive lost all faith in humanity..."
"Well obviously.."
"Killed with kindness?"
"Everyday I'm Diagnosin'"
"When I get more up votes than my friend"
"Gets me every time."
"I just received my 600th Karma point"
"Today we remember."
"9/11 - Never forget"
"Seems legit"
"Still one of my favorite gifs ever"
"When i first discovered everybody reposts from reddit  [first post] - Imgur"
"Brrrrrr... so cold..."
"A hummingbird made of old CD pieces."
"Three science geniuses  one room. (Not sure of original source)"
"Just a couple of guys at a science fair."
"motha. fuckin. bread crumbs."
"My friends son has a little trouble without a spot and squeezes a fart out!"
"I know this has been reposted to death  but it makes me chuckle everytime."
"I wonder if the one on the bottom can pull this off.........."
"When my parents told me not to smoke in Amsterdam..."
"Whenever I hear that a supernatural horror flick is &quot;based on a true story&quot;"
"When a professor says &quot;This isn't on the test  but you should learn it anyway&quot;"
"Forget Elephants...this subreddit needs more Pandas!"
"Did not see that coming"
"drama"
"Whenever I open a pack of gum in school"
"How it feels every time I log into Reddit and see that my karma has gone up."
"When a 2:1 karma ratio turns to 3:0"
"How I felt finally reaching 100 karma after spending 2 months on reddit."
"How I feel getting upvoted in r/funny"
"How I felt after a successful date with a girl."
"OUCH"
"Go home window...you're drunk."
"Alakazam used psy beam!"
"Jenni gets all the guys"
"Life of a Redditor"
"a week in the life of a programmer"
"Yup.. Sums up my week"
"Lol So Hard"
"BMX grind"
"Did someone say Carrots?"
"I see all of your guys's wierd sea creatures and raise you an IRL mudkip."
"So this happened today near me. News report in comments."
"From what I hear  she really gets around..."
"I died laughing"
"I don't see how any of these answers are wrong..."
"How it was having sex without a condom for the first time. (didn't make the image myself) [First Post]"
"Devine Moment of truth"
"Hurricane Sandy&gt;Swagfags"
"So typed young Morgan Freeman into google"
"How I feel when that time of the month comes again"
"How I feel studying for finals when I notice something more interesting"
"Whenever I jump into a conversation at work"
"Oldie but a goodie"
"Beautiful Chameleon"
"CATS!"
"Red Bull Stratos: Freefall in 3  2  1..."
"Pretty standard behavior I guess"
"Interesting chart."
"This is the only time having swag is acceptable."
"I'm sure its been asked before  but how many of you would say that this man had a major influence on your personal beliefs?"
"My favorite quote by George Carlin"
"I am going to hell for laughing..."
"Juicy finger paste"
"Stunning cover of this week's New York Magazine"
"Googled &quot;what the fuck&quot;"
"I got a boner  but only for like half a second."
"The Faces of Rage"
"This Day We Fight"
"Look's like somebody's got a little case of the Mondays."
"“No worries there  Ralph  I got this!!!” (x/post from r/funny)"
"bear."
"Pac Melon"
"I knew it...."
"Yo"
"When I found out that Bill Nye was coming to my school... and then subsequently realized that I had a Comp Sci final during his talk."
"how I feel after missing my first cake day yesterday"
"I see your Swedish school lunch and raise you an all American school lunch"
"How I feel when I think of a comeback to an insult two hours late"
"I want to party with this guy"
"Shadow of The Collossus pixel gif"
"Got a little high at work...isn't too noticeable is it?"
"Everybody in Colorado right now."
"Salvador Dali Taking His Anteater On A Walk"
"Why Japan  Why?"
"A sloth's life"
"What South Dakota wind can do."
"A little wind in South Dakota today."
"Praying mantis riding a bike?"
"you threw it  YOU find it!"
"This one always makes me laugh"
"You Shall Not Disobey. (X-Post from r/AdviceAnimals)"
"I shall call you &quot;King&quot;."
"Chuck Norris Vs. Slender Man [gif]"
"Off rapper Gucci Mane's Instagram"
"Was hit by all 3"
"Local McDonalds"
"Um... No thanks..."
"Park at rear?"
"Let us celebrate Columbus day...."
"Your Move Atheists"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"My reaction when I see someone browsing reddit"
"Ron some bacon on it"
"Nothin' to see here  folks. Just the cutest baby Koala you've ever seen."
"First time i went swimming and got a sun burn on my arms  I forgot and scratched my arm..This is how i felt.."
"Who i'm voting for in November"
"The obama speech."
"Bin Laden's dead."
"One year ago today."
"Struttin'"
"DON'T CALL IT A REPOST!"
"Get Down."
"Great for hunting water."
"Recap of Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"Feline! Disrespect! From! Behind!"
"Apparently Mario Kart was inspired by Alaska"
"Well deserved!"
"Got Moves"
"Peek-a-boo! Bat embryo"
"It's true."
"Ten years ago..."
":3"
"attack parrot"
"Bird Kombat (FIXED)"
"Broomstick guy"
"Wizard flying over his pool. (X-Post /r/funny)"
"Best pic ever?"
"The Matrix: Dodgeball Style"
"Why hello their"
"googled &quot;Cartoons gone badass&quot; not sure if awesome...or cannot unsee"
"Sorry people of America this is not the pehavior [sic] of our Islam and Profit [sic]: Libyans respond to the death of Christopher Stevens"
"A humble apology from Libya"
"Dorito Dust &gt; Salt &amp; Pepper (x-post r/Food)"
"Meanwhile in Australia."
"Chickenshake"
"Chickens defying physics."
"The maturity goats - life's a climb"
"True"
"Signs of maturity."
"The Maturity Climb"
"How I see fox viewers"
"cat drinking"
"When some one asks me my religion..."
"How to get her to love you"
"An oddity"
"I look at the pictures  I look down  I walk away...with shame."
"That's it let it all out bro!"
"I...I don't know what to say other than WTF"
"Well shit...."
"Gesundheit"
"This is what followed that rain in Ireland today. At least there's still transport."
"I laughed a little bit too much at this"
"Sir Ian Mckellen"
"How I feel after my girlfriend replaces her single bed for a double."
"Kitten wearing an angry frog hat"
"ERMAHGERD Sturbacks!"
"I guess this Starbucks hears all the girls at my school."
"ERMAHGERD!"
"I turned around during my school lunch and see this."
"Release the Kraken!"
"A little role reversal for you all"
"Am I turning into Taylor Swift?"
"How I feel trying to talk to women..."
"Actual Awkward Penguin"
"Hey guys  did you know..."
"If Curiosity successfully lands on Mars tonight."
"every time i try to tell my GF that im not a yes man"
"A friend sent me just this after a long day of work. Fits perfectly"
"Looting seagull (X-post /r/funny)."
"This seagull goes into the same store and takes the same bag every time. It's called the &quot;web footed discount&quot;"
"SnoopRomney"
"DAT ASS"
"Dat Ass"
"What I felt like on the first day of school walking into all my classes"
"Now this is definitely the best thing I've seen on a porn site to date."
"I see this too often- the worst kind of person on Facebook"
"Just a picture of Alice Cooper and Col. Sanders hanging out"
"After seeing him everywhere  how I imagine andrewsmith1986"
"I recently started to browse /new . This is what I've become. [fixed]"
"How I imagine the people who upvote on /r/gonewild"
"I know who is killing the WoW worlds!"
"I googled &quot;Nicholas Cage&quot; and this came up..."
"So much is wrong with this picture"
"Searched Nick Cage upset  was not disappointed."
"outta my head"
"Spongebob and friends (x-post from altart)"
"I don't remember SpongeBob being this morbid..."
"how I felt logging onto reddit on a different computer brand  using IE  no RES  and all the default Reddits..."
"College &quot;Essentials&quot; at Target"
"Say cheese!(x-post)"
"Who lives in a pineapsfdghsdfh WHAT THE FUCK!"
"Louis CK on eating"
"Periodic Table of Swearing"
"Water Dog"
"Wave dub Dog"
"Don't you hate when this happens?"
"Nom nom nom"
"Respect (fixed)"
"There is no need to be upset Punjabi."
"Sometimes good can come out of r/WTF"
"If you kill the world  where will you live.."
"Words cannot describe how I feel about this image"
"no homo"
"it's the kiss cam. you have to!"
"As a Redditor who doesn't care about Chik-fil-A who doesn't have a burning hatred for the store this is how I feel every time I open Reddit"
"Breakfast Sunrise..."
"You can dance if you want to......"
"my newest upvote gif"
"awesome upvote gif"
"First time. I'll see myself out."
"The Feeling of Actually living in Washington right now"
"How it feels refreshing reddit to my cakeday."
"Fuck you"
"Champions of Reason."
"Cast"
"Soo how did you break your... body?!"
"The humans suspect nothing so far."
"Bet that tickles. NSFW"
"Surfing r/aww"
"My all time favorite picture of The Beatles"
"By far  my favourite Beatles picture"
"I can hear this guy's yell in my head whenever I see this gif."
"MYYYY PRECIOUSSSS"
"my precious"
"Batman style?"
"Gangnam Style"
"Oppa Gothem Style."
"Probably one of the strangest GIFs I've ever seen."
"For my cakeday  a collection of some of my favorite gifs."
"When I see headlines reading &quot;Congressional negotiators reach agreement to avert shutdown&quot;  this is what runs through my head."
"I wish this cat existed sooner  so I could have stopped my early posts."
"When my roommate invites my ex over to our house."
"Whenever I see someone using a meme wrong on facebook"
"When teachers have sex with their students"
"Whenever my parents play video games...."
"[FIXED] What Sandy looks like from Germany."
"The sole reason why I only go to the gym after 11 pm."
"You can tell by the way I use my walk... Gif [FIXED]"
"Thats what shi said."
"Coming home  big time"
"Free Falling"
"&quot;you'd make a great father&quot;"
"Felix before he falls."
"Step back from that ledge"
"People driving into a canal thinking it was a street from the floods in Florida."
"Dammit Jesus"
"A best of /r/funny from the last few months."
"Saw this on FB  Sorry if this wasn't OC"
"She might not like this picture."
"The funniest David Hasslehoff gif you will ever see."
"12/12/12 at 12:12"
"Back the fuck up!"
"Why I hate Fall."
"A nice pic from Deamau5's last show."
"The father of all the gifs."
"Which movie or show is this gif from?"
"When a hot girl at a party asks if I want to see her room"
"When another driver buckles their seat belt right after they see me wearing mine..."
"As soon as I saw the little cake by my name."
"When only one person upvotes my comment"
"Slave Leia and her stunt double catching some rays"
"Apparently his Spidey Sense was tingling."
"Typed in &quot;masturbating spiderman&quot; on google.. Was not disappointed"
"Smile!"
"Some people are just born cool"
"I miss Saddam Hussein. [FB]"
"Facebook delivers"
"My friend has a bit of a feud going on with his retired neighbor"
"Keep rollin  rollin  rollin  rollin "
"Why are you always in such a bad mood?"
"Just saw this on my facebook feed... they ruin everything"
"It happened again..."
"Litter tray"
"Frisbee fail..."
"What if.....My Version"
"Portable of the dead"
"SRSLY GUISE"
"Damnit"
"This needs to happen"
"You can't spell amusement without..."
"I WANT"
"LOL WUT"
"Mitt Romney's Awkward Slogan"
"When I accidentally download 10 albums worth of .wma music files"
"So I finally decided to visit 9gag to see what all the fuss is about..."
"my friend left his fb up on his family's computer  so his sister posted something about one direction. I'm proud of my response."
"Picard wasn't the only one..."
"The Six Kings"
"Kittens in a bowl!"
"Neck breaking good time"
"omg"
"A Classes Response to Tests being handed back"
"POOP *giggle*"
"He must've had a ruff time"
"Youtube strikes again..."
"artistic youtube commenter"
"I Can't Stop (watching)"
"Got the front page of a small subreddit today....this is how it felt."
"Sweet Mother of God"
"How I felt when I got my first upvote."
"How I felt today being validated by getting upvoted decently on a post after 5 months of not being a lurker. P.S. thanks guys."
"Beautiful Piano Fountain."
"How I imagine every redditor"
"Friend Level 99!"
"Do this to someone for 5 minutes"
"Basically."
"So I left my computer open at home when I went out for the day"
"What I do after putting on flavored lipgloss."
"Free ice cream in a skeleton field?..... Seems legit"
"When ever I'm told I'm the 100 000 000 visitor"
"dafuq Japan?"
"How I feel when attempting to make submissions on Reddit."
"As one who is allergic to cats and therefore dislikes cats. This is me whenever I see a cat post."
"whenever i wake up at 12:30"
"How I feel about the Chick-fil-a situation..."
"How I feel about Chik-Fil-A"
"just got a D on my final paper but still got a B in the class"
"Not sure how I feel about this."
"I can barely see his movements!"
"Reddit  I challenge you! A big sloppy blowjob for anyone who can give me Picard lighting a cigar with a phaser."
"Raw Chicken McNuggets."
"McDonald's Chicken (Pre Nugget Form)"
"Mcdonalds has been putting this mix of meat scrap paste and ammonium hydroxide in their burgers until they stopped in August 2011? Ahhhhhhhhh"
"Two divers decide to confront a great white without a cage"
"Russian Soldier Plays Abandoned Piano"
"When I'm told I re-posted..."
"This photo just blows my mind. Water creating a perfect reflection [pic]"
"Abandoned building in Vallejo  CA that experienced flooding. (xpost /r/abandonedporn)"
"A Gallant Quest."
"Down low... too slow"
"I don't really mind these &quot;like and share&quot; photos  but this  this is just wrong..."
"well I never really liked grandma anyway..."
"Facebook is taking this a little to far..."
"Saw this on my newsfeed..."
"Just saw this in my Facebook feed..."
"My Brain Is So Full of Fuck Right Now... Seriously  Facebook?"
"After browsing r/christianity"
"&quot;I have to go  my people need me...&quot;"
"Teaching marshmellow to roll over"
"What a fluffy little fella"
"New look  am I lookin' good?"
"This is what I feel like all the mars rover posts are like."
"Northern lights over a volcano - Iceland"
"The eagle and the fox"
"Robb Boss"
"When I prove all the haters wrong...."
"Tom Brady has a potty mouth."
"Works with literally every fast dubstep song"
"I actually felt uncomfortable making this... I hope it's worth it."
"Todd Akin - the &quot;legitimate rape&quot; guy - has a wife that looks like Todd Akin in a dress. [Fixed]"
"Reddit's call center"
"Meanwhile back at Reddit headquarters"
"Meanwhile inside reddit IT"
"New phobia."
"Raise you a Freddy Mercury CD Collection (Artist Behance)."
"I see your Bob Marley  I raise you Freddie Mercury!"
"Mr. Feeny"
"two for each"
"Every day..."
"If I was him  I would ONLY eat at KFC"
"When I come home to see my post on the front page."
"Just passed 10 000 link karma"
"Well  that's ONE way for the Tin Man to get his heart. [NSFW]"
"This was one of the responses to what I posted yesterday. I think it's better."
"Today I was at the mall blasting music..."
"At the mall"
"I find this... intriguing. (Sorry if repost)"
"I see your &quot;Most British picture ever&quot; and raise you the most Canadian picture ever."
"Finally a cat worthy of r/wtf"
"My cat is going to jail"
"Snake's head covered with ticks"
"Famous musicians yearbook photos"
"Last resort when I'm losing an argument"
"The deadliest player in battlefield 3"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"How I imagine every male redditor"
"Who You Gunna Call?"
"drunk"
"This is a WASP! (for old time's sake)"
"Them motherfuckin wasps."
"Every time I meet an attractive person"
"I hate when my cans attack me.."
"Judgemental giraffe?"
"Forgot my cake day until right now  1 min before midnight..."
"Reddit  I just broke up with my girlfriend.. Why do I feel like this."
"Just a little Doctor Who gif dump. Enjoy!"
"Looking at all the karma I earned in one year"
"How I feel after missing my cake day after checking nearly every day for the past week."
"How I feel realizing there are no towels  after the shower."
"Purple  so much purple."
"come at me k"
"David Thorne received a letter today"
"It's always lovely to receive letters....."
"For those who know of David Thorne (27b/6)"
"My Life's Goal is to Receive an HR Letter Like This"
"2 Days Before My Long Distance Girlfriend Comes To Visit..."
"how I feel on vacation with my family"
"Family Photos in Asia"
"Whirlwind of mad beats"
"Help...I'm surrounded by idiots"
"How I feel in college"
"I need quarters for the laundromat in my complex  but all I have is $20's"
"As I felt I had to vomit anyway  I decided to do it with some style!"
"Asian pregnancy test"
"Classic Cosmo Kramer"
"soon indeed..."
"Sexually Assaulted Fly (Fixed)"
"&quot;Slurp&quot;"
"Scissors Always Beats Paper"
"TERRIBLE QUALITY BUT AWWWWWWWWWW"
"This kitten's full of awwww"
"Damn nature. You scary."
"No  I didn't know that."
"Dressed to kill"
"Africa."
"Real Life Jedi!!"
"What?! I'm living here!"
"Por que me gusta"
"Hands down  all time favorite gif for my cake day"
"No fucks given. Level: Shark"
"A shark tank in Kuwait broke  releasing them into the Science Centers halls."
"I feel like this one was inevitable"
"Just breathing some fire..."
"You have done well human minion  the Great Cat Overlord is pleased with you!"
"Engineering has ruined Star Wars for me"
"Minecraft"
"This is gonna make his parents mad!"
"Dang weed is always making me forget to clear history"
"This one you have to watch 4 times (okay...maybe just 3) [NSFW]"
"You only get to pick one so pay close attention. NSFW"
"smart dog covers himself with blanket"
"When I have to write an essay the night before it's due"
"What I do when the boss is walking by to make it look like I'm working."
"One of my first faceswaps  probably the best so far."
"So Reddit awards karma for each cat... UNLIMITED KARMAA"
"I wish I was this slick when dealing with my grandmothers pinching attacks..."
"May I present to you my Zombie Walk makeup. (x post from r/pics)"
"Yeah  so I randomly searched on Imgur...this is what I found. I feel bad about my skills now..."
"Was I just insulted by a sweater?"
"I see your Uncirculated vs circulated cash and raise you $205 MILLION in Cash"
"Forever Alone Guy read A LOT of Courage Wolf and decided to change..."
"I can't decide if this makes me want fish sticks  or hate fish sticks..."
"How to easily identify Michael J. Fox's car"
"Burn."
"Be like Han (repost)"
"Patrick Plays Slender (X-post r/slenderman)."
"Patrick plays Slender"
"Patrick meets slender..."
"wee woo wee woo..... WEE WOO WEE WOO"
"WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO!!!!"
"mfw I'm single for the first time in 2 and a half years."
"Whenever I hear about discrimination against homosexuals"
"Finals Week"
"Whenever church starts talking about witchcraft and demon possessing"
"Me after browsing reddit while on the toilet"
"How cute is that?"
"Balancing Act"
"So I just got an acceptance letter from the most prestigious University ever"
"Scumbag brain strikes again!"
"The original come at me bro..."
"A painting made with light + colored plexiglass airplanes"
"we are all athiests  even if we don't realize it"
"World's smallest elephant  trying to survive."
"World's smallest elephant  currently fighting for his life. YOU GOT THIS LITTLE BUDDY!"
"You are not the father!"
"Joe Adams' Play (fixed with rage abuse)"
"Trollball"
"Oh 'mericans."
"Puppet Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh"
"Kitty Pilot"
"Cat Pilot"
"Kaptain Kitty"
"Lyk dis if u cry evry time"
"Mondays sitting in class."
"When I didn't know the 1st question on my finals"
"When someone told me that they didn't believe in any extraterrestrials because of the book of genesis"
"As an Atheist with a PhD in Astrophysics and Theology  this is how I feel when talking to fundies."
"When my parents tell me they looked through my internet history at the diner table."
"No excuses  i'm doing it this year."
"Polar Bear in a field of purple flowers"
"Polar bear and some flowers"
"just a polar bear in a field of flowers"
"BUTTerflies"
"So I know girls don't fart  but if they did..."
"TGIF"
"'MERICA"
"Warnings on toilets."
"Who's a cute wittle pumpkin?"
"Why don't people steal more things from YTMND?"
"Who knew cats like slides?"
"Brothers are such a pain in the ass..."
"Cave Johnson's Steam update just hit my pc.."
"I was promised the front page"
"Gay Bob  a gay doll from the 70's"
"Bartendin Like A Man"
"Faces of meth 2011"
"When you do meth you become a celebrity."
"Any time I have to wake up before 8 AM."
"I think I'd be fine with this guy attacking my city."
"was cats.. was..."
"I Googled &quot;Ron+Swanson+Halloween&quot; and found this beauty."
"Sperm whale is not ready for his closeup"
"Seems kinda angry"
"Prepare for landing  Link"
"My childhood is a lie."
"Wait.. So people really thought he used his head?... That is the mindblowing part."
"A couple of drinks in when I hear my favorite hip-hop song..."
"When I finally found a man who makes me orgasm every single time"
"Interesting.. tell me more."
"How I feel taking my senior portraits"
"That's a good advice..."
"my reaction to the recent tablet uploads"
"Looking through the 'new' section of r/funny"
"Funny"
"After stepping in HUMAN shit at the gas station."
"How I feel towards nature when my period's a week late."
"Why are you white?"
"A young Mitt Romney mocking gay Liberace"
"Nuclear explosion  less than 1 millisecond after detonation."
"Beautiful lightning shot"
"WW2"
"World War II"
"WW2 summary (GIF)"
"ITAP of Fireworks and refocused quickly during an explosion"
"He asked for his dad to come home..."
"They need a hero."
"oh fuck yeah!!"
"Whenever someone mentions taco bell in another room. - Imgur"
"Genius"
"Brazilian Private Yacht Wrecked in Icy Antarctic Waters [1200x722]"
"The Matterhorn piercing the Alps [1600x1200]"
"And the smiled creeped bigger and bigger.."
"This is exactly why I will never have kids."
"PLEASE tell me this is fake."
"My featsies can't get wet"
"Autumn is coming"
"Grass fire aftermath"
"All you need is a dude standing on it with a grappling hook!"
"This is very helpful"
"Pretty much a badass"
"Shark... pffft"
"This is why you didn't make it into the Avengers"
"the amazing spiderman ending spoiler"
"How i feel trying to reach the front page"
"Every time I post something on r/funny"
"Every time I try to insult someone."
"My attempts at reaching the front page..."
"The doctors faces after the delivery of Snooki's baby"
"Oh god Joker"
"Back to roots? Hm... Ah."
"I went to 9GAG to see if it's as bad as everyone from Reddit says..."
"My face when a girl in my bio class asks &quot;what if genetic engineering isn't what god wants for us?&quot;"
"finding an English Dubbed version of the hentai you've been watching"
"Mitt Romney's reaction to Clint Eastwood's speech"
"&quot;I'm a WHAT now? A meme?&quot;"
"My desk is next to the kitchen at work. This is how I look smelling everyone's microwaved leftovers."
"How can someone do this to themselves?"
"The Black Night Rises (background version)[1366 x 768]"
"The Black Knight Rises"
"Scumbag Bill Cosby"
"I'm sorry  what?"
"There's something odd about this dog."
"Prepare to cringe"
"Why would someone do this willingly?"
"fox news  reliable... does anyone know if this is real?"
"One  two  thr-SHIT"
"$126 billion in net worth in one photo"
"... Well hello there."
"Well this is just disturbing"
"This is just fucked up"
"Everytime I watch Leo DiCaprio NOT get an award."
"How I feel when all my new posts get downvoted from 1 to 0."
"How I looked trying to kill the spider in my shower this morning"
"A Pouting Bunny"
"Adorable"
"Cat in a Cat"
"MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!"
"How I feel dealing with new co-workers who are fresh out of college"
"Growing An Edible Tongue"
"&quot;The Moonwalk Superstar&quot;"
"I aced my exams today Daddy!"
"Great  so this is how I'll see barn owls now."
"Nom Nom Owls"
"Some even met Heath Ledger"
"3 bags of beer to go please!"
"Im not sure if i would be scared or if i would crack up if i was that women."
"So I saw The Dark Knight Rises in an IMAX Dome theater today"
"This cat can party"
"Fuck the Police (Read before you vote)"
"Whenever I see that 1 person scored as low as I did on a test"
"Whenever I see another Subaru"
"How I feel seeing a post on the front page that I upvoted in r/new"
"When I start texting someone and the 'send' button turns blue."
"Anytime I see someone with the same phone as me"
"Level level: level."
"Choo Choo"
"Funny Church Sign"
"Funny church sign..."
"So I ran into this church sign the other day..."
"So I ran into this church sign the other day..."
"Summer reading as a kid"
"My reaction to all those long religious arguments on facebook posted in r/atheism"
"How I imagine Redditors  when they saw Obama had posted an AMA."
"This List Was Posted in A College Dorm Bathroom at Miami University (Oxford  Ohio) (Article in Comments)"
"bringing WTF back to its roots"
"I am Batman."
"A nice piece of NOPE washed up on a Florida beach."
"How do I achieve this effect?"
"Hi  I'm knettel38 and my mom drew this amazing picture"
"My girlfriend amazes me. She doodled.this up today"
"Look at what my girlfriend drew. So proud..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"Wait for it... wait for... that kid is going places."
"I whip my ass back and forth..."
"I just thought it was funny ok"
"Lightning on the Horizon"
"Science!"
"Why are we always so sad? (not sure if repost)"
"Corgi loves being vacuumed"
"Free hugs"
"Aww giant tiger hug"
"Time to hit the old dusty trail"
"My sister is a news producer and the meteorologist she works with this got this letter today..."
"Dunn eat meh. D:&gt;"
"Oppa Wolva style! (Psy and Wolverine!)"
"Hey seXy lady!"
"Smoothest man in golf"
"put 'r there... no? yes? oh.. cover up"
"Easy Access"
"The original karma whore."
"The Ultimate Karma Whore"
"Cleaning cloth that came with my glasses (x-post from r/mildlyinteresting"
"Do want!"
"Pretty much sums up me every time I walk past a bakery or food in general."
"Don't mess with the..."
"my favorite pic of the POTUS"
"Umm ?"
"Pretty sure he's feeling it now..."
"The border between The Netherlands and Belgium crosses right trough a restaurant in Baarle."
"I grip my phone just a little bit tighter"
"Chinese traffic"
"Hahaha  Oh salad!"
"When Gary's Hudduh"
"ENDLESS  TERRIFYING GRANDMA"
"After eating a peep for the first time since last easter."
"So I showed my brother Reddit. Now all I see are purple links."
"How I feel being out of a job and just getting Steam during the Summer Sale..."
"Free Beer!"
"most dangerous animal in africa as adults  cutest when young"
"Things to do when the internet is down"
"She Made Bot Dance"
"I live out west  and Hurricane Sandy is really hitting us hard."
"Oh Joe Biden  frisky."
"It's just a Pizza Cat"
"my room mate lent me his laptop for the week  i just found a file called 'pizza cat in space'. thought reddit would appreciate it."
"Saw this on FB...thought that Reddit would enjoy it."
"BOOM! Headshot!"
"friend posted this on fb  thought it definitely belonged here for the level of badass..."
"Wat the fuck"
"This little piggy went"
"When my ex calls."
"You wanted to see the picture that everyone keeps reposting? Fuck you"
"Fighting the Capra Demon for the first time in Dark Souls"
"Title says it all really.."
"My friend sent me this picture of Theodore Roosevelt."
"And that's why we drive of the right side of the road..."
"My favorite comic"
"nightmare fuel"
"This could be the worst tattoo I have ever seen"
"If you put Katy Perry's face on Paula Deen's head  it's still Paula Deen."
"DO YOU FEEL IT?!"
"Parks and Rec season 4 available on Netflix?"
"Worth it"
"One reason  of many  why I LOVE Community."
"Maybe the French aren't so bad after all."
"Scared you didn't I?"
"So this popped up on my news feed..."
"Stumbled across this guy in a stock image gallery today. Cute."
"Nice view"
"Napping Semis(crosspost from /r/pics)"
"I did nazi that coming."
"Alan Moore..."
"Whatcha Thinking About?"
"Blew my mind at a [6]"
"I Dont Give A Fuck..."
"mmmm waffles..."
"This one time  at a party.."
"Dead Jasmin"
"Every reddit post: My grandfather is on his deathbed and I found this puppy I mean kitten in the dumpster so upvote my baby otter"
"The chains of religion"
"My new horse is always hungry."
"NEVER FORGET"
"THE MANLIEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN!!!"
"THE manliest man of all time."
"As perfect as perfect gets."
"To the front page!"
"To the front page!"
"Hotboxing"
"All hope in humanity is lost [FB]"
"You can do it all by yo'self."
"Finals are approaching and..."
"During the summer  this is me..."
"I don't wanna work!"
"Work + Reddit"
"Uh-oh Elmo!"
"Carpooling? Never heard of that.."
"They see them rollin'."
"BUNNIES IN SWEATERS!!!"
"Tiger Mom got depressed and unhealthy when her cubs die shortly after birth  piggies dressed as tigers to the rescue!"
"Neil Degrasse Tyson is one cool motherfucker"
"TIL the continents can be rearranged to form a chicken"
"I've seen enough Hentia to know where this is going."
"Can someone tell me what the fuck is going on here?"
"me waving at a cute girl"
"Too excited."
"Derp dog!"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [Fixed]"
"Think Different"
"When I meet an idiot sometimes all I wanna say..."
"If i don't move they won't see me."
"the fuck?"
"He's wearing his lucky underwear!"
"When a clothing store doesn't carry my size."
"Some of those days..."
"Depressed cat is depressed"
"SAD KITTY IS SAD"
"Googled: &quot;I missed my cake day&quot; This captured my feelings exactly."
"Sparring."
"Vamana vs Vamana"
"HIFW when a good friend and I have a disagreement."
"What I picture when listening to people debate iPhone vs Android"
"A summary of the political debate"
"What I do with my notes after finals."
"Looking for something to post for my cakeday..."
"When my friends post reddit links to facebook..."
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"the most reposted gif on the internet"
"How I feel starting my homework on a weekend and then realizing there's no school the next day"
"Just finished Season 4..."
"How I feel after finishing my last final in College..."
"Downvoting a post back to zero"
"How I feel down voting a new post."
"How I feel that America is leading the Olympics in medals."
"And thus  a new meme was born."
"Incomparable levels of awesome."
"Dinoriders"
"How on Earth does this happen?"
"Obama on a Sk8board"
"Going For The Young Vote..."
"problem solved."
"How I feel about the huge fight between Redditors and F7U12 Mods."
"I spent the night watching my ex fighting with her new boyfriend on her Facebook wall"
"How I feel as an independent voter when election season comes around"
"But how does it stop!?"
"MRW someone mentions Waffle House after midnight"
"Turtles are kinda dicks sometimes.."
"University of Guelph Physics Prof  Performs as a sideshow act on the side called &quot;Monsters of Schlock&quot;"
"This subreddit lacks a sufficient amount of giraffes"
"Hermit crab inside of a glass see-through shell"
"So THAT'S what it would have been like"
"NYANYANYANYANYANYAN"
"It's super effective!"
"Go Home  Home...[repost]"
"Obama says &quot;No biggie!&quot;"
"my reaction to Obamas AMA"
"Surreal Reflections - Iceland [OC] [1200x800]"
"When I realized I missed my Cake Day karma"
"Stealing kids candy..."
"Stealing kids candy..."
"I think the time has come."
"How I feel walking into the wrong class"
"How I feel walking into the wrong class"
"Everytime I talk to a cute girl"
"Are you a....."
"Dubstep Dino"
"Reserve my spot in hell will you. Thanks."
"Epic fall"
"Epic Fall"
"Fuck"
"FUCK."
"I laughed much harder than necessary."
"Shut up and sleep with me"
"She'll be in shape in no time..."
"Cakeday + faceswap + cat + WTF = nothing and I'll prove it"
"Whenever I need a smile..."
"This is me too consumed on reddit to realize my cakeday was yesterday"
"What I look like trying to walk when my feet fall asleep after browsing Reddit for a few hours."
"&quot;Aww  doesn't he look cute?&quot;"
"Sea Pug"
"So my friend sent me a link after I bitched out of going to the gym with him..."
"This is how to party"
"Typical Saturday night"
"the effectiveness of posting comments on a post you disagree with"
"How I feel trying to get my post to the front page."
"How I imagine both sides feel about political debates recently"
"A Man of Mirrors"
"A suit made entirely out of mirrors"
"I wish this was me"
"Why cant this happen to me?"
"Reddit  do you even lift?"
"How I feel as a dog person on reddit(fixed)"
"The real reason Reddit has a liberal bias"
"If my friends say YOLO in my presence."
"... once you get into a serious drug collection  the tendency is to push it as far as you can."
"...what the hell is going on this time?"
"Your reaction to reading this comic:"
"When I have something funny to post  but can't think of a good title"
"all of us at midnight"
"After reading the necrophiliac AMA"
"Something I noticed..."
"Do i suck this bad?"
"Something's not right here."
"I don't care how many times this gif is reposted"
"You must be King Dodongo!"
"You know whats worse than an Asian driver?"
"we meet again"
"Sunrise Analemma"
"I see your thieving animal and I raise you a hood monkey..."
"You're Awesome"
"How I feel when I log onto facebook"
"Come in star command..."
"Just an Armadillo Lizard (Cordylus cataphractus)"
"How I feel browsing r/WTF"
"Badass cow"
"What you say?"
"You want some of this? - [4:55]"
"A spider magnified [X-Post from /r/WTF]"
"Common House Spider under 30x magnification"
"I don't care for these little guys  but he looks pretty cool."
"When I'm trying to pass the exam."
"Sitting at the dinner table while my friend's parents argue."
"Sitting at the dinner table while my friend's parents argue."
"What it's like being a lightweight during drinking games"
"How my contributions to the community seem to work..."
"Kenny  the Down Syndrome Tiger"
"Oh em gee."
"Force Will"
"Figured it was worth sharing."
"I see your vampire hedgehog  and you raise you this mexican hedgehog"
"Chewing this as a kid always made you feel cooler"
"Sometimes when I'm sad..."
"Sometimes I cut myself."
"North Korea launches rocket"
"Brooding goth pussy [SFW]."
"He heard Catnip was Half off"
"He's on his way to Catnip rehab"
"The old spicy keychain..."
"The more you look at it..."
"A thunderstorm over Crater Lake in Oregon [1247x900]"
"A thunderstorm over Crater Lake in Oregon"
"Rare double rainbow appears after a storm over Crater Lake"
"Shoot it was so close too!! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Every time I think about getting involved in /r/politics..."
"Playing Amnesia  and then I reached the storage room."
"When my roommate has deep conversations with his girlfriend back home and I'm still in the room"
"When I heard the word No and Fap in a sentence"
"Just cookin' for Christopher Walken"
"I could watch this all day."
"I look at this when I sign off my computer..."
"ATTN Students."
"WARMMMM!!!!!"
"Googled What's Going On and this came up"
"here comes the obnoxious"
"Reddit  While most of Northern NJ lost power during Sandy  My friend Zoe lost both of her parents. (More info in comments.)"
"I laughed harder than I probably should have..."
"You scratch my back..."
"My brain hurts..."
"How to tell the difference between Chinese and Japanese people - According the the US War Department."
"Every. Single. Upvote."
"Reddit  today I found out my dreams have come true. I'm going to be a father!"
"My ex-wife who cheated on me just got cheated on by her fiance."
"How I felt after doing well on a test I thought I bombed"
"When people come to mcdonalds and ask for a whopper"
"this is why i don't got to McDonald's anymore"
"All I could think about when playing through God of War 3"
"The Standard Creationist Explanation"
"Who won the race?"
"When my friend asked me  &quot;So how was the Breaking Bad permier?&quot;"
"I just saw The Watch  this was all I could think of."
"Theists vs. Atheists: Both Wrong"
"Who's behind karma on reddit?"
"My friend and I recently played a round of Counter Strike with a holy man who goes by the name of NaZ. NaZ  if you're out there this one's for you buddy."
"how i feel about being in the hospital for a month and missing all of October"
"Bigfoot."
"I asked my friend to get me excited about tonight's American Horror Story without spoiling it. This is what he sent me."
"So it's 1208 on my iPhone bit NYC ball drop says 3:30 till 2013. Oh yeah I down voted all 0s to -1 on rpics app."
"How to get karma on reddit"
"Awesome Dad left this note on my apartment door to make sure his son has the best halloween possible."
"The music would be amazing"
"WTF Would You Rather"
"Why not Zoidberg?"
"It's finally been decided...."
"I don't know what she was expecting"
"The four elements."
"Trying to cheer up my friends when they're down."
"When my girlfriends period starts"
"What the NPC's think..."
"It's not what it looks like  I swear!"
"Swagga like Mr. Rogers"
"30 second exposure of lightning during a lunar eclipse (x-post /r/ExposurePorn)"
"If you can't beat them  join them."
"I made a collection of Asian men giving the thumbs-up. Did I miss any?"
"Such a cute little koala.."
"My phone."
"How I feel when there is a &quot;When You See It...&quot; Post"
"WHAT puppy?!?"
"How i always start my games of Guess Who"
"Please  describe Mr. Wallace: what does he look like?"
"WTF  lucky catch? (Octopus eating a seagull.)"
"This aquatic-dragon-looking creature is actually a seagull being consumed by an octopus."
"Every time I get an upvote."
"Nobody puts baby in the corner."
"Friend of a friend is a sound designer on the upcoming movie Planes. Here he is at work."
"Sometimes..."
"When my boss gives me an assignment at 4PM on a Friday."
"When the serial code for an old game doesn't want to work."
"Realizing I only have a couple minutes left in my cakeday and I have no good post ideas"
"Real sobbing!"
"Please Stop Touching Me!"
"I don't think you're ready for this jelly  my body's too bootylicious for you babe."
"Just saw this on FB...not quite sure what to think of it."
"Sickest stage ever."
"I guess they really do get 'busy' at Hogwarts..."
"Have some class with those games."
"Exemplary Parenting..."
"Just taking my kid out for a walk"
"So I'm just scrolling through mu news feed  when suddenly;"
"Probably the best picture of Mohammed I've seen"
"HOLY CRAP"
"Googled &quot;Spiders&quot; and stumbled upon this. Nope!"
"Dude."
"It hit me like a truck."
"Vote Victor"
"OPERATION KINDER IS GO! DO YOUR PART!"
"One Of The Most Disturbing Things I've Seen On The Internet [X-Post from /r/MorbidReality"
"When I'm drunk at a party"
"The story of Oedipus"
"How he got his trumpet back..."
"Huh."
"How I drink my milk when I eat too much peanut butter"
"You're a big fat phony! *[FIXED]"
"How I feel eating or drinking after brushing."
"Redheads"
"Marching band surfing"
"Wait a minute..."
"I can't be the only one who sings this in the shower."
"Me  every morning after the alarm goes off"
"How I felt after driving past an extremely crowded Chick-fil-A on August 1st  2nd  AND 3rd."
"Playing hide and seek with cats"
"Something all girlfriends should know"
"don't be a rabbit abuser..."
"This dog looks board"
"Un-friendzoned [FB] [Fixed]"
"Friend-zone victory. One small step for man... One giant leap for mankind!"
"HE DID IT!!!"
"He Did It!!!"
"I laugh at this everytime"
"Waterfalls"
"Plitvice Waterfalls  Croatia"
"Welcome to Croatia."
"Bullet owl"
"Owl mid-flight."
"Elvis Bacon"
"wat."
"Danny Trejo and a Dove"
"The photo that made me join reddit."
"This image brought me to reddit and it never fails to cheer me up"
"Don't fuck with bears. This is why:"
"My buddy who works at a restaurant sent me this"
"Even &quot;The Peanuts&quot; are afraid of the zombie apocalypse"
"The Power of Glasses™"
"Deadpool is a dick"
"Wierd?"
"Googled catfish  and this came up..."
"Here kitty kitty..."
"Me when I hear the tornado siren."
"Amurrica  come to save the mothafuckin day..."
"Whenever I correct another Redditor."
"fuck you."
"they had a awesome night and made a awesome drawing..."
"Basically r/GoneWild."
"Well F*ck..."
"I love it when a plan comes together"
"SOON..."
"After I realize that I misspelled something in the Title"
"Finals"
"This is Britain [FIXED]"
"if you're feeling down  just remember ..."
"How i feel after finding out my crush is an atheist"
"I'd rather show THIS to some people."
"Every time I submit a post that gets down voted to shit"
"Just realized I have to get up everyday at 4AM for my new job."
"God will never dessert you"
"Batman's new stereo"
"Karma Whore"
"This photo captures the exact moment of a tank blast hitting four Syrian soldiers"
"The Moment a Tank Shell Hits in Aleppo"
"Tim Tebow's email account has been hacked. (Credit to Grantland)"
"Close call"
"when i see a comic with more than one page"
"Just giving the cat some exercise"
"Cat and the city"
"Philosoprator on Cougars"
"Upon reading that Mississippi voters killed the law that would've defined conception as the beginning of life"
"Looks like he slipped up"
"If a hipster hates you"
"God's Divine Plan?"
"when I see a person say their priest healed them"
"This hit me after reading Luke 18:27"
"Pissing off Catholics and Muslims at the same time"
"Remember this the next time you're at a funeral"
"Dad...Mom..."
"How I feel when I eat something sour."
"Some people just can't handle the sour."
"Aww shit"
"Dropping a grenade right next to a boat"
"Baby Asian Small-Clawed Otter"
"Duck"
"Works every time. Like a fire hose."
"wut"
"This symbolizes every single post i've made on reddit ever"
"Marty Poppins"
"My male friend told me he was a lesbian"
"How I felt when I realized I missed the Zeddie Little AMA"
"All the space missions!"
"50 Years of Space Exploration."
"Not suitable for LIFE."
"This is one unfortunately realistic painting."
"Would it be racist to call this racist?"
"Whoa."
"They told me I can be whatever I wanted."
"Redditor's coat"
"Straight dedication."
"I think this is an obese man giving birth."
"m or f"
"Just Batman and Robin..."
"Proud Momma"
"The moment I found out Brad Pitt was a true actor."
"Astounded Otter does not like surprises"
"When something on /r/WTF is actually WTF we should all feel like this."
"Amazing aerial Shot of the funtown pier  collapsed by the hurricane."
"The Redditverse"
"My friend made a sandwich today..."
"Emotional Scars"
"Invisible Scars"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haters gonna hate. Hard."
"A sadist's favorite aisle."
"They see me rollin'"
"They see me rollin' (x-post r/aww) - [4:04]"
"You have the right to remain dog"
"They see me rollin"
"Sorry Bin Laden."
"A new way to utilize hamburger buns."
"Link was most attractive in Skyward Sword."
"Quite like the old fashioned fold-chairs myself."
"It may be my first year cake day here but...am I doing this right?"
"Birds [pic]"
"Flying birds create smile in the air."
"W. T. F. DWIGHT?"
"In T-5...4...3..."
"one week from today will be my first day as a full teacher"
"Someone has to save the poor guy."
"I like my popcorn a bit burnt."
"&quot;Hyperdontia&quot; - Fake... but still made me &quot;WTF&quot;"
"Don't look it directly in the eyes.."
"Why would anyone would take the time to make this?"
"Taco so good"
"I think this gif belongs here"
"this made me laugh more than i should have"
"Man kills dog after it bites off his penis he had covered in peanut butter. He was arrested when found to be fisting the dog's anus."
"Amputees participate in an orgy"
"A 13 year-old girl's vagina after losing her virginity"
"Nopelers."
"I give you the worlds cutest fox."
"What?"
"what?"
"When somebody tries to talk to me in the morning"
"Been running for just over 2 years now"
"I forgot my stopwatch was still running."
"I may have left it running for a bit."
"Last picture I got of my iPhone stopwatch before iOS 6 deleted it"
"America !"
"An Awesome Tiny House"
"Can you guess all the Nintendo characters?"
"I don't know if this has been on here or not  I don't care. What. the. fuck."
"Picture of a 747 carrying Space Shuttle Endeavour  taken from the passenger window of a C9 Pathfinder [x-post from r/spaceporn]"
"Well good sir  I do say this is a fine day for a sparring match."
"This is so sad.."
"A Boy and his pet"
"This man was struck by lightening and the scar is amazing  albeit tragic. Known as a Lichtenberg scar."
"She's right!"
"catwoman predicted the weather"
"Wrong neighborhood"
"How I imagine No Fap September enthusiasts"
"My friend sent me this picture and told me to stare at it until I get it..."
"Anybody remember this one?"
"How QWOP was made"
"How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb?"
"How i imagine the doctor going about life"
"Random mode on imgur finally came through for me."
"Poor dog..."
"OH SHIT! haha - poor dog"
"Checkmate  atheists... [x-post from r/classic4chan]"
"Make-Up Artist Portfolio (before and after shots) from r/makeupaddiction"
"How I feel when anon posts about a ?/10 girlfriend. Like you even have one."
"Dafuq?"
"Kumar couldn't understand why no one would shake his hand."
"Garf-eel."
"That's not even your heart!"
"Please let it be true"
"The perfect girlfriend"
"How i feel browsing /new"
"I sparkle"
"I'm doing good..."
"what did i just find..."
"4chan compared to the rest of the internet"
"well there goes that dream..."
"well there goes that dream..."
"Success!"
"Disney's Promise"
"Oh Disney  you crafty SOBs..."
"Anyone else notice this?"
"My mind is seriously blown after seeing this connection between Disney's &quot;The Lion King&quot; and &quot;Hercules&quot;"
"Whenever reddit goes down for 'scheduled maintenance'"
"What I do whenever Reddit goes down."
"The DEERly departed"
"Being drunk on reddit"
"When I found a bottle of vodka I had forgotten about"
"last name: ever. first name: greatest"
"My reaction when my history Prof said we'd watch Monty Python as an example of the English feudal system"
"A dialogue I would never get tired of."
"I am captain!"
"Googled &quot;so American it hurts&quot; was not dissapointed"
"We kill the batman"
"Just a Lake in Norway."
"A pristine lake  Norway [1280x840]"
"Who I wish did the commentary for the Olympics"
"Segway like a Sir"
"What I feel like every time my prof gives me a ridiculous homework assignment."
"When British people tell me their version of TV shows are always better"
"My recation to the new Snow White and the Huntsman"
"How I feel when people tell me I shouldnt smoke"
"Reddit  I heard you like owls."
"Jayne. The owl they call Jayne."
"Ermahgerd"
"Terrifying"
"The last thing Osama Bin Laden saw"
"OM NOM NOM"
"Nom nom nom!"
"Happy Birthday Jesus!"
"Birthday Skeleton [Not my content but I found it really funny  does anyone have any material similar?]"
"and a one and a two..."
"Me dancing at my upcoming wedding..."
"And a one  and a two..."
"Strawbs."
"Scariest dog I've ever seen"
"P. Diddy baffled..."
"Popped up on my Facebook feed. Any idea where I can find one ?"
"I say!"
"I fucking love cocaine."
"Why I love Winnie the Pooh"
"r/funny has officially turned into one of two things. A forwarded email from my mom  or a forwarded email from my 6 year old nephew."
"When it's my birthday IRL"
"Can not unsee."
"Big Tex Burns Down at Texas State Fair"
"A devastating day to all Texans. Everyone's favorite cowboy engulfed in flames"
"Big Tex's Final Moments"
"I've tried to submit original content. I give up. Here some more nonsense to muddy the water."
"Feeding time!"
"Forever alone."
"&quot;Look dude  funniest think ever !&quot;"
"My friend and his daughter dressed as a Work Loader from Aliens."
"Drink up!"
"Buzz Lightyear is all for Kids..."
"Does anyone play an instrument? [FIXED]"
"When pretty much any girl wears yoga pants..."
"My favourite gif."
"Hey Reddit  what are your best GIFs to response to anyone's question/comments? heres mine."
"reddit"
"Reddit Gold"
"If I can get these two to meet..."
"full circle"
"perfection!"
"This was planned for the karma."
"Found these to links on my computer. I upvoted them."
"Two redditors at Dave and busters"
"reddit is a small world after all."
"You guys should be friends."
"I wonder which redditor it could have b... Oh  great."
"...im sure it's a coincidence"
"How convenient for you two"
"Looks like you guys found each other!"
"Love it when this sort of thing happens"
"i hope they saw this."
"Probably a coincidence"
"The only way the religious should protest a blasphemous film [x-post from r/ireland]"
"Well look  there is an I in team afterall"
"I'm in tears"
"It's Your Birthday"
"H.A.M"
"a kitty kneading dough has never been so precious"
"My face when I'm &quot;listening&quot; to my girlfriend complain about work (x-post from r/pics)"
"Gandalf Likes"
"What is Gandalf?"
"Buckaroo Gandalf"
"The Fresh Wizard Of Middle Earth"
"Bad rock."
"Every time I try to shake ketchup out of the bottle"
"every time i use a glass ketchup bottle"
"Does this happen to anyone else?"
"What I imagine tomorrow will be like"
"Dog sledding"
"Yakety Dog Sledding"
"My favorite meme combo in honor of Halloween week"
"Alton Brown is making all our dreams come true"
"Nice armor"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"A normal headline ...."
"How I feel every Sunday."
"I'll protect you."
"Every fucking time..."
"Sieg Heil Bitches!"
"Searched &quot;how to make the front page&quot;  struck gold"
"Panda Slide"
"I laughed harder than I should have"
"It seems that I've wondered into the strange part of the interwebs"
"Noticing today was my cakeday."
"Soon"
"Came down the stairs pretty quickly and found this.."
"My life in a nutshell."
"Every Damn Time I Post on Reddit..."
"Me trying to ask a girl out on a date"
"Where the hood at"
"History of Mac Gaming"
"Reddit is so cute"
"Tap me on the shoulder or something"
"Just about sums it up"
"Everything DOES happen for a reason."
"Did homosexuality kill off the dinosaurs?"
"A friend on facebook posted this not sure if serious or joke"
"Let my friend borrow my fragile headset  my reaction when he blamed me for breaking it"
"My response to the make-up vs. no make-up post..."
"Watching the 2012 RNC Convention"
"(Spoiler) My reaction to Walter saying he's &quot;out&quot;"
"I've been seeing alot of these lately...starting to wonder what kind of &quot;people&quot; make up the internet...."
"NOBODY KNOWS YOU'RE A HORSE LIME"
"'Cuz the power your supplying  Its electrifying."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"yo girl  i got somethin' for ya"
"So dogs can be bestial rapists too..."
"they hittin some turbulence"
"Best gif I've seen in a while!"
"Look Daddy  I'm a unicorn!"
"uhhh (NSFW)"
"I was playing Imgur Roulette....I'll just leave this here."
"My ex wants to do this. Glad she's my ex."
"Hey baby  give me a kiss!"
"This was Mussolini's real evil lair. Why didn't I learn about this in history class?"
"The headquarters of Benito Mussolini and the Italian Facist party in the 1930's"
"Never Forget."
"Only 650000000BC kids will get this!"
"Never forget."
"Seems like a fun guy"
"Finally  I can get on board with yolo"
"What cats dream of"
"Cat leap"
"Graceful Leap Slap"
"When the car has been washed  then you have my permission..."
"Shakespeare and Co. bookstore in Paris"
"How i feel browsing /r/new"
"I'm a bus"
"I can't get over how much I love this gif"
"One of my favorite gifs"
"At least there isn't much farther to go"
"Most important thing to think about today."
"After venturing into r/spacedicks."
"Build Dare (cazy ass building in kuwait"
"They'll light a fire under your ass."
"Personally  I prefer Jolteon."
"this beautiful creature must die"
"Romney's Underwear are Chinese Counterfeits"
"Happy 22nd birthday Deacon!!!"
"Rugby team at my school gives the rookies haircuts before their first match  this one was called shit head.."
"Thats a shitty haircut."
"Polar Bear Attack"
"French Fry?"
"Math Blaster: the bane of my childhood existence."
"Sprinkles"
"Netanyahu of Israel told the U.N. today that Iran’s ability to build a nuke will be irreversible by next year. He &quot;argued that a 'clear red line' must be drawn&quot;. Thank god he brought diagrams."
"Netanyahu Learned MS Paint..."
"Benjamin Netanyahu reveals some top-secret Israeli intelligence at the UN."
"My baby twin sea otters"
"I'm Jesus  Bitch"
"I felt very  very small - Neil Armstrong"
"so much wtf"
"dane cook's career"
"When it's dead silent at night and you're looking for food in the kitchen.."
"So kawaii~"
"Who the fuck would make this? I don't even.."
"Every damn time!"
"Paris"
"Ay  sexy lady"
"First attempt"
"Disco Music"
"MRW I realized today is my cake day."
"One of my favorite GIFs. I have more fun than I should."
"seen on my facebook news feed"
"Whenever I get the blue shell in mario kart"
"Elephant prosthesis"
"How I felt after buying my first Mechanical Keyboard (xpost from /r/hardware)"
"Railroad tunnel"
"Look deeply into my eyes"
"Roadworker's coffee break"
"I think I'll just stand  but thanks"
"have a seat..."
"I wanna milk you all over..."
"Professor Oak!?!"
"How i feel joining reddit and not having photoshop  MS Paint  computer skills  nice pictures  original ideas  or clever comments."
"wait for it..."
"And yet  here we are..."
"When you've misplaced your phone"
"How I feel every time there's an election."
"Found this on my friends Facebook  get well soon"
"Asking for head from you GF"
"Shot of Sandy approaching New York"
"Damnit! He's onto us!"
"And this is why I hate my dentist"
"My new favorite diva"
"...or a muppet"
"BUUUUURRNN!!!!"
"Hurricane Shanaynay"
"As if the name &quot;Woody&quot; wasn't bad enough."
"Kung Fu Fighting"
"Don't watch for too long  it makes you a little nauseated..."
"Who said it: Mitt Romney or Mr. Burns?"
"Mario does not give a fuck"
"The Original Pokemon Master[FIXED]"
"My reaction to people who downvote my posts followed by outcome"
"Martian Sunrise"
"make up your mind"
"Target Acquired."
"Just mfw browsing GW"
"Does anyone know whereabouts this beautiful photo was taken?"
"How it feels going through reddit on a bad day"
"textbook family.."
"Hey guys  look what I found in a nearby volcano."
"It took God 7 days to make earth  I can't imagine how many trillions of years it took him to make the rest of this."
"The Observable Universe (Click image to zoom in)"
"Sorry if re-post but glad to see this today"
"Sandy? I'll Drink to That"
"Why  Just Why? Pigeon Costume"
"My Precious!!"
"I have to admit I didn't see him either"
"I know I am small  but I have a big personality."
"I'd pick him up for sure."
"Evil Otter"
"I'm gonna do one..."
"Just realized ive been on reddit for 11 months. this is how I imagine my first cake day going."
"Not sure if midget or footlong."
"When i turned 16"
"How I feel when someone tells me to get a job."
"This gif is damn near my reaction to every time someone asks me why I don't have a 'real job' yet."
"Freshman Kitty Is Ready For His first Day of High School"
"How I feel about all the Chuck Testa posts"
"Not even trying"
"The Circle of Life"
"Probably the best Craigslist ad ever"
"This man knows how to sell a car"
"What I think of when I hear something about that Gangnam Style song..."
"Firefox! CHROME! .....internet explorer?"
"I think this sums it up quite nicely (not sure if re-post)"
"Tried my hand at imgur roulette. Think I found gold."
"The Dance of My People"
"Dance doggy dance."
"They see me rollin... (gif)"
"The Cutest Gif i've Seen (Repost)"
"OMG Kitten! Yes.. Kitten.. reddit.."
"I see you tried to drop drawn ninjas on me huh"
"Why I browse Reddit..."
"YAY! Awwww. YAY!! Awwwww."
"I like it rough."
"Told my girlfriend I was gonna frame this and put it on my wall as a joke. She hasn't texted me back..."
"Remember the old family cat you thought &quot;ran away&quot;?.... It didnt"
"It's so fluffy!"
"My only reply to  &quot;How was the cheesecake?&quot; [GIF]"
"At Dawn.."
"i am the liquor"
"Shit. Just realized it's 11:11 and just realized it's my reddit birthday. Here  have a cute animal."
"Wendy's Sonnnnnnnnnn."
"Just some words from Woody Allen"
"Woody Allen gets it"
"Aging Backwards [fixed]"
"Worst Daughter Ever [FB]"
"How I feel when I get a text from a girl..."
"My reaction to seeing my boyfriend's porn collection..."
"When I open the oven to remove my pizza."
"My reaction to my Karma going up 50 in a day."
"When I found out my college roommate from Korea went to a PSY concert over the summer."
"Firing an M1911 underwater. [1543x949]"
"Firing a handgun underwater"
"Scrolling  scrolling scrolling... HEY!"
"Exactly what I would do if Jessica Alba licked my finger."
"Well.. That escalated quickly.."
"Well.....this was unexpected....."
"Proof"
"I thought my friend was christian  but then he posted this."
"When you're listening to your favorite song and think no one's watching you"
"Ride my pony"
"How I feel after I win a $5 lottery ticket."
"Destination Uknown"
"I Guess It's Moooving Day"
"How not to transport a cow."
"How Not To Transport A Cow."
"GOD BLESS TEXAS!!"
"Taking the cow for a ride."
"Dubai"
"The perfect way to complete that Jesus riding a dinosaur costume"
"What rain looks from a plane"
"Rain storm viewed from a plane"
"I searched for &quot; how to be cool&quot; on Google and found this....."
"Flash? Spider-Man? Why?"
"Found my new favorite gif"
"The first time I ever saw boobs on the internet"
"&quot;Oh I'm sorry we actually just ran out of guacamole.&quot;"
"Okay  I'm out of here"
"My Mother's view of my childhood spending on Pokemon cards  Yu Gi Oh cards  Beyblades  etc."
"Shut up and..."
"Mt. Everest [1920x1080]"
"Worst Placed Drinking Fountain [FIXED]"
"Bad ass bird."
"OH SHI... God I'm a pussy"
"Me  waiting for Forbes response to The Oatmeal's response to Forbes rebuttal of The Oatmeal's Tesla comic."
"It's lunch time"
"So a baby seal walks into a bar... The bartender asks &quot;What'll you have to drink?' The seal responds &quot;Anything but a Canadian Club on the rocks&quot;"
"Every time I wash a spoon."
"A mother from Shenzhen  China  has shaved numbers into the heads of her 6-year-old sons to help teachers differentiate them"
"Check out this girls classy boots."
"crazy 3D sketch"
"5 dollars from Gryffindor"
"Found this in my change. It's a sign...Snape's alive!"
"Albino baby panda x-post r/pics"
"Seen in NJ... heartwarming"
"The best tactic"
"What should I do?"
"Ouch."
"I'm getting mixed signals!"
"I can only imagine how much fun my boyfriend would have with this."
"I have the same reaction When ever this song plays"
"Nobody move! I dropped my nut."
"look at me"
"I wonder who he's voting for."
"I wonder who this guy is voting for..."
"Fly high!"
"I'm an American"
"This has probably been done  but ain't it the truth"
"Still makes me laugh after all this time!"
"My favorite Far Side comic"
"Brazil has been doing some remodeling."
"What the people in the house or horrors were seeing"
"Fooling Around With GifSound When I Made This"
"So the truffle shuffle DOES have a purpose!"
"Monkey Faced Orchid"
"Alison Brie holding a kitten. Choo choo!"
"Good thing some one is in there to help her look!"
"William Grant  skatin' like a boss  1782"
"BFFS at the water fountain"
"The current state of r/WTF"
"Don't Fuck With This Koala"
"Logically  this koala is a cool guy."
"Meanwhile  in Scotland.."
"Man standing on a pile of American Bison heads back in the 1870's."
"A big pile of Buffalo skulls in the 1870s"
"Mt. Rainier casting a shadow on an overcast sky"
"you....fuck you (Idiocracy)"
"Cool pic"
"Well that's pretty damn terrifying."
"So that's where it comes from..."
"Whenever someone complains about the way I do something and fixes it without being asked."
"A bright Hong Kong night"
"Dem eyes"
"soup guise rate me pls no h8."
"Photo I took of the Chicago skyline from a beach in Indiana."
"Mashup of r/wallpaper and /r/nocontext pics for my cakeday."
"A dump I've been working on for my cakeday. A /r/wallpaper and /r/nocontext WTF mashup."
"Chicago skyline as seen from Indiana"
"So I skyped for the first time last night  and I had this problem."
"Delicious delicious karma"
"Boulder Colorado"
"Spontaneous Wingman of the Year [fb]"
"What being downvoted feels like."
"Nobody saw that..."
"Sounds like a bargain!"
"How I feel about karma"
"Kanye West and Kim Kardashian in 20 years [Fixed]"
"This creeped me out more then it should have"
"Excuse me  sir..."
"How I feel when Talking to other College Kids"
"Oh Colbert"
"Still my favorite Colbert"
"Ladies"
"When I approach a hot girl at the bar"
"My hero..."
"When I receive my paycheck"
"Just found &quot;Incognito Window&quot; option."
"Acid Cat"
"Still an animal [gif+sound]"
"Trippy Kitty"
"I swear I'll slap you so super hard"
"I never asked for this."
"Kitty loves being tossed"
"How I watch a porno."
"Was that a leg?"
"Stay on the sidewalk... [NSFW/NSFL]"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"In a legitimate pushing  your body would shut out all the water!"
"RIP Jerry Nelson"
"Snoop has got Halloween covered"
"Shaved Bear......"
"This guy's gonna get cold come winter..."
"Shaved bear looks like a rat."
"Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear..."
"Fuck...that takes BALLS!!!"
"This has all just been terrible misunderstanding"
"OMFG you guys "
"15 MB Hard Drive for only $2495. Limited offer. What a bargain!"
"15 Megabyte Hard Disk Drive."
"Popeye the sailor."
"Every five minutes on CNN"
"Don't worry  he's got a helmet.."
"maybe we should have kept the training wheels on.."
"Some people lack patience.."
"Cutest puppy I've ever seen"
"Crime fighting ready."
"Reddit in a Nutshell"
"How you know it's finals time."
"The best way to get my homework done..."
"Oh god  it really IS the end of the world!"
"This is the most depressing and horrifying thing I have ever seen. I think I need to get out more."
"Yep  a very productive Friday afternoon on the Eastern seaboard"
"Pythagorean Theorem"
"Ireland"
"Just look at it!"
"I thought I would never find someone I know on GW. Well five minutes ago...."
"Whenever I understand a pun"
"I googled kitten  this is what came up..."
"Doing a research paper  how the f*** did I get here!?!??"
"Beware vodk drinking dwarfs..."
"No  can't say I have..."
"Water Drops"
"Nuclear water"
"Racist?"
"When I see a bad street performer"
"whenever I don't get a reply from a text message."
"How I feel after a girl unfriended me on facebook just because I commented something friendly on her status"
"I just made my first reddit post  and someone commented!"
"In case you forgot how big whales were"
"Well this puts things into perspective for me."
"like a bauss"
"Summary of today's Obama AMA"
"The moment you finish taking the SAT."
"A &quot;Same Height Party&quot;. Seems like it could be the basis for a Far Side cartoon."
"The WHAT Kingdom!? o.0"
"Brilliant dating advice."
"that's how I imagine it would go"
"How I felt after I accidentally pasted the url in the title space"
"How I feel making a guy orgasm...response to reversed post"
"Father and son"
"SPLASHING!"
"He's always watching..."
"God is watching us..."
"Every post in r/wtf"
"Maybe she doesn't quite belong in r/aww"
"Googled my username  WTF."
"A lesson for little boys and girls."
"So I found out i was dating my 2nd cousin my sophomore year.... Our reaction when we found out we were related."
"The life of an elf."
"Apparently  no one is safe."
"We have a serious problem..."
"I could watch this for hours - Imgur"
"When I logged on to see all the manatee posts"
"Climbing to the the top rope when suddenly  chair shot."
"Like those old automatic piggy banks..."
"Cat-caine."
"A little poem for y'all. (I apologize if this is a repost)"
"Just about how legitimate these shark photos in NJ are"
"How I feel as Muslim when I hear about what is going on in the Middle East"
"My reaction to realizing I just reached 4k comment karma.."
"How it feels after missing out on my first cakeday."
"piggy bank"
"Wait. What?"
"How Casey Anthony's Trial Should Have Gone"
"Uproarious Mitt's a homophope."
"Get the London look"
"Whenever I dress nice."
"In 1998  George Lucas sent this to James Cameron when Titanic dethroned Star Wars from top of box-office earnings."
"Boop"
"Boop!"
"Boop"
"**poke**"
"This is how I feel when I upvote things."
"Amazing Acoustic Guitar Tattoo"
"What doesn't kill me"
"OHEMGEE FLOWERSSS"
"Am I doing this right?"
"My Favorite gif"
"I'mma firin' mah..."
"Breaking Ned"
"Pokemon cosplay"
"I wanted a Pokemon eating cake I got Pikachu eating a child."
"Gets me all the time"
"What the Police ?"
"Let me show you my moves"
"Time for lunch!"
"Virginia Beach  Va: Beware! Godzilla Cometh!"
"The origin of Hurricane Sandy"
"Why can't I stop laughing?"
"Something about this makes me want to frolic"
"Board Games"
"Watching My Parents Use The Internet"
"In Russia  protester pepper spray police."
"In the Ukraine protesters mace the police."
"In Ukraine  protesters mace the Police"
"Found this in the comments of an r/radiohead post. I'll share with you guys."
"This bacon's a little wet..."
"does reddit like piglets?"
"I have no words (x-post from r/gifs)"
"ouch  it hurts the brain... but cannot stop watching [gif]"
"Mind Blowing"
"Ash's solution to cancer."
"eating ramen LIKE A BOSS"
"When a totally random person insults someone you hate. [Fixed]"
"Hey horsey  GIDDYUP!"
"Team Fortress: Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny"
"Little Friend"
"Little Friend"
"Badassery."
"I actually found something of interest on Facebook!"
"Whenever I give my girlfriend oral sex. [FIXED]"
"Worlds most accurate pie chart"
"Tired of political pie charts? Here is the only pie chart that matters."
"Niels Bohr with Albert Einstein"
"Sonic always was faster...."
"How I imagine every Meshuggah concert to be"
"Kitten likes being scared"
"Difference between cats and dogs"
"Dog's Diary vs. Cat's Diary"
"I cant even say the alphabet"
"my inspiration"
"Take that!"
"The eye of Hurricane Katrina"
"Thought this looked cool  Inside a hurricane's eye"
"I need this in my life...................... STAT."
"Seriously?"
"What was going through my mind when my girlfriend gave me my first handjob"
"On reddit I saw a couple of angry birds picture now I give you a really badass one"
"I Hate My Bladder"
"Happens to me every night"
"You're fucking weird  Jesus."
"You're fucking weird  Jesus."
"Well  I'm motivated."
"Funny ad for gym in England"
"Uh.. . Yes  thank you?"
"Doesn't that strike you as suspicious?"
"My zombie survival plan"
"My zombie survival plan"
"police brutality at its finest  not saying she didn't have it coming though"
"Boom"
"I don't believe in global warming."
"In 1999: imagine all the karma."
"That's a long face plant [midget gif]"
"Fuck you  I'm a dog."
"Nailed it."
"My first. It was an awesome concept"
"Still my favourite Cyanide &amp; Happiness comic"
"When you're opening a Reese's cup and the paper decides to be a jerk (x-post from r/pics)"
"Unreal Candy has fixed the Reeses problem. And it's made from REAL ingredients. (mostly from small time farmers) The end product  which I purchased at Target is absolutely delicious!"
"Not one fuck was given"
"Everytime my girlfriend says she got her period"
"How I looked doing Zumba for the first time."
"Best. Metaphor. Ever."
"alien invasion"
"Bad Luck Brian's Left Over Halloween Candy"
"Supercell Thunderstorm"
"How I feel on Twitter right now"
"How I felt looking at all the posts on facebook at 11 PM after the debate was over"
"Last year at College  finally got my own room..."
"How i felt browsing the internet today"
"50 Shades of Hay"
"Taking horsewhips to a whole new level"
"I would buy it if they would make it again."
"When someone points a flash light in my face after my eyes have adapted to the dark"
"The misunderstood teenage dog"
"This dog knows how to live free"
"Saw this in my news feed  still laughing."
"If dogs were fonts"
"She is so beautiful."
"Never ending cat fail"
"Abra Kadabra"
"Whale"
"FOUND: Stop Girl video from a different angle!"
"MFW people post things on here about rape."
"Reminds me of my ex after we had sex..."
"This dog reminds me of Sheldon Cooper..."
"For Seal..."
"For Seal"
"These two.. would have dated..."
"a neighborhood full of redditors"
"I've decided these are four of Reddit's favorite things."
"Reddit neighborhood watch"
"everytime i find a good comment string on reddit"
"My reaction when I hear my friend is getting back with his crazy ex."
"Whenever I see &quot;meanwhile in Japan&quot;"
"WTF Jesus..."
"Always remember this..."
"Is someone bothering you?"
"Louis CK on masturbation Forgive me if repost"
"How I feel after our government increased the exam point limits by 5%"
"Seriously  guys?"
"/r/atheism lately"
"how i feel when I post to the wrong subreddit"
"My thoughts on the latest controversy du jour"
"CS:GO Picard"
"How I feel as a colorblind redditor"
"What I was thinking today."
"After watching everyone disguise their gifts...."
"My feelings about the front page recently"
"Close enough"
"&quot;Yeah  that's the spot&quot;"
"dafuq"
"Cheetah chasing gazelle"
"How I feel getting down-voted into oblivion."
"Did they just become best friends? I think so."
"Too. Much. Cuteness."
"Chimp feeding a tiger cub"
"Here's a picture of a chimpanzee feeding a baby tiger"
"Chimpanzee feeding a baby tiger"
"Don't hurt me"
"Disapproving Bird"
"How to tuck in your....WHAT?"
"DIY: Temporarily convert your penis to a vagina! (NSFW)"
"When they put too much mayo on my subway"
"A collection of 40+ of my favorite GIFs"
"When my wife has already seen something I find on Reddit"
"Whenever one of my Facebook friends has their account &quot;hacked.&quot;"
"When the person I introduced to reddit has 10 times my karma in two weeks"
"How I try to act watching my girlfriend play video games..."
"Watching my girlfriend play any sort of videogame"
"Pt allergy information: Haldol; Current Medication List: Haldol"
"The only original content I have to give"
"I Really hope he gets better."
"I was channel surfing when..."
"Googled Lemon Dick  Did Not Dissapoint"
"My name is James Tiberius Kirk"
"Big finish!"
"Hmmm...I think they're breaking up."
"When the phone rings and I'm on the toilet"
"To every mosquito in my room"
"To the fly that has been buzzing around my room the past few nights."
"Whenever a feather sticks out of my pillow but I can't find it."
"So I was doing some research on the Chernobyl disaster when I found THIS little guy"
"Irish Girl Sunbathing"
"How I spend my Friday nights..."
"Party Hard"
"headbangers ball"
"Is this &quot;Fair Use&quot; [xpost from r/art] not mine"
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"I honestly can't think of a witty title for this..."
"Oh Harry you dog."
"Disney just bought Lucasfilm"
"Gangsters in Space!"
"SPAAAAAAAAACE"
"Point of no return."
"Still one of my favorite pictures on the internet."
"Why you should always sleep with a Teddy bear"
"Mr. Potter..."
"What the fuck man?"
"Head lick"
"I was trying to get to some boxes when I found this gem"
"Must...fit...in...mouth"
"Big cola"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"For the love of God....WHY?"
"this would sure stop their picketing  eh?"
"This would a good start for Westboro Baptist Church."
"I saw this on Facebook  I think we should help"
"Around and around."
"The Original Pedobear"
"River House"
"WE SO EXCITED!"
"Capri-Sun"
"I'll definitely try this next time someone is choking."
"&quot;Hey  llama! It's rude to chew with your mouth open.&quot;"
"I'm watching you"
"Harder... NOT SO HARD!"
"Well  this just makes everything worse"
"Snorlax goes gangsta"
"Fox down. I repeat  Fox is down."
"25 Different Drugs. 25 Self-Portraits."
"RAAAWR!"
"Finally! A Way to Quit Reddit!"
"The more you stare..."
"The url fits quite well"
"This dog is genius"
"Pretty good Facebook find - Halloween? Go as a car seat!!"
"How it feels as high school student  who yet didn't finish AP summer work  and going to school tomorrow"
"Play time's over..."
"That's it! I'm done!"
"Trippin..."
"Gimme! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"How my first post went."
"Posting Unpopular Opinions on Reddit"
"A friend just sent me this saying that it would be &quot;Ridiculously fun to kill yourself there&quot;."
"This game is the reason I hated my brother growing up."
"still waiting patiently for the sequel..."
"Dude that's totally aweso...wut?"
"The Highly Anticipated Sequel"
"What it feels like to receive that first downvote"
"Just chillin..."
"When one of my posts does well."
"Dear God!!!!"
"This just popped up on my FB feed. Poster called it a dick fish... Anyone know the real name?"
"Could any zoologists  marine biologists  etc please tell me wtf this is!?"
"Truth (repost from r/funny)"
"truth in a Chinese store's window"
"Sleepy"
"Me in my first statistics class"
"Slenderman  the basketball player!"
"Googled &quot;Slender Man&quot;"
"go ahead call the cops"
"Sniper! Get down!"
"You have something right... oh never mind I'll get it"
"Your ear tastes nice"
"What the..."
"I wish I had this as a child/my children will have this."
"For my cakeday  here is my favorite gif"
"This makes me laugh way more than it should"
"Thank you Skittles"
"Touch the Rainbow"
"Let's touch the rainb...oh god."
"The future starts now!"
"As a black guy in a predominantly white suburb of Chicago  I could use one of these"
"Now that we've established that Anderson Cooper is the protector of all children  can we please get him to do something about this?"
"OOO YEAH!!"
"Still my favorite gif"
"Taken DBZ"
"How I feel when my nephew takes my phone and he has sticky fingers"
"Karma!"
"Cake day karma"
"Seeing pizza after a workout."
"I googled &quot;wtf&quot; -- this was on page 2"
"Gallery of awesome Halloween costumes from Redditors"
"This popped up on my Facebook titled &quot;The new Slenderman&quot;"
"Check out my awesome leaf!"
"My first day of college is Monday. I'm 30..."
"How I feel as the heir to a hotel empire trying to prove to my dad I'm not an idiot."
"The Okinawa Churaumi is the world’s second largest aquarium  in Motobu  Okinawa  Japan."
"Snoop Dogg Millionaire"
"This still makes me laugh"
"Im gonna crumb!!!"
"Well I guess its better?"
"Tell the truth  you never wanted me. Tell me..."
"Testing a bulletproof vest in 1923"
"Too Soon?"
"Me playing Minecraft for the first time in a while after multiple updates."
"Every time I check out a new texture pack in Minecraft."
"Sweet dreams y'all"
"I hate going to hardcore shows because everybody dances like this"
"How I feel when a wild pokemon attacks me."
"This is how everyone starting school tomorrow feels..."
"Me trying to open memes on the front page."
"When i found out that i might not get social security when i get old."
"One very lucky person... oh and one unlucky person"
"Like A Boss."
"What the ... I don't even ..."
"Level level:level"
"Look who got the last laugh after all."
"I see your coyote in a grill  and raise you some cow in a grill"
"How I reacted to my friend getting on the front page after only being a redditor for 14 days"
"You'd think I would've picked up on the pattern by now."
"This is really starting to get old  you'd think I'd recognize the pattern by now."
"a funny gif"
"Middle Class to Obama and Romney: We're glad you love us  but can you give us what we really want?"
"You feel me Rombama?"
"My life"
"CARS ONLY"
"epic Red Ranger"
"When I read all over the news that Taylor Swift and Conor Kennedy broke up"
"My reaction when someone says &quot;So I googled ______ and this popped up&quot;"
"Japanese wrestling... love it."
"Japanese Wrestling... love it"
"You might be a redneck if..."
"How my friend makes lunch for the office. Like a Boss."
"LPT: How to cook hot dogs at the office"
"&quot;Its complicated&quot;"
"When I say that I like dogs better than cats"
"Every time I think &quot;I'm gonna get so much karma for this!!&quot;..."
"Aliens"
"Elite pilots looking badass in front of a U2 bomber."
"Played minigolf this week  this was my strategy"
"Giving my gf head."
"You know you like it."
"Drug Control is Ridiculous"
"Reddit on memes"
"After going to a Memorial Day BBQ without sunscreen on."
"My feelings after being the first one to comment on a friend's engagement status change"
"Decided to watch Step Brothers with my parents and younger sister."
"How I felt opening a NSFW link in my 300 person lecture class."
"For my first cake day  I decided it was time to bite the bullet and finally visit r/spacedicks."
"How indeed."
"Dear Athetits ..."
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA"
"Best...car ride...EVER"
"So Phresh"
"How it feels to be the first one to post new\original content on Reddit"
"Here's a photo of my dog eating some food we made him for his birthday!"
"Dog enjoying a birthday dinner"
"I think we all know that feeling"
"EVERY TIME I get on /b/."
"Glass"
"It's called fashion; look it up"
"The Anne Frank Time Travel Conspiracy (xpost from r/4chan)"
"That TV guide description of Wizard of Oz wasn't too far off"
"It's not the establishment she's disrespecting. It's the families of the fallen."
"Slenderman has really sunk low to get his $20"
"food fight"
"The Cookie Cup"
"Edible cookie coffee cup"
"Just when you thought things couldn't get any worse."
"I've found several different pictures of monsters attacking during the hurricane. Can this be a meme?"
"Godzilla on News 1"
"OMG! updated picture from the east coast hurricane!"
"Me 3 days into NO FAP September...."
"Ballwashers"
"Obama  Jay-Z and Beyonce. Just a nice photo."
"Mah nigga"
"A few people just chattin'"
"All I could think leaving Dark Knight Rises (no spoilers)"
"How I feel after watching the first 3 minutes of a porno"
"My reaction to Handlebars by Flobots"
"A redditors Kama Sutra"
"what wat what wat wat"
"What do we say to the Java update?"
"In the words of Syrio Forel [REPOST]"
"The moment Reddit invades Pinterest."
"Another J Bieber song? Sure! Just let me take my instrument."
"Bitch didn't move."
"I...don't know."
"Makes you wonder"
"If the Christian God is the true god it cannot be a perfect God."
"Looks Bouncy."
"I want one."
"I don't know why I made this..."
"Oh Flanders..."
"Pasheeno"
"Michael Scott and Toby"
"Favorite line from The Office"
"It's how she rolls."
"'merica"
"what the f*ck is this? [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"Skateboarding in New York in the 60's  thought reddit might enjoy this."
"New York skateboarder."
"Flying Camel"
"Anyone can draw  they said..."
"Found this Gem on youtube."
"New York's response to a car alarm going off almost constantly starting at 4am"
"New York's response to a car alarm going off almost constantly starting at 4am [x-post from r/pics]"
"Goodnight Reddit."
"Best toy EVER."
"Jackie Chan's English Slip"
"One of Jackie Chan's bloopers during Rush Hour 3."
"Jackie Chan blooper"
"How I feel about the new subscribe feature on Facebook."
"Easter Church Service"
"When a guy in my class said that atheists are just their own gods"
"Don't Mess with the Dog's Tail"
"Fifty Shades of Grey movie poster"
"Trying to reach the front page"
"When people ask why I'm always on the computer and not outside playing  I send them this"
"Gone to market"
"Firefighters have a really tough job."
"TA-DAH!"
"When you decide it's time to give up.."
"These boxes are conspiring about something"
"Evil plotting boxes will get you!"
"Hurdleless hurdling [x-post from r/funny]"
"Nope  Not this time"
"Right in the Childhood"
"Quite"
"I can't believe I'm just getting this..."
"we'll leave it to the judges"
"Honey Boo Boo  rendered in trash [fixed]"
"Every time I go to a fancy party"
"When you see it..."
"Both David Lee Roth and Sammy Hagar agree that this is the best Van Halen performance ever."
"It's little jokes like this that get me"
"Fluffy ball of anger."
"The World's Angriest-looking Kitten"
"Seymor went rouge with the watermelon."
"Neat. *click*"
"AND NOT A SINGLE FUCK WAS GIVEN THAT DAY"
"Accurately labeled hotel toiletries"
"When I forget lunch and then hear there's leftover food from a lunch meeting"
"Reddit's favourite liquor - Bacon Flavoured Vodka"
"Vegan Owl"
"This is why you don't mess with wild animals"
"Heeeere  kitty kitty kitty"
"Kittychu!!!"
"meow"
"They see me rollin'"
"Scorpion Cat"
"Woke up to see the new 'BOOBS' meme all over reddit"
"It's simple..."
"Cat in a hat"
"The Dapper Kitten [X-post from /r/aww]"
"The sound that just came from my mouth should have lost me my man card."
"The best reaction to the Scary Maze prank game"
"Just some highway congestion"
"How I feel during re class"
"How I feel about all these &quot;Facebook Gold&quot; posts."
"Found this on facebook this morning. I think people are starting to get desperate now."
"So this was on Facebook today."
"So this popped up on Facebook today"
"Well...that escalated quickly..."
"Seems legit."
"this supermarket is very artsy with their vegetables"
"Googled &quot;Grossest Pic on the Internet&quot; Now I Know What Regret Feels Like.."
"You people and your archaic toilet paper... get with the times! You don't know about these!?"
"Something tells me the church doesn't understand what Dr. House was talking about."
"Exactly."
"There is nothing i don't like about this."
"Eat your waffles in style."
"The Louis Vuitton waffle maker"
"It's about damn time"
"Oh  kardashian."
"The one good thing about the Kardashians"
"Someone left me a nice surprise in the Qdoba bathroom... (x-post r/funny)"
"Hot Dog"
"Danny Trejo taking his puppy for a walk"
"This Song Really Does Make Everything Better"
"Just when you thought Freddie Mercury couldn't get any more internet friendly."
"Science question"
"Best Halloween costume ever"
"The greatest treasure of all."
"No Fap September just got real..."
"my  what magnificent skin you have. what's your secret?"
"He came to party  so party he shall"
"That's not how you do it  poor ginger kid."
"Reddiquette[FIXED]"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"so we are all clear"
"Reddiquette!"
"When you are in school and you accidently touch a piece of gum under your desk."
"CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS SH*T?!"
"Can You Believe This Shit?!"
"Oppan Dubstep Style.."
"DAMN US ALL!"
"This pic just screamed SJP"
"Took a picture with Sarah Jessica Parker on the set of the new SatC film set... she made me laugh so hard I cried"
"Profoundly sad fish"
"beam me up....yes please =D [nsfw]"
"Easiest way to tell if an animal is a girl or boy"
"A few goodmen."
"Now that's a good question"
"I have no words for this painting."
"i don't even know what to call this"
"Me whenever someone uploads hot bikini pics on Facebook"
"looks legit...free candy you say?"
"How I feel about posts criticizing other posts"
"The pit of doom..."
"O.O&quot;"
"Typed &quot;Reddit worthy pictures&quot; into Google. Was not disappointed."
"How I feel during no fap September"
"You want to sit in my seat do ya? You don't got tha balls..."
"Some days I feel that this is the case."
"Summer seems to be upon us. And the Knights of New are feeling it."
"Don't fuck with this guy..."
"I have absolutely no idea."
"Workout buddies"
"Cuteness going nowhere..."
"More fitting here (x-post from r/trees)"
"What happens when I think I've posted something funny and different..."
"Don't tell me what to do"
"How I feel  dancing to DnB"
"I think I'll stay home today"
"today is a good day to stay in"
"A lesser-known folk song"
"A Fruit Story"
"Hopefully this isn't a repost  but I think this belongs here."
"So I was just using google and this came up..."
"We accept deliveries. (gif)"
"Checking reddit for blue links every ten minutes"
"Stop Being a Tsundere!"
"what am I watching?"
"So my friend gave her rabbit a cherry. . ."
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"I'll just leave this here."
"This man stole my bike... I don't think anyone will ever believe me"
"BILL FUCKING MURRAY"
"We have to go now..."
"The Hugh Hefner of Pokemon"
"Horrible  but gets me every time."
"In a Utah Airport."
"Babe ready to go"
"and i thought hoverhand was bad"
"Chilling photo of Mark Twain in Tesla's lab."
"Mark Twain in Nikola Tesla's Lab"
"10 000 BPM Kitteh"
"WizzinTheKitteh"
"Just a woman eating a baby  nothing special."
"Virginity(possibly a repost. Don't care)"
"He knows now!"
"Inside and outside view of Hidden beach on Marieta Islands  off the coast of Puerto Vallarta  Mexico."
"How I feel when I see a repost on reddit lately"
"the butt genie"
"Interesting..."
"Oh good try Timmy"
"The scariest moment of my childhood was when one of these crawled out of the drain."
"Was cleaning my basement when about 8 or 9 of these guys showed up behind an old box. NOPE"
"I see your Batman mask and raise you a Spiderman"
"American Indians were doing just fine without a state before the statists ruined everything. (x-post)"
"This showed up on my Facebook feed..."
"Stupid Flanders!"
"My brother told me the story in a video game shouldn't matter... mfw"
"Every time it's cold"
"1000 NOPES"
"1000 nopes"
"Every Redditor's dream job..."
"Barely missed my cake day. Anyway  here's one of my favorite pictures (I'm an Electrical Engineering major)."
"I chuckled"
"Fundies I could agree with. nsfw -ish maybe"
"Not so sure whats going on here..."
"Penguin doesn't give a fuck (xpost from r/funny)"
"aw..cute but poor little guy."
"I'm laughing way too hard!"
"I got this...I got this..."
"Pretty sound logic."
"My Logic When People Ask Why I Drink"
"When the night posters on /r/trees come out"
"How the cats of Reddit feel."
"I love my job"
"Haha  oh yes."
"Deal with it. (x-post from r/horsemask)"
"The faces of Poker"
"too far"
"Noticed this while scrolling through my Facebook news feed. Certainly escalated quickly."
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"A day with Hunter S. Thompson"
"The truth has been revealed"
"Crocodiles and Butterflies (X-post from r/animalporn)"
"i m fruhm planuit earth"
"Got to love Amir Blumenfeld"
"When you see one of your comments quoted in r/nocontext"
"Walka Walka my little Frobbit."
"Fozzy Bear and LOTR"
"How can tie a tie like this? Also are they any similarly fancy ways to tie a bowtie?"
"A Tribute to Shel Silverstein"
"8 years later and this still makes me cry. Every. Fucking. Time."
"Play Dead!"
"BEES!"
"BEES!"
"Stock photo sites have pictures that no one but us would ever want."
"Two guys at a hockey match"
"I just realized it's my first Cakeday! This was my reaction after I checked the calendar"
"Meanwhile in Colorado [Fixed]"
"Oh google .."
"My friend had a &quot;Catalina Wine Mixer&quot; last night. This was me.. (NSFW)"
"I don't care. It's funny"
"In her defense. Phones are pretty pricey these days!"
"Pimp my ride  Mexico"
"Meanwhile In Russia"
"All of Gandhi's possessions at the time of his death. (x-post from r/minimalism)"
"YOU HAD ONE JOB!"
"Just one of the things you come across on the internet..."
"I was just hanging out in the backyard  about to mow the lawn  when a monarch butterfly flew over and landed on my finger."
"I met a butterfly the other day... I asked him what he wanted..."
"A stranger's advice"
"Forever Alone Jacket"
"Sums up God's existence.."
"Thank You."
"When reddit or youtube won't accept my long comment because of an &quot;error&quot;."
"I would eat the shit out of this."
"Dat Ass"
"Winzip"
"how i felt getting in trouble as a kid"
"How i act when my boss isn't watching..."
"When I didn't clean my room..."
"This is why I stuck with reddit for a year now"
"How I've been feeling for the past 4 hours trying to finish a power point for a presentation tomorrow."
"How I feel doing no fap September"
"Morphing with Muse"
"Human  the time has come..."
"Incredible"
"Damn..."
"From the Stork;)"
"Awesome graffiti art"
"The final chapter for the Caped Crusader"
"I have had ENOUGH"
"Hey guys  did you know..."
"5pm on a friday"
"Nice... Singing"
"Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan kissing passionately on the beach"
"Drunk horses"
"Infomercial GIFS aka Comic Gold"
"Batman."
"Newly hatched baby octopus"
"Well hey there"
"Han's blaster is no match for the Gangnam Style"
"Whoops."
"SEPARATED AT BIRTH ?? ??? ?????"
"Impressive"
"In queso emergency..."
"Miguel is an expert at guitar hero."
"FACE it  you love this as much as I do."
"So apparently a Pink Fairy Armadillo is a thing"
"They're sorry?"
"Chicago Christians showed up at a gay pride parade to apologize for homophobia in the Church"
"In case you're really last minute on your costume  always remember"
"Friend wants to meet up to study for finals"
"Perfect shot?"
"Perfect Timing"
"coolest cat ever"
"Party Hard"
"Party Hard [FIXED]"
"I googled &quot;Gangnam Style cat&quot;"
"Be very...very...quiet"
"It's just so fitting..."
"Now I know why Ron was never that scared of Dementors..."
"Oh there's my tractor! [x-post from r/gifs]"
"GO HOME DEER! YOU'RE DRUNK"
"Saw this guy on 4chan"
"Toy story..."
"Grade school summed up in one picture."
"Probably a repost but I don't care; Makes me laugh every time."
"It's my reddit birthday! Here's a picture of the person who truly cares about me"
"A compilation of my favorite facepalms..."
"Replacement ref tosses hat in end zone  trips receiver who narrowly avoids injury"
"FLUDD IRL"
"Seems Legit"
"Those poor kids!"
"After leaving any test in college...good or bad"
"Thought process....women vs. men."
"PLEASE FPE THE LOVE OF ARMSTRONG DO NOT ACT LIKE THIS IN COLLEGE"
"So I found this on my newsfeed today..."
"Its official I'm getting this shirt."
"That rock rocks"
"She said yes!!"
"It gets creepier the longer you look at it..."
"Typical bus ride"
"Reunited and it feels so good."
"Just the narwhal and reddit alien riding through the up votes."
"How is this not what you pick first?"
"ONWARD!"
"Bacon is good for me! (and the Narwhals)"
"Realized it was my cakeday with only 30 minutes left in the day. To the front page noble steed!"
"u were srs"
"Sex can wait"
"Lets get Presidential"
"Double aww"
"Then and now"
"Some things you never grow out of"
"Date Night"
"&quot;Dot Aussssss!!!!&quot;"
"whack a kitty?"
"Whenever I see a post referring to 'facebook gold&quot; (x-post from r/breakingbad)"
"You are going to look at this."
"Louis CK on gay marriage."
"Childhood dreams [5184x3156] [OC]"
"&quot;My good sir  how are you this fine day?&quot;"
"What you mean i can't eat this!?"
"I'm sure he'll win the race!"
"This is Patrick."
"Any one else think that he looks really high?"
"That's a weird way to choose"
"I wasn't planning on sleeping again anyway."
"Iron Batman"
"Fuck it  CATS!"
"So  Kristin Stewart needs the exorcist  then..."
"When I'm next to someone at a stoplight."
"Whenever I Talk to Someone and They don't respond."
"My brother when I finally beat him at Goldeneye"
"You're not supposed to bend that way"
"I present to you a donkey in a well."
"Redbull's worst nightmare"
"floor buffer."
"How i feel whenever i see someone took the time to post a gif about how they feel"
"When someone posts a .gif that isn't imgur"
"Whenever I see a wrong number trolling post"
"Folding underwear and matching up socks"
"How I feel when muslims have to say &quot;peace be upon him&quot; every time Muhammad is mentioned"
"Windows needs an update."
"Whenever a professor says  &quot;Please make sure you read all the directions before starting&quot; before an exam."
"Lori won't let Carl be hardcore"
"What have you done to prevent aids?"
"This is insane! Austrian skydiver Paul Steiner hanging on the back of a glider while grabbing the tail of another in Styria  Austria."
"Gets me everytime"
"Maybe I should have knocked first..."
"Kitty porn"
"Haters gonna hate and..."
"Potatoes Gonna Potate"
"Nasty."
"Momma always told me not to jump on the puddles  never understood why until  blragghgh"
"Grandmother. &quot;What a long tongue you have&quot; &quot;All the better to please you with my dear.&quot; (Possibly NSFW)"
"True friends stand by you"
"We'll teach you a lesson! [GIF]"
"Best gif ever"
"One of my favourite ever gifs"
"I missed my cakeday  but this is my favorite gif"
"What is happening here?!"
"c-c-c-c-combo breaker!"
"'Murica..."
"Honey Boo Boo  Rendered in trash [FIXED]"
