"Star Spangled Banner - Sporting Event Edition"
"i'll have the obama roll  with extra wasabi"
"Most posts after a few upvotes"
"Science! (x-post r/gifs)"
"This cat knows how to troll (x-post from /r/catgifs)"
"Man figures out how to have sex with his own butthole."
"Unfair"
"How I feel when my manager inspects my work"
"If it gets any Otter  I'm jumping in there."
"Forever alone."
"When I take &quot;selfies&quot;"
"Scumbag JJ(Spiderman)"
"Uncle Ben's"
"So this is what god has been up to."
"This is what was going on up here in Canada"
"True and Hilarious"
"Snapple needs to bring this back!"
"Holy 90s. Where did these drinks go?!"
"Bill shake that A  Jello!"
"Hemingway: Classic American badass since 1899"
"scumbag Edward Cullen"
"Easily the most astute review ever written about The Jersey Shore"
"seriously... WTF!! (xpost from /r/funny)"
"This is why i don't ride public transportation"
"Well. I had an interesting train ride..."
"This is why i don't ride public transportation"
"When the top comment is a hilarious and clever reply"
"Activate Defenses"
"Like Starcraft... for scientists"
"I would buy a lottery ticket after this."
"Literal Bitch Slap"
"Dog Slaps Human"
"Bitch Slapped"
"who you calling a bitch?"
"How I Felt Posting A Week Early For My Cakeday"
"What is going on here?"
"Joke backfired"
"The printer part is what really got me."
"I don't own a cat or have kids  so here's a cute baby sloth on my B-day."
"Heeeeeeeeey yooooooooooou Guuuuuys!"
"I'm glad this exists."
"America's Future"
"When my recent post gets downvoted immediately"
"dog"
"Bounce That"
"Our Education System"
"Laughed way too much at this"
"can you believe it?moving pictures!!"
"How I feel whenever I accidentally click a link from /r/starcraft"
"My reaction to seeing a penis outside of porn"
"My reaction to seeing a penis in a movie or anything that isn't a porn"
"Woody Harrelson's Publicist"
"Accidentally clicking on a link from r/politics"
"How i feel whenever my threads get no upvotes."
"My Simpsons Collection."
"When The Topic Of Religion Comes Up On Facebook"
"When I hear my mom yelling my full name..."
"This is Homer Simpson slowly backing into a bush."
"Getting a personal text from someone you don't know..."
"Nobody knows the cure for dubstep.."
"I see your Haha and raise you my Hahaha"
"Better than AIDS I suppose"
"Found this on the Catholic Memes Facebook page."
"Foster´s Home for Imaginary Friends - FINAL EPISODE"
"How I feel when I click on a post where the gif isn't hosted on imgur"
"When I see the 9gag watermark on a reddit post"
"How it felt when a jerk cut me off this morning and had a Reddit sticker on their car."
"A reason to watch the Olympics (NSFW)"
"Tuck me in maybe?"
"Awwww yeah...."
"I'm happy with the status quo with regard to elephants."
"Just walk it off son..."
"What usually happens when I give my opinion to Reddit [Fixed]"
"My fear when I mispronounce a word while reading to the class..."
"This is what happens when you try to defend a controversial opinion on reddit"
"Out of no where..."
"Wanted to make a cake day post  but this is how I imagine it would go."
"VP90X"
"Steve knew"
"Good parents."
"Good parents."
"This is not funny. Period."
"Getting used to being single again"
"The power of touch."
"Poor kitty"
"This definitely needs reposting [NOT FIXED]"
"Reposted"
"Well  if you say so...."
"This has brought fish ownership to a whole new level"
"Fish do it too"
"World History with the Pope"
"World History with the Pope"
"You lookin' at me funny?"
"Hi! I'm..."
"Endeavour  stop it.... You're creeping me out. [x-post from r/soon]"
"Not your average snowboarder.."
"Not a single one....."
"Dont stop me now!!"
"Sonic the... Ostrich?"
"Queen of the Slopes"
"This belongs on r/spaceclop  but I'll never go back there."
"CPR  Onion style"
"CPR according to The Onion."
"I think this belongs here."
"STAHP..."
"Nom nom"
"am i bad for thinking this is funny?"
"Smoking can be dangerous"
"Deformed stillborn infants from Agent Orange exposure  Vietnam War  1968"
"My reaction when the plane I was on fell 30 feet"
"Had &quot;no shoes in the house&quot; parents. Me  upon buying my first sofa in my apartment."
"Went over to my friend's house last night  I sat on his new futon and I said &quot;Nice couch bro&quot;  he replied &quot;It's not a couch bro  it's a vintage futon  and I would appreciate it if you didn't put your feet up&quot;............"
"Call me immature  but I couldn't help but break into laughter."
"She has an avant-garde stylist."
"A guy walks into a bar..."
"Kari grinds up some snake"
"America"
"Marketing vs. Reality[Fixed]"
"its alright. god told him he could do it"
"Nailed it!"
"I guess I'm good at something now"
"Cats. Now available by mail."
"Basically  teeth or porn?"
"Ladies..."
"It sees all.."
"stock up people!"
"How I saw everything in the market this morning after realizing I hadn't bought groceries in preparation for Sandy."
"How it feels shopping before sandy"
"Local convenience store was out of a lot of supplies but I did manage to pick up this"
"How I feel as a Paramedic that works 24 hours in a row ..."
"A trend I'm staring to notice"
"Just had this conversation with a friend."
"War Logic"
"Master Baiters"
"This just fucking disturbs me."
"power ranger gif. can i get a source?"
"Pink and Green Power Ranger dancing"
"When I first got into Diablo 3 and heard the Tristram theme"
"When one of your posts took off and you didn't even know for days"
"When you date a pretty girl long enough to see her ugly side"
"As a Canadian  I find this funny"
"Say &quot;cheese&quot;!"
"How redditors react to reposts when browsing r/funny"
"Ay ay ay ay ay."
"Senora's cats"
"Michael Jackson didn't just like little boys....."
"Privacy"
"Found this on 4chan - thought it might belong here"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend- Jesus Edition"
"dad of the year"
"Yep  Christmas ruined (x-post from r/funny)"
"Best protest sign ever."
"Giving some context to all my friends in Britain complaining about &quot;heavy snow&quot; [FIXED]"
"Giving some context to all my friends in Britain complaining about &quot;heavy snow&quot;. [FIXED]"
"Welcome to Canada eh? (I don't know if this is a repost) also my first post!"
"It's only a flesh wound.. (Fallout)"
"It's only a flesh wound.. (Fallout)"
"Who would name their child that?"
"r/atheism sent me here... so let's give Moses another chance!"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Dad to the rescue"
"This dad gives this asshole what he deserves"
"Bro-ba Fett"
"if Boba Fett was a bro..."
"Found this on Facebook  thought it would fit in here..."
"The future of our planet. Damn."
"(x-post from r/politics) My choice of election 2012."
"The more you know! *bing!*"
"Police and rioters come together to help fat man out of trousers [Fixed]"
"I know this doesn't have anything to do with atheism  but I didn't know where else to put it."
"Lenin &amp; Lenin Cat enjoy a quiet afternoon"
"Oh no  we're going down"
"We're going down"
"Only 9 cents where I live"
"Only 9 cents at your local grocery store."
"Cute baby animals..."
"In my local paper  they finally caught the son of a bitch."
"Spidey knows what's up."
"Enough! All of you are beneath me. I am a god  you dull creature and I shall not be bullied!"
"What I feel like when the hive mind downvotes me into oblivion"
"I know what you mean.."
"Getting laid for the first time in almost 7 months."
"one time i had a tiny train too!"
"Tiny Hippo."
"GRANT ME YOUR BACON"
"My reaction when I realized I missed my cake day..."
"Looking in the mirror after I forgot to shower."
"When people insist on clapping at the end of a movie"
"Huh.. my fur got dirty.."
"this isn't like home"
"duck's sink."
"Evil OCD checklist"
"And so  it begins..."
"eminem loves autograph's"
"Astronauts hang out at the..."
"This one took awhile.."
"Astronauts hang out at the...."
"Women's Manual."
"A little difference."
"My parents gave me copies of every Newspaper from the day I was born  In one of them was this article on &quot;Anti-Soviet warrior&quot; Osama Bin Laden."
"My favorite"
"Childhood ruined ... (Slightly NSFW)"
"Pikachu  I choose you!"
"wat"
"I heart reddit"
"Where is Waldo?"
"Where is Waldo?"
"I guess these two patched things up in Hell"
"Before Instagram"
"Redditor opens pack from the back  switches only one and puts it back"
"Now  can somebody tell me what the HELL would cause this?"
"This is what my hometown is famous for"
"Dat Ass"
"I've always wondered how toddlers and kids get ice cream all over their faces"
"When the lord's in the crib ma Drop it like it's hot"
"how i feel after unsubscribing from r/atheism"
"we got a badass over here"
"On my friends facebook &quot;Wanna know how I got these berries?&quot;"
"Ah  Australia. What the bloody fuck?"
"Tony Stark has pressing needs."
"Little girl and penguin"
"Pure Delight"
"Awww"
"Shut up  Charles."
"YEAH  CHARLES!"
"Islam is Radical...dude"
"I could watch this all day"
"Texting while driving."
"How I feel as a swimmer."
"What I wish I could do with /r/Atheism"
"Everyone over on r/diablo"
"How i felt when i was watching the &quot;18 minute&quot; San Diego Fireworks show"
"WEEKEND!!!!"
"I miss this guy"
"Damn brilliant idea"
"URSA GANGNAM STYLE"
"/b/ makes captcha comics"
"That's not scary at all..."
"FOR THE GLORY OF SATAN"
"Even after a long day  this picture still gets me."
"They are actually building this in South Korea. Very subtle."
"Ahhhh chooooooo (NSFL) [x-post from r/GIFS]"
"Yum"
"Disgusting Level: 99"
"Damn cat! You`re so nasty!"
"62 knows what's up"
"Google'd &quot;How to get on the front page of Reddit&quot;... was not disappointed."
"Kickass and Pirate Bay are both down right now."
"How bout' a magic trick?"
"The identical quadruplets in China with number 1  2  3  4 shaved on their heads to make it easier for teachers and classmates to tell them apart."
"Mom wanted to use my computer  I told her to gimme a minute"
"Parent and child"
"I love you Pixar."
"And Yet Nice Guys Still Finish Last..."
"That's one way to ride the train."
"Hit 3 months without a cigarette after 5 years of smoking. Every time I get a craving now  this is my attitude."
"I think someone on reddit started this..."
"Bone cancer (SFW)"
"Cake Day came and went. I didn't even post anything..."
"My Favourite gif"
"Do you know a good sushi restaurant?"
"What it feels like to be a repost"
"Lunch Time"
"The Narwhal... it's Baconing?"
"Soon."
"Ron Swanson ∞"
"Dick move Steve  dick move"
"Any wish in the world?... Worth it."
"No matter how many times I see this picture it always makes me laugh."
"One wish"
"I see your dancing  cracked out pornstar and raise you another dancing cracked out pornstar. NSFW"
"When I see you"
"Now that's a hot tub"
"Freddie Mercury Swimming in Pussy (SFW)"
"MFW there are jokes on the front page from episodes I haven't seen of the shows I watch."
"Magic"
"Stumbled upon this earlier today. At first i got really confused but then realized there was a banana for scale and everything was okay"
"So this is an actual person. There's a person that actually looks like this. Somewhere in the world. Actually."
"Today you  tomorrow me"
"There is no thing as to much bling..."
"Douchebag Level"
"Feed Me + Elmo = Awesome"
"Cadillac WTF concept"
"Don't Be Racist"
"Don't be racist"
"What has been seen  can not be unseen"
"When I found lube on my parents nightstand."
"Submitting a mediocre post  then coming back in two hours to see it on the front page ..."
"When someone scares me and I try to play it off cool"
"Gates of Petra"
"My hammer."
"Today is my birthday! I wasn't here 12 hours ago!"
"How I feel whenever I browse New"
"So I went to 9Gag for the first time today..."
"Woosh..."
"Went on an African Safari. Got Professional long glass  etc. Got Lightroom too. Here are the results."
"Cute Cat"
"I'll just leave these parked here."
"It's a META PUG"
"KIRBY?!"
"360 degree panorama of Mars taken from lander Opportunity [964x346]"
"God answers prayers!"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE D:"
"SHOCKING Arachnid abuse caught on camera. Sick internet abuse-ring Reddit upvotes to the stratosphere."
"Not the average Redditor [x-post /r/wtf]"
"Now  I elevate."
"How to become the most hated person on campus"
"Montblanc Skeleton Collection"
"Pretty sure everyone should keep a copy of this in their car."
"I laughed alot harder than I really should have"
"Every damn time i try to take a normal picture of my gf..."
"GET TO DA CHOPPA!"
"My dog got sick while I was at work. This pretty much sums it up."
"Someone enjoys their dubstep..."
"Because Phil Collins."
"To the window!!!!!! To the bookshelf!!!!!"
"So this happened in Aberdeen  Scotland yesterday."
"Indiana Cat"
"what i immediately think of whenever i see &quot;the rum diary&quot; advertised"
"oh  THIS bitch"
"I believe this belongs here."
"I was trying to get myself a picture of Anne Hathaway's boobs after watching DKR  so I googled her name. Erection gone."
"Just in case you ever wondered  this is Anne Hathaway as a dog."
"because he can"
"I see your creepy abandoned mansion and i raise you a creepy abandoned playground."
"Superman upvotes"
"What the hell OP"
"That's Liu Kang's chair"
"Liu Kang Wins!"
"'Murica in the South."
"A Friendly Message from North Korean Weather Network."
"Why not use a real baby?"
"How I feel writing my last exam"
"Limited Choices"
"How not to run away from the Police"
"This was my EXACT expression after my exam today when my friends were going over their answers"
"How I feel when I upvote something in r/new before I see it's a repost"
"I bought everything in my Steam cart before I logged off....right?"
"Happy 72nd Birthday"
"Looked up &quot;crazy Asian inventions&quot;..."
"I call him ridiculously photogenic dog"
"inspiration"
"When I take a chance and post to Reddit"
"Deal with it"
"Gnombies."
"Blue stop sign."
"What it feels like when I try to learn the constellations."
"Every time I make a ninja edit"
"Chevy Lowrider"
"What I think of when I hear &quot;Hurricane Sandy&quot;"
"Mean something to someone."
"Lily pond @ Sunset."
"Steakhouse bartenders and servers across the country tonight."
"Jack Nicholson"
"Every dog in the world"
"Every single dog"
"Let me in..."
"Cat jump from 24 miles up"
"BMX backflip"
"Accident Prone Horse"
"This was a surprise to find in my School Work folder."
"When I try to run from a bee"
"....Hair"
"Google searched &quot;neckbeard&quot; and this is what came up"
"bad luck brian...."
"I think we're all forgetting what atheism is actually about  let me remind you all"
"If X-Men could play sports..."
"No one will ever believe you!"
"Pirates of the Caribbean motion capture"
"Logged onto my imgur account today to see that someone added this without my knowledge..."
"Romance!"
"How I feel every time I put on my uniform for work"
"Music"
"I've got a song stuck in my head..."
"How I see most drawing tutorials"
"How to draw an owl"
"How to draw an owl... it's easy guys"
"I found hipster Hitler"
"How I expect the 2012 Presidential Elections to go."
"Obama's jump shot."
"WANT"
"Pretty sure we've all seen this one before  but does anyone remember what it's called? Looking to get one for my pad."
"*remind me later*"
"redditors life."
"Ready for my closeup!"
"they have a point"
"You just know the warning is there because someone tried it"
"Wish I had have read the warning first..."
"Forever Alone..."
"Instagram fail"
"wait for it"
"Every time I kill an animal in an RPG.."
"How I feel at home with the flu"
"Everyday in Retail"
"After seeing all weird hands today  I have to ask....."
"Fantastic sprite fighting gif"
"I'm sorry...they made me do it"
"Sorry  friend"
"im sorry"
"Unbearable problems"
"The fuck?"
"still one of my favourite gifs"
"I know this is a repost. I don't care. It still makes me laugh every damn time."
"Huh?"
"Just a GIF on docking"
"Follow your dreams  baby."
"Bikini Babe gets a surprise!"
"Meanwhile in Japan...."
"Here's me e-mail... don't be put off..."
"Meanwhile in Albuquerque.."
"Getting an iPad after years with an iPhone [x r/apple]"
"Sitting in the emergency exit row on a plane"
"Powerful."
"Sharing is Caring"
"Forever alone"
"One of the most touching images I have ever seen of President Obama."
"In your darkest hour  everyone has that something to pull them up"
"Can't argue with that."
"A tuba seemed like the appropriate instrument for the situation..."
"Um"
"Surprise Spidey"
"Hello"
"(V)_(;  ;)_(V)"
"Scorpion fly. Fucking NOPE."
"Hurricane Sandy  in case you're looking for a specific target"
"Found this on my news feed HAHA overly attached girlfriend."
"How I feel when I get a few upvotes then downvoted to oblivion."
"Sign up for my summer camp please."
"Baby in Oven Dish"
"Everything looks normal... right?"
"Did I hear something about elephants?"
"I photoshopped Kevin Malone onto Honey BooBoo's mom..."
"What exactly are you suggesting  Target?"
"Possibly the most ridiculous stunt by MacGyver"
"My friend is dog sitting for another friend. This is how he spends his time."
"He does the best Patrick Star shadow puppet"
"You got to hand it to this guy. I think he handles his condition well...."
"Fuck this shit. I'm not having a bath"
"Heut' ist mein tag"
"My friend caught a fish that had swallowed a crayfish."
"Eating TOO much crab."
"im lovin it"
"What a great Science Project"
"Shit Tyrone"
"I know its old but i cant stop laughing"
"Whenever i take an honors class"
"My thoughts after Jeopardy the past few nights..."
"Gotta Love Imgur Roulette"
"Assassin's Creed"
"I'm just going to pass through here..."
"Every time I try to post on Reddit."
"The truth behind Mickey's gloves"
"Einhorn is Finkle  and Finkle is Einhorn! Just thought I'd remind you. [6]"
"I wonder if they saw this cumming."
"Finally  i'm home!"
"Holy shit it's a"
"Is this all true? [Jesus v Horus]"
"I guess no one ever claimed the story of Jesus was original  right?"
"Finish It."
"I'm not sure I quite understand this piece."
"'Merica!"
"'MERICA !"
"Every time I post here.."
"Well  hello there..."
"Skeptical dog is skeptical"
"I put eyebrows on my dog... I wasn't disappointed"
"Real Spongebob...."
"Why would you do this?"
"Required reading."
"so was at a book store today..."
"Seems legit..."
"Looks about right for redditors who can vote in the US..."
"Ok  fine Pandora!"
"My sex life in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"I see your picture of Michael Jackson drinking vodka with midgets and raise you a picture of Michael Jackson holding a huge pair of underwear with doves on his wrists"
"BF3 logic"
"When I don't know if a post is good enough for reddit"
"The creature all mean feared"
"The creature all men feared."
"Just a Bert and Ernie cosplay."
"Have some fruit."
"watermelons do a better job anyway"
"Just Some Food for Thought"
"Sner"
"Is this gif from some kind of video?"
"Zelda: 26 years"
"Holy shit  we're small [Pic]"
"Ladies having a drink"
"Crystalline Turquoise Lake  Jiuzhaigou National Park  China"
"Meet Susan"
"Good ol' Nic"
"Next up on Sportscenter"
"Look at this dog."
"Freaking Awesome Dog"
"Look at this dog"
"Om nom nom no...............wait."
"superheroes"
"How I feel when I finally finish everything for class"
"Potential Redditor In The Making"
"Worse than friend zone"
"Bitch!"
"My face when my brother told me how much fun his science class is in school today"
"Baby Chameleon"
"Hug time mommy"
"They're not the best but...."
"You're doing it Right"
"I typed a friends name in to google images and this came up."
"Kill Bieber  for science!"
"The Treadwall."
"Smile more"
"mmm  chocolatey."
"YUM"
"Mmmm..."
"Weirdest rap album cover: 'Slam Dunk'n Hoes'"
"A little game predicts the future"
"BOOM headshot"
"We need to find and stop Bane."
"10 what kinda lights?"
"Why good kerning is important."
"Font. It matters."
"Knockout FAP"
"Ever been knocked out so hard that your body went into auto-fap?"
"Moses was a huge dick."
"I just thought of this while watching Black Sheep and couldn't get it out of my head for the entire film. Thanks internet."
"No more"
"What is love?"
"For The T-Shirtless Proletariat!"
"I think this is awesome."
"Can somebody turn this inverted map of the earth (found on /r/pics) into a Civ 5 map?"
"That zebra is a boss and he knows it"
"DISRESPECT YOUR SURROUNDINGS"
"Midget Ninja"
"Size doesn't mean anything."
"Onward  my good man!"
"Baby zoo (circa 1935)"
"ITT: Girls who look like they are going to explode out of their clothes any second."
"Exploding out of their clothes"
"Just Keep Moving  Heard It Helps..."
"Why vampires hate the Crucifix?"
"Apocalyptic marriage"
"Whoa Javan  take it easy..."
"Shit Javan  get it together"
"How I feel when something I downvoted makes it to the front page."
"Funnel cloud over Orchard Iowa on June 10  2008"
"Excuse me.. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Apple's response to Reddit..."
"When someone grabs my leg  tickles my foot  and won't let go..."
"All that I learned from this was never leave the bathroom door open"
"Pretty much sums up my day"
"It was still a good day"
"Nearly 2 am  no one is on facebook  i've checked my email 43 times and checked most of the links on reddit."
"Working on Friday"
"Hulk Smash! [Fixed]"
"How I imagine Alexander Rhodes is probably introducing himself nowadays"
"The other Centaur.."
"What my adventures typically look like."
"sometimes i feel this way..."
"Redditor uploads various videos onto Youtube  spends years aligning them through the Youtube algorithm and decides to cash in on some MildlyInteresting karma"
"I see what you did there (x/post from facepalm)"
"Just a Basset Hound Running"
"I'm ruining my own childhood finding pictures like this"
"Damn  It Feels Good to Be a Gangster: The Desktop Edition"
"My favorite smoke spot"
"i hope my mom likes her new desktop background"
"Why I love fall in my home"
"So many unanswered questions.."
"What I'm thinking while reading posts from people who have never been in a shoot out talk about the NYC Cops not hitting the suspect with every bullet."
"Any post after redditing for 4 hours..."
"How I feel when people start talking about politics.."
"Always the star of the show"
"Stale ass bread."
"Vital words from a goose"
"I could stare at this for hours and not run out of things to laugh at."
"I'm sure that hurt"
"Batter Up!"
"Icelandic me  seeing Iceland on the frontpage of Reddit today."
"This guy gets it."
"When I pee..."
"One of my favourite Postsecrets"
"No Homo"
"Somewhere on Earth  this guy is losing his shit right now."
"4chan explains the Bible. I lol'd"
"just Nick Tesla reading in his lab"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk."
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk."
"Drive me closer..."
"Saw this today and thought it belonged here..."
"I said NO FUCKING PHOTOS!"
"Not my usual choice of condiments... but okay."
"Fuck the police."
"Fat cats"
"Like a Boss ..."
"Reflection"
"Pew Pew Pew"
"Hey  Client  Fuck You  Pay Me!"
"What it's like when someone owes me money (GIF)"
"Damn"
"In the beggining.... Oh god..."
"To the people that keep complaining that stop light cameras should be illegal."
"The face on the fish is priceless"
"Ambassador From 4chan"
"Penisman. Valiant protector of vaginas worldwide."
"First time I looked at /b/"
"So I went to /r/spacedicks..."
"How I felt after I learned I have 5 summer reading books for my honors class."
"Poetic bear is poetic."
"When all the links are purple and I have nothing else to do"
"Pac Man in space"
"Led Zepplin..."
"Boss just asked me if I wanted to work the weekend"
"The Very First Fleshlights (SFW)"
"Cat Hair Spread O Tron"
"Suddenly  roller coasters."
"In case you were wondering....."
"Poor Gary"
"Greatest Friends"
"Finishing a paper at 3 in the morning."
"don't slip [NSFW]"
"Not a single f*ck was given that day"
"Over the balcony"
"Snorlax playing on a Slip'n'Slide"
"High Five! - Go F yourself.."
"I push it  then........ WHAAAAAAAAAT?!"
"Concerned cat is concerned."
"A message from the East Coast to the rest of you."
"Parents are worried about everything. So I sent them this."
"Girl I like responded with more than k or lol"
"Boat captains needed"
"4 years on reddit only 200 and some link karma. Fishing for it on my cake day."
"How I imagine all of us former lurkers feel when we finally join."
"Have a bet with my friends I cant get 200 karma in 2 days. Prove them wrong  reddit?"
"Soon"
"How I felt when I saw my ex on facebook and she gained a ton of weight"
"FUCK CANCER"
"Yeah  fuck cancer!"
"imagine no religion."
"On her way home - Endeavor over Austin  TX"
"Space shuttle Endeavor flying over Austin Tx this morning (Xpost from r/space)"
"I don't even know"
"How I feel when my PC prompts a restart after I install a program."
"wait... WHAT?!?!?"
"they can't possibly be serious"
"A totally normal activity"
"I always hunt out this picture when I'm having a bad day. NEVER FAILS"
"Laughing men eating fruit salad"
"Oh God I accidentally /spacedicks"
"Me trying to get karma."
"Double Whammy!"
"Dat Ass!"
"Snugglers Nook"
"Eye contact at the urinal"
"Whenever I have to do a presentation in front of people"
"Goodnight Sweet Prince"
"Lazer Bears! What? It could happen."
"I am On top of the world"
"I'm on top of the world!"
"Celebrities riding invisible bikes (x/post from /r/photoshopbattles)"
"It's amazing that he's still alive."
"What setting up two friends on a date is like."
"The first time I got to third base.."
"Cake Day?"
"My first post. Took me twenty minutes to decide what to post. And i'm sad of my decision...."
"So I Bought Spacechem from the indie bundle today on steam..."
"Talking to girls"
"Nice try  Blue."
"How Girls Look When Gaming..."
"How Girls Look When Gaming...."
"Matrix Morpheus"
"Team Conservative. Surrender now and prepare to fight!"
"Breakdancing Jesus!"
"Russian missiles bombarding Grozny during the Chechen War."
"I don't even..."
"I'm in Britian. I'm not in the bible belt. I thought my FB was safe from stuff like this. I was wrong."
"How I have felt being a Texas resident for the past few months."
"shits on fire yo"
"A summary of Colorado's and Montana's summer so far"
"Come on bro. Lets GO!"
"Exactly how I felt when I showed a friend a link from Reddit and she told me she had seen it before."
"Another perfectly timed picture"
"I have never seen such an alert cat."
"The Library underneath the stairs!"
"Tasty"
"This IS the droid you are looking for. Awesome R2D2 keg."
"Remember kids  don't pass out at parties."
"How I feel on reddit after clicking all the links on the front page."
"Just wait"
"goalkeeper"
"Does Romney fantasize about eating his opponents? - Imgur"
"Cutest chicks with cat ever [x-post from r/funny]"
"As cut as this guy is I bet he's a real pussy on the inside."
"Look who finally started exercising"
"Skill levels explained [x-post from r/funny]"
"Go on... I'm all ears."
"I heard whales are gonna be the the next big thing of aww so here is a picture of a cat kissing a whales head"
"Put a ring on it."
"my reaction to non-RES friendly links.."
"My reaction when I see a status update on facebook that begins with &quot;Chik-Fil-A&quot;"
"Coolest birthday card ever."
"Spermogram"
"Haven't had sex in awhile?"
"i can take it you havent had sex in a while?"
"When one of your friends is about to say something they shouldn't in front of your mom..."
"What finding twenty bucks feels like (when you're a kid)"
"Japan  you so crazy!"
"Saturday nigth!"
"Waiting..."
"…the highest of fives!"
"RESTAURANT NINJA DON'T TAKE SHIT"
"Dem skills"
"Skeptical Newborn Puppy"
"Hot!"
"I'm going to hell for laughing"
"This was my &quot;draw a political cartoon&quot; assignment"
"A duck feeding some fish... that is all."
"probably a repost  But I love ducks"
"Dat Eye Candy"
"Eye-Fucking ( NSFW )"
"long neck lama"
"The madness is in the eyes"
"Trip ... out."
"So I was browsing around for tattoo ideas when suddenly..."
"Seeing one of your posts get more than 500 upvotes"
"Me at 4am on Reddit."
"Gotcha!!"
"It's almost like a cruel joke."
"I am not a strong swimmer"
"I want you to hit me as hard as you can."
"It never gets old."
"Whenever I smell a fresh bag."
"Pamperchu"
"Luke  use the force!"
"Why don't school buses have seat belts again?"
"Scuba Diving"
"Sweet dreams little kitty"
"How I feel watching everyone talk about Steam and being a PC gamer when I have a Macbook"
"Prodigy® Interactive Personal Service... this brings back memories!"
"Hipster squared"
"Oh America...."
"There was a joke with this  but i don't think it needs it."
"Why I break during corners"
"That awkward moment when..."
"My theory on what caused the Jupiter crash."
"How all Arrested Development fans feel right fucking now..."
"How I feel when class gets out early"
"When my roommate says &quot;We're going to Chik-Fil-A&quot;"
"not sure if just really excited or just bath salts...[FIXED]"
"scar is at it again!"
"Awesome Escalator Trick"
"jesus camp."
"WTF"
"Accurate depiction of reddit after finding out of Obama's AMA"
"Darth Vader on Pink Floyd"
"Candy Corn flavored Oreos"
"possibly the greatest thing i have ever seen"
"Freaky as hell."
"The subtle humor I almost didn't catch. (Family Guy)"
"Let's just agree on this and stop posting about creationists being stupid."
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"just me and the fam enjoying a beer after a successful hunt"
"Finger lickin' good"
"Bond. John Wilkes Bond. (Unfortunate poster placement)"
"Found out John Wilkes Booth didn't kill Lincoln. It was ........."
"WHERE THE HOOD AT?"
"Eyes on the prize. [x-post /r/pics]"
"Manix lubricant [595x780] © advertising agency: BDDP ET FILS  France  2001"
"What happens when the most important man in the world decides to do an AMA"
"Found this while browsing random Imgur images."
"Todays my first day on reddit. How I feel."
"The main reason i watch community"
"Two reasons we love &quot;Community&quot;"
"My little cousin gave Adam Sandler a t-shirt  a couple weeks later this was spotted in US Weekly magazine"
"How I feel standing in my room sometimes."
"When my legs cramp in the morning."
"a VERY nice swimming pool"
"I really love this pool [540x443]"
"The most annoying thing when surfing reddit!"
"WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON!?!??!?"
"The best grandpa ever."
"The real Derpina"
"OMG... it's Jesus!"
"Oh Jesus."
"Want your next party to be a hit? Play this song and watch what happens!"
"How I felt after my first ever successful two-digit-karma post last night."
"When my post actually has more upvotes then downvotes."
"this chimpanzee is one of us"
"Liam Neeson VS Chuck Norris"
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"Mrs. Butthead"
"Mrs. Butthead - Imgur"
"Ketchupicide"
"How I feel when I have to greet a relative I dislike."
"Must...stay...awake."
"VORSTELLUNGSKRAFT!!"
"I don't get why. Repost from r/gifs."
"Cant tell if he's reacting to the Patron or the lime."
"Too sour"
"What is this!"
"AWWWW-tters"
"Otters"
"Every book your professor assigns you."
"Fruitopia Lover."
"Not giving a fuck"
"Put your finger in your ear and wiggle. [gif]"
"Scratch"
"Thanks...Now Every Time My Ear Itches..."
"bongos"
"Baby Buscemi"
"When I spend tons of time thinking of something to post on Reddit  only to get it down voted into oblivion."
"Simple Stuff"
"I'm shopping at the wrong WalMart"
"How I felt on my reddit birthday after receiving one link karam."
"I told myself I'd prepare something to submit for my cakeday  now its here and I have nothing."
"Exactly how I feel about my cake day today"
"Scene of last twilight movie"
"Cute doggy"
"P[L]s rat[E] mah dick"
"Spongebob  nooooo!"
"I love that song"
"My reaction when I see a repost on r/funny"
"Shit was like acid. (another 90's post)"
"Childhood lies."
"funny iphone auto correct"
"If we fitz we sitz."
"Obama/Romney hair switch. Warning: this cannot be unseen."
"The presidential candidates seemed a bit... hairried... last night."
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip."
"I bet this'll piss him off.."
"I watched Case 39 the other day. It was the first Renee Zellweger movie I ever watched. This image suddenly made a lot more sense."
"Little Russian girl doesn't take your shit."
"So.Much.Fail."
"Searched Google images for 'random shit'. Found a pretty good depiction of Reddit."
"First meme my dad has ever sent"
"My phone normally stays on vibrate."
"There's an evil mastermind at my university.. [FIXED]"
"I didn't want anything more than I wanted these when I was younger (More fun than a pillow fight)"
"Bear Dougie"
"Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light  according to MSNBC"
"I feel so relieved"
"I do apologize if a repost  made me lol."
"I am trying to educate my little sister. My epic quote that I responded with to her wild claim of me &quot;Trying to make her atheist&quot;:"
"A &quot;JAPAN&quot; flair would really be useful in this subreddit."
"I request the highest of fives!"
"Rupaul and Nirvana (iconic moment in music history)"
"Let's have a fluffy time!"
"One of the items Police have been able to recover from the shooters apartment."
"I  too  can make something interesting with my hands and access to the internet."
"It wasn't hard."
"Happy Tanksgiven"
"Thanksgiven holiday."
"That's just good advice"
"How I See Usain Bolt [FIXED]"
"Is this real life?"
"Is this real life.."
"Caught in a landslide..."
"If you saw this... would it stop you? (NSFL)"
"That's one way to do it"
"Oh what a left hand!"
"Who are you cheering for now?!"
"Because we share life.."
"Road Hazards in Iraq"
"It's like staring at the sun."
"Browsing r/whatsthisbug"
"Silly bird  take that off. That is not a hat."
"Fashionista bird."
"Whoa there Leonardo...(xpost from r/gifs)"
"As a new-ish redditor this is how I felt when I went to bed at 23 Karma and woke up to 110+......."
"Just chillin"
"Out of all the things I could have said"
"I propose a mascot for our subreddit."
"Red panda attacking fruit."
"A clever disguise."
"Master of disguise"
"I feel a meme coming on..."
"Gosh that Italian family at the next table sure is quiet."
"Reddit  I tried Nutella for the first time this afternoon..."
"Peace Like A River"
"Cat is not amused."
"How I feel when trying to lure friends into joining Reddit."
"One woman's lie"
"Luke.. meet my new girlfriend."
"Nope  nothing suspicious here officer."
"Evolution of the iPhone"
"Sup."
"You know who should enjoy this?"
"This person is awesome."
"Happens every time I sit through my afternoon theory class."
"How i look around attractive women"
"Um wut."
"Recommending a show to a friend  then seeing them like the show page on Facebook the next day."
"Sheep shield activated"
"Sheep shield activated"
"Antoine Dogson"
"HIDE YO KIDS HIDE YO WIFE"
"what's happening on the background?"
"'Cause baby  you're a firework"
"How I feel when my post only gets 2 upvotes."
"I laugh every time I see this."
"Hey cat"
"Imma boop your head! [6 hours]"
"*BOOP*"
"How I felt the first time I sold something on eBay"
"Oh  so you got a ton of karma for your birthday? This is how reddit responded to mine."
"When people post only for upvotes"
"Whenever theists ask me to give their beliefs any respect."
"Drop the bass"
"Music makes you lose control!"
"Drop the Bass (X-Post from r/WTF)"
"Look at this!!!"
"Something Doesn't Fit"
"*boop*"
"FUCKAH YOU DOLPHIN!!"
"Downvote from the depths..."
"I got way too excited when I saw this."
"I wouldn't even know where to begin..."
"He went back for seconds"
"The worst part is how he just keeps on chewing..."
"I just... I just don't know.."
"Dat shit cray"
"I craw so hard"
"I see your Dexter cupcakes and raise you a Dexter cake"
"Is your housemate an atheist? One urination away..lol"
"so your house mate is an atheist: i had a good laugh at this one"
"Can you guess?"
"I must go  my people need me."
"This is how I'll leave the room on my last day of class."
"Have you been drinking again?"
"The more I read about religion the more I feel like this..."
"My reaction when I found out my friend made front page TWICE IN ONE DAY"
"Realized I missed my cake day..."
"Whenever I play Dark Souls."
"View of our Galaxy from Earth"
"Contender for Astronomy Photographer of the Year 2012 The Milky Way from the Uludag National Park in Turkey"
"Dance"
"Nightmare fuel"
"Baby Polar Bear Belly Tickles!"
"Run for your lives."
"Saddle up! Oh wait..."
"Ever wondered how photographers take pictures of rock climbers? [FIXED]"
"Looking at the GoneWild submissions  on 'new'. SFW"
"Fire the penis... cannon?"
"Rainbow horse jizzing a rainbow"
"I know how you feel... It's been hot out there"
"The only reason to play Roller Coaster Tycoon 3"
"CHOO CHOO  MOTHERF*CKERS. CHOOOOOOOO."
"Canadian Standoff"
"Dragon Warrior  you are not ..."
"I got this...I got this...SONOFABITCH!"
"Sleep tight (Xpost from r/creepy)"
"The real reason children become frustrated adults"
"Disney and Porn are to blame"
"My cake day and no Karma machines."
"flamingo?!"
"Eruption of lightning"
"I wonder why the one guy starts clapping"
"American diplomacy"
"Douchebag of the year."
"A dog walking 3 puppies"
"Actually had this happen with a homeless gay"
"Oh god"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPEEEEEEE"
"I see your Bubbles and raise you.... Bubbles"
"Lenticular Clouds"
"Can't we settle this with a game of Calvin Ball?"
"Give this man exactly what he deserves"
"Gaben explained"
"Where do I get one of these?"
"I want this at my next birthday"
"I like to move it  move it"
"Everyday I'm Shufflin'"
"How me and my friends dance every time Party Rock Anthem comes on."
"This One Is Easy"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Finally got 10 000 total views on Youtube"
"Why I date black women"
"Rainbow Ladybug"
"I was helping my little brother with a science project. It was on sea horses. Google gave us this."
"Dwight Schrute on the subject of life"
"Come with me  brother"
"I don't know why  but I found this really funny."
"First post on reddit  this is what I gather reddit is made of"
"I give to you  the very first 9gag post"
"Time to Die"
"OPA GANGNAM FRIES!!!!"
"Olympians in training making it look easy"
"High Jump Fail"
"Sir are you ready to order"
"A decision must be made..."
"I doubt she is from reddit. (NSFW)"
"This will definitely help me do my business better"
"I'll see your Gangnam Starbucks cup and raise you an actual &quot;Sexy Latte&quot; from my friend's Blenz."
"She's quite limber."
"How the..."
"WHAT IN THE FLYING FUCK?!"
"wtf spider  i don't even.."
"The truth about no fap September"
"Hello?"
"The Circle of Life"
"Yeah  more or less."
"What reddit reacts like when I say that my facebook friends don't post memes"
"My experience so far with everything I post."
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"Every time I come to Reddit."
"my thoughts after coming home from the bars to find my cousin's ex and her female friend asleep in my bed"
"He did a speech and some other stuff."
"12"
"Guatemala  1976"
"I see all your insect faces and raise you two faces..."
"My friend's pumpkin"
"Horses are kinda dicks sometimes"
"How certain substances affect the aging process.[FIXED]"
"Cthulhu for president"
"They're on to us!"
"Hope for the hopeless: An Angel in the sky near Colorado Springs."
"First Post Ever: An Angel In The Sky Near Colorado Springs!!"
"Nonsense..."
"Ladies  in need of some amazing nail art? Why not Zoidberg?"
"So true. SFW"
"She carries the sun!"
"My first thought when looking out my window"
"A photo opportunity  of sorts.."
"Candy cigarette [FIXED]"
"Take this test  the answers are on the bottom."
"No  ima save u!"
"Jerk off material for a month (SFW......?)"
"My worst nightmare"
"Creepy Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"Obama telling a scary story."
"Crazy plant like thing growing from a chemical reaction"
"Please do"
"How I feel in my Computer Science class sometimes"
"Just another one of those days in the office on a Saturday"
"Cat Norris..."
"How to make Melbourne a better place"
"Seems like the Dalai Lama is the only religious leader with a sense of humor."
"Simply the best."
"HIFW I see a happy couple"
"Damn  this guy loves his tortoise."
"I'm missing my turtle!"
"Soup of the Day in Texas"
"I've been watching the DailyShow lately and this is what I think whenever a government official says anything based in religion"
"This little one is exhausted"
"Reality inspired by Disney"
"What a glorious meowstache"
"I bet most redditors wish this guy was them."
"who I like to believe created Reddit"
"CAT BEARD. Now Give me Cake Day Upvotes."
"Googled &quot;how to make it to the front page of Reddit&quot; found what im looking for"
"This years hottest BEARD accessory [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Hank Hill said it best"
"Dancin Doctas"
"Seeing a Starry Night"
"Just amazing!"
"Just another normal day in North Queensland  Australia."
"I have been expecting you"
"33 000 people live in here  in only 6.5 acres of land"
"Ready or not  Here I come!"
"Supermodels with and without makeup/Photoshop"
"How I feel as a North Carolinian who voted against A1 to everyone generalizing the state as bigots"
"When my pokemon hurts itself in confusion to death"
"Just a slow loris"
"You will..."
"Yes. Yes I did."
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"20 million karma to the one who can explain what's going on in this picture"
"Kill...me...."
"I have never been more turned on in my life [NSFW]"
"Protests in Sydney  Australia [fixed]"
"I'm curious what joke Prince Philip and Michelle Obama are sharing"
"Best friends forever"
"Ron Swanson on alcohol"
"Chris Brown's Halloween costume... because people just don't hate him enough yet?!"
"World's Fastest Guitar Player"
"I noticed a striking resemblance ..."
"Ahhhhh... Ah! Cold!"
"This baby gorillas face expression is priceless."
"Farnsworth in HD"
"I'll die for sure."
"My freind sent me this in math. Need less to say I was sent to the office for laughing to hard."
"Starving Dementor"
"Grumpy Patronus"
"Grumpy cat fends off dementors...."
"Paris in The Year 2100"
"Wonder Woma.... OMG"
"baby sloth"
"Should you be doing that  Officer?"
"Breakin the law!"
"Snapped this photo on my local highway. I title it &quot;my get out of jail free card&quot;"
"Got ya!"
"Bizzaro does it again."
"Vince Catter"
"Hang in there!"
"Mood swing"
"Redneck Condos"
"Well said House  well said..."
"House on religious people"
"Arguing with most Christians"
"How I imagine other redditors when they complain about a repost."
"Very Clever Camouflage..."
"Didn't see that coming..."
"Mumbled eggs"
"Purple Mantis"
"I wish I could quit you reddit."
"Found this  thought r/atheism will appreciate it."
"When suddenly  a wild oven appears!"
"We don't want any."
"Who's there?"
"So I was at the store today and knocked over some frisbees  then walked back into a stack of toys and it all came down. This is what it looked (and felt) like."
"Coming Home Drunk"
"Target of Opportunity"
"How I feel eating dinner in front of my pothead roommates"
"Whenever there's a Steam giveaway"
"The KFC witness protection program"
"just a slip of the eyebrows"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art  but she doesn't think it's very good. What does reddit think?"
"my girlfriends art never ceases to amaze me."
"Sneak peak at the new RoboCop suit"
"First picture of the new ROBOCOP. Thoughts?"
"NEW ROBOCOP"
"How I felt and thought when my teacher embaressed me on Monday nights class."
"Sometimes I do too."
"Why does this exist?"
"Every time I hear Muslim anger about Muhammad being depicted"
"How I get from the bed to the shower on a Monday morning."
"Right in the childhood."
"Gotta love rugrats"
"Stuffed Animal Sniggle"
"A Kitten Hugging A Doll"
"Slo-Mo Bullet"
"Two NYPD officers having a disagreement"
"Struggling with who you're going to vote for? Snoop breaks it down"
"The perfect upper-cut."
"The only unprotected wifi name seems like a bad choice..."
"I've never been more terrified of a wireless network"
"How I look when my boss comes to check up."
"My favorite Christmas song"
"Best Disguise Mask Ever"
"The ultimate disguise."
"dude  wtf!"
"Just a treehouse"
"China has a thing for running over people"
"Saw this on my newsfeed today"
"The Baby King"
"Irony"
"Feuer Frei!"
"Pure Laziness"
"Seemed most informative... But I don't know if you're completely right or not"
"So this is how boomerangs work..."
"[FB] I'll be saving some good money today!"
"So I found this picture in my summer album...Zero Fucks Given."
"Cute corgi in the sand!"
"He Got Busted Mid Haircut."
"Better then any 3D chalk art. - Imgur"
"Mirror Mirror"
"Ron has all the answers."
"i just made an upvote gif"
"Hey  he was saving the rest for later"
"manual car rage"
"Stumbled across this gif and thought that yakity sax would fit it perfectly. I was right."
"The devil went down to Georgia."
"Bad Luck Brian"
"What is your Major?"
"The origin of Ermahgerd"
"I guess I know who I'm voting for."
"We all grew up to be like Squidward."
"Well that's one thing you can do if you're bored.."
"Look At This Crap You've Put In My Bowl!"
"Respect the tapestry....."
"Kiss The Cook"
"Sup bro?"
"Sup Bro."
"Your mother."
"As an Asian  when I once petted a stranger's dog and he jokingly said  'Don't eat him!'"
"6 months ago  my girlfriend cheated. This was my response when she told me today that she wanted to be friends"
"My internet tastes by mood."
"1 Brain  2 Minds"
"The human brain"
"So I'm building my first gaming PC....."
"The Right To Bear Arms"
"What's the one thing you need in a bear attack?"
"Secret Asian Man"
"Why is this a thing?"
"It's just a joke..."
"How I imagine the thought process of all of us."
"How I feel when the OP doesn't respond to advice I spent an hour typing"
"How Frankie Muniz Feels About Bryan Cranston's Success."
"Ha! This was great."
"Nerdy Girls"
"*Pat pat pat*"
"Agent Dash doesn't like seeing the same thing twice..."
"Badass"
"One rim to rule them all"
"One rim to rule them all (x-post /r/bicycling)"
"look at that cocksucker(sfw)"
"So the new Mars Rover looks pretty badass... (far right)"
"Size comparison of Mars rovers. Sojourner is the size of one of Curiosity's wheels! [5 723 × 2 889]"
"All three Mars rovers  a size comparison (x-post from /r/Science)"
"Not what you want to find for a late-night snack"
"Sometimes too much honesty is a bad thing"
"How it feels trying to download something with pop-ups."
"Whenever my phone rings while waiting to hear from a girl. [GIF]"
"I said I'd &quot;think about&quot; my boyfriend getting us a tarantula..."
"I tell you hwat."
"The truth"
"True Colors"
"Crack Kills [NSFW]"
"I can't be the only one..."
"What a little......!"
"A THIEF"
"Hahahaha-no."
"Was this supposed to be a political photoshoot??"
"military ownage"
"Nailed it."
"Happy Halloween as Sarah Jessica Parker"
"Well.... this happened"
"Never mess with a hungry Fat Kid"
"I found ice growing out of a rail"
"No  THIS hammock wins."
"It's terminal"
"I see your doctor dog  and I raise you one Doctor Cat MD"
"How Reddit feels right now."
"You're no gentleman"
"The photobomb she'll never forget."
"BWWAHH!!"
"I guess foxes are learning better ways to get around.."
"[Spotted] The perfect paint scheme for a smart."
"Segal takes out some anger"
"deal with it (xpost from r/gifs)"
"Googled &quot;Best picture on the internet&quot;. This was the first result."
"So I googled &quot;best picture on the internet&quot;"
"not really sure where this belongs...."
"So I Googled &quot;So I Googled&quot; and the results were predictable  and obviously a repost."
"OANC"
"Overly Attached Nicolas Cage"
"Overly attached Nicholas Cage."
"AquariRoom [445x1024]"
"Well that's a little disturbing..."
"I think this is fake."
"just a guy shitting in midair while doing a cannonball"
"Curse you  Darwin!"
"Makes my brain go WTF?"
"Just Camping"
"The four elements"
"Falcon Version of Puppy Dog Eyes"
"BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL!"
"Exit Stage Right."
"Duck  Duck  ..."
"Soon."
"Come on  camera man  get your head in the game... [NSFW]"
"Don't mind me [FIXED]"
"That feeling before unsubscribing from a sub-reddit."
"When I read the texts I sent at 4 am after a night out..."
"I can't believe that only a little more than a century separates the Wright Brothers and this man."
"Green eggs and ham"
"The question that must be asked"
"Trees + NSFW = WTF"
"What happened to this beauty?"
"Fucking United States of America"
"rape vault."
"Accidental Anal"
"Just when i think my post might get to the front page"
"HUMP EVERYWHERE!"
"I Blame the Parents"
"The Danxia Landform  China"
"I think he is in a sticky situation"
"Story of my life..."
"Priceless"
"Nope!"
"Denied!"
"Entrance Denied"
"Now that's loyalty. I tear up a bit almost every time..."
"At first I was excited about my cake day. Then I considered today's date..."
"How I feel every time I browse through /b/"
"Sand at 4X magnification"
"Grains of sand"
"Bad Ass Seniors!"
"Two birds  one stone."
"Hitler taking a nice ride at night"
"Well that's not very helpful..."
"I never knew you could do this..."
"I guess Japanese baseball players have springs for legs"
"Enough bitching here because..."
"Swiping the debit card the day before payday"
"Awwwters"
"[]_[]"
"Got a problem with that?"
"Mortal Kombat (x-post from r/standupshots)"
"Browsing the Internet today."
"This is how I feel about my favorite subreddit right now."
"Visiting the gym for the first time after the birth of my daughter"
"Everytime I walk through Megaton in Fallout"
"Started work training and can't reddit all day. This is how I feel."
"I leave for a couple of days...whats this about talking to the President?"
"After taking a look at the first few pages..."
"Thousands of spiders climb a tree trying to escape flood waters. NOPE."
"I see your cloud tree and raise you... a spider tree"
"I got a new Facebook."
"True meaning of a Facebook"
"Come at me bro."
"Made me feel very happy."
"Me leaving work today."
"very unfortunate name"
"Feeling sad? I was but then I found this..."
"Keep your hipster and ultra-modern apartments. I need to live like THIS."
"Dreaming of days long gone"
"Well I was considering dropping this class anyway"
"They got maried on halloween. Nailed it"
"I just found out financial aid gave me a full pell grant for college"
"My various reactions to changing my language setting to &quot;pirate&quot;."
"Lets Go Fishing"
"Well Too Bad!"
"Spider watching itself dance in a mirror"
"Feel the Burn!"
"There you are!"
"PARTY HARD!!!!!1one"
"Club can't even handle me right now..."
"Party Hard!"
"If I could do that  chicks would be all over me... But I can't"
"Damn eye floaters are getting worse."
"Get out of my eyes!"
"Not sure if a Gif."
"Anybody Else get these things? Why do they happen?"
"He fell asleep after the news."
"The Nor'easter naming list for 2012-2013 looks like they took names from random fantasy books and movies and called it a day."
"Back off devil"
"I love this little kid. Oh what have they done to you. Found on FB"
"Anderson Cooper being a BADASS"
"Anderson Cooper being a badass"
"I would trust this man with my life."
"That's his eager face..."
"Jim Jeffries on Dying (Wallpaper)"
"Searched for 'metal photo'  wasn't disappointed."
"&quot;Raiders Of The Lost Ark&quot; In One Small GIF  Start To Finish"
"I think a name change is in order"
"White House photo of Obama and his national security team following events in the Bin Laden operation (FIXED)"
"Found this gem at a local diamond exchange..."
"Found This Gem."
"check out this gem i found!"
"I give baby elephants for your judgement"
"Baby elephants playing in a pool [x-post r/gifs]"
"Good luck with this one Santa!"
"Portal Christmas tree win"
"I want this shiny device SO much!"
"Cats are freaking weird. I try to avoid them whenever possible."
"This made me wtf a thousand times over"
"One girl less to date"
"Quick  honey! Get the camera!"
"The Great War of 1914: An interpretation"
"The Great War 1914: Europe"
"Bail."
"And I thought I hated flossing..."
"Business Cat on Profits"
"Business Cat"
"Free dog souls with conversion"
"Happy Baby"
"Charlie Brown is the truth"
"Oh No You Didn't!"
"Zero...zero fucks given"
"Ironman living up to his name"
"Iron Man"
"I feel really bad for laughing at this."
"Damn  he chose the wrong person to rob."
"Bowling Master"
"Checkmate  Atheists."
"I don't know about the rest of you  but this is pretty much how I became a brony."
"FINALLY BEAT THIS  a burden that has existed since childhood now lifted!"
"This was my first zombie game  anyone else remember this?"
"my friends kitty loves his little sheep."
"This made me laugh harder then it probably should have."
"Poloroid recursion"
"Just another dog vs cat lightsabre fight.."
"Throwing your own poo. It's not a good look."
"Yum."
"What's that  mom? We're stopping for ice cream!?! [gif]"
"How I imagine a novelty account acts when they find an apropos comment."
"I just discovered karma"
"Just moved in with my BF today!"
"Retoast"
"Flap flap flap flap flap."
"Dem flaps."
"Flap that shit"
"Flippy Floppy [NSFW]"
"joining Reddit ="
"About to beat my boyfriend to the 1000 mark in karma."
"If you can't find the book that you're looking for  then..."
"Can't touch this!"
"&quot;Hey guys  watch this!&quot;"
"North Dakota: Arrive a Guest. Leave a Legend."
"The bow tops it off"
"Friend of mine just posted this on my wall for my birthday. It's either came from here or it belongs here."
"Getting vertical."
"Never forget who the *REAL* badass was"
"Come at me bro"
"Silhouette by Alexander Khokhlov"
"Problem  placekicker?"
"This sign had a letter out."
"Bill Nye keeps it real."
"This little piggy...."
"Prehistoric comic"
"Surprise!"
"Ohhhh you shouldn't have!"
"What...The...Fuck...."
"New fear tactics for PC check websites"
"White people"
"LET ME OUT"
"cat in a can"
"Peek-a-Boo."
"What's cooking good-looking?"
"r/bearswithbeaks....? I have no words."
"Up Baby"
"So I saw this on my Facebook. Pretty sure it doesn't make a difference..."
"It's not terrorism if you have SWAG."
"I see your epic night sky and raise you an epic night walk"
"Fry meme"
"A young Michael Phelps"
"Still the funniest GIF I have come across ever."
"Soon"
"Thorgi: Dog of thunder"
"I laughed way too hard at this..."
"Fake sleep"
"Fancy Cat"
"Googled something reddit would like..."
"I know who I'll be voting for this November."
"I'd buy it."
"These aren't my glasses"
"Meanwhile  at McDonald's in Virginia Beach"
"Snoop DOG"
"Partiers beware."
"Oh Jew! (x-post from ImGoingToHellForThis)"
"how i felt watching my brothers get birthday presents when i was younger"
"My new favourite gif."
"so my friend works at FedEx...so many iPhones"
"A vagina from a gay man’s perspective"
"Putting the spark back into the relationship."
"Spread it all (x-post from /r/WTF"
"You had one job....one!"
"Don't be scared"
"This was the most frustrating part of my childhood. [Fixed]"
"I know some of you don't give a shit about sports but... FOOTBALL'S BACK!!"
"My reaction to hearing that Sony  Nintendo and EA stopped supporting SOPA."
"When I get an answer right in class.."
"me after browsing Reddit for the first time with RES"
"I just got a 40 hour/week job after job hunting and working 6 hours/week for the last year. This sums it up."
"Juice"
"This hits home for me"
"Restaurant in a cave"
"What...why..."
"Llama surfing"
"Quite WTF worthy..."
"Advice from a tree. True to life."
"Let's not turn this..."
"Shh"
"playing imgur roulette and found this"
"Sir!"
"All wet"
"I watch it for the plot"
"Finals Motivation"
"Hula hoops in a cup of coffee"
"Who'd have thought dunking hula hoops in your coffee would have been so beautiful"
"Realization."
"amazing photo of almost 2 000 canoes setting a world record on Fourth Lake in New York's adirondacks. taken by Nancie Battaglia"
"This is how i feel about wealthy Republicans complaining about taxes"
"Chill cat not giving a fuck"
"Definitely an Allstar."
"Googled &quot;well that&quot; and this is what it gave me. Didn't see it ending that way."
"I ain't got time for bitches  gotta keep my mind on all my compositions"
"now you can pee like a guy"
"Again  science comes through where nature has failed."
"You are so not invited to my birthday party!"
"Hi I'm Johnny Knoxville and welcome to Jackass."
"Looking to buy a good pair of headphones? Use this image."
"how i feel when my friends ask me to upvote their posts"
"Wow  nature is awesome"
"Northern Lights and Milky Way  near the North Pole."
"Can't. Stop. Watching........ just goes round round"
"Everytime I Stumble Upon a Facebook &quot;Timeline&quot; Profile"
"How I felt when I saw the front page a few minutes ago."
"How I felt logging on to reddit and seeing all the 'faces of /atheism' posts"
"Walked in on my roommate hooking up with someone last night."
"Tuning into the Olympic's Closing Ceremony an seeing One Direction"
"r/WTF after being reinstated as truly WTF related topics"
"When my parents start talking to me about losing my virginity."
"Deep throating"
"Scumbag Redditor"
"Redditor overdoses a stolen dog with anesthesia. All for the delicious karma."
"To everyone who is about to graduate college"
"I found this out the hard way"
"For those who may not like rap that much."
"Non-native English speaker problem"
"Romney Gangnam Style"
"Mitt Romgnam Style"
"The real Bad Luck Brian."
"This is pretty much the worst video ever made"
"What I think when people post exercise updates to Facebook."
"It's All in the Hat"
"In honor of Canada Day  America: Canada's Shorts"
"Accidentally clicking a link tagged for gore"
"Wait..what..OHH SHIT ABORT!"
"I would much rather have this guy as president than Michele Bachmann"
"Seal trolling an unexpecting tourist..."
"Troll Seal"
"For Christ's sake  use the taser!!"
"surprise adoption"
"Surprise adoption"
"Someone must be tired"
"Lighter side of war"
"We need to sign this guy to block for Rivers! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"American History X (Kinect version)"
"Delusion"
"Every time someone asks me why I know pointless facts or creepy information..."
"This will change your life"
"how the internet feels about religion"
"The problem with asking the internet."
"Really?"
"I'm glad the internet agrees on one thing."
"As am I..."
"Well now that's just plain silly.."
"a win for the internet [FIXED]"
"Really  internet??"
"Now that is nuts...."
"Historia de arte"
"Remember the joy of seeing this for the first time?"
"After a year as a Redditor I've completely mastered the skill of..."
"4 year old with bone cancer who lit the bat signal met Christian Bale."
"I’ve invited two mortal enemies to game night."
"C-C-C-C-CHOO-CHOO"
"Pingu"
"James Bond never loses at Monopoly"
"When you realize mid-sentence that your argument is wrong..."
"How I felt after my first post on Reddit"
"stolen ipod"
"The new fad"
"Bee Cat Fail"
"Orthodontist please  you need braces"
"This is what halloween is all about..."
"kinect and cats don't mix well"
"Ninja wing-man...BEST. DECISION. EVER!"
"What keeps Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters so grounded?"
"Wild leopard goes for a swim"
"How I look when my parents walk in on me masturbating."
"Party Hard"
"When someone who has never read the books asks me who dies in Deathly Hallows:"
"So I Google'd Nicolas Cage"
"The glory that is Nic Cage."
"Mmmmm Oreos"
"I don't know about you guys  but I'm still waiting for another game like this."
"Good Point"
"I think this is what the 99% are talking about"
"How everyone feels about [fb] posts"
"I'm letting goooo"
"The driver has no fucks to give."
"Grammar is important  kids!"
"Why I Still Use the Oxford Comma [FIXED]"
"And they say he isn't beautiful"
"Internets"
"It has already begun...."
"Brace yourselves (Big Bang Theory)"
"College kids are starting to go home..."
"How i feel working at a movie theater this week."
"Only 30 000 left."
"Oh boy here it comes..."
"[Meme] Brace Yourselves..."
"Everyone's an expert in Samsung vs Apple"
"So many home improvement posts"
"ball of kitten"
"It's father's day and Dad won't answer the phone."
"When I try to pet my cats"
"USA &amp; Mexico Border"
"Some kids just grow up differently"
"CATCH IT! [X-Post from r/Pokemon}"
"Water so clear  it looks like air."
"probably true"
"Clicking a NSFW link and finding something NSFL."
"Power was out all weekend  but I still had a good time. Took this picture as proof."
"Super cool ski instructor has a message to all you directv customers"
"Bus vs. Bird"
"Still one of the best gif's to ever exist"
"WHY!?"
"50 shades"
"Prior to the 2012 NFL season..."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"I was not in a good mood today"
"I've heard a lot about this..."
"Soon."
"This was my reaction to hearing Lil Wayne saying YOLO and no one wanting to change the radio."
"Today is the day we take the stairs..."
"The world's most expensive dog  a red Tibetan Mastiff  can be yours for only $1.5 million."
"Saw this at school today."
"Catnip Not...Even...Once"
"My generation's..."
"This guy."
"Chicken Nuggets  omnonmonomnom."
"The Dark Knight Converts"
"The state of Dark Souls PVP:"
"Accidentally combining these still is the best mistake I ever made."
"The Hills are alive."
"Paper due tomorrow  I am on track"
"A giraffe licking a squirrel (courtesy to beautiful-animals.com)."
"Just a giraffe &amp; a squirrel"
"Two things I hate"
"Say hi to Roger"
"Tornado tracks"
"As a surfer and a man  I don't know whether to cum or cum"
"DRIVE"
"Just some guys"
"I imagine that this was the best joke ever told."
"Something tells me I wouldn't be allowed in this bar..."
"This is a true 10."
"Skullduggery....(hy dob)"
"How I feel when my very first post on my cake day is instantly downvoted."
"Are we still doing the Paula Dean/Katey Perry thing?"
"Crash  Smash. Cycle of life. [647x485]"
"7:59"
"get out the way"
"Norway."
"The Mayor of London dancing to the Spice Girls at the Olympic Closing Ceremony"
"But it's true"
"You just never get over it."
"What is the most powerful Pokemon?"
"Magikarp futhermocker!"
"See thru frog"
"The Space Shuttle Atlantis over the Bahamas  right before docking at the ISS."
"Bike race with Car"
"My sex life"
"Shake ya Ass"
"Yeah Bitch  You Like That?"
"Kittens Stalking!&lt;3"
"How I feel during a math exam"
"Having my drivers license exam within 8 hours... this is how I imagine how I'll be sitting there"
"So cute I can't even stand it"
"Boop!"
"Turkish magazine cover over upcoming raises on gas &amp; electricity prices featuring PM Erdoğan"
"How I feel after my original content gets downvoted"
"Hurricane Isaac really hit my town hard. The damage was devastating."
"Delmar: The Life  the Legend"
"How I feel about tonight's award show..."
"A few tips for budding writers out there."
"Ghetto Pool."
"....."
"Oh ya know...just someone skydiving from space."
"Felix Baumgartner as he prepares to jump from over 21 000 meters on March 15  2012."
"Felix Baumgartner as he prepares to jump from over 21 000 meters on March 15  2012."
"Pure Adrenaline Rush! [Warning: Not for Acrophobics]"
"Meanwhile in Korea... Found this on r/wtf"
"Breaking News"
"My chicken tender was inappropriate looking"
"&quot;A beautiful story of faith and unquestioning love...&quot;"
"Abraham Hitchslapped"
"When will I have my first period?"
"No Questions Asked"
"I'm itching to play Battlefield 3  but my glasses broke last night. I feel a lot like this guy."
"Butterfly with glass-like wings."
"Terraced Rice Fields in China"
"So my little cousin posted on FB that he was bored and gave everyone his new phone number... (pic)"
"My mind at the end of the school day."
"What a friend"
"Shaun White's reaction to marijuana"
"Walking Table"
"North Korea's &quot;Long-Range Missile&quot;"
"How i feel today"
"Oh  hey real jesus"
"Cat with a mustache. No  seriously..."
"My friends response to all the recent MH news for us without nintendo consoles"
"Fucking Commies!"
"Every title I could think of made me feel guilty/racist. I laughed anyway."
"Found this in an unrelated google image search"
"Gangsta rap made em' do it.."
"Just having some tea....AHHHHHHHHH"
"Made it just in time"
"Found while searching through Google Images... [NSFW]"
"How i feel when people keep asking me about marriage and kids..."
"Puffins gonna..."
"How I feel as a college student on Christmas break"
"After 2 bong rips"
"Nicolas Cage"
"I love this comic"
"Playing with my Call of duty with my grandpa."
"Found this when I was going random. Um... OK."
"How to be awesome..."
"Not bad [reversed]"
"What my new puppy must be thinking as I try to train him."
"Truthful Picture is Truthful"
"This is Nagasaki before and after the atomic bomb was dropped."
"every time I see a post about how much karma someone got."
"When my vibrator breaks mid-masturbation (sfw)"
"Anytime a student raises an argument with the teacher."
"And his wife said he'd never need all that dirt."
"Burglars are getting smarter"
"Every. Fucking. Time."
"Dont let this happen to me"
"I do this shit all the time  I'm sure you do it too"
"Never. Ever. Give them up."
"My Mind Is Full Of Fuck"
"Mmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssenn hhhueeennn yaaaaa mama hisi buba..."
"Hipster Puppy."
"Hipster dog is hipster"
"Biggest Douche In Gaming [Fixed]"
"When I make an honest attempt on r/adviceanimals"
"Nope? What about you? Nope? Okay.."
"Oh  youtube..."
"How I feel taking my morning shit."
"Some of us have a sexual fantasies  and then there's this guy..."
"A day in the life..."
"Balaa sink hole"
"Three tiered"
"The irony"
"Awkward Business card for an Apple Specialist."
"Meet Sam Sung  your Apple Specialist."
"Samsung has a Spy working for Apple"
"Well isn't this ironic"
"My thoughts during algebra class."
"albino gorilla"
"Nobody Fucks with The Jesus' Last Supper"
"So I saw this on Facebook... WTF"
"Oh  so that's how pandas are made!"
"my iguana bubbles"
"Bubbles!"
"After the debate last night (x-post /funny)"
"My favorite face swap to date"
"How Chad Kroeger cuts his hair"
"Diet Bacon"
"Feels good man"
"Found this on my FB wall. Wow... just wow."
"The difference the 'flash sales' seem to make"
"Me whenever I hear someone say they like Justin Bieber."
"One of the best Calvin and Hobbes"
"It's a Religion!"
"Staring directly into your soul."
"While I'm watching the London 2012 Olympics opening ceremony"
"Coincidence?!? I think not..."
"Working Gif."
"I can't stop watching"
"I think I have a new outlook on life..."
"I found a stone that looks like the smallest brick phone ever"
"Elementary school rage"
"I always think of Beaker when I take my vitamins"
"Hydro"
"So my ex (who did the dumping) asked if the place where I work had any jobs going.."
"Close call x 2 combo"
"surely not.."
"Taxonomy test. My students are clever."
"We all do weird shit when no one is home."
"Robert Kitty Jr."
"Every time my roommate gets pizza delivered"
"So…uhm  this exists…"
"Every time I leave the liquor store"
"When girls overdose on makeup..."
"Um  I'll stick with salt and pepper  thanks. (funny  WTF)"
"Oh right...cant eat humans"
"Chameleowned."
"When I try to fit in with the cool kids"
"How I feel having one successful post"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Ahh  my childhood."
"Why I don't like FB. Thanks newsfeed!"
"Utterly Sexy? (potential nsfw)"
"So this came up on my fb feed... [NSFW?]"
"The horrible effects of Methamphetamine."
"Not even once."
"Meth: Not even once."
"when my boyfriend is eating me out"
"Jim &quot;Goyte&quot; Lehrer"
"I think Canadians are now vandalising playgrounds."
"I think Canadians are now vandalising my local playground"
"If you don't study"
"STAND BACK"
"How my science teacher acts whenever she finds something she hasn't seen before"
"Stand Back"
"Guess he is trotting through the storm."
"Trotting through the hurricane. (X-Post from /wtf)"
"Happy Birthday BITCH"
"Master of the （╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Oh shit..Oh shit"
"The life [PIC]"
"Fapping in the 80's"
"Googled &quot;Best picture ever&quot; and this was a result...."
"Did you know that Scrooge McDuck is Donald's Uncle?"
"How I feel with Allergies during the Fall."
"I've never seen such fear"
"pugs always look like they just recalled something they had forgotten to do. - Imgur"
"Oh yes  we are the droids you were looking for."
"A Lesson that Christians  Muslims  and Atheists need to learn."
"Screw your Tardis"
"Mach 5"
"Can't stop staring at this"
"So I accidently hit next on imgur..."
"Cant...stop...looking...at it - Imgur"
"Meanwhile......at the hospital"
"Mother of Pumpkin"
"Well  that's disturbing..."
"Where is your God now?"
"How I feel everyday living here..."
"Sneak peek at Robert Downey Jr.'s new action figure."
"I don't even know"
"looks like im not sleeping anymore"
"I have no idea why i had this in my documents folder"
"When I turned 7 I asked for a barbie. When My sister turned 7 she asked for this..."
"So that's how it all started..."
"Goddamnit 9GAG"
"Goddamnit 9GAG"
"Goddamnit 9GAG"
"No bacon for this Narwhal..."
"Anyone else in love with these things?"
"Remember: At least twice a day."
"iPhone 4S vs. iPhone 5"
"How I think everybody feels about posting anything related to the Steam sale"
"This guy"
"I heard you like aircraft.."
"How things went when me friend convinced me to try parkour with him"
"He seems to be lost"
"The response I get whenever I ask my redditor friends if they remember Nate Dern"
"Everyone on Reddit loves Bill Nye. Can't this guy get any love? He taught me science!"
"Slo-mo breaking glass"
"Slo-motion wine glass being broke"
"Me and my co workers when my boss says we can leave early"
"4 years free from the Olympics."
"Oh. My. God. Cannot unsee [NSFW] [NSFL]"
"wat. A true WTF.. [NSFL]"
"Just looking at this photo causes me physical pain. NSFL."
"Yes  this is dog. [GIF]"
"never knew this existed in gif format"
"I literally cannot stop staring at this."
"All the fucking time."
"&quot;I love facebook like you love cock.&quot;"
"My dad's a woman's rights activist"
"little discussed consequence of viral infections"
"lJust call me MC Cuddles!"
"Gangsta"
"Bleh."
"I'm turning green!"
"Soccer trolling"
"Best background I've ever had."
"first thing that popped up when I looked up a gif relating to the words &quot;sure  why not?&quot;"
"Curiosity Posts Self-Pic"
"Curiosity Rover Posts a Self-Pic"
"Hi Res self shot of Mars rover Curiosity"
"Sounds about right"
"I would obviously have to let the building burn down!"
"Nope  I'd let the whole place burn down."
"1980s Gaming [Fixed]"
"Batman in a Lambo? I raise you Vader in an Atom."
"This  is how you appeal to Non-Atheists"
"It's a tough choice.."
"Ready the cannons!"
"My 3 month old pit puppy brought me a ball"
"Solar System"
"This is definitely NOT what I ordered.."
"Best Valentine ever!"
"if it fits..it sits"
"Delicious birthday cake flame"
"Wave of the Future."
"Don't we all love smashing things in Slow-mo?"
"Who's ready for an Adventure?"
"How I felt after shaving my legs as a man"
"Anytime I try to be witty on reddit."
"Accepting a friend on FB then seeing what they share..."
"Perfectly Executed!!"
"I've been expecting you"
"Turning my boyfriend into a vampire."
"Deadliest legs in film history"
"when i get complimented for my good job at work after a hard day of doing nothing."
"Snozberries..."
"Random letters in imgur"
"Chain reaction puppies =)"
"Found in a Sky Mall catalog at 38k feet..."
"While I nodded  nearly napping  suddenly there came a tapping  As of a kitty gently rapping  rapping at my chamber door."
"Oh Blake"
"Blake with Blake."
"Replying to OP"
"Stephen Hawking and bride on his wedding day in 1965"
"Young Stephen Hawking"
"Stephen Hawking Before Wheelchair"
"Pretty awesome shoes i may say"
"Booga Booga"
"my cakeday in a parallel universe"
"These guys run this shit"
"We Run This Shit"
"&quot;I see no god up here&quot;"
"Ass Bitch Pussy Cock (SFW....Really)"
"When I finish Jerking off"
"How I do sex [Fixed][Fixed]"
"Ah. The impact of changing one thing... Whole new picture."
"This might be creep you out"
"Baby turtle!"
"Hey  that's nea- WAIT  WHAT?"
"This made my head feel funny"
"I finally gathered up enough courage to visit r/spacedicks..."
"Decided to check out r/spacedicks..."
"I think you may have skipped a step..."
"My reaction when someone asks to copy my homework."
"the difference between men and women"
"Denied"
"Sweet beats falling on deaf ears. [OC]"
"Am I the only one who thinks they're stoned?"
"These Reddit ads are getting a little ridiculous"
"I love silly moose"
"Finding Mama..."
"Twitter account of the year [FIXED]"
"Just Keanu Reeves...oh ok"
"Angsty Keanu"
"How to save someone from a fire"
"Three condoms please"
"Albert Wesker's new sidekick"
"Sea foam engulfs Scottish village"
"True dedication"
"boss fight"
"Cup of Duck"
"Nope  doesn't fit."
"Perfect."
"Just a hat"
"Most hilarious halloween costume idea I've seen so far."
"Still one of my favorite cat pictures"
"Gudvangen  Norway"
"These gun control laws... Quite Ironic"
"Mistakes into miracles"
"Googled &quot;googly eyes&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"Einstein had interesting taste in shoes..."
"One of the best costumes so far"
"boxing - you're doing it wrong."
"Even though it was a short appearance I really liked the Robin in Batman: Arkham City."
"OH YEAH!!!!"
"This cracks me up EVERY time. Thanks for an amazing first year  Reddit."
"My Last Day As A Camp Counselor"
"When I realized I missed my Cake Day because my boss called me in last minute."
"Trying to move out in the middle of the semester."
"Brings a hole new meaning to &quot;I've got your back&quot; (x-post from pics)"
"If I can't find a job come graduation"
"Let's post more of this"
"I'm an atheist!"
"Uhm...Acquaintances?"
"The coolest way to learn French in the 90's"
"What a Douche"
"College Engineering"
"Fuck you"
"The World's Angriest-looking Cat"
"How redditors get in shape"
"I think this lil guy is tired of swimming everywhere"
"Overly Attached Facebook"
"My favorite Christmas WTF."
"Apple"
"Cuddly Owl Puppy"
"Excited Pageant Girl"
"Into the lake"
"Just a baby monkey bathing"
"I wonder if they charge extra for the customer service"
"I think you're cute"
"Ronaldo is stunned"
"Every time I grill."
"How I plan on celebrating Memorial Day"
"Whenever I try to impress a girl"
"Just when I thought my dog couldn't get any derpier.."
"Excuse me Sir  have you seen three cats running by?"
"Wait  how'd he get a server in Disney World?"
"Haters gonna hate."
"How I feel when talking to someone about being on reddit"
"My face when looking at r/ggggg"
"Spider-Man does what he wants"
"Boom"
"Every conversation with my grandmother."
"i fucking killed you and it feels good"
"My costume from last year."
"oh man i knew something wasn't right here"
"Oh  umm... didn't see ya there."
"Yes Master"
"Classic Asian efficiency."
"HIFW someone mentions they are down-voting me."
"Jill told Mark to leave. Mark kicked ove Jill's favorite plant. This saddened Jill."
"What did he shit!!!!"
"Kevin Bacon."
"I guess so.."
"Yep."
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Noticed it was my cakeday. This was the first thing that came to mind."
"I can't flirt... Seriously  I'm not a observant man..."
"Straight to the point."
"Flattering artist is flattering"
"How to get hit by a car like a boss."
"Presidential debate drinking game! LET'S GET SHITFACED!!"
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game"
"See  kids  politics can be fun!"
"I must go..."
"The best face swap I've ever seen."
"I don't care if you've seen this before. Some things are timeless."
"Obvious Repost. But I just showed this image to my best friend. I had forgotten how goosebump inducing it is. Sagan the world is a better place because of you."
"When my girlfriend asks for my advice and messes up since she doesn't listen anyway"
"I see you're a gangster..."
"Just India."
"Woke up to a changed wallpaper. Thanks  brother."
"I see your Walken in a Winter Wonderland and raise you..."
"I shall not be!"
"Luke; I am *not* your father."
"Do I smell watermelon?"
"Adolph Hipster."
"Necessity is the mother of all Invention!!!"
"A perfect fit"
"This is what I've been trying to say all these years."
"La La La.....who?! what?! why?!"
"One banana ripened faster than the rest."
"So a jew walks into a starbucks..."
"Perhaps the most amazing picture ever taken. (Tip: Look between the fireworks and the lightning.)"
"They see me juggling..."
"How I feel when multi-tasking on multiple monitors"
"How I feel after getting a PM saying  &quot;Fuck you  I'm downvoting all your posts and taking all your karma.&quot;"
"Fifa Vs PES in sales...."
"FIFA 13 vs PES 2013 - this sums it up quite nicely"
"Upvote"
"Let's be honest... we all did it"
"If these walls could talk..."
"Wait  what?"
"Finland..."
"The most ignored sign in America"
"I give you... the Finesse of Bollywood"
"Hairless Bear"
"Photoshop master."
"I will never ever ever be as cool as this guy....ever..."
"I can't even tell if this is NSFW or not..."
"It always good to have some portable stick butter"
"(repost)Catch the Ice dude but I gifed it"
"Batman + 3D = Profit!?!?!"
"Why thanks internet lady"
"I made this my homepage."
"How I imagine my grandparents trying to understand the Internet"
"Just beautiful"
"EXCELLENT"
"My reaction to an NHL lockout."
"My reaction after watching Darkness Falls for the first time as a kid and heard a noise"
"After I saw the original I couldn't help but do this NSFW"
"Words can't describe this. NSFW"
"I would give all my money to see this."
"I'm full of owls!"
"How I feel when I saw my checking was only $1.77. . ."
"The Deadly Facts About Water"
"Proud of his work"
"oh..oh! my bad  my bad."
"Bunny and Turtle"
"Access Denied"
"The most frustrating thing you will ever see."
"Me after I find a porno with a girl who looks like my ex"
"This shows up when you google &quot;reddit karma&quot;"
"What it feels like after popping a plump pimple"
"Day 8 of the No Fap September Challenge."
"&quot;I am Adam Savage. Co-host of Mythbusters. AMA&quot;"
"Ah  Good sir!"
"I don't know why  but this makes me laugh every time..."
"Penguins closing in on a little girl in the city"
"It's on."
"The Look That Says  &quot;I am Going To Let You Fuck Me Senseless&quot;"
"A teddy bear straight out of Silent Hill? Guess what it's made of..."
"A console peasant's battle station"
"Forever Alone Gaming Room"
"Kangaroo troll"
"My reaction after discovering r/spacedicks"
"Porn for god"
"Tempting..."
"Just received this in my inbox from the Obama campaign...these guys know their audience."
"Epic splash"
"Sculptor w/ mad skillz."
"Nintendo(and possibly gaming's) greatest villain"
"When The Teachers Back In My School Days Caught Me Chewing Gum"
"Hey you  stop ruining my lawn."
"Got stuck in the ice but a local kindly gave us a push off"
"Cat sleeping with her little ducks"
"how i feel after 10 upvotes."
"How I feel running against the wind.."
"How I felt when my girlfriend told me she got her period after 3 long weeks of thinking she was pregnant"
"How I feel trying to make it to the front page"
"Here we ....oh"
"How I feel missing out on my cake day karma..."
"The most amazing street-art Illusion I have ever seen"
"This dog upvotes itself"
"How I feel as a member of the 4-year club"
"Ronald Regan is back in an all new TV series."
"Anon loses virginity!"
"this boy is awesome."
"One of the reasons why I want to visit Russia."
"Me when I think of original content"
"Seems Legit."
"I can't be the only one that wishes they could do this..."
"Whenever my mom says 'Hello' to Siri..."
"Well Siri..."
"And I thought it was 42"
"This is how I'm treated by all women..."
"Friend-zoned again."
"Whoa there Siri"
"I can honestly say that I was surprised by this response [OC]"
"Just woke up from a nap  and already Siri is judging me."
"IT KNOWS"
"What's the shortest distance between two points?"
"It still hurts to think about it..."
"The most WTF gif ever"
"Dinner Time"
"Okay..."
"DINNER TIME!"
"wha...what!? (NSFW)"
"It's Dinner Time"
"Oh Children... It's... Dinner time!"
"Oh children..."
"Whenever I browse r/new"
"His name is my name too."
"My daughter's geography test. She added her own answer. (x-post from r/atheism)"
"My daughter's geography test. She added her own answer. (x-post from r/atheism)"
"We are small....."
"How I feel when my German professor compliments my work"
"Historically Hardcore"
"O shit they caught me."
"Every Metallica song that's come out in the last 10 years..."
"Every single time that kid in the front row tries to impress the professor."
"Take the undead part away and its surprisingly accurate"
"You're damn right I do!"
"HATERS GONNA HATE Mats Hummels"
"What losing an argument feels like"
"Brent Spiner (Data) re-reading the script in between takes at Paramount Studios"
"how dubstep is made"
"button smashing rave"
"This is what i do at a funeral when my phone goes off."
"When a post on r/atheism makes me realize I forgot to log in..."
"Stop..."
"Keep it classy  Nandos."
"My butt hurts just thinking about the wedgie one could get from this thing ..."
"This is becoming increasingly true"
"How you really look when you blow that man across the bar a kiss."
"If it fits I eats."
"Aww  but moooom!"
"shots"
"Drop It Low"
"Tracy Caldwell Dyson in Cupola ISS"
"Self portrait of Tracy Caldwell Dyson in the Cupola module of the International Space Station observing the Earth below during Expedition 24"
"If only this happened...[repost]"
"photobomb x 3"
"My friend got this from one of his teachers"
"When I discovered there's a subreddit dedicated to porn."
"'dat ass!!!"
"Brutal"
"What does this cloth smell like..??"
"How to please a woman"
"Pikachu had Bath Salt moment."
"Downvotes and how many fucks I give"
"Scale of how many fucks i give"
"How I feel when redditors comment on how offensive I am"
"Santa?"
"Stumbled across this while surfing the wold wide web... (Sorry if its a re-post)"
"Going to what i thought was gonna be a crappy party and ends up being open bar"
"I give you my collection of psychedelic pictures"
"Wanted: Dead or Alive"
"Everybody do the QWOP!"
"Baby Ducks!"
"Aww"
"Adorable Husky Is Adorable"
"Whenever I hear someone drop &quot;I understand what you're saying  but...&quot; in an argument"
"Pillow pet"
"Every time I get upvotes on reddit"
"Physics in action"
"Slinky"
"Slow motion slinky drop"
"Whenever someone insults Reddit."
"Behind the Muppets."
"Irish protesters"
"Steve did not last long in the bomb squad."
"This is the only thing I have ever seen on the internet that made me stop in my tracks  and I have seen some bad shit"
"We gettin' pussy tonight"
"i dont play WoW  but this looks kind of silly. are people excited for this?"
"no comment"
"Resolution"
"Unda Da Sea..."
"Browsing /r/WTF  seriously thought this..."
"Trick or Treating with Carl (Chandler Riggs)"
"So my friend posted this on Facebook. Note to self: don't screw with her laundry."
"reddit's response to my cakeday posts thus far"
"Convenience."
"They forgot the duct tape and whipped cream..."
"Monkeys scare me"
"Let loose the dogs of war!"
"Let loose the dogs of war! (x-post from r/funny)"
"BAM!!!"
"What Christians do when somebody questions their beliefs."
"When Amnesia: The Dark Descent told me to play in a dark room with headphones on..."
"When I saw in the news Mitt Romney was in my country talking to my prime minister."
"My friend's reaction whenever i crack my neck."
"Never forget"
"How I feel when reading comments on my reddit submissions."
"Mmmm... My new favorite Sushi (x-post from r/funny)"
"Queen doing Queen things"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing a British L85 battle rifle"
"The Ark is full..."
"Saw this liberal Norwegian policeman today(!)"
"When somebody makes a joke about Australia being upside down [FIXED]"
"When I run into my ex and her new boyfriend"
"This is the next level of bitch slapping  rhino horning!"
"I can watch this for hours"
"Zelda Tramp Stamp"
"Jazz Paws!"
"So  this snake was discovered in Brazil. NSFW?"
"Police officer pepper-spraying a kid"
"I feel absolutely terrible for laughing so hard at this"
"scumbag christian"
"Makes sense"
"Do what you love"
"Nazi Robot Chainsaw Flamethrower"
"WW2 final boss."
"Absolutely brilliant."
"Holy Wars...the Pizza's Due!"
"Awesome water playground"
"Well thanks for rubbing it in."
"She's just a baby"
"Oh FUCK!"
"WTF Fifa?!"
"Touchdown!"
"This is obviously the better choice"
"Drowning in grass."
"Soccer"
"THATS RACIST!!"
"Poopy time! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Shaping the fabric of this country."
"Control yourself!"
"Who is the baker who said &quot;This is going to look so appetizing&quot;?"
"Religious logic explained at its finest."
"I vant to nibble your blood."
"Catman Begins"
"His backpack's got jets  but I shot first"
"Skeletor Bitches!!!!"
"The Burning Monk in colour"
"Your petition for an &quot;ungreased  backdoor; hammertime lovemaking session&quot; with our telemarketer's Carol and Tracy is feral and preposterous."
"When I Realize The Dishcloth My Mom Just Had Is My Used Fap Rag"
"Getting glared at by the non-ents at a party when I'm about to toke"
"It finally happened!"
"Barn Owls"
".....And Eiffel Tower Goes Wild."
"Bizarre Eiffel Tower"
"Squirrel commanding his evil minions. (Reposted with new title)"
"I win this time  /r/wtf"
"Praise your new leader."
"this is what happens when you come home drunk and cook a pizza for 13 hours..[FIXED]"
"It's the kiwi we deserve  but not the one we need right now."
"Kinda morbid.. But I agree"
"This is what I'm doing on my vacation."
"Today marks the 10 year anniversary of Kingdom Hearts  the ninth best selling PlayStation 2 game of all time."
"Hmm  Delicious"
"+1 point for Christians"
"Jesus was here"
"You gonna eat that..?"
"Someone beat me to the punch  I was totally going to paint this one..."
"Fish Kicks this dudes ass!"
"There it goes..."
"He looked so harmless in the TV show..."
"Oh Arthur..."
"Visual representation of reddit's business model."
"Visual representation explaining reddit's success."
"Tickling a baby otter"
"I see your baby polar bear and raise you a baby otter."
"its just so cute"
"There's gotta be a better way to say that"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"I don't think Ernie would do him like this..."
"When watching last night's Sons of Anarchy episode...."
"Thats the truth."
"There goes the Spider-Man"
"Waking up for work on the 5th of July"
"And So It Was."
"What a coincidence....nah  that ain't photoshopped.."
"Me reaction to meatspin.con"
"Everytime."
"Entering a new fandom."
"Avengers Old Spice (original post /r/funny)"
"How my girlfriend expects me to react when I get hit on [FIXED]"
"I could watch this all day long"
"Timing - The Space Shuttle as it's about to leave Earths Atmosphere"
"Hello there."
"What it feels like trying to reach the front page..."
"They see me flopping!"
"Hello  welcome to my aquarium!"
"This happens every time I try my moves on women..."
"Back to the future 4"
"Wise words  Ben"
"Seth Rogen nails it."
"Mario lived a good life."
"Batman knows what he likes."
"How I feel when downvoting"
"Downvoting a post back to 0"
"Madness elbow drops a hamster."
"A man spent seven years drawing this maze."
"Stroke It"
"Hugging her from the back would be considered sexual harrassment"
"Hugging her from the back would be considered sexual harassment"
"Gangster Hitler"
"looks like fun"
"If there's one thing I learned early in life..."
"Michael Phelps goes super sayan!"
"I can't stop laughing at the kid with the glasses."
"That's what it feels like sometimes."
"Harry Potter"
"Don't hate me because I'm beautiful"
"GO HOME MOM  YOU'RE DRUNK!"
"WELL FUCK"
"After a couple of semesters you start to wonder"
"What if..."
"Not sure if repost"
"wait...fox news..."
"Hurrrrrr. Punny crows are best crows."
"The image speaks for itself"
"Peanut Butter And Jelly Sandwich."
"what is cake day?"
"Friend shared this on facebook. I am disappointed"
"Can Not Stop Laughing at This"
"Fuck You  I'm A Box"
"Camouflage practice."
"Dammit  Scruffy..."
"It's not you... [x-post r/funny]"
"A seahorse checking himself out in my watch."
"Stuck in the ice"
"Redditor replaces $2 000 000 000 nuclear submarine's navigation system with an iPhone5 for a measly 2 000 upvotes..."
"Submarine surfacing... on the north pole."
"Asians got back!"
"that's about right"
"what a dick"
"Adam you pimp."
"Why I mess up sometimes..."
"How I imagine the people who comment on gonewild posts"
"How I feel at work some days."
"Hits a little deeper than just your childhood."
"Up there  smiling down."
"Bill and Hilary"
"With no experience  we used the internet to learn how to win home-owner designed Kitchen Of The Year in San Diego."
"That's not how i remember Halo.."
"Handy-dandy nail tools!"
"Electron Microscope scan of a microbe known as a &quot;Water Bear&quot;. They can live up to a decade without oxygen."
"Waterbears (Tardigrades) can sustain being boiled  frozen  dehydrated  radiated and are the only animal to have survived the vacuum of space."
"Redditor Rage"
"The Circle of Bike."
"googled &quot;how do you reddit&quot;"
"Whenever I walk through the art department."
"so my 5 year old daughter was drawing our cat"
"When someone disagrees with me on the internet"
"When someone disagrees with me on the internet."
"Technical difficulties."
"Boobs."
"Carl Sagan trolls people who claim to have been abducted by aliens"
"when i realized it was my cakeday"
"I don't know what to call this one."
"You're BEAUTIFUL!"
"I know the feeling (x-post from r/Rabbits)"
"Nope"
"NOPE"
"Oh  God... You are clever little trickster."
"Hey look its snowing!!"
"Snorlax Underwear Protects Your Chastity  Is Super Effective"
"10 goat"
"You know you're unemployed when finding this is the highlight of your month"
"Still gets me every time."
"A friend of mine uploaded this pic to FB... I'll just lay it here"
"Who in the world would paint this"
"This picture hits you hard."
"For Those I love I will Sacrifice"
"For those I love  I will sacrifice"
"How it feels trying to leave Reddit"
"Maybe she had an itch?"
"What my hometown is famous for"
"Currently my favorite image on the internet."
"Pacino and Walken being candid"
"/b/ tried to make a rage comic...I wish they hadn't."
"Awesome photo of a submarine battle"
"Ideal Life vs Real Life"
"London Underground iOS 6 Maps"
"couldn't stop myself from laughing when I saw this ..."
"Apple new maps  this sums them up"
"They build up an transformers monument in my town"
"I laughed when I saw this..."
"Smurftacular!"
"Cat used mirror move"
"YES I'M HOME FR--"
"&quot;Every Emoticon&quot; starring  Charles Manson"
"Yes Cory  this is about you."
"Scumbag Steve in the 90s"
"Fuck you Dad."
"How I feel about the whole 1k rp thing"
"Just happened to me.."
"This whole wedding thing feels good."
"How I feel when I wake up and see it's my cake day."
"I ate dinner at a friend's house the other night."
"Why I hate going to malls"
"After fixing a girls computer"
"What it's like going to a Swedish summer camp."
"How I feel as an Apple fanboy on Reddit nowadays"
"It is safe to say you're fucked."
"necrocard"
"For Science... wait a moment..."
"Talking to my mum on the phone."
"Moment of Happiness"
"damnit this is fucking cute"
"A few days late... but so true."
"I ran out of Breaking Bad episodes on Netflix"
"Hi I'm Jesus Christ..."
"This would be the best jackass movie ever.."
"couch dog watches you in your sleep forever"
"Day 32: Humans still think I'm couch"
"My all time favorite gif."
"Apocalypse sheep doesn't give a fuck"
"A great depiction of the epic Apple vs Samsung courtroom battle"
"Be careful who you moon."
"Be careful who you moon [x-post from /r/pics]"
"How I make Pizza Rolls"
"WHY IS THE BREAD DOING THIS TO ME"
"Brace yourselves."
"Sounds like she's marrying into a good family."
"Explains the great lakes..."
"When my Scumbag Steve roommate tries to make casual conversation with me"
"Whenever a friend of mine steals my penta..."
"When I found out the girl I'm talking to is from 9gag."
"Grow your hair and your IQ!"
"Clicking a N*S*F*W link hoping to see some boobs..."
"My favorite new Rainbow Dash picture!"
"Summary of the Republican Convention"
"Missing..."
"Three pointer!!!"
"Sundown swoosh"
"Not mine.. but pretty neat.. so sharing"
"nobody has to hold her hair back when she boots"
"How I feel watching Jeopardy this week (Kid's week)"
"The Carina Nebula"
"I'll never understand how they convinced him to dress like that..."
"The mail is here"
"They See me rollin"
"New pet? I hope not"
"Rafiki taking a swim."
"BE AN ORGAN DONOR!"
"Great organ donor ad."
"So true.."
"Saw this yesterday....."
"This gif goes well with any music"
"Saddest moment in television."
"Never. Again."
"How I felt watching Obama lose the debate"
"DO A BARREL ROLL!"
"This is  word for word  what I told my friend the other day"
"The Seamonster [5184x3456][OC]"
"Looks like meat's back on the menu"
"Facebook"
"&quot;What Obama have turned this country into&quot; X-post from /r/Facepalm"
"Revenge is a dish best served warm"
"Nokia- Connecting people"
"Sweet Karma"
"I never had this game..."
"Trying to keep it together during the Van Gogh episode but ultimately ending up in this state:"
"Oh Snorlax.."
"now this is a good prank  but imagine doing this with lobsters"
"Keep misreading it..."
"When a popular post starts getting downvoted"
"The fail of all fails"
"Accidentally reposted something which then got upvoted"
"School"
"I am leg."
"Fun with portals (fixed)"
"Jewish Post-Circumcision sucking...I am ashamed"
"Took it like a boss"
"Whenever we discuss morality in my Philosophy class this always comes to mind."
"I see your Fuddruckers and County Market and raise you this."
"Sailing Level"
"Toy Yoda"
"Whenever someone I don’t recognize waves at me"
"What's on Reddit today"
"No fucks given."
"Every weekday morning"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"To infinity and beyond."
"I wish..."
"What If Anne Geddes Photographed Adults Instead of Babies?"
"What happens when the Anne Geddes babies grow up"
"Sweating it out through another drum solo."
"Always makes me laugh"
"ultra downy"
"Gotta Love That Captcha"
"The lab test can't be wrong."
"A member of the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition plays the bagpipe for an indifferent penguin  1904."
"Evolution of a Slutty Bee (x-post r/pics)"
"This one gets me every time."
"Still my favorite gif...it gets me every time!"
"So my roommate has been out of town this weekend."
"obi-juan"
"Karma Whores..."
"That color really brings out his eyes"
"Googled Zach Galifianakis  was not disappointed..."
"Dinocar"
"When I think about studying for my finals..."
"Smallest. Penis. Ever. (sfw)"
"How I feel as a Mexican on Reddit"
"the card a coworker gave me when i left my company today"
"So I got this card from a coworker when I left my company today"
"This is relevant"
"When you buy a toy for your cat and she plays with it"
"Whenever my boyfriend and I see another gay couple"
"Watching your post climb to the front page"
"My face when I noticed it was my cake day"
"They said not to call anymore."
"Only guardian monkey can decide who can or cannot.."
"So close"
"Well said  suckonthedickimashark."
"It's a serious issue"
"You know the goddamn difference"
"Possibly the best markers in the history of markers"
"/aww didn't like my dog. Maybe WTF will show some love."
"Midget Wrestling"
"What's that thing called coming up the east coast?"
"Straight outta the 70s"
"It just works"
"White people drop it like its hawt"
"This might be the new &quot;_____ theme goes with everything&quot; song."
"Still the best screensaver"
"Hey  you guys remember that old 3D maze screensaver?"
"How I feel when my wife gets me to buy &quot;feminine products&quot; for her...."
"MFW People actually thought HCF was shutting down."
"Seriously bro?"
"smoking a blunt and waiting 30 minutes for delivery pizza."
"Just found this gem bookmarked in my &quot;funny&quot; folder"
"Extreme cat for extreme redditor (via Jeb Corliss [FB])"
"I can tell this is going to end in a catastrophe!"
"OH HIIIIII!!!!!!!!"
"The stuff of nightmares"
"When someone need help with their computer"
"Welcome to Fractal Beach."
"Welcome to Fractal Beach"
"Women logic"
"Wrong number."
"Renewable energy?"
"Go home Jeep  you're drunk."
"Illegal Immigrants Crossing the Border"
"Starting sequence engaged - lift off in 3-2-1..."
"It's a Fuckin' Sale y'all"
"Did someone call Bat Cat?"
"The fact that there will be a rerun tomorrow  just sunk in."
"Golf balls are trippier than you think [gif]"
"OMG! Wait for it..."
"/r/Baltimore meetup gone wild...NSFW"
"Look at his deep blue eyes!"
"What time is it?"
"Every repost on reddit. Ever."
"How reddit feels about reposts[fixed]"
"The redditor."
"Picturing all the stuff I've typed and never sent"
"Damn it. Not again! Every time I move in to a new house... (NSFW)"
"Just got this on my gmail Inbox folder. Seems legit."
"A leopard [that is all]."
"This is all the things you love."
"Dirty mouth?"
"Nothing like a nice handful...."
"Pass the controller bro"
"Took Some Balls"
"Pop vs. soda breakdown in the United States."
"My favorite Red vs Blue map of the US"
"The happiest Red Panda EVER!"
"Midnight Stealth Agent (Xpost HUMANPORN)"
"Hey Redditors  SF needs your help! Anybody know or seen this asshole around?"
"Taking advantage of a situation like a sir"
"A building in downtown Chicago that looks perfectly flat."
"Getting ready for the ladies."
"Oh yeah  the bitches will love this."
"Act cool."
"I just got this in an e-mail from my dad  who is apparently going senile"
"He's clinging for dear life!"
"Wide Angle lens"
"Perfectly timed photo"
"Dragons"
"baby michael going up [gif]"
"Going all Lion King on that shit"
"What it looks like when someone annoying tries to comment on a interesting post."
"POOOOOORNNNN"
"and boom goes the dynamite."
"This is an actual coin with Pikachu on the reverse side. It was manufactured by an island nation called Niue"
"Runic sure is capitalizing on all the hype..."
"How I feel walking around my Philadelphia neighborhood after the hurricane."
"This cat..."
"NOPE (gif)"
"Why!? Just why!?"
"When I see my food coming at a restaurant"
"IMPOSSIBRU!"
"The frog doesn't look happy."
"My Cake Day Critter Post &lt;3"
"I regret nothing!"
"&quot;Ooh  this smells nice. I think I'll just stick my head- UGLUGLUGLUG.&quot;"
"Halloween is coming...time to start thinking of awesome costumes..."
"The Leaning Tower of Pisa fixed"
"How the Universe was Created  according to several belief systems."
"Shouldn't have resisted arrest (x-post - r/wtf)"
"How I feel when I hear a noise in the middle of the night"
"Responding to r/politics."
"How I feel everyday at work."
"He likes to type."
"See No Evil  Speak No Evil  Enjoy the evil?"
"Baby Hedgehogs"
"i googled cuteness and got this"
"The original OAG [permanently fixed]"
"Whenever the keg runs out"
"What I'd do every day if i was an elephant"
"What I'd do every day if i was an elephant [x-post from pics]"
"Essentially the ending of The Dark Knight Rises"
"Anatomy of a gummy bear"
"Heading out to the Pacific"
"Apple in legal battle over copyright laws!!"
"The day I discovered reddit."
"Middle finger to the law"
"It's-a me  George!"
"Greatest defaced dollar bill  ever."
"Abstinence"
"If you're going to be stupid  don't do it on Facebook..."
"The legend of Sir Bearington [4chan]"
"Why I wash my hands.."
"Texas State Fair icon Big Tex burning."
"The people of Reddit  described in a gif"
"Star Wars: behind the behind the scenes.."
"The Goblin Shark."
"Goblin Shark - The stuff nightmares are made of"
"You thought the shoebox was bad? My cousin's neighbor has been shooting it into these boxers for 7 years. The smell was horrendous"
"A classmate of mine told me to look this up. Reddit  I give you the camel spider."
"Obama getting hung by a shell gas station on Bay Meadows Road."
"Found this account logged on to a computer. Here is a picture of a cow."
"I brought some donuts to work today...this is how I felt"
"Just a cat in a bag."
"Hottie with a body"
"Soon"
"David Blaine  magician extraordinaire"
"The wrath of nature. Satellite photo of Michigan in the winter."
"Lake Effect Snow"
"I don't care how unsafe this is"
"I don't think he's old enough to drive yet"
"When my teacher advances the slide too early in the powerpoint"
"When someone is about to talk of a movie you haven't seen yet."
"What is this I don't even..."
"Racial Equality for All!"
"TIL my Fake PSA has been taken seriously and made the internet rounds a while ago."
"Celeb shot  FTW"
"NYC Flyover - F-16  F-15  P-51  A-10"
"Saw this on a friends wall  badass old woman."
"Post a bad comment  banned? No"
"But...what? I watched this for too long."
"How I picture Reddit in the 1950's"
"President Obama meets Mitt Romney's grandson [Fixed]"
"studying.."
"People Who Hate Reposts also hate..."
"HEHEUHEHAHEAHUEH"
"MFW My friend gets rejected by the same girl I just got rejected by  not five minutes earlier."
"In honor of Hostess going bankrupt I think we should all be reminded of this rule."
"When i get paired with a popular person in class"
"Airburst"
"For my cakeday  have a litter of golden puppies!"
"Employee training (xpost from r/funny)"
"Hey Reddit  check out who I met today!"
"I'm telling you  there are only two pools."
"How I feel after I get off the phone with the weed man."
"Ohhhh Canada! CANADA.FUCK.YA!"
"Happy Canada day! [FOXED]"
"TIL Hendo kisses glove before delivering forearm to Bisping  Class. [GIF]"
"Season's Greetings!"
"My friend just texted me this. WTF."
"So everyone's showing off christmas cards? Here's mine! (messed up)"
"I finally know the answer..."
"The Nyan Hangover"
"Nintendo's Comeback"
"Human Porcupine [NSFL]"
"Carl on Duty - Black Cops"
"This just appeared on my FB feed"
"A new antivirus program I've been working on."
"Now I feel really old because"
"Helping out his fellow man"
"Go to Google Images &amp; search 'Cough.' Invisible blowjobs"
"I'm bringing the Mario party to you"
"I was photographing dogs for the humane society and out of no where  a dog attacked me"
"This is how I feel when I'm on the internet."
"Kind of a strange time to get hungry..."
"Stay classy Jurassic Era"
"As a hockey fan in Korea this is how I felt today when I woke up. Happy lock out everyone!"
"DJ at work"
"Still better aim than NYPD"
"What I think of when everyone say's women are objects under sharia law"
"Friend posted this picture on facebook. I hate arguing on there but I might have to say something."
"Haha"
"Like a boss."
"This instantly reminded me of Zoidberg (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"WTF Milk?"
"White Power Milk"
"First PC game I ever played"
"When I clicked on a link to r/horseshit..."
"Hearing about /r/poop and going to it"
"Adventure.gif"
"House of Pancake"
"Need a gif? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Need a .gif to upvote  why not Zoidberg?"
"NSFW Too Much Body Movement In The Putting"
"This man raised a grand for charity."
"I thought reddit would appreciate this"
"An interesting date..."
"OP Goes to the Movies."
"Flashbacks.."
"Cupcake dog has some flashbacks"
"This dog has seen some shit."
"DAAAYUMN keeed"
"Face Swap Game... Can you guess which face is Sarah Jessica Parkers?"
"This is what I think when I see people using the &quot;:O&quot; emoticon"
"wait...girls poop too??"
"What do you mean I forgot it's my cake day??"
"When I forget the &quot;/gay&quot; off of &quot;pornhub.com&quot;"
"My first visit to /r/spacedicks"
"Okay  Doc"
"We had this coming reddit."
"Hurricane Sandy Over New York City"
"Epic beard slap!"
"Beard Slap!"
"It'll put hair on your chin!"
"Beard Slap"
"Beard slap!"
"There  there.."
"Kitty having a nightmare"
"My reaction when I DOVE into my 'sandwich' earlier ;D."
"Saying goodbye to a sweetheart (x-post from pics)(resolution unknown)"
"Girlfriend Prospect Plot Graph - Imgur"
"So what type of Gym is this exactly?"
"My reaction to many Philosoraptor posts"
"Use the force..."
"My sides."
"don't flush the.. FUUUCLICKCLICKCLICKCCCKKK"
"Every morning (AVP)"
"Is this really a John Lennon quote? It is getting passed around FB quite rapidly  but I can not find the source."
"Jim gaffigan on camping."
"Kitty kneading his sis"
"Boat go home you are drunk."
"Gonna make it  gonna make it...is that cake?"
"Still waiting for a sequel for this gem"
"Hipster iPad"
"Probably one of the most influential toys of my childhood"
"It's things like these that still make me blame my parents that I'm not Russian..."
"Tree"
"Hope you like it Norway!"
"Most people don't actually realize this."
"What's in your closet?"
"Mega-Choc disapproves (xpost r/Pareidolia)"
"FUCK"
"Ouch. Still  I guess it would be hard to test effectively [gif]"
"What could possibly go wrong?"
"what goes up must come down"
"Saw my spring semester college tuition"
"You want to burrow in his beard"
"My face after a girl makes eye contact with me after I catch her picking a wedgie"
"How I feel when I upvoted something from r/new and it makes the front page."
"My face when watching Women's Olympic Volleyball"
"It just gets funnier."
"Science DOES have an answer to &quot;What happens when you die&quot;"
"Much more comforting"
"This is me"
"Warning Signs."
"Wait...forget this! I'm OUT!"
"How I feel on Facebook in regards to the Kony posts"
"Popped up on my news feed. Thought r/WTF would like this more than r/facepalm."
"I thought this would fit here"
"My friend has gotta catch 'em all"
"In a girls' bathroom stall at my university  girls have written about some of their most horrifying life experiences. This week  someone replied."
"Somebody come get this Chinchilla."
"So my friend's birthday is today. Her BF made her this cake..."
"Genius!!"
"Eat this!"
"Smell this!"
"How I defeat all of my enemies."
"When my wife asks me if I'm on Reddit instead of working on my thesis paper."
"Choo choo motherfuckers  here comes the rape train."
"Just a nice picnic."
"So... I'm hosting an atheist picnic."
"The greatest chips ever made"
"Someone didn't do much background research when putting this production on..."
"NDT + great comic = last panel frisson"
"The Most Astounding Fact"
"Room Service"
"Haters Gunna Hate"
"Jesus was not a rapper. [FB]"
"Sneakin' Up On Dad"
"Every time I see the new Nintendo system  I can't stop thinking of this"
"Wordsmith level - God."
"This Stanley Cup is so nice..."
"Honey Boo Boo  black people version."
"Denis Leary nails it again."
"That was a nice free fall but..."
"So you know the poster for the fake Walt Disney biopic starring Ryan Gosling. Did you know all the other biopic poster its designer  Pascal Witazeck  did?"
"Instrument insects"
"Step 1: Cut a hole in a box"
"Hipsturrr"
"4chan's views on reddit and 9gag."
"One day you'll thank us..."
"Baby red panda!"
"I don't think I can ever masturbate again [NSFW/NSFL]"
"007 Priest"
"THIS MY SHOW NOW  BITCH."
"Sexy Girl Seductively Dancing"
"When my boss keeps saying every single project is a &quot;priority&quot;"
"When redditors post pets they &quot;rescue&quot;"
"Awww - he thinks he is people."
"What am I doing with my life?"
"The most epic .gif about stick dicks you will see all day (mildly NSFW)"
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"The resemblance in uncanny.."
"The resemblance in uncanny.. [xpost wtf]"
"Story of my life"
"Wobble Sign"
"I know I can trust this man."
"My face swap from the debate."
"Yep"
"TIL Animal Crossing is potentially the saddest game ever."
"Labception"
"It's a chilly Wednesday in October  so I could really use one of these right now."
"No thank you  Zuul."
"Oh god  please no."
"He just wants a hug"
"What's sleep?"
"Batman  NOOOOOO!"
"Just browsing the internet...and  WHY?!"
"Redding according to /b/ (x-post from r/4chan)"
"That's one way to do it..."
"Just give me 10% of his swagger"
"Hey..."
"Watch out  its Super Truck!"
"Thirsty?"
"Everyone changes a little..."
"Meanwhile In Australia [Fixed]"
"Tanks muzzle flash."
"Tank"
"Koalas are cute"
"Oh  hello there!"
"Connect one. Brilliance"
"So this is a thing now"
"Irresponsible dumbledore"
"What it feels like to be the only known redditor in your mexican town on your reddit bday."
"How I feel after explaining Reddit to other friends my age (I'm an older Redditor)."
"lamprey eel"
"I will never go near New Zealand  ever."
"Just shopping for some groceries..."
"There are no words"
"Workaholics"
"Deliciously Disturbing"
"Dodgeball Level: Bruce Lee"
"Fucking leaves"
"I really don't feel comfortable with this picture."
"The Feast"
"This photo seemed to be made for Reddit"
"Cats and racks"
"Happy Kitty!"
"Clint Eastwood  s*** just got real."
"When somebody steals your joke and makes everyone laugh"
"Yeeeee-up!"
"Come inside"
"Adam on dating"
"r/StarWars hasn't found it funny yet.."
"I can't even!"
"Fingering a girl for the first time [gif]"
"Fingering a girl for the first time. [x-post from r/funny]"
"Ant's drinking colored water [pic]"
"Misty cosplay"
"Toilet paper is fun."
"Every time I post in r/funny and get nothing for it"
"Facebook  you really did it this time."
"He has a point..."
"Facebook gold"
"Swallowed whole"
"Anytime someone suggests going to In-N-Out"
"When I heard Freaks and Geeks is on Netflix Instant Watch..."
"Hail to the bus driver [gif]"
"My Glasses and Mustache Are Not &quot;Ironic&quot;"
"I named my penis"
"This is soccer"
"Soccer fans remember this? If so please tell me the players"
"Me when someone points a nerf gun at my face"
"Sums up my feelings toward black licorice."
"Sums up my feelings toward black licorice."
"Coolest Fishbowl Ever"
"My thoughts exactly"
"Follow your dreams (x-post from motivation)"
"Ballet vs Karate"
"O hai!"
"He's gonna need a spotter"
"I guess you don't need this medicine then..."
"Comic on Prayers"
"Everytime I see a Snail now I'm expecting this"
"Your Move Atheists (xpost r/funny)"
"Who approved this toy?."
"the next best thing since sliced bread"
"A stunning picture from the London Riots"
"Bitch  I'm a FIRE BUS"
"dedicated public transportation"
"Found This On A Muslim Friend's Facebook. What The Actual Fuck  Apparently You Need To Believe In Religion To Not Rape Someone."
"Made Where?"
"D'aww"
"What is this sorcery?!"
"Repost."
"For my cakeday  I have uploaded my .gifs that were downloaded over the past year for all of you."
"A random kid texts me... hilarity ensues."
"Oh lord....."
"Breaking Bad and Breaking Bones"
"Nicolas Cage looking his best (x-post from r/onetruegod)"
"The Lion King will never be the same to me..."
"Lil' Bill gonna get you!!"
"Literal Periodic table of elements"
"music at a [7]"
"I see your house  theater  and kitchen and raise you..."
"Maybe a repost  but definitely the cutest thing I have ever seen"
"Adorable Overload"
"watch where you walk at night.."
"Worm Guy"
"For my cakeday  I present to you my favorite [GIF] of all time."
"And you thought your job was bad..."
"How I feel watching Team USA Basketball shit on everyone."
"Sudden Clarity Clarence on acid."
"Kitten snuggling a husky"
"turns out AOL is still relevant..."
"This is me being empathetic to everyone knowing Reddit was down all day..."
"Whenever someone deserves a like"
"I was wondering the same thing..."
"I heard we need more cats"
"If you were wondering what 4-D is."
"Grammar Nazi"
"Seems legit"
"Rocky Mountain Bane"
"You have my permission...to dance"
"Goes a'Bane Bane Bane"
"Oh god  it's a female Marlon Brando."
"Who?"
"What each state does best: I love how they chose &quot;most suicides per year&quot; as Alaska's 'best' characteristic."
"What each state does best: I love how they chose &quot;most suicides per year&quot; as Alaska's 'best' characteristic."
"that's not what condoms are for..."
"This is how NOT to shoot a gun..."
"Any redditors attempt at shooting a gun"
"Jumping jacks in Iraq"
"The first GIF with sound"
"When I live across the country from my home state and see somebody with my home state's license plate."
"When someone flashes their brights to alert me there's a cop nearby...."
"Gaming over the years"
"hopefully she didn't hear what he said"
"Thanks BP!"
"Sciences reaction to christians"
"Dubstep Chemists"
"How 4Chan sees the Internet"
"Fun at work"
"They see me driftin'  they hatin'"
"Stock drifting"
"Public toilets in Europe."
"Oh  Facebook... Why do I still use you?"
"&quot;Would the one responsible for ordering the straw please stand up?&quot;"
"WTF roots? Challenge accepted."
"You will never party this hard."
"Weird monster-fish"
"Pwned"
"I have no idea what's going on here"
"Wonder what it would feel like to hug this guy. (repost from funny)"
"Reddit workout"
"The Jimmies rustle across the the universe"
"Across the vast and..."
"I am really unsure on how this happened. No scream or anything. I just walk into my room to find her hanging there unable to get herself down. So naturally  I took a picture."
"What happens when I try to go against the hivemind."
"When I ask a girl on a date and she doesn't respond"
"Ermergerd..."
"Bill Nye and Neil deGrasse Tyson share a moment on stage"
"Not a single fuck was given (NSFW)"
"Leeloo Dallas Multi-Paws"
"Seriously mother nature....WTF!!!"
"As we approach fall and flu season  remember..."
"The things you think of when your gf says you can try anything [NSFW]"
"Gyardos vs Pidgey"
"All is not what it appears"
"This is not a difficult concept."
"How to stop kids knocking on your door this halloween"
"Don't feel bad about doing the walk of shame"
"All of a sudden...beastiality."
"This now hangs over our toilet. Reddit has improved my bathroom decor."
"Evolution of New York City Skyline"
"The difference between minutes..."
"Hidden dicks: Disney's at it again"
"Why was six afraid of seven?"
"&quot;They'll probably be worth money someday...&quot;"
"More Genies!"
"So I was reviewing the footage from the camera on my R/C plane when I noticed something strange...."
"Oscar the Grouch"
"My favorite Gameboy Ad [FIXED] - Imgur"
"I saw your cat whore so i raise you my sheep whore!"
"I drive a black car. Whenever I see a white car of the same model  this is invariably the image I see in my head."
"Mama (June) from Here comes Honey Boo Boo."
"ABS: ON vs. OFF"
"Hopefully not my school..."
"Scotland's &quot;Back to School&quot; campaign..."
"Ok internet  I'm done with you for tonight...."
"Hate when I drink too much and this happens.....yup."
"Give us a kiss [Potentially NSFW]"
"My life is complete"
"Happy birthday to this magnificent bastard"
"NdGT right to the point."
"Catch me!"
"I hate it when cashiers make remarks"
"Does this work?"
"Dear America  much love  Australia [FIXED]"
"I shall wear it...with honor"
"She loves fucking dinosaurs (NSFW)"
"First WTF I ever saw on the internet. NSFW"
"Iphone 10"
"iPhone 10"
"6000 Rim Jobs On The Line"
"6000 Rim Jobs On The Line."
"When You See It...."
"Soo.....THIS Couple Exists...."
"How Grumpy Cat feels about being all over reddit lately."
"Oh  god..."
"My reaction to the Black Mesa Release Date"
"My first time on 4chan. My reaction."
"Wheeeee- SMACK."
"Ewok Puppies: I'll just leave this here."
"Thought I was hitting frontpage. Got to #26."
"The police got all wild west on my next door neighbor. This is my living room."
"Billy Mays Maize Maze!"
"Rooftop Vespa Race Track"
"Miley Cyrus...BOOBIES!"
"Classic"
"wtf"
"Carrot tits?"
"Your brain is not ready for this [GIF]"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Poor Giraffe"
"PARTY!??"
"Best.advertisement.ever"
"Sweet baby Jesus!"
"Too hot for a walk."
"How do you beat the heat?"
"Epic Sax Kid"
"Epic Sax Kid"
"Saw this in R/funny but this is its true home"
"Does anyone in the Redditsphere have more information on the girl in this .gif?"
"I would totally join together with her."
"Today my Xbox live subscription ended  tough times keeping me from renewing. What to do?"
"A Little Friend"
"Poot."
"poot."
"50 Link Karma"
"Watch out Guys  we're dealing with a badass over here"
"Hey I didn't touch it!"
"How I feel when I wake up before noon."
"That should do it."
"Waited to post this on my cake day and missed my cake day. Ironic since I missed it because I was trying to kiss ass for a job."
"Remember  don't drink and ride (SFW)"
"This is what I see when someone types emoticons mouth first D:"
"Godammit  not again."
"I said no!!"
"GGGggg Gg!"
"Dj Christ"
"thats so nice kitties - Imgur"
"Oh  you have a moneyface post? Well then..."
"Dr.Cox STFU"
"An Honest Mistake [Xpost from r/trees]"
"Happy birthday!"
"Happy Birthday Grandpa!"
"That's a thirsty cat"
"Awesome view from International Space Station - Looking over New Zealands south island"
"What an unfortunate name."
"NOT Sleeping with my GF (SFW)"
"One of these is not like the other  which one is it?"
"Me  after coming across r/ladyboners for the first time"
"What to expect for 1 night in the hospital when you don't have health insurance in Canada."
"Why I hate checking orangereds"
"Friday the 8th of August  1969. Abbey Road  London."
"Ready to make history"
"The Beatles about to make history"
"Poodle Camo..."
"pillow:1  cat:0"
"This photo was made for reddit"
"This squirrel must think the camera man is nuts"
"Overly Attached Little Sister"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"The Perfect Setup"
"Thought this belonged here. [x-post from r/trees] Yes  rtrees."
"My reaction whenever someone around me makes an insightful and intelligent comment"
"my reaction when i agree with an opinion on reddit."
"headache puppy does not approve"
"One more...."
"What I imagine anytime someone says swag"
"sup bitch"
"What cramming for midterms last minute feels like"
"Photobomb level: Llama"
"I died of laughter when i stumbled upon this"
"The things I would do for a sequel."
"Finally get around to downloading a N64 emulator...this is the first ROM I obtain."
"Not Now I must get to work..."
"As a Software Engineer shopping at Best Buy"
"When my girlfriend is on my computer and I've forgotten to delete my History"
"Women &amp; cats"
"&quot;i'm so confused right now&quot;"
"Our Hero  Ladies and Gentlemen."
"The Angel of Death"
"Googled &quot;was not disappointed&quot; and well..."
"I used to be self conscious"
"Found on r/gifs. I thought you guys would like it as well [Phantom Tollbooth]"
"Classy giraffe!"
"Clever Quebec Car insurance Ad remind us to buckle up [900x1200]"
"Sensei Rabbit"
"Chronic Masturbation?"
"W..Water..."
"I was photobombed while taking pictures of the moon."
"America FUCK YEAH!"
"Cleaning the antenna of the Empire State Building"
"What are you doing?"
"page not found"
"OH YEA!!!!!!"
"My kind of party."
"Donald Fucking Duck"
"They weren't people officer"
"This is normal  right? RIGHT?!"
"tub birth (x-post from r/pics) [NSFW]"
"the last unicorn"
"Me  losing my virginity. [Fixed]"
"My reaction to getting pepper sprayed"
"Milk can be hard to drink sometimes"
"Found this on google today  since reddit will be saturated with hurricane posts here is my contribution..."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Naughty classic lovers"
"Having my boss side with me in an argument."
"Kittens invasion against the vacuum failed"
"Every time i post on Reddit this happens."
"What US uniforms should have been [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Cats. Adorable but not the sharpest knives in the block"
"I was into unicycles before it was cool."
"Would anyone else want to see an HD remake of this game? [FIXED]"
"Soccer Skillshot by Manuel Neuer"
"Because blasphemy can be fun!"
"What I wear when I surf Reddit"
"Rubik's Cube Level"
"Crazy night?"
"Living in the South in the Summer..."
"The ACTUAL wtf In This Picture"
"Oh  Grandma."
"I love Bill Nye  but Mr. Wizard was nearly blowing kids up before we even had color."
"Somebody should send this comic to my mother (I'm too scared)."
"What I imagine my dog did during his 24hr adventure from the house."
"Whenever it rains where I live"
"And now I feel deprived.."
"Biggest Problem I'm Having With The Steam Summer Sale"
"Winner for the best facial hair. Ever."
"Tubship Troopers"
"Bath Time!"
"Childhood ruined."
"A bubble of air inside a droplet of water in space."
"I have respect for Jackie Chan  but seeing him around these types of girls makes me wonder."
"So...conflicted..."
"&quot;Things You Shouldn't Do When You Find a Grenade&quot; [FIXED]"
"loop"
"New favorite picture of President Obama"
"Mutual Understandment Tennis - Men's finals"
"Matchpoint"
"How it felt after I received my first play slip after a over a year of unemployment"
"Does it fit?"
"Say Hi to my new girlfriend"
"History is great."
"I'd vote for him."
"The future is so bright ..."
"Mother of God"
"When I knew the acid was kicking in [FIXED]"
"When a Word document I haven't saved in over an hour stops responding."
"Baby hedgehog ^_^"
"How I react when someone tells me Marijuana can kill you"
"When an ex asks if we can be friends again"
"Whenever i see some get &quot;invited&quot; to Valve HQ"
"The cola wars turn real ugly REAL fast!"
"Emma"
"Poop slide anyone"
"You should know today is....ANNUAL TALK LIKE A PIRATE DAY!!!!"
"Puppy death attack!"
"&quot;Penis Snake&quot; recently discovered in Brazilian Amazon"
"That damn Jesus.."
"Definitely worth slowing down"
"I was looking for a lawnmower to buy  when all of a sudden..."
"Chinese Foot Binding - Oh-Em-Gee"
"This makes me wish hell DID exist!"
"It's not unusual to be loved by Obi-Wan"
"Latin fever in Coruscant"
"When my link karma doubles overnight."
"For my cake day  my beloved IRL rage cat!"
"What's long  hard  and gets blown all day?"
"Anyone else have great 1v1 matches with this game? Or against Sky Captain?"
"When People Ask Why I Have An Obsession With Religion..."
"This is what I see on my way to work"
"Winged monkey costume test for The Wizard of Oz. (c. 1938)"
"Winged monkey costume test for The Wizard of Oz. (c. 1938)"
"Care Bears don't fuck around."
"This was the only game that Red was not excited by..."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOO.jpg"
"Ricky Gervais  summed up"
"Ricky Gervais on being Atheist"
"Gotta Love Ricky Gervais"
"The latest Reddit craze!"
"Come at me  bro"
"NNNNNOooooooooooooooooooooo!"
"What dating feels like:"
"Happy alpacas"
"Every Redditor  upon encountering a gruesome crash and/or kittens"
"You had one job in Jurassic Park. ONE JOB."
"Whenever I see 'Please read' in a title."
"EHarmony Rejection: What do you like most in a woman?"
"EHarmony Rejection: What do you like most in a woman?"
"That's the spot"
"Louis C.K.'s Finest Moment (re-post)"
"They killed this in my friends hometown back in Africa...."
"Butter - It lubricates your veins and arteries (xpost from /r/pics)"
"chill guys. chill."
"Just a snowman"
"Please stop saying Jesus was a zombie. It's disrespectful. Instead..."
"City Bus Troll"
"Honestly  how the hell does this keep happening?!"
"Thoughts on the first weekend of August 2012 without A/C..."
"This Should Never Be Allowed to Happen"
"How I feel when my dad tells me to stop answering the questions on jeopardy."
"So I was looking up ideas for a new haircut when..."
"Definition of a badass"
"We have bigger problems  son"
"Pow... right in the kisser"
"Pow.. right in the kisser!"
"At least it's not Monday..."
"Oh yea  it's not Friday yet."
"Pretty much sums it up"
"This is me at work right now..."
"How I feel every Thursday..."
"How I feel on a Thursday"
"HIFW i came to work to realize it was only Thursday."
"ughh."
"Me when I think it's Friday"
"The only white rhino I care about"
"I wish I lived here."
"When I realize I'm on the 950th link"
"Story of my life"
"Mitt Romney on foreign policy"
"How I feel on my Cake Day."
"Cannot Un-see"
"What do you want for dinner?"
"Justice!"
"[Render] Downtown"
"[Render] Downtown"
"Like a boss."
"Like a boss"
"If I ever had to hit a bitch..."
"I said  shut up beioch!!"
"How to flee an awkward conversation  step one: create diversion"
"3 Unread Messages !"
"Hydrothermal Worms Awwwww yeahhhhh!"
"Some things you just don't want to see in your own microscope."
"Pupperoni Roll  Barco  Woofarito.. you choose"
"The Narrows. It is in the Texas Hill Country on the Hays/Blanco County line where a coral reef once thrived in land covered by an ocean that is now dry and frozen in time."
"This is a subway in Stockholm"
"Someone just found out there's no more twinkies being made... ever..."
"Twinkie maker  Hostess  is shutting down for good"
"Life's little Twinkie gauge is gonna go... empty"
"Tallahassee Finds Out About Hostess."
"How I felt after going to 14 stores without finding a single Twinkie..."
"A moment of silence..."
"The look on the kid's face is what makes this costume so great."
"He ain't all talk!"
"Remember when this phone was the shit? [fixed]"
"You should not have come here human"
"I am not a clever man."
"If you're a hot chick   me and every other straight guy here and on the planet do this to you in our minds"
"Thought I'd share this  as I'd not seen one before - a colorized portrait of Abraham Lincoln"
"Colorized portrait of Abraham Lincoln"
"Om Nom Nom"
"What a shitty situation."
"What a shitty situation."
"Every time Windows Update pops up just as i'm about to hit &quot;Enter&quot;"
"Seems legit..."
"This what I do when I'm alone in my house with the Deus Ex theme (X-Post from /r/community)"
"That moment when you realize what the big deal about r/spacedicks was."
"/r/spacedicks in a nutshell"
"How I felt on my first day browsing Reddit."
"hmmm  not sure guys but i feel like i'm on fire these days.."
"Took me longer than it should have."
"How I feel driving in a snowstorm at night"
"Just hanging out with my balls out"
"They're not even trying to subtle anymore"
"MMOs will say *anything* in their ads to get you to play"
"The Internet"
"Dropping the bass way too hard."
"'cause everybody digs a swingin' cat"
"Omnomnomno... Gimme that!!!"
"The President is copying me? That's pretty cool I guess...."
"I'm still not impressed."
"Obama is not impressed"
"Don't modify this image they said. Official White House photograph they said."
"Obama is not impressed (x/post from r/olympics)"
"McKayla Maroney and Obama  not impressed!"
"Sorry if repost  just saw on fb"
"Baby Korean Godfather (x-post pics)"
"You promised"
"naive jeremy"
"Bush Viper (WOW)"
"hores like carrots"
"Googled &quot;redditors&quot;. Seems about right."
"Googled &quot;The Perfect Redditor &quot; was not disappointed"
"So Mesmerizing"
"Rape is okay!"
"Yep."
"Holy Shit! Give him some marbles!"
"I demand marbles as tribute!"
"Nicolas Cage is...God."
"Wheeeeeeee....oh shhhhhhhhhhhit"
"This kid should be in the Olympics."
"As a black guy  this cracks me up every time"
"Poster ad for the Canadian Paralympics"
"Canadian Paralympics Poster"
"How to tell if a stripper has Daddy issues?"
"Um  can i help you?"
"bath  yes sir!"
"A friend of mine posted a picture of her dog on facebook; I figured reddit would like it."
"Miles."
"Almost didn't see Sarah Jessica Parker on this movie poster"
"And here we see..."
"Romulus and Remus don't have crap on this."
"Most of Jacksonville  FL"
"Ron Catson."
"I tried to cheer up grumpy cat in photoshop. It did not turn out well."
"SwansonTard"
"I am not amused"
"This explains so much..."
"One thing that makes Grumpy Cat happy....."
"PED."
"What if the male Avengers posed like the female one?"
"I know where I'm sending the kids this year."
"Quite."
"I mustache you a question"
"cats are awesome"
"The world seen from Norway"
"What the inside of Charlie's mind must sound like."
"Meet Patrick..."
"On April Fool's r/soccer and r/NFL switched the team crests. Here are the best comments made that day. (shameless crosspost)"
"I hate that my dad gets to choose what we do on fathers day."
"Yeah  there's no need to anymore"
"Retarded Running horse"
"Somebody forgot how an escalator works"
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"That escalated quickly"
"Best &quot;perp walk&quot; ever."
"An Amazing Statue I found in Italy"
"Celery--Nature's toothbrush for your colon!"
"brushie brushie"
"Evolution of Video Game Controllers"
"The Controller Family Tree"
"What's the difference between..."
"i guess i should feel bad for laughing"
"Best pillows ever."
"Congratulations!"
"Holy shit? They really do exist??"
"My General Reaction When Playing Black Mesa for the first time"
"What a shame"
"Bender"
"&quot;Om nom nom&quot; &quot;The hell are yo-&quot; &quot;NOM NOM NOM&quot;"
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the Olympics."
"Who else misses these guys?"
"Did not see that coming"
"Forever alone? Maybe you're driving the wrong car."
"When my brother's grades got the xbox taken away...."
"Unbelievable ice formation"
"The hottest band on the market. ( first post!!! =]. )"
"How I feel whenever I... nevermind."
"Baby Owls... adorable"
"turtle"
"Slow and steady wins the optimal net income"
"Just to make sure he gets noticed."
"Kidnapped again"
"Ancient Monastery in Armenia - Looks like what's left of Hogwarts"
"Thought reddit would enjoy a picture of the worlds smallest man dancing with his cat."
"Got your spleen! [nsfw]"
"When Alien cosplay goes too far... (PORN)"
"The most Russian name ever"
"I KNEW IT!"
"High five little buddy"
"Mix Star Wars and Pulp Fiction and you get..."
"There is no god and that's the simple truth - Penn Jillette"
"The tellytubbies have changed.."
"Trolling cops."
"I will bet on Kratos."
"Thaitanic"
"Canadian police chase"
"IKEA Jesus"
"WASSUP"
"Ouch! (X-post from r/pokemon)"
"I feel let down inside..."
"seems legit (aurora shooting suspect)"
"Grandma's cookies have long been heiled 'world's purest'."
"A special kind of christmas light"
"Knock knock...."
"Broscience Batman"
"Sweet tat  bro!"
"Floater (pic)"
"Not sure if she had sex or if it snowed.."
"A happy cake day to me (first cake day post  also not sure if repost)"
"I'm eight and a half inches.."
"YEEE HA!"
"So.Many.Puppies"
"OMGB"
"It's tough to be a dinosaur."
"Found this funnier than it actual is"
"EVERYBODY [version 2]"
"Sigh..."
"When 9gag attacks 4chan"
"He's vulnerable! Now is my chance"
"Fattest baby penguin you'll ever see."
"Judgement Day"
"Anti-Protester at Mardi Gras is doing it right"
"ALWAYS CHECK."
"The real reason why men leave the toilet seat up."
"NOPE?"
"This is why you look before you sit."
"No need for the toilet now"
"Cake day has finally come  couldn't find a picture of my dogs  so will this do?"
"How I feel being 22 and seeing younger women...[FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Walking into school on the first day..."
"That's quite a large update..."
"My friend and I made a mashup chain. Some got scrambled in the process though"
"Please note the seat belt sign has been turned on we ask you to remain in your seats..."
"Low Five"
"Truly  this is the worst tattoo you could possibly get!"
"NYC: Night/Day pic.... pretty amazing!"
"This always got me to go outside and be active as a kid."
"F-F-F-FIGHT!! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Just made this."
"Uphands"
"Oh shit"
"Just found out Snooki was pregnant. This was the first thing I thought of."
"This is how he was forced to move out of the way  it wasn't publicized."
"How i feel down voting a post on the front page"
"Thor  dressed as himself. Behold  hog of thunder."
"OH HAI"
"Oh  but it's art."
"How I felt when I graduated middle school"
"How I felt when I graduated elementary school in 1995"
"Saw this in r/eyecandy. Literally made me say WTF out loud."
"1GB of memory... about 20 years ago."
"Parenting: You're doing it wrong."
"Parenting - You're doing it wrong."
"Halloween....'MURICA"
"Leading Candidates For Best Parent Of The Year!"
"I just don't understand."
"mind = blown. Facts about you."
"Guess who"
"A picture of Theodore Roosevelt riding on a swimming moose"
"Hi I'm Christianity  and this is Jackass."
"Hey Reddit  FB had an idea.."
"Wiz Khalifa's tweets."
"Sometimes learning is brutal"
"So this just popped up on my news feed. I'm not quiet sure what to think of it."
"LYK DIS IF U CRY EVRYTIM"
"I cry everytim &lt;/333333"
"Glass of Water"
"Even Batman doesn't want to be disturbed during football"
"So my big sister decided to use this as a wallpaper because she thought it was cute. She had no idea what it was."
"Woman claims 3D Movie made her pregnant."
"Should have used contraception."
"Woman claims watching 3D porno film made her pregnant."
"Seems pretty legit."
"An age of [social] Empires"
"That's not how I remember him.."
"The stereotype that makes white people roll their eyes"
"Its just not her day"
"Yeah  it's a rat fucking a dead rat"
"Just saw this RPG at my local Social Democratic Labour Party meeting"
"How I secretly feel when I hear a song that I like out in the public"
"How I feel breaking 1k karma without having tits"
"I about craped myself. I hope this isn't real."
"Every man can sympathize..."
"Why i became an atheist"
"1.......2........3.......!"
"What I think about r/atheism"
"How I feel after eating Thai food before going out for a night on a town"
"Well  that's one way to get gum off of the bottom of your shoe."
"Oh  you! (xpost from gifs)"
"Pull tab for smile."
"Pull tab for smile. (Xpost from R/Pics)"
"The life of a cat."
"DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN"
"Business cat taking care of cat business."
"w-what did you do with Sonic?! [x-post from r/wtf]"
"The first GIF I ever made."
".016 seconds after a nuclear detonation"
"Hydrogen Bomb  those black dots on the horizon are trees [x-post r/woahdude]"
"The Trinity explosion  16 milliseconds after detonation. The fireball is about 600 feet (200 m) wide."
"Chargee!"
"Yeah  that sums it up..."
"Cookie."
"I'm here about the manager's position"
"Some people..."
"Stubhub twitter account got hacked"
"Zach Braff likes to oil up his followers asses."
"When I'm on the Phone with my Mother"
"Just started watching Game of Thrones"
"Turtle Burgers"
"look out!"
"Wrong Neighborhood Motherfucker...."
"Putting on your mask and running up 80 flights of stairs into the biggest fire you've ever seen to save someone you've never met  that's what it means to be an American."
"Math Teacher Fail."
"Pokemon writers.... Why?!?"
"A girls secret . . . ."
"Do you really think..."
"When I see someone call another person out for telling a fake story on the internet."
"Needs to chill out!"
"Sooooo... Where should we eat?? (sfw)"
"Something smells fishy about this place..."
"After a week long family vacation."
"Can you do this....?"
"My attempts at reaching the front page"
"Do a barrel roll! But ya know  like a really cute one"
"When it's my day off but it's too cold to go outside"
"Gotta Win 'em All!"
"My favorite wallpaper."
"Scumbag Cat"
"Cats are assholes"
"Cats are great."
"Another reason why cats are the worst"
"Just what my cats have been needing."
"Real Jesus VS Republican Jesus"
"Where is that dog at?"
"How I Imagine People Downvoting Posts On r/aww"
"still the funniest picture I've come across on the internet.."
"This Is America!"
"Is this poorly edited photo in bad taste?"
"Jimmy what Da Fuq?"
"How I make a living..."
"Flo Chart Rida. I mapped out Flo Rida's song &quot;Low&quot; a few years back."
"Flo-Chart Rida: 'Low' mapped out as a flowchart."
"The world's sexiest past time revisted..."
"So I decided to teach myself to use photoshop.."
"If you make a map good enough you don't need to keep releasing map packs. 14 years and still going strong..."
"Will Smith doesn't ride cheap..."
"And I'm alright with that."
"Call for a good time"
"Call for a good time."
"Where do I get one!?"
"Tig ol' bittahs"
"Stay serious."
"When my professor accused my class of spending all our free time on Reddit"
"How Reddit is treating my Cake day"
"Life is good."
"HE'S SO CUTE!"
"Just want's a tiny bit of cheese or peanut butter and somewhere warm to sleep..."
"Just a mouse on a swing"
"All My Bitches..."
"Easier than ever"
"Introduced my friend to meme's today  this was the result"
"Yeah puppies bitch! x-post r/pics"
"How summer hit the northeast today"
"As a six-year-old  this was the best book ever"
"Some things never change"
"Drink Beer Like A Boss"
"Drink four beers at once with the Beerterfall!"
"At least he is passionate about what he does."
"Passionate masturbator on the prowl."
"Don't mess with a Girl Scout....."
"Shakespeare Knows Whats Up"
"Every Women's Magazine"
"How I see Canada"
"To everybody posting on facebook that they are back at school:"
"Every time I give someone my id!"
"I see what you did there..."
"We got all the &quot;data&quot; we need."
"The longest journey"
"Anybody else immediately think of this?"
"One of my favorites"
"Testing my website in Internet Explorer"
"Cat on bacon your argument is invalid"
"A cat riding bacon in space. (smosh)"
"Reddit."
"This is my friends profile picture. This is also why I am friends with him."
"I hope you saved me a bullet  Stewie..."
"Surprisingly relevant xpost from /r/Iam14andthisisfunny  in light of Emma Watson's recent announcement..."
"I thought the first part worked"
"Always makes me laugh"
"This is how I feel when I'm driving home from work."
"Night at the Roxbury GIF 2.0 (Not what is love)"
"She is GOING to take it off this time  I SWEAR!"
"gamer logic"
"About right"
"How Magnets Work"
"Just in case you forgot..."
"Got acne? - Spot treatment ad"
"How I feel posting on r/funny after returning from a TV show's subreddit"
"How my attempts at being productive have went this week."
"Because escalators are just too damn slow!"
"I don't agree with Planking  but the Scottish know how to take it to a whole other level."
"Worst part of vacations"
"FUS-RED-DIT"
"Tec-9? I'd rather have a K-9"
"Redbull Stratosphere &amp; Halo"
"in case of emergency  break the glass [fb]"
"one of the most random pictures i've ever seen"
"How I feel all the time when people ask for my help with browsers."
"Created this as a Meme on thread of anal rapage  it is now popular enough that this popped up on my facebook wall. Still no rape."
"Leaving work on a friday! [x-post from r/funny]"
"now someone will jump and say    hey ! that's photoshopped ! noo the sun can go through Certain types of Dogs!!"
"Never been so thirsty in my life"
"When I'm Forced To Read On r/funny"
"I wish I could groove like this"
"Every time reddit goes into read-only mode I want pizza  because last time it happened  this was stuck at #1. Damn you Pavlov."
"I'm wearin' you down baby!"
"why hello there!"
"They said I could be anything  so I became a watermelon."
"WTF is the only way to describe this"
"The balls on this one!"
"Swedish Queen and King cheering for the Swedish handball team during the London Olympics."
"How i feel arguing with my girlfriend (Xpost from gifs)"
"Fighting level: DAMN!"
"Holy Shit..!"
"Fucking water  man"
"a little dance"
"Evolution of the Batman Logo"
"Why  Yes! I would like a ride... wait...wha?... no....NONONONONO!!!"
"Playing Borderlands."
"F1 accident"
"She may look clean but..."
"Toasted."
"Frog says…"
"How I feel when I make a post on reddit that has a typo"
"This happened. True story."
"Friend posted a picture of his daughter. I thought it was reddit worthy."
"Black Betty Rabbit"
"What I feel like posting to a sub that hasn't had submission in 6 months"
"Do NOT want."
"Texas Tan Line"
"How does it feel?"
"How does it feel to be a human?"
"I feel like I am...."
"this pisses me off about reddit"
"So...there's this..."
"It was you!"
"Went to the zoo the other day..."
"Found Steve Irwin's private plane"
"Rise of the silver.. Crocodile.gif"
"Happy Monday"
"Good Guy Professor Oak"
"Where can I get me one of those?"
"Amazing hand painting"
"Party monkey is all partied out...."
"Michael Bay???"
"Badass Presidents"
"In honor of today's election day I present the most historically accurate portrait of A. Lincoln."
"like a motherfucking boss"
"Really  dafuq is this"
"i heard reddit likes cute animals"
"Aww  this is a baby echidna. Enjoy its cuteness."
"This Guy"
"Me after Chipotle"
"How I poop when I see no new submissions in this subreddit for several days."
"Push it!"
"Only one game taught us about the inevitability of failure"
"DAE Think This Dog's Face Is... Unnatural?"
"I do not have a suitable title for this picture."
"My entire childhood"
"Whenever I try to pose in a group photo..."
"Oh how I love you"
"Oooh that tummy!"
"Because fuck you"
"You have to admit  this is pretty funny. (x post from AdviceAnimals)"
"fell asleep texting"
"Take it easy Granny!"
"deal with it"
"Sup."
"The comic homophobic seal came from. (Antics Comics)"
"Now This is a Politician I Can Support"
"Someone dressed the George Griffin statue at Georgia Tech as one of the Assassins from Assassin's Creed (x-post from /r/gaming)"
"Footprints...inspiring and informative"
"Pikachu Pushing a Kitty."
"my friend's dog doesn't give any sort of fuck"
"Nah i prefer the floor man...."
"So I went back up for more mashed potatoes  when suddenly..."
"Flash Backs"
"The things he's seen  the things he's done..."
"A Moment of Silence  Please"
"I heard Christmas music on the radio yesterday..."
"How I feel when I flash away from 3 enemies right into the other 2 "
"A bouncing Jello cube"
"Advice from the master"
"This man understands."
"I miss these."
"You hate the food but you eat it anyway."
"Eating while watching my favorite show"
"Ivysaur digivolve to...Venusauuuur!!!"
"ONE JOB PHIL.YOU HAD ONE JOB."
"Google has its priorities in order  I see."
"It doesn't matter why I was searching for it."
"Is Lil Jon gay  dead  and married?"
"I will destroy you!"
"Don't fuck with Karma."
"First time on /r/poop"
"I don't know what I expected..."
"Noon."
"Found this on tumblr  not sure if it's been posted here"
"Don't Mess With Karate Kyle"
"They never remembered the day I was born"
"trololol"
"Fuck doors"
"Spoil Dad this Father's Day..."
"A kid with real heart."
"I lol'd."
"Gangrene is some gross shit."
"A helpful reminder"
"I can watch this for hours and still laugh"
"Dafuq Lazy Town?"
"Who I think Paul Ryan looks like"
"Who I think Paul Ryan looks like"
"International Space Station (x-post from /r/SpacePorn)"
"I am FABULOUS!"
"When I finally beat my girlfriend in an argument"
"How I felt after my first successful post"
"Come at me Bro! Come at me!"
"Ed  Edd and Eddy strut their stuff"
"They had to do this on purpose!"
"Kissing Booth"
"This Amazing Image Is A Chicken Embryo at 6x Magnification  Taken Using Stereomicroscopy"
"Chicken embryo viewed under a microscope"
"Happy Lincoln  Sad Lincoln"
"High five"
"My palms get sweaty just looking at this"
"I doubled my comment karma with a single post  so I made this gif to celebrate!"
"What cakeday must feel like."
"Ethan Hawke... never saw it before"
"Autobots roll out!"
"Picture Day. What could go wrong?"
"Ariel meets the creep from Who Framed Roger Rabbit."
"Don't eat me  I'm fatty!"
"Meet Venus the 3 year old chimera cat."
"What happens when you drink according to the 1800s Temperance Movement. Can someone recreate for another substance?"
"I don't think Deadpool was a fan of the Star Wars prequels."
"One of my favorite statements from of my favorite men."
"Boner."
"&quot;Don't I know you?&quot; = 3RD DEGREE ASSAULT"
"The only gif that ever made me say WTF"
"Just a happy little..."
"Sandy launches a trampoline"
"Walking into the bathroom when someone else is already pooping"
"That kills."
"Just having a fucking awesome time."
"Amazingly timed photograph"
"MFW I realized Reddit is designed for people with ADHD"
"Everybody cut loose!"
"Proof that Cops are instinctively trained to break down every door instead of using them like a normal person."
"The front page is awful... here is a repost of a picture of a rock."
"It was a repost?"
"Winnipeg Psychics at their Finest."
"Because Fuck Nature  That's Why."
"Security for Satan"
"This cat truly has cheezburger"
"Well the cat got a cheeseburger. Time to shut down the Internet  there’s nothing left to do."
"Secret Service cat doing his job"
"C&amp;H On Judaism"
"C&amp;H On Judaism"
"Seaplane carrier... (favorite picture of all time)"
"Want."
"My brother and I spent the greatest time playing this when we were kids"
"So I found this on my feed today..."
"Guess the Browser."
"When someone I know adds pics to r/gonewild"
"Purify yourself!"
"Want."
"I thought schools were meant to be fair and understanding these days..."
"To the 53 percenters"
"Eating crackers like he owns the place. Pfft"
"An Olympic swimmer next to an Olympic gymnast"
"If anyone can make any sense of this  please do so."
"Now you can tell by the way I do my walk I'm a Womans man  no time to talk. [EVOLVED]"
"Pimpin' slinky"
"Who here remembers this day?"
"Atlantic Road in Norway"
"When I got my first mean comment on Reddit"
"HIFW I pretend not to look at my crush leaving the office with her boyfriend on a Friday."
"Interesting."
"You went a little too far there grandma.."
"bang animal abuse your doing it wrong"
"bang!"
"oh yes."
"Hey there  voter!"
"This has been circulating on Facebook. Anyone have good troll ideas or responses as to why the Pres can't control gas prices?"
"Those nights that you wish never ended"
"Carlos gettin' it at the club!"
"Drop It"
"This is one of those pictures where you look back and think  &quot;Oh God...what was I thinking?&quot;"
"I'll take three (NSFW)"
"The Art of Seduction [FIXED]"
"Heh heh heh"
"The thing about smart motherfuckers..."
"My new Favorite Gif"
"I love pandas!"
"cat owner humor"
"How I feel when i realized i missed my cakeday because of work..."
"Fowl Ball"
"I have 75%off coupon for Portal2 on steam. Anyone want change it for something?"
"Dude ... you sure that was a cigarette?"
"REPORT: LANCE ARMSTRONG USED RUGS 50% OFF"
"Meanwhile  this is how I feel every morning when I get on Reddit"
"Everytime I browse 4chan"
"A remarkable National Geographic shot of a Gecko's eye"
"Just a great dane  sitting on the London underground  like a boss"
"I've watched this gif numerous of times. I still don't understand how he passes out."
"does anyone know what happened here?"
"This happens far too often"
"Cracks my shit up! That eye…"
"How I feel when i preform oral sex on a woman"
"How I feel when Jehovah's Witnesses come to my house"
"The terrifying truth about Diglett..."
"When nothing I post impresses people on Reddit."
"Watching my Amazon PF Flyers review post get 3 upvotes while the repost makes the front page..."
"Halloween in Germany  circa 1930's."
"Not-zee clown you're looking for"
"Realistic South Park"
"Hey can I join you...guys? What's the matter??"
"Water has been found on mars! Its Beautiful."
"Aqua Vegeta"
"Jesus parties hard."
"Space"
"These are the voyages of the starship ENTERprise..."
"I've found the best movie ever!"
"It's been a weird day on the train..."
"Once I checked my account and realized that yesterday was my cakeday"
"A Horse Hugging a Beautiful Woman"
"Guitar Hero"
"Everyone seems to be liking pacman right now so I figured I'd upload my favorite Pacman picture!"
"not now"
"Half-Life 3 Confirmed"
"Clinton nostalgia"
"What I imagine people who upvote reposts are like"
"Yeah  that's why i don't have a girlfriend."
"My (strawberry) milkshake brings the boys to my yard..."
"Gangster as fuck"
"Thug Life"
"What Reddit is turning into."
"Only reason girls like a &quot;truth is&quot; status on facebook..."
"Couldn't think of a better combo for my first try"
"Meanwhile in Japan"
"why isnt this olympic ?"
"Wiggle Wiggle"
"How i feel when my posts get immediately Downvoted."
"Why couldn't you just finish the stupid riddle  Siri?"
"My sister's having a lot of fun with her new iPhone"
"That's my point  Siri..."
"Well played  Siri... Well played."
"Deciding whether or not to make a funny comment that could piss someone off"
"It's been a ruff week"
"Back to roots  you say?"
"the decent into madness"
"Friend posted this on FB... Thought it deserved better"
"Baaa dadadump"
"When I found out my cousin's post hit 1 000 points"
"Cupcake?"
"What a perfect muse."
"Just walking her pet. No big deal."
"A ring for Chuck"
"Spinning decks."
"Keyboard Cat? That's my cousin"
"x-post from r/pics  I finally found Howland Reed! (very minor spoilers GOT)"
"Fire &amp; Ice"
"A Different Type of Crotch Shot"
".....to protect against unwanted access."
"My Face Whenever I see a comment thread with a Community Gif."
"Crystal Skull"
"What kind of license do I need to ride this?"
"NSFW Collection"
"You're doing it right"
"Found this picture on my news feed."
"this picture always make's me laugh(x-post)from /r/pics."
"Ewww.. That better be some sort of candy."
"This must be one of those new Slip n Face-plant n Slides I've been hearing about."
"Cowasaki - Imgur"
"Beyonce"
"The roflcopter is coming for you."
"This little hippo just made my day!"
"At first I just laughed  until I realized the reality of it all (Calvin&amp;Hobbes)"
"My hands after a day of spreading concrete."
"Meet Steve! He's going to upgrade your tablets!"
"I just assumed this guy was a secret agent."
"According to the internet"
"How to defeat Professor X."
"Can I get puppito with a side of nachos please?"
"Can I get a puppito with a side of adorable please?"
"Can I get a puppito with a side of adorable please?"
"Puppy in a burrito."
"We havin' a party"
"Finish the fight. With your chair."
"How I feel when someone tries to &quot;troll&quot; me"
"Ch...ch...ch...Chia!!!"
"I heard you like growing animals. It doesn't end as you expect sometimes."
"Super Party Boy [10:08]"
"Ducks are great mothers."
"Boba Fett &amp; Deadpool go to Disney (xpost from /r/pics) - artist credit goes to &quot;m7781&quot; on Deviantart."
"Rage Guy Dwight"
"Iced Tea and Ice Cubes."
"The best way to refresh on a hot summer day"
"DAE love cat hair?"
"The Aurora Borealis from Space"
"Kick Them While They Are Down"
"Found this on facebook as a reminder that not even hurricane can displace these soldiers."
"Hurricane Sandy isn't stopping everything. The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier remains guarded."
"When my friend tried to lie about sneaking another hit."
"How I feel when my newly introduced friends of Reddit try to show me something on Reddit."
"The best way to feel like you're making a difference in the world...(FIXED)"
"Jesus hand farts"
"This guy just gets us"
"I'd see it.."
"Bill..."
"Beatboxing 101"
"BE GONE  DEMONS"
"Gets me every time..."
"r u fooling around??"
"Talk dirty to me"
"Why can't I live here?"
"My boyfriend brought me home a crapload chocolate a week before my period."
"This guy is pretty funny (he even provides a cat)"
"Big Heart"
"It's scary how much it resembles me when i do it"
"It's scary how much it resembles me when i do it"
"I giggled"
"Well?"
"The winners"
"Rockhopper Penguins taking a freshwater shower in the Falkland Islands."
"Just made this  it's my first photoshop."
"I can't be the only one who sees the resemblance..."
"Well then"
"I bet you never noticed this."
"Bad Luck Brian"
"Scumbag Zazu"
"Scumbag Zazu"
"How I am with my computer..."
"When i'm standing next to my friend and a girl compliments him  and not me."
"Found out the guy at gamestop didn't reserve my copy of Boderlands 2 ultimate loot chest edition[Gif]"
"How it feels to not have anything for my cakeday"
"How I feel after I post an outfit to /r/malefashionadvice."
"Having 3 finals to go  MFW I see posts about being on winter break."
"When I get a text from a girl saying she's not interested  after we had a really great first date."
"My iPod timer has been running for a while  too"
"THE GRANDMASTER OF ALL PLANKERS."
"Psychological Torture"
"Water fall island  Paraguay"
"My favorite photobomb"
"How the universe was created."
"Where it all began."
"The Doctor Who Drinking Game"
"Waiting for the Work Day to End"
"Did anyone else notice that it can be used as toilet paper....I'll buy one now"
"Best coat ever."
"HIFW I'm on keto diet eating celery watching my family eat Sunday dinner."
"America fuck yeah"
"Kneading the bread"
"Cat interlude"
"During the Soviet era  children had to undergo ultraviolet treatment to make up for the lack of sunlight."
"Get me 5 cases!"
"Great piece of art. How many can you name?"
"How about doing THIS with THIS? Front page here I come."
"Oh you!"
"Opening reddit and seeing my comment karma has doubled  along with 25 new messages [fixed]"
"When someone tells me they ran into my Ex"
"Just a normal  happy family... oh wait  wtf?"
"Optimus Prime VS Jesus Christ"
"Awww so cute (:"
"It's called teamwork  Trevor."
"Religion is like a Penis"
"Religion is like a penis"
"The problem with attempting a logical discourse with theists..."
"Oh Ron Swanson.."
"And this is what I think of your Brazilian Lulista political views..."
"So this is the Manhattan Bridge while they were building it"
"I wish..."
"You spend too much time on this thing!"
"Damn  it's fake. I'll just have to stay inside the closet."
"The real Facebook gold"
"The day I became a gamer."
"Are you in good hands?"
"Subway now has items on the menu for us!"
"My son facepalming like Picard (X-post from pics)"
"Hey Jude Flow Chart (x-post from /r/music)"
"Are you in compliance?"
"Vader Insures the Death Star"
"Nope"
"Picture of a girl being hit in the face with a ball mid contact  what can you do with this? (X-Post from /r/perfecttiming"
"Air Horn Prank"
"I won!... Bitch!"
"How getting on the front page felt"
"When someone reposts my link and gets less upvotes"
"Does this bother you?"
"Lie to me Pinocchio"
"You right now"
"What I think about every time there's a new Apple product"
"Mad Apple fans..."
"Seams legit."
"So I saw this on Facebook today"
"Safety Goggles"
"They caught us!!"
"Don't worry Batman  we got this."
"&quot;Negro boys on Easter morning  1941  Southside Chicago&quot; by Russell Lee"
"kids are clever"
"Whatever happened to bodacious babes?"
"Restaurant in my home town sells a 1lb BLT. It is truly beautiful."
"Shit your truck."
"Dolphin Punch"
"Emotional trauma in the toy aisle."
"Firecracker + ass = this [NSFW]"
"Connection is terrible  time to bring out the emergency back-up internet!"
"law of the wild"
"[pic] whinnie the pooh"
"Dolphin off the coast of Ireland"
"Clint Eastwood and baby Armadillo. What does Reddit think?"
"Clint Eastwood holding an armadillo."
"But dad...I am ashamed"
"The spirits told them to... [xpost from wtf]"
"Was it you?"
"She says it all..."
"That's why she is so pissed."
"One of the few pictures that have made me laugh out loud..i think it's the face"
"Who did it?"
"come at me bro"
"Was going through memes from my '03 Forum days  found this treasure."
"Get's harder to break it to them the older they get"
"Poetic"
"Just a couple jackasses."
"What an ass"
"When you see it...Meow"
"Don't you hate when this happens?"
"When my team actually cooperates and communicates in any game"
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan.... wait a sec...."
"After i found out i missed my cake day  but still get a trophy for being around for a year."
"Waiting for a .gif to load before it is at full speed"
"the next time someone tells you that you need a trailer to haul that ..."
"How I see Windows 8"
"How is he still alive. [NSFW  NSFL]"
"Words cannot describe what I just watched"
"An amazing game that's often forgotten"
"Hydrogen peroxide mixed with potassium iodide"
"When my girlfriend says she's never seen any Matrix movie."
"What species of bird is this?"
"Hipster Hitler  you kill me"
"Not gonna happen"
"This picture is full of WTF"
"What's a door?"
"Instagram"
"Nom."
"Everytime i get an upvote"
"I am the walrus"
"Your pocket does"
"God found him!"
"Whenever I see people asking for Karma."
"POWER TO MAIN THRUSTERS"
"After watching them trying to sing  I agree"
"Yeah! You gnaw that wood!"
"Beans Mother@&amp;$%er"
"Beans."
"OMG  Inspired by Jaws  OBviously!"
"Bad-Ass Shark Tattoo"
"An X-ray of a Stingray"
"The new face swap...the hair swap."
"I call him handman"
"I creep and I crawl"
"Well that was fast"
"Me and my Saxophone Will Lead Not Follow"
"Alternate LOTR"
"NOPE NOPE NO-HNNGRLLGG"
"HIFW I shotgun a beer"
"Welcome to the English language..."
"How it feels trying to post on reddit"
"Really ESPN? You couldn't find or didn't have a recent picture of Manning?"
"Don't know if this is a repost or not  but I am risking it anyways. R-MONEY's got the binders! [x-post?]"
"Album of the year"
"Presidential Mitt Romney"
"It Ain't Easy Bein' Cheesy"
"I Love Cheese!!"
"NOM NOM NOM!!"
"It's frightening how deep it really is"
"Wat."
"Happy Christmas Pup!"
"wat"
"Deep sea teeth cleaning [x-post form r/funny]"
"Skittles  taste the rainbow."
"Found a chicken dance gif!"
"Irony?"
"Good Guy Black Surgeon"
"Sick catch bro"
"I'm impressed and disturbed."
"Kitten-charming."
"Least Weasel"
"The chiropractor Gotham deserves..."
"My favorite 'deal with it' gif's"
"Deal with it"
"chill motherfucker"
"Sloths are too chill to care"
"My favorite gif of all time."
"When I fart in a room full of people"
"Stephen Colbert's senior yearbook page"
"Childhood Obesity is Always Funny (oldie but a goodie)"
"Nicki minaj before all the fake."
"This was me as I quit my job today."
"Bobcat kitten and fawn"
"awkward family photo I found on facebook"
"The perfect chair for reddit"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Why?"
"I see your big dog photos  I present you the Black Clifford   a dog used to hunt elephants."
"I genuinely don't know what to say"
"Not everyone on /b/ is so bad"
"Gave that bitch some bananas.. bitches love bananas"
"Banana Man"
"Dole."
"Not Sure How to Feel.."
"Japan does it again"
"Bananas?"
"It has arrived."
"Everybody Loves Gaben"
"Heath Ledger as the Joker doing a kickflip over Christian Bale as Batman."
"It's simple... We ollie kick-flip the Batman."
"Heath Ledger on the set of the Dark Knight"
"Saddest high five ever... (x-post from r/WTF)"
"I see you!"
"This is the only time anyone is ever allowed to take a picture like this..."
"The reaction I expect from any Cake Day post I make."
"Every time I get downvoted"
"How I feel when you assholes downvote the new content I post"
"How I felt today after being fired from a job after 1 week of working there because the other workers lied to the manager about me."
"A thrilling story"
"I was born in a tube..(x-post from r/wtf)"
"No drugs? No problem!"
"The best comeback in history. [FIXED]"
"Catholicism Wow!"
"Bandaid?"
"Overly manly man on kids."
"Grandpa said this while playing pool"
"Escher's relativity in Legos"
"This was on my twitter timeline..."
"Sandwiches will never be the same."
"Was browsing Fark Politics when this showed up.."
"When a friend reaches the front page"
"I knew"
"Stupid Animals [.gif gallery]"
"When your post is finally downvoted into the minuses"
"Hurricane Sandy..."
"underwater taxis in nj"
"Searched weird gif into google. Was not disappointed."
"Wakey Wakey"
"Reaction to seeing the yankee/redsox score after 8th inning"
"How I felt the first time I got karma"
"Cake day."
"Whenever a post with spelling errors makes the front page"
"I see your king of the internet and raise you. Ladys and Gentlemen  I give you the ruler of the internet"
"Reddit in a nutshell [fixed]"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Bill Cosby's Magical Hot Dog"
"Bill Cosby's Magic Hot Dog"
"Around and around"
"My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard NSFW"
"Chocolate milk anyone?"
"Thinking about death as an atheist"
"Never leave a man behind"
"Fap Time"
"Most of the scientific community after hearing about neutrinos..."
"Mind BLOWN"
"Mind BLOWN"
"The brain named itself."
"The brain named itself."
"My reaction when I realized it was my cake day and a whole year had flown by."
"Shell shocked soldier  1916"
"When I think of the perfect comeback 30 minutes too late."
"Its a sign"
"WooHoo! I would swing and sing that all day!"
"I googled &quot;I googled&quot; and this was the first hit"
"Let's Just Add a Little G to that Water"
"Fuck you  Pinterest"
"WTF is going on here?"
"Double Rainbow"
"Speechless..."
"photobombing cow"
"just a cow"
"I'm definitely starting with the first one ASAP."
"oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"Meanwhile  in America.."
"A truly committed scuba diver"
"My feelings on buffering."
"I live on a third world country and my internet is slow as a potato. This happens me every time on youtube"
"Saw this gem on a bulletin board on campus today  laughed for a while"
"Man's best friend"
"every. fucking. day."
"My reaction to getting a Google+ Invite"
"I don't know who to support"
"&quot;If I crawl like this they won't suspect a thing&quot;"
"Andrew Garfield vs Ice Cream"
"Tough Love Baby on Josh"
"Hulu's reaction to MegaVideo being shut down"
"Super stoked otter dancing"
"I hate people that take up two parking spaces"
"Poor Rhinoceros"
"Firefox has Encountered an Error..."
"Uhm  I guess so?"
"It all makes sense now"
"When I realize I forgot about an exam"
"baby platypi"
"Deliberate repost for Bot flushing test"
"Some douchebag decided to wake me up by banging on my bedroom door"
"Friday Afternoons"
"How I feel after almost a year of posting OC  I doubled my karma overnight with a repost of a cat."
"How I feel about most everything"
"What I feel like when I wake up for school"
"After loosing a shitload of Karma this week by trying to get on the front page of Reddit...."
"Just found out i missed my first cake day"
"How I ended the last week of high school"
"How I feel every week this year trying to pick games in company NFL pool"
"Just a few of my favorite 'fuck you' gifs from around the web."
"this is me  a poor university student  going home for thanksgiving this weekend"
"cham*pain (n.)"
"This guy's neighborhood told him he couldn't hang an American flag in his front yard  this was his response. 'Merica  fuck yea."
"I think its clogged...."
"I can't figure out how to get it to work:("
"Stood here for a bit. Was disappointed."
"I stood here for a while  but nothing happened."
"Yurop"
"I shit the queen!"
"Soon..."
"Soon.."
"How I felt gathering information on my recipient for redditgifts"
"Playing Volibear jungle  waiting in the bush to gank Fizz"
"How i feel after having a few and letting my up and down votes fly"
"When my post gets more downvotes than upvotes."
"I just signed up for a free month of NetFlix streaming service. I was able to watch about 1/2 of a documentary and now I get this every time I load NetFlix.com Has this happened to anyone else?"
"Great! Another Fantastic interaction with Origin. Strong Work EA"
"To all of those doing &quot;no shave November&quot;"
"Well...I tried."
"Where I feel most of us will be in about a week (regarding no fap september)"
"And I thought my family photos were awkward..."
"Some Families are Weirder than Others (NSFWish) [FIXED]"
"Who thought this was a good idea? (Kinda-nsfw)"
"So this is what a reddit birthday feels like..."
"Its my birthday today- Broke up with GF recently  200 miles away from home and alone on a work trip"
"Honey...There is a shark swimming on the lawn"
"Well  that's awkward."
"Yosemite Valley mist illuminated by car headlights at nightfall"
"Yosemite at Dusk [960x865]"
"FUCK YEAH"
"How it feels to post on Reddit some days"
"How I handle &quot;cakeday&quot; posts."
"Batman finally snaps."
"Old  but gets me every time."
"Yet again  4chan makes my day."
"When my friend dropped the f-bomb during dinner with my parents"
"Bacon Art: Starry Night."
"as a female redditor  this is how I feel about pinterest:"
"Every Kiss Begins With..."
"This subreddit in a nutshell."
"50 Shades of Grey? More like 50 shades of..."
"A village somewhere in America is missing their idiot..."
"If you're going to call someone an idiot learn how to spell. (this is not political it's stupidity)"
"Boats 'n Hoes"
"I told my girlfriend she looks like Mckayla Maroney... she was not impressed =("
"Cream?"
"No Fap February?"
"Kony Won"
"applle maps."
"Hostess is going out of business? This is what it will be like in a couple of months..."
"My girlfriend just texted me saying she &quot;shaved down there&quot; for the first time. This was my exact expression"
"Hoping for a speedy recovery"
"Get well soon!"
"I found this on Facebook today..."
"I really don't think they do"
"Giada misses the point"
"Channel 4's viewer's views on the Paralympics"
"Dat Neck"
"What did you expect from a subreddit named spacedicks?"
"Friend put this on FB  is it real?"
"A personal favorite."
"Crackalackin' - Imgur"
"Reddit when the words &quot;cakeday&quot; are put into a cakeday post."
"Dis mine..."
"Cats. Cute fuckin cats all around (in imgur comments)"
"When me and my buddies hit the club."
"Don't worry kid  I got your back!"
"Scumbag Bison"
"My first day in college"
"Nic Cage Cat"
"$5 pancakes"
"And my axe"
"Why?"
"The grandfather of legend [FIXED]"
"Finally a way to use my iPad and drink coffee!"
"They call her the broom holder."
"So that's Where my broom is"
"This kid.."
"What gets me is the sunglasses"
"regarding  ''Regarding  'There Are No Rules''"
"I guess a diet of nothing but cookies will do that to you."
"I always knew Miyamoto was amazing."
"Russian Penguin /updated"
"How I feel when I am in an awsome comment thread"
"Shit  it's my Reddit birthday and I only have a few minutes to use the computer. Is this redeemable for any karma?"
"MEOWTAL KOMBAAAT"
"Eyyyyy sexy lady"
"Sexy lady"
"Identify who each of them?"
"take it ez hans  take it ez..."
"Fork lift"
"Roboss"
"Cat with hat"
"The newest poster for The Hobbit has just been released"
"Great new poster for The Hobbit"
"The newest official poster for The Hobbit"
"NEW HOBBIT poster"
"That one really photogenic dwarf."
"Anytime I see &quot;This will get buried  so...&quot;"
"In honor of the fact that they won't be stopping at this film"
"Another how Twilight should end post"
"Parenting win"
"The internet's undersea world"
"Sounds like a fun trip"
"They can do it why can't I?"
"In case you missed it earlier today..."
"Fear the Beard  zero fucks given. (stolen from /r/pics)"
"Bullet Bill is here to kill"
"If this is how the world ends... I'm going to be pissed."
"Look Up in the Sky!"
"A downvote gif for my real life cake day"
"If this is a real thing  I want it in my house"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Did you just look at my chest?"
"Wait.... I don't even..."
"Am I the only one who hears this song when I see this GIF?"
"Decided to peruse the comment section of AskScience today"
"How everything seems living in New Orleans right now"
"What I have been able to conclude from all my Facebook feeds and news headlines."
"My siblings' reaction when I told them I'm an atheist."
"Oh turtle"
"Lets not lie  who else's weekend is exactly like this?"
"Every weekend"
"How i feel as a broke college student in /r/foodporn"
"Sad kitty (X-POST FROM R/REPLYGIFS)"
"Yes this is dog! I am on my way!"
"professor mcgonagall drawing by writing &quot;Minerva  Mcgonagall  witch&quot; a million times in ballpoint pen."
"Does anyone remember playing with these?"
"Opening Reddit for the first time since the blackout"
"Whenever I see a hot girl in yoga pants walking around on campus"
"You know I'm a hero..."
"Before there was Psy"
"So my base got griefed recently...Who did it?"
"Taking bumper stickers to the next level"
"This is... *finger in air* I just... *balled fist against mouth* I think... *concerned stare* ahem..."
"He does a shitty job"
"And you thought your job was bad"
"Saw this on Facebook today..."
"Sounds about right."
"Found this internet gem while Googlin' a friend..."
"Damn kids"
"how i feel seeing all these ridiculously amazing pictures taken from cellphones on the frontpage"
"Life in a College Dorm"
"Spoon"
"Enter 3rd Player"
"Gets me every time. [:D]"
"This was me when I saw these while young (OoT)"
"Nick Offerman without his mustache"
"Cleavage Revenge."
"Sums up high school for me."
"Yo dawg  I heard you like chains"
"MFW creationists ask me &quot;if god isn't real  how do we exist?&quot;"
"Asked my wife how she gets karma ... this was her answer..."
"Any time someone comes to me with a work problem Friday afternoon"
"What all the scientists in Black Mesa look like thanks to Reddit."
"So I made a toon on Warsong-us..."
"Fearless (X-post)"
"Great White just starting to block out the sun"
"So tiny"
"The things I would do to hold one of these."
"Captain America Downvote."
"A is for America"
"Reading a book - gangnam style"
"After a year on here..."
"Someone dropped their phone at Ikea today. I ran to give it back to them. They Gave me a smug look and kept walking..."
"Mosh pit"
"Twinception"
"Simply awesome"
"'Rollin 'round the hood  you can call me george washington."
"Driving like a boss."
"You Sure Had Some Moves Old Man"
"I  also  heard that r/funny likes to party"
"How I've been redditing since the emergence of r/wheredidthesodago"
"How i am today whenever someone posts something about Pokemon X and Y no matter what it is."
"Girl Trashes Ex-Boyfriend's Apartment. So fucked up."
"laughed way to hard at this XD"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk. (Milford CT Via WTNH)"
"Well that's just mean  Sandy. (CT)"
"So Sandy blew a trampoline onto a powerline in my town..."
"Hurricane Sandy finally hit. This happened in a neighboring town."
"Well...crap..."
"I think Sandy had something to do with this..."
"Power's Out"
"Just a reminder to secure all items in your yard during a Frankenstorm  from Milford  CT."
"Hurricane Sandy's starting to show up here in CT  and she clearly doesn't appreciate trampolines"
"/r/gonewild"
"Writer's Block"
"You know you're doing it."
"The real life Tracy Island! A Volcanic island Aogashima  part of the Izu Chain off the coast of Japan"
"The inhabited volcanic island of Aogashima."
"I found The island of the firelord"
"I just had sex for the first time."
"When people are singing &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; to me"
"Emoji saves the day!!"
"Shut up and take my money! NOW!"
"Hilarious Olympic advert"
"Why so many Christians become atheists..."
"My face when I learned that &quot;imgur&quot; was pronounced &quot;image-er&quot; rather than &quot;im-grr&quot;."
"Reddit after installing RES"
"Bye bye soul"
"What!?"
"Dat Ass"
"Hundreds of millions of poor people and the religious leaders build a temple made of gold"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY! (NSFW)"
"Insightful quote"
"This Dino blows."
"Gender gap explainer"
"Right after I found all of my pillows ripped apart (She thinks I can't see her)"
"A challenger appears!"
"¡¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo!!"
"What is tha- wtf is going on here?"
"Llamas &lt;3"
"Fabulous"
"ohh math humor..."
"When I see someone look at their controller before they press a button..."
"Capton Falcon check up."
"Ron Swanson...."
"Now who's running?"
"/r/GifSound  I give you...DOCTOR WHO!"
"How I feel when I see something I downvote in 'new' lands on the front page."
"One Day  Simba"
"&quot;One day  Simba  the sun will set on my time here  and will rise upon you as the new king.&quot;"
"Lion King in real life"
"Whenever I receive 0 karma for a post this always comes to mind"
"Googled 'well that makes sense' and found this..."
"My wife just surprised me with advance screening tickets to the Dark Knight Rises..."
"When someone has already made the comment I wanted to make on a post."
"This is how I feel when girls change their relationship status to &quot;in a relationship&quot;"
"How I feel when underclassmen need help"
"Guys there is life on the other side of Reddit  who's with me"
"DANCE  SPIDEY  DANCE"
"Interesting bathroom stall"
"The most epic bathroom ever."
"Thank god im not that kid!"
"december 21st may be a good thing after all"
"My reaction to doing better on a test than I expected"
"aggressive sloth"
"sloths xpost from wtf"
"Now it's just a matter of using them in a poem"
"Rape."
"Reddit likes cats and boobs right??"
"Wow that was close!"
"When Gangnam Style reached 1 billion views"
"One of the hardest difficulties our generation will create"
"Future kids of Reddit users"
"Winter is coming..."
"Please  Daisy  Get Better Soon."
"Underwater enema [Does NSFW need saying here?]"
"Japan makes progress with its space program![NSFW]"
"I don't even.."
"A pic of Drew Carey when he was in the marine core."
"Beauty in British Columbia"
"Tree arising from rock"
"Despite your political preference..."
"Epic Warning Labels on Chris Brown Albums @ HMV  UK"
"Whoah"
"Prince of ME"
"Trust me I am a professional"
"Of course you do cookie monster."
"What I imagine I'll look like a few days into October"
"The Original Star Wars Crew"
"MIKE! YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!!!"
"Well  that's a nice surprise. I wasn't hungry anyway"
"O thats why its called a sausage."
"I give you the John Holmes of sausages."
"4chan shows its support for 9GAG"
"Jay and Silent Bob pursuing happiness"
"Jay and Silent Bob pursuing happiness"
"Rob wants to give you a high five..."
"no...no....noooooooooooooooooo"
"What tragedy have I missed?"
"I think we all know who is the best superhero here."
"Editors! Make sure you look at *both* sides of the spine before you okay the magazine..."
"Who does this? NSFL"
"im going to hell for this."
"Holy shi... is this even real?? [NSFW / NSFL]"
"Now that the Steam sales are over..."
"walking barefoot on grass in the middle of a drought."
"Cat GIF's"
"These are simply the best"
"Thanks  Jesus  for the food"
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Who you should really thank for your food."
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Jesus  thank you for this food."
"De Nada"
"Thank  Jesus  for all this food."
"cats."
"This changed my life"
"Puppy love."
"Dog Valentine's"
"after taking your first hit in a few weeks"
"When I'm waiting for my friends to pick me up from my house"
"Banjo Frog"
"Turtle nom"
"Baby turtle loves eating mashed potato"
"Like a Boss - level 10"
"If you park like this..."
"Still don't believe aliens have taken over our world?"
"When I click on a link titled &quot;Fish Porn&quot;"
"A more satisfying and logical ending to Lost"
"TIL there is still some creepy shit in this world. Meet the Poodle Moth"
"How I feel going shirtless at the pool as a fat guy"
"First time editing a gif. I think it's SMASHING!"
"Because why not"
"&quot;Ghost Rider 3: Greece&quot;"
"How I feel when i get down votes for what I thought was an extremely funny post"
"Teeny tiny hermit crab"
"yaaaaaaawning baby sloth"
"Sloth Tong"
"Baby sloth yawn challenge"
"Walking in on your parents..."
"The reason Nokia phones are indestructible (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Oh yeah  totally legit guys."
"Ice-T anyone?"
"Praise the Lawd."
"Writing an essay"
"First essay of the new semester"
"Every time I feel i'm making progress.."
"Training for Glass Joe"
"I have but a simple request...please  someone put Nigel Thornberry's face on the guy in the green and post it in the comments. Thanks!"
"Party Style!"
"I give you 2890.00$ in pennies"
"what..."
"Repost  lol"
"God and Pokemon"
"The Average Asian Aging Process [r/pics thread xpost]"
"TIL of an optical illusion phenomenon. When you see it...!"
"reddit is full of retards."
"You got some big biscuits."
"Scraggy is confused."
"Breaking Bad for halloween."
"Waking up on Mondays"
"Un-stackable cups"
"High Five?"
"How I feel when there is too much wind at a [8] [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Walking into a spider web"
"this not your average party. and wtf is that thing!?"
"If this isn't the creepiest SFW picture on the Internet then I don't know what is"
"Cleaning out old WTF pictures  found this beauty."
"The first WTF thing I ever saw on the internet."
"Elephant on water-skies...yup you read right"
"How I imagine 9gaggers (xpost from r/gifs)"
"I went on 9gag for the first time  and I found out why we hate them"
"How I Feel Downvoting RPG posts"
"How I feel about all the friendzone posts on Reddit"
"Look at this adorable little fella I got from the alley behind my house!"
"Regarding recent game devs facebook posts.."
"Paris Hilton talks shit on homosexuals. In other news..."
"My reaction to Justin Bieber throwing up on stage."
"Wookiee Puppy"
"Really Japan? Really?"
"How I take advantage of Steam sales."
"Every time I listen to Bohemian Rhapsody"
"How i feel watching the Superbowl."
"When I look at the comments section of an r/askscience post"
"How I feel reading The God Delusion"
"When I tried to learn how to dungeoneer by looking up guides on youtube."
"When I read the answers on an Ask Science question"
"Whenever I'm studying for a difficult exam"
"Trying to read a simple sentence in Latin after years of not studying it."
"Obi wan hates dogs!"
"Excessive Force"
"You nigga betta luv mah repost of a repost"
"You forgot the one that makes you forget what you're doing when you walk into a room"
"Genetics for dummies- visual aid"
"N'awwww"
"I'll be watching you"
"well.... shit"
"As a sailor/kayaker  this is my biggest fear."
"A Fairly Tense Experience"
"A Fairly Tense Experience"
"That's one ridiculously photogenic horse"
"What r/gaming does to zelda"
"Hey guys! The Oatmeal! Tesla! Edison!"
"This is what my town is famous for."
"How I feel about all the iOS Maps comments/stories"
"Atticus ain't no bitch"
"Pour it  slut."
"My first time going directly onto /r/Adviceanimals"
"Every time I look at &quot;The people you may know&quot; on Facebook"
"How I feel about some of the 'Top' artists at the Grammys"
"My reaction to the recent trend of seeing &quot;lol&quot; used in every second comment"
"Confusion"
"I really wanna go do this in public"
"My reaction to getting lots of karma on something i post."
"Going to imgur to upload my cakeday cat photos and realizing that it is down"
"Ever wonder what happened to Beans from Even Stevens?"
"When did beans from Even Stevens become a child molester?"
"Beans from Even Stevens ..."
"Hes not here right now."
"No... No...."
"Consuela"
"Hurricane Approaching New York - from the movie Independence Day?"
"Is this frankenstorm picture real?"
"Showed up on my feed (NYC)"
"Frankenstorm looming over lady liberty"
"Not sure if this is Sandy or Independence Day"
"Shot of frankenstorm over New York"
"shits about to get real"
"Time to play a little game I like to call &quot;Hurricane Footage or Scene from the Apocalypse?&quot;"
"That boat's about to get fucked up."
"Frankenstorm versus Lady Liberty"
"AMAZING PHOTO OF SANDY AS IT HITS NEW YORK - X-POST R/SANDY"
"God dammit  reddit. I keep seeing this picture of Sandy over NYC on Facebook. It's as fake as fake can fake. Help me fight this bullshit. (Original images in comments.)"
"Sandy heading for NYC"
"Nature you scary... and beautiful"
"This popped up on my fb thought I would share..."
"Dogsat at my parent's house this weekend and drank a bottle of the wine they order in bulk  assuming it couldn't be that pricey. My reaction when I got the call about how that shit was $100 a bottle as a college student who will most likely not drink so expensively ever again..."
"How I feel at intersections with brony music blasting in my car"
"When I found Out Kim Kardashian is going to run for office"
"I was certified as a 'jean stylist' at Wet Seal today."
"Mortal Kombat"
"Ironic?"
"Taylor Swift is a road hog!"
"Top Gear: Always Honest"
"Top Gear: Always Honest."
"Challenge Issued!"
"Ultimate reddit Halloween costume."
"Lady Gaga is unoriginal"
"Am I the only one on r/atheism that feels this way?"
"How the hell are there so many?"
"Am I the only one....really?"
"I do appreciate the warning though..."
"Whenever I see the &quot;Look who I ran into today!&quot; posts."
"Seriously...I love it (and no  I'm not gay)"
"This lil' guy is just having so much fun! Awwww"
"This gif always manages to make me laugh (x-post from r/funny)"
"Ann Hathawtf?"
"when your friends are dicks"
"A gamer's movie idea's."
"Get down with yo' bad self"
"When my boss tells me I can leave early."
"post a song that would go perfectly with this gif."
"I just told my five year old daughter that I put more freezer pops in the freezer. Here is a comparable reaction."
"Gotta love Stanley"
"Shit...I forgot how to eat chips"
"It's the eyes..."
"How I feel whenever someone wants me to hold their baby"
"Ed Stark: Weatherman"
"Chinsssss"
"Mr (E)T"
"Ducks will take over the world!"
"Homosexuality will lead to duck revolution  says 14 yr old homeschooler"
"Nothing to see here  just a Lion riding a horse."
"It has begun."
"Green"
"Nailed It."
"Gettin' out of the truck like a boss"
"Pixar: Close Enough"
"I already know what this years Halloween costume will be."
"Powerwheels Peelout"
"This little girl has already accomplished more than you will in your entire life...."
"Slide: you are doing it wrong. (Also Physics)"
"It's snot  right?"
"So I was using a random imgur link generator and found this..."
"Assclowns  meet your new god."
"Favelas of Brazil. The boundary between wealth and poverty."
"Archer. Just the tip."
"Trying to make a budget for the first time"
"Source Filmmaker."
"So I decided to buy train simulator..."
"How I picture Scott Howson and the CBJ front office on a day to day basis"
"coolest sculpture ever?"
"Oh MY GHOTHAM LORD !"
"Living on the Edge..."
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt."
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"dont let go"
"Fat pussy"
"When my boss tells me I'm working the entire week that I planned to take off."
"when I walk into McDonald's with more than $5"
"I know this is a repost but I just found this on an old flash drive and got warm and fuzzes from it."
"I'm becoming insane"
"I'm not sure why this works  but it just does"
"So close"
"Me Poochsta"
"Showing off gets you no where...."
"Nice work Luke!"
"Good on you  Nordstrom."
"You had one job. When you realize it..."
"We do it again!"
"This is how I feel after calling my current girlfriend by my ex girlfriend's name..."
"Regretful Chet."
"What came up when I google searched &quot;Seal's Body&quot;"
"What...I don't even (Seal face swap from The Voice"
"You want a piece of me?? Take this! And that! Oh shit  don't hurt me.."
"The only people I know that truly love each other [FIXED]"
"True love."
"Been saving this one for a while. c - Imgur"
"Do you even lift?"
"Happy pufferfish is happy"
"Smile!"
"Interesting..."
"Why?! Photoshop is not meant for this!"
"My Favourite Faceswap"
"the best face swap of all time"
"The eighth result for &quot;happy reddit face&quot; on Google Images..."
"My favorite face swap."
"Always sit up front!"
"Here's your order  have a nice day"
"He does exist!"
"I am trying this at my next school dance"
"How I felt whenever I hit the jackpot in an arcade"
"Criminal Love outside a Manhattan Police Station"
"X post from /r/funny"
"His face is priceless"
"I FUCKING LOVE MARSHMALLOWS"
"Andre the Giant is much bigger than Arnold."
"Arnold  Wilt Chamberlain  and Andre the Giant on the set of Conan."
"Perhaps r/wtf will appreciate party_surgery.gif?"
"Density of various liquids"
"A Nine Layer Density Tower"
"When I see free food"
"The Internet Army"
"Fastball"
"After staying up all night before my first day of classes."
"what"
"I'd love the story behind this."
"Most girls reactions when they see shit like this."
"What the fuck are you looking at"
"x post from comments..."
"This is about the most religious posts I get on my facebook feed. I count myself lucky"
"I found him!"
"My reaction whenever someone asks  &quot;Oh! Do you read reddit too?!&quot;"
"&quot;Did you get it wet?&quot; When trying to exchange my cell phone that I dropped in the toilet."
"My friend's 5-year-old son brought his homework home"
"Ka-POW"
"Can't possibly think of a title for this"
"I'm going to hell for this."
"I just bought an external hard drive. That feel."
"How I felt the first time I put on those Wrangler U-Shaped Jeans..."
"Rainbow chaser"
"Rude duck"
"Clint Eastwood on gay marriage"
"This arrogant son of a bitch  doesn't he realize there's a man in need?"
"Christian double-standard"
"Whenever I see something on the front page that I totally could have thought of - but didn't. [gif]"
"..and that is ladies and gentlemen  how the first Girronkey was made."
"Angels are such dicks."
"Stop hitting yourself."
"Tacked this to a board in my school's chapel."
"This belongs here."
"Tell me your secrets  glorious zebra butt."
"So  you like donuts  eh?"
"Homer sugar on me."
"How I think I look to other people when I eat. (P.S. I'm a fatty)"
"This made me laugh so hard..."
"Did someone say..."
"Bill Gates saving up for Lamborghini"
"Every time The Fray comes on when I'm watching Scrubs"
"Typed in &quot;Saddest picture on the internet&quot; [FIXED]"
"I googled &quot;saddest picture on the internet.&quot; This was one of the results."
"Doesn't matter; Cheerleader"
"Shit happens... [nsfw]"
"If it fits I..."
"Fuck it  I'm out."
"On my reddit birthday  I present to you: my favorite gif. Ever."
"How I feel after a 4 week tolerance break  taking my first bong hit."
"They said I could become anything"
"Huge airship anchored by its front  standing nearly upright. Incredible."
"The colors of the rainbow"
"How I feel when my posts get downvoted"
"NOM NOM NOM PUPPY CHOW"
"How I felt when I realized that I'd missed my cake day."
"Obama-san."
"Began a game of Pandemic... I have done the impossible."
"All damned day on reddit today"
"How i feel after doubling my link karma today."
"Wait a minute  sequels? I'd like a sequel to this."
"Vodka"
"Anybody who has ever tried to teach a parent about technology over the phone."
"It's raining cats and... cats."
"Y2J?"
"Evil Laugh"
"Learning the dangers of drugs  Sesame Street style"
"Chris Brown's Rihanna Tattoo"
"Friend chilling with a stingray"
"Good on you  reddit."
"They just don't understand..."
"The seasons"
"Almost like travelling in time"
"Time of the season"
"dont h8 da playa h8 da gam3"
"House  Master Dancer"
"I hate it too..."
"Shots Shots Shots"
"Hey guys 8)"
"Everybody meet Zues. 8)"
"Grab a cactus"
".......Is that a cactus?"
"Quick!"
"Bellsprout's sexy and he knows it"
"Sexy and I know it."
"How I feel trying to dance for a girl"
"That's a last supper I'd go to."
"Now this is a last dinner I'd like to attend."
"Innovators of science and the cosmos  all at one table"
"The Last Supper"
"the last supper"
"dwarf japanese flying squirrel"
"I'm not sure what the hell this is  but it sure is cute"
"Smiling"
"aw yiss"
"Aw Yiss"
"Aw yiss"
"Can someone tell me where this gif comes from? I'd love to know why she had that reaction and what happened. Thanks!"
"Chet Haze (Tom Hanks' son) is now trying to deny the Reddit account was his..."
"I fucking told you!"
"Finally got my girlfriend to start a Reddit account(she swore that she never would)"
"Do i give a shit about April fools  Brace your selves  Game of Thrones is Coming!"
"I'll just leave this here."
"Not safe for feeling"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Anteaters hate christmas"
"Or you could just stand there and smile..."
"Life as we know it"
"A redditors life"
"Batman Comic"
"I love it batman!!!"
"Nothing can deter The Joker."
"Did you say carrot?!?"
"Thought r/aww needed some more Axolotl"
"Corgi's got moves"
"Technically not wrong I suppose"
"Surprised this one hasn't been done yet..."
"&quot;Your mother fucks for bricks to build your sister a whore house&quot;"
"I feel incredible pride in this man"
"Bunny wants a cookie.. Please?"
"Icecream  yurmmm."
"Wat. I can't even..."
"CHOCOLATE  YES!!!"
"Chocolate bird!"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Hey  catch me..........aw  fffuuuuuu...."
"For my cakeday I present you 1 my favorite gifs."
"Get Away From My Plant"
"Hi there."
"Karma Chameleon! (probably for the millionth time)"
"A Comparison of Belief in Evolution Vs. National Wealth"
"thug life"
"George Carlin"
"George Carlin knows what's up"
"oh no..."
"Whenever my parents tried to give me &quot;The Talk&quot;"
"Kick ass!"
"Instead of buying more candy for the vending machine.."
"Young Stephan Colbert makes me quiver"
"Just Another Child's Book Passing Through"
"Some more black humor for reddit today"
"A Wild Pacman!!"
"Pac-Man IRL"
"found this little guy in a dumpster  any idea what he eats?"
"I'm screwed."
"My problem exactly"
"When I wake up and find my Girlfriend wet the bed."
"Walking home from class and I started to see some snow flakes fall."
"The mayor of Reykjavik along with Lady Gaga and Yoko Ono"
"He wants to be a race horse."
"Blah blah 'Shark Week' derp derp"
"Suddenly  I'm not afraid of sharks anymore..."
"Sharks aren't so scary with human teeth!"
"How menacing"
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"And only one of them is gay"
"Look at all the bothers he gives!"
"Hates Gonna Hate"
"Japan?"
"...that's weird."
"WTF!"
"cause fuck you  bitch"
"Maybe keep working on it.."
"I'm on a bike beeeeotch!"
"Awwgasm"
"C'mon dude!"
"Slender"
"Female Cranial Fillet."
"I'd like to try the #2 combo..."
"Always make sure your garage is secured to the ground"
"Never Forget the Twinkies"
"Snowball Seal"
"How I feel after 2 days of sleet."
"Us Brits when it comes to a bit of snow..."
"Hardcore Christian friend uploaded this  what to do..."
"Last day of school ... when the last bell rings"
"What I look like when I try to dance"
"Just a koala"
"Vote for Patrick Star - Imgur"
"Vote Patrick Star"
"The Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"The Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Looper explained in one gif"
"Snookies Baby"
"How I feel as a 31 year old on Reddit."
"Old Yeller - my favorite movie"
"Reading my small hometown's newspaper"
"How I feel on Reddit at times [Fixed]"
"Feline disrepect [nsfw  maybe? I don't even..]"
"Just this once I'll applaud child abuse"
"Tyrion Slaps Redux"
"Just lose it"
"found this funny.."
"Awesome Saints Row 3 Error"
"I think my game broke - Imgur"
"Bat Embryo"
"Bat Embryo"
"You're a wizard  Harry!"
"The Diapernator"
"Googled &quot;Arnold Schwarzenegger as a kid&quot;... (x-post from r/WTF)"
"We Have Avenged You"
"Don't worry He's sleeping"
"Sleepy cat"
"The adventures of Lord Mario"
"Best idea I've ever had"
"Doritos in Pepper Grinder...FTW."
"I hope this isn't a repost"
"Krusty...the early years."
"It's my cake day IRL  and this is how I feel."
"Phil Spiderman"
"Food Pokemon"
"*Overused title concerning amount of fucks given*"
"saw these two posts today  thought it would be perfect"
"Superheros."
"Superhero family."
"Radical Larry... Vibrating through walls since 1917."
"Now it is your turn."
"You just know this is what happened after the &quot;Whole New World&quot; singing scene..."
"So true."
"Oops"
"Around the World [FIXED]"
"Goddammit  Spongebob"
"I'll never let go"
"Suicide ring"
"We need more of these"
"Don't sneeze in the shower (NSFW)"
"What its like watching gifs on my new phone"
"Fire in the hole!!!"
"Fire in the hole!!!"
"Pretty Eyes"
"Meanwhile at Waterford train station in Ireland."
"Here Edward  I Made You Some Tea."
"I'm just gonna put these right here"
"My nips are rock hard."
"Cutie-Patooty"
"My sister-in-law saw this at her local Dallas Starbucks...(yes  it's real!)"
"I want a cerp of cerfee!"
"SERW THERS ERN MAH WER TER WERK THERS MAHRNIN"
"Release the kraken..."
"Every mariner's worst nightmare"
"Why did I laugh so much @ this?"
"Found this on my Facebook today..."
"Every goddam morning"
"8 O"
"No Fap September is over..."
"Anyone with a combo for this gif?"
"We get it!"
"Grandma rides bike"
"The greatest invention ever created by mankind."
"When a teacher tries to tell a joke"
"This is still my favorite comic on the internet"
"Colonel Sanders &amp; Alice Cooper."
"I just found myself slouching like this while browsing reddit..."
"My brother and I when our divorced parents get in a fight"
"MFW I go through a wormhole"
"A man getting hit by a train"
"Spongebob + Realism"
"Spongebob  the creepy version."
"Didn't realize it was my cake day until 8 pm today... here's pretty much how it went down."
"Republican Convention: I think you're doin' it wrong."
"Stay classy  target."
"College Essentials"
"A truck in North Korea retrofitted to run on a barrel of burning wood"
"Shark in a NJ street"
"A shark was spotted swimming in the streets of Wildwood  NJ after the hurricane."
"spongebob?"
"Me  every meal."
"Inspecting mirrors"
"Dogs gone wild"
"How I felt when two of my four finals were online and the other two were open book."
"Don't you hate it when you forget why you went in to the kitchen?"
"This isn't a .gif"
"It's not a gif  I swear!"
"The Power of Alcohol"
"Woah.... [Xpost from Woahdude]"
"Giant 8th grade football player"
"An 8th grade football game."
"20 Levitating Animals [x-post from /r/aww]"
"Complaint jar"
"America Fuck Yeah! (Probably been done already)"
"How I feel when I've made a successful post:"
"I thought you guys might enjoy my desktop background"
"Mastodon Applied."
"After years  this still makes me laugh when I'm going through files on my computer"
"Reddit  Reposts  and Cats.."
"By far  my favourite Beatles picture"
"This guy should be on the Olympic team."
"Current Indoctrinational System"
"when i have exact change for something"
"Admirable passion for his team"
"Rainbow in the candle smoke. Credit in comments."
"That explains so much..."
"I think I'm in love."
"MY PRECIOUS!"
"GOTHAM STYLE!"
"SLAP MOTHER FUCKER"
"How I feel after browsing /r/gifs for 4 hours"
"My reaction to NC passing Amendment 1."
"Death Star and Alderaan pumpkins"
"These things are dangerous! First they attack humans now they're trying to kill the animals!"
"Every time I try to reach the front page"
"This is how I dance at clubs."
"Nintendo facts"
"Just trying out navigation in iOS 6..."
"Goodbye cruel World."
"I must go..."
"Karma whore??"
"Can't a guy just get his handsome on?"
"world champ"
"This was in pics.. if I've ever seen anything that belongs in /r/aww..."
"No photo has ever fucked with my head as much as this. I can just not see this as being one dog."
"Helping a friend out."
"If I had a dog this woud definitely be it's costume this Halloween."
"one-man Zoo"
"How drunk you'd have to be before even considering wearing these costumes for Halloween?"
"Pictures from Helloween"
"Today is my cakeday. I think I'm going to delete my account."
"Just realized I've been on reddit for an entire year..."
"Makes me laugh every time."
"I asked a girl out and she said no!"
"Here's to a year (and many more to come) wasted on reddit!"
"Been on Reddit for a year  how I feel when thinking of all the lost time:"
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"I feel like this should be in a game..."
"Motherfucking chainsaw catana"
"Some pictures say too much. Have fun reddit. [CaptionThis]"
"Whenever my family wants to take a family photo."
"First blowjob (sfw)"
"When my nails look great  but all the pictures I take make my hands look like prehistoric claws."
"Eating like a bachelor"
"Finding something good on r/new"
"How I feel when I see Robert Redford with a beard"
"When my comment gets one upvote hours after posting it"
"When I upvote a post in r/new and later see it on the front page."
"When I See An Original Post [FIXED]"
"Wanted a quickie before work  the wife asks &quot;can you finish in 5 minutes&quot; (SFW)"
"The subtext of this image still gets me"
"Smoking boy  with chicken."
"Zero fucks are being given"
"I wish this was my childhood"
"To protect and serve"
"I don't even..."
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
"Mom was worried about my trip to Mordor  I sent her this picture."
"Time to face reality..."
"My thoughts exactly."
"Just lol'd on Breaking Bad's Facebook page"
"Mother of God"
"My dog failing at catching a frisbee  and succeeding at running into a tree"
"pussy cock"
"Zombie Gameboy [X-Post from r/zombies]"
"Ostrich pillow allows you to take power naps almost anywhere!!"
"Black Monopoly."
"Hobbes and BACON (more strips in comments)"
"The Male Inner Monologue"
"When I'm included in an inside joke."
"Distraught fan"
"Everytime Call Me Maybe comes on"
"A Monkey and a Dove"
"A group of Redditers!"
"when someone gives me an aol email address"
"When my parents claimed I had a curfew after I turned 18."
"How to properly troll your neighbours"
"Some Youtube funny.."
"Kitty Kung Fu Ping Pong"
"WopWopWop CATPONG STYLE"
"Don Lemon is doing an AMA tomorrow. This is how i feel right now."
"I feel like this is relevant here."
"Walk into the bathroom at Chili's and I see this"
"Always makes me smile"
"Finding out my 11 year old sister has a Reddit account"
"So  I tried going to 4Chan..."
"moon butts and kittys!"
"Skateboard Fail... but wait!"
"Baking Cookies!"
"Boba Fett feels the same way as I do when I get downvoted"
"When I'm single and people complain to me about their relationships"
"My Reaction to your reaction on 601"
"DiGiorNOOOOOoooooo!!!"
"Well. that's enough internet today."
"My... My..."
"Precious"
"And So It Begins....."
"Frozen yogurt? Nope. Chicken McNuggets"
"This is what McDonalds Chicken McNuggets look like before they are cooked"
"Cage divers confront a great white shark."
"Someone's not having a good day..."
"Geeheee Kitties."
"How I felt around my redditor friends when I made the front page on my first post."
"High-five? Fuck you."
"SRS is gonna get ya!"
"This was a serious post [FB]"
"Ok  this shit is getting a little out of control. Saw this on my newsfeed. [FB]"
"And people wonder why I rarely go on Facebook"
"So this showed up on my news feed.."
"Its Only Purpose Is To Hold Itself Up"
"Levitating Rock"
"Couldn't resist posting this!"
"MEOW MIX"
"Peek-a-boo!"
"Kitty Poses For a Picture"
"If you do this to a memorial of a person who had suffered from mental health  then f*ck you Justin Beiber fans!"
"Definitely my favorite face-swap"
"Bob Ross being painted by a tree"
"Earth from space"
"9/11 Firefighter"
"Run for your 8th life"
"first world cat problems"
"This police report seems accurate."
"Everytime I read stories like this it bring a smile to my face. OOOOHHHH RAAAAHHH DEVIL DOGS!!!"
"Reddit in one gif!"
"Reddit's Staff"
"I hope this horrible creature never roams the earth"
"First nude text from the girlfriend."
"What if the largest countries had the biggest populations? [3500x1970]"
"Revolving door ... of death"
"This still gets me every time"
"Hillary to Christina: That's a nice set of...um...awards you have there."
"Hilary Clinton checking out Christina Aguilera's boobs"
"No caption needed"
"Finally a Secretary of State I can relate to."
"Garbage Dancer"
"I'm getting this!"
"Something that finally realistically represents my and my girlfriends bed space."
"He's still alive!"
"Colonel Sanders 1890-Present"
"Only take one oreo"
"Oreos"
"The herbivores are always left out"
"a little pink nose"
"Nope Nope Nope.........."
"Sometimes you start young..."
"I don't think he knows what to do..."
"High school yearbook pictures of rock icons"
"Hate These Guys..."
"Vancouver bus advertisement (x-post from /r/Canada)"
"Fucking wasp"
"Motherfuckin wasp"
"THIS is a wasp"
"I was stung yesterday  so here's a reminder"
"Ferris Bueller inspired street art in Raleigh  NC"
"&quot;/r/pissybattlestations&quot; (xpost from /r/WTF)"
"Snowball crushes kid [gif]"
"The idiot friend"
"My generation is awesome"
"I love it!"
"Ever have this happen to you?"
"How I feel reading the complaints about the heat posts  as a Scot."
"How I feel reading American heatwave posts in a flooded England"
"What it feels like to have no money during the steam summer sale"
"When the Steam community votes to put a game on sale that I already bought"
"How I feel seeing all the pics of people who met Doctor Who cast at comic con"
"I'm a republican in a republican family. I just realized that I am probably going to vote for Obama cause I just don't think Romney gets it."
"How I feel while browsing Reddit now after subscribing to just a few porn sub-reddits."
"I'll have what he's having"
"Umm .....when_you_see it........maybe? Wtf?"
"This was just in my Twitter feed.."
"Can your grandpa do this?"
"Scissors Beat Paper"
"Optical Illusion"
"A Collection"
"Tongue Facts"
"Never a bride"
"meanwhile in africa"
"Trick-or-treating in Afrika"
"Name it. I can't."
"eat of our flesh  drink of our blood"
"How to handle a flood"
"Nothing to see here!"
"How I feel when my Spanish-speaking friend is on the phone with his mom who doesn't speak English."
"My reaction after I tell my Dad about my plans to visit museums in Amsterdam and he tells me &quot;Smoke dope. I don't care.&quot;"
"Why  oh why???"
"Jaws 7!!!"
"So we found out our new secretary had a phobia of sharks. [FIXED]"
"I think I'll skip the subway today..."
"Ride of the crabs"
"Whenever I have a toothache."
"After going through 4 pages on /r/funny/new/..."
"How I feel moving back in with parents."
"Damn rick..."
"Watcha gonna do faggot"
"Carpet Dog hiding from the mythical Curtain Cat."
"I am ULTRA LORD!"
"Stop the Report!"
"When I submit OC to r/funny..."
"Me whenever I try to post a meme"
"So This Is What Happens In The Girls Bathroom"
"Boobs. (nsfw)"
"When my friends only text me to ask for stuff"
"How I picture Gabe Newell when he reads through every email."
"Sometimes I just can't handle cuteness of this magnitude..."
"When there's no toilet paper and you already pooped."
"So I was buying my friend a DVD when I noticed this..."
"Found this on the sidewalk near a kingpins house  should I keep it?"
"One of Gabe Newell's New Beds After That Summer Sale"
"This is What $207 Million in Cash Looks Like. Seized by the DEA in Mexico. This drug money was earned from the sale of Methamphetamines."
"Wow..."
"I want to applaud you... Unfortunately my arms are too small"
"Samsung Ad.........."
"Take That Apple!"
"Yes.. YOUR mother."
"The Most Played Video Game in the World"
"Look at them"
"Now that football season has started and I get the play by play via facebook status updates."
"Saw this .gif on the front page while watching tv"
"When a teammate goes down trying to revive me"
"Have strep throat really bad. As a grown man  I still feel this way."
"So I've been unemployed for 2 days now..."
"How I feel after the blackout"
"When I (and I imagine a lot of others) emerge from playing Diablo 3:"
"Planking with style..."
"this is how I feel after my boss calls me &amp; tells me I need to come into a meeting early tomorrow"
"Sometimes Spongebob worries me..."
"Did this really just happen?"
"This is how Sandy was started"
"OOOOOOOOOH!"
"Couldn't spell bananas so he improvised"
"Oh  i was looking for the round red things"
"The best engine..."
"The fuck did I just.."
"My friend's gf admitted to him that she's pregnant by another dude. Sent him these one by one."
"Zombie massacre"
"Punt return for TD [rage gif]"
"Rage faces football"
"FOOTBAW"
"This kid will be scarred for life"
"Not everyone loves Halloween"
"Random laughter is always good"
"Let me hear your war cry! [Creepy.]"
"Thank you for flying are kitty  and please don't pet the attendants on your way out!"
"Personal mine detector"
"lik dis if u cri evrytim"
"How I felt after logging into reddit for the first time today and seeing the post about someone being circumcised"
"When I heard my friends pronounce memes &quot;me-mes&quot;"
"How I feel at meetings with HR  Managers  and Supervisors all at the same time.."
"Whenever one of my fundie family members says that  &quot;Science proves the Bible.&quot;"
"Whenever I walk into work."
"How I feel by the time Friday rolls around"
"haha"
"[TED SPOILER] When I saw the airplane spoof scene while watching TED"
"The Batmobile"
"Googled &quot;Murica Bitch&quot; was not disappointed"
"Science vs Religion"
"Nailed it"
"This might just be the saddest doodle I've ever seen"
"Kids….."
"This is how I imagine being a mother would feel like"
"One way to rid your house of spiders."
"After 6 months of Reddit  this is how I imagine /r/Cats"
"Well  herro derr!"
"Crystal Meth"
"Getting ready for an 8a.m. class. (x-post from r/funny)"
"How I look getting ready for my 8 am class"
"My favourite gif."
"How I see the Karma Train."
"When you're out at the club and you see a fly girl..."
"I won't be surprised if this has already been made"
"When I get 100 on a test I didn't study for"
"&quot;I'm adorable? By all means  do go on.&quot;"
"Cat got your tongue? Time for revenge.."
"How I feel browsing /r/funny/new/"
"The top half is probably more likely to be true."
"Stereotypes"
"America/Europe"
"Albert Interviewed for LIFE"
"Manly way to carry a baby"
"Intense Storm Is Intense"
"If WWII was a online game."
"War .gif needs war music."
"I just missed my cake day. Will you guys accept my favorite gif anyway?"
"Still the greatest gif of all time."
"Assholes!"
"Slothstranaut."
"It was a long story..."
"Buddy just asked me to go on an adventure"
"Odessa Theater - The Alps  Switzerland"
"Big cat... little tree."
"Even more satanic leaf-tailed gecko"
"Piglet in rainboots"
"Spiderman Fail"
"Spider-man  Spider-man  does whatever a spi-ARGH!"
"This is why Spiderman didn't make it into the Avengers"
"You picked a bad parking spot buddy."
"At least I think its safe for work..."
"Darth Wader"
"How I feel when a comment I make gets downvoted"
"The average attempt at making the front page"
"Morality"
"This is what I think of every time I watch it."
"Mr. Bean is displeased by your insolence"
"Is it me or is r/wtf just a bunch of reposts of old reposts? I'm especially looking at you back-to-its-roots posters."
"Seeing a vagina right after you finished..."
"My face while watching this awful opening ceremony"
"Reddit's Reaction to Everything I Find Funny."
"I think he's looking at you."
"I don't even know how to title this one. Found on a random imgur generator"
"my new favorite .gif"
"TACOOOOO"
"Something you might have missed when watching Harry Potter..."
"Fences can't stop me"
"It was only apple juice officer  I swear."
"I immediately regret this decision!"
"Oh Japan  you never disappoint..."
"Where do I get my free Karma?"
"This song IS catchy..."
"When I'm told that I have to get up early on a Saturday...."
"Bunny"
"The concept of a woman's love."
"So my friend sends me this before he stopped by."
"This is how I plan on seducing girls"
"Cats slipping on the slide"
"Can't.... Must.... NOM!!"
"I don't even. What."
"This architect knew exactly what he was doing"
"Not so smart"
"Bridge that casts penis shaped shadows."
"That's a long bridge."
"When I saw that Reddit's language had changed for National Talk-Like-A-Pirate Day"
"Okay  first impressions when playing Black Mesa Source: this was me during the tram intro..."
"Finally a party I can get behind"
"Charizard! I choose you!"
"How I felt when I stubbed my toe which has an ingrown toenail"
"my face while clicking WTF posts in the past few days"
"Tonight  not knowing I even drink  my mom purchased me a beer."
"How I feel when someone I don't really know shares an opinion with me"
"Sticking it to the Man."
"Hipster Church"
"Whenever some tries to refute my argument with a block of text."
"Darth Vader is the fuckin' man!"
"?"
"Oh yea."
"Some guy just missed the bus and didn't want to wait for the next one...or was a ninja."
"This guy is a dipshit."
"mother of god"
"Cat Man"
"Batcat"
"So i was having a shitty day.. then this popped up on my newsfeed.. day made!"
"Feudal style Star Fox"
"Look what Knettel37's gf has drawn now."
"My wife painted this for our anniversary."
"&quot;Hey! Cut that out...&quot;"
"Master Debaters Mass Debating... [xpost from /classic4chan]"
"Jump Around"
"OMG  I get to get a cake day too?!"
"Now walk it otter"
"Lightning lighting up huge cloud (X-post from /r/pics) [495x620]"
"Storm's coming"
"Apparently  atheists resemble goats (a leaflet found on a car window)"
"What should you do if you find an atheist?"
"Cleaning the Corgi (X-Post from Corgi)"
"Fireworks"
"&quot;Okay  Class  come up and tell us something about yourself!&quot;"
"What did you just say to me?"
"A Picture of Wolverine and PSYclops"
"Hugh Jackman and PSY dancing Gangnam Style (x-post from /r/pics)"
"College really isn't necessary"
"When I got my first smart phone few days ago  after using regular text/call cell phones for about 10yrs."
"to infinity and beyond"
"Stuart was always dating outside his race"
"I never understood this."
"These would be so hard to consume... yet on the other hand...too delicious not to."
"Facebook status rage"
"Puppy nose bite"
"Why I love the show Scrubs"
"This is why I love this show."
"Border of Netherlands and Belgium"
"If you were to come across this poster in 1919  wouldn't you just keep drinking?"
"Pacman must be a shareholder of LG"
"Deeper and deeper"
"AAHhhhAAHhhAAHhhAAHhhAAHhhh"
"Probably a repost  but it made me laugh."
"the second I clicked start game on SLENDER."
"Making a political post on Facebook after a few drinks."
"How i feel letting my sister play my xbox."
"This is my cuddles. There are many like it  but this one is mine."
"Van Damme Metal"
"Every punk rock concert i ever went to."
"Had to be done."
"Reddit had it coming"
"Rock Beats Paper Bitch!!"
"Good thing I'm a helicopter"
"The Tower of Silence"
"Just came across this weird story..."
"Cage The Halls!"
"Real Biden and Onion Biden Converge"
"An old man assesses the damage after mad men destroy his shop (london riots). (more pictures in comments)"
"tries to make friends with seal  gets head bitten off."
"I just can't stop laughing at this"
"Thought you were rid of this  eh? Reposts all up in this bitch!"
"How the invention of the Internet was reported in 1992."
"I didn't even know what to say."
"The first pair of boobs I ever saw"
"Dogman thing and needles what is this I don't even-"
"A Quick Grammar Lesson"
"Did he hit the fan???"
"Fairy Tale"
"Is it just me or Mars looks like &quot;me gusta&quot;?"
"All this Mars talk..."
"All this Mars talk..."
"Scar in the Red Planet"
"It's been a while...it's just nice to see ron cut loose [repost]"
"Net Worth"
"Step Well in India"
"Times are changing"
"Repost"
"Nicholas Cage as a baby."
"Napping Semis"
"Why?"
"Hey y'all  does anyone know what the source is for this? Thanks in advance."
"Olli Jokinen loves waffles"
"It's magic  I ain't gotta explain s***."
"wait! I'm not a bowling ball  I'm an otter-ball!"
"you otter love me..."
"I thought /r/atheism would appreciate this"
"Winner!"
"If classic video games were made in 2013  this is how challenging they would be."
"I regret to inform you..."
"English  do you speak it? friend of treyshon?"
"Overly Attached Water"
"I want to be inside you."
"Water wants to be in you"
"Just Mr. T dreaming of biscuits"
"Those pics. This says it all for me."
"Who will you vote for ?"
"Service"
"he didn't see that coming"
"Manliest man in the world..."
"Please tell me this is true..."
"This man might be the most badass man that has ever lived."
"I give you bacon and cats"
"recently reddit."
"You'd think they would have learnt their lesson..."
"Me whenever I read about a huge weed bust near my hometown."
"Neil deGrasse being awesome"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson giving you the finger. That is all."
"You just got scienced."
"Hotboxing"
"[FB] I...what...oh my god some people..."
"How I feel everyday of the week back after Spring Break"
"Every Sunday night..."
"Reddit down  day off work  stuck at home....."
"Elmo Arrested in Times Square"
"A tiger in california adopts baby piglets- full story in the comments"
"Just a &quot;tiger&quot; dog"
"Wheee!!"
"Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope."
"So then I said to the guy I didn't vote for Obama!"
"U MAD MATH?!"
"64=65?"
"Reverse trick or treat FTW!"
"The Dalai Lama was at my school last night"
"your childhood  let me ruin it..."
"Destroying N64 controllers (Fixed)"
"Suspicious flashlight"
"A bright future ahead for this one--this honestly hurts my heart with how perfect he is"
"Right in the feels."
"Honey  how's the baby?"
"Aftermath."
"I know kung fu."
"&quot;Where are you man?? I'm just gonna... UHH... ?!&quot;"
"The Revenge of the Rabbits [NSFW]"
"Why Elmer Fudd hates rabbits so much."
"how i feel when the internet is gonna be down till tomorrow"
"So Ronery"
"How I feel about approaching every college paper I have ever been assigned within the first hour of starting them."
"What I feel like when I wake up for school"
"After loosing a shitload of Karma this week by trying to get on the front page of Reddit...."
"My thoughts after 3 tests in one day"
"Just found out i missed my first cake day"
"How I ended the last week of high school"
"How I feel every week this year trying to pick games in company NFL pool"
"Just a few of my favorite 'fuck you' gifs from around the web."
"Whenever I see a post with &quot;(First Post)&quot; in the title"
"This morning on the Today Show  Kathie Lee dropped a puppy on its head (Cross-Post from /r/aww)"
"Imagine if someone replaced the beans in your beanbag with this"
"The awesomest gif I've ever seen."
"The awesomest gif I've ever seen"
"My reaction to the ongoing Limbaugh fallout"
"How I felt when I realized I can see my computer screen from my toilet."
"So I was watching some old Disney films today when suddenly...Nazis."
"Drunks on a Plane"
"First taste of baby food."
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"When I'm introduced to someone"
"Whenever I catch eyes with someone else blazing in the same park as me..."
"How Reddit has been treating me lately."
"Get a grip!"
"And this is how baby giraffes sleep. [76]"
"so thats what the inside of one looks like"
"As an INTP  I am guilty of this sort of thought process."
"A deer Ass for a door bell"
"Mi Moosta"
"OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCK!"
"OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCK!"
"An Awesome picture of Snoop Dogg and Willie Nelson"
"Just a cat woman walking tip toe on bottles. Nothing to see here."
"My feelings on the game last night"
"Okay... Don't move!"
"Lt. Dan on Hurricane Sandy"
"When an enemy corners you and you have low health"
"GET IT GIRL"
"Puss in boots"
"As I go through medical school now  I realize how often you come across this diagnosis."
"Partying with Grandma"
"How it feels trying to submit a successful link on reddit"
"Scariest bathroom ever"
"That better be some strong glass..."
"A redditor's worst nightmare (HIDE YOUR CATS)"
"How my friend looked at me when I asked how many quarters there were in hockey"
"A Panda being a dick [Part 2]"
"How I felt browsing r/atheism for the first time."
"Whenever I see a [FIXED] post without seeing the original."
"Maybe I've been living under a rock"
"Observance"
"Every time I look through my Facebook friends."
"Got me like.."
"Whenever i see anyone get out of the FriendZone"
"How I feel about the Summer 2012 Olympics"
"Best olympic photo ever"
"Baby's first hyperspace jump."
"What acid is like..."
"How I felt the first time I downvoted somebody. [FIXED]"
"Astronauts or skull?"
"He's so cute I'd wanna eat him too"
"...out of fucking nowhere!"
"Hey thats my bike!"
"Disrespect That Turtle!"
"How I react whenever I beat my brother at video games"
"When I try to act tough."
"Come at me bro"
"MOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE BITCH"
"Crazy freaking cow."
"Crossing the street and someone honks at you to hurry up"
"Being single with a cat."
"new advancements in IED disposal"
"Studying hard... [NSFW]"
"There are three kinds of people who watch movies... (FIXED)"
"Does it feel humid to you?"
"It's a repost. This is how I felt in Nashville today as Isaac creeps his ass up here."
"Humidity sucks!"
"Is it humid today?"
"As someone who lives in Texas  this is my favourite."
"My favorite Lucasfilm - Disney picture so far."
"I thought you guys would enjoy a nice piano solo from Blastoise"
"Hydropump Through the Fire and the Flames"
"Laminar Boundary Layer Flow"
"I like to cut myself..."
"Ah  the North Korean rocket launch..."
"Rocket to Uranus"
"Kitty watches over the North"
"The forgotten passenger."
":D"
"Its my time to shine."
"How I feel as a german about all the 6'9'' posts"
"My reaction to /r/poop"
"Found this on a random imgur search  forgot how much this made me laugh"
"I give you a squirrel in a party hat"
"Finally saw 'Snow white and the seven huntsmen' today. Got halfway through it"
"How I feel browsing reddit without having seen TDKR"
"After about 5 minutes on r/WTF...seemed worse than usual tonight"
"Fuck you Snow White ... yeah you"
"It's my cake day. Heard you guys like cute kittens"
"Surprise"
"Surprise!"
"How I feel when people say I'm too old to watch cartoons."
"At the end of the workday on Friday..."
"Just relax...."
"Probably my favorite &quot;aww&quot; on the Internet"
"My cheeks were right at the monitor (GIF)"
"Scared of clowns?"
"I like Busses..."
"How I feel when I click on a link from /r/spacedicks"
"How I feel when I browse 4chan."
"Get well soon.."
"Why this happens ?"
"This college student's parents were killed by Hurricane Sandy -- now she has to take care of her younger brothers and sisters by herself."
"Loopholes..."
"Lebowski"
"How I felt on the inside today. Found out my dad's an atheist on Easter."
"Finally after one year! Lets party."
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"
"Why was Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull so bad?"
"How I feel sitting outside instead of inside today. [FIXED]"
"MGS4 Logic"
"When I eat ice cream with a spoon and my hands still get sticky."
"At Christmas Eve service with family: &quot;As they stood in the pasture a great light shone from the heavens and the shepherds quaked in fear as they appeared...&quot; The 6yo behind me:"
"These parents just earned 1000 cool points."
"If Charlie Sheen were a bear..."
"Perfect glacial reflection"
"Yet another outsourced job."
"For why"
"This is a problem..."
"The poor 15%"
"108691 people don't know what Reddit is."
"Redditors knows what they would want."
"On Oct. 19 2012 CBS in Arizona put a banner on The Peoples Court and calls the 2012 Election in favor of Obama"
"Kitty likes what he sees"
"The things you find your cat doing."
"I have to do this next time I tip"
"The best way to leave a tip."
"Well played Mickey D's."
"I always knew Mr. Rogers was a straight-up G"
"I don't know where I'd get to use this  but it's great"
"Sitting  how does it work? [gif]"
"The best captcha comic I've ever seen."
"A fire whirl. Absolutely nuts"
"Fire tornado! My day has been made!"
"Honey  could you take a look at this for me?"
"Honey  can you take a look at this?"
"What happens when you give a dog acid"
"Look like a bitch?"
"No  he has a hat on though"
"Well that eliminates pretty much everyone..."
"Well that eliminates most of them..."
"Does he look like a bitch?"
"How I feel on my Cakeday."
"Ze irrelevant elephant."
"My brother barged into my room and bragged about how he made the front page with a repost. This was my response."
"When I realize I've made a spelling mistake in the title of my post"
"What the shit?"
"Makes me laugh every time I see it"
"I've found a wormhole."
"I've always wondered about Pac-Man..."
"Yeah  pawns too!"
"A notable repost  but delightfully appropriate for the recent festivities on r/atheism"
"How I feel when I have to crap after taking a shower"
"Hell no"
"How I feel as an &quot;older&quot; redditor trying to decipher obscure comment references..."
"The &quot;a&quot;-Team"
"The a-Team is Back!!"
"photobomb"
"You will never party as hard as this guy"
"How I feel after Civil Procedure"
"Best thing since bacon"
"seems legit"
"Wipeout!"
"cop gun"
"There's something awesome about this picture"
"oh sophia!"
"I'm Stuck!"
"Puppy status: stuck. Heart status: exploded from cuteness. Twice."
"Sorry  the sink is currently occupied by adorable."
"Just spent five minutes on 9gag  serious wtf is that shit hole of a website?"
"I come bearing gifts  I present THE GOD OF THE INTERNET"
"How to Conquer a Dragon in Skyrim"
"He did it!"
"No more Jersey Shore?! Hurricane Sandy destroys Seaside boardwalk"
"WHOA"
"He is the only man who can take this picture and still maintain the title of badass."
"You can't do that now."
"Remembering the Good Old Days"
"That's enough internet for today"
"Cousin Carl"
"Good Grief...."
"Cat."
"sometimes you just gotta watch the baby sloth"
"Oklahoma &amp; Kansas today/tonight..."
"yeah 'merica!"
"This guy is ready for hurricane Sandy"
"Being stuck in the firehouse for a 24 shift..."
"I Am Kitten  and This Shadow Shall Be Mine!"
"Oh Deer God (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Soon. Very soon indeed."
"You're going to see a lot of in the next few day  so let's get the obvious ones out of the way"
"Fifa diving X-Post /r/gaming"
"Seeing the Octomom porno."
"The true meaning of &quot;Fuck the police&quot;."
"Found this GIF today  was quite pleased to know it existed. (first post ever)"
"When I found out the girl I like smokes weed"
"Random gifs you see all the time on reddit - Part 1"
"The rubix cube master"
"Right after I submit a post with a typo"
"When I look like an idiot in front my crush and her friends"
"Patrick Partyman"
"Gonewild in a nutshell"
"Seeing that person on Facebook who &quot;likes&quot; their own comments"
"The exact moment a tank shell hits a Syrian Rebel post in Aleppo.."
"This has to got to be the coolest water slide  and right into the ocean"
"How to study longer"
"How I feel about having less daylight during the winter..."
"I just wanna shake my turban"
"1992 Was awesome."
"This makes me anxious"
"On the edge of glory"
"Fearless."
"God is Fabulous"
"Satan"
"I'm sure that this has been touched upon  but I still hate it."
"Hm.."
"Why does he even try?"
"There's an internal struggle here that I don't think any one of us can fully understand."
"How I feel walking with pins and needles"
"Don't you hate when this happens to you!?"
"Lego-induced nostalgia."
"How we Stereotype the World (by insulting Everybody!)"
"don't say you've never done it..."
"So easy  even a cave girl can do it"
"She is Just Asking for Splinters (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"The downside to having a glass coffee table"
"After I found out a Texas woman started eating her 3 week old baby"
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"Fuck This Guy"
"He's just saying what everyone else is thinking"
"Just discovered my University's meme page..."
"How I feel when I come across a surgery/injury photo on r/WTF"
"A Map of Every Extra-terrestrial Space Mission"
"Beating Tetris like a boss"
"Oh  Jaykwon"
"Eat your vegetables they said..."
"Entrapped souls of /r/aww"
"It had to be done..."
"just found out jersey shore is cancelled...how i feel after the long years and hearing about this show everyday at work and school"
"Cereal.gif"
"I need me Lucky Charms!"
"I miss this meme"
"Oh prince Charles..."
"Kuato Total Recall Costume"
"Kuato's Baby Picture"
"This was posted by a family friend"
"Shoebill Storks Look Evil as Fuck"
"Moscow! Moscow!"
"Google image searched &quot;my mom made&quot;... this was the top result"
"Don't fuck with the food servers..Xpost from /r/pics"
"Made it on the front page for the first time today and this is how I feel"
"I need this in my life"
"Suspicious as hell"
"What kind of job can I get with my psychology degree?"
"My favorite Discovery channel show"
"The cone just got funnier"
"Me on my first visit to /r/spacedicks"
"My reaction last night when my program director told me I had aced my graduate capstone project....."
"Finding out that the hair in my shower was actually my roommates pubes"
"Orbit"
"ayyy sexy latte!"
"Scars"
"Home Depot knows what's up..."
"stocking up for the weekend."
"Since when did they make an aisle for rapist..."
"They see me rollin' They hatin'"
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'"
"When I get out of bed and realize its cold as a mf"
"ladies and gentlmen....BURRITO DOG!"
"Asians gone wild! (from my feed today)"
"When a lie  opinion  or speculation is touted as fact regardless of what I believe..."
"How I feel quitting smoking"
"What two years of being a Redditor will do to you..."
"I.. I don't even.. [NSFW]"
"I think it's a dog house..."
"10232321xError"
"Been out of college for a few years. Going back this semester to start my master's. This is how I feel."
"because Olympics [Fixed]"
"No Fucks Given Whatsoever"
"How the fuck does this even happen..."
"Sensual Taco Gorilla"
"How it feels to eat and Reddit at the same time"
"My photoshopping skill is...bad."
"I think my 11 year old sister just got her first period! (NSFW/GORE)"
"Homeless man with 2 dildos giving head to several men wearing unicorn masks. All while he is hung by his feet barfing and pissing on his own face. NSFW"
"Grandma gets chocked rape while whole family watches."
"After learning that r/PicsOfDeadKids is an actual subreddit..."
"The Decline of Civilization"
"When somebody tries to talk to me in the morning"
"No one can beat me"
"Paula being Paula  this doesn't seem too far fetched"
"Facebook gold...we can dream"
"For my cake day  i went through all of my saved posts to find my favorite to repost. Here it is!"
"Missing Stapler"
"They take my stapler then I'll set the building on fire..."
"This image is part of an advertisement for a local art exhibit and it is plastered all over town"
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks"
"The logic of my recently born little sister"
"Omegle Role Play. - Imgur"
"And they say that modern television is crap."
"Goddamnit Katie..."
"OMG  Snooki is pregnant!"
"Whenever I try to run in a dream."
"Real Life QWOP"
"Of course he can dance  he's the doctor"
"Take on the Dr."
"Folding a shirt."
"Here is all of the info again Reddit (Now free of things that could get me in trouble and with twice as much stuff as an apology)"
"bus with sense of humor"
"Proof that God exists!"
"/b/ proves the existence of God."
"How I feel browsing the recent Fetish thread"
"Oh god."
"If your friends don't hate you yet try this."
"Thats not where the heart is....."
"Aquarium Over Head ?!"
"Well  at least you were born..."
"A tuckered out koala"
"She earned it."
"Marlon Brando writing  draped in a cat."
"ROFL"
"Jason Segel on The Muppets"
"I heard Lindsey let herself go  but this is just ridiculous"
"Someone has been playin way toomuch Red Faction!"
"Justin Biebers girlfriend"
"Ants. Nature's supermen."
"Grass Clothespin"
"In Da Club"
"In da club."
"Unmarked Cop Car vs CTA Train in Chicago. Spoiler Alert- the Train Won"
"Unmarked Cop Car vs CTA Train in Chicago"
"My all-time favorite...I would really like to know what they saw."
"Real Life vs Internet vs 4Chan"
"I am concerned for this woman's well being  and the flies lives."
"How if feels buying a game during a Steam sale."
"What I do after I post"
"I did Nazi that coming."
"Wood pile art (x-post from r/pics)"
"Knuckle cracking world record attempt"
"Harsh humour in Scotland"
"Harsh Humour in Scotland"
"Horrified graduates flee as planes attack crowds with hats"
"Looks suspicious"
"This is the end result of everyone liking the Kony 2012 link on facebook."
"Excited fan is excited"
"Best fan ever"
"Forever Alone"
"Waiting for the dealer to call back."
"The Cow Wash"
"Happiness."
"Congrats  you have achieved the level of bad ass."
"Nice Catch!"
"This face swap creeps me out..."
"Cat vs. Bat"
"Should passed on that chain letter..."
"PARTY HARD!!!"
"Here's some micro pig cuteness"
"My dream home  located in Hejelle  Norway."
"If you downvoted me for calling someone awesome  I have a present for you."
"School starts tomorrow omg!!"
"My Friends new baby &quot;Griffin&quot;"
"Hopefully this brightens somebody's day"
"Came home from surgery and tried to go to the bathroom"
"How I feel when I think I have a good post and it gets downvoted..."
"How I feel when I think I have a good post and it gets downvoted..."
"NUH UH"
"This may be the best and more terrifying dog costume I have ever seen"
"Arachanine"
"I was having a bad day...until I found this"
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE"
"How to find a lesbian."
"Just getting an abortion"
"Big Tex is no more. It's a sad day in Texas."
"Never Forget!"
"Today Dallas lost an icon. RIP Big Tex (NBC DFW)"
"I think Im pregnant?"
"My buddy is a pilot for US air and he just sent me this picture from La Guardia Airport..."
"Laguardia - Jet Blue"
"Laguardia airport today"
"Sandy hits Logan (airport)"
"Fell asleep in his food bowl"
"To infinity and beyond...."
"hello reddit  can I pass through?."
"Play with me?"
"When the dentist asks me a question while his instruments are in my mouth"
"Cat on a tree"
"No  I don't want to go to work."
"Billy's Milkshake"
"Bobby's Milkshake"
"My reaction [6+] when someone suggests going to get munchies..."
"This guy is a total bad ass!"
"If at first you don't succeed..."
"My reaction after learning reddit is also good for porn."
"Waking up to see your post has 1000 upvotes and is on the front page."
"Got evicted the other day  decided to have some fun with the landlord. Wonder what she'll think of this..."
"The 'I' in ream"
"Oh its a party now"
"It just feels so right..."
"Bow-bow-bow-bow"
"i will never  ever stop loving this .gif"
"Baby got back!"
"The Original Photobomb"
"Hello my baby!"
"America... FUCK YEA!!!!"
"This Picture Tugs At My Emotions"
"My first attempt at colorizing a black and white photo. Be gentle."
"This is what music is all about. [x-post from r/jazz]"
"The Power of Music"
"Pet Rock"
"I miss my pet rock"
"After watching porn for the first time."
"I swear this happened to me once.."
"Damn Ketchup Bottles.."
"Now that no fap September is over."
"Nigel Dog"
"You have the enemy flag!"
"So  these guys are getting together for something airing November 18th...."
"Alton Brown just posted this on facebook. My body is ready..."
"Alton Brown just posted this to his facebook page  with the caption &quot;November 18th. That's all I'm saying.&quot;"
"From Alton Brown's Facebook page"
"Photo on FB says &quot;November 18th. That's all I'm saying.&quot; I can't wait!!!!"
"Alton Brown and The Mythbusters? Nerd overload."
"Alton Brown with the Mythbusters"
"So much awesomeness... brain... trouble... thought making..."
"Snow cone kitty."
"Someone likes snowcones"
"It was cute  for about 2.5 seconds."
"Wat"
"I fell into a sarchasm"
"It's a Duck"
"One of the best face swaps I have seen. I can't even tell what the original photo is supposed to look like..."
"Saw this  couldn't stop laughing"
"As an Aussie  I just don't get it"
"What do you think? Gun contron needed or not?"
"This is a somewhat old poster but the message is still true."
"When I find an asshole former teacher on the sex offender registry"
"When I noticed today was my cake day"
"Did anyone actually buy this game?"
"I might just have to make a baby so I have a reason to buy this."
"Hardest thing to draw in the world... [FIXED]"
"Morrissey  WTF are you doing?!"
"Forever... Racist?"
"Oh you ran a marathon?"
"Ludacris  Move bitch!"
"I think we broke it..."
"The worst part of my day"
"Captain Speaking..."
"I remember my first time using Photoshop. I didn't use the result as album art."
"Books"
"My reaction to any e-reader device."
"Did homosexuality kill off the dinosaurs?"
"Throwing cars"
"Hey You  Come Here For A Second"
"Get in here."
"Dafuq is this"
"When things get a little bumpy....bail"
"Sea Cruise Gone Bad"
"So this happened..."
"Here's what the internet had in store for me today. I apologize ahead of time (NSFW)"
"Dance  creature. Dance."
"Teasing an Octopus"
"What's the worst gift you've ever recieved?"
"The worst gift ever recieved..."
"so maybe my life isn't that bad."
"Ah  the inner thoughts of a future scientist."
"Mario is a bully and a killer vote for Bowser"
"Meanwhile  in Malta..."
"Not just a karma machine  but an amazing athlete as well"
"KITTY"
"A true gentleman."
"Instant Affair."
"Browsing /r/new"
"Ramen Gangnam Style"
"The Plunge"
"Ever thought of that  Atheists?"
"like a bus"
"I'm a Bus"
"Im a Bus!!"
"I'm a bus bitch"
"The best kind of breakfast"
"Not sure if I should hug it or kill it with fire"
"Gabe Newell officially supports &quot;green gaming&quot;"
"So this popped up on my Facebook feed [FB]"
"How I feel when my mom explains me her computer problem."
"I'll race you!! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Best idea ever"
"Flareon (x-post from r/pokemonwtf)"
"It should be mandatory to change lanes like this"
"Changing lanes like a boss"
"Submitting a post to reddit?"
"Yea  cause that will help LOADS..."
"Oh  Obama"
"I WANT out"
"Gotta have me some sprinkles"
"Wrong number"
"Thought I should share this  happened to a friend of mine..."
"Saw this on theChive the other day."
"A little late but still incredibly beautiful (Neil Armstrong)"
"How I feel watching the trailer to any new horror film"
"I guess we know who won the war... (more Mario propaganda?)"
"Me when I tell my console gaming friends the sales I am getting with steam."
"Shake Your Body Line"
"Seems like they just shoved Ryan Reynolds on this photo"
"What's wrong with Jake Gyllenhaal's hands?"
"It's true  they will"
"Whenever I earnestly post a question and all I get is sarcastic/sexual comments."
"Facebook is getting a little intense now-a-days."
"The Fuck?"
"Space?"
"I wonder how comfy it is"
"Regrets."
"be careful what you wish for..."
"Mind Blown"
"Professor Oak looks way too happy doing this... (X-post from r/pokemon)"
"pimpin prof oak"
"I'll have nightmares of him now."
"Oh those doctors...."
"Ah Modern Medicine"
"Now I just need to find the right time to post this on Facebook..."
"Calling bullshit"
"Redditor bio-engineers a new breed of cat to have one pupil mimic a star"
"Itachi's first choice for Shisui's eye (xpost from pics)"
"My friends new fb profile pic"
"You can lead a donkey to water"
"A Message From Diddy"
"All i can think about when i read all the celebrities on my twitterfeed only talking about voting today."
"A 234-pound  mustachioed baby walrus"
"Baby with a mustache!"
"Come sail away with me."
"A Christian singer just posted this. He gets it."
"I have officially lost all faith in humanity."
"Awful/hilarious Helen Keller twitter account..."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on hurricane sandy"
"Me on a typical Friday night"
"Well that can't be good.."
"How a mountaineer's day starts"
"Just you and the open sky [PIC]"
"that's just not sanitary"
"Washing Machine Ownage"
"Oh crap a brick"
"HIFW the G.F starts undressing"
"TIL Even though the Martian sky is red  the sunsets are blue  in direct contrast with Earth."
"Dear John Cusack  thank you for teaching me that if Ione Skye ever tells me that she just wants to be friends  the appropriate response is to say sure but then to make sure to add &quot;With potential.&quot;"
"When a risky click turns out okay."
"Still one of my favorite C&amp;Hs."
"Chinese what?"
"Censorship tells the wrong story."
"Some of my facial expressions while browsing /r/gonewild"
"How I look when browsing 4chan"
"Me  a girl  at the strip club for the first time"
"Photobomb Level: Master"
"that fucker came out of nowhere!"
"The feeling when I break out the last roll of toilet paper..."
"And suddenly I feel so insignificant..."
"our place in the universe"
"Just sharing my favorite gif for my cakeday."
"How I felt after deleting my facebook and joining reddit."
"How I feel wearing a top hat and a bow tie."
"When I got my first laptop"
"Kitten with tiny things."
"When I unknowingly take a bite of really spicy food"
"I no like watermelon &gt;:|"
"Watermelons"
"Camping day 2  long day hiking with the wife  going down... [fixed]"
"How was YOUR day?"
"Why you don't have kids"
"First time I legitimately laughed at a .gif in awhile"
"Dammit Henry! [FIXED]"
"When My Parents Tell Me to Go Out and Get a Job"
"When I complain about my job  and someone tells me &quot;Just find a new one.&quot;"
"My first time making out with a girl."
"How I feel on my cake day"
"I see your confused backpack and raise you this..."
"The funniest Craigslist ad I've ever seen. I want to hire this guy to sell everything for me."
"Jesus tap-dancing Christ  it's the only way to sell a used Pontiac"
"I'm considering buying this car."
"Hot Salsa Dog"
"Bailar Sr. Perro!"
"Ninja Kitty"
"Amazing Baseball Photography"
"The Evolution of the Simpsons"
"Iraq war explained...."
"I had fun once."
"Haters gonna...Uh-oh..."
"This showed up in my news feed. Was about to ignore it when I saw the last panel."
"The real tree of life"
"/r/atheism is going to get us all blown up"
"Scumbag owl"
"He will always be the best boss"
"Pretty much everybody on r/aww"
"The only reason why I wanted to watch this movie."
"A stroll in the park"
"Oh you know  just Harry Potter and Leonardo DiCaprio skipping down a side-walk."
"To victory!"
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful (PIC)"
"Daddy's little secret"
"In my next life..."
"My girlfriend walked in on me looking at gonewild (my reaction)"
"MFW I posted some shit comment and saw it was my cake day"
"Firing a gun underwater"
"How to escape the f***ing Friend Zone (fixed!) (FIXED)"
"oh  you know  just a radio tower."
"Looks like death"
"First thing I do whenever I'm home alone for a weekend"
"Facebook: &quot;Like if you love Oreos&quot;"
"&quot;Tuts mah barreh&quot;"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"Not sure if this has been done before..."
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"How to handle a wrong number"
"Meanwhile in Texas"
"Socially awkward potter"
"If I won the lottery this would be the first thing I would do."
"Rain cloud"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like Toms."
"Oh yeah take it Flash"
"Wtf Obese Spiderman and Flash."
"Barack Obama talking to a pirate"
"Hello"
"My reaction when my girlfriend said she didn't know who Bill Nye was/ is"
"Melbourne citizens  no need to struggle anymore  this kid has the solution to all your problems."
"More magnets"
"if only everyone would understand this..."
"Step right up  step right up. Gals  guys  name them all and win a prize. (disclaimer: no prize)"
"Puppy on a swing."
"Pokemon: The Christian Playthrough"
"Its everywhere!!!!"
"Haha"
"Ponder Dog"
"Reddit justice needed: Asshole who thinks beating up a pit bull makes him look tough"
"My ex got pregnant with her new boyfriend. She's 16  and her parents have no clue. It just hit facebook."
"There must be an easier way"
"Sometimes You Feel Like a Nut..."
"Sometimes You Feel Like a Nut [X-Post /r/funny]"
"Baby Seal"
"Every time I wash a spoon."
"That's what I call effective parenting."
"Curiosity takes a MySpace self-shot. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Baby Koala Bear before it turns into a clawing monster."
"Can it be...a baby albino....Koala?!"
"Who can say no to an albino baby koala?"
"I googled &quot;albino things&quot; expecting to find some weird stuff. Nope  just adorable albino koala babies!"
"Now Reddit  do as I say!"
"Why can't I hold all these karmas?"
"Now that's my kinda bouquet"
"A nice gesture to people without power"
"Good guy/gal New Jerseyan"
"Nobody tells facebook what to do! (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Some people just aren't the brightest"
"BEST BUDDIES."
"I'm getting mixed signals here."
"Viking Euphoria"
"when i saw one of my comments got me 80+ karma"
"blast beat go!"
"Friday"
"Hot Problems"
"Hot Problems [FIXED]"
"&quot;Nobody move!! I can't find my nuts!&quot;"
"Let me sing you the song of my people"
"How congress views the internet."
"My reaction to finding r/KillingWomen"
"Reading most status updates on Facebook"
"so i happened upon /r/picsofdeadkids today..."
"Lifelong training."
"The moment when you get a better grade than expected"
"burned down nightclub in germany"
"Is this photo shopped?"
"Come fly with me"
"The cat will hypnotize you with his catness"
"I prefer &quot;The Far Side&quot; over Calvin &amp; Hobbes"
"Patrick Stewart hates fatties."
"How I feel downvoting Trolls"
"My youtube playlist struck gold..."
"How to let him know I like him"
"Bill cosby loves his meals."
"Just moved to the USA from the UK. How I feel not having to eat Scottish food anymore."
"&quot;We make a mean team my Adidas and me...&quot;"
"Never put your mother or grandmother in a home. Ever."
"It's always nice to have a buddy around."
"Role reversal"
"Too much fist"
"Typical horror movie kill scene - now with more downvotes"
"When people knock my love for rpgs"
"Left my underpaid admin job after 5 miserable years today."
"A life lesson brought to you by Ron Swanson"
"118 Years of Tablet Design"
"Just in case reddit needed another reason to love cats..."
"How the Bison almost went extinct"
"Pile of Bison Skulls from the 1870's"
"Wonder what happened to the American Bison."
"How I feel after playing Skyrim for 4 months."
"Arrested Development"
"Sounds legit..."
"Seems legit...."
"Crabs Don't give a fuck."
"Hong Kong skyline."
"Shout! Kitty"
"Accidentally had sex with cuddle monkey."
"Someone sent me a pic with instanope today..."
"I don't know how i would react if this fell on top of my face when i'm sleeping."
"Dali in the zone."
"When I go to the beach but forget my chapstick at home."
"All glory to the hypnotoad on cake day!"
"Boulder  CO [1500 x 1001]"
"Just a pizza"
"Bigger diamond = Bigger gun"
"Looks great on a tombstone"
"Excuse me sir..."
"Nooooo. NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!"
"How I feel when people use their cake day to get karma"
"So it's my Reddit birthday....."
"How I feel when I give someone's post they're 1000th upvote"
"So my friend was at Disneyland when.."
"So I've been trying to write an essay for a couple of hours now"
"Gooby Pls!"
"Dnt run frm hm fegetz let him luv u."
"Happy duckling"
"Trippy kitty!"
"Trippy kitty!"
"Trippin' Kitten"
"Moar..."
"Context needed."
"Goin' hard on the playground."
"You now realize it's a shovel."
"Boy he's going to be disappointed"
"You know you aren't the first ...."
"The only 100% effective way of preventing drowning is not going in the water."
"Using Photoshop Express for the first time--nailed it."
"TIL what a shaved bear looks like  and I think it's freakier than a normal bear."
"And here's a hairless bear..."
"Fundie friend just messaged me this"
"At least it wasn't his knee... Apparently the guy survived."
"r/Gaming's perception of Gaben"
"Wtf midgets"
"My friend as a baby"
"Josh Sundquist does it again."
"How I can tell that it's either the beginning of dead week or finals week"
"Must be finals week..."
"A few minutes my ass  try &lt; 1 second."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Golden Arches"
"GIF makers/editors - Can one of you give this the Street Fighter 2 treatment?"
"My face when hearing the parents will be gone for a few hours:"
"When I go from playing split screen to single player."
"Extreme kayaking"
"Damn it feels good to be a gangsta"
"Happy Cat!"
"The Lion"
"Neon Lion"
"Just me sliding down a pole"
"I hope Reddit also likes furless babies"
"How I feel when someone on facebook doesn't confirm my friend request."
"If you didn't realize how large whales were already..."
"Ha! It sure is Dog"
"What's your specialty?"
"Screw /r/seduction  this is the best way to pick up chicks!"
"The best way to pick up chicks"
"Cave Exploring."
"Magic Eye with ASCII Text"
"Just got a letter from my ISP saying Disney found out I downloaded The Avengers off TPB. This is my sentiment."
"It has moobs..."
"The original downvoter"
"Found this while searching for something on Google..."
"The only convincing you'll need."
"GIF Sound Mashups - Come To Daddy Screaming Madness (just keeps getting better)"
"Eh  just poking around with old .gifs"
"My immediate reaction when I saw this gif."
"slow motion left hook"
"First time this has ever happened to me"
"Thanks 4chan... (SFW)"
"BEST STORY EVER"
"Listening to music at a [6]"
"Deal with it..."
"I could watch this for hours"
"Frogman cracks me up."
"Oh the humanity"
"Ridiculously photogenic wide receiver"
"Dog having a fun day at the park"
"Mama said knock you out"
"How I feel when my wife makes fresh cookies"
"Haikus are easy  but sometimes they don't make sense  refridgerator."
"Move to another car if your safety is threatened"
"So this exists."
"nailed it"
"Nailed it [Fixed]"
"Slumber Party Court"
"Truth or Dare"
"Bananas over Monopoly."
"Boop."
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful..."
"Someone had a bad day"
"Mean girls are spot on."
"Ecstatic hamptster"
"NEEDZ MOAR HOGAN"
"So I just found this picture of Hulk Hogan..."
"I have strep"
"IMMA FIRIN MAH GUIDO."
"Jersey Shoop da Whoop"
"i wonder what he smells like"
"Pik.eat.chu"
"This was retweeted by Richard Dawkins this afternoon -- thought you guys would enjoy."
"WTF"
"It's coming to Virginia beach..."
"Fear and Loathing in Tatooine"
"Better than a pot of gold!"
"Pink paradise"
"Christians sometimes..."
"Just keep swimming"
"Revenge"
"Probably my favorite gif of all time"
"All the poor pigeon wanted was some food."
"Apple Logic"
"Halloween in the Arctic - Imgur"
"forever alone"
"Just a girl  her figurine  and her dreams."
"Should have held on tighter."
"Apparently they dont."
"A Friend and I after a Midterm"
"How I eat one minute before suhoor ends..."
"What guys feel like they look like when they go down on a girl."
"Ed O'Neill (Married with Children  Modern Family) has been reading the same newspaper for 20 years"
"Proof that Obama is a Socialist?"
"Hug."
"Discrimination."
"Magnetic Absorption"
"no  i got YOUR nose"
"A walk on a lovely fall day  with a freshly-shaved face"
"When I'm talking to a girl I like..."
"A lesser known quote by MLK"
"Happy Martin Luther King Day everyone."
"Flying through Hurricane Katrina"
"Hurricane Katrina eye wall viewed from a Hurricane Hunter aircraft."
"It's too late  he's toast!"
"Musical Chairs"
"Gossiping Swiss cheese."
"When my frient almost drops the piece."
"Watching one of your posts make the front page for the first time"
"My brother's dog when he was a puppy"
"SINCE WHEN...?!"
"My original TIL..."
"Who needs swag?"
"My reply to all the facebook swag posts"
"resume of a boss"
"Funny Resume..."
"Brother was caught pirating and our ISP suspended us for two weeks. Here's me on my first day back."
"Suspicious.."
"That's suspicious..."
"Tag  you're it!"
"Sandy's response to the naysayers"
"I could watch this all day...BEST. GIF. EVER."
"FINISH HIM!!"
"The Space Shuttle Over Sacramento"
"You just have to believeeee"
"You"
"A classy party goer."
"wait wat"
"How I felt after reaching 1 000 comment karma."
"When my last post got 5 comments and 3 upvotes"
"How I feel realizing it's been two months since my last cigarette"
"Critical hit!"
"I don't even fucking know"
"Insane Iron Man Cosplay."
"Tunnel Snakes Rule"
"All day everyday"
"How I've been feeling lately"
"It's kind of sad"
"I feel alot like this right know."
"How I feel after graduating high school 4 years ago this year"
"50 shades of...."
"The King of Fishers"
"Found this in r/funny.. thought it belonged here. &quot;A Real Lesbian..&quot;"
"He really doesnt like baths"
"WTF material I suppose"
"NEVER...sneak up on Ninja Panda...he aint no Jack Black.."
"Conan the Ravarian."
"MFW people try to share the latest celebrity gossip with me"
"I just wanted to see her smile again"
"Lets get it on."
"best story ever!"
"i LOVE this time of night"
"Didn't want to find him like this... [fixed]"
"For Seal ?!"
"I hate it when ke$ha uses the toilet before me"
"Ass ftw"
"HIF about the upcoming election"
"As soon as I saw the penny arcade post at 6:30 this morning."
"Me after launching Dolphin successfully and pairing mt wiimote to pc..."
"What I do when I hear an argument about gay marriage beginning."
"When my friend and his ex both show up to a party"
"An Accurate Portrayal of Reddit"
"I wonder what song was playing?"
"Firefox can't open"
"Remember  when someone annoys you..."
"creepy mansion"
"romney"
"Some things were just meant to be...."
"This guy is running to be the US president..."
"Alright kids now that's much better"
"As a Michiganian"
"Reading '50 Shades Of Grey' and..."
"In a world where synthetic materials are scarce  [Minor spoilers]"
"To all you people posting your crazy exam questions..."
"I Feel I May Have Missed Something..."
"Mirror-shot from 1918"
"The first self-portrait of all time. (Thomas Baker  1917)"
"What Christians REALLY mean when they say &quot;I'll pray for you&quot; and they are losing an argument or if they know you are not Christian..."
"I really don't like animals with people teeth."
"Here comes the boom!"
"Whenever someone post a screen shot of their text conversation."
"Bison make terrible friends"
"Took this today at the Phx Zoo"
"Chimp feeding a baby tiger"
"A baby monkey feeding a baby tiger."
"Face Swap..?"
"That is genius."
"I can't think of a title for this  so... What the fuck?"
"When my nephew pulled his pants down and shat on a slide in public"
"Me  after someone told me &quot;only God knows how bubbles are made.&quot;"
"How I feel when I am trying to start conversation with an unsuspecting Redditor in front of me on the bus."
"When I'm getting a haircut and the lady is cutting my hair far too short"
"Carl  when Rick threw his dog food."
"1 of your 5 a day..."
"Swag."
"Quick Little Bastard."
"How do you &quot;fuck&quot; that up? [fixed]"
"They are getting clever!"
"New TSA bulletin"
"How I feel when there is a bug in my room and I leave and come back and it has disappeared..."
"MFW I'm on the train home for thanksgiving break."
"Why I love this show."
"Netflix is down!"
"DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER - Imgur"
"r/aww  Chernobyl version"
"RAWR!"
"Party Hard"
"i go hard"
"How to tell if it's HTML5"
"soon"
"Zombie Pikachu"
"I'll show her for choosing Ron."
"Is this the view our Canadian friends have of Mt. Rushmore?"
"Here are some neat pictures of Obama"
"Watching my dad (a GP doctor) watch House is more entertaining than the show"
"This is why a uterus should only be given after a certification -_-'"
"Parent-of-the-year award goes to..."
"I don't want to live in this planet anymore."
"Found this gem in the middle of the level"
"The A Team"
"So Close."
"Reddit WTF Material."
"Reddit Material"
"When you've got friends..."
"Spiky things can be cute too!"
"How much I read my required reading books over the summer..."
"[NSFW] I'm lost for a title here."
"Do it."
"Reddit  ASSEMBLE!!! (x-post from a Facebook friend who may or may not have found this on Reddit)"
"Man your battle stations  tonight  WE GO TO WAR!"
"For America!"
"Fail"
"Bus seats"
"&quot;House in the middle of the Drina River near the town of Bajina Basta  Serbia&quot; photographed by Irene Becker."
"When you sort r/funny by &quot;newest&quot;..."
"I'm never leaving my house again..."
"The greatest threat to western civilization. (xpost from r/funny)"
"lol  playground."
"But it wasn't a rock..."
"Walking into the middle of an awkward conversation"
"This is how i was taught it"
"Don't let those puppies get soft!"
"One must relinquish all desire to obtain enlightenment..."
"What to do when you feel someone staring at you."
"That awkward moment when another guy holds the door open for you."
"SEAL Team Siete"
"Being Captain Falcon in Super Smash Bros 64"
"Can anyone else smell that?"
"My reaction to all these reaction gifs describing their reaction to reaction gifs that describe their reaction to a re-used reaction gif."
"I just don't understand!"
"For all your OP insulting needs!"
"Fox McCloud is down!"
"Star Fox..... Is Down..."
"The dog says NO!!!"
"Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle"
"Tone it down  Santa"
"Inspiration"
"You said what about my mother?"
"Gentle giant."
"Unique marketing strategy"
"Fo Fuk's Sake"
"How I feel when I post on Reddit"
"This is what I most want re-released in HD with online multiplayer"
"Too much catnip"
"The Little Engine That...Ummm.."
"I think I ca-"
"The Cake... it's day"
"Baby Pygmy Hippo Eating Lettuce. Nom."
"Manute Bol"
"/r/gaming for next few days"
"I want a herd of these in my apartment."
"Go ahead..."
"So my friend just sent me this..."
"sub-zero vs neo"
"Kitty  Git Dawn!"
"I feel like this gets more relevant every election season..."
"Ronald is not amused"
"he wasn't loving it"
"Ronald McDONTGIVEAFUCK"
"Ronald McDonald on a bad day."
"Mesmerising"
"It is my pleasure to present to you  the fine people of Reddit  the pinnacle of manliness."
"Interactive .Gif"
"Touch the rainbow"
"This is one hell of a production crew."
"If only this were as contagious as yawning"
"show me yo bootyhole"
"This is one hell of a production crew"
"How I get ready to have sex...[FIXED]"
"umm..."
"Bumpy road ahead!"
"As part of the 18-24 demographic watching the beginning of the Oscars..."
"So much more terrifying.."
"YOLO"
"Boulder Colorado before (image 1) and after (image 2) marijuana was legalized"
"I think you're doing that wrong."
"This planet is far more amazing than we give it credit for."
"here comes the BOOM [FIXED]"
"Nature Reclaiming a Library [700x550]"
"Perfect spot to get away"
"Testing a bulletproof vest in 1923"
"what a beautiful strong couple. the tears!"
"One ticket to Hell  please. Window seat if you can."
"Lol"
"Me trading currency..."
"How i feel about people's &quot;cake days&quot;"
"Coming back to Runescape after 1.5 years of absense"
"Ramos Penalty"
"now THATs what happend to that ramos-ball..."
"He sure looks amused."
"Every Time I Wake Up In The Morning"
"When I wait forever for a GIF to load on my phone and it ends up being something I've already seen"
"Gets me every time"
"I found Conan O'brien's middle school yearbook photo."
"Pretty legit concern...."
"Hey  I just met you  and this is crazy  I like to dissect girls  did you know I'm utterly insane?"
"Transform!"
"beating your wife"
"My mom hated these..."
"When someone reposts my post and gets more upvotes"
"Supplies"
"DO NOT WANT"
"One of my favorite gifs."
"How it feels almost reaching the front page."
"How I feel when talking about moles in chemistry..."
"My reaction to people's posts introducing their pets to Reddit."
"After a shower  nobody home?"
"HIFW I'm planning on taking a shower and my roomate leaves for the day"
"Repost on the front page  you say? DEER ROCKET ATTACK GO"
"Browsing r/new"
"Why wasn't i taught this in the first place?"
"In my opinion  this is the best of the best."
"Are these bears??"
"One Erection"
"Get in my pouch!"
"So  a meteor is crashing towards Earth..."
"Just a young Louis C.K. and Marc Maron. (swiped from facebook)"
"This guy has seen some things."
"Piggy Backs for Pandas"
"The best way to get a girl to take off her shirt on chatroulette [SFW]"
"Boobs or I move him closer"
"Like a boss."
"hope this isn't on it's way to becoming popular.."
"Who knew humans had started reproducing like this?"
"Reddit lately..."
"Accepted a Friend Request from my Ex Girlfriend."
"When I Found Out My Campus Has A 7:1 Male To Female Ratio And Is Dry Starting This Year"
"dear athetits..."
"How I felt finally hitting 1776 karma..."
"An incredible long exposure shot of Earth from the ISS by Don Pettit / NASA"
"Skanku"
"Don't stop me now!!!"
"Tosh has spoken!"
"Pop it like its hot"
"Lovecraft is turning in his grave."
"Dress like H.P. Lovecraft"
"Yeah  so this happened."
"DOUCHEBAGS. Meet your God. (FIXED)"
"Call the lawyers"
"Today is my pup's 10th birthday. I think she likes her present/dinner."
"My friend's dad and his cows"
"Derp cow is watching you"
"Fight me IRL"
"How I feel all internet fights are."
"BOO YEAH!!"
"After 2 yrs unemployed  a 2 hr interview  and I start Monday."
"I'll bet this guy had the most fun at prom."
"How I view trying to get to the front page."
"Downvoting a post that's on front page"
"Flies CAN be beautiful"
"FOOD FIGHT!"
"When I have no Upvotes so 100% like my post"
"China’s deserted fake Disneyland"
"How I imagine Apple fanboys will be this week."
"Sandy comes ashore"
"When my girlfriend says she coming over in an hour."
"How I feel watching porn that tries to have a story."
"How I felt when I woke up and saw snow this morning."
"Fear this..."
"Finally found better postions to surf reddit"
"Swimming"
"I know these posts may be getting old  but I'd love to see a sequel to this"
"wat."
"Gif I found on DeviantArt"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"SMASHING!"
"Right in the childhood."
"Bouncing bodies?"
"Objects in the mirror are different than they appear..."
"Woah woah  okay you win."
"Parenting: level 9000"
"The one in the cartoon and body double"
"THAR SHE BLOWS! [Sandy]"
"Saw this on Facebook  thought it belonged here"
"Polar bear learning to walk [Fixed]"
"Tomorrow I intend on withdrawing all my money from Wachovia and switching banks due to the recent scandal. Any tips on good US banks (not that they really exist or anything)?"
"Gale-Force Winds Directly to the Face"
"Sparks Fly"
"bounce that..."
"PLEASED TO MEET YOU"
"Oh shi---"
"Welp  I won't be sleeping any time this year."
"Smug puppy knows something you dont"
"I live in North Carolina and I have a little farm there"
"Derp says &quot;Hi  Reddit!&quot;"
"High Fives"
"Yeah under there is fine"
"When a bunch of gifs on r/reactiongifs aren't reactions."
"Whenever I see someone reposting something from the front page"
"Nature's O face!"
"I'll take the baby head  please."
"Who wants some squash"
"This shit needs to stop..."
"Shouldn't have looked under there"
"One of the most offensive pictures on the internet. All it's missing is comic sans... /shudder"
"Fifty Shades of Grey"
"Bound to be a great movie"
"Male Privilege."
"How lightning really works"
"You are being monitored"
"How in the hell?"
"And this little piggy...."
"And this little piggy..."
"They say you can't improve on perfection"
"People  stop ejaculating in the road. It's probably not helping."
"You can be anything that you wana be!"
"My hat is a boot."
"He Doesn't Even Go Here!"
"He doesn't even go here..."
"They told me I could be anything so I became a dwarf"
"They told me I could be anything so I became a dwarf"
"Introducing  hurdlers without hurdles."
"one of my favorite gifs ever.. QWOP IRL"
"Do the mess around!"
"Sponge bob knows how to get all the ladies"
"How I look every time I go to a party..."
"My puppy likes to lay around and watch me while I practise yoga. She makes it kinda hard to concentrate sometimes. - Imgur"
"My puppy likes to lay around and watch me while I practise yoga. She makes it kinda hard to concentrate sometimes."
"Harry gets the last word."
"My experience with Firefox after using Chrome."
"4 Perfectly Round Circles?"
"Accurately labeled hotel toiletries. (Fixed)"
"Well they are white."
"How I thought I looked meeting my girlfriends parents for the first time and pretending to like the overcooked dinner they made."
"Eyception."
"Meow Monster. (x-post from r/gifs.)"
"How I felt when I missed my cakeday"
"Just finished Mass Effect 3 minutes ago and you know what?"
"&quot;You have been banned from r/circlejerk&quot;"
"So my boss suspended me from work today for a week trying to help another employee . This was my reaction when he told me."
"Whenever someone links me Gangnam Style"
"Nice Park"
"I'd like to know where this is so that I can never go there."
"I saw this gif and thought of this immediately."
"wanna pick me up?"
"First cat post  this gentlemen kitty is well worth it."
"Titanicumber vs. The Iceberg (lettuce head)"
"How I feel at the end of the week"
"To everyone who posts &quot;How i feel when...&quot;"
"Over the past year  I have learned something about Redditors' cake-days."
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"Really facebook? This is getting out of hand"
"Movember to remember"
"Well that's a big plus..."
"Lock up Your Daughters!"
"I'm going to hell for this... I'm going to hell for this..."
"Cooky"
"My reaction to a lot of posts on /new"
"How I look browsing r/wtf the last few days"
"My reaction to all the feet on Reddit"
"How America sees the World"
"This meme has been growing like wild fire...probably one of my favorites."
"Who is the good boy?"
"Tragic example of an in-bread dog"
"Hot Dog"
"Orphaned and just rescued"
"This was oddly satisfying to watch...."
"When I go on a downvote rampage..."
"SPEED"
"No words can describe the amount of awesome this picture contains"
"Military necessities"
"Downvoting a new post to 0"
"Still my favourite gif"
"What a name... Fap fap fap!!!"
"What a name... Fap fap fap!!"
"What's this disorder called?"
"Ice Cream Kid"
"Ice Cream Paint Job"
"Redditquette..."
"Redditquette"
"My reaction to my trees being blown away from the 23rd floor on a windy night of toking"
"Not hung like a horse though"
"Give a man a fish and he eats for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime."
"Mesmerizing Brows"
"Only one way to find out!"
"My favorite John Goodman film"
"Towel Eating Puppy or Puppy-Eating Towel?"
"Shhhhhhh...don't speak."
"Paul Ryan weightlifting in a backwards cap"
"Paul Ryan's boner."
"How I feel realizing I missed my cake day by a month"
"Son of a..."
"This is my first cat post to Reddit. Am I doing it right?"
"Sitting at the computer knowing that your girlfriend is coming over soon"
"Classic Pop-Pop"
"How I felt today after scrubbing in for surgery for the first time"
"Volunteering at a daycare and they're using glitter."
"GO BACK!"
"What the hell is this guy's coat made out of?"
"This about sums up religion..."
"Using the fan in Super Smash Bros"
"I can't handle how cute this is right now."
"take that"
"I'm a sign  not a cop"
"I always knew that this show was genius..."
"Tough decision"
"Hey Reddit  looks like there is still good in the world after all."
"Random acts of Kindness"
"I don't even."
"I don't even.."
"I have never seen a gif that represents my life better than this one"
"What it's like checking Facebook every 5 minutes."
"My new laptop just tripled in value!"
"Fooled me"
"Seems legit."
"Cooking on a log."
"Stop being tsundere!"
"Why I still have a landline."
"Baseball looks rather silly when you view it backwards"
"My face after watching Project X..."
"What time is it?"
"What time is it?"
"No one will ever believe you  beacause it's..."
"Bro came at me"
"There can only be one"
"Nature"
"Sharks"
"How I feel about fb posts"
"How Daniel Radcliffe Deals with Paparazzi"
"(Beautiful harmony) Where in the world is (bass voice) our fuckin' baby?"
"Horses are so yesterday"
"Twain in Tesla's Lab. Happy Birthday Tesla."
"Must've slipped something into the catnip"
"Someone points a rubber band at you  and you're like"
"How I feel trying to find something to post for my cake day."
"Careful  I think he's serious..."
"Wow"
"How I feel after accidently changing a paused TV channel."
"Tree and sidewalk merge"
"When I say something  then realize how stupid of me it was to say that."
"Whenever a post fails hard."
"Scumbag Gina Rinehart"
"holy shit!"
"It Is All Illusion"
"The man most upset over the closing of Hostess."
"Where White Man Went Wrong"
"Where White Man Went Wrong..."
"Danger"
"As a Browns fan who do I want to win the Super Bowl?"
"destroy them with lazers"
"No! Bambi!"
"Deer Launch"
"/fit/ gives advice on how to fight"
"Stair Wars - A New Hope"
"How I feel when I'm on a posting spree"
"the ackward moment when you're the only one laughing"
"I laughed so hard."
"Not sure if I want to smoke it..."
"Wut?"
"SLENDER MERN"
"Boy  that escalated quickly."
"That escalated quickly..."
"I found this on Facebook. Wow."
"One hell of a daily routine..."
"I must have missed this part of the Bible."
"Facebook stalk someone and find out they're single?"
"When I recognize something in a complicated science-related article"
"Gato Taco"
"Stone Forest in Madagascar"
"Ay Chihuahua"
"haters are gonna hate"
"Think about it.... This guy died this year. RIP Seymour"
"Bees. My favourite gif."
"Everyone  Please Check Under Your Seats"
"Meanwhile in Colorado"
"The wine makes her squirt (NSFW)"
"Forever alone"
"Derivery!"
"A repost  but this is the picture that got me hooked on Reddit. Little did I know my life would never be the same."
"won ton soup delivery"
"Is this game good/worth $10?"
"Playing this for the first time in my life ever. Best $3.00 I ever spent."
"First thing I thought of when I saw the gif."
"I Re-did One  I think It's Better  Let's See What You Guys Think."
"Fly away now"
"Don't question it... just keep staring."
"I hope Civ 6 looks like this. -xpost r/pics"
"Port Isaac England"
"Hello sir! Do you have a moment to talk about Christ!?!?!?!?"
"Those damn Meowhovah's Witnesses"
"Monarch Butterfly"
"Just found this on facebook. Hope it's not a repost"
"How I feel after not masturbating for a week"
"The Good  The Bag... The Unlucky"
"Meme trilogy: episode three. I'd watch it"
"I cannot stop staring!"
"There are some things in my house I simply cannot explain."
"hover cat!"
"Don't think with it."
"One of my favorite gifs to date"
"Come at me  bro."
"Turtle you so silly"
"I shit where I please."
"How I imagine my dog feels after a day of training for duck season."
"How i act when my boss isn't watching"
"bitch  better walk away."
"I laughed way too hard at this."
"Morphing"
"Something about this is just horrifying"
"Crystal meth really does fuck you up!"
"Can't stop laughing (xpost from r/funny)"
"Apparently  this is Bill Clinton's DAT ASS face."
"Oh Bill"
"Amazing Bill Clinton Photobomb"
"Kelly Clarkson gets photobombed at the inauguration"
"Not Bad."
"Gotta love him."
"Bill Clinton creepin' on Kelly Clarkson"
"From Bill to Kelly"
"Slick Willie"
"This is why I love Bill Clinton so much."
"Oh Bill!"
"Soon."
"Horse  go home."
"Bird Bath"
"I laugh every time"
"Left Brain Right Brain"
"Sometimes i can't tell the difference  but i'm okay with both!"
"She's a pro"
"photobomb level: freud"
"photobomb level: freud"
"Squeeeeaaaaallllll"
"Hyaaaaaah!"
"You had one job"
"Why didn't we try this the first time?"
"Some gold on my facebook today"
"Still the sweetest picture I've ever seen!"
"When I'm Called A Nerd..."
"Suggestive shirt: WIN"
"I think she may just blackout..."
"Yoda's Human Side"
"Yoda's Human Side"
"Fuck Bitches  Get Monet"
"Happy as a clam!"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Pusheen the Cat  Gangnam-style!"
"Cats are disturbing"
"Just a Kiss"
"Too much man for one picture"
"BOOM!! HEADSHOT!!!"
"Teehee"
"I have seen this gif before  but I don't remember the slobber at the end..."
"I'm a puff!"
"saw this on r/wtf thought you guys would like it (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Why I don't run [FIXED]"
"How I feel after reading trough Amanda Bieber's twitter feed"
"Domata Peko of the Bengals goes Gangnam style"
"My little dog with a big stick"
"Produce Creepers"
"This Pepper is Not Happy"
"Quick! To the kittycopter!"
"This post is for the few that will find this funny"
"Seen at an electronic music festival: The most embarrassing dad ever."
"When my parents discovered Angry Birds.."
"Oh God  my Palms."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1999"
"Right as the dream is getting good."
"My Birthdays coming up and I'll probably forget  so here is my favorite Gif of all time."
"When reddit went down"
"This shit has gone too far."
"Why would anyone do this to themselves?"
"Choices"
"Beautiful Launch."
"the only thing i miss about being married.."
"THE best face swap"
"Onward my friends"
"Optical illusion"
"Parthenon and the full moon"
"Well played Walmart  Well played indeed"
"H.R. Giger inspired wedding cake"
"What I fear happening to me every time I step on the dance floor."
"This is the funniest gif I know!"
"The view from space of NYC on 9/11"
"A lot of engineering freshmen follow this advice"
"Presidential"
"When i learned Obama did an AMA"
"Then and Now"
"Lars started a movement! [Or  Forever Alone Convention]"
"This real doll convention looks like a blast!"
"A picture of Dubai from the Burj Khalifa building [World's Tallest]."
"What I imagine Colorado must look like right now."
"Visiting r/new"
"Knowing what your friend wants for Christmas before he tells you."
"But I wanted Waffles."
"Oh hey  nice to meet you."
"Fuck it  why not?"
"Haters gonna..."
"I don't remember this Superbowl commercial..."
"Taste the universe."
"Here you go  Reddit. A gift from me to you."
"what have you done"
"True story..."
"Watch this classic trick done with style"
"More Owlets"
"No! That is NOT how you do the worm"
"I  for one  openly welcome our rubber ducky overlords."
"The brown noise strikes another victim"
"I see you Johnny Cash with a kitten and I raise you Freddy Mercury with a Himalayan"
"What an asshole"
"Candy Machine"
"When a gif takes more than 2 seconds to load..."
"Whenever I read the required reading and assignments in my grad school course syllabus."
"If I have to open your imgur link in a new tab."
"MReactionW when the coffee makers want to make fancy designs in the foam and I have to get to class"
"When a link takes 10 minutes to read..."
"When a video has a 30 second ad that you can't skip after 5 seconds"
"Whenever people tell me to wait for the coffee to cool before I drink it. . ."
"Whenever a gif takes more than 2 seconds to load."
"Remove contents from microwave and let cool for 3 minutes"
"How I feel anytime there's a &quot;When you see it&quot; post [FIXED]"
"Trying to get to the front page on your cake day"
"LOL"
"Downvoting someone's cakeday post"
"What posting on reddit as a beginner is like"
"TIL &quot;American Gothic&quot; artist Grant Wood based the painting off of his sister and their dentist - here they are next to the painting.."
"Why I'm a fan of Katy Perry."
"Funniest .gif I've seen in a while"
"Childhood totally ruined"
"Yeah  You Teach That Pole!"
"First try at this  I love this GIF."
"Real Friends got your Back"
"Well  not much to say about that"
"He's a little hungry"
