"And here's a downvote."
"Expectation"
"Downvote"
"Demolished  every time you downvote someone"
"The reaction i face when i express a view for religion."
"Seeing the same thing posted multiple times by the same person in 'new'"
"What the..."
"Definitely one of the weirder GIFs I've come across. Look at the text in the centre  the faces in your peripheral vision will become increasingly fucked up  but the second you look directly at the faces they'll become normal."
"When boner meant mistake . . ."
"Troll Cat"
"Troll Cat: Piracy (x-post from r/gifs)"
"TrollCat"
"Trollin'"
"Trollcat"
"How DRM works"
"mean cat"
"I re-colorized a picture too  you guys  how'd I do?"
"Man jacks off whale and eats its semen"
"Man figures out how to have sex with his own butthole."
"Not clear!"
"How I feel when I attempt to argue with my mom and my sister."
"Leighton Meester looks stunning"
"If I get any Otter  I'm jumping in here."
"Dafuq are these cubes?"
"Anyone know who made these? Wedding bands with etched wave-form of the couple saying &quot;I do&quot;"
"This person seems to have adapted very well at being FOREVER ALONE!"
"Poor Parker"
"Peter Parker hates rice"
"What's your favorite brand of rice?"
"Gets me everytime"
"Made me laugh.."
"Spiderman's weakness"
"They actually not bad"
"I Love That Rice!!!"
"This will not end well"
"I wish it was more socially acceptable for professionals to look like this"
"Attack!!!"
"my people need me"
"Not on my watch!"
"Oh don't mind me  I'm just going to take a piss."
"Wait... What?!?!"
"And they wonder why we don't take them seriously..."
"So this is what god has been up to."
"Mind=Blown"
"Just a pile of pennies"
"have you ever been so angry you could toss a grizzly?"
"Origin of Humans"
"Sorry if repost  but it was new to me this morning and I loved it."
"Just saw this on my Facebook feed."
"In FB newsfeed  I cracked a smile"
"Origin of Humans"
"What actually happened..."
"Origin of Humans"
"I couldn't have said it better myself."
"Sexting."
"I miss these dearly"
"Oh look a penny!"
"NNNNOOOOO......"
"cant decide who the bigger D-Bag is."
"Different perspectives"
"Beautiful underwater cave right in the middle of a city."
"Ojochal  Costa Rica"
"90's food fads: remember this? there's nothing like chewing your drink!"
"An extinct drinkform."
"A Panda Napping!"
"Guys  I have an idea  wait here...."
"Overly attached girlfriend banana"
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"Zip zoobity bop"
"2 deep 4 u"
"SHE LIED."
"Scumbag Twilight"
"Scumbag Edward Cullen"
"YAY! Piercings!"
"Wtf is wrong with you"
"I'm Wolvermesh [NSFL]"
"Does my butt look big in this?"
"Muffins"
"My current nerdy wallpaper."
"Sick Redditor defiles grave by digging up corpse all for the karma"
"Good on you Jim."
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Good on you Jim."
"City buses scare me"
"When I searched for the One Million Moms Facebook page today"
"Going on Reddit and then suddenly realizing it's my cake day."
"So not hot chocolate."
"STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM!!"
"Don't Get the Kitty! [450 x 331]"
"Freeze!"
"Activate Defenses"
"Defense mode- ON"
"Activate Defense Mechanism."
"Wut?"
"This cat love sex LOL"
"Anybody else play this game as a kid?"
"Oh Math Class You So Silly"
"And all these years I was just taking shots in the dark."
"HDMI  now with virus protection."
"I tripped  I fell  I landed on his"
"Dog Slap!"
"For those who have not seen this brilliant GIF yet."
"Bitch please!"
"The fuck you say 'bout my mum?"
"Nice pants"
"Have you ever been so scared that... (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Perfect Reaction. - Imgur"
"When I fell for my first screamer"
"baby sloth"
"Hey you guuuuys!!!!!"
"Heeeeeeeeey yooooooooooou Guuuuuys!"
"Donating money to name your own center...priceless"
"This how I felt at the store today"
"America's Future"
"As a relatively new redditor  this is how my first downvote felt"
"When my recent post gets downvoted immediately"
"Do a wheelie!"
"Dental Hygiene"
"There is no explanation for this."
"So this showed up on my news feed..."
"Steve Irwin is back!"
"My tattoo shop is better than yours."
"Me when I realize I have accidentally stumbled into /r/politics"
"Reposter's reaction to Reddit's accusations."
"My first trip into r/christianity.."
"When you walk into the bathroom  and someone is dropping a deuce  and you make eye contact..."
"How I feel when I get downvoted right away"
"When you accidently click on a (NSFL)"
"How I feel stumbling into an r/AskScience thread"
"When I fart silently in public  but it comes out extremely loud..."
"That moment where you realize that that guy from highschool who you were never really close with  but who's had your back in all your recent FB political arguments is a Scientologist"
"My dad starts with the casual racism at the family BBQ..."
"I just realized I am not browsing OKC anonymously."
"how i feel when i say something stupid on reddit"
"*sniff* They grow up so fast!"
"1 year of metal"
"Growin' Up (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Nobody knows the cure for dubstep.."
"Well that sucks"
"Well done  Australia!"
"Sorry guys"
"Unfortunately a possible future."
"Nice job..."
"I thought this was desktop worthy. Until I saw the while dot above the moon...and the two red dots on the mountain. They will forever bug me."
"Found this on the Catholic Memes Facebook page."
"Check out this GEM I found on /r/atheism at a [7]"
"Sums up r/atheism pretty nicely"
"That's nothing  I once..."
"That's nothing! (4Chan)"
"Foster´s Home for Imaginary Friends - FINAL EPISODE"
"Horrible toes are in  so here is a picture of horrible toes. [NSFT]"
"Got an A on my test and didn't study"
"How I feel when people karma whore on their cake day"
"Whenever someone trys to &quot;correct&quot; a First world problem..."
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 9 minutes.&quot;"
"When I saw a post in r/nofap asking me to join for August...."
"&quot;Not bad&quot; Michelle Obama"
"When an American white guy wins silver in the 10 000 m."
"Wrong Neighborhood"
"Being homeschooled my whole life  this is how i felt starting my freshman year at a public school... [Fixed]"
"It's worse enough when you have to deal with someone elses."
"Where am I..?"
"unusual midget knockout"
"To all you hunters..."
"Fuck this..."
"Googled &quot;Llama&quot; and i got &quot;The turd beast&quot;"
"my friend is taking her first photoshop class  this is her first project"
"I said WTF? I laughed then went aww. I present to the world the Llamapillar!!!"
"How is your job?"
"Soda-Pressing"
"This is my job"
"Sadistic"
"Elephants."
"Korgi ball"
"How we punished people in middle school."
"When I say God doesn't exist"
"When I think I have something interesting to put on Reddit"
"How I feel when I unknowingly repost something."
"How I imagine being a Christian on reddit must be like"
"Whenever I try to post to reddit..."
"How I feel wearing a tight shirt in public"
"Autocorrect gets sassy..."
"This autocorrect couldn't be any better..."
"Reddit  I've never been so nervous in my life. Still can't push send...."
"meow"
"Damn! I want the gif of this!"
"At least we save money"
"Getting used to being single again"
"Just some baby elephants"
"Baby elephants holding each others trunks"
"Picture of the &quot;Lion's Mane&quot;  the world's largest jellyfish  which is about the size of an SUV."
"Nope."
"NOPE !!!!"
"When the professor tells me I've produced the best crystals in lab and compliments my skills (x-post from reactiongifs)"
"Somehow I thought insects were smarter than this..."
"How I see the bees flying into each other gif [GIF]"
"This has brought fish ownership to a whole new level"
"Puffer Fish Fun"
"Fun times in Deus Ex!"
"Atheism has led to the greatest forms of cruelty! [Pic]"
"atheism has led to the greatest forms of cruelty and violations of justice..."
"Nope  you'll never regret that."
"Found this in my news feed"
"Tattoo on the nave"
"Heard you like cats.."
"Are you mocking me?"
"Not a fuck was given"
"Not a single fuck"
"Better than me.."
"My week was good. My week was very good."
"I spotted Sweet Dee skiing!"
"Yesterday at work I saved a kid  this is how I walked off the unit at the end of the day"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"This is the coolest thing I've ever seen"
"bird is the word"
"Dancing Queen"
"My first GifSound !"
"Queen of the Slopes"
"Live  from Super Ski Sunday..."
"Only in Canada."
"When my friend told me he didn't like The Land Before Time movies"
"Treestars"
"Pond Inside a Glacial Cave - Jostedalsbreen  Norway"
"Nigardsbreen Ice Cave  Norway"
"Happy horse is happy [NSFW]"
"How I felt when I saw that my ex-bf  whom I date for nearly two years  is now engaged to his gf of two months."
"Today and &quot;Oh You&quot; comics."
"Me when I skip ahead 2 minutes in a porn video. (SWF)"
"I think this belongs here."
"Okay just accelerate a little..."
"&quot;Aww look at her having so much f- OH SWEET JESUS WHAT THE FUCK?!&quot;"
"Conserve Energy....doing it right?"
"What I look like checking my posts for upvotes"
"HUMAN...STAWP."
"What the actual fuck is up with Japan!??!?"
"STAHP..."
"The mind cannot comprehend how awesome this photo truly is."
"The most interesting man in the world  with the man your man could smell like. I think I'm in love."
"Ahh  the good ole Hole in the Popcorn trick"
"popcorn"
"&quot;Poor Antarctica&quot; [Fixed]"
"Poor Antarctica"
":("
"Cigarettes WILL kill you."
"It will kill you"
"Agent Orange... Its effects continue to this day"
"Deformed stillborn infants from Agent Orange exposure  Vietnam War  1968"
"Seen a lot of spider posts today. I want to stay calm and rational  but..."
"So tomorrow I'm leaving for 2 week trip with my family with absolutely no privacy. This is how I feel as a teenage male....."
"Oh god  the irony..."
"How i feel about reposts"
"Hot or not?"
"How I feel when I loose three consecutive games against my friend."
"She has an avant-garde stylist."
"Breaking Good"
"A man walks into a bar..."
"So a guy walks in to a bar..."
"&quot;I'm happy I cut off my legs&quot;"
"Best of Maury"
"Good without God"
"Good without God"
"So Christians aren't so helpful after all..."
"It would be funny if it weren't so tragic"
"Haters gonna.. OH SHIT SHIT SHIT FUCK.. hate"
"Skateboard Jump FAIL !!!!!!!!!!"
"I friend of mine made this his profile pic; he has always been a bit of and ass but this may be going too far"
"Sagely Advice"
"Reddit Title: &quot;Got this in the mail today.&quot; Reality: found a cute picture of a cat on the internet and thought I'd share."
"Cats. Now available by mail."
"Kitty may have shifted during delivery."
"A box full of karma"
"This made me bust up. Runs Central"
"Holy crap this was a tough one."
"Wtf You rather?"
"The internet"
"this popped up on my internet today"
"What a lovely war"
"A back to school necessity"
"I think you need a new co-pilot."
"So how'd that work out for you?"
"As a Floridian  how I feel when people are freaking out about Irene"
"this happened to me at work the other day"
"Black redditor to Asian Redditor"
"How I feel when debating with an &quot;educated&quot; christian"
"Just had this conversation with a friend."
"As a gay person  this absolutely infuriates me"
"You never took a science course  and were home schooled"
"Everytime I see FB political banter..."
"Good Luck"
"There is no way."
"Soon"
"Soon...."
"Soon..."
"Cliff Golfing  you're doing it wrong."
"Hey  look what I can do!"
"So  Paula Deen was on my newsfeed today as my friends new cover photo?"
"How I feel when an automatic faucet in a public restroom has hot water..."
"Hot friend just uploaded her beach bikini pictures to facebook."
"When one of your posts took off and you didn't even know for days"
"My 1st time visiting r/spacedicks (I grew up on the wrong side of the internet)"
"How it feels to get more than 1 upvote on a post"
"Can anybody inform me as to what the fuck the story behind this picture is?"
"Still my favourite picture on the internet"
"All right  which one of you is this?"
"can't stop watching it"
"Just found out its my 2nd year cake day. I don't have anything to original to post except one of my all time post from reddit."
"An ant pushing a drop of water"
"Parenting - You're doing it right."
"Bioshock Cosplay - Parent/Child"
"Parenting-Your Doing It Right (X-post from /r/pics)"
"Parenting--you're doing it wrong"
"Parenting - You're doing it right (X-post from r/pics)"
"parenting  you're doing it right"
"This has happened more then once to me!"
"Annnnnnd we have a winner!"
"Positively the best negative I have seen ...."
"Say &quot;cheese&quot;!"
"I think she's a keeper[FIXED]"
"Powerpuff girls"
"The biggest set you've seen. Greatest. Partner costumer. Ever."
"Been working all year to get the shape of this costume just right..."
"After opening every link ever posted here  I can finally say that she does..."
"Ducks can go crazy too."
"Psycho Duck"
"Dance magic dance"
"Too cool for school"
"Michael Jackson drinking vodka and chilling with midgets."
"Oh  just Michael Jackson drinking vodka with two little people  nothing to see here."
"For my real life Cake Day I give you Michael Jackson chugging vodka with two midget groupies"
"Does anyone know the story behind this photo?"
"Trees cocooned in spider webs following Pakistani floods"
"Instant jew ear fungus?"
"If I was Carl Fredricksen from Pixar's movie  UP  I would want to land here."
"Lawn must be a bitch to mow."
"forever (happily) alone"
"I tries to help a stranger wen this hapens"
"Still crying [6]"
"Great...now i'll think of this every time i get a cold"
"The King's son."
"SO that is where colds come from...wait  what?"
"Why we get colds."
"Umm... good to know..."
"Girlfriend is Prego &lt;3 (xpost from 4chan)"
"boo  you whore!"
"Tallahassee's position in this Twinkie War"
"What I think about the Hostess Twinkie posts"
"How Woody Harrelson feels about the Hostess situation"
"True Talent"
"You're doing it wrong."
"Pretty much sums up reddit for me...FIXED"
"Presents!"
"eh?"
"Any love from fellow Canadians?"
"Meanwhile in Canada..."
"It's only a flesh wound.. (Fallout)"
"It's only a flesh wound.. (Fallout)"
"All His friends are dead"
"This makes me feel alive"
"Well  that was fun."
"Happy Father's Day!"
"Reddit  would you bring a one-night-stand back here?"
"[MFW] my buddy told me he was getting back together with his cheating girlfriend."
"Kitty Rape"
"Snake Wine: Looks Delicoussss!"
"Library"
"Strahov Library"
"Moses!"
"Oh the possibilities..."
"Moses stop being a cunt!!"
"r/atheism sent me here... so let's give Moses another chance!"
"Moses  you cunt."
"This wine tastes like ass"
"This wine tastes like ass"
"And no fucks were given."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Mini bikes"
"When I see other people who don't give a fuck"
"Not A Single One"
"Nice try!"
"Almost had it."
"I could watch this all day"
"SO CLOSE!!"
"Nice try  Mascotte guy!"
"Won't follow instructions ..."
"How pandas are made"
"Bro-ba Fett"
"Underneath it all.."
"Underground"
"Just Shaq and his......girl.....friend....da fuck?"
"Just got hired for my first job"
"how i feel about reaching 100 link karma"
"My first gif"
"Watch out for this badass"
"If this doesn't get karma I quit reddit"
"Where better for a nap?"
"CTHULHU FOR PRESIDENT"
"How I feel watching the 2012 Presidential election unfold"
"He makes a compelling arguement."
"Rescued baby La Plata dolphin!"
"Making a fancy cat"
"The two types of cats"
"How It's Made"
"Cats."
"How I draw a circle"
"When I Found Out BangBus Was Staged..."
"Rolling Fog"
"Pigeons"
"I'm just gonna..take a..little..nap.."
"Police and rioters come together to help fat man out of trousers"
"Found out I overdrafted my last credit card and am still unemployed  but I still have it pretty good."
"I'm usually not into this sort of thing  but I found these statistics to be particularly sobering..."
"I WILL GET DOWNVOTED TO OBLIVIOUS  BUT: You are not the 99%."
"Why I will never complain about being part of the &quot;99%&quot;"
"&quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring&quot; 1665 - Johannes Vermeer"
"at least she's not making a duck face"
"Girl with a Pearl Earring 2012"
"Girl with a Pearl Earring 2012 (Cross-Post from /r/pics)"
"Typical 17th century MySpace whore"
"If the Girl with a Pearl Earring was modern"
"Today is my cake day. I'm also a complete Marxist. I give you Lenin + Cat"
"Closer.. Clooooooooooseeeer.."
"No longer safe to tan outside naked in your own yard"
"Only 9 cents where I live"
"U guys. Srsly."
"And not a single fuck was given that day"
"And not a single fuck was given."
"Fucking great."
"Am I seeing things?"
"What's on your mind?"
"Such great friends!"
"It's apparently my cake day so I googled a cat pic. That's how this works right? Or do I have to claim it's my cat? I'll go with that. Here is my cat. He has mice on his head."
"What I feel like when the hive mind downvotes me into oblivion"
"Teenagers"
"photographers"
"Step Art."
"Worst Day Ever"
"Police raided a Redditors home"
"Reddit's worst nightmare..."
"A nightmarish headline for an Ent."
"A true nightmare for r/trees."
"Bad Customer Service"
"Starbucks vans with sliding doors are a bad idea."
"Starbucks trucks with sliding doors are a bad idea."
"I just think its expensive  but opinions may vary."
"My reaction to r/spacedicks (SFW)"
"Sure  GoT is great  but it snows in Middle Earth too."
"Well  I didn't see that coming. (FIXED)"
"The tale of Tiny Hippo"
"Tiny Hippo Is a Force Not To Be Reckoned With"
"Tiny Hippo."
"Ain't no one"
"Ain't No One"
"Ain't no one."
"Ain't no one."
"Tiny Hippo"
"Ain't no one"
"The Merciful Samaritan"
"This guy is awesome."
"Meanwhile in class..."
"so I saw this on facebook..."
"I believe this belongs here"
"Want to know a Chuck Norris fact?"
"Bruce Lee."
"Just Bruce Lee being Bruce Lee"
"when i was growing up these were the bee's knees"
"I'm tired of these motherf@#$in' snakes on my motherF@#$in' chain!!"
"I’m tired of these motherfuckin’ snakes on my motherfuckin’ chain!"
"ME. BACON."
"Those girls must really like sausages."
"Leave her pig alone!"
"IT'S MY PIG!!!!!"
"These girls do not fuck around when it comes to wrangling a pig. WTF"
"Don't touch it!"
"Taking a peek on r/spacedicks"
"When people clap after a successful plane landing."
"Bath time"
"Duck in a sink"
"this isn't like home"
"Evil OCD checklist"
"This got his attention.."
"I didn't think this was possible..."
"Tell it like it is  Spiderman"
"spacebar"
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Astronauts hang out at the..."
"Astronauts hang out at the...."
"Horny bastard."
"Don't judge me Akinator!"
"Just a cat with a curly moustache"
"Must be a repost but after trying to engage in sexitimes with girlfriend this is definitely true..."
"Everyone like watermelon"
"this iz yummy watermelon"
"How the world used to see Bin Laden."
"How times have changed!"
"Perspective."
"Start your morning with a sausage..."
"Sounds delicious!"
"McDonalds fuck up again..."
"Fast food is getting weird"
"I don't known what's with my obsession with hank lately..."
"Pokemon"
"Pokemon Theme"
"This is happening inside of you right now."
"the heart of rock and roll"
"Sweeping"
"kitten asleep after a hard day of laziness."
"fuck"
"You know you felt this way when you first saw it."
"What?"
"I don't even..."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Looks perfectly ngrmad to me"
"I see your shitters  urinals and whatever and raise you a toilet."
"How the fuck...!?"
"First Google Earth View"
"The world is your oyster"
"What I think about all these rock posts lately."
"MFW they show anyone but my home country on tv during the Olympics"
"What the US Olympics uniform should have been [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"Hilarious old facebook posts found on stumbleupon"
"HIFW I put contacts in for the first time in forever."
"Trying to stay awake in a really boring class."
"Staying awake in a really boring class."
"Wait  what...what the fuck?"
"Brotherly love"
"Behold  Brother."
"I found this way too funny"
"?"
"Mmmmm Ice Cream"
"Wanna know how I got these scars?"
"Why so serious?"
"Crispy M&amp;M's  very tasty!"
"I want these again. The pretzel ones just aren't the same"
"Remembering Elementary School..."
"Hey  is this seat free?"
"How I feel when I post original content"
"Working in Style"
"Todays Episode: 'Buster Visits a Chatroom'"
"Buster Gets a Computer in His Room  Learns Life Lessons"
"Higher Thinking indeed..."
"A message from Carl Sagan"
"THIS is the Best Presidential Photo Ever"
"Rev up those fryers..."
"My friend just drew this. Right in the childhood...."
"Right in the childhood....."
"MY LEGGGGGGGG..."
"Really Ghetto  The Last Supper."
"Origin of: Lookout we got a badass over here[fixed]"
"What is this sorcery? I can't...can't move"
"Its...beautiful"
"Don't watch me poop!"
"Cats needs some privacy too!"
"Mentally helpful sign"
"You want to know how I got these berries?"
"Puppies in overalls"
"MINE"
"Whenever I start to tell a story that involves a friend standing right next to me and they interrupt and continue on with the story"
"Ironman"
"White people"
"Little girl and penguin"
"You're really not fooling anyone  Charles."
"Shut up  Charles"
"Shut up Charles..."
"shut up  charles! (x-post from r/cats)"
"Ugly cat conversations"
"Seriously Charles."
"Lads of GTA playing  well  GTA."
"You don't mess with tiny hippo"
"Radical Islam"
"In the face!"
"Slow Motion water balloon to the face!"
"when i cant find an answer by googling it"
"How I feel when my comment is downvoted by everybody but I'm still proud of it."
"Funny Animated GIF - Anybody know what it's from?"
"Who the fuck eats a taco like this?"
"Hard shell tacos. Every time..."
"You know who else didn't care about fuel efficiency?"
"That's one way to get the message across..."
"When you ride ALONE you ride with Hitler!"
"How babies are made"
"How to make a baby"
"The Plane Truth"
"How I feel after we turn back the clocks"
"Mama Gorilla Disapproves"
"What I wish I could do with /r/Atheism"
"Weekend!"
"Ex-girlfriend"
"My ex had this really weird fetish..."
"The 1%"
"Gabe during the Steam Summer Sale"
"Meanwhile  at Steam HQ..."
"1%ers"
"...and not a fuck was given"
"Karma Boots"
"All that's missing is a bacon hat..."
"A perfect Spongebob"
"Why do we do anything?"
"Im lost for words"
"That's not scary at all..."
"Why?"
"This still makes me laugh every time"
"When people ask why I'm atheist."
"Whenever someone asks me &quot;why&quot;"
"Favorite picture ever"
"Why?"
"For the Glory of Satan!"
"Donkey Kong IRL"
"The most disgusting cat in the world"
"Achoo! Omnomnomnom"
"Now that's a good scarecrow"
"And not a single fuck was given that day."
"Meanwhile in Mexico"
"Just going out for a little walk...xpost from r/funny"
"Venice beach  ca"
"Just proves that I haven't seen everything.."
"Googled  &quot;Give me something that will get me to the front page&quot;."
"This is why i love Jim Gaffigan......AND CAKEDAY"
"Stop eating...you were done..."
"Bathroom Doors"
"Public bathrooms in Norway"
"At least  we won't see their face - Privacy preserved"
"What I posted was funny  screw you and leave me alone  I don't care about your downvotes."
"Crying."
"Watching all my friends enjoy the Steam sales while I'm away from home for 2 weeks and won't be able to buy any games"
"Go cry me a river"
"Tablecloth Trick"
"FATALITY!!!!!!"
"Tada! Oh shit  RUN!"
"Ta-Da!"
"&quot;Aha  I did it! OH SHIT.&quot;"
"How bout' a magic trick?"
"The identical quadruplets in China with number 1  2  3  4 shaved on their heads to make it easier for teachers and classmates to tell them apart."
"The identical quadruplets in China with number 1  2  3  4 shaved on their heads to make it easier for teachers and classmates to tell them apart."
"What...if.."
"As pretty as she is..."
"Identifying Wood"
"who's got wood"
"Wait  what is it again?"
"Still makes me laugh."
"Identifying Wood"
"Let's not forget..."
"Doggy Hug (x-post from r/dogpictures)"
"Dog hug  isn't that cute?"
"Oh how I've missed you  darling!"
"found out my ex just got pregnant."
"found out my ex just got pregnant [x-post from r/funny]"
"Mother of God..."
"I very much enjoy this Toy Story humor"
"Sid  all grown up."
"Laptop batteries..."
"Sean Connery: The Early Years"
"Do it yourself  doodler"
"Boom"
"I am Catzilla!"
"And Yet Nice Guys Finish Last..."
"Friend saw this on the train this morning"
"Contradictions in the Bible"
"Beautifully Visualized 439 Contradictions in the Bible"
"Uhhh... What?"
"at a [5] cant think of what to call this NSFW"
"After a month without sex  my girlfriend finally let me hit it."
"I don't even understand what is going on"
"reddit.com in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"Searched reddit in a nutshell... Was not disappointed"
"Slippy Knows Best"
"Bone cancer in a skull"
"A look at bone cancer"
"I came *this* close to having a conversation with Cleverbot."
"God damnit  Cleverbot."
"Nightcrawler Lives [gif] - Imgur"
"When someone warns me about pulling my flash drive out without properly ejecting first..."
"Every time I see somebody else using an iPad with no case"
"How I feel when I play a brand new game on the hardest difficulty..."
"When I'm tailgating someone in the speeding lane  and someone starts tailgating me."
"Cake Day came and went. I didn't even post anything..."
"We are small on this earth [FIXED]"
"Jack Nicholson getting psyched before 'The Shining' &quot;Here's Johnny!&quot; Scene [GIF]"
"they figured it out."
"Massive eyeball (xpost from r/creepy)"
"Do you know a good sushi restaurant?"
"Oh yeah? Then fuck your sushi!"
"Just missed my cake day. Also found a use for this gif. MFW ( i put sleeping pills in the cake that was given to the mods! )"
"When I am having a bad day  and I get downvoted."
"damn sun  WAY TO SHINE IN THOSE TREES."
"Omegle Troll"
"[pic] Narwhal AND Bacon!"
"This is my dinner tonight..."
"If this doesn't make the front page I quit everything"
"This happened at midnight."
"They're coming..."
"Redditor methodically murders and stuff dozens of bunnies  then artistically arranges them all for another hit of that karma crack rock"
"Soon"
"ERMAHGERD JERLER SERNDWERCH"
"yeees  the jam pleases me"
"It's Swansons all the way down."
"What the hell  man!?"
"That stinks"
"my favorite comic of all time"
"This makes me laugh no matter how many times I see it."
"This piggy belongs here"
"Piglet"
"a relaxing saturday afternoon....."
"Our lives on Reddit"
"When ever I get a chance outdoors."
"I see your dancing  cracked out pornstar and raise you another dancing cracked out pornstar. NSFW"
"How is the rest of this porn like?"
"If it hadn't been of cotton eye joe."
"REEEEEEEEEEPPPOOOOOOOSSSSSSTTTTTT"
"When i see you"
"Am I a terrible person for laughing at this?"
"Get on CS GO for the first time. Going 0-4..not good. Spawn with the bomb  get the plant and finish round 5-4."
"Everyone I have seen with an iphone 5"
"Freddie Mercury in a onesie + Cats = Karma"
"Freddie Mercury and cats.. need I saw more (x-post r/oldschoolcool)"
"When the person replying to my comment gets more upvotes than me"
"He's small  cute and likes to cuddle."
"Never ceases to make me laugh."
"A hard lesson to learn."
"Magic!"
"Magic isn't real!"
"Do YOU believe in magic?"
"Bragging: A Physical Interpretation"
"Stumbled upon this earlier today. At first i got really confused but then realized there was a banana for scale and everything was okay"
"BANANA"
"Just hanging out"
"I know its old but I love it so much."
"Bunny Bath Time"
"Bunny bath."
"That moment when..."
"lounging"
"What the actual fuck"
"Good Guy Spider"
"Made it to the front page of reddit and have had an account only one day."
"I wish I could dance even half as well as either of these guys"
"This is why I love Neil Patrick Harris"
"How I feel reaching my first thousand karma."
"Can someone bring me a ladder...please?"
"Just one more paycheck."
"Cadillac concept"
"Children's story? Wtf?"
"Pie Chart"
"Pie Chart"
"Pie chart"
"Exactly"
"Be Like Mario"
"Neo Sheen (x-post from /r/vertical)"
"Neo Sheen"
"Lady and the Tramp"
"My favorite movie  Ernesto and the Tramp!"
"people change"
"Adding Color To The Most Iconic Photos In History"
"Making Instant Potatoes"
"When I posted a comment and realized it was my first cake day!"
"dont know what to say in the punchline"
"Oh My God Italian Spiderman!"
"When I accidentally looked at /r/spacedicks"
"I logged in and heard of Obama AMA's a few weeks ago."
"When someone scares me and I try to play it off cool"
"Me when I walked in on a man without a leg cleaning his penis in a McDonald's bathroom"
"Walked in just as the dog was crapping on the floor."
"Thru the gates"
"well that's one way to decorate your lawn"
"Oscar Wilde had it right"
"Checkmate"
"Thanks  Captain."
"Hola amigo"
"I feel like this more and more each day."
"How I feel whenever I browse New"
"It's just a repost!"
"My new favourite gif."
"Whoosh."
"What the f...no  Who the f...no  ah forget it."
"Dolphin rape?"
"Dolphin vs. Personal Space"
"How I feel every time I visit r/WTF"
"Me whenever someone brings up politics."
"Don't cover it!"
"When people says our government needs &quot;Christian Morals&quot;... - Imgur"
"She's mine"
"My two very cute cats"
"Dark Cat Rises"
"Poor kid"
"Since September 12  2003. I'm a little bit proud of myself. Any got the full nine years?"
"My friend got his pug a pair of slippers"
"It's not my fault I'm lactose and tolerant.."
"On my fb...that escalated quickly."
"This FB stuff has gone too far..."
"Well  that escalated quickly."
"I like Pizza (from fb)"
"facebook is gettin alil outta hand with these (1st post)"
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"well that escalated quickly.."
"The Original Scumbag Steve"
"Douchbags  meet your god [Fixed]"
"Panoramic Shot of Martian Landscape by Opportunity before 6 Month Hibernation for Martian Winter [613x212]"
"Panoramic Shot of Martian Landscape by Opportunity before 6 Month Hibernation for Martian Winter [x-post  /r/spaceporn]"
"Mars Rover 'Opportunity' took 817 pics within the 6months of its hibernation  creating an amazing panorama [pic] [HD] (/r/spaceporn)"
"Mars Rover 'Opportunity' took 817 pics within the 6months of its hibernation  creating an amazing panorama [HD] (/r/spaceporn)"
"Humans are awesome sometimes: A view from Greeley Haven  Mars"
"Makes me chuckle every time"
"Yoda Pug"
"It looks rather friendly"
"The not so 'safety' dance..."
"How to become the most hated person on campus"
"Absolutely Beautiful Hand Made Skeleton Fountain Pens"
"Not really sure  felt these belonged here. So I'm hoping you guys get the steampunk vibe I get from these."
"I keep a stack of about 50 of these in my glove compartment"
"Trying to reddit on campus during finals week"
"this is how all presidential debates should be handled"
"this is how all presidential debates should be handled"
"Yes  yes they should"
"EVERYday at quitting time..."
"Damn I wish I could read."
"How to collect welfare!"
"How Conservatives view Welfare"
"How to collect welfare."
"My friend texted me this"
"My black roommate loves this picture"
"Collecting welfare"
"GET TO DA CHOPPA!"
"Jay Laser"
"Headphones in the library."
"just a little puppy kiss"
"ATTACKK!!"
"That's a licker to me"
"The answer is no! .... Aww I can't say no to that face."
"My reaction after passing my drug test"
"Karmawhoring"
"Every Gonewild Post."
"gone_wild in a nutshell"
"Damn kitty hipster"
"stahp"
"I believe this belongs here."
"The beautiful Anne Hathaway."
"So  when you search &quot;Anne Hathaway&quot; on Google  this happens."
"I was trying to get myself a picture of Anne Hathaway's boobs after watching DKR  so I googled her name. Erection gone."
"I was trying to get myself a picture of Anne Hathaway's boobs after watching DKR  so I googled her name. Erection gone [cross-post from /funny]"
"Rannn Rathaway"
"Just in case you ever wondered  this is Anne Hathaway as a dog."
"Ready for the gym."
"It's a dog dressed like a person"
"I'm gonna poop in this urinal!"
"Portable shit dispenser"
"There's no way this was supposed to appeal to children."
"Whatcha lookin' at?"
"Power of the Upvote"
"upvote"
"Slimy Yet Satisfying [NSFL]"
"Wow... I don't even..."
"What the hell OP"
"Wat the fuck"
"FINISH HER! (NSFW)"
"This is the only gif to make me laugh every single time. Mortal Kombat players will especially like this. **NSFW!**"
"Amurhica. Fuck Yeah!"
"'Merica  Fuck Yeah!"
"UH-60L Door Gunner Part Deux"
"I never want to be a Social Worker"
"If you're trying to attract people with an ad this is certainly not how to do it..."
"Creepy"
"It's my cakeday?"
"Kills bugs dead"
"Spiderman is getting assertive these days"
"What else could you ever need?"
"Breakdancers..."
"If I ever tried to run from the cops..."
"Drunk at 4am this morning  realizing that work starts in 3 hours."
"When browsing reddit and I fail to notice that a link is [NSFL]"
"How I feel when I upvote something in r/new before I see it's a repost"
"What it's like to be an atheist who listens to country music."
"When we do an easy dragon only to realize the entire enemy team has been MIA and probably has been doing baron."
"Trying to set up a YouTube account nowadays"
"Happy Birthday John Lennon. I wish I knew you."
"This is a ceiling."
"This is a ceiling. PIC"
"Justice!"
"A Whole New World"
"Protects your hair when eating...I need this"
"A wild baby dingo has appeared"
"Creativity at its finest"
"This kills the man (From my Facebook feed)"
"Nursing 101"
"Listening to Kamelot"
"One hardcore penguin"
"Pingu's predictable playlist"
"Deal with it"
"Oprah + Sunglasses = WTF?"
"Halloween Want!"
"Constellations"
"How I feel while eating during a shift in my schools computer labs."
"Deleting my comments after being downvoted"
"Deleting a comment on reddit..."
"rawr"
"r/AWWr"
"A laser shined at the center of the Milky Way."
"I don't think i can eat that."
"Zzzz  nom nom nom nom. . .zzzzz  nom nom nom nom. . ."
"Happy hamster is happy"
"Wat."
"I just noticed the coke nails. Happy little trees indeed!"
"Apparently the ability to google Mila Kunis gets you karma now"
"You're no match for me!"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  the president of the united states..."
"Whenever I ask my parents why I have to take out the trash"
"Whenever I post something funny on Reddit and nobody appreciates it..."
"How I feel when clicking refresh and seeing more and more upvotes"
"How I felt in every single work interview"
"How I feel after 2 rounds of interviews lasting 3 hours"
"My plan for tonight."
"I think he has had too much."
"I believe there has been some kind of mistake"
"Scumbag Dog"
"Dogs."
"The Ugliest Unicorn"
"This dog is cooler than your dog"
"Jebus?"
"Derp Jesus ('tis the season)"
"WTF Jesus?"
"He is risen"
"Jesus caught in a bad timing picture."
"Looks like Jesus is having trouble expressing his feels."
"Herm..Herm.."
"WWII Artillery squad celebrating Easter [1368x1121] (Can someone tell me what unit this is?)"
"Cutest thing I have seen on the internet.."
"It's strangely mesmerising"
"Seashells"
"I don't want to have Clank-Thud-Klank"
"My girlfriend insists this is real. I think it's photoshopped. What does Reddit think?"
"What hairstyle is this?"
"Hits Puberty and Becomes More Attractive  Still Has Bad Luck"
"Bad Luck Brian now Good Luck Brian"
"Nutella is made in heaven."
"Nutella the stuff of angels..."
"If Night Crawler played American football."
"Fortune Cookie Advice"
"Fortune Cookie Advice"
"My reaction when people ask me if I go on reddit."
"My reaction to my new bosses &quot;Half work day on fridays&quot; policy"
"My reaction to finding out its my cake day"
"Still my favorite .gif ever. NSFW"
"Not what I expected mushroom pizza to be."
"Pirates of the Caribbean motion capture"
"Pirates of the caribbean motion capture (x-post from r/pics)"
"Pirates of the Caribbean motion capture"
"Motion capture magic."
"Just a baby polar bear"
"Not sure if this came from here or just belongs here... Just a baby polar bear."
"My brain just can't stand this amount of cuteness.I think I will explode."
"I think this belongs here"
"This guy that has been hitting on me recently posted this on Facebook with the caption &quot;Jeaallouuusss.&quot; I don't know how to feel."
"So this exists...."
"Everytime I see a hot girl"
"Sharing is caring  to a point"
"What Snake Venom Does to Blood"
"Evolutionary chain."
"(Pokemon) evolutionary chain."
"You can lead my country. You can lead my country so hard."
"They should sell ketchup that looks like this around the 4th of July  I bet it would be a big seller"
"he lives!"
"how most of my posts go (sorry my only upvoter)"
"if there are testicles present you can rest assured that projectiles will find them"
"WANT"
"When your girlfriend complains about how you play COD too much."
"Massage to all the haters on this site."
"I love my cat..."
"I haz fluff!"
"Einstein"
"Saw this on my newsfeed  thought you guys would get a laugh"
"they have a point"
"If ever a picture made me go &quot;WTF&quot; it's this one."
"Cringe worthy warning."
"Wasn't my intention anyways  but thanks for the warning"
"Wish I had have read the warning first..."
"I'll be sure to keep that in mind."
"Old pic  but still mesmerizingly beautiful."
"Forever Alone Level: Ghetto"
"Awwwww..wait.."
"One of the biggest fails I've seen"
"Instagram fail"
"wait for it"
"When you see it.."
"My right hand is also Bae..."
"Nice try  sleeping beauty."
"It must be hard being Scottish."
"Does Anger Management work?"
"Soon."
"Looking for a post-grad job"
"When I see long punny Facebook threads posted on Reddit."
"Just saw a Kit Kat commercial"
"Picard on pot legalization"
"I haven't been on reddit all day..."
"How I react to &quot;I say I'm fine  but I'm not&quot; posts on Facebook"
"When you use it wrong  me and I get mad..."
"How I feel lurking through Reddit."
"Pyro Dredd"
"Dredd has been beyond The Wall"
"An incredible picture"
"Quick  dance!"
"Shoryuken"
"lol! he hit him and then he hug him because he feel bad!"
"Bear Problems"
"Unbearable problems"
"Columbine High School class of 1999. Check the top left. [x-post from /r/MorbidReality]"
"The fuck was that?"
"The fuck?"
"I'm not sure why this makes me laugh so much..."
"My cats thought process (Shameless repost)"
"How I feel at a [9]"
"Wilford Brimley or a cat licking itself  I can't tell"
"What Pokemon feels like after not watching it for ten 11 years..."
"When I'm home alone and I hear eerie or strange noises"
"Follow your dreams"
"Well I don't think there will be any argument about whether or not THIS belongs in /r/wtf..."
"Follow your DREAMS"
"The reason I subbed to WTF"
"Protester gasses the police on March 24 in Brussels."
"Meanwhile in China..."
"searched wtf on google and this guy appeared..."
"How I feel when I downvote something into negative points."
"Here's me e-mail... don't be put off..."
"I laugh every time."
"Universe closed. Use rainbow."
"Using the handicap stall instead of a normal one."
"Sitting in the emergency exit row on a plane"
"How I feel now that Marching Band season is over."
"I swear this is how half of you get your karma"
"How I Feel When I Decide to Up or Downvote a Post"
"How I feel when I see Pokemon posts."
"my reaction to reposts"
"When I see a link with no votes..."
"Well that title is misleading..."
"That'll teach them!"
"Reminds me of Cartmanland [x-post from r/funny]"
"Forever alone"
"Y U NO get a real guitar?"
"What's taters  precious?"
"Beautiful bunny"
"Squishy bunny"
"Good Guy President"
"Can't argue with that."
"... The End"
"So graceful"
"The G.B.J.K are at it again."
"These guys might just tickle the tolerance into you!"
"Wat...?"
"Awww.... Wait what...?"
"Um"
"Hungry?"
"Hello"
"It's my birthday today. Only one guy said Happy Birthday..."
"How I feel when people understand my references to other posts."
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"All hell broke loose ..."
"Ladies and gentlemen  I present  the scorpion fly"
"Unfortunately the only real thing left at Seaside Heights  New Jersey."
"Just settling in for work on Monday morning and..."
"Sign up for my summer camp please."
"youth of today"
"Indeed  you do not see that everyday..."
"Sweet dreams."
"Well... I'm sure she's happy to see that"
"Godspeed You! Black Emperor - Kitten Tickle!"
"The duck cow."
"This isn't even my final form."
"I'd hate to see Blue ..."
"Unexpected..."
"AMERIKA FAKK YEAAAHHH!!!"
"Fruit Ninja"
"Favorite badass for my cakeday!"
"Still my favorite pic!"
"What happens when you shout too much in ASL"
"Come on! Do it! You chicken?! baaawwwwk bawk bawk bawk"
"What video is this from? Found it once  can't find it again."
"I think you have the remote... (X-post from r/creepy)"
"I think you have the remote... (X-post from r/creepy)"
"No  this is Patrick."
"After the rain  mushroom [AWAPA]"
"im lovin it"
"WTF.. Semen Demon tattoo?"
"Shit Egoraptor..."
"Damn  white people."
"White people."
"you had ONE job..."
"If you steal my phone"
"Before CGI."
"The Empire Strikes Back - Filming of the Opening Crawl"
"Clash of the titans"
"The truth behind Mickey's gloves (x-post from r/funny)"
"The truth behind Mickey's gloves"
"Einhorn is Finkle  and Finkle is Einhorn! Just thought I'd remind you. [6]"
"This is how I feel browsing /r/WTF tonight..."
"How I feel talking to my mom on the phone.."
"Just had to be done...."
"Get them while they're young! xpost from r/halifax"
"Only in Canada!"
"Why I love Morgan Freeman"
"Facebook in a nutshell [Fixed]"
"The utensil we all dream of."
"I gigled"
"&quot;But when will you be back"
"My Cute kitty"
"Murica!"
"Bring it on England. BRING IT ON."
"I believe this is quite relevant currently.."
"So i was looking for a picture of Bear Cavalry on imgur and found this..."
"No tittle needed."
"America! Fuck yeah!"
"America! Fuck yeah! (xpost from r/pics)"
"Reddit  I need some more of this types of pictures"
"Searched 'Merica and got this. Was not disappointed."
"When one of my comments is heavily downvoted"
"Smug Dog."
"I saw this on my FaceBook feed  but I felt like this was its real home..."
"I put eyebrows on my dog... I wasn't disappointed"
"Ahchoo!"
"Otters hold hands when they sleep."
"Just some sea otters holding hands so they don't drift apart"
"What a grand idea!"
"how I'd feel if I won Mega Millions"
"Still my all-time favorite pic. [FIXED]"
"Internal monologue."
"Spongebob"
"Spongebob  NOOOOO!"
"so was at a book store today..."
"was surfing on gifbin when suddenly..."
"How I see reddit when my original content goes nowhere but there are 22 reposts on the front page."
"The Reddit hivemind."
"There it is..."
"Creepy fucking make-up"
"God in a nutshell"
"Here is a photograph of Michael Jackson holding a large pair of underwear with two doves on his wrists."
"Photobombing Senor Sandy - Gangnam Style"
"Rapist Logic"
"I wish i was creative enough to even think about doing something like this."
"No or Yes? [gif]"
"&quot;No&quot; means &quot;Yes&quot;."
"....Maybe?"
"Yes or no"
"Anyone got any abandon thread gifs?"
"How the fuck? [fb]"
"Found this on my Facebook feed. Xd"
"Burt and Ernie IRL"
"Because fuck blankets"
"why you ask?"
"Evolutionary Art"
"Evolution Graffiti"
"Not the Mama  Not the Mama  Not the Mama!!!"
"$100 USD vs $100 CAN"
"In God We Trust  or Canada's new Monopoly Money."
"a happy stoat"
"Watch me jump!"
"After looking at the material for my required class this upcoming semester"
"Don’t know if this is the appropriate caption  but I thought it was funny  so I made it."
"My brother in-law made his cat a maze today from Officework boxes."
"Cat Maze [FIXED]"
"Nailed it."
"Lance Armstrong's career directed by Michael Bay"
"I think this'll make class much more enjoyable"
"Now I want some cereal"
"Cereal"
"a real G"
"How I feel as a cat owner  waking up to go onto reddit."
"I just found out that it's my cake day..."
"After my first visit to r/itas"
"pure epicness if you love zelda"
"25 years of Zelda"
"Was bored in class so I drew this"
"Google imaged my username. This was on the first page. I may be slightly disappointed..."
"The Resident Evil 6 cover looks like a girl giving head to a half man-half giraffe."
"The Resident Evil 6 cover looks like an armless girl giving head to a half man-half giraffe."
"The Universe is Larger Than You Think"
"A black scientist's most proud discovery."
"When a Nickelback song starts playing on my friend's iPod"
"Got her mid yawn [X-post from /r/PerfectTiming]"
"Be careful on the internet..."
"Taken just after a bee stings"
"Kenny Rogers is better then the Deftones."
"What madness is this?? My children will suffer from broken and bloody finger nails  just like I did."
"Words could not describe my happiness when I got these"
"Why?"
"Fun with photoshop"
"The scariest Halloween decorations ever."
"Well I think she sleeps..."
"Serious Chihuahua"
"You're sick... all of you"
"Wow  lucky he only just clipped the bi...OH MY GOD."
"EVERY FREAKING TIME"
"Gilligan"
"Look at this dog..."
"Are these Kosher?"
"Are you fucking serious?"
"Kids these days...Or should i say parents?"
"Snake's doing it wrong."
"Star nosed mole.. All I can see are fingers and vaginas."
"Lady falling down slide"
"Batman isn't the best prankster."
"Batman gives Spiderman a call."
"When Batman gets bored..."
"Scumbag Spiderman"
"*sniff*"
"How I used to spend my Saturdays...[FIXED]"
"They need to bring this franchise back."
"Catapult"
"My response to my girlfriend calling me to the boudoir for sexy time .... (SFW)"
"YAAAAAAY"
"What i do when a giant bug flies up to my face"
"The two most lovable things  Babies and Nutella"
"Worst.Blowjob.Ever (repost)"
"Deat Reddit I present to you a new storm pic from Dallas last night."
"Dear Reddit I present to you another storm pic from Dallas last night"
"Dear Reddit I present to you a new storm pic from Dallas last night"
"Ball: DENIED"
"Good."
"Watching one of my links gain karma"
"Baby Chameleon"
"So you like silly looking cats? How about my friend's shaved kitty?"
"Hug time mommy"
"So cute. A Lion Hug [705x1024]"
"I will keep you safe  little one"
"Every time I see this  I think of my parents."
"Sweet picture."
"Hands painted to look like real animals"
"Hands painted to look like real animals [x-post /r/pics] [pic]"
"Amazing painted hands!"
"swing  and a miss"
"The League of Shadows Dodgeball Team has extremely good prospects this year..."
"Dodgeball"
"How to downvote with style"
"High Five!"
"I see your cat high five and raise you..."
"What appears to be a high-fiving husky puppy"
"Found on r/funny. Thought it belonged here."
"I typed a friends name in to google images and this came up."
"Yay or Nay"
"My little girl cried after seeing this"
"Real Portraits of Disney Characters"
"Realistic Portraits of Disney Princesses (FIXED)"
"The only person that should be allowed to duckface"
"I have something for you..."
"So people have gotten butthurt about how much of a jackass spiderman is in these memes..."
"Oh My God! Who The Hell Cares!"
"some very interesting birds"
"this."
"This just made my day"
"Monkey sword fight you say?... yea quite"
"Gravity sucks."
"Not sure if repost but i thought it should be here"
"Problem Solved.... CALL ..."
"No longer will I have to worry about my hair getting in my food while I eat!"
"No longer will I have to worry about my hair getting in my food while I eat! [X-Post from /r/wtf]"
"If only there was something I could use to keep back my hair..."
"No longer will I have to worry about my hair getting in my food while I eat! [X-Post from /r/wtf]"
"I eat ramen  hear me roar!"
"Rocky Potter"
"Searched &quot;How to know if your contacts are inside out&quot; in google."
"I was watching the World Series when I realized..."
"That feel."
"When I realized my neutral face gives off a 'don't talk to me aura'"
"I miss the 90's."
"The 90's captured in a single image."
"Chocolate Covered Birdy"
"I don't know what to say..."
"My gay friend just sent this to me (A heterosexual male) Should I be running?"
"My first real WTF image. First saw it maybe 7 or 8 years ago. What's yours?"
"Cat Norris drop kicking baby"
"Kerning."
"Christmas Is About To Get Awkward..."
"Those F***ING lights. Typography fail."
"Made from auto parts by a sculptor in Thailand"
"Ever been knocked out so hard that your body went into auto-fap?"
"Moses  stop it!"
"Toll Moses Trolls."
"What is love?"
"What is love?"
"For The T-Shirtless Proletariat!"
"They see me rollin"
"So you're telling me I can control this without something going up my ass?"
"Don't leave!"
"Sweet baby Jesus  I love me some watermelon."
"Smooth Criminal"
"glasswing butterfly"
"Nature's beauty...the glasswing butterfly"
"I don't normally poop while away from home..."
"Monkey love his PRINGLLEEE"
"Monkey love his PRINGLLEEE"
"That zebra is a boss and he knows it"
"Curiosity Rover's self-portrait"
"Curiosity's latest self portrait"
"Number 5 is ALIVE!"
"Curiosity self portrait."
"Never bring a knife to a gun fight"
"When what i believe is a witty  and smart comment gets downvoted into oblivion in a matter of seconds."
"Someone needs to stop this madman."
"Anarchy!"
"The amount of destruction in this gif is truly beautiful"
"Fuck the police"
"Muslim anti-America riots rage in Canada"
"I wonder why he's getting written up..."
"How it feels to chew 5gum."
"Puberty: You're doing it right."
"Why cookie monster can't watch porn. (SFW)"
"never!"
"Looks like its foot o'clock"
"Walking The Dead"
"Hey mom  I'm home from school"
"MOM DID YOU MISS ME!!!"
"Go home bus"
"Bitch  I'm Home (xpost from /r/funny)"
"mom I'm home from school"
"Studying for finals"
"Exams are coming up ..."
"How I feel doing chores on a Sunday"
"How I feel when I'm going to work on Mondays"
"How I feel when I'm going to work on Mondays"
"What's in here?"
"Want some candy?"
"I found this and I left speechless."
"r/loseit in a nutshell"
"How I feel giving you fuckers an upvote."
"This is just cruel."
"Maybe all these weightloss posts getting so much karma could do some good..."
"Oh 4Chan!!! ( NSFW )"
"Did he die?! [gif]"
"Wise words."
"The meaning of the universe contained in a single sentence."
"Nice save"
"After about the 5th rejection"
"My Computer Needs This"
"What we all need."
"In the spirit of the olympics  a drop of water in front of a map"
"Drop of water in front of a map"
"Thats how you write a good Atheist joke !"
"Probably a repost  but it still makes me laugh whenever I see it."
"BLACK GIRLFRIEND!!!"
"It's a. Nice day  for a. WTF!"
"riding my bike through the aftermath of Boston's gay pride parade"
"Tornado in my backyard."
"How I feel after receiving a message saying I should be banned from /r/funny"
"Summary of my first year on reddit"
"Creative Picture with Fire!"
"pew pew pew"
"If You Wish Upon A Star..."
"I saved this as &quot;rainbow cum shots&quot;. I don't know what I was expecting."
"Bring WTF back to it's roots eh? Nailed it."
"I'm Jesusing"
"For Jesus  Walking on Water Has its Pros and Cons..."
"Jesus Swimming"
"Apple's response..."
"[REQUEST] Does Anyone have this larger and in higher resolution?"
"Modern Deadly Sins"
"Everybody On the Internet Are Sinners..."
"Waking up on mondays.."
"Probably the only Patrick I would like."
"Today (apparently is/was my Reddit Cake-day) this picture represents how I have felt this Summer"
"I've failed you guys..."
"Every online kid ever"
"What I imagine is going on in /r/nothin"
"Friday Nights"
"Shouldn't have had Taco Bell  Hulk. (x-post from r/comicbooks)"
"Just an amphibian WINNING an iPhone game."
"I was watching a movie in bed  got up for a drink and came back to find this..."
"I photoshoped my dog Kirby into a pack a wolves."
"I photoshopped my dog kirby into a pack of wolves (x/post from r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Scorpion's elusive love spear into hug combo"
"How I feel when there aren't any more good mortal kombat games"
"when I hit 5 000 karma"
"when I hit 5 000 karma"
"After making the front page twice in the last 2 days."
"When I try to explain what Cake Day is to someone who is not a redditor."
"I see what you did there"
"The Other Centaur"
"right after wiping your ass"
"Everytime this meme is reposted...."
"When I finish an assignment in class"
"RIP Jim Henson!"
"A very poignant photo of Kermit and Jim Henson"
"Baby fennec fox"
"Baby Fennec Fox"
"It's a bird. It's a plane. Wait  no  it's a WTF?"
"life."
"I think I just found my new wallpaper"
"As requested  here is an album of my Doctor Who wallpapers/FB cover photos. Enjoy!"
"Why I love fall in my home"
"great pic my gf took"
"So many unanswered questions.."
"how its made"
"Intergalactic Mr.T"
"Me every time I open my older brothers advanced theoretical physics text book."
"How I feel when I open my math textbook."
"How I feel when my gf tells me about her day"
"The dyslexic people of the world line the streets to give thanks to their god"
"This gets me everytime"
"Every dog has his day. (x-post from r/pics)"
"I wouldn't want to either."
"Starry Night - Vincent van Gogh -- now in 3D!"
"We are all made of stars"
"Starry Starry Night"
"I want this. I want this right now."
"I want this so hard."
"As a guy who works every weekend.."
"Oh Garrus [fixed]"
"As a butcher in a supermarket.."
"How I feel during family birthday parties."
"Every Halloween."
"Spent all morning on r/aww.."
"Take me out to the ball game"
"Once your in Nam nothing startles you"
"I'm sure that hurt"
"My last post got its first 100 upvotes.."
"Living in Ohio when people are talking about it"
"Stereotyping.."
"17. She is 17 years old."
"What is wrong with this photo?"
"This is what happens when you leave your car window slightly open in Asia  and a woman steals your car"
"The one time he needed it most..."
"The one time he needed it..."
"Metapod used harden..."
"Oh  Metapod. Just when we thought you couldn't be any more useless."
"Too soon? [FB]"
"Saw this in the kids clothes section..."
"Friend saw this in the juniors department."
"So I searched thing old rich people like for a project and this was the first result. (NSFWish)"
"this guy knows what's up"
"Why?"
"Chernobyl Ferris Wheel"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like eggs..."
"Somewhere on Earth  this guy is losing his shit right now."
"Bored in class. Everybody's done it once."
"The Bible explained."
"From Inside Tesla's Laboratory"
"Go home rainbow you're drunk."
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk."
"Go home rainbow. You're drunk."
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk. [xpost r/wtf]"
"Claptrap the dancing Robot - Borderlands 2"
"Saxtrap"
"Saxtrap(x-post from r/gifsounds)"
"Roboquest."
"Banana Art"
"Meanwhile  in Libya... [FIXED]"
"So this is a thing..."
"Unicorn cat"
"Unicorn cat"
"This cat does not look very happy..."
"Olivia Wilde vs Stephen Colbert"
"This make anyone else hot?"
"I call it... Rock Woman."
"When you see it... beautiful."
"My New Wallpaper. Amazing."
"I said NO FUCKING PHOTOS!"
"DIDNEYYY!"
"DIDNEY WORL?"
"The march of tyranny"
"I'll have one hot dog with everything"
"Fuck the police."
"4chan uses Hitler as a unit of measurement."
"Now even more gangsta."
"They are pretty damn fresh"
"Not sure how  but it seems to work"
"Zoom. Enhance. Dat face."
"I'd spelunk that."
"Forgot to tell the girlfriend 'when.'"
"I'll see your picture of Harrison Ford and raise you one of Simon Pegg on a girl's bike."
"Like a Boss ..."
"what is this I dont even..."
"Trapped a spider under the CD cover  next morning......."
"The Sunset Reflected in an Alligator's Eyes"
"Kitty Pew Pew"
"(Pvz) the the walking dead mashup"
"How I Feel When I'm Downvoted for Giving Advice"
"When I saw that the freecreditreport.com band was back."
"What the hell IS that!?"
"Apparently it's the best toy ever"
"Sexy ass &lt;3"
"I'd tap that [NSFW]"
"Perfect [NSFW]"
"WHAT HAVE I DONE?"
"The First...First"
"FIRST!!1!1"
"FIRST!!1!1 [EDIT]"
"The beautiful Orion Molecular Cloud Complex"
"Orion in Gas  Dust  and Stars"
"Hold on tight!"
"So  I was cleaning up my living room today and..."
"I like to go to r/spacedicks  post this  and then leave."
"This chick I was trying to get with started talking about how she doesn't believe in premarital sex and contraceptives"
"Walked in on my parents once..."
"Every time I click on a link before reading &quot;Warning: Gore&quot;"
"Today I walked into my kitchen to find 5 large black men getting their hair cut."
"When all the links are purple and I have nothing else to do"
"Pac Man in space"
"&quot;Hey! Who turned out the lights?&quot; (and gave me pills spiked with Vraxoin?) [x-post]"
"One of the happiest moments of MY life [Fixed]"
"Found this gem while looking for a picture of an evil sun. I don't even...."
"I need to stop Google searching shit. How is this a Chimera?"
"How I feel after clearing over 20 GB of data off of my computer."
"How i feel when i get the one big stall in a public restroom"
"How I feel moving from New York to Missouri"
"How I feel after losing 80lbs and hoping in the shower with the wife."
"Going from my phone to my laptop"
"Led Zepplin..."
"My reaction when my 13 year-old sister asked to join Reddit..."
"Every time someone asks to borrow my laptop..."
"When I found out Kristen Stewart was 15 in the Top 100 Hottesr"
"When my husband suggests anal sex"
"So they are adding invisibility potions.."
"These make me uncomfortable."
"The Pet Rock version 2.0"
"Nothing to see here  just some baby hedgehogs"
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this"
"Almost makes it worth it"
"Googled &quot;Motorcycle Horsepower&quot;  but accidentally hit enter at &quot;motorcyclehorse&quot;. Got this."
"Finishing a paper at 3 in the morning."
"I made tea."
"And not a single fuck was given"
"Laziness level &gt; 9000"
"Not a single fuck was given that day"
"Zero Fucks"
"I'm posting this hoping for some sauce."
"Life goes on"
"How I feel when I read a TIL on the front page that I already knew..."
"Leaning over the balcony "
"Oh  childhood..."
"The $50 Lesson"
"the $50 lesson."
"High five!"
"Talking with my athletic friend."
"Taps"
"I'm going to be upfront about this Reddit. Here's a cat gif.Cake day karma please."
"Step 1: You put the cat in the box"
"WTH!?"
"Oh you made the front page with a repost? Let me congratulate you!"
"Nothing like an original..."
"Cypher on Reddit Karma"
"How i feel when i realize the truth about karma"
"Just a heads up death."
"My running buddy"
"Running buddy (xpost aww/funny)"
"Being homeschooled my whole life  this is how i felt starting my freshman year at a public school... [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"This will blow your mind"
"Amazing street art"
"Seriously?!"
"Can't go to Dark Knight Rises until next weekend  this is how I envision my task for the next week to avoid spoilers"
"HIFeltW I heard my ex-girlfriend now deals meth"
"How I felt when I saw my ex on facebook and she gained a ton of weight"
"When a friend posted a link I wanted to post and then got downvoted to oblivion"
"powerful"
"So I googled &quot;handsome squidward....&quot;"
"When my hairstylist asked if I wash and blow dry my hair everyday."
"My response when my girlfriend asks why I don't wash the sheets after sex."
"When Post Is a Link to an Article"
"Whenever I Start to Watch Laggy .gifs"
"How I feel when people comment on my grammar."
"So Hostess is going out of business? What do you mean  &quot;No more Twinkies?&quot;"
"It's shit like this  Maury"
"A day at the spa"
"Can I just get dow...NOPENOPENOPE!!!"
"How I imagine Christians who try to start arguments in r/atheism"
"What I felt like venturing into r/spacedicks for the first time"
"Me trying to get karma."
"How hard can it be to use a treadmill?"
"Yep dats an exquisite ass"
"Men Being Men"
"Headbutt Lvl: Chi Chi"
"I got balls of steel"
"I got balls of steel"
"Balls of steel! (r/Gaming xpost)"
"I Got Balls Of Steel [X-Post from r\gaming]"
"I love it under here!"
"No words needed"
"Bring these back?"
"Turn out that light!"
"Hit the lights  please."
"Whenever I have to do a presentation in front of people"
"Me after spending too much time on /r/nosleep"
"Introducing  the Burning Dragon"
"hot hot hot hot!"
"I guess he's been training with the Graybeards"
"Invisible giant sits wherever he wants."
"How is this even possible? [Possible NSFW]"
"It's a bird it's a plane  ouch. (x-post from r/perfecttiming) [900x600]"
"Stephen Hawking experiencing zero gravity"
"Stephen Hawking in zero gravity"
"Goodnight Sweet Prince"
"RIP Big Tex"
"You guys from the State Fair of Texas don't worry  Big Tex is in a better place."
"This just popped up on my Facebook..."
"I Want To Believe"
"This is what happens when I stay up really late... O.o"
"I found this picture that I've apparently had for almost a year now..."
"Evolution at its finest!"
"Da bears"
"Wrong shirt choice for visiting day at convalescent home"
"Lost my shit at a [6]"
"Kith!"
"I hope he doesn't beat me up for this"
"What setting up two friends on a date is like."
"How I feel playing Universe Sandbox"
"Getting in a girls pants for the first time"
"Every time I talk about wine"
"My first day in management"
"Wrapping Christmas Presents"
"Played Jamestown today to get the achievement."
"Bought Soul Calibur 5 today."
"How I feel graduating from college in a month"
"I finally got Dota 2!"
"How I feel flirting with a girl after being in a relationship for 2 years."
"Every time my girlfriend asks me to do a load of her laundry."
"It's my cake day! This is what I've learned through one year of trying to gain karma on reddit."
"Cake Day?"
"Dear Esther"
"Talking to girls"
"Trying to dance with a girl in a club"
"Dis shit don't stop."
"The Last Supper [FIXED]"
"Team Romney is blasting off again!"
"Prepare for trouble and make it double! Wait... what?"
"Team Romney (ex-post from /r/pokemon)"
"Team Romney"
"Meowth  that's right"
"Thy come to serve  not get served."
"Intergalactic Planetary"
"This was the first thing I thought of when I saw this gif"
"I'll take this llama."
"So this showed up on my feed"
"But... you CAN touch your brain."
"Brilliant argument..."
"I had no idea a market existed for something like this."
"Why do I feel the need to buy this..."
"Can anyone think of a legitimate application for this?"
"Shit's on fire  yo"
"Shits on fire"
"Shit's on fire yo!"
"Yo..."
"r/birdswitharms....? I have no words about this either."
"How dead is Mitt Romney's Campagain?"
"Candy Cigarette"
"Godzilla+Glasses"
"cool dog"
"Cats need money too"
"When I'm driving to school  and I don't see anyone else on the road"
"What I imagine every time I see prom photos being taken on a bridge"
"Come on kids  lets all stand on this rickety bridge for a nice family photo"
"Let's get a family picture on this bridge! [X-Post from r/pics]"
"'Fly you fools!'"
"Am I a terrible person for laughing at this?"
"JIMMY! STOP JUMPING ON THE BRIDGE!"
"This tiger is gorgeous"
"R2D2 Keg. Pretty awesome!"
"I must've missed this scene in Star Wars. May the beers be with you!"
"Jedi vs Christians"
"Jedi vs Christians (x-post from /r/funny)"
"A handful of kitten"
"Pugnacity"
"I'm not sure if this is a repost  but it made me smile. [First]"
"Waiting for the brownies to kick in..."
"Hair swapped!"
"What do you mean he scored?"
"Every time I try to post something new instead of funny cats."
"An ant holding a microchip."
"I always seem to laugh at this"
"I'll just leave this right here..."
"Did a google image search of unicorn tattoos. Did not disappoint."
"Tu-nicorn"
"No words can describe"
"and from gladiators  into Swansons"
"When do we leave?"
"In loving memory....."
"He's right"
"Big Ears"
"You're doing it wrong"
"I was sure this was a miniature"
"Vacuum Kitty"
"reddit branded mop"
"TL;DR"
"How I feel after passing the final for a class without buying the book:"
"My reaction to Google's new  shorter  easier-to-read privacy policy"
"how i feel as a former catholic around my family during easter when they quote the bible and refrain from eating delicious meat"
"Whenever I see one of those long inspirational/atheist quotes"
"the kiss of death"
"Classic Who's Line is it Anyway"
"I must go! My people are calling"
"Can anyone name them all?"
"Getting no action.."
"Forever alone."
"Why males should have sex  or fap."
"Why men should fap."
"When I heard Origin will be on consoles for Mass Effect 3..."
"When someone told me toilet seat covers do absolutely nothing to protect you from disease..."
"You know something's wrong with you when you see the Flight Attendant suggest the seat next to yours to a person and the person responds like this (GIF):"
"I Love them Pizza's"
"Why I love being the Pringles marketing department today."
"Something was lost in translation here."
"Japan  you so crazy!"
"How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?"
"I think you've had a little too much"
"Saturday nigth!"
"Go home watermelon. You're drunk."
"Go home watermelon  you're drunk"
"Melon Dragon? (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Waiting..."
"Super high five."
"Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-high-5 (well  you get it!)"
"Story of the internet"
"But I have things to do tomorrow!"
"Dating in your late twenties"
"Japanese Game Show [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"So my friend just installed these awesome new 12 inch subs in his car"
"Vader Family [gif]"
"Best come-back ever."
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Knock my tray will you! (Probably has been posted before)"
"Instant Karma"
"Watch your step!"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Well...That's what you get for being a douche."
"Dem skills"
"When Someone Makes An Obvious Joke About My Name."
"Double major in ballet and bodybuilding"
"How I feel After A Big Dump"
"Bitch  i'm fabulous"
"Deal with it"
"Hot!"
"Handsome Squidward IRL"
"Falcon Punch to the vagina!"
"Fisting: You're doing it wrong."
"Falcon Punch!! (x-post from wtf)"
"DAWW! Duck feeds turtles!"
"probably a repost  But I love ducks"
"When I found out that I could upvote by pressing ‘A’"
"Yummy!"
"So there I was deep in the Karma mines of Google's Image province  when I stumbled upon this  uh  thing."
"I has too much works  beddytime!"
"Just a sleepy office-bunny"
"Shaved Alpaca. The longer you look  the funnier it gets. [PIC]"
"*EDIT* Shaved Alpaca. The longer you look  the funnier it gets. [PIC]"
"I googled &quot;vagina tattoos.&quot; I don't know what I was expecting  but it wasn't this..."
"Crazy cat lady starter kit."
"crazy cat lady starter kit"
"Equilibrium"
"Equilibrium"
"Equilibrium"
"When I Saw My Last Post Actually Got Upvoted"
"How I felt as an African-American discovering r/ghettojerk by pressing random."
"My exact reaction when I found out it was my cake day."
"My favorite gif. Ever. Of all time."
"Oh I'm just gunna eat some chips these nice people left fo- OH MY GOD NOO!!!!!!!!"
"How I get a free lunch....."
"How to get free Lunch...."
"How to get free Lunch"
"Facebook should just replace their Android app with this picture - it would be smaller and nobody would notice a thing"
"i laughed a little to hard at this"
"My greatest achievement"
"This just popped up in my Facebook feed. Almost everything I hate rolled into the one image."
"I have no words."
"SHUT THE FUCK UP!!"
"I don't even..."
"Saw this on FB. Your meme is bad and you should feel bad."
"Saw this on Facebook......are you kidding me?"
"Mike Rowe would be proud"
"Meme misuse; extreme edition"
"Saw this on my news feed... Made me say WTF and pissed me off"
"This shit has gone too far . . . [FB]"
"Facebook totally understand memes"
"WTF  women?"
"Christianity is a religion of peace."
"It never gets old."
"Religion  a synopsis"
"But then..."
"Choo Choo"
"So I was typing in random URL's on imgur when..."
"I would really like to know who gave them funding for this"
"After a week of agonizing pain  and about $467 because of no health insurance  I finally was able to get some pain meds for my incredibly painful ear infection."
"I now find this option very useful."
"If this replaced that scene in Alien  maybe my girlfriend would watch it."
"I couldn't find them  until I decided to search the bathroom..."
"Friend left his account open. Instead of being a douche  I give you this."
"shut up and take my money"
"Then  there's Denny [Pic]"
"Story of my life..."
"How should your drunken nights out end"
"So this is how my morning started [FIXED]"
"Found this on Facebook"
"Is she spinning clockwise or counter-clockwise?"
"not mine but hilarious"
"Romantic teddy bear."
"Kitty yawning"
"How i felt as a Brit during Reddit downtime"
"My face when I realized I missed my first cakeday due to the first day of classes."
"Saw this on my Facebook newsfeed. I never thought of it like this."
"Morning dew"
"Ladybug in the morning dew."
"We live in a beautiful world"
"I can relate to that."
"Good Grief  Charlie Brown."
"Logging on to reddit and finding out you made the front page"
"Dubstep? Dubstep."
"Dubstep"
"Phil's thoughts"
"&quot;I was not able to reattach the TOP half of her body to the BOTTOM half of her body.&quot; ... He was  however  able to throw something together."
"saw this on facebook  and yes  I thought it was funny"
"Sneaky..."
"I better check it!"
"Browsing reddit with a load of purple links."
"This made me laugh more than it should have"
"Reddit in one picture"
"&quot;People always ask me if i know Tyler Durden&quot; by Emiliano Morciano *SPOILER*"
"What I look like in clubs."
"How to kill a horker with speechcraft."
"That's... that's... just terrible!"
"I always knew Steve Jobs was an ass hole!"
"How can you say you love her if you don't..."
"It was a fun birthday party"
"How I feel when the links are blue again after a friend turned them all purple."
"I f*cking LOVE birthdays!!"
"How i felt after finding out it was Cakeday"
"As soon as I finished manually installing the cache and heard the log-in screen music"
"Everyone at r/games when someone brings out Steam Sale"
"Lester Freamon's 9th birthday."
"When my roommate says &quot;I saved you some Mac &amp; Cheese in the pot on the stove&quot; ..."
"Craving something you are out of and finding out your s/o bought more earlier that day"
"MFW I was checking out reddit this morning and realized it was my cake day."
"MRW ScalpelBurn comments in a thread."
"Oh baseball..."
"Stealing home  like a boss."
"Tits or GTFO"
"Not sure if being mean or helping?...."
"How I feel downvoting something with 0 points"
"Lion King real life !"
"And this is why i don't trust anyone."
"What is happening here?"
"Awesome Escalator Trick"
"escalators"
"...planking? Yeah  let's go with that."
"How to deal with bad asses: Major Corporation Edition"
"Australian supermarket reponds to customer on Facebook"
"Sounds a bit like my ex."
"As a recent exmuslim  I just want to THANK YOU all. Thanks to all you infidels  I have found a new love..."
"Thank you  r/atheism  for this."
"this will give you a good idea of what life will be like after 2012"
"Well this is the best gif I've seen this week!"
"Homestuck fandom's reaction to EOA going 100%"
"My reaction after getting 2 upvotes"
"jesus camp."
"Skrillex and dubstep these days..."
"The great moment when you get the red ring of death  and the next day it's gone."
"Coolest Liquor / Wine cabinet I've ever seen."
"Getting one upvote and a bunch of downvotes on a new post..."
"[Album] Paul Mccartney 1957-2012"
"Need a Valentine?"
"Why not Zoidberg?"
"It is."
"One of my favorite pics on the Internet"
"Has this ever been a good idea? [gif]"
"How I feel when I'm downvoted"
"What getting help from Reddit is like"
"Just because you can doesn't mean you should"
"What is going on here?"
"Timmy Turner all grown up."
"Who will be haunted in their sleep after watching this?"
"Probably a repost but this is my favorite gem from family guy"
"Today a giraffe escaped from a circus in Imola (Italy). A pic worth many internets."
"Last month  a giraffe escaped from a circus in Imola (Italy). A pic worth many internets."
"Canadians and their mooses."
"Just enjoying a nice day of hunting!"
"Going to get a fish just for this."
"This just makes me nervous"
"Someone has vanity issues."
"Why yes I do look fabulous."
"James Wilkes Booth"
"Awkward Advertisement Placement"
"Dead 150 years  can't catch a break."
"How it really happened..."
"Meanwhile on china airways"
"Angry Birds Explained"
"Most legit certificate ever."
"Took a wrong turn on the Internet... Again...."
"Searched Google images for the &quot;World's longest neck.&quot; Got about fifteen results of this instead..."
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth"
"A child's skull before their baby teeth fall out."
"Child's skull before baby teeth fell out..."
"At least he's honest"
"Surprise Mothafucka"
"Two words that have a lot of flexibility."
"Being 6'2&quot;  how I feel when then couch is taken up and I have to lay down on the love seat..."
"If it fits I sits"
"this is why they need to continue community"
"Anybody got a clever title for this?"
"Alex Morgan's Hit On Jenny Bindon With Andy Gray Commentary."
"Alex Morgan's Hit On Jenny Bindon With Andy Gray Commentary. [x/post from /r/soccer]"
"What a guy."
"cheating bastards."
"Spongebob Logic..."
"My reddit posts to date"
"Bronies vs. Benders  Day 3"
"This always made me laugh."
"&quot;nice&quot; &quot;hot&quot; Cup of &quot;coffee&quot;"
"Just thought it fit"
"I really love this pool [540x443]"
"So I Googled LeVar Burton..."
"9gags original content"
"NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"And then I was Derpina. (Credit to SiegeRedwolf on DeviantArt)"
"She's Real! (Source in comments)"
"Real Life Derpina"
"Derpina irl."
"And then she was Derpina."
"Derpette In Real Life"
"Ladies and gentleman  my bestfriend."
"how lovely"
"I see you"
"Holy Crap! You can find Jesus in the strangest places"
"Duuude... wait... is that... Jezus Christ!!!"
"Kind of reminds me of walking on water..."
"Dragonborn Jesus"
"How I feel about my bank account after a few months without a girlfriend..."
"Michael Phelps loves winning!"
"this chimpanzee is one of us"
"Think  think  think"
"UH-HUHUHUHUHUHUH"
"What a great way to bring in business..."
"Whenever I click on an image link  without noticing it's from WTF..."
"When I see my ex enter the room"
"Sleepy Kitteh"
"how i feel after a night of partying."
"Need more badges."
"Need more badges"
"a level 65 orca appears (x-post from /r/pokemon)"
"The blackest man I have ever seen"
"Can you nazi the difference?"
"BEST. PRANK. EVER."
"How to prank your friends (Fixed)"
"Such a funny prank!"
"Curiosity taking its own Pic [FIXED]"
"Anyone who's taken his or her own picture for a Facebook profile page will know how tricky it is to do what NASA's Curiosity rover just did: It turned one of its 17 cameras around on itself and took a snapshot of its very own &quot;face on Mars.&quot;"
"Curiosity takes self-pic. Can you find its face?"
"I bet you do buddy  I bet you do."
"Thug live"
"LEAKED source code of reddit's upvote/downvote algorithm"
"Correction"
"Puppy tastes lime"
"limes taste funny"
"OMGWHATTHEHELLISTHIS"
"How my girlfriend reacts when she tries something new"
"I have the same reaction every time I drink Tequila."
"time for noms.. Aww WTF is this?!?!"
"puppy tastes a lime."
"Ottersmashsandwich."
"I find it impossible to be in a bad mood every time I see this picture."
"Otterly Adorable!"
"Well  that's pretty darned cute."
"Otters"
"r/aww doesn't have nearly enough otters"
"...just aced my paper on a book we were assigned in English"
"In bed at 3am on a monday night realizing i forgot to do my homework [fixed]"
"Kinect game tutorials"
"I hate to say it  but many Christian's view on the bible can be summed up in the following picture."
"When opening my bio textbook."
"me and my friends when the teacher says &quot; I assume you all read Ch.5&quot;"
"Whenever I agree to Terms and Conditions"
"Shit free refills"
"Put your finger in your ear and wiggle. [gif]"
"Wakka Wakka Wakka"
"I could do this all day"
"When I don't want to use the hand dryer"
"How I Looked Like Dancing To This Song At The Club"
"Buscemized"
"I don't know what it is about Steve Buscemi's eyes..."
"One word WTF !"
"How I feel after a long day at work"
"Psy - Right in the Childhood"
"The worst wingman or the best wingman?"
"Death is the best wingman."
"Aw yeah death check dat out"
"Why Reddit's Olympic shooting logo is funny..."
"Favelas of Brazil. The boundary between wealth and poverty."
"Rich vs. Poor"
"I just found this. I have no words."
"I'm shopping at the wrong WalMart"
"Is this what I'm supposed to do for my reddit birthday?"
"Opportunistic dog"
"Whenever I'm late for work."
"The difference between All-Wheel Drive and Rear-Wheel Drive - Top Gear style. (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"Bare feet on tiles vs. Socks on tiles"
"Top Gear"
"How most of the internet feels (fixed)"
"Spongebob  nooooo!"
"Searched spongebob..found this work of art"
"Now THIS is art!"
"I have the best idea ever"
"Guys just hear him out!"
"Hey Guys..."
"Guys  guys  Guys listen"
"Guys  hear me out guys."
"guys listen"
"Guys.. I have and ide.. Guys listen"
"It's nearly that time of year again"
"I always liked that song"
"Sleigh bells ring  are you listening  In the lane  snow is glistening A beautiful sight  We're happy tonight"
"A beautiful sight  we're happy tonight"
"Cassini image of Saturn eclipsing the Sun [4725x2330]"
"How i feel living in the UK and having to wait till the 21st for Borderlands 2"
"Yeahyuhhh!....... Awhhhh fuck.."
"Idea  Reddit. Target  Girlfriend. Execution  Flawless. Thank you Reddit!"
"If we fitz we sitz."
"Happy Sinko de Meow!"
"Just some kittens in a sink"
"why?"
"Ladies and gentlemen  I present to you...uhh...this."
"What do you get when you cross a Pickle with Nicolas Cage?"
"MissingNO"
"Harry Potter  First Days of Filming"
"This is a Maned wolf."
"This gorgeous creature is not photoshopped. Its legs are naturally that hauntingly long. The Maned Wolf."
"I think we all wish this girl was in our class."
"Portrait of 3 Little Pig's Dad"
"Car Problems"
"As a non-sports-fan  oh god what's going on"
"After a successful day of karma whoring."
"For giving us all Reddit..."
"How I feel at 3 AM after reading all of r/funny"
"Surprised Red Panda"
"When I got caught wanking... (first)"
"When my parents walked in on me fapping"
"When someone walks in on some &quot;self-lovin&quot;"
"Nice ass!"
"Nice ass!"
"a lab-grown Bismuth crystal"
"Those are all nice rocks  but this is Serious Bismuth"
"Solitaire"
"Reason reddit is better than facebook"
"First meme my dad has ever sent"
"There's an evil mastermind at my university.."
"There's an evil mastermind at my university.. [FIXED]"
"How it feels being new to reddit"
"This was the shit when I was a kid"
"Halloween - &quot;It's the Great Pumpkin  Charlie Brown&quot;"
"Finally made it to the Mun. Jeb was ecstatic."
"I'd like to thank my 1st grade classroom and this game for introducing me to computer games. [FIXED]"
"Something's off..."
"DO NOT WANT"
"Crazy water"
"Oh  Crap! WATER!?!?!?!"
"I live on the rough side of town"
"I feel so relieved"
"Ding Dong.....OH MY GAWD...phew"
"Excellent Choice"
"What i imagine Reddit meetups are like"
"When I try to light up a joint in private at a party"
"That's it. I'm done. Get me off of this planet."
"Memes"
"scissors"
"My kind of party!"
"Pants on fire"
"Reddit Police [FIXED]"
"Joke Democratic presidential candidate Vermin Supreme glitterbombing anti-gay activist Randall Terry."
"Candidates Vermin Supreme and Randall Terry at a New Hampshire presidential debate... I'll let you guess which one is which"
"And for my next magic trick"
"Tit Controller"
"meanwhile is japan"
"The Spin Cycle..."
"Why can't I eat these noodles dot gif"
"asian jackass"
"I request the highest of fives!"
"NINJA CAT!!!"
"Facewaves."
"The Igloo Village in Kakslauttanen  Finland"
"Even the dog doesn't want her."
"The mighty Nicholas Cage produces dubstep."
"Skrage"
"nicholas cage as skrillex"
"Fucking Wings!"
"Evolution is a bitch..."
"I see what you did there"
"You had no childhood..."
"Red Panda ^_^"
"That seems pretty inappropriate."
"Coked up Kids"
"Everyone's favorite childhood game."
"Whose Line Is It Anyway?"
"This boy has his priorities in order."
"I guess nature really does provide for everything"
"Hipster Level 99"
"All-natural umbrellas are the best"
"Spiderman's Swag"
"Whenever I see someone who has &quot;swag"
"Epic Face Swap."
"Got two two cookies  they tricked me into taking an oatmeal raisin. What kind of monster does this?!"
"Swag"
"He's doing the lord's work."
"Baby monkey's are adorable! Also  smart."
"OH YEAH!!"
"And it was at that sticky  low calorie moment that my parents choose to pull into the driveway"
"Diet coke and sex shouldn't mix"
"Is this real life?"
"Is this real life.."
"I often find myself asking this..."
"Fantasies sometimes come true in reality"
"Is this the real life?"
"Is this the real life?"
"WTF Tattoo [NSFW]"
"Putting his hood on like a boss"
"See.. He was just getting cold and had to put his hood up."
"Close enough"
"I never looked at it this way before..."
"Are we allowed to repost that Taylor Swift photoshop this week? (Alabama/LSU)"
"If only this was real"
"Your move Taylor... - Imgur"
"Time to pay up Taylor"
"Lovin that banana."
"How I feel when my new posts has no votes..."
"How I feel surfing Reddit without RES or AlienBlue"
"me when I check on posts I've submitted to reddit"
"Four of the top five posts on the front page are about cats  i've seen enough"
"Whenever my friend shows something nasty online"
"Evolution of Link's Swords throughout the series"
"Check out this spider's badass mobile home."
"Look what I saw at the bus stop the other day."
"His sadness pours out"
"BAFF TIME!"
"My friends dog really likes baths"
"Anyone up for some fruit?"
"15 Year old Osama Bin Laden with his family in Dublin."
"Googled Unicorn Cat....I was not disappointed"
"When your really innocent friend says something sexual"
"Whenever I realize something after 5 minutes..."
"Reddit of the sea"
"Reddit in RL"
"Reddit alien in RL"
"A dried sting ray carcass"
"Dried up shovel-nose shark carcass."
"Just finished my last shift in the military"
"Hmm  r/spacedicks sounds interesting...wha- nvm."
"Immediately after fapping"
"Trying to fix a mistaken up/down vote on a touchscreen."
"I did Nazi this coming at all."
"Came across this while looking for wallpapers... WTF."
"Pretty in pink?"
"Better than iOS maps"
"When I'm playing League of Legends and people realize I'm a girl."
"How I imagine it feels being the only woman at a party"
"Oh god the terror of hotdogs (Amnesia TDD + Hotdog attack)"
"You sir  win this year's halloween costume contest."
"That's one tall  strong baby!"
"Smoke Angel  Compliments of the USAF"
"Smoke Angels"
"The Flying Spaghetti Monster Appears!"
"Without a doubt  my favorite .gif"
"As a new-ish redditor this is how I felt when I went to bed at 23 Karma and woke up to 110+......."
"Alien vs Predator"
"i know somewhere here is responsible for this"
"How to catch a hotdog"
"Winter in Canada"
"Goat Going for a Ride"
"Missed you bro!!!!"
"He must be a redditor"
"Wasps and Windex"
"Me as I watch my cakeday posts..."
"Abandon mill from 1866. I'd explore the shit out of this."
"The reason why people should not sleep at beaches"
"How I feel trying to do anything at a [7] and above"
"Bidoof used Headbutt! It's not very effective..."
"Bidoof used Headbutt! It's not very effective..."
"A clever disguise."
"Master of disguise"
"With all the reposts I figured I would repost my favorite post that has yet to be reposted."
"I win  r/WTF: Extreme face washing."
"A convenient way to moisturize your face on the go"
"Through the Yarn and the Catnip"
"Stop drinking from the FUCKING jug."
"Nice try."
"Seems legit."
"Vader's new girlfriend"
"Happy Birthday Jack Nichol- oh  okay"
"How I feel as a San Diegan working near downtown without a Comicon pass..."
"How I feel after attempting to post my first forum and getting brutally attacked"
"When my post gets buried immediately..."
"That moment when..."
"What Chinese netizens think of the new iPhone 5"
"This never works for me..."
"When I see a relationship status change to &quot;single&quot;."
"wut"
"Before the lock was invented..."
"Old time fapping"
"That should fix it!"
"The bigger picture"
"Ok I know what the first girl is doing  but what is the 2nd girl doing?"
"Brian: most convinced atheist"
"Never thought of it that way"
"Noticed this whole watching FG last night"
"Dawn of the Final Year"
"Reminder for everyone  Game of Thrones season 2 is tonight!"
"Better late than never."
"Sunrise Reflected in a Bubble  Norway"
"sunset reflection"
"Norwegian Sunrise reflected in a Bubble!"
"This is the America I love"
"A friend posted this on his facebook. We need more of this in America..."
"Angry birds....."
"How I feel anytime I post something from Reddit to my FB/Twitter and another redditor sees it"
"ok class  now find x or i'll rip your skins off"
"Our math teacher said he needed to impose his authority over the class... Mission accomplished."
"When your mom leaves the house for the day."
"With this tornado  I will rule the world"
"Sheep ring activated"
"Sheep ring activated!"
"Possibly the creepiest shadow I've ever seen"
"It all makes sense now."
"DAE ATHEISM GABEN TF2 PC MASTER RACE with their LOGIC?"
"Non-toxic Gallium has a melting temp below your body temp..."
"BOOP"
"Probably has been posted before  but made me laugh anyway."
"BOOP!"
"Blatant Repost from an AskReddit Thread."
"Hey cat"
"Imma boop your head!"
"Boop!"
"Hey cat"
"Imma boop your head! [6 hours]"
"*BOOP*"
"Couldn't stand for ten minutes because I was laughing so hard"
"Imma boop your head"
"How Gaben must be right now."
"There's no way like the American way!"
"Oh irony."
"There's no way like the American way!"
"I was told to google this..."
"Go ahead  call him Creepy or Condescending."
"Oh what a cheer! Willy Wonka is here!"
"Whenever theists ask me to give their beliefs any respect."
"Reddit's reaction whenever I post anything."
"Look at this!!!"
"Look at you! Have you been following me this whole time?"
"C-C-C-Combo Breaker! [GIF]"
"When I want to make a comment on a post and someone else already said it."
"What happens every time someone tells me to &quot;Go with the flow&quot;."
"Scumbag Whale"
"It's my time to shine!"
"I finally got this today  I felt accomplished."
"I should have posted this a year ago"
"Catch...!"
"i think my cat is trying to tell me something..."
"i think my cat is trying to tell me something..."
"Clever."
"Oh no you Di'int"
"I just... I just don't know.."
"Family .gif-ture."
"mhmmmmmm"
"I craw so hard"
"Invisible lats"
"How I feel after lifting some weights at the gym."
"When my mediocre post gets upvoted."
"When my mediocre post gets upvoted."
"Felt like this after my sexy times"
"Me when my best friend breaks up with his girlfriend while I'm in the same room."
"If you can find something that this is an appropriate reaction to  feel free to use this gif."
"Ground control to major dog"
"Ground control to major dog"
"Ground control to major dog.."
"Ground control to major dog"
"Ground control to major dog"
"Don't we all just want to fly away?"
"Rocky women"
"Oh yeah  that's the spot [Fixed]"
"Oh yeah  that's the spot [gif]"
"What I do when someone wants to fight me"
"COME AT ME BRO"
"Transformers IRL"
"I intend to spend the next 4 months working on this. Halloween  you're mine this year."
"How I feel when I see a TIL on the front page that I already knew  and could have posted."
"Mfw I missed my cakeday for the second year in a row.."
"When i see the same repost on the FrontPage on the same month."
"MRW clearing recent history and logging into reddit to see all blue links I've already spent all morning reading"
"View of our Galaxy from Earth"
"Contender for Astronomy Photographer of the Year 2012 The Milky Way from the Uludag National Park in Turkey"
"Perfect sorting at the thrift store."
"8-bit dance"
"Bits n stuff"
"I feel paranoid even looking at this"
"Well  this just WTF'd me [crosspost /r/gifs]"
"He loves getting his tummy rubbed."
"Baby Polar Bear"
"A polar bear cub being tickled... just as adorable as it sounds."
"RUN"
"dat rectum (nsfw)"
"Wasn't expecting that...Do not want (NSFW)"
"Photographer Corey Rich shooting free climber Alex Honnold."
"Might be faked"
"Is it just me or is this giraffe receiving a blowjob from a manatee?"
"Yawn"
"Not the best idea for r/aww"
"Fapsock"
"My contribution to &quot;WTF Revival 2k11&quot;"
"Go to the pet spa  they said. Try this new hair cut  they said."
"Is there any reason why I shouldn't shave my cat like this?"
"Kitty?"
"Guard Goose"
"&quot;That's it guys  i'm done for the day..&quot;"
"I'll wait here"
"time out"
"Unleash your inner sadist..."
"RollerCoaster tycoon tragedy"
"Just when you think you've figured it out..."
"The X-files"
"Canadian Standoff"
"Canadian Standoff"
"Canadian Standoff (x-posts r/canada)"
"Super Panda"
"You can do it panda!!"
"How it feels getting up early in the morning."
"When my girlfriend asks if I would stay with her if she got pregnant."
"Expectations..."
"Disney vs porn"
"I see what you did there.."
"Oh Charlie!"
"Human Flamingo"
"Volcano in Chile"
"Just amazing..."
"Well fuck you too then..."
"Dog Walker"
"He knows how to handle bitches"
"Tim's reply"
"Actually had this happen with a homeless gay"
"Hey Tim."
"for nothing!!"
"The original &quot;stahp&quot;."
"Gandalf"
"Spiders migrate up into trees after flood in Pakistan. Fuck that."
"you are here"
"FREEZE"
"Practicing his stealth [fixed]"
"I'm a turtle!"
"I'm a turtle!"
"I'm a turtle!"
"Solid Snake Kitteh"
"How I feel as a Catholic Boy Scout these days"
"The book created for Redditors"
"childhood.....not ruined at all?"
"&quot;fuck. my. life.&quot;"
"Shaquille O'Neal With Giant Panda"
"Behold!"
"Shaq holding a Panda."
"Pug Life"
"By Far  the Best 16 Dollars I Have Ever Spent"
"Before and after"
"I give you: Vladimir Putin making balloon animals."
"maybe he's just a misunderstood  birthday clown."
"Happened about an hour ago."
"Pull over"
"Can I get a gif of this scene including Lloyd's line &quot;Yeah  killer boots Man!'"
"A rare and frightened creature returning to it's corner..."
"A rare and frightened creature returning to it's natural habitat."
"Billy Mays on money."
"Genie sex"
"What 4chan thinks of Gabe"
"10/10 would bang (xpost from r/gaben)"
"Everyday I'm Shufflin'"
"Awww Yeeaaahh"
"My first post  so here you guys go."
"Every day..."
"Dancing Zebra"
"How I feel on my Cake Day"
"50 karma in a day? Calls for a celebration!"
"When I found out it was my cakeday today"
"Like he gives a fuck."
"I'm a woman's man. No time to talk."
"I'd like to submit a new gif for 'Mind Blown'..."
"Mind = Blown"
"Mind Level: Blown."
"being a dragon born hasn't prepared me for this."
"DROP IT"
"Drop it"
"Silo collapses"
"Redditors across the globe during the recent downtime."
"How I feel when I see PDA"
"When I found out it was my 5 year Cake Day today..."
"Finally got 10 000 total views on Youtube"
"I just discovered this show"
"Why I date black women"
"Nature."
"Rainbow leaf beetle"
"I was helping my little brother with a science project. It was on sea horses. Google gave us this."
"Every time I read &quot;This is a picture of my friend...&quot;"
"Well  when you put it that way..."
"How to get every true false question right on a test"
"a joey saying hi from his mother's pouch"
"Lost Dawg"
"Lost Dawg"
"A little snack for this beast"
"Chimps Against Racism!"
"I'll beat a motherfucker..."
"That's A Lot of Coffee For You  Little Boy."
"Three kids  a mortgage  a no-good husband  and now this..."
"Hey baby  losing isn't so bad..."
"Ice Scream"
"I completely agree"
"The infamous high jump"
"What ACTUALLY happens when I post something I think is good."
"High Jump Fail"
"So Many Options  What to chose..."
"Hmmm  which one today..."
"I heard you like spiders (nsfw)"
"Yes!... wait.. nope! Who puts that there?"
"I doubt she is from reddit. (NSFW)"
"Patrick"
"Bathroom with glass floor built above an abandoned elevator shaft"
"Now I know where the Priest get it...."
"Hand of God"
"High Art."
"How the..."
"Friend is a bartender  got this check back. $138 tab and the &quot;single mom&quot; excuse."
"That doesn't make it okay..."
"I didn't want to sleep tonight anyways (post your best NOPE gif!)"
"3...2...1...Happy New Year..."
"Yes it does work"
"say hello repostenforcer"
"in honor of hanskywalker"
"Hello?"
"Why god never received a Ph.D"
"Why God never received a PhD"
"7 hours"
"This is still my Favorite Call of Duty Game"
"Idaho is bad ass."
"Yeah  more or less."
"'Murica - they see me rollin'"
"Hey Steve  Check out this cool trick I saw on the internet"
"Remember the Atomic Sit-up? Meet Atomic Planking."
"Trust."
"Is this really the best they've got?"
"Cookie cutter shark...not the name I would have chosen."
"The original first person shooter"
"The most feared assassin [FIXED]"
"What reddit reacts like when I say that my facebook friends don't post memes"
"How I feel going from /r/video to /r/funny"
"When I see a hilarious post and find out in the comments it was a repost "
"This Guy Is My Hero."
"What I think of when people tell me climate change is a hoax..."
"You can't beat that kind of logic"
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"My girlfriend told me I should go out with my friends on Friday night and that she would just stay home and watch tv"
"my thoughts after coming home from the bars to find my cousin's ex and her female friend asleep in my bed"
"Fun with Jesus."
"Teacher here: Every time a student tells me they don't need my help"
"When I heard that Heidi Klum and Seal were getting divorced."
"This must be the most Interesting Ginseng Plant In The World."
"pokemon...FUCK YOU  NOBODY CARES!"
"My reaction after witnessing the today's r/WTF"
"We all do it"
"Most of us do it."
"The sad truth about Minnesota"
"Who made this?"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"Russian dancing man"
"White People [FIXED]"
"How I Feel After Seeing Atrocities Committed In The Name Of Religion"
"Lets Play Super Chuck Norris"
"Hello  I'm Mr Ed."
"Horse on a quest to eliminate humanity."
"Cthulhu for president"
"Is there a political party for this? [x-post r/pics]"
"Don't settle for a lesser evil."
"They're on to us!"
"Looking through draining oil."
"Big man in the sky"
"Oh no...the bible thumpers have irrefutable evidence about the existence of God...oh whatever will we do?!"
"Facebook nowadays..."
"I hope we can this time..."
"Come on Facebook"
"Somewhere in this world  this doctor is waiting for you to do your bit"
"If you played with this guy a lot  You were probably the younger sibling."
"How I feel when I open the jar without my boyfriend's help..."
"Funky Town Mashup"
"Every single conversation !"
"Child's skull with baby teeth and adult teeth"
"I can't be the only one.."
"Whenever I use the handicapped stall in the bathroom."
"When I park in the garage compared to my wife"
"Superman's Super Antics!"
"Need a manicure idea? Why not Zoidberg?"
"We could explore the galaxy if only..."
"He's Got the Whole Star in His Hands"
"The most accurate forecast for hurricane Sandy [FIXED]"
"Shit."
"Me after walking in on my roommate having sex."
"These aren't my glasses. [Fixed]"
"35 years separates these two pictures."
"I got your back bro"
"City Workers..."
"After a night of heavy drinking  this is how I feel about every post."
"Oh  It's Just My Pool..."
"the best pool ever"
"[10] (repost from gifs)"
"Troy's candy cigarette case (x-post from gifs)"
"Underwater Doggy"
"I'm coming for ya  buddy!"
"Saw this sign today and I couldn't agree more!"
"shes comingggg....."
"The cause of your nightmares."
"You weren't planning on sleeping tonight anyway..."
"Overly Attached gf: well im not sleeping anymore"
"This Will Haunt Me..."
"My Brother set this as my background  Fuck you bro!"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend likes oldies music."
"I feel like this belongs here."
"So this is how I die."
"I want to thank whoever it was that made this creepy masterpiece...no more sleep."
"Creepy Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"This person has to be a stunt guy forever [Gif]"
"Felt it went"
"Hardcore Parkor"
"Hardcore Parkour"
"Oh Obama  you so crazy"
"My favorite picture of the president."
"Best Presidential photo ever"
"Why I wish I had a twin."
"How I feel about the recent Atheism / Theism war (Where is your science now?)"
"makes you think"
"I think we can all agree who our real God is"
"Makes sense to me..."
"I know which God I believe in"
"I think Thor is more reliable."
"how i feel on reddit"
"Reddit Heaven"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Reddit in a nutshell..."
"How I feel browsing through my music library with 3000+ songs"
"When I find out I'm paired with a hot girl on a school project"
"Field Runners 2  calling me out."
"Phobos takes a bite out of the sun."
"Curiosity photographs Mars's tiny moon Phobos transiting the Sun and partially eclipsing it on Sept 13"
"True."
"That's gonna leave a mark."
"Oh  Youtube.."
"Terrorizing a dollhouse"
"If this is Wills mom"
"How I feel most weekdays."
"How I feel most days working in IT"
"Just another one of those days in the office on a Saturday"
"How I feel after browsing over 700 posts at work."
"after being on my pc for hours when suddenly a fly lands on my arm"
"Cat Norris"
"Best way to Relax in the cold Weather."
"Because FUCKYOU  that's why (panda GIF)"
"How I feel down voting new submissions"
"looking back  their divorce should not have been a surprise to anyone."
"Damn  this guy loves his tortoise."
"I'm missing my turtle!"
"Seems like a cool ass tortoise.."
"The soup of the day..."
"Soup of the Day in Texas"
"&quot;Home taping is killing record industry profits!&quot; [pic]"
"Oh you..."
"Disposable canvas"
"If you're going to post another &quot;X years. This is X years old&quot; post..."
"I've been watching the DailyShow lately and this is what I think whenever a government official says anything based in religion"
"What the US uniforms should have been [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"It's still your move England..."
"'Merica!"
"Teddy Roosevelt vs. Bigfoot. Your argument is invalid"
"Guess who's back!!!!!"
"When you see it"
"damn girl you are so.... wait a minute."
"The reason why most men go to the Gym"
"Eminem"
"Eminem"
"She ain't even mad"
"meat our baby"
"?"
"Meowstache"
"I don't know how I've never seen this  but it looks to be right up reddit's alley."
"Looked up &quot;Average Redditor&quot; on google... seems about right."
"who I like to believe created Reddit"
"Googled &quot;how to make reddit front page&quot; was not disappointed"
"Searched God of Reddit  was not disappointed."
"Typed in King of reddit on google images  was not disappointed."
"Found this in an /r/helpit thread"
"Hank Hill on Christian Rock"
"First attempt at gifsound  made me laugh"
"Deep  man. Ice Canyon  Greenland."
"If you could stop time ..."
"An artist's interpretation of what it must have looked like when Van Gogh painted &quot;Starry Night&quot;"
"it's not just humans who like to visit the safari"
"Smarmy bastard"
"Why don't you just sit yo fine ass down &amp; tell me what you want for Christmas ;)?"
"Come at me bro!"
"Would you?"
"sounds about right"
"from Hitler to Super Wizard(Fixed)"
"I see your fingernail length chart and raise you a beard length chart"
"Water."
"After a long workout"
"Asked mom to buy a few popsicles......"
"Fuck alcohol  my friend has his priorities straight"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"How I feel when I post something and three seconds later it's already got a downvote."
"How I feel every time one of my links gets down voted"
"I completely forgot about my cakeday while I was packing for college."
"I was trying to look something up and found this. Army men at work."
"Missin Feesh!"
"MISSIN FEESH!"
"I dunno his name  but..."
"You know you did it."
"You did  didn't you?"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"What happened here?"
"It's hard to imagine a context that would make this picture make sense."
"Just going for a ride on the subway"
"I have never been more turned on in my life [NSFW]"
"Both sad and disgusting"
"So  there is a massive riot that has been happening in Sydney today  and this was one of the fellow &quot;mini&quot; protestors."
"Using Children to spread hate"
"Spotted at the Islamic protest in Sydney  Australia this afternoon. The mother needs to have her kids taken from her."
"Seen at the Islamic protests in Sydney this afternoon. What is wrong with this pic?"
"A sign of the times"
"Get them started early."
"The bravest child alive..."
"This kid feels strongly about those who insult islam..."
"Meanwhile in Sydney  Australia... WTF?"
"&quot;Behead all those who insult the prophet&quot;"
"Meanwhile in Sydney..."
"I hate people using their kids in protests in general but this is especially awful."
"Child protester (X-post from /r/australia)"
"Protests in Sydney  Australia [fixed]"
"This came up when I googled &quot;sea doo&quot;..."
"I apologize on behalf of the people of my generation"
"Found this on Facebook."
"Death to all...what?"
"How I feel about anonymous lately..."
"My friend was telling me all about how he got on the front page today"
"Me Looking At The Karma of Reddit Gods"
"Poorly Placed Plant"
"imgur: This is why I'm going to take pottery classes"
"Why are people making such a big deal about this show?"
"He even had the balls to sit in the front"
"For my cakeday  this guy. He sat like this the entire class period."
"the truth about the slenderman"
"This is One Uncut Sheet of Paper"
"A single uncut sheet of paper"
"What happens when I try sports"
"seth casteel's complete 'underwater dogs' album (repost[ish]  read inside)"
"BALL!!!"
"Not sure what's happening here  but DAAAAAAAYUM!!!"
"Would you like some water?"
"My stomach! It hurts!"
"Posting on the wrong subreddit"
"I noticed a striking resemblance ..."
"It's Bootsy!"
"Baby gorilla after feeling the coldness of the stethoscope."
"Good News Everyone! I've been rendered with horrific detail!"
"What's up? Oh  nothing much. Just hanging."
"I'll die for sure."
"Extreme camping"
"There's not?"
"If you do this...fuck you!"
"The best  the best  the best comic book"
"This gets me again and again"
"Totally sure this is a repost"
"Seems totally fair"
"How I feel when my lady is mad at me"
"Release my penis (SFW)"
"My freind sent me this in math. Need less to say I was sent to the office for laughing to hard."
"How I feel when I see a VERY obvious repost."
"How I feel when I see a VERY obvious repost."
"How I felt when I forgot to turn off my Work Alarm Yesterday"
"How I feel after reading a repost from 1+ years ago that redditors have given over 9000 upvotes"
"Based on yesterday's events"
"Today I realized I missed my first cake day."
"Grumpy cat fends off dementors...."
"The best thing I ever got out of my cereal in the 90's"
"Me when my girlfriend asked if I wanted to try the pineapple experiment"
"I can't believe this hasn't been done before."
"Googled my real name in several different variations. This kept coming up."
"What the ... !"
"thank god for good parents"
"Whenever I play Civilization V and my workers are on automate  this is who I believe is telling them what to do."
"Phantom Corsair  1938"
"Oh nothing  just a cop texting while driving..."
"Should you be doing that  Officer?"
"Vince Catter"
"To understand the future we must go back in time"
"Animorphs."
"My favourite 'Animorphs' book"
"I like this too much"
"Are you hungry Wolf?"
"play on the swings  they said..."
"not a happy camper"
"How I feel when my crush texts me"
"you know its finals week when..."
"YouTube gets it."
"My postings lately"
"When it comes to he power of Grayskull  He-Man has a direct monopoly on it."
"Usain Bolt holding out the baton to an official and then pulling it away is one of the greatest things ever"
"Bolt messing around with the stewards again"
"See familiar work on Reddit... realise someone stole my work."
"I wanted to give you an upvote  but... (My first upvote gif)"
"Usain Bolt"
"What i imagine people who see my posts do"
"Trickster Usain Bolt"
"and I listened..."
"The KKK ain't as intimidating as it used to be."
"My friend: &quot;Apparently  this was the scene in Centerville TN  earlier today. This is the place I grew up. This is why I hate it here.&quot;"
"these guys must be well known givers of fucks..."
"I kinda want to live there...Kinda..."
"Welcome to my redneck mansion"
"Don't be a racist!"
"I don't like House but  this I couldn't agree more"
"This is to true."
"Why i love Dr. House / Hugh Laurie"
"House knows what's up."
"If You Could Reason With Religious People..."
"Why AOE is still my favorite game."
"WOLOLO"
"Three-Legged Dog"
"5 minutes after talking with my ultra-christian  conservative grandfather"
"How I feel whenever I argue with a creationist over the validity of Evolution."
"While I'm at boating school"
"What do you normally do when Reddit's down?"
"High speed dog"
"Speed junkie dog"
"His shit MUST be good!"
"How could anyone resist?"
"Still very true."
"Aquarium Bed [500 x 405]"
"I am always the type of person who will let someone else over while driving. HOWEVER  I CANT HELP BUT FEEL LIKE THIS SOMETIMES."
"How I feel when I see posts with 4chan in the title"
"A tornado  photographed by Zachary Caron  just south of Parker  Colorado  U.S. of A."
"I am both shocked and in awe"
"Beauty in destruction"
"I Am An Atheist"
"So there you go."
"By the power of Christ..."
"Blood of the lamb..."
"Blood of the lamb"
"Eh  happens."
"Oh... Hai... (X-Post from r/aww)"
"Oh hai... [fixed]"
"Who's there?"
"How I feel for having my first cake day. Thank You Reddit  for all the fun!"
"Was about to go to sleep.. This made me change my mind."
"Knitting is the gang-bang."
"What happens everytime I come home drunk"
"Emma Stone"
"And she was being so cautious."
"Ghost in the cemetery"
"Can you see the ghost in the picture!?"
"Can you see the ghost in this picture?!"
"How I feel when I come to school with a pack of gum."
"How I feel eating dinner in front of my pothead roommates"
"Whenever someone at my LGS opens some packs."
"Who knew?"
"His eyebrows slipped down his face"
"just a slip of the eyebrows"
"What it feels like in the Midwest right now"
"First snow fall....on Hoth."
"Sneak peak at the new RoboCop suit"
"First picture of the new ROBOCOP. Thoughts?"
"NEW ROBOCOP"
"Leak of the new Robocop suit on set."
"Just WTF.... O_O [NSFL]"
"Every person on Facebook"
"Mickey Mouse under the influence"
"Mickey Mouse"
"What is this? I don't even..."
"My Milkshakes!"
"Do you even know how offensive that is?"
"Hypocrisy at its best (xpost)"
"Fair enough."
"i sure hope this isn't real..."
"Dis my best friend"
"Stuffed animal snuggle!"
"When a friend needs a hug"
"Everybody's got that special someone"
"MINE!"
"A Kitten Hugging A Doll"
"I hope he catches him."
"You are here"
"My father sent me this"
"When I'm on my way home tonight and all of the traffic lights are green"
"TopGear"
"Bullet hitting wall"
"A bullet's impact"
"He trusted you  Mario  why!?"
"Man..Mario is an asshole"
"We've all done it"
"To the Roots! [NSFW]"
"It's a good idea to make this my first post on Reddit [NSFW]"
"Not the most accurate people"
"Two NYPD officers having a disagreement"
"Leaked footage of the two NYPD officers involved with the Empire State shooting working out a disagreement between each other"
"This still gets me every time."
"art reproduction at its best"
"Found this on FB thought redditor will enjoy it!"
"The only unprotected wifi name seems like a bad choice..."
"I don't know whether I want to join their network  or just knock on their door."
"Not bad wifi not bad"
"A nice surprise popped up on my WiFi list. Wonder if he runs a law blog?"
"I'm not picky with my open wifi spots..."
"Moved into a new neighborhood  I already have connections"
"browsing /new/"
"Patriarch Vader: The Force is strong in Greece"
"The things you'll find on the internet..."
"I am your father"
"Just Darth Vader..."
"How I feel when I don't work in the school computer lab"
"Spider-Man Goes Fast"
"Rejected."
"I love college."
"Well then I guess she's gunna be forever alone."
"Kyle has a girlfriend."
"Poor Kyle [FB]"
"Star Wars fans should enjoy this"
"The ultimate disguise"
"The ultimate disguise."
"What really happened on 9/11"
"Pleasant Dreams"
"Orbital Strike It"
"Mother and her young"
"No! Hell No! NOPE NOPE!"
"Burn the house down... NOW!"
"The presidential limo in detail."
"I badly photoshop my friend's face onto women. This is my latest work."
"Gentlemen's Alphabet: E is for Emma Stone"
"Is it working yet?"
"the one time I watched the Notebook..."
"He has a point"
"China has a thing for running over people"
"Normally I'm very pale  but when I get tanned..."
"Pupception"
"Yo dog...?"
"yep"
"panda.. panda.. panda.. car!"
"Pure Laziness."
"Pure Laziness"
"Laziness in its purest form."
"For my cakeday  pure laziness"
"Slendermen...Its so similar its stunning..."
"Spongebob Hankpants."
"Propane and propane accessories."
"Otherwise  leave him alone..."
"Kuato sweater"
"Hundreds of Cops  Firemen  and bikers show up to stand guard against Westboro Baptist at a Newton  Connecticut shooting victim's funeral."
"Hells Angels blocking the Westborough church in Newtown (twitter)"
"Hells Angels blocking the Westborough Baptist Church in Newton. (x-post from pics)"
"Bikers protect Elementary school from Westboro Baptist Church"
"Seemed most informative... But I don't know if you're completely right or not"
"Still funny every time i see it."
"Anybody else want a remake of this?"
"Easily the best sports game of all time."
"AH-CHOO Oh wait..."
"How I feel during a math test"
"So Happeeee"
"So Comfortable (pic)"
"sleep well"
"Sunlight. Water. Combined."
"Can't argue with that"
"Arrested during haircut"
"Yo Dawg! I hate when this happens..."
"At least I'm not the only one..."
"Loading: 50% complete"
"Mug shot of the century"
"Wonder if he had to pay for the haircut"
"title writes itself"
"Grandmas"
"Oh  Ron. [x-post /r/EmmaWatson]"
"We always ask where's Waldo but we never ask..."
"Man Hit By Train"
"Kayak fail"
"This gets funnier every time I watch it."
"Let there be Funk!"
"true talent"
"Destroying your childhood  one picture and gif at a time."
"Men vs Women: Decorating  painting  home furnishing  clothing etc.."
"Why I hate painting with my wife."
"Two different perspectives"
"Christmas in Advance"
"My 2011 Christmas party guest."
"The Flying Spaghetti Monster has sent His Son to walk among us"
"i just made an upvote gif"
"I feel like it's trying to eat my soul.."
"I'm a daddy!!"
"Sooo Fat guy and beer equals baby."
"Shower Rage"
"SupahCat"
"What it feels like trying to defend MW3 on r/gaming [xpost from r/mw3]"
"God Mode Enabled"
"Rock It"
"This moment is the reason why I won't use the public restrooms anymore  and why I won't sleep tonight."
"Heeeeeeeeeeeeeres Jesus!"
"Nice to see they agree on something..."
"Who's awesome?"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Haters gonna hate..."
"Holi"
"Boom!"
"Splash of Color!"
"Walking the dog."
"Naked Bitch in Bathtub"
"Bath time!"
"That moment when you realize you've grown up to be Squidward."
"New rims O_o"
"They see me rollin'. They hatin."
"Looks like Bane has met his match."
"&quot;HOOUGHH!&quot;"
"Bro-Off!"
"Geek Insult..."
"So I Google searched &quot;what is reddit.&quot;"
"A maggot as seen through an electron microscope. This could not possibly be more fitting"
"Maggot under an electron microscope."
"how i feel about all the 9gag post here and on facebook recently"
"When ever someone says call me maybe"
"My reaction when my dad says iPhone is better than HTC One X."
"6 months ago  my girlfriend cheated. This was my response when she told me today that she wanted to be friends"
"When I am driving in the wrong direction and I see a &quot;Private Drive. No turn around&quot; sign."
"When I tell someone that I speak an Asian language  and they say &quot;I speak Asian  too. Ching chong ping ponga ding dong.&quot;"
"When you don't ship to Australia"
"Anyone?"
"Dora! Dora! Dora! The Exploder!"
"Dora has had enough."
"Swanson Pyramid of Greatness"
"How I feel after 1 or 2 squats"
"Target acquired!"
"Best face swap ever."
"Long live the King"
"Cat steals couch."
"Appropriate review."
"Found this while looking through an art gallery  all I can say is WTF"
"Reddit Heaven"
"Hey /r/ gaming I just made a forum and I'm hoping you guys can join it because I love computer science and such things this picture is unrelated but the forum is protechforums.proboards.com you can also post things about games and consoles etc."
"The Brain."
"So I'm building my first gaming PC....."
"My first reaction after joining twitter"
"I don't know what could possibly explain this"
"This is pushing it..."
"Which is it Obama?"
"Make up your mind!"
"Which one is it?"
"He shoots  he scor...what the hell?"
"Cats (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Well  my cat does this when you drug her on catnip."
"Theirs about to be a ton of Jaws films in the next 3 years"
"Every day"
"Saw this. Thought of you  Reddit."
"This is really just awesome."
"How I feel when the OP doesn't respond to advice I spent an hour typing"
"When I realize it's my cakeday and my pets won't stay still enough for a pic..."
"When NFL Quarterbacks go on FB"
"To all those girls."
"Truer words have yet to be spoken."
"War stuff"
"Whatcha thinkin' about?"
"Whatcha thinkin' 'bout?"
"Picking on war is fun."
"Boop!"
"*Pat pat pat*"
"3 Other Reasons Why You Should Never Mess with Mr. Liam Neeson."
"Oh.."
"I'd say this just about sums up every COD game"
"LPT: Make brownies in 2 mins in a mug."
"Found this in LifeProTips  but I knew where it really belonged..."
"Wow  just wow..."
"This boxer doesn't have the best aim."
"Stop hitting yourself"
"Who eats this stuff?"
"The Crooked House (Sopot  Poland)"
"Taxidermy. Nailed it."
"Taxidermy"
"Surf's up"
"Derp!"
"I'm a pretty princess."
"Well thats not a good sign..."
"When females complain about double standards...."
"Fucking penguins"
"7F12U mods breaking RES's picture resize feature is not ok."
"When I see 'OC' with pictures I saw on Reddit two days ago"
"My favorite unit of measurement..."
"This girl can party"
"Cocaine"
"I sell cocaine..."
"The truth"
"Shoplifting. Not even once."
"Here's to all having their cakeday."
"Sincerest apologies.."
"i love sensitive guys"
"i love sensitive guys"
"Pompadour"
"Someone watched too much Johnny Bravo...."
"Pickup on a truck on a truck on a truck"
"nice kitty"
"This has to be reposted for the 4th time. [NSFW]"
"&quot;I am very happy to be here today.&quot; (NSFW)"
"Reddit  Find me the original video of this gif?!"
"I don't remember these guys"
"Incest is Wincest."
"So i was reading the news today ...."
"I laughed for at least 10 minutes"
"Why....how..."
"Spongebob Demonspawn (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"Welcome home son"
"40th image that came up after doing an image search for bacon."
"Sometimes spear fishing can be a pain in the ass"
"Yes  I know spear fishing is dangerous. I get your point."
"First time spear fisherman"
"Two words can change a lot."
"True story"
"Memes and Their Dog Counterparts"
"super bass"
"This is awesome."
"Someone Should Help This Man"
"Nigerian Scam 1.0"
"This has to be my favorite &quot;like if you love Jesus&quot; facebook picture"
"A disappointing end to the search"
"I'm Proud TO Have A Predisposition For Colon Cancer!"
"Dammit Carl!"
"Hey Carl!"
"Dammit  Carl!"
"He may have seen them."
"Ohh Carl..."
"I don't give a fuck about the rules."
"I can't be the only one who did this."
"Whores uniform"
"How the Dalai Lama passes on knowledge to us mortals (x-post)"
"When someone shares the Link you posted on Facebook without liking or commenting your original post."
"First attempt at IMGUR game. I don't even..."
"I know this thing is going to save me"
"military ownage"
"Bless our troops"
"Gun shop owners starting to speak up."
"Naked Llama"
"No title required"
"If you're feeling down  here is a picture of a shaved llama."
"cock magnet"
"Charlie and the Skeet Factory"
"How I expect &quot;No Fap September&quot; to end."
"Never mess with a cow"
"Kick"
"Don't look into the eyes! It's too cute!"
"Haikus are easy"
"O Hai ku"
"Pretty cool picture of ice  growing out of a hole in a rail."
"No  THIS hammock wins."
"Greatest tent setup I've ever seen"
"I see your doctor dog  and I raise you one Doctor Cat MD"
"Way to make me feel great about myself  Comic."
"We can all dream."
"What songs go well with this gif?"
"Edge of the abyss...."
"The sign of a Redditor."
"How to fit a dishwasher into a washing machine"
"True friendship"
"How I feel when I find out one of my friends is also a redditor."
"Humans and dinosaurs walked the earth together?"
"This is the reason why the &quot;Like if...&quot; pictures don't really effect me."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"My friend had a rough year in kindergarten."
"The secret to his success"
"This rap shit would be hard."
"Rap music these days"
"Just Steven Segall"
"America  Fuck yeah!"
"I work in the Alaka tourism industry  this is how i feel every time the Disney Cruise Ship stops in."
"Quality penguin comedy"
"Russian grandmas know what's up"
"And we thought 80's family photos were bad..."
"I googled &quot;best picture on the internet&quot; - this was the first result."
"googled best picture on the internet  this was the first result"
"So I googled &quot;best picture on the internet&quot;"
"Searched 'greatest image on the internet'. Was not disappointed."
"Googled &quot;Reddit Haven&quot;.... was not disappointed"
"Synchiropus Splendidus: One Brightly Colored Fish"
"Typed in &quot;typical redditor&quot; on Google Images....this was the first result"
"Is this man smoking incense cones?"
"MERLKBEHRNS!!!!!"
"&quot;She's like one of those fish that climb up your urethra&quot;  my friend in reference to his crazy girlfriend. Thought of her."
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"Overly attached Nicholas Cage."
"The only cage you need"
"Perpetual Motion Light bulb Machine"
"I'd love to"
"Don't fuck with Pooh"
"Winnie the Pooh"
"Winnie the Pooh and Bacon"
"I know."
"pooh"
"No wonder Piglet was always nervous"
"No wonder he is always nervous"
"Hey Pooh.."
"Pooh has some problems..."
"I'll just leave this shit here."
"It's shit like this Reddit!"
"After I eat Five Guys."
"I truly don't understand why this exists."
"For my first post I bring you wtf eyes"
"Googled &quot;weird&quot;  this was the first picture that came up."
"I see what you did there"
"Whenever I make a comment on Reddit."
"When someone down votes my post on Reddit..."
"WE WANT IT NOW!!!"
"Elephant to the rescue"
"Stahp"
"I want a panda"
"Keep staring at the plus sign without blinking and prepare to have your mind fuck with you."
"Must. Stop. Watching. (focus on the plus sign)"
"My new wallpaper: The Elements"
"The elements."
"A never ending cycle..."
"Best way to start your day!"
"It's a jarring statistic"
"Come here  I want to tell you something. [X-post r/gifs]"
"Troll Level Window Washer"
"Come here  I want to tell you something."
"You should see the look on your face!"
"Asians  they never fail to amuse me. (No Racism intended)"
"How I feel as a Motorcyclist in Oregon"
"Oh god..."
"There's only one way to solves Hostess' financial problems."
"Everything the light touches"
"Peeping Mallard [nsfw]"
"That feeling before unsubscribing from a sub-reddit."
"My face when my girlfriend asked if she could put her finger in my butt"
"My parents just gave me their crappy 1990 car for my 18th Birthday."
"Finally winning an argument on the internet and realizing nobody gives a fuck."
"I can't believe that only a little more than a century separates the Wright Brothers and this man."
"To fly free in space"
"How is the weather up there?"
"Crazy Insane Space Walk"
"Gotta have my pops  Bitch!"
"be courteous!"
"Rorschach gets it right."
"God does not make the world this way"
"Happy 10th Anniversary"
"Claudia Mitchell - first woman to have a bionic arm - a prosthetic limb that she controls with her mind."
"Green eggs and ham"
"Saw this on spacedicks  I seriously wanna know whats going on... X-Post Spacedicks"
"Reasons for why cats are great"
"why cats rock!"
"Why they're awesome."
"My new watch movement cufflinks"
"Australians"
"Australians [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile in Latvia... Xpost from r/4chan"
"Jinkies!"
"Me trying to get karma on my cake day"
"To the front page!"
"No no no no NO"
"Now ask them how Google+ is doing  I dare you."
"Ba Da Da Da Da"
"Mega Anti-Meme"
"Family Photo!"
"THE EMANCIPATOR"
"Greatest Presidential Portrait Ever."
"Your move England...your move...."
"I knew I liked Abe Lincoln for some reason..."
"&quot;Swollen droopy&quot; The fuck?"
"Never agreed with a piece of graffiti more in my life..."
"Yes  yes I would."
"Don't f**k with Rudolf..."
"This is how I walk when it's windy"
"Earth lovin'"
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Sex Machine Ready to Reload"
"I Blame the Parents"
"Danxia landform: The color is the result of an accumulation for millions of years of red sandstone and other rocks."
"This unique geological sight is known as Danxia landform. The Danxia landform refers to various landscapes found in southeast and southwest China that “consist of a red bed characterized by steep cliffs”. [960x677]"
"Denied"
"What sort of evil is this?!"
"Access denied..."
"Denied! [gif]"
"What is this wizardry"
"At first I was excited about my cake day. Then I considered today's date..."
"My girlfriend told me with a straight face that she missed her period. Then I looked at today's date."
"&quot;When you see it&quot; posts."
"Me on the front page reading a depressing post right after a really funny one"
"So I just saw the Octomom masturbation video."
"This perfectly sums up me as I work my way through all the sub reddits."
"Etho's Rection to an Efficiency X pick"
"Just bear"
"Bear with an extremely long tounge (x/post from r/wtf)"
"Bear with extremely long tongue. (x-post from /r/wtf)"
"the look on my face whenever i see a girl with a hot ass"
"My face when I see the unopened can of Arizona green tea...[7]"
"Messed up bear."
"be careful not to swallow your bubble gum!"
"8 Reasons to Not Swallow Your Chewing Gum"
"Warning: This is what happens if you swallow your gum!"
"Wait... What?"
"How I feel when watching Jersey Shore..."
"Drink up  Fifth Element lovers"
"&quot;Just a quick stroll through the park Regenold.&quot;"
"Safety first (x-post r/pics)"
"Aww  he thinks he's equestrians."
"Oh Shit."
"Pug on a Horse."
"&quot;Going Ape shit&quot; ..... true story"
"Gorilla warfare"
"This is sand."
"Grains of sand"
"Grains of sand at 4x magnification"
"Took a ride on a ski lift today and was joined by a bear..."
"This dog's guilty"
"Um  I don't wanna disturb..."
"I don't wana disturb  but..."
"Mammatocumulus in Perm (Russia)"
"at least he's getting some  i guess [nsfw]"
"Furfag"
"I don't know where to begin..."
"Not sure why I have this..."
"I have now seen everything the Internet has to offer."
"So I actually googled &quot;something that some redditor is searching google images for something funny to post&quot; or some stupid shit like that."
"Bite the pillow  I'm going in dry"
"Day two of trying to ride a bicycle  and all I can think is this:"
"kittty dilema"
"In a word-- Cool."
"Awwwters"
"BROMANCE"
"Gayest GIF Ever - I lol'd."
"Wouldn't say it if it weren't true."
"The reason I swear so much.."
"When I Say Something Hilarious But No One Hears...I'm Still Proud of Myself"
"How I feel returning home for the holidays and my parents asking me to go with them to church..."
"Loading your Skyrim save after not playing for a month"
"Going away from all technology for a week; this is how I imagine I'll feel when I return:"
"How I felt as a kid when my mom cleaned my room."
"I was one of the lucky ones"
"What did i miss"
"Today on Reddit..."
"How I felt waking up this morning"
"After not being on reddit for a week"
"After not being on reddit all day today"
"*yawn* Good morning  Reddi... Wtf?"
"Not sleeping for two days  waking up the next."
"The Beginning of Borderlands 2..."
"Advice animals won't let me post  but here is my reaction to being off Reddit for 5 seconds"
"Went to go see The Hobbit  came out and..."
"I got a new Facebook."
"Precision."
"Muppets around the world"
"very unfortunate name"
"Blame it on the economy"
"well that's always a good replacement for a front seat."
"The Art Of Trolling"
"I almost killed my family this morning making pancakes. I think it's time Walmart put some variety in their labels."
"The fuck  Walmart??"
"I almost killed my family this morning making pancakes."
"Darwinism."
"My Wallpaper"
"Nigel Patrick Harris"
"Great advice for life."
"Karma Machine [StopMotionGIF]"
"Karmic Overload"
"Reddit"
"The Reddit Machine"
"Karma Machine"
"Keep your hipster and ultra-modern apartments. I need to live like THIS."
"Really? I say let them burn."
"I've been doing it wrong the whole time"
"I just...t-Rex shoes...WTF?"
"Oh youtube  you never cease to amaze me"
"MFW I saw my link had 1000+ karma"
"Why?"
"Well Too Bad!"
"Two Spider Best Friends Forced To Do Battle"
"Girl  look at those legs"
"PonPonSpider"
"Fabulous Kombat"
"What I think I look like when I dance..."
"When I got my first upvote."
"Coolest Parents Ever."
"BMX Musings"
"You'r the best around!"
"still my favorite Obama moment"
"Can't Stop Watching (slightly NSFW)"
"I love Alison Brie"
"floaters"
"floaters"
"Floaters ... don't rub your eyes too hard! (xpost from r/pics) [gif]"
"Get out of my eyes!"
"How many of us can see &quot;floaters&quot;? - Imgur"
"Baby food"
"Baby food"
"This man defines 'straya"
"I'd go to McDonald's a lot more if all the employees look like this"
"Anderson Cooper being a BADASS"
"I would trust this man with my life."
"One-hander cheerleader commander"
"shoppers at the dubai mall flee in terror fearing as sharks with..."
"Whenever I have writer's block."
"Pull not push."
"Hey what do you know! Me too!"
"I got Skyrim for Xmas  after having played Dark Souls for a couple of months.."
"When my gf catches me looking at porn. (sfw)"
"I have to go now. My planet needs me."
"How I feel once the edibles kick in..."
"The perfect plan"
"Criminal Mugshot from New South Wales Crica 1925"
"why i don't have a girlfriend"
"Every time I post OC and fail to make the front page of any subreddit"
"How it felt to break 100 karma in a month."
"How to win."
"How to win."
"Surprise buttsex (overshot)"
"This made my day today"
"You're worried about the secret service? My little brother posted this to facebook with the description  &quot;Security sure is slacking in the situation room.&quot;"
"I still enjoy these awesome creatures  even if they don't really exist..."
"A Very Portal Christmas Tree"
"Brilliant Christmas tree."
"The best christmas tree I've ever seen"
"Girl I know just posted this on Facebook"
"So I decided to search &quot;mittler&quot; on google..."
"Tyger  tyger  burning bright/ In the forests of the night/ What immortal hand or eye/ Could frame thy fearful symmetry?"
"Shit canned statue?"
"Lost for words"
"Just realized Cash Cab has been cancelled."
"When a flatmate messes up the kitchen right after I've cleaned it"
"when i realize im too fat to see my penis"
"Can anyone point me to the origin of this awesome GIF?"
"What I want to do to people who post pictures of their cat"
"How I feel after quitting my job and seeing my boss in the hallway before leaving."
"To those who ask me to work on Weekends"
"Oh your telling me how to play a game that I've been playing for years?"
"The internet is leaking.."
"Please tell me this is real."
"Andrew WK's dog"
"How i feel being with my SO during the down time"
"Party Hard"
"LOL!"
"Racist ants"
"Racism"
"The Great War 1914: Europe"
"Laugh with us!"
"Bail."
"Oh YouTube..."
"Too soon Youtube?"
"Scumbag Youtube ad"
"Scumbag Youtube"
"Inappropriate youtube ad on Amanda video"
"Business Cat"
"The Meeting"
"I'm late for my meeting"
"It Was Too Hard To Resist"
"Inside Of Box Is Off Limits"
"I understand that it's a cat  but still..."
"look closely."
"Um  I don't think so..."
"Effectiveness of fighting cancer (chart)"
"I leave it to you guys."
"Jesus saves this guy from Hell."
"That's one way to handle a street preacher...(x-wtf)[NSFW]"
"This really messed with my head!"
"Matthew Perry &amp; Jennifer Aniston Doing Promo For... Windows 95?!"
"I ran naked with my boyfriend because I am a pimp"
"Reversable dog/cat."
"The real CatDog"
"Dogs."
"all dogs go to heaven (x-post from atheism)"
"If I had to choose a church to go to it would definitely be one with a sense of humor..."
"All dogs go to heaven"
"Proof all rocks go to heaven"
"And not a single fuck was given that day..."
"Happy Baby"
"Call me $pngbob  stackin Krabby PattieZ"
"All the true OGs be ballin' in Squarepants"
"If Sally buys 60 cantaloupes"
"Oh nein you didn't!"
"Oh Nein You Didn't Gif"
"Who Knew Hitler was so Sassy"
"Zero...zero fucks given"
"After doing a good deed that nobody saw you do  this is how you feel when back in the middle of everyday life."
"Everytime I see a sad post on Reddit"
"No  Consuela. No!"
"Catchy tune bro"
"extreme bowling"
"Oh old people  you so funny"
"I tried to use my Lowes gift card today to buy a gift card at Lowes. Apparently I'm not allowed to do that."
"Infinite Pleasure"
"When you go over a paper you're proud of writing"
"Me when someone in a comment made me notice my day of the cake (would've forgotten it otherwise)"
"A friend likes to make me angry. Don't know if i should laugh or cry."
"Proving atheists wrong with science! Some lols contained."
"Checkmate  Atheists."
"Every time I click on a /r/gonewild post and see a naked woman."
"/r/poop"
"A walk through the nintendo neighborhood"
"Don't ask.."
"Don't ask..."
"Repost  but It's my rl Cake Day  so Who Cares..."
"Me Gusta"
"She loves her teddy"
"I'm supposed to post this today  right?"
"Best Friends."
"She likes to count sheep to fall asleep"
"SIN"
"Sin (x-post from r/comics)"
"SIN"
"I found this amusing (x-post from /r/comics)"
"'Then maybe you shouldn't CREATE SIN' (by Jim Benton  x-post from /r/comics)"
"When I'm trying to sleep and my boyfriend is looking for sex.."
"My Girlfriend when she sleeps and I'm horny"
"Quit it  quit it  quit it..&quot;."
"test"
"My Hard Drive During the Steam Sale"
"Every Year..."
"Just when I thought I was free..."
"Time."
"How I feel hearing Christmas music before Thanksgiving"
"Throwing your own poo  not a good look."
"Belfast's anti-drug campaign."
"This ad just appeared in my city..."
"Best PSA?"
"You were doing what??"
"Its not a good look"
"Acid. Not even once."
"Room-mate saw this on the side of a bus-stop"
"stay above the influence"
"I was high on acid..."
"Drugs are bad MKay"
"Throwing poo... may have been posted before!"
"I wonder how many women would do this if they were given a penis..."
"Soon..."
"Replacement Bus Service"
"The Sheer Scale of the Great Wall of China"
"Awesome shot of the Great Wall"
"1950s photo illustration of a girl eating a spider"
"The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse"
"Logging onto Reddit to find that you have more karma than yesterday"
"How I felt when I got my first upvote."
"My reaction when a digsite appears in Uldum [WoW Players will understand]"
"An accurate  if sad  depiction of my excitement for E3 every year."
"What i looked like when I saw the Man Of Steel trailer."
"Baby Dubstep"
"Just moved in with my BF today!"
"Retoast"
"Honey  where are my bricks?"
"Hey  you know what we should do this weekend?"
"just contributing... a true what the fuck"
"Flap flap flap flap flap."
"Ainsley Harriott's at it again (NSFW)"
"U mad  bro?"
"Bringing r/WTF back to its roots"
"JACKPOT!!!!"
"Karmadecay says this hasn't been posted here."
"Midgets pulling a plane  that is all."
"Mush!"
"How I feel every day of my life"
"joining Reddit ="
"MRW I realize that I have nothing to show for my summer except imaginary internet points."
"This is kind of a double standard"
"The double standard of having a choice on whether or not you want to be a parent [X-Post /r/MensRights]"
"The Hobbit Dwarven Lineup"
"Is this seat taken?"
"Green Lake in Austria that is a hiking trail for half the year  and a diving destination for the other. [x/post from r/waterporn]"
"Like a sir"
"Seemed like such a smart idea"
"&quot;Hey guys  watch this!&quot;"
"this kid..."
"Only in Missouri..."
"The Viagra's wearing off"
"This is my crazy uncle who thinks he has superhero powers"
"This is my crazy uncle who thinks he has superhero powers"
"I never knew Jesus liked to party"
"North Dakota: &quot;Come and sleep with our women.&quot;"
"Close one"
"going to a party  then realizing there's no alcohol  and my ex is there (Fixed)"
"Shit  I forgot to pick up the milk!"
"When saving someone from downvote hell."
"This Is A Bit Different Then My Horse Back At Home.."
"Gift Cat doesn't give a fuck"
"My friend got his brother a wedding present."
"My friend got his brother a wedding present"
"So my friend got his brother a wedding present."
"Nope"
"This scene is a lot more awkward than I remember..."
"Closer to the dark side."
"here's some chill niggas sitting in some big ass cylinder"
"Just Chillin'"
"Boss."
"Better watch your butt.."
"Dilbert is obviously a Redditor."
"I fart in your general direction!"
"ouch"
"Apply water to burned area..."
"That's a lotta birds (Tsavo National Park  Kenya)"
"a massive flock of Red-billed Queleas descends to drink"
"OMG WATCH THIS GUY GET HIT BY A CAR"
"Oh  pardon me miss."
"this says it for many..."
"I'm sorry if my atheism offends you...."
"I'm sorry if my atheism offends you....(not sure if repost)"
"I quit..."
"Who's eating who?"
"That's one weird kiss..."
"Catastrophe"
"The son I should've had"
"HE PROVOKED ME!"
"Is that Eminem?"
"One of Us!!!"
"Area Codes in Which Ludacris Claims to Have Hoes"
"Not every day you see something like this."
"I think these GTA mods are getting a little out of hand."
"Being a good father..."
"A true atheist"
"just  wow"
"My favorite image ever."
"Monday morning  8 am"
"Public Toilet - You Can See Them But They Can't See You"
"All i think about when i hear anything romney or obama related"
"Spin So Fast. No Clue When To Let Go."
"My new cat  Mr.Whiskers  saw him on the side of the road 2 weeks later  i have a kitten."
"This has been my email signature for too long."
"I can't lie  I actually want to do this..."
"Meth Lab"
"If Walter White had a dog."
"C.H.O.L.O."
"Prehistoric comic"
"I'm so embarrassed."
"A walrus receiving a fish cake for his birthday"
"walrus receives fish cake for his birthday (x-post from r/pics)"
"A Walrus Being Presented A Fish Cake For Its Birthday"
"I don't deserve it!"
"found this on r/funny  thought it belonged here."
"Most WTF gif on the internet? Bitch please."
"What is this? I don't even..."
"How I feel when I walk in on my mom as she's coming out of the shower."
"How it feels when I shave with acne."
"A what in her where?"
"Centipedes? In my vagina?"
"Yes  this is the Oval Office  how may I help you?"
"Now we know who really is calling the shots in the Obama White House"
"&quot;Mr. President  the Prime Minister has been notified of your consent. He has begun initiation for the airstrike.&quot;"
"Upon hearing my younger brother hit it off with a cute redditor at a pub"
"Spongebob universe"
"&quot;Why do you believe in god?&quot;"
"This printable pamphlet has sat on my hard drive for years. Hope you enjoy."
"I was cleaning up some file folders and came across something I'd forgotten I had  figured it'd be appreciated here"
"white people are crazy!"
"White people are crazy."
"Kitten in a tube"
"i said dont touch me!"
"cat in a can"
"Here's a game I would love to see on Steam"
"Cake Day Kitty!"
"Kitty Nap"
"the best of aww"
"Oh  the tickles...I can't bear it!"
"How precious!!!"
"r/aww didn't appreciate this as much as I thought they would  maybe you guys would... Behold the cutest tummy rub!"
"Peekaboo"
"The happiest any dog has ever been"
"Happiest dog ever"
"Happiest Dog Ever"
"When I'm watching a movie and see a popular .gif."
"What raiders seem to do when you shoot and miss."
"What The Fuck."
"What the fuck did I just see NSFW"
"how I feel almost getting to the frontpage and failing miserably"
"r/bearswithbeaks....? I have no words."
"Panda with a beak"
"Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"..But where's Russell?"
"Cutest little guy ever!"
"probably the cutest Halloween costume I've seen!"
"Somebody wants to be an adventurer"
"He is &quot;up&quot; for Halloween."
"Up up and away!"
"irl mario kart"
"Mario Kart IRL"
"So I saw this on my Facebook. Pretty sure it doesn't make a difference..."
"So true."
"When I See Someone with a Che Guevara Shirt."
"My face reading everything on reddit today."
"The internet during April Fools..."
"First known picture..."
"First know picture of Michael Phelps"
"Phelps domination since day 1"
"How I feel whenever I see a couple"
"Spongebob is Assertive"
"Thorgi"
"Meet Thorgi."
"Grand Theft Auto Jerusalem"
"Like a sir"
"Oh the things you find on Craigslist..."
"At least they are finally making Barbies that depict the average American Woman."
"I giggled."
"What I imagine making it to the front page feels like."
"It never stops being funny.... kid gets owned in the balls."
"Hands down the best athlete of our time."
"The Greatest Athlete Ever"
"The Original Willow Smith"
"whip my hair!"
"You see this coming up your stairs  what would you do?"
"What Michael Jackson may look like in the year 2000..."
"They were so close..."
"Gets me every time."
"Wut."
"THE FUCKITTY FUCK FUCK?"
"Introducing  Inspirational Adolf Hitler"
"Solid advice."
"Seems legit."
"Is This How You Meme?"
"I don't know what to say."
"so my friend works at FedEx...so many iPhones"
"Female Anatomy Explained: Understanding the Vagina"
"This sure brought spark back to their relationship"
"A band of wild horses running through shallow water"
"Wild Horses  France"
"Spread it all (x-post from /r/WTF"
"HEADSHOT"
"You had one job....one!"
"Did you see it? Watch the crib."
"Deep Sea Eel (Fixed)"
"Found these pictures in the bowels of the internet. WTF IS THIS?!"
"Mine too!"
"Think your job is bad?"
"If anyone ever asks if I was tortured as a child I'll tell them that I was."
"How I felt when my link hit the front page"
"When someone mentions reddit in real life"
"How I feel that there's a new Game of thrones in less than 24 hrs."
"me after browsing Reddit for the first time with RES"
"When I discovered Shitty_Watercolour had his own subreddit"
"On this special day  I give you my favorite Gifs on the internet."
"How I feel when a post reaches more than 40+ upvotes."
"when sir mix a lot discovers women's volleyball"
"Coming back after a few hours and seeing that my post did well"
"I think this accurately displays how I feel when I look through /aww"
"HIW my first to successful posts get 200+ karma in a new subreddit."
"How I feel finally breaking 1 000 karma"
"How much?!"
"Financially Conservative Panda."
"Real reason why the panda freaked out."
"A thousand words"
"Just a stoned dog swinging."
"Just a happy dog in a swing"
"A happy dog in a swing. That is all."
"Bromance"
"What...why..."
"Hand positions tell a lot about a Person"
"Inside a Speedboat (Hot chicks inside)"
"Twins"
"Good Timing"
"We've all been there."
"Friendzone Freddie"
"How the friendzone works"
"Story of my life....."
"KNEEL"
"Whoever came up with this schools mascot..."
"Quite WTF worthy..."
"This makes me want to start building models again..."
"The Great Red Spot  originally photographed by Voyager I as it passed Jupiter in 1979"
"Sir...it was raining and it's cold  may I ask if you have anything to eat?"
"Those eyes...must...hand...over...nutella...no..."
"All wet"
"Was browsing the interwebs  then saw this. Fuck."
"I don't know how i'm going to survive this Tuesday's weather."
"Life before Google"
"So true"
"That's a damn shame"
"Life before Google"
"This is me  every time I upvote your posts [Fixed]"
"How Most Feel About Their Job"
"I hate it when this happens."
"the worst feeling - Imgur"
"This is just disturbing."
"A fellow passenger."
"Only boring people take the stairs...."
"When does this type of action become a 'good idea'?"
"Stairs are for losers..."
"First world complaints"
"This is horrible but funny"
"This is just fucked up. [NSFW]"
"OCD [PIC]"
"Wanted to show my daughter a Chinchilla."
"Onward noble steed"
"Chill cat not giving a fuck"
"Peekaboo  I Love You!"
"peekaboo"
"Owwww!....Wait is anyone looking??"
"Owww!....Wait is anyone looking??"
"I ain't got time for bitches  gotta keep my mind on all my compositions"
"Only tool you'll ever need"
"The greatest cock"
"A clock"
"The worlds coolest clock."
"If I fits  I sits"
"Found this: Peacock in full flight"
"When I find a gif that loops perfectly..."
"A Lannister always pays his debts."
"I am a young-Earth creationist..."
"How it feels browsing reddit..."
"As a Realtor  whenever I see a new listing on my street..."
"Photo our visible galaxy and northern lights. I would eat so many mushrooms if I was here."
"Wow  nature is awesome"
"Tall vs Short...Beauty lies in the eyes of beholder!"
"How I feel opening up Reddit comments"
"Just walked in on my family praying out loud together.."
"Whenever you visit a website and music starts to autoplay..."
"Most redditors' experience with no fap february."
"Every time I stumble into r/nosleep"
"Walked in on my roommate hooking up with someone last night."
"Whenever I come home to my roommate and his girlfriend fighting in the living room."
"going to a party  then realizing there's no alcohol  and my ex is there (Fixed)"
"going to a party  then realizing there's no alcohol  and my ex is there (Fixed)(FIXED)"
"When I look at a new post's comments"
"Viewing /r/spacedicks"
"went to take my dog for a walk and bumped into two people having sex on a car"
"When I walk in on my room mate while he's with a girl."
"Whenever Random takes me r/spacedicks"
"When I click on a League of Legends thread"
"diabetes duck"
"Eatin' Healthy"
"Whole grain ever heard of it!!!!!"
"what"
"Nice Tattoo"
"Something is definitely wrong in /r/askreddit..."
"A message to new Redditors"
"What I have come to learn as a History major."
"The disadvantage of being under 10."
"What I learned from 9th and 10th Grade Global Class"
"So our friend's gf is a vegetarian..."
"That's also my reaction when I see my boss."
"When I walk into a bathroom stall and see the toilet full of shit"
"Walked in on my roommate... you know."
"OPPA ROMNEY STYLE!"
"One of the most badass men I've seen"
"The original Bad Luck Brian [fixed]"
"Do you think it will swing?"
"Oh Facebook  you never disappoint me..."
"The Gay Test."
"The Gay Test"
"Breaking the 1948 American Motorcycle Land-Speed Record"
"That must be one hell of a Fun"
"Like a boss."
"Like a boss"
"Mail's here!"
"I want that guys hat"
"Guys.. guys... GUYS!!"
"This is me today"
"Still my favorite picture on the internet"
"WhaEVAR"
"Oh  that Walt Disney was a character."
"Well that's one way of putting it..."
"In class; a few minutes before Spring Break"
"how i feel with a fresh page of blue links..."
"Frightened cat #2"
"Google image search for &quot;sleeping kittens&quot;"
"Gave me an intense case of frisson (x-post from /r/QuotesPorn)"
"So my friends found a fire hydrant last night..."
"My friends found a fire hydrant (from r/funny)"
"When I watch the GOP debates and I've come to realize we are approaching to this"
"What the US uniforms should have been. [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"What the US uniforms should have been [fixed again]"
"Fuck The Police! - Imgur"
"Dude...not cool"
"Fuck you I'm a horse"
"The phrase mounted policeman has never been so relevant"
"D-Day"
"Kidnap?"
"Kidnap?"
"Surprise adoption"
"worst idea ever"
"That don't look safe!"
"ghillie kitty"
"Camo Cat"
"The new metal gear game looks cute"
"Metal Gear Solid"
"How I feel coming home late to my parents house high  only to find them awake"
"Got it!"
"I guess that's one way of doing it"
"The most offensive fake video game I've ever seen. [NSFW]"
"American History X (Kinect version)"
"American History X the game"
"Still one of my favorites"
"John Lennon snorting coke"
"My favorite picture of Batman..."
"How does this even happen?(Perhaps nsfw)"
"Christmas will be postponed due to a death in the family"
"Flying Buscemi Monster"
"THE LORD HIMSELF!"
"OH HELL NAW!!!"
"Checked out what the internet thinks about stuff..."
"Can't say I'm surprised."
"Well reddit  its us vs. the world."
"Yay for Reddit."
"The Internet has spoken"
"What the internet thinks of 'YOLO'... Hm..."
"I see what you did there"
"a win for the internet [FIXED]"
"Really  internet??"
"Is that so..."
"Internet's opinion on your mom"
"On the Edge of the Earth"
"The History of Man"
"His parents didn't approve  but their love was too strong."
"I don't know about you guys... but I'd hit that"
"Study Time"
"Foxes hugs"
"My fur's a mess  don't let him see me like this!"
"Really?"
"As a female  this is how I feel after deciding &quot;meh  I don't need to shave my armpits this time&quot;"
"Recently married. This is my new motto [FIXED]"
"I'm not a huge fan of horror or suspense  but I downloaded Slender today."
"After replying to a girl's &quot;I like you&quot; text saying I liked her too  then finding out it was one of her friends..."
"parkinsons"
"Ducreux's got game."
"A sobering end to a good night out"
"What picture makes you laugh no matter how many times you see it? This is mine"
"Everyone has one photo they lose their shit to  this is mine."
"Every saturday."
"How I feel after a heavy night drinking"
"C-C-C-C-C-CHOO-CHOO!!"
"Now I remember why I don't watch Thomas anymore."
"Hide Yo' Kids Hide Yo' Wife"
"smell like ass"
"sad peppers are sad."
"Was listening to this and opened the gif. Never knew Pingu could be so badass."
"Dusting for ninjas"
"Very sneaky"
"Very sneaky"
"How I feel after my third failed thread"
"The goddamn batman"
"I think it's time for walkman to make a comeback."
"So what if my iPod broke..."
"Fuck iPod  This baby was 500G sporage"
"Poor Man's iPod"
"iDell mini"
"Escape!"
"Damn! Not again."
"Poorly Planned Billboards"
"Pokemon..seems legit."
"Pokemon..seems legit. Repost from /r/gaming"
"seems legit"
"I wish my dentist was this awesome!"
"Best Dentist Ever."
"My dentist wore this mask today"
"The latest in dental torture attire"
"When my friends force me out on a Friday night but I want to stay at home with my Internet"
"Found this on facebook at a [6]"
"Funniest picture I have seen in a long time"
"Top 10 Sexiest Halloween Costumes"
"Kinect + Animals = ..."
"kinect and cats don't mix well"
"Bad timing"
"this is why i dont play kinect"
"Ninja wing-man...BEST. DECISION. EVER!"
"When you pirate music  you hurt the artist."
"This is an actual photograph of a star going supernova  taken by the Hubble Telescope /r/pics"
"Going where no other racoon has gone before"
"Not a damn thing you can do"
"The original overly attached girlfriend"
"So I went kayaking for five hours without sunscreen"
"My response after eating Nonna's at 1:00 a.m."
"Thanks?"
"The power comes in response to a need  not a desire  I tell ya what."
"Felines Love"
"I Love You Mommy"
"My girlfriend recently dumped me because she was sleeping around with..."
"When my ex-wife asks me who I'm trying to impress when I wear my blazer."
"Who's been reposting lately..?"
"When i go for a run"
"What I feel like when I run..."
"As a lifelong PC guy  Here's a summary of my first day with W8"
"Masturbatorium Level"
"Exploding volcano  taken on the beach."
"Erupting Volcano Anak Krakatau"
"Reverse Strawberries"
"The glory that is Nic Cage."
"This is for all the people in the dumps!"
"Just gonna leave this here"
"This kid has some sweet moves..."
"The Youtube comments of a Portal video hold a nice surprise."
"Silly YouTube"
"YouTube delivers again (X-post from r/youtubecomments)"
"Weiners and butts"
"Yummy Milkshakes"
"Twainianity"
"who indeed."
"Pigeon's Frustration"
"How I feel about reposts"
"This was posted on Romney's facebook page.... im not sure he noticed what was in the background..."
"How to grow your baby"
"Good job America  putting the right people in jail."
"r/aww needs more kittens"
"Stopping take the wheel Jesus!"
"my first gifsound.. howd i do ?"
"Headshot"
"I'm letting goooo"
"Tyson take the wheel."
"Weeee! Speedboats!"
"Nice chicks"
"Danger boat"
"Sega Boat Run"
"It was meant to be."
"My first try"
"Grumpy cat meets Grunpy Hawk."
"Jeremy is Grumpy"
" "
"I guess the oxford comma is important..."
"Thank God for the Oxford Comma"
"I see your importance of comma and raise you the importance of the Oxford comma."
"&quot;I'm a vampire! I'm a vampire!&quot;"
"I just googled &quot;dumb looking kitten&quot; and this came up.."
"Get in the Cage with Nicholas Cage"
"One thing Christians and Atheists agree upon"
"It's almost November..."
"Brace yourselves..."
"My wallpaper since I found out I have cancer."
"It's almost Valentine's Day"
"Reason Rally - Brace Yourselves"
"Trends - next week on facebook"
"Since my grandma is at my house this weekend..."
"We are the white walkers"
"I heard he has a thing for Ayn Rand..."
"My first thought when seeing the &quot;how have you cheated death&quot; post."
"I feel a great disturbance in the force..."
"brace yourselves..."
"And they're off!"
"Cycling and Space"
"R.I.P statuses are coming (Neil Armstrong)"
"Brace Yourselves"
"baby kitten"
"There's no way Reddit hasn't seen this  but I just found it and it deserves a big AWWWWW!"
"ohmygawdthisisadorable"
"USA &amp; Mexico Border"
"US and Mexico's Border"
"Swag Activated"
"Another WTF statue from my city"
"Since everyone here is complaining about reposts..."
"In 1995  this was the coolest thing on the internet [FIXED]"
"Look at this new dancing baby that I totally found"
"Young money is terrible....."
"The conspiracy that turned out to be the failed theory of a retarded swagfag."
"Stick Fight"
"Just move along and no one gets hurt"
"This little guy melted my heart."
"T as in Pterodactyl"
"Dapper cat is dapper"
"Sir  have you seen my top hat?"
"Technology has come so far."
"That's a lot of hand jobs"
"Technology is astonishing (x-post from /r/Apple)"
"I could watch this all day"
"That's clean water"
"My man  Jack Black."
"This is sadly true"
"Just wanted to say thank you to all of you on Reddit for bringing me to such a helpful  fun  happy place for a whole year! Stay classy San Diego!"
"pew kaboom pow"
"It glitches. ALOT."
"Beautiful Amnesia level design"
"How if feel when a gif doesn't load"
"When I first found Reddit"
"nope.gif"
"I think this is the first time I have seen a video game rape someone."
"Making an akumetsu wallpaper  need a good bloodsplatter background layer."
"Just finished replaying Half-Life. Love the game. Hate the 'slippery' controls. This is how I finished."
"Wanna see impossible colors with a 3DTV?"
"The Moon  Venus  Jupiter and Aldebaran"
"Still one of the best gif's to ever exist"
"How I feel when I failed exams but I know I will pass the year anyways."
"My reaction as a parking lot attendant when customers say &quot;it costs too much&quot; and leave"
"I missed my first cake day  My second cake day post got down voted into oblivion"
"Realizing I've almost missed my cakeday"
"A show about a detective with OCD  and this is how they design the box cover for the last season."
"50 Shades"
"50 Shades of Gay"
"The story of SHE"
"All Glory to the Hypnotoad!"
"On the power of prayer..."
"My reaction when the rest of the community is enjoying the free Diablo 3 beta weekend  and I find out my graphics card is unsupported."
"This was my reaction to hearing Lil Wayne saying YOLO and no one wanting to change the radio."
"Seeing TIL submissions on the front page that you already knew about."
"How I feel when I see a TIL submission on the frontpage which I already knew."
"How I feel when I see a TIL submission on the frontpage which I already knew."
"Sweet Hamster dreams"
"Cute dreamer"
"The tiniest teddybear"
"good night little one"
"heard my grandma use the c-word today..."
"Reposting my favorite GIF for my Cake Day"
"Kitty in snow"
"Cute Cat+Cake = Karma right"
"And they wonder why exercise initiatives fail"
"well then..."
"Well FUCK !!"
"Guess I'll take the stairs.. oh  nevermind."
"Pikachu deadlifting"
"Pikachu deadlifting [x-post from /r/4chan]"
"definition of being beast"
"Why I am not a vegan..."
"Troll level Carnivore"
"Inexpensive cat treadmill."
"Spin Cat"
"[x post] Spin Cat"
"Iron-Man 3 explained (fb)"
"My generation's..."
"Me the whole time through the Olympics on NBC"
"...This guy really is!"
"Spider Fire."
"Suddenly  Johnny Cash appears in my head"
"Still my favorite GIF of all time."
"I want this kid to be my friend"
"What will Christians think up next !?!"
"Christian Bale"
"...alright."
"Secrets of water that you never knew"
"Where the fuck is this epicness from?"
"Only Hans Zimmer could form the background to this"
"When it comes to giant swords falling out of the sky  there is only one choice..."
"Besides the outliers  they really have this down to a science."
"That's the spirit !"
"Hey man  nice moves."
"Do a barrel roll!"
"the most complete fighter in the world"
"Playing Dark Souls for the first time..."
"This just popped up on my news feed."
"How I imagine most redditors"
"one of my least favorite things about tonight"
"Say it again"
"this guy again"
"Giraffe Kisses"
"Went to an 80s new wave club last night..."
"Can some one help me to get down  please...."
"Walk me  please"
"Ready!"
"56 years of tornado tracks across the U.S."
"This world probably make a better story line."
"Still a better love story than Twilight"
"Now  after 30 years  you can carry all of this in your pocket..."
"I don't know why I did this."
"Summer is coming to an End but I already miss it"
"Bitch I'm a cat."
"Great song to drive with!!"
"three gods sharing a drink"
"relevent"
"Work it Barack baby."
"I wonder what the people who work here think of those trees.."
"Someone did not think that through"
"Viagra Headquarters"
"Myspace angle..."
"Have you ever been so mad that you..."
"Ladies of Reddit  speaking on behalf of the male gender  we all do this every time you bend over and aren't watching."
"Hurr Durr."
"I'm a sheep."
"The Good Shepherd"
"Mobius Cat"
"Streeetttccchhhh"
"this is why i love it's always sunny..."
"One does not simply..."
"Getting ready for Halloween."
"The power of fire."
"A firefighter getting blown off a porch"
"Sea World's new roller coaster looks incredible!"
"I'm afraid of roller-coasters."
"I can think of a few.."
"Just a normal day in Switzerland."
"Luckily I didn't lock my bicycle there today."
"Shark Week starts tonight!"
"At least my Chemistry teacher has a sense of humor!"
"Hey Verizon!"
"Ready boots? Start walking!"
"so u like owls right?"
"There aren't enough owls on here  so here's one yawning."
"Patrick Bateman is happy to receive."
"Clever Execution of Humor"
"This is how men's bathrooms should be set up"
"US Soldiers"
"US Soliders 2009"
"Lighting up."
"friend called saying he had a new tattoo gun  then this popped up on my Facebook feed. finally something so terrible its worth posting!"
"Happy birthday Nicholas Cage"
"Googled &quot;I don't even have words for this&quot;"
"Well I found this today. Nicolas Cage and a Monkey"
"DAFUQ?"
"How It Feels Being a Nice Guy"
"Package for Josh Nichols"
"How I feel when my teachers call me a prodigy"
"Little known fact - this how they *actually* found Bin Laden"
"Where is he?!"
"Well that was unexpected..."
"Every Recorded Hurricane on One Map!"
"World map shows every hurricane in recorded history (Hi Resolution)"
"NOPE"
"You think YOU have a pest problem?"
"How I feel about South Central Power today now that my power is back on."
"My new kitty ate a spider"
"Every time someone sees me reading naruto"
"Such majesty..."
"Such majesty..."
"Get a Magikarp."
"Get that dick out of your ear and listen. Magikarps all the way"
"I know it's a repost  but this is my favorite gif ever."
"The see-through skin of an 2.5-centimeter-long glass frog reveals her eggs. Native to Venezuela  the frogs lay eggs in bushes and trees overhanging streams. Tadpoles hatch  then tumble into the current to be swept away."
"amazing photo of a frog."
"Proud Mama"
"Yes...Yes you did."
"So I went for my first drive today..."
"My first try at this"
"When my Girlfriend lies about getting me food."
"When I get down voted for absolutely no reason..."
"Close enough"
"fit perfectly"
"My first GIF sound mashup. I'd definitely say I'm satisfied with the result..."
"Watched this while listening to dubstep... quite an experience"
"Shake ya Ass"
"Do the Dog"
"I'm actually really quite impressed at how graceful his movements are."
"15 years ago vs today"
"all shopping carts should have these"
"all shopping carts should have these[FIXED]"
"Bunny"
"Probably a repost  but I saw this and it made me laugh."
"The force is strong with this one"
"Muzzle safety (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Meanwhile  in Italy."
"How I feel after my original content gets downvoted"
"How I feel after my original content gets downvoted"
"Captain optimistic vs. pessimistic man"
"Captain Optimism"
"I'm a Ninja!"
"No sense needed"
"11 rules to make you a better writer!"
"Now that I'm single this is what my Valentine's Day is going to look like"
"This is great guys  pure gold."
"FELIX BAUMGARTNER JUMPS FROM 71 580 FEET"
"Not space but still awesome: 78 000 feet"
"Felix Baumgartner jumping from the Red Bull Sratos...one error and his blood would boil and his brain would explode"
"What it's like to drop a C-C-C-Combo Breaker on a runaway pun..."
"Hot potato  chinese style."
"HOT POTATO!"
"Tactical hot potato"
"&quot;A beautiful story of faith and unquestioning love...&quot;"
"Found this weeks ago and thought it'd be appropriate. Here's to you  Hitch"
"&quot;I know origami.&quot; &quot;...show me.&quot; [Matrix]"
"Morpheus ftw"
"How I feel downvoting SupermanV2 after the OAG incident!"
"What I want to do to my roommate's phone when he keeps hitting SNOOZE"
"Why is my sperm so powerful?"
"When will I have my first period?"
"is exactly the same as..."
"Yeah  that's pretty accurate."
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian photo [fixed][FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED (again)]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED][FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED][FIXED] [FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED][FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED][FIXED]"
"You will not find a more Canadian Picture ((FIXED)FIXED))"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Terraced rice field"
"Just a couple apes  enjoying her presence."
"OHHHHHHH HO HO HO..."
"Teamwork"
"Teamwork"
"Like father  like son"
"Emptying my locker at the end of the year"
"Quality Parenting"
"Drawings come to life"
"Business Cat is on vacation"
"Please be gentle..."
"Bubble popping in slow motion"
"Shut up  Tony."
"And  not a single fuck was given."
"I guess nobody was looking."
"Fabulous kitten"
"Fabulous kitten [Fixed]"
"Bitch  I'm fabulous!"
"I believe he is the table"
"My dog likes to make shapes"
"Is that a dog or a...oh no..."
"I Can't... Stop... Watching..."
"caterpillar up close"
"Obi Wan speaks out on the INSIDE JOBNESS of the 9/11."
"Obi Wan's 9-11 theory."
"Persistence"
"Justin Bieber's #1 fan! [NSFW]"
"Bieber Fever (nsfw)"
"She's got that Bieber Fever (NSFW)!!"
"World's biggest Bieber fan [NSFW]"
"I feel so violated now."
"Ultimate Justin Bieber fan (Xpost from nsfw_funnny)(NSFW)"
"This baby llama makes me want to die from cuteness."
"Baby alpaca"
"Well I could not agree more."
"Before I found r/atheism"
"This is why I love Calvin and Hobbes"
"Whenever I see the download speed for a torrent slowly dropping"
"Me when I realize I went into the bathroom without my phone"
"That moment you realize the person you introduced to Reddit has more Karma than you..."
"Dear kid bullying the only openly gay boy in class"
"Meet Bender"
"Meet Bender (x-post from r/gifs)"
"I mustache you a question.."
"for my cakeday  one of my childhood heroes!"
"Whenever I try to make someone flinch"
"fuckin russians"
"Old WTF is still WTF !"
"Fingernail Length."
"I truly have no words to describe this."
"My reaction to half the things submitted to /r/funny"
"My Dad and I in the pool."
"i don't even know what this is but it's awesome."
"Googled &quot;majestic creature&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"Well then..."
"I have no words... [NSFW]"
"Are you experienced?"
"How I feel when browsing some of my friends FB pages"
"THIS HAS GONE TOO FAR"
"when people take a post of mine the wrong way and the orangereds start flowing in"
"Happiest Forever Alone."
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want now"
"Puffins gonna..."
"Is nothing sacred anymore?!"
"In honor of MLK Day coming up"
"Saw this at a store today..."
"Appropriate for this month."
"He had a dream  now he keeps you clean"
"&quot;Wailord used AuroraBeam!&quot; x post from r/gifs"
"Is it worth it?"
"Was it worth it?"
"White supremacy. Don't just do it  B&amp;Q it."
"Poor taste B&amp;Q (European hardware store)  very poor taste..."
"What do Puffins do every day?"
"Is it just me or does this Toddlers and Tiaras coach look like E.T.?"
"Is it just me or does this Toddlers and Tiaras coach look like E.T.?"
"My favorite kind of day"
"I Feel It"
"And that's why you feel smarter after a few beers"
"Kill Me Please..."
"Someone carved this into a tree. Epic (x-post from r/funny)"
"What kind of sorcery is this!?"
"So it would seem that trees are evolving."
"Trees are evolving. Checkmate. (x-post r/funny)"
"You're a handsome man"
"Call me maybe"
"Playing World at War with my Grandfather"
"5 Simple Steps"
"'MERICA"
"HOLY 'MURRICA!!!"
"Grandma..."
"When you see it..."
"Water get down from there  you are not bridge."
"The river above the river: Magdeburg Water Bridge  Germany."
"Water Bridge"
"Just a kitty sewing  that's all"
"Just a kitty sewing  that's all"
"Just be curious... Works every time"
"Tarzan"
"My reaction to all the atheism posts on the front page"
"1 Cat 1 Cup"
"NEXT!"
"Endor"
"This is how I feel about the first upvote i get on a post"
"Nicholas Cage can do anything he puts his mind to"
"Upcoming Disney show"
"So it's my cake day  I don't own a cat and I'm stuck at work all day."
"Every time I look through my high school yearbook."
"When I realize it's my cakeday and subsequently realize I've wasted a year on reddit."
"When an argument starts in class"
"Sure  I'll just click the dislike button."
"Great grammar."
"If you're going to clutter my feed  please make sense."
"Whoever made this didn't think before they typed..."
"Get ready  its about to rain!"
"Bad ass zombie shelter"
"Your cum tastes different  who else have you been FUCKING!?!"
"How to get rid of an overly attached girlfriend..."
"That little bit of hope  before crushing realization."
"This happened today and I pulled an earphone out to check."
"It happens too much  honestly"
"When exitting any game after playing with friends"
"I can't be the only one."
"This happened to me last night..."
"SAP  the product of a broken household"
"true story..."
"Dont let this happen to me"
"Its my cake day. Am I doing it right?"
"happens way too often"
"socially awkward penguin goes driving"
"Every time..."
"When my girlfriend gets her period during a birth control recall"
"Work that body"
"Savannah sunset"
"Africa"
"Hipster Puppy"
"Hipster Pooch."
"Hipster puppy."
"I have not."
"That isnt how you high five someone..."
"He is the 1%"
"I've always hated this guy."
"When my girlfriend says I should clean my room"
"The most graceful horse on the planet."
"Scumbag Avengers"
"Aggressive prisoners take part in a group therapy session"
"Spin into eternity"
"Well that's unfortunate..."
"They may need to edit their sign.. just a bit.."
"Is it safe out there yet?"
"Baby Ferret."
"Styles have certainly changed."
"I use to like Legos"
"Googled &quot;World's biggest Lego sculpture&quot;. Uh  what?"
"It's almost perfect."
"How I feel taking my morning shit."
"I guess this is what &quot;bath salts&quot; make you do."
"A truly WTF gif [FIXED]"
"All the What The Fuck You Will Ever Need  Now Conveniently in .gif Form!"
"A day in the life..."
"How /b/ gets aroused [mildly NSFL cartoon]"
"Fuck  I'm so high"
"Animal Crossing in a Nutshell"
"Cool Waterfall"
"That's a rather unfortunate name for an Apple Store employee"
"This guy works at my local Apple Store."
"Whenever I read spoilers for something I wasn't planning on seeing anyway  then really wanting to see it based on those spoilers."
"Soiled it! (xpost from r/spongebob)"
"Mmm... Bacon..."
"He watches you sleep."
"Creepy pig  along with some pig squeals for your viewing pleasure."
"My latest attempt at flirting"
"The next Batman movie"
"Chicago"
"Chicago illuminated at night"
"The Rise of the Raptor"
"every night"
"Internet over sleep"
"Lions and Turtles? they're cute. This is the only albino Gorilla humanity has ever seen."
"Nobody fucks with jesus."
"Jesus we can all believe in."
"I won't I tell ya!"
"Thought this was funny."
"Not everyone will have a smoke in such weather  and in such a place."
"Lighthouse Guard in France."
"Warm and comfy"
"are you a little cold?"
"What. The fuck. Are you looking at. (Accipitridae) [860x860]"
"Was going to face swap  but couldn't decide..."
"Sad Birthday Cat"
"The Dolomites  a section of the Alps in Northeastern Italy. [1024x1024]"
"So I saw this on Facebook... WTF"
"I laugh hysterically every time I see this:"
"When my SO tries to cut me off at the bar..."
"A personal favorite my brother showed me around a week ago."
"Imagine this beeing a toddler"
"This..."
"What? Krabby is evolving!"
"No boat? Let's go waterskiing anyway"
"Frightened cat"
"'Murika"
"Oops..."
"The truth every pokemon trainer has to face"
"Two Girls One Pup"
"Obama and the gang [gif]"
"look at this photograph  every time I do it makes me laugh..."
"This always has been  and always will be  my favorite photo on the Internet."
"Going through tinypic brings up some brilliant ideas."
"…for a splashier mountain experience"
"Shopping at Tesco at 3am"
"About toothbrushing..."
"About toothbrushing..."
"Da Baby"
"*Squish Squish Squish*"
"How I felt waking up hung over this morning."
"This is always in the morning after a long night of drinking"
"Who doesn't love melons?"
"Found this on my FB wall. Wow... just wow."
"How it happened"
"So long steam  and thanks for all the fish."
"Guess steam is doing pretty good with the summersales."
"Woah  Steam died for a bit there."
"I'll let it slide because he's young"
"I'll let it slide because he's young"
"This is the greatest gif ever."
"Math Atheist.. Matheist?"
"So I was watching this hot lesbian scene  and out popped a dick.."
"Put this as your Facebook picture and see what happens"
"Got some Facebook Gold!"
"I've been staring for awhile now"
"Evil flower hates you!"
"Dead Flower"
"Found this in my news feed  thought it belonged here."
"Not bad."
"For the love of god!"
"Turn the Page"
"Seafood Japan"
"Black Hole-Powered Jet of Electrons and Sub-Atomic Particles Streams From Center of Galaxy M87 [Hubble]"
"Black Hole-Powered Jet of Electrons and Sub-Atomic Particles Streams From Center of Galaxy M87"
"Cats know it better"
"Cat as a hat"
"Email from a friend - CatHat"
"Time for sleep"
"so I found out cholombians are a thing."
"San Francisco in Ruins  2000 Ft. above San Francisco Bay in 1906"
"I work for a CNC milling manufacturer. Today I had to test a plasma cutting machine. I made this! (Skyrim in Steel) from /r/gaming/"
"I work for a CNC milling manufacturer. Today I had to test a plasma cutting machine. I made this! (Skyrim in Steel) [fixed] - Imgur"
"Me when i click and it isn't safe"
"R.I.P Neil. It looked like a lot of fun!"
"It's hard to get tire of this picture_(FIXED)"
"Just to put things into perspective"
"Putting our Solar System into perspective. A universal perspective."
"Mind = blown"
"Just makes you feel good"
"&quot;What the fuck am I going to do with all these fucking hotdogs?&quot;"
"Who do you call  hotshot? Who do you call??"
"Whenever someone else &quot;fixes&quot; my post and scores more upvotes than I did"
"i heard reddit likes bacon and skyrim... [more pics inside]"
"I Googled &quot;How to leave Reddit&quot;..."
"Searched &quot;bacon people&quot; - more than i bargained for"
"Microwave Demon"
"So this is what happens if you put a mobile phone in a microwave?"
"free candy"
"Taxonomy test. My students are clever."
"I mean....it's technically correct?"
"Some boobs are better than others."
"I must go"
"The hero we deserve"
"Because he's the hero Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now"
"Because he's the hero Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now"
"The best in the series in my opinion."
"Introducing  Robert Meowny Jr"
"Robert Downey Jr as a cat!"
"I always wondered what Robert Downey Junior would be like as a cat.."
"Robert Kitty Jr."
"Robert Meowney Junior"
"I don't even know what to call this...."
"Brain$"
"I still don't understand this"
"That is one expensive haircut"
"Seems legit"
"Every time my roommate gets pizza delivered"
"So…uhm  this exists…"
"Funny how christians never speak of the inevitable aftermath of Noah's ark"
"Why does this exist? [x-post r/funny]"
"Fuck logic"
"Disturbing school mascot. [FIXED]"
"The BEST of the Disturbing school mascot"
"Christians were once Atheists"
"Christians were once Atheists (x-post from funny)"
"Jesus Goes Out in Style"
"DJ Christ"
"Imagine a world..."
"Imagine a word..."
"Imagine a world... (xpost from r/funny)"
"Say this on r/funny... I guess it also belongs here"
"What is this sorcery?!"
"Who knows  it might be true. - Imgur"
"LOL 4chan."
"Some of these are kind of creepy"
"Epic yearbook quote"
"Asian mentality"
"Quite the view"
"USS Dwight D. Eisenhower POV"
"MMMMM Cock! [NSFW]"
"Whenever I see something funny"
"Husky Corgi mix is the cutest thing ever"
"Party's Over [gif]"
"You know you're broke when this gives you a boner"
"Ahh  my childhood."
"I don't always break my finger  but when I do  it's Damien Walters style."
"I don't always break my finger  but when I do  it's by trying to copy Damien Walters..."
"Meanwhile in McDonalds..."
"Anatomically correct leggings"
"When someone starts talking about their SO or children."
"Looks like the party's in the basement."
"so   I'm never sleeping again"
"No. (nsfw)"
"This is udder-ly WTF worthy."
"So came across this in my news feed (NSFW)"
"WTF INTERNET"
"So I googled &quot;Things reddit likes&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Making the best out of a bad situation"
"Dolphin Tattoo Win"
"This turned out surprisingly well!"
"Food Chain"
"Guess it's not as funny when it happens to you."
"OMG! SHARK!"
"Meth - Not Even Once.."
"Not even once."
"Vote Adolf Hitler? Um... Ja?"
"Realistic rendering of a Smurf"
"Even our vandals are nice in Canada"
"Saw this on 4chan  probably a repost I dont care it made me laugh."
"It's Caturday."
"Bill Nye has made 56 trips around the sun. Happy Birthday  Science Guy!"
"A drawing that I think is awesome."
"Hope this doesn't happen to me today."
"Happy Birthday"
"This gif sums up why i'll never be invited to birthday parties anymore"
"Happy Birthday!!!"
"KO cake"
"How NOT to blow out candles"
"How NOT to blow out your candles."
"How I feel as a UT fan celebrating my cake day..."
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ [god mode]"
"Master of the （╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"SHIT SHIT SHIT OH SHITTY SHIT SHIT"
"Longboard loop de loop"
"the 90s in one photo."
"The 1990's in one picture"
"The 90's in one photo"
"The early-90's in one picture."
"Haters goin' hate."
"Bunny &amp; Bullsh*t"
"Nope."
"This little guy definitely belongs here."
"I only know that I want one"
"China’s snub-nosed monkey"
"Awesome art but I don't know the artist. Anyone?"
"Tired of online dating?"
"Good Photography Timing  Bad Time for a Stroll."
"CLEARLY"
"Did you know that Scrooge McDuck is Donald's Uncle?"
"Most people will probably consider this kitten to be cute."
"My buddy left his Reddit page up after browsing... am I doing this right?"
"I was trying to prove to my girlfriend the &quot;Sweater Kitten&quot; is a euphemism for boobs. Google gave me this."
"How rats get ripped"
"Wait… the fuck were they TRYING to do?"
"The ultimate example of &quot;what the hell did you expect to happen?!&quot;"
"I see your dog enjoying a birthday  and I raise you an overly emotional Pug!"
"pugs always look like they just recalled something they had forgotten to do. - Imgur"
"Where i thought my drawings would go after i erased them when i was a kid.."
"Can we all shut up now?"
"People really need to understand this"
"Don't know where to post this.. Was this photoshopped in? or was something photoshopped out? original source in comments"
"Heston Blumenthal's head does not stack well. (Cross-Post from /r/unitedkingdom)"
"Every time I trash talk on Xbox Live"
"Can't stop staring at this"
"Whoa  dude."
"Mindfuck"
"Insane 3D and spooky too!"
"If you need a nice Calvin and Hobbes background... look not further."
"RBSP Night Launch"
"What every girl loves..."
"Suggestion for upgrading the Statue of Liberty"
"They see us rolling"
"Painful fail"
"Most 'WTF' GIF I've ever seen  anyone know where it's from?"
"Whenever I try to get off Reddit"
"I Lol'd"
"Whenever I try to get off reddit"
"Pretty much (r/gifs)"
"Let me be your guide"
"Just an excited rabbit"
"Time to wake up"
"I call him  Ironstuckonhistummy Boy!"
"So I hear you like castles."
"I would kill to live in this house"
"hunter s. thompson  john cusack  johnny depp  and a blow-up doll. raging hard- late into the night."
"The greatest picture ever."
"He just can't sleep without it"
"He just can't sleep without it (/xpost from pics)"
"SO  yeah  hum  I don't want to brush my teeth anymore  ever..."
"When I browse Reddit drunk"
"Bible Logic"
"This guy"
"An Air Force C-5 Galaxy unloads a MH-53 helicopter. ( 1500x997"
"OM NOM NOM [x-post /r/militaryporn]"
"Bob Marley made from CDs"
"Michael Jackson  James Brown  Bob Marley made of CD's"
"Ok  ready? Anddd a 1  and a - Ohhh.. shit."
"Ok  ready? Anddd a 1  and a - Ohhh.. shit. [xpost from r/funny]"
"Long Exposure of an Airliner Takeoff"
"Just keep turning left"
"OHH G-G-G-GOD IT'S HAPP-PA-PA-PENING!"
"Chug this and then toss it into the thermal exhaust port."
"Prolly had it coming"
"Albino Turtle"
"&quot;Lair of the Trapmaster&quot; - oglaf"
"I'm pretty sure this has been posted before  but I've never laughed so hard in my life."
"danger: zone ahead"
"Slow motion wine glass shattering"
"Daylight Savings Time -&gt; One extra hour of guilt-free browsing on reddit!"
"Me and my co workers when my boss says we can leave early"
"wat. A true WTF.. [NSFL]"
"Why would you do this? NSFW"
"I made the face."
"How Dick got the nickname &quot;slim&quot; NSFW"
"Worlds most famous picture in today's perspective"
"Hello..."
"Coke vs. Pepsi gone too far..."
"You don't have to do this..."
"Hate to have your tongue fall apart"
"wtf"
"tongue crevices"
"My friend left his Reddit open. He's are gross ass tongue."
"Every letter of the alphabet in one GIF"
"i will be jumping over you now"
"Oh my god. It’s the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Now that I have seen this  I can die happy."
"Quick brown fox jumps over lazy dog"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"All the fucking time."
"Happens at least twice a day"
"My dad's a woman's rights activist"
"A virus maybe?"
"Gangsta nap: Hug life"
"Gangsta"
"Too... Much... Cheezburger."
"Drugs dont do them."
"It's simple really. Close eyes  douchebags vanish."
"Holiday Fox [x-post from r/foxes]"
"Just a simple little fox."
"An extremely content Tibetan Fox."
"Ummm... who the fuck took this picture?"
"Curiosity Rover's 55 Picture Self-Portrait"
"Am I missing something? How was this photo taken..."
"Sounds about right (x-post from r/funny)"
"Sounds about right"
"World's Tallest Dog - A Great Dane who towers 2.2 metres (7 feet 4 inches) on his hind legs"
"the violator"
"I found this little guy with a knife in his eye on the street. Wouldn't trade him for anything"
"Desert Trek"
"Desert Trek [Fixed]"
"First thing I thought of!"
"Couldn't get Wild Arms out of my head for this"
"EPIC SONG FOR EPIC GIF OF EPICNESS"
"Pippin's Song"
"My take on the &quot;desert horseman&quot; gif"
"The first thing I thought of when I saw the horse riding GIF"
"My childhood nightmares... not gonna sleep tonight"
"Run MARS..RUN !!!"
"New virus discovered: Humans!"
"I find this hard to masturbate to"
"Why... I don't understand why!"
"Poor smart girls.."
"live a good life."
"A jarring realization."
"Meeeep!"
"Meep!"
"Paws!!"
"My friends sent me this after his son left for college"
"Anyone have any idea what this thing is? o-o"
"spot on"
"Rugrats fail"
"Um... ow?"
"Only in New Mexico"
"When I tried to explain reddit to my friend and she said it was still too confusing."
"How I felt when my first cake day post didn't get any upvotes."
"Don't drink and drive"
"Hey boy  looking for this..?"
"Hey boyz  looking for this.. ??"
"What is this I don't even"
"At least she doesn't have Alzheimer's"
"Forgetful grandma is forgetful."
"Just a little piece of advice for those starting No Shave November."
"Best thing since sliced bread"
"12 year old saves his sister's life using techniques he learned from WoW."
"When I pay my debts to the gang"
"I miss when the final boss in video games looked like this."
"my all time favorite gif/tv show"
"Fun bodily facts"
"I was like &quot;I'm going to check out 4chan  see what all the hype is about&quot;. I think I get it now."
"I actually searched &quot;something reddit would fuck&quot; and I got this  this beats the yeast out of the dough boy."
"My buddy was going through some photos and found this on my hard drive..."
"I'm breaking up with you."
"Dude  you're a Koala"
"Thirsty?"
"if it fits..it sits"
"Duck in a cup"
"Duck Training for Dummies: Chapter 1"
"You're doing it wrong!"
"Wave of the Future."
"Don't know why this made me laugh so hard"
"Adventure Time"
"You left your lights on... [pic]"
"Ninjas in training"
"It's my cakeday! Here's the first gif I ever saved."
"How ninjas goes to bed"
"Going to bed like a boss"
"Waking up on Saturday and realizing you don't have work [FIXED]"
"Not even going to try"
"Instant death is getting expensive."
"If instant death is not a sufficient deterrent..."
"All righty then."
"I cut myself shaving for the first time today  this was me on the inside."
"how i felt after realizing that i could start growing facial hair"
"Attempting to cook anything but ramen noodles"
"So I wanted to see what the hype was about in r/spacedicks."
"Checking out your ex girlfriend's profile."
"Every time I open Internet Explorer by accident."
"Me right after I ate a whole large pizza for dinner last night."
"I bought a Rolling Stone magazine today..."
"My thoughts after shaving off my pubes"
"Changing into a lane with construction ahead."
"So I decided to check out my myspace profile this morning."
"After deciding to not buy Shogun 2: Total war when the sale ended."
"After posting to /r/malefashionadvice wearing clothes I felt confident in"
"After deciding to go on a date with someone i knew to be a racist homophobe..."
"I deleted my Reddit account with over 5 000 karma as my New Years Resolution..."
"So I decided to check out /r/nosleep"
"Made plans with an ex  then I fapped"
"Cute baby happy about puppy!"
"When ever I'm on a swivel chair and someone walks in."
"Dog the Emperor"
"My dog when I come home from work"
"Religion explained."
"Light My Fire"
"So my friend's dog had some fun in the water sprinklers today"
"These two didn't know any better"
"I have a dream...."
"Random letters in imgur"
"Best Face Swap ive ever seen"
"This is wtf"
"Yo guys....Wake Up!"
"Hard to believe I was 120lbs heavier 3 years ago. All handmade costume  how did I do Reddit?"
"Girl loses 120lbs and turns into Lara Croft"
"Heard a tapping at the window..."
"Hug? Yes  yes? Aww..."
"She hungry"
"Most people know Stephen Hawking the wheelchaired genius  but few people know Stephen Hawking the hipster"
"Nightmare at 20 000 Feet"
"Oh no...."
"Drunken Guy talk"
"My reaction to people clapping once the plane lands safely in Ireland"
"Gangster"
"We Run This Shit"
"We run this shit!"
"We run this shit!"
"So true."
"First human in space."
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Your favourite godless desktop background."
"My favorite picture"
"Yuri Gagarin"
"Yup. I've got nothing."
"uggghhh why did i drink soo much an smoke soo much"
"Past and Present"
"Oh i love this scene"
"The Internet Has Ruined Me"
"This is why colour matters..."
"The power of photoshop"
"As a Canadian my self  I find this funny"
"Canadian Problems"
"Canada."
"Canadian problems"
"This shit creeps me the fuck out"
"This might be creep you out"
"I miss this show."
"Tiny turtle is tiny."
"Cute little turtle guy."
"Say hello to this little guy"
"Baby turtle!"
"RAWR House"
"NOM NOM NOM"
"deerrppp"
"Can't decide if this house is evil or funny"
"the dudes from The Boondock Saints"
"The Boondock Saints making the most righteous kill of all......"
"if only this was real"
"Daryl  shooting zombies and fairies"
"u mad  brain?"
"Mindfucked."
"Not what it seems."
"wait. what ?! [GIF]"
"What??"
"This made my head feel funny"
"Every time you post something."
"Every time I click on a r/WTF link by accident."
"I finally gathered up enough courage to visit r/spacedicks..."
"Whenever I Browse /r/wtf..."
"Just went to /rspacedicks..."
"My Reaction after i found the reactiongifsarchive..."
"How I felt after stumbling on to genki-genki.com from r/wtf"
"Colbert on Bachmann"
"My response when my mom asked if I was going to church tomorrow"
"Men vs. Women"
"Saw this in my facebook news feed.."
"shit!shit!shit!shit!shit!"
"Googled 'funny pug'. I was not disappointed..."
"This guy is cooler than I thought!"
"Denied"
"Oh Bill!"
"Clinton kiss fail.."
"Bill_Clintowned"
"Looks like Hillary is still mad."
"Whenever I get an upvote."
"Killer relationship."
"Cool outdoor gym"
"Pussy Game's Ridiculous"
"o rugrats  i love your graphics"
"Deedee"
"Is this heterochromia?"
"Wat."
"Thanks Reddit!"
"This picture is literally the reason I don't block ads on Reddit."
"Well  this is the only smile I get when I wake up..."
"I love silly moose"
"I get called that a lot"
"Upskirt pussy."
"Kitty from Underneath"
"A Cat sitting down from underneath"
"ever wondered what the underside of a cat sitting down looks like"
"Mobile first world problems"
"When you have hardly any service and this fuckin screen stays on for like 10 minutes...."
"first time i hit the random button on imgur..."
"Guess you're all gay now..."
"Yeah that's.. sexy..."
"Sentimental Keanu"
"Keanu  just stop it"
"Angsty Keanu"
"Ohhh no... a fire!"
"In case of a fire."
"Mountain Dew &amp; Dorito cupcakes"
"Three condoms please"
"&quot;Where have I gone wrong?&quot; - Charles M. Schulz [3000 x 1198]"
"Albert Wesker's new sidekick"
"The very first result for &quot;US state map&quot; on Google Images."
"boss fight"
"Boss levels"
"Why I can't hold a job"
"Ducky cup (found on Internet)"
"I was going through all my pictures and I have no idea why I have this."
"This is… perfect"
"Martin Luther King Jr. removing a burned cross from his front yard"
"There's only one word for a tattoo of this magnitude"
"Just a response to the pope kissing an imam"
"whaa?"
"I don't even know..."
"As long as people are sharing &quot;This always makes me laugh&quot; pics...."
"Friends..."
"Got this a while ago  still gives me the chuckles"
"Mean while at the Dinosaur Museum."
"oh you know  just Lana Del Rey"
"Why you should spelcheck!"
"Third Wheel Level: Cat"
"Still one of my favorite cat pictures"
"&quot;I haven't played Skyrim in a long time. I wonder what new stuff is in the workshop.&quot;"
"Skywat"
"How those of us without dads feel every father's day"
"Cat climbs into fish bowl"
"Nicholson is not amused by trolls"
"Better run"
"&quot;Fuck you.&quot;"
"This is the look of a man who is not amused."
"Gudvangen  Norway"
"Nasa"
"It's simple..."
"Not Sure Who'd Appreciate More- r/Movies or r/Gaming..."
"This is awful and in poor taste. That being said  what the fuck is this and why does it exist?"
"Miracles...."
"Mistakes into Miracles"
"Mistakes Into Miracles"
"Hope Sprouts Eternal  I guess"
"Maximum ???????"
"wtf internet (not sure if repost)"
"Average redditor waiting for that one guy to take a shit"
"How I feel after browsing Reddit for too long"
"I think I'll check Reddit  but only for a second..."
"So I just googled &quot;How to reddit&quot;  this was the second image. I'm satisfied."
"How I feel down-voting a post at 0....."
"My reaction when my girlfriend told me that she is getting a cat."
"How I felt downvoting the quickmeme translator to 0."
"Einstein at the Beach"
"Albert Einstein at the beach in 1945"
"The perfect combination of brains and beauty"
"To your Albert Einstein in slippers  I give you Albert Einstein in ladies heels."
"Not sure if cosplay or he was just misbehaving..."
"Dog walking dog"
"Just a dog walking his dog."
"Oh my dog we're obsolete!"
"The only time you can holler &quot;Who's walking who?&quot;"
"Taking myself for a walk"
"Is it because she was a woman?"
"The hills are alive with the sound of music."
"An ex let me know how our pets were getting on without me..."
"Mr. Rogers taught me everything I know today"
"How I feel running in to an ex [fixed][fixed]"
"Mr. Rogers  how many fucks do you give?"
"When asked to stay late at work when it's the weekend..."
"Every time my boss wants me to do extra work ... for free."
"I work at a bank  and this is how I feel when people accuse me of pocketing their money."
"HIFW i fail a test  then realize i was moved out of the class.................."
"Mr. Rodgers: FU with a smile."
"Will be using this gif a lot"
"My reaction when people say &quot;you should go out more often!&quot;"
"Today was my first day buying items for the Steam Summer Sale..."
"After reading about the man who jumped in the tiger pen  I can only imagine this is how he felt."
"Me after depositing money into my online poker account."
"Go Go Gadget  Chopper!"
"Ever have a feeling your being hated? Yeah  let them hate"
"Facebook in a nutshell."
"Sounds good to me!"
"My homosexual Asian Roomate decided to set up the wireless in our house last night..."
"Strong Wifi in Boston"
"Searching for Wi-Fi on a ferry  when I find this."
"Can't see how this can go wrong"
"I see your secret meth lab and raise you this!"
"Don't we all?"
"When I defeat an English Major at Words with Friends."
"A man's gotta eat..."
"A man's gotta eat"
"We were horsing around in Chemistry today."
"Rick Santorum Giving a Speech (x-post from r/pics)"
"Why? (pic)"
"We can still be???"
"my face when the bass drops"
"The Kenny G affect"
"Psychopathic beatboxing"
"ERMAHGERD CLERERNERT!"
"I had to put down my 18 year old feline buddy last weekend. He had such a sense of humor."
"Genius."
"Colonel Meow [That was an easy repost - still had the tab open]"
"Simple Texas Rules"
"Sunflowers . . . Serbia"
"Magical sunset light over the sunflower field"
"A beautiful field of sunflowers"
"Saw this near the front page  it's like a plains card  but real life..."
"Sure makes me proud"
"How to become an Australian Prime Minister"
"Our Best Prime Minister yet"
"Agree or not  still pretty funny [Spoons made me fat]"
"An argument that never made sense to me"
"Ban Guns!"
"An argument that never made sense to me"
"I believe in gun control but this made me laugh."
"Insecure Girlfriend"
"Facebook is like an insecure girlfriend"
"Overly Attached Facebook"
"Happy Holidays from Russia!"
"I will never unwrap a present again."
"How I imagine all the bridesmaids at the bouquet tossing"
"How I feel when people come to my apartment..."
"How I feel living in a new apartment with too little furniture"
"Cuddly Owl Puppy"
"Cute in the same way Steve Buschemi is"
"Such a little Owl."
"Honest Abe the athiest..."
"This is what it feels like every time i TRY to do something productive."
"Enough is enough"
"Nickelodeon - Making us hate hipsters since 1991"
"The first hipster of my childhood"
"Wait What Is He Looking At?"
"Rock beats Scissors  Scissor beats Paper  Paper beats ... wait what?"
"This is by far the best ROCK PAPER SCISSOR logic."
"Follow These Directions"
"I want one!"
"Cute monkey"
"Cute monkey"
"Baby monkey in a bath (X-Post from /r/gifs)"
"The Ideal Government"
"Just reading a paper..."
"Newspaper man"
"I cant help but laugh at this.."
"This makes me want to become a teacher..."
"Why are you guys so afraid about coming to Finland?"
"What could the History channel have possibly been showing for this to have happened?!"
"BEAR! Everyone play dead!"
"Bear! Bear come closer."
"I think you're cute"
"True love&lt;3"
"I hope you don't get mauled by a bear"
"This is how I flirt"
"Oh God I Looked Again"
"Suddenly  everything changed..."
"How I imagine a perfect summer's eve (x-post from r/breakingbad)"
"How to avoid awkward silences"
"I do this all the time. It is most effective."
"Can you teach me how to face plant?"
"&quot;OHHH SNAP!&quot;"
"Whenever I try to show off one of my 'talents' on Reddit"
"Whenever I try to make my own memes."
"Looking into a microwave popcorn bag while opening it"
"African sunset"
"&quot;Which way did they go?&quot;"
"the toughest redditor"
"Chest Hair Upvote"
"This guy should be the official Reddit UFC Fighter"
"What my Google+ is like now"
"Just got a smart phone  ready to take and upload funny pictures at any moment."
"Meanwhile on Google+..."
"So that's how that happened..."
"Whenever I'm feeling down  this never fails to make me laugh."
"What newer computers are missing... [fixed]"
"Before I discovered the Internet. [Fixed]"
"How you know you're fucked."
"Nah thanks -Satan"
"Charter's customer service reached a new creepy level"
"Knowing when to quit is half the battle..."
"Always remember to report them"
"My thoughts exactly."
"Wait  how'd he get a server in Disney World?"
"Ignorance."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Smart move  drunk Brandon"
"Thought I'd found my friend on Reddit...[FB]"
"haw streakingsquirrel got karma"
"He forgot how to gravity"
"this food is delicious"
"Skull fucking: What med students do for fun."
"Now this  this is gangster"
"The initiation to get into this gang must be brutal"
"Every time I see someone praying"
"Me trying to understand twitter"
"Good thing I go to Supercuts."
"Raptor Stylist."
"Raptor barber"
"Every fucking time"
"Hello there !"
"How I feel in class with a laptop... (X-post /r/mylittlepony)"
"How to float on water"
"What sorcery is this?"
"We're expecting a baby"
"oh batman  its wonderful."
"r/WTF  it's my birthday! So here's a strange picture from deep in my collection for you."
"The world needs a new super hero... one is on the way..."
"Super Spiderbaby? Spider Babyman?"
"I have no words for this..."
"Just bought my first DSLR camera (Canon Eos T2i). This is how I feel."
"Gets me every time..."
"This is why I love Ted from scrubs"
"I would not date Siri..."
"Siri you are so counter productive"
"Exam was a piece of cake"
"How I wish exams went for me..."
"The more upvotes you get  the harder you fall."
"Oh...Didn't see you there..."
"Best Costume Ever!!!"
"My halloween costume this year"
"Worship me"
"What I imagine my Cat is thinking when I shout at him to stop clawing the curtains."
"My cat's reaction upon my return from Afghanistan."
"Well  I guess this is the downvote cat!"
"cat-avatar"
"I'm not religious  but this photo from Sandy took my breath away."
"So Mad!"
"What downvoting someone with one upvote looks like."
"Watching a post fail on cakeday."
"Great pick up line"
"I HAVE NO SON!"
"What?"
"Steam profile  mocks religion in one part"
"Golden Monkeys"
"Now THIS I need!"
"Well  are ya?"
"Well  that's one way to answer the question..."
"Well  how did he respond?"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Psychic Assaulted"
"What are you gonna do  stab me?"
"Film Recipes"
"Basic Movie Recipes."
"first pc game i ever played - hugo's house of horrors"
"I've got two of reddit's favorite things"
"If Donald Trump doesn't get elected president..."
"instant karma"
"I got mail delivery failure"
"Got mail delivery failure"
"Is there a problem officer?"
"cat and baby"
"This is MY home town. Needless to say I don't live there more either."
"Mmm  appropriate?"
"Don't worry  Libya..."
"'Murrica"
"Dogfighting"
"Asian dog fighting"
"TOYS!"
"my favorite face swap"
"Seems relevant again."
"Seems relevant again."
"This really annoyed me - Neil Armstrong"
"How to get hit by a car like a boss!"
"This appeared on my facebook feed - it seems reddit worthy."
"The cutest things in the world"
"So you're old enough to remember stuff.."
"Whenever i hear someone say &quot;swag forever&quot;"
"Spider Ambush [NSFL]"
"I MUST GO...."
"disturbing catman"
"Had to be done"
"Had to be done {FIXED}"
"I know everyone has seen this before  but it struck a nerve today after I had a particularly nasty argument with a good friend... I'm going to go apologize now."
"&quot;A mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam&quot;"
"I don't care if you've seen this before. Some things are timeless."
"If you see a man juggling bowling balls. Keep the fuck away!"
"Big Head"
"Easter Island just became 1 million percent more impressive."
"Easter Island just became 1 million percent more impressive."
"Full Easter Island statue"
"Easter Island  unearthed."
"Tetris Skydiving"
"There's Always That One Kid In School..."
"How it looks when my dad tries to impress my friends."
"im pretty gangster myself"
"So my friend is at a wedding  and sent me the seating chart..."
"The creators of Reddit. Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian"
"This may be a little late  but I'm thankful for the creators of Reddit  Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian."
"David Guetta's piano [fixed]"
"Piano for Rap"
"Hey  check out my new tattoo!"
"Where is my head......?"
"I guess Darth Vader didn't use one."
"STOP JUDAS DAS GAY"
"stop judas das gay"
"jesus smells nice"
"X-post from r/funny"
"Do I smell watermelon?"
"Do I smell watermelon?"
"An intelligent athlete avoids useless efforts"
"Sometimes Facebook pays off..."
"I see you."
"the REAL overly manly man"
"Looks like Ron Swanson truly is an overly manly man"
"Look who I found in Ron Swanson's office"
"Smoking level 99"
"Just a Parakeet."
"What those GW people think."
"He came to serve."
"How I felt when my crush replied."
"After all this years  it's never lost its magic"
"Fireworks  Comet  Thunderstorm. In the words of Willow Smith's father  &quot;Welcome to Earth.&quot;"
"Great behind the scenes photo from The Empire Strikes Back."
"Behind the Scenes of Star Wars"
"Anakin  you ARE the father!"
"Juggling"
"Sex with Chuck (SFW)"
"The Meaning is zen"
"It's my Cake Day!!!"
"My buddy passed out at a party last night"
"The way my cousins dog plays dead"
"Kitten Blanket"
"Anyone know why stingrays are evolving legs?"
"Baby Stingray with legs."
"Let's be honest... we all did it"
"Expecto Patronum"
"If there was ever anything that deserved to be posted to this subreddit...."
"Wanna join?"
"Just a relaxing afternoon in the hot tub..."
"Cat Found"
"Finland? More like Winland"
"Mario Party"
"Mario and his parties"
"How the characters must feel"
"omg  which film is that."
"Like a boss."
"Trust in Odin."
"Whenever I get into an argument with a stubborn asshole."
"The universe is a beautiful thing"
"MGM lion is the real fuckin deal"
"Shooting the MGM logo  1924"
"Bald bears look as scary as bears SHOULD."
"I see you forgot your coat."
"Oh mange  is there anything you can't do?"
"The origins of the universe"
"Step Ladder"
"Still my favorite."
"Photoshop master."
"Attempting to take all the groceries in one trip."
"After my weekly shop.."
"It always good to have some portable stick butter"
"Great TDKR painting on the street"
"this is how i discovered the internet"
"How I feel introducing my friends to Reddit [FIXED]"
"Just beautiful"
"Fall Cat- xpost r/pics"
"Skillful taxidermy. You almost can't see the nail that holds it on the fence."
"Cops in Canada"
"Paper cut finder"
"i must find gonzo"
"My exact reaction to spiders."
"Sup?"
"sup bro"
"Did you know?"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"As a female  NOoo!!!"
"I'm full of owls!"
"Me nearly at the end of &quot;the legend of korra&quot;"
"Why can't I win a PS3 and a PSP....."
"When i Found Out That My Friend Liked A 4chan Post On Facebook.."
"How i feel getting down voted on a post i worked hard to make."
"New twist on &quot;Whiskey Dick&quot;."
"It happens to us all  Jack"
"The Deadly Facts About Water"
"Found this in the depths of my computer"
"Just got out of jail"
"Just got out of jail"
"How does this work??"
"Peter is proud"
"Proud Pete"
"My reaction when a girl I've been pursuing tells me she has a bf"
"FINISH HIM!"
"Wo bodaboboadbaoadjsfhlkrjh Yaahhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Wo bodaboboadbaoadjsfhlkrjh Yaahhhhhhhhhhh! (xpost from /r/funny"
"Bicycle Kick"
"Hey! Love Me!"
"Excuse me..."
"Hey... Hey excuse me... Can I has attention?"
"Excuse me..."
"Excuse me... (x-post from r/aww)"
"Here is a cuteness overload"
"How to piss off a Star Wars  Harry Potter  and LoTR fan"
"My first attempt with the PhotoShop"
"Immediately after getting home from a week long vacation with the family"
"How I picture the admins when it says &quot;reddit is under heavy load right now  sorry.&quot;"
"Me at the end of September"
"The first day of October for some reditors [nsfw]"
"Day 8 of the No Fap September Challenge."
"What I think October 1st is going to be like for a lot of you."
"i found this on tumblr. it made my heart melt."
"hmm... yes  quite."
"Ah Good Sir..."
"It's my first cake day. This is the funniest thing I could find."
"Ah  Good sir!"
"I don't know why  but this makes me laugh every time..."
"I don't know Why...But this makes me laugh every time!"
"Gentleman Baby"
"What I feel while arguing with people on Youtube."
"March of the Penguins 2: Takin' Back the Streets"
"Penguins closing in on a little girl in the city"
"Just James Bond playing Nintendo DS"
"Pretty much sums up Reddit..."
"Did you notice?"
"This poor thing is infected by ticks."
"I can't look at this for too long..."
"A placenta teddy bear"
"forget your zen pads  Tardis  hipster apartment. all i need is this"
"Nintendo Battlestation"
"When I read the &quot;Name four random items I'd find in your pocket and I'll tell you your cause of death&quot; post"
"Trying this again: Only 492 years later..."
"Lifespan of a Tree"
"Tree of ages."
"My face when I discovered reddit and all its awesomeness"
"Cheese!"
"I'm Fabulous"
"Love dogs on the back of pickups"
"my dad's friends dog"
"Oops... oww"
"Kangaroo WIN"
"How cute"
"It is not always cats that are assholes."
"Bitch I got a hovercraft"
"Fuck you. I'm a cat on a Roomba"
"this belongs here"
"Trying to reach the front page"
"Horse with excellent timing"
"My tablet game wish"
"I choose you"
"Ash Ketchum"
"I don't know if I'm OK with this."
"Wait for it."
"So accurate"
"The New Star Trek Movie"
"(Titel not loading)"
"Yeah?!? Well come out here and say that!!!"
"Cats"
"If you're reading this  you've earned it!"
"When a teacher catches you chewing gum in class"
"How FPS games are made"
"Eminem never stops entertaining"
"stopping trespassers one at a time"
"Duuuhr"
"Long live 4chan..."
"Christ's Sake"
"&quot;I thought you said you'd clean the bathroom today.&quot;"
"Gangnam Prince"
"Trying to make the frontpage of Reddit."
"So close..."
"This is what happens when I try to dunk a basketball"
"Tried autoerotic asphyxiation and passed out halfway through."
"Whenever I try to send something funny to someone who uses reddit"
"I believe I can fly"
"Fail Jam"
"My attempt at college thus far..."
"He was so close"
"How I feel missing my Cake Day by 3 Days."
"I never get tired of looking at these... this one is MY fav..."
"Hipster Abe"
"Maybe a repost  too good not to share"
"Pokemon Celebrities"
"As a guy who has never eaten a Twinkie [Fixed]"
"Whatever you want me to be"
"Oh  Ditto  you dirty Pokemon!"
"It totally is."
"Happy birthday day Batman bin suparman!"
"Human is powerless against this sign"
"Me  trying to get to the front page."
"Attempting to make the front page."
"when i post something thinking it'll do well but everyone hates it"
"How I feel whenever I post something to reddit"
"I'm so startled"
"I once had a nightmare of this ..."
"Seems Legit."
"jealous?"
"Giant Ice Marbles (how-to + source in comments)"
"How to handle road rage. Level: Boss"
"Aww c'mon siri"
"Good morning  Siri"
"Siri might be a guy..."
"I'll never stop searching"
"Tell me a limerick  Siri."
"I tried the Australian voice for Siri."
"Seems some of the male population and Siri share a common problem"
"Siri always knows just what to say."
"&quot;Talk dirty to me&quot;"
"Good to know  Siri... Good to know"
"Siri  you're worthless!!"
"Siri is my offspring."
"Getting really tired of your shit Siri"
"Oh Siri"
"The first thing I did when I got my new iPhone"
"Oh Siri"
"IT KNOWS"
"Some men just want the world to burn.."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"You had one job."
"What's the shortest distance between two points?"
"You son of a bitch  I'm right behind you!"
"Fuck roundabouts"
"Favorite .gif of the year"
"A pug with vampire teeth. That is all."
"Donut+Nutella"
"This guy has cojones."
"Can somebody tell me what this is from?"
"Dinner Time"
"so whoever uses this gif gets upvoted"
"What in the world is this?!?"
"It's dinner time"
"The most WTF gif ever"
"Oh children..."
"Lost my appetite"
"Dinner at my uncles"
"Oh children..."
"Dinner Time!"
"What time is it?"
"r/gifs did not really like it  but I think it fits better here."
"Dinner Time"
"Can somebody explain this gif to me?"
"Oh god  my sides[NSFW?]"
"I can't stop laughing"
"This one always makes me laugh"
"Don't be late!"
"Oh  children  it's... dinner time!"
"DING DING DING!"
"Dinner Time..."
"Oh Children... It's... Dinner time!"
"oh children..."
"So i searches &quot;shit gettin crazy&quot; and... yea"
"Oh Children..."
"How the RT staff must feel about anyone who asks: &quot;Can I get a job at Roosterteeth?&quot;"
"Here's some historical restoration work I did a couple of weeks ago"
"I don't want to wake you though"
"Yes  you may..."
"His name is my name too."
"The recipe called for two cups of kittens"
"Frankie Muniz putting someone in his place"
"Better apply some aloe to that burn"
"I think I'll eat a crocodile today"
"Thought this gif was cool  wanted to share it."
"Skyrim v Adventure Time"
"I wish this was real"
"How do I look?"
"The Smithsonian tells it like it is."
"O shit they caught me."
"Just look at this"
"/r/AWW  condensed version. (x/post from /r/aww)"
"Quality Facebook find"
"When Arguing With Creationists..."
"This is Murray. Murray has muttonchops."
"Meet Murray. Murray has muttonchops."
"im out"
"kitten vs pillow"
"Thimbaaaaaa.."
"How I sometimes feel when submitting something to reddit"
"I heard Reddit is fond of cute kittens"
"The only pic that makes me sad and aww at the same time"
"Helicoptero! [x-post r/tricking]"
"Seems Legit."
"Everytime something from Apple come out..."
"Meanwhile at the iPhone 5 launch....."
"you aren't even trying any more browser games"
"i feel like i can smell it through the screen"
"O.O"
"Benghazi Muslim"
"Benghazi Muslim on Women"
"I know what you are"
"History Channel decision board"
"Im tired of this meme already"
"This is a leptocephalus"
"Turning off your cellphone when it goes off in class"
"This is what i do at a funeral when my phone goes off."
"accidentally clicks on r/spacedicks"
"Fighting games"
"Club Can't Even Handle Me Right Now!"
"What I did to my Game Boy after I'd thrown the pokeball"
"What I do when I play a champion with no mana"
"How Skrillex makes music."
"I got nothing"
"CRANE style...?! [xpost from gifs]"
"(x-post /r/reactiongifs) Fuck this shit I'm out"
"Fuck this shit I'm leaving"
"Pro Skating Superman"
"Breasts like coconuts"
"You gotta work for it."
"I shit my pants just looking at it."
"Ultimate WaterSlide"
"this version is more relavent to today's society"
"Simple Simon"
"Ever wonder what a thermal image of a person farting looks like? No? Well  knowledge is power."
"You can't be Charlie Sheen!"
"Charlie Sheen"
"/r aww needs more geckos"
"How I felt when I found out the girl my ex left me for cheated on him."
"How I feel after I got over 1600 link karma in less than a day"
"Do that dance."
"i dont wanna live on this planet anymore"
"this fits well..."
"My buddy sent me this. I feel so violated."
"Little Miss Grand Supreme!"
"Being drunk at a wedding."
"oh god...i'm alice"
"Tracy Caldwell Dyson in Cupola ISS"
"Self portrait of Tracy Caldwell Dyson in the Cupola module of the International Space Station observing the Earth below during Expedition 24"
"A room with a view."
"Somehow  it seems rather plausible."
"Played Plague Inc. with a parasite named Religion"
"My worst fear."
"I am a terrible person..."
"The Terminator trying to save us all headache"
"Protect jesus"
"Not a single fuck was given that hot day."
"Kid bathing in a sink."
"Inexcusable."
"You still killed Dumbledore."
"I'll just leave this here for you Reddit. (Big thanks to westnicak from r/picrequests for making this hilarious gif)"
"Tom Hanks everybody."
"Jacob Wants To Be Brutal"
"The sad truth about student metal fans..."
"An abortion may have been the smarter choice [FIXED]"
"A good surprise is priceless..."
"Awesome Globe Gif is Awesome"
"This band is baahd"
"Metal goat"
"saw this on my newsfeed today"
"Concert goat"
"Oh my!"
"That is the cutest dress!"
"haha...no wonder I'm single"
"The Oscars  you say?"
"Give-A-Fuck-O-Meter"
"When all my friends are talking about Eurovision being tonight"
"Resemblance? Or no?"
"cute..."
"What the hell. X- post from r/funny"
"Santa on acid?"
"Wait for it..."
"Winning an argument against my mom."
"unexpectedly awesome gif"
"yeah...i got nothing"
"What i think of when i hear of Canada"
"When I have children  this will be Christmas for them."
"Still best gif ever!"
"Not sure what's going on here"
"Im not entirely sure what this is"
"santa's FAVORITE reindeer."
"Mr. Octopus."
"Drake Passage  Palmer Peninsula  Antarctica [1920x1200]"
"Drake Passage  Antarctica"
"Head stand on car"
"So inspirational."
"Walk away  my friend. Walk away"
"This doesn't concern you. Keep walking."
"Any Argument on the Internet"
"When I argue even though I know I'm wrong"
"So much cocaine"
"Not sure if repost but funny."
"The Sparks"
"Every time that I get upvotes on Reddit"
"I found this on my dorm room ceiling with a blacklight. Anyone know what it means?"
"My theaters reaction to the ending of &quot;Sinister&quot;"
"Slinky Magic"
"Slinkies can hover in the air! Sort of!"
"Can anyone translate or tell me what is going on here? [nsfw]"
"L'enculeur de Mouches  To Be Nitpicky"
"Bomb tech competency exam"
"Ketchup robot  nailed it"
"How kids in my dorm apparently pee"
"Uranus: not even once."
"Best dogpic on the internet"
"Dogs are just the cutest animals!"
"Sex Dolls. Cringeworthy."
"I'm drinking Capri  son"
"BANOASDCS"
"Big Ass Nigga on a Scouter Drinkin' Capri Sun other wise known as BANS"
"Viva La Resolution"
"How I imagine people who post reposts"
"I never thought that anyone would teach me."
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 7 minutes.&quot;"
"When I go over ONE mb on my data plan  one day before a new cycle begins"
"Two husky puppies"
"Puppy love"
"Puppy romance"
"Fusion Ha!"
"I took a picture of my girlfriend next to this sign. She thought I was taking it because of the scenery."
"Weeeeeeeeeee"
"An elephant on a trampoline. As posted on Stephen Fry's Twitter. That is all..."
"Bounce bounce bounce"
"Trampoline Elephant"
"Elephant on trampoline."
"Gif is irrelephant"
"One can only dream..."
"It's simply irrelephant"
"I could watch this for hour's"
"some goals are jut not relistic"
"Yesterday  we also defeated gravity"
"Huh... I would have chosen a different uniform for class picture day  but I think they are pulling these off."
"To infinity and behind!"
"Party on isle 15"
"Weather Forecasting Stone..."
"No hooking at anytime"
"Strange sign to see down the street..."
"This picture always makes me laugh"
"The dude likes his milk"
"This was in my local pet store. I must abide. (x-post r/funny)"
"23 is pretty old. [x-post from /r/StandUpShots]"
"23 years is a long time (xpost r/standupshots)"
"I'm getting married in a week. I need this."
"Oh Adelaide!"
"Only in Australia..."
"I know the tap water in Adelaide is bad  but...(ex-r/Australia)"
"King Tuts tomb before it was opened"
"&quot;Hey /r/magicTCG I'm building a mill deck and wanted your inpu-&quot;"
"When I'm in a particularly dangerous comment thread."
"What r/imgoingtohellforthis is actually like"
"How I felt when I went to r/toosoon today"
"Hipster Ariel"
"Hitting Random  which brings up Spacedicks. My reaction"
"When I Learned That Someone In The Bible Belt Won The Mega Millions Lottery"
"My reaction to everthing on April Fools Day."
"When my Mom tells me to eat my spinach"
"How I feel when I see a nsfw that's not labeled"
"Heard rumors about /r/spacedicks. Not going.. unless you can convince me"
"My sister's ex-boyfriend asked me out for a drink."
"So my curiosity got the better of me.. and I went on /r/Spaceclop"
"My wonderful and loving dad &quot;liked&quot; Paul Ryan on fb..."
"how i feel about my car breaking down the day i'm supposed to move"
"a 'melting candle' is the only way I can describe this image."
"Ummm? Nice feet?"
"If you ever need motivation to workout"
"If you turn that heater off behind you  you'll stop melting. (x-post from r/imgoingtohellforthis) [NSFW]"
"Never Forget"
"Never forget"
"How I feel"
"Remember nobody this November"
"Vote for nobody"
"Repost. I saw this and it scared the **** out of me. Guess why."
"Vote for NOBODY"
"This guy is doing it right!"
"For my real life cakeday I give you one of my favorite quotes from Carl Sagan"
"Found this gem at my local sushi bar..."
"Mmmm... My new favorite Sushi"
"Mmmm... My new favorite Sushi (x-post from r/funny)"
"Just the queen firing a LMG."
"Queen doing Queen things"
"Reddit to SupermanV2 right now"
"&quot;I smoke weed every day&quot;"
"Every time you leave the room..."
"How I feel when new a Redditor's first post makes the front page."
"Every time someone asks me relationship advice."
"Me when my friend tells me how much karma he has [.gif]"
"Found out everyone in my high school graduating class is graduating college... except me..."
"When I see my ex..."
"When someone gets front page with the same image you posted the previous day and got no upvotes"
"Don't touch his Fruity Pebbles..."
"Seriously  stay away."
"greatest gif I've ever seen"
"Walked into my mom's room and noticed this as her desktop background. Respect gained: ∞"
"Astronaut Kitty"
"Can I has? Nein!"
"Mein Kitty"
"Check out this tattoo (NSFW)"
"Zelda Tramp Stamp"
"drying my nails after painting them"
"Flying turtle."
"I give you The Floppy Snake of Brazil"
"That kid looks dangerous  subdue it!"
"what chu know 'bout HAWK FACE"
"Dr. Hawking is ready to party."
"Thug life"
"This."
"How I react when I walk into a class full of random losers."
"For the seven kingdoms Batman  get it together!"
"Batman  what have you done?"
"Batman  what have you done..."
"Scumbag Christian"
"Why youmad bro?"
"U MAD BRO?"
"Nerd Rage!"
"And people worship this guy...?"
"ta dah"
"It all makes sense now."
"How I felt this morning when I woke up with no hangover"
"So Went to McDonald's the other day and found out what Gabe Newell does instead of Half Life 3"
"Gaben Jr. (x-post from /r/Gaben"
"God help us if someone orders number 3"
"God help us if someone orders number 3 [xpost from /r/Halflife]"
"Just cooling off"
"When God created the OP"
"I was like wtf  but then I was like fuck yeah!"
"Nazi Robot Chainsaw Flamethrower"
"pol_has_joined_the_server.gif"
"Great shirt or greatest shirt?"
"Gamers dream - slightly (NSFW)"
"I need to buy 2 of these. Help me find them"
"Religion."
"'The idea just came to me'"
"Cat Carrier"
"Speed dating"
"Speed dating done right"
"For those of you who miss the old Reddit."
"This is why I'm afraid of 18 wheelers."
"Drive safely"
"They said I can be anything. So I became my own best friend"
"Since I saw this I have a new purpose"
"Those must be some serious symptoms"
"Fake Plastic Rangers Fan"
"Break?"
"Take a Break?"
"But it matches your requirements perfectly."
"Thanks for the support  Reddit"
"Very funny reddit"
"I've accepted this is going to be the only trophy I'll ever get [FIXED]"
"The closer I get to my cake day  the more nervous I get about losing my unwavering  constant companion..."
"WTF is this?"
"Now I can FINALLY sleep comfortably."
"One of the cutest puppies I've ever seen!"
"It's the circle of liiii-OH SHIT!"
"Oh FUCK!"
"Oh FUCK!!!"
"Stan Lee holding a blank page."
"HUE HUE HUE"
"Who knew Downey was THAT fresh"
"Renekton's theme"
"They see me rollin'"
"May the force be with you"
"One of the many good laughs I've gotten from reddit in the past year..."
"No  Iran...."
"THIS is how you wipe a country off the map..."
"Netanyahu's Logic"
"Frightening moment (close call)"
"Feelin' lucky"
"A resident of Kyoshi gets into an argument with the corner of a house and loses"
"Rat King"
"The only response I give to people when they tell a clever joke that I don't understand."
"If done correctly the desired effect is Amazing"
"What will your kids poop up?"
"Definitely something I need."
"got this in my email today"
"I've seen many weird toys  but this is by far the weirdest."
"this just came up on my newsfeed...."
"What the..."
"where can i order?"
"Trainer Barack would like to battle!"
"Ozzy and Slash are so dignified"
"How we fix problems at work."
"The scariest game in history..."
"What are redditors going to say to Republican friends when Obama wins the election? This is my plan."
"How I feel now having a girlfriend"
"Every time I use Self-Checkout [Fixed]"
"Self Abusing Pussy. (SFW)"
"Cats are retarded"
"How you know your cat is a little bit different from the others..."
"How you know your cat is retarded"
"THAT'S NOT A FOOT!"
"I didn't sign up for this!"
"OMG... Becky's not even Hott..."
"Conventional logic vs. Religious logic"
"Convention logic Vs. Religious logic"
"Religion logic"
"Conventional Logic VS Religious Logic"
"You know you went aww."
"I am.....the Batman!"
"BatKitty! (X-post from r/funny)"
"The bat cat will see you now."
"Halloween"
"When my friend says a great insult to someone I don't like"
"Clicking links in r/gonewild"
"Clicking links in r/gonewild"
"Oooo....yaa"
"Nick Nolte riding a bumper car [x-post from r/pics]"
"Livin' the dream"
"There are no words."
"Why their threats of fire and brimstone don't scare me"
"It is irrelevant  indeed."
"Your petition for an &quot;ungreased  backdoor; hammertime lovemaking session&quot; with our telemarketer's Carol and Tracy is feral and preposterous."
"When i look at /r/spacedicks"
"This is how I felt when I found my little sister in /r/gonewild"
"2 girls 1 cup......."
"Bitch  I'm Flawless"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Sad but true."
"Introducing.. Incoherent Pickup Lines Patrick (Exact Line I Drunkenly Used Earlier)"
"I know I do"
"When I meet a girl who doesn't get high"
".....And Eiffel Tower Goes Wild."
"I don't think &quot;Cool&quot; is exactly it."
"For the college freshman?"
"Good point!"
"Dramatic Squirrel."
"Oh no! This one is dirty."
"Superpowers"
"It's True"
"11 babies"
"Discovered while replacing random letters on imgur URLs...wth is this?"
"Seymour......"
"Seymour is never gonna believe this"
"Praise your new leader."
"*legitimate"
"A relevant comic for us reddit users"
"It's almost Thanksgiving here in the US  I think I'll try frying my turkey this year."
"What does reddit think of MY cooking skills?"
"Wikipedia"
"You're welcome."
"&quot;We're almost there. Thank you.&quot;"
"We can't live without bacon.."
"I wonder if this works on all cats"
"Temporarily paralysing a cat with a bulldog clip - is this for real?"
"Why do cats purr?"
"This is what a guy was carrying on his back while riding his motorcycle!"
"Long Exposure of a Lighthouse"
"I can't believe this hasn't been done before."
"So that's why my deliveries are always late"
"A bunch of Penguins."
"Seal bomb"
"No"
"Hmm  Delicious"
"Checkmate  Atheists."
"+1 point for Christians"
"Badass Taxidermy"
"you gonna eat that?"
"A painting of Ron Paul."
"God help us  we're in the hands of engineers."
"I would pay a fortune for this painting..."
"Drop the Bass"
"Drop the Bass [x-post from GifSound]"
"D-D-D-D-D-Drop the bass"
"Atheism v. Christianity on the front page?"
"I could watch this all day"
"When I go to a swimming pool after watching Olympic diving"
"How I feel when my girlfriend wakes up in a bad mood"
"He looked so harmless in the TV show..."
"Kanye Comic (shout-out to 2WAR)"
"Hilarious kayne west comic"
"Welp  time to shut down the internet  because it has officially peaked."
"The TRUE Hitler"
"The beginning of something wonderful"
"This is reddit."
"Your disguise fools nobody."
"Pure joy!"
"Always makes me smile"
"Top Google Result for 'Best Picture Ever.' I agree."
"Kids these days."
"Stop! That tickles"
"How's this for perfect?"
"This just belongs here..."
"this is how I try to turn on girls....maybe that's why I'm forever alone....."
"When I contributed my first comment for today and realized what it was..."
"Spooky  yet beautiful."
"Spooky  yet beautiful [FIXED]"
"This would be my retreat..."
"What are you doing?"
"DIABEETUS"
"I'm diabetic and giggled a bit."
"Your move again  Atheists."
"Pillow Fight [Facebook Gold]"
"Squirtle Style"
"I wasn't a believer until I saw him for myself"
"Jesus shows himself in many ways (xpost from r/pics)"
"Miracle dog."
"HOLY MOTHER OF GOD BERT!"
"A party of astronomical proportions"
"Space puns"
"We're gunna have the best party in the universe!"
"Soda machine problems"
"Oh  you know. Just a parrot drinking tea."
"You! Oh yeah!"
"Your day can always get worse!"
"Spongebob Uses Reddit!"
"Reddit is that magical place"
"Nike: Just Jew It"
"Just Jew it."
"Caffeine [pic]"
"witnessed ~5 year old smoking with his family"
"Outside cafe i saw this kid holding a lit cigarette and he is sitting with his parents. i try taking a inconspicuous photo but when he put the cigarette in his mouth i just held my camera up and snapped this photo. the dad turned around and grilled the bananas out of me for like 20 minutes"
"~5 year old smoking [x-post from r/pics]"
"Terry Crews at his best"
"This is what happens when I am about to get karma  and then...."
"When my post is about to reach the front page."
"He hates you"
"Suborbital rubber chicken"
"The Dangers Of Text Messaging"
"Meanwhile  in Malaysia. . ."
"There goes the Spider-Man"
"This Is How Spiderman Gets out of Bed Every morning"
"Photoshop in Syria"
"EVERY time I read a haiku"
"EVERYTIME I run across a haiku [fixed]"
"Hipster Trap"
"Urban Outfitters collecting pelts for their clothing line"
"This would explain all the one-handed hipsters in my hood."
"A little spinach  if you please."
"Realistic Popeye Painting. Creepy as hell."
"Its Popeye The Sailor Man"
"Typed: popeye in reallife  got this.."
"Smashing"
"I dont even..."
"Snooki PUNCH!"
"So  this showed up in my news feed....I honestly wtf'd."
"Timing - The Space Shuttle as it's about to leave Earths Atmosphere"
"When I look at my cat on Acid..."
"Dat kiki"
"Strobe Cat [gif]"
"high or not high still looks cool (/r/woahdude)"
"Take on meow"
"All Glory to the Hypno Cat"
"Getting tattoo? ...Why not Zoidberg?"
"Everytime I see &quot;[1] New Mail&quot;"
"Is he doing it right?"
"Getting started early"
"Lucky Kid"
"This is how I feel trying to make the front page of Reddit."
"They see me flopping!"
"Hello! Welcome to my aquarium."
"Really? I'm famous now?"
"Where do you sit in corporate america?"
"Friend posted it on Facebook  actually makes sense..."
"They might have got us on this one..."
"Heeeeeyyy  Sexy lady...wait."
"Gangnam Regret? (Popped up on facebook)"
"I'm sure she'll never regret that tattoo. &quot;Heeeeyy  stupid lady...&quot;"
"Makes Sense?"
"Quite a good argument"
"Can I help you?"
"Too Fucking Awesome"
"Cruisin'"
"OH SHIT!"
"I can lick my nose!"
"Taking pics while playing with toddler  suddenly Hand of God."
"LIES."
"He is the hero that your bathroom deserves."
"Creeper Batman"
"Batman sure is a nice guy."
"Just let it soak in..."
"DIY"
"My cousin posted this on Facebook... sign placement WIN."
"How I feel when downvoting"
"How I feel when I downvote a post with 1 karma"
"How I imagine people that downvote comments that already have negative points"
"My first reaction to all the college meme sites and misused memes on facebook."
"When my wife tried serving me haggis on st. patricks day"
"When i see my ex is now super hot"
"Best Dog Costume?"
"Dog gone AT-AT"
"Great Dog Costume? Or Greatest Dog Costume?"
"This is what happens if you dont chew your food  and if your food happens to be a lot of gummy worms."
"back boobs..."
"What I think of anytime someone says the phrase 'fine ass titties'. (SFW)"
"Young Mitt Romney (fixed)"
"The Joker says a joke again."
"I didn't chose the thug life  the thug life chose me"
"Every kid on Facebook who thinks they're BadAss"
"Funny underwater dogs"
"How I felt today when I found out my ex just got engaged (she's 17!)"
"Forever alone"
"Smaller fish keep their distance when a black tip reef shark swims amongst them in shallow water in the Maldives."
"Sound advice"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Straight up Gangsta"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Swaggerskates"
"That's one damn fine anti-zombie temple"
"Bear face in wood"
"A nifty trick you've got there."
"So its finally Summer in Britain.."
"Manager frisked me because I wouldn't turn out my pockets to prove I didn't have a phone on me"
"When someone puts on dubstep at a party"
"Why We Should Not Hold Religion In High Regard"
"Thou shalt not smile"
"What i think when I read a troll comment"
"What the fuck did I just find in my bookmarks ?!"
"Me and my friend  seven years ago..."
"What kind of wizardry is this?!!?"
"The best idea ever posted on reddit"
"The greatest invention ever!"
"How I felt as the designated driver tonight."
"How it feels being the designated driver"
"Start the countdown 5...4...3...2..."
"A classic and a favorite"
"This is why stealth games are way too easy for me now."
"If boobs get karma  how about a pair of Tits (SFW)"
"Gimme the lute..."
"How I feel when I click on a NSFW link in r/WTF"
"How I feel browsing r/funny with a severe cough and diarrhea..."
"Checkmate Atheists!"
"What if Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"Foo Fighters Conspiracy"
"After a couple of semesters you start to wonder"
"Faces of Atheism"
"What if..."
"What if he's right"
"I just don't get it how billions of people could believe these theologies without questioning this (im sure this is probably a repost but i really dont care)"
"Whenever I sign up for an account"
"Conspiracy Keanu on Parents"
"Not sure if repost"
"&quot;Made in China&quot;"
"Attempted Murder"
"Attempted murder caught by a photographer"
"Attempted Murder"
"Leave it to the Poefessionals."
"Attempted Murder"
"Hilarious homonyms"
"The artist"
"The secret of Isla Pascua"
"Your last meal..."
"This would be genius."
"What a way to go..."
"Peanut Butter Allergies"
"Peanut allergy bitches!"
"Why I love Bill Cosby"
"Willy Noooooo!!!"
"Don't worry Bambi  I'll help you"
"Stoned dog  epic of all time"
"How I feel when I trip"
"I totally meant to do that"
"Skeleton harvester"
"Saw this FB.... I have no words"
"These are getting a little out of hand.."
"I think this fb trend is starting to go a little too far."
"Facebook in a nutshell"
"Cutest baby lion."
"It's a miracle! Holy dog replicates Jesus trick! What more proof do you want  atheists? CHECKMATE!"
"Sometimes you just got to dance..."
"Scruffy get back here"
"My favorite picture from the internet."
"Damn it Scruffy"
"I love sarcasm."
"Peter Griffin  ladies and gentlemen."
"Dear Mr. Haberny... Sincerely  Cash4Gold"
"Someone give this guy a fucking medal."
"Final warning letter from Cash4Gold.com. &quot;Your fraudulent attempt to extort money from our seasoned geologists (who are experts in identifying precious metals) has forced us to take extreme action.&quot;"
"Worth a shot!"
"this is still one of the greatest return letters ever"
"Gets me everytime. . ."
"Cash4Gold doesn't pay for humor"
"Cash 4 Gold"
"The Trustworthiness of Beards"
"The Beard Chart"
"Where do you rank?"
"So we meet again!"
"Looking at yourself in the mirror at a [5] or higher"
"I wish my little brother was this photogenic."
"Hello.... !!!!"
"Seahorse: &quot;ah  you are right mr diver. It is a quarter to 9&quot;"
"Asians got back!"
"Badonkadonk"
"Girl scouts"
"Girl scouts"
"I...don't remember that episode."
"Why would you? Oh... Nevermind."
"Did someone say faceswaps?"
"Famous Faceswaps"
"Daily dose of math"
"Taylor Lautner"
"Why does a capacitor block DC?"
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man.(x post /r/facepalm)"
"(For Smart People) SinB/TanB ="
"So true"
"A truly WTF toy."
"When you used to dance in your room and your parents would walk in..."
"Dance like no one is watching"
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"whoo weekend!"
"Hits a little deeper than just your childhood."
"Happy sunset"
"Bill and Hilary"
"Bill and Hilary back in the day"
"Gingerbread crackhouse.."
"That's not how i remember Halo.."
"[OC] If I was President Obama.... [FIXED]"
"A trees friendly version of President Obama."
"Since dinosaurs in survival games seem to be the hot topic right now  I just thought I'd remind everyone."
"I find this pretty bad-ass!"
"After reading reddit for 7 months [first]"
"Some mysteries were just meant to go unanswered."
"This is Reddit."
"I mean  it's your brain!"
"Me  on reddit lately"
"I searched Google for &quot;what is reddit&quot; and this is what came up."
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"seriously?"
"Cat is not amused"
"The Kitchen."
"Well the hat did say it..."
"Biggest dick in Canada"
"My friend's boat post-Sandy [FIXED]"
"Shave off a few pounds they said"
"Poor kid."
"Makes me a little uneasy"
"The Freeman who waited"
"I hope he gets better soon  too."
"America's Take on International Diplomatic Relations"
"Ahhh Yeaa.. OH SHIT  SHIT"
"Nobody is above envy"
"Fixed for 2012"
"Carl Sagan trolls people who claim to have been abducted by aliens"
"Carl Sagan trolls people who claim to have been abducted by aliens"
"Dramatic Jerry"
"...you grow your facial hair back RIGHT NOW  mister!!"
"Didn't even recognize him for a second."
"Boy  that escalated quickly."
"Everyday on Facebook"
"My all-time favorite Harry Potter Meme"
"Lion bro"
"Because sometimes we all need a little bit of reminding that we're flawless"
"if you're ever feeling down"
"Best gif ever!"
"Well that worked better than I expected"
"Sometimes I feel ugly."
"Don't listen to them!"
"How I react whenever my girlfriend doubts her looks"
"What I need after not having anything fun to post on my 2nd cake day"
"Sympathetic lion"
"You're BEAUTIFUL!"
"Thanks Jeremy"
"Bunny falling asleep"
"Bastard!"
"Hey look its snowing!!"
"Ten Goat"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Man  I love being home for the weekend"
"The genius of reddit"
"Repost for sure  but still so worth it."
"The surface of a strawberry"
"A different way to think about hurricane sandy"
"I NEED IIIIT!"
"Titler NSFW"
"Rule 34... we meet again [NSFW]"
"What..."
"Hitler with tits"
"Rugrats had some very dark moments  how could i have missed it."
"Grandpa Lou doesn't mess around. (x-post /r/90sCartoons)"
"Ultra-First World Problem"
"Hillary Gets Low"
"Where my fear of spiders originated..."
"ONE CAT. ONE DREAM. ONE DESTINY"
"Evolution of Cat to Nyan Cat"
"How to leave reddit"
"What happens when I leave reddit"
"Going to bed with your reddit post on negative points and waking up with 1000 extra karma"
"I bet he sniffed his fingers after"
"Reddit's funny page lately."
"One last &quot;what is your town famous for&quot; post. This is what my town is so famous for."
"Exchange students are the best"
"All my loathsome feelings for cats surmised in one beautiful meme"
"And he though of nothing  because he was a cat"
"Frank in his golden years."
"Epic Beard Time"
"Epic Beard Time"
"I believe I can fly."
"Workout"
"Ummmm...."
"I don't think that's what they meant"
"And God separated the light from the dark..."
"Come on Rude Boy..."
"Family Christmas"
"What a lovely... Christmas tree! (x-post)"
"Who's idea was it to grow up? Fail."
"Every day"
"Cat Tunnel Sofa"
"Helpful message from the London Underground service"
"couldn't stop myself from laughing when I saw this ..."
"Apple new maps  this sums them up"
"So they build a gundam in my town"
"They build up an transformers monument in my town"
"Cat Collider"
"&lt;inserts particle physics joke&gt;"
"So...where is the waiter going?"
"Honey? Yes  dear? Where the fuck is our waiter going?"
"First I was mad  but then I was like.."
"he was here last night..."
"Scumbag Driver Steve"
"Scumbag Local News Channel"
"working at a movie theater  I've noticed..."
"Yes Cory  this is about you."
"So this happened last night"
"I hate people like this"
"University Scumbag With Functional Arms"
"I'm actually jealous of you"
"I'm actually jealous of you [x post from /r/30rock]"
"Redditor for twelve months. Picture that got me hooked in the first place  it's been a strange year."
"Dachshund owners will know"
"I must do this daily."
"I can't even think of a title. Just WTF"
"I think this qualifies for nightmare fuel. [NSFW]"
"Why didn't I think of this."
"​Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"Cheap cable management"
"Great way to organize USBs and other computer plug-ins."
"Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"Lava Fall  Hawaii"
"Almost Hell."
"I can't get enough of this chick"
"How I feel when I wake up and see it's my cake day."
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"Hope I don't have to delete this one..."
"the politics of an IM chat...who isn't guilty of this?"
"SAP gets a Tattoo"
"Saying something will just make it more awkward for everybody..."
"This sums up almost every night for me"
"I'm Sure This Happens To Other People"
"whenever i sit on my girlfriends couch"
"How I browse /r/new"
"Browsing /r/new"
"....shut up"
"SHITSHITSHITSHITSHIT!!!!"
"When a semi-successful post gets a spree of downvotes."
"Tortoise Battle Armour"
"Shells? HA!"
"Microscopic Image of a butterfly tongue"
"For Science... wait a moment..."
"Take that hipsters!"
"This made my day"
"People who say swag  i will laugh at you even more now."
"well shit"
"Swag"
"Moment of Happiness"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway."
"Juicy Jess"
"There is life beyond cell phones."
"Hi I'm Jesus Christ..."
"Jackass Jesus"
"I see people who complain about religious shit in their news feed a lot. I'm not as lucky  instead I have friends who post shit like this."
"This would be the best jackass movie ever.."
"Lightning created by volcanic eruption"
"Chile's Puyehue volcano erupting"
"Lightning in Ash"
"Soon."
"couch dog watches you in your sleep forever"
"When you see it."
"How I feel when someone tries to talk to me while I'm browsing reddit."
"That awkward moment when you realize people are watching you eat"
"Shit just got real"
"So majestic"
"They say it's better to be pissed off  than pissed.. through?"
"Poor Nokia"
"Umm......Congratulations?"
"Baby?"
"I find the name ironic."
"It's always good to double check"
"How I make Pizza Rolls"
"Top this."
"Chimp holding a baby tiger"
"A chimp and his tiger"
"Friends"
"The kitten and the toast"
"I don't think he likes it..."
"The horror..."
"When I don't know what the fuck is happening"
"Brace yourselves."
"Does anyone else do &quot;The Tuck&quot;?"
"M64 or &quot;The Black Eye Galaxy&quot;"
"This is how the ice cream flavors are labeled in Colombia"
"This is how the ice cream flavors are labeled in Colombia"
"It's been a good Caturday"
"My favourite image on the internet."
"hardboiled vagina egg"
"Fuckin' Canada..."
"More protective than most human parents"
"FTFY: Olympic divers mid-dive."
"Wallpapers! Mostly geeky/nerdy stuff nothing too artsy."
"Wallpapers! Mostly geeky/nerdy stuff nothing too artsy. [xpost/pics]"
"I think they chose the wrong model for their advert"
"Soup of the Day"
"Bitch  I'm fabulous."
"Some names drawn with vectors"
"Photograph of Jupiter and Earth along with moons; taken from position of Mars"
"Clicking a N*S*F*W link hoping to see some boobs..."
"How I feel browsing WTF."
"Popped up on my newsfeed."
"Visited my local Hollister store recently and saw this."
"I don't remember these.."
"Just some Star Wars merchandise"
"I GOT HER NUMBER!!!"
"White People ..."
"Every fucking time"
"Awks."
"This was my backyard this morning..."
"Damn you reddit! You got me curious..."
"You Are Not Your Mom's Favorite"
"Favoritism"
"Favoritism (x-post from /r/Funny)"
"How I feel after a long day of work."
"That is one sleepy cat."
"He's and avid fan i guess..."
"Googled Pancake Sex O.o"
"Breaking Bad"
"Dope Breaking Bad wallpaper."
"Not mine.. but pretty neat.. so sharing"
"Slam dunk the sun"
"About 1 in 50 million lobsters have this coloration"
"Epic."
"nobody has to hold her hair back when she boots"
"Up and down"
"Elevator then stairs"
"Meet Gary"
"Psychic medium  healer"
"Gary Spivey"
"How I feel when I type a long word and there is no red squiggly line under it"
"Whenever I'm the first to upvote something that eventually makes the front page..."
"Everyone is loving my comments today..."
"How I felt when I realized I locked my keys  phone  wallet  and AAA card in my car:"
"Went whale watching when all of a sudden..."
"The Eta Carinae Nebula"
"Suicide Girls"
"The irony..."
"I don't have super powers or an awesome beard but here is a picture of Sean Connery holding a gun."
"Soon"
"007"
"This is why I love Science"
"How I feel when I touch the &quot;wet paint&quot;."
"Grumpy karma"
"Grumpy cat's casting call"
"Grumpy Cat on Monster Storm!"
"I can't tell if this is a porn in production  or a cheap horror movie."
"Please take your best guess  because I haven't got a fucking clue"
"Back to WTF's roots."
"Japan (back to the reposts)"
"I absolutely love pictures of cats playing video games"
"Creepy organ donation ad. Maybe NSFW for those sensitive souls."
"when r/aww attacks"
"MFW gf  after asking if I want to try her food  intercepts my incoming fork and supplies a choo choo train instead."
"IT WORKS! We're doing science here people."
"wannabe"
"Look at him go! Hardstyle Pumpkinhead"
"I tried for like 10 minutes to think up a sound effect for this..."
"Tasty human"
"oh peter"
"Oh peter  that's just nasty."
"How I feel when my post doesn't get upvotes."
"I waited for you"
"I waited for you [FIXED]"
"Doggies are forever"
"The more intelligent sex (FB)"
"When your parents forced you to go to church..."
"Never Again!"
"Never Again! (x-post from r/funny)"
"here kitty kitty! (om nom nom nom nom...)"
"Bane without mask"
"How I imagine British people living in the US feel about the 4th of July"
"How excited I am with the Steam Summer Sale."
"the sober one at a party"
"When I reach 100% in any game"
"HIFW I joined reddit and uploaded my first post"
"Because sometimes  I like living on the edge"
"&quot;knocked the fuuck ou....WTF&quot;"
"Social media explained."
"The Seamonster [5184x3456]"
"Who is this Seamonster attacking? (X-Post from r/aww)"
"The Seamonster {5184x3456} {OC}"
"Never ignore the advances of a love struck tortoise."
"Yo  quit playin'."
"Freedom of speech until you say something I don't like"
"&quot;freedom of speech&quot;"
"I just can't stop laughing at these two!"
"This is why you don't feed your dog bubble gum."
"Just a dog that ate gum"
"His name is Bubblicious."
"The world is full of retards."
"Please someone tell me it is not true. That would be so insane. The commenter could not make that connection..."
"EPIC FAIL  oh dear Lord!"
"Hungry  Hungry  Hippo!"
"during the days of the ps1  this ninja game was the bomb"
"To celebrate my cakeday  here's a repost of the first thing I ever posted. I made my account just so that I could share it with the internet  and ended up falling in love with this place."
"What I have learned on Reddit"
"I'm having to use Internet Explorer right now because my Google Chrome keeps crashing... I just... I don't even..."
"I finish my big ass blunt and right as i finished my mom walks in. This is me str8 up as i turned around and looked at my mother in the face."
"When I noticed a spelling mistake two seconds after emailing a potential employer."
"Falling Water Or Waterfall?"
"how a waterfall is made"
"I'm sure we will see this in a bottled water commercial in the future."
"Waterfall coming out of a bottle"
"My face when I heard about CISPA"
"Post-fap  I exit out of all windows  and see this. Can't help but feel disgusted with myself."
"My laptop background. I always feel bad after watching porn."
"As a warehouse worker  this is how I feel at my job."
"C&amp;H"
"Egypt: the building I thought was in front is actually behind the other one."
"But I poop from there!"
"For the past 6 years  a German shepherd called Capitán has slept next to the grave of his owner every night at 6pm."
"Bender always makes me laugh."
"QWOP"
"1 Guy  2 Portals"
"Taken 2"
"Any illusion I had about these things being cute has completely left me"
"Went and saw Magic Mike. At first I was like...but then I was like..."
"when my friends get mad because i am always on reddit"
"Clearing out my bookmarks  then this popped up."
"Deal with it"
"No...no comment.."
"Ha-ha! Now I shall briefly be happier than you"
"The Solution to PDA"
"Hugo Boss badass"
"Like a boss?"
"sailing like a boss"
"Did anyone else have an odd attraction to this game inside Encarta Encyclopedia?"
"Whenever someone I don't recognize waves at me"
"Whenever a stranger waves at me"
"What's on reddit today?"
"Look mom! What's in there?"
"Little guys got the right idea"
"Not a single fuck given."
"Getting money after selling my books back every semester."
"Front page"
"After seeing all these passive/aggressive parking job cards..."
"After my wife got pregnant for the third unplanned time..."
"Boating with Henry with boating with Henry[FIXED]"
"Whenever i can't sleep"
"Reading the headlines of Reddit lately."
"LOL At His Reaction  Where Is This From?"
"Abraham Murray"
"American Money."
"My favorite Bill."
"Bill Murray  Vampire Hunter"
"Bill Fucking Murray!"
"$5 Bill Murray"
"They said i could be anything.."
"I don't even..."
"*LISTEN!*"
"Something everyone who has played Zelda can agree on"
"We all don't have to worry about heart attacks"
"The progression of an eclipse."
"Total Solar Eclipse; November 14  2012. Queensland  Australia."
"Drum Solo"
"My face when all of the links are blue"
"Just a relaxing rain."
"Tonight"
"I thought this went pretty well together"
"At least put some simcity 3000 under it"
"Cute Dinosaurs!"
"Didn't realize how cute dinosaurs could be."
"Guaranteed to brighten your day."
"For those of you who have never seen it  amazing picture of solar eclipse over bangkok."
"&quot;For a better start in life  start COLA earlier!&quot;"
"jesus lasers"
"Up  up and away!"
"The Moustache that Gotham deserves"
"The Moustache that Gotham Deserves (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Spangles the cross-eyed cat"
"Is this too cheesy??"
"How to become a super hero"
"Skrillex &amp; the bee"
"Awesome homemade NES arcade circa 1990"
"Me  and you and Zoboomafoo"
"So my roommate has been out of town this weekend."
"When you gotta go  you gotta go."
"Timing is everything."
"Flying over the great Pyramids of Giza."
"PIZZA CONES!"
"New Words"
"I'm gonna be listening out for radio competitions to try something like this on!"
"If that's what you're in to..."
"I too googled &quot;I was not disappointed&quot; and I have to say I was not disappointed."
"The Fairy of Eagle Nebula"
"Glock underwater"
"Gun fire under water."
"And then i was like..."
"Four Stages of Life..."
"Politics meets Star Wars."
"Amazingly geeky (and accurate) interpretation of the the RNC/DNC speeches on my fb feed"
"The Democratic and Republican Convention Speakers in &quot;Geek speak&quot; (found on fb)"
"Star Wars Meets Politics"
"Call 1-800-DOCTORB. The &quot;B&quot; is for Bargain!"
"Palestine [X-post from /r/pics]"
"Just got my order from the reddit store:"
"Just got my order from the reddit store[Xpost r/funny]"
"Fuck you drawing book. You can't tell me what I can do."
"Hey  I Just Met You..."
"Optical Illusion - Helps me with the adolescents I work with"
"Indubitably"
"So I found this while browsing google images..."
"Things to Say During Sex"
"Evil atheist they disgust me."
"I think the &quot;trippygifs&quot; tag in the corner sums this up right"
"I don't know what to call this work."
"Today is the day"
"I don't even know how to title this"
"Longest and weirdest gif I've ever seen. Feel free to differ"
"What is happening in this?"
"I have always liked this Batman comic. (nsfw)"
"Batman has a 36&quot; dick [NSFW]"
"Where's the fun in that?"
"it is quite comfy."
"Still makes me laugh every time..."
"Whenever my boyfriend and I see another gay couple"
"Reaction when i upvote something in &quot;new&quot; that makes it to the front page"
"Trip-hopped."
"At least I'm not the only one..."
"Loading: 50% complete"
"Wonder if he had to pay for the haircut"
"title writes itself"
"How I imagine the overall theme of my prom will be tonight"
"As a black man  this stereotype is mostly true"
"Thought you guys would appreciate this (xpost from /gifsound)"
"Perfect song for the dancing Doctor."
"Wow  you slut"
"Yes  it's awful."
"If you say so . . ."
"You know the goddamn difference"
"Who else loved these?"
"Don't even act like you didn't lose your shit over these"
"Bullhorse"
"Horse pug"
"So majestic..."
"Smile"
"I googled evil dog smile..."
"iWater"
"The best Stan Lee cameo  ever."
"Did this town came from space?"
"Sweeper move  BOOM!"
"You mean the hurricane?"
"How I felt dancing at prom last night."
"The world is an amazing place."
"What I remember middle school dances being like"
"These two work it"
"It just works"
"White people drop it like its hawt"
"Disco in the hood"
"A hug"
"Dog was happy to picked up at his new cleaner"
"Sometimes  the truth hurts"
"Anyone else still waiting for a sequel?"
"Still the best screensaver"
"Wow... thanks Google."
"Found these in an Anti-Baww thread on /b/"
"They have this put up all around my school."
"This one always gets me"
"For my cake day  one of my favorite pictures from the internet."
"One of my favorites"
"No Jimmies Rustled"
"I was browsing tattoos when suddenly... and now I'm no longer in the mood for tattoos. Or breasts. NSFW."
"Tattoo + boobs = WTF"
"Baby boobs tattoo. [NSFW]"
"Everyday is upperbody day"
"Time to relax!"
"I may be a little too excited about cakeday karma."
"Total consciousness"
"And I thought I'd never see this on my [fb]"
"Isn't she so smart"
"Pedifiles day out"
"When they came for pussy riot I said nothing."
"It's saturday bitches!!!!"
"This time for Africa"
"The dance of my people"
"For my cakeday here's my favorite gif"
"Sorry if this is a repost"
"let me show you the song of my people."
"That's right sweetheart!"
"Stay in the kitchen."
"How I fuck bitches"
"Extreme cat for extreme redditor (via Jeb Corliss [FB])"
"One of my Favorite Face Swaps"
"My favourite face swap"
"When I see a few people I know arguing about something I'm knowledgeable about."
"When someone is playing a game your good at."
"BAM!"
"Fuck You  Flowers"
"Passionate hate"
"I just found this by accident on Google Images. This is why the internet is amazing."
"As a guy with allergies..."
"Why I now want to work at a grocery store."
"Snooki how could you"
"Second try at pickup lines."
"One of my favorite SpongeBob quotes."
"Hey pal "
"Renewable energy?"
"Renewable Energy"
"O_O"
"I don't think that's right..."
"Ice crystals in the air creating pillars of light over Jackson  Wyoming"
"Saw this over in r/pics... all I could think of was the loot!"
"The only negative of being BATMAN"
"Cat Wayne"
"That'll do  pig. That'll do."
"That'll do  Pig. That'll do"
"That'll do  Pig. That'll do"
"This is how I feel learning I missed the chance to whore pics of my 10 cats for karma because I missed my cake day yesterday."
"The fact that there will be a rerun tomorrow  just sunk in."
"Just a little dolphin"
"How's your Sunday going?"
"Must be encapsulated en masse! [xpost r/pokemon]"
"Survival of the Fittest"
"Tisdale sounds like a nice place..."
"What Really Happens to Golf Balls"
"Golf balls are trippier than you think [gif]"
"Best. Dollar. Bill. Ever."
"You get a good job with more pay and you're okay"
"[FB] Shit got way out of hand."
"Well  I laughed..."
"This made me laugh way harder than it should have"
"What time is it?"
"Best Ralph Moment"
"Man has a terrible but beautiful power"
"A Nuclear Explosion"
"Bikini Atoll Nuclear Detenation"
"Ralph is ready for the internet."
"How I feel after clicking &quot;comments&quot; on a post."
"Glad this isn't my &quot;required&quot; text"
"They found your mom's booty call book."
"Meanwhile in New York"
"Unexpectedly Cute"
"so high right meow"
"Brains in a bathtub. /wtf.nostalgia"
"A leopard [that is all]."
"And you thought clown cars were impressive..."
"All of your Favorite childhood characters (pokemon...ect..) in one animated gif. AWESOME"
"i had this for a while now"
"can you name them all?"
"Oh  hello there"
"Googled weirdest thing ever. Was not dissapointed"
"Took Some Balls"
"So brave."
"Map of what people call soft drinks  by county."
"Names for soft drinks in the U.S."
"The happiest Red Panda EVER!"
"Mopping with a stick"
"Very intense"
"My reaction when my friend said: &quot;Well maybe reddit steals stuff from Pinterest&quot;..."
"How to acquire free meal"
"Cat in q cup holder"
"I found a building that look really thin when seen from an angle [FIXED]"
"x-post of thin building from /r/mildlyinteresting"
"I found a building that looks really thin when seen from an angle (xpost from r/mildlyinteresting) [PIC]"
"This building in Chicago messes with your head when you look at it from an angle [xpost from /r/mildlyinteresting]"
"I hate it when minecraft chunks don't load"
"TIL Quagmire is left handed."
"how i feel being single for 7 months [fixed]"
"'Nuff said"
"Suddenly  Ironman."
"X-post from pics. Do it."
"Bruce Lee was such a badass"
"Bruce Lee's philosophy"
"This is why Bruce Lee is my idol."
"So... My 60 year old father sent me this today. Be honest  guys  is my dad on crack?"
"Whenever someone posts this face."
"Baby monkey"
"Clever Omax wide angle lens ad"
"Now  that's not very nice."
"Dear 99%"
"How i feel when everyone gets karma for stupid things and i get nothing."
"How it feels when someone you know makes it to the front page of Reddit"
"In the sky."
"They caught Batman..."
"Science and Religion…"
"Dragons"
"This kid was the fucking bomb when you were younger!"
"The boot kicking the ball."
"This is thriller! Thriller song."
"Michael Jackson grows up  gif style"
"come at me bro"
"My face when my friend tells me someone else's secrets."
"Signal problems?"
"Google glasses"
"Google glasses done right"
"a semi-NSFW motorcycle"
"Nice ride!"
"Well this wasn't fair at all."
"Got a text from a random number wishing me a happy new years. Pretended to be whoever they trying to text and told them about how I got a new cat. Sent them this. HAPPY NEW YEARS  GUYS."
"Farmer Fat Cat!!!!"
"American cats"
"And boom goes the dynamite!"
"and boom goes the dynamite."
"No compromises."
"Yours To Discover"
"First time having sex."
"The original EpicMealTime."
"You wouldn't like me when I'm angry!"
"Credibility is key"
"Just a cat kissing a dolphin"
"It is still Caturday right?"
"Creeper Cat"
"o.o"
"Strange cat getaway"
"This cat..."
"NOPE (gif)"
"Yoink!"
"Our Amazing Earth"
"Patience is a virtue"
"What..."
"I think this is how my grandma thinks the internet works."
"How it feels when I wake up in the morning and there is all new content on the front page"
"My Relationship with the Internet"
"My Exact Face When A Comic Of Mine Got 140 Upovotes"
"when i see something on r/aww"
"When I come home and see that I made front page"
"stop...stop....STOP!!!!!"
"Just an angry frog. Move along please..."
"Good Halloween costume for this year?"
"Kermit the kitten"
"cute kitten (not mine)"
"Pablo on Halloween!"
"u will never wanna look away!"
"Saw this on my FB feed...."
"Aiming for the chocolate fjords"
"Not sure if this awesome or just weird."
"Oh shit oh shit OH SHIT"
"Ohhh shhhhiiit! New drawz please."
"Only game show I ever cared about."
"Hold on little fella."
"How the world came to be. Theories and evidence."
"Googled &quot;Hawtness&quot; and was greatly pleased by the first result"
"I raise your Betty White in 1957 with Betty White in 2010"
"How I feel whenever I make an accidental repost"
"How I look when I remember an embarrassing moment from my past."
"Shy hedgehog is adorable"
"Shame..."
"This hedgehog thinks it's an ostrich."
"this kid will someday get revenge."
"I don't remember this being in Scooby do."
"I'm not saying it was aliens..."
"It was aliens.. alright meow?"
"I'm not saying it was aliens..."
"How I've felt trying to make a successful post on Reddit"
"[HIFW] i get blue screen of death while writing a paper..."
"That must have taken quite some time."
"Boy and his Father Dressed as Vikings - Hogmanay Viking Ceremony in Edinburgh  Scotland"
"True Patriotism"
"currently my desktop backround"
"What did one ocean say to the other?"
"Worth it"
"The ending to The Dark Knight Rises in a nutshell"
"Good morning! Let's see how my recent posts are doing..."
"When someone replies to my comment but doesn't upvote or downvote the comment."
"Hop in !"
"Get in"
"3-D Gummy Bear Anatomy"
"Anatomy of a gummy bear"
"Gummy worm xray"
"So close."
"First attempts at anal [SFW]"
"Oh... well... whatever..."
"Move Out!"
"Have to go deeper.."
"I edited the YES gif to loop completely perfectly"
"YES!!!!"
"I'll have what they're having!"
"On walking into Mordor"
"As a contractor  this is how I feel when the customer tries to tell me I need to work saturday."
"ridin' dirty"
"Underwater Jesus"
"Mario money!"
"In MARIO We Trust."
"Abstinence"
"Me dancing at the club.."
"When the pimps in the crib  ma..."
"curiosity"
"You wanna here my new pick up line?"
"You wanna hear my new pick up line?"
"If he was still alive he would be our king"
"The legend of Sir Bearington [4chan]"
"How I feel after getting upvotes for a clever comment"
"Star Wars meets HIMYM"
"How i met your mother..Star wars"
"That explains it..."
"The Prestige"
"Just WOW"
"Another Addition to Reddit's Nautical Nightmares"
"The Goblin Shark."
"Effigy of President Obama hanging by a noose  found at a Shell station in Queens  NY."
"MFW someone broke one of my things and finds it funny"
"Anyone remember Gizmos and Gadgets? Loved it when I was a kid!"
"Best I can do is a finger"
"Woooo....."
"Why are there so many Ostriches"
"MINE MINE MINE MINE!"
"mine."
"mine mine mine mine!"
"Just a cat in a bag."
"Why hello there  ladies."
"Abercrombie"
"Friend posted this on FB.. interesting mix..."
"My friend's cat"
"This show needs to come back."
"After getting a new kind of tree from my dealer  this pretty much sums up my night."
"My first cinemagraph!"
"Me when my boyfriend lists off all the sexual favors he'd do in exchange for a BJ. (SFW)"
"Fire &amp; Ice"
"Insert Clever Title Here"
"The force"
"Go Cougars!"
"Our School Mascot [NSFW]"
"There's a hidden message (NSFW)"
"still my favorite gif"
"&quot;Arch Enemies&quot;"
"An Iraqi child  drawing airplanes that are dropping bombs  with a marker taped to his amputated arm"
"r/atheism: &quot;We should make a new subreddit called r/DrawMohammed!&quot;"
"When someone is about to talk of a movie I haven't seen yet"
"A young Obama chilling."
"Obama Chillin (x-post from r/pics)"
"Equal treatment for all."
"Is It Racist?"
"equality in a nutshell (x-post from imgoingtohellforthis)"
"How to wash your cat....yes im a dog person"
"Awkward gym enthusiast"
"Just Zach being Zach"
"A generation of Dogfighters"
"His life sure turned around"
"Gets me every time."
"Douche bag Dumbeldore"
"All the reason needed to justify gay marriage."
"Best family photo ever [xpost from r/funny]"
"Watermelon Carving Win!"
"watermelion"
"Coolest watermelon I've ever seen."
"Watermelon turned into a tiger"
"No words"
"Finally my FB delivers  &quot;Udder Failure&quot;"
"Got a cat yesterday  here she is:) I named her Luna"
"What a lovely reminder..."
"Cybersex with Cleverbot"
"Go big or go home."
"Back and Forth"
"Hollaback Giraffe"
"Vice President Biden and a Young Supporter"
"They're so nice to eachother..."
"Repost"
"American Chopper (x-post r/vertical)"
"Found this gem on a friends Facebook profile. My new favorite .gif"
"Searched for &quot;Late night redditor&quot; in Google Images...this is what I got."
"I don't even know how to describe this."
"A once in a lifetime shot of America's male synchronized swim team this past Olympic season."
"I can't get it out of my HEAD!"
"Sometimes we have to remember the little people."
"Beach after closing time"
"People who hate reposts also hate..."
"A soon to be forgotten delicacy.."
"Let's be honest  this is the man truly sad about the Twinkie crisis"
"Zimbabwe: One Million Person Synchronized Toilet Flush"
"Zimbabwe: One Million Person Synchronized Toilet Flush"
"Orange Juice Instructions"
"To celebrate my cake day  here's a whole bunch of PUPPIES!"
"Ah that is too good to be true"
"A dog drinking in slow motion [gif]"
"Eyy boy! You in the wrong neighborhood"
"We all are."
"Well  this just made my day thoroughly awesome"
"oh beans."
"I would survive Zombieland simply because I would do anything to have sex with Emma Stone"
"Emma Stone's little black dress"
"Emma Stone"
"Steep downhill will he make it? (mebbe nsfl if he doesnt)"
"Wait for it..."
"Always look both ways."
"great idea"
"we're lost!!!"
"Disney buy starwars"
"Well then..."
"Clash of the titans"
"The reason I stopped playing D3 - [Spoiler] You never catch the dragon"
"Well  there goes his childhood."
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED]"
"a guinea pig pretending to be a baked potato"
"After seeing that there is no Olympic sport on the Google homepage today"
"When I saw it was my cake day and then realized it was Saturday"
"Awesome"
"The beginning is near [pic]"
"There are no words to express how much I fucking love this picture"
"Found this recently  and it gets posted on everyone's Facebook wall on their birthday."
"It was my birthday yesterday  i got sent this"
"Finally somebody gets it right."
"Needed an image for my secret santa's letter. Found this. Happy holidays?"
"Uh yeah...ok."
"So I Googled Imaged &quot;happy holidays&quot; today..."
"I'm not sleeping tonight."
"What do the smart girls get? (xpost from /r/modern_family)"
"Smart Girls (x-post from r/Modern_Family)"
"Where's Tobias?"
"You talkin' to me???"
"Say that again  mate  I dare you!"
"PLEASE somebody tell me that this is fake"
"Well that solves that..."
"I finally know the answer..."
"The Nyan Hangover"
"&quot;Thug&quot; Rats"
"Dogs can't read."
"Not the best day"
"Because one knife wasn't enough. [NSFW/Death]"
"This is going to make billions."
"This just appeared on my FB feed"
"Who need's an iPhone?"
"ADVERTISING! Doing it right."
"The greatest defender to every live."
"Look out  he'll eat you!!"
"Patrick"
"To Be The Best"
"It's a hard life  in the forest."
"Seems legit..."
"Some dabble in candy or soda  others do bikes..."
"Bikes"
"Some masterful coughing... courtesy of Google Images."
"The most wonderful time of the year"
"Rebecca Black  coming soon to a Physics class near you."
"This is how I feel when I'm on the internet."
"My big bird costume. Really happy about how the legs turned out."
"I can see how we came from them."
"Hey  fuck you"
"Niggers have no respect"
"How I feel when a smaller child teases my facial hair"
"Well  that was a poor choice of words."
"I swear as I get older and older Spongebob gets funnier and funnier"
"A friend posted this on facebook. Anyone knows where this statue is?"
"Kind of a strange time to get hungry..."
"A monk prays for a dead man in the station hall of the Shanxi Taiyuan Train Station  China"
"Hipster Owl"
"Splendid indeed."
"Popped up on my Facebook feed. I lol'd"
"You know you wish you had the balls to say this."
"Very true"
"The truth about the Captain America's shield"
"The truth about the Captain America's shield"
"The end is upon us."
"DJ at work"
"What a cruel male dominated culture."
"An Interesting Shift in Perspective"
"This shirt freaked me out."
"This instantly reminded me of Zoidberg (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"A tank of milk being dipped by cute Nazi girl's feet."
"Woman in Front of Swazi Flag Getting Milk Foot Bath"
"I can't even come up with a clever title for this"
"Just don't tell me this is art"
"Just going to leave this here. Have fun..."
"Spongebob  WHY?!"
"spongebob kills power rangers"
"You lookin' good."
"When I clicked on a link to r/horseshit..."
"My Neighbor Jake"
"That's funny"
"TIPS-N-TRICKS"
"The Mech Warrior Online Dev team being awesome!"
"didn't see that coming."
"Uhm...what?"
"A hole in one"
"Lag"
"Lag"
"Hot Air Balloon Piano"
"Soon...ish."
"Admin response to &quot;When are all the problems going to be fixed?&quot;"
"I'm bringing the party to you."
"Happy Birthday to You! -Tony"
"We like to party!"
"I'm bringing the party to you."
"Bringing the Party"
"&gt;that feel when /r9k/ is back"
"Flashbacks.."
"Post traumatic stress disorder"
"I've seen some things.. horrible things."
"Has this been done yet?"
"He saw some shit in 'Nam"
"Figuring out that I've missed my cakeday"
"DAAAYUMN keeed"
"This game is the sole reason I know anything about computers. I was 5 when it came out."
"People's reaction when it snows in NY in October."
"Me in the passenger seat when my wife is merging onto the freeway (x/r/gifs)"
"IMGUR is down!!!"
"My reaction when I found out my mom was reading 50 Shades of Grey."
"My reaction to making the front page of the Breaking Bad subreddit"
"My face when I realized I missed my cake day"
"That awkward moment when you upload a reddit on your phone and it doesn't add the link......"
"Cup of tea with the Mad Hatter? Yes please!"
"Mad Nigri"
"Jessica Nigri As Mad Moxxi"
"Dear bearded sky daddy  please bless these squad automatic weapons. kthxbai"
"Piglet naptime!"
"What about a pig?"
"You are being monitored"
"Take a walk"
"Gangnam Style Level: Fresh Prince"
"&quot;Home Alone&quot;"
"I am NOT a professional baker  I'm a marine biologist by trade... think my daughter will like her 6th birthday cake?"
"It'll put hair on your chin!"
"Beard Slap"
"Beard slap!"
"BEARD SLAP!"
"Don't like someone? Beard Slap 'Em!"
"Beard Slap"
"Beard slap!"
"Kitten having nightmares"
"If you don't say 'aww' to this; you have no soul."
"Love this one"
"Mommy hold me on"
"mommy hold me"
"Looks like Batman from The Dark Knight Returns"
"Why fat kids don't play sports."
"Mad Love"
"Mad love."
"Female ET having sex [NSFW]"
"bath time has commenced"
"Underwater Cave"
"my take on &quot;yolo&quot;"
"My reaction to every moneyhead picture..."
"Proof that cats use tools."
"Human  help me."
"Use the force..."
"Yeah  that seems about right..."
"Use the force..."
"Someone told me you guys like images of old guys with words by their heads"
"Every damn time!!!"
"All you need in a round sink."
"The story behind Life Alert"
"Where sick of your shit Stella"
"SPOILER ALERT"
"I shall play you the song of my people!"
"One song to rule them all."
"Sad cat"
"Staring Into Tomorrow."
"PACMAN"
"Does anyone find themselves going into a trance on /r/WTF and then waking up 15 pages later unsure of where they are?"
"First time seeing boobs.[SFW]"
"Perfect timing"
"When will these two get along?"
"Troll level: Predator"
"Footage from unreleased AVP 3 film."
"Bro  you are a dick."
"When scientists fool around."
"Scientists can be dicks"
"Good parenting?"
"If you are a nobama...you will find this hilarious!"
"Halloween is coming..."
"Obviously a republican."
"Cat giving a massage"
"Cat massage."
"Massage"
"Gotta Go Fast"
"No  we need a damn sequel to THIS GAME"
"Still waiting for a sequel for this gem"
"Russians"
"Stool sample"
"Has this been a problem before?"
"The post about Norwegian gun control reminded me of this beauty."
"Most people don't actually realize this."
"No time to shower in the morning? No problem"
"oh... patrick"
"Coffee with Jesus"
"Jesus on Illnesses"
"Damn it man  just sin!"
"Milk is living"
"Mega-Choc disapproves (xpost r/Pareidolia)"
"Mega-Choc disapproves (xpost r/Pareidolia)"
"Mega-Choc disapproves (xpost r/Pareidolia)"
"Yeah  fuck everyhting about life."
"FUCK"
"Fuck EVERYTHING about life"
"Ouch. Still  I guess it would be hard to test effectively [gif]"
"For those of us who are 6 feet tall and under 200lbs"
"How I Feel When A girl on gonewild asks If she should post more."
"What i look like when I'm at a gentlemen's club"
"My face when watching Women's Olympic Volleyball"
"Watching my karma go up every time I refresh the page after making a popular post."
"Creepy Jack Nicholson"
"The balloon is /r/atheism"
"When you're young  everyone is equal in your eyes"
"Photo of a kkk child touching a black mans riot police shield in Georgia. No one is born a racist."
"Grammar Nazi at its best"
"I dont even... wtf?"
"Whale whale whale"
"Just because a picture is safe for work doesn't mean it's safe for your mind. Case in point."
"I may have permanently lost my apetite..."
"Gets me every time."
"Respect the crosswalk bitch"
"Crosswalk guardians"
"so  what are you having for lunch?"
"Got it!"
"Yay!"
"civil war re-enactment"
"My brother got home really late last night and his wife left him a message in the kitchen."
"A Friend Of Mine Came Home Late. This Was The Hint From His Wife That This Is Unacceptable..."
"Puppy trap works perfectly."
"Ball! Ball  ball  ball  OH SHIT!"
"Do not push the ball."
"Chocolate? Chocolate!!!"
"Fuck this. I'm out"
"Fuck this  I'm tired of this shit"
"Galaxy F***ing Note"
"I choose you  kitty!"
"I saw this on Tumblr and knew I had to share it with Reddit. Gotta catch 'em all!"
"Snuggle"
"Thanks daddy... You Dickhead"
"Rule 34 never seems to disappoint SFW"
"All of my what. All of it."
"I have no words.."
"rollin' they see me"
"No wonder this parking spot was available..."
"Thirsty ants"
"The Photobomb Special"
"oh hai"
"For my Special Day  my all time favorite.. no title can do it justice."
"How I defeat all of my enemies."
"How I feel after browsing facebook"
"When I go to new on reddit"
"I'd do the same thing"
"When puns get out of hand"
"How I react when someone asks me if I smoke"
"Now..."
"Just an ordinary picnic."
"Sweet  Sweet Watermelon"
"The pier in Seattle. In October. I keep forgetting it's fall everywhere else. [x-post r/Seattle]"
"Cubed fruit."
"Wrongful revenge"
"I saw this on facebook... (facepalm)"
"Someone didn't do much background research when putting this production on..."
"At a loss for words"
"Looks like its smirking"
"TIL the founding fathers embedded this little-known tool into our system to combat rising incompetence in Congress."
"Me after my morning fap."
"OH  SORRY  BBL"
"Oops  wrong door..."
"Practice makes perfect!"
"Room Service (maybe NSFW)"
"Room Service"
"Now I can sleep in peace"
"How I felt when my last few submissions bombed."
"googled funny facebook conversations... success?"
"What...I don't even..."
"Vladimir Zoidberg"
"Found this on the Russian side of the internet (X-Post from /r/funny)"
"What I'm afraid will happen if I press F1-F12"
"ummmm........"
"Barbie calls shenanigans."
"Record cover from 1967. Ladies man alert. [x-post /r/funny]"
"It only took me fourteen years to notice this hidden joke in The Simpsons."
"Someone pass me a flamethrower"
"What I think when i see all the &quot;We need a dislike button!!&quot; pages on Facebook"
"Is this legit? Ryan Gosling as Walt Disney in WALT"
"Isn't enough pigs on r/aww"
"I found this to be hilarious"
"The perfectly designed Siberian bear-hunting armor (leather suit  metal helmet). Nothing could go wrong here."
"Siberian bear hunting armor from the 1800s"
"How to Spot Americans Abroad..."
"Musical Flies"
"What is going on in there?"
"Step 1: Cut a hole in a box"
"In the box or out of the box is the question!"
"4chan's take on Reddit and 9GAG"
"One day you'll thank them..."
"Pedo-Panda"
"Red Panda"
"Baby Red Panda shadow boxing"
"Rejoice! It's International Red Panda Day!"
"Rawrrrr I'm a red panda"
"Humming bird"
"I don't think I can ever masturbate again [NSFW/NSFL]"
"Nightmare fuel spider porn"
"Reddit police."
"I showed my sisters a post from r/funny while skyping."
"what happens when Gangnam Style starts playing at the club"
"Sexy."
"So much of an improvement"
"Job Post says Entry Level position  yet Job Description says 2-3 years minimum experience"
"How I feel about YOLO {Princess Bride Edition}"
"When a song I like is on the radio"
"Forever adog.."
"The best gif story never told"
"Noah's Ark: the great influence"
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"I went to the market and came back a man."
"Rush Hour in Mumbai"
"Rush Hour in Mumbai"
"Highway sign during windstorm"
"Highway sign eating"
"Excited highway sign very pleased you're passing under him"
"Wobble Sign"
"Toon town"
"I crack myself up sometimes."
"Just a panda being carried by people dressed as pandas."
"Baby panda being carried by people dressed as pandas. [Repost from pics]"
"So I heard you guys liked powerful photos."
"YTMND - Robin Hood Rooster"
"Whenever a friend asks me how my food is at a [7]+."
"My reaction when my annoying roommate declared he's leaving for the summer."
"My roommate just got home and told me lost his virginity"
"Labception"
"yo dawg"
"Vodka party"
"Hello..."
"Only available in certain stores"
"The doggie comes by pretty much at the same time every day  the kitty climbs down and they go for a stroll."
"Meanwhile in Mecca  Saudi Arabia"
"My friends and I are all of different faith  however this picture inspires all of us equally."
"Seven hells  Batman!!"
"Just promise me you'll do something great with your life."
"I heard you guys like cats [NSFW]"
"Naughty naughty"
"The saddest picture you will ever witness."
"Hello....? [gif]"
"When not sure if someone is the the bathroom at work."
"Unique! Probably a repost but whatever"
"4Chan - Flirt gone wrong"
"Spaghetti Flirting Or How to Loose Friends and Alienate People"
"Asians can't have red hair? Think again"
"My ginger friend is obsessed with asian girls. Found something interesting for him today."
"It's a dyson"
"Shitting bricks hurts."
"What 4chan thinks of ragecomics [NSFW]"
"le upboat dis if u crey evertim ;_;"
"Oh god why.."
"How I feel leaving campus after my exams."
"Today I got dumped  crashed my car on the way home and found my apartment broken into when I got back. This is me right now."
"Oh Anime... You never fail to make me go wtf"
"Are they happy or upset?"
"Finally..."
"The Coyote finally hire a helper."
"Fierce"
"My future's so bright"
"Haters gonna h- OH SHIT !"
"Confidence."
"To all the haters"
"Is it old? Yes. Is it offensive? Yes. Does it make me laugh no matter what? You're goddamn right."
"Found on page 16 of a google search"
"The power of food."
"The only support character ive ever loved"
"Spotting unhealthy snacks in my normally healthy household..."
"You're not so scary!"
"Woody"
"Woody"
"Runaway Truck"
"It's a bird! It's a plane! It's!..."
"everytime someone problem i know how to solve...to the rescue."
"Everytime I go to r/WTF..."
"And you said Polar Bears were cute...."
"Just like a mother..."
"I can never look at polar bears the same way. WTF."
"Ridiculously photogenic Horse!!!!"
"Bitch please  I'm fabulous [FIXED]!"
"Bitch please  I'm fabulous !"
"Happy horse face"
"Muzzle flash from a tank's 120 mm gun"
"KAME-HAME-HA"
"I'm so proud."
"Burn!"
"Arctic Fox Pup Calling"
"Arctic Fox Pup BLARGH"
"Messerschmitt Bf. 109 wind tunnel testing 1940. [1600x 1209]"
"didnt know there was a difference. [6]"
"How 13 year old girls talk..."
"For a second there I thought there was some incest going on [FB]"
"All the smallest places [FB]"
"It's going to be her first smartphone"
"I want to play a game..."
"Damn it  he won again!"
"Lacoste"
"Trolling:to lazy to care"
"As a city worker  this actually works! You're welcome"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Where are the bullies"
"What posting in /r/lifehack feels like"
"My favorite gif"
"I wasnt talking to you"
"The best way to bake a chicken."
"Cannot explain"
"What a childhood this must've been."
"Meteor streaking across the sky"
"Fedoras"
"swan dive"
"Swan dive"
"Workaholics"
"Jesus Toast!!"
"I just had to share this"
"Capoeira dodgeball."
"Unbelievable dodgeball move"
"BOOM HEADSHOT"
"Well... I'm not going to sleep anymore."
"That is all."
"Umm...."
"Redditor discovers ancient race of living forks. Instead of revealing his discovery to the world  he proceeds to enslave them and FORCE them to pose for hours in order to get that biologically metallurgic Karma."
"The Feast"
"When they rise [Xpost r/pics]"
"The Feast?"
"I wish I was that damn cat...."
"Sweet dreams"
"Boob Cat"
"They said I could be whatever I wanted..."
"Louis Armstrong playing the trumpet for his wife in front of the sphinx  circa 1961."
"Still my favorite L4D comic ever."
"My Reaction to Hearing Call me Maybe at a rest stop in Spain after a 7 Hour Flight"
"Buy a game on steam then it going on sale the next day"
"When somebody steals your joke and makes everyone laugh"
"Father  son  and elephant"
"Father  son and elephant"
"Infinite Tom Sellecks"
"I Only Googled &quot;Bluh&quot;..."
"Googled Mustache...."
"It's moustaches all the way down"
"Sychedelic rainbow over Mount Everest  very rare moment."
"Another way they are different.."
"Every time I sit down..."
"Push it"
"So inspiring"
"The rare Morning Glory Cloud can stretch for hundreds of miles and no one is completely sure why they form in the first place"
"Line Clouds"
"&quot;Morning Glory&quot; cloud formations"
"I can't even!"
"Oh  well  uh  okay."
"So  I tried visiting /b/"
"This belongs here (x-post from r/funny)"
"Psychedelic Ants"
"Ant's drinking colored water [pic]"
"Misogyny"
"strongest pimp hand of all time"
"Been there"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Guy  the real story."
"I love when people take the bait..."
"True love blossoms..."
"Facebook doesn't deliver much  so here's the best I got."
"When I notice my karma went up by 10 overnight"
"Waking up to more karma than yesterday"
"Forever Alone Level: 100"
"Bedsheet for Boys"
"Go home tracks  you're drunk."
"Nailed it"
"How to Own a bus driver....twice"
"At a lack for words..."
"This is why Oscar the Grouch is the way he is.."
"Oscar's Origin"
"Honey I'm Home!"
"'Merica!"
"Fiery jump (xpost from pics)"
"Bike Jumping While Someone Spits Fire On You Looks Really Fun [1600x1067]"
"Walked in on my son watching TV like this. Freaked me out for a second."
"Redditor saws off his son's legs to fund his addiction to the sweet elixir of karma."
"Found my son watching TV like this."
"Hey there Delilah...[Text NSFW]"
"This is soccer"
"Soccer fans remember this? If so please tell me the players"
"Science can be mean."
"Science can be mean"
"NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"
"Sums up my feelings toward black licorice."
"Dramatic SAM JACKSON"
"hmm... new species?"
"I haven't seen a more perfect kick in my life."
"WORST FLESHLIGHT EVER!"
"all you need is prayer."
"Wow"
"Childhood death traps [FIXED]"
"Everytime I see a Snail now I'm expecting this"
"Grilling on the Dark Side"
"That's no fire-pit"
"Well Shit..."
"The realization your DD is more drunk than you..."
"Me after seeing the front page entirely covered with terrible memes"
"We've got an image to live up to"
"This is in my local library"
"Manly(Sydney) Library sticks it to Lance Armstrong"
"Library announcement"
"Lance Armstrong Books"
"Sydney library sticks it to Lance Armstrong (x-post from Australia)"
"My local library put this up regarding Lance Armstrong books - Fiction / Non-Fiction"
"Saw this is in my local library  they were quick to act!"
"Manly library's response to Lance's interview. [x-post from /r/Australia]"
"New super hero revealed at Comic-Con."
"Spaghetti Hotdog"
"Just some godly man groping Katy Perry"
"oh how i wish i was him"
"Lucky motherfucker"
"A theist &quot;friend&quot; posted this on my wall"
"Oops!"
"This is why I'm afraid of getting a new tattoo"
"Oh James..."
"James Holmes solves the mystery of life."
"So that's what he was thinking about."
"Cat slap!"
"I'll let it slide this time..."
"averting used to be so much better"
"meanwhile in Australia"
"Deep ladder in a waterfall"
"Going down?"
"I don't know what dubstep is. Now I'm not sure I want to."
"Slurp"
"I've heard that you like milk..."
"Lincoln"
"Historical accuracy"
"Lincoln in Theaters."
"Second time is a charm"
"Turtle Bomb."
"Complete wtf"
"Boys first blowjob"
"Oh Garth"
"Periodic Table...."
"He likes to be the small spoon."
"&quot;Press the X Button&quot;"
"How I look when I try to act sexy"
"Always Gave Me Nightmares"
"Big mouth on this little guy"
"Stop being such a dik  dik.."
"HEY!!"
"A coworker found this little guy outside. Now he wont let him work."
"Worm Guy"
"Dat Neck"
"When I found out my friends reddit account username."
"How I feel having a top rated comment on a front page post"
"I pretty much lost it on this one"
"How to test if my son is gay?"
"I found my favorite gif ever"
"The carpool will arrive in one hour"
"How I feel browsing R/WTF....and yet I keep coming back"
"my favorite new gif"
"How I felt after quitting my first job"
"How I feel watching the Olympics today."
"No umbrella? Try your tail!"
"Squirrel in snow"
"A Halloween special"
"Cutest Halloween Costume Ever"
"Mind = blown"
"Just goin surfing"
"In the 90s this was was called painful dial-up noise...(xpost from pics)"
"What happens in this subreddit."
"To everyone who comments on my posts."
"Christian Bale"
"Bateman won't give the maitre d' head"
"Browsing reddit after having sex for the first time in a long while"
"Atheist Cat"
"Atheist Cat"
"Mind=Blown"
"The Avongers"
"Best Hulk costume ever."
"What the Avengers would look like if they had no money"
"We need to go deeper"
"Good Advertising"
"My friend called me to have a Batman marathon."
"This isn't unusual"
"do you believe in batman?"
"This song goes with anything!"
"Bane tearing up the floor"
"When it's my birthday  you have my permission to dance! Happy birthday tom Hardy  you talented  magnificent bastard."
"Bane fake blooding"
"This gif is perfect for so much stuff its unreal."
"Jolene  Jolene  Jolene  Joleneeee  I'm begging of you please don't take my (Bat)man."
"Bane's Living in the sunlight"
"Natural pixel shadow on window blinds after rain. [Cross-post from ITAP]"
"Who makes your jacket?"
"This is me at ANY party..."
"Jack and Sally"
"Jack and Sally"
"Blue Ice cave - Antarctica"
"What The Queen Was Thinking In Her Head"
"The Question Of Our Time"
"Just a kitten sound asleep."
"The definition of aww!"
"Look what my friend found!"
"Why doesn't Steam show a time as well? Is it too much to ask so I don't wipe what could be hours of playtime from my saves?"
"After photoshopping this  I wondered what I have been doing with my life."
"Terrifying faceswap [x-post from r/funny]"
"Blood Falls - Antarctica"
"Finally  a .gif with sound!"
"When I live across the country from my home state and see somebody with my home state's license plate."
"When I see another guy at a chick flick"
"Didn't put sandals on as I was pumping gas. Saw another guy also without shoes"
"Scumbag Doctors."
"Lol  doctors.."
"To the old school gamer  this is for you."
"Super Mario World"
"A storm is coming"
"Elevators are for squares  man"
"Climbing the tallest building in the world (x-post /r/adrenalineporn)"
"I seriously don't want to live on this planet anymore..."
"Wut?"
"What to think about this r/atheism?"
"I'm not a big fan of arguing religion on Facebook  but the &quot;happy I got sick&quot; posts are the hardest to ignore."
"That awesome moment."
"What God Thinks of You"
"Dubstep Chemists"
"Whenever someone says &quot;YOLO&quot; on Reddit."
"How I would play Mortal Kombat as a child."
"How you know you've been working your job for too long"
"...but why the snow boots?"
"Rare domestic Silver Back Gorilla"
"Public toilets in Europe."
"Fashion"
"It's called fashion..."
"Lich King  Witch King..."
"Lich King  Witch King..."
"Dat ass.[NSFW]"
"Dat Ass!"
"404 error"
"404 Error"
"A dutch revolt has hit the streets..."
"WTF roots? Challenge accepted."
"Wizard of Oz WTF edition"
"Are you ready for Black Man &amp; Robin?"
"This ALWAYS happens..."
"All you Redditors have been sending Simon Pegg a repost it seems."
"This is why America's education system is in the toilet."
"Truth."
"truth"
"The Sarcastic Fringehead Fish"
"How I act when I meet a girl I like"
"American Power"
"WTF"
"Beating my little brother at video games"
"Between the Earth and sky  do the giants rise and fall. (photographer's page and other works in comments)"
"Like a BOSS!"
"Not one single fuck was given that day."
"When you become a Kabab-Chef's sweetheart... living becomes too easy."
"My cat is leash trained. Ok  well he's still learning."
"Now back at me."
"Look at the title"
"Reddit workout"
"I'll just have a big mac and a AAAAAARRRGGGHHHHH!"
"Whatcha doin?"
"My brother did what?!?!"
"Feels"
"The other side of 4chan... wow. (xpost)"
"But you didn't. (Text)(Xpost /r/4chan)"
"Slim Jim sponsored the shortest free-fall of all time."
"Trying to downvote a repost on /r/new"
"When I try to downvote an awesome gif that I've already seen"
"Jerry must love his job."
"Ertz term fur schuhmer!"
"[7]"
"Science snuggles"
"Lab Partners"
"Team Evolution"
"&quot;Just doing my job&quot;"
"No gorillas"
"Does this actually work on Girl?"
"It's all about proper playing position[C&amp;H]"
"Not a single fuck was given (NSFW)"
"The Moses Bridge"
"That little round headed kid"
"Charles Brown."
"Perfect for those that hate their children."
"Creativity taken a bit too far..."
"The thug life chose me."
"Before and after marriage"
"Leeloo &quot;Bacon&quot; Multi-Pass - Extra Pics"
"Leeloo &quot;Bacon&quot; Multi-Pass"
"Leeloo Dallas Multi-Paws"
"I wood"
"As we approach fall and flu season  remember..."
"1943 ad reminds you that projectile coughing is RUDE!"
"I don't see what is so wei... Ooh... There it is. [NSFW]"
"Pidgey fainted."
"Don't Worry. Just Fainted."
"Pokemon logic"
"Let the cute melt you!"
"Pudu fawn (smallest species of deer)"
"It's not what it looks like"
"Saw this on 4chan last week. Discuss."
"That is one way to win a bull fight"
"como te llama"
"The Batman"
"NANANANANA"
"I don't think I even want to know where this came from [NSFW]"
"WTF factor in this one is high (Somewhat NSFW)"
"Wat"
"ANAL NINJA"
"Dat Face"
"An assassin of the highest caliber."
"This is what I got for Christmas this year"
"Golf ball hitting wall in slow motion"
"Some man claimed he was the guy in this picture that had previously accumulated 3000+ however the picture is actually of me before a costume party and yes I love my dog"
"Flight of valkyries"
"Military Fail"
"That must be damn good camo..."
"All your WTF posts disgust me"
"How I feel when a r/gonewild post is #1 on my front page"
"*Sigh* EVERY TIME!"
"when I come across a NSFW pic on the front page"
"Every religious person..."
"That was a very well laid out  rational point"
"Ex's and fine wine"
"Found this on my friends computer..."
"Wish you were here"
"Wtf Leg tattoo"
"This is the best type of Illuminati."
"Cartoon's greatest minds together."
"Saturday Mornings"
"Today's plans:"
"Ahh  I'm just a big toasty cinnamon bun"
"Bitch"
"I'll never look at Mickey and/or Minnie the same  ever again ..."
"Just hold on a second here...let me try'n grasp all of this"
"7. The most frightening number ever"
"7 8 9"
"Lion King"
"Anybody else from the 90s? You know these."
"So close."
"'MERICA"
"When absolutely nothing goes right"
"How I feel contributing to a new meme."
"Three wishes"
"Spelling level: The South."
"So I was reviewing the footage from the camera on my R/C plane when I noticed something strange...."
"Shit could be worse"
"Set this as wallpaper a few months ago and forgot about it. Had rough few days and this morning it really helped."
"Truths: some larger than others"
"This is my homepage at home and at work and always helps me get through bad days."
"So What Bro  That's Not Bad At All!!"
"Just broke up with my GF  redditor friend comes to cheer me up and secretly changed my desktop photo...."
"Happy mother's day"
"I go where I please"
"This is how my Grandparents cat relaxes."
"I need to go pee  but I can't move"
"Me during a long week of nothing but tests."
"The average Redditor when a female shows interest in them."
"So damn cute  repost? Still worth it!"
"Magic. That is the only explanation Dog"
"Seriously..how?"
"My kitten just woke up"
"Wait  really?"
"Does it smell fresh in here or is it just me?"
"Oh that's nice  children playi- WHAT THE FUCK?!"
"Pure Happiness"
"Audition at the new Mongolian Idol"
":O"
"Yo dawg...."
"After much time had passed and realizing that girl was totally trying to flirt with me."
"A gif that I made of Sarah Jessica Parker morphing into a horse."
"I asked Google &quot;how am I going to die?&quot; this is what came up"
"Back to school supplies"
"Back to school essentials in Poland"
"Seems legit."
"Just what kids need.."
"Hate when I drink too much and this happens.....yup."
"As a Floridian  this is how I feel about all this hurricane business..."
"Kung Fu... kitty?"
"My life is complete"
"Neil With It"
"I hate it when cashiers make remarks"
"How Male Redditors Act When Females Post Pictures of Themselves"
"FML"
"We all know this feeling {saddest gif in existence}"
"Wolf Eating a Watermelon"
"easily the most retarded thing I ever saw[FIXED]"
"When talk about &quot;how offensive ______ is&quot;"
"Best moment on this show ever."
"Welp  that's enough internet for today."
"I have the most WTF boner right now."
"What the fuck is this? (NSFW dinosaurs)"
"Is this what the kids are fapping to nowadays?? [NSFW/PORN]"
"Finally.. some porn I can get in to (NSFW) [x-post]"
"How DRM Really Works"
"Three hours into my drive across the state of Kansas"
"Headline of the day."
"they'll do anything to sell a Blackberry"
"6000 Rim Jobs On The Line"
"6000 Rim Jobs On The Line."
"Gotta laugh at life... rolling on the floor"
"Not one fuck was givin this day"
"Reality...who needs it"
"Awkward family portraits. My new favourite thing!"
"Conan and Xena.... Sorta"
"I see your nerd couple  and raise you &quot;ultra&quot; nerd couple...."
"Ripley and Jonesy"
"I'll be stealing this idea for Halloween this year"
"All of these years they've been feeding me lies!"
"I've been eating them wrong for years!"
"Dramatic cat."
"&quot;Lava Kiss&quot;: Amazing entry into National Geographic's Traveler Photo Contest 2012"
"Growing old"
"My first time on 4chan. My reaction."
"Self-help flowchart"
"Valentine's Day is Cancelled!"
"Valentines Day is CANCELED!!"
"Nutella  I love you."
"Nutella always helps"
"I small graph for living life"
"Coolest fort ever...even if it didn't last long"
"Rainbow wave runner"
"ain't no party like a 'whose line' party"
"Now that exams are over"
"Ewoks"
"My girlfriend when I climax too early during a BJ"
"God bless you dad"
"god bless you dad"
"I can't believe I ate them all."
"It was only time before it happened"
"Billy Mays Maize Maze"
"Minors?"
"I guess I'll sleep over here..."
"I guess I'll sleep over here [FIXED]..."
"I guess I'll sleep over here"
"Sorry if this is a repost. I saw it and loved it!"
"War does not determine who is right..."
"Classic"
"What Happens To Girls That Play Video Games"
"That's enough internet  I'm going outside"
"I see your weird hands and feet  and challenge with my outstanding nipples. This cannot be beaten."
"Your brain is not ready for this [GIF]"
"A Scanner Darkly [gif]"
"A Scanner Darkly"
"I'm here about the burning loins."
"My favorite self pic"
"Teacup human"
"Dogpad"
"Well  I want one."
"Fear and Loathing in Ashdown?"
"AHA! We caught you!"
"Is it just me or does Pope looks a little too much like the Emperor? Behold Pope Palpatine!"
"Wal-Mart Cake"
"Mother!"
"I got ya covered"
"Father of the day award goes to..."
"Father of the year (x-post from r/pics)"
"So this is where it comes from.."
"It makes sense"
"do a barrel roll!"
"I Needed To Be Done."
"Do a Barrel Roll!"
"chicago hot dog"
"Im to lazy to add a titel"
"Time to dance"
"I'm Dancing!"
"How I feel when I am woken up before 12 on saturday"
"Hey man  fuck crust"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"We Get It"
"Reason I couldn't sleep last night"
"How productive i feel working on a saturday"
"Too true"
"Found this gem on yahoo answers"
"Dont be a dick Spiderman!"
"The reason that spider-man is always masterbating"
"Giraffe fight"
"Tainted Cat"
"Has anyone found this sweater for sale yet?"
"Yeah... so that happened."
"Yeah... so that happened here too."
"Eat a snickers Dave..."
"nomomomom *sniff* WUT"
"in da face!"
"Poot."
"poot."
"How I know I've gotten my protein intake back up..."
"Your move  captcha..."
"A Natural Lollercopter"
"Mantis knows the internet"
"Whoa  this bamboo is a badass"
"It wasn't me  honestly"
"What I imagine when people like their own facebook status..."
"When I submit a link to reddit and get only 1 upvote"
"I just want one upvote  I can't stand having an odd number of link karma."
"Laziness: Level 79"
"Pfronten  Germany"
"Pfronten  Germany [OC]"
"I rarely tweet cute stuff  but when i do its adorable"
"I don't know why  but this is my all time favorite gif"
"Got no Chocolate for Easter..."
"How I feel when I go onto r/lounge"
"This is what I see when someone types emoticons mouth first D:"
"I wish my face looked like this so I could pull the bed covers over my eyes but still be able to breathe"
"this should win me reddit"
"Hey  Fuck You buddy!!"
"For a lot of us this is the best father's day gift"
"Looking back at one of my favorite games as a kid  I realize how fucking weird this was."
"Browsing through r/corgi."
"MFW I went to sleep with little karma  and woke up with over 1500."
"Reading the 5 year old child's AMA"
"Reading the 5 year old child's AMA (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"Got it."
"Beware Joey Chestnut..."
"Figured you guys would like this."
"DJ Jesus"
"What I think every time Hurricane Sandy is mentioned"
"Farm cats."
"Fresh milk"
"thats so nice kitties - Imgur"
"What a champ."
"How do I keep my bear quiet ? I pet him really fast on the top of his head."
"Scull eye"
"A Butterfly brings human skull remains to LIFE!"
"Moth Eye"
"Dr.Cox STFU"
"My reaction when someone tells a bad joke"
"When someone corrects something I've said with a lengthy and thought-out rebuttal."
"Searched for &quot;Dog in a jumper&quot;  was not left dissapointed."
"Cat People  this is for you."
"I thought this belonged on Reddit."
"How I feel when I downvote something in r/new"
"Happy Birthday Grandpa!"
"Oh My  what are those trees doing? [Optical Illusion][NSFW]"
"I think this belongs here [x-post r/trees]"
"Just some trees"
"tha fuck..."
"This popped up when I searched &quot;pics&quot; on google."
"I added all of these to my to do list. All of them."
"To do list..."
"North Pole Sunset"
"NYC Taxi Driver  Ram"
"Tension: the killer on the road"
"4Chan on RCT"
"How I spend my days on Dead Rising 2"
"Haters gonna Hate"
"How do you plead?"
"Merry Fucking Christmas. What to expect for 1 night in the hospital when you don't have health insurance."
"What to expect for 1 night in the hospital when you don't have health insurance in Canada."
"... damnit  Reddit"
"We got a letter! (repost from Facebook)"
"Serched Nigel Thornberry and this is what came up"
"Stumbled across this today... Smashing!"
"Deal wi-arghhh"
"Red crabs climb over an overpass to cross a road on Christmas Island during their migration."
"Meanwhile in Africa..."
"[FB] Playing video games.. such a nerd XD"
"First you go 'aaw' then you laugh your ass off."
"Flying squirrel."
"Stealth pup"
"They're so excited for their food!"
"Mouth says eat  legs say no"
"redditor buys plush puppies and sticks their faces in dog bowls  all for that yummy karma."
"Mouth says eat  legs say no..."
"Don't bump the table."
"Straight to the bed"
"Now what?"
"Time for bed"
"It's bed time kitty!"
"And now the song of my people..."
"Role reversal."
"This comic manages to make animal cruelty seem ok..."
"This photo was made for reddit"
"Jesus is a jerk"
"Fuck off  Jesus"
"surprise!"
"Every damn time..."
"How I feel as a St. Louis Cardinals fan right now. (Sorry Atlanta)."
"I probably played this more than Blue  Gold  and Sapphire combined."
"A map showing metal bands per capita"
"Hai!"
"Overly Attached Splicer?"
"What is love?"
"When I'm getting downvoted into oblivion due to an unpopular opinion and one person agrees with me and tries to defend"
"This is a bismuth crystal. And yes this is how it forms naturally."
"Before your judge others  or claim any absolute truth..."
"Something is wrong with this hamster."
"Aww  it's so cuAAUUUGHH"
"Aww  look at the cute little.... what. the fuck."
"my reaction when i agree with an opinion on reddit."
"Every time I watch Louis CK"
"so.much.room."
"The noises! I'm not used to them yet!"
"Never underestimate the little guys"
"Not the outcome I expected"
"Down goes Frazier"
"headshot"
"head shot"
"Whenever I hear the term swag I think of this and things aren't so bad anymore"
"I'll probably get down voted into oblivion  lol"
"Rabbit happily munching on his greens"
"Im doing it"
"A cat that loves classical music as much as I do"
"Kid &amp; Play [gif]"
"Kid &amp; Play [gif]"
"Kids at Play"
"You stand no chance against this guy"
"The solution to all my childhood problems"
"Starwars like a sir."
"This never fails to make me laugh xD"
"Business Penguin is gettin' a move on"
"Shouting guy"
"whenever I am shopping for electronics."
"As a Software Engineer shopping at Best Buy"
"Women &amp; cats"
"MEOWL!"
"How I felt after each book the first time I read them..."
"I saw this in r/harrypotter. I think that asoiaf readers can relate better"
"Whoever said dogs shouldn't do acid..."
"I found this pic when i typed in nyan cat into wallbase and ive never seen it before but thought it was pretty epic"
"All that's missing is a delicious piece of bacon."
"The internet in one image."
"Googled &quot;the internet&quot;  was not let down"
"Not sure if repost but i googled &quot;Most epic picture of all time&quot; and found this"
"So I googled &quot;The Internet&quot;"
"Daniel Radcliffe on being short"
"Probably my favorite Daniel Radcliffe quote"
"Why else would I be here?"
"Mr. Giraffe goes to a wedding"
"Classy giraffe!"
"If it fits..."
"If it fits"
"Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting..."
"UFC fighter punches himself."
"Cali Swag District Super Heroes"
"Cali Swag District Super Heroes"
"Surprised no one else though of this combination"
"Shake ya ass  watch Gotham."
"Relax"
"get in there  yeah yeah."
"Batman can't stop the beat!"
"Can't stop  won't stop [FIXED]"
"when you go against the hive-mind"
"Sensei rabbit"
"HIFW the wife is on her way home after a bit of sexting (SFW)"
"Dat wiggle - Imgur"
"Dark Side Condom."
"Perfect Timing"
"I was photobombed while taking pictures of the moon."
"Redditor camps out to take picture of airplane  all for that first class  airborne karma."
"NOL (Nope'd Out Loud)"
"Where can I buy planks  nails  and diapers  please?"
"Deal with it."
"So  my girlfriend decided to Rule 34 food..."
"One of the most powerful writings from the diary of Teddy Roosevelt the day his wife passed. Even though it has been posted before I still get chills every time"
"Derp"
"Wha?!"
"Parallel parking."
"Bucharest Riots"
"Drugs Stahp"
"Stahp it Drugs!"
"Drugs"
"After I make a submission  I immediately check the new queue"
"Will you marry me?"
"Fridge"
"page not found"
"...I... I'm sorry"
"Insanely beautiful cat"
"Ohh you're a purrddyyy kitty!"
"I would've married this woman so hard."
"Mom I am waiting"
"Mom I am waiting (x-post from /pics)"
"Donald Duck: Hook  Line  and Succor"
"Don't fuck with the Duck"
"Oh Donald..."
"True for all games in this series..."
"Monorail cat"
"This is normal  right? RIGHT?!"
"photogenic"
"Those eyes..."
"Hello."
"My favorite perry bible fellowship comic"
"The last of the unicorns"
"Whenever I see a NSFW Tag [Fixed][Fixed]"
"When a friend said in middle school they would draw something cool on your arm."
"Arrogant atheists"
"Best Thing I've Ever Found on the Internet"
"I think it's her cakeday  but what is she doing? Sucking the life out from the cake... [nsfw]"
"Just a normal week explained to you by CATS!"
"no  infomercials  that is not how you drink milk"
"Jimmy always takes his fantasies too far (x-post r/funny)"
"No infomercials  that is not how you drink milk. [Fixed]"
"Just another mashup"
"Hurricane Sandy."
"My friend posted this on Facebook in response to Hurricane Sandy coming this weekend."
"What I always want to do before i go to work"
"This is what I on friends' Facebook walls on their birthday."
"How I feel when I tell a joke and no one laughs"
"Whenever my posts get no upvotes."
"How I feel when someone downvotes me."
"Simultaneously the best and worst moment in Japanese Cinema [xpost /r/wtfjapan]"
"How I felt when I told my Friend about Reddit and ruined his marks."
"Staying up ten minutes later than your bedtime as a kid."
"How I feel finally having a post hit the front page and watching my karma go up"
"Evolution of Nintendo's Game Controllers!"
"Old school saucy love - 1920s (Xpost r/OldSchoolCool)"
"How I feel when I wave to a girl and she waves back..."
"don't."
"Me everyday:"
"How I feel the next morning after a night of drinking."
"MineCraft IRL"
"What US uniforms should have been [FIXED][FIXED]"
"What the US uniforms should have been [REALLY FIXED]"
"What the US uniforms should have been [fixed] [fixed] [fixed]"
"Cats. Adorable but not the sharpest knives in the block"
"A guy I was working with likes to argue with me about religion. Today I sent him this."
"Arguing with Christians"
"One too many times."
"childhood excitement wasn't very complicated"
"Perhaps the most underrated SNES game"
"How To Play Happy Birthday On the Phone (xpost from /r/pics)"
"GTFO"
"Boom Headshot (x-post from r/Soccer)"
"Passion of the crust"
"Just bought the complete dvd set of this amazing show. I am pumped."
"Amazing volcano photo"
"Braille Rubik's"
"Rubik's Cube Level"
"Reasons guys clean their man parts everyday"
"Easily offended."
"I mustache you a question."
"Girl hold up!"
"oh girl ..."
"Mark Twain – ‘It’s easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.’"
"One is not like the other"
"The goddess of 90s TV teenagers."
"When I was 13 I masturbated to her [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Family Reunion at GamGam's [Belongs here]"
"The ACTUAL wtf In This Picture"
"Well i guess this is normal"
"Bill Nye gets all the love. Where's the love for this guy?"
"Things you can only do with boys"
"Things you can only do with boys"
"While I wouldn't want to share either of these pictures  the standard remains. [X-post from r/funny]"
"Things you can only do with boys"
"misanthrope..?"
"Flee Ohio"
"Oh hi"
"Smile for the camera!"
"Ultimate Dog Derp"
"Circular Quay Sydney.Taken from the steps of the Sydney Opera House"
"Flagging the Pole Star  setting up for the 43rd Oregon Country Fair (OC)"
"Just another summer sunset photo."
"My Min-Pin waking up from bladder surgery"
"Taken while walking up a beach in Wailua"
"This is true for me"
"Every time I watch the Walking Dead"
"Found a Wolf Spider in my shower tonight..."
"So there was a spider in my house yesterday.."
"The fuck is this?"
"Two years of my life gone. Gimme."
"It’s a hard life"
"#Firstworldproblems: Skyrim"
"This drives me absolutely nuts"
"Just heard my roommate say this."
"My pregnant girlfriend's birthday dilemma..."
"This is me every time I log onto Facebook"
"Sarcasm on the Internets"
"I can't believe my wife said this after shopping."
"First world problems lol"
"All Zelda games on a timeline."
"Geniuses at work"
"That looks like fun."
"I don't remember reading this one..."
"I don't remember this Berenstain Bears book..."
"fun with photoshop"
"Air Bubble in Water Bubble in Microgravity."
"4chan doing it"
"This loop is blowing my mind."
"Hypnotic break dancing"
"Antigravity!"
"&quot;Heads up captain&quot;"
"Everyone knows the head tilt."
"Star Trek Grunts"
"Matchpoint"
"Star Tennis"
"It goes so well..."
"It goes so well..."
"Well  turns out that some animals can be half-albino. Like this peacock."
"Did a clean-up of my computer - came across this picture - laughed for about an hour"
"A true man."
"If FOX news existed throughout history"
"Tom Hardy and JGL [xpost r/tomhardy]"
"Every time I stumble into r/spacedicks."
"How to wash your hands"
"Moral of the story: Don't Trust /v/ when buying games."
"the bargain hunter"
"BREAKING NEWS."
"Snogging on camera"
"History is great."
"Cut Loose Panda"
"Watch this while listening to ANY music"
"We can dance if we want to."
"Party Panda"
"King of the world!"
"MFW I reposted the same picture two years in a row to cash in on tons of karma."
"To all the dry ents out there."
"To everyone taking finals."
"How me and my cousin feel about family gatherings on Christmas eve after our annoying aunt shows up"
"When I'm on my way home and my phone battery is at 1%"
"that awkward moment when a seahorse gives birth.."
"Got a speeding ticket while vacationing in another country."
"This is how I feel with only two days left at my horrible job"
"I just found out that I missed my cakeday."
"Coke doesn't play games"
"Emma Watson Part II"
"Poop Chute"
"Best tasting glass EVER"
"How lovely"
"When puppies attack"
"&quot;Penis Snake&quot; recently discovered in Brazilian Amazon"
"The Brazilian penis snake (Atretochoana eiselti.) Isn't nature beautiful?"
"The rare Brazilian penis snake."
"Fuck off Jesus"
"Vegan porn (SFW)"
"What I Guess Happens on Ones Cake Day."
"Not a single fuck was given  until he touched that ass."
"all i can do is laugh!"
"Chinese Foot Binding - Oh-Em-Gee"
"If Transformers were humans."
"Checkmate Christians!"
"Take THAT  guy from 6 years ago who was mean to me once."
"Saw this at my local family christian book store"
"That's fine  I wasn't planning on sleeping tonight anyway."
"Inevitable"
"I think it knows what those gloves mean"
"I actually feel sorry for Twilight."
"Inception 'kick' scene: Cat edition"
"he is just so happy"
"Dope rhymes  these are"
"This one seemed so much more applicable to the gif"
"Obi-Wan's feelin' fine"
"Happy Obi-Wan is happy"
"How I feel when I'm in warp to a fight"
"Me on my way back from picking up a half pound."
"Haters gonna hate"
"when my favourite song plays"
"Walking past clubbers  while listening to Skrillex in a tweed jacket."
"How I feel walking past clubbers  whilst listening to Skrillex in a tweed jacket."
"I just pound the drums and do the Africa face"
"When People Ask Why I Have An Obsession With Religion..."
"When people ask why I have a problem with religion."
"When I'm accused of being a militant atheist."
"this is why."
"Costume or doll?"
"Depressed Pidgeon Mascot"
"Disturbing school mascot."
"Cats are cool  but Bunnies are better. And fluffiesh."
"Look at that ass"
"Ann Coulter responds to critics of the &quot;retard tweet&quot;"
"I have always considered myself a straight man. Suddenly I'm not so sure. Christopher Walken."
"Taste the rainbow motherfucker"
"Taste the rainbow"
"No  no there isn't."
"I make milk  what's your super power?"
"googled Ariel Atom  saw this in top 6 images...W T F"
"How i feel when i upgrade my internet connection."
"Epic Cute Muppet Cupcakes"
"I always knew the Swedish Chef was one sick son of a..."
"Woodrow Wilson  1922"
"Food Scarcity"
"What is food scarcity?"
"I think it is safe to say I would rather stay out of their way."
"i googled the most awesome picture ever taken and this is what i got as a result"
"Shit Just Got Real"
"Ricky getting it right."
"I think this belongs here"
"Gotta Love Ricky Gervais"
"Why I skip all posts with posts titled  &quot;My favorite '_____'&quot;"
"Come at me  bro"
"Come at me bro"
"No  I love this guy in every movie."
"can't  stop  laughing"
"What Im Definitely Doing Tonight"
"Quit playin"
"Not something I'd like to cross paths with...ever."
"Grand Canyon Lightning storm  worth a re-visit"
"Amazing picture of the Grand Canyon"
"stupid text"
"Nope  I nomad"
"U Mad?"
"I've made a huge mistake."
"As Per Request"
"If you're visiting Saskatchewan you might want to avoid this place..."
"First time ?"
"That escalated quickly."
"First world anarchy! [x-post from /r/vancouver]"
"His wife's evening is in danger"
"Searched Pancake Nipples on Google. What a fantastic second image"
"Soo much WTF dr phill"
"Everybody has to eat."
"A breakfast fit for a Faun."
"Every Redditor  upon encountering a gruesome crash and/or kittens"
"When someone reposts from 9gag"
"Cute"
"WTF is this guy doing?"
"This is just ... weird ... [NSFW]"
"After I do well on an exam"
"She said yes."
"Jamie Hyneman's secret identity?"
"Do the Hyneman!"
"When I'm arguing with my ex and she sends me a really long message."
"I wonder if anyone else thought to do this."
"I just can't help acting like this after a strike in bowling."
"How I feel having survived a week of no fap September"
"Because fuck reading"
"Jamie Hyneman after seeing his AMA do well."
"How I feel after Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman both responded to me in their AMAs"
"Jamie Hyneman Dancing"
"Gettin' Jamie Wit' It"
"MUSTACHES!"
"His mustache is better than yours"
"Take that r/Atheism!"
"That's the spot"
"Louis CK: Comedian  Masturbator"
"Louis C.K. on masturbation"
"Louis C.K. Comedian/Masturbator"
"In retrospect  my childhood sucked"
"In honor of our K9 friends on Memorial Day {pic}"
"When I found r/popping"
"Oh hell no! (xpost from r/images  credit to Adoolski)"
"who wants to go for a swim in the Niger River?"
"Never thought about butter this way."
"Good and good for you."
"Butter"
"There's nothing better than butter"
"I love that the wall is already wet..."
"How to handle Road Rage"
"Still my favourite gif"
"anyone remember this"
"Jesus was not a Zombie! (X-Post from r/RPG)"
"This easter  remember  Jesus was NOT a Zombie!"
"Remember today  that Jesus was in fact not a zombie..."
"This guy never has to worry about his car getting stolen!"
"thanks  bro!"
"Y U NO UNDERSTAND?!?!!!"
"How I feel on AWW"
"This Should Never Be Allowed to Happen"
"Female Thor Cosplay"
"Hey Reddit  Did you know Thor has a sister...her name is Whor"
"This quote changed my life. They had it down in 300 BC. Till this day  were still beating a dead horse."
"Wise Words by an Man who lived over 2300 years ago"
"This is why Epicurus is one of my favorites."
"Epicurus was a genius way ahead of his time."
"I wonder what's on his mind?"
"Lizard Haircut"
"Lizard Haircut"
"So I was looking up ideas for a new haircut when..."
"Is that real?"
"Those hobbits are freaky...."
"Please  Mr. Frodo!"
"I must return to my people!"
"There's Dragons In The Kitchen"
"Dolphin Love"
"The first song that popped into my head when I saw this"
"My favourite NDT tweet of all time."
"Corgi x husky. I didn't know these existed. In love forever."
"I wonder what secrets that smile holds..."
"Mona Lisa is not impressed"
"OH SHIT. IT'S SPREADING!"
"The ideal city would be something like this."
"Instead of a knife.."
"Poor pikachu..."
"When I realize I'm on the 950th link"
"New best friends"
"Baby what are you doing?"
"Gorge Road BMX Jump Park"
"Just downloaded Photoshop..."
"How I feel on my Cake Day."
"I would marry the shit out of this woman"
"Justin beanber"
"Justin Beanber (x-post from WTF)"
"Justice"
"JUSTICE"
"He's hungry for..."
"Justice"
"World peas."
"Uncomfortablility level=99"
"This is going to be a great 14 hour flight..."
"2 hours in he started drooling."
"White people."
"Chicago Grid at Night"
"Chicago Grid at Night"
"Texting and Driving"
"Best of &quot;This is the last text I sent her&quot;"
"I don't want to be apart of this generation anymore..."
"Why Not...?"
"You want the kraken. Why not....."
"I love the random Imgur button. Here's why."
"Father of the Century"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Whatever works I guess....."
"Parenting Level: Indian"
"Parenting Level: Indian"
"Explain it!"
"Soon..."
"What the hell do you think this is!?"
"It's shit like this Ladies..."
"Baby fox"
"I'm never scared... Because I know to say the magic words... SHSHSHA!"
"When someone makes fun of me"
"Someone asked me to help pay for dinner last night."
"Mmmm  it's warm and salty too"
"Picture proves cell phone was invented in the first World War by the Germans"
"What will end racism"
"Globe Fire Pit"
"Amidoinitrite? Some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"This will make it easier."
"If you walk without rhythm  you won't attract the worm."
"Scanning Electron Microscope image... &quot;Termors&quot; worm?"
"Really? Me too!"
"I fucking love sweeping!!"
"Come back here so we can play!"
"Wolf pup"
"creepy?"
"burrito dog"
"Talk about dog food!"
"The Narrows. It is in the Texas Hill Country on the Hays/Blanco County line where a coral reef once thrived in land covered by an ocean that is now dry and frozen in time."
"What used to be a coral reef during prehistoric times now stands above the ground and serves as a swimming hole for southern Texans"
"The Narrows  Blanco County  Texas"
"Gets me every time"
"But moommmm"
"King Kong is Sending a Good Message to the Kids."
"What it's like living with a health freak roommate"
"you gotta finish your vegetables"
"You Eat Your Vegetablesssss"
"Eat Your Vegetables!"
"I like this eatery"
"Interesting..."
"This subway in Stockholm has a natural bedrock ceiling that's been painted"
"This is a subway in Stockholm"
"Sheldon loves us."
"Tallahassee Just Found Out"
"Life's little Twinkie gauge is gonna go... empty"
"Tallahasee  from Zombieland  upon hearing that hostess will be going out of buisness"
"Do you know how they call them twinkies in mexico? they call them &quot;los submarinos&quot;"
"Little red moped"
"The look on the kid's face is what makes this costume so great."
"I came here to fuck bitches"
"He ain't all talk!"
"Sup bitches!"
"Who invented weather balloons?"
"USA and their weather balloons..."
"How I felt when I learned my best friend is a Redditor."
"Missed my cake day... how I feel."
"awwww!"
"The detour"
"Not that clever."
"Twelfth plane of torment"
"I am not a clever man."
"Mr Popularity"
"Will there be telekinesis in the future? [gif] (r/futurology)"
"Those must be sharp scissors."
"Abraham Lincoln. Colorized."
"How often do Turtles eat Flowers?"
"No  you're not supposed to eat that!"
"Meowhammad Ali"
"My friend's birthday is on 9-11."
"9-11 cake. Tasteless"
"I'm looking forward to college"
"Party Hard"
"This pretty much sums up my New Years Celebration"
"What a shitty situation."
"What a shitty situation."
"James Spader."
"Again Japan...."
"Spidercan"
"Typical Day on the Internet"
"How I feel when I get on /r/Spacedicks"
"When Reddit Attacks"
"How I felt on my first day browsing Reddit."
"dont mock cats"
"This just popped up on my FB newsfeed. Here's my dad's friend not giving a fuck."
"When It's cold outside."
"hmmm  not sure guys but i feel like i'm on fire these days.."
"When I'm driving through snow  I like to picture myself doing this:"
"The unappreciated hero of Reddit"
"Catching some rays"
"What i imagine teachers think when a student interrupts them."
"When someone tries to finish my sentence"
"It's simple..we carve the batman"
"Just imagine all the tickets he got"
"In a thread someone requested a upvote gif so i made it. link to thread in comments"
"This is what it feels like to make it to the front page."
"Wait... where's my drink?"
"domino's it is then"
"Why do pizza places not have these?"
"Fish helmet (pic)"
"Fish Helmet"
"Cheating Ain't Easy."
"Cheating Level: Master."
"Cheating Like a Boss"
"How to pass a note like a boss"
"how to pass notes like a boss"
"Some people think those suggestive Evony ads went too far to get people to play  others...not so much."
"Me so Holy."
"I don't even know where to start with this. [NSFW/NSFL]"
"I used that pic to summarize /b/ on 4chan for a while. I use it to summarize /r/wtf/ now. NSFW"
"When I'm on my period"
"Every time someone complains about a repost."
"Repost (repost?)"
"How I feel when people argue about reposts"
"This was Drawn on my Dorm Room Door"
"This was Drawn on my Dorm Room Door"
"When a repost makes the front page"
"Birds are assholes."
"This is why Obama is the best president of our time"
"McKayla and Obama are not impressed."
"Unimpresidented.."
"Not even the president impresses McKayla Maroney."
"The President is copying me? That's pretty cool I guess...."
"I'm still not impressed."
"McKayla Maroney visits the White House... her picture with the President"
"McKayla Maroney and President Barack Obama are Unimpressed"
"This meme has officially gone presidential"
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are unimpressed"
"McKayla Maroney and the President are unimpressed."
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed."
"Leader of the free world? Not impressed."
"uhhhhhhh"
"President Obama is not impressed with McKayla Maroney."
"President Obama and McKayla are not impressed"
"Meets the President."
"Well played Obama... Well played..."
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed"
"Unimpressed McKayla and Obama at the White House"
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed."
"Unimpressed Obama"
"I bet nobody saw this picture this morning"
"McKayla Marony and President Obama. Not impressed."
"Apparently Obama's not impressed  either."
"The President of the U.S.A is not impressed..."
"Well thats a duck face I havent seen before"
"McKayl-obamizer"
"President Obama is Not Impressed"
"Just another reason Obama is one of the coolest presidents we've ever had."
"McKayla Maroney does the &quot;not impressed&quot; face with Obama"
"McKayla is still not impressed"
"She's not impressed..."
"The president is not impressed"
"Obama and Maroney are not easy to impress."
"Obama is not impressed."
"The mighty ducks have invaded the white house!"
"Obama Is Not Impressed"
"Obama is not impressed"
"Don't modify this image they said. Official White House photograph they said."
"Obama is not impressed (x/post from r/olympics)"
"McKayla Maroney and Obama  not impressed!"
"McKayla Maroney and President Obama."
"332 Electoral votes  Mr President  and still..."
"Not Impressed"
"McKayla Maroney and Barack Obama are not impressed."
"Barack is not impressed"
"Obama is not impressed"
"Barrack Obama is not impressed"
"POTUS not impressed."
"Why is Obama so god damn fly?"
"Gold  pure gold."
"Unimpressed"
"Illegal Face swap"
"All I noticed from this picture is McKayla Maroney is left handed."
"Not bad  right?"
"Someone's not impressed with the president..."
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney (2012 Olympic Gold Winner) are not impressed."
"Barack Obama is Not Impressed"
"Unimpressed with photoshop..."
"You can't tell me Obama ISN'T a redditor..."
"McKayla Maroney and President Obama Are Not Impressed"
"She's really milking this for all it's worth"
"Obama just won the internet"
"Here's McKayla and Obama not being too amused."
"Ok downvote it I can handle it and have enough Karma"
"Obama's reaction to 12+ million Americans still unemployed"
"I'm glad Obama is taking an explicitly pro-meme position."
"McKayla and Obama not impressed"
"Not Impressed"
"Face swap was good  but did you notice this?"
"Obama is unimpressed"
"Not Impressed Obama"
"I don't know if you guys saw this pic yet...."
"Seychelles  Africa [1800 x 1096]"
"Nicolas cage: god of thunder"
"It's time to grow up."
"You promised"
"what was that?"
"Bush Viper (WOW)"
"So I was watching the show Wilfred when suddenly..."
"The licking-badass strikes again!"
"I like hores"
"I googled neat handwriting and this came up"
"Please take one."
"Take life by the balls..."
"Googled &quot;The Perfect Redditor &quot; was not disappointed"
"The nerve ..."
"Let's get on the internet."
"Alternate beginning to The Lion King"
"Give me all your marbles!"
"Double front somersault layout with a triple twist and........."
"Close enough"
"A giant ball of NOPE"
"How I feel"
"As a black guy  this cracks me up every time"
"I love stereotypes. r/funny might be too sensitive about this."
"Humanity has lost an amazing person today. He will always be one of mankind's greatest heroes"
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin  shortly after walking on the moon"
"Neil Armstrong with tears in his eyes right after walking on the moon. RIP to a man who symbolizes the greatness of mankind."
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969 [x-post from r/historyporn]"
"My Favorite Neal Armstrong Pic. The Face You Make Immediately After Becoming the First Human to Actually Walk on the Moon."
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969 [2340x2381]"
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstong  minutes after walking on the moon. RIP. (X-Post from /r/HistoryPorn)"
"A &quot;teary-eyed&quot; Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969."
"Greetings From Germany!"
"White People Problems [FIXED]"
"I has a swim."
"Um  can i help you?"
"Bath Time"
"bath  yes sir!"
"A friend of mine posted a picture of her dog on facebook; I figured reddit would like it."
"Oh Hai"
"Bath time"
"Hey Reddit. Help me solve this riddle."
"I remember EVERYTHING"
"SQUIRREL?!?"
"How I wake up when I smell bacon"
"After Death"
"So this female boat..."
"And here we see..."
"Maritime mom"
"Meet grumpy cat"
"The picture that gave birth to this subreddit. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Sorry  I had to do it."
"so this showed up in my news feed and gave me a giggle.."
"My face when browsing /New"
"How I genuinely felt when I realized I missed my cakeday..."
"I love me some grumpy cat"
"/b/'s take on Tard."
"How I feel being that guy that rarely ever upvotes/downvotes"
"After finally downloading the reddit app after getting a new phone"
"One thing that makes Grumpy Cat happy....."
"Grumpy cat meets his maker"
"Rise  Lord Vader"
"Oh really?"
"Moscow Zoo"
"Gotta say  Shikari would do well in some costumes"
"crazy zoo"
"GIF sound mashup  am I doing this right?"
"Ped-O-Bear"
"to boldly nyan where no cat has nyaned before"
"That's some good cereal."
"He fits in your hands"
"Look at my balls"
"I bet you looked."
"Still makes me laugh everytime I see it"
"A sloth from my schools homepage"
"Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin share recipes"
"Sinatra's 3 step burger"
"Puppy love"
"Boop"
"Establishing dominance 101"
"I know where I'm sending the kids this year."
"Where the fuck do I sign up"
"Ah  my plan has come to fruition!"
"I mustache you a question"
"How I feel when I find my boyfriend's penis."
"Being new to reddit and seeing my first post get upvoted."
"Me after the women's walk run 20k."
"Patrick Star"
"/r/ass wrapped up into one .gif"
"Realizing your collage professor overheard you complaining about his lectures."
"Realizing you just created a repost."
"As a teenager and smoking  how it felt when my friend and I would hear the garage opening up..."
"That's one way of catching them all."
"Found this picture of Jamie from Mythbusters enjoy."
"On April Fool's r/soccer and r/NFL switched the team crests. Here are the best comments made that day. (shameless crosspost)"
"Cage?"
"Master combat  you will."
"I've seen this on here before but I can't stress this enough (How I feel as a conservative Christian on Reddit)"
"Incredible Photograph Captures Exact Moment of Tank Shell Hitting Against Syrian Rebels"
"Perfect"
"Pull start V.S. electric start"
"WTF just happened???"
"This Way To The Promised Land"
"Every time someone compliments me in person."
"Every time someone compliments me"
"Googled Mr. Miyagi  this was the second image result."
"Mr. Miyagi never looked so happy. RIP"
"I feel bad for laughing so much at this"
"Happened to me today:"
"Youtube on the Olympics."
"He asked for it"
"Sewing Machine"
"Bodiless statue"
"Celery - Nature's toothbrush"
"Nature's Toothbrush"
"It looks like he's enjoying that a little too much..."
"Feels So Good"
"History of Game Controllers"
"What's the difference between..."
"i guess i should feel bad for laughing"
"My christmas is ruined!"
"Shhhh..."
"Tiny Bunny is Tiny!!"
"Little baby rabbit"
"I found this cutie today in my front yard."
"What the fuck are you doiMUOH MY GOD"
"I didn't see this one coming..."
"I want these"
"Do you want this octopus to have fewer legs?"
"Close up of an ant biting flesh."
"You shall not pass!!"
"Congratulations!"
"Congratulations!"
"Congratulations!"
"Yes  how very successful... clearly."
"Grwaaaawaar!"
"Julia Roberts"
"My reaction when I got on reddit and realized that I forgot to go to my area's meet up day"
"Public transportation at its best"
"Dinosaurs do not have the moves"
"Poor t-rex doesn't have the moves."
"*Yaaawwwn.*"
"Dinosaurs just don't have the moves."
"What a shame"
"This monkey does not benefit from tickling."
"I don't let my slave eat"
"The sordid life of one cat owner"
"hey human let me have some of that"
"I'm going to jump!"
"Bender"
"Bender (xpost /r/funny)"
"Pandora Radio has come a long way..."
"Something's not right here.."
"Who else misses these guys?"
"I make gifs with old photos from the library of congress. Here's one. (link to more in comments)"
"Cannon [x-post from /r/WTF]"
"Beer pong interrupted by santa... kinda"
"That ain't no chimney "
"I didn't expect that..."
"Santa will never be the same."
"Santa was really off with his landing"
"Surprise Santa (*~*)"
"The most offensive picture on the Internet"
"Hello world."
"Baby owl"
"Little baby hamster"
"Slow-Mo cat climb"
"Graceful Leap"
"Graceful Leap [gif]"
"Graceful Leap"
"Never obsolete!"
"I sure hope he does too..."
"Happy turtle."
"I still fucking love cake!"
"Both teams were probably pretty distracted"
"Searched &quot;Dammit  Peach&quot; on Google. Was not disappointed."
"The Bus Knight"
"The Bus Knight"
"Our hero"
"The Bus Knight"
"Here's a REPOST of the top link on r funny  go f*** yourself and down vote me."
"The Bus Knight"
"Take notes people"
"Battle"
"Home Depot bathroom sign...uh no thanks  I'm a big boy"
"A MRI of an Artichoke."
"A MRI of an Artichoke."
"artist does self-portraits under influence of every drug known to man"
"Artist takes every drug known to man  draws self portraits after each use."
"This is Alex Holland  He has been proclaimed as the best free soloist (climbing with no rope) in the world."
"Alex Honnold enjoying the view"
"The most Russian name in the world!"
"There's no crying over..."
"There's no crying over..."
"Relationship problems..."
"Don't you just hate when this happens?"
"le happy man"
"How makeup works"
"Brothers"
"A Hedgehog Cuddling With a Raspberry"
"High five little buddy"
"Dragonfly High Five"
"After 20 years of marriage  this is how I handle a debate with my wife[FIXED]"
"OMG Why dog."
"Yeah right!"
"Hovercat will smite thee!"
"ADOPT Jasmine"
"At the top of the bottom half of the world."
"So I got a blowjob last night"
"One of my best gaming experiences of all time( and the best on ds )"
"Priceless."
"the desktop on my computer makes me smile every time i turn it on"
"2045"
"18 years later and I finally figured out that all I had to do was press &quot;F&quot; and I could get away"
"What newer computers are missing [FIXED]"
"After all these years of gaming  there is still nothing scarier than this..."
"Caught by a sea monster ..."
"So this came up on my news feed."
"Walkin the ol' pet rock"
"Marijuana."
"seems legit (aurora shooting suspect)"
"Aww your grandma made cook... oh..."
"MegaByte"
"USB Puppy now compatible with all systems"
"Reddit  I have a love for inbred cats. What are some things you've been judged on based by title?"
"Tree Frog enjoying a Light Snack"
"The Joker finally wins."
"Knock knock...."
"Me whenever my wife asks me to help wash her in the shower."
"What is wrong with inciting intense dislike of a religion..."
"Rowan Atkinson on Religion"
"Mr. Bean doesn't always speak  but when he does he dislikes religion."
"Wow  they really are just like us!"
"Someone had to say it (using throwaway account)"
"[Request] This  but without the text"
"The Hidden Life Within....."
"How my wallet feels when the Steam sale finally doesn't have something I want."
"To all those posting pictures of their cats holding stuffed animals..."
"The cutest of the Nazis"
"Floater (pic)"
"Glorious"
"Should have read it aloud before posting"
"I'm eight and a half inches.."
"Why I love south park"
"A hand full of bunny cuteness for you all."
"Wtf really. Parents these days are really gullible."
"Anti-Japanese demonstrations are spreading across China like wildfire. Pictured: peaceful rallies  violent rallies  Japanese cars  dealerships and stores set on fire  and moments of unexpected hilarity."
"Bear  come closer..."
"Big Head and Little Arms"
"Sigh..."
"How I feel on my last day at the job I've held for the past 6 1/2 years."
"He's vulnerable! Now is my chance"
"When you're home alone?"
"Dirty words."
"Judgement Day is here"
"Derp link corgi"
"This Corgi Link stole all of my heart pieces. &lt;3"
"The Tale of Tiny Hippo"
"My favorite comic [Fixed]"
"Toilet spiders."
"Australian toilets..."
"I hate Australian restrooms"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Guess I'll just take a pee.. NOPE.NOPE.NOPENOPE"
"This was in a restaurant!"
"Fuck that"
"No need for the toilet now"
"No need to use a toilet now (x-post from r/funny)"
"Today I did a watercolor of Heisenberg (Walter Breaking Bad)"
"I painted Walt today"
"Heisenberg in watercolor"
"MOTHER OF GOD..."
"Gary Busey Creepin'"
"All I could say was WTF."
"My new lockscreen.."
"My New Lock Screen"
"How I feel waiting in line for Hunger Games tickets."
"This is what I imagine working at sonic would be like."
"No  Steam  that is not right."
"I think I just downloaded a fair portion of the internet..."
"I think Steam just downloaded a fair portion of the internet... (x-post from /r/steam)"
"kittens"
"Kiss."
"Fuck you "
"Bath Salts  Meth  and Cocaine"
"Unexpected aww: A baby jumping spider"
"Exactly like Reddit."
"An unlikely trio I saw at our local farmers market. So full of karma."
"Unlikely trio at the local farmers market."
"Low Five"
"Dont fuck with me bitch!"
"The Mortified Punter"
"Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit."
"I missed my cakeday yesterday. This is how I feel."
"Tron girls. 'nuff said."
"Cosplay Girls Of The Day"
"This is how you do a damn practical joke."
"Oh Fuck Yes!"
"Had this for years. Still my favorite Pink Floyd poster."
"super splash mountain"
"Square and Stationary Earth - &quot;Bible Map of the World&quot;"
"The Flat Earth as Proved by the Bible"
"Uh oh..."
"i'm high on chromosomes"
"I'm going to use my cake day karma to make you all feel guilty."
"It's my cake day so i thought I'd cash in on an inappropriate picture (:"
"One of those facebook pictures that always gets me."
"Bitch  dont tell me what to do"
"The Most Frustrating Level I've Ever Played"
"This Level Ruined Gaming for Me for Years"
"remains of the first politician"
"Remains of the first politician"
"Reddit Gang Sign"
"Schools around the country are banning the 'Reddit Gang Sign'"
"Yeah there is no point in even trying"
"Just a few examples of family compositions..."
"How I feel in preparation of removing a plantar wart that has plagued me for months."
"Don't Hate Valve For Delaying Episode Three  The Answer Why is Right Here."
"BUSTED!!"
"When You See It"
"Sneaky"
"Heeeeyyy reddiiiiiit"
"Coming out of planned parenthood clean"
"How I feel the moment one person recognizes my username from a different post"
"Walking back into high school after a year of college"
"Coming out of the closet"
"The expression I get from my 12 year old brother after I told him a bunch of girls are coming over for a bridal &quot;shower&quot;"
"How I feel after submitting a successful post"
"How I felt when I graduated middle school"
"How I felt when I graduated elementary school in 1995"
"How I feel on Reddit with 11 Karma after a Month"
"The Greatest Extra Credit Question Ever"
"Fundie 'friend' posted this"
"i'm a little disturbed"
"So I googled karma whore  and well.."
"Canadian Lynx [Fixed]"
"Canadian Lynx [Fixed]"
"Parenting - You're doing it wrong."
"Leading Candidates For Best Parent Of The Year!"
"Fleshlight Anyone?"
"I just don't understand."
"Harder than splitting an atom."
"I used to play Lego  my nails hurt just by looking at this."
"This bread is fucking good! nsfw"
"Guilin Mountains  China (cross-post from /r/EarthPorn)"
"Hills of Guilin in China"
"Science ftw"
"Best pants on the Internet..."
"The trooper"
"The trooper"
"Respect your body because  it's pretty darn amazing"
"Guessed wrong"
"Astronaut Billie Joe Armsrong"
"Canberra Elite Taxis fails again"
"Being a police offficer."
"I don't think a crack whore needs a baby..."
"I'm new to this portion of reddit  so I have no idea if this is in the wrong place  but I saw this on FB and I think maybe reddit can help to get the word out. What do you guys say?"
"A great idea to help children who were wounded in the 20/7/2012 Aurora shootings."
"Don't know if this has been posted yet  so sorry if it has  but I completely agree with this!"
"This sounds like the worst fucking idea ever."
"Our time to shine Reddit! Lets get this out there"
"If you were to yell &quot;ouch!&quot;  why would you have a poker face?"
"faith in the human race restored  reddit make it happen!"
"Felt this was necessary (this being the biggest subreddit)"
"I saw this on facebook and thought it was a good idea  let's make it happen reddit!!"
"Spread the word"
"I do not know where to put this. but we must help this man!"
"She sounds like a pain in the ass."
"Kostar pengar  cast many"
"lil Bieber"
"Cakeday bitches!"
"A ghost AMA..."
"Spider-Man IS a religion"
"Gabe wouldn't even pour me 3 inches of water"
"Hogwarts Winter Talent Show"
"All those moments will be lost in time  like tears in rain."
"All those moments will be lost in time  like tears in rain. Time to die"
"Batman on a bad day"
"Even Batman doesn't want to be disturbed during football"
"Whenever a good song comes on at work."
"I thought this was a good match."
"The toilet thinker."
"Hai!"
"i have a question"
"How I felt when Tim Tebow waved to me at a game"
"W-W-WALLPAPER DUMP"
"The magic of shaving"
"And that is how you style it out after you fall..."
"What  this isn't how you complete a race? [Repost from r/funny]"
"I'd give him a gold medal."
"scared the shit out of me as a kid..."
"The most terrifying thing of MY childhood [fixed]"
"I was wondering why the guy in the bathroom yelled gooooooaaaalllll"
"Woman claims 3D Movie made her pregnant."
"Seems legit."
"Woman claims watching 3D film made her pregnant"
"Woman claims watching 3D film made her pregnant"
"Yeah sure  very lifelike....."
"Woman claims 3D porn got her pregnant"
"Delicious (I guess)"
"I laughed way harder than I should have"
"This is why Clothing in Magazines and Advertisements always looks so good."
"Well that changes everything"
"The Secret For Getting Straight A’s"
"Wololo"
"Wololo"
"If at first you don't succeed  you are adorable."
"Was waiting for the Blue Moon to rise over Las Vegas yesterday  then this happened."
"While waiting for the Blue Moon to rise over Las Vegas yesterday  this happened.[1183x783][OC]"
"Well that's a whole lotta NOPE..."
"Japanese spider crab. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE."
"TIL..."
"Stalin: The original hipster"
"Young Joseph Stalin."
"The young &amp; stylish Joseph Stalin is here to bang your girlfriend."
"Having a nice ass won't stop me from squishing you."
"I apologize in advance for breaking the internet..."
"Classic WLIIA"
"COD logic"
"Just a micro-piglet hugging a strawberry"
"Just a Micro-Piglet Hugging a Strawberry..."
"Go Jesus! Go Jesus! Go Jesus!"
"Jesus gettin it in (xpost from r/atheism)"
"Jesus the gymnast"
"Watch me resurrect these fresh beats"
"Breakdancing Jesus"
"I'm awake ALL the time and upvote EVERYTHING"
"Favourite super hero? Iron man  Captain america  spider man? Nope"
"How I felt when I realized it was my cakeday"
"Getting gifted a Steam Game today."
"Let's just hope it sticks to carrots..."
"It's so cute"
"Outdoor Pool Table"
"In elementary school  this was the shit. [Fixed] [Fixed] (for the slightly older crowd)"
"Eggs and Bacon for Pirates"
"Breakfast?"
"I want to see these assholes put some money back into the place that made them so famous"
"Still upset over his lost KGB job?"
"Ninja Cat Attack"
"Stealthy Attack"
"welcome to Canada  fucking yankee (OC)"
"welcome to Canada  fucking yankee (OC)"
"How I feel after eating Thai food before going out for a night on a town"
"Beatles from above"
"He does this every time!"
"Business pussy"
"Reddits CEO on his way to a meeting"
"Like a boss.."
"Like a Boss!"
"I've been working like a dog"
"Taxidermy + addiction"
"The world's first nuclear explosion  23ms after detonation (600 feet wide)"
"Chargee!"
"TASTY!"
"Bee handler"
"I said NO!"
"There...There..All will be fine..."
"Just another photo of a guy hugging a tiger."
"Cookie you racist"
"Hey guys  I just found some facebook gold!"
"I FINALLY found facebook gold!"
"I love this."
"Militant Atheist"
"I'm here about the manager's position"
"Some people..."
"NPH punch fixes a dim light"
"How i feel when my friend whose been a redditor for half as long as i have gets on the front page"
"I kinda agree"
"Had a dream involving pokemon"
"I just can't stop retweeting this guy"
"Oh  Helen."
"Oh Adam..."
"Patience"
"Wiping in the NFL."
"B-E-A-UTIFUL"
"Watching my parents try to use a computer"
"Seeing egregiously misused memes on facebook"
"When I realise tomorrow is Monday"
"Dad at Justin Beiber concert"
"And yet another piece of my childhood dies..."
"Fuck birthday cake... Make a bacon turtle!"
"Turtle burger"
"Turtle burger"
"Deer Pong"
"I so love dashboard cams !"
"double moose hit (xpost /r/Gifs)."
"Robert Downey Jr. and Burger King"
"Burger King saves a life"
"The optimist  the pessimist and the... oh."
"Woman has a large snatch."
"Where the hell did that go?"
"I'm pretty sure this takes the cake for worst video game box art ever. [Fixed]"
"Math teacher fail"
"Math Teacher..."
"I definitely didn't get this joke when I was a kid..."
"What men really think about"
"Gotta love them Youtube comments..."
"To all my comrades who read their spam folder:"
"Gives the term &quot;eating out&quot; a whole new meaning..."
"Sooooo... Where should we eat?? (sfw)"
"I'd have to check out the menu first  but I might eat there."
"How to get Impotent!!!!!!"
"Instagram 101 (xpost via r/instagram)"
"A Nice View of Chicago [1024x698]"
"The Chicago mission"
"A bunch of LPT"
"Wait for it..."
"Do a barrel roll! But ya know  like a really cute one"
"No time to explain! Just follow Snopp Dogg!"
"Oil on canvas - African revolutionary army."
"Gotta Win 'em All!"
"Denis Leary on racism"
"Fuck Aquaman"
"My facebook cover photo"
"The day that I lost control."
"The day I lost control..."
"Cats can be cruel creatures"
"Exercise can be painful"
"Want some jello shots but are sick of tiny cups?"
"Kitty-horn... Wtf"
"&quot;Cats love it!&quot;"
"Sometimes you don't know you need something until you see it"
"&quot;Cats love it&quot;."
"Japan  that is all [NSFW]"
"Udderly ridiculous"
"Best advert I've seen on the back of a bus for a while"
"Oh  Buzz!"
"Meet Puppy"
"meet my little bear cub...i mean puppy."
"Oh Hai  you canz votez for me plz?"
"How i feel unsubscribing from r/aww"
"When something gets downvoted in r/aww"
"If households budgeted like the GOP."
"You don't say..."
"he accidentally the whole thing"
"When I visit r/spacedicks"
"A friend of mine is running for vice president of our class. This is one of his campaign posters."
"seems legit. vote Reagan!"
"Yeah"
"The best thing about growing up with scholastic book fairs"
"Is this poorly edited photo in bad taste?"
"Guitar Hero: Lybia"
"What to look for when trying to find a shawty"
"For those who do not know how to decide if they have found a &quot;shawty&quot;"
"Can we find the origin of this picture? Even TinEye doesn't know."
"IT'S A TRA... oh"
"Sick Days"
"Harry Motherfucking Potter"
"oh no he didn't."
"Standing in the pool makes me look funny"
"Lies..."
"Google image searched &quot;Rap music&quot;; I was not dissapointed."
"Cats have pretty stripes. Checkmate atheists."
"Who has fond memories of battling it out here?"
"And then it hit me"
"Mark it ZERO!"
"lolwut."
"As a kid I hated these at lunch. Now I want them back!"
"probably a repost  if so   it's ok  this comic deserves revisiting. I laugh everytime"
"My favorite web comic strip of all time. I also think this is something that ents actually could do in real life"
"Call for a good time."
"All hail OBABO"
"Baby Pygmy Marmoset"
"Here is a baby marmoset to brighten your day"
"ermahgerd"
"This is how I feel while waiting for the first upvote on a post and finally getting one"
"The moment when you're really angry and someone makes you laugh."
"Whenever I try to look intimidating"
"The moment when you thought you shit yourself  but then realize you didn't"
"Having an awful day  then realizing it's your cakeday."
"Been having a crappy day  but then I realized that it's my cake day."
"Being a black dude at a dinner party when someone tells a super racist joke."
"My reaction whenever someone Rick Rolls me"
"This is how I feel about your reddit birthday [fixed]"
"Well  according to my time zone  it's my Reddit birthday. Here is how I predict it will go."
"What I think of Earth Day (gif)"
"How I feel being downvoted on my cake day"
"Just hanging out on my swing"
"Hey sup? Just chin'chillin'..."
"I regret nothing!"
"All My Bitches..."
"How I feel as a South African redditor"
"Whoever made this should die  even if they are black"
"Found this on my fb feed i facepalmed way to much...."
"Best comeback... Ever."
"Gabe Newell's theme song to great success. (Lyrics are a history of Valve)"
"One of my most favorite books when I was 7"
"Kids these days..."
"Baby duckface"
"Drink Beer Like A Boss"
"Amazing artwork of Helms Deep I stumbled upon"
"Amazing artwork I stumbled upon."
"There seem to be a lot of career rapists nowadays"
"Girl scouts motto....Be Prepared"
"Oh  Batman!"
"Ouch [NSFW]"
"Aw  stop it! It hurts!"
"OMG!!!!!!!!!! She can smile..........."
"Duckies!.. and Elephants.!"
"Shakespeare thy pimp."
"Cosmopolitan Magazine in blatant form"
"Women's Magazines"
"Overanalyzing: The Shame &amp; Guilt Issue"
"The true definition of 'majestic as fuck' [fixed]"
"Not your everyday street artist"
"Every time a police officer looks at my drivers license"
"I find this to bean amusing gif"
"Vintage Dorian"
"It's okay ... I bought him jeans."
"We got all the &quot;data&quot; we need."
"How to escape Reddit"
"Cat vs Slide"
"Now THIS is what a 21st century city should look like!"
"This happens to one in 5 people on the internet"
"it's a serious problem"
"Don't piss off a tuba player."
"This could only happen to Zoidberg"
"There  good as new!"
"Dating after a long term relationship."
"every &quot;good idea&quot; i though I had for a reddit post..."
"Cat on bacon your argument is invalid"
"This is my friends profile picture. This is also why I am friends with him."
"Gram-gram just asked me why I'm applying to so many schools in Colorado"
"Your mindset and elephants"
"I'm so high right now guys"
"[x post-r/soundgifs] Mitt Romney"
"[x post-r/soundgifs] Mitt Romney"
"/r/politics [removed] [x post-r/soundgifs] Mitt Romney"
"Mitt what are you doing?!"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Blood for the Blood God!"
"Free box anyone?"
"I would definitely watch this"
"Whenever my dad takes my laptop."
"When ever &quot;what is love&quot; comes on anywhere."
"Gotta dance!"
"Jim Carrey: The Origin Of The Troll Face."
"I made a tune  then I did this. Bwaaahaahaa!!! Love Gifsounds!"
"Time out. Mittens is hungry."
"Available 7 days a week for all of your special event needs"
"I finally get it."
"Banksys amazing art...full of emotion this one."
"Want a new haircut? Nope!"
"Spider Man"
"I found this on my Facebook. I love my friends sometimes."
"Oh  that's why."
"The Empire Strikes Cat (gif)"
"Sesame Street Lebowski"
"Shut the Fuck up Ernie"
"Is this accurate?!"
"Dont know if this has been posted on yet  but yet another good one from Adam Savage"
"Life lessons from Adam"
"Christina Boss Applegate"
"Always..."
"How the news in is acting towards Hurricane Sandy..."
"Basically how trying to be productive has been going during break."
"How my attempts at being productive have went this week."
"When I tried posting a late Cakeday post.."
"What it feels like to post a meme  and THEN spot your spelling mistake..."
"Helped my dad with some yardwork today."
"Like a boss."
"Teaching my turtle to bark."
"You wish you were as cool as this guy..."
"So... I'll just leave this here..."
"This was on my wall."
"Bully from my school.."
"First World Woman Problems"
"Canada First World Problem: Texting"
"My dad this morning"
"Overheard a super angry lady at cosco say this. Haha"
"Seriously  go to bed already America."
"FUS-RED-DIT"
"At the buffet."
"What is this sorcery?"
"How the hell do you work a handy cam!"
"Goooood dooogg!"
"Courage wolf in action."
"I made this 3D image today while I was bored  a jar of upvotes and downvotes!"
"try watching this without singing the &quot;Meow Mix&quot; commercial song"
"i sorwwee"
"&quot;I not know I did bad&quot;"
"Im sorry i peed on the carpet ;(((((("
"cute bunnies"
"Not an animal but still cute"
"How I feel all the time when people ask for my help with browsers."
"Tech support"
"Got this in an email from my Gran."
"Alittle Bit Of Everything"
"Painting of a creature composed of parts from various Tim Burton movies (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"Hugs"
"play any song  and watch this; you're gonna have a good time"
"He wants to thank you."
"oh  hi!"
"Jaleel Mutha eFFin White!"
"why hello there!"
"Creepy Watermelon"
"Anyone up for some watermelon?"
"She miss spelled crack."
"All my life"
"Seems legit"
"Bring back WTF to its roots? I warned you... [NSFW]"
"Not sure if repost  but someone showed me this"
"Can't unsee.."
"Scumbag Bible"
"But it's totally true guize"
"Some testicular fortitude."
"I bring you... Elephantiasis of the scrotum"
"You can help stop this madness"
"I'm Lovin' It"
"Bring in the dancing lobsters!"
"Shut Up And Take My Money!"
"This is how you dance to dubstep."
"Skweed Word flies away."
"Jenga - like a boss"
"Jenga - like a boss"
"Your move. NSFW"
"The game of seduction"
"Attempting to win an argument against your wife"
"What it's like as a male in a r/TwoXchromosomes thread"
"Karate move"
"One of those little Korean kids grew up..."
"One of those little Korean kids grew up... [Fixed.]"
"Hey Buddy "
"A GIANT hit (x-post from r/skyrim)"
"Checkmate theists"
"[NSFW] Talk about getting nailed..."
"Tyrannosaurus Cthulu"
"C-Rex"
"Evolution (x-post from /AlternativeArt)"
"Jesus on Atheism"
"Beer with Jesus (courtesy of 4chan)"
"I would pass out after Genesis"
"Pop that on the barbie  mate!"
"two girls  two cups*** cant..stop.....looking"
"Just two bunnies  chilling in cups."
"Buy One  Get One [gif]"
"I thought you guys might like this."
"Lemongrab running through time and space"
"i am pleased"
"Evolution of Batman"
"\m/"
"Now just what am I looking at."
"Whenever I see gang signs written on bathroom stalls..."
"Just turned 24  and already this is how I feel when I'm out drinking past midnight..."
"I won't be disqualified right?"
"Sexual disease warning poster from World War II."
"You can't beat the Axis if you get VD"
"Toasted."
"little and large"
"George Takei"
"A failed sneak attack"
"First attempt at this!"
"How I feel when someone says &quot;no offence but...&quot;"
"No fooling Batman"
"Scumbag protesters"
"Peace"
"How My GF Gives Head"
"Receiving a text from my ex almost a year later..."
"When you're sitting in bed and feel something tickle your leg.."
"Raunchy Bunny"
"Bunnies make the best strippers."
"What I think of whenever I hear about kids' beauty pageants"
"Bunny rabbit pole-dancing to Funkadelic"
"When ever I fap with my left hand."
"I wonder how many stars it got."
"What I feel like posting to a sub that hasn't had submission in 6 months"
"[HIFW] I post to a sub that hasn't had submission in 6 months [From /r/funny]"
"Awkward Parents"
"Wow  not once to mince words is she?"
"Cream Of Wheat"
"Lightning over the bridge"
"How does it feel?"
"When people ask me  &quot;How does it feel to be a cat?&quot;  I'm like..."
"Real talk"
"Creepy cats playing"
"CatPong"
"Ping Pong Cats"
"my wife just walked in and asked if I was ok  she heard me laughing uncontrollably at this."
"The many faces of a cat with paper glasses."
"When I found out the truth about Santa"
"One of my favorite gifs of all time"
"So  how many of you recognize this couch?"
"The most comfortable seat in MY house..."
"Surviving on photosynthesis"
"Like A Moss!"
"Pray for Them"
"Crocodile surfer"
"Its a bird! Its a plane! Its...what the flying fuck?"
"Facebook version vs Real version"
"Why I stick to Reddit"
"Where can I get me one of those?"
"Haters Gunna Hate."
"Minecraft Simple Door Question"
"Best videobomb ever."
"Lightning hits a plane at Brisbane Airport during crazy thunderstorm. (Image taken from State emergency service site)"
"Flight 666 to Hell  Now boarding through gate lounge 11"
"My buddy snapped this picture whilst working at Brisbane airport this evening."
"Severe thunderstorm at Brisbane Airport (Australia)"
"Seems like every time I party with a chimp  this shit happens"
"Not everyone speaks Spanish  Dora"
"I have no idea why this was on my hard drive."
"Why I Love Old Movies."
"BIRDS ON BIRDS ON BIRDS"
"Need some room for dem niggers"
"2 More than I could do."
"Right after you fart..."
"Oh Fox news  that's not where the states go."
"Oh Fox news  that's not where the states go."
"I never knew Alabama was there  and Arkansas...where did you go? [Repost for Non-Americans...and some Americans]"
"Superdog! (x-post r/perfecttiming)"
"Seriously...WTF?? (NSFL)"
"Solid advice from an old cigarette ad."
"No  she'll slap you silly and then sue your ass for giving her cancer."
"Aquaman so fresh"
"Can't wait for this superhero movie"
"Aquaman: No Fucks Given Edition"
"My boss has been attaching a bunch of these to the end of his emails the entire week..."
"I.. I just.. you.. nevermind"
"Damn you  Lex Luthor! [Repost from 8 months ago]"
"Octopus Island (pic)"
"unicorns are NOT gay!"
"The original brony"
"Bringing it back"
"Was searching for CreamPuff when I found this"
"....And this was on my newsfeed this morning."
"Unicorn Man"
"He's like this every day... it's so funny."
"Hey there  little guy"
"LONG-EARED HEDGEHOG!"
"A ball of spiky adorableness"
"Aww having a shit day till this little hedgehog cheered me up ^-^ (found on google)"
"Some privacy please?"
"When I get back to my own toilet after a vacation"
"Doin' nothin' at all [xpost]"
"HIFW I get the highest grade on a test"
"How I pooped back in 1996."
"The South Park cash for gold song really does go with everything"
"How I poop before a night of playing old video games"
"Elmo wears the tickle belt"
"The greatest joy in life."
"Back from vacation"
"I can't believe I never saw this before now."
"So THAT'S why we never saw his Dad. Mind = Blown."
"The Simpsons blew my mind."
"Ever wonder what a pug muzzle looks like?"
"Ever wonder what a pug muzzle looks like? (x-post from r/WTF)"
"This scared the shit out of me  Every damn time."
"One of the best console mods I have ever seen..."
"Replica R2-D2 with 8 consoles in it"
"Suggesting gay marriage in a conservative area"
"werk it"
"Unfortunate placement"
"WHAT TH..... Oh  right"
"Troy and Abed!"
"Cats &amp; Big Macs"
"So I was looking for pikachu pictures and... OH right in the childhood."
"This was just on my Facebook"
"They're learning"
"Be a bear!"
"Ninja Bear knows his shit"
"When it was my last night being a minor and wanted to do something illegal"
"I'm a 64 year old single man and I just became a homeowner today!"
"Happy Hamster"
"No words can describe..."
"My friends awsome bunny"
"Volleyball Match between US and Mexico with the border fence used as a net."
"my friend saw her while at petco"
"Dat phone"
"somebody stole my phone"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson and me with a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson and me with a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson and me."
"Redditor bribes famous astrophysicist to take three sets of photos with him  each under a different facade  all for that cosmic bang of big karma"
"My grandmother has always been known as a party animal... [7]"
"The Force is Strong with This Car"
"Collection of some cars I saw this week."
"Why hello there..."
"He likes it"
"Amazing behind the scenes photos from famous hit Movies. From Inception to Starwars! [Crosspost /movies]"
"Get Cute."
"Baby huskies eyes of innocence"
"Wtf is this [nsfl]"
"X-Post and Worth It"
"careful... careful... boop!"
"My Lazy Bulldog..."
"Really?"
"Why always Wal-Mart?"
"So I went back up for more mashed potatoes  when suddenly..."
"This made my day. For the love of music."
"You don't know man you weren't there!!"
"The things he's seen  the things he's done..."
"I'm saying put your tongue back in  Jerry."
"Oh Shit!"
"Pug life"
"I Didn't Know Skyrim Was That Old  dafuq?"
"Just once."
"Jumpin' Jello."
"Jell-O!"
"Fly away to Freedom!"
"Commence the Jiggling"
"Thats a fuzzy Ass (SFW)"
"That's one fuzzy looking ass"
"in case you don't get any tonight ..."
"The most awesome gift"
"Bacon rock"
"The weapon you wish you'll wield"
"Every time I check my news feed"
"When thirteen year olds say they love eachother on facebook"
"Epic Facepalm"
"en dominus pasta"
"Truer words..."
"How I imagine Apple's legal team"
"So i heard we're bringing WTF back to its roots."
"Eating while watching my favorite show"
"Where da milk at"
"Like a Glllllllllove"
"Upvotes for everyone"
"Epic ass  identify por favor [NSFW]"
"Indeed. (NSFW maybe?)"
"All-White Peacock"
"This is what I feel like now that I've got RES"
"How to escape the police"
"I now understand safe-house logic in GTA"
"found this online  does anyone know where it was taken?"
"fuck this... Shit..."
"What it feels like being drunk and trying to do something athletic"
"Goron Freeman"
"This show needs to come back [Fixed]"
"Hunkering down for epic blizzard beginning to pummel New York City."
"Is Lil Jon gay  dead  and married?"
"Anyone else remember Digg's front page shortly after they introduced v4?"
"you have my sword..."
"Dinner's on me!!"
"The 1.26 seconds it takes for a pulse of light to travel from the Earth to the Moon."
"A daily thing for all of us."
"Yo Mama Jokes  indexed by professional employment"
"yo mama.."
"how I feel after posting in r/malefashionadvice"
"What my Grandma said"
"Well  that's quite the unfortunate name."
"Best Use of Mac Genie Effect. EVER."
"My girlfriend just sent me this..."
"It's Goat  see!"
"Hi."
"I will destroy you"
"I WILL DESTROY YOU!"
"I will destroy you!"
"Don't fuck with Karma."
"Don't fuck with Karma."
"I WILL DESTROY YOU"
"I will destroy you!"
"How I feel getting frustrated with Super Meat Boy"
"Whenever I click a NSFW link. (SFW)"
"My Reaction upon reading the Necrophiliac AMA"
"How I felt the first time I went to r/spacedicks"
"How i feel after visiting R/horsedicks"
"Seeing a link to r/incest and investigating"
"Tortoise faceplant[FIXED]"
"What the F**k is wrong with my legs"
"Quote from bill Nye  the fucking science guy"
"It's ok..."
"Wolf Hug"
"No matter how tough they may seem  every living creature has a heart"
"Even killing machines can be cute sometimes"
"Kyle ain't messin around"
"Karate kid is the best"
"hey check out this girl  she's kinda cute... OMG"
"Tunnel Of Flowers"
"For some reason  I had a nightmare about this gif."
"A shared laugh"
"I assume this is what the Joker looks like without makeup...."
"All will become one"
"What did I even"
"Canadian infant fights Spiderman"
"A kid with real heart."
"sometimes i like to plant flowers in a red wagon..."
"Now that's something I would watch"
"Maybe Laughed A Little More Than I Should"
"I see your Paranormal Blacktivity  and raise you the sequel"
"I know that feel"
"Despite it's flaws  I still thoroughly enjoyed this game"
"I don't know why  but these go so well together."
"walk it out"
"Start wearing purple..."
"Hey Girls  there are even more options this year !"
"The sexy costume market has gone a bit too far..."
"When ever I get down voted too oblivion"
"After my post gets downvoted..."
"I'd have the same reaction..."
"Dafuq Lazy Town?"
"International Space Station [2048 × 1399]"
"International Space Station (x-post from /r/SpacePorn)"
"When I learned how to collapse threads using the [-] button."
"Did I Mention...I Like to Dance!"
"After getting my morning coffee"
"as someone who's normally too nervous to dance in social situations  this is how i feel in the privacy of my own home"
"I am FABULOUS!"
"Fabolous gangnam style"
"When your crush likes one of your photos"
"How I felt after my first successful post"
"Wu Tang Clan Venn Diagram"
"There really is an app for everything!"
"Best office farewell email ever"
"Redditor writes e-mail and sends it to himself all for the karma"
"Restaurant Etiquette"
"Oh.....so that's where gizmo came from."
"Wait for it...wait for it..."
"Totally Scare when you watch 1st time!!"
"&gt;Be a bear"
"&gt;be a bear"
"this made me laugh pretty hard"
"This made me laugh pretty hard (x-post r/pics)"
"Time to get away for awhile..."
"Kissing Booth"
"A chick embryo."
"No  *this* is a Battlestation."
"6 screens setup [XPOST from /r/battlestations]"
"Don't remember seeing this commercial"
"Happy Lincoln  Sad Lincoln"
"Meow Mix"
"High Five Mate!!"
"High Five!"
"Not a flying fuck was given"
"...That's enough trying to learn about Japan for the day"
"When I see the upvotes pouring in"
"Never been happier..."
"How i felt waking up and have two front page post"
"Is it just me or does Ethan Hawk look exactly like Freemon from HL"
"Finally got my Dota 2 key and I.."
"And...SWITCH!"
"Dem faces (X post r/faceswap)"
"Had a bit of a rowdy night last night. I dont remember much but I found this on my phone when I woke up"
"At first I thought she was getting all the attention for her collar. Then this happened."
"The story of Fort Friendship - Steam Summer Camp Day 10"
"Someone made a mistake"
"fuck."
"OH GOD"
"My face when I play a Beatles song and someone asks if I &quot;can play anything good.&quot;"
"sexy Churchill"
"I knew it Hagrid !"
"As a healer... Am I doing this right?"
"Appropriate response to emergencies (repost)"
"|o|"
"Reflections!"
"Ariel meets the creep from Who Framed Roger Rabbit."
"Don't eat me  I'm fatty!"
"Me  on the first college football gameday"
"Half-Life 3 isn't the only unannounced &quot;threequel&quot; I've been waiting 6+ years for. [FIXED]"
"Pakistan airlines ad from 1979"
"A Beer"
"Adam Savage on Spontaneous Order"
"Found this in /r/gaming. I hope such a great feel."
"And Lift-Off! [Semi-NSFW]"
"Reddit  it's my cakeday  and this is how I feel right now."
"Well  I had fun making it happen."
"WTF Discovery?"
"That belly"
"Manicorn"
"The only gif that ever made me say WTF"
"What the fuck am I looking at? (slightly nsfw)"
"Where are your happy little trees NOW?!?"
"And people ask me why I don't like dolls."
"Only in America  folks."
"'MERICA"
"Elevator Gold"
"This never get old"
"Its cool  I don't want any."
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"It makes the Manly Man  Manly."
"Sharks are the least of your worries"
"If this fad catches on... no."
"Sooo....fluffy...."
"Just having a fucking awesome time."
"Oh yes."
"blows my mind"
"Best Portal wallpaper?"
"Cyanide &amp; Happiness: Doing Scumbag Brain Right"
"Inside the mind of every redditor"
"Saw this little buddy at the aquarium. My little sister (she's 3) thought it was a moving lamp."
"Tale as old as time  song as old as rhyme..."
"When I realize I have a stalker because someone liked all the pictures of me on Facebook"
"If I ever decided to learn dance... I will use this."
"Try Graphing these moves!"
"That's just weird"
"Fuck this duck"
"Signature move of Reddit on the road."
"Friend got a speeding ticket the other day. I immediately thought about this."
"Awesome Balloon Idea."
"Pretty much sums up YouTube"
"He's the hero that the youtube comment section needs"
"Need your mail opened?"
"Frat party."
"Everybody cut loose!"
"You're not alone"
"Pretty Awesome!"
"Just a music school in China."
"I would love to live here!"
"how i felt when i got my conservative  Christian friend into Reddit"
"Use this hair loss treatment! Sure  you'll have a fuller head of hair  but it may age you about 20 years or so."
"Amazing Picture from a friend of mine..everything from firedepot to coca-cola!!"
"Budding hobby photographer  constructive criticism please!"
"I am a cat"
"Creep"
"But I'm a creep  I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here."
"these puns are still hard to swallow (repost)"
"An image of an unknown guy was added yesterday. It was like twilight zone since he looks just like me. Here's a few images to prove it. I might stage the original image to prove it better if not amused."
"When I typed &quot;Giant Piece of Salad&quot; into Google."
"Before scissors."
"It was a repost?"
"My face today when I went to Ulta for the first time in months and found out it was the last day of a 20% off sale."
"So  my friend and I took acid..."
"Winnipeg Psychics at their Finest."
"Because Fuck Nature  That's Why."
"this is  and forever will be  my favorite cat picture"
"Can you find the cat?"
"This is the cutest puppy on the planet."
"this probably isnt the best way to advertise a barbie doll"
"Barbie's all grown up"
"I can see you jumping -_-"
"I guess the stereotypes about cuisine in that part of the world are true."
"Nom nom nom...wait-what?"
"TIL Cats come from Japanese girls mouths."
"Someone played a joke on Parents magazine...."
"My brother and I spent the greatest time playing this when we were kids"
"For my cake day  I submit this comic"
"Only he can judge us."
"Only the lord Jesus can judge us."
"Oh you have a mustache on your face? Thats cool..."
"when you see it..."
"Found this penis gem on Facebook today."
"The KKK Having Fun!"
"Just another day at the county fair..."
"Saving this for a good reddit flame war"
"My thoughts when being preached to why I should go to church by my christian friends"
"Every time I toast waffles only to find out we're out of syrup..."
"Watching someone that you just ignited at low health run into the fog and they don't die."
"My reaction when I hear Snooki's baby and I have the same birthday."
"Saw this on my facebook today"
"Room with a view"
"Dream among the stars!!! [x-post from r/pics] [1600x1071]"
"Quelling a zombie invasion"
"Can't think of a clever title but this reminds me of many downvote posts."
"This is all i can think of with all these &quot;let's bring back X meme&quot;"
"At the time  this was my #1 priority in life."
"When you see it.."
"This is the Christmas Card"
"Well that escalated quickly...."
"My only friend [FIXED]"
"My friend's new profile picture on facebook."
"This is Tom. When nobody was willing to be my online friend  he was there. I am not posting this for sweet  sweet karma. I just want people to know his story."
"Dr. Doom is the purest representation of evil I know"
"&quot;With his exceptional hearing a red fox has targeted a mouse hidden under 2 feet of crusted snow &quot; writes photographer Micheal Eastman. &quot;Springing high in the air he breaks through the crusted spring snow with his nose and his body is completely vertical as he grabs the mouse under the snow.&quot;"
"I see your disgusting back-boob and raise you this..."
"As seen on Reddit. Haters gon hate."
"Highway in Norway"
"I'm drinking MD 20/20. Here's how I feel."
"When someone in the other room mentions food."
"After a bad karma day on reddit"
"When I finally find a post with active links..."
"When I saw the trailers for the new Fall sitcoms"
"Karma is a bitch"
"Dear Icebergs "
"If Justin Bieber Reincarnated as..."
"Yo Dawg..."
"Day and Night"
"The art of using shadows. Day &amp; Night  located in Kaunas  Lithuania."
"Hey mom  I'm home from school. (FIXED)"
"Are we really that stupid?"
"A little note on the gas pump...(from FB)"
"Dat look... (nsfw)"
"Carlos gettin' it at the club!"
"I guess he's a south paw."
"Redditor on vacation."
"(Fixed)"
"My family when metal music comes up on the radio."
"Frog fucking fish face"
"Pretty fly for a white guy"
"Total WTF pic"
"Barney...."
"Artificial glass shell."
"I love how he's desperately looking where it comes from"
"Look at this stupid flarehead over here"
"Mermans exist!"
"Now I really want to try that! (.gif)"
"WEEEEEE [GIF]"
"There's always that one guy"
"I need to try this"
"Bad case of Aspergers. [NSW]"
"The most awesome part of taking a bath."
"Well  shit... Now I wont have as many reasons to use this."
"Best birth scene in a movie"
"Look at this crazy motherfucker"
"Wow. I knew that Ren and Stimpy had a lot of adult jokes but this is ridiculous."
"I didn't know cartoons were so sexual"
"SAW IT  SAW IT HARD"
"the gif that best describes my sexual stamina (slightly NSFW)"
"Ink in water"
"nomnomnomnom"
"Batman is not a Bronie"
"Oh  hey batman! Wait...what? What are you doing? Batman!?"
"I believe this belongs here"
"bat man meets my little pony"
"Browsing Reddit for costume. Found Hunger Games"
"Closed"
"Tiny Pandas!"
"Just a little guy"
"Get off the table!"
"Perception [pic]"
"They never listen..."
"Growing a tree. harder than you may think"
"Elephants are such big show offs"
"I expect to see this guy in the next World Cup."
"For Doland!"
"Whenever I'm having a bad day at work  I tell myself that at it could always be much worse (NSFW)"
"And you thought you didn't like the nut shot"
"And you thought you didn't like the nut shot"
"A room full of heroes."
"How many can you name?"
"How I feel when I'm at work on the weekend ..."
"What the fuck man?"
"I have a dream"
"MLK inception"
"WHEN Martin Luther King got trolled"
"Los Angeles from the Hollywood Hills"
"What GOD wants you to do"
"Invisible motorcycle"
"Jesus take the wheel!"
"I thought this was worthy of Reddit."
"Possibly the best reply for everything submitted in r/WTF"
"When I find what I did while smashed the previous night..."
"How I feel when something I downvoted makes it to the front page"
"How I felt when I was asked to write a paragraph in cursive on the GRE  no printing allowed."
"Ballerina tree"
"gecko eye"
"A remarkable National Geographic shot of a Gecko's eye"
"Dat eye"
"Having Fun Rage"
"How do you work this thing?"
"What could be in here?"
"Bitches please... This wins by a mile."
"Your war face! Now!"
"If It Fits  I S...uh...well...hang on."
"[HIFW] I perform oral sex on a woman"
"Knock Knock"
"Knock  Knock"
"Move  bitch II"
"How I feel after asking a stupid question on Reddit.."
"True Size of Africa"
"The True Size Of Africa: A Small Contribution in the Fight Against Rampant Immappancy [x/post from r/TrueReddit]"
"How I feel every time I try to talk to a girl I like..."
"Meth Lab"
"When my second post ever made front page and every post since has tanked..."
"still my favorite fan art"
"if they were real..."
"Mohammed sees himself in the mirror..."
"Hey can I join you...guys? What's the matter??"
"Hurry!"
"I love this picture so much."
"Crunchy Nut Doritos  as packaged by Japan"
"Evidence of Nazi plot to blow kittens up with grenades"
"And not a single fuck was given."
"Cat's been canned  man."
"Trolled Muhammad South Park Style"
"WHALES ON STILTS"
"In response to those &quot;truth about pitbulls &quot; here is the truth about Chihuahuas...."
"Allison Brie and a kitten. Enough said."
"This will break reddit."
"My face when a theist friend of mine told me that &quot;Gays only choose to become homo because it's accepted in every society  and it is a direct result of people not following the perfect morals offered by Islam&quot;"
"my view on politics"
"Saying Goodbye"
"Through the fire and the flames"
"Through the Fire and Flames"
"Awesome!"
"Half-life 3 is already out  you guys"
"Half-Life 3 Confirmed"
"Bring on the pain"
"Asian kid handles it like a bauss"
"Yeah  that's totally why..."
"Like a boss!"
"How I feel on a daily basis..."
"How.. how did he get out of that room? [cosplay]"
"Diablo costume"
"Thug Life"
"Meanwhile  in America"
"Thug life."
"Basically everyone on r/AmIUgly"
"Only reason girls like a &quot;truth is&quot; status on facebook..."
"When All The Links Are Purple . . ."
"First one is gorgeous! Second one is hot! Third on is... ಠ_ಠ"
"i hope somebody knows what kind of contest this is..."
"why isnt this olympic ?"
"What the?"
"Does not compute"
"Death star was an inside job"
"Me either  Siri."
"Siri  what exactly in our history has led you to think I'm nice?"
"When you ask Siri about Steve Jobs"
"Oh Siri..."
"What are the three laws of robotics?"
"My Siri is a little bit of a slut"
"Apparently Siri isn't a Monty Python fan..."
"Thanks Siri....."
"Siri...what"
"There is no Rodman  only Zuul."
"Make the switch!"
"My buddy works at a sheet metal warehouse. This is what he's been doing with his free time."
"Somewhere in China..."
"it's a trap?"
"Go away  I'm busy."
"WTF is going on here...[NSFW]"
"Searched &quot;only in Japan&quot; and got this... Wut."
"You Shall Not Pass"
"Cocaine's a hell of a drug"
"Fuck off Google"
"ITT: Under 16 sex stories"
"Wisconsin ATM at a bar."
"Let me help you with that  buddy"
"When I'm vacuuming  and I hear something I think is important get sucked up."
"When someone changes the song."
"After 5 minutes in the microwave and my burrito is still cold"
"cooking at it's best"
"Bill Wi the science Fi"
"Gate Tower Building in Osaka"
"How I imagine it feels being an American (and monolingual) in any other part of the world."
"Raid"
"The real reason why Spiderman wasn't in the Avengers."
"If only the Green Goblin knew..."
"Keyboard Cat? That's my cousin"
"My world  my bitches!"
"How I feel about Michele Bachmann running for president  or almost anything she does actually."
"She'll be bleeding twice this month."
"Karma is a motherfucker."
"Tanning naked (SFW)"
"To all those people who haven't come out as an atheist and are trying to get some sleep because you have to get up early to listen to something you don't believe in"
"I find this .gif smashing!"
"Needs more Nigel"
"My Face Whenever I see a comment thread with a Community Gif."
"When I'm failing an exam and look to the guy next to me for &quot;Inspiration&quot; and he's looking back at me"
"Amethyst skull"
"An Amethyst crystal skull"
"Wtf Japan..."
"NSFW Collection"
"Playing with them. (NSFW)"
"And for the million dollars..."
"Hafnarfjorour. Final answer."
"my tan lines..."
"You're doing it right"
"RELEASE MY PENIS  HUMAN"
"this picture always make's me laugh(x-post)from /r/pics."
"It will be okay  cat."
"Palestinian Loss of Land  1947 - 2000"
"Studley Tool Chest  tool chest which holds some 300 tools in a space that takes up about 40 inches by 20 inches of wall space when closed."
"now THATS a toolbox."
"I forgot to take one  important decoration down from Halloween..."
"Where'd it go?—Oh...."
"Bodacious family photo (fixed)"
"A beautiful all American family."
"An unexpected turn of events... O_O"
"The Royal Hangover"
"The girls at the Grammys"
"Deep..."
"Whenever these were in my lunchbox it was a good day..."
"Just deciding to stand up for those few atheists that I know  also to yet again attempt to make some sense to believers."
"flight of an eagle owl -photographer  Mark Bridger"
"Oh wait..."
"Conception"
"Northern Lights over the Moonrise - Alaska"
"I think of this every time I'm on Facebook."
"Hold Me Back!"
"When I'm on the front page of r/gonewild"
"Beyonce Booty"
"Ain't no one."
"You don't mess with tiny hippo"
"What i tell someone when they ask me about myself"
"They're gonna cut me down to make WHATT?!"
"At first I just laughed  until I realized the reality of it all (Calvin&amp;Hobbes)"
"Anarchist Tendencies Calvin"
"The true story of Easter"
"Fucking Lag."
"What really happened."
"Jesus Christ I do hate that"
"even jesus deals with it."
"Moses is happy."
"Meet Steve! He's going to upgrade your tablets!"
"I guess I wasn't the only who dislikes 4square"
"Heart rate: Rising."
"I just assumed this guy was a secret agent."
"OMG! This branch is awesome!"
"Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!"
"Every Single Time"
"/aww didnt appreciate it..."
"/aww didnt appreciate it..."
"His only weakness!!"
"Men's shower logic"
"Can I get puppito with a side of nachos please?"
"Can I get a puppito with a side of adorable please?"
"Can I get a puppito with a side of adorable please?"
"For Saturday  I present a puppy in a tortilla"
"Puppy in a burrito."
"happy black history month!!"
"My Grandma's cat looking thoughtful."
"Anything but that!"
"seriously?"
"This is pretty fucked up...Right?"
"Wait  does this exist...?"
"A never-ending pregnancy loop."
"Perspective"
"Photobomb Level: Cat Porn"
"how to explain sex to children"
"Donald Duck's pimp hand is strong"
"How I check up girls."
"undoubtedly hypnotizing"
"When someone asks if I watch Workaholics"
"Superman + Perry"
"MFW I think of a decent comeback when I need it."
"aroundtheworld"
"Check out my new skateboard trick!"
"What i do when i get one upvote"
"Whenever I see a hot girl while I'm running."
"Doesn't matter  had sex."
"Who remembers searching for this guy as a youngster?"
"Anyone else used to think one of these would get you a free Tootsie Pop?"
"Fuck the rules  I do what I want"
"Dat Fro"
"Cat Death By Boobs"
"Look reddit  a cat!"
"Googled &quot;Cheer me up&quot;. I think it worked."
"Post cats and boobs they said  receive upvotes they said..."
"Iced Tea and Ice Cubes."
"Refreshing."
"God of Reddit"
"Orangutans"
"An easy explanation"
"HAHA FAGGOT TRUCK"
"Adventure Mormon!"
"Was told to post this here.."
"r/funny the last 3 days"
"When my friend tried to lie about sneaking another hit."
"under the tutelage of reddit  whenever a friend of mine starts showing me a video or picture  I cut them off and proudly proclaim:"
"Not sure if Fry or just REALLY drunk?¿"
"Going to hell for laughing at this. I'll bring some of you with me."
"Escape"
"How I feel about my drunken self the night before when I wake up in my own bed with my teeth brushed  my contacts out  and no hangover..."
"This needs to happen one day"
"Pretty much me when my sister is being a brat."
"The demons..."
"WAHT ARE YOU DOING"
"Cinco De Child Predator"
"Fuck Society."
"Toasty!"
"This drawing always makes me smile."
"Wedgie"
"Welcome to wonderland"
"Hot Air Balloons"
"Can somebody Nigel this one?"
"A Nigel no one but I dared to attempt."
"Whenever I see myself on a security camera"
"*creak*"
"Smashing into theaters everywhere."
"Suddenly kinda terrifying."
"what chalk looks like under a microscope. [pic]"
"How my allergies always seem to greet me."
"Big Heart"
"Romance."
"When my male roommate doesn't think I'm home  and I hear him jacking off..."
"When my male roommate doesn't know I'm home  and I hear him jacking off... [X from /r/gifs]"
"One head  two bodies"
"Did she really think that was going to work?"
"LOLz!!!"
"Can't stop laughing at this. Am I a bad person?"
"One of the great quotes from our tenure in space."
"Winning."
"Cute baby hippo"
"That's not how you draw a space shuttle..."
"Now you're swimming with Portals"
"That Makes me Moist!"
"Just made this  it's my first photoshop."
"It's my ball... mine"
"It's my ball... mine"
"Panda"
"Well then"
"Well played McFly!"
"oh god no..."
"Bad Luck Brian in the Shower"
"Bad luck Brian does it again"
"My first pair of glasses"
"After I put my glasses on in the morning."
"So  I tied my Iphone to a kite."
"Some of the best (worst?) TV captions"
"America"
"Television at it's finest"
"Mike Birbiglia  good stuff"
"My ex just changed her relationship status to in relationship"
"MFW it's my cakeday and I realize I have nothing to post"
"Was just dumped! Never get used to this feeling."
"Every time I check to see if my post has received any upvotes"
"When someone teases me for wearing glasses."
"When you miss your cake day."
"Living in Maryland and seeing all these amazing photos from around the world..."
"when i lose and argument on the internet."
"Just got banned from posting to /r/funny"
"When I realize my cake day was 13 days ago"
"When I see a question on /r/AskReddit I had meant to put on a few days earlier"
"As a european who never even got the chance of tasting a twinkie."
"Having 3 finals to go  MFW I see posts about being on winter break."
"How I feel when my posts get downvoted to oblivion."
"When The Walking Dead took a mid season break"
"Anyone still do this?"
"How I feel when I see my comment is popular and upvoted in a thread...."
"Craziness"
"THE GRANDMASTER OF ALL PLANKERS."
"Planking: Since 1958"
"Original Plankster"
"Frog Dad (x-post from r/ 4chan)"
"Photobomb level: Dog balls"
"Marijuana. Harmless?"
"The Pug Factory"
"I'm a Bartender at a BBQ restaurant. This is how I feel in preparation for tonight [Fixed] [Fixed]"
"A lion in a side car  riding on a wall. that is all"
"Tear open and take in that smell; then look at them."
"The truth about webcomics."
"comic inception"
"Does anybody have the Capability to acquire this? I will pay. .. I am serious"
"I am the only one who spent hours trying to find one of these for sale?"
"Fur sure."
"Spot the millionaire"
"Spot the millionaire [Fixed]"
"Spot the millionaire"
"This is why I don't go in the Ocean"
"Pac-man's Relationship Problems"
"Relationship problems between Mr. and Mrs. Pacman"
"During the Soviet era  children had to undergo ultraviolet treatment to make up for the lack of sunlight."
"The babes are back!"
"What every house should have (x post from funny)"
"You be the judge....."
"Hmmmmm"
"I spent 3 hours on this. I can't do it. So  your turn to suffer. Identify all of them."
"How I feel when I finally get my period"
"As an Arizonan who never has to worry about Daylight Savings Time"
"Was told to post this here."
"Sweet dreams are made of ice-cream"
"Now I want an ice-cream sandwich..."
"I'm having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich."
"Ice Cream Sandwiches"
"An elephant and a seal seem like unlikely friends."
"I don't know if you've seen this before  but it struck a chord with me. &quot;You are free.&quot;"
"How I feel about all of your Halloween costumes."
"How I feel about all the Whitney Houston status updates on Facebook. I must be a bastard."
"Me  when I learned POLITE_ALL_CAPS_GUY was andrewsmith1986 [FIXED]"
"What the U.S. uniforms should have been [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"My opinion  as not american  about the chick-fil-a"
"Whenever someone says they've beaten Super Mario 64 in record time"
"How I feel about all of the Halloween costume posts..."
"When someone tells me they ran into my Ex"
"How I feel about Twinkies as an European"
"Whenever people talk about their failed posts..."
"How I feel about Twinkies as an American"
"When you see it..."
"Close up of human eye."
"Optimus Prime VS Jesus Christ"
"And Prime for the win!"
"I love that sound that reddit makes when you upvote a link."
"I'm gonna go fap  and by the time I'm back I want this picture on the Front Page."
"Awww so cute (:"
"What the hell kind of parent MILKS their baby?!!"
"Fire Man"
"Cool picture from Burning Man"
"A Different Kind Of Hairstyle"
"A Different Kind Of Hairstyle"
"Saw this in r/WTF I thought it looked badass! (x-post r/WTF)"
"OMG  WATCH OUT!"
"Teenage Relationship Advice [PIC]"
"Where do marshmallows come from?"
"Hungry or horny???"
"I figured out the mystery."
"Usually I'm a cat person  but I can make exceptions."
"Patty cake  Patty cake  baker's man!"
"Meanwhile  in London..."
"Made me chuckle  thought you guys would like this."
"Religion is like a penis"
"Religion is like a penis..."
"RELIGION is like a PENIS..."
"Religion is like a penis..."
"religion is like a penis"
"Religion is like a penis!"
"What do you think of me and my girlfriend's gaming rigs?"
"unpleasant truths"
"How?"
"The plan for the British slave ship &quot;Brookes&quot;  featuring the locations of slaves. [1028×1280]"
"After I realize the bug in my room I'm trying to kill can fly."
"Greatest sequence in MLB history"
"I saw this on the &quot;Jesus loves you&quot; facebook page."
"Oh Ron Swanson.."
"Consume all of this at the same time."
"That's the spirit"
"Open wide!"
"Building Manhattan Bridge  1909."
"So this is the Manhattan Bridge while they were building it"
"Construction of the Manhattan Bridge"
"Manhattan Bridge 1909 Resized [1080p]"
"Only those who were kids in 1870 will remember this!"
"Ain't that the truth?"
"That ain't no lie!"
"Because Fuck you that's why."
"Where is Repost Killer Panda?"
"&quot;Move guy  I'm trying to basketball.&quot;"
"I don't know how to react."
"Finally! Facebook Gold!"
"Back in school  when I was a kid  /THIS/ was the game"
"Real Life Beavis and Butthead"
"Horrifyingly Real: Beavis &amp; Butthead"
"How to disable a woman [maybe NSFW]"
"Searched &quot;the internet is strange&quot; and I came to this."
"Exactly One year ago I posted this....I think it still holds up"
"Me and my girlfriend"
"Half of r/gaming in a nutshell"
"How to Punch and Strike Fast"
"Whale Shark  coast of Djibouti"
"this was the funniest part in Spaceballs."
"Comb the DESSERT"
"penguins adrift"
"oh hey gaiz wutcha doin"
"What a tweest!"
"Bunny baby"
"Meanwhile in Italy"
"Travel photography... you're doing it right."
"Get this gun off me!"
"He will never stop hunting you."
"Seriously  what the fuck is this meme?"
"Greatest Idea or Worst Idea?"
"So I just found this...."
"Batman not amused."
"How it feels to wake up and see your post was successful"
"da Rules -- Pls Obey"
"Just gaming"
"My reaction every time I give r/new a chance."
"Google Street View Strikes Again"
"Calvin and Hobbes?? No  I only read Dalvin and Holly."
"If Calvin and Hobbes took a different turn..."
"Vader Insures the Death Star"
"Poor Guy"
"NOPE"
"Well  that's one way to soften the blow."
"How to &quot;Frighten&quot; your spouse."
"Would love to see the outcome of this"
"I won!... Bitch!"
"Sick of gas prices?"
"[Foul] Bachelor Vision"
"College in a nutshell"
"Renaissance artists...."
"One simple detail to rule them all."
"Christians  speechless much?"
"Adam and Eve flaw"
"Looks legit..."
"MacBook.... WTF?"
"Like A Boss..."
"Someone buy that billboard! QUICKLY!!"
"Carol Never Wore Her Safety Goggles"
"Carol  the original meme"
"Don't worry Batman  we got this."
"Sad story..."
"Don't worry Batman  we got this."
"NOT. AMUSED. buncha jerks."
"Your mission   should you choose to accept it"
"haters gon' hate"
"Swag level: Divided by zero."
"How I feel watching the Hurricane close in"
"If there were one good reason to do meth...this is it"
"I guess I am going to start a meth habit if this is the case!"
"What A Bargain!"
"SivHD on League of Legends Meta"
"They start so young!"
"Essentially my philosophy on life"
"Values seem to have changed over the years"
"Whatever happened to bodacious babes?"
"KOO KOO the birdgirl."
"Restaurant in my home town sells a 1lb BLT. It is truly beautiful."
"Fuck the police"
"Loneliness"
"Goddamn Camel Spider!"
"Long live the king..."
"Long Live the King"
"Who's the bitch now huh Kitty?"
"Yeah  that's right  you're my bitch!"
"thats enough for today"
"Ok  human. You may stop now."
"It's time to stop now"
"It's time to stop now [fixed: now with juicy downvote goodness]"
"Aaaaaaaaaand we're done."
"That's not where fireworks go."
"So  my boyfriend went down on me and found..."
"Sad monkey"
"Soon..."
"Nearly Perfect Gif"
"Oh Jesus... oh jesus..."
"I want to marry that stick figure."
"I asked my gf how she made her chili so damn delicious  got this from her 2 hours later."
"I had a glorious cake day planned in which I unveil to the world my collection of celebrities' faces photoshopped into potatoes. Unfortunately  the day has snuck up at an inopportune time.Therefore I give to you now... Plan B. 365 days worth of awesome photos."
"Rhino skulls are creepy as fuck"
"The Reddit Legacy"
"Redditers in the Future"
"Connection is terrible  time to bring out the emergency back-up internet!"
"Ain't No Party Like A Time Lord Party"
"Law of the Wild."
"The difference between boys and girls"
"Squidward Wants To Be With You"
"Snoop and Clint."
"Regular like its hot..."
"Drop it like its hot"
"gangstas"
"I found this a laughed so i shared it with you guys"
"[pic] whinnie the pooh"
"The stuff i find on my facebook newsfeed o.O"
"Permission to come aboard!"
"Permission to come aboard!"
"The C Word"
"No  no it wasn't."
"cobra man don't care. cobra man doesnt give a fuck!"
"That's why she is so pissed."
"Who did it?"
"Thats where I put that  I thought I lost it..."
"Who did it?"
"How to take the last donut."
"It works"
"Word."
"This always gets me"
"Word."
"Microsoft Word just got a lot more ghetto [FIXED]"
"My favorite band broke up but Nickelback keeps making albums..."
"Hitting 50 karma after a year  then seeing 2 month redditors with thousands of karma"
"Hitting 50 karma after a year  then seeing 2 month redditors with thousands of karma (x-post funny)"
"Well  I suppose honesty is good."
"At least he's honest."
"OMG!!"
"This picture never gets old."
"I have puppies instead of childern..."
"Puppies &gt; children"
"I love this."
"Saw this on facebook  thought you guys would like it."
"Music - Now and Then"
"Cock vs. Pussy(SFW)"
"ravioli ravioli give me the formuioli"
"This was the text I sent my sister before she died in a car crash"
"I could see this kid regretting his tattoo choice in the near future..."
"Looked up camel spider on Google images and found this"
"So I was on Google Images and searched for &quot;cute spiders&quot;. I found this instead..."
"Camouflage"
"When you see it...Meow"
"Yes  there is a cat in this picture"
"Talk To The Paw!!"
"Hanging out with you is THIS awkward"
"handshake fail"
"White People."
"brothers don't shake hands...brothers gotta hug!"
"coming to an agreement"
"Hell Yeah."
"Baby Gourmet!"
"Meanwhile  in upstate New York..."
"AOL and Windows 8"
"How is he still alive. [NSFW  NSFL]"
"Dedication vs Laziness"
"Lord have mercy"
"Iridescence above a cloud."
"A Pileus Iridescent Cloud over Ethiopia"
"Germany.jpg"
"Back off! I know kung-fu!"
"That moment."
"wut?"
"Fun with the moon [by Gleuza Salomon]"
"The Biebs just has no sense of humor."
"When my shut in roommate finally goes home for the weekend"
"For those looking forward to &quot;Fap-Every-Goddamn-Day-October&quot;"
"Redditors all over tomorrow"
"I want to try this experiment!"
"Worst multiple choice"
"Worst multiple choice ever."
"Flying Alligator Attacks Baby IN 3D"
"GERONIMO!"
"I got my hair did"
"Ok Facebook  this is getting ridiculous."
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"people when i tell them i deleted my facebook"
"Best For Red Tea."
"THIS is the best Amazon review ever."
"Purple Tongue"
"My life"
"Every day's a struggle."
"Can anyone in Japan confirm if this actually happens?"
"&quot;I look good.&quot; ;)"
"Too cute to explained in simple words"
"Adorable Puppy"
"College is hard."
"My feeling inside when a girl sits next to me in class."
"When your crush tells a joke."
"&quot;Dude am I bacon&quot;"
"I am the walrus"
"Whenever I try to do something cool in front of my friends."
"Everytime I see a crappy novelty account post an irrelevant comment..."
"at least some good comes from the iPhone 5"
"finger painting"
"Ornithologists: What kind of bird is this?"
"Good parenting."
"He can dance"
"Roots. Back to them."
"looks like Dr. Heiter is working on another project"
"Doll Centipede"
"Child Arthropod"
"15 dolls put together equals a whole load of scary shit"
"How I feel about the Steam Holiday Sales"
"Best improv."
"OK  so now we're doing Whose Line? I present  Wayne."
"Rock you like a hurricane"
"Eating Wood"
"Beans"
"Beans Mother@&amp;$%er"
"Now is the winter..."
"OMG  Inspired by Jaws  OBviously!"
"AWWWWW YEEAAAHHH!"
"Awwwwwwww yeah! Wait what...?"
"This image belongs here  right?"
"Interesting."
"Handyman"
"I just don't understand 4chan"
"He's replacing his car horn..."
"Best mime ever"
"Learn to trust those mimes"
"Invisible Wall"
"Lord of the Rings: GIF Edition"
"Alternate LOTR"
"What about a catapult?"
"What about a catapult..?"
"does anyone have any spare fire??"
"NOPE NOPE NO-HNNGRLLGG"
"Hey guys  let's just cut between these two c- NOPE"
"I would run through this to get on the front page"
"Epic win"
"How I feel when I have a competition with my friends to see who can watch Two Girls One Cup to the end"
"failing at winning"
"And they say French is a complicated language..."
"Welcome to the English language"
"Welcome to the English language"
"Dat English"
"How it feels trying to post on reddit"
"What Posting A Grammatical Error On Reddit Feels Like..."
"I....I just can't do it...."
"aw"
"When my first post got downvoted..."
"Can you do it?"
"Are you serious"
"I give up."
"why so sad?"
"ZZZzzz"
"ZZZzzz"
"no more kisses.. just sleep"
"R-Money"
"R-Money"
"The Last Time"
"Arthur's Parents learned the hard way..."
"Yet another awesome pic that corrupted my childhood. You're welcome  Reddit."
"Remember the best toy of 2002 for girls?"
"&quot;Girls search for the golden snitch&quot;"
"If everyone thought like this man'"
"What did I TELL you about giving me DUCKS?! [PIC]"
"Geography 101"
"Out of all my N64 games - This one stands head and shoulders above the rest..."
"Fenton you idiot"
"Um...Jesus what are you doing?"
"This is what happens when you say Freddie Murphy is irrelevant now"
"Eddie"
"Meanwhile in Poland.."
"Dance-off"
"Girl posts a picture of her dead cat next to a vine for karma."
"There was fresh catnip at the farmer's market last week."
"Ouch"
"What is going on!?!?"
"Deep Sea Teeth Cleaning (x-post from r/funny)"
"Deep sea teeth cleaning"
"Deep sea teeth cleaning [x-post form r/funny]"
"That's unfortunate."
"Found a chicken dance gif!"
"It is not ironic?"
"Found this to be a very powerful image..."
"You'll know when you see it."
"Black physicians working on a KKK member."
"so sexy"
"Remember me"
"&lt; Flame on earth | Flame in space &gt;"
"Apple Achievement Unlocked: Too Hot for English"
"September in Colorado isn't supposed to be this hot. It was in the sun for 10 minutes and this happened."
"Look what my friend found..."
"Kitten-charming."
"Can't wait for this to hit xbla!"
"Whenever someone tries to show me love."
"I think its time we take a break"
"Ron Swanson"
"Meanwhile in England..."
"Deal with it."
"Not sure if this is a repost  but it made me laugh. So here you go."
"How my managers react when I tell them of a problem at work"
"How my managers act when I tell them of a problem"
"chill motherfucker"
"Sloths are too chill to care"
"my daily range of emotions"
"my daily range of emotions"
"When I fart in a room full of people"
"My favourite gif on the internet"
"He has his fathers eyes!"
"Stephen Colbert's senior yearbook page"
"How I dance at a college party."
"Best plane ride ever [facebook] {not mine  sorry if it's a repost}"
"Just paving this driveway...nothing to see here"
"I know what costume I'm getting my dog for Halloween"
"Stimulate your senses"
"Just a dog  doing some building work."
"It's Early Bird Special time"
"Elderly Ninja made the papers"
"Quick  everyone take a picture"
"What day is it today?!"
"I'll race you home!"
"Tortoise &amp; Hare"
"Race you home?"
"Well  she asked."
"I think one of the students took this assignment a little bit too literally."
"NO UPVOTES? Well...."
"As a Cardinals fan living in the D.C. area  this was me walking out of the bar last night."
"Is it morning already? Bobcat kitten and baby fawn cuddle together"
"Most likely a repost  but this comic always makes me laugh"
"So I logged on to Google+ today..."
"Happy Birthday Stephen Hawking you awesome Bastard!!"
"When you search for &quot;young Stephen Hawking&quot;."
"I was on the internet when..."
"NO! I'm allergic to bread!"
"best gif ever"
"So fluffy and cute."
"This made me Aww out loud"
"In honor of my cakeday I bring you this bacon lover."
"Official Reddit Chair"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Swim a mile in my stream  and then fish me."
"Catch of the day"
"High Res Image of Naboo."
"Palace over cliff. Beautiful."
"Where to begin???"
"Holy shit!"
"Now THAT'S a big dog."
"Genius!"
"If it fits  husky sits"
"natural habitat"
"I don't even know where to start asking questions about this."
"Is there someone who can explain that?"
"They told me I could be anything I wanted  so I become a man-pig [NSFW]"
"Satan's basement"
"Naked boy in what I think this is a pig slaughterhouse."
"This little piggy"
"When a GIF loops perfectly"
"When my posts get their first upvote"
"When I receive my Student Loan Refund Check and it's more than I expected."
"Yummy  Pizza [gif]"
"This Shit Has To Start."
"Banana Man..?"
"WTF did I just find?"
"Japanese people are weird"
"This guy loves bananas"
"Banana Man"
"Just bananas."
"Banana King [gif]"
"Mmm...nose bananas."
"Asia has much more interesting banana commercials than North America"
"Japanese people love bananas..."
"Bananas are amazing"
"Banana Power."
"How to impress a woman."
"This GIF will forever make me smile"
"He likes bananas. (x/post from r/gifs)"
"Japanese Banana Commercial. Whut. [.GIF]"
"hi"
"Japanese banana commercial."
"Who has fond memories of battling it out here? [Fixed]"
"Just Some Pizza."
"How I felt after moving out of my parents house"
"Nothing hits harder than life..."
"Growing up  in a nutshell..."
"Heath Ledger Skate Boarding Over Christian Bale On Set Of Dark Knight"
"My new wallpaper  I think it was badly timed"
"Heath Ledger on the set of the Dark Knight"
"Saddest high five ever..."
"Saddest high five ever... (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Saddest High Five"
"The best way to stop your child becoming an athiest !"
"How to stop your child from becoming an atheist"
"Coolest Selfie Ever? [500x332]"
"Self-Portrait - Aki Hoshide (Japan) outside of the ISS. Visible is the ISS  Sunita Williams (USA)  the Sun  the Earth  the Canadarm2 and the darkness of space. Don't forget to check out the foreground details of the spacesuit. (4288x2848) (My xp from spaceporn)."
"I see you!"
"The ultimate FB profile pic"
"How I feel about Chick Fil A's opinion on gay marriage."
"Damn scientists....."
"That feeling before unsubscribing from a sub-reddit. [Fixed]"
"fuck you all...what the hell"
"how I feel now that I'm single"
"When my post gets buried immediately"
"When I post a long  heartfelt story on /askreddit and it gets no upvotes"
"Found this over a year ago  when I was still DIGGin stuff. It's long  but I think you guys might like it."
"A thrilling story"
"Kool Aid: Origins"
"A few mind hacks for you to enjoy."
"Jared"
"TIL that Bill Gates has saved more people than this guy:"
"Small town girl has cancer  improves after bone marrow. Thank who for what  now?"
"You only live twice."
"manly man - fists"
"Ah such a man is quite bully!"
"Grandpa said this to me while working on farm."
"I think she died"
"Yeah you heard!"
"Gloves??"
"Best line from kicking and screaming"
"Excuse me sir  do your boots meet regulations?"
"overly manly man goes hunting.."
"Band-aid?"
"Probably a repost but  i give you the only overly manly man that made me laugh."
"Overly Manly Man"
"How my dad acts when he's drunk with his friends."
"Got to finally use this one today."
"Pain pills?"
"Escher's Lego"
"So That's How Those are Made"
"So...Close..."
"Just..a little... further...."
"If only he had longer arms!"
"There is something seriously wrong with me."
"When Reddit is down"
"It's no accident"
"Sex is no accident..."
"For Asgard!"
"If god did exist what would you ask?"
"What would be your question?"
"A true stroke of genius!"
"Nutella would be amazing with these!"
"Make Anything Into a Sandwich!"
"Lots of big words."
"A Solar Filament Erupting (09/17/12)"
"The Sun  that's all."
"How I feel about cake day posts the other 364 days of the year"
"How I feel browsing r/new"
"Searched wtf on google and found this o_O"
"We all want Obama and Romney to fight during the debate but tthis?"
"push up + kitty + hot chick = ?"
"Me getting on reddit after a few days without internet during the aftershock of RPG"
"whenever I walk into an arguement between two people"
"How I feel when my husband and dad are watching football"
"How everyone with a cat must feel on Reddit."
"Pooh telling it like it is"
"A friend in NJ shared this with me. I thought you all might appreciate it as well."
"How to lose your teeth"
"KILL THEM"
"I just had a kid. I thought this was a cute idea for my announcement cards"
"It's the thought that counts...."
"Get well [Dead deer]"
"My Hero"
"I think this is the right place for this."
"Children shows."
"Reaction to seeing the yankee/redsox score after 8th inning"
"When I had my first semi successful post on Reddit."
"well"
"View from the Window at Le Gras  first photo ever taken. by Nicéphore Niépce"
"Its a beautiful day outside! Here is a shot of my garden"
"High five  bro."
"best high five ever!"
"How I feel about my failed posts."
"I think I missed my cakeday so...."
"Every time I see a repost"
"Everytime I see a repost..."
"It's about time someone made this joke"
"A small gem of wisdom from an unlikely source!"
"Thought of here..."
"Me when I see someone post something that I had been thinking about posting for ages"
"Whenever a post with spelling errors makes the front page"
"When I post something and find out its a repost"
"Me after getting to front page  only to have post pulled for political humor in r/funny"
"How I feel having to study for 2 midterms this weekend while all my friends are going to Halloween parties"
"Googled &quot;Reddit in a nutshell&quot;  wasn't disappointed"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"Reddit in a nutshell [fixed]"
"Reddit's monarch"
"My dogs face after playing with this kitten [FIXED]"
"After playing with this kitten my dog looks like shes at about a [7]"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Depth perception fail"
"When I think something I post on reddit will make it to the front page but doesn't"
"Cosby"
"You can't buy this wand at Alivan's"
"What all food looks like right now [8]"
"Freedom is great"
"Military Intervention"
"'Merica"
"Probably my favourite gif of all time"
"How to make a milkshake"
"So I figured out how to mashup a GIF and youtube song....NSFW"
"(NSFW) (NSFL)"
"Never leave a man behind"
"Not sure where this goes..."
"Rock-a-bye Baby"
"Cute OVERLOAD!"
"WTF is this from?"
"What's the opposite of fat rapping?"
"the true meaning of WTF"
"Easily the weirdest GIF that I've ever seen"
"He looks like he's having a great time..."
"What the fuck did I just?....fuck"
"I don't even know what to think of this..."
"What my girlfriend think i do everytime we broke up"
"Me on halloween"
"Oh  baby. [NSFW?]"
"This is old but remains completely inexplicable. What is this?"
"A girl posted &quot;Did you know Rio is an actual place and not just a movie?!&quot; On Facebook."
"Tried Nutella for the first time at the age of 38"
"Bought a jar of Nutella for the first time ever... made a Peanut Butter and Nutella sandwich on toast."
"&quot;Some people don't want WAR to end.&quot;"
"Made the front page of r/running  r/funny  and r/adviceanimals in 3 consecutive days respectively. My reaction..."
"Me  when I learned POLITE_ALL_CAPS_GUY was andrewsmith1986"
"My reaction when I realized it was my cake day and a whole year had flown by."
"I recently started watching Doctor Who and just finished the season 3 finale"
"Where did this mindblown.gif originate from?"
"If Emotional_Teenager and POSTS_BABY_TALK both comment on a single post or thread..."
"I had an idea"
"Mind-Blown"
"When I think of the perfect comeback 30 minutes too late."
"This ump seems a bit to close to Buster Posey...."
"Phil Cuzzi and Buster Posey having a moment... (x-post from r/sports)"
"Guess which team is getting all the calls tonight."
"Umpires Need Love Too"
"And that's how babies are made."
"How I see the Duggars."
"Good ol' Canada"
"Surprise!"
"Dashing through the snow..."
"Feliz Navidead"
"New Fucking Christmas Song"
"Water Swing"
"Swingin' in the rain"
"Public graffiti and destructive doodling is one of the most costly art forms. Some people apparently think it is creative  and I can agree with that."
"Absolutely AMAZING chalk art!"
"If God DOES exist  then...."
"Getting Back To The Roots With My Favorite WTF Picture"
"WTF material  yet still amazing."
"This is absolutely beautiful."
"When does it end!?"
"Yes this is sleepy dog"
"Hi!"
"Best photobomb ever..."
"TIL cows have mad photobombing skills"
"The club can't even handle me right now"
"The club can't even handle me."
"to do list"
"Well  I've got a pretty busy week ahead of me."
"I'm definitely starting with the first one ASAP."
"defiantly to do !"
"This little guy stole my heart"
"I'll just leave this here."
"They probably don't even know (via r/funnysigns)"
"Take a closer look..."
"I could watch this all day..."
"Now I know exactly how Kelvin works."
"If only I could do this to buffer bars..."
"NO."
"How i feel right now trying to watch a video"
"Just a couple of pirates"
"One Dog = Two Pirates."
"His owner is a cruel genius."
"Dammit Bing. You had one Job."
"breaking story from Fox News - Arkansas has been renamed Missouri  and Alabama and Mississippi switched places overnight."
"Life with a dog"
"My faggot dog doing this faggot look everytime I come home"
"Still makes me giggle every time"
"My faggot dog"
"I know it's been reposted countless times  but for those that might have missed it  the one image that makes me laugh everytime I see it - &quot;Faggot dog&quot;"
"The longer I look  the funnier it gets"
"Possibly my favorite gif ever"
"Couldn't come up with a title..."
"Didn't know bamboo was so expensive..."
"Panda at the restaurant"
"When you go out for a fancy dinner and get the bill..."
"Went out for dinner last night.."
"Sometimes the Internet Concerns Me"
"O.o Woody? (sorta NSFW)"
"Pedo bear actually saves the day"
"I don't know who to support"
"He's MINE!!"
"Metal."
"Coming back home past curfew with your eyes on your parents bedroom door."
"Effective alarm clock"
"LPT: Surefire way to wake up on time."
"LPT: Surefire way to wake up on time."
"The kid on the right..."
"So much strange in one picture."
"Otter  dancing."
"Wont you take me to Funky Town !"
"How I feel about sushi night"
"99 problems and a fish ain't one"
"Nope"
"&quot;Just take the stairs to level 16&quot;"
"How I feel after my iPhone 5 pre orders."
"LCD Spartans"
"It was photoshoped."
"Redditors' Dream..."
"Hey Reddit! Check out my emotionally abusive cat..."
"A rhino's perspective"
"How I think I look as a vegetarian shopping for groceries"
"How I think I look as a vegetarian shopping for groceries"
"dam white people"
"How I Feel Whenever I Go To The Club With My White Friends"
"How I feel browsing /r/funny"
"When I'm sober in a club"
"My friend convinced me to be the designated driver at a rave"
"Anybody that is still trying no fap September"
"Just in time for Halloween!!"
"Happy October Reddit."
"This is why I use Chrome now."
"So I heard you guys like foxes..."
"I double-dog-dare you"
"It happens to the best of us..."
"Silly fox"
"Hello..."
"When you realize the post you made has spelling error in the title"
"Going to the Wild Rumpus."
"Parenting Win."
"I'm training two mounts at the same time  so they can pull my chariot."
"It's my reddit birthday so here is a pair of baby platypuses"
"Baby Sloth  as cute as you are...Baby Platypuses have you beat"
"Platypus cuteness"
"Two Baby Platypus"
"Platypi?"
"Deliberate repost for Bot flushing test"
"Eye drops"
"Eye Drops"
"Some douchebag decided to wake me up by banging on my bedroom door"
"Studying for finals"
"HIFW I see a post/comment that has more karma than I have accumulated over one year of reddit"
"How I feel at work on MY Friday"
"When I see this same .gif on three consecutive pages."
"Fuck it Anthem"
"After dying 20 times in a video game"
"How I feel sitting in my dorm at 2 in the morning bored as hell with all my friends gone on this labor day weekend"
"How I feel when I realize the date in which you became a Redditor is not your cake day."
"After loosing a shitload of Karma this week by trying to get on the front page of Reddit...."
"missed my cakeday..."
"When a post of mine I think will make front page gets 0 upvotes"
"Just a few of my favorite 'fuck you' gifs from around the web."
"Made this for a friend... Upon request I swear. [Fixed]"
"Best letter opener ever"
"Profound thoughts from America's sweetheart"
"mc gangbangers"
"This guy was told by his Homeowners Association that he couldn't fly the American flag in his yard...."
"I'm not allowed to fly the American Flag? Fine  whatever you say..."
"Somebody loves America!"
"Spacedog"
"Fuck....NOT USA !"
"Has this worked for anyone?"
"Stood on top of this all morning  nothing happened."
"Stood here for a bit. Was disappointed."
"The ultimate zombie base"
"The Most Obvious Zombie Fortress"
"Zombie fortress? I think so"
"I'm so British"
"The most British man on earth."
"That kind of British."
"Concerned Seal"
"Soon..."
"There's a what behind me?"
"Soon..."
"When I vote on comments in a thread."
"How I feel when deleting my facebook friends"
"How I feel if this post actually gets an upvote..."
"How I feel when I  as a Christian  get an &quot;upvote&quot; on a comment in /r/atheism"
"How I felt when the parents of one of my students didn't make an excuse for their child's poor choices."
"Just found out it's my Cakeday..."
"I think we should really change this"
"I added a new filter to help make Reddit more bearable for the next few days."
"Google Translate needs to fix things like this..."
"Question #2 Are you male or female? I think I got it right."
"Great! Another Fantastic interaction with Origin. Strong Work EA"
"Prepare to be mind f***ed"
"Don't play with fire"
"When I try to sneak a fart out around my girlfriend"
"Hearing about No Shave November yesterday  having already shaved that morning"
"Some Families are Weirder than Others (NSFWish)"
"I can't even comprehend how anyone would think this is a good family photo idea [yeah... probably nsfw]."
"Incestuous? I think so."
"And I thought my family photos were awkward..."
"Just found this picture online. Oh god  why?!?"
"WTF Is wrong with this family? [NSFWish]"
"mother of awkward family photos"
"Some Families are Weirder than Others"
"Oh god. Can't be unseen."
"Just your typical family photo. (NSFW)"
"WEIRDEST FAMILY PICTURE EVER!!! (Kinda NSFW?)"
"Best family photo of 2012"
"So this is what a reddit birthday feels like..."
"Today is my birthday  this is how I feel"
"18th Birthday"
"This is how I felt when yesterday no one remembered my birthday"
"How i feel trying to get karma today..."
"So I just took a picture of my cat.."
"So I just took a picture of my cat.."
"Titanic's propellers."
"DAT ASS!"
"We need to go higher"
"Your ladder keeps liftin' me higher and higher!"
"Higher and higher!"
"First time i saw this  i honestly laughed"
"A car passing through foggy Yosemite Valley"
"Chewbacca riding a giant Squirrel  fighting Nazi's"
"This was the wallpaper on my history teacher's computer..."
"Denied"
"Fuckin Gumby"
"How i felt trying to get with my friends cousin"
"Watch me make this sweet shot bro."
"Gumby:)"
"When I hear my friends having fun without me."
"The first GIF I ever saw. Still my favorite."
"He shoots and.."
"Gumby's pissed"
"Rejected."
"Sweet dreams are made of That 70's Show."
"Having fun with this today"
"Grains of sand"
"Old school burn"
"Next time I'm insulted  I'm taking a tip from the past and doing this"
"This is how they celebrate halloween in the black neiborhoods"
"In honor of international bacon day"
"Reddit  show me your best bacon masterpiece."
"Scumbag Link"
"Halloween Used to be Scary"
"Halloween costumes back in the day"
"Halloween costumes from back in the day..."
"PO - TAY -TOES!"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Like my men."
"To the Rapture Freaks. Can we please stop now?"
"How I feel about No Fap September"
"Pew pew"
"Mr Chow sends you a warm message regarding &quot;No Fap&quot; month..."
"Skeet skeet skeet skeet"
"Getting real tired of your shit  Apple."
"My buddy successfully trolled me into seeing Snooki naked."
"I once visited r/spacedicks"
"Everybody who's visiting a grocery store right now"
"WTF happened to Lisa Turtle?"
"Is haz a sexyz body"
"This is what my friend found on the side of the road.."
"I don't think he'll be getting any better..."
"Hang in there little buddy."
"Get well soon little guy"
"Get well soon"
"Get well soon"
"Get well soon- warning roadkill(SFW)"
"I really don't think they do"
"Karma machine does not approve."
"Why have just a regular cat  when you could have a uni-cat?"
"fuck you guys. fuck halloween."
"Giada Doesn't Get It"
"Dat chin"
"SON"
"425 lbs.  all chin"
"Omnomnomnomnivore"
"When I'm in the car and I see someone I know"
"Looking Up r/atheism In The South"
"I caught my 8 year old brother on 9gag"
"Nopppppppppppppppppppppppppe"
"Miyakejima island. The town where everyone wears a gas mask."
"Angry Spanish Shark Drug Dealer (Tiburon Narcos Enojado)"
"Nigel Sharkberry"
"Get out of here shark"
"lil shark is hungry"
"I Feel Cooler Already"
"Stupid fox"
"crappy hood construction"
"When you pause a Nicki Minaj video.."
"So a new cult was handing out flyers by my home"
"Found this on /r/WTF. Thought it could do better here."
"This belongs here. Some flyers from a new religious cult (x-post from r/wtf)"
"I'm sorry if this breaks Reddit. Cat and a teddy bear  cutest thing you'll ever see."
"KITTY HUGS!"
"When someone checks out my SO"
"Solo true"
"Haunted men"
"Haunted Men [Fixed]"
"Scumbag Bison"
"Outta the way son!"
"Bison can be assholes"
"And you think that cats are assholes"
"Saw this gif  heard this without the song even playing."
"Even the most fearsome creatures have a soft side."
"Like Father Like Son."
"Walking to school after a storm  I don't want to go."
"Just some dude out walking his pet..."
"Nic Cage Cat"
"Funny Asian Fish Market Photo..."
"Marijuana"
"Hidden pancake"
"I prefer this haunted house shot."
"Best haunted house photo I ever seen"
"Wait a second  that seems kinda wrong..."
"the original keyboard cat"
"I have no idea what im doing"
"Indeed"
"Sho 'nuff!"
"Who wants Ice Cream."
"DAT HO!!"
"Self-shot: Am I doing it rihgt?"
"Best Halloween Costume I've seen so far"
"In an Alternate Universe"
"The Creation of....oh my."
"Ain't no thang"
"Remarkable display of athleticism and strength!"
"Useful list"
"Words to live by..."
"when I see a new thread pop up"
"Neo wants gifs... Lots of gifs. (Matrix scene revised)"
"Warranty Void"
"Oldie but a goodie"
"Oldie but a goodie"
"I know kung fu."
"I don't know karate  But I do know crazy!"
"dance dance kitty"
"MAGICAT USED SPLASH!"
"''music''"
"aha"
"eyyy  sexy lady!"
"eyyyyy sexy lady"
"Get the London look."
"Get the London look!"
"Kate Upton - It never gets old"
"Cat with hat"
"If r/aww and r/trees had baby..."
"We just got a Portal at work that links to our west coast office via webcam"
"My friend shared this on FB  so I thought you guys might like it"
"The fucking 12 year old."
"How I browse r/trees"
"Any post mentioning that Karmanaut is bad"
"My response when someone comments on one of my posts..."
"Fire away!"
"if you look at the upvotes long enough they start shooting backwards"
"Reading r/atheism after running into a fundie"
"Browsing r/nostalgia"
"Gotcha!......Wacha!"
"Best costumes ever."
"Parenting win"
"Job hunting."
"Whenever my family tells me to just ''Go Get a Job''"
"Everytime someone tells me I need a job..."
"After 6 months of not having a job and my parents constantly pestering me  this is my response."
"Jobs!!!! [fb]"
"How to One-up a trend"
"When you see it"
"Just San Francisco Giant's pitcher Brian Wilson riding his scooter with a fanny pack and Back to the Future shoes."
"I lol'd pretty hard at this  does that make me a bad person?"
"Well  that was unexpected"
"Doomsday"
"A downvote gif for my real life cake day"
"A downvote gif for my real life cake day"
"Every time I think my post is genius..."
"I dont like to gamble... when.."
"Gambling."
"No words to describe my feelings to this"
"Wine Cellar [1187x1191]"
"Now who wouldn't want to live in a house like this?"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"hehe i get it"
"Bane makes his own damn rules"
"This is just horrible"
"Daily Life."
"This gif sums the meaning of life"
"Is this how you make a GifSound?"
"No context whatsoever..."
"this shouldnt﻿ make me laugh.. but it does"
"Listening to someone talk about religion"
"When your friend introduces you to someone for the first time  and then leaves to take a phone call..."
"DUMP YOUR CHRISTIAN BALE GIFS!"
"Coming off an awkward topic with a friend."
"Cod in a nutshell [Fixed]"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Tortoise faceplant"
"How I feel getting up early on a Monday morning"
"HIFW I wake up after a night of partying."
"Wanna know how drunk I got last night?"
"Also known as “life with Reddit”"
"Lets not lie  who else's weekend is exactly like this?"
"I'm pretty sure this is going to be true for most of us"
"Meanwhile.. In The Philippines [Fixed]"
"How i feel as a broke college student in /r/foodporn"
"When ever I hear this song"
"How could this happen to him?"
"So Happy"
"Redditors across the globe during the recent downtime."
"This made me cry."
"This broke my heart"
"Every Time I Hear That Song..."
"I immediately regretted making this one..."
"Lonely cat is lonely"
"How I know she ain't a gold digger"
"When someone asks me if I'm going to get the new iPhone [FIXED]"
"NOPE NOPE! I'm outta here!"
"Yes this is dog! I am on my way!"
"Does anyone remember playing with these?"
"My reaction when I overhear people talk about twilight.."
"Oh yeah  he's in heaven!"
"This is a baby dressed as a lobster."
"Tiny badass"
"TIL: &quot;CSI: Miami&quot; wasn't cancelled  it was moved to Japan"
"Today is Canada Day and this is how I feel as a Canadian."
"I hate to be that guy."
"Nicely done sprite backgrounds"
"gorilla wut"
"I feel like this guy way to often"
"Animals are judgemental too."
"I think I might be a fatass..."
"had a conversation about boxxy with a friend so i looked her up  google images showed this..."
"So my base got griefed recently...Who did it?"
"NASCAR would be much better if the races were more like this."
"How to make NASCAR watchable"
"Best.Job.Ever."
"I think I see the problem..."
"&quot;Best Job In The World !!!&quot;"
"Yeah  that's a person in there. [NSFWish]"
"cakeday  you know what to do"
"Not really sure how this works but... it's Stephen Colbert's Birthday."
"How I feel everyone should do cake day  because lets just get to the point. Plus its my IRL cake day too."
"This is what I'm meant to do on my cake day right?"
"Whenever I attempt a new hobby."
"Get well soon deer"
"My sister found this  I....I just don't understand"
"first post on reedit. how'd i do?"
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"Found this  very very confused"
"Wha..? I don't even.."
"Guys  I think I reached the end of the internet..."
"laughed to hard at this"
"Looking through some old photos and this gave me a laugh"
"In response to VOTE VICTOR!"
"That's enough /b/ for me today..."
"How my mind works"
"I have no words..."
"Clever Kids are Clever"
"I hate you guys"
"Spoon"
"Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit"
"Enter 3rd Player"
"Flying head kick"
"Oh hai!"
"Saw this derp today..."
"God Damn I Love Chicken"
"This was me when I saw these while young (OoT)"
"umm...wat?"
"Nothing to do here..."
"Bike Riding"
"As a female  I would like to see more of this..."
"Rick Ross wearing a Rick Ross chain wearing a Rick Ross chain"
"What I Look Like talking to hot girls."
"Magic"
"This makes me feel normal..."
"Why????"
"How I felt after fixing my car today - it's working  it's working!!"
"How I act when my boyfriend wants sex but I'm not in the mood (x-post r/awww)"
"What I imagine happens when my turtle and cat play"
"Those icy eyes..."
"Going for his first car ride"
"A painful lesson learned"
"Every time I read &quot;my cake day&quot;"
"How to prevent cheating."
"How to prevent cheating on tests"
"Talent"
"Monkey troll"
"Can't touch this"
"Expert trolling"
"Checking to see if my food has cooled down."
"Monkey FTW"
"Left my monkey and dog unattended  came back to find this"
"Black paint  white shirt."
"Fearless."
"So bold"
"I JUST found out there was a Back Alley in OoT. This was my reaction..."
"My reaction to all of these dark confession bears."
"Said no one  ever."
"How I see the British"
"great white  sunlight"
"Soon."
"Baby polar bear!"
"Tiny baby polar bear"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"A baby polar bear!"
"Some of these new Olympic events are weird.."
"I Don’t Know Whats Going On Here"
"Hello  beautiful"
"Starry Mountain [1920x1080]"
"Too Much Want"
"I have no memory of this place..."
"Waiting for the right moment."
"Save me a seat in Hell."
"How I feel when girls try to start drama"
"Chicken eating NOPE"
"When I post something I think is witty and get downvoted"
"The bottled water section at the downtown Safeway"
"Crowd Fight"
"The difference between a homeless guy and a hipster."
"The difference between a homeless and a hipster"
"true"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like identical twins..."
"Money Face Approved!"
"Driving a car  like a President"
"Handing 'em out."
"When I see a pokemon thread outside of /r/pokemon"
"I am far from sober right now  this is me..."
"Getting on Reddit after having sex with my wife"
"Um...isn't this illegal?"
"Bitches be crazy"
"saw this on r/wtf thought it was awesome"
"Freaky"
"JUST LET ME CROSS!!!!"
"JUST LET ME CROSS!!!! (Xpost from funny)"
"No idea..."
"Being a non-gamer on r/all sometimes."
"Being a non-gamer on r/all sometimes."
"Great island."
"At first glance I thought they were all swimming pools."
"Aogashima Island Japan[1536x1152]"
"My first blowjob (SFW)"
"When I'm receiving a blow job [SFW]"
"What I felt like my first time grinding"
"The next Grand Theft Auto"
"Well played  Durex..."
"The average face of women across the world."
"Female Composite Images by Race"
"What do you find attractive?"
"If cinderellas slipper fitted  why did it fall off in the first place?"
"Your face when you actually read the Bible."
"My first time reading the bible"
"[REQUEST] That gif where a guy sitting at a desk calmly throws his papers everywhere. (can't find it anywhere) Murderous Bert for your trouble."
"Did You Just Say YOLO?"
"Gave my laptop to my sister for the weekend. Forgot to delete browser history."
"Spoiler: Bert doing his best Hank"
"First time going down on a girl"
"There's always time to sneak a peek.."
"Dat ass"
"Forever alone"
"Aaaaand liftoff."
"Trying to please other people on the internet"
"Best balloon animal ever?"
"Best balloon animal ever?"
"Dino. Blew up."
"Balloonosaurus Rex"
"Nice Hat"
"I am enrolling in this program next week"
"Before / After"
"A lot has changed..."
"I was also shocked."
"When my ex asked me if it is hard being Mexican in America now a days  I only had one response...."
"Happy Cinco de Mayo!"
"Happy Cinco de Meow-O."
"Happy Cinco de Mayo Reddit!"
"¡¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo!!"
"Que?"
"What the FUCK is this!?"
"What the hell is this??"
"Nightmare fuel."
"Is this WTF worthy?"
"Who decided to make this?"
"Google'd &quot;Reddit worthy picture&quot;. I suppose Google knows best.."
"Kills me everytime"
"Makes me smile everytime"
"How Reddit feels about my cake day"
"showing up to school 30 minutes late"
"The Bill Equation"
"Jello Math"
"This got me through trig..."
"Trigonometry Says the Darndest Things"
"The Bill CosB identity."
"Happy German Beer Day Everybody!"
"Join the germans. This time we can win!"
"No matter how many Oktoberfest pictures of girls I see  this will always be my favorite."
"That one moment when you know you've lost an argument."
"Capton Falcon check up."
"When I try to give someone directions"
"Ron Swanson...."
"Ron Swanson"
"Something seems off..."
"Firework + Dog..."
"Full Metal Brushie"
"Who is the genius who made this?"
"Through Time and Space"
"Spacey Goodness"
"it speeds up the longer it goes"
"This would be a life-changing experience"
"How I feel upvoting posts of new"
":3"
"&quot;One day  Simba  the sun will set on my time here  and will rise upon you as the new king.&quot;"
"Father and cub"
"Everything the light touches  is your kingdom."
"Happy Fathers Day!"
"Real Life Lion King...?"
"One day this will all be yours."
"The real Simba and Mufasa."
"Real life Simba"
"When I show my friends something on the internet that I think is really funny and they aren't laughing"
"Baby Skunks"
"Glory days etc."
"&quot;This here's Babylegs  she runs on anteater breath.&quot;"
"I think this belongs here."
"Um... Yeah  OK  I guess so..."
"What the fuck.."
"I feel like this is necessary every time I go on 4chan"
"Safe sex."
"How it feels switching from 4Chan to Reddit..."
"Strange Google Street View Findings"
"Found on Google streetview"
"Every time I see an opening on Denver's interstate to merge"
"How I feel when I see a better computer than mine"
"I go to an engineering school with a guy:girl ratio of 4:1. This happens at least twice daily"
"Everytime I try to make conctact with a cute girl in a club."
"The very best of Nicolas Cage"
"Every time I try to flirt with a girl."
"Randomly found this on an old harddrive. [GIF]"
"Steam install"
"Iknow  I know! It's a repost! Still  it's one of the most telling images I have ever seen"
"I whip my hair back and forth.. (dealt with it)"
"Deal with it."
"Hitchcock zoom (Micaël Reynaud)"
"Wayyy cool"
"Trippy"
"Nigariel"
"Spiderman dances on beat to just about any song you play for him."
"This would be enough to scare the shit out of me."
"Interesting bathroom stall"
"Said the moon."
"Forever alone Moon"
"The moon is angry ...."
"Moon Rage"
"Faith in humanity has been restored... a little bit."
"You came to the wrong neighborhood."
"Awkward"
"Dog Training 101"
"Just show a little bit of dominance."
"Dominance"
"Dominance [X-POST /r/Funny]"
"My worst nightmare.."
"Looks like I am staying inside for rest of my life."
"We are all in trouble now. THEY CAN FLY"
"My reaction to doing better on a test than I expected"
"There's acid  and then there's this."
"Colbert On Crack"
"Sloths"
"sloths xpost from wtf"
"Nice pick up line"
"It also rhymes with willing."
"The picture that made me join reddit"
"Wish this man was around for the discovery of the higgs particle"
"junk in the trunk"
"Junk in the trunk"
"My reaction to hearing I failed a course I didn't care about"
"When people complain about relationships."
"When I saw my friend reach the front page today."
"How I felt when I heard about the NHL lockout"
"So for the first time in 5 years U of M finally Beat State."
"How I felt when I found out it was my cake day"
"Watching your cats"
"When someone tells me I posted in the wrong subreddit"
"chewy... what the hell are you doing..."
"Seen a post about WW2 art  i raise you a wookie riding a squirrel killing nazis"
"Just chewy fighting nazis on a squirrel"
"Just Chewbacca riding a giant squirrel while shooting Nazis."
"Library Cat"
"I think I'll just lie here"
"Any love for my saint bernard and kitten?"
"Nature is amazing"
"Amazing &quot;Mordor style&quot; clouds."
"Doomsday!"
"How to organize your cats!"
"My cousin has an Ikea inspired rack for her seven cats"
"For the redditor in need of space"
"I wasn't around for WTF's &quot;Roots&quot; but i think i get the idea."
"Underwater enema [Does NSFW need saying here?]"
"Let's bring WTF back to it's roots (again)[NSFW]"
"Japan makes progress with its space program![NSFW]"
"Drew Carey  The Marine."
"How Does This Happen??"
"Does anyone play an instrument?"
"No Skrillex -_-"
"So this just popped up in my news feed..."
"If Snoop Dogg wrote a children's book."
"So this popped up on the FB"
"When somebody makes a joke about Australia being upside down"
"Girlfriend brought up the idea of a strap-on."
"You will never be as bad ass as this man"
"i dont know what way its going..."
"The Fresh Prince of the Rings"
"We all knew it would happen sooner or later..."
"The longer I stare the funnier it gets."
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"Meanwhile in America....."
"A-M-E-R-I-C-A!"
"Lazy."
"AMERRRRRRRICA!"
"Awesome CV bro!"
"Dear NASA  ..."
"Dear NASA"
"Found this gem on my Facebook feed."
"Meanwhile in Ponyville...."
"Happy New Years  everyone!"
"What happens when I go to the bathroom if I forgot my phone"
"What I do when I forget my phone when I go to take a shit"
"Effective advertising..."
"WMF Boning Knife Ad [1024x682]"
"WMF Boning Knife Ad [1024x682] - x-post from r/adporn"
"Wait  why are we fighting again?"
"The most interesting muppet in the world"
"Most Interesting Cookie Monster"
"Clearly I have been using the internet wrong. (Fixed)"
"Police need a refresher course in pursuit training."
"Me playing GTA4."
"The Cast of the Original Star Wars Trilogy - 1979"
"a Dirt-bike having a wonderful time"
"So long  fuckers!"
"Fucking Mike..."
"Fuck this I'm outta here"
"I am very sex"
"Jay and Silent Bob pwn Afro Circus"
"Rob wants to give you a high five! GET READY!"
"this took far more planning than I care to admit"
"God damn I made it"
"I think we are being deceived!"
"Little Miss"
"I DO NOT NEED A MICROPHONE"
"Not sure how this happened but I like it."
"Deepest Pool"
"Superhero Identity"
"No one must ever know who I really am."
"Shitty ad placement"
"How did the editor not catch this?"
"My reaction when I finally had a comment with over 600 karma"
"What it was like finally passing my friend in karma"
"Interesting statue you got there."
"For those of us who are 6 feet tall and under 200lbs"
"Too Damn High"
"Something always seemed suspicious"
"My thoughts on TDKR"
"As someone who works in a pub with a WINDY beer garden..."
"Since the Olympics started"
"I cant be the only one"
"Idk  Jesus..."
"Are you sure Jesus?"
"Googled &quot;Dost thou even lift?&quot; and this came up.."
"Googled &quot;Dost thou even lift?&quot; and this came up.."
"Typed in &quot;do you even lift&quot; on Google Images."
"Yeah..I changed my mind"
"Someday they will learn."
"Thanks  Jesus for this food."
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food..."
"You're welcome."
"The truth"
"Thank you jesus."
"I'll go to hell for laughing at this..."
"It's all a matter of pronunciation."
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Thank you  Jesus  for this food"
"You are welcome"
"Oh racism.."
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Who you should really thank for your food."
"Thank you Jesus..."
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Jesus delivers"
"De nada."
"Uneven distribution of Miracles !"
"Cat(s)"
"Hypno-Cakeday Cat demands your upvotes."
"Just another Dawkins quote; they never disappoint"
"Evil duck"
"What's are you thinking about little duck ?"
"Lifehacks: Shoe edition"
"Any other cool ways to tie shoelaces?"
"GET THAT BITCH SOME LEAVES"
"How I see most &quot;trolls&quot; on the Internet."
"no matter where i am  whenever i hear it."
"what is love [first]"
"Turtle nom"
"Like a Boss - level 10"
"How I feel as a new redditor and only getting 15-20 Karma."
"I'm sorry but it had to be done."
"Quench your thirst"
"At least the Mayans were right about something."
"Lil Wayne in all his glory! Sorry if repost  first time I have seen it."
"Russian politician by day  rock star by night!"
"MegaPutin"
"The Poodle Moth. A moth that looks like a poodle! A new insect hybrid creature found in Venezuela."
"Scumbag Steve as a Kid?"
"When someone tells me to stop laughing at my own jokes"
"Ghost Rider"
"Toy cars"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Is that a Star Trek Shirt?"
"Some photos just don't need any explanation  just simply WTF."
"Pimpin ain't easy"
"Walking the freak"
"Seeing The Person Who Knifed You In Battlefield 3."
"Driving in LA"
"My response to all the people in every ignorant FB post ive seen today."
"How I feel working this supposed 3 day weekend"
"Recently Went Through A Bad Breakup.Why Not Zoidberg?"
"Saturday mornings are the best"
"Tired Sloth"
"Time for bed baby sloth"
"A sloth being way too cute."
"Not enough sloths  you say?"
"Being a meanie is tiring stuff"
"Thirsty Cat"
"The Power of Books"
"Those lousy stickers didn't even work."
"click me"
"Lick-n-stick tattoos"
"The best of r/badtaxidermy!"
"Googled bad taxidermy to cheer myself up..."
"If you last no fap September  this will be November 1st"
"Redditor's on October 1st"
"popped up un my facebook. thought you guys would enjoy"
"Iced Tea"
"A nice refreshing cup of..."
"Iced Tea"
"Oh  snap. BURN!"
"Lightstorm"
"Chile's volcano  Puyehue  eruption"
"Epic down-vote beard"
"Kingdom Hearts 3"
"How i feel about disney."
"Morgan Freeman - titty sprinkles"
"One of my favorite pictures."
"I go to find him..."
"Run Adam West! Run!"
"Just saw The Dark Knight Rises. Was I the only one who thought this? [NOT SPOILER]"
"TDKR ending stolen!"
"The one we deserve."
"This how I feel on every college paper [gif]"
"To celebrate 2012 I made a comprehensive list of everything humanity should be proud of for the year 2011 [fixed]"
"My celebration dance"
"Victory dance"
"Korean pop is weird."
"Meanwhile  in Korea..."
"riding the elevator gangnam style"
"after the Gangnam style hype I decided to make a Gif of my favourite part..."
"Just wanted to get in on the fun!"
"Just discovered Gangnam Style....my favorite part all gifed up."
"Reddit Upvote Style"
"Upvote Style"
"Pretty much every freshman on campus before classes start."
"Had to make gangman-humps"
"I discovered America!"
"Repost  lol"
"If only pokemon were real."
"When you see it..."
"HOLY MOTHERFUCKING SHIT!!!!"
"Lion sisters and baby lion .."
"What a family!"
"Too late now  NASA is on its tail."
"Meanwhile  in the Solar System..."
"Run  Mars!"
"Run Mars... Run!!!"
"It's Contagious!"
"Disney has already made its mark on Star Wars."
"Generally  I dislike frivolous lawsuits. But I'd back Mr. T on this one."
"How I felt when visiting 9gag for the first time."
"Joined the one year club... and missed my cake day."
"Alfred Hitchcock for photographer Jean-Loup Sieff [1962]"
"Hitchcock on the set of Psycho"
"Everyday on /r/amiugly"
"Not sure if repost"
"not sure if repost..."
"6 more weeks of winter"
"every morning"
"Disregard females  acquire calculus"
"Kissing level: Asian [FIXED]"
"North vs. South Korea"
"North vs. South Korea"
"North vs. South Korea"
"Learn the difference!"
"Know the difference [Fixed]"
"how to properly throw your girlfriend into the pool"
"OCD otter"
"Un-stackable cups"
"Otter"
"Wikipedia  secretly evil."
"What are you suggesting  Wikipedia?"
"He's a good drummer"
"Relevant User Name"
"Holey fucking mary joseph and a sonofabitch! Where in the fucking fuck did this cows fucking face go!!!??"
"I have no idea what happened to this cow."
"benny ball"
"This was one of the results on google images for the search &quot;wtf&quot;"
"Rape Happens. (SFW)"
"I'm seeing too many non-WTF posts. Let's bring this subreddit back to its roots again."
"Would've been an even better WTF if..."
"Searched &quot;WTF is that&quot; on Google and got this.. It's.. Interesting."
"I Don't Even.....NSFW"
"What the fuck is that."
"Cleaning out old WTF pictures  found this beauty."
"Nothing on /r/WTF has been very wtf worthy"
"This is what I picture in my mind every time I see the letters WTF"
"Since there's been complaints about WTF not living up to the name  is this WTF worthy?"
"She wants your D bro!"
"I don't even..."
"What the fuck?"
"3 Italians  a whore  and WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?!? Possibly NSFW"
"SHE DID THE MASH"
"Uh  are you sure this is a good idea?"
"Heey!! Floor it  will ya??"
"WAT? - Imgur"
"Well  this sums up 9gag."
"How I imagine some of reddit"
"The front page today"
"How I imagine 9gaggers"
"He just looks so damned happy."
"He just looks so damned happy."
"How I felt after getting orders out of a shitty base and into a nice one."
"Firefighting"
"how i feel when i downvote something on the front page [FIXED]"
"How I feel downvoting something on the front page."
"How I Feel Downvoting RPG posts"
"How I feel downvoting something on the front page."
"trying to stop an argument on youtube"
"Hilarious Update on Snooki's Pregnancy!"
"When I see redditors eagerly pointing out a repost."
"With the recent influx of &quot;this guy reposted my content&quot;"
"My reaction to this debacle between karmanaut and SW."
"There was a Delorean with the license plate MCFLYon the front page of pics yesterday in case you haven't heard."
"My reaction when i found out on the news that Drake and Chris Brown got into a fight."
"How I feel as a straight person who supports gays on gay pride posts..."
"&quot;How I felt when I got my first upvote/downvote&quot;"
"Paris Hilton talks shit on homosexuals. In other news..."
"its like subliminal messages"
"Regular Show with Snoop Dogg"
"Like a baws"
"This will be attempted next time I go to the Gym."
"Father-son bonding"
"Best dog Halloween costume ever."
"First Cake Day  exactly how I feel right now"
"Me to my friends: &quot;Yeah I can't stand that Taylor Swift 'Never Getting Back Together' song either&quot; As soon as they leave..."
"Wat? ._."
"How I take advantage of Steam sales"
"Steam sale ends soon"
"The conch has spoken!"
"Me when my girlfriend asks me to read over her essays on Ancient Greek sophists and intertextuality."
"Whenever my friends talk about cars"
"When I watch TED Talks about physics"
"How I felt listening to my spanish speaking friend talk to her family in Spanish"
"slight misuse of force push"
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"The Force  as applied to a running dog."
"Genes."
"Genetics"
"This is how genetics work [PIC]"
"Boat!!!"
"Go kayaking they said. It'll be fun they said."
"As a sailor/kayaker  this is my biggest fear."
"WTF would you do?"
"Paradise"
"Rainbow wave"
"Ladies and Gentlemen or Reddit  may I present to you the work of Clark Little"
"this is why i never go to walmart"
"How to confuse a dog: Part 1"
"Getting Ready to Reddit. Better Do Some Warm-Ups."
"I agree with what /r/atheism says. But seeing it flood the front page looks like this."
"I decided to browse /new and this is how I feel about literally every post."
"The most ironic meme on the internet."
"Every time Reddit discovers a new meme."
"Beating a dead horse"
"How I feel about all the Chris Brown jokes on Reddit:"
"Trying to get my SO off the pc to have sex"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"How I feel about all the iOS Maps comments/stories"
"It's cool dad  I got this"
"Altair's Descendant (From gifs)"
"This makes me So Happy."
"if I could have any super power..."
"What's going on there?"
"A drawing of 2Pac and Biggie Smalls pouring a 40oz of Colt 45 over Atticus Finch's chest."
"A boiling cauldron of American culture."
"I was looking at facebook when..."
"Santa  No!"
"Every time I scroll through my Facebook Newsfeed..."
"Today Is My (Real) Birthday. Here's How I Feel When I See the People Wishing Me A Happy Birthday On My Facebook Wall."
"Every time I change my facebook relationship status to single."
"My reaction to this shitty_watercolour + karmanaut debacle"
"When I scroll through the recovered accounts on my xbox."
"What it felt like going through my Facebook friends and deleting 300+ people..."
"A happy manatee baby with its parent"
"There is simply not enough manatees in r/aww"
"Mother hen"
"But...that was my place"
"Now this is a show idea  from this week's postsecret"
"All religious bigotry aside  this is the best argument I've heard for the legalization of Gay Marriage (Found on PostSecret.com)"
"The strongest argument for gay marriage."
"My friend won a local pumpkin carving contest- waddya think reddit?"
"TAKE MY CANDY!!"
"My Friend won a local pumpkin carving contest- waddya think reddit? (the original post was stolen and reposted  and it made the front page. Mine got 10  so i'm giving it another shot here)"
"My friend won a local pumpkin carving contest- waddya think reddit? (I'm reposting my own OC as an experiment- It was recently stolen and reposted by GrumblyWhale 6 hours after i posted it.)"
"I am Darth Vader  deal with it."
"Darth Vader secretly listens to ABBA"
"right in the childhood"
"Not even one."
"And on that day in England  no f*cks were given"
"No f*cks were given"
"After browsing /r/new for 30 minutes"
"I think he is in here"
"Consuela"
"&quot;Yes hi  I'm here to see Mr Slenderman&quot;"
"I'm Terrified"
"How I feel on reddit when drunk..."
"Joy"
"How I feel as a European reading all the struggle with riding a stick"
"When i try out the pickup lines i read on reddit..."
"Still my favorite gif of all time"
"Searched my username...Not sure what to think"
"Cats need to know the weather too!"
"When I realize I made a grammatical error in a post."
"My reaction when my sister said &quot;You wish you had my swag&quot;"
"Some shit is about to go down"
"A battle is about to begin.."
"Knuckle up!"
"TopGear"
"So I hear Reddit likes bacon. Can Redditor families expect this for Thanksgiving?"
"Looks soooooo good"
"I know I'm not the only one."
"Seriously  why does everyone complain about this?"
"I like to smoke trees [6]"
"poor squirrels..."
"I mean really  they're not even that cool."
"r/Atheism... Why?"
"Really r/atheism REALLY?"
"How are there so many spiders in your coffee cups?!"
"How I feel as a cat trying to have a good time."
"Browsing r/atheism for the last few weeks..."
"Reddit lately...."
"Seriously  I don't want to see your child."
"Cute pets in sinks? Really?"
"Whenever I hear someone complain about hearing another language at my University."
"In regards to r/gonewild recently."
":D"
"Duck Swim"
"How I pick up girls at the club!"
"This isn't my sandwich!"
"just a tap"
"How I feel as a Forever Alone"
"May I haz a petting please?"
"when your friends are dicks"
"Video Games as Movies…"
"When I win an argument"
"Shake it"
"went on holidays and missed compulsory drug test at work"
"Cut a rug... FOR THE NEXT 10 HOURS!"
"Who knows him?"
"I FOUND HIM!"
"/r/gaming didn't like me making fun of Call of Duty"
"oh  we have a rowdy Canadian on our hands..."
"An album of clumsy informercial people"
"Cat in a box"
"Cat in a box"
"&quot;Here.&quot; -Joel McHale"
"Over the past year the books and this community have been a huge part of my life  so in honor of my name day  here is what is still my favorite GoT wallpaper"
"I wonder what the weather will be like..."
"How I feel when I'm drunk trying to take off my pants"
"7 Best GIFS ever"
"Quite a neckbeard"
"How to stop a robbery"
"Being a newly converted PC gamer  this is what the Steam Summer Sale makes me feel"
"the song that just finished downloading starts playing in the background of the song i'm watching on youtube  and they sound amazing together"
"When I make to FrontPage"
"My face watching most movie trailers 3 months before the Oscars."
"&quot;If you believe in evolution  then you can't be in favour of homosexuality  or the ducks will get you in the end&quot;"
"The perils of homeschooling: &quot;If you believe in evolution  you can't be in favour of homosexuality  or the ducks will get you in the end&quot;"
"Jasmin doesn't want ducks to take over the world"
"Less-reliable predictions department: Ducks could take over the world!"
"I never thought that phrase could be taken literally."
"Just a couch. With a little bit of Nicholas Cage."
"Daisy begs for it."
"Browsing /r/ new"
"Everytime someone quote the Motto...."
"Fucking Tumblr..."
"Reddit this past month"
"It was at the mall when I heard it..."
"After a year of Reddit  that is how I see everyone in here."
"Pig Poops on Balls."
"When you gotta go  you gotta go..."
"Soon  we will be ready to start our invasion against the dogs"
"I always knew they were planning something"
"Red"
"Green"
"Super Cat!"
"Nailed It."
"I'm not sure this would be allowed in The Ryder Cup"
"DAMN IT"
"Nothing to do here."
"The Reddit Invasion"
"A Reddit Infograph"
"Pixar: Close Enough"
"I already know what this years Halloween costume will be."
"What 90's Kids Eventually Realize"
"Things I didn't realize in the 90's"
"How I Felt At Graduation"
"Whenever I see the tell-tale signs of an SA-induced forever alone thread beginning."
"Get up there!"
"The Myth of Sisyphus' Cat"
"I did a Google image search for &quot;how do I escape Reddit.&quot;"
"this is a great idea"
"Eternal Running"
"infinite slide"
"The pursuit of reddit karma  as best summed up in a single GIF"
"The best battle station I have seen on 4Chan."
"Dandy"
"Still my favorite photo!"
"Aligned dandelion"
"Overly Attached Boyfriend"
"i got a great idea you get naked and i'll set you on fire"
"Douchbags  meet your god."
"Assclowns  meet your new god."
"When I order from a french restaurants menu."
"So I just started my college application process today."
"How I feel during a Fantasy Football draft"
"How I feel after making my first fantasy football team"
"Where do astronauts hang out? [FB]"
"To sell propane  you must become propane..."
"I'll tell ya what"
"Easily the best book series of my childhood (animorphs)"
"To sell propane  you must become propane."
"Well  when you mess with the bull..."
"I'm easily entertained"
"Gotham Style"
"Best advice you'll ever get."
"This smug bastard."
"Fat pussy"
"This cat is the best around (EMI Sucks)"
"This kitty's in love"
"I present to you my cutest .GIF"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Too many feels"
"MFW hot girlfriend says no sex until marriage"
"When you get the feels..."
"Walking into McDonalds with a 5 dollar bill."
"How I felt when an all-out classroom war between atheists and christians started"
"That feel when you trap a treasure goblin in a corner..."
"finally got 2 link karma"
"Making Play-Doh Snakes When I Was Younger"
"What it feels like walking into a 99 cent market with $20 on you"
"He does seem intent on doing just that."
"When I recall to base with 3k gold."
"Hawkolas Cage"
"The mother of all slaps"
"When crush asked me for dating advice"
"At a [6] when the cops rolled up on my hotboxed car last night"
"When ever I eat a Reese's."
"I laughed way to hard at this."
"Push me faster  I want to do a flip."
"Grand Theft Toboggan"
"Grand theft sled"
"AAAANNNNNNNNDDDDDD KO!!!"
"Showing off gets you no where...."
"Nice work Luke. [Repost]"
"Good on you  Nordstrom"
"Good on you  Nordstrom."
"Seal"
"I heard you liked Seal..."
"Seals are trending I see.."
"Seal? Is that you?"
"Seal"
"Seal."
"Did you know the key to a successful submission is interesting content and a descriptive title?"
"Seal as a seal"
"Resuscitating a drowned cat according to a vet book."
"Resuscitating a drowned cat (GIF)"
"How to save a cat from drowning."
"http://gifsound.com/?gif=http://i.imgur.com/wa8zq.gif&amp;sound=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-N1yJyrQRY&amp;start=0"
"Resuscitating a drowned cat."
"Bush's Cabinets"
"Fighting my older brother"
"Young girl at a club bouncing huge tits in a small tight shirt"
"It's my cake day; here's some jugs. NSFW"
"The only people I know that truly love each other [FIXED]"
"Love  Kanye."
"To Kanye...."
"Kanye you got a present."
"Where You Going My Babies"
"Come back soon and be safe  my babies."
"He's in his prime"
"Naw man  I don't need a spotter."
"Any love for an adorable FISH? Dog-faced pufferfish!"
"There is a lack of fish in r/aww"
"Incredibly bizarre animated gif"
"There's nothing you really can say about this"
"Obesity has really gotten to this kid's head"
"Interesting..."
"My Favourite Faceswap"
"the best face swap of all time"
"Face swa..."
"My new favorite Face Swap!"
"The eighth result for &quot;happy reddit face&quot; on Google Images..."
"my favorite face swap"
"My first try at face swapping.."
"Belly swap"
"Why? [FIXED]"
"Look at those pointy boobs"
"River Monster"
"The miracle of birth"
"That moment when you know there is no hope..."
"Roller-coaster Puke"
"fully automatic bacon"
"Guns + Bacon = 'Merica"
"The biggest problem at McDonald's drive-through."
"How I feel when the top comment is what I was going to say."
"Can someone give me the original video for this gif?"
"Giggle at the newbies."
"How I picture Xbox live trashtalkers."
"I'm so fresh"
"Does this need a title?"
"cake day celebration"
"All aboard the latest bandwagon!"
"Unfortunate truth"
"His face is priceless"
"Yes that's how it usually happens"
"Man Killed to Death"
"The worst way to go"
"Bubble burst"
"Popping of a bubble caught on camera (amazing)."
"Dust storm in Phoenix  AZ. June 2011."
"How I feel when I fell asleep on my flight before take off  and woke up at cruising altitude."
"When I play an online game  and a young kid lectures me on how he will kill my family after I tell him he sucks."
"Incredible lightning looks like bacon"
"Don't worry they put plastic down"
"It's all white and gooey!"
"[NSFW] A gift to those seeking &quot;WTF&quot; in /r/WTF."
"All I Could Think of While Watching The Asylum of the Daleks... Meanwhile on Classic Who"
"Imagine the ratings"
"What a crazy movie"
"Quite a Film"
"Bitches gotta love Nemo"
"I'm sure hardly any of you realized this until now"
"The best day in school..."
"Kitten in a shopping basket"
"Yes  can I get a price check on this?"
"Wilt  Andre and Arnold."
"Wilt  Arnold and Andre"
"Arnold being carried by Wilt the Stilt and Andre the Giant while shooting Conan"
"Come on doctor help me quick"
"Density of different liquids"
"A Simple Picture of the densities of Liquids(And some solids)"
"Whenever I wake up late for work"
"Ghetto: Activated"
"Didn't get booze for xmas before the stores closed today..."
"How I feel whenever I submit a imgur link and realize it wasn't a direct link."
"My friends all decided to study abroad this semester. I chose to stay on campus."
"Just finished watching Game Change. This can apparently sum up the entire McCain staff"
"Every time I solo queue on any RTS MOBA game."
"I don't do well under pressure.."
"How the majority of Reddit reacts when you go against the popular opinion."
"Story of my life"
"Thoughtful..."
"How Adam Sandler punishes his kids"
"Puppy"
"Look at this fucking dog!"
"you melt  you lose..."
"The cutest gif EVER!"
"The cutest puppy I have ever seen."
"Aww now comes in gif form"
"I'ma grab your hand .3."
"WTF are you looking at?!"
"Can I help you?"
"What is the best way to milk a sheep?"
"The best way to milk a sheep"
"Must... resist... responding..."
"forreal doe."
"A friend tried to tell me that Brian Urlacher sprinting would destroy any hockey player on skates..."
"I found him!"
"I Found Him [Fixed]"
"When my girlfriend asks me if I had been drinking while I was out even though its obvious I was."
"Friends daughter did this  thought you all might enjoy."
"Friends daughter did this  thought Reddit might enjoy."
"My friends daughter did this in school yesterday."
"A+ Kid .. A+"
"My friend's 5-year-old son brought his homework home"
"Every time i ask for help on a multilayer server."
"Out of my chair Grandma"
"Grandma kick"
"MFW I attended my first girls volleyball game at college"
"How to read a book"
"How to read a book"
"Classic story of a redditor's wife"
"Run Snake  run like you've never run before!"
"Would definitely make for more interesting gameplay..."
"Whenever I look at my inventory after using all my keys and key items in Resident Evil."
"How I feel with a new monitor."
"How I felt after cleaning my room this afternoon"
"Manscaping after 4 months"
"How I feel fooling around with my lady-friend"
"When I'm about to finish and I'm not wearing a condom"
"When you are getting really close  and the camera guy zooms in on the guys balls."
"Traffic this days."
"POTATO CHIP!"
"Thought You Guys will Enjoy This"
"I just wanted to eat some chips."
"Awkward"
"Awkward"
"ummmmmm awkward? No this isn't awkward for me at ALL"
"Wall sockets from all over the world"
"Wall sockets from all over the world"
"How I Feel About this Chick-Fil-A Nonsense Going Around. If Only More People Were Like Clint."
"Forest tells it like it is"
"Casually searching google  then this."
"Can I eat neow?"
"Welcome to Australia"
"I'm not sure what to do here..."
"In honor of Imguraffe's switch  I'd like to share a giraffe. [xpost]"
"Now you have seen everything..."
"Now you have seen everything... (X-post from r/pics)"
"gnom gnom"
"Whenever i am eating with my 7 year old cousin."
"I don't even know..."
"Angels are such dicks."
"Angels are ass holes. (x-post from r/funny)"
"Angels are jerks."
"i... i just don't know. i have to laugh every time i read it! it never gets old."
"So this showed up on my news feed..."
"There has GOT to be an an amazing story behind this"
"I have no clue how to even explain this."
"Wonder what the story behind this is"
"Was told this is WTF worthy"
"Tell me your secrets"
"Tell me your secrets  glorious zebra butt."
"My favorite gif"
"How I think I look to other people when I eat. (P.S. I'm a fatty)"
"Watch for Ice"
"Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh shit! No!"
"What goes on in my head when someone intimidating walks my way."
"What dancing in a club looks like to me."
"Doggy Style"
"I got to meet Nirvana back in the day"
"How i feel browsing new posts"
"I made a new downvote GIF..."
"you brook the rules"
"Hulk is Downed."
"Beautiful image of a streetcar in New Orleans"
"A street car in New Orleans."
"Oh Bill Gates..."
"Wanted to share my favorite Dean moment. Ever. Of all time."
"Thats right  get to it."
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts"
"The haircut cycle."
"Guess they had a bit of spare time"
"googled the saddest picture on the internet and found this  i don't know if its funny this came up or sad"
"My new favorite cat gif"
"My girlfriend was bored today so she drew this"
"Freedom!"
"Freedom!!"
"I must go  my people need me"
"Best gif ever?"
"Up up and away!"
"I want to get away"
"Don't know why I made this..."
"I don't know why  I just did it."
"Hat..."
"HAT"
"You are not fooling anyone Mr Chaplin."
"How I feel when shaving my balls."
"How I feel shaving my balls with a hair clipper"
"What goes through my head moments before giving an upvote"
"When I found out that my crush is bisexual"
"Has anyone ever made anything like this before?"
"OM NOM NOM!"
"Om nom nom nom"
"You can do it  you can do it  you can... ouch..."
"Every time. I laugh at this every time."
"Me  Running drunk into bed."
".........I dont even no what to title this"
"One of the greatest posters  for one of the most disappointing movies."
"How i feel at work when it's slow and i've finished my work"
"Star-crossed lovers?"
"What really happened in the debates"
"Presidential debate  desu"
"Karma"
"Karma at it's finest"
"oh sweet jesus yes..."
"Holy sweet mother of god I finally did it!"
"I've been waiting forever for this day to come!"
"This isn't how it's supposed to work is it?"
"This should be easy"
"Today is my second cake day  I missed my first reddit cake day. All Hail Front Page"
"&quot;do i look fat in this dress?&quot;"
"Whenever my Mom's home from the grocery store and she bought snacks."
"my girlfriends reaction to buying a vibrator"
"Noticed it was my Cakeday"
"Oh Boy! Oh Boy! Oh BOY!"
"End of a relationship[FIXED]"
"Bing  this is the biggest lie. Ever."
"what is this i dont even"
"YOU LIE."
"Parents and tech support"
"Kissing horses."
"I love horses"
"What my first kiss was like..."
"Words cannot describe...."
"When someone in real life tells me they're a redditor"
"First catch of the day"
"First catch of the day"
"This is scary as fuck but the coolest thing at the same time"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Bert and Ernie"
"And people think I'm strange for wanting a pet rat..."
"OMG THE CUTENESS IS OVERWHELMING"
"Say Cheese!"
"When I get home from school."
"What I do When I Get Home"
"Obviously not enough Redditors using this app"
"Really?"
"I think this belongs here. Wtf Christians?"
"What is wrong with people?"
"That was almost a land slide"
"I'm already there."
"Zero fucks given."
"This is me trying to work this morning."
"Keylock. (x-post r/woahdude)"
"Keylock"
"How a key works"
"This is how natural selection works"
"Now Fucker! How you like that shit?"
"Remembered the gif while listening to the song."
"How I look whenever I steal a kill as Sona from my carry"
"when someone tells me I can't do something  then I do it."
"But This Strawberry is Perfect for This Tortoise"
"Quite possibly the best counter for Pro-choice I have ever seen."
"It takes a lot for me to laugh."
"Some things can't be explained"
"There's no time to explain!"
"No time to explain!"
"Team Assassins [x-post r/gifs]"
"Hmm  something suspicious is going on here."
"Console gamer. Laptop breaks. Insurance pays. Buy laptop that can play games during Steam Sale!"
"If I ever find someone I know on /r/gonewild"
"Can't imagine being there to take this one"
"How do you like in one mint?"
"Guy get 137$ speeding ticket and brings them 137 dollar bills folded into pigs in dunkin donut boxes"
"Man brings 137 $1 bills folded into tiny pigs to the police in Dunkin Donuts boxes"
"Oh no you di'n't!!!"
"Be nice to the kitty or else...."
"He deserved it."
"Repost from r/babiesbeingmauled"
"Kitty swings back"
"Cat combo on a baby"
"Is that treat for me!?"
"When i first discovered everybody reposts from reddit  [first post] - Imgur"
"My new wallpaper"
"The Last Supper...of Science!"
"Don't worry about me  I am not cold..."
"Maybe THE cutest thing I've ever seen!"
"Japanese flying squirrel curled up to keep warm"
"I just wanna eat it up!"
"Bummer.."
"Friend showed me this from /b lost it at a [7]"
"Friend's dog licking a popsicle"
"This was made from broken CDs"
"This makes me cry from happiness!"
"Stretch out the intestine"
"Bread Crumbs"
"Aw yiss"
"My reaction when my roommate said he was going to get laid tonight..."
"When a childless friend gives me parenting advice."
"Can someone tell me where this gif comes from? I'd love to know why she had that reaction and what happened. Thanks!"
"HIFW my chubby friends give me diet advice."
"When my parents told me not to smoke in Amsterdam..."
"When someone tells me they're doing no fap September."
"When people say they are doing no fap September."
"When people tell me they're doing no fap September."
"My Mother when I told her I had a date tonight"
"Whenever my thirteen year old nephew tells me he has game with the ladies."
"Safe sex!"
"TOLD YOU!!!"
"I actually laughed out loud"
"Found on FB. So true."
"This Panda just captured my heart"
"This guy popped up on a Facebook ad  I'm absolutely speechless"
"Cats are Evil"
"Every time I open a pack of gum in class."
"What happened to me when i said &quot;Math Problem?&quot; while eating at a china buffet."
"When the first girl arrives at the party"
"When a cute girl smiles at me..."
"The first time I got over 100 upvotes"
"Finding out that a hot girl in a photo has done nudes"
"When a 2:1 karma ratio turns to 3:0"
"My reaction at the end of The Dark Knight Rises."
"How I felt after hooking up with a girl and then learning she was a redditor"
"When I realized that"
"How I feel getting upvoted in r/funny"
"I finally lost my virginity"
"In an otherwise lonely existence  I had my first kiss last night."
"iBee - NSFL"
"I'll just leave this here."
"NOPE. Just nope"
"My testicles retreated back into my stomach"
"Nope."
"Meanwhile in Germany"
"Does anyone know where I could get a print of this?"
"Not amused"
"Redditor tapes remotes to cat  adds pun for karma."
"Alakazam used Psy beam!"
"Alakazam Used Psy Beam!"
"Alakazam style."
"It's super effective!"
"Or you could just stand there and smile..."
"Saw this on Facebook - &quot;Drunk gymnasts shouldn't be at nightclubs&quot; [NSFW]"
"Just casually"
"This describes my life."
"Exactly how this week played out"
"Life as we know it"
"A redditors life"
"Sadly  true story."
"Life of a Redditor"
"I am living for the weekend!"
"Probably Most of Us"
"The life of an average redditor"
"Kind of describes my week"
"Admit it  this is extremely accurate."
"The Life of a Redditor."
"Life of a Redditor"
"Life in a nutshell"
"The amount of accuracy this comic holds is so high it makes me sad..."
"Silly Joker!!"
"Hit dat wood!"
"A real life Pokemon!"
"The main reason that we respond to other peoples' comments"
"How I imagine people who downvote on r/new"
"a funny dog"
"Corgi's got moves"
"[FB] 8 000 001"
"A+ for creativity"
"A+"
"Pre-test at ASU  from FB"
"I actually don't get how half these questions should have been answered. (sorry if repost)"
"This just popped on my news feed. Not sure if trolling or stupid"
"Caturday? Nope."
"When I want to kiss the pussy cat..."
"Surprised this one hasn't been done yet..."
"I feel incredible pride in this man"
"Apparently its a bad idea to give redditors ideas"
"Redditor murders other redditor and leaks false story about a Tiger Pit in Bronx zoo for that hot newspaper karma."
"Oh  don't mind me. I'm just going to take one..."
"I hads a cookie but he eated it."
"Lil Wayne"
"Brain freeze"
"Everyone loves chocolate"
"well maybe just a little..."
"delicious"
"birds"
"Chocolate? CHOCOLATE?! CHOOOOOCOLATE!!!!!!"
"Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No it's..."
"Nice to meet yaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
"Do a barrel roll! (I really hope it turned out okay though)"
"I hope he's ok  but this makes me laugh my ass off."
"For my cakeday I present you 1 my favorite gifs."
"Spinning  spinning  spinning..."
"The goggles- they do NOTHING!!GAhhhh!"
"My feelings on staying home on a Saturday night"
"My friend just sent this to me."
"Look a chameleon"
"Colour"
"Heck yes it can"
"An interesting chart - belief in evolution vs national wealth"
"A Comparison of Belief in Evolution Vs. National Wealth"
"Well there's your problem"
"Swagrid."
"Rubeus Hagrid? More like Rubeus... (crossposted in r/harrypotter)"
"Who magic when you've got Swag"
"expecto swagiliamus"
"Saw this on Facebook..."
"Found this George Carlin quote and thought you all would appreciate this!"
"I miss you  George Carlin."
"The Adventures of Helen Keller"
"Adventures of Helen Keller"
"Garbage Disposal"
"So we saw the back vs boat propeller the other day - here is hand vs. paper shredder"
"Stunning cover of this week's New York Magazine"
"A Blacked-out Manhattan From the sky"
"When my friend starts talking about The Dark Knight Rises  and I haven't seen it yet."
"Putting my headphones on when a cashier gets overly chatty."
"Maybe the Devil does it!"
"Kick Ass!!"
"666"
"I DID IT!!!!"
"I did it!"
"Torpedo mode: Engaged"
"Welly  welly  welly  welly  welly  welly  well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of these eleven herbs and spices?"
"Liberal Stephen Colbert"
"This handsome young man!"
"Childhood=Ruined"
"I remember using to wonder this as a kid myself"
"Googled &quot;what the fuck&quot;"
"Googled &quot; What the Fuck&quot;..."
"The Faces of Rage"
"Just Jim Carey"
"This day we FIGHT!"
"Every day after work"
"I came as fast as I could"
"When someone up after a night of hefty alcohol consumption"
"I'm doing this to all my money from now on."
"Ministry of silly walks by the Beatles"
"I find this gif of the Beatles is kinda creepy."
"Shufflin' across the street"
"The longer you watch  the weirder it gets."
"Taking a stroll with some frients..."
"The Black Eyed Peas Experience"
"How I feel when I see that Michael Bay is rebooting TMNT."
"A cute guy I just met finally asked me out on a date. How I felt when I found out he likes Nickelback."
"My reaction to Sandstorm dubstep remix"
"My reaction to finding out my new neighbors at school are bros."
"Cleared my browser history  so all the Reddit links i've clicked have turned blue."
"My reaction when my mom wanted to switch from Verizon to Sprint"
"After hearing 343 bought the domain names for Halo 7  8 and 9"
"My reaction when Romney said he will pursue and persecute porn if elected [Fixed]"
"How I felt seeing that DST ended and realizing that it will be dark by 5PM now..."
"Meanwhile  in the South..."
"Meanwhile in Poland"
"Once again... time to go check muh Reddits"
"Party Pig!!!!"
"Ridin' Dirty"
"Such a simple  but joyful life"
"Apocalypse pig."
"Sharks wouldn't be so scary if they all looked like this"
"So I am scared of sharks... using this as my therapy."
"They just got 100% less scary..."
"Sharks aren't so scary with human teeth!"
"As a 26-year-old woman  I remember these guys being far sexier..."
"And only one of them is gay"
"Self Portrait"
"Self-Portrait (x-post from r/Pics)"
"Just had to."
"When I get mad at kids"
"Inside a Tickle-Me Elmo"
"I'm trying to sing here  BITCH"
"Go home trucks  you're drunk"
"Don't mind me. Just riding through. [x-post from r/whatsthisbug]"
"Think its time to get some shut eye"
"Awwgasm"
"come at me bro"
"Don't fuck with cobra cat."
"Michael Jackson is reincarnated as a cat!"
"When someone else gets blamed for your fart."
"When I see someone pull their underwear out of their ass..."
"my little buddy"
"hedgehog!!!"
"Is it still too late to jump on the shelving bandwagon?"
"Chuck Norris Vs Slender Man"
"Chuck Norris Vs. Slender Man [gif]"
"Are you done in here? Is it ok to come in now?"
"On an unrelated note"
"Oh  okay."
"I still laugh every time I see this."
"if the black knight dj'd"
"Ill bite your legs off"
"No thanks McDonalds I will pass"
"Go Home McDonalds Your Drunk"
"You'll be forever in our hearts &lt;3"
"Never Forget 11/16/12"
"Never forget!"
"Always in our hearts."
"Just about sums it up for me."
"Life is never gonna be the same."
"Saw this when I was going down the slopes the other day and I was like ohhhhhhh shhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeettttt skkkkiiiiiiiiiii..... dead."
"What I think every time I snowboard"
"We all need a day off... no dishes  laundry  mortgage... that's what Columbus day is all about"
"Breach and clear"
"Us Brits when it comes to a bit of snow..."
"A PSA from English [PIC]"
"Dear People of the World  ..."
"What now Atheists?"
"Christians 1 Atheists 0"
"i dont think i have ever aww'd so hard in my life"
"Apparently  me in a relationship."
"cake day for a middle-aged man on reddit"
"This is a repost and it gets me everytime."
"Whenever a rather up-beat song comes on"
"What I look like in clubs. [FIXED]"
"Reddit I present you with the baby koala"
"/r/gonewild in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"Overly Attached Trixie."
"Every girl at Halloween parties tonight."
"It took my friend six hours to draw this  she says it wasn't worth it. What do you think?"
"He has my vote"
"I'd vote for him."
"Patrick Star - 2012"
"I know who I'm voting for in 2012..."
"Patrick Star 2012!"
"Who i'm voting for in November"
"The Only REAL Candidate"
"This GIF made my day"
"Looper explained in one gif"
"Well then  that's quite the sight to wake up to."
"Well then  that's quite the sight to wake up to."
"How i feel when i realize im walking in the middle of a group of friends"
"YouTube Gold"
"Needs more bacon"
"Rupert Murdoch's pro-SOPA tweets visualised"
"Old Yeller - my favorite movie"
"Now that summer has finally arrived in the UK  this is me whenever I see a cloud in the sky"
"Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"Saw this on facebook..."
"Oh Japan~"
"Just saw this in r/gifs  thought it really belonged here"
"Feline Disrespect... From behind."
"one slap for millions"
"Reddit's reaction to pretty much anything I post."
"Yakkity Joff"
"This is the best gif of 2012?"
"At least it left a note this time..."
"Oh  how times have changed..."
"Funny but sad——How internet makes us alienated from each other"
"Jessica Mad Moxxi Cosplay"
"Jessica Nigri's Mad Moxxi Cosplay"
"Sexy Mad Moxxi Cosplay"
"Why this fine lady (Jessica Nigri) Pulls off Mad Moxxi quite well (;"
"Me and my girlfriend just chillin"
"brb  goin to Hogwarts real quick"
"Probably the coolest villain I've ever faced."
"My stalker"
"I'm on the beeeaaaauuurrrgghh!!! (derpface)"
"A basset hound running"
"Let loose the hounds of war!!"
"googled &quot;Cartoons gone badass&quot; not sure if awesome...or cannot unsee"
"googled &quot;Cartoons gone badass&quot; [FIXED]"
"Best costume I've seen this year"
"Doritos? Yes please!"
"Doritos &gt; Salt and Pepper"
"Doritos in a salt grinder."
"Tactical Kitten"
"So true  Arthur. So true."
"Original Swag"
"Having fun isn't hard"
"The day that lambs become lions"
"This is how I feel when I try to get an upvote from the reddit community."
"I'm not drunk"
"Go home Flamingo you're drunk."
"Clowning around"
"The sweetest dog in the world"
"Oh YouTube...[comment]"
"Food-emon"
"Food Pokemon"
"Me too Emily  me too."
"Someone I can relate to (crosspost from r/funny  tho not so funny after being rejected when rl meeting online friends)"
"chicken head"
"Fucks given by this chicken? 0"
"The Maturity Climb"
"The maturity goats - life's a climb"
"Maturity"
"These guys mean business"
"Forever alone ONE dollar"
"MIND=BLOWN"
"This made my day!"
"So true."
"My girlfriend recently got a cornea transplant. Here is a high res image of the stitches in her eye"
"Stitches in eye"
"Look what my school spent $540 000 on. Just kidding  it's stitches in an eye after surgery."
"Corndog Rule of Thumb"
"Kinda like an action movie"
"Around The World"
"Around the World [FIXED]"
"Around the world done right"
"Falling in love.."
"Just a Zamboni."
"Women  go easy on us"
"Statutory Rape?"
"Here's a ring for those who want to commit suicide"
"Facebook gave me a suicide ring. (i know it wouldnt work but still WTF)"
"Demotivating toilet posters"
"hope your not pee shy"
"Sneeze (NSFW)"
"Don't sneeze in the shower (NSFW)"
"Bless you!"
"Germs are scary"
"Aaaaaachooo!"
"Here Edward  I Made You Some Tea."
"I laughed a little bit too much at this"
"Gandalf Style"
"Gandalf Style!"
"Oppum"
"Gandalf Style"
"Taco bell?"
"How I feel after my girlfriend replaces her single bed for a double."
"Is this how I gain karma?"
"What Neil really saw on the first moon walk"
"Sterbercks!"
"ERMAHGERD PERMPKERN SPERCE LAHTTER"
"Ermehrgerd Permpkern sperce!"
"Ehr Ma Gerd!"
"No love for my first ever cake day post? Release the Kraken!"
"Why did I laugh so much @ this?"
"Totally how I feel"
"She seized the opportunity"
"This cracks me up every time i watch it."
"Strolling to work  minding my own business when..."
"Ladies  this is not funny anymore! STOP IT!!!"
"I wish women would stop doing this. Please end this fad now."
"Just picked up my last paycheck  told my now old boss to suck it  and walked out  0 fucks were given today"
"Koi-magnet"
"Koi-magnet"
"Koi-magnet [OC]"
"An ineffective bath"
"A disorder in which a single gene fails to activate  resulting in facial crossover. [NSFW]"
"My cousin posted this picture of his cat on Facebook. I have no idea what's going on here."
"It's a really bad case"
"So hungry yet so scared"
"So scared yet so hungry"
"Whenever I'm introduced to an attractive member of the opposite sex"
"Me when i get an upvote"
"She learned the hard way"
"There is no place like right here."
"My cat always does this !!!"
"Zero fucks given"
"Well Played Seagull"
"This seagull goes into the same store and takes the same bag every time. It's called the &quot;web footed discount&quot;"
"When I hear a classmate's bubble gum wrapper while they're trying to be slick."
"Going down Swinging"
"Not going down without a fight."
"Absolutely egregious! I think..."
"Maximum Coverage"
"Stupid Hoe"
"i'm.."
"Dat ass"
"Obama's daughter asks him to go to Justin Bieber concert with her..."
"Just saw ridiculously photogenic horse"
"No fap September???"
"My reaction to MC Hammer coming out with a search engine"
"Stanley blink Cinemagraph'd"
"*Blink*"
"When people say &quot;I can hear your music&quot;"
"How I feel watching a Jeff Dunham special...."
"How to Properly Play the Guitar (NSFW)"
"True"
"What children’s skulls look like as they prepare to lose their baby teeth"
"Skull of a child growing adult teeth"
"A child's skull  before it lost its baby teeth."
"Colonel Sanders &amp; Alice Cooper."
"Alice Cooper &amp; Colonel Sanders"
"Happy Plankton"
"When I go to a swimming pool after watching Olympic diving [Fixed][Again]"
"Seeing a Facebook Argument"
"My brother and I when our divorced parents get in a fight"
"When I come across an argument about politics on facebook"
"My reaction before opening an email with 'Car Break-In; Neighbors Pummel Thief' in the subject line"
"Found this...."
"Typed in 'dat feel' into Google Images and found this. (how is this relevant?)"
"This is a pretty good WTF I suppose"
"I'd Elect HimHer"
"Googled &quot;Nicklecage&quot;. Did not disappoint."
"My thoughts exactly"
"I am moist"
"I am. Are you?"
"What I look like in physics class."
"Faces (x-post from /r/woahdude)"
"dafuq........ (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Disturbing but well synced"
"When I find an onion ring in my order of fries"
"Have you ever been hit by a train?"
"Train hitting guy"
"Man hit by a train"
"Man hit by train"
"Man hit by train"
"Our childhood friends"
"Tripping balls [GIF]"
"What the hell is this? What the hell is that? Hm...Who are you?"
"How I felt posting on my cakeday last year"
"I feel like this about life."
"Welp  my first cake day."
"Republicans telling the truth"
"The placement tells the story"
"Target's college &quot;essentials&quot;"
"College Essentials"
"Say cheeeeeeeeeeese"
"I guess this is what happens when he reaches the surface"
"Guuuuurrrlll!"
"I don't stop eating when I'm full."
"Periodic table of British swear words."
"You probably thought this frog was alive."
"What do you mean I'm not a bear???"
"Say what? [x-post from /r/lolcats]"
"mirrors"
"Happens All The Time"
"what did I come in here for...?"
"what did I come in here for...? (x-post from r/funny)"
"Life is funny sometimes"
"Don't you hate it when you forget why you went in to the kitchen?"
"Banana Cat"
"Googled &quot; Banana Cat&quot; . Was not disappointed."
"If you look closely  it's not a banana."
"Googled Banana Cat and Was Not Disappointed (x-post from r/pics)"
"After a year on reddit  this is how I feel about having 5k link karma"
"How i look when i have 73 up votes on a comment"
"A crazy picture i found"
"Whoa dude."
"This is tripping me out  focus on the mandelbrot set  not a .gif"
"No  it's not an animated gif"
"Our subway chart here in Finland is slightly different than in other places."
"Ever since I became a Redditor this is how I've felt browsing other sites."
"Moe - Gangnam Style"
"Just an optical illusion"
"Hurricane Sandy  meanwhile in the dominican republic"
"Gorillas dancing to a baby"
"how i feel after submitting a link with a spelling error"
"/r/funny didn't appreciate this"
"We're destroying our planet (By Mario Sanchez Nevado)"
"Amazing art that I know my friEnts will appreciate (Artist: Mario Sánchez Nevado)"
"Destruction."
"I present to you my collection of &quot;Premium Internet Gifs&quot; I made a few months back but didn't post it (35 Images)"
"My friend who dislikes reddit and prefers to go on 4chan set this as my desktop background when I was not looking."
"Bacon sunrise"
"How the Hurt Locker should have ended."
"The most badass gif I've seen today"
"I kind of like the new recruitment ad for the Army."
"Up until recently I thought this .gif taken from The Hurt Locker."
"When you walk into the bathroom and all the stalls are open"
"Today is my first Cake Day. All week  this is how I imagined the day would be..."
"D.A.N.C.E"
"'Murica"
"just DANCE!!"
"Totally unprovoked my GF told me I was bigger than any guy shes been with... This is me right now."
"My new desktop background."
"Badass Atheists"
"Tree that grew through and around a wagon wheel"
"I'm not a fan of bangs either  crazy Asian lobster lady"
"Lobster Lady Strikes!"
"Rage."
"This needs to be re-posted every once in a while."
"I've been listening to a lot of Mastodon recently  made me think of this comic."
"arcs of plasma forming during discharge of the Z machine in Albuquerque"
"Soo how did you break your... body?!"
"1800's was even taking funny cat pics"
"The humans suspect nothing so far."
"How I feel during video games when I realize finals are coming up."
"a glitch in the matrix"
"REPOSTS&gt;&lt;STSOPER"
"My all time favorite picture of The Beatles"
"I missed him"
"When my girlfr[ent] decided to start smoking weed"
"When I find out the pregnancy test is negative"
"Me finding out I can use the carpool lane"
"Having my wallet  keys  and phone after a party"
"MFW I left for work with 180 karma but came home to a post having over 1300"
"Last saw my SO in June  thought I would next be seeing him in April. Just found out he will be able to visit in January! Just had to share my happy"
"Booked a flight to the US yesterday for €17.50 return  this is how I felt after I received the confirmation"
"Found $43 in some pants deep inside my closet"
"9 More Until 100 Link Karma  For That  My Favorite gif"
"A rainbow in candle smoke [Pic]"
"Kill it with fire!"
"Quick kill it!!!"
"Passed 1 000 link karma..."
"MY PRECIOUS!"
"Batman style?"
"I love this picture far too much -_-"
"Oppa Gothem Style."
"Steroids and OCD = WTF!"
"Did He Swallow a Midget?"
"Human turkey"
"The Ultimate Weapon of Mass Destruction"
"I approve magical battles."
"The ultimate weapon!"
"Deer me  I'm still not sure what the elk I just watched."
"Every time I watch my grandparents try to navigate the internet.."
"What your cat thinks while watching you... do your thing"
"To my fellow Muslims....."
"As a single male  this is what I say to people asking for dating advice from me"
"Fabulous morning!"
"Horse Derp."
"Sarah Jessica Parker playing football (soccer.)"
"How I feel when trying to conquer an exam"
"Haters Gon--Ah Fuck"
"These things are dangerous! First they attack humans now they're trying to kill the animals!"
"Oh ball you're my best friend! GAH WHY DO YOU BETRAY ME SO!"
"Mouth to mouth resuscitation"
"cause this is thriller!"
"Well its on now salsa chihuahua!!!"
"Try chasing me now!"
"emma watson album (i take no credit)"
"I give you 50x Emma Watson"
"Faucet Valve Night Light"
"How I feel walking into the room and noticing my friend is on /r/spacedicks"
"So I think to myself  &quot;I haven't looked through NEW in a while...&quot; Goddammit..."
"Logging into Facebook nowadays"
"My first few minutes on 4chan."
"I mistyped an imgur link and this appeared."
"I mistyped an imgur link..."
"I mistyped an Imgur link and this appeared"
"Goodbye cruel World."
"Fail"
"After one year this is what I've learned about trying to reach the front page..."
"A flying cat......"
"The leap of faith [Gif]"
"When the baby pictures come out..."
"I must go..."
"Fuck  wrong place to jump in!"
"We're still doing combined gifs aren't we? here's mine ENJOY! - Imgur"
"happens all the time"
"Handsome (FB)"
"Can't a guy just get his handsome on?"
"Hate that."
"When you see it..."
"When you see it.................you may be disappointed"
"You lose atheists!"
"Proof of intelligent design?"
"Helping a friend out."
"That's a nice costume!"
"Extreme Schizophrenia. Right there"
"Nah  I didn't want to sleep anyway"
"one-man Zoo"
"Pictures from Helloween"
"The Curtain"
"We are screwed"
"I regret nothing."
"Dancing Queen"
"After my comment gets down voted into triple digits"
"So after one year on reddit"
"Today is my cakeday. I think I'm going to delete my account."
"When I woke up this morning.."
"Having spent exactly one year on reddit."
"It's been one year guys"
"Got this far into No Fap September and I am proud to say.."
"How I feel posting a comment that gets downvoted to hell"
"As of today  I have spent 3 years slacking on reddit. Here is how I feel"
"I've spent a year on this website"
"Has it been a year already? Well....."
"After 1 year on Reddit..."
"One year gone. GPA down .4 already. My cakeday thoughts."
"Forgot I was a guy D:"
"DAMN IT IT NEVER WORKS ):"
"Back the fuck up son!"
"I wait for the day of the zombie apocalypse!"
"Back the fuck up."
"Motherfucking chainsaw catana"
"ER MAH GERD WHERT A JERCKERS"
"Forever alone"
"The first time making out with a girl"
"How I feel using twitter"
"I haven't smoked one cigarette since the day before halloween. I smoked for 5 years."
"Went to my first dubstep show last night. This is how I felt the whole time."
"Epic bachelor win"
"My reaction when one of my friends scores with someone I think is hot..."
"When my 12 yr old sister tells a fundie earthquakes are a result of plate tectonics and not god"
"The father of all the gifs."
"When a hot girl at a party asks if I want to see her room."
"Anyone know where this is from?"
"How I feel when I find my fellow Asians in r/Tall"
"My face after shortly watching Olympic Women's Volleyball."
"When another driver buckles their seat belt right after they see me wearing mine..."
"Slave Leia and her stunt double catching some rays"
"Carrie Fisher and her stunt double Sandi Gross taking a nap during the filming of Return of the Jedi."
"Oh  so that's how anatomy works."
"I thought this would fit better here  but check out r/heavymind were it came from if you liked it."
"Spider-Mans free time"
"A Child  a Chicken  and a Camel"
"I have no idea what to make of this child"
"you dont get more badass than little timmy"
"Zero Fucks Given"
"I wish this was my childhood"
"STOP RESISTING!"
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
"So this guy...."
"Finn and Jake taking a break"
"Tradition"
"Ever wonder how forest fires get started?"
"Festival of Lanterns in Chiang Mai  Thailand"
"Boo."
"Wait for it..."
"I would shit bricks"
"Life is a game"
"Sleep is a good and bad friend."
"Checkmate."
"Need More Titties! [SFW]"
"87 people died... (fb)"
"A fridge any parent would be proud of."
"Looks like we know who to blame..."
"Dat Girl"
"We all know that feel (x-post from facepalm)"
"Perfect girl [x-post /r/facepalm]"
"Disney buys star wars? this is what wikipedia thinks"
"Rollin' on a River"
"Keep rollin  rollin  rollin  rollin "
"They hatin'"
"do the barrel roll pup."
"This would explain some things."
"I think that's a valid reason..."
"WAT?"
"I am a fan of inappropriately used memes"
"Facebook Really Knows Its Memes"
"Reddit  I've wanted a sequel to this game since I last played it."
"I demand a remake."
"The Truth about Relationships."
"if cats looked like this  would we eat them too?"
"For my CAKE DAY I present to you... my cock pussy"
"Portable of the dead"
"When I Am Not Joking On April Fools Day"
"Whenever I try to take part in a conversation"
"Go home  goats. You're drunk."
"My current town's police had to get &quot;diversity training&quot; for profiling African-Americans [pulling them over excessively]...made me think of this."
"If this isn't rascist. I'm not sure what is."
"Black Monopoly"
"Black Monopoly."
"Who wants to roll first?"
"Went to R/Monopoly as a joke and found this gem."
"When I'm included in an inside joke."
"You can't spell &quot;Amusement&quot; without..."
"When I tried to go to Reddit at work only to find that the IT people finally blocked it..."
"Tumblr"
"Reddit and all its entirety."
"I see your kitten pictures and raise you an baby ocelot."
"LOOK REDDIT! a baby Ocelot!"
"i typed &quot;killer cat&quot; into Google  and this popped up."
"Killer cat!?"
"Wut?"
"Searched I was not disappointed  I was not disappointed"
"Googled &quot;I was not disappointed&quot; and needless to say"
"(almost) EVERY TIME I READ A RELIGIOUS COMMENT"
"My Friend Just Asked Me If Mick Jagger Was Part of the Foo Fighters..."
"How I feel when I see my friend's posts on reddit"
"Picard wasn't the only one..."
"when someone gives me an aol email address"
"Resting Lions  Tanzania"
"The art of kitten flight"
"omg"
"Guess What?"
"Found on PostSecret"
"POOP *giggle*"
"Reddit loves cats playing ping pong"
"Cats playing ping pong."
"Infinite Ping-Pong Cats"
"My roommate decided to smoke Marijuana for the first time. I found him watching this."
"My favorite gif  makes me so happy"
"Sheer Bliss"
"HIFW I get an upvote [X-post from /r/funny]"
"How I feel after I repost and retitle a gif  that has already been posted numerous times  and get a ton of karma for it."
"How I felt today being validated by getting upvoted decently on a post after 5 months of not being a lurker. P.S. thanks guys."
"What PBS's Budget is going to"
"SRS logic"
"I &lt;3 Dogs"
"I feel like every redditor has had this conversation before"
"sad but true"
"Teamwork."
"So I decided to play Imgur roulette..."
"Seems about right"
"Hey guys check this out!"
"Seems about right."
"When I realized I had been on Reddit for 8 hours"
"Washington football coach *really* enjoys the game"
"YES!"
"Well  whatever you're into  I guess."
"Throw that ball  you slut"
"You know? Day bow bow"
"Hello &lt;3"
"Seems Legit"
"So  I tried going to 4Chan..."
"Honestly  I have no idea what the fuck is going on..."
"I wonder how long it took for this to happen"
"Violators will not be prosecuted"
"Sports fans"
"Not in front of the kid!"
"My Reaction When I Found Out I Didn't Have To Go To Church On Easter."
"Finals are coming up soon. Ask me how I feel."
"Being told to clean the bathroom for the sake of the marriage.."
"How I feel now it's my first cakeday."
"Being asked to donate to my college"
"Am I doing it right?"
"This is EXACTLY what DiGiorno intended."
"someone dear god try this"
"At first I didn't get it"
"Whenever I Submit Something..."
"What I was doing the entire time Reddit was down."
"...If I'm not what?"
"Dislike if what...."
"Why I hate Facebook"
"Raw Chicken McNuggets."
"This is what McDonalds chicken is made from."
"So thats what a mechanically separated chicken looks like (at the McNuggets factory)"
"The McDonalds Chicken Tender Snake"
"dude  I told you we should have stayed in the cage"
"I bet all he was thinking of  was home."
"Melt your girlfriends heart."
"In Borderlands 2 when i find a weapon with multiplied damage"
"POW!!"
"Oh I see well here is a... KICK TO DA FACE"
"how if feels uploading now adays"
"This photo just blows my mind. Water creating a perfect reflection [pic]"
"When an interviewer asks why they should hire me  this is the first thing that pops into my head."
"How I feel after someone spent $4 to get me reddit gold"
"Down low... too slow"
"A stupid news headline. Definitely a 'no shit sherlock' moment."
"Good morning honey..."
"Its funny if you think of it as a threat"
"Is it just me  or is Facebook getting more aggressive?"
"Meanwhile on Facebook..."
"This was a serious post [FB]"
"Facebook is taking this a little to far..."
"Getting to be a little aggressive (fb)"
"Seriously?"
"Saw this on facebook  looks like my gran's gonna die!"
"What the fuck Facebook?!"
"I had to let her die"
"This just appeared on my Facebook page... seriously  what the fuck is wrong with people?"
"Just saw this in my Facebook feed..."
"I'm ashamed to say this popped up on my newsfeed because one of my friends actually &quot;liked&quot; it..."
"This is the reason why the &quot;Like if...&quot; pictures don't really effect me."
"I'm such a bad person for not re-sharing this on facebook...maybe reddit will keep her alive?"
"Meanwhile on Facebook"
"Facebook..."
"Wait  what? (fb)"
"Well  Shit."
"Does this work?"
"Shake Your Body"
"Move your body 2.0"
"Everybody Dance the Ditto Conga!"
"When a Girl catches me smiling at her."
"Me after my asshole friend knocked on my door screaming &quot;POLICE  OPEN UP!!&quot;  as I'm pirating stuff."
"It's only purpose is to support itself"
"Its Only Purpose Is To Hold Itself Up"
"Every time I watch Storage Wars"
"What Chu doin?"
"Here's an album of all of the upvote .gifs I've made so far."
"Birds fly over the Sultan Ahmed Mosque in Istanbul"
"Istanbul"
"The day after I mowed 3 acres with a push mower because the rider died."
"After legs day"
"First thing I thought of"
"He just has a hard time getting to them..."
"This is now my home"
"/r/aww needs some baby zebras."
"Baby zebra"
"r/aww Needs more zebras"
"Golden Eagle versus red fox"
"Oh you know  just a bush painting bob Ross."
"The joy of painting Bob Ross"
"Robb Boss"
"Unconventional USB drives"
"Just some unconventional USB drives."
"What the flying fuck...?"
"9/11 Firefighter"
"It didn't stand a chance."
"Run for your 8th life"
"I must protect my people"
"Found this on the Facebook page of a club in Glasgow... Confused isn't the word."
"meanwhile  at the reddit office"
"Reddit's Staff"
"Meanwhile back at Reddit headquarters"
"How I imagine redditors.."
"Breaking News From Reddit Headquarters"
"-Reddit tech support  how can we help you?"
"Jesus  it's as if the cone didn't shame me enough already."
"Kobe gives an upvote"
"Somebody make this into an upvote GIF"
"What to comment on a hot girl's photo"
"Icons of music meet CD artist  awesomeness ensues"
"How half of reddit would ACTUALLY react if there was a zombie apocalypse"
"Mr. Feeny [PIC]"
"Mr. Feeny?"
"Salvador Dali eating a bowl of..."
"Nike or Adidas? ( repost from r/romania )"
"A &quot;Human Statue of Liberty&quot; was created with 18 000 thousand man in 1918 at Camp Dodge in Iowa before going to war. Here is the incredible photo that resulted."
"18 000 soldiers stand to form the statue of liberty  1918"
"looks like... i have have made a bad post."
"Eating his own shit even after death"
"Science..."
"I thought i'd be forever alone...till tonight/this morning...this is all I can do"
"When I come home to see my post on the front page."
"Carlton's Bipolar Duality"
"When I manage to do anything without COMPLETELY fucking it up."
"True story"
"If I only had a heart."
"I don't remember that part of the story. . ."
"Well  that's ONE way for the Tin Man to get his heart. [NSFW]"
"Nose."
"What I do when I get more karma than my friend"
"When I win an argument on Facebook"
"Poor Snake."
"Great question"
"Descions"
"Did I do this well enough?"
"My thoughts when my parents tell me to mow the lawn friday after school {x-post r/funny}"
"onions aren't the only foods that make you cry"
"The deadliest player in battlefield 3"
"Horse from the movie &quot;Alien&quot;"
"Vancouver bus advertisement (x-post from /r/Canada)"
"Vancouver bus advertisement"
"Get a real job."
"Vancouver bus advertisement [FIXED]"
"Seems Legit"
"This guy"
"The joys of autofill"
"Fucking Wasp"
"Why I don't like wasps"
"So true"
"Wasps"
"Wasp."
"Fucking Wasps"
"This  is a wasp."
"Gets me every. single. time."
"One of each"
"One of each"
"A task only a true man can accomplish"
"This seems reasonable here. (x-post from r/funny)"
"best nick cage face swap im my opinion. hide yo kids hide yo wife bitches."
"The idiot friend"
"Pic of friends cats on my newsfeed."
"The great downvote massacre of 9/1 (see comments for link / explanation)"
"There has to be a better way!: The Collection"
"Just a baby giraffe"
"Baby Longneck"
"Fucking adorable!!!"
"Just a baby Giraffe... &lt;3"
"Well  hi there!"
"Baby giraffe!!!!!"
"Awwdorable Giraffe"
"How I felt when she told me she just started going out with him."
"Me  when my crush told me that her &quot;boyfriend&quot; is traveling over a thousand miles to meet her for the first time..."
"How I feel being in BC when my brother tells me how warm it is in Toronto."
"How I feel as a Brit seeing all the U.S summer posts"
"How I feel reading American heatwave posts in a flooded England"
"When the Steam community votes to put a game on sale that I already bought"
"Reddit  I just broke up with my girlfriend.. Why do I feel like this."
"Just a little Doctor Who gif dump. Enjoy!"
"When I open reddit and remember that I will never be on the front page."
"Hey guys...it's Myspace."
"How I feel when I get rejected"
"How I felt when the Doctor never showed up in the Olympic Opening Ceremony..."
"When I'm driving home with a broken window."
"How I feel being down voted on my cakeday in r/aww with a cat picture"
"How I feel after missing my cake day after checking nearly every day for the past week."
"I'm a republican in a republican family. I just realized that I am probably going to vote for Obama cause I just don't think Romney gets it."
"come at me k"
"Cat toy force field"
"Me trying to talk to a girl at a party"
"What? I don't even..."
"I wish he was our president..."
"Ronald Raygun"
"Ronald Raygun!"
"Ronald Raygun [1920x1080]"
"Ronald Raygun"
"Why my friend doesnt let me use his drum set anymore.."
"this gets me everytime"
"How Mitt Romney is going to feel after losing the election in November"
"When people insult me  a norwegian."
"I didnt ask for this!"
"Humans"
"what a weiner"
"Dog dick (SFW)"
"So  this popped up on my newsfeed."
"Oh Wal-Mart  you make me smile."
"Asian pregnancy test"
"Asain pregnancy test"
"Can your grandpa do this?"
"Classic Cosmo Kramer"
"Oh Kramer..."
"Classic Kramer."
"Soon"
"Sexually Assaulted Fly"
"All Of My Wat."
"Why we won WWII"
"anytime some kid tries to explain why first generation pokemon sucked..."
"My gf broke up with me today...it's my real life cake day..."
"My reaction to no fap September"
"What's more valuable? A question or an answer? [XP:RP]"
"I can't stop awwing"
"The Wave About to Break at Chopo  Teahupoo"
"Edge of the Earth"
"Super Massive Wave. This can't be normal."
"Scary swell"
"Have you ever been so mad you wanted to kill someone while wearing a weddingdress?"
"If you aint no punk holla' we want pre-nup"
"How I feel when people down vote my first post."
"Roots? Ok then..."
"Gamer Mentality"
"Flood? What flood"
"Getting to number 1 on a subreddit with under 1000 readers."
"The farther I scroll down /r/gonewild"
"QUE!?"
"Every time someone tries to talk to me but I'm not wearing my HAs"
"shark aquarium in Dubai has been broken..."
"Don't you hate it when you are going down the escalator and this happens"
"I think I'll go the other way..."
"The shark tank at The Scientific Center in Kuwait collapsed."
"NOPE level [shark]"
"Are we there yet?"
"Meghan you bitch"
"Typical Megan"
"Case of the mondays"
"What 99% of my posts to reddit feel like"
"How i feel after reading to much comments."
"Arguing on the internet."
"Every time I see the words 'Karma Machine.'"
"When I post on Reddit"
"Meanwhile in the forest."
"Invisidog"
"A dog that is hard to keep track of"
"A cat with a hat"
"Hello Earthlings"
"i still have no idea"
"Derping? [first]"
"troll parents at their best"
"This is gonna make his parents mad!"
"Shameless.... Parenting..."
"[NSFW] 4 pairs of tits bouncing around"
"Boobs. (nsfw)"
"Years later  this is still my motivation for Dungeons and Dragons..."
"Going to sleep like a boss"
"Going to sleep like a boss"
"How I feel when my posts yield no karma...add this one to the pile."
"fuck it  I'm going to bed"
"After being insulted on Reddit."
"Karma-whore redditors  upon learning of the death of someone famous"
"My reaction when someone is wrong on the internet."
"How I feel introducing my whole dorm to my girlfriend."
"One of my first faceswaps  probably the best so far."
"That's Sam my cousin"
"No one can dodge punches like Ali"
"I wish I was this slick when dealing with my grandmothers pinching attacks..."
"Muhammad_Ali_boxing_dodges"
"My sister made a new Halloween costume. The cops ran off screaming!"
"Winning"
"Oh you have a Mac? Thanks for sharing..."
"you don't know oh oh"
"my place to relax at the end of a day."
"Who Ronaldo blames for Olympic football being a U-23 event"
"So I was buying my friend a DVD when I noticed this..."
"Green ribbons"
"Whenever I go to a sporting event and someone tries to start The Wave"
"You dickfish (nsfw)"
"No time  no time."
"This Will Make You Smile"
"Found This On an Animal Research Site"
"Grey baby bunny"
"It doesn't take a genius... Ouch (First)"
"Samsung Ad.........."
"It doesn't take a genius"
"Samsung's aggressive new ad against the iPhone 5: &quot;It doesn't take a genius&quot;"
"Samsung takes the offensive  so happy to see this"
"Samsung's Smart Ad"
"It doesn't take a genius"
"Samsung's new Galaxy SIII ad"
"Samsung takes aim at iPhone 5 in new print ad."
"Every cat's dream."
"Here's an Infographic Riot Just Released Detailing How Much League of Legends is Played"
"Slender vs Patrick Star"
"Patrick Plays Slender (X-post r/slenderman)."
"WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO!!!!"
"Our basic reactions to this guy"
"The magic school bus  all grown up."
"?"
"Look at them!"
"Oh so that's your favourite GIF ever? Here's mine."
"Walking out of a movie theater"
"Walking out of a dungeon in Skyrim"
"Got uncharted 3  played till it was over  looked outside and this happened."
"Prepare for these."
"2012"
"How I feel seeing so many reposts on the front page today"
"How I feel after browsing the timeline too long..."
"All of reddit right now."
"What I say when ordering a bottle of wine"
"Back on Reddit after a week of no Midwestern internet"
"How I feel watching the &quot;popular internet videos&quot; show on my local channel..."
"Going to bed and waking up after my first night shift.."
"So I just woke up from a nap..."
"They don't get along so well..."
"Saw another tumblr post on Facebook..."
"fucking filters  man..."
"Bird vengeance"
"It's my favorite position."
"Your Package Has Arrived."
"why aren't they happy? some crazy person we'll be dressing them up soon"
"I was accepted to Harvard...I think"
"Did this really just happen?"
"I'll admit  this got me"
"Heartless"
"This is how Sandy was started"
"Heartless"
"Whenever people get angry at trolls"
"Couldn't spell bananas  so he improvised."
"Painting with light"
"Shine a light (x-post r/art)"
"And you thought your shadow puppets were impressive"
"you are not the father"
"Y U No stop running?"
"Sending the entire team won't drop him..."
"The Reddit Football Game"
"Football Trollin'..."
"Football rage comic style"
"football+benny=awesome"
"Happy Halloween."
"Terrorizing your kid  you're doing it right"
"I spent my Saturday cleaning an enormous mold infestation out of my basement; so on my Saturday night I now sit in my bleach-filled house looking around on IMGUR. I'd cry too  kid."
"Cat uses &quot;traumatize&quot;. It is super effective."
"Kaptain Kitty"
"Fuck your cats reddit. This dog has titanium teeth and fights in wars."
"like dis if u cry evry time"
"That escalated quickly."
"What I dream about doing in our 5-hour  2nd Monday of the month budget meeting!"
"When someone told me that they didn't believe in any extraterrestrials because of the book of genesis"
"How I Feel When All My Reddit Links Are Purple"
"My reaction when the girl I am seeing asked me to read &quot;50 Shades of Grey&quot; with her because &quot;it's a really good book.&quot;"
"What I'm really day dreaming about at one of my meetings."
"Ever had one of these days at work?"
"On my first day back at work after a holiday..."
"How I feel as a combat Vet while doing my first semester of college."
"One time when Reddit was down I tried 9fag!"
"Fuck you I'm a horse"
"Please don't forget about the tremendous opportunity which lies before us all this Halloween"
"Troll Level: Grand Master"
"Happy Halloween Kids!"
"My aunt just showed me this picture of hail storm in Alberta  Canada... beautiful pic  horrible aftermath"
"Hail storm in Alberta  Canada... [FIXED]"
"Hail Storm (X-Post from /r/pics)"
"looks like Zeus just had chipotle"
"BUTTerflies"
"Butterfly farts"
"What happens when girls really fart."
"This sums up the south pretty well"
"Only in muuurica"
"No diving."
"Fuck da po-lice"
"Livesaving advice"
"Science!!!"
"Don't worry kid  I fall over when I get hit by invisible energy too."
"kamehameha!"
"Slide kitten"
"Why don't people steal more things from YTMND?"
"For the bronies"
"How I Reddit after I found out about pressing J then A"
"Crystal Meth"
"The Progression of Meth Addiction"
"This morning  after a night of whiskey"
"This picture is beyond words"
"This picture is beyond words"
"This is slothzilla"
"King Sloth"
"Sloth State of Mind (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Yesterday was Bill Murray's birthday  and to celebrate here's him in the best role of his career"
"Animals reactions to being placed inside a cardboard box"
"Box vs. animals"
"Animals' reactions to being placed inside a cardboard box"
"Repost 4367"
"When people tell me I'm going to hell for supporting gays"
"How I feel after getting banned from r/reactiongifs"
"The image shot seconds before we learned that sperm whales were carnivorous"
"Brave camera man."
"Cool shot of a Man recording a Whale"
"Ermagerd Clerp Clerps"
"This is what alcohol looks like under a microscope"
"How did i not know this..."
"Colin Mochrie demonstrates how to correctly dance to dubstep"
"I thought it was funny"
"Perfect match IMO"
"Make Me Move Like a Freak"
"For the Sonic Fans"
"isn't it nice when things just match?"
"Gangnam Style"
"Walk the Dinosaur"
"Jurassic Style"
"When you're out at the club and you see a fly girl..."
"I won't be surprised if this has already been made"
"Jurassic Mochrie"
"Get up get down...."
"You come to me on the day of my daughter's wedding"
"Interesting.. tell me more."
"My non-redditor friend  when I told him that it's my cakeday."
"A lion is a cat after all."
"How I always imagined The Lion King."
"White Girl Problems"
"Sleepy kitty"
"Me when I can hear my housemates conversation and them laughing."
"How I feel when someone makes a joke about Aurora"
"When browsing the 'new' section of r/funny"
"Close enough."
"I see how Americans view the world and raise you how Americans and Europeans view each other ;)"
"America/Europe [Fixed]"
"America/Europe"
"Well that should make the presidential election much easier..."
"Owl'Da'Mental"
"Airplane logic"
"Friendzone Level = $25 000"
"An RAF Pilot getting a haircut during a break between missions  Britain  1942"
"Nuclear explosion photographed less than one millisecond after detonation."
"She like pussy..."
"The worse thing to bring to a gunfight"
"Lightening crashes"
"Fucking lightning!"
"Beautiful lightning shot"
"WW2"
"Hitler[AoE] has joined the game"
"Old but still gets me everytime"
"WW2 abridged (oldie  but goodie!)"
"Fireworks  when the camera refocuses during the explosion. (x-post /r/woahdude)"
"I believe this pic accurately shows what a [10] feels like."
"A kids wish coming true on Christmas."
"oh fuck yeah!!"
"Frosty Shipwreck"
"The Matterhorn piercing the Alps [1600x1200]"
"Matterhorn - Switzerland"
"Satanic Leaf Tail Gecko (Its real name)"
"If Slenderman was Jamaican"
"Awww yeah  that's the stuff right there."
"[x post] Awwww yeaah  that's the stuff."
"Self control"
"This is exactly why I will never have kids."
"Meanwhile in Sweden..."
"Personal space"
"After years of needing glasses  this is how I felt after buying a pair today (x-post)"
"How I feel after just watching the Matrix and understanding so many more references...."
"When a co-worker disagrees with the boss in the middle of a meeting  this is how I feel inside"
"I made it to the front page of two fairly large subreddits today."
"Spidey auditions for the Avengers"
"This is why you didn't make it into the Avengers"
"Spiderman"
"the amazing spiderman ending spoiler"
"You picked a bad parking spot buddy."
"Is That Water Or Ice?"
"I heard reddit likes cats"
"It's that horrifying moment when you realize..."
"This gif isn't worki.. !!!"
"Me browsing Reddit after midnight"
"This never ceases to induce fits of laughter. [gif]"
"IN THE FACE!"
"When I criticize my girlfriend's outfit..."
"How I feel when a repost gets more upvotes than my original"
"Still my favorite gif ever."
"CSI"
"This is what I think of every time I watch it."
"Looks legit"
"My feeling on a lot of front page posts recently"
"When I miss the starting post in a trend"
"i agree"
"Cat Womans Time of the Month"
"Seeing a vagina right after you finished..."
"Going to FunnyJunk after discovering Reddit."
"My face when a friend suggested I leave my number on a napkin for my cute waiter with the lyrics to &quot;Call me Maybe.&quot;"
"My reaction to seeing an old high school crush 2 years later after she has gained 30 pounds."
"When a girl thinks she's hot  when she's not."
"Clint Eastwood is supporting Mitt Romney for President?"
"Every time I see my mom reading 50 Shades of Grey"
"Clint Eastwood Face"
"Reddit's Reaction to Everything I Find Funny."
"Real Life Walter White"
"4chan prank calls &quot;Pawn Stars&quot; - Absolute gold.. - (X-post r/4chan)"
"Wanted to share my new wallpaper with you guys"
"Smoothie Time."
"Scumbag Bill"
"my new favorite .gif"
"Please  take a taco"
"Why would someone do this willingly?"
"&quot;Sir  I told you to stay in your car.&quot;"
"SLOTH!"
"FOX news strikes again..."
"One  two  thr-SHIT"
"I immediately regret this decision!"
"Superdog fights to maintain composure"
"&quot;..we only let atheists in heaven.&quot;"
"Pearly gates  eh"
"Hi there."
"PRINGLES"
"More of a father's day gift I thought."
"Obviously my mom was not using one."
"Oh how I miss being 12"
"A &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; dance from Ringo."
"My friend told me he's an &quot;Experienced&quot; drinker. My reaction when I woke up with no hang over and he was puking."
"I'M A GANGSTA"
"Gangnam Style"
"This song IS catchy..."
"Guile Jam"
"Wake me up?"
"Amazing Street Art (x-post from /r/whoadude)"
"my reaction to my first real taste of winter this year"
"How I feel after winning a long and pointless argument"
"How I react whenever I see religious people approach me on my university campus"
"Whenever someone says that my argument is stupid."
"How I react whenever green peace approaches me on campus"
"Me when my boss asks me to come in Sunday morning at 8AM to get a jump on something for Monday..."
"My bunny."
"To me  to you."
"So fucked up  yet cannot look away"
"Now loading shoes"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like cats..."
"yo dawg  i heard you like cats. so we put a cat in your cat so you can pet your cat while you pet your cat"
"Yo  dawg  we heard you like cats"
"As an Aussie seeing all the Halloween pics..."
"Don't worry. I got you... Fuck. Just a sec. Be right with you"
"Mischievous kittens."
"I just  why can't other countries be as funny as Japan?"
"How to swivel in a chair"
"I aced my exams today Daddy!"
"Owls confirmed creepiest bird."
"So I heard that Reddit like owls..."
"Aren't owls Adorable!?"
"Saw this on my facebook feed. Will never look at owls the same."
"the owl farm"
"Not so smart"
"I giggled.."
"Some even met Heath Ledger"
"So... This is a thing now?"
"No Gangnam Style !!"
"No Gangnam Style"
"I have no idea what that woman did  but I guess the pelican didn't approve"
"So there was this &quot;poverty/shit station&quot; thread on 4chan... I collected all the pics"
"So there was this &quot;poverty/shit station&quot; thread on 4chan... I collected all the pics (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"I find car journeys this exciting."
"What's going on there?"
"Ohh Meowww Gawddd Ohh Meeoww Gawwd"
"Try a vaporizer  they said. Come on a car ride  they said"
"MFW I finally hit 100 karma"
"Sometimes Facebook is worth looking at  sometimes."
"Might be a repost  but thought you guys would enjoy."
"Fuck the police! ( fb post)"
"He's screwed."
"How I felt when I stubbed my toe which has an ingrown toenail"
"I'm Asian  and this is what I think of Jeremy Lin"
"When someone gives me a lone upvote."
"Tonight  not knowing I even drink  my mom purchased me a beer."
"What's Denzel Washington's favorite Friends character?"
"When someone mentions the city I live in in a post"
"How I feel when someone I don't really know shares an opinion with me"
"This made my day"
"When I'm watching a post to see if it gets upvotes and I get one in the first 10 seconds."
"When I hear someone else listening to Gangnam Style in their car"
"fuck the police"
"Fuck the Police [gif]"
"Fuck the Police"
"Fuck the Police!"
"(x-post from r/pics) F the Police"
"How my left hand feels doing everything"
"I went to play golf with my boss."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Choo Choo"
"HERE I COME TO SAVE THE DAY!"
"Funny church sign..."
"Hipster Jesus"
"Hipster Jesus."
"Not once  but Twice"
"Not once  but twice (x-post from r/funny)"
"How I feel the 2 months are gonna be trying to get karma till my reddit cake day."
"Commitment to the cause"
"Too Long..."
"Oh yea."
"What Memes May Come"
"Oh yea. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Cat Man"
"I wouldnt mess with him"
"I don't need a mask to be..."
"I see your batman cat and raise you..another batman cat."
"Fox-Sama  do a barrel roll!"
"Yes. Yes they are."
"probably the most wtf gif on the internet"
"Look at all this beautiful art my girlfriend made!"
"My wife painted this for our anniversary."
"My girlfriend is also a great artist."
"Might as well jump!"
"the un-crippled profeser X"
"Please sir  no touching of the dog."
"RIP. what will Murca Do Now?"
"We will never forget you."
"Saying Goodbye"
"R.I.P"
"RIP Twinkie"
"Anybody up for a little grave robbing?"
"4chan at its best"
"4chan delivers"
"In Russia  to get on the front page..."
"In Soviet Russia!"
"Lightning on the Horizon"
"Lightning [PIC]"
"What do you do if you find an atheist?"
"Advanced witnessing skills needed to talk to grumpy  bitter atheists...."
"Free hugs"
"Sometimes you just need a hug"
"Give me a hug  human"
"The most insane letter ever written by a child to a TV weatherman."
"I promise not to make you a slave...?"
"Dunn eat meh. D:&gt;"
"What did you just say to me?"
"pizza rolls"
"I god damn love pizza rolls."
"What happens when you stick a knife in a tire?"
"Yet another reason not to slash a tire: incredibly high pressure"
"Bed time just got more fun"
"Biggest karma whore EVER!"
"High kitteh! [first one]"
"Lynzee Stauss: Staff Reporter"
"How I felt while watching the Jesus Camp documentary..."
"When I'm about to leave and my dads waiting outside my buddies place and he offers me one more hit."
"Whenever I click on your funny post and it has more than 10 words."
"How I feel reading my friends' party status updates while working on a Saturday night"
"Don't mess with the..."
"Gonna assume this guy has a toyota lawnmower"
"'Merica"
"A damn fine machine"
"Maximum Overdrive [gif]"
"It's not rape if you say surprise sex first (courtesy of thechive)"
"Let's petition Nintendo to make a HD 2D Zelda game like this..."
"Great remake of a Zelda scene - Credits to Orioto at DeviantArt"
"Arbitrary Retard Rollercoaster"
"As an American  what's the big deal?"
"Get it together  'Murrica."
"Metric v Imperial"
"D'awwwwww c:"
"Dat nose... I SHALL BITE!!"
"Dr Cox strikes again!"
"My favorite line from Scrubs"
"great idea  or..."
"Best.Show.Ever."
"This is why I love this show."
"HIFW I got over 40 up votes from a single post."
"Now that winter is coming  this son of a bitch is going to be a pain in the ass."
"My best friend after a night of heavy drinking"
"Chinese traffic"
"Ass Goblins"
"What is this called?! I need to do this."
"Best. Toy. Ever."
"Best. Toy. Ever."
"I hadn't seen this before and thought it was rather awesome. [crosspost from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Deeper and deeper"
"Gary Busey"
"Buception"
"Buception (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"Gary Bu Hast"
"When Gary's Hudduh"
"Though this seemed more fitting"
"Thought this seemed more fitting"
"Pug shirt."
"The pug life didn't chose me I chose the pug life"
"After eating a peep for the first time since last easter."
"So I showed my brother Reddit. Now all I see are purple links."
"How I felt as soon as I started the Slender game"
"Decided to watch The Exorcist at 4 am"
"How i feel letting my sister play my xbox."
"Very cute"
"My cat got no love on r/chinesefood maybe you can give her what she deserves?? &lt;3"
"Sleeping Kitten"
"They wanted it to be as good as alcohol-free. Therefore  limited serving alcohol to one (1) glass per person. I was instructed to arrange the glass. (Repost? - oldschool?)"
"We all have that one friend"
"The ring of fire"
"Bloodsport"
"Rock and Roll was so much better in the 80s...."
"We call ourselves Samurai Rambo"
"one of the best bands ever..."
"Hello  this is sparta"
"Jailbreak in a nutshell."
"I don't think they like us"
"Re-Watching My Childhood Shows."
"Shaved Guinea Pigs look like tiny hippos."
"Shaved Guinea Pigs look like tiny hippos!"
"Guaranteed to appear in some future nightmare"
"80 000 volts through a flower"
"A flower with 80 000 volts running through it"
"I'd like to play with this pussy"
"Please bitch  I'm the boss"
"Rock Beats Paper Bitch!!"
"Every time"
"I can't believe they actually named it this."
"Folding Lava - Kilauea  Hawaii"
"Folding Lava  Kilauea - Hawaii"
"Brothers through thick and thin..."
"An educational journey"
"a comic that gave me a little hope in the world."
"friend posted this on fb  thought it definitely belonged here for the level of badass..."
"This picture ruined my day..."
"Wat."
"What r/imgoingtohellforthis is actually like"
"What r/imgoingtohellforthis is actually like"
"Whaaaaaaaaat the fuck"
"When my ex calls me saying her new boyfriend doesn't treat her well like I did"
"My prophecy had come true. Fuck."
"Hit 'n' run"
"You'll regret it"
"My favorite comic"
"This was me trying out the internet speed at University."
"This could be the worst tattoo I have ever seen"
"A rather disturbing tattoo"
"Grammar advice from Facebook God."
"In hindsight  that probably wasn't the best idea"
"the best way to wake someone up"
"I wish my dad was this cool..."
"Fatherly Advice"
"Huge image of the Red Planet."
"Tomorrow afternoon  with fingers crossed!"
"Jules plays Guess Who"
"SWANSON"
"Me when finding out that it is my cakeday today when I randomly signed in to reddit while on Holiday."
"As more seniors graduate this seems relevant"
"Worth it"
"Why do I find this so funny?"
"What do you get when you wear a tapout shirt? Broing and broing  all! Night! Long!"
"What happend to us?"
"So true.."
"Repost"
"Repost"
"Repost"
"Repost"
"Balancing act"
"How I feel as a Redditor"
"Scared you didn't I?"
"Stumbled across this guy in a stock image gallery today. Cute."
"Saw this on my FB wall. Oh god my sides"
"I have never been more disturbed by old nick"
"Oh my  what an adorable baby"
"Baby Cage"
"Not sure why I googled Nicolas Cage baby pictures"
"Dog also gives a shit about views."
"New awesome Minecraft HD Texture Pack"
"I have an awesome moustache  your argument is invalid."
"Eatler!"
"Hey its a hippo- DEAR GOD."
"My asian friend sent me this"
"Repost? Who gives a shit  everyone has the right to know."
"This is probably my favorite gif."
"Blew my mind at a [6]"
"When I found out I missed my cakeday by a day"
"chewing gum at a [7]"
"Oooooh a waffle! Yum yum yum"
"I'm sorry  but this is still one of the best gifs out there"
"Easily my favorite gif ever."
"Imagination"
"And visions of waffles danced in their heads..."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Zero fucks were given that day"
"My usual view of hivemind."
"That one guy"
"Sounds Legit. x-post StandUpShots"
"Found this on r/Standupshots  thought it deserved some time here too."
"Believers answer to everything they can't explain"
"The only logical explanation for Noah's Ark et al [PERMA-Fixed]"
"An ultimate answer to /r/atheism"
"It's magic  I ain't gotta explain s***."
"Jerry clever."
"Hmm..."
"Shackles of Religion"
"freedom!"
"Feel Good From Dr. Seuss"
"Winner"
"Stop that  it tickles"
"Good luck in your continued endeavors"
"You should drink more water"
"OAW"
"This is strange."
"Overly Attached Water"
"One of a Kind! Best trick in the book. Shoe Glue gif."
"Troll Level: Master"
"The manliest man of all time"
"This is the definition of Manliness"
"THE manliest man of all time."
"Googled a local soccer team  turned out better than expected."
"A kitten floating through space on a piece of bacon."
"."
"onward to the front page!"
"For my cakeday I googled &quot;get me to the front page.&quot; The Internet delivered."
"Oh  4chan."
"hot-boxing in a car"
"Avoid a ticket"
"How I get my groove on."
"Make me hate each time I see this when I'm distracted on Reddit. I beg you."
"After a long day of Reddit browsing..."
"Here comes the plane"
"I only eat Paint!"
"Manliest man of manliness"
"Like a boss! A MANLY boss!"
"The Best Around"
"BUNNIES IN SWEATERS!!!"
"Dwitanic"
"No  I haven't seen Dwilight. I prefer Dwitanic."
"I am ready my noodly savior"
"NOPE."
"How I feel reading my facebook wall tonight..."
"Everytime a girl uploads pictures of her and her girl friends looking skanky"
"when someone takes credit for something I did"
"Reverse trick or treat FTW!"
"This is a Great Idea for Halloween Trick or Treators"
"WTF  Pooh?"
"There are no words..."
"Random imgur. Is that Ari Shaffir a.k.a. the amazing racist at a televised bowling event?"
"Downvoting something on the frontpage as opposed to downvoting something on New"
"pretty much every action movie ever"
"using mods"
"CSGO Recoil at close range"
"CS:GO recoil at close range"
"suspicious flashlight"
"Arrrgghhhh..........Way too true"
"Whee!!!"
"Did i ever tell you what happened to my kid...?"
"Unleashing Evil (view full size)"
"H-Bomb on Surface Ships  Bikini Islands [2966x1557]"
"Jay Bruce is blasting off againnnnnnn!"
"Meanwhile in Korea..."
"the story of how the leopard pants came to be"
":')"
"I read this with the accent I think he has. Makes it that much funnier"
"the fuck?"
"Skill required vs. fame"
"Skill vs Fame  a chart"
"lol"
"This is my reaction when I get three upvotes."
"Me when I remember school is starting soon"
"So Ronery"
"When my friends ditch me to go drink.."
"What the hell am I doing with my life."
"enough padding?"
"FIGHT!"
"Heres a preview of what me and my girlfriend will look like trying to dance at prom tonight."
"Sparring."
"Mortal Kombat!"
"TMNT Tykes"
"This is how all my fights turn out."
"You think you can come in on Saturday?"
"I Quit!"
"when adderall wears off"
"How i feel realizing i missed my cakeday..."
"After dying 20 times in a video game"
"How I feel sitting in my dorm at 2 in the morning bored as hell with all my friends gone on this labor day weekend"
"When I find out a comment gets more karma than the link I posted"
"How I feel when I realize the date in which you became a Redditor is not your cake day."
"2 weeks into school"
"After loosing a shitload of Karma this week by trying to get on the front page of Reddit...."
"How I feel when I see a repost with more karma than the original poster."
"missed my cakeday..."
"the most reposted gif on the internet"
"When a post of mine I think will make front page gets 0 upvotes"
"Just a few of my favorite 'fuck you' gifs from around the web."
"How I imagine the rest of the world views the USA"
"Where the hole came from"
"Incomparable levels of awesome."
"Dinosaurs and laserbeams. can't make this picture any more badass."
"Somebody grab me a time machine  I need to be here!"
"How on Earth does this happen?"
"Going For The Young Vote..."
"problem solved."
"Like a President..."
"/r/starcraft"
"What I post when I see my friends argue on Facebook"
"Me everytime im watching truTV's &quot;Top 20 Most Shocking..&quot;"
"How I feel as a Jew watching Atheists and Christians attack each other on reddit"
"Season 7 of Supernatural is on Netflix  this is me for the next few days"
"only"
"Crush? Where?!"
"MY EYE!"
"Donald Duck [fixed]"
"Just how I remembered it..."
"This is what a &quot;Repressed Memory&quot; looks like."
"If the cup is of proper size  I will surely sit in it"
"Im a little tea cup..."
"when someone across the room says my name"
"Calvin Candie meets Jay Gatsby"
"Several hours later when your comment finally gets a single upvote"
"scumbag turtle"
"Turtles are assholes"
"Our Physics Professor"
"An awkward meeting"
"A cute girl sits next to you on the train/bus/plane. What do you do? Overthink it of course."
"Some Men Just Want to Watch the World Burn"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Some Men Just Want to Watch the World Burn"
"My plans after finals"
"How to keep people away...deer butt doorbell."
"Peyto Lake Canada"
"Surreal Reflections - Iceland [OC] [1200x800]"
"Just found this  thought reddit might enjoy it. (probably repost)"
"How I imagine it feels to be a woman in a bar full of skeevy men"
"How I Feel Like going to a Job Interview with more than one Interviewer."
"Something tells me that lots of trees were burned."
"Spongebob Bloodhead"
"Not what I expected..."
"Okay... Don't move!"
"For the love of god don't move (X post from r/funny)"
"I live in the Northeast  and this is how I feel about this so called Hurricane."
"The moment after a test when you realize you just most likely failed"
"skateboarding turbulence"
"Fuck"
"Powerlifting"
"i can't stop laughing at this"
"Kitten mittens fail"
"OH GOD  CLUB ME NOW!"
"So Sealy."
"Can't tell if he's enjoying this or not. Happy Halloween everyone!"
"My doctor prescribes this all the time."
"So my friend sent me a link after I bitched out of going to the gym with him..."
"&quot;LUMP OFF MAN&quot;"
"So  what are you doing this weekend?"
"One hell of a party"
"What posting to reddit is really like"
"Downvoting reposts on the front page"
"How I feel commenting after a thread is popular"
"Downvoting something on the front page."
"As a person who is afraid of heights I'm not sure if this would make it easier or more difficult to poop."
"Sasha Grey"
"Elevator illusion"
"The guy every one loves to hate"
"So I searched &quot;kittens&quot; on google and found this."
"Penalty kick flip"
"Fuck the Bridge-Police."
"I went out to eat with a friend of mine last night"
"Scumbag Elmo"
"Good Guy Steve"
"Ladies  please!"
"Me during no shave November"
"When someone asks me what's so great about Reddit"
"If my friends say YOLO in my presence."
"When one of my friends lets out a massive fart"
"I found out my best friend was a creationist"
"Alchemy level 100 (/r/drugs OC)"
"A Panda being a dick [Part 2]"
"Browsing Reddit recently.."
"When people make comics about other people's comics"
"Something we all notice sooner or later."
"Whenever I check Facebook"
"Browsing /r/aww recently..."
"why do i wait?"
"Everytime I read Reddit's Facebook screen caps"
"Every Time I Go on Craigslist"
"Thanksgiving as a European"
"Maybe I've been living under a rock"
"babies"
"Lazy Redditor"
"Me today on f7u12"
"am i doing it wrong"
"After reading the necrophiliac AMA"
"Just me?"
"Every time I see this guy"
"Every time I see a 'WTF brain' comic."
"Something I noticed..."
"The new trend"
"f7u12 recently..."
"Do i suck this bad?"
"Computer guy"
"This really makes me question how truthful they are being."
"What are they letting kids get away with in school these days?"
"After not being on reddit all day"
"First World Problems Leader: Words to Live By."
"Going to McDonalds at an [8]."
"Why I love Will Ferrell"
"Dwight Schrute VS. Planking"
"Who are these guys? I keep seeing this appear in comments."
"When I see a post on the front page that I saw in the new section"
"How I felt inside after successfully farting in front of my girlfriend"
"an easy way to watch Star Wars Episode IV"
"Empire in 109 frames"
"Uhhh..."
"Had this framed and hung it next to my front door so it's the last thing I see when I leave my apartment. Instant day maker."
"Whenever my friends brag about having a bunch of games gifted to them."
"What does Bill Murray think about you?"
"RIP this amazing man"
"Just a bit of truth for you all  my friends."
"Reddit as a person with no life whatsoever I would just like to give you this...."
"Astronauts or skull?"
"The Original King of Swag"
"Om nom nom"
"First kiss"
"Just saw this one on facebook.....What?"
"Gabe gives us advice"
"Kids love it"
"fuckin' europeans"
"This caught me by surprise"
"So this is how it ends"
"See it Swimming"
"My visit to /r/spacedicks"
"How I feel browsing r/WTF"
"Me and my friends in a Museum"
"Fuck dah police"
"How I react whenever I beat my brother at video games"
"Badass cow"
"When you're crossing the street and someone honks at you to hurry up."
"nah bitch."
"When you are crossing the street and someone honks at you to hurry up."
"When a car honks at me to hurry up with crossing the road"
"Crazy freaking cow."
"You want some of this? - [4:55]"
"I found this .gif of a cow funny  and I hope you do too"
"It's funny...?"
"One year of Reddit  here is an album of the pictures I've accumulated."
"Probably a repost  but still a hilarious GIF."
"My cat gives me this look sometimes"
"What it's like being a lightweight during drinking games"
"Being single with a cat."
"&quot;Wait til you see my dick.&quot;"
"What I want to do when my friends tell me about my blacked out escapades."
"New Olympic sport  cop-slalom."
"How I felt when I finally got my Med Card"
"He's the fastest racer in Akina!"
"In which Christopher Robin leads an expedition to Alderaan."
"Oh em gee."
"Sky"
"It's shit like this  Switzerland!"
"Milky Way Over Switzerland"
"How I feel on humid days."
"How I felt visiting Texas this summer"
"Can You Suck More?"
"/r/gifsound bears treasure"
"Blastoise's piano skills"
"Blastoise's piano skills (x-post from /r/GifSound)"
"Play me off  Johnny"
"Figured it was worth sharing."
"Blastoise plays Death Waltz"
"Blastoise Plays Death Waltz"
"Had to make this after I saw this gif [FIXED]"
"Swanson at it again!"
"One guy on Yelp..."
"I wish more places did this"
"The sandwich sells itself  people"
"That One Guy..."
"I challenge you  TO A DUEL!"
"Just this hedgehog wearing a sombrero..."
"Water Tension. [xpost from r/waterporn]"
"Surface tension."
"Surface Tension (x-post from r/pics)"
"The surface tension of water [pic]"
"Surface Tension (xPost from r/pics)"
"Laminar Boundary Layer Flow"
"Laminar boundary layer flow. It's a viscosity thing."
"Chewing this as a kid always made you feel cooler"
"How i picture Australians."
"Found this after Googling &quot;Fat girls who think they are hot&quot;"
"emocheescake"
"Rocket to Uranus"
"Rocket attack"
"Rocket to Uranus"
"I thought it was spring..."
"I'm from Sweden. This is my face when people on reddit complains about the heat"
"Winter is coming."
"MFW browsing r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu."
"Flower of carnage"
"When someone tells me they listen to nikki minaj"
"Hyper Cat!"
":D"
"MFW: The first time one of my links makes it to the front page!"
"I always wondered what was going on in their heads..."
"After you finally finish the season finale of your favourite show..."
"The &quot;wat&quot; Lady"
"Wat."
"Wat."
"When my boss wants me to come into work at 5:30 a.m after clocking out at 1 a.m"
"Wat"
"Seeing all these  &quot;Seeing all these petting charts&quot; posts..."
"WILD BUSH CAPTURED!"
"Easily my favorite gif."
"Let go of me  I must catch it!"
"Gotta catch Bush..."
"Walked past this little guy today on campus and knew I noticed something odd.."
"After browsing twoXchromosomes for less than 2 minutes.."
"How I felt sitting through the Pitt / Utah game"
"How I felt checking out r/mylittlepony for the first time."
"My reaction when I read a reddit post that starts &quot;As a Christian...&quot;"
"How I feel when I click on something that is a link to flickr."
"Playing Amnesia  and then I reached the storage room."
"I was hitting on a girl at a party when she told me she was 16"
"How I feel browsing reddit without having seen TDKR"
"So my brother found my Reddit account."
"Well played Washington airport  well played."
"Surprise!"
"Haters  gonna hate."
"At the end of the workday on Friday..."
"Island Deception"
"Southern Lights from Space"
"Potato chip map of the world."
"My cheeks were right at the monitor (GIF)"
"The closest we will all get to the beautiful Emma Watson"
"Can't sleep  clowns will eat me."
"Urgent memo from the planning department"
"Perfect Nature"
"The Goat Tower."
"Peacemaker missile test"
"The terrible and awing power of the nuclear era. MIRV test off the Kwajalein Atoll. Each line represents Hiroshima x 25."
"How I feel when I browse 4chan."
"I always see Reddit talking about 4chan  so I went there. This sums up my experience pretty nicely."
"what happens when you enter 4chan"
"What Wonder Woman taught Makayla Maroney."
"How it feels when TIL threads link to Wikipedia: TIL that Waldo's shoes are never tied in any picture."
"Reddit my home rage (first)"
"amr atef"
"You polygonal  bro?"
"lkhjbjbvj"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Cough drop megusta"
"You cannot wish for more wishes..."
"I wish I could..."
"Loopholes..."
"Loopholes..."
"ICE ICE BABIES!"
"Mix 'n' Match animals"
"Ice Ice Baby"
"Dexter's Big Bang Theory? Mind = Blown"
"Dexter's Big Bang"
"Can you scratch my back?"
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours"
"i found the answer to the universe"
"Saw this on the train ride home from the bars. &lt;3 is blind"
"I'm happy if they're happy."
"Please explain this optical illusion to me?"
"Silhouette Illusion"
"My brain hurts..."
"DAFUQ"
"What is this witchcraft?"
"My ex-wife who cheated on me just got cheated on by her fiance."
"Dance  Jeff Bridges  Dance!"
"He'll do it  he's crazy!"
"Ronald Loves Children"
"Knock  knock. Whose there?"
"I told my roommate I don't count the fourth Indiana Jones movie. She asked why and I said..."
"How I remembered my grocery list today"
"seeing someone do math without a calculator [FIXED]"
"I was gonna ask why this guy hasn't done an AMA  then he answered me himself."
"Reddit for the past week"
"All I could think about when playing through God of War 3"
"How I feel sitting outside instead of inside today. [FIXED]"
"All that happened in Prometheus..."
"Why I don't misspell anything since 2005 or so [Fixed]"
"How it feels to talk to my dad for the first time after coming out to him as a nonbeliever."
"Watching Bob Ross at an [7]"
"People from Bali"
"My mom decided to watch Ancient Aliens because nothing good was on TV"
"Just Studied for Four Hours Straight"
"Still one of the best things I've seen online."
"Video card installation. You're doing it right!"
"Found this on the way home from the bank today."
"Reflections of icebergs in the harbor in Ilulissat  Greenland"
"Perfect glacial reflection"
"World's greatest conductor"
"How to conduct music."
"Music to my ears."
"What sick bastard would do this!"
"I'm a bit disappointed."
"24% of people have never heard of textbooks"
"The poor 15%"
"You guys win."
"A tough choice..."
"An atheist's worst or best dream."
".... That is horrible"
"Betty  just step over the rope"
"Training for the Olympics - Jumping ass - Imgur"
"The Elements"
"The elements"
"Having a bad day?"
"Trying to cheer up my friends when they're down."
"Protester about to be shot by trooper. The protester did not show any sign of using Force."
"Protester about to be shot by trooper. The protester did not show any sign of using Force. (X-post from pics)"
"Found this on my newsfeed"
"Well played Mickey D's."
"Wonderful day in the ghetto"
"Stephen Colbert"
"Not sure what to say about this..."
"Lightning Eclipse"
"Lightning Eclipse from the Planet of the Goats"
"Lightning. Eclipse. Greece."
"When I see other Ents out in public."
"I would be far more afraid of the man who isn't afraid to lick shit"
"this is a blobfish."
"I feel you bro"
"Wet koalas are not as cute as dry ones."
"I JUST WANTED TO TRIFORCE AND YOU CUNTS HAVE RUINED MY LIFE"
"Everyone should know how to triforce!"
"Take that!"
"Karma....(got this from no hope for the human race)"
"Buzz Aldrin punching a conspiracy theorist in the face [x-post from /r/awesome]"
"Buzz Aldrin - How you like me now?"
"Newspaper ignizzle"
"Bugs are Beautiful!"
"Dew Drop Macro"
"Dew drenched dragonfly"
"My phone."
"When you think you heard someone call your name but you don't know who"
"When I hear people calling my name but i don’t know where it’s coming from"
"Does he look like a bitch?"
"Look like a bitch?"
"No  he has a hat on though"
"Samuel L Aksin'"
"Well... Does he!?!?"
"WTF  lucky catch? (Octopus eating a seagull.)"
"This aquatic-dragon-looking creature is actually a seagull being consumed by an octopus."
"This aquatic-dragon-looking creature is actually a seagull being consumed by an octopus."
"Every time I get an upvote."
"This is how I feel today when my karma reached its third digit."
"When I found out about Reddit Enhancement Suite plugin."
"When I finally murdered that fly that's been buzzing around the room for 4 hours."
"Amateur Parkour"
"Hold my beer  I'm going to record audio of this plane's low pass flyby.. [xpost from r/audioengineering]"
"How NOT to record audio of a plane's low pass flyby [xpost from r/audioengineering]"
"Dangerous!"
"Actually found something funny posted on facebook you'll all agree with."
"Finally found something agreeable on facebook."
"How i feel when i see a stupid meme on facebook"
"What my family Christmas is like now that my brothers are married"
"Construction dog"
"How I feel when a girl I like flakes on me"
"Realizing that I missed my cake day by a day."
"When You Have to Sit Through the Cutscene before the Boss for the 40th Time"
"Me  upon realizing I missed my cake day and all the guaranteed Karma that comes with it."
"whenever I run out of blue links"
"How I feel when I put cereal in a bowl  but notice there is no milk."
"Spread Anarchy"
"Spread Anarchy!"
"cats in space"
"&quot;I whip my moobs back and forth!&quot;"
"I don't think you're ready for this jelly  my body's too bootylicious for you babe."
"Dem titties"
"My favorite Pacman picture"
"Not sure if I want the coffee or if I do..."
"This is a theater stage for a play"
"&quot;I solemnly swear that I am up to no good!&quot;"
"Meanwhile  in the Ukraine..."
"Just taking the kid for a bike ride."
"On my way to school  I noticed the Parent of the Year."
"I haven't seen breasts like that in quite some time."
"My response to NC. State beating Fsu"
"Just a big guy without a shirt celebrating an upset"
"North Carolina!"
"My response to NCSU beating FSU (x-post from /r/gifsound)"
"The funniest thing I've found in a long time (x-post from /r/animalswithoutnecks)"
"A new breed of giraffe"
"As a black guy  I still laughed"
"Yes.. yes  you are"
"A much needed sign"
"My contribution to Draw Muhammad day."
"Damn Xzibit..."
"One of my favorite pics on the web."
"helping hands"
"A helping hand."
"NOPE"
"A shitton of nope right there."
"Seals are pretty cool."
"Seals are still better..."
"Together till the end"
"How i feel upvoting a post that has 0 upvotes..."
"Upvoting a post with 0 upvotes"
"4chan having fun with online polls again. Operation kinder is underway"
"Operation Kinder. It has already reached 25th place by the time this post was created."
"VOTE VICTOR!"
"Vote Victor"
"AIDS chasers? why is this even happening"
"Guess who's bad?"
"My mom sent me this picture in an email. I found it very amusing"
"The story of Oedipus"
"The best advice I ever got from The Office"
"Possibly the greatest wrestling move EVER."
"How reddit responds to a bad post that I made. (Possibly NSFW)"
"Myth busted!"
"dashboard rage"
"Do you know how fast you were going?"
"A friend just posted this on [FB]"
"also popped up on newsfeed"
"Niece was sick all last night. Didn't vomit all day...then her mother breast fed her."
"If you live within 2 000 miles of the equator"
"Whenever a post is too long"
"You just gotta dance"
"Spider-Man and Wolverine agree on something."
"I love my girlfriends artwork...."
"To be honest we knew it all along"
"Seems legit"
"An all new meaning to &quot;Crotch Shot&quot;."
"cop gun"
"Fuck the police huh?"
"How to fight crime with style"
"Justice."
"Cuddly Bears"
"Black bear meets Teddy bear"
"Tag  you're it!"
"Two cute bears"
"Claw^Claw^Claw"
"[GIF] Mr. Bean watching a Formula 1 race (actor Rowan Atkinson)"
"[X-post from r/funny] Rowan Atkinson's reaction in .gif form [sort-of a SPOILER]"
"So we're bringing WTF back to its roots - again? Well  here we go. NSFL/NSFW"
"um...what's going on here?[WARNING: GORE]"
"I'm Stuck!"
"The sink is clogged"
"Went to go wash my hands when...."
"Me  every morning after the alarm goes off"
"My reaction after my friend told me that his girlfriend has been pregnant for 8 months without knowing"
"My reaction after my friend told me that his girlfriend has been pregnant for 8 months without knowing"
"Finally broke down and bought BF3  one week later  my reaction hasn't changed."
"How I feel about the lack of Mr. Show gifs"
"Nerd Dragon"
"This made me lol pretty hard"
"How to Conquer a Dragon in Skyrim"
"Not with that attitude."
"Whose head it is?"
"HE DID IT!"
"Found this on fb today. Maybe there's hope for the rest of us."
"He did it!"
"paradise"
"Waterfalls in Croatia"
"MEOWTH QUICK ATTACK!!!!!!"
"Owl in flight"
"Flying Owl"
"Flying Owl"
"Just the sickest picture of an Owl You will ever see in your life"
"Owl Mid-Flight"
"this is just a mere owl during flight"
"Just the most badass owl you will ever see."
"Owl mid-flight"
"Sonic Squirrel"
"My response to all the Anne Hathaway .gifs recently"
"deceptive Danny Trejo"
"Good old days"
"When my wife is &quot;in the mood&quot;..."
"Simpsons fish? With fingers?"
"Excuse me  coming through..."
"Always makes me crack up.(First)"
"Babies"
"Don't fuck with bears. This is why:"
"Hi  hows it going.."
"Yes. Nope."
"You wouldn't believe the shit I've seen  kid."
"WTFING SHIT NIGGERS"
"This is how I feel after stuffing a turkey..."
"After a proper turkey stuffing..."
"Googling &quot;got a light?&quot; yields very interesting result."
"This is Totally What Happens When I’m Lazy"
"hungover today  this is exactly how i feel right now"
"Even &quot;The Peanuts&quot; are afraid of the zombie apocalypse"
"Captain America!"
"I can't stop laughing at this..."
"Captain America"
"For those in need of a chuckle"
"This is still one of my favorites"
"Beating a yellow light"
"Oh hey...."
"Sloth yawning"
"Weird"
"Mila Kunis named Esquire’s sexiest woman alive"
"CatShark"
"Shark Week: Reddit Edition"
"So I googled &quot;this is why I'm scared of the ocean&quot;. It's like google knew it was dealimg with a redditor 0.o"
"Google image result for &quot;shark brain and p***y&quot;"
"Googled amazing animal  wasn't disappointed..."
"Shat"
"Cat Shark"
"Fuck you Irene"
"Come Get Some  England"
"For all of you in the Mid-West  remember  FUCK TORNADOS!"
"Being in the midwest right now  this is my mentality"
"Oklahoma &amp; Kansas today/tonight..."
"When fall comes to Oklahoma"
"This guy is ready for hurricane Sandy"
"How I feel being a redditer  an Apple employee  and a devout Apple fan after Apple won their lawsuit against Samsung."
"Realizing its my cake day at 10:30. Get of me woman  I need some of that sweet sweet karma!"
"Deer Jesus "
"When my favorite song comes on at a party"
"nsfw?"
"No fucks given"
"When people tell me to get out of the bathroom and I don't."
"Everyone Feels Like This Sometimes"
"Train vs brain"
"Well F*ck..."
"how I feel reading my comments after a night of drunken redditing.."
"This should have been the title of the movie"
"I'm sexy and I know it."
"Seeing the Octomom porno."
"To the people who upvote month old posts"
"Another view"
"You are enormously insignificant.."
"When I send an affectionate text to the wrong person..."
"Accidentally spent $1150.00 at Amazon"
"How I felt after realizing the girl I just asked out to dinner is a vegan"
"I was unaware such a day existed!"
"I thought r/Atheism would get a laugh from this"
"Karma shot"
"How I Feel Upvoting SLUTS on /r/GoneWild"
"How I picture the girls over at /r/gonewild/"
"What I feel like before I post a link"
"How i feel being the first to upvote a post that gets to the front page"
"This photo captures the exact moment of a tank blast hitting four Syrian soldiers"
"The double fake headbutt!!!!!"
"Professional Soccer In A Nutshell."
"Where is this little slice of heaven?"
"Awesome study method"
"What happens when you get into a car accident with the Flash"
"Just the right size for my pocket. God damn."
"How I feel about Facebook these days"
"as a newly single lady.... this is how i feel"
"All I want to do is - Peter Singh"
"Best.Role.Model.Ever."
"brave cat"
"Daredevil"
"One badass cat."
"9 lives = no fear"
"A good question..."
"Deepak Chopra never stepped on a piece of LEGO?"
"Philosoraptor on SAP"
"How NASA can get to the moon again?"
"Dynamite"
"I've been thinking for the past 5 minutes.."
"Anti-Smoking Ad Fail"
"My girlfriend said this after an hour of silence"
"A disturbing but logical conclusion"
"Intelligent design"
"Something from nothing."
"If the Bible says you must marry the person that raped you.."
"If aliens influenced religion..."
"My thoughts exactly"
"This hit me after reading Luke 18:27"
"Seems legit.."
"gets me thinking"
"Probably not the happiest day of the bride's life."
"Mom  dad... I'm gay"
"Coming out is hard"
"just my friend's chihuahua puppy surprised about being photographed"
"My friend's chihuahua puppy surprised about being photographed (x-post funny)"
"Probably the funniest Dog Gif i've seen."
"SO SOUR!"
"Must be really 'sour'."
"Sour Patch Kids"
"When my friend is hungry i imagine this"
"Aww shit"
"I am easily amused"
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"C'mon  give us a smile..."
"Why would anyone want to do this to their dog?"
"Happy Dog is Happy"
"Dat face."
"Lego-induced nostalgia."
"The Most Important Game of Space Invaders of All Time"
"Somebody just uploaded my pictures from last night's party"
"Going on /r/Spacedicks for the first time"
"When i see a picture of a huge spider."
"Epic Save"
"Hay Gurl Hayyy"
"When I don't feel like talking to anyone"
"The Real World Map."
"Map designed to be offensive to every person on the planet"
"When I see a hilarious post and find out in the comments it was a repost. [fixed]"
"My first thought when I heard about the Twinkie thing."
"This is me after finding out Hostess went bankrupt..."
"Stockpile now  you never know what may happen"
"Quack."
"Quack."
"Duck"
"XBox"
"Clint Dempsey...I know you are but what am I?"
"wut"
"Someone tried to brake into my house..."
"How my cake day post went the other day"
"How my cake day submission went the other day"
"This symbolizes every single post i've made on reddit ever"
"My face when I realized it was my cakeday."
"But my mom says I'm cool..."
"Brenda Song is engaged."
"My reaction when my roommate told me she just got more karma than me"
"I showed my mum R/AWW and now she wants to join Reddit"
"Upon finding out The Office was cancelled"
"Chuck Norris Skills"
"Don't Mess with Professor Norris"
"Where we've been in the universe  how far it is  and how often we've gone."
"All the space missions!"
"50 Years of Space Exploration."
"Don't mind him  hes fine"
"Oooh Nice.....WTF"
"My favorite gifs are Gifs that tell a story  share your best"
"An Indian Skipper Frog"
"Knife to meet you!"
"So then I said...."
"Aerodynamics"
"The science of crime"
"Hats"
"Whoa."
"Well that's suspicious"
"Veggy man is tired.."
"Vegan Porn (SFW)"
"I found reddit's coat"
"True Redditor"
"Kitten Coat"
"oh hey"
"Oh hai there"
"Tried taking a picture from my balcony when this guy flew past. Didn't realize I got him instead."
"Fuck your birthday  you bitch."
"Happy effing birthday"
"WUT A MEAN GRAMPA!!!! WOW!"
"Grandpa was always an asshole...(X-Post from r/wtf)"
"Just browsed random on imgur. This scared me more than it made me laugh."
"Oh Prince Charles! You so crazy!"
"Ninja attack cat."
"Catrate"
"I was scrolling through Facebook newsfeed when...."
"This was just texted to me by my sister. Idk what to think."
"I was looking for a halloween costume.. How was THIS at ALL relevant..?"
"Im a Box"
"Meanwhile at the Apple store ..."
"At the apple store"
"Just a regular day at the Apple Store..."
"Truly an Angry Bird."
"Moscow! Moscow!"
"How to confuse a redditor"
"expecting a picture? well  fuck your system"
"How the dinosaurs died"
"Mfw I get the top post on a small subreddit"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"David Stern just doing David Stern stuff"
"The only argument ever needed."
"I guess we'll never know who did it..."
"when I got my first upvote"
"Finding out that the hair in my shower was actually my roommates pubes"
"Steampunk Kitty"
"Industrial Kitty"
"Boss-cat is a total boss."
"[Request] Can someone please make this into 1920x1200 (x-post from r/trees)"
"70's cat."
"At the forefront of laser technology  science kitty."
"plane of the galaxy"
"My friend made a sandwich today..."
"One of the most profound quotes I have ever read."
"Whats going on in this aisle?"
"Since there's no Adult Entertainment store in my town  my wife and I go to the Home Depot."
"Must be a different type of hardware store."
"They see me rollin' They hatin'"
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'"
"When I get out of bed and realize its cold as a mf"
"They see me rollin'"
"They see me rollin' (x-post r/aww) - [4:04]"
"Picture me rollin'"
"They see me rollin"
"Keep Rollin Rollin Rollin Rollin YEAH"
"Keep Rollin Rollin Rollin Rollin YEAH!!"
"Sorry  Bin Laden"
"He went to Hyrule."
"I suddenly want a rocking chair..."
"Oh my God!"
"Quite like the old fashioned fold-chairs myself."
"What happens when I post something to Reddit."
"After finding a post that brightens your day"
"When you give your opinion on a discussion thread which happens to be in opposition to American schooling..."
"Colorful ants"
"Ants drinking colored water"
"It's been two years and I really don't remember anymore."
"^_^"
"Nature is smiling"
"Ahhhhhh….happy birds."
"Birds [pic]"
"Flying birds create smile in the air."
"How to fail a perception check"
"Oh Yeah  Back Up That Hard Drive  Owww"
"Amazing shuttle launch..."
"I'm tired of looking at photos of Endeavor's empty shell flying around. This is by far the best shot of the shuttle."
"Peeing like a boss!"
"Trying to piss with a boner"
"I want to see this movie"
"Saving bad luck Brian"
"Ink Birds"
"-.-"
"I just upvoted everyone who ever posted this marvelous link (including me)."
"Late night and hungry... We all know what trip we must take!"
"I'll just leave this here.."
"A small summary of how i feel on &quot;No Fap September&quot;"
"El Chupacabra"
"When I order food from a restaurant and mine arrives before my girlfriend's."
"Cravin' me some tacos."
"Stahp"
"look at that"
"I think my 11 year old sister just had her first period. (NSFW / gore)"
"This is my friend every time we say a curse word around him"
"r/spacedicks"
"I think my 11 year old sister just got her first period! (NSFW/GORE)"
"/r/spacedicks"
"Looking at all the comments in r/gonewild... even as an Atheist"
"Me while reading the comments of GW [FIXED]"
"Picture of an ex-drug cartel's dismembered body getting sexually assaulted by a dog wearing a horse mask while other cartel members stand around ejaculating. NSFW"
"When you think about it  that's a pretty smart spider"
"Nopelers."
"The Decline of Civilization"
"The many stages of philosophy! (X-post from /r/philosophy)"
"I forgot to turn the stopwatch on my phone off...for a very  very long time."
"So yea.... i kept my stopwatch going without me knowing....."
"I think i've waited long enough to cash this in"
"Forgot I had started this. Went to set an alarm and came to this."
"My Mile Times Vary a Little Bit."
"After 4-5 years the stopwatch on my iPod Touch started going backwards."
"Until the day the phone dies  this will keep going."
"Beautiful Awakening"
"Jawfish mouth brooding eggs until they hatch."
"male jawfish mouthbrooding eggs until they hatch"
"What is this  I don't even. (SFW)"
"What the US uniforms should have been (fixed)"
"What the US uniforms should have been [FIXED]"
"Go home snail  you are drunk"
"Long exposure of fireflies before dark [x-post r/pics] [1280x854]"
"Long exposure of fireflies just before dark"
"This room. I want it."
"Minimalist loft bedroom [446 x 700]"
"Mad at yourself for bringing that fat chick home last night? Never again!"
"A place we all wish we could live...[Fixed]"
"i love this villages name"
"His chokehold was so manly he instantly grew a moustache."
"Missing Stapler"
"A Boy and his pet"
"When I hear my roommate getting spanked during sex with her boyfriend..."
"It's okay to be Takei"
"A repost?"
"Balancing Things On Highly Trained Pet"
"Lichtenberg scar"
"Wrong neighborhood"
"Good luck"
"This will be me while I'm at camp for the next 2 weeks"
"i don't even know what to say..."
"Goddamnit Katie..."
"Seriously katie  come on."
"If you're blue... (xpost from r/punny)"
"How I feel when I get a downvote"
"When I am told about celebrity news"
"My reaction to hate comments on a 100+ karma post"
"How I feel when I get a downvote"
"I apologize if this is a repost  but it's looks like Drake has set Darwinism into motion."
"I was told you guys might enjoy this. (cross post from /r/funny)"
"Guy brags about his bad driving and tweeted YOLO before dying:"
"YOLO [FIXED]"
"YOLO!"
"Where's Jesus? Have you found him?"
"Would love to see this at the Olympics  a true qwop."
"How I run in my dreams"
"How many cops..."
"Bad Guy Cop."
"I finally found some facebook gold on my newsfeed this morning."
"The Doctor's so fresh (hope this isn't a repost)"
"I think these go together well"
"Groovin'"
"How i imagine the doctor going about life"
"Finally  my thoughts can be expressed in a photo."
"No matter how you do something  there's an Asian that does it more efficiently."
"I decided to compile all of my info/how-to pictures..... enjoy (NSFW because of some unsavory how-to's)"
"Huge compilation of info/how-to pics (x-post from r/pics)"
"Here is all of the info again Reddit (Now free of things that could get me in trouble and with twice as much stuff as an apology)"
"Yoda Yoda Yoda"
"Dumblestep"
"Not sure what to call it  but I feel like it would make a decent meme."
"SHIT IT MOVED SHIT SHIT SHIT"
"OH SHIT! haha - poor dog"
"Just in case you need Portable Knife Holders"
"Sorry!"
"Well that makes up for everything  doesn't it?"
"OH YEAH!"
"Wait  what?"
"Checkmate Atheists! (xpost 4chan)"
"Why hello!"
"How I feel browsing the recent Fetish thread"
"Doing our best to educate good"
"Ninja &amp; Yolandi: Family"
"Can’t stop watching…"
"Benders"
"Benders [X-post from r/gifsounds]"
"Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne circa 1987"
"I don't think Facebook really gets memes"
"If your friends don't hate you yet try this."
"Don't Watch Scary Movies..."
"Kumar couldn't understand why no one would shake his hand."
"That looks a little unhealthy  if you ask me.."
"The idiocy of fundies is amazing (FB)"
"For the nerdy Prostitutes"
"T-Rex shoes!"
"T-rex shoes"
"My solution to the Zombie attacks in Miami"
"As a Floridian I would like to do this for the benefit of the American people."
"Back to School"
"Nap Time"
"A tuckered out koala"
"Whore kitty."
"ROFL"
"ROFL"
"Roflmao"
"This showed up in my facebook news feed (possible repost)"
"ERMAGERD! PERTY HERD!"
"Drunk girls are so sessy!"
"The Hokey Pokey  as written by William Shakespeare."
"An ant pushing a water droplet."
"I guess I'll just put this right here..."
"There! That should hold it."
"Pinch"
"Just a pinch"
"R2D2 Buckethead"
"Made the most sense."
"Someone mentioned it was a bass."
"R2-Funk2"
"Tracy Morgan: Reddit's hero"
"Darth Rae Jepsen"
"Reddit reminds me subtly about my sex life."
"Jim Gaffigan  perfectly describing my dieting habits."
"I couldn't agree more"
"Always be yourself"
"xpost /r/gggg"
"Explain to me how the two police officers walked away from this accident unharmed? CUZ THEY DID!"
"When a girl loses her top on a water slide."
"Watching Prometheus with the GF and her friend"
"Admit it. Most men on sexist jokes."
"my favourite gif"
"Crack"
"it's true you can't"
"WAIT! It's dangerous out there  take one of these"
"3 for the price of 1 jackpot"
"Success kid.jpg"
"Success"
"Win of the day."
"That escalated quickly."
"Drinking Problem"
"Scar the Rug"
"Anyone else notice this?"
"TIL what happened to Scar after Simba threw him off the mountain"
"Whenever I submit a link"
"Finally think you've made a karma worthy post"
"The first 5 minutes after posting anything"
"The first 5 minutes after posting anything (x-post funny)"
"A dolphin!"
"Mmm bacon fries"
"Wait till Ernie sits down"
"She probably needs dual action Colgate...."
"After one year on Reddit  I think I know how this works"
"I couldn't resist..."
"Soooo this just came up on my fb"
"Saw this on fb"
"My reaction when I saw a group of girls discussing who they friendzoned."
"Who says batcat?"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Harsh humour in Scotland"
"Harsh Humour in Scotland"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn.."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Laughing Idi Amin"
"They're so cute when they're that age"
"My reaction when someone tells me the universe is fine-tuned."
"MFW people tell me that &quot;Humans have something special&quot;"
"Being drunk on reddit"
"When a friend of mine proclaims he is very independent  although his parents brought him a car  along with paying for his uni tuition."
"My reaction when someone tries to troll..."
"When I get an A on a book report for a book I didn't read"
"When i saw that top two posts today on r/gif are butts."
"My reaction after my first post with +10 Upvotes"
"Jesus Dog"
"Oh you stupid dog...."
"Every single morning"
"The Circle of Life"
"I became a superhero last night"
"How fucking bad-ass is this cat?"
"Bat Problem?"
"Share this with 10 other people or else..."
"You've been warned."
"How anyone being interviewed should respond ..."
"When my mom starts her daily &quot;you need to get your college apps done and apply to ten schools&quot; rant"
"Just a tiny pig."
"Lake in Norway [1280 x 840]"
"Norway"
"Mmmh...Steak."
"You gonna eat that?"
"The Japanese Spider Crab"
"Don't mess with this.."
"This isn't even my final form"
"A True Gentleman on a Segway"
"A True Gentleman rides a Segway"
"Popped up on my Facebook...Like a Sir."
"A message for those who troll r/gifs for karma..."
"When I see something from the front page of Reddit  on Tumblr  with a tit-load of reblogs"
"When someone leaves the box in the pantry with nothing in it"
"How I feel when I'm trying to battle someone and they keep switching their pokemon in and out"
"How I feel when people tell me I shouldnt smoke"
"When my opponent uses a potion."
"Hey look what I found!"
"As a Swiss  after reading that the USA places us on the black list for having insufficient internet piracy laws..."
"5 years later  and we're still doing this for fun."
"ammo"
"Floatin alone"
"Amazing Ocean View"
"Ahhhhhhhhh!"
"Hungry Turtle"
"OM NOM NOM"
"This contract is sealed"
"Happy Birthday Jesus!"
"H-H-Haaaappy B-B-Biiiirthdaaaay..."
"Birthday skeleton"
"And a one and a two and a.."
"One and a two..."
"And a one and a two..."
"Dubcat"
"I don't even know"
"How I feel when I have to perform piano anywhere"
"Strawbs."
"HAHAHA this made my day xD"
"P. diddy vs $1401"
"Not all spiders are scary"
"The rare AwwNope"
"The rare AwwNope"
"Arachanine"
"I was having a bad day...until I found this"
"I say!"
"This makes me smile =)"
"We need more .gifs"
"Uh...no?"
"He really does (warning: spider)!"
"I fucking love cocaine."
"Wow..."
"I need this."
"Kids movies can be really funny."
"Nots"
"r/funny has officially turned into one of two things. A forwarded email from my mom  or a forwarded email from my 6 year old nephew."
"Every night before my birthday."
"Back to school supplies.. ummmmmm"
"What Every Kid Needs..."
"Nice view"
"Guess who shaves?"
"What are they seeing?"
"Just getting an abortion"
"Started playing Trine 2."
"that feel going through /r/ just to find loads of awesome bands you didn't know about"
"So today I reinstalled my favorite game of all time. The Elder Scrolls IV... Oblivion"
"Dinner Time"
"If it fits  I sits... and I eats!"
"I... I don't even know what to call this."
"I tried for five minutes and couldn't come up with a title for this..."
"What in the actual..."
"A super messed up version of Mario Kart's red shell.."
"For the forever alone"
"Forever alone."
"Forever alone towel."
"My face when I hear a bad pun"
"Fresh Prince"
"Fresh Prince of Hair"
"A mini horse in the Apple store"
"thank you old man"
"Humanity on display in Japan"
"How I feel being a police officer working Sundays."
"How I feel as a police officer working on Sunday."
"How I feel working a Sunday early morning as a police officer."
"This just got far."
"Awwwwwww"
"Breakfast in bed"
"Don't sleep where you eat"
"Dude cut me in line  nobody said a thing..."
"Just like Rocky"
"Great parenting"
"WeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeUUPH!"
"Another nominee for dad of the year"
"Pop corn"
"I guess now guys can say that they're actually 'pitching a tent.' NSFW"
"It aint gonna suck itself"
"Nope"
"Squidward hates our generation"
"Does anyone play an instrument? [FIXED]"
"When they know they did something they shouldn't have"
"A wish put to good use."
"What the summer sale is doing to my wallet..."
"My new favorite gif"
"Dog v vacuum Cleaner."
"Bahama Bobby"
"bobby's hips dont lie."
"Marlon Brando. Dear lord."
"When my Grama tells me I look handsome."
"First date in 2.5 years  this is how I feel about how it went..."
"Like a boss..."
"Like a boss..."
"This guy knows how to climb. (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"But but how did you do that...?? Climbing [GIF]"
"How I feel when my posts are up voted into the double digits"
"Christian Logic"
"I think I need to slow down on the RP purchases for awh-NO REGRETS."
"Is this a coincidence or..."
"Small world"
"Look at this coincidence"
"I love little coincidences like this."
"You've found each other!"
"It's like it was meant to be!"
"Reddit did it again..."
"We must unite these Redditors!"
"Something awesome just happened."
"It's beautiful when it happens"
"reddit"
"Reddit Gold"
"If I can get these two to meet..."
"full circle"
"perfection!"
"This was planned for the karma."
"Found these to links on my computer. I upvoted them."
"Two redditors at Dave and busters"
"reddit is a small world after all."
"You guys should be friends."
"I wonder which redditor it could have b... Oh  great."
"...im sure it's a coincidence"
"How convenient for you two"
"Looks like you guys found each other!"
"Love it when this sort of thing happens"
"i hope they saw this."
"Probably a coincidence"
"I love it when this happens..."
"I gasped when I saw the coincidence"
"One Redditor helping out another"
"Cute  guys. Real cute."
"Together as they should be"
"I love it when this happens."
"I suppose I might as well just hop on this karma train."
"there is no escape"
"Pretty much summed it up."
"The right path"
"For the people that say there is no I in team"
"So it is There!"
"So this popped up on my facebook feed."
"The 'I' in ream"
"There is an &quot;I&quot; in &quot;TEAM&quot;"
"I in team"
"Love at first sight."
"Totally doing that dance in front of my computer right now."
"I fink ur freeky and I liek u a lot"
"It's Your Birthday"
"no title is good enough for this gif..."
"Dance Party"
"90's Photo Bomb"
"When my cat sees my stomach while I'm sleeping."
"Pusheethoven"
"Maximum power!"
"Life used to be so much more dynamic in the womb"
"An RC quadcopter that streams a live feed from a camera on it  and is controlled by a smartphone - Shut up and take my money!"
"Shut up and take my money."
"Dirty old man"
"give me twenty dollars"
"straight outta hobbiton"
"BAD ROCK"
"DOWN BOY!!"
"Pet Rock"
"BAD ROCK"
"Bad Rock!"
"Saw this floating around on /r/Christianity"
"Ketchup never comes out  but when it does..."
"How I feel when I ask my girlfriend how her day went."
"Happens every time I try to get the ketchup out..."
"Every time I just want a little ketchup...."
"First time masturbating in over a month..."
"How I feel after &quot;No fap February&quot; [SFW]"
"Oh god  I hate when this happens"
"How I imagine Reddit after no Fap September"
"I Think They Meant To Say Rope."
"every fat guy's motto"
"Your turn  hipsters."
"You really don't. Bacon is all you need."
"Just because..."
"I don't want to live in a world without PS"
"I have never seen snow in person  I am going to experience it for the first time in my life this year. I expect my reaction to be somewhat like this."
"How to cool off in few seconds."
"Follow meeeeeeeee!"
"Lagging Dog"
"Lagging Dog"
"Yakety Dog Sledding"
"uhhhh"
"Meme party! [REPOST found on desktop!]"
"You have to love Halloween.."
"When You're Bored"
"Man hit in head by... dildo.."
"Most offensive costume this year?"
"Your move..."
"Wat"
"I'll protect you."
"Mein Kat"
"Doesn't take &quot;no&quot; for an answer"
"A simple  easy example that even kids can understand."
"Science vs. Religion explained with bunnies"
"Scientific bunny  dogmatic bunny"
"The tables have turned..."
"My personal favorite face-swap"
"My favorite face swap."
"Best Faceswap"
"Scariest Face swap"
"in a parallel universe..."
"Somewhere In A Parallel Universe"
"Best head swap ever?"
"Gun Control"
"The numbers might be a little skewed  but the impact is the same."
"When I saw the Bill Nye AMA"
"Whenever I don't have to wear a condom because she's on birth control"
"I didn't think /r/bowling would appreciate it"
"/r/funny told me to put this here."
"Baby Pandas on a slide!"
"I laughed harder than I should have"
"How I picture old ladies when they cop a feel on me."
"The only thing left at Seaside Heights  New Jersey *FIXED*"
"Nice Bike...NSFW"
"When Hairy met Sally [NSFW]"
"How I feel browsing reddit drunk"
"Noticing today was my cakeday."
"How I felt as a Brisbanian at the end of Adventures in Magic Kingdom Episode 1"
"Spying cat is spying."
"Soon"
"KERCHERP ERN MERSTERD!"
"I'm ready  I'm ready  I'm ready  I got this  I'm ready. Dang it."
"Fucking QWOP"
"Always makes me laugh"
"he is going to be a champ one day"
"My spellcheck stopped working while I was writing a long email  felt like this."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on &quot;atheist&quot; vs. &quot;agnostic&quot;"
"I MOUNT MY PLATYPUS"
"Look closely"
"Morrissey  WTF are you doing?!"
"TIL I can dunk it even if my milk is low"
"While we're on the subject of Oreos  I found this genius feat of engineering AKA &quot;Why didn't I think of that?&quot;"
"This has changed my life."
"I wonder how he approached them to take this picture?"
"I'd like to think the teacher knew what she was doing when she assigned groups"
"Most brutal villain in video game history [FIXED]"
"I present to you Vemin Supreme  2012 Presidential candidate. Promises a free pony for every american if elected and money for time travel research."
"Kitty is not pleased."
"First world cat problems."
"This prank sucks  but it works..."
"If I knew this was going to happen in Australia I would've posted sooner."
"Darn  now I have to be productive..."
"It's all I had to do... Why? Why would this happen?"
"I was out all day today  coming home to this made me sad."
"Worst Picture ever"
"Ultimate studio / office"
"Tap me on the shoulder or something"
"Just.... Stop whenever...."
"I don't know why this is so funny"
"Just be like  &quot;stop.&quot;"
"I think Stephen likes his Reddit mug."
"Stephen Colbert with a reddit mug. That's all."
"He's one of us now!"
"Everytime I'm at a buffet"
"[Fixed] The Best Rap Album Cover of All Time"
"Actually THIS is possibly the best rap album cover of all time."
"Just another normal day at the beach..."
"Tiny octopus"
"evolution of the alphabet"
"Evolution"
"Some people"
"Some People..."
"&quot;Be kind  because everybody is fighting a great battle.&quot; This fucking comic  man... gets me every time"
"Some people..."
"Swedish kids on Easter"
"I keep it real  muthafucka!"
"E-reader"
"Books 4 Life"
"keep it real"
"That's fucked up"
"so what country do we think?"
"When the title says &quot;My friend said Reddit might enjoy this  so this is my first post&quot;"
"When I look out the window thinking it's June..."
"When any girl says she can drink as much as you"
"The synonymous reaction to 95% of all deaths on online shooters"
"The synonymous reaction to 95% of all deaths on online shooters"
"my reactions(in order) when a girl comes up to my room and says &quot;I don't feel like having sex tonight&quot;"
"This happens to the most of us."
"And then I—Oh. Look look at that."
"How to..."
"How to pick up"
"rapist... puppy."
"Aww  how cute...wait  what the fuck"
"You're gonna make love to me whether you like it or not!"
"It's called proof-reading..."
"It's called proof reading"
"Whip my hair back and forth"
"What is a boat wreck?"
"I get wet without even tryin'"
"When things get a little bumpy....bail"
"they hittin some turbulence"
"Partaaaay!"
"I Can't Stop"
"Party"
"I Get Knocked Down!"
"OMG story of my childhood."
"Louis CK being somewhat badass"
"Look Daddy  I'm a unicorn!"
"For my Cakeday  I present to you the first image I ever upvoted."
"Stumbled across this. There are no words."
"Click this post just because your OCD says you have to check every post. Plus  there's a Russian that I'm sure some retard will scream repost at inside."
"WTF would be the reason for doing this?"
"This will make your eyes bleed"
"I must go  my people need me."
"uhhh (NSFW)"
"2 Girls 1 Octopus (NSFW)"
"Yeah...this definitely belongs here [NSFW]"
"Dance you sea creature  DANCE"
"I was playing Imgur Roulette....I'll just leave this here."
"Just watering the Octopus NSFW"
"2 girls one octopus 0.o"
"I'm all for piercings but that's just too many..."
"Yumm...."
"Some really brilliant ads here.."
"Books back in the day certainly were more straight to the point..."
"Worth 35 cents"
"This is Benito Mussolini's headquarters during WWII..."
"My friend's exorcist cat"
"Unorthodox drinking style"
"What is the worst gift you've ever received?"
"so maybe my life isn't that bad."
"Well  that's a pretty shitty gift alright."
"This cat is a true ninja"
"The only cat related GIF I can respect"
"Just a cat  being cool  and cute!"
"Kitty Jump in SLOW-MO!"
"Rules of the road"
"Bane's Auto Wash"
"Took me 20 minutes but I finally made this on my windshield. Tell me what you think!"
"It's the only way to destroy it"
"There are no breaks.."
"0.o"
"The original Redditor"
"How i feel browsing r/aww"
"After one year on Reddit  this is how I see things now."
"no barrel  i insist  after you"
"It was meant to be."
"The way to a ballers heart..."
"I'd like to know which type of fries..."
"THIS IS STARCRAFT  THIS IS ESPORTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"How I feel browsing r/new"
"Browsing /r/new"
"Lunch at college.. Every Day."
"How a man eats at the office."
"Sweet Dreams Reddit"
"Hey atheists..."
"Like a bus"
"Bus like a Boss."
"I wish I could have done this in traffic last night (went to see the fireworks)"
"How I feel as a delivery driver with a sign on top of my car"
"Like a Bus"
"I'm a bus"
"When I'm Late to Something Important"
"laughed for like ten minutes....enjoy"
"The goat made me do it"
"yummy"
"Salvador Dali's Sesame Street"
"O"
"Well  so much for sleeping tonight..."
"I just...I can't...some help? Anyone know what this is?"
"I replace guns in film stills with NES Zappers."
"Gabe..."
"How Colorado and Washington look to the rest of the world."
"So that's why HL3 is taking so long! (x-post from r/trees)"
"Most important thing to think about today."
"Saw these two pictures next to each other in a CPR instruction handbook  I couldn't resist"
"You're Next!"
"NBA Orchestra"
"Photoshopping instruments onto basketball players yields entertaining results."
"Still one of my favourite photoshops"
"My response when trying to read through a 500+ comment post."
"amazing building!"
"Fits perfectly"
"Riding a horse when you're 6"
"F-Flareon?"
"It should be mandatory to change lanes like this"
"Changing lanes like a boss"
"I lol'd"
"Saw this on my FB feed. Right in my fucking childhood."
"ABC News &amp;"
"Barbie cake"
"Kitten with broken leg squeezes under door..."
"There is a cat in this gif."
"Perseverance"
"UPDATE on the guy that is preforming surgery on himself"
"Hold up..."
"1337 5p45k"
"Sandy we are ready for you bitch"
"Sleep  little pups."
"Dover High School Detention Notice"
"Literal bible-thumping (X-post from r/wtf) (sfw  I swear)"
"I'm Jesus  Bitch"
"Ladies and gentlemen  the Houston Astros"
"Saw this on theChive the other day."
"The absolute worst"
"You had one job!!!"
"Obama-chan"
"So kawaii~"
"Who the fuck would make this? I don't even.."
"I found this on my Facebook feed..."
"Meanwhile at the White House"
"One of the most awesome pics of Paris I've seen!"
"The best thing to happen on the Internet. Yup  Reddit will love this."
"Found this on FB  not sure if I'd go watch it for laughs.."
"Me on the dance floor at an [8]"
"Wait  you can't really train a dog to do that  right?"
"Some of the classiest people in industry."
"It honestly doesnt get more classy than this"
"The sexiest pic ever."
"You definitely didn't expect that."
"I can't take anybody seriously that says &quot;Reddit Army&quot; because this is what I think of [FIXED]"
"My saturday night plans."
"Cursor Disco."
"How to get money from rich people."
"Oprah likes to give"
"How I Feel After A Nice  Relaxing day"
"I don't know who you are.."
"Mario Taken"
"Ignore if you want to be raped in the ass with a coat hanger by nicholas cage while listening to nickelback."
"What Facebook has been for the past few months."
"Facebook is getting a little intense now-a-days."
"Why do things like this exist?"
"This is how I use my twitter account"
"Abandoned Tracks"
"In a situation like this I ask..."
"Some Road Workers Taking Time Off To Play A Game"
"tic tac toe"
"Should I be worried about my mom..."
"My throne."
"Looking to redecorate?"
"have a seat..."
"Boy  that escalated quickly."
"Professor Oak ;)"
"Do you pee in the shower?"
"Medical Advice"
"Medical advances"
"The only thing I think when I see this pic about &quot;simple times&quot;"
"Things were so much easier back then..."
"My reaction to the recent scientology Iama"
"Every 'Facebook Gem' Post Ever."
"When someone finds someone they know on r/gonewild"
"When my bed eats the remote control"
"When i drop something small on the floor"
"Get Well Soon! [PIC]"
"Fantasy Football"
"Fantasy Football"
"This is what I imagine it will be like if Santorum is elected President"
"If creationism was taught in school"
"Why is this so cool to me? [Fixed]"
"Jesus explains how the Gospels were written."
"A Christian singer just posted this. He gets it."
"Oh Ricky."
"NDT on the harvest moon"
"Decided you guys would enjoy this"
"Halloween Emergencies"
"Canadian's outlook on their tsunami headed to Hawaii."
"Starbucks"
"Love this guy on twitter!"
"This is the twitter account of the year  all his tweets are this great"
"Am I the only one who see's it?"
"test your might"
"Sweet Cats"
"Who Said It? Mitt Romney or Mr. Burns?"
"i would still do it though"
"Just another white girl problem"
"The Dear Leader"
"So I googled &quot;North Korea is Best Korea&quot; and this picture caught my eye.."
"Still Cracks me up."
":("
"I'll dance with you for an upvote  sure."
"Aw skeet skeet"
"Not bad /aww edition"
"Just me browsing r/science."
"How i feel browsing r/Atheism everyday"
"My kind of advertisement"
"Pool Shark"
"Friend as a Baby"
"This is my favorite picture. I can't look at it without laughing."
"Sunset on Mars"
"My entire childhood nostalgia-fied."
"So I played this game today. I'm in college and I still couldn't beat it. Fuck you Zoombinis."
"I'm genuinely interested in whether anyone remembers playing THIS as a kid."
"Un-Jailbreaking you phone."
"FINISH HIM!"
"Taking a photo with a non-smartphone"
"Jesus Loves Me (C&amp;H)"
"make up your mind"
"at the local asian market"
"Censorship Tells The Wrong Story"
"Steve Urkel's 2 girls 1 cup reaction video"
"What I see and smell while using my waterpik after a few days of not using it."
"Me  a girl  at the strip club for the first time"
"Just mfw browsing GW"
"My face when looking at the different types of porn on a site."
"My reaction every time I visit this subreddit"
"lying suspect in L.A. Noire"
"I wish my cat loved me like this"
"Someday I'll be a unicorn"
"President Obama's new campaign poster"
"Reminds me when I had my first two litter of kittens."
"The feeling when I break out the last roll of toilet paper..."
"How I view the last day of summer vacation"
"How it feels today"
"I think my brain just imploded."
"Remember that he/she loves you"
"Please read before buying a dog:"
"- Enjoying a Corona on my roof deck with some good friends here in San Francisco"
"My Precious!!"
"Up  up and away!"
"Up  up and away!"
"Would You Like To Ride..."
"How it feels posting to reddit..."
"Houston  we have liftoff."
"We have liftoff"
"How I felt after deleting my facebook and joining reddit."
"when i moved from facebook to reddit"
"This stuffed lion can still be viewed in a Swedish castle  it was a gift that died and was later stuffed by a taxidermist who had never seen a lion. He winged it... Note the large flat teeth that the lion uses to grind flesh off its' prey."
"When i got my first computer"
"My face when I drink tequila"
"Whose job is also like this?"
"How was YOUR day?"
"My Life"
"I feel like this sometimes"
"Life."
"Surprise!"
"Not sure if midget or footlong."
"Henry Sheen"
"This makes my laugh every time I look at it!"
"Cocaine Is One Helluva Drug"
"Henry finally admits he has a problem..."
"Cocaine..."
"Oh Henry  you really need to get some help"
"Totally relevant gif for my Cake Day!"
"After pouring a bowl of cereal and my mom tells me we're out of milk"
"The cutest spider ever"
"only 90's kids will get this"
"When my dad tells me to get a job"
"This subreddit has a disturbing lack of ducks."
"To all posts containing the phrases &quot;Am I doing it right?&quot; and &quot;nailed it&quot; and all your fucking puns:"
"How I feel when a meme is being overused."
"The worst idea ever. (xpost from r/pics)"
"This is brilliant"
"Oak Alley Plantation. Vacherie  Louisiana."
"Destrehan Plantation  New Orleans"
"Where can I buy one of these?"
"Quite possibly the greatest Craigslist car ad EVER. Ran into this while looking for a car in my area."
"Bitches love dudes in Grand Ams"
"A model for all car ads (x-post from comments)"
"Are YOU man enough to handle a car this flawless??"
"Jesus tap-dancing Christ  it's the only way to sell a used Pontiac"
"The Difference"
"Reddit and 4chan"
"Don't deny it."
"Browser Wars"
"Browser wars. Toughest battle known to man.."
"Aaaand then there's Internet Explorer..."
"please let me in"
"Even dogs like Shaggy"
"If you do this... fuck you"
"nice view of a launch on the cape"
"1984 Discovery Launch"
"They see me rollin... (gif)"
"As a Canadian  how I will feel about the results of the U.S.A election."
"Murica!"
"When want to play with my best buddy"
"don't mess with me!"
"Me just wants to play"
"Ninja Cat Saves the Day"
"I'll just leave this right here."
"Dancing Cat"
"The Evolution of the Simpsons"
"meanwhile in russia.."
"That looks safe"
"Classic &quot;US reaction to 9/11&quot; video."
"My reaction to half the people in my labs."
"Next time someone taps me on the shoulder..."
"How I feel when someone asks questions at the end of class."
"Where's my fucking oil?"
"No more fun for you then."
"Just withdrawing some upvotes from the karma ATM..."
"Why I browse Reddit..."
"A tattoo help you learn"
"A tattoo help you learn"
"Dancing goose and pigeons  what is this from? (Tinyeye found nothing)"
"Goose Rap"
"why i don't have kids [gif]"
"Nightime...Daytime!"
"Last seconds of a high school student."
"No Longer Funny in 3... 2..."
"A tiger's stare."
"He will always be the best boss"
"It's so fluffy!"
"Applicable to almost everything on r/aww"
"As a guy who's hair is getting longer than intended..."
"What a lovely day!"
"Out for a stroll"
"Can't tell if 'puppy eyes' or 'kill me now eyes'"
"i am the liquor"
"Red Panda"
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful (PIC)"
"Nuggitz be crispy"
"Wendy's SON"
"Just some words from Woody Allen"
"A backwards life"
"My reaction when someone says they don't like hotdogs..."
"My reaction when I saw that I got exactly 100 karma"
"My face when someone replied to one of my comments with &quot;Happy Cake Day!&quot;"
"MFW I posted some shit comment and saw it was my cake day"
"When I realized I got nearly 300 karma for a random comment I made..."
"That moment I realized all of my friends are super conservative"
"MY reaction when I found out the guys at my gym are redditors."
"New friends?"
"Firing a gun underwater"
"This is what a gun firing underwater looks like"
"A dog.... What the fuck?"
"I stayed home tonight  drank grapefruit juice  ate Cheetos and watched Breaking Bad. Here's a pic of my costume."
"Where does it end? (NSFW)"
"Wow  that's a tall tower... WHAT [NSFW]"
"jessica Alba Finger Sucking"
"I do love storms"
"Everyday when I come home from work."
"public transportation"
"My kind of corporate meeting!"
"That's a fucking nuff  Facebook retards..."
"Facebook: &quot;Like if you love Oreos&quot;"
"Well.. That escalated quickly.."
"Got this today trying to load a page"
"I got this after refreshing Happy Wheels"
"Well.....this was unexpected....."
"Found on Twitter  belongs here."
"Simple and true."
"God's existence vs Spider-man's existence."
"What matters isn't that you got out  it's that you TRIED"
"Tuts Mah Barreh (Please  don't throw eggs at me.)"
"Ride my pony"
"I touch myself..."
"I don't normally post to Reddit  but when I do I shit gold."
"This is probably a repost but it still gets me every time."
"Walrus on Sax"
"Party rock in the house tonight"
"Ever partied like an animal?"
"This is how me and my SO dance together when we are home alone."
"What is black or white"
"Calvins process for writing papers"
"Calves can be cute too."
"Happy Birthday  you brilliant bastard."
"The greatest fashion accessory of the '90s"
"Taken"
"Dubai... just wow"
"Really Harry?"
"Oh My God Harry!"
"How I feel when I cash my paycheck"
"How the dinosaur extinction really happened"
"bill nye"
"Nimbus cloud through an airplane window"
"Airplane view of rain"
"Rain storm viewed from a plane"
"Super"
"My brains default thought"
"Barack Obama talking to a pirate"
"&quot;I have the weirdest boner right now&quot;"
"As A virgin here on reddit  this happens whenever I see something hot."
"A hot chick likes one of your photos..."
"[4realz] I didn't gain much muscle from this cycle of D-AA and Triazole  but apparently my nuts grew enough to not be contained by some of my briefs. Gif is what I expected people's reactions to be."
"How I act whenever a harsh remark occurs"
"When someone tells me they have never seen the film white chicks"
"My reaction when I realized classes start Monday"
"My Reaction when I lost £50 playing Roulette last night."
"Baby Ben Bernanke practices for next week"
"rack city"
"Every payday"
"Fronds..."
"Like a boss."
"This made me a little dizzy"
"Mindfuck level: infinite"
"Magnus 2012!"
"Silly Magnus..."
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"raccoon harp player"
"What I think this is"
"Tranquil."
"Classical Raccoon (Ave Maria)"
"My first Gif sound-Raccoon playing harp."
"I had to create this when I saw the original Gif"
"Raccoon plays water harp."
"This is what I think I look like when I play the HARP!"
"Sprinkler music"
"Quick  give this raccoon a harp!"
"What the  I don't even... [NSFW]"
"them boobs"
"Side boob? Nah - UNDERBOOB! [NSFW]"
"wat?"
"2 guys being complete tits!"
"Fucking autocorrect..."
"Airplane Mode"
"Ice Cream?"
"In the beginning..."
"Can't argue with that logic... [Fb]"
"Disciprin."
"Just clowning around"
"push  please?"
"Lvl. 100 Pikachu (x-post)"
"Level 100 Pikachu"
"Da hell was that?!?"
"DAFUQ!!"
"Pugsley comes to the numbing reality that everybody lies... To their pets"
"Oh my fucking god!!"
"Reddit we need to find this bastard. Stop him before he kills this or some other animals."
"Fuck this guy"
"I would definitely wear this sweater."
"If I had a Christmas sweater this cool I would wear it year round:"
"So I should send the Wife?"
"everytime i see a couple argue."
"Yahoo answers does it again."
"Fool me once  shame on you. Fool me twice  prepare to die."
"FUCK"
"A dog standing on hamburgers"
"This is not an alternative for proper footwear."
"I noticed something magical about the Canadian $5 bill"
"Where is this?"
"Armful of kittens"
"When someone downvotes my post/ pictures."
"Googled why people hate Nickelback  was not disappointed."
"What I expect when I stay out of fights."
"Scumbag Luigi"
"Ill just lean on this wall here..."
"Blake  Ders  and..... wait a second"
"Much like buttholes  families are meant to be tight. (Diversity Edition)"
"Gaston is hungry"
"Oh god no..."
"you're doing it wrong."
"Blasphemy"
"Blasphemy"
"Awww Yeah! Tacos Bitches!!!"
"Control-her"
"When my favorite song comes on at the Club/Bar"
"Viking Euphoria"
"But WHY ?!?!?!"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"I'm so glad this dog exists"
"Tibetan Mastiff doesn't give a fuck."
"Tibetan Mastiff"
"look at me"
"If my post doesn't get 10 upvotes in the first 10 minutes."
"Olympics ending? No more sexiness from women's water polo? Guess I won't be needing this anymore."
"When I visited r/spaceclop after seeing the post about someone visiting r/spaceclop"
"what ya readin?"
"Fuck Yeah Rush Hour"
"when my link gets 15 or more karma."
"How I feel whenever I get an upvote"
"Breath taking view of the Milky Way from Mars."
"Didn't see that coming..."
"Well...same to you Mr Rogers"
"Cannot. Stand. The. Awwwwwness."
"Windsurfing like a boss.....whoasshhhiii"
"I believe I can fly"
"Fly high!"
"I believe I can fly"
"he hit some turbulence!"
"Yeah he is."
"I must go..."
"Wind owns Windsurfer"
"Still makes me laugh after all this time!"
"Cristo Redentor"
"Because jesus is a retarded monkey"
"Mom jeans  not just for moms anymore..."
"My little brother just created what might be the best animated gif on the internet."
"Do the truffle shuffle"
"How I feel when I get downvoted at 30k karma"
"Alison Brie? Check. Kitten? Check. Front page? Oh yeah!"
"This classly toilet picture just appeared on my facebook newsfeed..."
"Welp  find a gem on Facebook finally..."
"At the National Gallery of Art Yesterday  Haters Gonna Hate"
"RandomGur  why did you do this to me? What did I ever do to you?"
"The WTF part is that someone thought this was a good idea worth photographing"
"I just want to quit life after seeing this. [NSFW. Possibly NSFL]"
"Everyone does it. NSFW"
"Parenting level: OVER 9000!!!"
"Once you see it...."
"Can you find Waldo?"
"When you see it..."
"And that's why I don't play games that include blindfolds"
"Three wolf moon... Reddit version."
"Cool guys don't look at explosions"
"Give a man a fish"
"Man standing on a pile of American Bison heads back in the 1870's."
"Mother of all shadows."
"Whenever someone calls Americans fat and lazy"
"No. 1 reason why I love to play Airhockey with chicks"
"Cool pic"
"Just some lightening and clouds"
"Well that's pretty damn terrifying."
"I present you the Mexican Twinkies. Submarinos"
"Not a single one given that day."
"Whenever I hurt myself in front of my friends"
"Like i give a fuck"
"Well  I've grown tired of this arm."
"A bright Hong Kong night"
"Absolutely Beautiful Picture of the Tokyo Skyline [2984x1278]"
"Hong Kong Skyline: It's amazing to think how many different people  stories and lifestyles are captured in this picture alone"
"That's it  book me a flight to Iceland."
"Dem eyes"
"When I try to introduce friends to Reddit..."
"Adalia the tank engine"
"The best age verification tool"
"NOW WE'RE IN LOVE!"
"Why would anybody agree to do this shit?"
"I have no words for this..."
"Why Japan why"
"So I gave knot-tying a shot today."
"Meanwhile...in Japan"
"Chicago skyline as seen from Indiana"
"Chicago skyline from Indiana"
"cutest thing ever"
"Now I feel safe"
"I call your big spoon prease and raise big spoon pready prease."
"I love my sleepin' buddy!"
"So I skyped for the first time last night  and I had this problem."
"Fuck Gravity!"
"When the GF suggests 69."
"How I feel when my lips start to get dry"
"I love the taste of a good lip."
"Martin Luther King going for the corner pocket"
"When I hear Mitt Romey flat out lying during a speech"
"All Glory to the Hypno Toad"
"All glory!"
"All glory to the Hypnotoad."
"Boulder Colorado"
"A true Redneck NASCAR Fan!"
"A True Redneck NASCAR fan!"
"Abandoned New York Subway station."
"TF2 in a nutshell."
"Like A Boss"
"Smooth Recovery"
"Just walk it off  bud."
"Tell me this doesn't turn you on"
"How I imagine Hitch must feel about all the peaceful and loving theists condemning him to hell right now."
"Horrible fate of all of us."
"The only thing I have worth putting in my will"
"It's over people  let it go."
"Spongebob is a fucking genius  literally[PIC]"
"Frozen Abiqua Falls  Oregon [1600x1280]"
"How do they do it in Britain"
"Crafting a glass horse"
"MFW I get out of school/work early"
"Why does this arouse me?"
"Now that pringles is the thing.."
"All the....Pringle ladies???"
"Pooh is my hero."
"My hero..."
"How I imagine it would be like to get on the front page"
"So a girl I had sex with awhile back just texted me saying I was the best she ever had...my reaction."
"How I feel when I give someone's post they're 1000th upvote"
"1 Month  99 Karma."
"When I receive my paycheck"
"Just found &quot;Incognito Window&quot; option."
"Gooby Pls!"
"We all know cats are cute  how about a not-so-ugly duckling?"
"INTERGALACTIC"
"Napoleon"
"Trippin' Kitten"
"is this reddit worthy?"
"How my childhood was..."
"Popsicle's"
"Goin' hard on the playground."
"You now realize it's a shovel."
"5000 x 4043 Pixels: Dubai  United Arab Emirates  on 4 January 2012"
"Boomerang Cat"
"Cat toss"
"I wish I had a cat that did this"
"How I watch a porno."
"Made you look"
"How i feel watching Justin Bieber fans and One Direction fans fight on youtube"
"How I feel hearing about Google going after Apple"
"That NSFL tag sure would come in handy right about now."
"Hit me Harry one more time"
"“I read this cover to cover. Absolutely no information on killing mocking birds.”"
"Boy he's going to be disappointed"
"You know you aren't the first ...."
"It's just so.. BEAUTIFUL"
"My reaction when I found out self-posts don't give Karma."
"This needs more support."
"Snoop Dogg in the Count's costume smoking a blunt."
"This is a hairless bear"
"Bet you've been waiting this time for a shaved bear huh"
"this is what a shaved black bear looks like."
"I see your shaved bunny and raise you a shaved bear..."
"A bear without hair."
"Yeah...so this is a hairless bear o.0"
"Fuck...that takes BALLS!!!"
"A simple misunderstanding"
"Now that it's October  there are only 3 ladies I really wanna see..."
"That moment you realize  you fucked up."
"Talent"
"Atlas"
"How I feel about most of my submissions."
"How to Ride a Bike"
"The more I watch it  the funnier it gets"
"Bear attacks man"
"cutest bear attack"
"Fail."
"Too shy? Buy yourself a pickup line"
"Little Buddy"
"We're sorry Mr. Buttons  we were unable to save your mother."
"Cutest puppy I've ever seen"
"SO.MUCH.CUTE."
"I JUST REALIZED THAT ITS MY CAKE DAY!!! DEPLOYING EMERGENCY PUPPIES!!!"
"Such a cutie"
"This. Is. Awesome."
"Honey  I'm home!"
"Sparring Wolves"
"OM NOM NOM"
"Oh. My. God. Yes."
"The superhero Reddit deserves (x-post from /r/aww)"
"To infinity  and beyond!"
"How I feel when the ball in brick breaker causes me to miss a power-up."
"The King of Class"
"reddit.com in a nutshell"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"When I saw this  I curled up in a ball and wiped a tear from my eye..."
"Woah...A squared plus B squared equals C squared"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"I know its cliche  but everytime I hear Hurricane Sandy...."
"How I feel after drinking too much and i can't tell whether to puke or drop mud"
"Just taking it all in"
"I would give up sex for this kitten."
"Always cheers me up!!"
"It's my cake day and I have nothing to post  so here's a picture of a cat."
"my face when I found out it was my cakeday"
"missed my cake day so heres a kitten"
"Beefeater"
"I never knew that Sloth from the Goonies had a son..."
"how I see 50 shades of grey"
"The safe word is mango"
"That's enough Internet for one day"
"Party time!"
"The Lion"
"I fucking LOVE baths."
"Oh hai there!"
"When no one texts me back"
"This would scare the shit out of me."
"Obama knows how to leave a press conference... like a boss."
"When my posts get down voted"
"The moment you finish taking the SAT."
"The astounding design of Eixample  Barcelona"
"Same height party"
"We had so much fun at-- wait! Animal Kingdom! Animal Kingdom!!"
"Perfect positioning."
"perfect framing!"
"screw disney land  I know where I'm going this year"
"Giraffes on a safari"
"Every time I get one upvote after an hour."
"What it feels like sitting in A&amp;E"
"Getting my first Upvote"
"Puns  bitch."
"Ha! It sure is Dog"
"What kind of construction do you do?"
"Saw a familiar face during Parks and Recreation season 3"
"overly manly man and ron swanson. yes."
"How to pick up chicks!!! Works every time!!!!"
"Cave Explorer!"
"Father and son"
"Enjoyable."
"God is watching us..."
"He isn't watching"
"Anybody remember those old Magic eye books?"
"Sexy"
"In honor of Shark Week.."
"I googled &quot;Most epic picture ever&quot;"
"Not Impressed"
"Has anyone noticed this? Lord of all downvotes"
"My dog knocked and the door to show me what he found."
"Dog brought his master a surprise home! (x-post from WTF)"
"My dog knocked and the door to show me what he found."
"Good day Mr toadstool"
"Knuffeltje Knuffel"
"KNUFFELTJE KNUFFEL?"
"\m/ (-_-) \m/"
"Mine and my friend's face during the last 30 minutes of The Dark Night Rises"
"Eh  just poking around with old .gifs"
"Reddit Today"
"Punch."
"Slo-Mo Left Hook"
"I don't... Even..."
"You guys want more WTF? I think I can help."
"WTF cat"
"So I heard that cats = upvotes ..."
"You've made me the happiest man in Texas..."
"I found this while perusing the internet. Thought it belonged here."
"The elves make snow..."
"Didn't expect that ending"
"The Manwich!"
"My reaction to my boyfriend trying to persuading me to post a picture of myself on gonewild"
"When I see my friend trying to get a girl"
"I feel like they didn't give one Avenger enough screen time.."
"wut."
"Fat guy vs. sunglasses: Part 3"
"Sweet Men in Black Dreams"
"I don't care how old this is  it still makes me laugh (First Post!)"
"Oh  The Huge Manatee!"
"Still my favorite picture on the Internet"
"How my nose feels when I have a cold"
"I told him Santa wasnt real..."
"If I could have ANY puppy.."
"Here's a dog in a baby swing"
"Worst robbery ever."
"Would be robber gets hit with folding chair"
"Like those old automatic piggy banks..."
"Mine!"
"You know it's true"
"Move to another car if your safety is threatened"
"Book  You Nasty"
"How I feel as Muslim when I hear about what is going on in the Middle East..."
"How I feel as Muslim when I hear about what is going on in the Middle East"
"Nailed it"
"This monkey has a penis face"
"Meet the newly identified species of African monkey  Lesula."
"Slumber Party Court"
"OOOOOOOH"
"Slumber Party Court"
"This has to be one of my favourite web comics ever."
"Unfortunately  these men and women are not fathers and daughters  they are husbands and wives."
"Mama said there'll be days like this..."
"Sorry to PUNish you all...."
"Jack cried Crocodile."
"Free hugs anyone?"
"With all these duck pictures going around  I'd like to present a monkey with a toy duck!"
"In 1998  when Titanic took over Star Wars at the box office  Lucas sent Cameron this."
"Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office in 1998"
"I knew I recognized her from somewhere"
"Surprise!"
"Tag  you're it [X-Post r/gifs]"
"Tag  you're it!"
"At the club"
"Nut up or shut up."
"What doesn't kill you"
"Photobomb"
"I got me some fucking flowers  awwww yeah..."
"Ecstatic hamptster"
"Just found this happy little guy"
"Yay  flowers!!"
"Funny little guy..."
"Interesting"
"Lend me a hand"
"Never-ending hands [gif]"
"Meanwhile in India."
"Don't look over there baby.."
"Meanwhile in India (xpost from r/india)"
"BWWWAAAHHHHHHH!!!!"
"This guy must have the best smelling car around."
"Smells like freedom."
"Bored?"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"Pokemon cosplay"
"Frog and Toad"
"One of The Perks of Living Alone"
"To continue the trend r/WTF has taken"
"Classic WTF"
"Think ill just leave this here"
"Seriously  WTF???"
"Faceplant"
"Falcon Pu ..."
"When two Falcon Punches collide with each other."
"We can't stop here. This is bot country."
"A royal pain in the Ass."
"When im drunk and a girl turns me down."
"I'm out"
"Pot of gold."
"Happy St. Patrick's Day!"
"Fishing in the North Sea."
"Fishing in the North Sea."
"wat?"
"This belongs here"
"Our First Lady"
"D'aww!"
"I'd love to ride a segway through here."
"What completely losing your shit feels like."
"In Ukraine  protesters mace the Police"
"When I rock out around my room in the morning  getting hype for work."
"Mind Blowing"
"Best caption wins!"
"This photo bomb just went nuclear"
"Due to overfeeding some pigeons can become aggressive."
"My Favorite GIF Ever"
"You should not ignore warning signs"
"For my cakeday I present to you one of my favorite gifs"
"Is this how Karma works ?"
"Wait for it"
"this is why you don't feed pidgeons"
"Love this scene in Arrested Development."
"How to answer 90% of r/askreddit [FIXED]"
"This man does the right thing!"
"If Only..."
"How to eat Ramen like a Boss!"
"living inside a stadium .. just something for japan"
"When a totally random person insults someone you hate. [Fixed]"
"How I feel every time I park next to someone with the same car as me [x-post from /r/volkswagen"
"Bet he won't do that again"
"Working on saturday."
"I'm a panda"
"seems legit"
"Trick or Treat!"
"Orca Halloween"
"As a panda this made me laugh"
"I'm a panda."
"Seriously a mystery"
"Little Friend"
"Nasal Decongestant"
"Brother's friend's Halloween costume. Nailed it."
"Ginger Bread Man"
"Mama  I just killed a man. Put a gun against his head. Pulled my trigger  now he's dead..."
"What I feel like after walking out of the bathroom shortly after taking a killer shit"
"Apparently they dont."
"When I leave a party right before it gets busted"
"shopping list activity"
"Food after drinking all night.[FIXED]"
"What guys feel like they look like when they go down on a girl."
"When someone tells me to &quot;act natural&quot;"
"World's Most Accurate Pie Chart"
"Worlds Most Accurate Pie Chart"
"World's most accurate pie chart."
"Best Friends"
"I think this deserves to be on r/aww"
"My reaction when my sister told me about the full story of Twilight Breaking Dawn"
"so I tried soy milk for the first time today..."
"Stalin approves."
"Prohibited [fixed]"
"It's a shame that you can still find this kind of discrimination in America."
"Curiosity scared the cat…"
"An accurate description of how console gamers feel about /r/gaming as of right now."
"I tried playing a new game yesterday.."
"I tried playing a new game yesterday.."
"The real reason you play."
"The graphics were amazing  but the gameplay and storyline were terrible."
"The reality of significance (Calvin and Hobbes)"
"Magnetic Thinking Putty absorbs a metal cube [gif]"
"Magnetic Thinking Putty"
"Magnetic Thinking Putty"
"Something disturbing about this in reverse"
"I'm just sayin."
"Googled &quot;drunk as fuck on reddit&quot; and this is what came up. . . . ."
"How it feels seating on a cold toilet seat"
"Walking into Lowes (xpost from r/pandr)"
"Didn't see this posted anywhere but some more Ron Ulysses Swanson gold!"
"MLK was a sharpshooter"
"Pew Pew Pew [Fixed]"
"Pew Pew Pew [Fixed]"
"I'm going to hell..."
"MLK's final words."
"It's too late  he's toast!"
"One of my favourite pictures - so serene..."
"What was going through my mind when my girlfriend gave me my first handjob"
"Lyin Tometa"
"Lyin Tometa"
"Making it to the front page"
"When a post I downvote gets to the front page."
"Realizing the 1 yr wait for Cake Day resulted in very little karma"
"assembly"
"Who needs swag..."
"Tell this to my friends."
"Even worse after a long day"
"Every. Fucking. Time."
"Found these words of wisdom in a coffee shop...."
"Hedgehog's spikes aren't just intended for harm"
"You feel so goood"
"this is sooo adorable"
"You're fucking weird  Jesus."
"You're fucking weird  Jesus."
"Things that make you go &quot;hmmm&quot;"
"Who needs a resume when you got facts?"
"How to get a job"
"Quickly! To The Internet!"
"For my cakeday  one of those things that I thought was a plant is now eating the biggest fish in some guy's office tank..."
"When a guy tells you he doesn't watch porn."
"How I react when people try to persuade me on election days..."
"Cop kicks girl in the face for getting kicked in the leg."
"When suddenly  You're DOG."
"Human baby dancing. uhmwat."
"Greatest Wrestling GIF Ever..."
"Fuck you  I'm a dog"
"What did you say?"
"fuck you i am a dog"
"How I reacted when I discovered my first grey hair today"
"The moment I see the link in r/WTF that makes me close reddit..."
"Animals feel left out of the Olympics"
"These two dogs placed a trap"
"/r/WTF told me that this belongs here!"
"Can we get a name on all of them?"
"What will happen in the next hundred years (from the early 20th century)? X-post from r/pics"
"Kate Upton. You won't be disappointed. This I promise you."
"Dougie by Kate Upton  fuck you McKayla"
"Why the &quot;;p&quot; face is creepy"
"Yes  you can see it in her throat."
"Oh no! It's back!"
"Sex tape ! [NSFW]"
"Because he fucking can  that's why."
"Ghost dog"
"What most /r/gaming threads boil down to"
"An important message from Reddit to the general public regarding God  politics  Nickelback  gay marriage  straight marriage  Bono  Facebook  food  and the existence of Digg"
"How I feel towards ANYONE I hate"
"Yeah. That sounds about right."
"The outcome of 4chan's Mountain Dew adventure"
"wait wat"
"how i feel when i get an upvote"
"How I imagine partying with my parents' friends on New Years Eve will end up"
"Dance like no one is watching!"
"When my last post got 5 comments and 3 upvotes"
"Best. Metaphor. Ever."
"I see your burning van and raise you a bus being attacked by a ninja."
"I don't even  well it is definitely NSFW."
"Get over here!"
"I'm on that part of the internet again."
"This is why I'm still a virgin..."
"Runin' down a Dream"
"What?"
"Emma Watson being spun."
"Emma being spun"
"Emma Watson being spun (xpost from r/Celebs)"
"Incredible photo of a supercell"
"Fallout anybody?"
"How i feel at my new job"
"When I pick up an RPG after abandoning it for over a year..."
"No fap semptember is a bust"
"I feel alot like this right know."
"This is my weekend..."
"How I feel tonight"
"I guess this is how my night is going"
"So it's daylight savings time here in the UK tonight.."
"Halloween"
"I'll just rub this here..."
"You've got something on your face. I'll get it for you"
"I'm sooo thirsty"
"x-post from r/wtf (I think it belongs on r/aww much more)"
"Romney introduces Paul Ryan as VP pick"
"RIP Ms Diddles  you were a viral  epic hamster  and I'm going to miss you"
"Best FPS ever. (NSFW)"
"What your puppy does when you're not home. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"The misunderstood teenage dog"
"Taking Care of Business"
"YoLo dog"
"Fonts..."
"NORTH"
"Fat level: Sonic the Hedgehog"
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"Magic Abortion!"
"Showed up on Facebook  deserved better..."
"WTF material I suppose"
"Wat"
"NEVER...sneak up on Ninja Panda...he aint no Jack Black.."
"It's a whale"
"For no particular reason  I present to you: reddit's (arguably) favourite gif"
"MFW stopgirl says stop"
"My reaction to all the misleading titles in here..."
"Stop girls afraid to leave the Stop!"
"When people complain about this subreddit."
"When people try to post original content here.."
"Stop!"
"MFW I found out this subreddit was a real thing."
"Anyone else freaked out by the guys eyes in the back?"
"For all the people coming over from the &quot;what is the best gif that you have seen&quot; thread..."
"MFW I need to let everyone know it's hammer time."
"What I was thinking in my head before posting this..."
"She's not even trying but I still want to play"
"My friends and I lately"
"don't ask what i googled to find this."
"I just got this sent to me. Wow is the only word."
"Wat."
"i came home late..this is how my night ends after a sesh"
"When people ask how I'm going to spend my weekend"
"Found him..."
"Seinfeld Wars [pic]"
"It would have to be at night."
"The American School System At Work..."
"People are so stupid  why didn't they think of that?"
"Do you think humans will ever walk on the sun?"
"Not sure if serious. O_o"
"i see your cute husky high hive and raise you..."
"I see your cute husky high five and raise you..."
"For Seal ?!"
"You´re Welcome Bro"
"From: person who can't spell"
"Onward and upward"
"Helping a friend"
"Small Dog &amp; Horse"
"True love"
"The moment you realize your teacher said Thursday  not Friday"
"When you hear footsteps in another and you are by yourself."
"That's one badass redditor right there"
"Ahnold's new ride. A $250 000 Mercedes Unimog  because LA traffic needs this and because the schween inverse proportionality to car rule applies."
"it's hard not to like arnold"
"how i think my cakeday will be"
"When I realise I haven't been on reddit all day"
"interesting askreddit questions"
"Whenever I see &quot;meanwhile in Japan&quot;"
"When I see a Daily Show link on Reddit"
"When I see &quot;comment score below threshold&quot;"
"WTF Jesus..."
"What's the big deel?"
"It's the freakin' weekend..."
"This is what happens in my head after I do well at my first real job"
"Let me in!"
"jump around"
"Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!"
"Just something to remember..."
"Dealing with annoying people [.gif]"
"When someone is annoying you."
"When someone annoys you..."
"Most people look forward to promotions  except this guy. lol"
"Spiderman's Speakers are a little too loud..."
"Spider-Man can't handle the intensity"
"Spider-Man can't handle the awesome sound quality"
"Spidey Bass Booming"
"Spidey.. go clean yourself"
"Ate at taco bell half an hour ago...I am not a smart man"
"Cat and Mouse."
"Louis CK on God and Masturbation."
"cruise control for yolo (x-post r/Iam14andthisisfunny)"
"Cutest couple ever!"
"Tumbleweed Red Dead Redemption IRL"
"Romney's kids line up in the wrong order to create best Freudian slip of all time."
"Twistin up a blunt thinkin bout my next dolla"
"oh  mitt!"
"Even the children understand what they will lose if romney became president."
"Alright kids now that's much better"
"How I've felt the last couple days"
"Waking up to Reddit this morning..."
"Seriously now.."
"After reviewing my comment karma..."
"My thoughts on the latest controversy du jour"
"Every time at the gym"
"Browsing through Reddit."
"Picard on Facebook"
"When someone complains online about my restaurant"
"After seeing my nephew's school  this has been on my mind 24/7..."
"Secret Rooms?"
"This has been bothering me for awhile. To the guy Pink's wife was having an affair with in the wall..."
"Seriusly  why is this happening?"
"Faster Than Light"
"When I see people post pictures oftheir Christmas gifts."
"How I feel joining Instagram"
"Before we start posting desktop screencaps"
"Fat kitteh can't reach his itch"
"A little bit higher  to the left  up  up  up... That'll do."
"This totally applies to me....no it doesn't I don't have a girlfriend..."
"Red smoke used to demonstrate wingtip vortices"
"Coloured smoke reveals the amazing vortex airflow patterns off the wings of airplanes."
"Cats and boxes"
"Stormfront members  this is for you."
"So my final for my undergraduate religion class had to be presentation on a religious photo and how you interpreted it. Needless to say I got a LOT of dirty looks and was scolded by my professor after class."
"/r/atheism"
"Dogtures."
"Redneck hunting dogs."
"&quot;Come on  it's easy to eat healthy and work out every day.&quot;"
"Hide &amp; seek bear"
"No  this is a Spoiler Alert!"
"Seriously people  you all need to stop Karma Whoring...."
"Oh nothing  just a chimp feeding a baby tiger"
"Milk Feeding"
"the cutest picture of all time"
"Do-do the 2-year old chimpanzee feeds aorn the 60-day old tiger cub"
"Chimp bottle feeding a baby tiger"
"Too. Much. Cuteness."
"Monkey feeding a tiger cub"
"A young chimp in jean shorts just bottle feeding a tiger cub..."
"Do Do feeds milk to Aorn"
"What is love? (another remake)"
"Why?"
"Thanks WTF..best face swap!"
"Not sure if..."
"Cake Fry!"
"Its my cake day  so I present to you this...."
"HULK SMASH!! (OC)"
"DIY: Temporarily convert your penis to a vagina! (NSFW)"
"I missed you  /r/WTF [NSFW]"
"Every time I browse new submissions I find myself wanting to use this GIF"
"Such a useful GIF [Fixed]"
"How I feel when people on Facebook link to 9gag:"
"my reaction when someone asked me if I knew what &quot;MEY-MEY&quot; was."
"How I feel meeting a foreign girl who speaks 5 languages"
"Whenever one of my Facebook friends has their account &quot;hacked.&quot;"
"Watching my girlfriend play any sort of videogame"
"Saw this and instantly face palmed."
"Really?"
"My... My... Dog..."
"what happened to me yesterday"
"When the phone rings while you’re on the toilet"
"The next time your cat licks you... think of this."
"When they ban Mentos  the Terrorists have won."
"That should fix it."
"How I feel after discovering there is a rat in my house."
"Simon Amstell on religion..."
"Just to clarify...that's wood he is sitting on..."
"Assassin's Creed: 1930s edition"
"Guaranteed butt hole clencher"
"I'm mad"
"Something looks familiar.."
"DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER - Imgur"
"r/aww  Chernobyl version"
"A lamb born near Chernobyl."
"This makes me feel uncomfortable"
"Superheroes are real"
"Superheros"
"I found this rather amusing."
"Irish Girl Sunbathing"
"Call me maybe..."
"Party Hard"
"The night after I finish all my exams."
"Gets me every time..."
"How I imagine people on FB who say they're at a party"
"How I imagine people on FB who say they're at a party"
"How I celebrating finishing finals  after everyone else already has."
"bath salts"
"Party Hard"
"Nope. No. No. No. No. No. No. No."
"NIEN....Nien...Nien...Nien!"
"Attack of the Australian NOPE"
"Mo'fuckin TUUUUUUBE!"
"I know this has been around for a long time  but can anyone explain what this is from/WTF is happening?"
"Wut?"
"Baseball Dance"
"what the hell is going on"
"soon"
"You're a rapist  Harry."
"Next time we visit Mount Rushmore  we'll bring a guide."
"Just some pictures of the President  being a people."
"No  NO. Bad Facebook."
"I don't remember this episode of goof troop"
"it's goofy time!"
"The defender of the bedroom"
"It still makes me daydream whenever I come across it."
"Why you should always sleep with a Teddy bear"
"Mr. Potter... (Annotated)"
"This showed up on my friend's Facebook feed. What the everloving fuck?"
"Ever been stuck in the Alphabet game while driving?"
"So I was walking across the frozen tundra  and came upon this gem."
"Putin  out and about"
"The A Team"
"Almost there..."
"So Close."
"Depth perception."
"Have you ever been this happy about anything ever?"
"Spider-man Swagger"
"Great  now I have to know she exists...."
"&quot;I've got my eye on you  Missy.&quot;"
"Cleveland Brown puts his thang down  flips it  and reverses it"
"When you've got friends..."
"Whenever my wife complains about me wanting to grow a beard again"
"Orgy  fun for the whole family [NSFW]"
"Yes"
"My favorite WTF .GIF of 2012"
"Da Fuq did i just see?"
"Pedobear meeting powerpuff girls"
"Armadillo Lizard [915x686]"
"Armadillo Lizard"
"Next Friday is my last day with the company I've been at for the last 6 years. Here's how I feel about emails in my final week."
"I think that's enough internet for one day."
"STAT!"
"My friend photoshopped this. The face is another friend when he was younger. Win?"
"How Canadian [x-post from r/Canada]"
"How Bambi reacts when his girlfriend takes off her bra. (SFW)"
"Pregnant girlfriend spelling fail"
"So much creepiness  so much wtf in this album cover"
"Bus Seat Covers"
"Neverending Corginess  Enjoy!"
"Shit  Fucking Sandy."
"too weird not to share"
"River House"
"When you sort r/funny by &quot;newest&quot;..."
"How I feel browsing the new tab of /r/funny"
"Chinese Giant Salamander"
"If you ever wanted to learn how to do CPR  here's a handy diagram"
"Saw this on facebook... literally can't stop laughing. Sorry if it's a repost."
"Capri-Sun"
"CPR instructions done right"
"My ability to even was lost upon looking at this picture."
"Happy Birthday Lincoln"
"American History X"
"Well I fucked your mom!"
"Jackie Chan vs. Sauron"
"Soon"
"Whenever someone pulls up next to me at a stop light."
"Every time I hear someone say &quot;YOLO&quot;"
"Whenever I know somebody's watching me eat my own boogers in the car this is what I do..."
"Whenever the female athletics events are shown."
"First time making it to the front page  r/movie mod removes post."
"Serial Killers aren't the only ones with secret doors."
"my reaction after I realized I was eating almonds with the same hand I under the pants ball scratched."
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"nope vs. nope"
"The way fencing should be. . ."
"Tell me more."
"My response to my friend complaining I put the toilet paper on the wrong way"
"Beware!"
"Star fox"
"Best game in the world."
"25 Self Portraits. 25 Different Drugs."
"Growlithe uses roar!"
"The best silver lining of all"
"When ever I talk to people who is &quot;online&quot; by that mobile sign on facebook"
"Double-click on NOPE."
"I don't even..."
"how rainbows are made"
"How rainbows are made."
"Stealthy Bastards."
"It took me a while to figure it out..."
"Drive Safe."
"This just popped up while playing image roulette on imgur."
"Too true"
"The kangaroo that realized the futility of existence"
"How I feel working on an assignment that's due the next day after a weekend of fun..."
"Has science gone too far?"
"Bitches be trippin'"
"Kitty wants to play with that big tongue..."
"Give me your tounge!"
"Give me your tounge!"
"Give me your tounge!"
"Gimme! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Photography/Frame Shop Turns Heads"
"Fo Fuk's Sake"
"Andy Dwyer: Shoe Shinist."
"My Bestfriend Dance Move"
"Every one of my posts on reddit"
"How my first post went."
"Whenever I argue with a friend who knows way more on the subject than I do"
"Pearl Shoal Waterfall  China"
"A friend just sent me this saying that it would be &quot;Ridiculously fun to kill yourself there&quot;."
"This game is the reason I hated my brother growing up."
"The wrongest number"
"My cat ate all of my shrooms"
"Hipster ice"
"I'll just sleep this one off here if you don't mind."
"Total motivation."
"My kind of children's book (re-post)"
"I Said Stirred  Not Shaken"
"Failed attempt to light a cigarette with a rifle"
"What it feels like to receive that first downvote"
"What it feels like to receive that first downvote"
"Liking your own status on facebook."
"A tiny pygmy hippo eating lettuce"
"Just a baby hippo. That is all."
"So  you think baby hippos are cute  don't ya?"
"This just popped up on my FB feed. Poster called it a dick fish... Anyone know the real name?"
"Introducing Cat Swanson"
"My fiance didn't know who Slender Man was. So I googled him for her."
"/R/Gaming In It's Current State"
"After a day of dealing with my parents shit..."
"I found this on my facebook wall today from my sister. They can't unrape you."
"sub-zero vs neo"
"Get down!"
"One should not trust politics."
"Every time."
"How i feel when i hold down the power button."
"How I feel when I hold the power button."
"How I feel when CTRL+ALT+Delete doesn't work."
"This hurts my brain; how is it done?"
"Makes sense to me."
"Steve Cathey  a skateboarder  1975"
"Son  it's about time to tell you about sex"
"4 oclock"
"How I view the leading presidential candidates in this years election."
"Well it's my Reddit birthday. I don't own a cat. So here's how I feel when I submit something and you guys downvote it"
"She should have ordered a happy meal."
"I laughed a little harder than I should've"
"Get out of here with that and go get me a Double Double!"
"I'm starting to hit it off with a girl at the bar  then she tells me how much her boyfriend and me would get along."
"High man and his koala"
"You are a Koala"
"Bruce Fucking Campbell... The rest of us are just begging for scraps"
"I haven't watched Mythbusters in a while. This is....not quite how I remember it."
"Like taking candy from a baby."
"Well  didn't think MythBusters would give me nightmares. [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Giant creepy baby"
"Yes  Quite..."
"Your finger here"
"I don't ever want to taste the rainbow. Ever."
"The FUTURE!"
"the future they said..."
"What movie is this from?"
"Doc-Doc-DocDoctorbeat"
"You know that type of music that dancing to it is just...contagious?"
"*Slowly leaves the room*"
"What is going on here?"
"Someone explain this WTF"
"Searched &quot;WTF&quot; on google. Even reddit couldnt prepare for this one"
"Bumpy road ahead"
"Life with a hot cousin."
"Bumpy Road"
"Woah  a bumpy road ahead!"
"High Five!"
"My reaction to the Marquez vs Pacquiao decision"
"After being on 9gag for the first time."
"Slenderma.... Wait ...whaaaaaa?"
"Oppan slender style"
"Melon  left pocket"
"No matter where you are  there will always be pool"
"Original caption was &quot;Talk about ingenuity!&quot;  but does any else feel kind of depressed after viewing this picture?"
"sadly  my generation..."
"Yeah  that's ok  you can have it..."
"This is my leaf. There are many like it  but this one is mine."
"This is my leaf. There are many like it  but this one is mine. (xpost from r/pics)"
"More baby quokka!"
"Asiago Plateau  Italy"
"How I Often Feel As A Fifth-Year Senior"
"How I feel as a senior in college taking a freshman level class."
"Browsing /r/AskReddit/new on a Saturday morning"
"How it is as a European on /r/funny"
"The Okinawa Churaumi is the world’s second largest aquarium  in Motobu  Okinawa  Japan."
"World War 1"
"Come on Snoop  you got this."
"Why would someone use an umbrella?"
"A little chart I made of TV/movie detectives."
"For those confused."
"If bugs had a religion"
"Thought you all would like this."
"My thoughts when I visited Hawaii"
"Whenever I see that someone posted a comment I was going to write."
"I'M GONNA CRUMB!"
"You're gonna what???"
"Does anyone have the video of this gif?"
"Whenever I get scolded by authority in Tribes Ascend..."
"Pretty much sums up being a parent as well."
"I´m going to hell for this... but then again  thats were all the cool people are..."
"Future of all libraries"
"A forgotten library. Thought you would enjoy."
"Too Soon?"
"Is this in bad taste?"
"Meanwhile..."
"I'm sure this has been done before  but..."
"So  I'm into my 2nd day of trying to play EVE Online. This prettymuch sums it up."
"How i feel playing playing QWOP."
"My experience with Battlefield 3 so far"
"Cat's mirror world"
"This definitely belongs here"
"FUN!"
"Celebrated 4/20 before work because no one ever talks to me. This was my face when I got in just in time for my interview with life insurance reps."
"when I realise that I have an assignment due tomorrow and its Sunday night"
"When you find out your crush has started dating someone else."
"Got out of the shower and realized there were no clean towels."
"When I am on r/all and click a r/ladyboners pic"
"HIFW I realized I friendzoned myself."
"Totally thought I missed my first Cake Day. This is how I felt..."
"when i see someone reposted my OC and got to the front page (not too hard to find irony in this)"
"How I feel ending a call 1 second into a new minute"
"Why I don't play contact sports"
"Karma-whoring elevator"
"nightmares in 3...2...1..."
"Just 3 dudes having some coffee"
"SHOTS!! (first post)"
"Im black and this is how i react when white friends ask me to teach them to dougie"
"It's Saturday and I feel like getting weird tonight..."
"trump suite"
"Are you sure you want to come in? My house is a complete mess!"
"Cat Cantina"
"Superhero squirrel"
"Saw this on facebook  changed my perspective of the squirrel."
"Beating your wife"
"Level Level: Level"
"Level Level: Level"
"***Please caption!*** I saw this at a [6] and couldn't stop laughing."
"I think I spent way too much time in my childhood playing with these things but I still love them none-the-less."
"Hours of enjoyment were had with these pieces of shit!"
"My reaction when Romney said he will pursue and persecute porn if elected"
"SUPPLIES!"
"Supplies!"
"As a Chinese speaker I find this offensive  but I laugh every damn time."
"This is really starting to get old  you'd think I'd recognize the pattern by now."
"What is love?"
"What the hell happened?"
"Tree Owl"
"So I Was Walking Along When..."
"Childhood nightmares"
"run fast .... ooops!!!!!"
"Neat Nature Facts"
"Neat Nature Fact!"
"epic Red Ranger"
"No grill? Problem solved."
"Poor people barbequing."
"WOW! THAT LOOKS DELICIOUS!"
"Dirty Talk"
"Whisper dirty things in my ear."
"You dirty boy..."
"This will forever be my favorite picture on the internet"
"My reaction when someone says &quot;So I googled ______ and this popped up&quot;"
"Seeing everyone's Halloween costumes on the front page"
"First Family Photo"
"Zoidberg Wiggles. He's sexy and he knows it. [x-post from r/GifSound"
"How I feel After I take my Bra off."
"What I picture girls do when they take their bras off at home alone (fixed)"
"Am i doing this right?"
"I've made a huge mistake..."
"I think this goes here"
"Free UPVOTES? NEVER!"
"When the hive mind detects a dissenting opinion."
"well thats depressing"
"Why wasn't i taught this in the first place?"
"In my opinion  this is the best of the best."
"I sang this to my friend at work...she wasn't too happy with me."
"GAYYYYY!"
"CAT IN THE HAT!"
"Some kind of underpants wrestling perhaps? What is happening here?"
"Last hope for humanity"
"The Human Race's Last Hope"
"Alternative solution to SBURB apocalypse"
"How I Feel Trying To Get To The Front Page"
"How it feels trying to upvote new posts"
"A shark after spending years being a shark [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"Man down!"
"Kitties! Watch out! It's Chuck Norris!"
"googled &quot;greatest gif of all time&quot;. not sure if i agree"
"Stay awake... stay awake... nope."
"Getting home from school on a Friday."
"How I feel after being awake for 14 hours and dealing with my teams shenanigans..."
"Anyone else find this disturbing?"
"Doctors can do anything nowadays."
"Meanwhile in Chernobyl"
"The latest creation... the DOOMBA"
"Jewish group condemns anti-Islam ads in NYC with their own next to them"
"Chris Brown jokes"
"Several hours after shaving my pubic hair... [SFW]"
"What I thought after posting the &quot;I've made a huge mistake&quot; GIF on Reddit for the 500th time and getting absolutely zero upvotes"
"MFW I realised there was no toilet paper left after I had taken a HUGE dump."
"Living in the UK for 1 month  had to try marmite - first bite reaction:"
"Eating a Fiber One bar an hour before being invited to the movies"
"How Bioware Community Manager feels after posting an AMA on r/gaming."
"When the camera angle changes just as I am about to finish fapping"
"I cleared my browser history after my alone time  and all the links are blue."
"14 Hours into No Fap September"
"After requesting more information from a car dealer online"
"Suddenly a dog"
"How indeed."
"The Christains won."
"An incredible long exposure of earth from the ISS by astronaut Don Pettit/NASA"
"BUZZ LIGHTYEAR"
"I'm not the man they think I am at home..."
"First car's a Jeep  this is how I'm feeling right now."
"TIL: Eyebrows matter"
"I'm a train!"
"Focus"
"Black and white orchid"
"Don't stop me now!!!"
"DANCE THREAD!!!!"
"Lovecraft is turning in his grave."
"The Lovecraft"
"X-Post from HistoryPorn"
"Defiance."
"DOUCHEBAGS. Meet your God. (FIXED)"
"Last one in is a rotten egg. Oh...."
"Every time I make a trip to the bathroom at night..."
"Dinner anyone?"
"Dog enjoying his birthday"
"Here's a photo of my dog eating some food we made him for his birthday!"
"Dog enjoying a birthday dinner"
"Well  uh  should I tell him?"
"NSFW: Tramp stamp 2012"
"This popped up in my facebook newsfeed. I don't even..."
"David Bowie  Iggy Pop and Lou Reed just being fucking awesome."
"Bowie  Pop &amp; Reed"
"When you take your bra off"
"skeptical cow does not believe you one bit"
"Feelin' lucky punk?"
"Everyone when they are online"
"The Anne Frank Time Travel Conspiracy"
"The Anne Frank Time Travel Conspiracy (xpost from r/4chan)"
"The Anne Frank Time Travel Conspiracy (X-post from r/4chan)"
"Best K-hole image NSFW"
"Winner! (NSFW)"
"Fuck hoverhand."
"Sometimes you just have to go for it"
"Fucks given: 0."
"And now..."
"Bringing WTF Back To It's Roots?"
"Food Fight"
"FOOD FIGHT!"
"oh  its my cakeday?!"
"And the winning numbers are: 317-17 ...bleeergggghhhhhh"
"A Farmer Outside The Abandoned &quot;Wonderland&quot; Castle In Beijing"
"You'll never have to go to Red Lobster again."
"Somebody fucked with the jesus"
"Somebody fucked with the Jesus"
"Jesus has big balls."
"When I skip porn from the start to the middle [SFW]"
"Watching porn last night"
"My thoughts on the movie Prometheus in general"
"Whenever I watch porn."
"How I feel after my wife went from 0-DRUNK at a friend's wedding"
"My gf asked me if I brushed my teeth today. I said &quot;no&quot; to which she responds  &quot;you're gonna get heart disease&quot;"
"Everytime I see one of those &quot;Overzealous Psych Grad&quot; posts."
"looking at number of texts with best friends then with girl i met less than a week ago"
"Reddit's most misquoted line"
"Lost my virginity last night. This is all I have to say about it..."
"Just a little snake found in the jungle"
"How to start a fight..."
"Finally found better postions to surf reddit"
"Fucking. Brilliant."
"Saw a gif of this guy... so yea  this is a thing now  I guess."
"Swimming"
"What do we say to the Java update?"
"The First 500 - Mostly TV  Some Movie  Video Game  Etc. [Various Resolutions] (x-post from /r/wallpaperdump)"
"like a boss"
"This library is SMASHING"
"Again he strikes!"
"I'm confused."
"I'll see your Nigariel and raise you a Bellgel"
"So  this is a thing..."
"Gets me every time."
"Cha cha real smooth"
"Carpool lane"
"An Added Surprise"
"Nietzsche tells atheists to give religious people a break."
"Bouncing bodies?"
"Searching 'fix' on google and this came up.."
"Iggy Pop"
"George R R Martin Photo Bombs Leonardo &amp; Clare"
"Here is a photo of two baby platypuses wearing fedoras. You're welcome."
"A mini giraffe"
"oh shit"
"My news feed always has something strange"
"So I took a dump about 2 days ago and I strained and pushed to hard and my anus has been sore  im due to take a crap today and this is how I feel my body feels."
"Fuck yeah."
"I'm becoming a cat"
"They told me I could become anything"
"FUCK YEAH"
"Scarface Charlie Sheen"
"Toby"
"not cool buddy -_-"
"Easter is cancelled"
"Japanese karma machine."
"Damn cats"
"Driving down road when..."
"bounce that..."
"Day 45"
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas..."
"Skateboarding in New York in the 60's (x/post from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"Just the world's smallest monkey. Pygmy Marmoset."
"Please ignore the crane..."
"Gonna have nightmares tonight"
"NOPE! (x-Post from r/gif)"
"Sweet dreams..."
"Robin Skrilliams"
"Seems legit  how bout it ladies!?"
"Clever Description Forthcoming"
"He just makes your heart melt with cuteness:)"
"&quot;Why do you new a farm?&quot;"
"Farming... yeah..."
"How PETA inspires me  Ron Swanson [FIXED]"
"Reddit must know!"
"I dont want to live on this planet anymore."
"Help is on the way! [x-post from /r/motorcycles]"
"Some blame guns  others video games  but IT folk know the truth!"
"It makes so much sense!"
"Coincidence ?"
"Maybe someday we can make it 0."
"Jackie Chan's English Slip"
"One of Jackie Chan's bloopers during Rush Hour 3."
"Jackie Chan blooper"
"Oh  Jackie..."
"It's freeze  Jackie.."
"STOP!"
"How I feel about the new subscribe feature on Facebook."
"When I see someone speeding on the highway on a motorcycle with no helmet on..."
"My reaction to Paul Ryan being picked as Romney's VP nominee"
"When I'm behind someone driving who has their turn signal on and doesn't ever turn"
"When ever I see a slut make a facebook status about hating sluts"
"Nature's O face!"
"I have no clue what is going on! (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Not helping me sleep at night"
"hmm   what`s this for?"
"OH SHIT."
"Don't Mess with the Dog's Tail"
"Possibly the best movie ever made."
"Fifty Shades of Grey: The Movie"
"One of the most offensive pictures on the internet. All it's missing is comic sans... /shudder"
"Im sorry to say the cast is not Emma Watson or Mila Kunis.."
"Epic cat is epic"
"Oh god get it off me!"
"D-Day"
"D-Day"
"Lightning  like you always wanted to see it"
"Reddit should have a filter that filters out Cat and Dog posts. Who's with me?"
"The light beer is the supreme beer"
"Trying to reach the front page"
"Well  his toenail will fall off..."
"If Mona Lisa was a redditor..."
"Even The Mona Lisa love Cats"
"Better"
"They have to be very careful about who they tell to &quot;hose it down.&quot;"
"Funny TV subtitle..."
"Oh  good morning... COME AT ME BRO!"
"Can't tell if he's like &quot;Come at me  bro!&quot; or coming in for a hug."
"When you decide it's time to give up.."
"I bet they are up to something"
"Biding their time (xpost r/funny)"
"May the benevolent power of the Seven Galaxies accompany you until the end of all time and may your home star burn true until the continuum ends."
"Oh god the eyes..."
"Lets run!"
"One giant leap..."
"One of my favorite headlines from The Onion. RIP Neil."
"In Honor of Neil Armstrong: HOLY SHIT MAN LANDS ON FUCKING MOON! from The Onion"
"What inevitably goes through my head when I consider Neil Armstrong's historic achievement..."
"The Fucking moon"
"What is going on here? I found this searching &quot;what the food&quot;"
"The Troll Bowl"
"Nope  Not this time"
"QWOP Level: Asian"
"Ambulatory Sequence Mishap"
"Never noticed this as a kid..."
"watched this today and now understand"
"This was made for me by a kind soul"
"Honey Boo Boo  rendered in trash [fixed]"
"Honey Boo Boo  rendered in trash &lt;FIXED&gt;"
"Bear in the big blue house breakdown"
"Spongebob has his priorities in order"
"spongbob is such a playa!"
"Why else would spongebob be here?"
"Boo"
"It Ain't Easy Being White or Brown"
"It's true. I sh8t"
"When you see it..."
"Keyboard Cat Duet"
"Twice as good as Keyboard Cat"
"Piano cats"
"The cheesy humor gets me all the time."
"Seymor went rouge with the watermelon."
"And Then He Became a Doctor"
"Well shit..."
"As your server..."
"4 Perfectly Round Circles"
"The best kind of kitten."
"This was my history teachers wallpaper."
"Are you man enough to fill this up?"
"F**K YEAH EATING"
"Too trippy.."
"Eyception."
"Fruit Owl."
"&quot;after the man threw a stone toward the leopard&quot;"
"How is this now a trend?"
"Bagel Head. The newest trend in body art. Really Japan?"
"Real life Pikachu!"
"Pika-Cat"
"pika pikaaa"
"Pika-Kitty"
"Might be shopped."
"good god man..."
"r/pics did not like my cute kitty"
"The Cat Machine"
"How I feel when my dogs devise an elaborate scheme to get into the food cabinet...."
"When prestigious colleges that I didn't expect to get accepted to deny me"
"Getting friend zoned after sex."
"How I feel watching my comment karma slowly but surely drop as I argue a troll who has backup"
"I insulted dubstep and got -19 karma on the comment"
"When someone tries to tease me saying &quot;Happy Cinco De Mayo&quot; when it's my birthday"
"I'm a senior in college and everyone's getting married and I'm not getting invited to the ceremonies. This is how I feel..."
"How it feels to have 40 karma from about 15 posts."
"My reaction to reddit being down when my internet sucks anyways."
"I like to browse random subreddits  stumbled upon r/Islam. original post: &quot;how I feel about r/atheism attacking Islam&quot;. i feel like a horrible person for expecting anything less  and this post made me smile. Thank you reddit."
"How I feel as a man  regarding boobs and mind control."
"How I feel when I watch NBC coverage of the Olympics at a relative's house knowing I have BBC coverage at home."
"today  i realized i did barely anything this summer besides hang with my friends and play games."
"Just another normal 4chan user."
"This is just great."
"Green."
"Nice Park"
"I googled &quot;done with the internet.&quot;"
"searching &quot;Reddit WtF&quot;"
"I... don't even..."
"I don't know what to say about this... (Maybe NSFW?)"
"Weirdest playground ever."
"deal with it"
"Cowabunga"
"I just wish some people would get the message..."
"I let my kids think for themselves ... no matter where it may lead."
"All Men Like...What?"
"Excerpt From The Petals Fall Twice"
"Seriously. WTF!?"
"What did I just read.."
"whenever i try to pick up a girl..."
"I don't know what to post for my first cake day so here's a kitten with a top hat Photoshopped onto its head."
"Aristocat"
"The sound that just came from my mouth should have lost me my man card."
"So I kept watching the video even though it had a high number of dislikes"
"Visiting /r/spacedicks for the first time"
"Definitely felt like doing this everyday this week"
"This is Me  at the end of every week!"
"Coming home at the end of Friday"
"When the lady at SAMs tells me the candy is only for customers when I work out of the store"
"Not all theists are responsible for this  but all people responsible for this are theists."
"Gay Vietnam War Vet Grave."
"Found this on my News Feed... [FB]"
"And this is why Facebook is stupid 90%of the time"
"What the hell facebook?"
"Really facebook? This is getting out of hand"
"Found this on facebook this morning. I think people are starting to get desperate now."
"This is just getting ridiculous."
"This popped up on my facebook  Little drastic don't you think?"
"Well  that escalated quickly (FB)"
"Well that escalated quickly."
"well that escalated quickly"
"looks legit"
"I'm starting to have second thoughts about this &quot;candy store&quot;."
"Driest. Skin. Ever. [NSFL]"
"Hmm  this looks familiar."
"The many faces of Kristen Stewart"
"I see your African stick toilet and raise you my San Angeles latrine"
"There is nothing i don't like about this."
"What"
"r/spacedicks"
"Mentos-beer experiment  wait for it...."
"Whenever I post something on Reddit that I'm absolutely sure will be hilarious"
"The world in Americas eyes"
"the world  according to Americans"
"The one good thing about the Kardashians"
"Someone left me a nice surprise in the Qdoba bathroom... (x-post r/funny)"
"I just don't know..."
"Just an inbred dog"
"Hot dog"
"I searched hot dog and this cutie showed up"
"Can someone please pass the mustard?"
"hot dog dog!"
"Cutest hot dog I have ever seen"
"That's just wrong (but cute)."
"That's just wrong  (but cute)."
"Weener"
"Just a GIF of a skew axis enveloping gear."
"Incredible gear porn! Check out /r/gears for more"
"The Man!"
"She's someones entertainment box."
"Television's just not the same anymore....."
"Orphaned and just rescued"
"Just when you thought Freddie Mercury couldn't get any more internet friendly."
"This may be the single greatest photo I've ever found on the internet."
"X-Menorah Origins: Wolverstein"
"The greatest treasure of all."
"While on a diet"
"Downvoting a new post to 0"
"Sometimes you just don't see it coming."
"Intelligent Design"
"Ice Cream Kid"
"Ice Cream Paint Job"
"Meet me at the ice cream truck..."
"This requires guts and courage!"
"Yo  no screen looking."
"How I feel about Facebook group chat rooms."
"Fapping in the..."
"Reddiquette"
"I wonder if I can get away with this"
"Redditquette"
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"reddiquette [fixed]"
"Redditquette..."
"Redditquette"
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"Rediquette"
"Reddiquette[FIXED]"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"so we are all clear"
"Reddiquette!"
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"On reposts"
"I just discovered /r/spacedicks..."
"Decided to finally see what /r/spacedicks actually is..."
"What I look like when I wake up and someone tells me to do something"
"Can you believe this shit?"
"Why the long face?"
"beam me up....yes please =D [nsfw]"
"Stereotypes are bad"
"That's one way to find out I guess."
"Well  only 1 way to find out."
"Stereotypes are bad."
"Stereotypes are bad"
"A few goodmen."
"Just took a bath"
"Laundry Day"
"Hope this hasn't been posted uet"
"Lets make a face"
"redditopoly"
"Look at this board closely"
"I didn't make this but meet redditopoly the new board game"
"Going back to r/WTF's roots for the final time."
"Please don't make me think of a title for this one."
"I have no words for this painting."
"who rings a bell like this?"
"He's... Well  &quot;Jacking it&quot;"
"Sounds Legit"
"looks legit...free candy you say?"
"Seems Legit"
"MRW my friend tells me about his date"
"This is my face when my girlfriend says she wants sex"
"How I feel at my girlfriend's house when her parents are home"
"Classic Pop-Pop"
"This is how the boyfriend and I feel when his nephew runs into our bedroom  trying to wake us up [FIXED]"
"Looks Comfortable"
"Sexist chair"
"My favorite chair."
"I Googled &quot;comfy chair&quot;..."
"The advance of man"
"The one man to end them all."
"When I see reddit reposts on facebook"
"Dat ear"
"500 miles."
"Dat Floppy Ear"
"Oh man do I miss these guys"
"I am on the wrong side of this tarp."
"Some mornings I know exactly how this dog feels"
"keep out or enter"
"Don't tell me what to do"
"How am I supposed to react to this?"
"KEEP OUT"
"So THAT'S what happened!"
"just a dash of..."
"Just a pinch of..."
"Just a pinch"
"oops!"
"Planking Level: U.S. Military"
"When I hear my jam..."
"14 year olds at death metal shows"
"Watch out guys  this kid's got some moves"
"Chance of rape today"
"I think I'll stay home today"
"I think I'll stay home today"
"today is a good day to stay in"
"The real question"
"when to use the escalator"
"John F. Kennedy Alien Hunter"
"Smashing is way more fun anyhow."
"Angelina Jolie [Fixed]"
"So I was just using google and this came up..."
"Bill Cosby wrangles a child"
"Almost missed my cakeday  so here's the Coz showin a kid how to go zip zop zoobity bop."
"People keep telling me my feet smell."
"Fish + Footwear"
"Momma cat"
"Moving Day"
"How redditors feel when they have to resubmit their cat photos to a different subreddit. [GIF]"
"What it's like checking Facebook every 5 minutes."
"Can't afford Apple"
"Seems legit..."
"Seems legit."
"How to cook on a log"
"Perspective"
"Uh.... What?"
"what am I watching?"
"I find this unusual yet  suitable"
"Oppa!"
"Heart shaped kitties"
"Whenever I get downvoted"
"My face after watching Project X..."
"Mouth-to-mouth taco transfusion"
"Here's a better picture that has nothing to do with Rapture or Macho Man"
"Bill Fucking Murray."
"Trombama"
"From my friend at Julliard..."
"To hell with all your ideas of a home. I'm moving here."
"I would love to have one of these!"
"We have to go now..."
"I hope this dog goes home and takes a big poop on her owner's carpet for doing this to her"
"The most accurate forecast for hurricane Sandy"
"Neal Stephenson  Neil Armstrong  and Neil Gaiman"
"The Hugh Hefner of Pokemon"
"Ladies  hold your orgasms."
"I laughed for way too long at this"
"Saw this on facebook and died laughing"
"Bro came at me"
"How Daniel Radcliffe Deals with Paparazzi"
"Where's the baby?"
"Solution Oriented"
"Mark Twain in Teslas workshop"
"That awkward moment when you’re playing hide and seek and you can’t find a place to hide."
"OH FUCK HOLY SHIT JESUS CHRIST AAAAAAAH!"
"What I feel like playing as a scout in TF2"
"It really does go with anything."
"Run  kitty  run!"
"Cant touch this!"
"Exuberant Cat"
"my reaction when i found out that today is my cakeday and i haven't posted anything yet"
"Why are there more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee?"
"Why are there more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee?"
"Camp master Jimbob"
"boyscouts bestie"
"Ill stab you bro"
"He knows now!"
"Hidden paradise"
"While toking  when someone starts obviously acting high even though they aren't high at all"
"When I forget to uncheck &quot;install toolbar&quot;"
"How I feel after accidently changing a paused TV channel."
"Whenever I see an idea I thought up on the front page."
"Well there's no point hiding it now..."
"The butt genie"
"Scruffy's gonna die the way he lived."
"Tree and sidewalk merge."
"Tree and sidewalk merge"
"0 fucks were given..."
"If I hungry  I eats"
"Does anyone know the story behind this? (MMA hilarity)"
"oh fuck. RUN! RUN! RUN! RUN!"
"Whenever a post fails hard."
"I cannot unsee the resemblance..."
"Idk but i think your doing it wrong"
"Three words to live by."
"Pressure"
"Carbon people problems."
"Awesome sculpture to stumble on deep in a forest!"
"There's always money in the banana stand"
"Bus driver uppercut (Toasty!-fied)"
"Douglas Adams would've been 60 today. Happy Birthday Chap!"
"Where did the white man go wrong?"
"Where the white men went wrong"
"I sense a faint smell of danger"
"No! Its not Okay!"
"What I think about cakeday posts"
"sup  fishface"
"Some men just like to watch the world burn."
"No they didn't (x-post r/4chan)"
"Canadian Street Gangs"
"Fuck You!"
"Sadly  Fox did not pick up this spinoff idea..."
"Now this is a King of the Hill spinoff I would watch"
"Another plausible Fox/Valve spin-off"
"Winter is coming but Canada gives 0 fucks"
"Kinda sad i can't do this anymore  now thats it's warm"
"Go mountain climbing  this happens  WTF would you do?"
"No! Bambi!"
"Ever seen a deer jump this high?"
"What the what? Why?"
"so this is a thing.."
"It's greener  I guess."
"It's greener  I guess."
"It's greener  I guess."
"...And I'm gonna squint at every thumbnail."
"Old School"
"Anon on fighting"
"Socially Awesome Penguin meets a seal."
"SAP at his finest"
"How I feel every morning when my cat jumps on me."
"Deal with it"
"Real Life Awkard penguin"
"I have to go  my people need me"
"Star Wars escalator"
"aw..cute but poor little guy."
"Welcome to organic chemistry."
"CHOCOLATE?!?!?!?!"
"Run Forrest! Run!"
"I love this logic (xpost from r/howyoudoin)"
"The best Grumpy cat picture of all time."
"When the night posters on /r/trees come out"
"R2D2"
"I laughed so hard."
"This kinda explains reddit politics"
"what?"
"your typical delivery driver.."
"WTF  this shit has gone too far."
"On my Facebook feed this morning. What?"
"Seriously..fuck poison ivy."
"Man  4chan is awesome.. Why don't I come here anymore?... Oh  that's why."
"Some people really like horses"
"You snooze  you lose."
"Bucket head has a bucket under his bucket."
"Whenever somebody up votes my comment with 0 karma."
"How I felt when I got a B on an final assignment I never turned in"
"Every comment in /r/gonewild"
"When my comment reply gets more upvotes than the parent."
"El gato taco is not amused!"
"Hello my doggy"
"I think you will like this little dance. [x-post from gifsounds]"
"I believe Hitler said the same thing  Zynga..."
"I have no idea why this was in my pictures folder"
"Someone has been misinformed"
"THIS Futurama episode makes me teary."
"Think about it.... This guy died this year. RIP Seymour"
"My friends new friend"
"I don't usually post pics of kittens  but when I do .."
"Oh no a bear!"
"EVERYBODY GETS BEEEEEEEESSS!!!"
"BEEEEES!!!"
"The Oprah's Bees GIF is great."
"in the trap"
"BEEZ INA TRAP"
"Oprah Gone Wrong"
"Swarm of upvotes"
"Oprah"
"oprah in the trap"
"Hey guys look at what I found on the internet. [xpost from r/photoshopbattle]"
"Yesterday was a bad day to be a Canucks fan. But then you see this..."
"May not be the most original choice of music  but it works."
"Cool starry bra... real cool"
"Unintentional? Probably"
"So I was at the clothing store and they sold things."
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"TIL Neil deGrasse Tyson used to be a ripped beast."
"Scientist's Are Cool"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson in his mutton-chop days."
"My all time favorite picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"Drinking [NSFW]"
"Forever Alone Pillow - Never Sleep Alone Again!"
"rats dat you rant"
"You rant one ronton soop?"
"Baths"
"Just beat this on the PS3. Wish I had listened to the critics and played it when it came out. But it bombed and now we only have the one."
"Parade Rage"
"Low ridin' steed"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"I will never be this badass"
"One of my friends just moved to the states from Russia.... Here is her uncle and his riding bear"
"Found this while looking for fridges at Sears"
"Redditor forces stranger in Sears to write a note on a fridge  takes a picture  then uploads. Why? Karma that's why!"
"Pointless technology for pointless reasons!"
"Pirate's worst nightmare."
"What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare? (SFW)"
"All of Gandhi's possessions at the time of his death."
"78/M/Ghandi"
"All of Gandhi's possessions at the time of his death (x-post from r/minimalism)"
"Corvette taillights for sale - Good Condition."
"&quot;I'll just tailgate this semi to save gas...&quot;"
"How I feel when someone tells me &quot;happy cake day&quot;"
"I did Nazi this coming (no love for this over in Pics  the philistines)."
"Mortal Sokker."
"Forever Alone Jacket"
"The ultimate forever-alone jacket was just released"
"Hug Me"
"Have A Seat"
"Why I'm unemployed"
"i think it's enough of a reason to throw a party"
"How I feel every time I go to the gym"
"Korean man in tuxedo yells at woman's butt"
"I play in my school's athletic band; this is what all of the freshmen dudes look like at the first women's volleyball game"
"How I feel after not masturbating for a week"
"Is it just me  or does Tyranitar's Emerald sprite fit perfectly here?"
"A false color image of a micro crack in steel  viewed through an electron microscope"
"Grand Canyon? How bout a minute crack in iron under a powerful microscope"
"I want to believe"
"Paranormal Cattivity"
"Winzip"
"Winzip"
"Perspectives on the United States Army"
"This is what germans and russians thought about America"
"Their bromance cannot be matched (fixed)"
"When I realize the guy next to me is having MAJOR allergy issues."
"I know my dog does this everyday"
"One of my favourite gifs"
"This never fails to make me laugh"
"Whenever my teacher gives me work I dont want to do."
"Dog With an Attitude"
"Funniest gif in my folder"
"Yolo dog strikes again"
"Upset dog"
"I laughed way too hard at this."
"This is the best gif I have ever seen."
"How I feel like after my boss tells me what to do"
"Me and Gordge..."
"What they say."
"How I Imagine My Dog After He Goes To His Cage For Pooping On The Floor"
"My Dog After He Goes To His Cage For Pooping On The Floor"
"My dog and I have a love-hate relationship"
"Nothing  just sitting here."
"The tides have turned"
"I'm afraid that all too soon I'll know exactly how this feels..."
"When my tolerance break is over and all my connects are dry."
"Kung Fu frog"
"Incredible"
"Incredible art"
"got milk?"
"From: The Stork"
"Designed a Dark Knight Rises poster!"
"This is awesome"
"Before/after picture... Only slightly disturbing"
"He thinks he's people"
"Need A Good Lawyer?"
"Need a good lawyer...?"
"How I feel when someone proves Christianity wrong"
"Expected emerging technology now-2040"
"My favorite way to troll on public transport."
"Bump"
"Every Time I Take the Bus [FIXED]"
"Horse  go home."
"peekaboo"
"Peekaboo!"
"Gravity in Pakistan"
"How to Tame a Truck [x-post from r/pakistan]"
"Whoa! Down boy!"
"When I send an embarrassing message to the wrong person"
"Revisionist History"
"Pidgeot use Drillpeck!"
"Jar of hearts..."
"My FB friend posted this today"
"I used to be a kid like you (x-post from r/skyrim)"
"Batman the Whiterun Guard"
"I'd be more surprised if the internet didn't find a way to combine batman and Skyrim"
"Batman to the knee."
"He used to be a kid like you."
"Judo chop HIA YAA!"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk"
"You're drunk."
"Go home Rainbow..."
"What does it mean?"
"Drunk rainbow"
"Go home..."
"She's a pro"
"She should become a firefighter. Any emergency would instantly become...amazing."
"In the spirit of having something different on GifSound..."
"Just Hitler playing the banjo"
"Stay classy  Youtube."
"Youtube Gold"
"How does one do this?"
"Disappoint this wasn't done sooner. (Miguel)"
"This just seems to fit."
"How I play guitar when my cat is in the room."
"It took me far to long to put this together."
"How I look when I play guitar in front of people"
"What I look like trying to finger my girlfriend."
"every time i play guitar hero"
"When the FedEx guy shows up with my new computer."
"When someone ask me if i want dessert"
"My reaction after every Stafford led 4th quarter comeback"
"Pink Fairy Armadillo"
"Silly Stormtroopers"
"If I ever met Mitt Romney  I have an idea of what I would say..."
"When people tell me Im going to hell for being an atheist"
"This gif basically sums up call of duty's online game chat."
"online gaming"
"Suggestive shirt: WIN"
"Me developing a game."
"My friend after I told him about /r/gonewild"
"&quot;Teeths&quot; - one of the most epic pictures I've seen"
"Happy Birthday you brilliant son of a bitch!"
"Spongebob turns 26 today. Happy Birthday Spongebob!"
"Realism"
"Impressionist motto"
"The Rock vs 12 pancakes"
"Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson knows a good breakfast"
"Pancakes and Protein at 40 years old"
"Superhuman Pancake-Devouring Boulder"
"The Rock at his breakfast. That is all"
"The Rock vs. 12 Pancakes"
"First Person Shooting"
"Carnival!!!"
"cool cat"
"Another reason you should work out [gif]"
"Ginger"
"Just a tractor"
"Spongebob doesn't go there! [pic]"
"The last beer pong"
"Moms gone"
"I created a Snoo for this subreddit!"
"Why I don't run [FIXED]"
"Holy shit. Why did I wait so long to play this game?"
"If another assassins creed is made after this American revolution one  they are not allowed to make the whole thing in the present  and this is why"
"Juuuuice"
"Found this on parentfails.com  but that's a win  that's a cuteness win"
"&quot;It looks like a what?!&quot;"
"Bagel head"
"Bagel head"
"He sees what you did."
"The most dangerous game of &quot;If I fits  I sits&quot;"
"Some people claim to see Jesus' face in toast..."
"Scream pepper."
"Volcano meets lightning"
"Self portrait."
"A guy turned his dead cat into a helicopter"
"Amphibious Assault Vehicles Firing Smoke Grenades. Woah."
"loool!"
"Would anyone else like a pair of these?"
"Where can I find this?"
"Does this actually exist ?? DO WANT!"
"The Majestic Wonder..."
"Meanwhile  in Australia...."
"The spiders in my house aren't 1/2 as nice"
"What you get when you combine NOPE and bongos... [X-post from r/spiders]"
"spidey song"
"The song of my people"
"kid better not drop that thun thun"
"Duh duh dun dun dun dun"
"Summers over... Time to go back to school..."
"Summer is over."
"How I feel picking up girls at inappropriate places"
"When mom tells me to get off the computer..."
"PLEASE FPE THE LOVE OF ARMSTRONG DO NOT ACT LIKE THIS IN COLLEGE"
"What I think of everytime someone says &quot;Swag&quot;"
"Can't handle my swag"
"My collection of gifs and images so far. Everything from Doctor Who to John Green."
"Can't handle my party hard swagga."
"This party sucks."
"Best coozie in the world."
"So.... Is the middle picture his sexy face?"
"Choices."
"Blast off"
"Shuttle Launch Reflection"
"Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards."
"the only thing i miss about being married.."
"Just got married. This is my new motto."
"Just got married. This is my new motto.[Fixed]"
"Face-swaped."
"googled up super happy asian emoticon  found this..."
"O.o"
"One of my favorite face swaps"
"A woman eating a jar of mayo on a bus."
"Mmmmmmmm. Gotta love the people of public transport"
"I'm just sayin'"
"Just the narwhal and reddit alien riding through the up votes."
"[Fixed] New anti-depressant: reddit.com - This community has helped me through a lot... thanks everyone."
"Needed to be done."
"ONWARD!"
"Ride into Battle"
"Riding the Narwhal"
"How I reddit while drunk"
"Reddit... nuff said"
"this basically explains my feelings about reddit"
"googled what reddit is was not disapointed"
"Castaway"
"Cast away"
"Mind=Blown"
"Amazing Black and White Illusion"
"Is srs"
"So this was on my newsfeed. I still dont understand..."
"Well played Walmart  Well played indeed"
"This is the funniest gif I know!"
"Every year my friend does a 'silly picture while on a roller coaster'. This year was by far his best."
"This should be probably the best roller coaster photo I have ever seen"
"Every time I Try and Unsubscribe From r/atheism"
"My go to move when get on the dance floor"
"Then and Now"
"What every break up should be like"
"Break Down"
"Break Down [FIXED]"
"I want to break up"
"Sex Doll Therapy"
"At least they didn't come stag"
"My grandma when she saw I wasn't bowing my head during Thanksgiving prayer"
"When my little brother got more karma than me"
"&quot;Dot Aussssss!!!!&quot;"
"Enjoy Whack-a-Kitty (for my cake day)"
"realizing im single now when hiding my browser history"
"Charizard  I choose you!"
"Everytime I post a comment disagreeing with a popular opinion."
"A young Joseph Stalin"
"Why 30 Rock is hilarious."
"This can't be an accident"
"Busted!"
"What you mean i can't eat this!?"
"Fuck it  why not?"
"Like this kids ride?"
"what u find when on StumbleUpon"
"Best oompa Loompa cosplay ever!"
"This made me laugh so hard. (@~@)"
"Fuck this area in particular"
"100% huh?"
"Whenever I make a comment and I see the same comment made by somebody else downvoted to hell"
"I present you The Ironbat"
"anyone know what type of turtle is this?"
"The view I had of turtles has changed... forever."
"This is the end... beautiful friend. This is the end  my only friend  the end. [r/wtf gore]"
"Romance for a redditor."
"Googled &quot;instant karma for reddit&quot; I did good?"
"Jesus drove a Honda (might be a repost  first reddit post)"
"Jesus's automobile of choice"
"Adalia Rose &amp; Balls"
"My brother when I finally beat him at Goldeneye"
"Japanese squid fishing"
"Oh  Japan... You're so weird."
"How we both deal with breakups"
"How We Deal With Breakups"
"How we deal with break ups.... If you know what i mean"
"I call this trick... The Back Breaker"
"THAT'S NOT SUPPOSED TO BEND THAT WAY (X-post from r/gifs)"
"Sweet Jesus. Is it even possible to bend like that?"
"Boo!"
"Gaming and parenting"
"Gaming and Parenting. xpost from r/funny"
"And father of the year goes tooooooo..."
"How I feel about computer games nowadays"
"Payback!"
"A dog's revenge..."
"What an asshole!"
"GW Didn't like my asshole but maybe you guys will."
"Seems legit..."
"Truth"
"When there's a post with a really long title."
"Whenever a rage comic is more than 6 panels..."
"How i feel whenever i see someone took the time to post a gif about how they feel"
"Whenever i see hour long porn videos"
"Youtube links on /r/funny"
"When a YouTube video takes too long to buffer"
"When someone tells me to do something right before closing"
"When I'm reading instructions for a DIY project"
"Pinterest in a nutshell"
"How I feel when muslims have to say &quot;peace be upon him&quot; every time Muhammad is mentioned"
"Whenever I go to reheat pizza and consider putting it in the oven instead of the microwave..."
"My response to nit pickers who ask why my socks don't match"
"Every time I come up with an idea for a good novelty account."
"Whenever people tell me to wait for the coffee to cool before I drink it. . ."
"Remove contents from microwave and let cool for 3 minutes"
"The cheese applicator that comes with a Kraft Handi-Snack"
"This is insane! Austrian skydiver Paul Steiner hanging on the back of a glider while grabbing the tail of another in Styria  Austria."
"Move  bitch. This is my cake."
"Downvoting someone on their cake day."
"Downvoting someone's cakeday post"
"How I feel when I downvote someone on their cake day."
"When someone makes a post about their &quot;Cakeday&quot;"
"Kitty porn"
"poop"
"The poo bandit"
"I liked Katy Perry and her friend's Halloween costumes this year."
"A House is Not a Home"
"People told me this belongs here."
"Childhood: ruined. [Maybe NSFW]"
"WTF?"
"best gif ever."
"True friends stand by you"
"Screw you pole!"
"An indian fights a road sign"
"HOW DARE U?"
"Fuck this post."
"printer not working"
"Real Friends That Always Got Your Back"
"Real Friends got your Back"
"Our love is forever"
"Our love is forever. So here is Nokia Phone."
"So here is a Nokia phone."
"What is happening here?!"
"Please....."
"It would be cute she said"
"Reversed"
"This is Morgan Freeman. With a cat on his head."
"Just dropped the kids off at summer camp for the whole week..."
"When you finally earn the title of &quot;Best&quot; comment on an imgur post"
"Honey Boo Boo  Rendered in trash [FIXED]"
"Don't bite my head off"
"Oh..it's not food?"
"Don't feed the animals..."
"WTF worthy."
"Ass is looking at a little girl eaten by camel."
