"Joker's Boner"
"Troll cat"
"How is this gonna work?"
"Leighton Meester at her best"
"Halloween parenting fail"
"Katy Perry with a fan [fixed]"
"This gif is full of wtf"
"What actually happened"
"Workaholics texting"
"I miss these dearly"
"Dialga Used Roar of Time! (animated)"
"why were you crying"
"Nice try  math"
"How to stop women from eating chocolate"
"keep cool man  i just ate a little of your catnip"
"Bad Kitty."
"Anybody else play this game as a kid?"
"Suddenly  &quot;I slipped and fell on his dick&quot; becomes a much more plausible explanation... [gif]"
"He's not really sure how this works ..."
"Perfectly reasonable reaction"
"r/funny said this belongs here"
"Walked in on my friend fapping  he didn't notice."
"Growin' Up"
"It's only a matter of time... [FIXED]"
"How I feel when I try hanging out with the cool kids"
"Saw this locked out NFL ref after Monday Night Football"
"Every time an r/gonewild post makes it to the front page."
"How I feel when I ask my kids if they need help with their homework."
"It made me smile for the first time in a long time."
"Have Faith in God"
"sodapressing"
"How it feels most of the time to post something on reddit..."
"how i feel as a christian on reddit"
"Believe in yourself"
"America... can you trust this man not to curl in the squat rack?"
"just a little guy"
"If you cross the street like this  fuck you"
"Is this funnier because I am reposting this?"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page on my cakeday"
"Pfft who needs a cat for this"
"Found this in a children's library in Sweden"
"Fun times in Deus Ex!"
"Atheism has led to the greatest forms of cruelty and violations of justice!"
"On the ever-popular topic of bad tattoos..."
"And Not a Single Fuck Was Given That Day (LATimes - Endeavour)"
"This ostrich can ski better than me..."
"Pond Inside a Glacial Cave - Jostedalsbreen  Norway"
"Asians..."
"Human STAHP!"
"When I see something I haven't upvoted on the front page."
"You will never be manly next to these two"
"Hey Ciggs!"
"How I look at a [7+] when something unexpected happens"
"Got the stomach flu...."
"This should be an SNL skit  not real politics. (x-post from /r/atheism)"
"How to treat people on /new"
"Just 2 guys juggling a football"
"Storm-driven garbage accumulating in an NYC subway stop."
"Solo is hard..."
"So.. a guy walks into a bar.."
"A man walks into a bar..."
"For all the new redditors out there  hunting for karma..."
"A back to school necessity"
"Black redditor to Asian Redditor"
"I was giving a presentation about religious diversity when someone told me that evolution had been disproved"
"Browsing random on imgur. I thought this was pretty cool."
"The Manifestation Was Awesome."
"i Love Banana ..."
"There is so much I don't understand in this picture"
"can't stop watching it"
"Twin dogs that make you go &quot;aww&quot;"
"The Ants Dream!"
"I think it is funnier in reverse."
"Today i told my gay roommate that i haven't seen mean girls..."
"Michael Jackson drinking vodka and chilling with midgets."
"MJ Loved Smirnoff"
"Star Wars:CSI"
"The Time Lord workin' it"
"Just being a great person when..."
"Overly manly action figure."
"Snake Wine: Looks Delicoussss!"
"The beard is strong with this one."
"How to ruin someone's day in 2 simple steps:"
"How to ruin someone's day in 2 simple steps"
"It was worth a shot!"
"Awesome mascot"
"So Close... [gif]"
"So that's how pandas are made!"
"Fuck the police!"
"This is how I feel talking to my co-workers over the cubical wall"
"Cute little baby"
"Baby Dolphin"
"I surrender"
"Longest gif ever  well worth it though"
"Sadly it took me over a minute to realize.."
"Am I seeing things?"
"stairway to...."
"A nightmarish headline for an Ent."
"When I unexpectedly recognise a popular .gif while watching a movie or a TV show"
"The feeling when you sit on a cold toilet seat"
"Tiny Hippo"
"No fap September? huh"
"That surreal moment when you realize the person who just interrupted your movie by opening your bedroom door  staring at you and running away isn't anyone you know and was trying to rob you."
"Messed with the wrong bull"
"Perspective."
"Pokemon theme song"
"i googled Pokemon"
"the heart of rock and roll"
"How I know Monday morning's coffee is working."
"What its like shaving as a teenager with acne"
"help me find this video. in return  tits!!"
"Cant touch shaq"
"?"
"What I want to do when I dont know the answer to a question in school."
"He was taken down by six cops  but not before taking his belt  boots  and jeans off..."
"Streaker at our football game this weekend."
"Absolutely Incredible."
"May the Force be with him?"
"My Leg"
"The my leg fish from spongebob?"
"Drip Dry Dogs"
"Sledding like a boss"
"Gimme it! MINE"
"Hairless cats"
"The Truth About Radical Islam"
"bad luck brian taking a picture..."
"Gorilla mom disapproves"
"Every time I try and think of a post for reddit..."
"What I picture when listening to people debate iPhone vs Android [Fixed]"
"Of course! Why didn't I think of that?"
"Absolutely no faith in humanity after reading this."
"Pure joy."
"Tablecloth trick fail"
"i think he kinda died?"
"Dragon Cat"
"Dogs showing love for one another."
"Sean Connery as a sailer"
"“The concept is simple. Take a blank sheet with nothing but the basic outline of a pinup girl and illustrate a unique scene around her.&quot;"
"Living on the edge.."
"My friends take on Bring your own Slurpee cup day at 7/11"
"I links the lynx"
"Gets me every time"
"Nightcrawler lives (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"We are small on this earth [FIXED]"
"Chess play of Nature"
"Carrier has arrived..."
"A giant eyeball from a mysterious sea creature washes ashore in in Pompano Beach."
"What went through my mind through this scene"
"Every time someone posts &quot;DAE notice that Walt is meaner now than he was in Season One?&quot;"
"Whenever someone on Reddit says something Pro-America"
"Omegle Troll"
"SIKE."
"A Narwhal Made of Bacon"
"Apparently some one at the office did this"
"What are friends for..."
"So a Genie Gives you and a Friend One Wish Each..."
"Redditor stages dead cats body before burial for extra karma"
"Promise me you wont' do anything stupid today  son. Please?"
"Is this insanely racist or is it just me?"
"Would you let her BJ you?"
"no sure if WTF or Creepy"
"Walked in just as the dog was crapping on the floor."
"Bitch Slapper"
"A witty view on religion from a fabulous atheist"
"Got one of those cheesy old west photos done  was supposed to be a cute saloon girl but this was the result... Midget burlesque dancer....."
"When my friends complain about insignificant crap."
"Petra  the magical ancient land in Jordan  turns almost mystical by night. Candle lamps guide visitors down the mile-long Siq  and when you reach Al Khazneh  it is overwhelming to see this sight"
"he just really wants that ravioli"
"Every time I peruse /new.."
"Every time someone tries to walk while drunk."
"Do you love me now Daddy?"
"How I feel every time I visit r/WTF"
"DON'T COVER IT!!!"
"My two very cute cats"
"So close..."
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"well that escalated quickly.."
"Greeley Haven Panorama from Opportunity"
"Spectacular 360° picture of Mars surface"
"Real HD Panorama of planet MARS"
"Even pole dancers have to rest. - Imgur"
"fuck life"
"Whenever a 6 year old gets cussed out on xbox by a grown man for being annoying"
"Read the bottom line!"
"This would definitely settle it."
"Thanks to you reddit..."
"I whip my crazy lady hair"
"Computers are awesome"
"It's my cake day so I present... Man stuck in a mailbox."
"Don't you just HATE it when people defile public urinals like this?"
"There should be more of these."
"This made me laugh uncontrollably."
"Mmmm... Yummy"
"The best representation of 9gag"
"Told a girl at work today that she looked like Tara Reid. It was Tara Reid."
"Looks like I'm gonna have to jump"
"Yep...this is me currently writing a paper about a topic I don't care about. [x-post from r/reddit.com"
"T-rex came to kick ass"
"Photoshop service"
"Drunk at 4am this morning  realizing that work starts in 3 hours."
"Reaction when seeing my post get upvotes but then seemingly disappear off the radar"
"Yeah  we all shine on...as you still do. Happy 72nd Birthday!"
"Clark Kent Loses Powers Mid-Takeoff"
"Superman"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Spongebob needs water"
"To the Centre of the Milky Way"
"How I feel basking in my over 100 karma"
"Apparently the ability to google Mila Kunis gets you karma now"
"punch"
"thoughts in the court..."
"HD  from NASA (source included). Beautiful  but made me think of this for some reason: &quot;We don't know who struck first  us or them. But we do know it was us that scorched the sky.&quot; (quote source also included)"
"Laughter every freakin' time."
"WWII Artillery squad celebrating Easter [1368x1121] (Can someone tell me what unit this is?)"
"Whaaaaaa!?!?"
"Nutella the stuff of angels..."
"How I feel about most drawing tutorials"
"hes back"
"What Snake Venom Does to Blood"
"How I feel everytime I get rickrolled."
"In Soviet Russia the room removes you!"
"Badass Albert Einstein is badass"
"Einstein"
"Not sure if troll or republican..............That grasshopper does look sexy though."
"Looking for a post-grad job"
"How I Feel Down Voting Something on r/aww"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"This is the class photo from Columbine. Look in the top left corner."
"This is the class photo from Columbine. Look in the top left corner. (x-post)"
"Well I don't think there will be any argument about whether or not THIS belongs in /r/wtf..."
"How I feel when I downvote a stupid comment that has a balanced number of upvotes/downvotes into the negatives."
"Your Email Address"
"My reaction when my boyfriend told me he was replacing his twin mattress with a king size bed.."
"the etiquette of eating doritos"
"DIFFRENT B/W IN PUBLIC AND AT HOME !!"
"just feeding a stray cat  sharing is beautiful"
"Monk and Tiger sharing their meal"
"andddd its friday [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"My reaction to finding out The Raid was opening in neighborhood (which never gets openings)"
"When the postman comes with my online purchases"
"Don't call it Carl (x-post from r/gaming)"
"For lease"
"For lease!"
"The G.B.J.K are at it again."
"One of these is not like the other..."
"Spidey's watching me"
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"Scorpionfly"
"Wut ? [NSFW]"
"Awww"
"The hell happened?"
"Police Notes"
"I make the same face when I drink Jagermeister"
"I'd hate to see Blue ..."
"get me an avocado  an ice pick and my snorkel."
"Loverboy 2013"
"Favorite badass for my cakeday!"
"The crayfish's last revenge..."
"Pump it up"
"When ever my posts get down voted right away.."
"Couldn't think of a good caption"
"Looked through old messages between me and my ex.. This was one"
"How I feel landing a (well) paid internship..."
"Hedgehogs are selfish"
"Just a funny Shark Week comic."
"How I imagine reddit"
"How I picture religious people."
"I'm not quite sure what to say here...."
"Anyone got any abandon thread gifs?"
"The creature all men feared."
"Snorlax."
"Not the Mama  Not the Mama  Not the Mama!!!"
"crossbow"
"25 years of Zleda"
"The Universe is Larger Than You Think"
"White lion alongside tawny."
"Gettin' Fresh [gif]"
"HAHAHA.... AAWWWW......"
"Saturday Night Lights - Faint Double Rainbow"
"Could someone turn this into a down vote GIF?"
"Girls Gone Wild has gotten way too competitive"
"Straight from Felix Baumgartner.... WIN!!"
"Not sure if repost but i thought it should be here"
"Rocky Potter"
"Jaden Smith looking concerned about something in the distance (via pleated-jeans. com)"
"Another great album cover"
"Just something funny I thought I'd share"
"College roommate when I bring a girl home (xpost from r/funny)"
"Moses in his later years..."
"What is Love?"
"Too much!"
"glasswing butterfly"
"Preparing for sandy correctly"
"She was wondering the same thing. - Imgur"
"Curiosity rover sends back a self-portrait"
"Something I never noticed about time travel"
"As a Christian  i appprove this message."
"Sacrilege!"
"Like clockwork"
"If Michonne had her own show. (x-post from /r/thewalkingdead)"
"Trypophobia animated."
"Pick a Roll &amp; Fuck it [gif] [porn]"
"Ready to explode"
"Sometimes I love 4chan."
"What we all need."
"Just started photography - not bad for my first day  what do you think?"
"Oh shit."
"'Murica!"
"Apple's response..."
"Schwarzenegger is robocop?"
"I photoshopped my dog kirby into a pack of wolves (x/post from r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Get over here  bro."
"when I hit 5 000 karma"
"I see what you did there"
"This makes sense"
"Every time GFWL installs a patch to a game."
"The dog just didn't want to be on a picture"
"the life of everything I post to reddit."
"I think I just found my new wallpaper"
"Now that the MS paint craze is over  I haven't felt rushed on my piece to finish. Finally got done. Just in time too because tomorrow  who knows......"
"This hedgehog knows how to protect itself from being used as a brush by cats."
"Why I pay attention during games"
"this will forever remain the funniest pic on the internet."
"When I found out my sister uses reddit."
"Architects in a nutshell. [FIXED]"
"Asked google if it was the weekend.. this was one of the top images"
"Welcome to algebra 2"
"Bored in class. Everybody's done it once."
"Sums up my team in any FPS"
"What surprised the Dali Lama the most about humanity..."
"Where da hood at"
"If I didn't know better  I'd say they live in Kentucky..."
"Plants vs Walkers"
"Just scrolling through Facebook when..."
"My face when asked to get off that reddit site"
"Every time I click on a link before reading &quot;Warning: Gore&quot;"
"So I googled reddit and down votes and this came up."
"This sums up my life in one picture."
"It's dissertation day today at my uni  felt this was relevant"
"Just a couple of guys dressed for Halloween."
"Who has enough money for this many dildos?!"
"I ain't scared of you Dawgg."
"What lurkers feel like when they finally join"
"stahp."
"Two kinds of goodbye"
"If I had a nickle..."
"Get the man some Ice."
"Be my blanket?"
"Conserving Energy"
"Stephen Hawking in the Zero Grav"
"FUCK YEAH!!!!"
"You're doing it wrong"
"He might what?"
"As a long time Call of Duty player  this is how I feel playing the BF3 Beta"
"The Gaming Last Supper"
"Thought you girls might enjoy this (same girl in all frames)"
"Fight the Rain (HD  National Geographic Photo Winner)"
"Young girl smoking"
"We headed out or what?"
"A group photo on a bridge gone wrong"
"Alpaca before and after shearing. That is all."
"A better choice"
"A 4channer tattoo's a penis onto the forehead of an unconscious party goer."
"Winter Resort"
"The truth of the &quot;reddiquette&quot;"
"When I'm assigned reading in an intro-level class as a senior"
"Can anyone name them all?"
"how many pizzas?"
"Mr. President  the stargate is almost complete. (Reuters/China Daily)"
"now your a.... oh well you already know"
"Just another Japanese game show"
"The most satisfying GIF on the internet"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"amazing talent .."
"Nothing is cooler"
"sometimes when i'm alone..."
"I don't know what to title this. But it's funny"
"So there I was deep in the Karma mines of Google's Image province  when I stumbled upon this  uh  thing."
"My reaction when I finally find a worthy cake-day gif  only to discover it's a repost."
"Cool haircut bro..."
"In-house security. [ORIGINAL CONTENT]"
"GUYS! GUYS! SQUIRREL! GUYS! SQUIRREL! [OC]"
"Stop it!"
"How to get free Lunch...."
"I don't even..."
"These pics are getting ridiculous... From my news feed."
"A 16 year old pregnant girl shared this on Facebook"
"rebbit"
"Studio Ghibli Characters in Real Life"
"Religion  a synopsis"
"Truly WTF."
"&quot;Not bad&quot;"
"Underwater Sculptures in Cancun  Mexico."
"Grown man surfs dumpsters for diapers and wears them"
"Do you see her spinning clockwise or counterclockwise?"
"Shit bitch"
"Future classrooms?"
"Call it Camouflage (moved here by request)"
"I can relate to that."
"Waking up to some unexpected karma"
"Strolling through reddit and i see an r/WTF thread nearing front page..."
"Full extasis"
"wat"
"Today we are going to learn how to kill a walrus."
"Today was a good day"
"The difference is clear."
"Today marks the start of Ramadan. To all my friends at r/exmuslim enjoy this plate of bacon"
"Work would be awesome if..."
"r/Gaming if HL3 rumors are true."
"What getting help from Reddit is like"
"Win you thought you would? Laugh you make me."
"Took a wrong turn on the Internet... Again...."
"Best use for pizza I've seen."
"My favorite game/first game i ever owned"
"Sorcery!"
"Big Jake  the tallest horse in the world"
"It probably seemed like a genius idea at the time…"
"The POTUS making it rain"
"A Happy Little Birthday to Bob Ross"
"Think  think  think"
"He was so young."
"How I feel when I have to greet a relative I dislike."
"Realizing today is my Cake Day and it's close to midnight"
"I bet you do!"
"LEAKED source code of reddit's upvote/downvote algorithm"
"wtf dog"
"The flavor is infectious"
"How to dance to dubstep."
"Awwwwwwww"
"Makes you wonder "
"I don't know what it is about Steve Buscemi's eyes..."
"Whenever I hear a Canadian complain about American's long weekend"
"simple train etiquette"
"~PSY~Duck...Gangnam Pokemon Style"
"Damn! Forgot the milk"
"Cake makes everything okay."
"Winter is Walken around the corner"
"Amazing: Actual picture of the Saturn"
"Destination - How to get there [pic]"
"Time to fap"
"If Romney and Obama switched hair..."
"Hair swap!"
"Guys. Here's a tip. Quit bitching and..."
"First day of filming"
"Is it racist..."
"Gymnastics... Like a boss (x-post /r/gifs)"
"Stuck it!!"
"Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light  according to MSNBC (CORRECTION) - Imgur"
"That's it. I'm done. Get me off of this planet."
"Memes"
"Move Bitch!"
"Im on a highway to......forget it im going to hell"
"Found at my girlfriend's work"
"Skrillex (cage edition)"
"Oh fuck"
"Ads that wordlessly explain their product"
"Make a wish!"
"#swag"
"Whenever I see someone who has &quot;swag&quot;"
"Cough syrup"
"&quot;Never half-ass two things...&quot; - Ron Swanson [495x273]"
"Diet Coke"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"So... 4chan is the purest form of art?"
"Why would a Springbok need it's own website."
"Pit bull puppy bubble bath"
"My reaction upon finishing watching The Matrix back 1999"
"I think I can do this"
"Limbo"
"I dont even know what to say to this."
"What it was like getting out of my spot this morning"
"I Bet You Can't Throw This Wood Into A Bin Behind You While Blindfolded."
"Pumpkin Carving !"
"Little Endian  or Big Endian?"
"According to the Mayans"
"I'm wondering where all these posts are right now..."
"And the angel said to him"
"I believe this should be reposted"
"How I felt when I first found Reddit"
"lol"
"Every God damn time."
"When you're caught doing something remarkably nerdy by someone impossibly awesome."
"How I feel when someone insults me  and i return with a great comeback"
"Popular logos: first vs current"
"Perspective"
"How I feel waking up at 6 on the last day of finals."
"Dawn of the Final Year"
"Sunrise Reflected in a Bubble  Norway"
"Dat ass"
"Phin and Jake Jump on it"
"Beware notorious Bum Driller on the loose - Only in Uganda!"
"He's back..."
"Imma boop your head!"
"I love this comic  thought it might belong here"
"There's no way like the American way"
"What a JERK! [Animated GIF]"
"Fail Trick"
"Dolphins Crash in air"
"Draw Something choices"
"mhmmmmmm"
"Ghetto Eurobop"
"Is your housemate an atheist?"
"It all makes sense now."
"It all makes sense now!"
"Don't we all just want to fly away?"
"How I feel when I see a TIL on the front page that I already knew  and could have posted."
"I don't often bust a move  but when I do it's in pixels"
"I used to love this GIF and just recently rediscovered it."
"Hehehe stop it!"
"The ugly hand of man"
"Flame fight"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"Doing Halloween right (and Sesame Street wrong)"
"Sleepy Time!"
"Kochia Hill  Hitachinaka City  Japan [960x1440]"
"disney and porn  an unfortunate truth...."
"Volcano in Chile"
"Incredible photo of the Puyehue volcano eruption [fixed]"
"Keep yo pimp hand strong"
"you are here"
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"Calvin and Hobbes vs. Pooh Bear (grown up style)"
"Mitt Romney wants to shut off PBS?"
"One wish"
"Afro Zebra"
"Mind = Blown"
"White Girls vs Black Girls"
"Time to die."
"I &lt;3 anal"
"Special Olympics"
"A vending machine that would give you an already lit cigarette for a penny  England 1931.[628x878]"
"So Many Options  What to chose..."
"So Stephen Fry Just Tweeted This..."
"We're jst going to hold our hands"
"Just a spider shedding it's skin."
"Why God never received a PHD"
"Why god never received a Ph.D"
"They see me rollin"
"Trust."
"Sway with me"
"When I see a hilarious post and find out in the comments it was a repost."
"My Girlfriend who is a reddittor said &quot;i like GW&quot; i then proceeded to say &quot;me too&quot; then i realize..."
"New favorite gif. Period."
"Not the thinking chair!!!"
"Why would anyone think that Mitt Romney really likes money?"
"Whenever I attempt to dance in a club"
"In honour of all the &quot;not sure if repost&quot; posts. Ya  it's a fucking repost!"
"99.9% positive that this is true."
"Victory dance"
"Saturday Morning"
"Come on Facebook"
"This is what your darling child looks like on the inside."
"I can't be the only one.."
"How I feel about the iPhone 5 having another row of apps."
"How I feel going from one 17'' monitor to two 27'' monitors."
"Oh Superman  you so funny!"
"An extremely rare white rhino  of which there are only four left in the entire world  in the Kenyan Ol Pejeta reservation  roams about the plains flanked by armed bodyguards"
"Son ?"
"When my girlfriend tries to finish a sentence for me"
"Puppy sits on kid's head"
"Oh Johnny!"
"I don't see any Ice Giants..."
"Been a Redditor for just over a year now. I think I got this down."
"After my first college course this is how I felt"
"I always find this picture funny"
"I have a different sense of humor than my sister...This is how I feel around her."
"When my girlfriend makes a joke"
"Remember me... as a lizard..."
"Teddy Roosevelt VS. Bigfoot"
"I bet most redditors wished they were this guy"
"the god of reddit"
"cat beard"
"Hank Hill on Christian Rock"
"My current wallpaper. I can't find anything that fits me better than this."
"I like turtles..."
"Just a spider eating a snake"
"Risky Business"
"When I found out I have the most karma out of all my redditor friends."
"Jerkman to the rescue!"
"First time I gave a blowjob"
"I think they go together pretty well."
"good news everyone."
"Just Prof. Farnsworth"
"So  not going camping with them."
"Perfect soldier"
"Bertception"
"Me and my girlfriend watching a movie when suddenly she asks me if I want a blowjob"
"That's... sexy?"
"Another example of police hypocrisy"
"I feel so much safer now officer..."
"norse crisis flowchart"
"Slam dunk cat."
"How my friends and I reacted when we found out a 5th season to Parks and ecreation was coming out."
"How I feel trying to fix a problem on my PC sometimes..."
"Why i love Dr. House / Hugh Laurie"
"The Tale of the One Legged Dog:Caution-Can break your Heart"
"Speed junkie dog"
"well at least he looks good doing it."
"Why teams don't like playing the Tigers"
"Shooting Nerfs  got a good shot..."
"So angry"
"It's not my reddit birthday. It's my actual birthday. I turn 26 today."
"MFW everyone around me is talking about the World Series"
"How I feel about the Olympics."
"Yes  how can I help you?"
"When you see it.. eat dots"
"dont drink and drive"
"Babes in Toyland"
"My favorite repost"
"Someone has a new friend"
"Top gear - must be a terrible show."
"We've all done it"
"El Duelo"
"My friend is part of the creative team that came up with this billboard"
"Does this scare you?"
"Baby  can you get me a beer?"
"'Pretty Death'?"
"When Reddit is down"
"No post on Sundays."
"Baby's first steps [gif]"
"A pug dressed as a pug"
"Laziness in its purest form."
"I give you the original Slender Man. [fixed]"
"Wishbone had it right all along."
"Hells Angles show up to thwart the Westboro B.C protests at the recent Newtown funeral processions."
"Madden? Keep it. These are the only football games I need."
"whenever i see &quot;omg i laughed so long at this one!&quot;"
"You missed your cake day?"
"sleep well"
"title writes itself"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [Fixed]"
"Man's choice in colors vs woman's choice in colors"
"Escape is futile..."
"*kapow*"
"Pacino/ Through the Fire &amp; Flames"
"Library Building"
"BOOM  Headshot!"
"My mind when listening to dubstep..."
"Dark Forest with Rain"
"Electron microscope image of a Male maggot FIXED [PIC]"
"A maggot as seen through an electron microscope. This could not possibly be more fitting"
"4 of the Australian Synchro Swimming team... my new favourite Olympic sport."
"Australian waterpolo team"
"Tard the Grumpy Cat was on CBS 5 Morning News in Phoenix"
"OP goes to America"
"Guess I'll walk."
"Remember  when attaching a Space Shuttle to its 747 carrier aircraft  always..."
"He's a damn liar!"
"Toroidal vortex"
"Whatcha thinkin abou"
"Karma Siblings"
"The Best Film Synopsis Ever"
"Religious right  you're moving to Canada if Obama gets reelected?"
"Best Toilet Paper Name in The World - Found in China"
"Picture of an adorable little baby Bat"
"Them little bat feets"
"You're a wizard Harry. Ya don't say?!"
"Best &quot;don't do drugs&quot; sign I've seen"
"Here's to all having their cakeday."
"Meteor over UK"
"Stephen Colbert mercilessly attacks innocent wildlife"
"Swagger!"
"It's a theory..."
"Whores uniform"
"When you makes a spelling and grammor errors on reddit as a joke"
"Chillin' with my chicks"
"Never mess with a cow"
"I'm so sorry  son"
"In the coldness of winter  his Noodliness revealed to us!"
"After I saw pictures of a girl I know on r/gonewild [Fixed]"
"Sunset Upvote"
"Just a fox on the underground."
"This is a Flemish Giant  the largest breed of rabbit there is."
"Real Life Mario Cart!"
"As a someone who is working  my reaction to seeing all these &quot;8 AM Class&quot; posts"
"Sunshine  Lollipops  and Seagal"
"I ran out of bad guys ..."
"THE best picture on the internet  according to google."
"Why does this exist?"
"This awesome cat picture just showed up on my newsfeed..."
"Who needs a cat anyway? [Fixed]"
"Overly Attached Nic Cage"
"Overly Attractive Nicholas Cage"
"OANC???"
"Aw Hell Yea"
"Found this image in my newsfeed."
"Evolution stahp"
"Evolution"
"If you stare at the center long enough  the purple circles disappear."
"I see your house in Poland and raise this building in Orlando"
"How my parents must have felt when I was younger."
"Just a tip for amateur photographers about flash photography"
"Gotta have my 90's"
"Always be courteous"
"Rorschach said it best"
"No no no no NO"
"Dave Chapelle's prediction for December 21  2012."
"Deal with it."
"Yes  yes I would."
"Yeah.. Used to"
"Used to."
"Used to."
"When you get to a job interview and they say they're not hiring anymore"
"Every Day"
"Hadouken!"
"Oppa Humping style"
"Poor man  I'm glad you got some help."
"You're not welcome here  cat."
"This image still makes me choked up inside  I'm from Iowa so this was all over the news  heart breaking and also shows how loyal man's best friend truly is."
"Yin Yang"
"How people react when lifting my Scottish kilt during carnaval for giggles"
"When I'm looking through a girl's Facebook and I realize I accidentally liked a picture from 2 years ago..."
"Everyone in the class when our professor said what we were going over was supposed to be a review."
"To the recent influx of unfunny Facebook screenshots"
"Oh  shit."
"I'm pretty sure this is how EA releases games."
"A microscopic image of sand"
"Hank's sex life..."
"Rejected"
"Darn homos..."
"How I feel returning to work after over 2 weeks off"
"coming back to work after working from home all last week"
"COME AT... COME AT ME BRO!"
"As a kid  this was my dream bedroom..."
"I know that feel Snoopy"
"Browser requirements for my online class. It's going to be a long semester."
"Oh  you wanted to wash your hands for more than 4 seconds?"
"Spiders can be cute too..kind of"
"How it feels to repost and still get upvotes."
"The club can't handle my swag"
"These moves cannot be matched"
"Alison Brie in Community outtakes"
"This swedish McDonalds has a pretty clear employment policy."
"When people take forever to open the door..."
"short version of Raiders of the Lost Ark as a pixelly gif"
"Commence nostalgia"
"I fucking hate these"
"Oh my!"
"r/aww needs more narwhal"
"So doing this for Christmas."
"It must have been a hobby..."
"When i hear a youth call the Beetles &quot;Fags&quot;"
"Oh your telling me how to play a game that I've been playing for years?"
"MC Cat"
"Rob gets the party starting"
"Does anyone need to borrow this video I found in my basement?"
"Two pets for the price of one!"
"Only in Math."
"Who Knew Hitler was so Sassy"
"Lazy cat gives no f*cks"
"In a one horse open nay..."
"No  definitely NOT a good look."
"The Four Horsemen"
"Oh shit  this is my song!!"
"When Something I Upvote In /new makes the front page"
"Gotta Get Dat-"
"Retoast"
"That's gross"
"Karmadecay says this hasn't been posted here."
"How I feel every day of my life"
"Coming home from someones house after a one night stand."
"Like a sir"
"I guess he saw it coming  but decided to do it anyhow"
"This is my crazy uncle who thinks he has superhero powers"
"I think Netflix is broken..."
"During Hoover Dam construction."
"Mitt ROMEAWAWAWAWAWA"
"Better watch your butt.."
"You lucky drunk bastard!"
"OMG WATCH THIS GUY GET HIT BY A CAR"
"I'm sorry if my atheism offends you....(not sure if repost)"
"How I feel browsing reddit on without res installed"
"Get a room."
"come at me  bro."
"So that's where Ludacris was talking about."
"Interesting toilet in Germany"
"Interview with a Cannibal. [Fixed]"
"found this while browsing maxgif.."
"kitty push-pop"
"Trying to down vote anything with cats on Reddit"
"What raiders seem to do when you shoot and miss."
"The Milky Way  shot from the North Sea coast"
"Every time someone points an elastic band at me."
"Reddit trolls"
"Oh god I'm going to hell."
"Popped up on the IMBD website."
"Have fun sleeping tonight (SFW  but NSFL)"
"Yeah...not quite."
"So this just appeared in my facebook feed..."
"Posting this in my office today."
"Finland  you are officially more badass than Australia."
"Did you see it? Watch the crib."
"So creepy..."
"I can't help but feel like this when OP on the front page replies to my comment.."
"HIW my first to successful posts get 200+ karma in a new subreddit."
"B-52 Stratofortress"
"Bugs"
"Advice from an Ent [3]"
"Whenever I make a model"
"Smith!"
"Life before google"
"How I feel when my posts hit the front page"
"Never has there been a truer statement (x-post from r/wallpapers)"
"All I could think of when I saw this.."
"cats'n'racks level: unreachable"
"Trail of puppies"
"A trail of puppies"
"Whenever I see an upvote gif"
"Whenever I see an obvious repost with a witty new title which made me laugh."
"Aurora And The Milky Way."
"Signing onto Facebook this morning"
"When I visit a site and music starts playing"
"Whenever my parents are having an arguement."
"When I see a super long post at 3 A.M."
"How to make your business grow"
"For those about to burn"
"Um  what the? (NSFW)"
"After 8 seasons of House I've learned..."
"Ski instructor"
"This pretty much sums up my life"
"Japan gets true love right [FIXED]"
"GOP Style!"
"The Goliath Tiger Fish... Never going into another body of water again"
"Do you think it will swing?"
"Like a boss"
"Ye.. Uh n.. Ah fuck"
"Mail is here xpost from r/funny"
"Guys.. guys... GUYS!!"
"Whenever i try to remember something."
"Canada may be America's hat  but . . ."
"Trump is running for president. Guess it's only a matter of time now."
"YEAH CANDY FUCK HIM UP MY NIGGA"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Not sure if repost  just saw this gem of a picture on my fb feed."
"A true fuck the police moment (Irish Cops)"
"D Day."
"A picture of the Invasion of Normandy in 1944"
"Unloading Supplies after the Invasion of Normandy"
"Avengers Gangnam Style"
"Band of clowns"
"&quot;Back the fuck up!&quot;"
"My favorite picture of Batman..."
"Here's a trick for you lazy potatoes! (xpost from r/trees)"
"i love this."
"What the ?? Oh it's a Beta version alright - Imgur"
"On the Edge of the Earth"
"What watching the debate was like for me"
"How I feel whenever I shave my beard"
"Looking at the comment section of CNN's &quot;Curiosity&quot; story"
"HARDCORE PARKOUR!"
"Cat vs lasers"
"HARDCORE PARKOUR!"
"The humiliation is too overwhelming"
"Both of These Billboards Have Sold Me"
"Amazing Lion"
"Doc with amazing mask!!"
"Top 10 Sexiest Halloween Costumes"
"As an Android user  this is how I feel about all the iphone stuff being posted."
"As a lifelong PC guy  Here's a summary of my first day with W8"
"Abandoned World War II Monuments and Memorials in Yugoslavia"
"Using the Men's Room: Small penis: 10 cents Big penis: 2 Euros"
"The signs know something about Romeny the rest of the room doesn't..."
"&quot;I'm a vampire! I'm a vampire!&quot;"
"My wallpaper since I found out I have cancer."
"We are the white walkers"
"&quot;Every friday...&quot;"
"Brace yourselves..."
"ohmygawdthisisadorable"
"Whenever i step on my dog by mistake..."
"Swag activated."
"the cartoon BAMF"
"Yes  this gun is bigger than yours"
"I question you a mustache."
"I thought the potato was just a vegetable"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn."
"Pop up fireworks!"
"good night little one"
"Maru2D2"
"definition of being beast"
"Iron-Man 3 explained (fb)"
"How I handle anyone while typing."
"He does live up to the tattoo on his chest..."
"I want this kid to be my friend"
"Please tell them all I was a good chicken"
"Saw this in r/funny  thought it belonged here..."
"Ready!"
"When I go to r/aww"
"Drinks"
"Lovely puking skull art by graf writer  Typoe."
"Mortal Kombat Prom [x-post r/funny]"
"Mortal Prombat"
"We've all felt like this"
"The greatest pick up line of all time."
"A new one does not simply has arrived."
"Breaking up isn't hard to do."
"Found this book online"
"Luckily I didn't lock my bicycle there today."
"My history professor said that if he made a rap album this would be the cover."
"I'm going to put my head in your bum  so you can hear me better..."
"so u like owls right?"
"Don't you need a ramp or something?"
"Brois Johnson and David Cameron dancing to the Spice Girls. Why has this country not been nuked yet?!"
"C'mon Jeffy  make daddy proud"
"Getting assassinated is a pretty traumatizing experience."
"holy shit bike wreck"
"You're doing it wrong. Definitely wrong."
"It is the truth..."
"Churchtank Type 8"
"Tropical Storm Issac: Never Forget"
"what we all learned from tonight's debate"
"From the message board on a website to find roommates at my school. Am I missing something?"
"So that's how they won the house cup."
"I like gryffindor."
"How to write good."
"O Mario what have you done"
"Mario  Why Would You Do That?!"
"The Most American Photo Ever [FIXED]"
"Paper Matrix"
"The Revolutionary iPhone 5"
"You will not find a more Canadian picture [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Terraced rice field"
"So  I was bored"
"Bubble popping in slow motion"
"Shut up  Tony."
"This guy looks like a real dickhead."
"Obi Wan speaks out on the INSIDE JOBNESS of the 9/11."
"Well I could not agree more."
"Nailed it."
"lake of fire"
"Lake of Fire - Mount Nyiragongo  Congo"
"Mecha lassie will destroy us all"
"Nobody ever asks.. how's waldo?"
"Jimmy Hendrix Experience"
"Oh how much has changed"
"The sad truth of car radios."
"White supremacy. Don't just do it  B&amp;Q it."
"No title necessary."
"Natural Selection Makes Me Smarter"
"Doesn't matter whose fan you are. This is ridiculous."
"Touchception"
"HOLY 'MURRICA!!!"
"Face swapped my inlaws... No differences to report."
"Greatest photobomb ever."
"What I believe trolls are like when someone reacts to their posts."
"Looking through my fb friends."
"Zombie apocalypse safe house"
"How to get rid of an overly attached girlfriend..."
"SAP at the store"
"I love dogwhistles."
"Faces [pic]"
"Is there an updated version of &quot;Large videgame worlds&quot; picture?"
"I use to like Legos"
"O__O"
"Scooty-Puff  Jr.?"
"when did they start making American SCUBA equipment?"
"Wall-e II: Ocean Adventure"
"This guy works at my local Apple Store."
"And you wonder why Samsung copied all of Apple's designs..."
"I switch my desktop image everyday  this is today's."
"soiled it"
"are you a little cold?"
"Imagine this beeing a toddler"
"Time-Lapse of a Molting Spider Crab"
"Time Lapse of Molting Spider Crab [gif]"
"Red-neck me right round"
"Me walking around my room after a spider gets away from me."
"Hipster Jokes make me laugh."
"Friend posted this on Instagram today."
"Just a baby otter with a bottle"
"Dafuq Steam?"
"best friends forever"
"Cuteness... Overload..."
"Math Atheist"
"So... Found this while searching &quot;I'm sciencing as fast as I can.&quot;"
"My friend who has diabetes made this his profile picture"
"Not bad."
"The most detail picture of a black hole taken.(x-post/science)"
"My son playing in every sandbox"
"Great Masses of the Universe"
"It's hard to get tired of this picture"
"Searched 'What the internet likes' was not disappointed"
"This freaks me out everytime - Cellphone in Microwave"
"How I feel when the average Redditor mentions something from their childhood."
"A combination of Reddit's favourite things at the moment."
"Over-posted image: Now with 1000% more fire!"
"What is really happening on Mars"
"Curiosity in Mars"
"When girls overdose on makeup."
"USS Dwight D. Eisenhower POV"
"Meanwhile in Australia....."
"Bailing from the Big Wave"
"This goes here."
"Making the best out of a bad situation"
"Meth...not even once for droids"
"Oh debates are just the best!"
"All I can Think Of Watching Pres Debates"
"What I got from the debate."
"Dat ass"
"Ha! Toyssss @.@"
"Blue Skies"
"Dam I miss this guy"
"I believe I can fly..."
"Mini-Me [gif]"
"How do I even title this...?"
"I literally said &quot;WTF&quot;."
"Death? Not today."
"i see your running raddish  and raise you pregnant pumpkin"
"Best pupmpkin carving ever!!"
"The Narwal Bacons."
"What really happened when you explained memes to your mom."
"An effective trap"
"Saw this on my neighbor's house  thought you might like it."
"Really close up picture of an eye."
"Dick squasher"
"Made this for a friend who shared something on facebook immediately after I shared it  to the same people."
"What I say to telemarketers"
"Giant Leopard Moth is actually very cute."
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"Derp"
"Smile!"
"Ahh  Glasshoppah  you have much to rearn."
"Reddit  Meet Zeus."
"Cold blooded killer"
"The first thing I thought of when I saw the horse riding GIF"
"New virus discovered: Humans!"
"If anyone ever brings up Pascal's Wager use this quote."
"He's not mine  but it would be a crime not share"
"Final boss"
"Puppy Dreams (x-post r/cinemagraphs)"
"Someone actually spent time making this..."
"Duck in a cup"
"That's not how you blow out a candle"
"Redditor Works for government lab experimenting on abducted alien cats for Karma"
"Pretty awesome alternate Adventure Time art."
"nice guy...."
"bunk bed inception"
"This is why I never go in the garage..."
"Attempting to cook anything but ramen noodles"
"When you put off your assignment until late the night before it's due..."
"OMG!"
"Yo guys....Wake Up!"
"This protester is going around my FB feed."
"Making the best of a bad situation"
"We run this shit!"
"&quot;I see no God up here...&quot;"
"Yuri Gagarin gets it."
"Ghosts of WWII. (Reichstag Berlin)"
"Fuck yeah right in the fucking face HISSSSSS. [x post from /pics]"
"Every time you post something."
"Awesome Dog"
"SOMEBODY HELP ME!"
"this always makes me laugh"
"Deedee"
"Took this when I was dog-sledding in Canada  his name is 'Echo'"
"Math class"
"Wat."
"Fuck that bitch"
"Don't stare at the Balls."
"Keanu  just stop it"
"How to properly remove an unconscious co-worker during a fire."
"In Case of Fire"
"That's what all cubicle gamers must do  right?"
"Let me fight this boss"
"Hey  reddit. Do you remember that girl a month ago that made a hat of snoo? Turns out she's pretty good at making other stuff  too  upon request. Just got mine in the mail today and I couldn't be happier."
"Skyrim for the Gameboy with music"
"My kitten wants to make sure they look squeaky clean for their pictures.."
"How those of us without dads feel every father's day"
"hey my turn! my turn!"
"Gudvangen  Norway [1920×1200]"
"Gudvangen village  Norway"
"Kill the PAC man"
"This is awful and in poor taste. That being said  what the fuck is this and why does it exist?"
"Reddit after sunrise"
"Co worker opened the fridge and asked if I had seen a big tube of meat. I couldn't really respond so I went with this."
"My mate Nathan in &quot;Humpback&quot;"
"So Thirsty"
"Stupid fundies:"
"Will be using this gif a lot"
"Trying to see out the airplane window from the aisle seat"
"Me after depositing money into my online poker account."
"So.... what if you have to jump off?"
"Why you shouldn't go to a club at a [7]"
"48 days until this is over..."
"My people need me"
"iP...d"
"How I feel showing our house to buyers while we still live there."
"When you are having a bad day"
"When I try to hit on someone at a bar"
"Enough is enough"
"Faces morphing into each other (It's all about the eyes)"
"Why rock always wins! (rock/paper/scissors)"
"disco jesus died for your synthesizers (xpost r/wtf)"
"Newspaper man"
"Not strangers any more"
"Believe"
"That moment when you zone out and then realize what you're looking at"
"Excuse me Sir  have you seen three cats running by? [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Security guard on late night watch."
"that went well."
"This is why I love Ted from scrubs"
"How I wish exams went for me..."
"Awesome costume"
"Something about this post-Sandy photo really leaves a strong impression"
"Quote from a stabbed man"
"Quote from man stabbed..."
"I like your glasses"
"Caturday. That is all."
"Dogfighting at it's finest."
"PSY - Gangnam style (album)"
"Seek and Destroy"
"Tetris sky diving  that is all."
"♫ Rain drops keep falling on my head...♪"
"This is one collectible guaranteed to stay in its original packaging"
"Do I smell watermelon"
"The greatest feeling."
"It's... It's beautiful"
"You just got served."
"Ow my sides..."
"A comet in the middle"
"You've changed me  reddit. You're all assholes."
"The way my cousins dog plays dead"
"(F)ound the secret to Reddit"
"Extreme Jaccuzi - A Jaccuzi Suspended From 600 Foot High Bridge"
"Lost Cat"
"Had never actually seen a horse smile before..."
"Ladies and gentleman  the most pathetic reaction in horror movie history."
"I flossed today. Sort of felt like this."
"omfgomfgomfgomfg...OMFG!!!"
"Researching the history of MGM and found this. Thought Reddit would like it."
"After my weekly shop.."
"Amazing photo of Biden and Ryan after the debate."
"Caption contest time!"
"There's a lot of sexual tension in this picture"
"Blu ray"
"Ray Charles is back"
"Sideburns"
"Nice ride!"
"Look I'm not monkeying around here"
"some men just want's to watch the world burn"
"I think I'll use a different stall.."
"I would gladly pay to see this"
"The Deadly Facts About Water"
"Peter is proud"
"When I fail hitting on a girl."
"Bicycle Kick"
"I do too  Kevin  I do too...."
"How i feel about the whole olympic women thing..."
"Doing my part to fight breast cancer via Pornhub"
"I've shat my pantaloons!"
"Just..... Why.... The placenta teddy bear."
"A brief history of the world told by tree rings."
"Churchill sits on one of the damaged chairs from Hitler's bunker in Berlin  1945. [760x800]"
"Churchill sits on one of the damaged chairs from Hitler's bunker in Berlin  1945."
"I choose you!"
"Yeah?!? Well come out here and say that!!!"
"How I picture Reddit during OAG's AMA"
"How Husbands are reacting to the remember your anniversary wedding ring"
"i just wanna fly."
"How I feel missing my Cake Day by 3 Days."
"Here  have an upvote."
"Look at the 9/11 fucks I don't give."
"Oh Siri  you feisty minx!"
"Clearly Steve Jobs was a redditor."
"So my Asian friend asked Siri if she was Asian  well played Siri"
"Some men just want the world to burn.."
"Never Forget - Can't believe it has been a year"
"It's been a year. 8/23/2011 Never Forget"
"It's been one year since the devastating earthquake that shook the East coast."
"&quot;i&quot; would be his friend"
"Dinner Time"
"Dinner Time"
"Gangnam clang"
"Whenever I browse r/new"
"How can you resist?"
"There there..."
"sexy nazi"
"How I(white) feel when a black guy(black) refers to me as n1gger"
"The Smithsonian tells it like it is."
"Gimme Fue  Gimme Fai!"
"This guy hasn't had bath since the summer of '69"
"After Germany beat the Netherlands yesterday - Haters gonna hate"
"I know what you are"
"This is a leptocephalus"
"Data [Brent Spiner] reading the script between takes at Paramount Studios"
"Nando's knows how to advertise..."
"Nando's humour"
"Checkmate Physics"
"What happens when I try to run in a dream [FIXED]"
"New title!"
"LET THE BABIES HIT THE FLOOR"
"LET THE BABIES HIT THE FLOOR"
"My worst fear."
"Not a single fuck was given that hot day."
"Like a boss"
"Inexcusable"
"A good surprise is priceless..."
"It's the Friday before a holiday weekend. Let's see how things are looking for work today."
"Ice Cube and Snoop Lion"
"How I feel when I hop on my bike"
"Hope he has tiger blood"
"Cricket player Andrew Strauss destroys his own sunglasses. (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"ball fail (x-post for r/funny)"
"Go... Save yourself!"
"My theaters reaction to the ending of &quot;Sinister&quot;"
"Fuck gravity.."
"Bert &amp; Ernie/Henson &amp; Oz"
"This is how Belgium protests"
"How kids in my dorm apparently pee"
"Latest development from our robot lab"
"A dog fight."
"Seriously  wtf...(x-post morbidreality)"
"Gangsta"
"Viva la resolution"
"Resolution!"
"warm up jumps"
"My body's natural position."
"Ari Downvote"
"Little rascals kissing..or appear to be."
"You better get out of his way..."
"This scares me for some reason"
"Johns weather forecasting stone!!"
"For when the weather man is wrong."
"Every time I see a NSFW/Gore tag....."
"Let's be honest: this horse deserves upvotes"
"No means No"
"This guy is doing it right!"
"This sushi is made of what?"
"When all my friends discuss their plans for Valentines together..."
"This idea opened my eyes to the world around me"
"Still can't decide how I feel about this.."
"Batman  what have you done?"
"that is simply...AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Went looking for a new cat crate for going to the vet  found something far superior. I look forward to not using a leash anymore."
"UH OH!"
"OH SHIT"
"Those must be some serious symptoms"
"One of the small reasons for why I love Reddit."
"Annoyed Because i stopped him to meet his girlfriend"
"Found this while searching google for a washer and dryer."
"NFL replacement referees in a nutshell..."
"The NFL replacement refs this season"
"Monday Night Football"
"One of the many good laughs I've gotten from reddit in the past year..."
"Alfred Hitchcock \m/ [x-post r/movies]"
"Dogs down the street from me hugging"
"this just came up on my newsfeed...."
"Watch out  we got a badass over here."
"Absolutely terrifying."
"Nick Nolte riding a bumper car."
"Actions speak louder than words."
"Skeletor !!"
"Please Flush!"
"Very bendy"
"No  no  no."
"Frozen in time"
"This sums up my life.."
"Googled &quot;best picture ever&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"Sleepy Hollow."
"Some days.."
"Kit-Kat Lasagna [FIXED]"
"You rock!"
"You have to see this."
"Spongebob is one of us."
"Got Milk?"
"Photoshop in Syria"
"OMGITSPINS!"
"Had a rough day today..but this brought me back."
"Clown Frogs - given the binomial name of Dendropsophus leucophyllatus are natives of South America’s rain forests"
"Smashing"
"Nice Moves."
"Going to leave the kitchen when suddenly........"
"I now support cannibalism"
"when law makers are all men."
"I can't think of title for this .... but I find it hilarious"
"Happy 70th Birthday Bob"
"And I thought *I* was a bad parent"
"When the person before you doesn't flush"
"back boobs..."
"Man  I miss this dude!"
"Every kid on Facebook who thinks they're BadAss"
"Unbalanced Load"
"Just completed my third day without smoking"
"Don't tell me what to do"
"Oh  i didn't know i wasn't allowed to do that."
"That's Right  Obama Did Win."
"Magic chair - you can fold it and carry where ever you go."
"How all 9GAGers look like"
"door way to hell"
"Senator - ummmmm... what?"
"How I feel when playing minesweeper"
"How I feel browsing r/funny with a severe cough and diarrhea..."
"Poisonous air"
"Keanu On The Vatican"
"This changes everything"
"Last Meal"
"A Mother's Love.."
"Ozzy having fun at the wax museum [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"baby chipmunk praying"
"Trustworthiness of Beards"
"So we meet again!"
"Picard and his magic fingers."
"Insensitive cat"
"Bullshit Level"
"My ex girlfriend called me when she was drunk this weekend and asked if she could come over to my place and &quot;play video games&quot;..."
"burbrlbrl"
"We've all been there..."
"r/gamings relationship with gaben"
"well..what are the odds?"
"Smugness embodied. Best picture of Obama  ever."
"I'm seeing a trend..."
"Just a hardworking Indian."
"This might not end very well"
"someone lost their dawg"
"these guys were on my campus today"
"Haha! Got this off my friend's fb page..."
"two full boxes of cereal and no milk"
"Things to do at work..."
"This isn't the Hitler I remember from history class"
"Titler (NSFW)"
"Many of you have probably seen this photo a thousand times  but to me it's the most heart melting thing I've ever seen. What about you  what's opened your heart?"
"Please  help a hometown hero."
"Dear Maxis  please remake this magnificent game."
"The truth"
"Best part of E3 so far [fixed]"
"Learn from the meditation master."
"Because he is a cat"
"Frank the cat"
"Fly away friend. Fly away."
"Cow  go home. You are drunk."
"From /b/ to f7u12"
"How I think of the New Zealand border as a Australian"
"What a lovely... Christmas tree! (x-post)"
"How we are adapting to iOS6 in London"
"For the benefit of those using iOS 6..."
"For iOS6 Users"
"Scumbag Steve goes to the movies"
"There's always that one kid..."
"Whoever thougt of this was a genius."
"That look. You know the one."
"In case you want earrings for the ears on your ears"
"P.S. Ninjas are dumb."
"Shocking Pic of Chaiten Volcano eruption"
"Teacher catching me chewing gum in class.. [FIXED]"
"Epic Cake"
"Smart phones"
"A chimp and his tiger"
"NOOOOOOO!"
"I don't think he likes it..."
"In Bread And Proud"
"How I used to spend my Saturdays..."
"Super-minimialist poster for whatever the hell you choose."
"Just drew a picture of God. Thought you lot might like it."
"The only way last night's DNC could've been better"
"How I fall asleep"
"Mom's 13 year old &quot;baby&quot;"
"My mom's cat is... adorable..."
"person pays traffic ticket with 137 oragami pigs in 2 dunkin donut boxes..well played sir"
"Pecking order"
"My only fear when flying"
"Serpent Cat"
"catch this .......:)"
"Breaking Bad artwork"
"Dope Breaking Bad wallpaper."
"Nothing but net."
"TLC or WTF ?"
"How I look when I get porn in the mail"
"Nuh uh"
"The feel I get."
"I just broke 1000 karma!"
"Social Media Explained"
"Hulk mad! Hulk photobomb puny human girls!"
"Never fight with a turtle .."
"Inappropriate sticker placement."
"To celebrate my cakeday  here's a repost of the first thing I ever posted. I made my account just so that I could share it with the internet  and ended up falling in love with this place."
"Egypt: the building I thought was in front is actually behind the other one."
"nom nom nom"
"What Metzitzeh B'peh is and how a baby died from it? Here it is. Cause of baby's death: herpes"
"No...no comment.."
"Should have got a room"
"Don't lie  you'd all love to do this to those PDA couples"
"I would rather take the Yoda"
"We all should."
"After not drinking for a few weeks and then having 3 pints."
"Defacing US currency"
"Defacing US currency"
"Five Dollar Bill"
"Total solar eclipse that just happend in Australia."
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this"
"Jaw penetration"
"Gun fire under water."
"After shower"
"I really want to quit smoking  but........"
"Apartheid"
"Fields of Lavender  Plateau de Valensole  Provence  France"
"The smallest penis on earth."
"Separate lines"
"That moment when your global-range skillshot kills someone across the map."
"When someone  other than me  insults my family"
"Went home for a good home cooked meal and called the steak my dad made dank. His reaction...I think he's an ent..."
"Staring at this and laughed for a good five minutes."
"title writes itself"
"White People"
"First thing on my news feed that's made me laugh for a long while"
"Yes. Yes it is."
"Smoochies!!"
"The sun don't set bitch I just get hungry at dusk"
"Shanghai: 1990 - 2010 [800x955]"
"Body movin"
"But How Do You Eat With It?"
"Rage-o-meter"
"Carrie Fisher looks so young and innocent."
"No."
"How it feels when fellow cake dayers post in your submission"
"Am I the only one who does this when I'm alone?"
"CSI: Hobbiton"
"Screw this  I'm out!"
"Total consciousness"
"Whenever I forget to do a huge assignment."
"Came across this while going through my old hard drive"
"My sister and her friend spent a weekend at the cabin  came back to this.."
"Staying a cat."
"The only negative of being BATMAN"
"How's your Sunday going?"
"Arkansas"
":3 made me laugh"
"Reposting the reposted reposte while being reposted."
"Couldn't think of the perfect title  but this makes me laugh SO hard"
"Understanding women. Volume 1 of 10."
"Man's life"
"Oh hi"
"For Oprah.."
"Stating the obvious  but still........."
"It's been a year since I joined Reddit.. So here's a picture from a forum I used to go on. (NSFW)"
"&quot;For cats only&quot; (x-post r/quebec)"
"There is no god"
"This makes me feel so.. uncomfortable"
"My bike never gets stolen"
"This would be funny if it wasn't true..."
"Telling it like it is."
"Quite hilarious indeed!"
"When a comment on your link gets more votes then your link."
"Air Wave"
"Dragons exist. Okay ???"
"Youtube commenters in a nutshell"
"No compromises."
"Yours To Discover"
"AW FUCK! (NSFW)"
"Earth Is Awesome"
"First post to make me laugh"
"My favorite Halloween costume of all time."
"Ohhh shhhhiiit! New drawz please."
"Commence Pants-Shitting [gif]"
"USA is #1  suck it pakistan [x/post] atheism"
"How the world was created."
"Don't distract Betty White"
"When I accidentally make a spelling error."
"How I feel after reading my Facebook newsfeed for a minute"
"Me vs. The front page!!"
"Just want to make sure you know this exists (xpost from r/sloths)"
"New Year celebration Dec. 31  2011 in Edinburgh"
"I think this sums up a lot of religious people."
"Shore"
"Actual Batman soundtrack!"
"How the Dark Knight Rises should of ended."
"OMFGfoxes"
"Hop in !"
"Get in"
"Whenever a lexus commercial comes on"
"Pool on the 57th Floor of the Marina Bay Sands Casino in Singapore"
"Marina Bay Sands Hotel in Singapore  the coolest swimming pool in the entire world!"
"This movie just screams &quot;What the fuck?!!?&quot;"
"Abstinence"
"Not sure if..."
"I see your Math Blaster  and raise you my favorite childhood edutainment game..."
"Catbercrombie and fitch"
"Walk it Out: Wat edition"
"Sup"
"Just Mark Twain and a shoulder kitten"
"The lower peninsula of the state of Michigan has to deal with &quot;lake effect snow&quot; this time of year. This is a TERRA image of what this currently looks like."
"Statistics"
"Obama in college (1970s)"
"At First I Was Like..."
"How I imagine people yesterday buying powerball tickets"
"What I'm like when I'm wasted"
"Watermelon Carving Win!"
"It's Never What It Looks Like"
"Last nose-to-nose Eskymo kiss"
"President Obama meets Mitt Romney's grandson"
"Uhm. What?"
"This will be people's reaction in the future when finding a twinkie"
"BOOM!"
"Kim Jong Un (A redditor) spends billions of dollars on this rocket just for the karma"
"Fire  the second safest form of transportation!"
"The Terminator...?"
"Never fails to make me laugh."
"This picture was taken this morning  the sign said 'spine' yesterday. ಠ_ಠ"
"Always look both ways."
"Mitt Romney  man of the people."
"My favorite fight gif"
"The beginning is near [pic]"
"There are no words to express how much I fucking love this picture"
"The contract is sealed"
"I'm Not Afraid"
"Searched &quot;freaky card&quot; in Google Images and found this."
"How dare you infect my Facebook with logic!"
"Well that solves that..."
"It was all a dream"
"To Be The Best"
"Behead all those..."
"World's richest woman meets Islam"
"It's sad that none of my friends recognize this gem."
"The fucking best thing about October"
"I was photographing dogs for the humane society and out of no where  a dog attacked me"
"I was looking at help for studying on the Internet when..."
"Hipster Owl"
"Does anybody know where this comes from?"
"Finally  Facebook delivers"
"A fine fucking summary"
"Let's get this party started they said"
"The empire strikes back... at the empire state building."
"Male-Dominated Culture"
"A cruel male-dominated culture  a comparison (pic)"
"lets have a garden party.."
"Just the usual Nazi-Breastmilk-Footbath"
"Overanalysis"
"anon turns alpha"
"The more I hear about atheism+ the more I think this is right"
"Since we're on the topic  does anyone remember THIS educational game?"
"Just other pic of Sandy in New York"
"Here we see a priest blessing guns for the army. Ironic people of the Philippines are Ironic."
"White people? How about..."
"Do your thing Will Smith"
"The Fresh Prince of Death Metal- now in GIF"
"Will and Jazz going hard."
"Will and Jazz going hard."
"Don't like someone? Beard Slap 'Em!"
"You don't run red lights at Gibraltar airport"
"Cuteness overload"
"Soothing her kitten."
"Cat cuddles her Kitten"
"Attractiveness Scale"
"Use the force..."
"Revolutionary... Rotating sink."
"Fuck you Stella"
"Best Friends Forever"
"My brother and I used to do this to each other all the time... and now it is my new favorite gif."
"Hate it when you're in the shower and..."
"Cake is a lie"
"I don't think that's why people hate you..."
"A tribute."
"What if you really saw this happening?"
"Ramp Truck"
"My face when my friend told me he is an atheist"
".....Science?"
"Puppy trap"
"Dawwwwww!"
"Fuck this  I'm tired of this shit."
"Pikachu! I choose yo... uh.. wait a sec.."
"Dad of the Year"
"As a white gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis"
"As a white gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis..."
"Saw this and nearly died laughing"
"Satan's slave."
"Let's Just Take a Look Insi...no  No  NO  NO!"
"my goal"
"Run. Run fast. Don't look back and consider changing your number!"
"Run. Run fast. Don't look back and consider changing your number"
"Record cover from 1967. Ladies man alert. [x-post /r/funny]"
"Words with Friends level: God."
"I see your &quot;Juan Direction&quot; post and raise you this..."
"STUPENDOUS butthurt on Twitter. [x-post from /r/politics]"
"Is this legit? Ryan Gosling as Walt Disney in WALT"
"Russian bishop's hat..."
"Why you should never talk on the phone in the bathroom!"
"Wait for it...."
"Whenever I see the word &quot;fap&quot; referring to non-fapping scenerios in a meme..."
"Autumn Corgi"
"Groceries"
"iMac monitor stand + random spoiler from junk yard = Speed Racer 1000 [FIXED]"
"Oh shit  oh shit  oh shit..."
"Take your son to work day..."
"Fat kid wearing a beanie and smoking a cigarette while two pairs of boys (who are also wearing beanies) pretend to fight in the grassy area of a parking lot."
"To America  from the Rest of the World"
"yo dawg"
"Seals are just dog mermaids.. The cutest wildlife photo ever (via telegraph.co.uk)"
"Best Friends!"
"What do we want? (rally sign)"
"Change you don't have to believe in"
"A poodle. On a roof. That is all."
"Take that bath"
"Felt like this deserved to be here more than anywhere else  &quot;1800s Siberian Hunting Armor&quot; [x-post from r/WTF]"
"For All The &quot;Unique&quot; Guys in The Room"
"went straight up bucatini"
"4Chan - Flirt gone wrong"
"So much spaghetti they gave him an upgrade!"
"Cute: Why is tiger bread c\alled tiger bread…?"
"Hungry polar bears eating a tourist in Norway"
"How I picture Alaska"
"Koalas..."
"why does Snoop dogg need an umbrella?"
"Show me where the bullies are."
"I'll protect you goat-bro!"
"How to get to fifth base"
"Bubble-gum"
"Colts owner Jim Irsay watching the the Denver game tonight."
"After a long heavy night of boozing...this quote sums it up nicely"
"YES I CANT EVEN..."
"dat misty cosplay [fixed]"
"To people who re-post"
"Pigeon? I hope you don't mind if I do  om nom nom"
"How to Own a bus driver....twice"
"When you're talking to a stranger and they accidently spit..."
"My reaction to all the weight loss success story posts"
"Scientific Win"
"Message to one's ex"
"Wow"
"A perfect shot"
"Manly library's response to Lance's interview. [x-post from /r/Australia]"
"Is this photoshopped?"
"So I was stmbling around the internet..."
"Wrong Number?!?"
"Awwness...."
"Two tired little fellows"
"&quot;Thor's Well&quot;. The sight  photo capture  and name are all *epic*."
"It's a beautiful day to be a dog with hands }o:p"
"I'm not sure what's wrong with Stan  but his brother Jeff can melt your soul."
"One of the coolest pictures I've seen in awhile. [pic]"
"Atheist Cat"
"Get the forms of &quot;your&quot; right."
"How I felt after watching the entire Dark Knight trilogy."
"I heard you like Marc Jacobs"
"Let's Dance (with Hitler)"
"I guess he was a gangster of sorts..."
"Self-Sacrifice"
"Friend tried to spoil ending of Dark Knight Rises for me..."
"Cool stache bro (possibly NSFL)"
"My gay friend's response to Chick-fil-a &quot;Appreciation Day&quot; (FB post)"
"Our beloved centipede is almost complete."
"Freddie Wong on his webseries [HL3]"
"Twitter really needs to do more about these spam accounts"
"Twitter really needs to do more to stop these spam accounts"
"Just Chillen"
"Ever wondered what a Space Marine looks like underneath the armour?"
"Six pack in seconds!"
"Every relationship has problems"
"D'aww"
"children  assume the firm  spread-eagle position"
"Wait just a sec for it... NSFW"
"One of the simpler  more elegant arguments I've found."
"Art... At it's very finest."
"Suck My Twat"
"Whenever I fart in the Bathtub"
"I believe this belongs here"
"This is what I got for Christmas this year"
"Flight of valkyries"
"What humans of the future would actually do if they found Wall-e"
"Probably the best wine label ever!"
"Missed connections"
"do you ever just feel like..."
"The Evolution of the New York Skyline from 1876"
"Friend sent me this today. Not sure if the last hope for humanity... or the greatest threat."
"That's a pretty good answer."
"Currency when I was in elementary school [FIXED]"
"Like a sir!"
"So  how were you saying I should flap my ears to take off ?"
"Set this as wallpaper a few months ago and forgot about it. Had rough few days and this morning it really helped."
"This is how my Grandparents cat relaxes."
"Just Mahatma Gandhi dancing. Thats it."
"Was yesterday in the new Batman. Everytime someone came in in the middle of the movie."
"Winston Churchill. 1895"
"So this is what happens when you don't repost those fb pictures...."
"Audition at the new Mongolian Idol"
"Everyday I'm cephalin'"
"Pterodactyl porn (nsfw)"
"iPhone 10"
"&quot;Fruit Roll-up&quot; homophobic hate crime comic from high school newspaper."
"She's Mine"
"Reddit Love [NSFW]"
"Well that's great then."
"My buddies costume for a Holloween party"
"I think we have all been eating them wrong."
"Favorite gif"
"No seriously  WTF"
"What if one day you woke up and..."
"god bless you dad"
"Guitar Hero"
"Don't you hate it when the police got all wild west on your neighbour and shoot an upvote into your wall?"
"Quest to find Oxi-Clean"
"16 Things you didn't know about sleep"
"Your brain is not ready for this. [GIF]"
"My favorite self pic"
"Strangely relevant"
"WHO DAT JAZZ KID"
"I can watch videos of humans murder each other in the most disgusting ways imaginable  hardcore gore and don't blink whatsoever  the dirtiest scats... But this shit... This shit right here... [NSFL]"
"How I imagine Ted Nugent and Donald Trump right now."
"Eat a snickers Dave..."
"Listen up  disciples!"
"trustworthy?!"
"Hitchiking: You are doing it wrong"
"The incorrect (but pretty bad-ass way) to face down a curious Grizzly Bear"
"Poor thing looks hurt."
"One word: Predation."
"Too...Much...Party"
"What a champ."
"A moth's wings have fake eyes to distract and intimidate predators."
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"I thought this belonged on Reddit."
"That's a thirsty cat"
"Kids  we have a new student"
"Photograph  *not* a Painting (from National Geographic  story in comments)"
"I thought this was photoshopped  but today I learned that it is not. [Fixed]. Camel Thorn Trees  Namibia."
"Painting or photograph? Would you believe it's a photograph? Amazing shot but Fran's lanting of national geographic"
"Dead Biking"
"Mid Pounce Leopard. (X-Post from /R/PerfectTiming)"
"Tearin' that pussy up"
"&quot;I'm sorry  ma'am? Oh  we're just about to make some history. No big deal.&quot;"
"True that"
"Camouflage"
"Even in the Future  A Redneck Wedding Stays the Same"
"The fuck is this?"
"Ice Matters - Anna Henly"
"If someone walks in while i'm watching porn"
"I wish photography was always this easy"
"I'm not listening"
"The bigger they are  the harder they fall"
"I googled Definition of Swag and was not disappointed."
"&quot;I searched 'Swag Cat' on google.&quot; FIXED"
"Leave me alone!"
"Daniel Radcliffe on being short"
"Daniel Radcliffe gets it"
"r/gaming 11/11/11..."
"It's Tricky"
"The World According to Americans"
"Look Up  Stay Alive"
"Sandy Delivers"
"America  FUCK YEAH!"
"Bum bum bum"
"When your hands are wet and there is no towel"
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills [fixed]"
"Got lost on a walk. This sign didn't help."
"This IS Minecraft! [1920x1080]"
"No infomercials  that is not how you drink milk. [Fixed]"
"Sandy's rippin some shit up"
"Solar Flare [gif]"
"Solar Flare"
"All The New Traffic to /r/Gifsound and all of the Delicious Karma..."
"My ex finally got her book published"
"Ouch"
"How has this not been done to death?"
"I love my mic."
"Mount Roraima Venezuela"
"Challenge accepted"
"Reasons guys clean their man parts everyday"
"I Must."
"I mustache you a question."
"Blending in level: Cat."
"Consequences of Gay Marriage"
"Flee the EARTH!"
"Alright  who smoked up the dog?"
"Harry Potter - &quot;The Snitch&quot;! I've been told that this shot of paint colliding looks just like it. What do you think  Reddit?"
"What happens when you let guys bake [fixed] [fixed] [fixed]"
"Sarcasm on the Internets"
"I can't believe my wife said this after shopping."
"Every damn time omegle!"
"a tennis ball hair cut."
"Firecrackers..."
"Around and around and around he goes."
"What creative things can you guys do to make our President's expression more appropriate?"
"reddit likes good pictures of Obama  i thought you guys might enjoy"
"I don't care what anyone says. This is the best picture of the campaign season."
"Star Trek Tennis [GIF]"
"Boop"
"Definition of badass."
"Rick Gribble"
"Probably a repost but I think it's awesome"
"&quot;You're gonna eat lightnin' and you're gonna crap thunder!&quot;"
"Say Hi to My New Girlfriend"
"Listening to music while browsing r/funny  came across this."
"Up up and away...womp womp womp!"
"Mother of God: Ad Infinitum"
"What I thought when a crazy Christian on the subway &quot;felt sorry for me&quot; because I don't believe in an afterlife."
"How lovely"
"Fuck off  Jesus"
"Carrots anyone??"
"&quot;Got addicted to reddit  hasn't drawn a single thing&quot;"
"Thighlight [self-repost since WTFGESTAPO took it down previously]"
"IDGAF"
"Pianissimo!"
"Found on Facebook  made me laugh."
"When people ask why I have a problem with religion  it's hard to come up with a single answer..."
"Taste the rainbow"
"Muppet Cakes"
"90 years later still..."
"Come at me bro"
"Spoonie! SPOON-AY!"
"Had to shave my beard for a job interview."
"How I Spend My Free Time"
"Eggs in the morning."
"The Grand Lightning Show at the Grand Canyon  Arizona [1920×1440]"
"Sidecar"
"Corporate America  explained by Calvin and Hobbes"
"Frozone (FIXED)"
"Looks like peter parker has a cat"
"Oh Louie..."
"In honor of our K9 friends on Memorial Day {pic}"
"How to dance."
"When you call your friend out in a group and you remember they have blackmail on you."
"This easter  remember  Jesus was NOT a Zombie!"
"Why I will always burn my mouth on microwaved food"
"Kinky Dolphin."
"NDG"
"Oh no! Shes at it again!"
"When I found a box of Thin Mints that i didn't know about in the cupboard this morning"
"My reaction to the &quot;restoration&quot; of a fresco of Jesus in a church in Spain"
"Just T-Mobile's new logo"
"Sweet Baby Jesus that is not appropriate."
"White people."
"Guess he saw two kittens cuddling and couldn't resist the karma"
"This little fox has not quite learned to chase his own tail."
"What it's like living with a health freak roommate"
"Perfection"
"Perfection [gif]"
"The detour"
"How I feel moving too a new neighbourhood."
"I am not a clever man."
"Wardrobe Eufunction"
"The First Time I See The New Girl At The Office [NSFW]"
"Nom nom nom &lt;3"
"Saw this on facebook  how messed up is the world?"
"Scrolling through reddit and r/spaceclops comes up"
"Today were going to make a new floor."
"Cloud Island."
"So this happened: Obama and McKayla not impressed (via White House)"
"I don't know if you guys saw this pic yet...."
"Atheist response to a religious heckler"
"Olympic Hopeful"
"And then there is me."
"How I feel in high school"
"My face when browsing /New"
"Seth MacFarlane's latest creation."
"new Jerry Sandusky movie"
"How Banks Work"
"I'm already on the roster."
"Couldn't have timed it any better..."
"How I Feel When The Upvotes Start Coming In"
"For Those I Love I Will Sacrifice"
"Chemiluminescence from laughing gas and pesticide"
"not sure if catching diseases or pokemon"
"Yo' mama is so fat..."
"Look at my horse  my horse is amazing"
"Incredible Photograph Captures Exact Moment of Tank Shell Hitting Against Syrian Rebels"
"When my friend gets in trouble and brings me down with him"
"When I silently fart around my girlfriend"
"Oh  Youtube"
"Birds man  birds."
"This always makes me smile."
"Congrats!"
"&gt;MFW BENNED"
"Nope"
"Felix Baumgartne is going to jump from 120 000ft?"
"And so ends 20 years of frustration."
"I typed &quot;swine flu symptoms&quot; into google images and..."
"This is real jump(GIF)"
"Graceful Leap"
"How i feel about all those steam giveaways"
"The Bus Knight"
"The Bus Knight"
"Battle of the elements"
"A child genius."
"Eating seafood  half-submerged in the sea with the sand sifting through your toes"
"Restrooms."
"MRI Scan of an Artichoke"
"A MRI of an Artichoke."
"A MRI of an Artichoke."
"American Artist Bryan Lewis Saunders draws a collection of self-portraits whilst under the influence of various substances.."
"Don't you just hate when this happens?"
"Deal with it Wrestler"
"Happens to me too often"
"Priceless."
"Cambodia"
"Troll Batman"
"Don't worry... he will come"
"Found this gem on my FB news feed. She was hungry?"
"Me  when I first started using the internet (x-post from r/SouthPark)"
"Watering Plants Rage"
"when i was 12"
"This was in a restaurant!"
"Hell no."
"whole shitload of nope!"
"Nope."
"Heisenberg in watercolor"
"a polka works good to"
"How it feels making a toasted BLT after my wife cleans the kitchen."
"What ocean sand looks like magnified 250x."
"I see what you did there"
"How to cure Monday blues"
"How to cure Monday blues (x-post funny)"
"3...2...1...FIGHT"
"This image has to reach the rest of the world. Jaywalkers are disrupting traffic all over China."
"Dear god  the prophecies have come to pass. Now is the end of days."
"Duck season / rabbit season"
"Bought new jeans for the first time in well over a year. This is how I feel leaving my house in them now."
"Walking out of the bathroom after a glorious bowel movement"
"Tell the world Woody!"
"10/11/12 Happy National Coming Out Day!"
"Poor Jorge"
"soon...ely"
"Badass Level: Lynx"
"cuddle time"
"OMG Schocking In A Cute Way!!"
"Most awesome dad ever."
"Most awesome dad ever."
"Mr &amp; Mrs toast"
"Guess who?"
"a good woman who can cook..."
"Friend left his Facebook logged in on my phone. I figure I'd have a little fun."
"I'm at the hospital for severe irony burns right now."
"So imagine this..."
"Spread the word"
"This woman has a point."
"The fuck is this woman!"
"You see that glass? You can climb it."
"How I felt after my first upvote."
"Dustpan Rage"
"Fires lighting the sky in Victoria  Australia."
"Shit's on fire in Australia"
"Scientists landed a rover on mars this morning. A rockstar scientist was among them."
"White woman claims a 3d porno movie got her pregnant with a black man's baby"
"3D film made woman pregnant!"
"3d porn  it'll do it to yuh SFW"
"The portrayal"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Doesn't matter  Had sex!"
"found this in a bar in miami.."
"&quot;Just as the Son of Man did not come to be served  but to serve!&quot;"
"Outdoor Pool Table"
"Loki enjoys some spaghetti (x-post from r/avengers)"
"Kitty Spleen"
"Mars Rover snaps a stunning photo."
"Good to see you"
"Finally  Facebook gold."
"when I missed my favorite show"
"This is truly the definition of a repost"
"Just plain scary... had never seen anything like this"
"Are you a optimist  pessimist or pissimist"
"Thigh Strength"
"Wait... what?"
"Math Teacher..."
"I definitely didn't get this joke when I was a kid..."
"PEANUT BUTTER YOU CRAZY"
"Do Want"
"My thoughts on the now infamous sexual assault thread"
"Since we're posting pictures moms shouldn't see..."
"Made this at a [7]. Mitt Romney"
"Beautiful Sunrise"
"&quot;Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji&quot;. Would have to agree."
"And not a single fuck was given."
"The Unicat Hat?"
"Umm ... moo?"
"Simply buses"
"Living Bacon"
"This may be my new all time favourite meme picture"
"happy birthday America!!!"
"Because it's the 4th of July  that's why!"
"We need a President like this again. Saw on FB"
"seems legit. vote Reagan!"
"How I see Wikipedia asking for donations"
"Meanwhile  in Libya."
"Let me play you the song of my people.."
"Bard Buffs His Party in Libyan Shootout"
"Fighting with music"
"The only king I'll be hailing on June 14th..."
"Many  many hours were spent here. [FIXED]"
"parasite in the eye"
"Good times"
"My favorite web comic strip of all time. I also think this is something that ents actually could do in real life"
"Admit it  we all count like that"
"All hail OBABO"
"How kids feel when temper tantrums work"
"Best friends forever."
"How I would feel if I ever make the front page."
"This Just Makes me Laugh"
"One of my most favorite books when I was 7"
"Drinking Level: Just Graduated with a physics degree I'll never use and $100 000 of debt."
"Amazing battlescene view."
"Slenderman isn't all that bad..."
"Mexican Driver?"
"She should definitely smile more often"
"Wow...she really does need to smile more."
"/r/aww really does need more elephants"
"This is what trying to leave reddit feels like"
"How I feel every time I try to reach the frontpage"
"Green Mall in Osaka  Japan"
"It's all in your mind."
"Never fly too low."
"Mitt what are you doing?!"
"Romney  keeping it real"
"The most dazzling folk style"
"I'm a model. Let me show you my ... CENSORED"
"How I imagine Reposters"
"Anyone else think this?"
"This happens to me on occasions too..."
"Cat Beard"
"Always..."
"I made this 3D image today while I was bored  a jar of upvotes and downvotes!"
"If this isn't a Cakeday gif  I don't know what is"
"thick sausage  anyone? [FB]"
"Me leaving work on a Friday"
"Shadows"
"Spent the last past 15 minutes looking up gifs that match any music...I think I found a winner."
"Africans. Dyslexics. Children. That sorta thing."
"Will Smith  Steve Urkel  and Reggie Miller"
"Me when my Mom tells me company is coming over"
"I must go  my people need me."
"Fairies DO exist [Fixed]"
"I really hope if Aliens came to Earth  that they didn't go there..."
"Skweed Word flies away."
"If more girls were like this one...there would be a lot less sexual assaults in this world..."
"...&quot;PooPl:&quot;? ...Oh  wait. I'm retarded."
"Pop that on the barbie  mate!"
"my face when i detect fart"
"The Voice by Shel Silverstein"
"Shel knew what was up."
"Not sure what the hell I am looking at..."
"&quot;Horse&quot; &amp; Buggy [gif]"
"Food Porn [SFW]"
"How My GF Gives Head"
"Troutstanding!"
"I'm just going to leave this here."
"Went to the bunny ranch... not what I expected."
"Calculus FTW."
"Mad Skills [gif]"
"So  how many of you recognize this couch?"
"meet mr.lonely cat."
"Every. Single. Action. Movie. Ever."
"Oh yes"
"Stowage of a British slave ship [x-post/r/historyporn]"
"Oppa Warcraft Style"
"Oh pre 9-11 pilots..."
"On a hot summer day"
"You nerds don't know the meaning of embarrassment. (Xpost from 4chan)"
"Japanese Anchorman Ages Quickly"
"The Golden Gate"
"No words can describe..."
"OG Grandma"
"They see me swingin'  they hatin'..."
"Pic from movie set... thought You may like it"
"TIL the origin of the Gay Seal."
"Belgium... on DRUGS"
"what is the story behind this?? tentacle/claw in brain(NSFW)"
"Watch as the hippo defends its territory"
"Wait a minute! Something not quite right about this Cat..."
"When reading a post &amp; you're suddenly mindblown and you get all these epic feels"
"Well  that almost ended badly."
"Improper Munitions Transportation"
"To be fair  they do look alike..."
"Old  but still got swag."
"Probably wouldn't have seemed normal even in 1992"
"when I'm offered a drink when I'm hungover"
"I'm saying put your tongue back in  Jerry."
"Oh shit!"
"My favorite gif in the universe."
"Touchdown...?"
"What it feels like going on Reddit a little drunk."
"Dat Nicolas [x-post r/gifsound]"
"&quot;Why do you go on Reddit?&quot; &quot;Oh you know dear...articles and stuff&quot;"
"Google really cares for me."
"Its my cake day. Here is a picture of a goat..."
"Science Cat"
"Chemist Cat"
"/r/Watchpeopledie"
"Noon..."
"I know what i'm getting for Fathers day"
"I know what i'm getting my dad for fathers day!"
"The sexy costume market has gone a bit too far..."
"Every report card day of my childhood."
"I'd have the same reaction..."
"Sunrise and the International Space Station (STS-119)"
"Hey macarena supastar!"
"How I felt when I learned to fly."
"Why is this a GIF? it isn't even..."
"Wait for it..."
"My friend's kitty knows how to monetize that sweet karma"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Say it to my face bro"
"Don't remember seeing this commercial"
"A nice Sunday afternoon drive up Black Bear Pass  Colorado"
"If Harry Potter was realistic..."
"Ground control to Major Tom"
"My first one. Evil Hampster."
"When I found out you can downvote posts by pressing 'Z' in RES"
"My reaction after seeing vagina [NSFW]"
"WTF Unicorn"
"If this fad catches on... no."
"Oh yes."
"How Reddit motivates me"
"Amazingly timed photograph"
"Becca..."
"Unca Donald"
"Pretty much sums up Youtube."
"Those eyes..."
"Now  this is a House of Music."
"The MGM logo gets an update"
"PASS ME MUTHA@#%"
"Could my fellow redditors please take a moment to look at a few of my friends photos?"
"Amazing Picture from a friend of mine..everything from firedepot to coca-cola!!"
"Source of this Pic?"
"Can you find CAT in picture!?"
"This has always been my favorite Cyanide and Happiness comic..."
"'But i want to go on the Ferris Wheel'...NOPE!"
"8 Things We Would Not Know Without Wikileaks (Infographic)"
"You wont' be disappointed [gif]"
"Damn!"
"Soon..."
"The Dog Days Are Over"
"Hexagonal Columns formed by Lava"
"Who's laughing now!?"
"I don't think Xzibit is a fan of MAC users...[PIC]"
"Trying something new"
"Pinecones.."
"Dancing at the club is getting more crazy by the day..."
"I always wondered what a Hermet crab looked like under the hood."
"Take a bite.."
"Droplet of mercury"
"Splash of Mercury (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Oh...alright then."
"I don't know why this is so funny..."
"MLK - I have a dream!"
"I HAVE A DREAM."
"I HAVE A DREAM!"
"If you dont know who these guys are  you have no childhood"
"If Bruce Campbell rode a bicycle"
"The tree thinks its a ballerina"
"Can you see the dancing tree?"
"The best horror game as a child"
"Hurry!"
"These moves get all the ladies."
"walking after my foot fell asleep"
"Bouncy Baby [gif]"
"Smiley Cat"
"A happy kitty is a good kitty..."
"After playing Borderlands 2 for 15 hours straight then having to go outside."
"M. T. Anderson's Thrilling Tales"
"Through the Fire and Flames"
"Half-life 3 is already out  you guys"
"cleaning up my download folder  found this quotable gem... have fun! ^_^"
"The truth..."
"How I feel when downvoting something that just hit the front page."
"Like a boss!"
"poor guy..."
"Posted it in a comment earlier  figured it belonged here."
"and there is this"
"Count Kermit"
"I ❤ animals."
"Tough Love From Siri"
"Make the switch!"
"When my girlfriend falls asleep and I go to play games.."
"Searched &quot;only in Japan&quot; and got this... Wut."
"Fuck the riots  London has a bigger problem.."
"Poo man!!"
"...Proceed . . ."
"Epic Llama"
"When I see my ex with a new guy"
"oh hey there."
"My cat this morning  upon seeing snow &amp; frozen icy stuff outside for the first time in his life"
"-300 [.GIF]"
"Color palette"
"Err..."
"I'm getting off at this stop"
"Hai Reddit  do you like my hat?"
"Google'd &quot;come outside&quot;  wasn't disappointed!"
"The family that mullets together..."
"Colorful"
"My two year old daughter did her first slip and slide today"
"I think of this every time I'm on Facebook."
"I saw this in my FB feed."
"Ain't no one"
"LOL!"
"Men's shower logic"
"Game Genie"
"Pick-up truck moonwalk."
"Just a few of ferrets"
"So you think you're a funny guy? Laugh at this!"
"Just one of those days..."
"The only reason I ever go drinking"
"You want some of this  Batman?"
"What is love?"
"Me and my housemate just found out we get to keep the kitten we've been looking after for the past week..."
"No motherly love for you..."
"When I go on a downvoting rampage..."
"When My Friend Went Out With The Girl I've Liked For A While"
"He takes what he wants"
"This is supposed to be sweet  but it just looks like Mr. Rogers is afraid she's going to eat his face."
"they see me rollin"
"My reaction to &quot;When you see it&quot; posts"
"How I feel about first pages of /r/funny lately..."
"Why my money is going to a different Kickstarter"
"Please tell me this is real and not Photoshop."
"[pic] probably a repost but still is funny;"
"It's right but seems like an understatement"
"Shut up brain"
"When I found out I didn't get karma for my front page AskReddit"
"Waterfall Island  Alto Parana  Paraguay"
"Relationship problems between Mr. and Mrs. Pacman"
"My only class today was just cancelled via email."
"My friend doesnt mess around when it comes to humans vs. zombies"
"There's always that one guy. Every goddamn time."
"&quot;But this has been posted a hundred times already!&quot;"
"For my class project I had to survey 20 000 people on what internet browser they liked best. Here was the answer. [x-post: r/technology]"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"It took me entirely too long to figure out what was wrong with this photo."
"Optimus Prime vs Jesus"
"X-post from r/heavymind. Someone please shed light on this before my mind implodes and then explodes."
"Was walking to work when..."
"Like a penis."
"What do you think of me and my girlfriend's gaming rigs?"
"How is this even possible?"
"Can anybody explain this?"
"He gets laid everyday..."
"how i feel when my husband stays late at work"
"I guess there's still hope...."
"Googled &quot;W T F&quot;  was not disappointed [NSFW]"
"Skyri... mmm  I mean  Plitvice Lakes National Park  Croatia"
"Global violence"
"&quot;Catch&quot;"
"Google Street View Strikes Again"
"How I feel on a Friday evening with nothing of importance in schedule for the entire weekend."
"Cheaper gas? You got my vote!"
"Creationism fail"
"Saw this on my news feed"
"Whenever I read the comments in /gonewild  I think of this guy."
"He wants a MacBook so bad..."
"Advertising:You're doing it right"
"The sooner you advertise here  the better! [181x955]"
"I bet this gonna hurt your brain for a bit"
"How women should bottles..."
"Fuck the police."
"search camel spider in google get this..."
"Definitely doing this next time I'm in a Disney store"
"Aaaaaaaaaand we're done."
"So I Google image searched &quot;Dumb Shit&quot; NSFL"
"Never!"
"Ain't No Party Like A Time Lord Party"
"I found this a laughed so i shared it with you guys"
"I want 12 inches and I want it to hurt. (SFW)"
"Alex Honnold used no rope in this picture."
"Who did it?"
"The end result of browsing r/katyperry lately"
"Sun rage"
"God is amazing!!"
"Oh god Grover  why?!"
"Karate Cub!"
"After not fapping for a week"
"I think it's time to pull over."
"Pee Rape? [gif]"
"Japanese porn"
"College is hard."
"God knows."
"Animated Downvoting Roman Pony [xpost from r/mylittlepony]"
"Honey Boo Boo On Liberal Capitalism"
"How I feel about the Halloween costume pics right now."
"Beans  motherfucker."
"Incredible X-ray of a stingray"
"x-ray of a stingray"
"Invisible Wall"
"Fuckin' Mimes [gif]"
"My first thought to seeing all the &quot;Cats Shot with Arrows&quot; posts [FIXED]"
"The reason flamethrowers were invented"
"What site did he need so bad?"
"My friend on Memebase sent this to me when I made it to #1 in Reddit"
"Can you do it?"
"Mitt Romney's latest attempt to get the ethnic vote"
"R-Money"
"Yet another awesome pic that corrupted my childhood. You're welcome  Reddit."
"Check out the news ticker..."
"Four more years"
"If you remember this  you're awesome."
"I had always been fascinated with this show. Not sure why.."
"Out of all my N64 games - This one stands head and shoulders above the rest..."
"The 4chan-reaction to new people."
"It's like heroin to people."
"Colorado and Washington right now"
"How I reacted when I found out about the upcoming Arrested Development season and movie"
"This picture amazes me  these people amaze me."
"Saw this on OkCupid today. Why can't every website be like this?"
"Fire in zero gravity. (x-post from r/pics)"
"So who says England doesn't get hot in summer?"
"Just a dog  doing some building work."
"I'll race you home!"
"Well  she asked."
"Forget Mr. Dink or Feeny  this was MY favorite 90's neighbor..."
"Genius!"
"Natural Habitat"
"What if we had facebook during WWII... (9gag.com)"
"Meanwhile  In Japan..."
"Oh Japan"
"the crime of the century"
"Mac 'n Cheese"
"Not a hoax  not an imaginary story!"
"Heath Ledger skateboarding over Christian Bale"
"Just Heath Ledger jumping over Christian Bale on a skate board on the set of the Dark Knight"
"This one always gets me."
"Living in Alaska"
"Awesome Skating Video"
"Only the coolest Myst players."
"Overly Manly Man's thoughts on Movember..."
"For some reason  this post in /r/adviceanimals did it for me. Doesn't matter who or what &quot;they&quot; are."
"The Overly Manly Man shows no emotion."
"fuck trophies"
"I fuck islands"
"How my dad acts when he's drunk with his friends."
"Karma Cannot be denied"
"Neandertallica"
"The first-ever metal band in human history."
"Bring them back! Still makes me smile."
"Coronal Mass Ejection"
"Oh  Its Justin Bieber's birthday today?"
"When a friend gets to the frontpage"
"Searched google images for &quot;reddit in a nutshell&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"I just had a kid. I thought this was a cute idea for my announcement cards"
"Beautiful/amazing: He helped save her  and in return  she swam in circles and nudged/thanked the divers that cut her out of tangled traps/lines"
"Welcome to r/aww"
"How I try to convince my wife to have sex with me when she's not in the mood."
"I have no clue what is going on"
"Did someone lose a cat?"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"Cute OVERLOAD!"
"Why I take so long in the shower..."
"I see your kids in wash basins floating in rivers and stuff  and raise you a baby washing a HUGE snakes head"
"I just finished a Calc II test. This is an accurate depiction of what happened in my brain."
"On RES  you can upvote/downvote with the A and Z keys"
"The first time I heard dubstep"
"Mind-Blown"
"Rugrats."
"And that's how babies are made."
"It's a sign!!"
"SURPRISE MOTHAFUCKA!!!!"
"This is pretty awesome"
"Look who google is honoring today...Wouldve been 70 years old."
"Google is a bro"
"Hmm... I feel like I know this guy from somewhere..."
"I....i just don't know. Jesus maybe?"
"Unexpected Photobomb"
"Hi!"
"A cow photobombing a horse stuck in a fence...."
"GIF Sound - Now It's a Party"
"Wheelchair scuba diving"
"Wheelchair scuba diving"
"For a second  I thought it was actually happening"
"&quot;A baby octopus hatching  Pramuka Island  Indonesia.&quot; Photographer: Simon Chandra"
"Baby Octopus [1600 X 1200]"
"I can't NOT laugh at this"
"Old  but gets me every goddamn time."
"oh  you know  just hanging out in a field."
"Metal."
"listening to barry white when my friend randomly sends me this.. perfect timing"
"Tom Hanks and the Emmy Mobile"
"Halo 4  anyone?"
"This is a creative appoach"
"If cats were useful.."
"Firefox has encountered an error with Windows."
"Lion &amp; The Butterfly - David Lazar"
"How I imagine the leader of anti-Semitic party in Hungary felt after he discovered he is Jewish."
"Parents of the Year"
"I'm training two mounts at the same time  so they can pull my chariot."
"Platypus cuteness"
"Any platypus love here?"
"Eye drop macro."
"Going back to work the day after a holiday"
"My attitude anywhere after the first five weeks of classes"
"I found the full version of this &quot;didn't read&quot; gif"
"Everybody want my chicken"
"This guy was told by his Homeowners Association that he couldn't fly the American flag in his yard."
"Getaway Cat"
"The appearance and structure of the city Minas Tirith in The Lord of the Rings were based upon Mont-Saint-Michel."
"Who knew stingrays were masters of the Photobomb"
"Soon"
"when one of my comments suddenly starts getting up votes..."
"when i get into the diablo server"
"I only made it 3 days."
"Sandy - Candygram  Ma'am...."
"Talking on the phone in the elevator? I want to do this to you...."
"today we are going to clean the roof  of this tower."
"How not to protest."
"How they did it back in 1839"
"Some village in &quot;Kenia&quot;..."
"Kill it with fire."
"The feel of submitting links on my Cake Day morning."
"Apple and Sandy"
"How i feel when the first negative comment on my post is downvoted to oblivion"
"Why have just a regular cat  when you could have a uni-cat?"
"Why the long face?"
"Does anyone know the story behind this picture?"
"Haha it's punny"
"Snow-diving fox."
"Busted!"
"When someone checks out my SO"
"Survival of the fittest"
"Adorable woolly bull helps puppies getting fed"
"What I immediately do when the teacher says  &quot;Why isn't anyone taking notes?!&quot;"
"Catcage!"
"Nicholas Cage and cats are a horrible combination."
"Play me off..."
"Self shot done right!"
"Hey there Ceech"
"I would PAY for one of these."
"Whoopi"
"Unfortunate Children - Because Children's Misfortune Is Funny [.gif gallery]"
"How Twilight Should Have Ended"
"after graduating college"
"Every anime with motorcycles. (plus a puppy"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1998"
"Destroying N64 joysticks  palms  and friendships  since 1999"
"Downvotes can be very destructive"
"Whatever floats your goat."
"Remember remember the fifth of November"
"Remember  remember  the fifth of november..."
"When my friends get easily offended"
"When your friend introduces you to someone for the first time  and then leaves to take a phone call..."
"When my nephew asks for birthday money."
"Tiptoe across the road."
"Today is Canada Day and this is how I feel as a Canadian."
"If L.A. Noire was made in the 80's"
"I don't know what this is  seriously WTF."
"Just got back from my trip to France  guys"
"I might actually watch NASCAR if they did this."
"Child Eater?..."
"laughed to hard at this"
"Whenever I see this meme..."
"Haven't posted in a few months - had to bome back just to share this gif with the world."
"It came from above"
"Incominggg... (x-post r/pics)"
"Photo bomb pro..."
"How I felt after fixing my car today - it's working  it's working!!"
"Someone's tired."
"My Husky-golden retriever mix. I love him."
"Whenever I see an atheism or politics post..."
"No Cheating!!"
"No Cheating!"
"Minecraft IRL (Litlanesfoss  Iceland)"
"Tiny baby polar bear"
"The Tiniest Polar Bear"
"little baby polar bear... i think... maybe not..."
"The first thing i thought when i saw this gif"
"Waiting for the right moment."
"How I feel when someone makes the same joke I made 30 seconds earlier  but gets a bigger laugh"
"How would this even work...?"
"NOPE!!!!!!!!!!"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like identical twins..."
"Sick body paint."
"Freaky"
"Saw the post of the bizarre shots from Sandy's destruction...you missed one."
"One day when I'm a billionaire ... volcanic island of Aogoshima"
"Condom makers Durex deliver a brilliant Olympic billboard"
"Condom makers Durex deliver a brilliant Olympic billboard"
"Me  finding out that Ned Stark dies in Game of Thrones."
"This has to be Zach Galifianakis' finest moment"
"Aaaaand liftoff."
"Kip-up to handstand (x-post from r/gifs)"
"&quot;I can totally do that &quot; said no redditor ever."
"Trying to please other people on the internet"
"Thomas the TANK engine"
"This is the first thing that came to mind when I saw this picture."
"Pigman Bust?"
"Google'd &quot;Reddit worthy picture&quot;. I suppose Google knows best.."
"And you go over here-No! Bad snake! ...poor snake..."
"Syrian man giving no fucks that the government wrecked his home"
"Don't hassle the Cos!"
"Join the germans. This time we can win!"
"I love this man"
"Real Life Simba"
"Lion King"
"Ballsy only"
"This is MY favorite gif."
"The very best of Nicolas Cage"
"USSR"
"Always look before passing a vehicle"
"And this is why I use multiple accounts on my personal computer."
"Well Fuck"
"Happy Birthday Carl Sagan!"
"One million subscribers  if only he were here to see this"
"So it's this guy's birthday. Thank you for inspiring me to learn incredible things."
"junk in the trunk"
"When people complain about relationships."
"how i feel in britain about the 4th of july"
"One of the biggest problems we are all causing"
"Googled &quot;the most random pic on the internet&quot;. Was not disappointed!"
"She likes my hat"
"Animorphs"
"Cookie Monster takes a bullet from Mitt"
"Funny photoshopped arms"
"That urinal is music to my ears"
"This is how I party."
"Party hard! (sorry if this has done before  it wouldn't surprise me)"
"WMF Boning Knife Ad [1024x682] - x-post from r/adporn"
"Wait... why are we fighting again?"
"No fuckin' way!"
"Me playing GTA4."
"From left to right: Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke Skywalker and R2D2"
"The Cast of the Original Star Wars Trilogy - 1979"
"So long  fuckers!"
"Mike Rowe when he was a child"
"I hope you think about this as you brush your teeth."
"Do it like mommy does"
"Facepaw"
"Unfortunate page layout there."
"some people have WAY too much free time"
"The worst possible place to pop the trunk open"
"Im going to hell for this [Fixed]"
"I know a lot of you are at home for the summer  but please think of those that are stuck at work."
"Yeah..I changed my mind"
"Kid's face at the end is priceless."
"My face after breaking up with my Girlfriend"
"Thank you Jesus (x-post r/funny)"
"Thanks  Jesus  for the food"
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Thank Jesus!"
"All your Karma are belong to Us"
"Alternative shoe lacing"
"Did I remember to lock my door when I left the house?"
"what is love [first]"
"Parking 101"
"Quench your thirst"
"Ding ding dong"
"How to win girls heart"
"Is that a cross IN her chest?!"
"How I feel after doing physics all day"
"that feeling when a post gets down voted to hell"
"Wait for it..."
"Beautiful tree..."
"I think I found OAG's parents..."
"What's the big deal? There's noth... HOLYFUCKNOPENOPENOPENOPE"
"Our most requested beverage"
"Erupted Volcano!"
"I come from the future bearing a disturbing image that all of mankind must see. Please  spread the word before it is too late."
"/r/rct xpost - Classic Mario Kart Tracks recreated in Roller Coaster Tycoon"
"Cyriak never fails to trip my balls"
"1. Masturbate  2. Angry  3. ???  4. Throw turtle."
"I go to find him..."
"Trails of pizza delivery riders in Manhattan. [964x568]"
"Progress report on my final"
"My celebration dance"
"Gangnam Style"
"I think i'm gonna take the stairs."
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"Asian Timeline"
"Strolling along."
"Reddit when im having a really bad day"
"disneywars  han woody."
"You  are just  a toy."
"It all makes sense now."
"All I could think about when Romney was talking and smirking during the Presidential debate"
"Man's best friend..."
"Saw this on /r/gifsound and figured you all would enjoy it as well..."
"100% sure this is a repost."
"Sad but true"
"Not sure if repost  but OMG so true"
"6 more weeks of winter"
"Redditors: riddle me the movie names  if you can...."
"How to piss off an otter"
"Otter"
"Oh Hai! (tiger cub edition)"
"What are you implying...?"
"Hey  where's my face ?!"
"&quot;What? Something on my face?&quot;"
"Is it just me  or did /r/WTF turn into /r/THIS IS WHAT R WTF SHOULD REALLY BE GUISE. What ever happened to just posting fucked up shit?"
"She wants your D bro!"
"What the fuck?"
"SHE DID THE MASH"
"Cool elephant skiing"
"They told me to"
"Hey! I too got into Diablo 3 beta!"
"My reaction to all these Back to the Future posts"
"Saw this gif in the thread on the front page. Had to add this song."
"This artist drew this portrait using only a pencil."
"&quot;Sensazioni&quot;-- An Incredible Drawing By Diego Fazio"
"Another one of those &quot;it's not a photo  it's a pencil drawing&quot; BUT THIS IS AMAZING (artist: Diego Fazio)"
"Japan and their crazy-ass manga."
"Me when my girlfriend asks me to read over her essays on Ancient Greek sophists and intertextuality."
"Reading through the Nuclear Scientist AMA..."
"How my Facebook friends interpreted the Presidential Debate  according to their status updates"
"Boat!!!"
"&quot;A Fairly Tense Experience&quot; xpost from r/WTF"
"Confused dog on an escalator."
"I just discovered the internet yesterday and saw this funny video! Here is said video because clearly no one else could have possibly seen this video clip before. Although it is much more enjoyable tiny and without sound that is why I shall post it as a .gif"
"What COD is starting to feel like."
"How I feel about the overly attached girlfriend meme."
"Red Bull Stratos Jump"
"Hey Mike  whatcha thinkin' about?"
"Underground parking lot filled with flood waters from Hurricane Sandy."
"(X-post) My buddy asked me to pass out flyers for his new shirt company  this is what I texted him when he asked how it was going"
"All religious bigotry aside  this is the best argument I've heard for the legalization of Gay Marriage (Found on PostSecret.com)"
"Teach Me How To Vader"
"Sorry Reddit  just another repost."
"Sandy."
"When my ex tries to complain about her current boyfriend to me and my best friend"
"Baby + Daddy + Face Swap = LOL"
"Shit I see on my newsfeed."
"Juuuuust passing through."
"My Dream Thanksgiving Turkey"
"Bacon Outfit? Yes please."
"Am I the only one..."
"I can't be the only one thinking this with all the csgo posts"
"My girlfriend just told me her period was over"
"videogame characters in movie posters"
"went on holidays and missed compulsory drug test at work"
"When I win an argument."
"For reasons I cannot explain  this put a smile on my face"
"Something awesome finally came up on my Fb"
"The fairy pools on the Isle of Skye  Scotland"
"In Capitalist America..."
"Girlfriend finally found a couch that'll tie the room together"
"Green light.....RED LIGHT!"
"I really do miss the 90's (not OC but worth sharing)"
"WTF party trick"
"My first time on reddit.com - I've always used the iPhone app."
"I'm easily entertained"
"op. op op op."
"Water + Cat + Treadmill = ???"
"As a mac owner looking at all the PC Games for sale on Steam"
"Walking in to McDonald's with more than $5 [Repost]"
"Walking into Taco Bell with more than $5"
"When I go to the bathroom right after the cleaning crew went through."
"Me going through my collection of what to post on my cakeday"
"Elway photobomb (x-post from r/NFL)"
"Getting caught sitting in seats that you don't have tickets for"
"How I feel when I see everyone posting pictures related to the end of a normal 5-day work week  while being in the car sales business  I work every Saturday"
"What I hear when cops talk in court"
"Backfliiiip! SSSSHHHBLAAAM"
"4chan's master plan to destroy 9gag - Operation Bukkake"
"The time has come"
"Seal"
"How to save a cat from drowning."
"http://gifsound.com/?gif=http://i.imgur.com/wa8zq.gif&amp;sound=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-N1yJyrQRY&amp;start=0"
"I know there's been a crapload of reposts of this already  but it just cracks me up everytime."
"Bro  do you even lift?"
"Adorable fish"
"My friend's lovely photoshopping..."
"fully automatic bacon"
"I hope my Friday night is as cool as these guys..."
"Ths GIF never fails to make me laugh"
"All aboard the latest bandwagon!"
"Just hit 200 karma after 6 months"
"Threw It On The Ground"
"Everyone's favorite day at school [fixed]"
"Lets go Shopping!!"
"Arnold being carried by Wilt the Stilt and Andre the Giant while shooting Conan"
"I'll take that..."
"Ghetto: Activated"
"A couple days after I've shaved my balls smooth"
"BOOM! Head Shot"
"The cutest gif EVER!"
"What's the best way to milk a sheep?"
"Forgive me  America."
"My response whenever my girlfriend asks &quot;Do I look fat in this?&quot;"
"When my girlfriend asks me if I had been drinking while I was out even though its obvious I was."
"Yep  that's correct"
"What I've been spamming on Facebook recently"
"After switching to boxers"
"The Wizard of...wait a minute"
"They all need brains."
"Awkward"
"Awkward!"
"Awkward"
"Check out Denmark compared to the USA..."
"Ok  they're all fucked"
"What my day has been like NSFW"
"I know cats like fish... but this might be too much"
"I just don't know.."
"Scaredy Bear"
"The original Ronald McDonald... 1963."
"In queso emergency  I pray to Cheesus"
"Fuckin' eagles  man"
"How I feel trying to reach the front page"
"om-nom-nom-nom-oof!"
"How i feel waiting."
"When I go home for a weekend  and my mother makes my favorite meal."
"Words cannot describe...."
"In school  when people asked me if I had a minute for the environment"
"I didn't hear an evil laugh [FIXED]"
"Mine is an evil laugh"
"Coming home from college for the weekend and being presented with real food"
"Would you rather . . . (Ex-post r/atheism)"
"i think its fitting  first try"
"I dare you not to count them"
"It's that time of year again"
"Cats don't give a shit about physics. [GIF]"
"Should have quit while ahead!"
"Who's laughing now?"
"Last Straw"
"Good morning!"
"Yummmyyy! I love strawberries..[*_*]"
"The decline of masculinity"
"If my cake day was a snake  it would have bitten me  but this is still my favorite picture on the internet."
"For the last 18 months  I've worked two jobs to support my family. Today is my last day at my late-night part time job."
"If I ever find someone I know on /r/gonewild"
"He deserved it."
"Repost from r/babiesbeingmauled"
"He won't do that again"
"Who we should follow"
"Japanese flying squirrel curled up to keep warm"
"I have no idea what to offer for my cake day  but I love this image."
"Huh  so this is what jumping in the air and holding B would look like in real life"
"No fap September?"
"8am classes got you down? Try working at 4:30am on the WEEKEND to pay for your 7:30am weekday classes."
"HIFW I see the bing commercial saying they are better then google."
"When someone labels a post &quot;[Fixed]&quot;"
"Redditor spreads loads of out of date chip bags for that ever elusive reddit gold"
"*Face palm* [FIXED]"
"what? what? what? what? what? what? what? what? what?"
"wake up  realize i have the day off..."
"How I feel when I'm drunk on reddit and upvoting everything."
"Just lost my virginity that's how I feel."
"Boyz In Da Hood"
"I think somebody is hungry"
"Cute little Axolotl"
"Eight million and one."
"If the President is re-elected..."
"This man deserves a gold star ! *"
"so i arrived to work late and this is how it went down."
"Chameleon (more in album - link in comment)"
"How to Nostalgia (Charlie Brown)"
"Beautiful."
"Well there's your problem"
"Swagrid"
"Hey man  check out that ass... ABORT ABORT ABORT"
"I remember using to wonder this as a kid myself"
"Just Jim Carey"
"My reaction to Sandstorm dubstep remix"
"it's a bit early for a blunt isn't it?"
"The real winner of tonight"
"Self-Portrait (x-post from r/Pics)"
"How I feel about my 'cake day'"
"Inside a Tickle-Me Elmo"
"Stand Tall"
"I really  really wonder what was their objective"
"Hate Shake"
"Is it still too late to jump on the shelving bandwagon?"
"Ah  nostalgia."
"WTF with all the comments that say you should get beat?"
"Ill bite your legs off"
"imgur roulette strikes again"
"Finally watching Parks and Recreation  this sums up how I feel when I drop too much food on myself when I'm eating."
"Just about sums it up for me."
"When all my younger friends complain about having to go back to school."
"I need a drink."
"Whenever i add a girl to Facebook..."
"Didn't work today  played video game all night and got drunk."
"How I sometimes feel as a 40+ redditor."
"Reddit's reaction to the majority of my posts"
"Mommy and me time"
"As a poor college student who cant afford new games  this is my reaction whenever I see my dorm neighbors play Borderlands 2..."
"A basset hound running"
"The best use of Doritos. Soon to be used on everything!"
"Would you like a little Cool Ranch on that?"
"Doritos &gt; Salt and Pepper"
"My reaction when I found out I could download free audiobooks from sites with a library card"
"That's some interesting news. [FIXED]"
"Chickens  how do they work?"
"Couldn't stop laughing at this"
"Charlie Chaplin  Hollywood  ca.1916 [2693 × 3510]"
"Stitches in eye"
"Toilet Posters"
"Bless you? o.O"
"One boat &amp; 145 water-skiers"
"1 boat for 145 water-skiers"
"This cracks me up every time i watch it."
"this"
"Axe through Axe"
"The easier statistic would be to find the number of people on reddit this hasn't happened to"
"Seagull goes shopping"
"This is my nightmare"
"Rockefeller Center"
"What I saw during the whole debate"
"When I go to a swimming pool after watching Olympic diving [Fixed][Again]"
"Facebook Fights"
"What a nice guy"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like updates"
"Guy gets hit by a train."
"Man hit by train"
"Tripping balls [GIF]"
"Straight outta Pyongyang: A truck that runs on a barrel of burning wood"
"Me when I walk into my kitchen to see how many dishes I have to do"
"Best picture of hurricane Sandy I've seen on fb so far"
"Little Niggas....."
"What do you mean  I'm &quot;not a bear&quot;?"
"We all know that feel"
"Pretty funny!"
"One of the coolest bedrooms I've ever seen."
"How to play Scout.gif"
"Jimmies Status: Dancing?"
"Just Endeavour landing at LAX"
"Safety Dance"
"When I browse reddit drunk"
"How to kill time doing Explosive Ordinance Disposal"
"Sad? Safety Dance."
"I WANT TO RIDE ME BIIIIIKE"
"Mind=blown..."
"How I feel when I ace a test I didn't study for whatsoever."
"Booked a flight to the US yesterday for €17.50 return  this is how I felt after I received the confirmation"
"About as real as shit got at the Olympics"
"What do you know  she has facebook..."
"Oppa Batman style !!"
"Oppa Batman Style!"
"Lonely road in Oklahoma"
"What the fuck - conscience cat"
"Whenever I see someone browsing Reddit without RES"
"Whenever I see new tokers try to roll a J"
"Zero fucks given"
"Obama riding a lion wielding a lightsaber and a crossbow"
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"Never give up..."
"Is this the beginning or the end?"
"Ready for the Tango?"
"Cats can surfboard?"
"Wishful thinking..."
"Rrrrraaaaahhhh!"
"Proof of Intelligent Design"
"After one year on Reddit  this is my only regret"
"This is what you call full train.."
"Virginity force field"
"A while back  my friend's cordless mouse broke in the middle of LoL. We still call him..."
"Whenever I come back to find a &quot;new&quot; post I up-voted now has over 1 000 up-votes."
"How I feel after I buy a girl a drink then get asked to go sit with her and her friends."
"So my boss said I had to leave early and would still be getting paid a full day."
"Raising a Christian"
"I thought this would fit better here  but check out r/heavymind were it came from if you liked it."
"Why I will never make the front page OC (Fixed)"
"When my best work gets matched and bested."
"Yee peng festival (Thailand)"
"Technically correct – the best kind of correct."
"That shit takes a doctorate!"
"I laughed so hard."
"They ruined it. Found on Facebook"
"This needs to be remade. NOW DAMMIT"
"Rooster cat is not amused"
"SRSLY GUISE"
"Monopoly - Black Edition"
"I had to do this..."
"Searched I was not disappointed  I was not disappointed"
"Seth Rogan on Romney's Campaign Slogan"
"Awkward moments"
"This year I got my first job  paid for my own tuition  and pay my own rent. This is all I can think when my parents tell me I'm still their baby girl."
"This cute cat karma had yet to be posted in r/pics yet (x-post ...)"
"I was working all day yesterday and didn't get the chance to eat for 6 hours  this was my reaction when i got home and got served by mom"
"How I feel after just one single upvote."
"I &lt;3 Dogs"
"Redditers and the Internet..."
"Love Me Sexy UW"
"New creepiness world record holder"
"Washington Coach Really Enjoys His Taffy"
"UW's defensive coordinator getting a little excited about what his wife has in store later"
"That vehicle wasn't supposed to be there."
"Tree swallowing a sign [PIC]"
"Most hateful sports banter"
"How I feel as an Australian reading about people complaining about their weather"
"Camouflage"
"Abracadabra"
"Ladies and gentlemen of Reddit  I give you  my friend."
"Why I hate Facebook"
"Oh no! There are 2 humans trapped in that cage  don't worry humans  i'll save you!"
"Ouch!"
"Good morning honey..."
"Meanwhile on Facebook"
"Saw this on Facebook..."
"How I feel playing Curiosity-What's Inside the Cube?"
"Northern Lights over Volcano - Iceland"
"Bhutanese monastery built into the side of a mountain 900 feet above the ground"
"Bieber fan vandalizes Rick Rypien memorial"
"Bieber Fan Defaces Rick Rypien (Deceased Hockey Player) Monument at a Concert in Vancouver"
"Reddit HQ"
"What I imagine the Reddit Customer Service would be like..."
"it can't be fake"
"You had one job...."
"Mind blowing Statue of Liberty pic. Because of the dimensions  more than half of the men in this photo are just part of the flame."
"Cool guys don't look at explosions... (GIF)"
"Doctor said only one cookie per day?Challenge Accepted."
"When someone says they don't like The Lion King"
"Was taking a picture of my horse yawning and suddenly... Xenomorph Horse! (X-Post from r/animals)"
"Wasps"
"Battlestations? x-post from /r/shittybattlestations"
"Downvote Champion"
"Baby Giraffe! [FIXED]"
"When someone says the moon landing was fake. - Imgur"
"Realizing I spent one year on Reddit without anything to show for it"
"Meanwhile  in South Korea."
"It's how we actually won the Cold War."
"Rock the **** out of those drums  Dale!"
"Drum Fill [gif]"
"How I imagine the owners during this lockout"
"I'll have my revenge."
"Soon."
"Optical illusion [pic]"
"I swear i have no idea"
"Me after beating halo 4 (minor spoilers)"
"As a Mexican  this is how I deal with people when I don't want to be bothered"
"Into the shark pool!"
"Case of the mondays"
"STAHP SANDY"
"Worth every damn second."
"On a cold rainy day..."
"Nap time"
"Every person over 45 in my office  when they're typing an email."
"Glitch in the Matrix"
"Who does that?"
"You dickfish (nsfw)"
"Cross marketing condoms"
"The latest League Infographic... Teemo dies 75 times per second?"
"League of Legends Infographic"
"WEE WOO WEE WOO"
"Dammit Goat  you're drunk."
"TO THE FRONT PAGE!....nevermind"
"Oh..OH S**T! QUICK  PLANK!"
"Meanwhile on the safari..."
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Halp."
"100% organic cotton candy"
"I'm laughing so hard"
"When a non-engineer explains something technical to me as if they know what they're talking about"
"The rage comic fad summed up in three panels."
"Yes Dr. Kloepneckler  the vagina is indeed an amazing machine [SFW]"
"A pity indeed."
"You're not the father  let's do the zoidberg dance"
"Need a celebration dance? WHY NOT ZOIDBERG?"
"Football + Rage Face"
"Terrorizing your kid  you're doing it right"
"Captain (Kitteh) Nathan Hale..."
"Polar bear in purple field"
"looks like Zeus just had chipotle"
"The Superman that almost was"
"So I started learning Photoshop today..."
"This is truly inspirational"
"9/11/11. Never forget... [Fixed]"
"Sisyphus Cat [gif]"
"I'd like to redeem this please."
"This guy definitely gets laid every night"
"It's official. This is the coolest guy I've ever seen."
"Side Effects of Meth. Not Even Once."
"How I look getting ready for my 8am class"
"Sloth State of Mind (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Bill Murray and Girls' Generation"
"Bill Murray's still got it..."
"A simple guide to animals in cardboard boxes."
"After bad posts on r/wtf"
"They call him &quot;Harold the Hose&quot;"
"Is this one of the best jobs in the world? Looks amazing."
"Velociraptors don't read."
"Get up get down...."
"HMMMMMMMMMMM"
"Cute tounge"
"This is actually pretty accurate."
"Manul cat does not seem to be ridiculously photogenic"
"Oh no you Di-int"
"An RAF Pilot getting a haircut during a break between missions  Britain  1942"
"It's my cakeday. Time to pull out the pussy."
"Here is a funny graphic I found about Morgan Freeman's place in society."
"The Morgan Freeman chain of command."
"Shocking"
"World war II in a gif"
"Hittler[AoE] has joined the game"
"Hittler[AoE] has joined the game"
"sky-high LOAN WTF"
"My friend's dog in heaven on her birthday.."
"my favorite flavor of Popsicle"
"No  I do not think that this will be a successful post."
"Any activity can be fun if you're Darth Vader."
"Your joke was really not funny... wait for it."
"When someone posts a picture of their baby to r/aww."
"Accidently oppened r/BabyBumps"
"Remember the three wolves shirt? This is even better."
"In the spirit of the &quot;creepy&quot; dog pic posted the other day..."
"POW! Box punch! (sfw)"
"Quite simply  a baby sloth hugging a toy giraffe"
"Baby sloth hugs a plush  so cute"
"Ah shit."
"all atheists go to heaven"
"Hi-Ho Silver! [gif]"
"Ladies and Gentleman  cat with cat pattern [FIXED]"
"Spinning chair"
"Omg powdered bacon turning into solid!!!!"
"2 Live Crew on &quot;hood rats&quot;"
"Apparently this place also does not allow Curiosity Rovers"
"No Gangnam Style !!"
"How it feel sitting in first row in imax theatre"
"Not sure if repost.. but made me smile"
"Obama  after Clinton's speech..."
"Ride The Fucking Wall"
"Thomas the tank engine finally snapped"
"In honor of my cake day  my favorite human interpretations of animal memes"
"The Catman."
"Do a barrel roll"
"1 in a million odds on /new..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"Just a little something my girlfriend threw together last night"
"Look what my girlfriend painted today..."
"My girlfriend also amazes me with her art..."
"Anybody up for a little grave robbing?"
"Lightning"
"BEWARE MR. GRUFF"
"My friends dad is a meteorologist and he did a speech at a school about weather and one of the students gave him this letter."
"The Computer Doctors.."
"So you're a boxer eh?"
"Cat shows dog who the boss is"
"Oppa X-men Style"
"Get it together  'Murrica."
"edge of the world"
"Just spray some Axe on it."
"When you realize it's your cakeday"
"Awesome Iceberg..."
"Longest traffic jam in the world  recorded in China (260 km)"
"Competitive Spirit [gif]"
"It's my reddit birthday! Enjoy the cuteness&lt;3"
"How I felt when I realized I was on holidays."
"Blood Sport Band - I still crack up over this one"
"Flight of the tennis ball"
"Re-Watching My Childhood Shows."
"Folding Lava"
"Gay marriage approved in Washington and I couldn't help but think..."
"Sleeping in class"
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"saw this on the subway today... ouch"
"If the shoe fits ..."
"What I imagine I am doing every time I go for the yellow light right before it turns..."
"Pretty much sums it up"
"Worst Star Wars Costumes Ever."
"Blasphemy!!"
"A model of the actual central nervous system of a human. This is  in fact what makes us human."
"This is you. Your thoughts  your fears  your wants and your desires. This is everything. All in one picture."
"Why do I find this so funny?"
"So nice"
"Why even make this?"
"Boo"
"Googled nick cage  came up with this. Satisfied"
"Googled 'give me karma' and this popped up in images. Was not disappointed"
"Black Quagmire?"
"Julian Assange's new desk."
"Cthulhu ruins lives."
"Goes with everything."
"Falcon... PUNCH!"
"Hello Jerry..."
"Dr Suess was The Man"
"Better watch what you drink...."
"Redditing on a Saturday night"
"Reverse 9/11"
"This is the most bad-ass thing I've ever read. I just became 10 degrees manlier by reading it."
"Googled &quot;Was not disappointed.&quot; Definitely wasn't."
"When people make fun of me for liking science"
"How it feels to be on reddit all day."
"."
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'"
"Like a boss! A MANLY boss!"
"TIGER PIGS!!"
"Day No 156  the tiger has yet to figure out the subterfuge. - Team bacon."
"What the hell happened last night..."
"Today I Learned The Continents of The World Can be Re-arranged Into a Rooster"
"It's coming..."
"Popped up on my Facebook feed. Squids?"
"Not Tom &amp; Jerry"
"64 = 65"
"caption contest (dog getting out of pool)"
"WTF  Pooh?"
"well  is it?"
"whatcha thinkin bout? Oh nothin'"
"This ALWAYS happens to me on Battlefield 3!"
"Skill Required vs Fame"
"How I feel whenever I finish an assignment the week before it's due and watch everybody else struggle the night before."
"When I realize nothing in my life is turning out how I had hoped."
"Could you give a hug to this poor sad kitten?"
"My cakeday didn't go as expected"
"STREET FIGHTERS!!!"
"FIGHT!"
"Master of Destruction"
"monday morning."
"Returning to work after the long weekend."
"My attitude anywhere after the first five weeks of classes"
"TIL that I have to wear glasses for the rest of my life...pretty much sums up how I'm feeling right now"
"American foreign policy."
"The feeling of winning an internet fight."
"Where the hole came from"
"i might have watched if...."
"Obama in da house"
"RORO!"
"Crush? Where?!"
"En route to Motherboy XXX  just stopping to get some cash at the ATM..."
"Doggy in a cup"
"Overhearing someone make fun of religion"
"Best upvote gif ever."
"Cheetahs learning to hunt. The one on the right looks rather confused."
"Apparently  &quot;she's too dumb for this stuff.&quot;"
"Oh  the referees."
"How NFL officiating has been recently..."
"Sums up MNF perfectly!"
"How I feel about the NFL replacement refs"
"Poor Packers"
"Honey  there is a kid on our bug..."
"It's raining men!"
"Right here. [xposted gif]"
"oh i got headache from this wine"
"How to piss off nerdy friends"
"Pet costumes that get the Seal of approval"
"I dressed my dog up as a seal for Halloween. Can't tell if he likes it or not."
"So  what's the story behind this image?"
"What today may go like for many Americans"
"How I feel downvoting a link on the top page."
"Should I steal Hitler's wallet?"
"How i expect today to be"
"The more famous they are  the better they taste."
"Reddit's Worst Enemy"
"1st year of time wasting down. This is how I feel about cats after a single year of reddit."
"Scumbag Skyrim"
"I found out my best friend was a creationist"
"Missed Reddit yesterday"
"Whenever I see a &quot;My gf/bf is out of town&quot;-comic"
"leaving reddit for 5 minutes..."
"How I feel when I read rage comics about other rage sites"
"I need stupid friends."
"After not being on reddit all day"
"wut?"
"The first time I masturbated [FIXED]"
"How I feel when I have a good post but it gets down voted to oblivion."
"Cutest Ouroboros."
"OM NOM NOM."
"First time finding out /r/spacedicks"
"Cow At Me Bro!"
"Cow Fever!!"
"Awwww Yeaaaah ITS MATING SEASON!"
"Riding Dirty"
"❤"
"That was pretty goo... OUCH! - Cycling accident"
"Blastoise shreds"
"Had to make this after I saw this gif"
"When i am sad I like to cut myself..."
"I have no idea why I laughed so hard at this"
"Aside from his shitty policies  does anyone else miss his antics?"
"Tomorrow's my birthday  and my girlfriend just broke up with me this morning. This pretty much sums up how I feel about the work week."
"When my roommates decide to have a Human Centipede 1 and 2 marathon..."
"Finding out I'm up against Yorick in lane"
"Dangerzone"
"Every new post  just for luck..."
"Clowns"
"The Goat Tower."
"This is a test of the Peacekeeper Missile system"
"Choose your seat on the bus wisely!"
"I saw this tonight  not sure I needed to."
"McShit"
"Why it took me over an hour to make a 15 minute drive after 1cm of snow"
"I see your Bane conspiracy theory Rush  and I raise you my own."
"How I know where Kentucky is [Fixed]"
"Googled &quot;how to get karma on reddit&quot;"
"Paint"
"No brainer"
"WHY"
"Who needs local glory when you've got a Happy Meal!"
"Well that's just mean"
"This showed up on TV today."
"Yeah... It's kinda like that"
"Swagga Like Us"
"When I feel stupid I read this and instantly feel better"
"priceless"
"When I realized I could block /r/atheism"
"When I go into the women restroom by mistake"
"I know that feel bro."
"Upon realizing that Reddit.com is blocked at work but 9gag isn't"
"Rahm Emmanuel likes Nickelback."
"to much to handle"
"I. Have. No. Words. [x-post from /r/WTF]"
"Seemed to fit."
"&quot;Mom! Mom! Are you coming to my school play?&quot; &quot;Sure son... HOLY SHIT&quot;."
"[x-post from /r/wtf] Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban... WTF?"
"The knight can visit each square on the chess board exactly once (xpost /r/woahdude)"
"Duckface literally"
"Think about it..."
"Dinner x8 BATMAN"
"Life advice from Dwight. (repost....I'm ok with it)"
"What class are you struggling with?"
"You know who fucks real good?"
"Football band surfer"
"Black bear meets Teddy bear"
"When I'm next in the rotation but they take a third puff"
"The most inexplainable picture that exists [NSFW]"
"when shaving goes wrong"
"Seeing my own content reposted on the front page"
"My reaction when I click a front page link and get &quot;This video has been removed by the user.&quot;"
"In reply to PewterCityGymLdr's recent post  I return with this."
"I Love This Stick"
"Back in the day..."
"The Day I Get On The Front Page"
"Make a CD case from a single piece of paper"
"Fish  inside a chicken  smoking a cigarette."
"Amazing Lightning In Lake Erie"
"How I think the rest of the world sees North America."
"my thoughts on all the new video game posts."
"I see your yawning baby bat and raise you one yawning baby sloth!"
"The two most popular things on Reddit this week ...combined"
"Parkour Kid"
"Deal with it"
"How my girlfriend feels when I wake up wanting sex."
"So I have an exam in 45minutes that I completely forgot to study for... only one solution."
"They see me rollin'"
"Everytime I wake up with a hangover"
"Seen @ BYU"
"A Flantastic God"
"Showing my friend a song I like"
"I don't care if it's played out. I love listening to it."
"How I feel when no one likes my 'Funny' post"
"Awesome Slides"
"This pic give me chills"
"Philosoraptor on Skyrim"
"When my friend is hungry i imagine this"
"booom."
"Good way to avoid an argument."
"FBF meets FBtF"
"When someone tries to convince me to do something by saying YOLO"
"When I see &quot;Fortune Cookie&quot; post making a come back..."
"Don't mind him  hes fine"
"Beating Tetris"
"My favorite gifs are Gifs that tell a story  share your best"
"The Truth About Tetris."
"Hats"
"My buddy sent me this after I told him I made the front page.."
"When somebody uses 9Gag and Reddit in the same sentence (FIXED)"
"I think she likes cats... A lot!"
"Karma whore"
"That look..."
"To me  this is CLASSIC WTF  because you click on the link and the first and only response that comes to mind is . . ."
"So  yeah  this popped up on Facebook."
"realistic tattoo"
"Just a regular day at the Apple Store..."
"Whenever I post on Reddit"
"How I feel when I finish an exam first and walk out"
"I guess we'll never know who did it..."
"It must have been the cat"
"My face when Ziggler hits a superkick out of nowhere"
"Where is this from?"
"A long-expose photo taken on the Australian coast under the stars"
"Beans motherfucker."
"Emotional Scars"
"Party on isle 15."
"Keep Rollin Rollin Rollin Rollin YEAH!!"
"So  this was on my Facebook feed..."
"Motherfucking chair."
"Whenever I see a funny repost"
"Found my friend's reddit account  noticed he had more karma than me..."
"Breakfast Time"
"And not a single fuck was given that day."
"Badass ball kickin' dude!"
"Well done please (NSFW)"
"Three Bird Smiley"
"We have lift off"
"Just watering the plants"
"Watering the plants"
"Saving bad luck Brian"
"Thieving bastard."
"Popped up on my news feed  gave me tinglies."
"Not Sure If I Should Laugh Or Be Scared"
"Jimi breaks down."
"Stahp"
"look at that"
"Scientifically versed redditors"
"Hairy naked midgets making a human pyramid as the one on top fucks a clown... NSFL"
"To everyone whom browses /r/spacedicks"
"Just a midget  amputee with a spatula fucking an Elmo doll...[FIXED]"
"My friend says the Fennac Fox is adorable... I'm undecided."
"From Aristotle to Lil Jon"
"I forgot to turn the stopwatch on my phone off...for a very  very long time."
"Bingo"
"hep hep horay"
"anyone who has bought winrar ?"
"The only reason to live"
"This"
"Why don't you go where fashion sits?"
"This sums up my emotions after deleting my Facebook"
"Don't Judge me for liking this game."
"Jesus"
"QWOP."
"groovin"
"Lil' Yoda"
"24 hours worth of day and night snaps merged into one panoramic frame."
"The doctor has many &quot;patience&quot; that he treats."
"DIE ANTWOORD before what ever the fuck happened to them  happened to them."
"WTF Ozzy???"
"Animals&gt;humans"
"Nothing like the pain of childbirth…"
"T-Rex shoes!"
"Possibly best high heels ever!"
"I'd be tempted to wear these. Maybe. ."
"Bugs Bunny's plan to secede from the nation"
"Sleeping Baby Koala"
"Reminds me of drunken girls trying to pose for a picture...[FIXED]"
"A thoroughly compliant meerkat being weighed at London Zoo"
"An ant pushing a water droplet."
"Strange Streetart by Mehmet Ali Uysal in Liege  Belgium"
"What the f**k did you do today?"
"My boss asked me to work overtime this weekend"
"Nuh uh. Superman does good."
"Fox added a correspondent to help with election coverage..."
"Fox added a new correspondent to help with election coverage..."
"Whenever I fart around people."
"When my coworkers and I found out Jersey Shore is getting cancled"
"TIL what happened to Scar after Simba threw him off the mountain"
"What Reddit seems to be lately"
"Another conspiracy by the liberal media..."
"I thought it deserved a separate submission."
"Coincidence? I think not."
"How do you drive this thing?"
"Who uses the word &quot;chalice&quot;?"
"How I imagine the guy at the back of the bus drumming on the seat to his music feels"
"Mini Pig"
"I feel envious of the houseowner"
"Norway  one of the most beautiful countries on Earth."
"HEY HEY HEY  I've got something for you  wait... where did i put it?"
"My friend"
"birthday skeleton"
"What the hell is this?"
"I'd better not see this in real life."
"i fucking love cocaine"
"Cocaine Spider [x-post from pics]"
"My favourite cocaine related gif"
"Every time on my birthday... [FB]"
"Who made this guy?!"
"Hahaha"
"A mini horse in the Apple store"
"Hey you!!! Ya you with the beard...."
"Not the best form of parenting"
"Like a boss..."
"When I Found /r/curvy"
"I made you a toast.."
"Sith Toast"
"Some Dark Humour..."
"So this popped up on my facebook feed."
"When everyone has bud in the group sesh"
"This is what got me into reddit! but there was music when i first saw it"
"straight outta hobbiton"
"Pet Rock"
"mans best friend"
"Whenever I try not to cum."
"When You're Bored"
"He got hit in the head with a what?!"
"This is  and will always be my FAVORITE face-swap ever!"
"Here come the down votes.. God bless 'Murica"
"he is going to be a champ one day"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on &quot;atheist&quot; vs. &quot;agnostic&quot;"
"&quot;It's like an entertainment complex in the middle of a sewage system. Who designed that?&quot;"
"&quot;It's like an entertainment complex in the middle of a sewage system. Who designed that?&quot;"
"If the spiders don't get you in Australia... the fire tornado will!"
"Perry the Platypus"
"Morrissey and a cat...nothing out of the ordinary."
"Everytime I get done fapping to weird porn."
"Alone"
"Alone in the dark"
"Oh you ran a marathon?"
"Catwoman makes me jizz in my pants."
"First world cat problems."
"Some People..."
"Ask a swedish 6yo why we celebrate easter"
"I KEEP IT REAL"
"So who makes these shirts?"
"When I look out the window thinking it's June..."
"The definition of not giving a fuck"
"Why? Seriously why the fuck would you do this?"
"2 girls one octopus 0.o"
"Yumm...."
"Science rules"
"Every single time I enter the bathroom  my cat is doing this..."
"Well  that's a pretty shitty gift alright."
"Kitten 300"
"Slow mo cat attack"
"The only way to destroy it."
"Still my favorite gif. [Fixed]"
"I'm a bus  bitches."
"wat"
"Oh  it appears I'm controller 1... PEW PEW PEW!!"
"Imagine no religion..."
"Imagine No Religion (a reminder for today) - [repost]"
"My reaction to seeing someone failing at a easy video game"
"I think I might break the Internet with this one."
"Oh...you say a it's a long weekend"
"Sounds like he's telling the truth"
"Gomie's rollin in the riches"
"Perseverance [gif]"
"UPDATE on the guy that is preforming surgery on himself"
"bathroom prank"
"Ladies and gentlemen  the Houston Astros"
"In space no one can hear you scream."
"FRACK!"
"Loca dog"
"The sexiest pic ever."
"FOX news isnt gonna like this one."
"Aww Ron Swanson! =]"
"Ultimate disproof."
"Ah  the colorful characters at Denny's.."
"Photobombing champ!"
"MFW a christian told me the earths axis is tilted as a result of noah's great flood"
"What I imagine gay porn is like [SFW]"
"Wat. No idea what's going on here."
"Why are you running? Oh.... (X-post from r/gifs)"
"When the USS Enterprise aircraft carrier was launched  this is what was displayed on her deck. An awesome sight to say the least"
"Whenever people tell me they're &quot;not really stressed&quot; about finals."
"Most of the stories on f7u12....."
"Me after losing my phone under the covers."
"No matter how hard you try. [x-post from /r/funny]"
"There's only one way to find that out."
"So what does this taste like?"
"Overreaction maybe?"
"Options  he had none."
"Jamie Hyneman as a baby."
"Reddit  you must LOVE Mark Leggett (TV Composer / Comedian)"
"Sounds like a pretty rough life"
"Dear Religion"
"MJ still alive and using the same name in UK ..just sayin.."
"Who said it? Mitt Romney vs Mr. Burns"
"Not bad /aww edition"
"Good thing the imgur server isn't like this"
"Still my favorite gif ever."
"Friend as a Baby"
"I'm genuinely interested in whether anyone remembers playing THIS as a kid."
"Stark &amp; Recreation"
"How a Gamer feels Waking up on the Last Day They will live in a Dorm..."
"How it feels today"
"When i got my first computer."
"Blending"
"Whurtermelhurrn"
"Caution: Flammable [gif]"
"Subway uses midgets to make their sandwiches look bigger?"
"Quack Quack."
"The worst idea ever. (xpost from r/pics)"
"Can I just step over...no...no? Ok bye."
"For Sale: 1995 Pontiac Grand AM"
"Grand am... Found on craigslist"
"The Salsa Dog Needs to Pee!!"
"I like to.. move it."
"Dozens of people killed by cat"
"American foreign policy..."
"Never again."
"A tattoo help you learn"
"A tattoo help you learn"
"I'm glad I'm not a parent if this is what a day at the park is like."
"Soon... Very soon."
"At Dawn"
"jim lahey"
"Did you find this review helpful?"
"How I felt when I found out my boss goes on reddit:"
"I just love this gif."
"I don't normally post to Reddit  but when I do I shit gold."
"Ever partied like an animal?"
"What is black or white"
"So  who else had their school ban these?"
"Not cool Harry"
"My first actual WTF moment (xpost r/funny)"
"Reddit user  Vogey  has turned a popular jpg into an animated gif. We've witnessed the birth of something beautiful."
"More Magnets"
"Silly Magnus..."
"when the school band leaves the harp unattended."
"I don't have words for this.. I'm mentally flat lining right now.."
"No words for this... Mentally flat lining right now.. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Ice Cream?"
"Disciprin."
"Don't pick your nose!"
"I googled &quot;ugliest person ever.&quot; I got this."
"Baby Harp Seal"
"Seven Headed Creature in stereo!"
"Here to party"
"Stop!"
"Everybody chill the f*ck out... I've got this sh*t!"
"Balls mixed"
"I Just Saw You Naked..."
"Stunning early image of Milky Way from Mars!"
"A view of the Milky Way from Mars."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Pull"
"BANG BANG!"
"Never understand bees."
"When I see something NSFW on r/funny"
"What a nice r.. OH GOD NO"
"Just Walk Away."
"Blowy on the Forth Road Bridge  Scotland"
"Hong Kong Night Skyline"
"The stats on internet pornography"
"No Fap Thanksgiving!"
"Introducing friends to Reddit"
"Just tasting."
"Oh Japan..."
"What."
"I hate to see her go  but I love to watch her leave."
"well shit."
"Aqueduct made from ships [pic] x-post from r/frisson"
"Eat shit  bird!"
"It's my first cake day. My friend here wanted to help me get karma"
"I think I feel something"
"A beautiful start to the day"
"Colbert's dancing in the sunlight"
"MFW I get out of school/work early"
"Every time I listen to Yes by LMFAO this is in my head"
"Met a model on okcupid two days before my cake day (today) who is REALLY into Reddit and Karma-whoring..."
"[gifsound]A broad I fancy told me &quot;You've got to know the way I feel about you.&quot;"
"Napoleon"
"SUDDENLY.... ACID."
"5000 x 4043 pixels: Dubai  United Arab Emirates  on 4 January 2012"
"The Romsters?"
"Winning an internet argument."
"All reditors on r/science and r/technology last night."
"Hit me Harry one more time"
"Train Etiquette. Super Simple Stuff"
"huh? Is this serious?"
"Apple - Samsung - Nokia classroom"
"because  FUCK physics"
"for real?!?"
"Atlas."
"WTF Midgets?"
"Reddit  I present to you a cute bear"
"Old heros for a new generation"
"Courage Wolf vs. Insanity Wolf"
"Catformer."
"When I woke up and smelled my mom cooking bacon in the morning?"
"Right before clicking a link from a comment that was heavily upvoted"
"This Boston Terrier approves of this subreddit."
"missed my cake day so heres a kitten"
"So I was wondering how to effectively troll and...."
"How I feel right now"
"How I imagine(d) reddit after Obama won."
"When my posts get down voted"
"We had so much fun at-- wait! Animal Kingdom! Animal Kingdom!!"
"So I finally decided to check out this /r/spacedicks thing..."
"This changes everything!"
"Found it on FB this morning."
"Nigelkarp"
"It's Super Effective!"
"Grandma  put a shirt on!"
"Raising scholars"
"these arms  that face"
"How it feels to not have a Facebook"
"ASSEMBLE"
"Why i can never be cool"
"Sunglasses..."
"Still my favorite picture on the Internet"
"Just swinging away..."
"Flooded 86th Street Subway Station."
"Browsing r/funny for more then 2 hours"
"Slumber Party Court"
"I Find This Attire..."
"A Panda being a dick"
"bebe otters"
"Wildebeest"
"Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office in 1998"
"Tag  your It."
"Not something you see every day..."
"Lol'd so hard at my friend's poverty halloween costume. Post some of the worst costumes on your news feed."
"Batter up"
"What doesn't kill you"
"Day 1 of Communist America [FB]"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like hands."
"Meanwhile in India."
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Shoop Da Whoop"
"So many Vi mirror matches right now"
"Fear and Loathing in Mos Eisley"
"*Poke*"
"Ive change my mind about going to work."
"What did I just find?"
"My thoughts on last night's South Park"
"How I imagine redditors when they see a bad parking/wrong speling/bad grammer"
"When the downvotes keep coming"
"In Soviet Russia  the protesters pepper-spray the police"
"Asian Arcade Gamer is the best around!"
"When I try to bribe my girlfriend's family into liking me and then her Dad shows up and ruins it..."
"Religion in europe  this pretty much sums it up (x-post r/funny)"
"Where can I find a necklace with a 'T' on it?"
"How I picture people affected by hurricane Sandy."
"Gotta cap them all! [x-post /r/gaming]"
"Wait For It..."
"One American trend I don't mind."
"Was career day at school for dressup day. This is what he came back with"
"Like A Boss"
"Louis CK is amused."
"My 25 year old son drew this painting yesterday  should i tell him to apply for Academy of Fine Arts Vienna (again)?"
"Worst potential movie ever."
"The dog receives special privileges. He is regularly released  and seems more than willing to return. He is obviously retarted."
"How it feels going from 95 to 65 degrees in one week in Southern California"
"Didn't see this posted anywhere but some more Ron Ulysses Swanson gold!"
"His smile makes it that much harder to leave each morning. I am feeling a strong urge to hug that puppy.What about you."
"Searched bizarre boobs  was not disappointed"
"look out!"
"Self Brushing Cat"
"Shut up and give me the job!"
"How to get a job"
"How to break in a neighbor."
"A repost that only '90s kids will get. Such a gem"
"I think he has the women's vote."
"Predictions about 2001 from 1901"
"You're doing it wrong...Or maybe really  really right."
"How I feel having been upgraded from Friendzone to Fuck Buddy..."
"Asking my pregnant wife a question"
"What the fuuu-BOOOM!"
"Ironman cosplay. Nailed it."
"The heavens have opened!"
"Whenever college professor talks about smoking weed or drinking  in any context..."
"I googled (googled)"
"Wouldn't it be easier to just buy a holster?!"
"New role model acquired"
"GOTTA GO FAT"
"Fat Sonic (x post from /r/gaming)"
"PandaSLAM"
"This is what Facebook Chat has become for me"
"The Best Story Ever!"
"Love"
"HIFW I turn on Maury to when the test results are in."
"Why Redditors down vote grammatical errors so much"
"Firefox has encountered a problem"
"Remember..."
"Cat throws a mouse (by Angelo de Santis)"
"Fuck yeah cat (r/pics)"
"Motherfucking Sabin"
"my response to all the old TIL/old news articles on reddit"
"Seems like everyone but me"
"As an Indian living in Denmark..."
"&quot;Come on  it's easy to eat healthy and work out every day.&quot;"
"A chimpanzee feeding a tiger"
"Just a chimp bottle feeding a tiger cub."
"Ewok disguise!"
"Vowels (One more to go!)"
"Me watching the Browns try to play football."
"I still laugh every time I see this."
"A more accurate depiction of Internet Explorer."
"Feeling the urge to respond to this disgusting use of religion  but should I take the higher road? Also  32 Likes!?"
"Rushing to find something good for your Cake Day"
"That is gonna hurt tomorrow."
"Extreme anal SFW."
"If You're Irish  You Understand."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE."
"TUUUUUBE"
"Why are orgasims like opinions?"
"The Bomb? Planted by aliens."
"I don't think Facebook knows what this meme is..."
"Watching my dad (a GP doctor) watch House is more entertaining than the show - Imgur"
"This is the real reason you should sleep with a teddy bear"
"Wait  this isn't my mask...."
"Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. WRONG MASK LINK!"
"some people are natural born swimmers....and other people are not..."
"Depth perception."
"Sometimes you're so sure you're going to make it.... but alas...."
"Little bites  Mr. nibbles! Little bites!"
"Meanwhile at Reddit HQ after Obama AMA"
"I have nothing but the utmost fear and respect for Big Cola"
"Da Fuq did i just see?"
"Armadillo lizard"
"Next Friday is my last day with the company I've been at for the last 6 years. Here's how I feel about emails in my final week."
"bob marley"
"I prefer this Rodeo"
"Questionable Ewok"
"Chinese Giant Salamander"
"Tattoos Gone Wrong - Chris Brown"
"Not feelin it."
"How to perform CPR"
"The most obedient dog ever."
"It's Jackie Chan!"
"when I realize it's my cake day"
"Costa Rican special forces"
"Best 'deal with it' I've seen yet."
"Star Fox Is Down"
"Fox is down!"
"RAWRRRRR!"
"Maximum Overload"
"FEUER FREI !!"
"going back to school tomorrow"
"Soon... (when you see it)"
"Hipster Ice."
"A tiny pygmy hippo eating lettuce"
"Sums of patent infringement these days"
"Gais I am open!"
"Go ahead"
"go ahead  call the cops..."
"Jay Adams"
"Ronald's a dick"
"You spin my pencil right round"
"really high guy meets friend."
"My favorite gif on the internet. Try it!"
"TASTE THE RAINBOW!"
"How I imagine every college student on the last day of finals week."
"Feel the beat!"
"When my boyfriend told me he just bought my Christmas present"
"Want to taste my pickle?"
"Bumpy road ahead"
"Oppa slender style!"
"My response to  &quot;Who loves Gary Oldman?&quot;"
"WW1 History Lesson"
"Whenever I see that someone posted a comment I was going to write."
"Reddit's very own shirt."
"Dancing pug dances like no one is looking"
"To everybody who posts cat pictures:"
"My experience with Battlefield 3 so far"
"Ramos vs Baumgartner"
"Reddit elevator"
"SHOTS!! (first post)"
"Batman has got a new costume."
"Who am I? That's right!"
"Superhero Squirrel"
"Bunny gets busy with balloon"
"A question Reddit can surely answer"
"Supplies!"
"Surprise!"
"Anybody know anything about this pic? Slighty NSFW"
"What the hell happened?"
"Unfortunate Children (...because watching kids get hurt is funny)"
"I for one welcome our new deer overlords."
"This just showed up in my newsfeed...go Obama?"
"Sometimes people post worthwile things on Facebook"
"Boobs or closer"
"How I feel after being awake for 14 hours and dealing with my teams shenanigans..."
"I ate his liver with some meow mix.... and a nice bowl of milk"
"This is pretty much my favorite GIF atm"
"Home security"
"How to blow 1.5 trillion dollars"
"r/politics"
"How FunkyJunk feels after hiring Charles Carreon."
"Driving to the beach with my friends on my first vacation in years."
"Uhn tiss uhn tiss uhn tiss"
"DANCE THREAD!!!!"
"A bit true when you think about it"
"This is how I imagine people that make violence threats from behind a computer."
"This is worth the click. Trust me."
"I think we got a troll on board."
"Fucks given: 0."
"#1 in the universe baby"
"Now that's a coffee"
"The espresso cups at Cafe Toro Negro in Guatemala."
"After a week of RAGING  this was the final result."
"The entire time I was playing The Walking Dead Episode 3."
"Submitted a link to GW and checked my message box half an hour later........"
"How I felt after being blocked for telling someone the president doesn't have as much power as he thinks"
"After watching the 15 minute game play of Bio Shock Infinite"
"I see your California Spider  and raise you an Australian Bird Eating Spider"
"KarmasturaLap"
"...because people will love our product"
"Oh  nothing. Just a couple platypuses wearing hats"
"D'awwwww."
"After eating one small powdered donut"
"Oh Michael .."
"The Elevator KG Sign Needs To Be Attached"
"Silly Germans..."
"Skateboarding in New York in the 60's (x/post from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"I want to carry this guy around in my pocket"
"TINY MONKEY!"
"Please ignore the crane..."
"My girlfriend after I was at my parents for a week..."
"The order of these is important."
"Guess I never need to sleep again ..."
"Too slow."
"Maybe someday we can make it 0."
"Pretty much my reaction every time I see that 'Like if listening to this in 2012' is the top comment on a youtube video"
"When the dumbest post on the frontpage has 2 000 more upvotes than everything else"
"*pop*"
"hmm   what`s this for?"
"Awww  he's so cute...Let's check...... AWW SHIT"
"&quot;... sponsored in part by Crocs and Internet Explorer.&quot;"
"Never forget"
"Just some slow motion lightning"
"Fire fighters dealing with not only fire......came up on my newsfeed."
"Mr Boothat for president!"
"Who needs a title when you got this guy!"
"Well shit..."
"Ridiculously photogenic down-hiller"
"This was my history teachers wallpaper"
"Fruit And Veggie Owl!"
"They are coming! Be affraid  very affraid!"
"&quot;after the man threw a stone toward the leopard&quot;"
"Real life Pikachu caught in the wild!"
"I choose you kitty"
"PIKA!"
"Today is my cakeday  and I don't own a cat that I can whore out for karma."
"No  not quite"
"Repost from /Wtf found it.....hilarious"
"Ooooooooh  SHIT"
"Well  that escalated quickly [FB]"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"ok"
"LOCK UP YOUR DAUGHTERS!"
"mentos and beer"
"What happens when you put mentos in beer"
"Vindication! (blatantly stolen from /r/funny)"
"Hot dog"
"Incredible gear porn! Check out /r/gears for more"
"Oh God please no more..."
"Freddie Mercury"
"Freddie Mercury!"
"Hey! I'm not judging!"
"SLAP!Pinguine got a bad day..."
"I think they're being a bit too extreme."
"There's a new subreddit for &quot;how I feel when&quot;: /r/HIFW"
"Would you still adopt?"
"Team rocket blasting off again!"
"My reaction when I come home and my sister's underage friend is all over me"
"Scottish stool"
"Oh boy."
"oops!"
"I've been pretty disappointed so far by the lack of 'The Far Side' cartoons on Reddit."
"IT'S FRIDAY"
"When someone asks what I'm up to this weekend"
"John F. Kennedy Alien Hunter"
"I got my new Macbook today."
"Here is a little Perspective"
"Well I guess it's settled."
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"And he's musical too!"
"Next time I have a party I'm playing this game"
"How I end every argument"
"Parents Beware:"
"Awesome sculpture to stumble on deep in a forest!"
"This picture BUGS me"
"Portal meets LIMBO [x-post from /portal]"
"And he was never seen again..."
"Oh Obi  that's not nice to do."
"You never fail me Facebook"
"Wait what?"
"This was seriously on a facebook page for kids..."
"This is the first one I've seen that is pretty distasteful"
"Saw this on Facebook- thought it was a bit O.T.T"
"The warmest sleeping bag... NSFW  NSFL I guess."
"Exact reaction when I hit 500 karma"
"You monster!"
"My size is cute!"
"The Clitoris Knot"
"My all-time favorite .gif.... BEEEEES!!!!!"
"Cool Story Brah"
"Cool Story Brah"
"Google is always right"
"You rant one ronton soop?"
"BEEP! BEEP! DERIVERY!"
"Waiting for this album right now"
"Meanwhile  in Puerto Rico..."
"I did Nazi this coming (no love for this over in Pics  the philistines)."
"When I realized it was my cakeday at 11:30 PM and I have nothing to submit."
"some of the great bromances of our time"
"Yolo dog strikes again"
"My Dog After He Goes To His Cage For Pooping On The Floor"
"The tides have turned (x-post r/punny)"
"No  the brakes haven't been tampered with  it's just your imagination. That's right Dave  now just slowly turn the key in the ignition and go."
"In all my time on reddit  this is still the scariest picture I've seen."
"mind blown"
"Michigan J. Frog sings &quot;Hello My Baby&quot;"
"From: The Stork"
"the announcement of whatever is on the gameinformer cover for august 14th is comming"
"If only this were real..."
"How i feel browsing Reddit sometimes..."
"Friend sent me this right before he came to my apartment."
"Lawyer Up"
"drinking time"
"Oh Bill at it again"
"Every Time I Take the Bus [FIXED]"
"Peekaboo."
"How I feel when my wife's shitty Netflix title gets here before mine does."
"Oh  It is just the first lady sitting on Mr T's Lap in the White House"
"Just a picture of Nancy Reagan sitting on Mr. T's lap. For the holidays."
"Pooping"
"False alarm"
"My FB friend posted this today"
"Baby octopus"
"Drunk limbo fail"
"Its how I pictured Arnold to be when he became the California Governor"
"Bastion"
"Accidental Racism"
"I don't know man...let's Google this shit..."
"Ghetto impressionist"
"Impressionist motto"
"Nonononono...okay."
"Best time to be a ginger!"
"Teehee"
"Why would you wear this in public?"
"I found this on 9gag and changed it slightly"
"Some people claim to see Jesus' face in toast..."
"OH NOOOOO!"
"How I felt after waking up to see USA take the lead over China in Olympic medals"
"Can't handle my swag"
"So in addition to a girlfriend I decided I don't want a job either"
"Whenever I get an upvote"
"Talking to my moms friend and I asked the question. He sent back this."
"I expect to ride the karma train to the front today."
"Cast Away: Deleted Scenes"
"How times have changed"
"How I feel after I get Reddit Mail after a long time...."
"Cloud City  Dubai"
"Walter White  pokemaster."
"Perfect visualisation of what I like drunk on /new"
"Happy elephant is happy!"
"How i feel just hitting 100 Karma!!"
"Mr. &quot;Freddie&quot; Rogers"
"Mr. &quot;Freddie&quot; Rogers"
"The best thing to come out of BBC's Africa [gif]"
"He was a fighter until the end"
"I love Ass Fudge..."
"for dear god why?"
"Just watching this makes them hurt... [NSFW]"
"So.Many.Owls."
"Ouch"
"Candy Machine"
"When I accidentally upvote a post I meant to downvote..."
"when I see a comment linking to a youtube video"
"People who post 'best gif ever'"
"Ohh  you touch my tra la la"
"Heavy can't get enough of your love  Baby"
"Fuck you Calvin Rickson! X("
"When you have to go"
"Saw it on Tosh.0 and just found it again off Tumblr."
"Had a few decent posts on here  then i got cocky..."
"GET THAT MOTHERFUCKER!"
"How true it is."
"That moment..."
"Graceful Reversal"
"When i see a nsfw post"
