"How I act when I see a &quot;How I feel when..&quot; post in /r/funny"
"Google search for &quot;American Sushi&quot;"
"Trolling level: cat"
"NOT A CHANCE!"
"Anyone know who made these? Wedding bands with etched wave-form of the couple saying &quot;I do&quot;"
"Forever Arone"
"Balloonfest 1986"
"Made me laugh.."
"Caught in a web of cries."
"Their faces say it all."
"Fire Breather"
"oh hai"
"cant decide who the bigger D-Bag is."
"Different perspectives"
"Unlikely Friends"
"Zip zoobity bop"
"MY MOM TOLD ME SHE WOULD BUY ME GRAPES BUT SHE LIED TO ME"
"I've had enough tumblr."
"Wolverine Fan going the extra mile"
"But...but......why!?!"
"This is definitely an original post"
"Stay classy Australia"
"This guy won't stop staring..."
"Bitch Slapped"
"You did WHAT?!?"
"The fuck you say 'bout my mum?"
"Me during the playing of any sport"
"As a relatively new redditor  this is how my first downvote felt"
"I cant stop laughing..."
"How I feel when I make a post that doesn’t get to the front page  but doesn’t get downvoted into oblivion either."
"My tattoo shop is better than yours."
"THE MORE YOU KNOW"
"When my gf tells me she just talked with my ex.."
"Me after hearing the girl I've been dating is pregnant by her old bf"
"Just to stay on the safe side... NSFL"
"Growin' Up [gif]"
"Me when I see a guy has posted on /r/gonewild"
"When McNulty starts drinking and whoring again after he had quit all that in season 3"
"New Day = 10 New Gifs For You Guys"
"How I picture conservatives posting in /r/politics."
"How I feel trying to submit some OC"
"nope nope nope nope nope. (Nomura's Jellyfish)"
"A Lions Mane Jellyfish  the largest jellyfish in the world."
"Not a single fuck given"
"Firefox's add on"
"The Wet William Tell"
"Whenever I'm on a quick escalator"
"&quot;Aww look at her having so much f- OH SWEET JESUS WHAT THE FUCK?!&quot;"
"What I look like checking my posts for upvotes"
"vietnamese babies after agent orange exposure"
"the best part of having a Nokia"
"Marketing vs Reality..."
"Some men are real gentlemen."
"Skateboard Jump FAIL !!!!!!!!!!"
"Dat Ass"
"FedEx always F*cks up my order"
"I have an iPad too!"
"Sigh - 4/20"
"Come to the dark side...we have donuts!"
"How I feel when an automatic faucet in a public restroom has hot water..."
"My reaction when I accidentally order a full-fat latte instead of my usual Skim Milk one [GIF]"
"Can anybody inform me as to what the fuck the story behind this picture is?"
"wait for it  wait for it..."
"The Land Before Time"
"Positively the best negative I have seen ...."
"Oh Einstein  you so silly"
"The father of the theory of relativity wearing fuzzy slippers"
"leviticus also said..."
"Just watched my first episode of Adventure Time....."
"Made a cleaner &quot;huge mistake&quot; gif  enjoy"
"Saw this on Ellen's show during a youtube video. Classic Ellen... (video link in comments)"
"Blaze it faggot."
"Family pictures were always problematic."
"Dat ass"
"Watch out  we got a badass over here"
"Chinese ripoffs can be beautiful things..."
"Earth and it's surroundings...for the next 7+billion years."
"Ladies and Gentlemen  the US Military."
"No longer safe to tan outside naked in your own yard"
"Wait for it..."
"I feel much safer now."
"How I feel as a Junior debating other students in a 100-level class."
"starbucks didn't think this one through..."
"Starbucks Sucks  even they admit it."
"Ain't no one."
"Tiny Hippo"
"Calling all kids who grew up in the 20s"
"Always when I fry bacon and someone walks in."
"How I feel ever time I get upvotes"
"When im going to bed with 100 karma  and waking up with 500!"
"Why I love Eminem"
"Everytime I try to fap with my parents home."
"Just a cat with a curly moustache"
"Anti-Soviet warrior puts his army on the road to peace"
"Hank"
"Checkmate"
"Start Wandows Ngrmadly... [pic]"
"Browsing reddit while a girl you like is watching..."
"Goat aurora over Greenland"
"if historical events had facebook statuses"
"look at the bar of soap I invented for washing my face on the go"
"Hide and seek: African safari edition"
"Me when i learned they're banning yoga pants from my school"
"Puppies in overalls"
"MINE"
"I wish I had a can of that"
"Boyfriend dumped me  got my hair done"
"Radical Islam"
"When you ride alone"
"Tourist Guy - The infamous photoshop hoax that trolled 9/11."
"How babies are made"
"I'm not buying blinds again"
"This is not what it looks like"
"No  man! I swear it..."
"“I have all the characteristics of a human being: flesh  blood  skin  hair … but not a single  clear  identifiable emotion  except for greed and disgust.” American Psycho (2000)"
"Watching porn when all of a sudden the guy makes a noise..."
"Meanwhile  at Steam HQ..."
"if it exists  there is porn of it."
"Karma Boots"
"A perfect Spongebob"
"Brace yourself"
"What's your current wallpaper?"
"Hey kitty~ ugh..."
"Googled  &quot;Give me something that will get me to the front page&quot;."
"Googled &quot;How to get on the front page of reddit&quot;. Wasn't disappointed."
"So I googled 'Get me to the front page of Reddit' ..."
"Classic Gaffigan"
"The person who built these gave absolutely zero fuck"
"Ta Daaaaaaa!!!"
"Mona Lisa 2012"
"who's got wood"
"Met after a long time."
"I feel turning the shower head on in the morning."
"New Mama"
"Redditor's attempt at relationships."
"When ents get depressed"
"Trolling  scumbag style"
"Is it too soon to be funny?"
"Too soon."
"hangover cat"
"Bone Cancer (from r/pics)"
"This is what a bone cancer patient's skull looks like. Ouch."
"&quot;Hey man..&quot;"
"Getting downvoted to oblivion"
"When one of my posts gets downvoted to oblivion"
"This is how I feel when I downvote someone in /new"
"Comparison of Brave New World and 1984  shockingly familiar"
"Cat in beauty parlor..."
"Coz a pirate is free."
"How I feel as a Brit when Americans complain about their hot  dry summer."
"HI! Is this thing on? *click*"
"It will be alright."
"He loves it  that's all that matters."
"Yep  he's doing fine!"
"So this just popped up on my FB."
"Finding out your getting paid time and half at the end of a long day.."
"MFW I farted in class and everyone glared at the fat kid next to me"
"Bodybuilder Photoshop Fail in Real Life!"
"I think you forgot something there buddy"
"What the actual fuck"
"This is pretty much how everyone else in the world views &quot;Bronies&quot;."
"MFW I wipe and get a smudge of poop on my finger"
"When it's bright  sunny day in Seattle."
"I can think of a few people who could use this advice"
"Those disgusting ex-girlfriend porno sites (SFW)"
"How I feel at work today"
"I kind of want to do this to someone"
"F for fail."
"The new steam badge system makes me feel old"
"Deal with it."
"Let us remember  the original Scumbag Steve: Fred Durst"
"Picture of mars from one of the rovers as seen on space.com"
"Mars."
"Pic of Jim Lehrer moderating tonight's debate"
"Fuck this kind of packaging.."
"This would definitely settle it. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Gets me every time"
"Metal."
"just a little puppy kiss"
"How I felt after 1 person had signed up to the subreddit I created"
"Pretty much sums up r/gonewild"
"Ready for the gym."
"If I wanna take a shit while standing  I´m gonna take a shit while standing. [GIF]"
"I don't know what to call this because I'm still laughing so hard."
"Typing out the last couple words for a paper late at night"
"Not so extreme...."
"When you forget to pick up your child from school."
"Woke up to a full inbox and double my comment karma  with no memory of posting last night"
"Cartman"
"Deleting a post with no upvotes."
"Deleting a post with negative karma"
"Impressive picture of lilies at sunset"
"The things I've seen...."
"The things this guy has seen...... * shiver*"
"So  I finally got a job interview"
"Late night redditors"
"Unicorn Lady"
"I could watch this all day!"
"He is risen"
"Oh  Ariel (xpost from r/funny)"
"Seashells"
"....Hair"
"The only haircut"
"When I want to buy a discounted game in Steam and it isn't compatible with wine."
"Searched Atheism on Google Images and found out I'm a cannibal."
"I think this belongs here"
"How I'm sure I look when I check out a girl"
"Cat Behavior"
"When I'm winning at Monopoly..."
"I present to everyone the real life Scooby Doo [X-post from r/funny]"
"Statistics [PIC]"
"Guided Missle [gif]"
"Picture of Cat"
"Remember the creepy person/thing in the google street view pic? It's blurred out now!"
"Damn rules."
"Does Anger Management work?"
"I love spidey too little guy"
"When I Down Vote Something on r/aww"
"How I feel at a [9]"
"reddit  you and your silly cats"
"When I'm listening to an older song on a friend Ipod and it turns to be a crappy remix"
"How it Feels After Clearing Out 300GB of Hard Drive Space"
"I swear this is how half of you get your karma"
"How I imagine the folders of Reddit users"
"Monk and a tiger"
"I love those things!"
"Nintendo 3DS Safety Manual"
"Ssssssssss-ahhhhhh"
"Festive realtor"
"These guys might just tickle the tolerance into you!"
"It's my birthday today. Only one guy said Happy Birthday..."
"Canadians..."
"American or not  Sept. 11 is a day away. For a day that I will always remember  it is the first thing I remember when I imagine a world without Religion."
"bwaa"
"face flip"
"Pretty women right ?"
"Me  trying to give advice"
"Police Notes"
"Elephant at the beach."
"My dog"
"Aww? More like AWWWWWWW YEEAAAAAHHH"
"Still my favorite pic!"
"But I just want to cuddle..."
"this makes me cringe"
"Asking the questions that need to be answered"
"When you see it..."
"First Contact"
"First contact"
"An island within a lake within an island within a lake within an island."
"My Bike! (x-post r/thewalkingdead)"
"'MURICA"
"America! Fuck yeah!"
"America! Fuck yeah! (xpost from r/pics)"
"Everytime my post gets immediately downvoted.."
"This showed up on my Facebook feed."
"Useful to some  harmful to many."
"A chipmunk  in the snow. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Because I'm Worth It"
"i would watch the shit out of this"
"He is legend"
"I'm not falling for that again."
"Redditors kidnaps a cats family and holds them at gunpoint until he dresses up for a silly picture. All for that sweet sweet karma."
"How I feel every time I get my paycheck"
"My first reddit post! Meet my cat Luna. I make her work for her treats.."
"Meet Luna!! I make her work for her treats.."
"Bookstore fun."
"He thinks he's cool..."
"When a girl texts me hey with like five y's"
"lolcat in training"
"Balance [gif]"
"Just turn around and act as if nothing happened."
"Cereal"
"Cat Thugs n Harmony"
"The hood is sparkly...."
"25 years of Zelda"
"The final flight of a honey bee. [990x965] (Cake)"
"I could practically hear yakety sax playing as he kept picking up stuff and dropping it into the puddle."
"Om Nom Nom"
"Mom tries the water slide"
"Strike!"
"He asked for it."
"i`ll just startle myself"
"Don’t move  there’s a bug on your back"
"When everything goes according to plan"
"Wish my desk was this cool"
"New haircut!"
"When someone tries to argue with me on reddit"
"How my first attempt at cakeday went..."
"bop"
"And the price for biggest buzzkill goes to!"
"So the placement of my new Chem class gives me 5 consecutive classes with no break to eat."
"Monkey sword fight you say?... yea quite"
"Not bad"
"Great album cover  or greatest album cover? [fixed]"
"What are you parents getting you for Christmas?"
"i am a dj and every single time someone asks me to play this song..."
"Don't Speak."
"Buzz Twilightyear."
"Life-sized Optimus Prime"
"Not the time for that (first)"
"This would be a Glasswing Butterfly."
"View from my car window in morning"
"Best of 4chan."
"Boats N Hoes [NSFW]"
"I'm going to hell for this  your new favourite DJ"
"When I'm replying to people who reply to my comment late at night."
"Whenever I sit and wonder if every decision I've ever made has been the wrong one"
"A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Richard Pryor loves vampires"
"Yes  I also love the Australian  Male  Christian President."
"Dallas: Gnarly tornado is gnarly"
"Funnel cloud touching down in Orchard  Iowa"
"Ever get so happy that you hump the air and rainbows come out your dick? SFW"
"Thank god Wonder Woman is here! We are going to be saved!"
"Existentialism."
"Baby Fennec Fox"
"A never before posted Fennec Fox &lt;3"
"Superdog"
"Nothing says..."
"Look at this amazing photo my girlfriend took today"
"Peanut butter"
"How I feel at work this morning."
"Smoke Break"
"Embroidery."
"Van Gogh's Starry Night in 3-D"
"I want this so hard."
"How I feel trying to find a full-time job"
"Still gets me every time [credit u/CyaSteve]"
"Its not that easy to be a mother"
"Some men just want to watch the world learn..."
"felt like reddit was lacking some didney worl"
"Can't stop me!"
"Now even more gangsta."
"I'll see your picture of Harrison Ford and raise you one of Simon Pegg on a girl's bike."
"Yup I live in Arkansas..."
"He does exist"
"Come my friend..."
"SOON"
"I could watch this to music for HOURS"
"The real introspective bear [refixed again]"
"I googled &quot;Asian Cats&quot;  I guess that's exactly what I got..."
"How I feel walking into the bathroom at work to poop and all the stalls are free (FIXED)"
"Googled &quot;Reddit downvote&quot; and got this. Never. Downvoting. Again."
"Every time someone asks to borrow my laptop..."
"When my husband suggests anal sex"
"Baby Hedgehogs"
"Bryan Cranston dressed as Uncle Tio (bonus Jesse as a Pollo)"
"Pulp Fiction"
"That movie sucks"
"That look [xpost from /r/gifs]"
"Nothing like an original..."
"You mean Lil' Wayne *and* LMFAO are quitting music this summer?"
"How I feel going back to school after a long weekend"
"How the dinosaurs reacted when they saw the meteor coming..."
"When a friend posted a link I wanted to post and then got downvoted to oblivion"
"I'd like to make an upvote gif but..."
"That's it. I'm unsubscribing r/WTF"
"Girl gives great head (SFW)"
"Horse Riding - Gangnam Style! (full clip in discription)"
"Cosy"
"Nap Time"
"well cats do like the dark....."
"When you're sitting on the toilet and a spider starts crawling towards you"
"Every big dream you have after you hit 40 years old."
"Best batman picture ever"
"No Words"
"How a bee looks like when it gets in my house"
"Celebrities photos with bikes Photoshopped out of them."
"How I feel trying to get karma my first cake day."
"So just about to go into my first &quot;business strategy&quot; meeting"
"Dis shit don't stop."
"Got Ya"
"Lasting consequences of a failed system."
"Found this in r/WTF. I would probably be religious if Jesus did this in the bible"
"Domo Arigato Leela Roboto"
"Mrs. Roboto"
"How I feel when I accidently llama the flag and the enemy doesn't chase me."
"Yo..."
"So my car caught on fire tonight  totaling it. When word got to my family  I got this in a text from my brother."
"When a Christian tries to join a conversation about a hot topic"
"I think a comma would help here"
"I Love You"
"He's right"
"Honest Ski Signs at Ski Resort"
"Smashing dance"
"My reaction to every single ME3 thread"
"A book? Psh....yeah right."
"Let us pause our war with the theists for a simple heart-warming comic."
"*wink*"
"You know something's wrong with you when you see the Flight Attendant suggest the seat next to yours to a person and the person responds like this (GIF):"
"When a friend said something about me  my mom didn't know."
"tray ninja"
"Instant karma payback"
"Well...That's what you get for being a douche."
"It's Friday... at 5 PM  this is how i'm going to walk out of the office."
"Fabulous!"
"Talk about bad luck"
"I believe this belongs here."
"Just a sleepy office-bunny"
"Cat started hacking this morning. I picked her up to move her to a &quot;safer&quot; place for her to hurl  and ended up like this."
"I knew there was something familiar about the end of The Dark Knight Rises (SPOILERS)"
"Kiss Me"
"Kiss Me (X-Post from /pics)"
"Saw this on FB. Your meme is bad and you should feel bad."
"Double offense - misuse and misdirection"
"Found this gem on facebook."
"Showed up on my Facebook feed. Though I hate cancer  there's so much wrong here."
"Found on FB  Yet another meme ruined..."
"When I notice the computer is free..."
"I'm going off the rails on a crazy train!"
"Underwater Sculpture Park (multiple images  from National Geographic)"
"Chicks dig beards"
"If this replaced that scene in Alien  maybe my girlfriend would watch it."
"Just chillin'"
"Shut up and take my money"
"This fucking guy."
"Good job!"
"Ceiling cat watches you demonstrate"
"Cute Kitty for a Little Pick Me Up"
"Just a ladybug"
"Ah  the good ol' days."
"Not really pretentious then..."
"This image speaks volumes."
"I better check it!"
"Googled &quot;Midget riding a T rex&quot;"
"Sniper Check."
"With this format  it doesn't matter what it says."
"That awkward moment."
"How to kill a Walrus"
"sounds legit ...."
"Day I found out that they're making a new Dumb &amp; Dumber"
"My face when an old fuck buddy calls me out of the blue."
"What it feels like to not have a job"
"Dafuq?!"
"EVERYONE!"
"My friend posted this to Facebook. Gotta love NY..."
"How it really happened..."
"The Brits  always interfering in American politics"
"You just couldn't stay away from a theatre  could you?"
"Darth and Yoda"
"Getaway driver"
"Proof that angry birds was a sick  twisted experiment."
"Dem eyelashes. O___&lt;"
"At least he's honest"
"Bet that one's not screaming..."
"pizza can save lives!"
"I can smell  hear and taste it from here"
"AYYYYY MACARENA"
"Tired baby do not want"
"My favourite scene from Borat"
"I have never wanted to swim more in my life.."
"Hey Arnold! was a great show..."
"Finding a job after being unemployed for so long."
"Michael Phelps loves winning!"
"Not having a girlfriend and seeing &quot;My girlfriend...&quot; posts"
"When Someone I Don't Like Says Something Funny"
"Just like mommy"
"MY hero"
"Why atheists have problems accepting the simple truth... I'll never know."
"Oh this looks tasty..."
"Puppy's first lemon"
"So happy"
"We otter be friends"
"Furry love...not what you think."
"I was worried."
"For my cake day I would like to remind reddit about the current bird arm situation over at r/birdswitharms"
"Just discovered the AJAJAJAJAJ Trick in RES  Thank me later every poster and commenter I visit today"
"Pac-man."
"When I make a great comeback!"
"Made me giggle"
"Super Simple Stuff"
"Doe in the water."
"r/politics and r/atheism in a nutshell"
"Every time I comment on Reddit..."
"Every time I comment on Reddit... (xpost r/gifs)"
"Whenever I'm late for work."
"That awkward moment when you Realize you have a disgusting problem and need to be burned at the stake."
"Saturn in front of the Sun [2766x1364]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia! [FIXED]"
"How I felt waking up today."
"Mitt Obama / Barack Romney"
"This gorgeous creature is not photoshopped. Its legs are naturally that hauntingly long. The Maned Wolf."
"Portrait of 3 Little Pig's Dad"
"Funny Hockey"
"Nice ass!"
"Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway"
"I don't always play video games..."
"Glaring"
"can a pic wizard gif me some help? how am i screwing up image quality?"
"When I open an NSFW link in class [SFW]"
"After clicking on a NSFL link..."
"Laughed a little too hard at this"
"Coolest kid ever."
"The Fast and The Furious: Polio Drift"
"reddit.com in a nutshell"
"Candidates Vermin Supreme and Randall Terry at a New Hampshire presidential debate... I'll let you guess which one is which"
"Fighter of the Night Man"
"Why can't I eat all these noodles?"
"What a drag"
"Stupid wings"
"Whose Line Is It Anyway?"
"Getting free stuff at conventions"
"I see what you did there"
"A friend forwarded this image from my old middle school in Texas"
"High five!"
"Pretty Good Logic..."
"Thats when it gets crazy"
"I ask myself this all the time"
"Is this real life?"
"I don't play TF2  however  this is the impression I get when my friends talk about it."
"I Googled &quot;most american picture ever&quot; and this came up. Fuck yeah."
"Why I love women's soccer."
"The truth about magazines."
"A Redditor's friend got kicked out of the honors program at his college. He sent this email to the professor a year later."
"[SHOPPED] If only.."
"Taylor Swift?! Well  This guy sure has a lot to gain if the Alabama vs. LSU game goes his way..."
"Synchronised IED"
"Banana Cat"
"When I saw RayWilliamJohnson's youtube was back"
"Found this in an unmarked folder on my computer. It needs to be shared."
"The Explosion! [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"He wasn't expecting that..."
"Got my first gun for my new career. Never owned one and was checking it out. Amazed"
"Zelda predicts it too! The Mayans were right! Ahhhhh!"
"There is no better time for a Majora's Mask reference than today."
"How I imagine accidentally being caught in a gay orgy would be like"
"Quit hitting yourself!"
"Well those things don't just drive themselves."
"Through the mouth of a whale.....whew!"
"Hey Purty Lady  Got milk?"
"Force Choke"
"Ownage..."
"What are you looking at?"
"Duct tape fixes everything..."
"Today is my last day of high school this is all i can think of since waking up"
"Woke up and realized that I will be leaving for college tomorrow  and thought of this."
"As predicted a year ago..."
"It's time..."
"I felt this was appropriate for today."
"Sunrise Reflected in a bubble"
"falling asleep in class"
"Poor little guy can't finish his paper!"
"How I feel when people start arguing about religion on Facebook"
"Dat Ass"
"With this tornado  I will rule the world"
"Article in Ugandan tabloids about homosexuals"
"Good poochie... oh what? Nope."
"My sister sent me this pug pic that I thought you guys might enjoy"
"Imma boop your head!"
"This made my day"
"Knock Knock"
"What I think every person in a business suit is thinking"
"I started my own candle company. This is how I felt when my local Piggly Wiggly ordered 72 of them."
"I bet you can't find me!"
"Traffic accident"
"Draw Something is spying on me..."
"Yea... the middle one isn't sure either"
"When my country wins another medal."
"COME AT ME BRO"
"Close enough."
"[HIFW] I try to ice skate"
"What I look like when I try to wear high heels."
"When I have realized I've upvoted a repost"
"When somebody reposts my image for 800+ karma 6 months later"
"MRW clearing recent history and logging into reddit to see all blue links I've already spent all morning reading"
"98 problems to go"
"Finding out that I have more karma than my son after only 9 days as a Redditor"
"Well that's much better"
"Why don't all plumbers do this?"
"Handmade boobie scarf"
"Can't.. Stop.. Staring.."
"well this consumed the first 10 minutes of work today..."
"My poor brain..."
"I don't know what to call this. Just.. Beautiful."
"Super Panda"
"Still the funniest thing I have seen on the internet (X-post from r/rimgoingtohellforthis)"
"I'm going to say I totally agree with this statement"
"What a beautiful disaster. [x-post from WTF]"
"My TEN favourite gifs ever"
"Ay dios mio..."
"Earth  Jupiter and Venus from the skyline of Mars"
"childhood.....not ruined at all?"
"By Far  the Best 16 Dollars I Have Ever Spent"
"Vladimir Putin like you've never seen him before"
"How I celebrate getting on the front page."
"Mind Level: Blown."
"Posted my dog on /r/aww on my cakeday = &lt;10 karma. Seeing everyone else get &gt;500+ for their cakeday posts..."
"The most menacing of sounds"
"What happens when I die?"
"Searched &quot;not a repost&quot; on google..."
"I'll beat you with your own pimp."
"I got this guys [gif]"
"Depth Perception FAIL [GIF]"
"This is how I look when I try anything athletic"
"1931 Burning cigarette dispenser"
"Gangnam Style Cappuccino [x-post from r/Korea]"
"Being Australian"
"Is it me?"
"Hello?"
"One whole day  in one photo.."
"Who ever invented this fuck you."
"How I feel going from /r/video to /r/funny"
"How I feel when I realize a funny post is a repost"
"Pencil lead sharpening skills"
"This must be the most Interesting Ginseng Plant In The World."
"This must be the most Interesting Ginseng Plant In The World."
"Most of us do it."
"I completely forgot horses can do that to you..."
"Burnie some one needs help!"
"Every year after I put the christmas tree away"
"As a straight female  this is how I feel after getting my wisdom teeth out."
"The internet should appreciate this"
"Best picture of a Llama surfing you will see all day."
"Ninety nine... One hundr-FUUU!"
"Photo-bomb: You're doing it wrong."
"Just a dog  swimming in a pool. loven life!"
"If I was a killer  I'd never let you go..."
"Nice tip  Fieldrunners."
"Monday  you say?"
"This pic made my day!!"
"When a someone else's single post gets more karma then I have total"
"looking back  their divorce should not have been a surprise to anyone."
"I'll have a bowl of soup please. A very large bowl."
"Take my hand"
"this picture is so america"
"When you see it..."
"The reason why most men go to the Gym"
"I am Jack's complete lack of surprise."
"I don't know how I've never seen this  but it looks to be right up reddit's alley."
"I give thee the God of reddit!"
"Rabbit ears"
"What would you do if you could stop time? [NSFW]"
"come over here and rest your butt"
"Google Kills Bambi"
"When I spend a lot of time eloquently writing and editing a comment that Reddit doesn't upvote."
"How I feel 99% of the time at my retail job"
"Some serious brain freeze"
"Cracks me up every time"
"Introduced boyfriend to reddit...first post gets front page"
"MISSIN FEESH!"
"Royalty"
"Brought to you from the current protests in Sydney  Australia."
"That's a chicken  not a pig"
"Abandon ship..!!!"
"The Duke of Edinburgh laughs as the Queen signs the visitor's book  and Michelle Obama is unfortunately positioned in front of a large plant"
"The Best Part."
"Premiering this month on the Food Network:"
"the truth about the slenderman"
"What happens when I play sports"
"Welcome to real life kid."
"You'd be hard pressed to find truer words."
"Was just browsing 10 month old imgur when... GabeN"
"Me when my girlfriend asked if I wanted to try the pineapple experiment"
"Submitting a post and coming back later when it has a lot of upvotes."
"training your child for SpaceMountain before he is born"
"Your safety is in good hands"
"Bizzaro does it again."
"Can he make it? Yes. He. Can!"
"My favourite 'Animorphs' book"
"Not a single fuck was given"
"When I'm sleeping over at a friends place and their parents start fighting during dinner"
"Report for booty"
"The African Flower Mantis"
"Angry noodle"
"Happy Falcons"
"Oh  hai..."
"Abracadabra (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Bunny Forcefield"
"What happens everytime I come home drunk"
"And she was being so cautious."
"Witness protection program."
"Simply Stunning"
"Apple Maps was right.."
"Ever wished you could fly?"
"My plans for after the finals"
"HH-222: The Waterfall Nebula (900×600)"
"Mine. (x post r/gifs)"
"Bullet Strike - High Speed Camera"
"Bullet hitting wall"
"Just a school of stingrays [Fixed]"
"Fetish or just plain WTF? [NSFW]"
"It's a good idea to make this my first post on Reddit [NSFW]"
"And that's why our IT manager got fired today."
"Pope Vader"
"I am your father"
"I don't even..."
"When my boss walks toward my cubicle..."
"Jingle Bells... Twilight Smells"
"Hillbilly [fixed]"
"Retards  we all know one"
"Oh  aren't they just so quaint!"
"Baby  what the fuck?"
"Just lazy."
"Oh no  it is alien all over again."
"Hundreds of Hell's Angels  Policemen  and Firemen stand guard at a funeral for one of the victims of the Newton Shooting. Westboro Baptist was quite surprised when they showed up."
"None of them"
"Of all the times to get into a fight..."
"Waldo - the later years"
"Destroying N64 Controllers since 1999"
"That's about right..."
"Sooo Fat guy and beer equals baby."
"Guile's Theme goes with everything! GO!"
"Who's awesome?"
"Road to paradise"
"Colorclash (Berlin paint war)"
"Anyone?"
"You can only push a girl so far...."
"How evolution should work"
"Now that's a brand you can trust!"
"Worthwhile pets for a redditor"
"Cat steals couch."
"Reddit heaven"
"Batman's parents"
"But officer  I have swag! You cant arrest me!"
"Universal  you have 3 years to film 16 sequels."
"My reason exactly"
"It does not fit into his ear..."
"That awkward moment"
"I saw this when I just downloaded a game for IPod..."
"Loading up an app I just downloaded when suddenly."
"Roller Skating while shopping"
"And that kids  is how I met your mother"
"&quot;Naysayers gonna naysay&quot; in a gif"
"How I feel when someone says something really stupid."
"Bridge out ahead"
"It's hard being a man extended version (x-post from r/4chan)"
"Wizard caught on tape"
"I think it's time to get a car wash"
"Wonder what was going on here?"
"This has to be reposted for the 4th time. [NSFW]"
"So i was reading the news today ...."
"?! nothing to add"
"True love does exist..."
"So in love..."
"Welcome to &quot;Dolly&quot;wood"
"What'd you say?"
"Libyan uprising"
"From my Facebook Feed: All Hail Lord Santans!"
"George Carlin on the wrong kind of pride"
"Dammit  Carl."
"Dammit Carl!"
"Hey Carl!"
"I can't be the only one who did this."
"So this looks unstable..."
"Covered with cock (safe for work)"
"My brother spent ages on this drawing. What do you think Reddit?"
"My 17 year old brother has a vivid imagination. This is one of his drawings."
"Ya! You better run!"
"Did the redditor leave yet?? [X-Post aww]"
"A WTF with a little explanation"
"Something great happened today..."
"The peaceful protest you won't hear about on the news - Kabul  Afghanistan."
"He's living my dream"
"I don't know how or where I found this  but it's easily the strangest picture on my phone"
"This showed up in my news feed this morning. Halloween in Texas... You're doing it right."
"Best group costume I've ever seen..I am a 90's kid"
"I think she's using this machine wrong."
"Just 'Ol Blue Eyes"
"So I googled SECOND greatest picture and its way more epic than number one"
"Reddit- I googled 'The best picture on the internet' and this is the first image that came up"
"Reddit- I googled 'The best picture on the internet' and this is the first image that came up"
"So it's almost 12 o'clock and I just realized that its my cakeday  so because I'm a hard working person here's what I had saved in my phone."
"What a shit cannon ball"
"Sometimes you really cant hold it"
"Shit jump"
"Googled &quot;weird&quot;  this was the first picture that came up."
"Will Ferrell's Cat"
"Evolution can be a right pain in the arse."
"A backyard home theater"
"Damn... SNES games were expensive."
"When you think you burned your tongue but didn't"
"I don't care what anybody says. This has been and will always be the most missed Hostess product."
"Watch what you call them"
"I can't even. This is not Atheism."
"Porn shoot photobombed by a duck."
"MFW I find my karma doubled overnight...because of penis cookies."
"God does not make the world this way"
"Globalization"
"In terms of awkward family photos  I think that this one takes the cake. Merry Xmas!"
"...and then story time got weird. (FIXED)"
"Don't worry Alyssa  we all are..."
"This unique geological sight is known as Danxia landform. The Danxia landform refers to various landscapes found in southeast and southwest China that “consist of a red bed characterized by steep cliffs”. [960x677]"
"My attempts at getting to the frontpage"
"Everytime i get an upvote!"
"Me on the front page reading a depressing post right after a really funny one"
"So I just saw the Octomom masturbation video."
"Sun bear is not a very photogenic animal ..."
"Just Van Damme dancing"
"Me and my friend trying to understand physics class"
"Aww  he thinks he's equestrians."
"When people post political rants to fb"
"Take this motherfucker !"
"Grains of sand under a microscope"
"Um  I don't wanna disturb..."
"Old man still doesn't give a fuck."
"nice kick............................"
"Just Adolf riding the rainbow."
"Hitler and rainbows."
"This is me after a few drinks"
"What it's like to be under 21 on the weekends"
"Yeah  that's what i meant Google"
"That's otterly cute!"
"Me  after being convinced it would be fun to go to a local gay club."
"Reading the POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS vs POTATO-IN-MY-ANUS argument"
"Millions of spiders climbed up into the trees."
"Millions of spiders climbed up into the trees. (YFW)"
"after a few more drinks Homer was on a Bender"
"Karmic Overload"
"Just 2 girls walking down the stairs  hypnotic...(maybe NSFW)"
"The other side of Hitler"
"Achievement Unlocked: Obtain a Wife"
"Staring down the Competition"
"Pure Joy"
"Floaters ... don't rub your eyes too hard! (xpost from r/pics) [gif]"
"Happy bday Steve Irwin  you crocodile hunter  you. We miss ya!"
"Evil Genius [Sierra] If you don't own this  do yourself a favour and do so."
"Every. Last. One."
"This made my day today"
"TIL the green vine snake does not look like a regular snake"
"So I decided to search &quot;mittler&quot; on google..."
"My precious!"
"Smile  it could be worse"
"How I feel when I see a sensationalist headline"
"Apex Predator"
"Catman Scoop"
"Probably my all-time favourite wallpaper and surely the most expressive one"
"Welp  see ya!"
"Level of Serious: Child punching"
"Business Cat."
"Obviously fake  but can't it be funny anyway?"
"The scariest thing I've ever seen"
"Why is this on my facebook feed???"
"Oh Ainsley..."
"Whenever I review my resume"
"Oh.... You got us.... We've just been joking.... (OP needs to learn how to science)"
"Dog  that is NOT how you use the stairs."
"Does anyone else want to touch that lil' belly?"
"why can't everything in life be this adorable!"
"Cats really don't give a shit"
"How my girlfriend must feel when she's trying to sleep and I want sex."
"Every Year..."
"My Axe!!"
"Tard gets the holiday spirit."
"Just an average night out in Belfast"
"Don't Do Drugs..."
"I was high on acid and started throwing my poo at people!"
"Don't take acid in Northern Ireland..."
"Put. It. Down."
"That'd be a Brady Bunch worth watching."
"Everyone seeing the Dark Knight Rises Midnight Screening"
"After logging in this morning"
"so my daughter tried soda looked liked she smoked weed"
"I have no words..."
"Mush!"
"James Bond doesn't subscribe to all this YOLO crap"
"Extreme Skiing"
"Reddit at it's core."
"Everyone Else's Reaction to Tommy Lee Jones' Reaction..."
"Oh  pardon me miss."
"Seconds later  Fluffy slaughtered the entire family in a moment of temporary insanity"
"Eminem  is that you?"
"Don't worry honey  I got this."
"Her other half"
"Life Goals"
"Lab Breeds"
"Who cares about YOLO?"
"I cant even...wut"
"Centipedes? In *my* vagina?"
"Everyday after school  I'd make a point to talk to the janitor before I left. When I graduated  he gave the best gift I've ever gotten. &quot;This is for being my friend &quot; he said."
"Holding in a crap you really have to take"
"Oh  the tickles...I can't bear it!"
"What the fuck did I just see NSFW"
"The evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Looper"
"The internet during April Fools..."
"Phelps domination since day 1"
"he just takes the sugar"
"Soon..."
"When you see it"
"Laser Guided Dog"
"Wut."
"The actual story behind The Scream"
"Meanwhile  on the Internet"
"This post is Not safe for Farm Animals"
"Sea horses"
"Sad dragon {x-post from /r/pics}"
"I fucking love jam"
"Mine too!"
"My friend finally made it to the front page"
"What my wife thinks I do when she isn't around to kill spiders. She is pretty close...."
"We have all seen the sneezing panda video. This is in my opinion the best .gif of it."
"An Unlikely Friendship."
"Stratofortress"
"[pic] The Difference Between Canada And The Us"
"Annnnnd...that's enough internet for today."
"It looks like the llama is doing all the work"
"Jupiter sure is beautiful."
"The Great Red Spot - storm on Jupiter  ~300 years old and the size of 3 earths"
"gymnastics good"
"Ran into this fucker this morning..."
"There is no words"
"This is the final countdown!"
"Today was my first day at my new job at Zales Jewelers! This is how I felt when I made my first sale."
"how i feel upvoting in r/gonewild"
"The Translucent Jewel Caterpillar"
"My reaction whenever I go to poop at work and only the middle stall is open"
"Whenever I see a whenever I see post"
"went to take my dog for a walk and bumped into two people having sex on a car"
"Now that's a ad that should work"
"Funeral Service Ad in a Subway [600x450]"
"And yet  I still do it."
"i hope this will never happen to me again"
"accidentally going to /r/politics"
"The most relevant .gif of the past weeks"
"Romney does know how to dance."
"When i text a girl and she doesn't reply"
"The Gay Test"
"Casey Jones"
"This is how I feel when people talk to me while I'm gaming."
"Horse Breeding. Your Doing it Wrong!"
"F*ck the police  Literally."
"Remember D-Day."
"Bad Idea..."
"Avengers Style!"
"Just noticed its my cake day  I've been saving this one for a while."
"Move  bitch"
"I imagine this wouldn't be so family-friendly"
"How to blow coke like a champ"
"I just found this insane picture of John Lennon snorting coke"
"How does this even happen?(Perhaps nsfw)"
"I see your frozen Canadian horses and give you a partly decomposed frozen elk"
"Pretty much my take on life"
"What God has joined together  let no man separate."
"How I feel about being a pre-med after taking the MCAT"
"How I feel after being guilted into running a 10k..."
"come at me bro"
"So hail me perhaps?"
"smell like ass"
"Why so curious? [fixed]"
"Random batfact"
"If you lined up all my attempts to get to the front page  they would look like this."
"If you lined up all my attempts to get to the front page  they would look like this."
"Google+"
"The Shadow Art of Kumi Yamashita"
"I don't have an iPod."
"Fuck ipods"
"This  would freak me OUT. Why would this be a good idea?"
"Ending an argument... (feat. Asian Clay Davis)"
"meh"
"Ooh  give me a HUG!"
"In the mid-90's my high school math teacher asked me  &quot;we learn math because...who's going to carry a calculator on them at all times?&quot;"
"How I feel when I run."
"Masturbatorium Level"
"I wish I could say &quot;this is photoshopped&quot;"
"YouTube delivers again (X-post from r/youtubecomments)"
"wat."
"Seems you guys like Mark Twain  here's another gem"
"I can do this  i can do this ..."
"Last summer I taking a picture of a Google Maps Tricycle in Croatia. Turned out it was actually taking a picture of me"
"Last summer I took a picture of a Google Maps tricycle in Croatia. Turns out it was actually taking a picture of me"
"A great picture of Romney and what he stands for"
"It's my last day at my shitty restaurant job. This is exactly how I feel!"
"Jesus take the wheel"
"Don't lay a finger on my Butterfinger"
"How the Oxford Comma Changed History"
"How I feel about the frontpage all week long."
"The nascent furball"
"What I imagine the guys that post to Craigslist's 'missed connections' are like."
"US and Mexico Border"
"How most Redditors probably think the universe was created"
"As requested"
"Happy to be coming home - even if it is sub-coach class on the flight."
"Cutie"
"Remember  remember  the 5th of November"
"That's clean water"
"Oh  Taco Bell. Why you so cheesy?"
"Bertrand Russell tells it like a boss"
"Rare artifact from the 16th century"
"How I feel when I failed exams but I know I will pass the year anyways."
"Saw this on Facebook and had a good chuckle."
"Featuring your mom"
"When I see a post I downvoted on /new on the front page"
"Approved. &lt;lick&gt;"
"If I fits  I sits (xpost from r/gifs.)"
"When you realize your friend's girlfriend submitted to gonewild"
"Circle of Sparks"
"Got a new computer at work. It has no blocks and is not monitored."
"Christian Bale"
"That's the spirit !"
"The only way to play Dark Souls [gif]"
"Welp  guess I'm not sleeping tonight... or ever again"
"There's always an idiot in every group."
"Veggie Dogs? Hmm. That looks..."
"Map of U.S. tornado tracks from the last half century"
"56 years of tornado tracks across the U.S."
"Classiest background I have"
"The original  and much more bad ass  poncho wearer."
"30 apples lighting up one lamp"
"&quot;I will suck it.&quot;"
"Shark Week starts tonight!"
"Every iPhone user tonight..."
"I now want to be a Chem teacher..."
"Photographer Yu Wu took this incredible close-up of a small ant biting a branch whilst holding up a rock. - Ants are capable of not only lifting  but carrying up to fifty times their own body weight!"
"Can you hear me now!!"
"Archery with Link and Raven"
"Still gets me every time."
"I won't have my daughter bringing a black man into this house..."
"A consequence of war"
"still makes me giggle..."
"still makes me giggle..."
"Magikarp"
"Bike race"
"Last year my old middle school did Harry Potter. This year they did Star Wars."
"Then and Now"
"The original Red Box."
"Say hello to his little friend"
"Mr. Snuggles says we can trust you."
"woke up and all my links were still purple"
"Chipmunk hiding from Kitty"
"The waiting game... (x-post from aww)"
"Ten points for Gryffindor"
"The Art of Tongue"
"Slit tongue."
"When I come home from a long day at work."
"Found this weeks ago and thought it'd be appropriate. Here's to you  Hitch"
"You quit?"
"This Almost Doesn't Look Real"
"rice fields in china"
"You think just because you're the son of god I won't do it? Try me!"
"Knight of the Dark"
"Yeah  looking to party. ."
"I can only pet him for about 5 minutes then we both need naps."
"What actually happened in North Korea"
"North Korean rocket launch.. a success!"
"North Korea wants to launch nuclear missiles at the US"
"Bieber Fever (nsfw)"
"Baby alpaca"
"Flying over London"
"The day the world legalizes Marijuana"
"When I only study for fifteen minutes and think I’ll do fine on an important test"
"Tears Of Impotent Rage"
"&quot;Tell your wife that she looks pretty  even if she looks like a truck.&quot;"
"I discovered reddit and This is what I found...."
"Nobody ever does  do they?"
"Just a pondering puffin"
"Magic Whale"
"So it would seem trees are evolving."
"What kind of sorcery is this!?"
"Greek police thwarted Santa Claus who was attempting to blockade parliament."
"The Athenians were in absolutely no mood for his methods a second time."
"Certainty."
"Magdeburg water bridge"
"Whenever I see someone using Bing on a TV show I think of this."
"I didn't know my school graduated Sith Lords..."
"I would hit that"
"Since everyone is posting weird pictures of Nicholas Cage  here is the one I found. He truly has the best of both worlds"
"Hannick Montana"
"This is the face I have to look at when I go to work (FIXED)"
"Zombie proof &amp; flood proof"
"I'll be trying this almost daily"
"Spider buries itself"
"Every time. [FIXED]"
"Every Friday Morning"
"Carlton Banks loves The Ghost Inside- it's crazy how in time this is"
"That's not right."
"That isn't how you high five someone..."
"Maybe Broccoli doesn't like you either."
"A comparison of huge video game map sizes. I had no idea The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall's map size was this huge."
"Every time I get too drunk."
"Snow weasel"
"This. I live in Chicago and I want to do this."
"(sfw) karma whoregy"
"Oh the irony of it all"
"Inspirational."
"B O S H C E P T I O N"
"I locked myself out again..."
"Taking a sip"
"seems legit"
"The Dolomites  a section of the Alps in Northeastern Italy. [1024x1024]"
"THESE THINGS. FUCK. EVERYTHING. ABOUT. THESE. THINGS"
"Zero clucks given."
"Found in a Walmart parking lot."
"It's not only the speech bubble"
"This happens every semester..."
"Yummy"
"Going on first vacation in many years  this is what I look like to people when I look at the attractions."
"…for a splashier mountain experience"
"weeeee!!!"
"All hail to the nom nom!"
"If overattached gf was a puppy..."
"As a math student  this made me laugh quite a bit(X-post from r/calvinandhobbes)"
"It's my cake day  so here is a chick and her pussy."
"Pull over. NOW."
"Can't....stop....watching...."
"Dead Flower"
"I heard you like cats"
"&quot;Right here guys. Let's do it.&quot;"
"Walking an alligator  c. 1960."
"I work for a CNC milling manufacturer. Today I had to test a plasma cutting machine. I made this! (Skyrim in Steel) [fixed] - Imgur"
"Me when i click and it isn't safe"
"Just makes you feel good"
"What I send to my friends when they brag about their karma"
"Cell phone in a microwave. That's right  science."
"She got them moves."
"I am sure this has been posted before  but it is the most hilarious gif I ever saw."
"Ten years old today"
"I am to blame. I shot a rocket back (X-post r/pics)"
"I am to blame. I shot a rocket back"
"This shit sucks. I fought with my ex wife about this shit. She didn't get it. (keywords: Ex.)"
"The BEST of the Disturbing school mascot"
"Oh right... Humans not food"
"Classy Chameleon"
"Too much soda"
"I don't always break my finger  but when I do  it's Damien Walters style."
"I don't always break my finger  but when I do  it's by trying to copy Damien Walters..."
"Atleast he's got a sense of humour."
"Meth: Not Even Once"
"Not even once.."
"Jim &quot;Gotye&quot; Lehrer"
"Just chillin'."
"This is going in my classroom."
"lol worst tattoo ever"
"How reddit feels on cake days."
"The early-90's in one picture."
"The fight to survive in the wild"
"I've never seen this episode"
"must be the west side of sesame street"
"He makes me feel a little sad"
"Did they fix the Minecraft graphics?"
"Fapping to the 90's [FIXED] [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Oh allergies"
"A little cold and cross-eyed"
"What doesn't kill you  makes you stronger!"
"How rats get ripped"
"Heston Blumenthal's head does not stack well. (Cross-Post from /r/unitedkingdom)"
"Three Dee"
"How do you draw a 3D picture?"
"Jewel Monster mind-trippy..."
"Trippy"
"The surgeons had more skill but the physicians had more fun"
"My favorite Calvin and Hobbes picture"
"The Ying and the Yang of World Hunger"
"Welcome to Spain!"
"Wake Up"
"and that’s how he ended up livin on the street."
"Sorry aww  but this look way to funny"
"LOOK AT THIS !!!!!!!!!"
"My own and I am sure lots of other people reaction to the new iPhone."
"I stumbled upon this evil prank on instagram"
"So I went to the dentist today and saw this hanging in the office"
"Dont talk while he drives"
"It's like a basking shark eating a crocodile..."
"Penguin slide"
"Falcon Punch..?"
"Tyrion Lannister has always been a cool bastard. (gif)"
"Frodo dancing in the street with a dog."
"Hello  my name is..."
"Breaking bad/Pulp Fiction mashup"
"This happens way too often"
"I see your Australian Monopoly and raise you Scottish Monopoly"
"An Amazon River Tributary [1600x1200]"
"In bed at 3am on Monday realizing i forgot to do my homework"
"When I finally realized that most men refer to toilet paper as shit paper because they only use it for shits."
"Was looking everywhere...when I looked under the sofa....."
"So  Earth just got back from the doctor."
"DuDum DuDum ... Attack!"
"Tough choice?"
"Hey boyz  looking for this.. ??"
"Toasting knife. (cross toast from r/pics)"
"Cute overload"
"Bunny in a cup"
"Bunny in a cup"
"My buddy was going through some photos and found this on my hard drive..."
"Not even going to try"
"I'd hate to pay the $200.00"
"The day we became men!"
"What it feels like to have a mustache:"
"how i felt after realizing that i could start growing facial hair"
"Every Time I Go To A Midnight Game Release"
"How I always feel after messaging my crush on facebook...."
"telling your girlfriend of three months that last year you fucked your best female friend"
"DoG laughing Babay......"
"Dog the Emperor"
"Otters are awesome!"
"What did he just say?"
"when my friends stay the night and i tell them &quot;wake and bake.&quot;"
"Marilyn Monroe  epic photobomb"
"This is the weirdest thing to ever pop up on my news feed."
"Oh Shit-"
"Some people prefer to just wear feet"
"When I get to browse Reddit at work"
"Mac users this weekend with Black Messa out."
"We run this shit"
"We Run This Shit"
"We run this shit"
"Say hello to this little guy"
"What is this sorcery?"
"How I feel about all the fake web crap on April Fools."
"Oh Bill!"
"Radiation poising?"
"Its all a matter of perspective"
"When I found out cake day karma wasn't guaranteed"
"So proud of you Tyrone ;_;"
"How I learned about AdBlock Plus"
"This gentleman whipped out his dong at a feminist pride walk. (SFW)"
"Rescue winner"
"The solution to oversleeping"
"Gimme a sec  i just have to fight this boss."
"Bosses."
"Gaming In The Workplace"
"Curious otter  that look of betrayal!"
"Roses are..."
"Valentines day to a dog"
"Aren't They Cute"
"Where i do most of my posts."
"Behold. The door to the front page."
"In honor of our K9 friends on Memorial Day {pic}"
"Nasa"
"How I felt downvoting the quickmeme translator to 0."
"You lucky bastard."
"What it do? It's ya boy Mitt!"
"Wat. [pic]"
"Wat."
"Trying to see out the airplane window from the aisle seat [gif]"
"Move Over!!"
"Dewdrop dragonfly"
"Hello neighbor. Your soul is mine."
"Why? (pic)"
"Colonel Meow [That was an easy repost - still had the tab open]"
"A source of national pride"
"Jay Bruce gives up on the play"
"Jay Bruce gives up on the play"
"Upside down world map = mindfuck!"
"It will kill your family."
"TO THE FRONT PAGE!...nope. TOO THE FRONT PAGE!...nope."
"Not sure to put this in Guitar or WTF! Girl Guitar"
"Gif ALL THE CELEBRITIES!"
"The Ideal Government"
"She really is the Queen of merchandising - I can't believe this is a thing..."
"Truly terrible amateur tattoo artist  this guy needs to stop"
"Insecure footballer"
"Still lose it every time I see this...so close"
":D"
"My comments on Reddit."
"Saw this on FB  picard on prime directive"
"Before I discovered the Internet. [Fixed]"
"I enjoy messing with my single atheist friends."
"Anti-gravity dog"
"Hello there !"
"Let me tilt my head for a better view"
"I have no idea.."
"I wanted food...."
"How'd you do on your final?"
"Why this is not closing....!!OH SHIT!!"
"Tower Level: Asian"
"Euclids on the block got a bunch of hits."
"Now THIS I need!"
"What ya gonna do"
"Horses"
"How I feel when I'm running away from a bad guy in a dream."
"Hardest game I ever played."
"I got mail delivery failure"
"cat and baby"
"I'm all for this kind of dog fight"
"This is not the greatest gif in the world. this is just a tribute."
"This pic shows that cats are best friend of kids.."
"Since I have joined Reddit  I've made it all the way around the sun. This is how I feel."
"So much awesome in one gif (xpost /r/trees)"
"Someone please put this on a tee shirt..."
"How I felt as a geeky white man last night at a rap concert!"
"Whenever I try to talk to black kids at school."
"Met a Redditor in real life. This is how I opened."
"Walken on sunshine."
"Preemptive Vader..."
"An intelligent athlete avoids useless efforts"
"I see you."
"Hello there."
"To the frontpage!"
"Guaranteed sex (x-post r/pics) [1800x900]"
"B...but pirates need love to "
"The greatest picture ever taken  notice the comet in between the lightning and the fireworks."
"Most awesome baby and worst parents of the year award goes to..."
"Not shopped: Buddhist monks during a lantern lighting ceremony to celebrate Makha Bucha day - Bangkok"
"Baby Stingray with legs."
"I silently snickered for five whole minutes."
"A bit out of hand."
"Creation of the MGM Logo"
"Hairless Bear  or Hugh Jackman?"
"I see you forgot your coat."
"I saw this at my local Taco Bell and just had to take a picture of it."
"The origins of the universe"
"Aaaaand nobody gives a fuck"
"Welcome to the Internet"
"How I feel showing my friends reddit"
"If they're watermarking this  the pretty soon 9gag will be saying they invented the internet."
"Pun overload!"
"I need to get me one of these"
"Owlectomies"
"How does this work??"
"A Definition of &quot;Proud&quot; - English Made Funny"
"Oh shit  my bad"
"Both reactions get me..."
"Umm.. Excuse me?"
"Ain't nothin' but a G thang  baby"
"The first day of October for some reditors [nsfw]"
"Can someone make this into a rage face? Seems like it would fit nicely in lots of stories"
"Just James Bond playing Nintendo DS"
"We are Gods porn."
"How to keep an idiot busy."
"(Titel not loading)"
"She is very protective of her ducklings."
"When a cute girl mentions her boyfriend to me..."
"total dirty truth"
"Last Christmas I gave you my heart..."
"Giant Ice Marbles (how-to + source in comments)"
"Well  Siri... that makes two of us."
"Finally found a friend.."
"Hey DC  MD  and VA. Do you remember where you were when the quake happened a year ago today?"
"1 year ago today  the East Coast of the United States was hit by a massive earthquake"
"I cant stop watching this"
"Most disturbing gif I've seen in some time."
"DINNERTIME [NSFW]"
"Dinner bells."
"DINNERTIME!!!"
"Well  no sleep tonight."
"Oh yes."
"Cannot unsee"
"Different fonts of Ariel"
"&quot;AWWW&quot; OVERLOAD!!"
"Better apply some aloe to that burn"
"Pelvic Thrust"
"When i say ''Hi'' to my crush and she replies with ''Heyy''"
"Genghis Khan=virility!!"
"Gimme Fue Gimme Fai"
"Thimbaaaaaa.."
"I wouldn't go swimming if I were you..."
"Speaking of Dread Locks. At what point do you say it's time to cut this shit off."
"What I did to my Game Boy after I'd thrown the pokeball"
"No fap September... Ha"
"You'll need to wear a diaper for this one"
"Brazil now has the biggest water slide in the world at 135 feet; people reach speeds of 65 mph"
"Does this give anyone else the willies?"
"Helen Keller"
"I know what I'm doing for Halloween THIS year!"
"Every time!"
"They're rats with wings"
"Don't you do that turkey....."
"Every damn time"
"This Club Can't Even Handle Me Right Now."
"How I feel after I got over 1600 link karma in less than a day"
"I feel so evil right now. Took 3-4hrs to complete in brutal."
"The only time I need to be alone Wilson"
"let's call Metal Goat  and see if he wants to go see some Metal."
"Your whistle is awesome!"
"How I Feel on Fridays"
"The resemblance is strong"
"Happy Holidays"
"The best gif mankind has ever created."
"How I feel having just surpassed the milestone of 10 link Karma."
"Not sure what's going on here"
"Umm we were kind of busy"
"Cocaine... So much cocaine"
"Distance from the Earth to the Moon."
"Traffic lights at a [6]."
"Just noticed how cool the Android alarm clock app looks."
"No matter how long the Slinky is  the bottom will hover."
"Happy 75th  Jim. We still miss you."
"What is this  I don't even (NSFW)"
"Incredible photo of the Japanese army during the floods"
"Just when I thought I was out.. They pull me back in"
"in times like these  VIVA LA RESOLUTON!"
"Viva la"
"nom nom nom"
"I forgot my phone at home today... This sums it up perfectly"
"Elephant on a trampoline"
"Doesn't matter  had sex"
"if we fits  we swing"
"is more &quot;aww&quot; possible?"
"Genki Sudo Headbob"
"how my room is when i drop a clear colored drawing pin or thumbtack on the floor"
"Only in Australia..."
"I know the tap water in Adelaide is bad  but...(ex-r/Australia)"
"When my 6th grade teacher told us we would be penalized."
"When my daughter asks to go in a rollercoaster with her. (I've got acrophobia)"
"My wonderful and loving dad &quot;liked&quot; Paul Ryan on fb..."
"I see what you did there..."
"Queen Elizabeth II  firing an assault rifle"
"dafuq did i just see"
"Cops in Norway"
"Meanwhile in Norway"
"Trying to deal with chipper coworkers on a Monday morning"
"The definition of &quot;trouble&quot;"
"Stay Classy."
"Christian Confirmation Bias"
"one of my favorite things about atheism is that its free."
"Totally the way I explain it to my family"
"There was an easier solution all along."
"Do what you love..."
"Friend took this picture. I think he would fit in well here."
"I have never seen a better way to sell pizza. I would buy it on principle alone."
"PIZZA PIZZA PIE [xpost r/gifsound]"
"Drive safely"
"One letter can make a difference."
"Why not take a break?"
"So  Stan Lee maybe."
"Touchdown!"
"Officials"
"Feelin' lucky"
"Always In Memory"
"brd"
"Someone else must feel this way when trying to watch anything by Tyler Perry [Fixed]"
"If done correctly the desired effect is Amazing"
"Uh...Fun for the whole family?"
"I wonder..."
"Same Name"
"Right in the childhood"
"Livin' the dream"
"When ever I go to /r/nosleep..."
"Seymour takes the rap again."
"Well that escilated quickly"
"Old but still funny  and very true. [asaekkiga]"
"It's almost Thanksgiving here in the US  I think I'll try frying my turkey this year."
"Is hollywood experimenting with genetics?."
"Long Exposure of a Lighthouse"
"So THAT'S why it too so long for my package to arrive..."
"This is probably my favourite photo on the Internet."
"Badass Taxidermy"
"Pretty sure that fish had a seizure..."
"Half-beast  half-machine"
"The happiest dog I have ever seen."
"Kids these days."
"Some days"
"Squirtle Style"
"My friends dog takes HOLY shits."
"This is a cat."
"Malaysian Spiderman saves everyone"
"Spiderman saving the day"
"This Is How Spiderman Gets out of Bed Every morning"
"Well Reddit  you've finally stolen my soul for 1 year. Fuck it  my favorite picture yet. (CAKE DAY)"
"Snooki PUNCH!"
"Anyone esle watch asdf movie?"
"[GIF] pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew"
"Everytime I see &quot;[1] New Mail&quot;"
"For me?? You're too kind."
"Can I help you?"
"Is it me you're looking for?"
"Happy Birthday you magnificent man."
"Happy 70th birthday  Bob and thank you for brightening my days as a kid"
"What? I mean Just how old is she?"
"These child pageants have gone too far."
"Suddenly stepping on multiple legos that my son left around the house."
"This is what happens if you dont chew your food  and if your food happens to be a lot of gummy worms."
"Better than a ticket I guess"
"polar bear attack"
"Wouldn't be a bad zombie fortress"
"Om nom nom nom nom!"
"The tables have turned; say cheese."
"We're done here  have a great day!"
"Banksy."
"Photographers circling a plume of smoke from the Grimsvotn Volcano  Southeast Iceland"
"Pepe le Pew is real!!"
"A Pair of Great Tits"
"THEY SAID I COULD BE ANYTHING...."
"What If....."
"What if he's right"
"That must be the reason!"
"After seeing several pictures of beautiful girls kissing in front of anti-gay marriage protestors  this came to mind..."
"Crows"
"Attempted Murder!"
"how i see redditors in a party"
"Your last meal..."
"Yellow ribbon to show support."
"I prayed for a sequel to this as a child …"
"WTF! but why??"
"Scruffy get back here"
"A blatant repost of one of the funniest pictures I've seen"
"I love sarcasm."
"Rolston Rye Salutes: Brilliance"
"Hello.... !!!!"
"This will fuck with your mind at first..."
"Taylor Lautner"
"Why does a capacitor block DC?"
"Hey!!! What are you doing..."
"=)"
"When the sun smiles  the birds smile back!"
"Smiley sunset"
"Gingerbread crack house."
"Karl  Stahp."
"You knew it was coming"
"How I feel almost every day."
"Didn't even recognize him for a second."
"You are flawless and I love you"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"My wife sent this to me last night."
"First post"
"What my girlfriend wears when she is on her period."
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"I need a pillow."
"lol thats now on my list of things to do XD"
"ONE CAT. ONE DREAM. ONE DESTINY"
"I bet he sniffed his fingers after"
"He just is"
"When I become a parent I'm stealing this idea"
"You'll never know"
"you will never know!"
"The Rocky series took a strange turn with number 6"
"Cat tunnel sofa"
"iOS6 Maps is great! Here  have some old school maps."
"Laughed when i saw this"
"coolest guy ever!"
"Hungry Hungry Koopas"
"Scumbag Friends"
"Scumbag Reddit Atheist"
"I think this applies to every team based game in existence"
"Lava Fall  Hawaii"
"Just a simple search request."
"Can't believe this happened yesterday."
"How I browse /r/new"
"can I borrow those for a second?"
"Where is the damn camera on this thing?!"
"When you mix beer with politics..."
"The God of Thunder"
"From the bowels of the Earth"
"So majestic"
"Higher State of Consciousness"
"Mom  I think I'm getting a little to old for this..."
"Better answer than 3."
"WTF is this?"
"When I don't know what the fuck is happening"
"Soon..."
"More More!"
"I wonder how many Canadians are around..."
"scandalized eagle is scandalized."
"Olympic divers mid-dive"
"Wallpapers! Mostly geeky/nerdy stuff nothing too artsy. [xpost/pics]"
"Oh yeah  this gif just makes me happy"
"Bitch  I'm fabulous."
"How i felt when i went to catch Kyurem with my late 40's team"
"Toto."
"I could watch this show alllll dayyy looong."
"New Star Wars action figures"
"The awkward Finnish ice hockey handshake"
"Growing a new thumb? [NSFW/L] [Surgery Aftermath]"
"Best. Costume. Design. Ever."
"Best costume design ever"
"Bohemian Catsody"
"I love you this much"
"I'd prefer not to be on a plane from the 60's"
"How I feel about the family coming to stay all next week for Thanksgiving."
"When a program compiles and runs on the first build..."
"How the dinosaurs became extinct"
"What newer computers are missing... [FIXED]"
"Not my link  But this Imgur is how I feel"
"Awesome Graffiti"
"psycho cow"
"I spent the better part of my night trying to come up with a title for this picture. (xpost r/MorbidReality)"
"The dance that goes with any music goes to Moscow"
"If it takes forever..."
"My mom just gave me 50 dollars...for origin......"
"BARREL ROLL!(xpost from r/funny)"
"'nuff said."
"No donuts for Reddit..."
"Nobody said Turtles fight fair. NSFM(not safe for men) O.O"
"Ouch!!!!"
"01 Call Missed"
"...and you thought Welsh Lady Ass Fudge was bad."
"Whenever I accidentally stand on a snail"
"When the first votes are downvotes on a link i thought Reddit would enjoy"
"For the past 6 years  a German Shephard named Capitán has slept next to the grave of his owner every night at 6pm"
"I AM LEG"
"The first thing I would do if I had a Portal gun [FIXED]"
"Sums-up tumblr pretty well"
"#2 - The Double Tap"
"Toy Yoda"
"What's on reddit today?"
"I wonder what's on reddit today..."
"I understand..."
"Starting young..."
"After seeing the IKEA monkey..."
"After Watching &quot;The Hobbit&quot; (Fixed)"
"Drum Solo"
"Inside a Wave"
"I feel bad for laughing (xpost)"
"At least put some simcity 3000 under it"
"As a university student surrounded by self-righteous twats..."
"Sometimes when I've had a bad day I'll watch this for a while..."
"Jesus the Superhero"
"It's growing [GIF] (x-post from /r/pokemon)"
"PIZZA CONES!"
"It's my Reddit B-day and this is the best pic I could think of posting."
"The right reaction?"
"Get your hands off me!"
"Wall Cat"
"Fields of Lavender in Provence  France [1002x674]"
"kitty gone postal"
"For anyone having a bad day...take this in."
"Coexist. A special image that will most likely not be seen by many due to the mainstream medias alternate motives."
"Atheists are just too damn adorable..."
"Welcome to the upvote island."
"jam"
"Happens way to often"
"Of all the times to get into a fight..."
"This guy was arrested in the middle of a haircut."
"White people."
"Dolphin pod in the surf"
"I googled evil dog smile..."
"Before &amp; After (Shanghai in 20 yrs - 1990 vs 2010)"
"On Fridays  we DISCO"
"Please take me home"
"He gets a bit clingy at the vet..."
"Dog was happy to picked up at his new cleaner"
"Canadian Football Halftime (xpost r/Canada)"
"They have this put up all around my school."
"The only gif that can make me laugh"
"The Champ still has it"
"GODDAMN NASA!"
"If you ever come across a Facebook fight  just use this link."
"Away!"
"Do you? Really?"
"I may be a little too excited about cakeday karma."
"Isn't she so smart"
"Go be bear somewhere else!"
"GIF Sound - Ting A - Get Low"
"That's right  sweetheart"
"Dreams and goals"
"Goddamnit kitten you're not a fish...get out of that bowl."
"Old timer getting his point across."
"Fuck The Cops"
"Best parent award goes to snooki"
"these creatures shouldnt ever reproduce"
"As a car engineer is this pretty much the way I work"
"After marathoning through a TV series in a few days and realizing you now have to wait a WEEK between each new episode."
"Just a little dolphin"
"From the r/Baltimore local meetup pictures...NSFW"
"9:03 AM"
"9:03 AM"
"9:03 am"
"Gets me everytime."
"boom."
"Bikini Atoll Nuclear detonation."
"Overly Manly Chicks"
"Onion chopping  in the NYC subway =("
"Well that's just unpleasant"
"Little Husky"
"I'm not fat...."
"As a star trek fan  im learning new things everyday."
"Finally  an incredibly creative and original tourist picture from Pisa"
"I always wished someone made this image  so I did. Definitely forgot a few  but these are the biggies."
"Sewing machine"
"So brave."
"Nah son  free pie."
"Cutest cup holder ever."
"Suddenly  Ironman."
"when I go to submit a TIL link but it's already been submitted"
"Christianity in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"The greatest athlete of my generation"
"Signal problems?"
"Google glasses"
"Sky Diver - Northamptonshire  England"
"So I'm driving to work and..."
"The Credible Hulk... you wouldn't like me when I'm angry"
"Cat Logic"
"Seats taken.."
"aww  maybe it doesn't say it  but it loves you too bro"
"&quot;aaaaw it feels sooo good&quot;"
"Alright I got this... ohhhhhhFUCKSHIT!!"
"A Muslim man wrote a local ice cream company asking a question. This is the reply he received."
"Guangxi Province  China [1800x1199]"
"Scooby Don't"
"Face Keyboard Smash"
"Crybaby Muhammad"
"So Happy"
"Good morning! Let's see how my recent posts are doing..."
"Pool With A View"
"Is Reddit happy that Santorum dropped out?"
"Super Mario Money."
"Drop it  Drop it lo.. Oh sh*t!"
"curiosity"
"the stupidity is astounding"
"One of my favorite images in honor of cakeday celebration."
"Younger brother: &quot;What's that game I watched you play as a kid where you found the parts for the vehicles?&quot;"
"Best I can do is a finger"
"Soon......"
"This is what happens when I bing 'cute things' for my cake day..."
"Ice cave Near the Mutnovsky volcano in Russia"
"Arch Enemies"
"Arch Enemies"
"An Iraqi child  drawing airplanes that are dropping bombs  with a marker taped to his amputated arm"
"equality in a nutshell (x-post from imgoingtohellforthis)"
"Chill cops (;"
"How I feel administrating my server with kids..."
"Vice President Biden and a Young Supporter"
"I'll just leave this here"
"To celebrate my cake day  here's a whole bunch of PUPPIES!"
"Ah that is too good to be true"
"When I realized reddit would be down for most of my cakeday..."
"surrounded by chicks"
"Still  after 100's of wallpapers  this is my favorite [1680x1050]"
"Small collection of wallpapers if you want some"
"The Terminator...?"
"Emma Stone's little black dress"
"Emma Stone"
"I didn't see you there..."
"Every r/politics submission  without fail..."
"Disney buy starwars"
"It's super effective!"
"sometimes you just feel like dancing"
"Good boy"
"got this from facebook"
"2 Deer tryna be all human n stuff"
"Still the best Christmas picture Ive ever seen."
"Seasons Greetings!"
"Season's greetings!"
"Suddenly  cat."
"Village Judgement [NSFL]"
"I was 9 years old when this game came out  and I remember countless hours with my dad doing nothing but playing it over and over"
"Super Duper"
"Soon..."
"The whole family"
"There are people in the world who have brilliant ideas that lead to new discoveries... and then there are people who aren't as fortunate..."
"Niggers have no respect"
"A monk praying for a man who died suddenly while waiting for a train in China"
"The truth about the Captain America's shield"
"Picture of a majestic  one eyed lion"
"Perspectives: Look at all of them"
"An Interesting Shift in Perspective"
"Werewolf."
"Got Milk?"
"I don't even know..."
"&quot;What the fuck are you looking at&quot;"
"Spongebob  WHY?!"
"My Neighbor Jake"
"someone made a really cool .gif of the painting."
"Admit it its true"
"How I felt after deleting the &quot;School&quot; tab on my browser after 7 years of college..."
"How I felt after deleting the &quot;School&quot; tab on my browser after 7 years of college..."
"House by the Water"
"A hole in one"
"Discovered huge butt plugs the other day in an adult store  I had no idea why anyone would need them that big. But then I discovered this and now it all makes sense. (NSFW)"
"Lag"
"Lag"
"Need to find me a lady who is down for this"
"My reaction to finding out the 10K road race I signed up for is tomorrow. Haven't exactly been preparing..."
"PTSD Dog's flashbacks get intense."
"He saw some shit in 'Nam"
"Whenever I remember the fact I've seen two girls one cup."
"The result of horse incest [fixed]"
"Fake (but awesome)"
"As the semester comes closer to an end..."
"Whenever I hear a song that I thought was awesome when I was in middle school...(FIXED)"
"Baby Great Crested Tern in Sri Lanka"
"200-lb Octopus Cake"
"My super hero power"
"How to win an argument"
"Beard Slap"
"I would buy many of these."
"Just an Octopus"
"A wise man said..."
"Since we're posting what hooked us to Reddit..."
"It's Something About Those Eyes..."
"Look at this guy!"
"Perfect Photobomb"
"Does anyone find themselves going into a trance on /r/WTF and then waking up 15 pages later unsure of where they are?"
"Surprise...........BOOOOOOOOOM!"
"Don't fear the reaper."
"Every single time i try to turn a massage into sexy time..."
"Cat giving another cat a massage..."
"Kitty giving a massage.. that is all."
"This post is literally shit!"
"I just gave this to my doctor"
"Funniest subreddit I've found in along time: /r/coffeewithjesus - here's a sample."
"Jesus on Writing Bible Stories"
"When I see a post with 100+ upvotes and 0 comments..."
"Checking back throughout the day as your post snowballs to more and more karma"
"Whale whale whale"
"When I &quot;die&quot; I won't be going to Heaven  I might even still be alive  just in a less orderly fashion..."
"Everyone on Google Today....."
"pug and a frisbee"
"Propane Time"
"My reaction when I went to a BBQ yesterday and noticed I'm the only carnivore and they're only bbqing vegetables and sojaburgers"
"You COULD have a Galaxy Note  or you could have a..."
"The most North Korean picture ever"
"This post just says it all.."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Heres some slight dark humor"
"Odd one out"
"This is the first time I saw an albino turtle!"
"My insecurities about college summed up by Daria."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Dear cancer."
"How many months are in a month?"
"Decoding texts."
"Lumberjacks hobby?"
"siberian bear hunting armor"
"What is going on in there?"
"This lil guy."
"Reddit needs some more red pandas"
"iPope Location Services - OFF! (xpost from r/funny)"
"First physics lesson"
"Desperate girls at the club.."
"Someone decipher the context"
"That poor dog..."
"Forever adog.."
"Noah's Ark: the great influence"
"Whenever I see a stranger smoking trees in public"
"When I see Reddit on someone's screen at work..."
"My reaction when my annoying roommate declared he's leaving for the summer."
"IN THE FACE!!!(fixed)"
"This is what I get when I Google &quot;door jack.&quot;"
"Taking pics is serious business"
"Le. (NSFW)"
"Mom catches me fapping! (NSFW)"
"Googled &quot;Fuck Everything&quot; this is the first result."
"Me after trying to change my tire for an hour..."
"Are they happy or upset?"
"Haters gonna........hate."
"Woody"
"omg the car is running"
"To my frients of /trees!"
"Tried to find a job in California for 3 years  with no results. Left everything behind and moved to Fargo  ND 2 weeks ago. Just got hired today."
"Burn!"
"I have attached a picture of a dragon I just drew for you."
"Wind Tunnel Test of a Messerschmitt 109."
"BF-109 wind tunnel test  Berlin  ca.1934 [1440 × 1088]"
"Don't Pick on Him"
"What posting in /r/lifehack feels like"
"how I feel now I have some free time and my friends are working..."
"Sometimes no votes are worse than downvotes  This is how it makes me feel."
"The Truth Hurts [PIC]"
"Oh Stephen Colbert... (x-post from r/funny)"
"mass effect"
"I am gonna jump"
"Clint Eastwood and Paul Newman"
"Found this gem of a wallpaper recently  thought /r/atheism might enjoy."
"Ants drinking colored water"
"The next  next logical progression..."
"He looks good on everyone."
"On a scale from one to reddit..."
"Cat sex"
"Gaffigan and Gaffigan fans on &quot;Religious Nutjobs&quot;"
"Party hard Pelican"
"Waking up to more karma than yesterday"
"There are weird stock photos  and then there is this stock photo..."
"So That's How it Happened..."
"Sesame Street Origins: Oscar The Grouch"
"After a long night of drinking and brushing my teeth twice this morning  I show up to my job and greet my coworkers...."
"Once..."
"MFW some toilet water slashes on my face when plunging"
"Black licorice: fuck you"
"Perhaps the best way to say it...so follow them now!"
"Shay Laren Sliding into tight jeans"
"When you show up at a boring party."
"Me when I turned 21 and my mom told me I was not allowed to drink  this is how I looked as I walked out the house"
"Me after seeing the front page entirely covered with terrible memes"
"Close enough"
"positive thinking"
"It's not delivery  It's Davinci"
"The best movie quote."
"How I Know Creationism is Bullshit [Fixed]"
"Always creeped me out"
"Can Dobby have some chicken?"
"Feed the house elves!"
"Hello friend"
"My face when I realized the person way too close to me in the grocery line was actually a pretty girl."
"My face when I realize my wife is &quot;in the mood&quot;"
"The Wii is so hardcore!!"
"How I feel browsing R/WTF....and yet I keep coming back"
"&quot;It's breathtaking to consider...&quot; [x-post from r/ QuotesPorn]"
"It was him! He turned into a goat!"
"The lawn and the short of it  in The Walking Dead."
"Oh God  yes please!"
"Bane can dance if he wants to"
"Bane is faded"
"Gina Carano"
"Oh ok.."
"Lava Tube Cave  Lava Beds National Monument  Tulelake  California"
"Life can find a way to grow in the most unexpected places"
"If you do it like that then yo... told you."
"that recoil"
"Can anybody else hear the thud?"
"As a Chinese guy in China who can't speak Chinese  this is my reaction when I see a foreigner"
"It's ok because its been a year  right?"
"How you know you've been working your job for too long"
"I've started referring to myself as an &quot;agnostic atheist&quot; rather than just an atheist both because it IS what I technically am  (see handy attached chart) and theists don't have as many preconceived prejudices against it for some reason."
"Really..."
"Best Fleshlight Ever?"
"This pretty much sums up what it's like playing my Mom in Mortal Kombat"
"Chillin...Like a boss."
"Instant 6-pack"
"I am really unsure on how this happened. No scream or anything. I just walk into my room to find her hanging there unable to get herself down. So naturally  I took a picture. - Imgur"
"Jerry must love his job."
"Albino Zebra &quot;Golden Zebra&quot;"
"Look at all the fucks I give"
"That little round headed kid"
"Thug lyfe."
"Didn't buy any candy for the kids this year"
"If you mute it..."
"NANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANA"
"Piglet!"
"Australian army vehicle disappears"
"That must be damn good camo..."
"That was a very well laid out  rational point"
"New York in 137 years"
"MOUSTACHA"
"The best kind of gentleman"
"Anyone else remembers this?"
"First Step Out of Bed This Morning"
"When absolutely nothing goes right"
"Shit could be worse"
"Oscar's realization"
"I go where I please"
"Recently moved in with a buddy who also turns out to be a Redditor. This is how I envision us living together"
"Insert birthday cake"
"In honor of my cakeday  please enjoy this cat."
"I found this on a Christian friend's Facebook. Glad to see he has a sense of humor."
"Does it smell fresh in here or is it just me?"
"When you see it...Brix will be shat"
"Pretty much sums it up as well"
"Back to school UK kit"
"Back to school shopping. Kids these days have all the fun"
"A friend posted this on Facebook. Essential for every student heading back to school!"
"Shut your whore mouth Shannon..."
"To those who go on about their freakin' child on facebook every 5 seconds and those who go on about what they've done at the gym.."
"this made my day"
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"Reality! Is for losers who don't .... [800x1101]"
"All the karma!"
"Tahitian Perfection"
"I want to play a game.."
"SO DRAMATIC."
"Sun Rays through a Wave"
"Wait What? what did i just Read .___."
"I see what you did there.."
"really cannot handle this cuteness!"
"NSFW alleged Miley Cyrus nude. Reddit i need your help! Real or Fake?"
"16 facts about sleep."
"Jazzgasm wallpaper 1900x1080 (made this from post in /r/music )"
"War"
"Mother!"
"Playing it cool"
"I'm Dancing!"
"Bitches love sax"
"This is called the asshole slice in the biz"
"I can see videos of decapitations  gore and autopsies calmly. But this... This shit right here... Is just fucked up. [NSFL]"
"How to drive a perfectionist crazy"
"Just played Slender for the first time.."
"Just a baby turtle."
"I can't tell what most disturbing"
"I can't tell what's most disturbing"
"When drunken pics of friends make it to Facebook."
"When I'm the only one to buy myself a gift for my birthday."
"Laziness: Level 79"
"America is so lazy"
"there I fixed it"
"If SOPA passes  Bender has a plan!"
"What a good father. Wait. Future father."
"This man has some balls"
"Dont fuck with this man."
"Finally figured out who Shitty_Watercolour is!"
"One of many"
"Making christmas sweaters cool  bitches"
"Jack’s OCD was entering its terminal phase…"
"Space Shuttle Endeavour docked at the ISS above New Zealand's South Island [3032 x 1895]"
"This is a photograph  not a painting."
"Warning: crab crossing"
"Red crabs climb over an overpass to cross a road on Christmas Island during their migration."
"First you go 'aaw' then you laugh your ass off."
"Pillow: 1 Cat: 0"
"3am and kitty doesn't want to sleep?"
"Meanwhile in a parallel universe."
"How to turn a number 1 into a number 2."
"Surprise Motherfucka!"
"Thai handicraft... Carved from a single piece of wood"
"Boo!"
"Awesome squirrel"
"Puppy"
"Whenever I hear the term swag I think of this and things aren't so bad anymore"
"Rabbit happily munching on his greens"
"Im doing it"
"Real TMNT"
"Business Penguin!"
"not now  i must get to work"
"I Must Go.."
"I saw this in r/harrypotter. I think that asoiaf readers can relate better"
"Welcome to the Internet"
"Forward  Percival! Together we shall conquer this land of Intra-net"
"Fuck the system."
"Oh  nothing. Just the cutest baby horse on a bucket you ever will see."
"Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting..."
"So....you double dare me  huh?"
"Batman can't stop the beat!"
"PINKY! PIIIINKYYYY!"
"Teddy Roosevelt's diary entry from the day his wife Alice died of kidney failure. He never spoke publicly about her again."
"Drugs"
"He's in your head"
"This IS Minecraft! [1920x1080] X-post from r/gaming"
"This photo remains the most wtf thing I've ever seen. I just want to know what's happening."
"Party on."
"Classic WTF"
"What kind of cat is this?"
"The sexiest picture of arguably the sexiest woman of all time."
"Expansion of the Mongol Empire...the largest contiguous land empire in human history."
"Don't fuck with the Duck"
"Don't quite remember this game.."
"Enjoying the moment"
"???? - Profit!"
"Wish I had one!"
"Hello."
"Last of the Unicorns"
"Just another mashup"
"How I feel when my posts are down-voted to Hades"
"MFW I'm in public and a couple starts fighting"
"A brief history of Nintendo Controllers"
"Hasn't quite grown into cute yet"
"He got it right"
"I would love to see the view from the top of this Mt."
"Put it in Reverse!"
"Boom Headshot (x-post from r/Soccer)"
"The truth"
"How the fuck this happened?"
"The American Dream"
"HOLD ON"
"Girl hold up!"
"Slender Mans retarded cousin"
"You know she is craving for it (NSFW)"
"Laugh to straight-face"
"Dicks are funny"
"Boys only"
"&quot;You're shakin' it all wrong!&quot; &quot;But shakin' it's all I know!&quot;"
"I regret my choice..."
"Online Gaming First World Problems"
"A bubble of air inside of droplet of water in space [702x467]"
"Ask my BF for a present  this is what he got me."
"Antigravity!"
"Of course! It's all so clear now!"
"Not Bad Tennis Match"
"If Fox News had existed throughout history"
"Tom Hardy and JGL [xpost r/tomhardy]"
"how to train your dog"
"that awkward moment when a seahorse gives birth.."
"How I feel everytime I see a post from someone bragging about his country winning a gold medal at the Olympics."
"pee dream"
"Twilight on a Thigh"
"O.G. Kenobi"
"Just got my first post with a 100+ upvotes yesterday. How I'm feeling today"
"When you're walking down the street on a hot day and your balls keep sticking to your thigh. (Guy Problems)"
"After a 3 martini lunch"
"do it slowly!"
"Look at that ass"
"Taste the Rainbow Mother Fucker!"
"I think this belongs here"
"Real G  baby"
"2030 GOP presidential nominee"
"Eggs in the morning."
"The Grand Lightning Show at the Grand Canyon"
"My favorite Calvin and Hobbes comic."
"scorpions....."
"I guess Easter came early for this guy"
"After I do well on an exam"
"I wonder if anyone else thought to do this."
"Because fuck reading"
"Aww yeah"
"Louis CK: Comedian  Masturbator"
"How did I ever get through childhood without realising this was available?!"
"Can Disney please bring this back  now that it owns Star Wars?"
"22ft Crocodile killed in Zimbabwe"
"Jaws mashup"
"Message Received"
"how i feel when my friends are behind me in a fight"
"Picture of a mother cat tenderly rubbing noses with her baby kitten"
"Friendly Easter PSA. Jesus Was Not A Zombie."
"Found on Facebook thought it deserved better."
"Remember today  that Jesus was in fact not a zombie..."
"Hey Reddit  Did you know Thor has a sister...her name is Whor"
"Even if you hate it  you gotta be impressed. . . I found this on Fail Blog  but this is clearly a &quot;win&quot;!"
"Oh.. It's still Thursday..."
"Still have lots of work to do?"
"How sensible me feels today."
"How I Feel Today."
"Cutest bunny ever"
"Cute level 99!"
"The true meaning of Christmas"
"Gorge Road BMX Jump Park"
"Silly dog  you're drunk"
"&quot;I better not see this shit on Reddit.&quot; Any other thoughts on what was going thru this guy's head?"
"His face makes it"
"So long  and thanks for all the AOW FUCK!!!"
"Why not ZOIDBERG!?!"
"Parenting Level: Indian"
"I got your nose!"
"STFU!"
"Drunk and hungry tonight  luck decides to show up at the best possible moment that it could have"
"Seinfeld black and white cookie"
"I fucking love sweeping!"
"you gotta finish your vegetables"
"When people say &quot;YOLO&quot; i have the urge to do this!"
"This picture of Lincoln colorized gives me a new view of one of our greatest presidents"
"Abraham Lincoln. Colorized."
"Las Vegas suburb"
"Great Condom Ad (NSFLish?)"
"I'm never having kids."
"How I feel about Communtiy coming back tonight"
"Thought this seemed relevant"
"Trolling like a boss"
"Hand-sized baby sloth  anyone?"
"I'm in ur chair  warmin my eggs (nsfw: cat genitals)"
"Catching some rays"
"This is what it feels like to make it to the front page."
"If these existed I would definitely order pizza more often."
"I wish I was Batman!"
"Repost (repost?)"
"soup for sluts"
"Birds are assholes."
"Hellooooo  Seychelles"
"Seychelles  Africa [1800 x 1096]"
"When a girl I liked used #YOLO..."
"How I Feel Getting Friend-Zoned After a Few Dates by a Redditor I met on Match. (Obviously non-OC"
"You promised not to tell."
"Like a Boss"
"Like a Boss"
"Double front somersault layout with a triple twist and........."
"An interesting view of death."
"I don't even know how to title this. Breath taking?"
"Ouch!"
"The picture that gave birth to this subreddit. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Sorry  I had to do it."
"Just as loveable."
"Oh really?"
"Board game or not  this game still kicked ass"
"How I feel arguing something I don't believe in."
"Could you do me a favor?"
"Cats /gonewild"
"Easy Inverse Weave Tutorial!"
"On Fridays."
"WTF happened here Patrick!?!"
"How I felt watching last nights breaking bad episode"
"/r/ass wrapped up into one .gif"
"Realizing you just created a repost."
"Welcome to the Internet. I'll be your guide."
"Every time someone compliments me in person."
"Every time someone compliments me"
"How Mr Miagi Partied after Daniel-son won the tournament"
"Am I doing this right?"
"Trying to go up to the bathroom in the middle of the night"
"Found this while recycling my old newspapers. Apparently  not a single fuck was given that day."
"Statue located in France created by Bruno Catalano"
"Close up of an army ant biting a finger"
"Real Ewok"
"BURRRRRRNNNNN!!!!!"
"Awesome fountain"
"Beer ads.."
"Okay.gif"
"I GOT THIS..I GOT THIS...OH SHI-"
"Reddit's relationship with reposts"
"I don't think this is how you play beirut."
"Never Obsolete"
"Stunning picture of Mount Everest"
"Wait  what?"
"Our hero"
"The bus knight"
"The Bus Knight"
"Meanwhile in Denmark"
"Wold smallest man dancing with his cat"
"Lavafall at night - Iceland"
"I've never used more than a cell phone camera until last night. I took this with a used $130 Fujifilm Finepix S4200."
"There's no crying over..."
"There's no crying over..."
"High five!"
"....And you will know my name is Lord Vader!  When I lay my vengeance upon thee."
"How a dog shows love"
"So  this is how the earth looks from my &quot;space&quot;!!!"
"starry dark knight."
"Fast food"
"Meanwhile in Germany..."
"Get off Reddit and wuv me!"
"This frog is awesome"
"Very clever  Batman."
"WTF Ren"
"My Othello outline for English Class"
"How to brush like a man"
"This amazing creature really exists; Glaucus Atlanticus."
"I don't have a cat  just my favorite picture from the last 4 years."
"Hi. I'm eight and a half inches"
"When my family hears my mum say &quot;Dinner is ready!&quot;"
"My journey to the front page"
"Mods are asleep: Post third-world anrcists!"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Guess I'll just take a pee.. NOPE.NOPE.NOPENOPE"
"Putting on underwear that's fresh out of the dryer."
"Robert Downey Jr. Enough said."
"When I try to get something important done..."
"Just like Reddit"
"Tron girls"
"Pink Floyd."
"Yep  going to hell..."
"remains of the first politician"
"Ghetto Metal Pipe Fight"
"High kick Pow!"
"Ghetto wars"
"Hey Baby  why are you sad ??"
"awesome venn diagram"
"How to be a turn on and a turn off at the same time SFW"
"How I feel when my toddler visits his grandparents and my wife and I have a weekend planned"
"The onion never disappoints."
"Soonely..."
"Canadian Lynx (FIXED)"
"Is it just me or does the Canadian Lynx look really disproportionate?"
"Cuddle time"
"PITA in a nutshell..."
"Courtesy of Neil deGrasse Tyson: What the dinosaurs ignored."
"Respect your body because  it's pretty darn amazing"
"this is how i feel trying to go to bed after redditing"
"This wood looks terrified [x-post from r/trees]"
"Got a bit drunk and decided to recreate the Stingray pic with my girlfriends..."
"Canberra Elite Taxis fails again"
"NZ radio host on gay marriage."
"Baby panda"
"Save to friend's background and enjoy."
"Bad Ass High Heels..."
"Woman claims watching 3D film made her pregnant"
"Woman claims watching 3D film made her pregnant"
"stick to your story lady  stick to your story."
"So I was browsing rooms to share on craigslist  when found this as an image attachment"
"It's hot in Seville."
"Saving his Cat from choking on a mouse  this man contracted Bubonic Plague.."
"when my family try to sing happy birthday on my real-life cake day"
"Only in Canada."
"Nobody knows you're a dog."
"Good to see you"
"Figured you guys would enjoy this. Tarantino vs Coen."
"Had a dream involving pokemon"
"Hurricane Sandy..."
"What I want for Christmas"
"What happens whenever an attractive woman makes an online dating profile..."
"Homework"
"What Pope Benedict thinks of it all."
"When I discover the roommates ate all my peanut butter"
"When i tried that expired peanut butter.."
"Chicago Skyline (X/Post from Funny Guess this belongs here)"
"Time for bed!"
"&quot;Then we will see who is worthless&quot;"
"New Pokemon Drinking Game!!"
"Pokemon Drinking Game - Corrected Version"
"Cats. Not even once."
"Cats Love It!"
"US Elections are coming up. So we might as well have some fun. Remember  there are no sides in the wars of photoshops."
"How I Feel When Your Dog is Cuter Than Mine"
"The first picture i found online that made a little wee come out. Remember this?"
"You mean to tell me"
"Gay.Love."
"GANGNAM STYLE"
"The mere fact that you call it that..."
"pygmy marmoset"
"Once I have deposited my pay check at the end of the month...."
"At first I was like..."
"Hey sup? Just chin'chillin'..."
"I regret nothing!"
"I'm definitely going to hell for this one..."
"Now what?"
"Only in Australia."
"Why you shouldn't drive people around in the tray of your truck."
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"I see your gifs of you trying to reach the front page  and raise you my even more hopeless attempts at reaching it."
"Legends"
"There  good as new!"
"When my first ever post got downvoted"
"I ordered a pizza with the instructions  &quot;do something I can put on reddit&quot;  my result"
"STILL"
"Romney Style"
"Right brain  left brain"
"Easy like finding your pocket"
"Star Wars Episode Meow: The Empire Strikes Cat"
"That's good advice"
"He Doesn't Already Know"
"My Biggest Problem That Christians Call Me Out On."
"Happening right now"
"FWP shoes"
"At the buffet."
"I Love Big Bird"
"[NSFW] Awesome Hair Band"
"My mom tries so hard  gotta love that"
"dalmation in sunlight"
"It works!"
"Somebody buying lobsters and steaks with food stamps."
"All my life"
"Some testicular fortitude."
"Big Balls"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  the King and Queen of Sweden!"
"When worlds collide: Slender Man meets the Enderman (x-post from r/Minecraft)"
"Over 8 million rolled  dude..."
"How I feel having my ex-girlfriend's facebook password"
"impressive"
"Da holy Fuq ??"
"Hurricanrana"
"if you drive like this  fuck you"
"Hey Buddy "
"My mother  to this day..."
"So true."
"Buy One  Get One [gif]"
"Lemongrab running through time and space"
"i am pleased"
"How I spent the past year"
"Finally got free from that damn call center job"
"Harder  Better  Faster  Stronger"
"How not to cut a tree down"
"OP having fun as a child"
"Nope  guess I was wrong."
"GQ's knockout of the year 2011. (I can't argue)"
"A wild function appears."
"feels like it was meant to be  really"
"Hide and seek."
"IT WAS YOU"
"Why we never went back to the zoo"
"Crocodile surfer"
"Hand made giraffe"
"My Mum took this photo of the plane she was about to board."
"Seems like every time I party with a chimp  this shit happens"
"What's the matter party ape? You all partied out?"
"Seems legit."
"2 More than I could do."
"Ball!"
"Oldie but Goodie."
"Because fuck Feminine Equality??"
"The Ultimate Upvote gif"
"How I feel with my cake day being tomorrow"
"Back from vacation"
"Unicorns have miraculous healing powers."
"How I imagine people who let their dog shit in the middle of the sidewalk"
"Who didn't do that?"
"How I'm feeling today"
"werk it"
"Come at me Bro"
"Happy Hamster"
"My parents are embarrassing..."
"When I refresh reddit and I gained karma"
"There is no school like the old school."
"You weren't there  man"
"Dammit Jerry."
"I know that feel bro"
"I Didn't Know Skyrim Was That Old  dafuq?"
"My ritual in the restroom before every presentation..."
"90's kids know."
"what's the difference?"
"Surreal arctic landscape. Those are trees covered in snow  the pinkish streak in the sky is the Belt of Venus."
"I hate when someone... (I swear I didn't rig it)"
"I wouldn't be smiling either..."
"Parents can be cruel sometimes in naming their child"
"Best Use of Mac Genie Effect. EVER."
"Your Mom"
"Taxiderpy"
"Taxiderpy"
"The UW band director catching a field goal like a boss"
"So I was browing /r/tradingfaces and this appeared. High Octane Nightmare Fuel."
"Resistance is futile"
"The Cost to Fund SETI for one year..."
"Spoil dad this father's day"
"Oh Sir Lancelot... You so silly!"
"Everytime I'm supposed to do homework and I accidentally open reddit"
"So... How much money do you make while Pooping at work?"
"TADA!"
"Wait for it...wait for it..."
"How to make a truck magically disappear."
"OMG OMG OMG Bubbles"
"Pure Joy [gif]"
"I'm fairly new with only 3 months into Reddit. With it being down yesterday  this is how I felt."
"Some men.."
"NASA space shuttle Atlantis"
"Mother of God - xpost r/pics"
"WTF Discovery?"
"Shark antimagnet"
"bad day relief"
"This made me laugh way more than it should have."
"Giraffe 2.0"
"Our universe versus. parallel universe."
"Camera shutter synced with helicopter blades"
"I Z what you did there"
"Realized this when I got out of the shower"
"Donald stares into your soul"
"Fuck yea. Nonstop Action."
"Origami for beginners [FIXED]"
"Sums up every youtube comment"
"Inception BJ"
"Piano building"
"The AquaDom in Berlin  Germany [1600 x 1064]"
"Looks kind of like Rapture from Bioshock (x-post from r/scuba)"
"MGM Kitty"
"Really Bud Light???"
"Searched Django Reinhardt and this popped up."
"So. You want traditional marriage like the marriages in The Bible you say?"
"You've done a lot of things to me  but this is your worst. Get me the fuck out of this shit."
"This popped up on my newsfeed"
"I finally has cheeseburger"
"Why can't I ever find a girl like Barbie?"
"Cat always has to be the center of attention"
"Little funny death comic."
"Sand Carrier"
"Soul crushing cuteness!"
"Monster Stache"
"Seeing someone elses gf on r/gonewild"
"&quot;Oh  I know it's true because the Bible says so.&quot;"
"When I'm at work and realize I forgot to put deodorant on this morning"
"My reaction when I hear Snooki's baby and I have the same birthday."
"Can't think of a clever title but this reminds me of many downvote posts."
"Hottest WTF ever! [NSFW]"
"just a wolf jumping over a fence"
"Stayin' Alive Slinky"
"Strolling Down The Slope"
"How I would sound"
"Every time I submit to reddit"
"Cakeday and not a single idea for submission..."
"every celebrity: I was bullied in high school"
"Do you have any fantasies?"
"Look at this stupid flarehead over here"
"Herman Cain: One evil motherfucker"
"Closed"
"Who likes tiny palm-sized baby Pandas?"
"They never listen..."
"Is.. is that a CUPCAKE?!"
"Invisible motorcycle"
"Jesus take the wheel!"
"How I feel when something I downvoted makes it to the front page"
"Virgin level: Cubmaster"
"Bill Watterson  creator of Calvin and Hobbes  turns 54 today... Happy birthday you glorious bastard!"
"Office Pranks for Scientists [GIF]"
"Show me your war face"
"What it feels like when I talk to a girl."
"When I think I have won an argument but apparently &quot;It's not over&quot;"
"This is the start to a bad day."
"South Park Family Portrait"
"Yep I'm definitely going to hell for laughing so hard at this."
"Could only think of this while suffering through Easter mass with my mother."
"Praise for Tina Fey"
"My  what big teeth you have."
"My  what big teeth you have."
"No one like this cat.."
"Ugly pulli  check. Rapist glasses  check. &quot;Reading&quot; material  ..."
"After visiting 9gag and 4chan for the first time..."
"Bring on the pain"
"BRING ON THE PAIN!!!"
"Get down girl"
"on a clear day  you can cycle forever..."
"r/gonewild - the early years"
"When I'm losing an argument."
"Bane Reddit"
"The only thing to make Grumpy Cat crack a smile"
"tiger made of zip cords. (x-post /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Siri  why do you do this to me?"
"Actually  Siri doesn't have the best jokes"
"Siri  you little minx. - Imgur"
"Siri...what"
"Siri: not always helpful"
"That's going to hurt"
"Historically Hardcore: Teddy"
"This is why I like teddy Roosevelt better than 50 cent"
"Give Dog a Beer"
"Okay fine  you go"
"How I feel when everything I submit gets downvoted to oblivion"
"The Rock smuggles guns onto Splash Mountain in Disney."
"Every time someone starts an interesting story"
"To all my fellow redditors who went and saw TDKR and had to get up for work early this morning..."
"MFW I'm Jaqen H'ghar"
"My new boss' reaction when I let slip that I'm a redditor..."
"I'm on a fast track to hell. I'm in tears laughing while I do it."
"Genius!"
"Masonic Tool Chest"
"Hai Reddit  do you like my hat?"
"This is really disturbing"
"Kipping Squat"
"dog getting trolled"
"Gonna get it !"
"Hold Me Back!"
"True words indeed"
"Fucking lag..."
"Me gustaaaa!"
"Finding a fountain in the jungle"
"If only using my Game Genie had been this epic."
"I love me some Dickerdoodles!"
"Photobomb Level: Cat Porn"
"Superman wants that Peacock"
"When I saw that the U.S. now has more medals than China"
"Not sure if trip wire  or if dog just effed up."
"I...I don't think this needs a caption."
"The hero reddit deserves"
"When I finally work up the courage to talk to a hot girl"
"Someone please explain this...."
"Not sure if its fry.. or I'm really drunk"
"I wonder..."
"Me too Spiderman  me too."
"What an excellent day for an exorcism."
"Suddenly kinda terrifying."
"I have concluded that names_irrelevant and phrakture are to blame for the name 'Silvy' sticking; this is my biannual 'Fuck you' (Gif somewhat relevant)"
"My response to these people and their pizza boxes"
"Twins!"
"It keeps happening (x post from r/funny)"
"It's my ball... mine."
"First wet dream in years"
"When I found out my parents didn't get me any presents this year"
"I was a late bloomer and this is what I looked like when I noticed some girls had more arm hair than me"
"Graffiti"
"Scholar Gangsters"
"As an IT Professional... This guy is my IDOL!"
"Don't make me choose"
"How I spend my day when I make a successful yet slow-burning post."
"Seeing people headed to the beach during my morning commute."
"Would not recommend."
"We've all been there"
"YEs"
"Me  when I learned POLITE_ALL_CAPS_GUY was andrewsmith1986 [FIXED]"
"How I Feel About &quot;How I Feel About...&quot; Posts"
"How I feel about all of the Halloween costume posts..."
"Hey reddit  say hi to Lala  we found her buried in a dumpster  took her in and now she's on top of the World!"
"What the hell kind of parent milks their baby!"
"Save the Bacon....."
"Its simple science really ..."
"I saw this on the &quot;Jesus loves you&quot; facebook page."
"How I feel the morning after my paycheck gets direct deposited."
"Manhattan Bridge under construction  circa 1909 [2958x1782]"
"Back in school  when I was a kid  /THIS/ was the game"
"By far THE best educational game"
"How to disable a woman"
"Cast Away: Deleted Scenes [FIXED]"
"Row in Peace Gramps"
"&quot;Penguins adrift on iceberg during a heavy snow storm in Antarctica.&quot; Photographer: Joshua Holko"
"Poor batman"
"Baby Picard"
"Zebra VS Girl"
"This is how I like to roll on the subway (NSFW)"
"Hipsters...they do the darndest things"
"Very tempting"
"How to break bad news to your parents..."
"Air horn prank"
"College in a nutshell"
"Lie to me pinocchio..."
"Cheaper option."
"I wonder what this sign means"
"Don't worry about me  Get the car!"
"Boop!"
"Gravity King"
"I feel bad for the kitten"
"Indecisiveness (x-post from r/comics)"
"#1 WTF Comic Champion since 2001"
"fuckkkk..."
"Law of the Wild."
"The C Word"
"1) Cut a hole in the box"
"The Godfather of First World Problems"
"Diabeetus"
"Santa... [x-post from /r/hockey]"
"Best. Number plate. Ever."
"Waiting in line for TDKR and hearing people coming out of the session before me talking about it"
"No kitty this is my potpie!!!"
"How I feel every morning..."
"Shawshank Omelette"
"Perhaps one of the greatest pictures I have ever seen"
"Human head cut in half  still alive. [NSFW - NSFL] [gore]"
"An extremely rare rainbow-colored pileus iridescent cloud over Ethiopia"
"Allright!"
"The guy who comes up with the headlines must have been off today..."
"Making a difference in the world!"
"Call the cops  I don't give a fuck"
"This goat will not conform."
"The truth about Instagram"
"It's always phunny in silladelphia. (x-post from /r/IASIP)"
"Do you know how to make these?"
"God knows..."
"When I saw the AJAJAJAJ  and tried ZJZJZJZJ instead (with Reddit Enhancement Suite)"
"A different angle on Obama being lifted. The facial expression of the guy on the right is priceless."
"He can dance"
"Modest Book Collection"
"People Who Shouldn't RAP"
"Oh whose line"
"So...this guy lost his arm in a shark attack..."
"The best way to spend your morning commute"
"Bill Nye taught me science as a kid. But I fell in love with classic literature because of this little guy."
"Decisions  decisions."
"scum bag english"
"Ghoti = Fish... Seems legit."
"We'll head out Californee Way and ... see what we can find. (xpost r/wtf)"
"fatty makes a mess"
"Scrolling fb newsfeed when suddenly.... R-MONEY"
"Richie Rich Records presents.."
"Oww My Childhood"
"agreed"
"Fuck da police."
"These pictures always crack me up."
"Fuck off Jesus Get your own heroin"
"The Good Guys"
"I said no peeking! nooooooooooooooooo peeking!"
"Oh hai!"
"It had to be done (fixed)[fixed]"
"Sigh  I wish this wasn't so true for me"
"Redditor hijacks plane  holds pilot at knife point and forces passengers into the cargo to quench his thirst for that decadent  airborne karma"
"WHY?"
"Opposite Day!"
"Race you home?"
"Every time I see someone get lots of karma for reposting the Colin Mochrie gif"
"Are humans allowed here?"
"On the prowl. All of my wants."
"He must like bacon..."
"found your chair."
"The Grim needs grooming too"
"Clifford?"
"BananaMan - Japanese Style"
"Bananaman"
"Japan makes me want to buy bananas"
"Apparently this is how Bananas are made"
"Snake bus - nice work!"
"Heath Ledger as the Joker skate boarding over Christian Bale as Batman while they take a break on the set of The Dark Knight."
"Heath Ledger as Joker skateboards over Batman while taking a break during filming"
"The Joker kickflipping over Batman"
"Heath Ledger as the Joker skate boarding over Christian Bale as Batman while they take a break on the set of The Dark Knight."
"This always happens after my first UPVOTE"
"Whenever I see a &quot;Like if your from Reddit&quot; Youtube comment."
"How I feel after I prove an argument winning point"
"All aboard the kitten sleeping train!"
"My first attempt at a meme.. has anyone seen this before? Upvote it you drunk fucks  upvote it."
"So a hurricane is hitting Florida tomorrow and schools are shutdown. One of my co-workers asked our boss if we have to work tomorrow."
"All this talk about womens periods"
"My dad came home from work tonight with a massive cut on his hand  he didn't seemed bothered by it but my mum flipped out. She insisted that he should be taken to the medical center to get stitches done up  he then dropped this line:"
"Probably a repost but  i give you the only overly manly man that made me laugh."
"FISTS"
"I now respect this man."
"What I hear every time someone tells me about their cold."
"George Washington  Zombie Hunter"
"I can't take my eyes off this for some reason.."
"Nutella would be amazing with these.."
"Suns Erupt [This is real!]"
"kitties &amp; ass (nsfw?)"
"push up + kitty + hot chick = ?"
"Now this is my kind of aww!"
"Stupid Animals (gallery)"
"Animals Are Dumb [.gif gallery]"
"He is special."
"Giraffes..."
"Greatest card ever!"
"Get Well Soon  DEER!"
"Get well soon!"
"Get Well!"
"I'd watch the shit outta this show."
"Epic Ron Swanson"
"[10]"
"Woooooaaaah"
"Slap me up"
"Happy High-Five A Random Stranger Day  Reddit! To help you celebrate  here's a picture of a man high-fiving a whale."
"How I feel when all my posts get downvotes and I post something new"
"What I expect since it's my first Cake Day..."
"Happiest dog in the world"
"zip zop zoobity bop"
"Magic Sausage"
"The first real birthday I've had in 4 years  so I wanted to share my favorite gif with you  reddit!"
"How to make a milkshake [gif]"
"Did you lose a cat? - Imgur"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"all by myself"
"When I learned race car spelled backwards is race car"
"Finally partitioned my Mac's hard drive. Hopped on Steam to check out the Windows selection--"
"I had an idea"
"Rugrats."
"Shell shocked 1916 - [x-post from r/creepy]"
"The miracle of birth (NSFW)"
"Better than a pot of gold"
"Sean Hannity's idea of water boarding."
"Awesome street art"
"The Internet is a silly silly place."
"the internet is a silly silly place"
"Proof the End Times are Near."
"How I feel about buffering..."
"Excuse me  but I mustache you a question..."
"Baby octopi hatching from their eggs."
"1 dog 2 pirates"
"Just a couple of pirates"
"Little faggot!"
"This will always be my favorite picture on the Internet."
"How I feel when people find more ways to title this"
"I was going through the 'HOARD ALL THE GIFS' post  this one was just amazing."
"I... what... I don't... fucking why? NSFW"
"Metal"
"Coming back home past curfew with your eyes on your parents bedroom door."
"Who's awesome? This guy."
"Subjective worldview"
"I wanna go shopping with this critter."
"My GF sends me this pic to identify  thought you guys could help. What is this?"
"So I drove past this today what do u think...."
"Going to the Wild Rumpus."
"These guys get all the ladies."
"Does r/aww approve of Baby Platypuses?"
"2 Baby Duckbill Platypus"
"Baby platypus!"
"/r/aww needs more platypuses"
"Rescued these adorable little guys from page 3 of a google image search"
"HIFW I see a post/comment that has more karma than I have accumulated over one year of reddit"
"How I feel after my first post to Reddit [FIXED]"
"When I think I have karma gold  and get shut down."
"When you're about to leave for 2 days of offline studying and realize it's your cakeday."
"How I feel after driving to my 8am class to find out it has been cancelled..."
"how I feel while trying to write a paper"
"Would you like some fries with that drive by?"
"The Journey"
"How I feel driving in an unfamiliar place."
"Mont Saint Michel Castle – France"
"&quot;What a beautiful morning. Today is going to be a good day.&quot;"
"Just found this picture online. Oh god  why?!?"
"Time for the yearly Christmas photo...(nsfw for nudity)"
"Pyramid of captured German helmets outside Grand Central Terminal  New York  ca.1918 [1024 × 853]"
"Chewbacca on a giant squirrel fighting Nazis"
"The internet at its finest."
"Chocolate Milk"
"Gotta admit  it's kinda mesmerizing."
"Starry Night - as rendered in bacon"
"There are so many things wrong with this picture"
"My Cat hits the Gym..."
"Get Well Soon  poor raccoon"
"Get well soon..."
"Here's to a speedy recovery."
"Cats love it!"
"Perfectly normal... right?"
"Why would you let it crawl on you?"
"Dentist"
"Foxman  it's really big on the internet! If you see him you take a picture and post it to reddit to get kar-"
"It's my cake day and i can't come up with any content  so i'll give you one of my favorite gifs."
"Survival of the fittest"
"MOVE BITCH (also)"
"What a pro."
"Found this ad while browsing. I thought Reddit would like."
"Best haunted house photo I ever seen"
"My dad sees my computer screen and asks me to order one.... how awkward...."
"When girls bitch to me about their period."
"When my little brother tries to act tough"
"Text from Dog: cat in the yard"
"In an Alternate Universe"
"In the beginning was the word  and the word was &quot;Mario&quot;"
"Oh Dexter..."
"My Shiny Metal Dick"
"Cuteness overload!"
"Pool climbing wall...looks fun"
"How I browse r/trees"
"How I felt when J and A lets you give an upvote storm on RES."
"My cakeday mission. For all!"
"NINJA DOG. You won't see him until it's too late... [GIF]"
"Party on  Garth"
"Whenever I see a post about Donald Trump bitching about something."
"Get a job? (probably a repost but it still gets me every time)"
"The Most Epic Mario GIF"
"Mushroom kingdom is under attack!"
"Now who wouldn't want to live in a house like this?"
"This guy deserves a big trophy."
"Is this how you make a GifSound?"
"Every one of us  every weekend."
"As an English man this is how I feel after hearing about the American heat wave"
"Caught my cat watching Sarah McLachlan's TV commercial."
":c"
"A dog on his way to work."
"Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson dressed up as The Hulk for Halloween"
"Lobster on the menu today"
"How I feel getting out of the back of a 2 door car as a 6'4&quot; man"
"How I feel every Friday... [img]"
"I was thinking more like this..."
"The majestic gorilla  in all his judgmental glory."
"It's my cakeday!"
"Oh Lance (X-post from /r/bicycling)"
"Goats"
"Looking through my pics folder and was like &quot;what the fuck is Osama bin Children?&quot;"
"Goats are like mushrooms."
"no matter how I feel this always chears me up ps:my first post to WTF"
"I have no words..."
"Soon"
"Out of fucking nowhere!"
"Saw this derp today..."
"Bombs raining down on Kobe during the Second World War. [1498 × 1969]"
"Link did the right thing"
"A problem ever man has to face  sigh..."
"When the girlfriend's asleep  and I'm not quite ready for bed."
"WHEN SOMEONE TRIES TO WAKE ME UP AFTER PARTYING ALL NIGHT…"
"My reaction every time someone posts they've found &quot;FB gold&quot;"
"Well it's my cake day and..."
"What is this move called? NSFW"
"Baby Polar Bears only weigh about a pound"
"Hello  beautiful"
"Simple work set up"
"How I felt the first time I visited r/ShitRedditSays"
"What I do when I discover an extremely perverse chain of comments on Reddit..."
"What really happened to the Dinosaurs"
"I hate these..."
"Rugged"
"Amazing birds eye view of an island."
"Sometimes  average is exactly what you want."
"Dramatic Reading"
"When I realized I wasn't supposed to be fapping all month."
"Classy  Zach Galifianakis."
"Best balloon animal ever?"
"lets start this weekend right meow"
"FALCON KNEE!"
"Something seems off..."
"Firework + Dog..."
"Dog attacks with roman candles"
"Stare"
"it speeds up the longer it goes"
"Ilya Bryzgalov on the universe"
"How I imagine everyone when they get link down votes ..."
"Why do people draw something like this?!"
"In every single engineering class ..."
"Well if its a Steam Nostalgia Trip This GIF Can't be Forgotten."
"Life finds a way."
"Kony 2012 summed up in 3 sec"
"Rock  paper..."
"The cat is the hat"
"Tired pets."
"Um I don't think that rhymes..."
"Happy Birthday  Carl. You've always been such an inspiration to me and to everyone else."
"Woah  That was close!"
"How i feel when people tell me Justin Bieber threw up on stage"
"Watching your cats"
"Chewbacca On A Squirrel Fighting Nazis"
"This belongs here...for sure!"
"I think I'll just lie here"
"Regrettable Tattoo - never drink and ink!"
"My cousin has an Ikea inspired rack for her seven cats"
"So Japan decided to join the spacerace [NSFW]"
"Poor taste just hit a whole new level..."
"Just a typical tuesday...."
"lol fresh prince LOTR edition"
"Maybe they should swap their training courses with eachother"
"how gonna this happen?"
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"A-M-E-R-I-C-A!"
"Oh Pluto"
"I chuckled at this"
"99 Cookies"
"Duck. Duck. Duck. GOOSE!"
"From left to right: Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke Skywalker and R2D2"
"turbulence"
"Little Miss"
"wish I was this guy"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man."
"Interesting statue you got there."
"Functioning on limited sleep"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food."
"De Nada"
"You are welcome"
"This will always be my favourite.."
"Wish I was this smooth."
"Heavy Metal Frog"
"If you park lke this  Fuck you[FIXED]"
"Lil Wayne in all his glory! Sorry if repost  first time I have seen it."
"This is one cute bugger"
"Cuddles the moth"
"Anarchy in the UK"
"when people on reddit don't agree with my sense of humor"
"Petrol bomb hits motorbike cop in Greece protests"
"Playing With Cars Oldie But A Goodie"
"Caption this.."
"What everyone does after a step-parent leaves the room after a fight....."
"A sloth being a whole lot of cute"
"Meme Miff - Hejibits"
"click me"
"My personal favorite faceswap"
"My personal favorite faceswap"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend's parents!!"
"Ice Tea"
"My friend won an International beard competition today. I think he deserved it?"
"Mario Kart tracks built in Roller Coaster Tycoon"
"Finally someone I can relate too"
"LAWD"
"The End of Dark Knight Rises **MAJOR SPOILERS**"
"How I feel when I come up with a clever post and am afraid of forgetting it"
"How I feel when I come up with a clever post but am afraid of forgetting it"
"Starting my assignment while browsing Reddit.."
"Postponing my essay to post this..."
"Victory dance"
"Elevator Ride"
"Gangnam Style--Elevator."
"LOL  repost."
"Serious skills!"
"Either way you're screwed."
"The average aging process of Japanese women."
"Awwww......They look so cutee..."
"ANDY"
"Psycho Style"
"The Shining: Psycho Style"
"There aren't words for this"
"Generally  I dislike frivolous lawsuits. But I'd back Mr. T on this one."
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"Hitchcock on the set of Psycho"
"Saw this today  made me laugh."
"Just a Cow... With No Face [NSFW GORE]"
"Well that's one way to use milk"
"Can someone tell me what's happening here.."
"Alien Milk RAPE!"
"Hey reddit  I stumbled upon this the other day and loved it. If one of you photoshop masters could color it I would reward you with internet hugs!"
"I got this!"
"How I feel downvoting a post on the front page"
"Kodak moment"
"How I feel about your cat"
"My face when I see all this news about Comic Con."
"This will be attempted next time I go to the Gym."
"The new girl"
"Father-son bonding"
"Mini Chewie"
"Me to my friends: &quot;Yeah I can't stand that Taylor Swift 'Never Getting Back Together' song either&quot; As soon as they leave..."
"WTF Anime?!"
"My girlfriend is in nursing school and just asked me to look over a paper she wrote."
"How I feel sometimes reading Dawkins"
"Relatively new to Reddit. Just stumbled across an AMA by Neil deGrasse Tyson."
"The more you watch the funnier it gets."
"The Force  as applied to a running dog."
"Genetics in action [Fixed]"
"Another Overly Attached Dog"
"Hopeless Hope"
"Well  fuck."
"Go kayaking they said. It'll be fun they said."
"A Fairly Tense Experience"
"Chuck Testa..."
"Overly Attached Girlfriend!"
"if i was good at internet i would make this horse an NFL referee and we would have the perfect summary of today's posts everywhere"
"How I feel entering the gym two hours later than usual"
"What about me?"
"What the fuck did I just hatch"
"Meanwhile  on Mars..."
"Friday ..."
"Meanwhile  at the dark side..."
"No no no."
"How I feel as a European reading all the struggle with riding a stick"
"Still my favorite gif of all time"
"How I feel after browsing r/Christianity for a while..."
"Celebrity sighting: Taylor Swift."
"These t-shirts were tested on animals."
"Really r/atheism REALLY?"
"I mean seriously"
"russians"
"I'm glad Link is above the laws of physics."
"If Zelda was realistic"
"Shake it"
"The best look alike? It's definitely UP there."
"I found him"
"/r/gaming didn't like me making fun of Call of Duty"
"How I feel When I play COD"
"An album of clumsy informercial people"
"Just a dog birth"
"How to stop a robbery"
"Mr. (E)T"
"Homosex = duck sex?The joys of homeschooling"
"Creationist believes homosexuality will lead to Ducks running the world"
"Beware: homosexuality may lead to duck dictatorships."
"Whenever I go to the mall during summer where all the tweens hang."
"how it feels picking up my little brother during freshman year in high school"
"Waiting for the Nintendo press conference to begin..."
"Searched Google images with a URL instead of the image. This was the first result."
"Ninja cat."
"DAMN CHAIR (x-post from /r/funny)"
"I think it's great that everyone is donating to charity but...."
"Whenever I see the tell-tale signs of an SA-induced forever alone thread beginning."
"How I feel about achieving my life goals"
"The best new feature of BW2"
"How I feel being told I'm an approved submitter"
"Whenever I talk as a Malkavian in Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines."
"To sell propane..."
"Propanimorphs."
"Reddit when /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu became teens bitching about their lives."
"MFW hot girlfriend says no sex until marriage"
"My friend Told me I slapped like a skinny bitch. Then I gave it some effort"
"The eruption of the Cordon del Caulle in Chile"
"Resuscitating a drowned cat."
"Come at me bro"
"Even smaller version of new iPod mini already in stores... the secret Apple doesn't want you to know."
"And the winner is... o_O"
"We wish John Lennon  the vocalist of Beatles a very Happy Birthday and a joyous year ahead... WHAT???"
"Mtv getting facts wrong... WTF!"
"My personal favorite face swap"
"God made man from dirt and cloned another person from a rib. It makes perfect sense  no?"
"The miracle of birth"
"Mc Burglar"
"How I feel telling everyone that it's my cakeday."
"Unfortunate truth"
"One of the worst ways to die."
"This was taken from my balcony shortly before the dust wall swallowed downtown Phoenix."
"A monstrous dust storm (Haboob) roars through Phoenix  Arizona"
"This is Chesney and he is shopping with his little friend Joey"
"Wilt Chamberlain and Andre the Giant -- holding up Arnold Schwarzenegger"
"Just kidding..."
"Amy Poehler and Will Arnett separate"
"I told my wife  after she just got her hair done  that I kind of liked her old colour better."
"Classic Phil Dunphey"
"Whoa! X-ray picture  not sure if funny?"
"Something to help get you through your Monday"
"What are you looking at?"
"&quot;Babe... do you look at porn?&quot;"
"When I call &quot;seat check&quot; and someone takes my seat..."
"Get the fuck outta my chair (x-post from /r/funny)"
"I'm really going to do this  today is my day!"
"After deleting almost 500 people off Facebook  this is how I feel"
"Gary  we're not in Kansas anymore."
"No wonder Denmark is so happy"
"Outlets."
"Not bad.......not bad at all"
"What Atheism is up against[fixed]"
"Now you have seen everything..."
"Now you have seen everything... (X-post from r/pics)"
"I've seen it before  but this always gets a laugh out of me."
"Tell Me"
"Because fuck you! That's why!"
"How I feel about everything and everyone on Monday morning"
"Me visiting my Grandmother's"
"Me at my Grandmother's"
"AHHHHHHH!"
"Get it away from me!"
"Overused  but i had to."
"NO!"
"A street car in New Orleans."
"I'M SO happy it's Friday I could fly"
"Can we agree that this is the best/funniest gif ever?"
"Well  that would keep church from being boring."
"Can I sleep yet?"
"My approach to talking to my angry girlfriend"
"When I found out that my crush is bisexual"
"LPT: win office games with awesome paper planes"
"Karma"
"Karma at it's finest"
"Got a raise today after 3 years of working the same job plus a bonus!"
"One Of The Only Games I'd Want An HD Remake Of.&lt;3"
"End of a relationship[FIXED]"
"I had a bad day  so I decided to take some pictures of bubbles to relax..."
"How Locks Works."
"CACTUS"
"Pretty much my solution for all of life's problems..."
"No time to explain"
"Can't imagine being there to take this one"
"Minty Jesus"
"Cat combo on a baby"
"Saw this GIF yesterday. Thought it was missing something"
"The Last Supper"
"Freezing Japanese dwarf flying squirrel"
"Just saw this on Facebook..."
"This was made from broken CDs"
"Duck."
"Prestige (xpost from /r/sex)"
"My face when teenage girls say they have insomnia on facebook"
"How I feel whenever some says they were casually browsing r/gonewild"
"Very much a repost  I just really want to know the source of this gif. Can reddit help? Preferably with a link to the interview. Also  my first submission  yay!"
"When OP says they'll read every response"
"Got some new glasses..."
"WTF eye + bee/wasp"
"Twitch..."
"Come at me  bro."
"Come at me  bro!"
"Ladies  this is how you pose for a picture in a club when wearing a dress."
"Admit it  this is extremely accurate."
"So true.."
"This always makes me laugh"
"Best answers for a pre-test"
"A+ for creativity"
"Art thou feeling it now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Are you feeling the LSD now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"Unsuspecting Kitteh"
"Hey Phil  imma show this bitch how to gallop. BRB"
"Was in a bad mood  so I googled fuck you. I now feel better."
"Red Bull gives you oh shiiit!"
"Belief in Evolution Versus National Wealth (WTF US?)"
"Rubeus Hagrid? More like Rubeus... (crossposted in r/harrypotter)"
"Swagrid."
"expecto swagiliamus"
"Friend got drunk  noticed he was missing a few dollars. Found them."
"Steroids  not even once."
"The Colonel and his Droogs"
"He makes a poncho look badass [Fixed]"
"Anybody remember how good this series was before Atari ruined it?"
"The faces of Jim Carrey."
"This day we FIGHT!"
"Excellent Point Sir But.."
"I came as fast as I could"
"Fabulous Fab Four"
"Abbey Road cover 2.0"
"Just the Beatles taking a walk"
"How I feel I can't browse reddit at work"
"I asked Google to &quot;give me something to put on reddit for my cakeday&quot;. Geez..."
"How my parents view any form of technology they have to use"
"Like a BOSS!"
"Leaving a trail...?"
"This is what I call flexible"
"Awesome TF2 Soldier cosplay"
"Baby hedgehog yawning...I must have it."
"I don't think so buddy - Imgur"
"Home right now...gone fishing."
"If The Black Knight DJ'd"
"One armed DJ"
"I'd rather not.."
"Life is never gonna be the same."
"We all need a day off... no dishes  laundry  mortgage... that's what Columbus day is all about"
"Where did the seal pup go???"
"Ron Fucking Swanson."
"Had a few too many at a work party last Friday. I'll forever be seen as &quot;that guy&quot; now."
"I can watch this for hours...also..cake day!"
"girls on gone wild"
"I want to see THIS man running in the 2012 election."
"Repost  but since it's election time"
"The Jesus Fish"
"How I feel after getting a couple of upvotes"
"Rupert Murdoch's pro-SOPA tweets visualised"
"Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"Hey  Clint! Simpsons did it  Simpsons did it!"
"Clint Eastwood's...eccentric behavior got a write up in a local paper."
"Coverage of last nights RNC &quot;surprise&quot;speaker"
"Clint Eastwood  Simpsons Style"
"Clint Eastwood's speech at the RNC reminded me of this."
"you guys do this every time I try to post here"
"tyrion smack"
"Fuck  there isn't a gif in the world that makes you feel better then this one."
"I’m fairly certain this picture started with the phrase  “hold my beer and get your camera ready”"
"Everybody knows this guy"
"Kitty..Kitty.....Wakeuuupp!...it's 11 am"
"GENIUS!"
"My stupid idea. No 'just'"
"Thirsty Cat"
"For Reasons unexplained..."
"Aladdin knows how to get them bitches"
"ACHOO!!! ... oh shit! (NSFW?)"
"Animated Disaster in the Shower"
"Coning just got real"
"Starbucks this does not make me want to buy your coffee"
"role reversal"
"emasculation"
"Wha  wha  what  aw mannn"
"Every day when I wake up."
"How I feel every morning..."
"Baby elephant"
"I'm up!"
"Oh  and here's a baby Elephant to brighten your day."
"I'm not gonna let go of this thiiiing!"
"Ax Vs. Axe"
"Socially awkward penguin IRL"
"How I feel when I show up to the wrong class"
"SAP in action"
"=D"
"When I buy a game on Steam and it goes on sale the next day."
"&quot;oh you're doing something important? well  im just gonna sit riiiight...here.&quot;"
"Zero fucks given"
"Not going down without a fight."
"Mott Romnoy (x-post from r/gifs)"
"I'm voting for Mott Romnoy"
"How I picture most Facebook &quot;attention whores&quot;. (x-post from r/pics)"
"I see what you did there"
"His holiness too  is moist."
"My thoughts exactly"
"Ohh so moist"
"Disturbing but well synced"
"Train hitting guy"
"This is how variety works."
"How I felt the first time venturing into r/spacedicks..."
"When I go to work on a Friday..."
"How I imagine every gym membership photo looks..."
"What? Oh no he didn't..."
"My room... I wish."
"Very strong optical illusion."
"New computer"
"Dog in mid-air  not photoshopped"
"The horror"
"I present to you my collection of &quot;Premium Internet Gifs&quot; I made a few months back but didn't post it (35 Images)"
"Me the first time I broke the 100 upvote barrier..."
"How I feel having both my birthday and last day of high school in the same week"
"Up until recently I thought this .gif taken from The Hurt Locker."
"just DANCE!!"
"Blowing up shit!"
"Champions of Reason by Saejin Oh"
"Mindfuck"
"Lobster Lady Strikes!"
"Finally something Republicans and Democrats can enjoy together on Election Day."
"every girl i talk to"
"My reaction when I found out Curiosity successfully landed on Mars"
"Meanwhile... in The Philippines"
"His butt turned my wiener to dust"
"Weapon of Mass Destruction"
"What The Fuck Are You Doing"
"Every time I read about a Redditor still being Facebook friends with an ex."
"What The F*** Are You Doing?"
"That's no moon..."
"thriller"
"Just look at dog's face!"
"Free Fallin'"
"How I feel walking into the room and noticing my friend is on /r/spacedicks"
"It's old  but it never fails to make me laugh"
"Fail"
"NSFCat"
"This has to be a repost  but it still makes my day every time I see it. Fuck it!"
"Karma Whore"
"Handsome (FB)"
"&quot;Come on Frank we can't be late&quot;"
"&quot;Come on Frank we can't be late&quot;"
"I heard you all like reposts  so I reposted my repost from last night."
"Seljalandsfoss Waterfall  Iceland"
"We are screwed"
"How I feel blatantly browsing Reddit all day as an unpaid intern."
"My submission was removed because I didn't read the rules  but not before I received 200 upvotes"
"One year into my reddit addiction..."
"My 25 year old brother got laid for the first time  found out shortly afterwards that the girl had herpes. His response:"
"regrets are for the weak"
"He's stuck in the fence! Hold on let me get in this..."
"Photo of a cow photo bombing a horse that's stuck in a fence."
"In India this is called housefull!"
"ACTIVATE!!"
"Shit's about to get real"
"All he did was run a red light"
"Can I grab your boobies?"
"I felt so bad  I couldn't post it..."
"Some theists can play nice...[FB]"
"Meme abuse."
"It never Fails to make me smile."
"Reddit and all its entirety."
"Seth Rogen"
"My reaction when I realize I'm the ONLY person in my class NOT using a MacBook."
"Whenever someone comments but doesn't upvote."
"Mid-shit at your friend's house  you see no toilet paper in the bathroom"
"How I feel as an 18 year old that has to call the bank and talk about account activity"
"Samba cats!"
"Where is his fame?"
"It's the eye of the tiger  it's the thrill of the fight. Rising up to the challenge of our rival."
"i feel this is appropriate for my first post"
"I've been watching these cats for 22 minutes and they still haven't missed yet. - Imgur"
"To me  this is a lot funnier than it should be."
"Whenever I'm having a bad day  I just look at this and instantly get cheered up"
"How I feel waking up and seeing facebook birthday wishes"
"Today's c&amp;h relates to all us on here."
"Taking &quot;being a bro&quot; to a whole new level"
"You know? Day bow bow"
"Fine  I'll have a try with the skateboard."
"Sports fans"
"Redditor Love Life"
"Every time I see a post with &quot;It's my cake day&quot; in the title"
"I Don't Give a Fett [3:41]"
"How I feel about all the posts about Obama's AMA."
"How I feel when you downvote my self post."
"I dont think you were supposed to mix them together..."
"Pizza &amp; Cookies"
"Terrifying Koala Man is Terrifying"
"Austrailia...NOPE"
"This is chicken nugget paste  not ice cream silly"
"Guess who didn't read the instruction manual"
"I swear I´ll stop!"
"How I feel applying to college this year.."
"WTF Facebook??"
"These have gone a little too far..."
"What I want to do after returning to work on Monday...."
"at my friends house when his mom walks in on our sesh"
"Whenever I see my ex at a party I'm at."
"It's Only Purpose Is To Hold Itself Up"
"r/aww Needs more zebras"
"The Credible Hulk"
"How does escalator work?"
"Meanwhile  in an alternate universe..."
"This still is my favorite swap"
"Just some unconventional USB drives."
"What a Fall"
"Bought my first bong today! The name's Irish  and she hits as hard as Katie Taylor!"
"Watch out for those curbs."
"Reddit's Headquarters"
"Reddit's Headquarters"
"Reddit tech support"
"My reaction to my first hit of Sour Diesel"
"Turnstile poltergeist"
"Irrational Fears Justified in 3... 2.. 1..."
"Hitler"
"Cheese!!!!"
"I just got trolled by the Iron Man Avengers USB flash drive...."
"Inspired by &quot;&quot;natural&quot; Canadian flag&quot;. While hiking this morning  I made one using surrounding materials."
"Hey...Hey..My eyes are up here"
"Poor Mr. Hedgehog"
"The only dance I'll ever need to know. [FIXED]"
"Watching my first post get a lot of karma."
"What I do when I get more karma than my friend"
"Lost it in Nom"
"Never had a funny picture that someone posted on facebook... Until now (they are 14)"
"Why is there a venue that facilitates this?"
"My friend thinks he's smart"
"Not sure how I feel about this."
"Louie's parties must be great"
"Its that time of the year again. Pterodactyl season..."
"The next iphone [fixed]"
"This really made me go D'awww"
"FUCK"
"Fucking adorable!!!"
"I just found out that Steam summer sale ends one day before I get paid."
"Summer [fixed]"
"What I hear when i see this GIF."
"So apparently the office prank-war has gone too far..."
"I think kitty had too much to drink."
"Dog dick (SFW)"
"why Hitler lost the war."
"To everyone that is getting to play borderlands 2 when I am working and going to school."
"Your mind: do not always trust what it wants to see"
"Wait a minute... that's not her butt"
"That poor woman!"
"Shark tank collapses in Kuwait!"
"Last March of the Crabs"
"Every time I see the words 'Karma Machine.'"
"Take me to your leader!"
"Sir  ready for takeout. I mean  takeoff!"
"Here is Holly with the weather"
"STOP!"
"How Sandy feels about reporters"
"[NSFW] 4 pairs of tits bouncing around"
"Knowing your opponent"
"I'm sure he have played this before..."
"Hahahaha....*snore*"
"Go Magikarp!"
"Just going to leave this here"
"No time  no time."
"Samsung takes aim at iPhone 5 in new print ad."
"Here's an interesting fact!"
"They used to he called 'jumpolines'."
"&quot;Be Like Han&quot; (courtesy of /r/quotesporn)"
"League of Legends: An Infographic"
"The magic school bus  all grown up."
"When my friend starts talking to me about something I already told him I dont care about"
"In the coming months  Total Recall  Judge Dredd &amp; Red Dawn will all hit theaters."
"FML posts?"
"&quot;stop motion&quot; sex"
"The best Spongebob gif from one of the best episodes ever"
"Googled Dafuq. Childhood now nightmare fuel."
"cartoons aren't what they used to be.."
"I contend we are both atheists..."
"Teabag!"
"The saddest love story ever."
"When I'm In A Group And Someone Mentions 9GAG"
"My girlfriend just discovered the wedding planning section of Pinterest..."
"Polar bear chillin"
"The average week"
"Oh  the places you could go!"
"Science Vs Religion"
"In the event of a water landing"
"What are you doing？？？"
"I think I'll invite this guy as bartender for my next party"
"Meth."
"Getting ready for my last exam after an all-nighter"
"Bringing Gum To School."
"So what you're telling me is..."
"Test submission!"
"Yup  he had a little too much last night."
"Well  do you?"
"My school just blocked imgur."
"Friendzoned  rich  or both?"
"Strange Magic Trick. I've yet to figure it out."
"Mitt Romney does his best Liberace"
"It's easy when I pull out my pussy."
"Lightening crashes"
"Hittler[AoE] has joined the game"
"We should have sent this guy on Curiosity."
"Seems legit...if your bookie is about to murder you."
"D:"
"Picked A Bad Place To Park"
"That Horrifying Moment"
"Grooms seeing their brides on their wedding days for the first time (x-post from pics)"
"CSI"
"As a business major  when I'm assigned a research paper."
"Hipsters"
"Clint Eastwood this morning after watching his RNC speech last night"
"This Guy Was Just Arraigned For Shooting An Anchorage Alaska Cop"
"Jason W. Barnham  on trial for allegedly shooting a police officer [1200x820]"
"When fat people attack"
"My favorite GIF of all time"
"Not exactly the right answer"
"How I imagine all the legalization posts are going to be today"
"May the force be with whomever she’s hexing"
"Dramatic face expression"
"Because. Dubstep"
"When the automatic toilet flushes before I'm finished..."
"Preparing candy like a chemist [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"But why?!?"
"Is it because it's dangerously cool?"
"Staring Contest? Challenge Accepted."
"How I feel when I tell jokes from reddit to my friends"
"These awful home offices will make you vomit [Pics]"
"MFW I finally hit 100 karma"
"It doesn't stop  but you won't care."
"My 8 year old daughter's unexpected response to a writing assignment about being female...[X-Post from Parenting]"
"Driving through Washington state and I see a PA plate on a car with a Steelers sticker on the back."
"When I see the only other white dude at Popeye's"
"A new war has begun....."
"This is what I think of your cake day."
"I wish someone would edit in Photogenic Guy on this .gif"
"chased by monkeys"
"Found on campus last week: Rape 101"
"We Have Drug Dealers In The Pinelands."
"something is about to go down"
"Come on  Robin  to the Bat Cave! There's not a moment to lose!"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend is also a great artist."
"Say cheese!"
"What Should You Do When You Find An Atheist?"
"Living with a Husky's downside"
"wolverine gangnam style"
"I need this..."
"My mom  walking in on my &quot;private time&quot; when I was a teen"
"My nephew is a big Skylanders fan. (x-post from /r/gaming)"
"Should have gotten a sit down one"
"It's not what it looks like! I was just  uh  helping her find a contact!"
"The edge of the world"
"Saw this landscape photo and I just had to make this [Mario RPG]"
"My vehicle of choice"
"Border between Netherlands and Belgium in Baarle-Nassau."
"How you know it's move in time in a college town [FIXED]"
"Cannot unsee"
"How I feel when I talk to my grandmother while tripping on acid."
"How I feel about my GF after unexpected morning nookie. (SFW)"
"Caught a House Hippo"
"Folding Lava  Kilauea - Hawaii"
"Joe Biden is Playa from the Himalaya! Brothas upset!"
"pizzacat"
"As a commuter student every time I get on campus my body decides its explosive diarrhea time."
"a comic that gave me a little hope in the world."
"This picture ruined my day..."
"I think he's preforming surgery on himself"
"Hand me downs"
"Hand me downs"
"Animals Hate Children"
"I worked retail during the holidays last year. Black Friday turned my soul black."
"When my wife says to me  &quot;Let's go have sex.&quot;"
"Fatherly Advice"
"Me when finding out that it is my cakeday today when I randomly signed in to reddit while on Holiday."
"Meanwhile In America"
"Dog enjoying the view."
"Watch dog"
"Picture of a dog casting his wise old eyes upon a field in Japan"
"Rebellious Asian"
"Troubled Rebellious Asian"
"Finish Her!"
"They say I cant lose  I say you cant win!"
"This is how i always envisioned it."
"Me chewing gum before i have to throw it away"
"I can't say I wouldn't have a similar reaction..."
"Yeah  He Likes Them"
"Not even close"
"Comrade Ivan's last yawn"
"The Mission Is a Very Tall Man"
"If games were easy."
"Overly Attached Water"
"Time to go. We have seen enough"
"So I used this picture to describe Reddit to a friend today."
"Flipflops and Glue hilarious prank.."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"When the hotel I'm staying in charges for WiFi"
"How to avoid speeding tickets"
"There's more than one way to sharpen a pencil."
"Happy Birthday America"
"The Best Around"
"FINISH HIM!!"
"Happy Birthday to Neil Degrasse Tyson! May you continue to blow my mind with science for many years to come!"
"Cat + mouse = love"
"Everytime a girl uploads pictures of her and her girl friends looking skanky"
"this gif goes through my head everytime i get a downvote  havent even made it out of /new yet."
"complete island destruction"
"4chan's /b/"
"Skill required vs. fame"
"This is how I feel everytime I agree with someone on reddit."
"Went to r/new late at night and saw someone had already downvoted everything."
"Slow days on Reddit"
"What the fuck am I doing with my life ..."
"Fighting their little hearts out. Crosspost from /r/MMA"
"How I imagine Panda Combat in the new WoW Expansion"
"This is how all my fights turn out."
"because fuck work"
"When I think I have karma gold  and get shut down."
"When you're about to leave for 2 days of offline studying and realize it's your cakeday."
"How I feel after driving to my 8am class to find out it has been cancelled..."
"how I feel while trying to write a paper"
"Cute picture of Mary Kate Olsen and her 42 year old boyfriend."
"I almost forgot about this"
"As a person from Europe regarding Sandy."
"Nose maggots."
"that face..."
"MY EYE BLOWS"
"War"
"Time For Tea?"
"Scumbag Turtle"
"Just a sleeping baby giraffe"
"Hermit Crab in a Glass Shell. Says it all  really."
"yeah  thats what would have happened..."
"Drove past this place today... Had a laugh"
"Drove past this place today... Had a laugh"
"Surreal Reflections – Iceland"
"How I view the refs after the Packers-Seahawks game tonight."
"Touchdown Celtics"
"after further review..."
"Kitten spaz attack aborted."
"As someone who lives in the Northeast  this is how I feel about this so called &quot;storm&quot;."
"Dogs Mid-Shake"
"One Hell of a Party"
"One hell of a party"
"How I feel commenting after a thread is popular"
"This is me on a thursday night"
"This guy doesn't give a shit about karma"
"If she hasn't finished by now ... she will soon!"
"Ladies  please!"
"Proper technique"
"My boyfriend's reaction when I told him I'm participating in No Shave November"
"Crosspost- panda vs office (I hope this isn't a repost here  am new to this subreddit)"
"Meanwhile  in America"
"My opinion on f7u12 lately."
"How I feel as a non-American redditor today"
"Been gone for awhile  not up to speed rage."
"Shawty got me like..."
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle"
"chicken nuggets"
"Stupid monkeys and their rims"
"The beautiful Jal Mahal (Jaipur  India)"
"Happy 61st Birthday Bill Fucking Murray! [FIXED]"
"For all you guys(and girls) going through a rough time. Remember:"
"See it Swimming"
"Me  the very first time I visited 4chan"
"Fuck the rules"
"Cow At Me Bro!"
"When someone honks at me while i'm crossing the crosswalk."
"And he's disqualif....oh....god no..."
"First post in gifsound. I'll let the door hit me on the way out.."
"saw this on facebook  thought it deserved better"
"Sky"
"&quot;When I have a terrible need of - shall I say the word - religion. Then I go out and paint the stars.&quot; -Vincent Van Gogh"
"Back in the day  I thought this made me cool [Fixed]"
"Noth Korea launches nuclear missile towards USA..."
"All around me are familiar faces..."
"When someone tells me they listen to nikki minaj"
"Dominic you rat!"
"After having your first child."
"Can't sleep  clowns will eat me."
"Perfect Nature"
"Amarr Orbital Bombardment [Fixed]"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"my confusion"
"Genie Dilemmas"
"Please explain this optical illusion to me?"
"US Army Comic Strip: How to Spot a Jap"
"I want to be right here"
"Moiraine Lake  Canada"
"Party hard!"
"He'll do it."
"Why I don't misspell anything since 2005 or so [Fixed]"
"What great advice!"
"Music to my ears."
"Some people clearly haven't been on Reddit."
"who ever thought of this is not human..."
"Well that's just not fair"
"Elemental"
"pimpin' in a cardigan"
"I missed my cake day by a day. But here's my first saved link from 224 days ago."
"Hey Jackie  what do you think about The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?"
"Pre-fight intimidation done... right?"
"Wet koalas are not as cute as dry ones."
"Dew you know what I mean?"
"Does he look like a bitch?"
"Friend's son at the pig farm - BRILLIANT!"
"My reaction when I finish hours of mundane homework."
"Construction"
"How I feel when I have lost my place after browsing over 500 posts."
"Don't order the apple juice either"
"Just a big guy without a shirt celebrating an upset"
"North Carolina!"
"My response to NCSU beating FSU (x-post from /r/gifsound)"
"a real chick magnet"
"My contribution to Draw Muhammad day."
"We gotta find Pluto his Ariel"
"-Dwight Schrute"
"I told those bitches not to confiscate my trumpet. [NSFW]"
"One of those 'worth a thousand words' pictures"
"Watching the Dark Knight Rises after work. This is how I'm walking out of here."
"No matter how hard I try  I'll never be happy as this guy."
"A true work of art"
"Doing the wave at football matches. (X-post from r/funny)"
"[X-post from r/funny] Rowan Atkinson's reaction in .gif form [sort-of a SPOILER]"
"resurrecting r/wtf"
"Stopreadingmyuser's reaction to seeing his own content reposted on the front page"
"Skyrim dragons are such nerds."
"I said don't touch me there"
"Inspiration behind reddit"
"Just the most badass owl you will ever see."
"Owl mid-flight"
"Yum"
"Someone asked me what it's like being a christian. Well..."
"Sweet power slide"
"Fuck Tornadoes."
"A match made in heaven"
"I'm sick of this life..."
"Redditor for 11 months..."
"Rihanna  THIS is why i hate you."
"How I feel when I reddit instead of studying for a test."
"Meanwhile in Washington and Colorado..."
"How I see people when they post cat photos on Reddit"
"Dexter."
"Every time I see something cool on reddit and try to do it myself"
"All I want to do is - Peter Singh"
"Elvis would be proud"
"Just another day at the beach"
"Fearless cat is fearless."
"Awesome cat"
"Supremely-confident cat"
"Reddit  meet The Fearless Cat."
"It makes sense."
"Philosoraptor on KONY 2012"
"Dad..."
"Business cat putting in some solid work"
"Have you ever been so hungry?"
"Boom BoomBoomBoom!!"
"Dat face."
"Another person found their old SNES?"
"This morning"
"On my days off  this is how I start my day."
"Two Spears (Also  source?)"
"Walker Texas Substitute"
"When I upvote a negative comment"
"When I upvote a negative post [x-post/gifs]"
"50 years of space exploration"
"Fifty years of space exploration in one infographic"
"50 Years of Space Exploration"
"It was a funny little pun"
"Enough of Obama and Romney."
"Well  that's awkward..."
"Veggy man is tired.."
"Vegan Porn (SFW)"
"Keeping warm Reddit style"
"I'm a box"
"Just a picture of a Shoebill."
"I had made this GIF for my old blog's masthead. Hope you guys like it."
"David Stern just doing David Stern stuff"
"Otter  NO! You said you were just good friends!"
"This guy. This fucking guy."
"Boss-cat is a total boss."
"I love my Pork and Beans."
"I suddenly want a rocking chair..."
"This is entirely too accurate"
"Meanwhile  in Libya"
"It haunts my dreams"
"Up up and away"
"Space Shuttle Launch [2560x1600]"
"How I feel at the beginning of a school week"
"Haters gonna hate"
"This pug has no regard for authority"
"I wanna see this movie"
"all i want to do is. and. and take your food"
"All I wanted was some popcorn..."
"I don't even..."
"I asked my friend what he was doing  and he sent me this. I'm a little worried for his sanity. (X from WTF)"
"Guy eats his own smegma. NSFL"
"What your foreskin looks like after a year of not washing it NSFL"
"Hey r/atheism"
"So i started the stopwatch sometime soon after i got my ipod."
"I started it when I got my phone"
"Looks like i forgot my Stopwatch time aswell"
"YAHOO  Y'ALL"
"I'm usually not patriotic but.."
"Motherfucker!"
"My GF is coming over tonight  after 10 days being away."
"Pretty much sums up the whole of r/NoFap"
"Dressed up like a million dollar trooper..."
"This popped up on my news feed yesterday..."
"Groovin'"
"24 hours worth of day and night snaps merged into one panoramic frame."
"The designated driver."
"Wait  what?"
"On this day of my reddit birthday  i realised i have nothing original to post  so here is my favorite"
"After reading/seeing the crazy pcp homeless man face eating incident in FLA  this needs to happen.."
"My niece made it rain on that ho"
"This shit is hilarious"
"The Hokey Pokey  written in the style of William Shakespeare."
"Ladies and Gentlemen. May I present to you a timeless classic in an even more timeless form."
"Daft2D2"
"The line that made 30 Rock one of my favorite shows."
":|"
"Sums up 4chan in one gif"
"Showing my friend reddit this morning not knowing there was a bunch of gore pics on the front page."
"Mind -&gt; BLOWN."
"A wild pun thread appears."
"This guy at school has some ingrown teeth"
"The Dark Knight Rises"
"Oh my lawdy.."
"COINCIDENCE?!"
"When a friend of mine proclaims he is very independent  although his parents brought him a car  along with paying for his uni tuition."
"When someone says he doesn't like things that are popular"
"Who I'll be voting for this November"
"Best.Abattoir.Ever."
"Robotic cow washer pleases dirty cow. That is all."
"Silly dog"
"You've been warned."
"Inspired by a comment in r/funny earlier today."
"Mmmh...Steak."
"Georgia o Beef's last sculpture found!"
"How I feel when I post something I think is hilarious and instead gets downvoted into oblivion."
"Hey look what I found!"
"Nanananananananananana BATMAN!!"
"Om nom turtle"
"And a one and a two and a.."
"HAHAHA this made my day xD"
"Imagine this trying to lick your face."
"Found this dog while looking for costumes"
"Shut up and take my money."
"We will still never know"
"Come at me  bro!"
"Insights in Cheerleading"
"Guess who shaves?"
"Forever alone towel."
"came up on my fb feed - top notch halloween costume"
"So  today's my reddit birthday  and I haven't karma whored before  so I thought I'd share this with you."
"After paying a new semester's worth of tuition and books this is how things feel at the moment..."
"Dog v vacuum Cleaner."
"I do not believe they are that good."
"So I saw a Youtube comment screen-cap on the front page  and realized it was mine."
"Seeing a screen-cap of a Youtube comment on the front page  and realizing it my comment"
"When I discovered this subreddit"
"&quot;eh&quot; timing"
"A walk through the forest"
"This is how you protest [Fixed]"
"Fuckin' P.E. teacher was fuckin' wrong"
"There's no I in team they said"
"Dance Party"
"Saw the Mudkip gifsound  and I was confused why this was not the song"
"Pusheethoven"
"Happens everytime."
"Screw swag I have bacon"
"I think this is the only appropriate use of the word &quot;SWAG&quot;"
"the description is the best part"
"&quot;See you later bro&quot;"
"Yakety Dog Sledding"
"Facebook... Literally."
"So i google &quot;you know who's beautiful&quot; ... not sure what that is"
"And I thought I was the only one."
"Most offensive costume this year?"
"Tasting the Rainbow"
"Best Friends"
"Buzzfeed: 31 Year-Old Handgun Violence Ad Still Relevant Today"
"Waking up to find out it's my cakeday"
"Always makes me laugh"
"One does not simply QWOP a ball"
"The #1 Threat to America"
"Here's what i learned from Jersey Shores"
"What does the bible say about tattoos?"
";3"
"At an [8]"
"I wonder how he approached them to take this picture?"
"MY vote for president 2012"
"If I knew this was going to happen in Australia I would've posted sooner."
"Just another normal day at the beach..."
"Life's a beach and then your pants fall down"
"Some people..."
"How I feel when I see an eReader"
"Did homosexuality kill off the dinosaurs? -or-Megasoreass Rex"
"Florida's first bikini-shaving-related traffic offender"
"My response to people that say 'my friend did this...'"
"Meanwhile  in Germany..."
"This dog digs chicks"
"Boat on the Roxbury"
"I Get Knocked Down!"
"Unicorns"
"Can't work on an empty stomach"
"WTF would be the reason for doing this?"
"Beauty..."
"Kiss me  baby"
"Advertisements for my local Science Museum"
"KUHMAWN EHN NYAN"
"I think you better get it washed."
"Dirty drivers  meet the bane of your existence"
"It's the only way to destroy it!"
"How I see people on their cake day"
"How browsing Reddit feels when you don't like cats."
"I can't help it at yoga class..."
"When I click new"
"This is how you eat noodles....list a boss"
"The Original Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"Christians 1 / Atheists 0"
"Alone in the dark"
"I wish I could have done this in traffic last night (went to see the fireworks)"
"In my friends health textbook"
"Changing lanes"
"Orange you glad I didn't say banana?"
"oh haiiiiii (Caturday gif)"
"Attacked by a polar bear [NSFL]"
"Houston  We Have A Problem..."
"*Cringe*"
"Meanwhile at the White House"
"Dog Like Jagger"
"So listening to my local radio station just as they played this song  and just as I clicked on this image.....I lost it...."
"Dogs.... How do they work?"
"You definitely didn't expect that."
"How to get money from rich people."
"The best homeless pitch I've seen in a while"
"A Taste of Dick Black"
"Raccoon Buffet"
"True love."
"What a lovely horse. Wait.... Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit"
"Just some people playing volleyball using the border fence as a net."
"Whenever I see a &quot;This was on the pizza box&quot; post"
"Trying to get through to Paul Ryans office."
"Van Gogh from Space"
"What's been seen  can't be unseen."
"CAT. CAT. CAT. CAT."
"I think I laughed way harder than I should have for way too long.."
"Who said it? The Romeny and Burns edition."
"Can anyone explain this? I don't know if it's real or not."
"Smoking when the parents are home at 4pm."
"The Great Leader Gotta Catch 'Em All"
"Kim Jong-Ketchum"
"Still Cracks me up."
"Douchebag used Brick. It's super effective!"
"Ming Blown"
"ERRMAHGERD PEPSI"
"I'm having my breakfast with the refreshing taste of science"
"How all of Reddit feels right now... [FIXED]"
"Does anyone else remember this game? Serious question  I really don't know if it was popular or not but it was a pretty huge part of my childhood"
"Censorship"
"Stark &amp; Recreation (street art by Hanksy)"
"One day... I'll be a unicorn."
"How I feel waking up on my last day of University ever"
"aaaaaaaannnndddddd.... We have lift-off!"
"Lion given to the swedish king in 1731 by the bey of Algeria  now stuffed and to be found at the Gripsholm Castle"
"When I got my first laptop..."
"An otter eating a watermelon  but really not enjoying it"
"This pretty much sums it up"
"Personally I blame Dyson for Henry's demise into the drugs scene"
"One of the most beautiful places in the world  Killarney  Ireland"
"How I feel when someone tells me to get a job..."
"When someone tells me to get a job"
"Just get a job..."
"When my parents tell my teenage ass to get a job."
"How I feel immediately after I've been introduced to somebody"
"Well  I'm sold!"
"1995 Pontiac Grand Am"
"driving it is better than your last four romantic encounters...combined! (real craigslist ad)"
"Best damn used car ad ever!"
"The Catholic Church is embracing its new marketing slogan"
"Internet Bullying?"
"I love to sing-a  about the moon-a and the June-a and the spring-a."
"Happy dance"
"When want to play with my best buddy"
"Dancing cool!!"
"Badass dad..."
"Last seconds of a high school student."
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful."
"How i feel after i poured a drink way too strong"
"Who's at the door?"
"Amazing  tornado surrounding rain shower"
"See ... he is real!"
"It has been proven!"
"Pick up the pieces baby"
"Oh  Benny..."
"Not to beat a dead horse  but this is funny."
"My reaction when Redditors watch the shows they wish were off the air"
"I make it rain on them hos"
"rack city"
"Fronds"
"This is the future for Melbourne  Australia"
"Side boob? Nah - UNDERBOOB! [NSFW]"
"Transform!"
"So long and thanks for all the laughs  DNA."
"Harder than a normal run..."
"Quadruples problem  solved."
"Faggit (xpost from r/chicago)"
"Nickleback's Hair"
"googled raptor and this was the 7th pic..."
"Tibetan Mastiff"
"Olympics ending? No more sexiness from women's water polo? Guess I won't be needing this anymore."
"breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"A breathtaking view of the Milky Way from Mars"
"True story"
"Higher  higher  higher!! Too high.."
"I must go..."
"punchline not in title"
"Mom jeans  not just for moms anymore..."
"Love this."
"someone enjoys r/wtf more than we do..."
"Hardcore trolling [gif]"
"This is why I would NEVER take part in a trust exercise on school camp."
"Three Tard Moon"
"Downvoting the rare occasional submission in a tiny subreddit"
"Cool guys don't look at explosions"
"Doug  the badass"
"I hope this pending bacon shortage is a joke but just in case..."
"Ron-Fucking-Swanson"
"Last day at work"
"Icelandic"
"Who is this? This picture was posted on reddit about a year ago  and tagged as Icelandic chick."
"Adalia the tank engine"
"Ouch!"
"Stone cold chillin'"
"Even mollusc deserve some love"
"A cakeday pic mashup. I originally posted this to the wrong subreddit. Enjoy"
"When you finish masturbating the second before someone gets home"
"...now it's time to fuck bitches!"
"Dont know what to call this..."
"Abandoned subway beneath New York"
"Here is what hooked me on Reddit. Still makes me laugh my ass off every time I see it."
"Spontaneous Wingman of the Year [fb] [x post from r/funny]"
"If only I could make an entrance as smooth as this guy..."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"like that"
"I'll see you your hero  and raise you My Hero"
"After every single up-vote ever"
"That'll be $50."
"You're back!!"
"when i play my favorite music to my friends"
"slowly he got inside their minds until they all believed they were fish"
"Hardcore level: Popsicle."
"Those Eyes..."
"Cat owners can't even throw their karma away..."
"Romney Ryan ticket ---- Maybe there is something to this!"
"Just Nicolas Cage with Jabba the Hutt"
"NOPE!"
"The cat doing a little planning for the new year"
"This book doesn't say anything about how to kill mockingbirds"
"Good job  Steve"
"Bare Bear will haunt your nightmares"
"Current state of Mobile phones"
"Every five minutes on The Weather Channel"
"Tomato"
"Oh my."
"Just Pure Awesomeness"
"Best. Cosplay. Ever."
"Best. Cosplay. Ever."
"Super cat"
"The most annoying thing to see when your trying to not be productive."
"Boss just thanked me for being so productive this morning. All thanks to this."
"Orange Screen of Death"
"How you can tell 4chan is down..."
"The end of the world- It's upon us"
"Bird Making Pasta"
"Me realizing the ropes around the ring that I am in are made of licorice"
"Me scrolling through the new Xbox Live update"
"Was I the only kid who got upset that this never got eaten?"
"Happy little cat."
"How I feel watching all these fit athletes at the Olympics"
"Via NASA: Star + Black Hole"
"Happy Hippo"
"When My Friend Only Says &quot;ya&quot; Or &quot;nice&quot; In A Text"
"Whenever I am talking to someone online and they stop responding [FIXED]"
"Obama knows how to leave a press conference... like a boss."
"Barcelona"
"Getting my first Upvote"
"Just got back from chasing my neighbors dog  who i'm dogsitting  through the entire neighborhood. Sums up pretty well what it was like."
"I googled &quot;pure awesomeness&quot; and this was the first thing..."
"Good day Mr toadstool"
"Hello Mr.Mushroom!"
"wut."
"Man in Fail"
"Why I'll never be cool.."
"When I learned manatees could weigh over 2 000 pounds..."
"Kitty treats are getting weirder..."
"That's some good shit"
"Truth or Dare? (www.completeyseriouscomics.com)"
"A picture is worth a thousand words"
"YEAAAAAAAAAAAH Flowers!"
"How I feel leaving work Friday night"
"Good morning!"
"Neverending Hulk Hogan."
"Don't make me angry bro!"
"Falcooooon PUNCH!"
"Michael Jackson &amp; Paul McCartney washing dishes"
"Help! I've Been Taken Captive by Sea Horses!"
"Focus level: Korean"
"This photo bomb just went nuclear"
"When I get a single upvote on an obscure reference"
"A semi truck in Washington crashed and spilled fish all over the freeway."
"Gotta cap them all! [x-post /r/gaming]"
"I'm a panda"
"Doughboy!"
"The amount of karma in a thread after Apostolate comments"
"And the damned don't mind no pain"
"mama mia!!"
"How I feel after working the Customer Service desk after a 11 hour...."
"Prohibited"
"And i was all like..."
"Where'd my seat go?"
"This 13 million dollar receipt was found in a cafe with a note on it. Thoughts?"
"Best Cover Letter EVER"
"Dining in high up in New York"
"One of those things that I thought was a plant is now eating the biggest fish in my office tank..."
"One of those things that I thought was a plant is now eating the biggest fish in my office tank... (xpost from wtf)"
"I agree."
"Forget Tasmania... here's a tulip farm in Holland"
"this poor quality baby will forever freak me out"
"Keep sliding away..."
"oooo what's in the box?"
"BERNDERS!"
"Predictions of life in 2001 made by people in the year 1901..."
";P"
"How my mom reacts when I ask her to quit drinking so much.."
"My new sony walkman."
"This guy has a bright future ahead of him"
"Critical Hit!"
"My Dick"
"Lucky russian"
"Wow Obama..."
"How I feel when focusing on my Reddit posts at work."
"Just noticed its my cake day and my summer is almost over..."
"So many awesome helmets and shit."
"And a single fuck was not given... well..."
"Me when i try to pick something up completely Drunk."
"yolo pug"
"Fonts..."
"How do you have friends?"
"The only repost I'll upvote"
"She's not even trying but I still want to play"
"Oh what it's like to be young."
"Finding your new submission from the night prior.."
"There was a FIRE FIGHT!"
"Me  waiting for treesgonewild to explode on 4/20."
"Whenever I see a 2000+ link"
"How I felt when my lesbian sister-in-law asked why homosexuality is wrong to our extremely religious family of 9."
"Jesus:First he nails you THEN he NAILS you!"
"Dealing with annoying people [.gif]"
"Daily Motivational Batman"
"TIL What I look like when I orgasm (fiancee held hand mirror up during sex)"
"Ate at taco bell half an hour ago...I am not a smart man"
"The Romney family misspells their own name in what might be the greatest Freudian slip in US history"
"Even the children understand what they will lose if romney became president."
"Too soon?"
"Sarah Palin  really?"
"Whenever I break down and use a game walkthrough"
"I feel like I've missed something important here...[FIXED]"
"How I feel trying to reach the frontpage."
"Classic Family Guy."
"Try Out My New Box?"
"If Jesus returned today  this is what he'd say..."
"Cheetah Catches Gazelle Ridin' Dirty"
"Baby monkey bottle feeding a baby Tiger"
"It's my real-life cake-day  here's a chimp feeding a baby tiger"
"Little Chimp Bottle Feeding a Little Tiger"
"What is love?"
"Such a useful GIF [Fixed]"
"How I felt when my girlfriend said &quot;Handjobs are easy  it's just like milking a cow.&quot;"
"trying to tell my boss why we shouldn't be friends on facebook"
"You mess with the bull .."
"Meet fluffy"
"I always wanted to see this happening"
"What face do women make when they see your penis? Here's my answer:"
"My diablo 3 inferno tactic."
"We all like to Party Hard!"
"It's Friday!"
"NIEN....Nien...Nien...Nien!"
"When I find an empty roll of wrapping paper"
"Meanwhile  in Asian baseball"
"A drug deal is obviously going on here."
"Ron you little man-whore..."
"Too soon?"
"As a doctor  this is how i feel watching Dr House."
"i wanna meet this guy"
"And here is your tea!"
"Armadillo Lizard [915x686]"
"When girls make a dumbass Facebook status"
"About book introductions"
"This karma gold showed up on my newsfeed."
"Repost!!!!"
"A macro shot of a strawberry which looks like a bunch of pears."
"My ability to even was lost upon looking at this picture."
"Minecraft rage (first)"
"Oh shit..."
"That one guy who complains about lack of homework.."
"I believe I can fall."
"StarFox is DOWN!!"
"25 self-portraits on 25 different drugs"
"I whip my ears back and forth"
"I whip my ears back 'n forth..."
"Plugging things into the imgur url and. . ."
"My favorite prank"
"This makes me laugh every time."
"I Have No Idea What I'm Doing"
"When I think somethings funny  and no one else does"
"OH SHIT..."
"OH SHIT..."
"Play time's over  mother fucker."
"Has science gone too far?"
"How I Feel At The End Of An Argument."
"As a new member  this is how it's been submitting things on Reddit"
"The cutest thing ever!"
"It's hard out here for a kitty...."
"Nothing to see here..."
"Every time I see a repost"
"Just chillin..."
"If Only We Could Find a Way to Keep it This Size"
"Celebrating a year on Reddit  with the manliest of cats"
"He really appreciates the singer..."
"wtf??"
"The traditional  east asian  way to end a press conference."
"This hurts my brain; how is it done?"
"Can you do this?"
"Steve Cathey  a skateboarder  1975"
"4 oclock"
"How I feel about the upcoming election...."
"How I feel when its not my Cake Day and its someone else as."
"How they sharpen pencils at the factory."
"Keep Rollin"
"Not funny but awesome CHECK OUT!"
"It's my Cake Day... Your karma...."
"WTF.... I don't even ...."
"Woah  a bumpy road ahead!"
"Amazing ingenuity!!!"
"More baby quokka!"
"Asiago Plateau  Italy"
"I always get slapped!"
"My first shot at this. I felt.. inspired."
"Is this.. Bread porn?? [sfw]"
"Pug Rocking"
"How I feel on my first cake day"
"A forgotten library. Thought you would enjoy."
"A love story in 22 pictures."
"Did anyone call a plumber?"
"Now the shoe is on the other foot."
"Thanks to the Humble Indie Bundle  I finally got around to playing Amnesia. This is all I've been doing since then..."
"WAR FACE"
"What a bunch of happy campers."
"It's been a long time since I actively wanted a typewriter..."
"Nightmare Fuel."
"The weirdest car crash"
"Pool Rules"
"Jimmy Carr on wife beating."
"Level Level: Level"
"Wu-Tang Clan ain't nothing to F* with"
"Best use of a post it note ever"
"Boink!"
"I'm no longer allowed near my daughter's coloring books."
"run fast .... ooops!!!!!"
"Am i doing this right?"
"Stop 9-11 bulling"
"Sometimes people do post worthwhile things on facebook"
"I want one!!!"
"Mankind's best idea.."
"Last hope for humanity"
"The King of Tacos - Bacon taco"
"Whenever i think i have something good to post on reddit."
"Hey.. Hey you. I heard you like cats."
"The worst type of torture"
"How I felt after installing the Windows 8 consumer preview"
"I can only hope that this is how the admin(s) at FunnyJunk feel(s) today."
"KFC cooked too many hot wings last night. They were practically giving them away. But today..."
"Living in the UK for 1 month  had to try marmite - first bite reaction:"
"Deciding to finally make a Reddit account the night I have to write a huge paper"
"HOW DOES THIS EVEN HAPPEN?"
"I made these wallpapers last night for a friend. Thought you might like them."
"I made these wallpapers last night for a friend. Thought you might like them. [x-post from r/StarWars]"
"Whenever my friends and I ride in my convertible."
"TIL: Eyebrows matter"
"How I leave my last class on Thursday."
"Every time I make a trip to the bathroom at night..."
"Just Three Dudes"
"fight me irl"
"My personal WTF?! NOPE!"
"Meanwhile in Norway"
"Evolution: Life on Earth is one Big Extended Family"
"FOOD FIGHT!"
"This is why I love the Robot Mafia"
"After skipping the first minute of a porn."
"Pretended to be a Republican to date a conservative girl  then being invited to an Ann Coulter book signing for a second date."
"Whenever I fast forward the first 30 seconds of a porno"
"Welcome to australia"
"Destroying N64 Controllers Since... [Fixed]"
"Distorting N64 joysticks since 1998."
"I like to mix it up when browsing Reddit"
"Everyone's a critic"
"The parties over  kids"
"Gets me every time."
"Ent Buddies at a solid [9]"
"Reading trashy gossip blog when BAM!"
"Perry Jrs"
"My news feed always has something strange"
"Nicholas Cat"
"fuck yeah"
"not cool buddy -_-"
"DAMN that bike is fast!"
"I wonder what the story is behind this picture?"
"omg! look at all the cameltoe! (in multitude  at that)"
"To the guy who posted the Australian Synchronized Swimming girls on the front page"
"Sandy is mathematical!"
"Fibonacci sequence in hurricane Sally"
"New version downvote fan"
"When I see someone speeding on the highway on a motorcycle with no helmet on..."
"Nobody at my employer has received a raise in 3 years. This was my reaction as the owner of the company told several of us that he just purchased a beach condo with cash..."
"Nobody at my employer has received a raise in 3 years. This was our reaction as the owner of the company told several of us that he just purchased a beach condo with cash..."
"Listening to my co-workers discuss the evidence that proves the existence of god."
"I have no clue what is going on! (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"What exactly is that suppost to be?"
"Why was she down there in the first place?"
"Do not remove tail."
"Just a pic of Leonard Nimoy and Adam West playing the drums."
"Awwwww cute little girl..."
"80 pound soccer ball"
"FABULOUS!!!"
"Can you tell me how to get the fuck AWAY from Sesame Street? (X-post from r/creepy)"
"QWOP in real life [fixed] I couldn't help myself"
"It Ain't Easy Being White or Brown"
"Shove off Malfoy."
"A total of 0 fucks were given.."
"Not a single fuck was given."
"When my roommate brings a hot girl home"
"This was my history teachers wallpaper."
"I choose you Pikachu Kitty!"
"r/pics did not like my cute kitty"
"When your favorite restaurant announces an all-you-can-eat special."
"My reaction when there was no extra scene during or after the credits of TDKR"
"*This* is a playground? [NSFW]"
"I guess humans aren't the only animals you can make centipedes from"
"Tyrion! Lower those eyebrows!"
"Meow!"
"cant handle the prank"
"ICEBERG  ICEBERG!"
"And this is why Facebook is stupid 90%of the time"
"Good night  sweet Prince (1957-2012) [Hung Wang]"
"If you've never seen a retarded tiger before...here you go"
"I don't think Dr. House means  what the church thinks he means."
"How people react when I tell them I'm from Barbados (I'm white)"
"Mentos and Beer"
"We Need To Talk"
"Phhotobombed by jesus"
"What the British mean..."
"Some hotdogs are just too good!"
"Cutest hot dog I have ever seen"
"That's just wrong (but cute)."
"That's just wrong  (but cute)."
"What I imagine most people do when they browse r/new..."
"How it feels browsing reddit these times"
"Decided to check r/new."
"Freddie Mercury riding Darth Vader [SFW]"
"This is how downvoters operate"
"How I feel when a really good post gets downvoted to Hell"
"How I feel about hearing people bitch about being deployed to Kuwait after two tours in Iraq"
"Scrolling through reddit without having seen The Dark Knight Rises"
"Second Time Voting. To Celebrate  I Give You My Favorite Obama Pic"
"this is the only kind of logic amirite?"
"Imma VP you  girl"
"He's... Well  &quot;Jacking it&quot;"
"Thanks anyway  I think I know how it works."
"Seems Legit."
"Nest bed"
"As a female in the club"
"It doesn't get much more comfy than this."
"I don't know if this is brilliant or disturbing."
"Go Back!"
"The one man to end them all."
"FINISH THEM"
"That must be the explanation"
"Planking Level: U.S. Military"
"I'M ON CRACK!"
"Oh  Bill Cosby  you so wacky."
"Carry me home  mum"
"Perspective"
"The Fastest Sperm"
"sorry if this is a repost but my god does it belong here"
"Shark Attack"
"my 8am class"
"...Paula Deen's face on Katy Perry's body should be even better! (I stopped laughing long enough to finish this.)"
"photobomb level: giraffe"
"For all that is holy why does this always happen to me?"
"How I feel every time I come up with a witty comment to find it posted already"
"What the what? Why?"
"Over 1.4mb?!"
"Times have changed"
"Biggest bitch ever (Fixed)"
"What the Olympics is all about..."
"L.E.D. Zeppelin [x-post from r/funny]"
"what is this  i don't even.."
"Donkey poops cigarette then smoked my horse-man...[gif]"
"Interesting cigarette holder"
"no  no  no  NO"
"Meanwhile in Nebraska..."
"Long time lurker  first time posting  and how I feel about it..."
"How r/WTF feels this morning"
"Next time someone asks you your size"
"I saw this “Sidewalk Ends” sign the other day and it occurred to me that I was obligated to add a sign of my own. R.I.P"
"Tell mama... I love her..."
"Still one of my favorite Gif's - Oprahs Bees"
"For my cakeday. You get my favorite gif  and YOU get my favorite gif! You ALL get my favorite gif!"
"Is there nothing that yakety sax cant make even better..."
"May not be the most original choice of music  but it works."
"fast derivery"
"Not sure if I got this right."
"Eyebrows"
"Go away you stupid dog"
"Stop it Bible  you are drunk"
"When my girlfriend gets her monthly bloodening"
"The Grand Canyon... if the Grand Canyon were a microscopic photo of a fracture in a piece of steel."
"Dirty Lil Fapper!!!"
"I'd pay to watch this."
"One second  just going upstairs..."
"Ghost cat"
"Possibly the coolest/scariest cat .gif I've ever seen."
"Use your brain"
"Sneezes girls reaction"
"Come at me bro!"
"how i act when my boss isn't looking"
"Whenever I get scolded by a higher authority"
"Sea Nuke and Beach"
"An all-too-familiar feeling for him"
"The price is right… BITCH!"
"the price is right  bitch"
"Fucking sex (SFW)"
"Sex  every fucking time"
"She's got some explaining to do."
"What do you mean chocolate milk?!"
"Internet won't be back on at home until Sunday morning."
"Uuuuhhh  smack!"
"This is how I wash my hair"
"Drunk rainbow"
"Nazi Eropop: American South Style"
"this may be done a 1000 times  but banjo hilter sounds better with banjo"
"[FIXED] The guy who brings his guitar to parties to impress females"
"My reaction after receiving a job offer earlier today."
"To battle we ride!"
"WTF? ABC News"
"is it bad that i want that shirt?"
"Ninja Cat"
"Impressionist motto"
"Medieval Avengers (xpost from r/pics)"
"Catnam style"
"Hey  people like what they like"
"People like what they like... I guess"
"Soul-steal immunity"
"A little humor for the day: &quot;And the lord said 'This beer is my body  so put ping pong balls into it'&quot;"
"Right where I want to be [1680x1050]"
"Being cross eyed has some benefits."
"I see what you did there."
"Meanwhile  in Australia...."
"Dear Diary "
"How I feel as liberal in WA right now"
"Note to self"
"Can't tell if the lines are curved or the illusion works"
"Recently married. This is my new motto."
"With a little of this fella on the side"
"Mind=Blown"
"Checkmate  Christians..."
"This is Africa"
"Yeah I guess I'll pass on the cake this time..."
"I think this belongs here"
"A friend and I  at 7-Eleven at a [8] - Imgur"
"Sex Doll Therapy"
"Yeah  I'd confess too."
"View from BurjKhalifa  Dubai"
"When a conservative is spotted on reddit"
"I wanted waffles!"
"If you park like this  fuck you."
"OK  honey. Whatever you say. Sure."
"Oh my god!"
"ASS LADY FUDGE! =O"
"What Would Jesus Drive"
"Haters be hating."
"Japanese squid fishing"
"How we deal with break ups.... If you know what i mean"
"Bendy [gif]"
"got milk? nope."
"My little witch."
"Just realized that today (Sept 5) was Freddie Mercury's Birthday. Here he is with a cat."
"What an asshole."
"FOOTBALL."
"How I felt first day of College..."
"End of the year homework"
"Whenever I see an image post  try and open it and then notice it's hosted by Flickr."
"Pinterest in a nutshell"
"What I think about Halloween costumes"
"My parents insist I should get a job while taking 16 credit hours in college  this is what I send them every time as a reply."
"This is Fred"
"He's pretty excited"
"RedBull gives you Wings. Above and Below you"
"All Inventions are not equally respected."
"Katy as Jane from Daria"
"come come.......Let's play!!!!!!!"
"If you mess with him  you'll have to mess with all of us!"
"Real friends have your back"
"True friends stand by you."
"judo at its finest!"
"what it feels like to finally have a successful post"
"What the fuck is this? And  why?"
"Mmmmm....children"
