"Downvote &quot;Dies Irae&quot;"
"How reddit seems to reacts whenever I share a milestone that I passed"
"How to sing the national anthem at a sporting event."
"Troll Cat: Piracy (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Trollin'"
"Succinct illustration of international relations in the 21st century"
"Ad for removing your Penis (NSFW)"
"my cousin's mutilated aborted baby looks like it's masturbating"
"At least she tried"
"NOT CLEAR"
"If I get any Otter  I'm jumping in there."
"Favorite Rice."
"Man up  Peter."
"Picture taken mid-flight  their faces sya it all"
"Take out your calculators please"
"Such a touching story"
"Anyone remember these delicious beverages?"
"Pushing your friend into the water  Level: 99"
"2 deep 4 u"
"thingken of life."
"My Friend Put His Cat on FB... TOONCES THE DRIVING CAT LIVES!"
"Girl + Piercings + Wolverine obsession = WHAT THE FUCK"
"Dat ass"
"she looks so svelte"
"Ow  my vision."
"Trippy as fuck. [Gif]"
"When I searched for the One Million Moms Facebook page today"
"I swear ill shit in your face if you come any closer!"
"Come at me bro"
"Not quite what I thought I'd be learning in my math class."
"Dog Slap!"
"Keep messing with me bro"
"What I want to do to my friends who have been &quot;friendzoned.&quot;"
"My first time with a girl"
"Star Wars X-wing fighters attacking Death Star tattoo"
"Best possible reaction to the scary maze prank"
"WTF?!?!?!?!?!? taking it too far! haha."
"So I googled &quot;baby sloth&quot; and this came up..."
"I've never laughed so hard at a Calvin and Hobbes parody before."
"Ta-da?"
"There is no explanation for this."
"The cure for Picard's facepalm"
"Back into the bush."
"Whenever I accidentally click a link from r/politics."
"Going back to college after 10 years."
"HIFW I comment on anything to do with God or religion on Reddit"
"How I feel after Reddit points out a grammatical error and the vultures that follow."
"Perfect Aim"
"The first year of this German Shepherd"
"So it has finally come to this."
"I knew it..."
"Figures I would win with this name."
"I thought this was desktop worthy. Until I saw the while dot above the moon...and the two red dots on the mountain. They will forever bug me."
"Not just any plant  but a.. [x-post from r/funny]"
"When ever someone asks me  &quot;What is Skyrim?&quot;"
"Every time a car passes me dangerously and they have a bike rack on the back."
"First time surfing /r/new for more than 30 min…"
"When I see someone repost inside an hour  and still get upvotes."
"Reddit  who is this olympian?!"
"Kitty &lt;3"
"To all hunters who kill animals for food..."
"I don't trust people who don't drink."
"Brilliant marketing  Oprah (x-post from r/Apple)"
"Corgi catching a snowball"
"This was the best analogy I could come up with for how winter arrived today..."
"trying to prove your point  in an argument with a girl"
"When one of my friends admitted to us he &quot;doesn't really like&quot; Game of Thrones..."
"Whenever I try to post to reddit..."
"Paul Ryan wants to stimulate you economically..."
"Don't know who's taking the pictures for NASA  but they're doing a damn fine job."
"Aww  it's so... Cute/Handsome?"
"Dog humping USB....shut up and take my money!"
"dinner for two"
"Lions mane jellyfish  level: nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnope"
"This definitely needs reposting [fixed]"
"When the professor tells me I've produced the best crystals in lab and compliments my skills (x-post from reactiongifs)"
"Somehow I thought insects were smarter than this..."
"Every time I fly a helicopter in Battlefield 3"
"I want to hop on the Scumbag Fat-girl karma train!"
"Nope  you'll never regret that."
"Why? Why would someone do this to his own body?"
"I dare you to blink!"
"that ostrich is actually a damn good skier"
"My first GifSound ! [Fixed]"
"Beauty and Grace"
"I bet you can't explain this."
"I love you  couch."
"Today and &quot;Oh You&quot; comics."
"Rose? - Imgur"
"Pretty Much My Driving Skills"
"she wants to play..."
"Playtime."
"How my girlfriend looks reading 50 Shades of Grey"
"(x-post) My Favorite Green Text."
"HUMAN... STAHP."
"Just a toilet paper roll"
"Soccer Sniper"
"I don't always pose for photos  but when I do  It smells like fighter jets and punching."
"A Genius Idea for Summer Barbecues"
"Agent Orange... Its effects continue to this day"
"Me looking at my Calc test"
"Seen a lot of spider posts today. I want to stay calm and rational  but..."
":("
"Oh god  the irony..."
"not sure if i should post to gifs or wtf"
"Whenever i post my own content"
"Street art in Germany..."
"&quot;I'm happy I cut off my legs&quot; (X-post from r/funny)"
"Marketing vs Reality"
"I see your horse in jeans and raise you a fully clothed donkey"
"is this make me look fat?"
"Look what came in the mail today"
"Can I least pick who the poo comes from or what bird it comes from?"
"Jack's dark chocolate"
"perfect! just the Back to School savings I was looking for"
"God is my Co-Pilot"
"Jesus take the wheel"
"Finding out that I didn't fail my classes"
"The nice  warm feeling when you piss in your own pants."
"Ooh  so sex--WHAAAT DA FUUUCK"
"Well then  didn't see that coming."
"All of the suden the wii looks like a great system..."
"Gooseman is a true hero."
"Parenting-Your Doing It Right (X-post from /r/pics)"
"This happens every time I fail at nofap. NO MORE!!"
"How i laugh at things my co-worker shows me in the internet  that i've saw earlier on reddit."
"Taco Flavored Kisses"
"Just Michael Jackson  two midgets and a bottle of whiskey"
"Instant jew ear fungus?"
"Runny Noses: Explained"
"An Interesting Story"
"The science behind the common head cold."
"Why people get colds?"
"Girlfriend is Prego &lt;3 (xpost from 4chan)"
"Tallahassee has something to say about all this Twinkie news..."
"A new perspective"
"Must suck having a name like that..."
"Atheist 0 Jabba 1"
"Saw this in my FB feed  I don't know what to say"
"X-Wing beard!"
"Almost had it!"
"Can't blame a guy for trying."
"Almost had it!"
"Clever mascot. [Gif]"
"Bro-ba Fett"
"'Tis so true...."
"Journey through the center of the earth"
"Dr. Zoidberg looks different."
"Sand struck by lightning. (Photo by Ken Smith  National Geographic)"
"kinda true...."
"How expensive cats are made"
"Dubai this morning covered in a thick blanket of fog. What a beautiful sight."
"Girl with a Pearl Earring 2012"
"Guys  I think my 'zoom' button in Google maps is broken..."
"Wait.... what??"
"Trolling Level: Expert"
"And not a single fuck was given that day"
"What's on your mind?"
"Humiliation"
"Picture of Cat"
"I hope this motherfucker gets sentenced to life in prison."
"I can't be the only one who died laughing!"
"searched reddits worst nightmare on google images this was the first picture and it made me chuckle"
"Worst Day Ever"
"My reaction to seeing snakes on the front page today."
"Tiny hippo's adventure"
"The Tiny Hippo Story"
"Badass Hippo"
"Ain't nobody.."
"1920's Gaming"
"When there's one piece of bacon left..."
"Don't put away your childish things."
"One time  at bear camp..."
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Come at me...!"
"Akinator knows."
"Cat mustache like a sir"
"That cat surely loves biting on arms   oh wait .. thats a watermelon."
"How the world used to see Bin Laden."
"My first try at the imgur roulette thing."
"Found this while browsing the internet. &quot;Aww&quot;"
"Before Instagram"
"What the US Olympics uniform should have been [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"Me in the morning before my coffee"
"Having dinner outside on a warm Spring night."
"Guy partially streaking during our Homecoming game. (SFW)"
"suprise motherf*cker"
"When I see a Celeb AMA"
"Important to remember going into the future."
"Am I the only person who thinks this is total bullshit?"
"Why I love Penn Jillette"
"Snoop and his twelve apostles"
"my god  it's beautiful"
"A pod of sleeping Sperm Whales."
"To the guy who thinks he graduated at Hogwarts  he should check out Glasgow!"
"Puppies in overalls"
"Oh Penguin  Stop..."
"tiny hippo"
"DUBSTEP BALL in FACE"
"Water balloon exploding on a guy's head in slow motion"
"Ball so hard  motherfuckers wanna find me"
"That's what you get for a short-sighted jump"
"When you ride alone  you ride with hitler"
"Reasons to Save Gas...Level: WWII"
"Texting while driving."
"Gorilla mom does not approve."
"The adults ruin everything"
"Break  break  break  break it down!"
"What started it all."
"I still miss him...."
"Watch out for that croc mate"
"For my real life cake day here is my favorite gif of Steve Irwin"
"Facepalm"
"Polar Bear has got the moves!"
"When someone is over my shoulder when I'm on reddit..."
"How I envision myself if I had cats"
"Funny Captcha Comics"
"Funny captcha comics..."
"She sat on SpongeBob"
"I am never watching Sponge Bob again....."
"Ghetto Kitteh"
"Why?"
"I think Korea might be over-compensating for something with their new 200+ Billion$ city"
"dubstepasaurus"
"Small arms? IDGAF."
"Delicious."
"Isn't that guy the Russian DJ I saw the other day on here?"
"What's going on here... Anyone?"
"Seriously."
"That feel when your first popular submission gets removed...."
"My roomies keep the house at a freezing 72 degrees and our hot water heater broke  this is me right before every shower"
"That's right  run."
"Was not expecting that"
"Magic trick"
"Yep  it's wood."
"When deleting browsing history just isn't good enough"
"How I feel when I submit a post with a grammatical error and no one corrects me."
"Mother of God..."
"Eruption (pic)"
"Squirrel Dance"
"Nightcrawler Lives [gif] - Imgur"
"WT..How the... Oh my god"
"Found out my friend doesn't try clothes on at the store too"
"this is why i always use pen on my engineering exams"
"&quot;Like photographers assembling a portfolio of best shots  astronomers have assembled a new  improved portrait of mankind's deepest-ever view of the universe. Called the eXtreme Deep Field  or XDF  the photo was assembled by combining 10 years of NASA Hubble Space Telescope photographs&quot;"
"Quick! Before the fundies........"
"A long time ago in a galaxy......."
"After coming home from a friends house with cats"
"Massive eyeball (xpost from r/creepy)"
"Apparently  it's ok to have sex with your doppleganger."
"Aldous Huxley vs. George Orwell"
"Huxley was right  and you're proving it right now by clicking this."
"She bites...."
"I'll see your grilled cheese sandwich  and raise you a creepy-ass little girl staring at a grilled cheese sandwich."
"It's Swansons all the way down."
"The Ron Swanson Zone"
"Facebook delivers"
"It is done."
"I heard you like pigs."
"Doesn't matter  had sex!"
"Auschwitz personnel at a weekend retreat  1944. [X-post from r/historyporn]"
"Facebook newsfeed after college"
"Dads Magic Trick"
"Bragging"
"why?"
"Ebony &amp; Ivory: Too tall for the tanning booth? Not a shop."
"Uh dude  you missed a spot..."
"Worst bronzing ever"
"Sorry sir...but I think you missed a spot"
"This was not photoshoped."
"I knew you liked horses......but WTF!"
"This pretty much sums up &quot;bronies&quot;"
"Does this belong here?"
"NPH at his best"
"This is why I love Neil Patrick Harris"
"That's a really cool car"
"This is how my future children will be learning their ABCs."
"Wtf Jesus"
"Everyone should be like Mario"
"I think we could all learn a lesson from him"
"So this is going around Facebook this week."
"Mom  dad  what are you doing?..."
"People Change....."
"When you walk into the bathroom and see that your girlfriend is on her period."
"Walking in to see my girlfriend browsing my internet history"
"Whenever I find any money on the ground that is more than a penny"
"When I posted a comment and realized it was my first cake day!"
"Already at an [8] then my friend packs another bowl."
"Opening the stall to find an unflushed toilet"
"Drinking Game"
"Gnome  gnome  gnome"
"Checkmate"
"Graffiti  whoa."
"She likes to be fed."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Something isn't right about this..."
"Bird Bird after a night of drinking away sorrows. Thanks Mitt..."
"Don't Cover it!"
"Michael Jackson"
"Another cat gif"
"Another cat gif (repost from /r/gifs)"
"Help me."
"Just reached 8 years using steam! How long have you been using it?"
"Silly doggy.."
"My attempts to reach the front page"
"Well  that escalated quickly."
"'Greeley Panorama' from Opportunity's Fifth Martian Winter"
"God Answers Prayers of Paralyzed Little Boy [The Onion]"
"Re-Envisioned Cereal Box Characters"
"Real Life Cereal Characters"
"Socially awkward level infinity."
"I keep a stack of about 50 of these in my glove compartment"
"I know a black guy and this is my favorite picture ever."
"Any Bears fans out there?"
"This Dude's Ankle Better Watch Out"
"The beautiful Anne Hathaway."
"Portable shit dispenser"
"Oh  you replied to one of my comments?"
"Slimy Yet Satisfying [NSFL]"
"My god  why?"
"Wat the fuck"
"/r/Pyongyang Agrees that"
"I never want to be a Social Worker"
"The truth about math"
"It's been raining for a week."
"Spiderman is getting assertive these days"
"For weeks I didn't want to miss my cake day. It's today  and I forgot to find anything to make it worthwhile"
"When I'm home alone watching TV and I hear a noise in my house."
"When I'm home alone watching TV and I hear a noise in my house."
"How it feels to use Sitrep Pro with a decent headset for the first time."
"I CAN OPEN YOUR EYES..."
"I CAN SHOW YOU THE WOOOORRRLLD..."
"This kills the man."
"Close enough."
"When I discreetly take back my upvote after being enlightened by the comments"
"Rawr!"
"South Florida OC. Box Chevy ridin' high. (Yes  there are two subwoofers in the Chevy Box)"
"Sundown Across the Marsh"
"This came out too cute not to share with you..."
"This man has seen things no one should ever have to see"
"CATATATATATATATATAT"
"Jump Around!"
"Poor things have been lied to all along!"
"Look at me! I'm a bird!"
"I must go! My planet needs me!"
"I would have kept it..."
"Found this on google..."
"BMX Special flip  by Special Greg."
"One year on Hormones toady!(MtF) What an incredible year!"
"After one year of work  Dreams do come true!"
"From Male to Female in one year..."
"Jesus. Wat."
"That awkward moment when you get chased by a dead fish"
"Justin Beaver in 2 years"
"after 20 posts and only 6 karma"
"I present to you the new hair style to top all hair styles"
"Mmmmmm..."
"Is that legal?"
"titty kitty [X-post from r/nsfw_gifs]"
"Not what I expected mushroom pizza to be."
"Ben Hill HardCore"
"Pirates of the caribbean motion capture (x-post from r/pics)"
"A Gannet Bird saying NOPE"
"Theres a reason that sign is there"
"Original OAG"
"Sharing is caring  to a point"
"Best drawing tutorial ever"
"Hipster Hitler."
"What snake venom does to blood"
"thought you guys would like this"
"The POTUS playing basketball with some white guys."
"Obama: making old white guys look stupid for trying."
"The POTUS playing basketball"
"In real life"
"Sums up my first post to reddit."
"I think it's been way more than a year"
"The world needs to see this puppy."
"An anon may have found a humanoid"
"&quot;More terrible than anything suffered by any minority in history&quot;  he says."
"I love it when my S/O takes pics of me while I sleep!"
"Caught her dozing off..."
"It must be hard being Scottish."
"How I feel when trying to find something on Netflix."
"Why are people doing this?"
"When I see a bed on display at retail stores with 10 pillows"
"After Penn and Teller reveal how to perform a magic trick"
"Dredd has been beyond The Wall"
"An incredible picture"
"This kid..."
"I'm sorry!"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"The Space Shuttle hitching a ride over Austin  Texas this morning."
"Columbine Senior Class of 1999 (Harris and Klebold in the top left corner)"
"Azn being cute"
"By far  my favorite gif of all time."
"&quot;This is gonna be a great picSHOASGIUBOWHFUCKSHIT&quot;"
"NJ right now"
"Walking Dead Obama victorious!"
"Asia is falling to a new low in messed up entertainment"
"Shoon"
"Zach Galifianakis &amp; Ben Stiller"
"GO GO POWER RANGERS!!!"
"I laugh every time."
"Seems legit."
"I swear this is how 90% of you get your karma"
"School is like a boner..."
"Lunch time"
"How I look while jaywalking."
"Nintendo 3DS Safety Manual"
"How I imagine marriage is after fifty to sixty years."
"Canadians are loose cannons"
"Just settling in for work on Monday morning and..."
"Last time I let my friend babysit..."
"Schadenfreude [gif]"
"An oldie  but goodie... Surely you redditors can relate."
"Baby + First Grapefruit"
"Well that was convenient"
"Love this gif"
"Never forget."
"Got Mithril?"
"No  this is Patrick."
"When I hear a hot girl at a party's been asking about me"
"God dammit Tyrone!"
"Female Assassin"
"Another loss for my childhood"
"Accidentally kissing a girl after she gives you a BJ"
"And it was that moment  Shelly made her move"
"dat veil"
"My friend gave her dog eyebrows."
"High or Suave? Either way  it looks pretty cool"
"Squirrel shaking snow off its face"
"Ahchoo!"
"I just love the thing about otters  is that when they sleep they hold hands so they don't float away from eachother"
"Sea otters hold hands to keep from drifting apart while sleeping. &lt;3"
"i think this is how most people get boats"
"i think this is how most people get boats"
"Everytime I go on the river walk..."
"After making the front page twice in the same week"
"The closer this hurricane gets to my area the more relevant this becomes."
"3rd world Spongebob"
"Wicked Tattoo. I am in awe."
"Google + (x post from /r pics)"
"New Redditors"
"Whaaaa?..."
"There it is..."
"Got this in my email while browsing Reddit....They're onto me...."
"Punctuation is important."
"Hurricane Sandy Style"
"Evacuate  nah  GANGNAM STYLE!"
"Tommy Pickles..."
"Another reason superman is way cooler..."
"Makes me laugh everytime"
"....Maybe?"
"As a European  waiting for the &quot;Dark Knight Rises&quot; to premier next Wednesday  and seeing that a thread is even slightly Batman-related"
"How the fuck did you upload this from an air freshener? [FB]"
"Bert and Ernie 2099"
"Because fuck blankets"
"This show gave me nightmares as a kid."
"Catch the sun...Right..."
"When you try your best and you don't succeed"
"Finally..."
"Caught mid-yawn."
"A honeybee's final sting."
"The Honey Bee's final sting. The bee is stuck by the stinger"
"Introducing the college sophomore meme!"
"MFW someone grabbed my crotch yesterday."
"This is like the time I went to prison except I got brutally gang-raped after they sniffed me. [Repost]"
"DON'T MOVE ... DON'T MOVE!!"
"Well You Could Start Waving After You Won..."
"Bad Parenting"
"Literally... literally?"
"When I'm running late for work and can't find my keys"
"Worst.Blowjob.Ever"
"The inside of a Leatherback's mouth"
"Appalachian State University last night"
"She wins."
"Oops (x-post from /r/funny)"
"One of my friends found this on her desk this semester. Mystery artist finally completed (childhood ;-;)"
"I love you mommy"
"You're doing it right: The Last Airbender"
"I see your cat high five and raise you..."
"I found this while on Google Images  I thought you guys might like it."
"This is what a 60 foot snowfall clearing looks like"
"Canception"
"Meanwhile at Taco Bell"
"some very interesting birds"
"A Double Rainbow!"
"We can't even eat our food in peace anymore  THANKS OBAMA!"
"Harry Balboa is not impressed"
"Whenever I see myself in a shop's mirror..."
"Melting"
"Melting Chocolate"
"Understanding Gwen Stefani's Dance Moves"
"Whenever my Twilight-loving girlfriend said she doesn't like Toy Story"
"Reddit  this was the first WTF image I saw on the internet as a wee derp. To think this made me sick back then..."
"Fonts Matter."
"Moses  stop it!"
"Not funny Moses!"
"Oh my... what an unfortunate web address"
"The world through the eyes of Buster....(xpost r/pics)"
"Haters gonna hate"
"These airplane trails look like a tic-tac-toe game"
"Curiosity's self portrait [FIXED]"
"Curiosity's self portrait"
"The Revolution has begun."
"I fucking love that shit"
"Midget Ninja. What more can i say?"
"What was everybody doing?"
"Alright chums lets do this!"
"Olympic timekeeping"
"Go home bus"
"So true"
"What happens when your pipes rust"
"You're doing great! Good! Fuck.."
"How I feel giving you fuckers an upvote."
"The scariest .gif I've ever seen... Anyone have a backstory on this or original footage?"
"The day I joined reddit"
"My senior quote.."
"Wish I had this..."
"I need this."
"Drop of water in front of a map."
"A map reflected in a single drop of water"
"Drop of water in front of a map."
"How I feel when I'm accused of reposting before verifying my post"
"After a few downvoted posts i feel bad"
"When it comes to creative album titles no one does it quite like this guy"
"When it comes to creative album titles no one does it quite like this guy"
"Deadmau5 New Album Cover"
"So This Exists"
"Jesus tried for the olympic diving squad"
"So  I just saw the new &quot;Twilight&quot; movie..."
"Modern Deadly Sins"
"what logos really mean."
"First time a girl tried to play with my ass during sexy time (SFW)"
"This saturday's &quot;to do&quot; list"
"Found this in the back off my computer. Your call Reddit"
"A sad day to remember"
"Real tired of this..."
"Don't you just hate passing out at parties?"
"Sharpie + Baby."
"Not sure he really wants to be there"
"I don't even..."
"So that's how they make it."
"Looking at the computer screen every time my boss walks by while I'm working."
"Woaaaah"
"Everyone is out partying"
"Evolution"
"Go back!"
"Me  during the last 30 minutes of Dark Knight Rises"
"Stereotyping.."
"If you park like this  you're a dick"
"The Norwegian Prime Minister  Jens Stoltenberg and The Minister of Trade and Industry  Trond Giske out on the road."
"Poor Metapod"
"sandy"
"Wisdom teeth: fine. Appendix: no problem. But this...why!?"
"Pripyat Ukraine  near Chernobyl"
"When I argue"
"How you see Halloween candy after a couple of days of eating the leftovers"
"Found this on the desktop of a school computer. Thank you to whoever brightened this shithole of a day for me."
"I know most of you despise the content from this site. But I found this hilarious."
"4chans take on the bible"
"Here's a lovely slice of wisdom."
"Claptrap the dancing Robot - Borderlands 2"
"Best Sweater Ever!"
"Some men..."
"Ladies  Please"
"The march of tyranny"
"East Side Story"
"Only in Arkansas..."
"Need a ride?"
"Orion in Gas  Dust  and Stars"
"Costume party  anyone? (NSFW)"
"when i decide to look at the comments on a porn video"
"When I ultimately realize the futile reality that most of my guild/clan mates only care about their personal benefit only."
"When I ultimately realize the futile reality that most of my gaming guild/clan mates only care about their personal benefit only."
"Today I walked into my kitchen to find 5 large black men getting their hair cut."
"Arriving at a house party late when everyone's already drunk..."
"Shakesbear"
"I need to stop Google searching shit. How is this a Chimera?"
"When the handicap stall is open."
"Hard decision"
"So I searched &quot;How to get downvoted on Reddit&quot;..."
"Someone tried to tell me that Christianity was villainized in the media."
"whenever someone asks me if I hate cats."
"Caught in the act"
"Trio of pocket hedgehogs"
"It sure feels great when you hand in your last exam on finals week  eh?"
"Bryan Cranston as Uncle Tio  This maybe the best picture ever."
"These guys look familiar"
"Venom"
"Zero fucks were given (x-post/funny)"
"My friend sent his cat"
"how sad"
"What I feel like when hopping into a small pool"
"The 50 Dollar Lesson"
"Ocean City  New Jersey after the first wave of high tide."
"Have a bet with my friends I cant get 200 karma in 2 days. Prove them wrong  reddit?"
"oh yeah oh yea.... HOLYMOTHEROFGOD!"
"Can't go to Dark Knight Rises until next weekend  this is how I envision my task for the next week to avoid spoilers"
"How all of Reddit reacts to a spelling mistake"
"Shuttle  downtown Austin"
"I Don't Even…"
"FTFY - David Bowie VS. Weasels"
"I had to.. re-post from r/funny"
"How does this work? [GIF]"
"Men Being Men"
"Get out of here car  you are drunk"
"♥ We loves one another ♥ ^_^"
"Remember These?"
"An invisible giant stepping on a truck tank!."
"Tank Decompression"
"Stephen Hawking loving life"
"Al Capone's &quot;luxurious&quot; cell at Eastern State Penitentiary"
"I hate when people do this when they talk"
"Nice shirt....douche"
"How I feel everyday at work..."
"Me watching baseball"
"How I feel at the Alchemy Table in Skyrim."
"Played Jamestown today to get the achievement."
"My girlfriend told me to talk dirty to her."
"The last supper  8-bit style"
"The last supper  8-bit style"
"I'm tired of that same old &quot;mind blown&quot; gif from Tim and Eric. Here's my favourite alternative  what are yours?"
"I'd have picked that llama too."
"A dragonfly in the rain"
"Saw this on Facebook.. *facepalm*"
"Meanwhile  in Australia... [FIXED]"
"My favorite pictures from the Obama campaign."
"I'm guessing there were a few injuries from this  and angry parents."
"Come on kids  lets go take a family photo on that bridge!"
"Market flooded today (Charleston  SC)"
"Haters gonna hate"
"So it rained a little in Charleston today..."
"Charleston is known for its wicker baskets and rain..."
"The way things are going  this might be in the wrong subreddit"
"How i feel whenever i accidently open internet explorer"
"Searched Google for 'everyday I'm redditing'. Found this instead."
"Spongeworld"
"LA Spongebob"
"how i feel when my posts get 0 upvotes and 0 likes."
"Searching for funny unicorns  and found Tupacicorn."
"Star Wars - The Original Trilogy"
"In loving memory....."
"Cat mop"
"this basically describes my summer..."
"Because you can't pray this shit into space"
"squinty eye"
"Its been a while.."
"Why males should have sex  or fap."
"Chakkuchakkuchakku"
"Sims Pedophile (x-post from r/gifs)"
"How I feel about reddit"
"But I have things to do tomorrow!"
"Just installed two 12&quot; Subs in my car."
"That would be very  very painful."
"This gets me every time"
"Instant Karma"
"The epitome of badass."
"so I went to this bodybuilding contest..."
"How not to use a falcon to pickup women"
"FALCON PUNCH!"
"Yes  yes  this hurts girls too."
"Amazing animated 3d-gif of IC1396 by J-P Metsävainio (x-post from /r/space)"
"Call of Duty Cat"
"Welcome to America"
"Most WTF gif I've ever seen!"
"Most fucked up thing I've seen in a gif! [x-post form r/WTF]"
"Googled 'Weirdest gif ever'. Nailed it."
"OH SHIT  SHIT"
"Haven't seen TDKR yet so I made my own."
"Shaved Llama?!?"
"Baby Giraffe Kiss"
"Historical figures being silly"
"How I feel after a 5-hour power"
"Dog Jump Fail"
"When I try to wink at a girl"
"How to get free Lunch"
"How to get free Lunch"
"One of the reasons I hate Facebook"
"really bad meme use [fb]"
"Sadly religious people truly think this way."
"Every European/Canadian on Reddit. (OC)"
"Oh Facebook..."
"Just saw this on my FB feed. Are they even trying anymore?"
"Always use protection..."
"How i feel agreeing with someone on reddit"
"Emma Stone's orgasm face"
"One Giant Size Shit Bitch Bear ... yep ..."
"Kitty yawning"
"How I feel not having anything interesting to post on my cake day..."
"The black cat analogy"
"At least chemistry agrees with me..."
"When I was your age  this was the Internet"
"Logging in on cakeday"
"r/funny these days"
"When the OP is being a dick."
"That awkward moment when Mitt Romney's slogan.."
"That's good"
"That's... that's... just terrible!"
"It was a fun birthday party"
"What I feel like when I have been busy at work and look at the clock and see it is 5:00pm."
"As a new redditor getting 100+ karma on a post"
"This is me during Olympics closing ceremony"
"MFW my knight won at Medieval Times"
"MFW I was checking out reddit this morning and realized it was my cake day."
"And this is why i don't trust anyone."
"It's like Scar and Mufasa all over again."
"gooodbye dear !!!"
"Cheap way to put some subs in your car!!!"
"Well this is the best gif I've seen this week!"
"Thank you Based Raptor."
"How I felt Reaching 500 Link Karma"
"All Hail Gabe (x-post from gifsound)"
"I've never been so jealous in my life"
"Because fuck logic"
"I fucked Wall-E"
"Today a giraffe escaped from a circus in Imola (Italy). A pic worth many internets."
"I had a dream  once  that went a little like this"
"It's hunting season!"
"When I noticed that my first comment was downvoted."
"Advertising Fail?"
"Too soon  Bond."
"Awkward Advertisement Placement"
"So it was 007 the whole time ..."
"Sorry  this seat is taken"
"why exactly are there pandas on this plane?"
"Harro Der"
"I've had it with these motherfucking pandas on this motherfucking plane!"
"Found this gem on my facebook feed - This is a real panda  more info in the comments"
"This is a real Panda - more info in the comments"
"May The Woof Be With You"
"Most awesome god ever created!"
"yes....yes you are..."
"So this just popped up on my newsfeed (FB)"
"Muthafucker"
"The best of SURPRISE MUTHAFUCKA."
"If it fits I sits"
"Whenever Adobe needs to update"
"First official image of Wolverine."
"Mine's the driveway that glows  you can't miss it!"
"Bears like to disco too"
"A bear stops fishing to breakout in dance."
"Candles can be lit by their vapor trail (xpost pics)"
"A Twinkie or a Menu in your thumbnail? I ain't even opening it before I do this..."
"What a Fucking Party Today!"
"tough times..."
"Jesus is everywhere"
"Endless power over all creation and this is how Jesus chooses to reveal himself?"
"No matter what kind of mood i'm in  this always makes me laugh"
"How I feel getting my paycheck  reimbursement check  and tax refund all on the same day"
"How I feel after crossing 1 000 karma..."
"How I feel whenever I offer free shipping on eBay"
"How I feel when someone agrees with my comment but then their post gets more upvotes"
"Courage lvl: 6"
"How I like to get down"
"OMGWHATTHEHELLISTHIS"
"My reaction any time I click a link and it's a spider picture.."
"Was It To Sour?"
"Was It To Sour?"
"What's this? Hmm...WTF"
"Me whenever I take tequila shots"
"When my friend told me she got a tattoo of an owl"
"I think we all know this feeling..."
"Do the slender dance!"
"Pickle"
"I thought we might need a visual aid"
"Baby Steve Buscemi"
"I'm lost in his eyes.."
"I don't even.....I don't even know"
"When someone messes with me on Monday @work"
"Master Chief: Gangnam Style"
"Every birthday after your 21st."
"For my first Cakeday  here is a Cakeday cat."
"I figure if I include my cake day and cats  you would be obligated to upvote my blackass"
"Old one  definitely a repost  but one of my favorites"
"That Time of Year Again"
"MFW my &quot;hilarious fart&quot; turns out to be a shart."
"Boring College Class Bingo"
"Screw GPS  this is all I need."
"Sink full of Cats"
"Just a litter of kittens in a sink"
"A happy sink is one that is filled with cats"
"Extreme Sour Lemon"
"Q(''Q)"
"Asshole teacher deserved it."
"Car Problems"
"Greatest play ever."
"After a successful day of karma whoring."
"Featuring Romney as Black Swan"
"How to aim for the front page"
"How I became a violent adult..."
"He can teach you."
"Sexy bear"
"Dip it  dip dip it"
"Stop with the bear. Please stop."
"Necessities"
"Bear Necessities"
"I wish I could hear what he is listening to.."
"With the Lion Head Prometheus Solar Rover re-released I had a go at landing it on Duna"
"oh fuck  oh fuck  oh fuck!"
"How I feel whenever someone's at my door."
"Oh thank God  it's only an alligator."
"What I imagine a reddit meetup is like"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like memes."
"Yo dawg I heard you like Memes"
"Pants on fire"
"Petting Zoo"
"Speedy speed boy"
"Fast and Furious"
"One problem into two."
"praystations"
"Kakslauttanen Igloo Village in Finland"
"Slenderwomen"
"Fucking Wings!"
"Oh hai! (Fox Pup)"
"Who's Line is is Anyway?"
"Why today was chosen as Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day."
"Usain Bolt's Future Descendant."
"There  I fixed it!"
"I'M THE KOOL-AID MAN"
"Caught in a landslide no escape from reality."
"How I feel when playing Team Fortress 2"
"Women's sports can actually be entertaining."
"See.. He was just getting cold and had to put his hood up."
"Fuck the police!"
"How to sit at your computer"
"Brilliant views"
"What happened to this? Alabama won  We're waiting Taylor."
"THUNDERPAW! (x-post from wallpapers)"
"THE THOMCAT SAYS: ♫♪ meow meow meow ♪♫"
"You will never regret watching this gif...it is known."
"This is what I saw at the bus stop this afternoon."
"How I feel on the weekends"
"Exotic Melons [SFW]"
"15 Year old Osama Bin Laden with his family in Dublin."
"This perfectly describes my username."
"Googled Unicorn Cat....I was not disappointed"
"X-files Limbo"
"The cutest sea creature ever. I present to you  the axolotl."
"how I felt after i got out of my last final today"
"After multiple failed submissions to reddit"
"The Explosion! [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"Female tiger shaking herself dry"
"Wet tiger"
"How I bet people feel when they repost and it makes the front page"
"Made a couple years ago  my best freehand pumpkin carving to date."
"Hey there..."
"Niki Minaj"
"Oh god the terror of hotdogs (Amnesia TDD + Hotdog attack)"
"Mind = blown."
"Canada's getting ready for winter."
"My reaction when my friend drops his $8 drink"
"This has sadly happened more than once."
"Abandoned mill in Italy"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Her true form has been revealed"
"I see your deer hoodie  and raise you this"
"Bidoof used Headbutt! It's not very effective..."
"Josh Romney: New"
"Refreshing!"
"Just a whale trying to eat someone on a kayak"
"Lunch Anyone?"
"Meowstep"
"Hardcore Punk Cat"
"Happy Birthday Jack Nichol- oh  okay"
"How I feel as a hockey fan listening to everyone bitch about the NFL."
"Emma Watson to 5 year old boy: Excuse me  are you Harry Potter? That’s great  because I’m Hermonie Granger and we’re best of friends."
"I find this black woman riveting"
"Sup?"
"Thank Gods for locks"
"Duck tape fixes EVERYTHING"
"The epitomal fundie atheist: Brian Griffin"
"Group picture!"
"Perfect timing in Norway"
"Sunrise Reflected in a Bubble  Norway"
"Sleepy kitten"
"This guy got into the garden...but already won my heart."
"What I'm pretty sure my cat thinks he is"
"Gangam Styyyyle"
"How I felt when my ex got a new boyfriend and finally stopped bugging me."
"How I feel after coming home from work and realizing that a post I had made in the morning hit the front page"
"Ring around the....car?"
"I really... Uhm..."
"Explanation Required..."
"Houston  we have a problem"
"BOOP"
"This is probably a repost (definitely a repost) but IMMA BOOP YOUR HEAD!"
"How I feel at work"
"When I hear people laughing in the conference room..."
"There's no way like the American way!"
"I dare you"
"HERES CHARLIEEEEEE!!!!!"
"Reddit's reaction whenever I post anything."
"If you know what I mean."
"Can't Touch this"
"Trolling in Who Wants to be a Millionaire"
"Freshman athletes moved into the dorms early. This sums up the weight room this week."
"So I just went to the gym for the first time in years."
"When I see what somebody did there..."
"Not sure if serious christian  or atheist troll. How to spot one of us..."
"I swear to god I fuck lose it every time I see this gif"
"caaaat people"
"Your modeling misfortune brings us laughter. Thank you."
"Fuck this shit..."
"How it feels to come home from work and see that I didn't get any cakeday karma"
"I can't get a job because I don't have enough experience. I don't have enough experience because I can't get a job."
"This stresses me out"
"My ideal weekday afternoon."
"Was looking for a dog Halloween costume when... why??"
"MRI scan of broccoli"
"MRI scan of broccoli"
"What Hurricane Sandy would look like if it were hitting Europe."
"How Hurricane Sandy would look over Europe"
"WTF is this thing"
"My friend's Mom didn't approve of this for her desktop picture.."
"time out"
"I can't stop staring!"
"Reddit  I give you Garth Vader. Not a repost  just made it."
"When my girlfriend asks if I would stay with her if she got pregnant."
"Life is frustrating"
"What Armageddon will probably look like"
"Don't know the source (x-post from/r/wtf)"
"My girlfriend tried to crack a nut on my coffee table. This is what happened."
"This made me laugh so hard"
"Amazing Idea."
"I'm not a cat. I'm a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle!!"
"A kitty disguised as a basket."
"How I imagine most Redditors are at work"
"Great view  romantic  safe from zombies"
"Battle speed!"
"UFO? Nope. Lenticular Clouds."
"Putin  a man of many talents"
"Honoring the legend"
"Everyday i'm shufflin'"
"Everyday I'm Shufflin'"
"Do the zebra."
"how i prance after scoring"
"Woman's man"
"Pudi zebra"
"50 karma in a day? Calls for a celebration!"
"Everyday I'm shuffling"
"Happened upon this awesome combo purely on accident"
"Reddit is going down tomorrow  at least it's for a good cause."
"Waking up to karma"
"Lost Dawg"
"The definition of fucked"
"Albino Chimp"
"Some dreams do come true."
"Ice Scream"
"Sometimes nature can be violent and I understand that you can't interrupt it when filming... just thought this one went too far."
"If you look closely..."
"The fuck cameraman!!!!"
"Friend is a bartender  got this check back. $138 tab and the &quot;single mom&quot; excuse."
"Am I the only one that thinks this belongs on /r/WTF?"
"Hold on guys! I'm coming!"
"Forever alone .."
"say hello repostenforcer"
"Idaho is bad ass."
"The Circle Of Life"
"Patch of four-leaf clovers"
"My wife asked who I would sleep with if I was still single [Fixed]"
"When I think my next Calculus exam will be easy"
"After spending about 20 minutes in the &quot;back to roots r/wtf&quot;"
"This pretty much sums up a Canadian year."
"Controls must have been inverted"
"Controls must have been inverted"
"Looking through draining oil."
"Looking through draining oil."
"So how was your commute today?"
"Super Antics"
"Need a manicure idea? Why not Zoidberg?"
"So true."
"The Weather Channel every 5 minutes [FIXED]"
"Guys! Guys! iOS6 Maps..."
"Northwest wind lake effect yesterday"
"Today's Blizzard over Michigan"
"I got your back bro"
"My go-to reply for a great post"
"When my girlfriend tries to finish a sentence for me"
"Excuse me  did you see my ball down here?"
"It's too late"
"It's too late"
"So this is how I die."
"This is what nightmares are made of.."
"OAG gets creepy...Nightmares? Check."
"LET ME HEAR YOUR WAR CRY! [0:42]"
"Best Presidential photo ever"
"Scissors"
"Makes Me wish I had a twin."
"All hail Thor!"
"I think Thor is more reliable."
"How it feels on Reddit and not liking cats."
"When I find out I'm paired with a hot girl on a school project"
"Weird chemical reaction"
"Every time I get called on to speak in class"
"Then who the fuck is this?"
"Reward if found."
"Imma cry..."
"How I feel about all the &quot;Googled 'insert clever word here.' Needless to say  I was impressed&quot; posts lately..."
"Guess who's back!!!!!"
"damn girl you are so.... wait a minute."
"Polyatheism"
"Meat-loaf baby"
"I don't normally eat babies...[x-post from r/funny]"
"I've always liked cats  I've always liked beards... I like this."
"Googled god of reddit. Reddit  you never dissapoint me."
"God of reddit."
"Hank Hill on Christian Rock"
"Meanwhile  in Greenland."
"Starry Night  Reimagined"
"Starry Night."
"Oh the Irony"
"Not cool Google."
"I'd like to think I don't have a problem..."
"A big NOPE"
"Does r/aww have enough Slow Lorises? I don't think so."
"Your Daily Slow Loris"
"Yes I did."
"Little Johnny was never seen again.."
"GTFO!"
"train photo shoot."
"This kid feels strongly about those who insult islam..."
"I wasn't talking to you."
"Found out from a friend that Chick-Fil-A managers all over the country were giving homosexual protesters free food...well played...well played."
"I heard we like Origami dragons..."
"Good news  everyone!"
"NOPE"
"You couldn't pay me to do this...."
"Poor Brick."
"Well I guess she proved her wrong."
"The real reason there's no Half Life 3"
"Googled &quot;fat guy with money&quot; and got this. Isn't this Gabe Newell?"
"Pokemon Girls"
"Release my penis (SFW)"
"Kanye would have felt right at home."
"Spoiler: No one finished."
"1938 Phantom Corsair. That's all."
"1938 Phantom Corsair"
"Animorphs."
"Fuck."
"The happiest bunny ever"
"Oh so that's what libraries are used for."
"My postings lately"
"What i imagine people who see my posts do"
"Bill Cosby  they said..."
"Ummmm wrong ball."
"Well this is awkward..."
"Not your normal Trailer Park"
"House tells it like it is."
"Nice Homecoming"
"Reporting For Booty"
"Solo artist"
"Heavenly [1920x1080]"
"HD - Sun and Moon [1920x1080]"
"Was about to go to sleep.. This made me change my mind."
"Ghost in the cemetery - Imgur"
"War is a serious thing... but CAT!"
"Bacon and Eggs"
"Japanese road split in half"
"So i was driving the other day.."
"I was told today that the company I work for are freezing pay.... This is all I could think of!"
"Does anyone know what this is from? Creepy animatronics."
"My eternal repeating nightmare. Please someone get mickey an instrument!"
"My eternal repeating nightmare. Please someone get mickey an instrument! (xpost from r/gif)"
"Freedom of speech should only go so far..."
"What last night could've really used instead of a drinking game."
"What last night could have used instead of a drinking game."
"Looking through my cousin's FB photos  when suddenly;"
"This might be the cutest gif I've ever seen."
"Oh god  get a sense of humor"
"Plugging my phone into the charger right as it's about to die..."
"When my gf's (late) period finally came."
"How I feel as a college student whenever I use my debit card and it works."
"Like Sir's"
"Something seems a little fishy about this..."
"The makings of my nightmares"
"Paris  1895"
"a forced religion."
"When I'm too lazy to name a file"
"Hey man stop it."
"What really happened on 9/11"
"I saw this in r/wtf. Really  really big NOPE"
"I thought you guys would find this quite smashing"
"'The Hobbit' comes out in 24 days"
"Treehouse"
"Treehouse"
"A small collection of babies with beards."
"Is it working yet?"
"He has a point"
"I'll never forget my first steps"
"When I liked a song that came on Pandora and found out it was Nickelback..."
"How fitting."
"All time favorite gif"
"Arrested during haircut"
"Arrested during haircut"
"This man does not f*** around."
"Creepiest Photo bomb"
"This happens more than I'd like to admit"
"This is a repost. Would someone post or message me the original topic that blew up on the front page?"
"Come at me bro"
"Midnight (crosspost from r/pics)"
"Hypno-cat"
"Hypno-cat"
"Looking for a good book?"
"Look at that determination."
"I'll just leave this here"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"Heeeeeeeeeeeeeres Jesus!"
"Jehovah's witness's these days."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Just a boy riding a unicorn bicycle."
"Scenic Redwoods."
"How I feel after another day on reddit"
"New rims O_o"
"This how I roll in them 24's"
"Rim Coaster"
"They see me rolling? Again?"
"Many layered forest scene [gif]"
"Wire/Game of Thrones mash-up"
"Geekiest Your Momma Joke Ever"
"Your fucking mom"
"Can't keep a straight face while looking at this."
"Condensed sulfer burns blue in the crater of the Kawah Ljen volcano - East Java  Indonesia - Imgur"
"Women of the the U.S. Take note  this is what nice girls with nice boobs look like  not big boobs on small girls (note:this is the Aussie synchronised swim team)"
"How I feel after 1 or 2 squats"
"locked and loaded."
"there aren't enough pygmy marmosets on this subreddit..."
"Tard the Grumpy Cat was on CBS 5 News in Phoenix"
"Oh  and fuck you too!"
"Even better"
"Disney already making changes after their Lucasfilm purchase"
"NASA Humor: Attach Orbiter here."
"When you see it"
"I don't know what could possibly explain this"
"When did Facebook become this stupid..."
"FB has spread to the terrorist"
"Reddit's slogan"
"How I feel when my parents tell me to get off Reddit and go outside."
"Eric Forman the original redditor."
"Every time I get a text"
"There's also one that says &quot;DOWNVOTING REPOSTS&quot;"
"Agent Dash's little shout out to Reddit..."
"Good Guy agent Dash"
"LPT: Make brownies in 2 mins in a mug."
"Wow...just wow"
"Story of my life..."
"Is his soul escaping at the end?"
"Dont be harsh on yourself."
"Size comparisons of the different Mars rovers."
"This is how I feel everytime I post in r/funny"
"When 9GAG tries to attack Reddit"
"Derp!"
"I'm a pretty princess."
"The redditor who created this has a real chip on his shoulder"
"I found this piece of garbage on another subreddit (which I still can't tell whether it's satire or not). Anyone want to help me fix it up so it's more realistic?"
"Those damn penguins."
"When  as a Brit who has tasted American Froot Loops  I tried the English kind."
"My favorite unit of measurement..."
"I sell cocaine..."
"Thanks For The Tip..."
"I see what you did there"
"Dance party"
"Let's party rock! NSFW"
"Wilson!"
"Spongebob is hellspawn [X-Post from r/wtf]"
"Reddit  check it out  the chalice of deliciousness!"
"A real pain in the ass."
"If you love Santans... (found on my timeline)"
"I can finally say I found him."
"Carl  have you...?"
"Need a ride? Hop in the other si...NOPE NOPE NOPE!"
"Emergency Defibrillator"
"I know this thing is going to save me"
"Emergency Defibrillator"
"She always does this when I shower (X-post from /r/pics)"
"That ought to show them liberals!"
"Feeling down? Here's a picture of a shaved Llama"
"What people will truly look like after no fap september"
"NOW EAT IT! (x post from r/gaming)"
"Why doesn't stuff like that ever happen to me"
"True Friendship"
"Smashing."
"Just me. Getting it on. [sfw]"
"Just a fox on a tube train"
"Never leave a kid alone with a laptop. (x-post r/ funny)"
"This would be hard."
"Steven Seagal blasts his worst enemies"
"It gets more profound the more you look at it"
"Seriously  Wtf?"
"So I googled &quot;So I googled&quot;"
"Is this man smoking incense cones?"
"The New Yorker (Now Using Apple Maps)"
"Edison's Cradle?"
"light boop"
"WTF poohbear?"
"So I googled eye drops..."
"Whenever I make a comment on Reddit."
"Evlution"
"When someone asks if I can dance"
"One of the coolest things I ever saw. (You have to focus on the black + in the middle)"
"Ladies..."
"Any other 80s babies miss these?"
"I always wanted to do this..."
"What the fuck Simba"
"I present to you the Megan Fox and Shia LaBeouf face swap"
"How I felt returning from a friend's wedding  only to see all the horrible divorce stories on AskReddit today"
"as a black guy  seeing a tasty looking watermelon at a white friend's barbecue."
"Hanging out in space"
"Always good to be nice"
"Thought r/atheism would like this. Rorschach's got it figured out."
"my favorite part of watchmen"
"God doesn't make the world this way... [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"Wise words  Rorschach."
"Claudia Mitchell - first woman to have a bionic arm - a prosthetic limb that she controls with her mind."
"Jellyfish"
"A Connected World"
"Check out this gem I came across while browsing imgur!"
"Have you heard of that Taken movie?"
"Stretching in China"
"Dave Chappelle accurately predicts America's treatment of its first black president (almost a decade ago)."
"Found this on a blog. WARNING NUDITY(ish) AND PERHAPS SCARING FOR LIFE."
"Nudist Family. NSFW?"
"I see your Reagan on a raptor and raise you Abe Lincoln riding a Grizzly"
"Most American picture ever *Fixed*"
"Don't mess with Abraham Lincoln!"
"How I feel as a Muslim recently"
"A graveyard for vehicles highly contaminated by radiation  near the Chernobyl nuclear power plant  seen on Nov. 10  2000"
"Dumb Chicks [.gif gallery]"
"Ain't no party like a panda party cuz a panda party don't stop. Except for nappy time."
"My University's Meme page did me proud with this one"
"Dominos is crowdsourcing the internet to design a pizza delivery car. Why do I feel this will be the end result?"
"Denied"
"Recently killed in action Navy Seal  Jon Tumilson's dog at his funeral (Not Safe For Manly Men)"
"No dying  found in a dumpster  abandoned in the rain  rescued from an engine  nothing. Just two kittens hugging  plain and simple!"
"&quot;When you see it&quot; posts."
"My friends and I in our engineering classes"
"&quot;Just a quick stroll through the park Regenold.&quot;"
"Gorilla warfare"
"Gorilla warfare"
"How I feel throwing my two cents into a conversation about religion (X-post from /r/funny)"
"My favorite piece of fanboy art"
"*twitch*"
"I don't wana disturb  but..."
"What Hitler does on his free time:"
"Ahhhh the merry days of Hitlermas."
"OMG!!"
"First World Kitten Problems"
"How I feel joining reddit... After just adopting 3 Kittens."
"When my grocery store remodels"
"I've been gone for a while"
"After missing the last the last few hours on r/gaming..."
"Having missed America's Presidential debate."
"The weather today"
"I've been in meetings all morning...."
"After missing out on Reddit this morning..."
"Going back to work after a 4 day weekend."
"Come at me!"
"Seems Safe To Me"
"This is how i explain Reddit to newcomers!"
"this guy is a genious"
"Looters spotted in NY as a result of Hurricane Sandy. ~Source unknown"
"You make me angry."
"Everybody is a better dancer in front of their own mirror."
"Spiders Reflection"
"PonPonSpider"
"When I feel a bug on me..."
"I wake up to this view every morning."
"Who else is tormented by these fucking things?"
"Saw this gem on my feed earlier... The misuse of this meme has my head hurting."
"Why would anybody do this?"
"This Swedish McDonalds has a pretty clear employment policy."
"Just Anderson Cooper being a bad ass."
"Afraid of Dying? I'm not."
"Oh  the cries of agony..."
"Bumblebee Cat falls down"
"Visited 4chan on a whim. This was the first thing I clicked on. [gif]"
"I don't even know how to describe this .gif"
"When I was younger I loved this show  consequentially my mother had to stop taking me with her to the grocery."
"FUCKING CRUMBS."
"Fucking accurate"
"Sometimes I wonder if it's even worth it..."
"Let Them Eat Crumbs!!"
"Found this gem today."
"Baby elephants having a wonderful time..."
"The best christmas tree I've ever seen"
"guys are you ready for christmas?"
"A very Aperture Xmas"
"Will you survive?"
"If you survive  where would you go? (portal)"
"Photo of a pilot ejecting seconds before his jet crashes"
"Baby karate"
"Business Cat has a vision"
"For the last time  sir.."
"A Classic! Starring Jennifer Aniston and Matthew Perry"
"I want to watch this so bad."
"Reversible Dog Cat!"
"Church war"
"Neighborhood war"
"Do all dogs go to heaven?"
"How I would love to show my elementary school teachers this..."
"Iron Man Doing His Job"
"This is how I feel when I see an unfunny &quot;relatable&quot; picture."
"To those complaining about South Park memes"
"When I see that my package is out for delivery."
"NO KITTY!"
"Proving Atheists Wrong With Science!"
"Why on earth did I click?"
"Every time I click a link in r/WTF"
"It's my Birthday today."
"Me Gusta"
"Quit it  quit it  quit it..&quot;."
"Oh Steam... Gets me every time!"
"Starry  starry night."
"WTF..."
"Drugs are bad MKay"
"When I see a nice pair of Tits"
"HIF getting 5 upvotes in 5 minutes"
"An accurate  if sad  depiction of my excitement for E3 every year."
"... And people think Americans are bad"
"Meat curtains"
"Fresh Prince of Cincinnati"
"Troll Mickey Mouse"
"Airplane Drag by Army of Dwarfs"
"I present to you: a sleigh team of midgets taxiing an airplane."
"An amazing picture"
"A year on Reddit. So many hours wasted. So many late nights. All for nothing. And yet..."
"Batstache"
"this kid..."
"I mean he's got a point"
"That's one way to keep your pits dry."
"Overcompensating for something?"
"Now  you elevate. [gif]"
"North Dakota: &quot;Come and sleep with our women.&quot;"
"My friend's giant horse cock"
"This Is A Bit Different Then My Horse Back At Home.."
"My friend got his brother a wedding present."
"My friend got his brother a wedding present"
"So my friend got his brother a wedding present."
"America and Canada"
"Ichiro's look of terror"
"Socially awkward Ichiro [x-post from sports]"
"I Has to Toot"
"There are some really lazy journalists in that company"
"About that newspaper. (x-post from r/pics)"
"It's Friday REDDIT"
"Why I insist on putting my toilet paper on the &quot;wrong&quot; way"
"Why I insist on putting my toilet paper on the &quot;wrong&quot; way"
"Having missed my cake day over the weekend..."
"Who's eating who?"
"Where Does Ludacris Have hoes?"
"Do what it takes for my 15 minutes of fame"
"Do what it takes for my 15 minutes of fame"
"A true atheist"
"Father of the year"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"A real life couch potato."
"College"
"Popped up on my news feed today... [fb]"
"John Went"
"Shy walrus is shy"
"searched &quot;r/wtf&quot; and found this. All i can say is  &quot;what the actual fuck?&quot;"
"It's more likely than you think."
"A what in her where?"
"Centipedes? In my vagina?"
"Rock Bottom"
"Spongebob universe"
"Why do you believe in God?"
"Employee of the Month"
"Peek-a-boo"
"How precious!!!"
"Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"This kid knows what's Up"
"How I feel after being on Reddit for a year."
"It's not terrorism..."
"Women are Crazy"
"Trying to read memes from the thumbnail"
"Me after working too much as a grad student."
"Forgot all about this game for a while. Why the hell did they never make a sequel?"
"What can I say? It's my best friend..."
"What can I say? It's my best friend..."
"Oh the things you find on Craigslist..."
"Where'd it go?"
"The longer you stare  the creepier and more confusing it becomes"
"Enjoy trying to sleep tonight..."
"So I found this at my local WalMart..."
"Street View..."
"Street View..."
"Google Maps"
"Why Buddhism is bullshit."
"Saw this in my facebook feed... too far dude  too far! (X-post from /r/WTF)"
"Oh...hooray."
"For my cakeday  I give you the first post that I upvoted"
"This is how gay men see the vagina"
"Looks like it already has.."
"Re: My most stressful moment from childhood"
"When I realized the gimmick to Bean's Quest."
"When the original post and the fixed post are on the same page"
"On this special day  I give you my favorite Gifs on the internet."
"It all makes sense"
"After eating at a fancy restaurant..."
"A thousand words"
"Cave restaurant  Puglia  Italy."
"Inside a Speedboat (Hot chicks inside)"
"This dog"
"KNEEL BEFORE YOUR GOD"
"Close-up shot of Jupiter"
"Eye of Jupiter [1825x1190]"
"Close up shot of the Eye of Jupiter [1825x1190]"
"Oh.. I get it!"
"When one of my posts makes it to the frontpage"
"The most useful wallpaper ever"
"I've been using this as my background for a while now  helps me get my work done"
"Tuesdays gonna be a hot one..."
"My favorite cartoon"
"It's hard to imagine I used to live like this..."
"Look kind of like an owl?"
"Hula Hoops + coffee = owl"
"Proud Australian! (Not sure if it's been posted before)"
"How it feels to be downvoted on your first Reddit post"
"OCD [PIC]"
"Space Cat"
"Owwww!....Wait is anyone looking??"
"Owww!....Wait is anyone looking??"
"2Bach"
"10 Commandments We Could All Live By"
"Awesome Clock Design"
"The Greatest clock"
"if i fits i... wat?"
"FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY"
"Here I go"
"when I see an OK post with only 1 upvote"
"This is almost the perfect picture."
"Most redditors' experience with no fap february."
"When I enter an AskReddit or relationships thread only to find a teenager thinks they have a problem..."
"I just went on facebook for the first time in months"
"Whenever I walk into a party and my ex is there..."
"going to a party  then realizing there's no alcohol  and my ex is there (Fixed)"
"When I click on a link in a comment and see that its a youtube video"
"every guy needs this....trust me"
"Bane Headphone Impersonations (X-post from /r/Bane)"
"Lawlstika"
"My friend's black lab loves to be picked up."
"WE GET IT!"
"If you don't read the title"
"Life lessons in SLENDER"
"New to Reddit. I don't own a cat and I'm not an atheist. I don't have a cool job and I don't have a girlfriend who makes me cool stuff. I don't smoke weed  I have no awesome photography skills and I don't own Diablo 3."
"Romney Going Gagnam Style"
"Romney Doctorin' the Tardis"
"1954 - Miss Universe Beauty Pageant - Miss New Zealand faints under the hot sun of Long Beach  California. (Thought /OldSchoolCool might like it more than /pics did)"
"How I imagine people on r/WTF"
"I'm in 'new' again... How I feel aimlessly throwing upvotes around."
"This is one badass way to ride the train"
"Modern day Snow White"
"Whats not to love?"
"Police officer getting raped by his horse NSF(W)(L) probably"
"oh oh oh!!"
"Dude...not cool"
"ghillie kitty"
"Is War Always This Fun?"
"how i feel supporting a comment thats been down voted to oblivion"
"Stop my baby!"
"This gifsound happened naturally (was already listening to the song when I saw it). I couldn't stop watching..."
"I see your decomposed cougar....and raise you zombie deer."
"the deer are even coming back to attack!"
"The internet's version of Fuck Da Police"
"But they have nothing but love to give!"
"Faith in humanity: Restored."
"Why do they hate them so much?"
"The internet feels very negative about 4chan"
"I'm pretty sure this is an obvious troll.. If not  then god have mercy on her soul. She is one piece of work ."
"When I get to the top of a roller coaster"
"Staying up with the times"
"Every saturday."
"Oh  mercy me!"
"Hide Yo' Kids Hide Yo' Wife"
"I know that smell... (sorry for the shitty quality)"
"Not a good idea."
"This Is why I'm afraid of the dentist  mom"
"OAG of the 90s"
"This needs to be in the appropriate sub-reddit (X-Post from r/funny)"
"I didn't want to repost but  is there any chance someone can edit this so  &quot;OP&quot; is on the girl's shirt?"
"What happens when you pirate your music"
"...After 2am burritos."
"Chimps are Strong"
"Your foot and your hand are hardwired together."
"The Overly Attached Girlfriend that started it all"
"I love you."
"Who doesn't care about Apostolate?"
"What the world needs now is love  sweet love. No  not just for some but for..."
"Erupting Volcano Anak Krakatau"
"A nearly extinct type of strawberry is now being marketed in Europe. It is white in color and has deep-set red seeds. It tastes like a pineapple... so they call it a Pineberry."
"When my gf tells me she needs to poop"
"What the actual fuck"
"Oreoquanda"
"I joined reddit one year ago and there is a slice of pie next to my name  so here is my favorite gif ever."
"Baby Instructions (x-post /r/predaddit)"
"We're on a boat"
"I found my new favourite .gif last week. With every viewing you see something new and wonderful!"
"Lick Lick Lick [Fixed]"
"Jeremy Renner = Tard"
"Strippers  JFK and Stalin"
"commas are important. possibly [nsfw] for drawn titties with tassles."
"Why I still use the Oxford Comma [Fixed]"
"Just a gif I stumbled across while working on one of the school's computers."
"After page 3 of /r/gonewild"
"When my friends and I walk into an all you can eat sushi restaurant  this is what the waiters must think..."
"It's almost November..."
"How I feel living in Texas right now."
"First Day of Summer"
"How I feel on facebook today with the Higgs Boson discovery."
"What is that rumble I hear in the distance?"
"To sum things up..."
"US-Mexico border"
"US and Mexico's Border"
"Swag Activated"
"You Ready For This?"
"Trippy"
"T as in Pterodactyl"
"I came across this distinguished gentleman over by the subreddit r/aww. What say you  fellows? Yay or nay?"
"Technology has come so far."
"Look what I found in box at the dump for free never used gift from my brother in Iraq."
"First thing I thought of"
"*Clap* *Clap* *Clap*"
"I would just like to remind everyone of this great quote and to stick up for yourselves out there  too few people will do it for you. Don't let yourself be your biggest obstacle."
"Bertrand Russel on fanaticism and wisdom"
"Bertrand Russell"
"Just made this  can think of an infinite number of scenarios for it"
"Just finished replaying Half-Life. Love the game. Hate the 'slippery' controls. This is how I finished."
"I think this is my new favourite picture on the internet."
"The story of SHE"
"Toad with parasite inside of eye."
"Parasite in Frogs Eye"
"not a bad gif..."
"Good news you have been healed by your family's prayers (x-post from r/funny)"
"Me when my roommates are watching UFC in the middle of the night..."
"When a post I downvoted makes it to the front page"
"How I feel when I see a TIL submission on the frontpage which I already knew."
"I introduced a friend to reddit and he has surpassed me in karma. This is how I feel."
"Just a kitten in some snow..."
"Snow Kitten"
"Well... most of us."
"How I feel when a friend tries to act out a meme I've never seen."
"Vegan?"
"You Spin Me Right Round Baby Right Round...[xpost-funny]"
"OMG Summer Sale is canceled!"
"Pretty accurate tattoo [NSFL]"
"As advertised."
"Poppins Magic"
"The many faces of Christian Bale"
"Christian Bale."
"How I introduce my cats to my friends"
"How I imagine most redditors"
"Bloomberg's idea of what Obama will look like after the next 4 years."
"And nobody even remembers opera anymore..."
"Lick (pic)"
"56 Years Of Tornado Tracks In America"
"Now all of this fits in your pocket"
"Meanwhile at the Viagra Laboratory..."
"Preview of No Fap September after 2 weeks"
"Subtle Pick Up Line"
"Do I give this book to my cat or my girlfriend?"
"When I heard Community was coming back on the air.."
"At least my Chemistry teacher has a sense of humor!"
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"
"Of all the things you can do while not wearing pants..."
"When I think I make a good post."
"Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!"
"I won't have my daughter bringing a black man into this house..."
"Boris you legend!"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this."
"Military statistics graffiti"
"Dear Raising Cane's -- I don't think that phrase means what you think it means"
"Have a good day"
"How I feel when my teachers call me a prodigy"
"Every Recorded Hurricane on One Map!"
"World map shows every hurricane in recorded history (Hi Resolution)"
"Perspective"
"You think YOU have a pest problem?"
"Coconut crab"
"Let's jump at the same time and take a photo!"
"Last year  the entire staff of my middle school dressed up as the characters from Harry Potter. This year  they dressed up as the characters from Star Wars!"
"And yet no Kenobi facepalm..."
"Kisses"
"I have a friend who wears those shirts ALL THE TIME!"
"Every time my ex tries to talk to me.."
"The best dog you'll see all day"
"I'd do the same thing"
"No sense needed"
"A Lannister always pays his debts."
"Found this on my newsfeed. As a ginger I'm a little disappointed."
"Factory Fume  Leaf Art!"
"Stop it  it tickles!"
"I'm sure he'd have been a Redditor too.."
"Thank you for telling me that...."
"Curious George"
"Cousin gave out his phone number on Facebook... (x-post from r/cats)"
"Found this on Facebook asking for likes. Is it real?"
"Found on my fb with a caption of  '10 000 likes = 1 prayer'"
"I love this picture."
"Please be gentle..."
"The Dark Knight(and other medieval themed Batman characters) by Igor Kieryluk"
"Wearing my mom's sunglasses as a kid"
"Fabulous!"
"I believe he is the table"
"My friend just posted a picture of her new puppy. Can't unsee..."
"Another successful rocket launch by North Korea."
"N.Korea rocket launch sequence yesterday [SFW]"
"caterpillar up close"
"When the Professor tells the pretentious douche in the front row that his answer is wrong."
"The quintessential reddit .gif"
"Someone is a little obsessed"
"Did someone say safety first?"
"My experience with porn [SFW]"
"Me when I realize I went into the bathroom without my phone"
"The weather is great today and I have wireless"
"Dual income no kids. DINK"
"&quot;She should keep the chips and dip coming.&quot;"
"Whenever I try to make someone flinch"
"After Kobe's recent retirement news  let's take a look at one of his most gangsta moments."
"Old WTF is still WTF !"
"Saw this on 'funny'  found us in there..."
"Fingernail Length."
"I have no words... [NSFW]"
"How I Feel After Almost 3 Months In a Cast"
"There  Fixed That For You"
"Is this what they mean by 'ethnic cleansing'?"
"That's not right."
"The most inspirational shower accesory - Martin Loofah King"
"mfw I realize I'm drunk"
"You're a handsome man"
"I love the movie Taken."
"5 Simple Steps"
"Water under the bridge...wait."
"Reddit sweatshop."
"You got a cat that mimics you  put your hands up!"
"smoke break in CO"
"After the girl I like leaves my house..."
"Finally at 37 link karma. Feeling good."
"Seduction level: Chocolate Syrup"
"Girls liked this... I can't see why."
"Mosquitos are simple and closed minded."
"Damn right he doesn't!"
"Get ready  its about to rain!"
"Socially Awkward MMORPG"
"What have you done to me  Reddit?"
"I can't be the only one."
"true story..."
"My childhood ruined..."
"How it feels to finish exams .."
"I just got an email saying i may be able to go back to the UK 4 years after returning to Mexico."
"I've always hated this guy."
"When my girlfriend says I should clean my room"
"Up Up and Awaaaay.....D'Oh!!"
"This horse thinks it can fly"
"Firefox has encountered issues with Windows."
"4th of July lightning storm (x-post from r/pics)"
"Googled &quot;World's biggest Lego sculpture&quot;. Uh  what?"
"Why did I watch the full thing??"
"Baatara Gorge Waterfall  Earth"
"So Apple have an unexpected new employee"
"Whenever my OC is down-voted to oblivion"
"What I look like blowing a kiss"
"This Was Taken at a Rave I went to Friday Night"
"A Chicagoan Night"
"Ericsson Globe  Stockholm WCS Starcraft finals."
"just Jesus cleaning his balls"
"I Ain't Going Back to Daycare"
"Lighthouse Guard in France."
"The cuteness...i can't control!"
"decently intimidating.."
"Can anyone explain what this cat is doing and why he's/she's doing it?"
"Internet some things shouldn't be kept....."
"How i feel when no one upvotes my cakeday posts."
"Eagle pushes goat off a cliff"
"Weeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!"
"Frightened cat"
"What I like to think happened when god created me"
"How I felt when I saw Thanos at the end of The Avengers..."
"How I feel on reddit during the superbowl"
"Oh Hipsters!"
"Not a single fuck is given"
"Baby Otters So Cute...."
"Squishy Face"
"Ride the steam wave  ooo shiiit"
"And this is how the world ends."
"Best Facebook Gold I've ever seen"
"Got some Facebook Gold!"
"Cannot unsee!"
"Found this in my news feed  thought it belonged here."
"The scariest thing I've seen  today. . . It's a seemingly bottomless sinkhole in Guatemala."
"Let's hope that THIS look doesn't catch on."
"Just a girl walking her favorite pet!"
"Just a girl walking her favorite pet!"
"First I eat my Snack.."
"Heroic Dog"
"The People of Reddit in one picture"
"FUS RO BACON!"
"Searched &quot;bacon people&quot; - got more than i bargained for.."
"Ah cool a phone in a microwave I wond- OHMYGODWTF!"
"&quot;Wow  that's impressi- NOPE.&quot;"
"I for some reason want some."
"Awh how cute"
"Let me show you the dance of my people"
"Flashing should have a weight limit  and that blonde guy agrees."
"This is the funniest thing I've seen on &quot;The Office&quot;."
"Soooo... This is a real hairstyle"
"trolling my roommates..."
"When I'm out of herb and hear my roommate packing a bowl"
"I laughed to hard at this..."
"He died for our spins"
"Overly Attached Gif"
"Waiting for upvotes"
"Crafty Martians"
"My favorite pic from my old helicopter squadron"
"I want some.. oh god... oh jesus... No!"
"Birthday ruined!"
"If Dr. Seuss had been a bit less subtle"
"Thirsty?"
"I don't even have words  I'm just..."
"Googled &quot;Weird Ass Costumes&quot;. Wasn't disappointed. Umm. A little NSFW."
"&quot;Take your high fives and shove `em up your ass  dog.&quot;"
"Hunter Hunted!!!"
"R2D2 before and after Meth"
"Once? Not even."
"one of my childhood heroes has fallen..."
"Realistic rendering of a Smurf"
"my 11 month old daughter went to see the kangaroos today (x-post from aww)"
"Blue skies.."
"Whenever I look at cultures in a lab..."
"I dont know who you are. But..."
"Rotating bedroom"
"How I feel as a UT fan celebrating my cake day..."
"Well  Shit"
"Almost had it..."
"Nap time"
"the 90s in one photo."
"Sesame Street  Rated R"
"Apparently Russians enjoy their ice cream a bit differently than we do."
"I only know that I want one"
"D'aww. Who wants a fluffy?"
"INCOMING !!!"
"Chalk Zone..."
"88 MILES PER HOUR!"
"3D without glasses!"
"Mind blown  now in 3D"
"Make sure you wrap it up tonight or else..."
"Where baby pumpkins come from"
"Happy birthday?"
"Are we finished with Halloween yet?"
"Hurricane Sandy is kinky"
"Mom takes a load to the face  kid sees it on facebook."
"WTF mom?!?!?"
"How me and my friends felt knowing Toonami is coming back on the 26th."
"Just picked up a H/O of Blue Dream after being dry for a month and learned that frient's parents will be on vacation for 2 weeks starting tomorrow."
"Hunter S. Thompson  Johnny Depp  and John Cusack driving around with a blow up doll."
"Even these can be adorable"
"Iphone 4S VS Iphone 5"
"How I handle the responses in the first few hours of my post"
"Pressing &quot;A&quot; and &quot;J&quot; on Posts"
"Bob Marley made out of Bob Marley CD's mic"
"Pugception"
"Ok  ready? Anddd a 1  and a - Ohhh.. shit. [xpost from r/funny]"
"Dat Ass"
"If Romney did an AMA..."
"Long Exposure Photograph of an Airplane Taking Off"
"Australian model caught distracted in a shoot when the first plane hit."
"Adorable Baby Albino Sea Turtle."
"For my cakeday  my second favorite repost"
"This album is bananas"
"My efforts are futile."
"Slow motion shatter is very satisfying."
"Quick brown fox jumps over lazy dog"
"My current wallpaper."
"Swag {Fixed}"
"Desert Trek [Fixed]"
"A boy who can hear for the first time"
"Run  Mars  RUN!"
"I wonder what he's thinking about."
"Poor smart girls.."
"Marcus Aurelius nails it."
"My argument for when my mom wants me to go to church."
"When someone heats up fish in the microwave at work..."
"Historically hardcore"
"This shouldn't make me laugh this hard"
"The best thing since..."
"I'm breaking up with you."
"Whenever I'm eating sushi and someone else grabs the last piece"
"One of my favorite wallpapers: digital wave"
"I want this"
"All of my guy friends this month"
"how i feel when i post with aspirations to get to the front page"
"Me when I'm fighting with my parents and I curse"
"When I come home to walk my dog"
"My mom's reaction everytime I come home late.."
"Statistics."
"HELLO FRIEND!"
"Scheriously guysch..."
"Otter loves glass (x-post from r/funny)"
"Everytime I wake up in a friday morning!"
"Building The Statue Of Liberty - 1884"
"For my cakeday  here's my favorite aww gif!"
"This still gets me every time."
"Stephen Hawking at the ripe young age of 23"
"Can anyone recognize this genius? (1965)"
"Jake the dog"
"Me when people post their response to a bible quote on Facebook on Reddit."
"When people upvote a repost"
"Out of 100 nobles  99 were impressed."
"My desktop background for may 21"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Words to remember spoken by the first cosmonaut--happy 78th to Yuri Gagarin"
"still my all time favorite wallpaper."
"I'm sure it's been posted before  but my friend showed me this and I fell in love"
"uggghhh why did i drink soo much an smoke soo much"
"I'll take every one you've got"
"This is me when I overhear someone talking about reddit"
"My face when I see a friend of mine talking to his secret crush."
"One little change  and its a whole different picture"
"Canadian Problems."
"A Baby Turtle"
"Baby Turtle chilling out."
"Do you want a flat stomach or soda?"
"I guess the saints don't like Twilight too much."
"Mind=fucked"
"When ever I posted a comment..."
"Every time I click on a r/WTF link by accident."
"I was talking to her  when suddenly..."
"My face when i walked in to my 9 year old brothers room to find him on porn."
"This relationship"
"I find this offensive."
"Can You Make It?"
"Fire safety...."
"The Holy Trinity of Gaming Food"
"Someone make this! (FB newsfeed)"
"Happy birthday you beautiful bastard."
"Don't go!"
"Just got some free computermonitors  look what I accomplished!"
"Mean while at the Dinosaur Museum."
"Mwah"
"The two Cutest Kitties in the World"
"story of my life"
"how does the army name their dogs? 3rd on the left."
"We kill the pacman (edited)"
"Average redditor waiting for that one guy to take a shit"
"Adorable sugar gliders."
"Because Japan."
"When dogs take over the world.."
"How I feel about my cake day when my real life cake day is a week away"
"How I fell being the first one of my friends done with finals."
"Sounds good to me!"
"Looking for wifi at my school and then..."
"my new wifi name"
"My mom insists I change this before &quot;the house gets raided&quot;."
"I see your secret meth lab and raise you this!"
"This recession is really getting out of hand..."
"Dragonfly covered in Sparkling Dew Drops. Credit: David Chambon."
"Politicians."
"Beluga whale uses water gun!"
"Remember me?"
"my face when the bass drops"
"Well  that's terrifying."
"So my brother got a label maker."
"Whenever someone inexplicably hates one of my posts."
"An argument that never made sense to me"
"So Bill Clinton walks into a bar..."
"As a poor grad student  whenever I have company over to my apartment..."
"Cute in the same way Steve Buschemi is"
"What a hoot"
"Abraham Lincoln on Morality"
"This is what it feels like every time i TRY to do something productive."
"That looks completely normal"
"One  two  three  four  I declare a... OH GOD NO"
"...Faygelah?"
"This is how I feel seeing all these Bruce Willis links being such a huge fan of him."
"Just a monkey taking a bath  nothin' much"
"Disco Jesus; seen in a front yard in town."
"I love gravity [NSFW]"
"Bambi and Thumper meet."
"Saw this guy at a concert last night."
"Flame War!!!"
"How to avoid awkward silences"
"Swimming with dogs can sometimes be terrifying"
"upvotes... is he doing it right?"
"Hmm  okay then."
"What my Google+ is like now"
"Meanwhile  on Google+"
"I'm beginning to think this is what Reddit will look like after Skyrim is released"
"I logged into my Myspace account today"
"Whenever I find something I think is funny enough to hit the front page."
"Independence day on reddit for everyone else"
"Went on Google+ today"
"Whenever I submit a pic to /r/funny"
"What it feels like on Thanksgiving night in my college town..."
"I show no mercy in my child development class."
"Out of everything you do for me RES  I love this the most"
"AS REQUESTED: I was a booth babe at E3 last year and met Paul Cristoforo. He gave me an Avengers Controller and added me on Facebook later. We recently had an interesting conversation...(EDIT: Had to block out my name)"
"this food is delicious"
"What I think when people pray"
"Some random lady started yelling at me about bullying some little kid"
"The moment I say something dumb in an argument with my wife"
"Expecting"
"How did this happen?"
"saw this on my facebook feed....."
"Oh  yeah.. uh.. didn't see you there"
"Well... I better take a seat"
"The attitude of every cat...ever."
"Baby  If you were a transformer.. ;)"
"ZZZZ....ZZZZ....ZZZZ!!"
"So Mad!"
"Spread the word for poor Billy &quot;Smiles&quot; Evans! (The people of Steam)"
"What are you going to do  stab me?"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Famous Last Words"
"I guess so."
"Well then"
"Makes me smile"
"I'm not quite sure what to say about this ..."
"Favorite gif ever."
"Never give up on your dreams and you'll go"
"Better not mess with Donald Trump  or else..."
"Got mail delivery failure"
"Summer time in Soviet Russia"
"The meaning of 'Nope' [x-post r/gaming]"
"so I googled stupid bitch"
"Art Students ! (hilarious pictures)"
"TOYS!"
"How to get a ride"
"YOU CANT BREAK MY HEART"
"Whenever i hear someone say &quot;swag forever&quot;"
"Ohmygodwhatisit!?"
"Are we still into hidden doors?"
"My dad is an astronomer who is really fascinated by all current events/cultures/religions/the world  because deep down he knows this is the truth."
"Change this to a female and pretty much the same type of convo with a few co-workers..."
"Fucking Jugglers!"
"Easter Island just became a bit more interesting"
"4 years later out of the blue the ex finally came crawling back saying she made the biggest mistake of her life when she let me go."
"There's Always That One Kid In School..."
"How it looks when my dad tries to impress my friends."
"im pretty gangster myself"
"Yoga dog peeing"
"Freedom."
"Where is my head......?"
"Brilliant packaging."
"I will not be your father"
"STOP JUDAS DAS GAY"
"Old but Gold (Frankincense  &amp; Myrrh)"
"jesus smells nice"
"soon..."
"Just got the new flavor of Mountain Dew!"
"What those GW people think."
"Terrible Knock Off Toys. I would totally buy these."
"It's not what you think!"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"Man and Nature"
"Anakin  you ARE the father!"
"I can do that too...oh  well  never mind then."
"My heart stopped."
"It's my Reddit Birthday  look at...."
"Nappy time"
"Anyone know why stingrays are evolving legs?"
"Omnomnom"
"I have so many questions... [NSFW]"
"Milky Way Over piton de l'eau"
"Hello there!"
"Photoshop win"
"When I have a kid  I'm getting one of these..."
"Skillful taxidermy. You almost can't see the nail that holds it on the fence."
"To sleep and protect?"
"Can't believe how hard I laughed at this one"
"Just riding"
"I was doing laundry and all my socks matched up"
"That Sick Bastard"
"how I feel when I post something I didn't know was a repost and get hate for it..."
"Just New York's Manhattan"
"Some kids are just awesome without trying (xpost from r/pics)"
"Proud Pete"
"Liu Kang it's against skating"
"Trying to get to the front page"
"Returning home  after 4 days with my family."
"How I deal with my girlfriend leaving town..."
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is what most of us will look like tomorrow [FIXED][Probably NSFW]"
"October 1st fot those who participate in No Fap September"
"What I think of every time a new iPhone is released [Fixed]"
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"Being back home after a month to see your mum has the 50 shades trilogy."
"After reading Tod Akin statements from /r/politics"
"Saw this at Legoland Florida yesterday. Well played Lego designers."
"*I was asked to make this it's own post. StarTrek Proposal [Update]  Patrick Stewart very happy for couple. Fixed!"
"The difference between OK and jail time."
"What a shithead"
"Is This Google+ For Anyone Else?"
"Not sure if good idea or.."
"Wait for it."
"D.A.N.C.E"
"Come on Reddit... COME ON!!! Don't fail me now! [Xpost from /r/FWEPP]"
"The Yukon"
"It just needed this little extra in my opinion."
"I guess they do..."
"First move I whack out at a party."
"meanwhile  at halftime..."
"So close..."
"'A' for effort."
"Almost got there"
"Fat People..."
"Fat People [.gif gallery]"
"Every male that comments on a GW post..."
"My attempt at college thus far..."
"He just caught some serious fail time."
"Oh Abe."
"All you need to know about the election [xpost from r/pics]"
"Seems legit."
"Aww c'mon siri"
"Me neither Siri  me neither."
"Siri might be a guy..."
"I'll never stop searching"
"Because We're Pervs"
"August 4th in 2013..."
"At least Siri likes me."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"I must go now... my people need me [xpost /r/pics]"
"One of my 4th graders showed me this  thought you guys would like it"
"Oh children..."
"Oh good  I was getting hungry..."
"Whenever my dad made food while drunk"
"Steam Sale and my wallet."
"Dinner time! (NSFW)"
"A scene from an age long past."
"Waiting for football to start on Sunday mornings..."
"He's so excited"
"Why don't I own this?"
"Just a mosquito drone equipped with a camera  mic  and syringe"
":)"
"How I feel with everyone yelling about Chick-fil-A on Facebook"
"When Arguing With Creationists..."
"kitten vs pillow"
"that's what you get!"
"&quot;Welocome to church. You won't be needing this!&quot;"
"Nappy roots anybody!?"
"Bad hair day"
"Alien Vs. Predator"
"Wu Tang flan ain't nothin' to fuck with"
"I for one welcome our new monstrous overlords. (Seriously what is that thing?)"
"How to Play Sona"
"How black people must feel about /r/WTF right now."
"I was shopping for cute bras and this popped up... NSFW"
"Simple Simon"
"My guess for the most popular Halloween costume of 2011!"
"Kultur-Terror"
"I'M READDYY TO PARRRTAAAYYY"
"Breaking 100 link karma for the first time"
"When I was given tickets to the Magic Mike Premiere  then the after party with open bar  and strippers"
"I think this is pretty funny"
"You're not the only one.[FB]"
"You're not the only one.[FB]"
"Snape's hobby..."
"So I Google Searched &quot;How to win over a woman&quot;"
"The world needs Radiohead."
"Every time I get notified the email I just opened automatically notifies the sender that I read it."
"Off the Charts!!!"
"There's no shortage of straws on this Capri Sun"
":)"
"This still makes me giggle"
"Just a dude fucking a dolphin..."
"Saddest scene ever"
"So  Santa will be getting new reindeer this year."
"Just turned 20  this is how I feel to no longer be a teen."
"When I randomly get a boner"
"Merry Xtreme-mas!"
"Still best gif ever!"
"How I get ready for the holidays."
"I don't care how many times this has been reposted. It's still my favorite gif ever."
"Im not entirely sure what this is"
"Smokers"
"When I argue even though I know I'm wrong"
"Every argument on the internet"
"it's that time of the year again"
"This is my favorite .gif of all time."
"The Sombrero Galaxy from my 6&quot; Reflector (xpost from r/Astronomy)"
"TOPH: Legacy"
"Can anyone translate or tell me what is going on here? [nsfw]"
"L'enculeur de Mouches  To Be Nitpicky"
"ohh yeaaa !! take that !"
"so i google car fan magazines ..."
"Lolita Slave Toy (Extremely NSFL Content)"
"The more things change  the more they stay the same"
"Time to start the resolution !"
"Crystal Cave  under Skaftafell Glacier  Iceland"
"Underground Crystal"
"Green ranger rules!!! (couldn't think of anything else and I didn't want to put the same thing twice sooo)"
"Rita Repulsa's Gonna Hate"
"And Mother of the Year award goes to ..."
"Oops"
"Michelle just wants to have fun!"
"made this mistake recently like a n00b"
"Please tell me this happens to other people before I lose my shit."
"Their awkward first kiss"
"Oh god why..."
"Mind Blown..."
"Just found out that everyone in my house hold is anti-gay"
"One can only dream..."
"I could watch this for hour's"
"Weather Forecasting Stone..."
"No Hooking!"
"Now You Know"
"The greatest picture taken this year. HANDS DOWN. (monkey warrior)"
"First World Problem"
"Fuck this shit"
"This was in my local pet store. I must abide. (x-post r/funny)"
"this was on my Facebook news feed"
"When I pee on the seat while my girlfriend's in the house."
"Badly stuffed animal"
"Unbroken Seal to a Room within King Tut's Tomb"
"The unbroken seal on King Tut's Tomb"
"whenever girls in my newsfeed complain about boys."
"I have had R.E.S for months and I always right click &quot;open in new tab&quot; for the comments and the links. Just now realized what clicking [l+c] does..."
"My reaction to everthing on April Fools Day."
"What's going through my mind while browsing f7u12"
"When I heard that EA is considering buying steam"
"Is that even real?"
"How I react when I accidentally put Fox News on"
"All you need is love..."
"FIFA 12  you're doing it wrong"
"Mmmm... My new favorite Sushi"
"Animated Graffiti"
"Every damn link in foodporn"
"Queen Elizabeth Lannister"
"Queen Elizabeth  shooting [pic]"
"Fuck You: an interpretive dance"
"Every time I accidentally click a link from /r/trees"
"Everytime my boss wants me to &quot;optimize&quot; some of his old code..."
"So...I found out ANOTHER one of my friends just got engaged"
"Whenever I now see a post mocking Train Simulator 2012."
"When I proven my wife wrong but she still thinks shes right."
"American police officer pepper spray young child."
"Too cute"
"what chu know 'bout HAWK FACE"
"Viewing the guest list for my high school's 5 year reunion"
"Ran into one of these guys today."
"So I heard you like elephants.."
"You want elephant? Here is elephant."
"Happy Birthday to me..."
"Makes perfect sense."
"Party Hard"
"I need to buy 2 of these. Help me find them"
"Cat carrier."
"Speed Dating"
"How dare they"
"1 pentagram pepperoni pizza please"
"This will make you terrified of winter driving"
"I didn't think a car could just explode like this"
"Why are they letting little kids go in there?"
"Disguised weapons (x-post from r/funny)"
"I guess...its something?"
"He's so CUTE"
"How I Roll"
"There is no need to be that worried.."
"No  Iran...."
"Definitely something I need."
"Poopy time!"
"Why can't I think of things like this?"
"I'm no engineer; but  it seems logical."
"More action then I will ever get. (first cake day ever)"
"DAT moment"
"Once you go black"
"The most stressful game I have ever played!"
"Seriously Ubisoft..."
"This makes me rethink my childhood"
"Pretty much sums up the inner struggle I have about some of the porn I watch."
"How you know your cat is a little bit different from the others..."
"I want to suck your blood!"
"Ready For Halloween?"
"Deadly cute..."
"Obama greets White House janitor [Old But Not Forgotten]"
"I walked into the bathroom today to find this. I'm a bit scared."
"What they didn't show in the movie."
"when i accidentally click a nsfl link..."
"My reaction to seeing /r/spacedicks for the first time today."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"To all you haters out there..."
"I do enjoy me some hamburgers! (first post!)"
"Kids these days...What did I just read? (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"Little twist on the Eiffel Tower"
"Saw a buddy take the biggest bong rip ever without coughing."
"me want cookie"
"Superpowers"
"Probably the manliest hot tub in the world"
"Toy Story meets Jurassic Park"
"Taxidermy done right"
"My first reddit post"
"I give you...Jeff Goldblum"
"Dog Lightyear"
"Classic Children's Literature"
"Hitler - A proud woman of color."
"Cat fountain"
"Can someone please make an upvote gif out of this?"
"Just a furry critter with its head in a cup for my reddit birthday. That is all."
"Otterly adorable"
"When I contributed my first comment for today and realized what it was..."
"What are you doing?"
"Synchronized failing"
"Dew and the Dragonfly"
"Best thing I have ever seen on my newsfeed"
"Getting beaten to a chest in Borderlands..."
"Why I beat my dumb wife."
"I usually don't advocate domestic violence. But in this case..."
"When I'm a new parent."
"The danger of text messaging"
"Drunk Spiderman."
"Photoshop in Syria"
"Pretty good example of doing something wrong and knowing about it..."
"I was interested and amazed by our universe and then..."
"Just met this guy setting up 'hipster traps' in NYC  baited with PBR and American Spirits. Awesome work."
"Atelopus frog from Costa Rica."
"Costa Rican Variable Harlequin Toad"
"So I gave my 5 year old cousin a Monster energy drink..."
"Snooki gets pieced"
"Space Shuttle Breaching the Clouds."
"I work in a very stressful environment. This is what calms me down."
"All Hail Hypno Cat"
"Magic Cat!"
"Is he doing it right?"
"When I fall over drunk"
"Seth Rogen gets it"
"War Vet (crosspost from /r/alternativeart)"
"A veteran."
"&quot;THIS&quot;..is the ending that always makes me tear up.."
"&quot;OMG MY FACE IS SO DELICIOUS!&quot;"
"I can lick my nose!"
"I don't even know why I find this hilarious."
"MADNESS"
"How I feel when I downvote a post with 1 karma"
"How I imagine people that downvote comments that already have negative points"
"This maze took seven years to draw"
"stepping on a lego."
"Jehovah versus the Stroke"
"Oh sweet  I love gummy worms."
"Don't you hate when people put stuff on your windshield?"
"Thug Life 4Ever"
"Seeing an ex getting engaged on Facebook"
"wait wut"
"Say cheese!"
"How i feel on my last day of work for 2011"
"Logic...."
"Because the bible says so"
"nerd groove"
"Stephen Merchant as a Kid"
"Mercury (II) Thiocyanate (X-post from chemicalreactiongifs)"
"Mercury and Thiocyanite Reaction"
"Mercury(II)Thiocyanate being heated."
"What kind of sorcery is this? Why can't I reach the food?"
"I... I Don't...Even"
"How I feel when I get one upvote."
"I think this fb trend is starting to go a little too far."
"The first transformer was a box. And an asshole."
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"Meanwhile in Space..."
"My favorite picture from the internet"
"Baby Chipmunk"
"Cute little baby Chipmunk"
"How to Judge Bearded People at Face Value [Fixed]"
"So I sez to da brod..."
"vengeance is near."
"Excuse me Sir  do you know what time it is?"
"Amazing Photos from the first half of 2012"
"Girl scouts"
"Girl scouts"
"Living with two female roommates .. [Fixed]"
"How I see people who view r/GoneWild."
"Sorry  PETA."
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man."
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man.(x post /r/facepalm)"
"Pimp Level: 15"
"Penis vs. Brain"
"I like girls because boobs"
"Someone isn't really gone as long as you remember their hand jobs."
"Black stereotypes. [x-post from /r/imgoingtohellforthis]"
"How does this happen..?"
"Wanna see me do an impression?"
"I was part of the Master Race all along"
"first thing i noticed after watching storage wars"
"This is Reddit."
"story of my reddit life"
"I searched Google for &quot;what is reddit&quot; and this is what came up."
"I must go  my people need me!"
"This is what happens when your tattoo needle goes in too deep and isn't clean. Enjoy gangrene."
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Cat Doesn't Approve"
"I heard you like cranes  so..."
"Looks like my niece will be sleeping soundly for this trip"
"Dude....you sure that was a cigarette?"
"Whenever I click a link labeled nsfl"
"MFW i put cereal in my bowl then realize there's no milk left"
"Still boggle my mind the difference a mustache can make."
"Surfer girl."
"Lost my dawg!!! Please help!!!"
"Found this in the physics department..."
"Forest moonlight"
"Unsure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"You know you're broke when this gives you a boner"
"You know you're unemployed when you'd rather wake up to this than your wife"
"Oh Medicine  you've come so far."
"I care about Apostolate"
"What..."
"I'm gonna be a mighty king  so enemies beware..."
"Me trying to leave reddit to do something productive...."
"So true"
"Hey Finland  Sweden  and South Korea  check out my Italian school lunch"
"Frank the cat"
"So majestic."
"Shaddap you face  Claudio Marchisio."
"Epic Beard Time?"
"I believe I can fly."
"Working for that upvote"
"Whatever it takes to get in shape"
"Come on Rude Boy..."
"I bet he does it everytime too."
"Scumbag Steve playing your games"
"So my mom texts me...."
"Best $50 ever spent..."
"I can't even think of a title. Just WTF"
"​Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"Lava Flow  Kilauea Volcano  Hawaii"
"I make sure to do this every night"
"&quot;Don't move  there's a wasp on you!&quot;"
"It's probably just me"
"Girls might think I'm just busy  but..."
"Only in Texas...."
"Talking to my mum on the phone."
"There is life beyond cell phones."
"HI I'M JESUS CHRIST"
"My mom told me the milk in my cereal had spoiled"
"How I feel reading emails from my supervisor."
"The cat definitely evens out the spider."
"Saw this on facebook earlier."
"A local photographer recently uploaded this... made a little edit for him"
"Oppa Halo Style"
"so true you delicious bastards"
"My first pictrue on reddit (X-post)"
"Too cute for words"
"NO NO NOOOO!"
"Poor Misunderstood Yeti"
"the bible isn't ALL stupid"
"Brunette Beauty"
"DaFaq"
"How I feel when I get a Zynga game request on Facebook"
"When an annoying coworker starts telling you about their weekend"
"They could be doing many things  use your imagination. NSFW?"
"So Close...."
"How i feel while browsing reddit amd imgur decides not to load"
"O lame pun coon"
"I wouldn't mind to working there."
"Socially awkward fist bump"
"Rad SpongeBob shorts... [NSFW/NSFL]"
"Trying to make it to the front page"
"Newly announced feature on the iPhone 5 will revolutionize text messaging forever"
"Googled Pancake Sex O.o"
"Awesome timing photos"
"Elevator then stairs"
"Gary Spivey"
"Anything you say.... sir?"
"Everyone is loving my comments today..."
"Dolphin Missile ready to launch in 3...2...1..."
"Sean Connery  being classy"
"Guard kitty defends his house from all intruders"
"The extinction of the dinosaurs [pic]"
"We NEED a new Facebook"
"Got a chuckle from a simple look to my right. [semi-NSFW]"
"Seapig"
"Evolution's a bitch."
"The dance that goes with any music."
"Killer baby"
"The saddest picture on the internet."
"Diamonds are a girl's best friend. Dogs are a man's best friend."
"Doggies are forever"
"Unfortunate tan lines for Tom Hardy(Bane) on the set of TDKR"
"The best explanation of social media that I believe I've ever seen."
"Social Media explained using Tasty Donuts."
"Hey look guys  it's the Hulk (slightly NSFW)"
"Kathy Griffin Without Makeup"
"How many confused men have they turned away?"
"Not even trying to hide it"
"Looks like I'm getting an old fashioned manicure tomorrow"
"Ohh La Whattttt??"
"What I did at work today"
"As a stay-at-home parent  what I did today now that both kids are in school"
"What my town is famous for..."
"MFW the HALO 2 servers were shut down"
"Unlike Rose  Snorlax can learn Surf..."
"Egypt: the building I thought was in front is actually behind the other one. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Mindblowing x-post from r/pics. View at a 7 or higher  will captivate for +30 seconds"
"Nightbearing"
"For the past 6 years  a German shepherd called Capitán has slept next to the grave of his owner every night at 6pm."
"Dolphin Dive"
"Funniest Goal I've Seen in a Long time"
"The iPhone 5's Success"
"not sure if this guy was unlucky or lucky"
"One of my favorite shows as a kid."
"No PDA!!"
"Hugo Boss badass"
"Did anyone ever finish this game?"
"Won a new Toyoda!"
"Whenever a stranger waves at me"
"Not a single fuck given."
"After figuring out what Reddit likes..."
"My thought while having mashed potatoes with dinner tonight..."
"Abraham Murray"
"I just saw this on 4chan and suddenly my brain WTFd"
"The progression of an eclipse."
"Ultra Downy"
"Walking Home During A Stormy Nights"
"Boulevard of Broken Dreams"
"Cute Dinosaurs!"
"The cutest gif you will have ever seen"
"GAH"
"My baby's bottle is filled with cola in order to ensure his future popularity and happiness"
"Movember Win!"
"When I ask my roommate to get me some toilet paper (gif)"
"Bromance"
"Had me rolling at a [7]"
"sweet set-up"
"Me  and you and Zoboomafoo"
"For anyone who knows something about Irish history"
"SPOILER ALERT: After re-watching The Avengers last night  this released still from Iron Man 3 get's me pretty excited."
"Karmawhores"
"Glock underwater"
"I could look at this cat all fucking day"
"Four Stages of Life..."
"The Democratic and Republican Convention Speakers in &quot;Geek speak&quot; (found on fb)"
"TRON VADER"
"Just got my order from the reddit store[Xpost r/funny]"
"Made in Germany."
"You go  Glenn Coco!"
"Classic /r/wtf"
"Still makes me laugh every time..."
"What did 5 fingers say to the face!"
"How I feel when I come back from the gym"
"He's a little possessive."
"Want to go grab something to eat?"
"Jacob  come back here!"
"This seems like it is a problem for redditors"
"I am too tired...."
"Even Neil has a funny side"
"My new favorite Disney princess"
"Greatest screensaver ever."
"Canadian Football Half Time [Xpost/r/Canada]"
"As a redditor who created their account on &quot;Talk like a pirate&quot; day.."
"At least they give us a fair warning this time"
"I saw the gif  and this was the music I heard. End of story."
"this is the dance I did when reddit came back on"
"3...2...1..."
"How i probably look when i dance drunk or hit on women."
"Dedicated clothing store employee"
"Reminds me of Hogwarts"
"Vego the Purrable"
"Hey pal."
"This zombie doesn't want your brains..."
"Here's a picture of illegal immigrants trying to jump the border"
"It's a serious problem"
"Stevie from Malcolm in the Middle"
"What should I be thinking?"
"Ice crystals in the air creating pillars of light over Jackson  Wyoming"
"bat-cat"
"Must be encapsulated en masse! [xpost r/pokemon]"
"This woman is a bad example  to say the least!"
"my first kitten"
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"Boom"
"Meanwhile in New York"
"what I saw today on the train today  only in New York."
"Perfect Match"
"Breakfast"
"Map: Almost all pre-Civil War slave states went Romney and almost all free states went Obama."
"This black panther looks incredibly awesome."
"Happens only in my country!"
"The effects of inbreeding in animals"
"The definition of &quot;No.&quot;"
"The cloud over Rio this morning.."
"x-post of thin building from /r/mildlyinteresting"
"I found a building that looks really thin when seen from an angle (xpost from r/mildlyinteresting) [PIC]"
"Say what street?"
"In the sky"
"Well  there's two possible answers in my head..."
"I see what you did there"
"They caught Batman..."
"A giant bat captured by the Peruvian Army"
"Spiderman will not..."
"Ooh! So close..."
"Oh deer  you're so gentile.."
"If reddit were to ever open a restaurant chain..."
"Like a sir"
"Am I beautiful yet?"
"A hard lesson learned."
"The fuck?"
"Pablo on Halloween!"
"Baby Haloween Costume?"
"[Request] Can anyone make this 1920x1080?"
"Loving the slime"
"My favorite face-swap."
"People will do anything to capture the perfect family photo."
"I'm not saying it was aliens..."
"Zen and Meow"
"A handful of hedgehogs."
"Googled &quot;baby hippo.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"The Weasleys"
"Boy and his Father Dressed as Vikings - Hogmanay Viking Ceremony in Edinburgh  Scotland"
"#OccupyAmerica1920"
"Sounds about right [x-post from r/historyporn]"
"How I feel after waking up at 7am on Thursday."
"Prohibition March 1920's/30's. X-Post from r/Historyporn"
"Chilling on a hot day..."
"Going to the bathroom after a roadtrip"
"Small  cute  and furry!"
"If at first you don't succeed  try try try try try try"
"When the teacher is coming towards me when I have my phone out."
"I typically don't have any trouble getting into my straps... but every once in a while..."
"Winception."
"Quite Simply: Yes."
"YES SIXTY FOUR"
"When people show me stuff from 9gag.."
"Best typo ever?"
"A typo being rude..."
"How I feel after click all of the blue links in all of the major subreddits  and returning to the front page to find half of them are new blue links."
"When the pimps in the crib  ma..."
"You Wanna Hear My New Pick Up Line?"
"Freddy Mercury had style."
"A picture I found of Stan Lee on wikipedia. Just thought everyone should see it."
"52 foot tall &quot;Big Tex&quot; burning to the ground at the Texas State Fair."
"So THIS happened today at the Texas State Fair ..."
"Tragic day for us Texans"
"... A What Attack???"
"The Legend of Lemongrab"
"Meanwhile  in America..."
"Hoth Freezer"
"A bully called my friends and I &quot;The fruit basket.&quot; We were inspired. Here are our uniforms for our school's dodgeball tournament."
"Effigy of President Obama hanging by a noose  found at a Shell station in Queens  NY."
"It's clear who Shell Mobile wants to win the election..."
"someone on FaceBook snapped a picture of Obama being Lynched"
"Someone on Facebook snapped a picture of Obama hanging Around"
"I guess all his enthusiasm is spent during his show."
"MINE MINE MINE MINE!"
"So I seen this sexy guy"
"I know I know  you're looking at the comb over"
"Nothing happened  nothing at all....Just swimming."
"Head Taped Prank [PIC]"
"Go Cougars!"
"Awesome Cougars"
"How I feel when I order at Starbucks."
"It's all about statistics"
"Star Trek 2013 First Look"
"An Iraqi child  drawing airplanes that are dropping bombs  with a marker taped to his amputated arm. (x-post from /r/MorbidReality)"
"When a typo destroys my entire argumant"
"How I feel with slow internet."
"How to successfully clean a cat."
"Just a cop playing beer pong with my friends"
"how very apt!"
"Amazing watermelon art"
"Amazing watermelon lion"
"One of the coolest melon sculptures I've ever seen!"
"Finally my FB delivers  &quot;Udder Failure&quot;"
"I went to Auschwitz and all I got was..."
"Woah not so fast cleverbot"
"Why Giraffes are better than Elephants."
"Back and Forth"
"Orange County Choppers  in a nutshell"
"Repost"
"Cant get you out of my head [FIXED]"
"Most expensive head on collision ever ?"
"The most expensive head on collision ever?!"
"President Obama meets Mitt Romney's grandson(Fixed)"
"Golden Retriever Puppies"
"What is better than a puppy? A whole heap of them!"
"How I feel after visiting /r/IAMA today"
"Neil Patrick Harris and Stephen Colbert"
"When my cats aren't happy  I'm not happy. Not because I care about their mood but because I know they're just sitting there thinking up ways to get even. Percy Bysshe Shelley-Poet"
"Found this on FB &quot;You can be the hero of your own movie!&quot;"
"Wide Load"
"Oh Look  it's Skyrim!"
"canada represent"
"But I am afraid of spiders."
"Seasons Greetings!"
"Rawr."
"Feeling lucky  punk?"
"If the earth was 10ft closer to the sun..."
"Was walking to my car after class when suddenly..."
"Game of the century"
"Aw  man. Diabetes again?"
"Star Power Lvl 9000!"
"X-Post from r/breakingbad  Bryan Cranston will direct this weeks episode"
"This is what I found when i googled &quot;coughing&quot; . It does look like he is giving an invisible man a BJ."
"Comin' through!"
"The most wonderful time of the year"
"Hey kid!"
"An unfortunately ambiguous headline"
"What the actual fuck?"
"Sarah Silverman Lookalike dancing"
"Captain America's shield"
"Stephen King's take on Twilight and Harry Potter"
"Dress for the job you want  not the job you have."
"My friend takes unconventional engagement photos"
"Old King"
"Laughterhouse"
"So.. Yeah."
"The chancellor of milk."
"This is the picture I had up on my screen when my elderly coworker came up behind me out of the blue. She assumed it was related to the Aurora shooter. [repost]"
"Is that you Will Smith?"
"My friend told me to go to pandafuck.com..."
"After taking a look at r/picsofdeadkids..."
"adventure time  sunset boulevard style"
"Tips on fighting"
"My newer Ladyboner: Kit Harington  or as most of you know him  Jon Snow from Game of Thrones."
"Hole In One... WTF -nsfw"
"We like to party!"
"Bringing you the party"
"A truthful review"
"Anon goes on a school trip"
"Flashbacks"
"Post traumatic stress disorder"
"Has this been done yet?"
"This dog has seen things..."
"I see your halftime spinning leg and raise you a spinning Asian child"
"When I accidentally press shift + X in /r/Pics or /r/Gifs with RES"
"My reaction when I found out my mom was reading 50 Shades of Grey."
"So this is the government's new approach to monitoring us  huh?"
"You are being monitored"
"Hi there!"
"Just a baby seagull  being cute and all."
"Beard Slap"
"Beard slap!"
"You ever been so mad at someone that you had to give them a little tap on the face?"
"Poor kitty has a nightmare."
"Snuggles!"
"This guy"
"When a post has a link that says &quot;this file doesnt exist&quot;"
"An Octopus in Italy"
"Goddamnit Stella"
"I shall play you the song of my people"
"Staring Into Tomorrow."
"Every time I have a discussion with any boss."
"The descent into madness."
"Predator is a dick..."
"Bro  you are a dick."
"How I feel when I get woken up."
"tradition"
"Cat giving a massage"
"After tracking down a movie from my childhood I cam up with this"
"Boat  go home  you're drunk"
"They really need to get working on a sequel to this"
"What about Norway? (IMG)"
"Let us rain some doom down upon the heads of our doomed enemies."
"I think this would make waking up in the morning a lot easier"
"What I'd do to spend even one night in this room.."
"Yeah  fuck everyhting about life."
"Its finally short shorts and yoga pants season"
"Jack Nicholson Does the Creep"
"Bill Bill Bill"
"You want a physicist to speak at your funeral?"
"My New Backround"
"Still my favorite wallpaper on my computer."
"Crosswalk guardians"
"How Reddit Treats Up And Coming Posts. (Crossroad Guardians) [FIXED]"
"Yay!"
"That one upvote after all the downs"
"Swish!"
"&quot;Gaht dammit Jake&quot;"
"Rustled Jimmies"
"meow meowth"
"I saw this on Tumblr and knew I had to share it with Reddit. Gotta catch 'em all!"
"Troll in the making"
"Da Fuq?"
"No wonder this parking spot was available..."
"In a girls' bathroom stall at my university  girls have written about some of their most horrifying life experiences. This week  someone replied. [previously posted in r/pics]"
"Bathroom confessional goes for universal positivity"
"I changed the album art of my sisters favorite album on her laptop."
"When I go to new on reddit"
"When my girlfriend asks me if i was just checking out another girl"
"Willem Dafuq??"
"Illustrated Neil deGrasse Tyson Quote"
"This is why you want to park in the designated lot!"
"Should have parked between the lines"
"Oh so sad"
"WHATTA MAN"
"There are worse things to walk in on than your roommate masturbating."
"Oops  wrong door..."
"Heavy-weight bodybuilder busted sucking a huge dildo"
"Now I can sleep in peace"
"How I felt when my last few submissions bombed."
"Putin is a crab."
"Found this on the Russian side of the internet (X-Post from /r/funny)"
"What I'm afraid will happen if I press F1-F12"
"iPhone 5 Concept  Slider Idea"
"Things get sticky for Obama"
"Ok baby. See you tomorrow. Wear that lingerie again. Oh heeeey...."
"Master of Disguise"
"George Washington"
"True  I wish I could ..."
"I am Pretty Sure This is Something My Ex Would Say"
"the evocative power of a fake movie poster"
"stump chair"
"Parents bought me a chastity suit for my 19 birthday [FIXED]"
"How I view redditors whenever a new meme  joke  or fad comes about"
"Rejoice! It's International Red Panda Day!"
"Humming bird"
"This definitely belongs here"
"aaaand...wifi off"
"Meow the force be with you"
"Everytime I think I finally found something good to post on Reddit"
"Boom"
"Whenever I see an Entry Level job that requires 3-5 years of experience."
"Thought this would be better served here (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Lonely"
"Every time I take in the groceries!"
"One of my favorite face swaps of all time."
"&quot;Don't worry about.&quot;"
"oh four tuna"
"YTMND - Robin Hood Rooster"
"My reaction to seeing someone I knew on r/gonewild!"
"Using your mouth doesn't really help when doing parkour."
"That smirk of satisfaction when your 40-year-old &quot;rejected&quot; theory was just proven."
"Seal with it"
"Promise me you'll do something great."
"Whenever I'm trying to cheer someone up."
"What a creep..."
"Here's Jimmy"
"Penny.......Penny........Penny"
"You home bro?"
"Do you want to be a good photographer? Hit the gym first!"
"He's right!"
"Asians can't have red hair? Think again"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"What I imagine shrooms are like"
"You are not so scary  slendy."
"Morning  Woody!"
"How I feel browsing r/ new for the first time."
"Walking into a dorm bathroom at 3am the first week freshman year"
"Gone but not forgotten..."
"Artic Fox Pup [x-post /r/aww]"
"It's going to be her first smartphone"
"Connect One"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Just saw this on Facebook  the one religion I have always respected a little."
"Reassurance"
"Not going swimming for awhile"
"Wow that this one way to steal and cook a chicken at the same time... [NSFW]"
"Cannot explain"
"Turtle Power!"
"Parenting at its finest"
"Swan dive"
"Father  son  and... elephant. Bonding."
"Wise Words..."
"Morning Glory Clouds"
"When I get called on in class and wasn't paying attention."
"TIL ants are bootylicious"
"Just some ants drinking water.. (x-post from r/images"
"I want to do this every time I see a pun thread."
"Louie."
"What are friends for?"
"Facebook doesn't deliver much  so here's the best I got."
"What is going on here. [FB]"
"Getting over 1000 upvotes on a post."
"How to piss off a bus driver."
"Getting splashed while using the toilet plunger"
"This aquarium is fucking awesome!"
"By that logic"
"This is relevant to my interests."
"Actually this is the best GIF of all time (NSFW)"
"Sometimes I think this is how creationists view evolution. . ."
"I have no witty title for this.. but woah"
"That's no moon"
"That's no fire-pit"
"Jesus Ruins All the Fun..."
"Don't worry  you're gonna luv it."
"Governor Romney  cracking down on outsourcing."
"Romney  Made in China - Obama  Made in USA"
"Most of you won't find it funny and it's really okay because most of you are stupid"
"troll cat"
"Don't worry darling..."
"Anyone have access to &quot;aging&quot; software? I want to know what this chick (dude?) would look like today."
"Impossibru !"
"I can hear this gif"
"Pow! Right in my childhood!"
"Right in the childhood"
"DON'T DO IT PAT!"
"Periodic Table...."
"Sexts in the dark"
":)"
"That neck"
"Dat Neck"
"Final Level"
"When a cop drives by on the 4th of July"
"how I have felt all day"
"When peole complain about my posts being &quot;offensive&quot;"
"How I feel when one of my posts gets quoted on Srs"
"&quot;Hey Janice! I've finally discovered how to sleep with my eyes open!&quot;(x-post r/funny)"
"O.o"
"Not mine  but this is one of the best costumes."
"Dubstep"
"After changing my mind and upvoting someone after downvoting them."
"Where Carl goes at night (x-post from r/funny)"
"The cat made for Reddit."
"At least they're trying"
"PIZZACEPTION."
"Hey Bain  whats going on?"
"Master 1."
"Who?"
"A fantastic anagram on the street. By Micah Lexier and Christian Bok."
"Lumia 920 vs iPhone 5"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"This escalates quickly"
"And then there's this. His name is andy."
"Back to the basics"
"My favorite face swap by far"
"Just realized I missed my cake day. Maybe this guy can score me some belated karma."
"It's my cake day!!"
"How I acknowledged the guy who pulled up next to me at the red light  with the same car."
"Whenever my friend gives me the answer to a homework problem"
"Friend tried to spoil ending of Dark Knight Rises for me..."
"Elevators are for squares  man"
"Facebook Friend tellin' it like it is! (This guy was a Marine Corps sniper  a firefighter  and a paramedic)"
"The Cycle of All On-Line Content.."
"Don't worry! I got this."
"The Best Around"
"I think this guy got it right."
"As a non American  this was all I could take from the debate"
"Some of you are forgetting this. Again: The difference between knowledge and belief."
"Don't fall asleep at parties"
"Parenting Level: -9000"
"BMX tree flip"
"What the hell could lead up to this?"
"From one millionaire to another"
"Are you ready for Black Man &amp; Robin?"
"SKREEEEEEEE!"
"What the...I don't even....why??"
"When you're getting close to the front page. Reddit happens..."
"Somebody's going to hell for this"
"Jimmies across the universe"
"How I feel trying to downvote a popular comment."
"This should fix it"
"Science snuggles"
"Team Evolution"
"Ghostbusters"
"Only one in Captivity  A golden Zebra"
"Ok  the hurricane winds are picking up in VA but I am prepped and ready for any eventuality:"
"The thug life chose me."
"I don't see what is so wei... Ooh... There it is. [NSFW]"
"Dat Candystriper!"
"Dear Mississppi "
"Burrito Bison aka the power of fart"
"Scare the Kids with a Jimmy Savile Pumpkin!"
"The hero Gotham needs."
"NANANANANA"
"Fuck the Police"
"Well  I don't even know what to say to this [NSFW]"
"A gif I found on 4chan"
"Wow. Could this be normal golf-ball behaviour? [gif]"
"Wow. Could this be normal golf-ball behaviour? [gif]"
"pig in a blanket"
"I have absolutely no sympathy for them"
"Accidentally opening an /r/aww link in incognito mode"
"Found this on my friends computer..."
"Cartoon's greatest minds together."
"Someone is about to have a well deserved bad time. (Will update if they find him)"
"Ahh  I'm just a big toasty cinnamon bun"
"Bitch"
"part of body  say it !"
"Elementary School Gambling  circa 1995"
"they put this on the PSN store  but i still want a sequal"
"Baby elephant enjoying a log (x-post from pics)"
"How It Feels To Finally Join Reddit"
"It just wasn't his day"
"So I was reviewing the footage from the camera on my R/C plane when I noticed something strange...."
"I bet Oscar the Grouch is pretty dank..."
"I find this oddly inspirational."
"Baby hippo."
"Smashing (x-post)"
"Linda"
"No idea why this makes me laugh but ..."
"Back to School"
"Back to School..."
"This is going to be an interesting school year.."
"Back to school supplies..."
"My supermarket is excited about the new Dexter too..."
"As a Floridian  this is how I feel about all this hurricane business..."
"Earlier today  my friend asked me what part of the new testament i found unrealistic. My response:"
"I think this belongs here"
"Battling for Karma on r/aww"
"Shut up Shannon.."
"I hate when cashiers make remarks"
"This kid had it goin' on"
"Heading for nowhere"
"easily the most retarded thing I ever saw[FIXED]"
"Number of People Who Give a Fuck"
"slaves for sale"
"Dear America  much love  Australia [Fixed]"
"RIM Jobs"
"The flaw of taking in a stray cat.."
"One hundred and one spots!"
"This came up when I searched &quot;Classy Portrait Reddit&quot; [NSFW]"
"Sigourney Weaver and Jones the cat from Alien (1979)"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Bestcatgif.gif"
"Valentine's Day is Cancelled!"
"Coolest fort ever...even if it didn't last long"
"Beautiful picture of the sunset through a wave."
"How I feel as a christian  non-gamer  who doesnt have pets.....after posting on REDDIT"
"Just imagine..."
"Bitch stole my fish!"
"Shit... what happens next?"
"And Stay Off My Bed!"
"Speak for yourself dude  I am more than happy."
"One of the few good swag posts ive seen (from memebase)"
"I just jazzed in my pants"
"Its shit like this  islamophobes"
"Mother of all morphs"
"Your brain is not ready for this"
"Not one single fuck was given that day."
"My god man  Heffalump country!!"
"The Dark Side of the Pew"
"A striking resemblence"
"Protection"
"BURN IT! BURN IT WITH FIRE!"
"puppy is tired of this blazing Texas heat"
"Dog days of summer in Phoenix"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Every 5 minutes  there's a new one..."
"How I see all hurricane sandy posts"
"How productive i feel working on a saturday"
"Man status: official"
"You tell him  Spidey."
"Dont be a dick Spiderman!"
"After seeing Morena Baccarin nude"
"How I feel when my post dies with only my upvote"
"So I decided to delete my Facebook."
"spend every night here"
"While coding at work today I heard a loud crash  looking outside revealed this..."
"i can't be the only one..."
"Gets me every time...."
"How I feel when I go onto r/lounge"
"Got linked to Paul Robertson's gallery by WTF  figured r/gaming might like this."
"Looking back at one of my favorite games as a kid  I realize how fucking weird this was."
"If you haven't played this game. I suggest you do so."
"Reading the 5 year old child's AMA (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"Atlantic City's The Walk outlets under water from Sandy"
"Freshest Beats"
"Too...Much...Party"
"A Butterfly brings human skull remains to LIFE!"
"Moth Eye"
"When someone corrects something I've said with a lengthy and thought-out rebuttal."
"Explains Reddit perfectly (xpost from r/fallout)"
"reddit in a nutshell..."
"Happy birthday grandpa!"
"I think this belongs here [x-post r/trees]"
"tha fuck..."
"Not a bad job at all."
"I want to get off MR BONES WILD RIDE"
"Biking is fun!"
"How do you plead?"
"Serched Nigel Thornberry and this is what came up"
"Pure  unrefined rage fuel [full Stephen Hawkings Facebook retard contest]"
"Rare pic of Cece Frey from The X Factor"
"Put the handcuffs on me already...."
"John  Ringo  Paul  and George preparing to cross the long and winding (Abbey) road"
"playtime is over... nap time now."
"This is how I lost my 60 HC Barbarian in Act IV Hell."
"Oh god! I can't stop. Help!"
"This comic manages to make animal cruelty seem ok..."
"Wanted to play some Halo  found this."
"So after all the links were purple on the front page  I decided to check out page 2."
"I have a spider in my room  this is how i look right now"
"Hai!"
"This is a bismuth crystal. And yes this is how it forms naturally."
"oh hey it's a cute little hamster...WAT."
"Score one for the little guys!"
"This kitty got swag."
"I am starving."
"Every time I play battletoads."
"Ninja Goat attaaaack!"
"Mother-in-llama."
"Photobomb level = Llamagraphy"
"Pokemon Snap for Wii U  that's what I want to see"
"late  rushing to work in the morning"
"Best drum set ever!"
"Sieg Heil!"
"Welcome to Reddit"
"serious buisness"
"I give up"
"Grumpy Cat Kind of reminds me of this guy.."
"A wise choice."
"A$$ kitty"
"Dat wiggle - Imgur"
"luke i will not be your father."
"Recent studies have linked Type 2 Diabetes with certain bath water"
"Can anyone explain this to me?"
"&quot;Wants a drama-free relationship&quot;"
"Teddy Roosevelt's diary entry from the day his wife Alice died of kidney failure. He never spoke publicly about her again."
"None of them!"
"My reaction when my wife walked in on me browsing gonewild"
"Parallel parking."
"The park ranger said &quot;Follow the sign to the path...&quot;"
"Ready to post !"
"Mind=Fucked"
"Storm winds unearthed something in the yard"
"Ohh you're a purrddyyy kitty!"
"Ffffffffffffffffffff. That is all."
"I found this on my old hard drive. No idea why i had this."
"And this is how we got horses. [Comic]"
"went on Chatroulette for the first time..."
"Oh great.... Ghost Rider is here..."
"My favorite pic of Obama. I like to imagine he's snapping his fingers &amp; singing &quot;In The Still Of The Night.&quot; (xpost from /r/obama)"
"When I give up"
"Multiple exposure photo at Hanover Airport"
"Whenever my posts get no upvotes."
"The African Anti-Rape Condom...ouch"
"Don't hate me."
"&quot;I will get some of that!&quot;"
"Epic T-bag"
"Red pandas!"
"What do you mean I can't walk in the snow?"
"red panda hug"
"So they have a reverse button"
"STOP ENJOYING THINGS"
"When I argue with my girlfriend"
"meanwhile..."
"Not sure if awesome ... or even more awesome."
"Cleveland  we have a problem..."
"They say pets look like their owners"
"First and last day of school"
"Got wasted last night  made a pizza at 5AM. [FIXED]"
"Every Sunday night..."
"Oh no"
"The zelda timeline"
"fun with photoshop"
"My friend Manuel made this of himself. I think it's pure genius. And yes  he is Mexican."
"FACT: Obama Loves Halo (x-post from /r/halo)"
"Yo quiero..."
"Obamamelon"
"&quot;Heads up captain&quot;"
"Star Trek Grunts"
"nope."
"Fight!"
"Have yet to find a song that it doesn't match..."
"i know the panda is already taken... but i found the perfect song..."
"Watch this in combination with any song..."
"We can dance if we want to."
"Panda..."
"If Obama was white."
"After my second beer  on my couch  after work  this is pretty much spot on."
"For those redditors who have seen this everywhere  but have never really seen this guy's eyes. You're welcome."
"When I'm on my way home and my phone battery is at 1%"
"When my friend said &quot;I've seen almost every porn clip on the internet&quot;."
"This always gets me to laugh."
"Heh."
"Having a bad day? nope."
"This puppy's with a baby  puppies love babies"
"Let me in..."
"The Brazilian penis snake (Atretochoana eiselti.) Isn't nature beautiful?"
"The rare Brazilian penis snake."
"FUCK OFF JESUS"
"Gingers and Fellatio"
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"Good guy Canadian clears traffic"
"Pretty sure nobody would be complaining if she'd used googly eyes."
"Landing like a boss"
"Happy Star Wars! [4x Fixed]"
"Obi-Wan and George Michaels"
"Best gif with sound ever"
"he is just so happy"
"Obi Wan wants you to take him on"
"Blast Off!!"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"all i can think about with this ann coulter thing"
"Words to live by."
"Today's my cake day  this is my favorite .gif"
"I make milk  what's your super power?"
"How i feel when i upgrade my internet connection."
"I can fly too."
"Pretty sure this has been posted before  but this is my absolute best ever Ricky Gervais quote"
"typical day browsing r/wtf"
"Grand Canyon lightning storm"
"Equador"
"Haters Gonna Hate (Godzilla style)"
"What do you like most in a woman?"
"That feeling..."
"Oh  Louis"
"A bit of toy history  has been in this guy's aunts backyard for decades (x/post from StarWars)"
"So supportive!"
"I was taking photos in an old train yard when this happened."
"Can anyone verify this is real?"
"Realized I wasn't wearing deodorant after I got to the party"
"It makes sense but...."
"Still my favourite gif"
"Rise of the dead"
"Red speaks out about the YOLO trend"
"Jesus was not a zombie"
"Ignore this just testin an app"
"And we're watching Dumb and Dumber too"
"One does not simply..."
"Why call him God"
"What do they call this?"
"Please  Mr. Frodo!"
"Brace Yourselves  the Train is Leaving"
"Dad  I can't find my LSD"
"There's Dragons In The Kitchen"
"How I feel every Thursday"
"it's thursday  fuck this shit"
"Technology... you're doing it wrong"
"The Macbook Air's best feature"
"At first I was  'aaahhh'  then I was &quot;AAAAAAGGH!&quot;"
"We all know that look..."
"He looks very unhappy"
"There is no turning back"
"2 hours in he started drooling."
"Chicago Grid at Night"
"Why not zoidberg?"
"Damn Australia  you scary."
"Because some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"Man  she didn't age well"
"Dora's fate"
"Male chastity belt"
"Some microscopic critter"
"The secret life of hamsters"
"I fucking love sweeping!!"
"Angry Birds x Star Wars teaser gif from their official tumblr"
"Angry Birds Star Wars; Time for this but not Battle Front 3?"
"Rovio is teasing a possible Star Wars version of Angry Birds!"
"creepy?"
"burrito dog"
"How to play ping pong like a boss"
"R.I.P. Twinkies 1930-2012!"
"Just found this comic."
"Abraham Lincoln portrait  colorized"
"How often do Turtles eat Flowers?"
"Om nom nom turtle!"
"It's a blow to the head !"
"&quot;Mommy where's Daddy?&quot;....&quot;Here son read this.&quot;"
"Baby accidentally everywhere"
"So this popped up on my Facebook feed..."
"James Spader"
"How hitting the random button usually goes."
"When Reddit Attacks"
"thats it you're going down"
"Me so holy."
"How Charles Manson and I feel about reposts..."
"Mount Roraima – Venezuela"
"The Japanese know their target market!"
"Okay"
"McKayla Maroney does the &quot;not impressed&quot; face with Obama"
"McKayla is still not impressed"
"She's not impressed..."
"The president is not impressed"
"Obama and Maroney are not easy to impress."
"Obama is not impressed."
"The mighty ducks have invaded the white house!"
"Obama Is Not Impressed"
"Barack Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed.."
"Whenever my best links get downvoted to oblivion."
"Soon."
"What always happens when I tell a friend a secret..."
"Eating out? (r/funny x-post)"
"Dude had balls."
"I SAID.....GIVE ME ALL YOUR MARBLES!!"
"Every time I try to post."
"As an Atheist  Its ok to have just a LITTLE fun with Religion.(Only game I'm just fine with losing)"
"Im really bad at this game  but I still like my endings to be tragic."
"Neil Armstrong with tears in his eyes right after walking on the moon. RIP to a man who symbolizes the greatness of mankind."
"White People Problems [FIXED]"
"Memory Foam"
"Deer Crawls Through Pet Door"
"I've always loved this quote."
"So Thanksgiving is coming and we all have to deal with uncle Gary"
"Guess he isn't so grumpy after all!"
"I present to you my Unimpressed Grumpy Cat"
"The Grumpy Cat Christmas card I made for my sister"
"After I told my parents I had a minor heart attack at work today. My dad responded with this."
"GIF sound mashup  am I doing this right?"
"Go go go go"
"I thought the thumbnail was WTF  then I seen the bigger version."
"FawwWWWwwwn"
"why yes  this is how small fawns are"
"Burger recipes from Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra."
"Sinatra's 3 step burger"
"REPOST...wait doing what reddit does best"
"My friend and I browsing r/new when suddenly we find a post that doesn't suck."
"Beware of Dog."
"Photographer captures the exact moment three Syrian Rebels are killed by a tank"
"Aurora seen from Space"
"How a sewing machine works."
"This guy looks way too happy.. x/post from r/funny"
"You better not laugh  you better not cry..."
"I found this cutie today in my front yard."
"just an orphaned elephant wearing a coat."
"Rock Pillows!"
"Beautiful picture of the sky shining a lake"
"Took the train today..."
"How I think the rest of the world views Iran's threats to disconnect from the Internet."
"&quot;Oh hey  didn't see you there-&quot; &quot;BLARGGGAAMNOMNOMNOM&quot;"
"Dang. I miss MXC and these guys."
"somebody needs to put these guys back on TV [FIXED]"
"I looked up H1N1 symptoms on Google and found this..."
"This belongs here"
"Why won't you stop moving? You fucker...I'm gonna get you."
"Captain Hook"
"An early Christmas  and some beer pong."
"Mandatory for Seafaring Birds"
"Call J.G. Wentworth"
"The most offensive picture on the Internet"
"I don't know what this is but it's so cute."
"Searched &quot;Dammit  Peach&quot; on Google. Was not disappointed."
"The Bus Knight"
"The Bus Knight"
"X-post from r/funny!"
"The world's smallest man dancing with his cat"
"At the last supper..."
"MRI rose"
"How I feel when I get an upvote."
"How I picture Apple after winning the lawsuit against Samsung [Fixed]"
"What dogs think!"
"Story of my dog's life..."
"Aim and fire!"
"The simple truth."
"Acrobats on the Empire State Building"
"How come he gets the easy one!?"
"Well that sucks (FIXED)"
"Adorable derp."
"Toast! ^^"
"Batman doesn't fuck around."
"Batman does not fuck around."
"Facepalm"
"&quot;We stopped checking for monsters under our beds...&quot; [1200x800]"
"Artist removes the growth rings on trees to reveal what they looked like in their youth"
"Ruthless never looked so cute."
"THIS IS HOW A REAL MAN DOES IT."
"Hero status"
"Blue Glaucus - Just learned of the existence of this animal."
"Space shuttle cresting the clouds"
"The Internet has ruined me"
"Well now i feel more prepared to be a dad!"
"I would get a pet cat in an instant if I could have this little guy in my house"
"What percentage of &quot;Aww&quot; do baby lions get compared to cats ?"
"How I feel on my last day at the job I've held for the past 6 1/2 years."
"From bad to worse in 3 seconds"
"cute awesome penguin!"
"MOTHER OF GOD..."
"Thems some pretty stressful levels [fixed]"
"All I could say was WTF."
"Assassin's Creed Ezio Cosplay Nailed"
"Unexpected aww: A baby jumping spider"
"Sand Magnifiied 250x"
"Frozen lake"
"An unlikely trio found snoozing on a lazy Sunday."
"Dont fuck with me bitch!"
"Whenever I drop the soap in my shower..."
"1893 Square and Stationary Earth Map &quot;...The Bible Map of the World&quot; (x-post r/MapPorn)"
"Yeah  probably..."
"Blink if you want me"
"Screw your &quot;stressful levels&quot;."
"bitch please! High kick Pow!"
"Found this a while back. It's been on my computer ever since. (1920X1080)"
"So Justin Bieber is finally coming to my town."
"Must be one of those zombie raves"
"How I feel after submitting a successful post"
"What an interesting comparison"
"Mindfuck."
"Wat?"
"Karstic peaks at Guilin in China"
"Mind Blown."
"This wood looks terrified"
"Just passing along this helpful Safety Tip!"
"Here's some Facebook WTF regarding the shooting in Colorado. I can't handle the stupid."
"Felt this was necessary (this being the biggest subreddit)"
"Oops! [FB]"
"Would you like those mashed or baked? [FB]"
"Helpful review!"
"Feminism (crosspost from r/wtf)"
"I have no words to describe this..."
"Iron Man 3: Iron Man and War Machine Side-by-Side (New Armor) {Spoilers?}"
"Tony Stark's new suit spotted on 'Iron Man 3' Set in Miami"
"what every AMA is like."
"This is what AMAs are starting to become"
"Hogwarts Winter Talent Show"
"Leader of the Renegade"
"Because I am tempted to do this for my school's Talent Show."
"The power of Gillette!"
"Dusting Rage"
"Obama knows."
"Warning  if you are not ready for children DO NOT watch 3D Porn!!!"
"This is why Clothing in Magazines and Advertisements always looks so good."
"The Secret For Getting Straight A’s"
"To catch a ball"
"Playing chicken at a red light."
"It's hot out (OP clingulst)"
"COD logic"
"Just a Micro-Piglet Hugging a Strawberry..."
"Go Jesus! Go Jesus! Go Jesus!"
"When I found out I am the only guy on my floor in my new dorm."
"YEEEEAH!"
"How I feel getting a Samsung Galaxy s3 the day the Iphone 5 comes out."
"Trying to make the front page."
"Beatles."
"When my leg falls asleep..."
"It's tough being the CEO of Reddit."
"Clever packaging  Japan"
"Memories..."
"Adam Sandler has found the solution."
"Jon Stewart on the Pope getting Twitter."
"Guy tip"
"How High?"
"B-E-A-UTIFUL"
"Future Scumbag Cheater"
"If you having girl problems  I feel bad for you son..."
"So I got to see my brother drive for the first time..."
"When I die the same way twice in a video game"
"How the fuck does this even happen?"
"Suddenly  deer."
"Guys  I finally got invited to a party but..."
"Let us take a moment to pray for the fallen of 9/11. Let us also thank God  our lord and savior  for protecting all of the survivors. God is so good!"
"Optimism"
"Thieft Level: Asian"
"A Woman's Secret"
"I see what you did there Nintendo"
"Over Billions and Billions Served"
"Mcpope"
"Oh YouTube comments"
"I know where I'm eating"
"Eat up"
"I bet they have a nice spread."
"Stephen Hawking  1963"
"Best of a bad paid for photo"
"How I imagine the border of Colorado looks today."
"Mitt Romney (x/post from trees)"
"Mitt Romney."
"For you Zelda fans."
"Jello Orange Gamut"
"Finally found Facebook gold!"
"Special Breakdancing Move"
"How I feel about trees"
"Never gets old."
"i has a bucket"
"End result of my attempt at Slender"
"Googled Badass American... was not disappointed."
"Seems legit"
"The Physical Manifestation of America and Freedom"
"Typed in 'Murica' to Google Images. Was not disappointed."
"My favorite book series as a kid"
"CoD Black Ops 2 - New Class: Bard"
"Level 12 Bard."
"we are living the dream..."
"I got this card from my then girlfriend  now fiancee a while ago. Today is an appropriate day to post this. If no one can laugh at this  the terrorists won."
"OMG! I can't believe it!"
"Excited for shark week!"
"This is the only true Ash  all other Ash's are false prophets before the almighty master."
"Mark it ZERO!"
"i wish i had 100 of them"
"Baby Pygmy Marmoset"
"Wow  your finger is so big"
"LIKE  OH MY GOD!"
"&quot;This is My Beloved Son  in whom I am well pleased&quot;(Matthew 3.17)"
"My reaction whenever someone Rick Rolls me"
"Hot Tub Boat"
"Best Friends"
"A tense standoff between Foxy Brown the Pitbull and the neighbor's cat..."
"Well  according to my time zone  it's my Reddit birthday. Here is how I predict it will go."
"My exact reaction after finding out my girlfriend isn't pregnant"
"Just hangin' out."
"Third World Success Kid and Milestones"
"I'm going to hell for this [TWSK]"
"Drinking beer like a boss!"
"Taking rape to a whole new level."
"Had to be done"
"Somehow this would have made the game less scary..."
"WTF was he trying to do?"
"You Can't Do A Powerslide With 20 People!"
"I went to Israel last summer and found this street art. Figured you guys would like it..."
"Selling a magazine to a woman:"
"Every time i ask reddit for help...."
"Oh shit  today is my cake day. Reddit must care  right?!"
"I find this to bean amusing gif"
"Science Fair Project"
"What trying to get to the frontpage without a costume is like on Halloween"
"Cat on a slide"
"Cat on a slide"
"My sister came home and found this..."
"The Cookie Monster"
"Free box!"
"Whenever 'What Is Love' Is Played On The Radio"
"Pedo Baloo"
"Now shit will hit the fan"
"The nope-cut."
"There is a huge hairy spider on your head...Oh!..."
"How I feel when I am the last one on my team in dodge ball"
"If you remember this you survived a heart attack [FIXED]"
"This was on my wall."
"Minnesota Wild's season in a .gif"
"we all know people like this"
"Courage wolf in action."
"This is exactly how I feel after 15 min of support call"
"O_O"
"After Work On Friday"
"I also like it hairy?"
"Bough 4-day passes to an outdoor concert fest.."
"Bought 4-day passes to an oudoor music fest..."
"Black Barbie"
"Oh shes a looker ;)"
"Butterfly killer"
"How to paint a squirrel"
"How to paint a squirrel"
"When I go first in Jenga"
"Jenga Gone Wild?"
"Martial Arts Takedown"
"One of those little Korean kids grew up... [Fixed.]"
"You're an asshole not a genius."
"Any Skyrim fans on /r/trees?"
"Jesus on Lesbianism."
"Invasive government"
"My friend recently joined reddit  I sent him this"
"Google  Aren't we a little old for this?"
"Today's Google Doodle: When you see it  you'll Poopie."
"I thought you guys might like this."
"Something's a little off.."
"You can't beat the Axis if you get VD"
"Old Military VD warning poster. &quot;You can't beat the Axis if you get VD.&quot;"
"Stop browsing reddit and study for finals you say?"
"The Innernette"
"Scat Man"
"Whenever anyone brings up starbursts on Reddit"
"And I don't blame you for thinking so"
"Thank god Patrick is a cartoon..."
"Apparently  Googling &quot;Patrick Star&quot; gets you this."
"Real-life Patrick Star. Cannot unsee."
"Some people........."
"Who's hungry?"
"A bit of dubstep cat to brighten your day."
"omg it was you!"
"IT WAS YOU"
"Amn't Aiy So Funneh?"
"I'm starting to think that I may never do anything this awesome."
"Reflecting on life"
"Fuck this made me cry lol..."
"Super dog!"
"Homeless man brought into Emergency Room - NSFL!!!"
"Crap! here comes the boss!"
"Aquaman: No Fucks Given Edition (FIXED)"
"I see your &quot;Saddest picture on the internet&quot; and present to you the &quot;Gayest picture on the internet&quot;."
"Dude!"
"A regular feature since the inaugural race  11 religious leaders - representing the Bahai faith  Buddhism  Christianity  Hinduism  Islam  Jainism  Judaism  Sikhism  Taoism and Zoroastrianism - gather to bless the Singapore Grand Prix event and pray for the safety of the drivers."
"So Cute it Hurts."
"After not seeing my cat in 5 months  I skyped with her last night. My mom sent me this after we disconnected:"
"When You Think It'll Be Easy"
"If you don't like dubstep..."
"If you don't like dubstep  then shut up about dubstep"
"How I feel about my first cake day"
"cant come up with a title for this?"
"Hurr Durr"
"You go girl!"
"So I was looking for pikachu pictures and... OH right in the childhood."
"English instead of German [FB]"
"Kung Fu Fighting - [3:08]"
"Ninja Bear (Fixed)"
"Worst Floor Plan Possible: Homeless edition"
"Paint me like one of your french girls"
"Having a bad day? Make this your wallpaper. Problem solved."
"Love the Heart on this cat's fur. Beautiful."
"Korean Parents know how to embarrass their kids"
"Redditor bribes famous astrophysicist to take three sets of photos with him  each under a different facade  all for that cosmic bang of big karma"
"Ball So Hard"
"Sup ladies?"
"This comic always makes me laugh no matter how many times i read it"
"when i searched best gif ever  the results showed this belonged here"
"Well that could have been a disaster... (X-post)"
"I want to imagine that he's listening to Dr. Dre."
"This is my favorite song"
"Every time I see this gif  this song comes to mind."
"One month at a time  please!"
"Jerry  you're a dick"
"My friend posted this on Facebook today."
"That's one fuzzy looking ass"
"For anybody who's alone browsing reddit tonight."
"I'm sure 95% of guys feel the same"
"Bacon Rock (xpost from r/pics)"
"I work at Pizza hut  and earlier today a frail old lady waddled in to pick up her pizza order. I nearly lost it when I saw her name."
"Zombies be damned"
"Plausible?"
"FSM"
"Thomas Paine"
"Whenever I see &quot;Checkmate Atheists!&quot;"
"Words of wisdom from Thom Paine"
"this baby looks like Tom Hanks..."
"This kid is going places..."
"Googled &quot;fuckfuckfuckfuck&quot; and got this..."
"Hiding from the police"
"I now understand safe-house logic in GTA"
"The Last of Us"
"The Last of Us"
"Who remembers these 3?"
"Shootin' lazers n' shit"
"smiling goat"
"Whenever someone mentions a rimjob [SFW]"
"Anytime I open a r/WTF link"
"Bad Police Medic  No Donut"
"Police Medic. He'll beat you healthy!"
"Even killing machines can be cute sometimes"
"Poor choice of words."
"hey check out this girl  she's kinda cute... OMG"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day!"
"Being told to Hate something you Love"
"Finally found a way to make sure I'm never late for school."
"I used to be...."
"Gangrene."
"Walk It Off."
"Bad idea"
"Who Says White People Can't Dance?"
"My reaction to passing a test I didn't study for"
"Gifs  I need your help. I have an obsession with this gif for no reason. I need to know where it is from."
"Did I Mention...I Like to Dance!"
"Bitch I'm fabulous!!!!"
"When I surpassed 100 comment karma"
"My boss said I could leave early today."
"Bitch please"
"Best office farewell email ever"
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post [FIXED]"
"My shit  it has been lost. [4]"
"Oh the glory of the Internet."
"Time to get away for awhile..."
"Happy Lincoln  Sad Lincoln"
"what a celeb!"
"The pleasure is all mine.."
"Saw the Sinister trailer and thought it was one for a Half-Life movie"
"I always feel like this Hamster's watching me."
"I always feel like this hamster's watchin' me."
"Don't look directly into his eyes"
"Jupiter looks legit"
"Half-Life 3 isn't the only unannounced &quot;threequel&quot; I've been waiting 6+ years for. [FIXED]"
"The drunkard's progress. Which stage are you?"
"The Drunkards Progress"
"No One is in Charge"
"How to keep a cat busy for hours"
"X-Post /r/NoFap"
"They were sleeping like this."
"Touching pawws while they sleep."
"I see your awkward/nerdy Reddit meetups and raise you a 4chan one."
"That's why I never got a doll"
"Its cool  I don't want any."
"Dance Dance!"
"Los Rangeros de Power"
"Our universe vs. alternate universe"
"Saw this little buddy at the aquarium. My little sister (she's 3) thought it was a moving lamp."
"Bill Nye Delivers!"
"how i survived algebra"
"Beautiful Dance Moves"
"One of the greatest accessories for a car"
"Young Albino Chimp"
"Frat party."
"let me get that for you"
"The Piano House  Anhui  China"
"Yeah  didn't think so"
"YES yes i do wear them and Often!!!!"
"RARE NEW ZEALAND BIRDS ORIGINAL PHOTOS"
"Awesome Pictures of September 11  2001 Ground Zero World Trade Center."
"I am a cat"
"When I was a boy..."
"Cause I'm a crepe"
"But I'm a creep  I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here."
"My teacher just used a meme IRL. Badly."
"Someone at my local theatre likes the Internet"
"A bad day at work."
"A picture of someone's cat."
"Can has."
"I'm convinced that this is the most adorable puppy that has ever graced the planet"
"Barbie's all grown up"
"Too spoon?"
"Low self esteem? Why?"
"..... Cat-huffing"
"Feel like being the troll of the elevator in your building? If yes  follow the instructions."
"Hater haters gonna hate."
"You will enjoy this."
"The best response to any argument."
"HIFW My gaming PC breaks the 1st day of the Steam Summer Sale"
"Room with a view"
"Best reaction to the zombie apocalypse."
"Quelling a zombie invasion"
"How I imagine the Knights of r/new"
"Why!!??? [NSFW]"
"Is this supposed to be hot or...[NSFW]"
"The difference between Olympic gymnasts and swimmers. [xpost from r/pics]"
"A new take on the walking slinky"
"When I try to make it to the front page"
"When I try to make it to the front page (xpost r/funny)"
"&quot;Mitt Romney is rich so we hate him!&quot;"
"Pete  the foul bachelor dog"
"Having a bad day?"
"This is why Bieber fans are a disgrace to humanity"
"Some people have strange fantasies."
"I buy these so I can keep them in the pantry for 5 months then throw them away."
"So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye?!?!"
"I love how he's desperately looking where it comes from"
"The best part of having a bath as a kid"
"Emma Watson at her finest"
"Bat-Nom."
"I'll see your fat little bunny and raise you.. a cute little panda."
"I had a fight with my cat this morning and today is my cake day so this seems about right."
"Adopted Cat"
"Pachy Adu"
"Must Eat... Forbidden Cupcake"
"Recognize Anyone?"
"I have a dream (within a dream?)"
"Oh hey Barney wha- OH MY GOD!"
"What GOD wants you to do"
"30 Rock On Voting"
"It explains a lot  really. [PIC]"
"My mom's tech impaired friends' reaction to me setting up their printer."
"Kanye West has a sex tape?"
"Go home Apple  You're drunk."
"MFW Going down on her....yeah  it's a lot like that (SFW)"
"Bang  bang  bang on the door baby. (First gifsound)"
"Cube  sphere  cube  sphere  cube  sphere..."
"Everybody Clap Your Hands"
"I see why the mustache was added."
"I see why the mustache was added..."
"Get it together Thor!"
"Lanterns being launched into the sky as a Thai tradition"
"Since we're talking childhood games"
"Hurry put him up there before he wakes up lol"
"What soldiers really do  not all of us pose with dead bodies  eat babies  and rape women {FIXED FOR HISTORICAL ACCURACY}"
"I Googled &quot;Facepalm&quot; and found this."
"You don't fuck with alfa..."
"You don't fuck with alpha..."
"Guitar hero  expert"
"Darkwing duck is good at guitar hero"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [Fixed]"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [FIXED]"
"Who I Imagine Reopsters Are [FIXED]"
"Alright guys  after crapping my pants  I'm interested to know where the hell this is..."
"Whatever floats your boat."
"When you see it.....try not to throw up."
"How I picture people begging for Karma"
"i hope somebody knows what kind of contest this is..."
"Death star was an inside job"
"can't..breathe.."
"Siri  what is the meaning of life?"
"Siri: The Crazy Cat Lady from Apple."
"I was pleasantly surprised by this"
"Oh Siri  you just get me."
"Historically Hardcore"
"HIFW deciding on a title for a new Reddit submission"
"When I saw that the Curiosity team AMA actually wasn't full of pun threads and circlejerks."
"Amazing 3D Pacman Chalk Art"
"Does this smell like Chloroform to you?"
"Who the man?"
"Leonardo Dicaprio's face when he didn't win the Golden Globe"
"German Wehrmacht General Anton Dostler is tied to a stake before his execution by a firing squad in a stockade in Aversa  Italy  on December 1  1945. The General  Commander of the 75th Army Corps  was sentenced to death by an United States Military Commission in Rome."
"I see your flooded station Ireland and show you what happens everytime it rains in Mumbai"
"Not that kind of cycle!"
"Let me give you a hand with that."
"WTF are they serving for school lunch at Huntington High?"
"A plea to my cat"
"It must be hard to ride a bike with balls this big."
"11/10 story from /b/"
"My girlfriend made this for me"
"...then you take the highway through the skyscraper..."
"Burlesque dancer Zorita walks her pet snake."
"How to know if you're the worst bowler IN THE WORLD"
"All the colors!!"
"Crystal Scull"
"this is bad  but i couldn't stop laughing"
"Hey  nice couch. I wonder if– OH HELL YES!"
"O_O"
"Tan Lines"
"He does it so gently (x-posted from r/LotR)"
"His faces are so funny!"
"Palestinian Loss of Land  1947 - 2000"
"Studley Tool Chest  tool chest which holds some 300 tools in a space that takes up about 40 inches by 20 inches of wall space when closed."
"The Best Side of the Moon"
"This is how I feel when I have bacon for breakfast"
"Just when I thought the universe couldn't blow my mind any further... this is all in just one freaking dot of the night sky. Unbelievable."
"This popped up on my FB feed  and I thought you guys would appreciate it. (80's  mullets  lasers  ridiculous)"
"The life of a redditor"
"Deep..."
"Eagle owl in flight"
"FunnyJunk?"
"A dying breed  but one of my favorites."
"You don't look Asian..."
"Who needs a stroller?"
"When I'm on the front page of r/gonewild"
"Pew! Pew! Pew! Gotcha!"
"tiny hippo"
":o"
"What do you think reddit?"
"I present the puprito (puppy burito)"
"For Saturday  I present a puppy in a tortilla"
"Hey Jim  you got any A1 sauce?"
"What is this?"
"This is what kids of today play with  I used to trade Pokemon cards..."
"pretty cool"
"D:"
"Oh god  the eyes!"
"Finally  a solution to the lack of Bulbasaur in my life..."
"How I feel seeing all these wrong number texts"
"Night at the Watchtower"
"Finish Him!"
"Walking in on one of your siblings fapping"
"Cute puppies always make me happy when I am sad."
"I always wondered what was inside my mouse"
"Deadpool &amp; Boba Fett Go To Disney. (Saw on my fb. Artist is credited as m7781 on deviantArt)."
"Jedi master"
"When 9gag claims they invented memes. [Fixed]"
"Spiderman gets the prize"
"Why you should get an orangutan"
"Torchlight 1 vs Torchlight 2"
"Standing guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldiers  taken this morning"
"Guarding the fallen during Hurricane Sandy. [960x896] (cross-post /r/pics)"
"Tomb of the Unknown Soldier right now."
"From the tomb of the unknown soldier this morning as Sandy approaches."
"Standing at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  even through the hurricane."
"Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during the hurricane"
"The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  some posts are never abandoned."
"Changing of the Guard continues through Hurricane Sandy at the Tomb of the Unknowns"
"Guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during Sandy"
"And still  they honor the fallen- Tomb of the Unknown Soldier this morning in Hurricane Sandy"
"Even during hurricane Sandy  they're still there."
"Despite the worsening weather  sentinels of the 3rd US Infantry Regiment continue to stand guard at the Tomb of the Unknowns  which has been guarded continuously since 1948."
"Not even Hurricane Sandy can phase the honor guard at The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier"
"Hey all you tomb thieves out there thinking that the hurricane will be the perfect time to steal a tomb...Think Again!"
"Taken this morning - (Tomb of the Unknown Soldier / Hurricane Sandy)"
"&quot;Guarding The Unknown&quot;"
"Standing guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  with Hurricane Sandy closing in."
"On guard  even during Sandy"
"Guards at the tomb of the unknown soilder during the hurricane"
"3 soldiers guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier despite the Harsh conditions of Hurricane Sandy"
"This photo was taken during a storm in September 2012. The Guards are out there today (10/29/2012)  still guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  as Hurricane Sandy approaches. Bless these soldiers  The Old Guard  and their mission which they uphold with such honor -- KL Markert (photographer)"
"Soldiers of the 3rd Inf Reg. continue to stand guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier  despite the worsening weather conditions surrounding Hurricane Sandy."
"The movie Cars.. In real life"
"Opening an expert lock on Skyrim in one try."
"Every time a friend shows me something I saw on reddit"
"How i feel after bein a redditor for 10 months"
"Bitchin'"
"Bill Murray  &quot;growing&quot; finer with age."
"I'm sure this has been posted  but i thought it deserved to be on the front page again."
"thanks to the endless scroll  i'll never get off here."
"Whoo whoo whoo whoo!!"
"Make it happen!"
"Ran all the way to freaking Australia..."
"Volleyball."
"Picking a wedgie"
"Best picture I've seen all day!"
"Random imgur time."
"this picks me up when i'm down"
"Swimming with portals"
"What if this was a BF3 expansion pack or mod?"
"Chandler dances on Bacon"
"Monday.."
"When my sister said that Christina Aguilera was the voice of our generation"
"Well played McFly!"
"the title they gave to Tim Berners-Lee"
"God Bless America"
"Generally my response to new posts on r/funny."
"I just lost a whopping 200 pounds! Although I'm not very happy about it."
"This is why the rest of the world looks down on us."
"Maury  Tyra  and others."
"Happens to me every time..."
"Kitten vs. Thud Butt's happy thoughts"
"How Reddit sees me when I say I prefer dogs."
"Computing skills"
"This is how waking up from a dream where your post made first place feels"
"MRW I see a full time job  but I can only work part time due to school"
"Whenever I check my karma an hour after making a post I'm confident in."
"Porn? Birth?! WTF?! (possibly NSFW)"
"Dude  nah. Nah dude. (Seemingly NSFW)"
"MFW I was born"
"MFW I was born"
"How I Feel When I Text With Classmates"
"If it fits  I shits"
"Zombie Last Supper"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality) (X-post from r/aww)"
"'C' is for waiting."
"The problem with pre-ordering anything  especially the Nexus Tablet"
"When I try to break the ice with a girl."
"Namaste"
"Bitch better have my honey"
"Spot the millionaire"
"Oh Nigel...."
"What every house should have"
"You think I can talk my fiance into getting one?"
"anyone happen to know the source of this painting?"
"This face is priceless"
"I wish I had this kid on my team when I was younger"
"Day 6 without a cell phone"
"It's like he's perpetually rising."
"And whenever I hear a &quot;look who I ran into today&quot;..."
"&quot;OMG you know you're going to hell right?!&quot;"
"my favorite gameboy ad!"
"Fire wants a fight."
"A Different Kind Of Hairstyle"
"A Different Kind Of Hairstyle"
"Every time my wife sees a spider..."
"Woah  Michelangelo...Woah. [pic]"
"kevin  please don't die..."
"Would you be my friend? my friend until the very end?"
"Hungry or horny???"
"Hello to you too."
"If it fits I sits scientifically explained..."
"Because Science.."
"Usually I'm a cat person  but I can make exceptions."
"This seems fair to me!"
"Religion is like a penis"
"I feel bad for this man"
"unpleasant truths"
"Diagram illustrating the stowage of African slaves on a British slave ship."
"Learning at a young age"
"NO!  I do not want to hold your baby!"
"I've always wondered..."
"Construction of the Manhattan Bridge"
"Old ass picture of some bridge I haven't heard about.."
"Stupidity? There's hope for change"
"Saw this on my newsfeed today"
"I feel a slightly different way."
"Iron Man / The Avengers"
"Nice funeral"
"hmm...that looks delicious"
"How to shut up a nagging wife. [nsfw]"
"Is that fish?"
"I fucking love bunnys!"
"With hope  excellent control and game mechanics like this will stay with GTAV"
"BATMAN!!"
"Cakeday incoming!"
"How it feels to wake up and see your post was successful"
"I find it difficult to do this for more than 20 ft. Props to this guy ;-)"
"Just went onto memebase for the fist time in 6 months  this was my reaction"
"Once in a lifetime"
"If Calvin and Hobbes took a different turn..."
"I'll welcome my roommate with a big toot"
"DUN DUN DUNNNNN!!!!"
"When i beat a friend on Mario Kart at the last second"
"While we are hating on Twilight"
"Jamaican MacBook Pro"
"Radio 2 - Unsung heroes of the billboards."
"My girlfriend and I were driving in the mountains when suddenly..."
"Pop a top"
"Swag level: Divided by zero."
"Just introduced my little sister to Reddit"
"Chewbaccas gone down the wrong road..."
"Oh  how times have changed..."
"Look at all the fucks I give."
"Derpy pirate kitty"
"Rabbit Revenge."
"Apparently the wind blew our empty sandbox around last night. Here's the view from my bedroom window."
"That drop!"
"This is how it actually happened"
"When we all have grand kids..."
"Photoshop  am I doing it right?"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Young Clint Eastwood holding a young armadillo"
"I present to you  a photograph of Clint Eastwood holding a baby Armadillo."
"12 inches..."
"No it was  Cunt."
"Who was it..."
"Frustrated queen"
"Dick in the box."
"How to take the last donut."
"Ask Reddit anyone"
"So I just realized I'll be off the internet for the next 10 weeks and my first cakeday is this month.."
"Finding out I have Strep throat 4 hours before an open bar party in a private club..."
"Just realized I missed my 1st cake day"
"Basically reddit right now"
"BOOM!!"
"There  there  everything will be ok (x-post from r/hockey)"
"Teen gone couch"
"Here is a collection of 'multimals' I have amassed. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do."
"After intramural basketball games  every time..."
"When my boyfriend says I look good."
"WHAT?!??"
"oldy but goldy [not OC] [xpost from /r/polandball]"
"If I fits  I sits"
"Brought to you by /r/photoshopbattles"
"fun with the super-moon"
"'Playing With The Moon'  by Laurent Laveder"
"Perfect red line in a Hungarian forest marking the high point of a toxic aluminum sludge spill"
"Worst multiple choice"
"I'm in dude  don't even bother opening the door."
"Ok Facebook  this is getting ridiculous."
"mark is not a creative man."
"Oh bacon  I'm going to miss you!"
"Every morning"
"Baby Pomeranian."
"Adorable Puppy"
"How i felt when I got my first upvote"
"My feeling inside when a girl sits next to me in class."
"That moment when you realize you still have the other half of your sandwich left"
"When my post goes from negative to positive karma"
"WTF TGIF"
"I have been trying unsuccessfully to have this argument with my wife just so I can say this."
"Baby Chameleons"
"I was looking up old 4chan pictures and I ended up on the weird part of the internet again..."
"&quot;The things I find on Google!&quot; ♫"
"Just pimped the shit outta my dog!"
"Well I Bet He's The Legit Guy"
"Lord of the Longest Gif in the World"
"Possibly the funniest GIF story of all time"
"As a kid  this was a great introduction to the classics."
"Balls...balls all the way..."
"Utah  the beautiful"
"Ah  The Sweet Taste of Victory"
"Does anyone know the story behind this gif?"
"Saw this in the paper today"
"No! Bad Infomercial! That's not how it works!"
"There isn't a vowel in my name. It's just Max"
"Ahhh...leave me alone!"
"R-MONEY!"
"Binders Fulla Women: The Mixedtape by R- Money"
"This is the last time we try"
"The last time"
"I see your grilled cheese sandwich and I raise you wheelchair lady eating cheeseblock"
"'Murica"
"I said NO DUCKS."
"Shoulda got a cat"
"Tectonisaurus Rex"
"What type of German school is this?"
"Thanks THQ"
"Freaking printers"
"Good Guy......Everybody"
"Vinegar Strokes"
"Laser Balls"
"I don't even... Why are they... Is that guy saluting..."
"Deep sea teeth cleaning"
"So there was this wiener dog...."
"Guess his name!"
"Black physicians in the ER treating a KKK member"
"Being a boss about users who use adblock."
"go go gadget glove"
"Apple Achievement Unlocked: Too Hot for English"
"Scummbagg Iphone..."
"Even though it is nearly August  living in the south really has its disadvantages"
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"Pussy Charmer  Karma Machine"
"This is what has me excited today"
"I think its time we take a break"
"The adorable Least Weasel in its all-white winter coat"
"Seeing him live in my hometown next week. So beyond excited."
"Meanwhile in England..."
"Rude Sloth"
"My favorite gif of all time."
"Life summed up in one gif"
"Hey Spongebob  guess what day it is!"
"Opposite Day!"
"The real story behind the Tortoise and the Hare"
"Getting a new task at work 5 minutes before quitting time."
"What I feel like doing to my graduating class."
"Bobcat kitten and 3-day old fawn take shelter together after the Jesusita Fire in Santa Barbara   CA."
"Aww yee"
"A trees root system merges with a brick walkway [1280x960]"
"This showed up on my timeline as &quot;like if you aren't racist.&quot;"
"YouTube comments strike again"
"#1 comment NA"
"Words cannot describe (slightly NSFW)"
"This made me Aww out loud"
"Chinese hand dance"
"Epic Meal Time has nothing on this guy.."
"Wow"
"Clifford the big black motherfucker."
"Genius"
"Found this gem on my Facebook xD"
"I miss the cold though!"
"If it fits  husky sits"
"The United States of Good Beer."
"Is there someone who can explain that?"
"when someone from the Parks department came into the nursery I worked at"
"How all kids act when there name comes up in a story."
"Crazy... banana... face?"
"How awesome are bananas?"
"Japanese Dole ad  too strange for words"
"Googled &quot;Fuck Upvotes&quot; for my 2nd Cake Day. Got this."
"Banana King [gif]"
"He shoots bananas out his nose"
"How Japan advertise bananas."
"Japanese banana commercial."
"Everybody Loves Gaben"
"Stepping into the real world after college."
"Sometimes you know the world hates you."
"Mac 'n Cheese"
"Heath Ledger Skate Boarding Over Christian Bale On Set Of Dark Knight"
"That'll do the trick..."
"Astronaut self-shot"
"How i feel when people post all there problems on (fb)"
"When my sister is talking about her clothes..."
"When women talk about fashion"
"How I felt the last day of school before spring break."
"Found this over a year ago  when I was still DIGGin stuff. It's long  but I think you guys might like it."
"He went to Jared!"
"I don't get why Republicans keep fighting for things that clearly don't exist. Oh wait..."
"Overly manly man  bandaid."
"Faggot crown"
"Got to finally use this one today."
"A traditional Irish turnip Jack-o'-lantern from the early 20th century"
"Escher's Relativity in Lego"
"Is this how french fries are made?"
"George Washington fending off a group of zombies with only 2 handguns and balls of steel."
"Still makes me laugh"
"Poor little guy got so abused today ):"
"Something only the President is capable of"
"Something Only the President is Capable of"
"Beautiful Sunset"
"Bread Gloves!"
"Idiocracy"
"A Solar Filament Erupts"
"The general feeling I have about reposts"
"Working out"
"Yoga + kitty"
"Personal trainer."
"Optical illusion: If you look very closely  there's an R2-D2 in this picture"
"As a Midwesterner  admittedly out of the news loop."
"Billy Ray Antichrist"
"Get well soon!"
"Ron F***ing Swanson"
"Ron Swanson (Parks and Rec)"
"whoa"
"Oroboros?"
"...and you say this was a children's show?"
".___."
"When I find out one of my siblings or friends are redditors"
"Tis' my Cakeday"
"for my first cakeday"
"Every New Yorker's reaction when seeing a picture of the new World Trade Center being built on the front page and all the karma it received."
"If reddit had profile pics  this is mine"
"The real superman"
"I can't stop watching this..."
"I can't stop watching this... (xpost from funny)"
"Oh 'Merica"
"This is how we do it in merica."
"Did the imgur search everyone's been getting karma for  found something reddit might enjoy"
"You want WTF? You got it."
"Breakfast for champions.NSFW"
"This picture depicts the topic of death as an atheist in such a beautiful way"
"Look what I found"
"My old roommate uploaded this to Facebook with the caption &quot;We just need a place to stay for a couple days...won't be long&quot;"
"Scuse me...Anybody know the owner of this kitteh?"
"Human  I got this for you."
"WTF is this from?"
"I just...does any one know where...fuck it  here you go r/WTF."
"Wut"
"Jungle Book  much?"
"The most extreme kind of babysitter"
"You're mind better be blown"
"A girl posted &quot;Did you know Rio is an actual place and not just a movie?!&quot; On Facebook."
"Learning there was an /r/reactiongifs [FIXED]"
"Bought a jar of Nutella for the first time ever... made a Peanut Butter and Nutella sandwich on toast."
"Bwoooom! Super Nova"
"When you finally realize what's going on in Alan Wake American Nightmare."
"Just dipped an oreo into chocolate milk for the first time."
"If /r/subredditoftheday won Subreddit of the Day."
"Mind exploding"
"Today is 10/11/12"
"Whats really at the end of the rainbow."
"The world knows it's a Friday"
"Stupid sexy Halloween costume"
"Paul Ryan"
"I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS BEFOAR"
"Water Swing"
"I would like one please (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"still my favorite street art"
"Ok  if God's doing mountain or sky or water  I'll submit this screen shot."
"This picture is worth a thousand words  all of which are WTF"
"puppy onesie-ing"
"Fuzzy Puppy in Footie Pajamas"
"Cow Photobomb! Hilarious!"
"Rosie O'Donnell photobombs Sarah Jessica Parker stuck in a fence"
"The club can't even handle me right now"
"That's such a dick move....but what if it's true....."
"To do list"
"Baby Ocelot"
"Ocelot kitten. That is all."
"Server Error"
"I could watch this all day..."
"Why I enjoy Fahrenheit"
"Oh dear god  i hope this isn't real..."
"My babys gonna be a gangster nigga."
"Thank you  Doctor."
"Sir  your mustache is escaping!"
"Looks like he misplaced his Movember..."
"honestly how would you feel?"
"In honor of my cakeday I present a picture that never fails to make me laugh"
"Jurassic Butts"
"When you get a bill  on a fancy restaurrent."
"Found this gem on Google"
"You're doing it right...?"
"Metal"
"You Raise A Valid Point Ice Cream"
"How I feel when I tell myself I need to eat healthier"
"When i was 17."
"Caught my first ever fish today."
"As a girl with four part-time jobs  this is what I fantasize about..."
"As a girl with four part-time jobs  this is what I fantasize about..."
"A rhino's perspective"
"How I think I look as a vegetarian shopping for groceries"
"after 4 days without power"
"I don't know why it's so funny  it just is."
"A true window licker!!!! This is one funny Fox!"
"Firefox has encountered a problem with Windows"
"Times are tough  looks like Ghost Rider is flying coach."
"You caught me off guard there!"
"This flower is moving!?"
"so weird  but cute"
"Just a couple baby duck-billed platypuses"
"Eye Drops"
"Getting a drunk dial when I'm sleeping"
"How I feel with the US heatwave going on without air-conditioning..."
"Doing my algebra homework"
"How I felt when I realized I missed my cake day"
"Not having school tomorrow but having no power so I can't go on Reddit"
"MY CHICKEN"
"Guy at work just send me this - Ewok &quot;action&quot; figure"
"Profound thoughts from America's sweetheart"
"I don't even .."
"Bumblebee in the Ring"
"Clash of Culture"
"The Dogship Enterprise"
"Man turns his dog into the USS Enterprise."
"I stood on this for a while this morning; nothing happened"
"Reddit  this is my favorite castle. What's yours?"
"What I used to look forward to for lunch at school. Best day of the week."
"How I feel browsing /r/new"
"How I feel when deleting my facebook friends"
"How I feel downvoting in /new"
"Flint strike"
"Lake and ocean on two levels [Faroe-islands]"
"Wait WHAT? It actually fixed something?!"
"So my estranged older sister sent me a family photo. WTF? (Mildly nsfw)"
"Oh god. Can't be unseen."
"Nothing like quality time with the family..."
"How I feel since my birthday is today  and all of my friends are on vacation."
"Its my birthday and my first in a foreign country where i moved a few months ago..This is how I feel.."
"8 am classes"
"Push it to the limit!"
"He just keeps climbing!"
"Your ladder keeps liftin' me higher and higher!"
"Higher and higher!"
"How I feel every time I post on reddit"
"What it feels like when i bomb a test I thought I aced..."
"Fuck you  Gumby!"
"Samwise Gamgee gets it right."
"I told my girlfriend she looks like Mckayla Maroney... she was not impressed =("
"My friend said this to the guy at Starbucks today..."
"Another apple lawsuit"
"WTF happened to Lisa Turtle?"
"Get Well Soon"
"Get well soon"
"An inflatable unicorn horn for cats - they love it!"
"fuck you guys. fuck halloween."
"This guy's a real neckbeard..."
"double jointed hand is interesting/creepy"
"The Human Race"
"Just read some messages I sent back in 8th grade"
"whenever someone tries to get on your laptop without warning you"
"Miyakejima island. The town where everyone wears a gas mask."
"it's a living!"
"I must go  my people need me..."
"It was you?!"
"Found this on /r/WTF. Thought it could do better here."
"Whenever I see someone planking [fixed]"
"HUGGLES!!!"
"Fluffy friend"
"Snuggle buddies"
"What it feels like when a re-post does better than the original."
"Scumbag Bison"
"Whenever the teacher says to take notes"
"A Siberian tigress with a cub at Buffalo Zoo"
"Even the most fearsome creatures have a soft side."
"I was just looking for the cat with sprinkles on its face..."
"Nicolas Cage Cat"
"happy family portrait... russia style (nswf-ish)"
"The other way around"
"Daft Punk agree."
"Reddit  be proud of yourselves."
"Randomly found while browsing for bathroom renovating tips"
"As someone who can't grow a proper beard  this is my daily motto for No-Shave Novemeber."
"I work for a company that doesn't allow any facial hair  even in Movember. This helped to console me"
"As a man who cant grow much facial hair  this gets me through Movember."
"Fox in the Snow"
"Execute program: groove"
"Cats come with hats sometimes."
"Hey! Whatcha doin?"
"Being drunk on r/funny"
"Cheetah cubs: sometimes pictures tell a story - Imgur"
"And not a single fuck was given"
"What I feel like during any vacation"
"When I realized it was my cakeday."
"Everytime someone tells me I need a job..."
"My hands hurt just looking at this"
"This is how Giants' relief pitcher Brian Wilson commutes to work."
"I aint even mad"
"My all time favorite GIF."
"Being the first to loose No Fap September"
"Somewhere on the planet earth  this has happened.."
"I took my SAT today  This was me during the critical reading sections"
"Hurricane Sandy is hopelessly devoted to ruining halloween...."
"Every time you downvote a cat picture..."
"Wut?"
"Guys  I need some help here."
"Spot the difference"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway. (Fixed)"
"what did you say to me?"
"Who's the Boss?"
"Things just got serious around here."
"The Reunion!"
"That face."
"“How much could a banana cost? Ten ducats?”"
"The City at night"
"Me looking at my little brother."
"Sorry if I look different. Jet lag."
"Whenever I'm at the beach"
"It's my cakeday so...."
"At least he got a balloon... (maybe NSFW)"
"So this is something Tumblr created.."
"How I feel after exams and weeks of studying"
"It all makes sense now..."
"The true meaning of WTF."
"Finally. Someone understands me."
"insanity achieved"
"This was on my newsfeed today..."
"In response to VOTE VICTOR!"
"Just incase you wanted to suit-up"
"Once you vote black..."
"A campaign button at the DNC."
"You guys seriously need to learn when to hold it in."
"Angry Waltor"
"Flying head kick"
"one of these things just doesnt belong"
"I had Chiplotle for the first time today. Fuck yeah!"
"Say what you want about Chris Brown's neck tattoo  but I think it suits him.."
"Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Nightmares"
"umm...wat?"
"Watching today's game (pretty much the entire game). Frankly  I'm exhausted."
"r/politics right now."
"As a female  I would like to see more of this..."
"My answer when someone asks how I accomplished a simple life task..."
"This popped up in my facebook feed"
"Oh it's my Reddit birthday?"
"How I fell as a 5'6&quot; male when tall people complain about how their height causes them problems."
"My thoughts on who won the Presidential Debate"
"How to prevent cheating"
"Turn right  here."
"Monkey trolling a Dog"
"Monkey FTW"
"Trolling...it's a primate thing."
"How I flirted in grade school."
"Baby. Polar. Bear."
"It's true."
"Captain America's weakness (Cross-Post from /r/funny)"
"This may make reddits blood boil"
"When Ever My Post Gets Downvoted"
"Go fuck yourself."
"Exactly"
"The bottled water section at the downtown Safeway"
"Take these guys!"
"This is all I did today"
"Getting on Reddit after having sex with my wife"
"Venom-Like Bodypaint [X-Post from r/WTF]"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk! (Sandy)"
"I just love this beautiful island photo  I hope you do too.:)"
"Does anybody know where is this place ?"
"Scumbag Stephanie"
"When someone takes both my armrests at the cinema."
"Got married on Friday. This was me when the judge was talking about love."
"Still my favorite gif to date"
"First time I actually read the bible."
"my reaction when i read about sex."
"Owning my first car  and learning that it is going to cost $750 to fix a broken window."
"After my friend told me how amazing nickelback is.."
"Gave my laptop to my sister for the weekend. Forgot to delete browser history."
"How I feel about missing my reddit cake day"
"Go  Go  Go  Go!...Sheeeeiiiiiiiii--!!!!!"
"Calm down Sandy!"
"Dino. Blew up."
"The casting director of Breaking Bad did a fine job in selecting this man."
"Nice Hat"
"Pizza Fork"
"train"
"Abortion Losers"
"Halloween in the trailer park"
"Then I was a T-Rex."
"I was not expecting this  still my favorite magazine picture."
"It must have been a REALLY bad dream"
"What the hell is this??"
"Laying down the law!"
"A true poet"
"Black metal poetry"
"Bill Cosby: The Equation"
"Jello Math"
"Time to ramp up our defenses!"
"I got my tuition bill in the mail today"
"Falcon...KNEE!"
"When you see it..."
"my fear whenever i click a &quot;when you see it&quot; picture"
"Swan Ronson"
"This dog"
"When my 1 year old is still crying after I put on all the cartoons and music he loves."
"How it feels switching from 4Chan to Reddit..."
"How I feel whenever someone makes a witty cake day post"
"End."
"Every time I try to flirt with a girl."
"Zoom-mooz-zoom-mooz"
"This is me in the library on Reddit  in the funny subreddit. Bad idea."
"Rock  Paper  Scissors!"
"Most appropriate place to shit brix ever."
"This would be the best shit ever!"
"Y U No Visit Anymore?"
"Vladamir Putin and the cadet"
"I uhhh...this isnt good..."
"WE are so fucked...!!!!"
"We are all in trouble now. THEY CAN FLY"
"It's Stephen Colbert"
"This was the first thing that came to mind"
"You know what rhymes with Sloth?"
"You know what rhymes with sloth?"
"Bill Nye"
"Whatcha gunna do with all that junk  all that junk inside your trunk"
"My reaction when I heard they were going to announce a new Call of Duty game."
"Realized it's my one-year cakeday today..."
"Seeing all those threads about Snooki's child..."
"Seeing all those thread about Snooki's child.."
"How I feel missing the Obama AMA!"
"When people start complaining about their finals."
"This will be great in my study  hope my wife will like it."
"Nature &gt; Everything else."
"Suspended asian girl shitting into water tub."
"The Transformizzle"
"Animorph"
"Can't Wait For His Album"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost..."
"You want sexy pics?"
"Ladies and Gentlemen.. We've found him."
"real life mr incredible?"
"The guy totally looks like Johnny Bravo!"
"Meanwhile in America....."
"I would pee on this all day long..."
"Happy New Years  everyone!"
"What I plan to do on Friday night"
"Every time I come home from work/class..."
"This"
"Effective advertising..."
"Why are we fighting again?"
"Taking self shots to a whole new level"
"GRRRAWLLAWLALA"
"Bike's going the Distance."
"wrgqasv"
"Life is unfair sometimes..."
"Anybody want a piece of dic.. i mean sausage?"
"waking up to breakfast in bed on my birthday"
"Where do they go??"
"Reddit has a new &quot;reddit is under heavy load&quot; picture!"
"Stop upvoting crappy posts!"
"Oh boy!"
"Superhero Logic."
"Why Do All The Super Hero Have to Wear Masks?"
"Screw it"
"Just trying random imgur URLs.."
"Had to put on dress pants again. This crossed my mind."
"Why so many?"
"Naturally"
"Surprisingly  a religious friend shared this on facebook."
"It's funny cause it's true"
"Thanks Jesus  for the food"
"Happy Thanksgiving to all the Atheists out there..."
"Jesus  you saint!"
"I'm religious but honestly one of the funniest meme's I've ever seen (Xpost r/AdviceAnimals)"
"The Epitome of Reddit"
"Handy shoelace tying guide."
"Sarah Jessica Parker wedding pics!!!"
"Firefighters fighting a bushfire in Australia a couple of years ago came across this thirsty Koala. Not sure if it's been posted before  but it's adorable."
"World needs more fire fighters like these..."
"This Fire Fighter Has All the Koalafications"
"The Mayans also predicted Lil Wayne.."
"When I walk into the locker room and notice a Japanese man blow-drying his balls."
"When my wife turns on the X Factor."
"An alternative ending to Lost. Possibly even better (xpost from r/funny)"
"r/aww wasn't convinced my fuzzy moth was worthy. How about you guys...?"
"Venezuelan Poodle Moth"
"The Poodle Moth. A moth that looks like a poodle! A new insect hybrid creature found in Venezuela."
"Deal with it."
"When someone tells me to stop laughing at my own jokes"
"Leashes and Wheelchairs  man. That's my cup of tea."
"I glared at the submit screen for exactly 15 minutes thinking how to name this but couldn't come up with anything..."
"A Midget with a Transsexual Prostitute"
"Driving in LA"
"My very average computer when I try to start Battlefield 3"
"Bender will always love you"
"When a girl replaces me for my best friend."
"Looking good bro!"
"You live in Sodom or Gomorrah  and you awaken to this. Thoughts?"
"Truly awesome. Frightening as shit  but awesome."
"Reddits Arch enemy."
"Downvote anyone?"
"Amazing Sand Sculpture"
"Reflection"
"Whenever I play Bomberman"
"Run Adam West! Run!"
"Nolan's inspiration"
"How I feel when I'm writing an essay.."
"After working on the essay part of my mid-term exam for an hour..."
"Repost."
"asian aging process"
"The Average Asian Aging Process"
"The Asian Aging Process"
"Line of puppies"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPINGTON NOPE"
"What a family!"
"Welcome to the base of Mount Sharp on Mars."
"Pillsbury Gonads!"
"Why dose have to be president if he's already the mayor of whoville?"
"Rare photo of Alfred Hitchcock in front of the &quot;Psycho&quot; House"
"My reaction when I see my post on the frontpage"
"Cat died this morning. Someone broke into my car. This is how I feel about Monday's."
"Then put your little hand in mine Then put your little hand in mine Then put your little hand in mine"
"Why does this exist?"
"Pretty accurate."
"Spot the Difference"
"Scientific movie titles"
"repost from r/funny cause it just belongs here"
"Ok idiot"
"OCD otter"
"Kitty vs hair dryer"
"Relevant User Name"
"3 years ago I joined reddit  this was the first picture I saw"
"old school milk WTF"
"I Heard We're Going Back To The Roots Of r/WTF"
"just....WTF?!"
"Googled NSFW NSFL WTF.... thanks google"
"what is this from? Saw it a while back and was wondering if it was from an obscure movie or something..."
"I don't even..."
"Can someone please tell me what this is from? (Possibly NSFW)"
"Mastodon chilling with some groupies after the show."
"Heavy Metal band Mastodon hanging out with some fans.."
"How Apple tries to change the world"
"I survived a car accident between my little Volkswagen Beetle and a fully loaded semi truck with nothing more serious than a broken ankle. It's a miracle that I'm even alive."
"What fire fighters in Colorado must feel like right now."
"That should do the trick..."
"Stopping  you're doing it wrong."
"Concerning all these posts about finals"
"YOLO"
"My reaction when i found out on the news that Drake and Chris Brown got into a fight."
"My boss when I explained it was my &quot;cakeday&quot;"
"It's so hot in Texas..."
"How I feel most people react when a redditior tells them how much karma they've accumulated."
"Obama did an AMA... MY reaction."
"WGAS"
"This is not a photograph. &quot;Feelings&quot; by Diego Fazio. Pencil on paper."
"How I feel 10 seconds after posting something on reddit  and it has been downvoted 10 times."
"Little Chewbacca - Max Level"
"Reaction to Dark Souls 2 announcement."
"Trying to Understand HiggsBoson"
"Every time I go on xkcd."
"Well I just laughed for a solid 5 minutes"
"Genetics in action"
"It's All About Perspective..."
"Let's trade......."
"Cast Away"
"Reddit"
"How just about everyone gets to the front page"
"Altair's Descendant (From gifs)"
"if I could have any super power..."
"WTF did I just see?"
"We can't stop here."
"How I feel during a final"
"Checking my facebook wall on my birthday"
"What I felt like doing with the rest of my resumes when I got a job."
"You know  this makes a lot of sense from a [0-10]"
"TAKE MY CANDY!!"
"Handin' out upvotes like Lloyd Christmas"
"Whenever I see a funny comment thread"
"Frankenstorm behind the Statue of Liberty"
"sandy approaching nyc"
"Hurricane Sandy approaching lower Manhattan - Amazing Shot"
"New York today ..."
"Breathtaking view of Hurricane Sandy in New York"
"Sandy rollin' in. Photoshopped?"
"Storm bearing down  Lady Liberty standing tall"
"My reaction to finding out Jersey Shore will be canceled... then immediately discovering Snookie has a spinoff show..."
"No one tell PETA"
"Oh Top Gear"
"DROOOOLLLLL!!!!"
"Reddited Turkey"
"Friend does this every turkey day  not sure whether it is the best idea ever or that I'd barf..."
"While browsing pics and funny...."
"Is this normal?"
"I really can't be the only one.."
"poor squirrels..."
"How I feel as a Christian who likes both atheists and people of faith"
"How I feel on /r/gaming sometimes"
"Every time."
"Double Face [x-post from r/funny]"
"Keep an eye on those monkeys.."
"Whenever I hear my favorite song on the radio"
"Post finally made it to the front page"
"Pretty accurate."
"I missed my cakeday  but I'll still share my favorite gif... classic Jeff Winger"
"I wonder what the weather will be like..."
"dog"
"Mr (E)T"
"Mr (E)T"
"First high in 3 weeks  feels good man [7 and only 1/4 in."
"How I felt when I had a mildly successful post today."
"MFW I finally download Reddit Enhancement Suite...."
"What i feel like when somebody says YOLO"
"It was at the mall when I heard it..."
"Who said it!?"
"One of you is going to do this eventually"
"haha"
"Going to a Wii U Event in Hollywood today"
"Shit Balls"
"Big balls have their disadvantages. (NSFW)"
"I Didn't Choose the Thug Life  the Thug Life Chose Me"
"Nature was kind to this pig. Then it shit on it."
"And so it begins..."
"Just a cat doing a little bit of light reading."
"beautiful lake in hawai'i"
"can't stop laughing."
"This is how I act after a heavy night of drinking"
"So close..."
"Concentrate!!... aaaaand...."
"what it feels like trying to climb to the front page"
"Eventually he'll make it to the top."
"Eye of the Tiger cat training"
"Trying to make it to the front page"
"I'd love to hear the reasoning behind this."
"Medieval Batman"
"A line between rich and poor"
"Me trying to figure out what to get for my family for Christmas..."
"today is my cake day?"
"As an American trying to apply to medical school in England"
"Don't Fuck With Bulls (NSFL)"
"more matador justice"
"Gotham Style"
"My favorite gif."
"Oppa Gotham Style."
"Used this as my yearbook quote... let's see how it goes over with the administration."
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Too many feels"
"When you walk into McDonald’s with more than five dollars:"
"How I felt realizing cakeday = instant karma"
"Steam is having a sale. 3 of the games are on my wish list."
"Just realized my cakeday is coming up this week."
"How I feel walking into McDonald's with a couple dollars"
"Ctrl + Shift + N"
"I haven't laughed out loud in a while...until this."
"Animal Crossing bringing a disabled mother and family together [GIF]"
"When I walk into the cafeteria at school and no one is in the sandwich line"
"And I was like  PEW PEW PEW!"
"Thanks  Nordstrom."
"One holiday at a time"
"/b/ is organizing this to happen on 9/11"
"Seal"
"Typed &quot;gay seal&quot; in google to find the cartoon of a seal yelling &quot;Gaaaay!&quot;... this was on the first page."
"So I googled &quot;gay seal&quot;"
"Seal"
"Colin Mochrie at his best"
"Love  Kanye."
"Kanye you got a present."
"My friend trained the strongest baby the other day..."
"Yes  it's from Japan (xpost from /r/pics)"
"The Kentucky Derpy"
"Face-swap?"
"My new favorite Face Swap!"
"I googled &quot;wat&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"Face-swap!"
"I didn't come from your rib..."
"Not for the squeamish"
"How I feel when someone makes a [FIXED] version of my post... [FIXED]"
"The Hamburglar Strikes!"
"The kid equivalent of doing shots"
"The worst way to go"
"Tyrone is getting his shit together"
"ET"
"Bubble pop"
"We call ourselves... Rage Against The Empire"
"Who wants to go shopping?"
"Just two regular dudes lifting up a little dude..."
"Nine layer density tower  brought to you by science."
"One More Theory"
"Snarfle snarfle nom!"
"That tickles!"
"So happy"
"Friends daughter did this  thought you all might enjoy."
"Friends daughter did this  thought Reddit might enjoy."
"At least he knows his anatomy..."
"Out of my chair Grandma"
"Here's how I feel today."
"How I felt after cleaning my room this afternoon"
"So I raced a Tiburon today..."
"He thinks he's people"
"So my friend took her dog to the park today..."
"Can someone give me a boost here?!"
"Clint Eastwood's view on gay marriage (x-post from r/atheism)"
"What the &quot;Dirty&quot; guy said."
"Clint Eastwood on same-sex marriage"
"So this showed up on my news feed..."
"I hate when this happens..."
"How successful redditors must feel about acquiring karma when they make a new post."
"Superman is apparently a bitch."
"That's one way to be swept off your feet"
"My favorite gif"
"I'll ask for a sequel to something too!"
"Epic paper plane guide."
"Paper airplanes."
"Old  but it cracks me up everytime."
"If you believe in yourself  you can..."
"Deranged Dinosaur"
"How I feel when I want to make a gif"
"obama sempai"
"&lt;3 NPH"
"How I feel when I post something on here and nobody upvotes it."
"Valley of Fire State Park  Nevada"
"Coming home 40.000BC [pic]"
"Whenever my Mom's home from the grocery store and she bought snacks."
"Thought a few in here might enjoy this"
"Coming back to a successful comment after several hours"
"Happy Corgi"
"Feel as though this is one of the greatest  yet most underrated RPG"
"So I was browsing club pictures when suddenly..."
"Chris Brown's Rihanna Tattoo"
"Bad tattoo level: Chris Brown"
"When my computer bricks."
"this little girl is a badass."
"SHOTS"
"How door keys work"
"BOOOOOSSSHHHHH"
"No time to explain"
"Gets me every time."
"That feeling you get when one of your post finally becomes somewhat successful."
"Don't fuck with cats."
"Dat Violet City Vibe."
"Last Supper Scientists"
"What is it?"
"Winter Cuddle"
"I'm pretty sure this is the cutest thing I have ever seen"
"[10] dog doing what a [10] dog does."
"The Chiefs are so bad they actually killed a man"
"The Chiefs are so bad they actually killed a guy"
"It's the simple things."
"sniper hovering"
"When my mom told me that there are funnier photos on Facebook than Reddit."
"When my friend tells me her boyfriend doesn't watch porn"
"When Christians tell me I'm going to hell."
"Whenever a post contains the words  &quot;my girlfriend.&quot;"
"Your friends' reaction when you tell them you're not drinking tonight [FIXED]"
"meow"
"When a cute girl smiles at me..."
"The first time I got over 100 upvotes"
"Girlfriend suggested that we start having sex on one of those webcam modeling sites to raise some extra money."
"Roomba/Weapon owners on Reddit today"
"WE HIT 30 000 BROS!!!!!!!!!!!"
"How I feel seeing an ex that got chubby over the summer."
"Don't blink!"
"Fuck everything about this."
"Our house."
"Does anyone know where I could get a print of this?"
"This describes my life."
"Exactly how this week played out"
"Now that it's Friday  I'm sure this is how the week is gonna finish."
"Never fall asleep when Batman's around."
"Did someone say carrots? (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"I see your seapig  and raise you the cute axolotl"
"So this happened yesterday in Cincinnati  OH. 86 car pile up."
"Look what I can do!"
"Mmm...You do this so well!!!"
"8 millions and 1 employed"
"A+ for creativity."
"Genius."
"Caturday? Nope."
"When I'm upstairs and I hear company"
"Are you feeling it now  Mr. Krabs?"
"My new best friend"
"Morgan Freeman as Count Dracula on The Electric Company"
"Morgan Freeman as Count Dracula on The Electric Company"
"Bird playing in a fountain"
"Just a chocolate dipped cockatiel..."
"Why I'm afraid to let my dog stick his head out the car window."
"Dog says &quot;I wanna run too!!!&quot;"
"A whole new meaning for the word 'frustration'."
"The Art of Animals"
"Falcon Punch! (xpost from r/funny)"
"It's all about the invisible man in the sky... (x-post from r/wallpapers)"
"Pain at its finest (NSFW)"
"Math...NOOOOOOO!!!"
"When my friend starts talking about The Dark Knight Rises  and I haven't seen it yet."
"My reaction when someone brings up politics in a friendly conversation"
"Levitation cat"
"Introducing... Younger Colbert"
"Ice-T been working out"
"Popped up on my FB feed."
"Shut the fuck up and let me die in peace."
"How r/Athiesm Actually Is"
"Me after giving my girlfriend head  post orgasm..."
"How i feel after being on reddit all day"
"Abbey Road"
"Upon finding out Hostess is possibly closing down. No more Twinkies  Oatmeal Cream Pies"
"Just the Mayor of Reykjavik dressed as Obi Wan  with Yoko Ono &amp; Lady Gaga"
"Mayor of Reykjavik met Lady Gaga and Yoko Ono  dressed up as Obi-Wan Kenobi"
"Party Pig!!!!"
"Apocalypse pig."
"Coming This Year on Shark Week"
"What is underneath Tickle-Me-Elmo's cuddly exterior"
"Every time I try to get fancy with my dance moves..."
"what happens when people ask me to pay for food after i brought the weed"
"Don't fuck with cobra cat."
"When I see someone pull their underwear out of their ass..."
"Where could it have gone?"
"Trying to figure out which on of these 3 guys is the biggest jackass.....tough call"
"The Ultimate Gaming Setup!"
"On an unrelated note"
"I still laugh every time I see this."
"An(g)us Pounder"
"Lets celebrate Columbus Day together"
"Columbus Day"
"Easier than your sister."
"Checkmate  Atheists."
"When my girlfriend wants to talk about marriage"
"Apparently  me in a relationship."
"Just found out my insane ex gf is moving all the way across the country  without calling or telling me. This is happening as a result"
"When my mom is asking me to do chores"
"He has my vote"
"Every Day This Seems Like a Better Option."
"Fits so beautifully"
"feline disrespect from behind"
"Only in Japan..[NSFW]"
"Japanese porn is wierd..."
"Ever have one of &quot;those&quot; days?"
"found this while searching for 'foot tattoos' on google"
"Bat Embryo. That is all."
"The Internet forever changed us"
"I has feets."
"How I feel when asked a math question."
"This is why you stick to dogs"
"Come here poochy! Oh god stop  stop."
"Now  play dead kitty!! play dead!"
"Great conversational piece...."
"Doritos? Yes please!"
"Having fun isn't hard"
"Having fun isn't hard when you [Fixed]"
"How I feel after power hour."
"Blrhrglghrhr..."
"Go home Flamingo you're drunk."
"I almost forgot  It's NO SHAVE NOVEMBER! Stay Classy Gentlemen!!!!!"
"Don't judge us"
"Party chicken."
"Some Kitty That You Used to Know"
"This kinda looks like Taylor Swift...do you think she'll release an album about a magazine calling her names?"
"Eye Stitches"
"Dammit  Spongebob!"
"Meanwhile  in Canada (x-post from r/Canada)"
"I don't see how anything could go wrong.."
"Hey mommy  look!"
"because this is what i love staring at when im peeing"
"Ah ah ah Choo! Aw shiiit"
"So i came down with the Flu  and this is probably my worst fear right now"
"What a shitty day."
"Public Showers"
"Here's another photo from the flooding in Ireland..."
"Is it cold in here?"
"Face = Priceless"
"Gunzerker Style"
"Gandalf Style!"
"I was walking through my high schools hallways during an assembly and this was all i could think of"
"World record water ski"
"Witness the death of a meme"
"Ehr Ma Gerd!"
"Made in vagina"
"She learned the hard way"
"Cannot unsee"
"A reliable weapon."
"Maximum Coverage"
"How I feel watching a Jeff Dunham special...."
"This is how adult teeth sit in the child’s skull patiently waiting to come out."
"What a childs skull looks like growing adult teath."
"Just searching Imgur when!!!!"
"ummmmmmmm....."
"What I look like in physics class."
"Man gets hit by train"
"How I play Skyrim after installing a new graphics card"
"Welp  my first cake day."
"Target understands"
"A North Korean truck retrofitted to run on burning wood..."
"A truck  retrofitted to run on a barrel of burning wood  stops on a road in Hamhung  North Korea"
"Every family photo."
"They grow up so fast"
"But... why?"
"Whenever I go to a buffet"
"NFL Replacement Ref Training Program Revealed! [xpost /r/calvinandhobbes]"
"You probably thought this frog was alive."
"What do you mean I'm not a bear???"
"This is Unbearable!"
"What do you mean I'm not a bear?"
"Pug Life"
"Pop some tags"
"When I Awoke I Spent That On a Collar"
"Hate this feeling"
"I'm 46  and I would love to have a room like this"
"Open your mouth and take a minute to relax"
"Our subway chart here in Finland is slightly different than in other places."
"Just had a breakup. Stalker mode activated!"
"Curved Monitor"
"Mind blown"
"Sandy in my country(dominican republic)"
"Beyonce's new music video"
"Browsing reddit while listening to Dupstep. Was not to dissapoint."
"Saw the gif on /r/WTF. Seemed like a good combination to me"
"20 Levitating Animals."
"This is awesome."
"Kiss cam gone terribly wrong."
"Bacon sunrise"
"I don't even..."
"I kind of like the new recruitment ad for the Army."
"Mission Accomplished"
"Upvote GAGNAM STYLE!!"
"No matter what  you will never be this badass"
"Extreme Makeover Japan Edition"
"lolwut"
"Finally something outspoken Republicans and Democrats can enjoy together."
"I watched this for longer than I should have."
"What he really listens to"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Cage"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Cage"
"I'm not sure whether I should laugh or be terrified."
"This is... Hmm."
"Current Indoctinational System."
"Reddit's back!!"
"How I felt when my girlfriend texted me that she got her period after being late."
"When my girlfr[ent] decided to start smoking weed"
"When you realize your teacher is absent"
"Keep doing what you're doing Target"
"How I feel about the elections"
"Was gonna suggest steroids  buttttttttt"
"[No Description]"
"Ready  aim  Fire!"
"The big guns"
"What does it look like I'm doing?"
"A Redditor's life coach"
"When the theme to my high school graduation was #YOLO..."
"How I imagine New York during hurricane Sandy."
"For all the Halloween and Star War posts"
"Obama's New Campaign"
"Horsing around"
"My response to all the &quot;My grandparent just learned how to internet - here's the result&quot; posts"
"Cause this is Thriller!"
"Thriller Kitty"
"Shi..shi..shi..shi..shi..... shiiitttt...."
"My mates first reaction to /r/spacedicks."
"Graceful Leap."
"This sums up my first experience with Mirror's Edge pretty well"
"Whenever I try to hit on someone attractive"
"I AM...THE ONE!!!"
"Well  that escalated...very gradually."
"I don't even..."
"I guess I found out I know a fundie  she posted this..."
"Carrying the package"
"I wish I was a dog just so I could wear this costume."
"Slightly weird pics"
"I was jogging in downtown Austin  TX. This guy was taking his giant pet fish for a swim!"
"My reaction to realizing I accidentally posted my GIF in r/pics."
"No regrets there  chicken?"
"Whore's got to eat too. Thing is they usually have decent covers: http://www.wheretraveler.com/classic/archive.html"
"Deadmau5"
"Every time I get a blowjob"
"Went to my first dubstep show last night. This is how I felt the whole time."
"When my 12 yr old sister tells a fundie earthquakes are a result of plate tectonics and not god"
"Getting my first upvote..."
"The appropriate response when asked to go to happy hour."
"My face when I'm one of the few people at school who can grow facial hair."
"you dont get more badass than little timmy"
"Endangering the public? That's a paddlin'"
"Boo."
"I would shit bricks"
"Mom was worried about my trip to the mines of Moria  sent her this picture."
"She meant college courses..."
"It's retarted."
"Spiderman in the Ghetto"
"The only problem with editing of Facebook"
"Uplifting words. I feel sorry for that baby though."
"Even Twi-Hards know this!"
"Twi-Hard much?"
"Trying to get your friends attention.."
"When my friends team kill me at a sleepover..."
"Whenever I try to take part in a conversation"
"So it begins. The greatest barrel roll of our time..."
"Do not pass go  do not collect $200"
"No offense  but this one made me laugh big time"
"No chances whatsoever."
"I see your Iraqi Monopoly &amp; raise you Black monopoly"
"When I know something you don't"
"What happens when the internet doesn't work"
"The audience at the 3D Star Wars movie when they realize it entails Jar Jar Binks in 3D"
"When I found out we had to move the clocks forward an hour"
"So this is me when Ellen DeGeneres starts dancing."
"How to spot a redditor"
"Drinkin Soda...."
"Shameow"
"Deadmau5 just posted this pic."
"Deadmau5 always has the best cat photos..."
"When I see somebody made a Facebook profile for their animal"
"The moment when I looked for the downvote button on a Google image search result"
"The art of kitten flight"
"My neighbor thinks a dog has been shitting on his yard"
"You sir  are brilliant"
"I was only there for the ice-cream!"
"Cat ping pong."
"Pure Happiness"
"The first time I had sex."
"MFW all the barbells at my gym are Texas Power Bars"
"Obama's Divided Nation"
"Floating hot tub boat...SUATMM! (x-post from r/seattle)"
"I would pay so much money to take this out on Lake Union"
"Give it your best shot  Dad!"
"i have a glandular problem!"
"How I feel trying to impress the opposite sex"
"Being asked to donate to my college"
"I don't give a fuck"
"It's a little early but I found my costume for halloween next year."
"Guitar Lessons"
"cant stop laughing."
"Me trying to read the Obama AMA"
"Trying to look at the Obama AMA thread..."
"Friend of mine falls 20 feet onto concrete. Ladder lands on his face. Eight fractures in his vertebrae  multiple broken ribs  and a concussion. He got up and walked inside a couple of minutes after this."
"I'm afraid we need to use.............math."
"When I make a sarcastic comment on Reddit"
"what partic's RCT1 park would be like."
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding"
"After making the front page"
"Hunting(xpost)"
"SRS is gonna get ya!"
"What the fuck is facebook coming to these days?"
"facebook goes too far...."
"I had to let her die"
"Ignore if you want Grandma to die. (FB)"
"It's just getting out of hand [Pulled from FB]"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Well  Shit."
"5:00 On A Friday"
"saw my ex at a party"
"I was tired of airplanes  narwhals  and Tyrion Lannister  so I made a new upvote .gif. Enjoy!"
"Dog confused by escalator."
"down+B"
"Fuck you  princess"
"Unconventional USB drives."
"What the flying fuck...?"
"He slipped and fell..."
"Fisting: You're doing it wrong."
"Found this on the Facebook page of a club in Glasgow... Confused isn't the word."
"I wish working was really like this."
"The first time I smoked an all kief bowl"
"New branding...one of my friends sent me this from middle of nowhere(east)....."
"drunk Shoe designer!"
"Chinesse Epic Fail"
"Story if my life."
"Saw this guy today at KFC.."
"Colonel...what are you doing"
"Poor Guy"
"This painting is made of pure awesome sauce"
"Banana Phone"
"Have A Heart  Tin-Man"
"Today I was at the mall blasting music..."
"FOAM PARTY! - Extreme sea foam - Imgur"
"Da nose knows"
"Just Dwight"
"Felt pretty awkward when I restarted my computer at the apple store and this was my screensaver."
"Infestation of ticks on the head of a snake. Some of those ticks are HUGE."
"I wish I had this kind of confidence.."
"99% of the arguments in /r/politics"
"High School Yearbook Pictures of Rock and Metal Icons"
"Priorities"
"Google searched: &quot;average redditor&quot; this is the 3rd result."
"An ad on the bus in my city."
"When I go to the gym and there's a yoga class in progress [OC]"
"Classic Louis CK [FIXED]"
"Got violently attacked by a wasp today  this is all I could think"
"This is as sick as it gets."
"Proof that blondes have more fun! (x-post from r/pics)"
"My friend's new profile picture  taken in Cambodia."
"Snowball champion"
"Adorable"
"After ending a 5 year relationship"
"How I feel with everyone getting steam gifts from random people on Reddit"
"How I felt when I found out that Kristen Stewart cheated on Robert Pattinson"
"How I feel as a PS3 owner waiting for Dawnguard..."
"25 Years Later This Is Haymitch's Reaction To Losing His Family"
"God In a Nutshell"
"my sex life in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"So I googled 'Patrick Star' - I will never be the same."
"Wtf Patrick..."
"Humans"
"OAG vs OAM"
"Justin Bieber pukes onstage"
"Who let the dogs out"
"Sexually Assaulted Fly"
"anytime some kid tries to explain why first generation pokemon sucked..."
"Optical Illusion"
"Illusion [Pic]"
"Can I have one?"
"I honestly tried  but I couldn't resist. Who could possibly resist this face?"
"Wall of Water [x-post from r/pics]"
"Fun Fact."
"This is how my dog poops"
"Getting to number 1 on a subreddit with under 1000 readers."
"The farther I scroll down /r/gonewild"
"The collapse of a shark tank at a science center in Kuwait."
"Yeah  on second thought  I'd rather watch you shoe shop  dear."
"For Megan"
"ATATATATATAT"
"When I post on Reddit"
"Camo dog"
"When you see it."
"At dawn  we ride!"
"+20C / -20C  what's the difference? Only in Canada."
"Found on FB... Only in Canada"
"Shameless.... Parenting..."
"This guys dad deserves the Father of the Year award."
"After being insulted on Reddit."
"As a new PC Gamer switching from Xbox. This sums up my first BF3 match."
"X-Ray of a 250lb woman and a 120lb woman"
"No Longer Alone"
"no longer alone"
"Not So Happily Ever After - &quot;Fallen Princesses&quot;"
"He just wants a hug!"
"cute bunny"
"&quot;Hug?&quot; said the bunny to the lawn mower."
"TIL: This used to be called something else."
"Wee Woo"
"?"
"How i feel when i do everything in an addicting game"
"How I feel writing the date after classes start again."
"Just heard that No Doubt and Green Day are putting out new singles and was like..."
"After browsing Reddit for 8 hours straight..."
"After playing PokeMMO"
"How I feel after ten days with no power and no running water because of Hurricane Sandy."
"DERP"
"THIS IS REDDIT!"
"Started Season 1 again last night  had to make this gif"
"Elephants got hugge [NSFW]"
"Fuck your mind"
"It's either very good  or very bad  to be known as a world famous gynecologist"
"Zombie Nation"
"Football rage comic style"
"little boy is not impressed"
"I spent my Saturday cleaning an enormous mold infestation out of my basement; so on my Saturday night I now sit in my bleach-filled house looking around on IMGUR. I'd cry too  kid."
"like dis if you cry evry time."
"How i feel after job hunting with no luck"
"How I feel finally getting paid after the Steam Summer Sale has ended."
"What happens when a girl invites to hang out  then &quot;slyly&quot; adds the fact that she's having some problems with her computer."
"So  My phone got stolen  I was forced to spend all day with my GF and her parents  and I woke up this morning and found out yesterday was my cakeday..."
"Fuck you I'm a horse"
"Halloween is in a couple months  don't forget the best method for trolling the little ones."
"Hail storm in Alberta  Canada... [FIXED]"
"Pfffffffff.....pbbbbbbffffffffffff..."
"The truth is..."
"9/11/11. Never forget..."
"I love this man..."
"But I can't. More Magneto and Gandalf!!!"
"Pucker up  Pumpkin"
"Slide kitten"
"When I think I've finally broken free from Reddit"
"There was a spider..."
"Awwww ^___^"
"I would like to cash in my monopoly card now."
"Reddit Monopoly"
"I'm super  thanks for asking!"
"9 ways guys pee."
"Watch out  ladies."
"Lady killer"
"Ran into this little guy while I was swimming today"
"Gangnam Style"
"Walk the Dinosaur"
"When I realize it's after 9 and appetizers are half-priced at Applebees"
"If it fits..."
"Whenever people make puns about the theatre shooting"
"Whaaaa?"
"ummm......"
"Nuclear explosion photographed less than one millisecond after detonation."
"How to get a female redditor into your pants"
"Baby Holster"
"Hitler[AoE] has joined the game"
"I laughed more than i should have."
"I believe this pic accurately shows what a [10] feels like."
"Slothstronaut"
"United States of Space"
"Seems legit.... Where do I sign?"
"Seriously!!??"
"Western Sky will give you $5 000 in your checking account. All you have to do is pay them back almost $41 000 over the next 7 years.."
"He wished for his dad to come home"
"How'd you get up there  fat cat?"
"Teacup pig wearing gumboots"
"How I imagine myself the day I make the front page"
":O"
"Bottled Water... this is how they tricked us into thinking it's superior"
"Old Pic.. But I will never understand"
"wait for it..."
"When good content turns out to be a repost"
"Still my favorite gif ever."
"Mitt Romney trying to hit President Obama on what the President said about Libya in the Rose Garden. - Imgur"
"CSI Zoom"
"When I see a post in r/funny make the front page that isn't funny at all."
"How do you know?"
"Every time I hear someone say &quot;YOLO&quot;."
"After browsing r/4chan for too long"
"My face when a friend suggested I leave my number on a napkin for my cute waiter with the lyrics to &quot;Call me Maybe.&quot;"
"Thinking about logging on Facebook."
"How I feel seeing all these messed-up toes posts lately."
"An unreal  beautiful ass"
"I watched Django Unchained last night. I couldn't stop thinking about this."
"Because wolves are so cliche...."
"Is that a.. but he's not going to... OH SHIT"
"Harry Potter's Mexican...?"
"Urgh [NSFL]"
"For my cakeday I give you all the imgur links i have bookmarked in the last year"
"Baby sloth cuddling a plush  cutest thing ever."
"FOX news strikes again..."
"Uh oh...."
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"Good advertising??"
"I hope their parents can't hear through those walls..."
"Awesome Mural on the Side of a Building"
"How I feel anytime I get downvoted"
"My Reaction To My Post Getting Downvoted Almost Instantly"
"Could somebody please tell me where this GIF is from? I love it intensely."
"When I introduce two of my friends to each other and they start hanging out without me."
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 9 minutes.&quot;"
"chuckel bros face gif"
"Yo  dawg  we heard you like cats"
"A Redditor's couch."
"Turn the tables on your cat! Repost? DO NOT CARE!"
"Soon..."
"The most eloquent &quot;fuck you&quot; to YOLO I've ever seen."
"So I heard that Reddit like owls..."
"Owls. You freak me out."
"Whenever I see a picture of a owl on aww...I think of this gif."
"...I think I'm in the wrong neighborhood"
"A bridge in Westminster"
"You naughty  naughty Sun!"
"He's got a point."
"dafuq??"
"The dance so dangerous  it was banned"
"For Safety."
"How I Feel When I See a Funny Pun"
"When I get a reference on Reddit"
"Try a vaporizer  they said. Come on a car ride  they said"
"Round Round Cat"
"Prison inmate has FBI do his dirty work."
"Why doesn't my favorite candidate ever run for election anymore?"
"What's wrong Nietzsche?"
"Whenever I see my teacher using Chrome"
"Whenever I see someone driving the same car as me"
"As a Steelers fan living in Philly  this is my reaction every time I see someone with a Steelers shirt on"
"Can't Get Me"
"Level Level: Level"
"A real team player"
"Commitment to the cause"
"If humans were famous internet animals"
"You know you've been on internet too much..."
"Internet trends"
"NC State needs more buses..."
"Catman"
"Meow the Dark Knight Rises!"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art"
"My wife painted this... What to you guys think??"
"My girlfriend's art amazes me..."
"My girlfriend drew this self portrait. [OC]"
"My girlfriend drew this self portrait [OC]"
"Amazing reflexes"
"Rest in peace  good friend."
"4chan at its best"
"Sad Eli"
"Lightning [PIC]"
"What should you do if you find an Athiest?"
"'Request' This picture as (1920x1080)"
"Friendz"
"I'm a fan of mystery novels  but I can't say I've read this one."
"Oppan Jackman Style!"
"&quot;I'm checking this tire  then we c...&quot;"
"Fastest way to remove a shirt."
"Number one karma whore"
"High kitteh! [first one]"
"Cleaning cloth that came with my glasses"
"It's not rape if you say surprise sex first (courtesy of thechive)"
"This isn't what it looks like  I swear!"
"The funniest moment on scrubs"
"Meeting a Redditor IRL"
"Well  that's a shame."
"Anyone else noticed this?"
"What the fuck dude!"
"How I felt as soon as I started the Slender game"
"Sleeping Kitten"
"What is your favorite gif ever? Here's mine..."
"Still the best gif ever."
"We call ourselves Samurai Rambo"
"The Greatest Bloodsport Gif"
"Hello..."
"Oh"
"80 000 volts through a flower"
"These names are getting ridiculous."
"When I find out the girl I like loves one direction"
"I told my boyfriend I had to get a colonoscopy over text message  this is what he sent back in reply..."
"Conan Rock"
"OHMYGODSTAHP!"
"They feel left out"
"How my friend responded when I said it was my cake day."
"Fuck you and your giant images"
"What I imagine I am doing every time I run to make the yellow light before right it turns"
"Only in America..."
"You'll regret it"
"Getting my first penta kill"
"So you're really into babies and anime right???"
"Paula Breen"
"Mar Gusta"
"Second try at a downvote gif."
"How I feel on r/new"
"Do you feel it?"
"Guess who!"
"Well does he???"
"So worth it"
"Textbook slide tackle"
"So I told him  best I can do is $300"
"MFW I'm sitting in afternoon lecture  after eating tons of greasy pizza for lunch."
"This guy."
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"LOL JK"
"Whatcha thinking about Bear?"
"The Golden Age of Video Game Music"
"The whole legality issue summed up in a single image"
"Darick Doener tow surfing BIG waves Outside Sunset  North Shore  Hawaii"
"The real online predator..."
"chewing gum at a [7]"
"1985 prediction of what Michael Jackson would look like in the year 2000"
"Sounds Legit. x-post StandUpShots"
"Believers answer to everything they can't explain"
"Whose war is it anyway?"
"Little fur guy"
"There just aren't any words for this level of cute"
"To infinity and beyond!"
"Hmm..."
"Games for rage quitters (r/gaming xpost)"
"Nigga Treyshon"
"I wish you the best of luck"
"You Should Drink More Water"
"Hello Friend  You Should Drink More Water."
"Overly attached Water"
"I need to get this scratching post for my cat."
"Which of these men would you rather have run your country?"
"Instagram? Could be Reddit as well"
"I want this to cover a whole wall in my apartment..."
"This oughta get me to the front page  right?"
"Cat riding bacon"
"The overlord of Reddit."
"For my cakeday I googled &quot;get me to the front page.&quot; The Internet delivered."
"Thank you Reddit.."
"Doing nothing with a chicken on the rocks"
"Reddit in a nutshell (credit to kawaiipiranha for the gif)"
"For anyone who wants to know whats its like to be on co-op at an RIT research lab"
"For anyone who wants to know what its like to be on co-op at an RIT research lab"
"The Watcher."
"I Fear No Evil.."
"LOOK OUT! It's a FEROCIOUS...tiger?"
"Wow  water looks just wonderfu-NOPE."
"I've never been so creeped out by seaweed."
"0-BAM-a"
"When a &quot;Bro&quot; tries to buy my girlfriend a drink in the club"
"What Obama did to Reddit.."
"Mind=blown"
"Reverse trick or treat"
"Derp"
"I whip my hair back and derp"
"Playing a game on easy may not be a challenge  but it makes you feel like a badass"
"Action Movies"
"using mods"
"H-Bomb on Surface Ships  Bikini Islands"
"I make pants."
"Well... He ain't got a thing on me!"
"Why Elmer Fudd hates rabbits so much."
"Skill vs Fame  a chart"
"lol"
"I felt sleepy/happy after watching this a few times"
"It has been a loooong day..."
"I haven't had a cigarette since Monday  This is how I feel right about now..."
"Doing my algebra homework"
"How I felt when I realized I missed my cake day"
"My reaction after having 20 posts and just 6 karma."
"Not having school tomorrow but having no power so I can't go on Reddit"
"Skaters Gonna Skate"
"We all need more time..."
"Oh! Dat ass...."
"Your Magic Underwear is Showing..."
"and just like that  her life was ruined."
"Somebody grab me a time machine  I need to be here!"
"Obama On a Poll"
"My reaction to the Zack Braff Gonewild twitter thing..."
"Nose maggots (NSFL)"
"When your crush is behind you..."
"Reddit's reaction to anything related to Morgan Freeman."
"MY EYE!"
"Irony?"
"Donald Duck [fixed]"
"a baby highland cattle"
"Im a little tea cup..."
"When my wife asks if I want to have sex."
"When I don't know anyone at a party and then a friend walks in"
"GTFO!"
"4chan predicts the start of S5.5"
"Why kids need to be supervised for science fair experiments."
"statuetory rape?"
"TIGER DERP BLOOD"
"Mustard Guy"
"Could you compliment the cook for me please?"
"Hitting the gym."
"Why would you do this"
"He's a seal pup"
"I want to meet this kid's parents"
"Still the greatest partytime picture ive personally come across"
"Trying to comment on the top post of askreddit"
"I can't accomplish anything."
"When my submission gets a ton of upvotes."
"Recent Photoshop of a friend  am I doing it right? (His name is Steve too and continues to deny he looks like him)"
"How I felt when my friend used the word &quot;weed&quot; in a head shop earlier today"
"I'm only submitting this so I can save the image."
"Coming back to reddit after an absence"
"why do i wait?"
"That moment you realize you just finished watching all the episodes of your favorite show"
"My first (and only) time on r/incest"
"I just noticed this..."
"After reading countless christian facebook responses..."
"The new trend"
"Every time I'm on facebook"
"I think this speaks for itself."
"This is still the best face swap I've seen in a while."
"He has been reassigned."
"Link's got a way with ladies"
"When I am drunk trying to decide who to talk to...."
"I laughed harder than I should have."
"My friend had a major cancer operation  almost died  but somehow he gives a shit whether or not my crappy reddit post makes the front page"
"To the people in r/new who make my reddit experience so awesome for so long this is for you."
"Something's fishy about this picture...."
"The stupid is strong with this one."
"In the jungle  the migh-AWW FUCK"
"Fuck the police"
"Went to the museum today. Fought some pretty strong urges."
"When I call someone out and they delete their comment"
"Mad Cow"
"You want some of this? You want some of this!!?"
"nah bitch."
"One year of Reddit  here is an album of the pictures I've accumulated."
"So you say your not afraid of spiders..."
"My relationship with Reddit"
"Wait till you see my dick"
"What I want to do when my friends tell me about my blacked out escapades."
"Fuck the Police!"
"My favourite Stephen Hawking quote."
"The best use of the force. (FIXED)"
"Can You Suck More?"
"Flawless landing"
"Some people are so stupid.."
"I challenge you  TO A DUEL!"
"Water tension"
"Admit it. You did a double take."
"Nail'd it?"
"The Incredible Cat"
"I see your snake in a hat..."
"I always want to get into r/politics  but in the end..."
"How I feel when I hear a white person using the word &quot;Swag&quot; non-ironically"
"Just found out that my professor doesn't take attendance."
"Your move Jesus."
"Haters  gonna hate."
"Aurora Australis  as seen from the International Space Station"
"Paid a bill and got this..."
"The closest we will all get to the beautiful Emma Watson"
"Clowns do not feed on &quot;Happiness&quot; of Children."
"its my cake day. im not anything special so heres my background i drew up"
"What I would give to be there..."
"They don't"
"What is this I don't even..."
"You know you do this every morning in front of the mirror..."
"Don't look at me  where are my feathers dammit?"
"murat"
"I found this in the freezer at work. Inexplicable."
"ICE ICE BABIES!"
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours (xpost from r/funny"
"Every Pot has its lid. (x-post from wtf)"
"Glacier fed Moraine Lake - situated in the Valley of the Ten Peaks outside the Village of Lake Louise  Alberta  Canada [2560x1600]"
"Ronald Mcdonald showing his other side."
"I lost a sock today..."
"What I think when asked what I know about the history of 4th July as a British girl."
"Searched 'how to get karma on reddit' on google. This answer didn't surprise me"
"When My Friends Ask How I've Been Single For So Long"
"I wasted my lunch on this."
"When I see my friend using his left hand to control the mouse."
"Logging on and realizing I've wasted a year on reddit..."
"asked my new non-redditor roommate if i could use her cat to get karma..."
"Lynfect's AMA"
"Awesome Dad left this note on apartment door to make sure his son has the best halloween possible. (xpost from r/pics)"
"Master Thief..."
"This isnt even fair!"
"24% of people have never heard of textbooks"
"Why would some one ask this...."
"Neither?"
"My faith in humanity has been restored."
"Every redditor's worst nightmare"
"Huh...still got more votes than I would have thought..."
"Oh come on people... You could get any gay guy you want"
"An atheist's worst or best dream."
"I found a contributing factor to the impending bacon shortage."
"4 Elements"
"Having a bad day?"
"Whenever I'm trying to pass a bowl and the person doesn't turn to take it."
"Protester about to be shot by trooper. The protester did not show any sign of using Force."
"Protester about to be shot by trooper. The protester did not show any sign of using Force. (X-post from pics)"
"From facebook. The irony is killing me."
"How my friends see me at a dance club"
"When I try to submit original content to Reddit"
"Whenever I submit original content to reddit"
"Purple skies and thunder  photo taken by NASA"
"I know that feel  bro."
"Karma....(got this from no hope for the human race)"
"Eyes see you."
"Do you sell hotdogs? (randomly found picture)"
"A fire &quot;tornado&quot; in Australia."
"Does he look like a bitch?"
"Hurricane Sandy Already Wreaking Havoc on NYC Landmarks"
"Any right winged opinion on reddit"
"As long as this photo contains a contrast filter..."
"How i feel when i see a stupid meme on facebook"
"Don't mind me..."
"Construction dog"
"Lil bro's reaction when he accidentally fainted his first shiny"
"Missed my Cakeday by ONE DAY"
"Brave. Then Gif."
"A friend of mine just posted this on FB (He is the classy one) - Please  people! Have some damn manners.."
"Gamers can be sexy too"
"Don't know if repost but I ws in tears when I seen this"
"AYO POPS!"
"Ayo Pops"
"Damn Xzibit..."
"Cannot  reach!"
"&quot;We left him there sobbing  soaked in piss  with our poz loads in his cunt.&quot;"
"What I see whenever I see Rob Dyrdek lately  specifically on Ridiculousness."
"How I imagine people from other countries picturing me once they find out I'm American."
"Myth busted!!!"
"How I feel as a convert from Digg."
"I will survive!"
"Here's something my girlfriend drew. Give me karma."
"he is growing a moustach"
"Reddit to be featured on The Big Bang Theory this Thursday"
"An all new meaning to &quot;Crotch Shot&quot;."
"Best friends..."
"WTF is goin on here???!!?!"
"Love a bath!"
"when the girl i like tells me that we're just freinds"
"I bought one too  but mines broke."
"Destroy them with cats!"
"Overcoming the friend-zone"
"Friendzone level: -1?"
"I submit this beauty to you all on my day of cake"
"Just because I can't pronounce the location  doesn't make it any less amazing. Plitvicka Jezera  Croatia [700 X 466]"
"Touch me again  I dare you"
"My response to all the Anne Hathaway .gifs recently"
"The poor man's turducken."
"Sign in store window prior to presidential visit"
"DIABEETUS."
"Take notes  Hollywood. This is how action movies are done."
"Fuck logic  best special effects ever."
"bored"
"Only in Bollywood."
"TIL That Deadpool is a dick."
"Kitty!"
"My 4 year old asked to see a picture of Frankenstein. I don't think he will ever pet our kitty again. Thanks Google."
"Homeland Security"
"Oh deer god"
"Oh deer god [FIXED]"
"How I fight in my dreams..."
"When I find my family watching a movie downstairs without me"
"NOPE !!"
"Every FIFA game ever"
"When I realized today that my 5 year old Mac can run Warcraft 3 and I could've been playing all this time:"
"Look into my crystal balls..... and then my tights."
"Meanwhile in England..."
"You're Awesome"
"Can anyone tell me what video this is from? (gif found courtesy of Thatsupercoolguy)"
"Remember fellow ents:"
"How enormously insignificant you are"
"Just a reminder that... [Fixed]"
"How Significant We Are"
"How I feel when I view replies to my comment on YouTube"
"Because that would be delicious!"
"Check out my new speakers!"
"How I picture the girls over at /r/gonewild/"
"The moment of impact — a tank shell rips through a group of Syrian rebels in Aleppo  Syria. (Credit and link to full gallery in the comments)"
"Just another soccer fight"
"Most amazing water slide I have ever seen"
"Keep back from the platform edge or...what!?! 0.0"
"Are you trying to seduce me?"
"How my cat acts when I put her on a lease."
"Fearless Cat"
"One fearless kitty."
"I wonder how many lives it's got left?"
"A good question..."
"Philosaraptor Skyrim"
"Something isn't right here"
"I've always wondered..."
"If the Bible says you must marry the person that raped you.."
"Comic con and religious people"
"Mom  dad... I'm gay"
"What I see every time I close my windows."
"why so serious?"
"Found this on my brother's computer under DogDog.jpg"
"The proper way of getting away from Mormons when they stop you on the sidewalk."
"Lost our best friend this morning to a stroke/paralysis"
"How I feel about the Train Simulator. Or the Steam sale in general"
"We sure love our sugar"
"Angkor ..."
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"But my mom says I'm cool..."
"Fuck this guy"
"I showed my mum R/AWW and now she wants to join Reddit"
"He knows everything."
"Surface tension"
"When I see people post depressing things on facebook."
"Veggie man"
"Just showed up on my newsfeed"
"Dat jacket... (X-post from /r/funny)"
"Ultimate reddit fashion"
"Probably one of the best photobombs I have seen"
"Oh hai there"
"Little guy"
"Grandpa was always an asshole...(X-Post from r/wtf)"
"I couldn't resist. I had to make this."
"Hey hey hey!"
"ninja kitty!"
"I was scrolling through facebook when suddenly..."
"Angry Birds has nothing on this guy."
"Oh no  he's giving me that look again."
"What everyone wants"
"I don't think I wanna go back"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Astounded otter"
"The only argument ever needed."
"A Milky Way Shadow at Loch Ard Gorge"
"Can't...stop...staring. [NSFW]"
"Beans"
"Hates Gonna Hate"
"party in aisle 15!"
"sounds like a pretty nice little saturday"
"Must be a different type of hardware store."
"Cleanup on Aisle 15!!!"
"Some people just need one aisle for all their &quot;supplies&quot;.."
"Time to build an ant farm"
"I made this for my Cake Day yesterday  but got distracted. Browsing. Reddit. [Resubmitted due to r/pics removal. No need to upvote!]"
"We're all beautiful on the inside [NSFW]"
"Just a broken gif of dwight."
"Space Shuttle Endeavor lifting off!"
"Magnificent!"
"Endeavor Shuttle"
"Possibly the strangest .gif ever created"
"Look into his eyes for a solid minute w/o laughing."
"Taco Monster"
"I asked my friend what he was doing  and he sent me this. I'm a little worried for his sanity."
"a little erotic"
"I'll just leave this here.."
"This monkey loves the taco! So cute!"
"This is how I think most Christians see us."
"Me while reading the comments of GW [FIXED]"
"Leaked naked picture of Nicki Minaj [FIXED]"
"Inside out penis penetrating 18 year old girl's vagina. (VERY DISTURBING NSFW)"
"Baby Kit Fox"
"Looking at my clock after 509 days"
"So I haven't used my stopwatch in a while..."
"I see your 7106 hours  and I raise you 19 202."
"So tomorrow is July 4th and all  been saving this gif for a while now"
"Best bachelor apartment ever"
"Picture of a 747 carrying Space Shuttle Endeavour  taken from the passenger window of a C9 Pathfinder [x-post from r/spaceporn]"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Nice Elepant."
"So I googled &quot;what is reddit&quot;... this was the first image result"
"FLOOR"
"It's okay to be Takei"
"Interesting.."
"If only this worked..."
"For my cakeday  I present  my favorite image of the internet"
"My reaction to &quot;Magic Mike&quot;"
"My Current Favorite .gif"
"For when you give 0 fucks..."
"Boy brags about his bad driving and Tweets 'YOLO' before dying in a car accident. Natural selection at work."
"Darwins theory in action."
"I apologize if this is a repost  but it's looks like Drake has set Darwinism into motion."
"This game frustrated me a lot when I was a kid. Bouncing around was fun though."
"Have you found Jesus?"
"Hilarious QWOP Cosplay"
"Even Asians can't Qwop."
"LOL Racist But True XD"
"Doctor Who + Parov Stelar = This"
"I decided to compile all of my info/how-to pictures..... enjoy (NSFW because of some unsavory how-to's)"
"go yoda GO GO"
"Whenever I drop the plastic end of my retractable dog leash"
"Periodic Table"
"Oh hai. Just checking the calorie count."
"Remember when Ozzy and Sharon were preppy? Me neither..."
"A tatoo you wont regret"
"Now thats what i call dedication"
"This showed up on my newsfeed. Am I the only one that finds this creepy?"
"Can't say I have"
"What every woman needs"
"The Octomom is stripping in south Florida tonight"
"Bioshock. Big Daddy"
"When did the real world become super mario?"
"ROFL seal"
"Roflmao"
"Most Beautiful Teen Contest"
"Lindsey Lohan doing a rage face"
"like a fucking boss"
"The Hokey Pokey - Shakespearean style (x-post from /r/proper)"
"R2D2 Buckethead"
"How I feel in the morning"
"FUCK EVERYTHING"
"I'm doing good..."
"Tracy Morgan: Grammar Police"
"Brown line in Chicago experiencing some delays..."
"My boss and my reaction to walking in on two coworkers having sex in the office"
"One has to wonder how this thing reproduced..."
"3 for the price of 1 jackpot"
"Freebie!"
"Disney's Promise"
"Look!"
"Hey  look!"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Oh nothing to see here  just being a karma whore."
"I don't always repost..."
"stack 'em up"
"Me and my brothers celebrating"
"Horrified graduates flee as fighter jets attack crowd with hats"
"HIFW I hang with 1st time weed smokers"
"My reaction after my first post with +10 Upvotes"
"Why I love Newcastle Brown Ale"
"The power is your's!"
"How fucking bad-ass is this cat?"
"Well He's Obviously Paying Attention"
"But you're to cute for bacon."
"who said pigs aren't cute"
"No way! It's Norway."
"Hjelle is an amazingly beautiful quiet little town in Norway"
"How I feel when I submit a post and receive one single downvote."
"How I feel about all these 'train etiquette' posts."
"As a Swiss  after reading that the USA places us on the black list for having insufficient internet piracy laws..."
"Hoot in Hat"
"Sweet Hootie"
"Ermahgerd!"
"This isnt a car....."
"This isn't a car! - Imgur"
"NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"Birthday skeleton"
"When I see the r/aww posts with dogs confessing"
"My Shepherd Max's Halloween Costume"
"I was having a bad day...until I found this"
"Spiders love coke...right?"
"Uh...no?"
"Best Pooh movie ever."
"No  I canknot"
"Seems like every shoot I've been on so far is like this... Am I the only one?"
"Howdy! Welcome to Texas!"
"The Texas State Fair 52 foot tall icon  Big Tex  just burned."
"Big Tex of the Texas State Fair on fire."
"Oh the humanity!"
"And my giant State Fair icons FUH-LAAAAMING"
"Big Tex burns down. (X-Post r/Texas)"
"Dallas state fairs Big Tex goes up in flames!!!!"
"Big Tex  a long-running Texas state fair attraction  has died."
"HAHA  no."
"hahaha oh wait"
"when my brother says I should buy him something"
"By far  the most epic costume of Halloween! Daddy of the year right there."
"Get Away From Her You Bitch"
"I thought you said there was going to be apples"
"How I feel being a police officer working Sundays."
"Gate C34 at New York's LaGuardia Airport"
"I'm in heaven"
"What is he reading?"
"Buzz Lightyear of Star Command commands you."
"To think that I use to drink from one of these"
"It aint gonna suck itself"
"Don't be shy."
"How my wallet feels right now..."
"Steam Summer Sale in a nutshell."
"Reddit HQ"
"Does anyone have this gif without the text?"
"When I get an unexpected compliment..."
"MRW I'm in a suit and a cute girl calls me a stud."
"What's so sexy is how damn HEALTHY he looks. I mean  make-a-baby-in-me-please-we-need-to-keep-his-genes-around!"
"How I feel when I see a link with the title &quot;How I feel/felt when etc blah blah blah&quot;"
"My reaction when they cut to the other player in the watch dogs trailer."
"You did not see that coming"
"I never knew Spiderman was black."
"Star Wars"
"If you park like this  I will walk away in utter confusion"
"Autumn in Japan"
"Found this on my newsfeed today  I believe my cousin has finally found it!"
"For the people that say there is no I in team"
"Caption this."
"Love at first sight."
"Is this really how black people drink juice?"
"I made a new upvote gif. How do you guys like it?"
"My all-time favourite .gif"
"the original photobomb [x-post from r/pics]"
"'Merica!"
"No  srsly... tell me more.. you're so interesting"
"Frients and i listening to music at a [8] (xpost from gifsound)"
"Now there's some scary makeup skills (x-post from r/makeupaddiction)."
"No rock!"
"Bad rock!"
"Saw this on facebook"
"This is why I prefer the squeeze bottle..."
"Ketchup never comes out  but when it does..."
"Despair!"
"Now that no fap September is over."
"this one time at rope camp...."
"I Think They Meant To Say Rope."
"Just thought to take a moment on this glorious National AIDS Day to remember a king. Fuck AIDS"
"This is how to flip somebody off"
"You can read him like a book"
"What I think when I hear people complaining about illegal immigration"
"Eye Of The Hamster"
"One of the pictures that got me hooked on Reddit."
"God bless America."
"Baby Pandas on a slide!"
"When I find the perfect gif for my post."
"Epic Ninja Cat"
"What my boyfriend looks like when he's trying to turn me on."
"Ladies and gentlemen  the greatest American football player of our time."
"My spellcheck stopped working while I was writing a long email  felt like this."
"he's late for important business"
"Gay Mexican Muslims Bears..."
"I think most of reddit can related to Lisa Simpson's timeless graph."
"Deep Throat Competition [sfw]"
"When you see it"
"This has changed my life."
"How did I not think of this before?"
"The most important thing I've learned after nearly 4 years at one of the nation's top colleges"
";3"
"President does AMA..."
"I Got Your Nose!"
"Just be like  &quot;stop&quot;."
"Stephen Colbert loves recursion!"
"Stephen Colbert Good Guy"
"A Murder Mystery On Our Hands!"
"i'm from chicago and have never been to a dispensary. i imagine it feels somewhat like this"
"What my 6 yo cousin looked like walking in the candy store with a 5 dollar bill"
"When my link karma hit 25"
"Vegas Slots vs. Electronic Voting Machines"
"Made me think of this subreddit"
"If Your This Guy  Fuck You."
"The real reason the dinosaurs went extinct..."
"So you thought driving with your elbows was bad..."
"When any girl says she can drink as much as you"
"Meanwhile  in Germany..."
"Meanwhile in Germany..."
"How to pickup bitches"
"He grew up so fast . . ."
"He just lacks confidence"
"He just lacks confidence (x-post r/pics)"
"Saw this on Facebook after the debate."
"Aww  how cute...wait  what the fuck"
"It's called proof-reading..."
"It's called proof reading"
"Party"
"MOM SAID WE CAN HAVE A SLEEP OVER!!!"
"So this happened..."
"I must go  my people need me"
"I must go  my people need me"
"Most WTF thing I've ever seen [NSFW]"
"I always knew my girlfriends cat was a bit odd but not this odd..."
"Purge always looks so happy"
"Kitty Jump in SLOW-MO!"
"Bane's Auto Wash"
"How i feel browsing r/aww"
"This is why i love labs  such beautiful dogs"
"A guide dog meets a friend at Disney World"
"The original ridiculously photogenic guy"
"The best argument for God. Suck it! Atheists!"
"Why?"
"Not sure whats happening..."
"Whenever we have a substitute for class.."
"Shhh."
"Saw these two pictures next to each other in a CPR instruction handbook  I couldn't resist"
"Oh my god...this gives a whole new meaning to the Dark Knight Triology"
"Woke up this morning expecting blue links to Reddits usual Romney-hate threads... Woke up to what George Bush did right?"
"Gangnam style!"
"No caption needed"
"My dad just texted this pic to me. I'm not sure how I should feel about this."
"Hot Air Balloon... wtf?"
"My first month on reddit would have gone a whole lot better if I were given this advice."
"Emoticon factory"
"Caught this guy trying to break into someone's car"
"Perspective"
"This is what happens when you FUCK a SQUIRREL in the ASS  Larry."
"Gomie at the Roxbury"
"&quot;Hey&quot;"
"I don't always stand up too fast  but when I do..."
"Sitting in on a friends class"
"Near miss"
"trannies dancing in the streets = ?"
"Whenever a pedestrian walks into the road without looking  I dream of doing this"
"Female  Male  trans and fucking robots won't appreciate  but as a normal person I have the brain to post this."
"Couldn't help but make the connection..."
"I shouldn't giggle as a grown man  as I did after I made this."
"Front and centre!"
"Now THAT is camouflage"
"when I'm feeling down..."
"Like he gives a fuck"
"How I felt on the Terry Crews AMA"
"A second chance"
"This is how I use my twitter account"
"The Green Mile  Ukraine"
"A taste of..."
"Me after learning Cleopatra was actually Greek"
"Do you pee in the shower?"
"My reaction to the recent scientology Iama"
"&quot;Hey look at this cat i rescued&quot;"
"Wrinkle-Be-Gone!"
"My cat has a unique pupil. The veterinarian has never seen anything like it."
"When I'm the only sober one at a rave."
"Meet Mitik."
"Why I love Ricky Gervais"
"Smell"
"I like the way this man thinks."
"Nope! Nope! Nope!"
"All I see are boobs. (SFW)"
"Yours  science"
"Aaron Paul is great"
"What does that even mean.."
"Halloween Emergencies"
"Perfect place for a nickelback concert"
"Rob is at it again!"
"What's going on here? KaPow!!!"
"Threw up after watching this for 5 minutes when drunk."
"who said it  mr. burns or mitt romney?"
"Mad asks who said it: Mr. Burns or Mitt Romney?"
"WUT?!"
"Knowing your comment will get tons of downvotes..."
"Nothing has blown my mind quite like this...true story."
"This is my favorite picture. I can't look at it without laughing."
"Sunset on Mars (x/post from r/pics)"
"Cat Jam"
"How to take photos with Nokia 3310"
"Close enough..."
"The Bible's Confusing  Ain't it?"
"when a couple talk about what they do with each other"
"Me holding my poker face"
"lying suspect in L.A. Noire"
"Someday..."
"The observable universe"
"Earth's location in the universe"
"Please read before buying a dog:"
"Sonics' Rings"
"This is how I feel realizing that today is my cakeday thinking that I had another day to come up with something acceptable."
"Well  after that opening display  Romney gets all of my British self-righteousness. All of it."
"A lion was given as a gift to the swedish king in the 1600th century. When it died the royal taxidermist (whom never seen a live lion) did his best to stuff it  i think he nailed it!"
"Otterly Disgusted"
"Otter's don't like watermelon."
"started my weight loss shakes today"
"Mad Ocean [3:07]"
"Now he never makes a sound."
"Every Day is Exactly the Same"
"Meaning of life"
"Mental note....No silly string by fire."
"FINISH HIM"
"Subway uses midgets to make their sandwiches look bigger?"
"Cocaine..."
"Yer a wizard Henry [FIXED]"
"To all redditors who think Scandinavia is paradise on earth  here is why I wouldn't like to live there."
"Welcome to Finland."
"Meanwhile in Finland - weather forecast for 9 days and 21 cities in November"
"It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia on getting a job"
"How I feel with graduation just months away"
"How I feel whenever my parents tell me to get a job..."
"What I think of every time I hear Clark's BCJobs Plan mentioned...."
"Business Cat is ready for his first day at work"
"How I feel when a meme is being overused."
"When people repost the same stuff over and over"
"The Thesaurus"
"Looked for a car on Craigslist today; Jesus tap-dancing christ..."
"Are YOU man enough to handle a car this flawless??"
"Reddit and 4chan"
"Don't deny it."
"BROWSER WARS!"
"Anyone care for a dance?"
"To Space."
"This is what happens when you leave your car window open on reddit."
"&quot;Played hours of video games with my girlfriend and then she made this incredible art!&quot;"
"I found this a few weeks back and I couldn't just let it disappear from memory"
"The bigger their eyes the cuter they are"
"My first time at this  I think these two go together very well!"
"Hey wanna play-eh where you go ?"
"America."
"The Simpsons' lives in one image"
"Dammit Al-Qaeda"
"haters gonna-shit!"
"The one gif that always make me smile  for you on my Cakeday."
"Just withdrawing some upvotes from the karma ATM..."
"Parenthood"
"Sums up being a father pretty well..."
"What a lovely day!"
"You Heard Her"
"Red panda eating a grape"
"Nuggitz be crispy"
"Soaping the Invisible Man dick was not enough! Now Redditor freezes Invisible Man dick to acquire more karma!"
"Me every time I browse r/WTF"
"How I felt when I saw coworkers  that I thought I knew well  walk in with bags of Chik-fil-a today."
"Deer wants to make friends!"
"This is what a gun firing underwater looks like"
"dogs vs human *warning very intense*"
"The biggest tower I've ever seen. (NSFW)"
"Looks like they finally found Truman..."
"Got dressed for work today  but then realized it was a holiday  walked back to my room and.."
"I love public transportation."
"Christian logic"
"How I feel when I don't get upvote"
"Warning: This gif may kill you."
"That's one talented manatee."
"Well  he's talented  that's for sure."
"Nothin is ever black and white"
"A big round of applause for Texas"
"&quot;This Mutherfuckas name is Mitt!&quot;"
"Girlfriend broke up with me Wednesday. This will be me at the bar tonight."
"Friends"
"Not Even One Lonesome Fuck Was Given"
"Keepin it cool"
"Answering questions like a boss"
"This is what I think I look like when I play the HARP!"
"Sprinkler music"
"wat?"
"Fucking autocorrect..."
"Well then that's misleading."
"Mmm... Ice cream!"
"My friend made this vaporeon outfit for her cat"
"The most terrifying Last Supper  ever"
"My friend Seth sent me this  I thought it belonged here."
"The true way to play Pokemon"
"Pokemon - Christian Version - Imgur"
"Lmao"
"Pugsley comes to the numbing reality that everybody lies... To their pets"
"How I Think Google Glass Will Be"
"Help spread this pathetic piece of shit's picture so he will be found and hopefully shot."
"This is gonna be good..."
"How to tell them apart."
"Quadruplets' Parenting level: Genius"
"Nice socks"
"Canadian Snape"
"I was looking up a Jerry Maguire gif  and I stumbled upon this..."
"Seen in NJ  what a friendly neighbor"
"Good guy Greg in Hoboken   NJ"
"Take Some of Mine"
"faith in humanity restored"
"I miss the old Mario Party"
"How I feel farting in a shopping isle"
"Walking home after aceing a test"
"techno viking goes mad"
"But WHY ?!?!?!"
"Nothing like learning a new skill."
"Flash!"
"Windsurfing Space Adventures"
"Like a Bird (Fixed)"
"Sasha Grey vs. Golden Retriever"
"not much of a challenge"
"Arrghh"
"Say hello to my little friend"
"Rejected"
"I hope she washed her hands after they finished."
"casually glancing at the toilet cubicle opposite as you wash your hands and ... oh"
"Nothing says love like a bar bathroom. [saved this just for my cakeday]"
"RandomGur  why did you do this to me? What did I ever do to you?"
"Parenting level: OVER 9000!!!"
"3Tard Moon"
"Epic!"
"You may have thought you heard me say I wanted a lot of bacon and eggs..."
"I hate it when people waste my time"
"When I think a clever comment is going to get me some karma and no one upvotes it"
"I love air hockey!"
"Like I Give A Fuck [GIF]"
"Like i give a fuck"
"Crab Fever"
"Incredible"
"The stats on internet pornography"
"I see your 3d snacks and raise you these glorious delights"
"Om nom nom nom"
"wat"
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"How I imagine when redditors with cats try to leave reddit."
"White people..."
"I love my sleepin' buddy!"
"Can someone explain this to me?"
"Whenever I let one go before leaving the elevator"
"For all it's technical flaws on release  Rage still has some amazing graphics..."
"I'm new to datamoshing  hi. (x-post from glitch art)"
"How reddit reacts to Rick Santorum."
"[gif] Glory to hypno-toad!"
"All glory!"
"I am not a creative person."
"I don't want to know"
"TF2 MvM update summed up"
"Smoooooth!"
"BioWares reaction to ending of ME3"
"I'm OK"
"greatest gif on the internet."
"The copy machine has a real problem."
"You're drunk. Again."
"How reddit reacts to most of my posts..."
"Touchdown!! WOOOOOooooo... oh."
"How I feel whenever I get more than one upvote"
"Whenever I come across a NSFW post on r/funny (SFW)"
"That 1000 word essay on the first week of college"
"French Reddit"
"We all know cats are cute  how about a not-so-ugly duckling?"
"Continue to look into the eyes of this 3D cat  until your soul and mind turn into subatomic transcendent mush"
"This cat is tripping balls."
"Nice shot  it may end up with a broken hand"
"Straight from the mother fucking playground."
"No this is not a new SimCity screenshot... it's Dubai from space !"
"Who knew?"
"I'll fix you good"
"Me when a friend gets into a fight"
"How I look when my friend is talking to a girl"
"Bacon! Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon.... BACON!"
"Just failed all my finals."
"Our favorite phone manufacturers during a test"
"God Hates Figs"
"Misquoting Jesus"
"Bad-ass Popeye  the tattoos are awesome!"
"How I feel about most of my submissions."
"Bear attack"
"A Nuclear Bomb Of Cute."
"I don't see what fuss is about."
"Ready for takeoff"
"The superhero Reddit deserves!"
"The superhero Reddit deserves."
"The superhero Reddit deserves."
"Now what do I do?"
"Anyone else think they should be downvotes when Reddits down?"
"the longest &quot;few minutes&quot; of my life"
"Looks like it's finals week for Reddit too"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"[X-Post] Start 'em young!"
"Karate (X-post from r/gifs)"
"This is how I feel when my co-workers joke with each other in their own language."
"LOOK AT IT!"
"Attempting to get out of the friendzone"
"A pill we could all use from time to time...."
"Probably a repost  but fuk it"
"How I feel every morning when I go to Reddit"
"I would give up sex for this kitten."
"Googled WTF  was not disappointing"
"Seems Legit"
"Mary Kate and Ashley: Racists."
"He may not be fuzzy  but his little face makes me happy. I love pygmy hippos."
"After letting my friend use my homework for most of the semester I ask for his once and he snapped at me..."
"Summery of Obama's AMA."
"Overly Manly Men"
"Reddit  I found this for you: How to pick up chicks"
"The truest thing I've found on the internet."
"He died for our sins"
"Googled &quot;cave exploration&quot;."
"When you realize you gotta take a dump"
"Good day  sir."
"I wish this would happen every time I see a douchefag tip his cowboy hat to someone"
"Orange hair  beautiful eyes  pale skin  high socks"
"Sup"
"Ct"
"I found this while perusing the internet. Thought it belonged here."
"Yeah... Deep *wink wink*"
"Avengers  ASSEMBLE!"
"E3 2011 in a nutshell"
"MIB 3 is coming out  time to practice some more..."
"I don't care how old this is  it still makes me laugh (First Post!)"
"tattoo pickup line"
"Would be robber gets hit with folding chair"
"I found a photo of my cousin as a baby. I don't think he wanted his picture taken.."
"Ridiculously Photogenic Baby"
"Yet another inbred animal"
"Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh"
"One thing Reddit has taught me about my thoughts and habits."
"Please advise."
"Unfortunately  these men and women are not fathers and daughters  they are husbands and wives."
"Pictures are worth a thousand words..."
"the line of punch."
"i dont know where to start"
"UP - Star Wars edition."
"Boop you on the nose!"
"Tag  you're it [X-Post r/gifs]"
"*Boop!*"
"Boop!"
"Boop!"
"&quot;This looks like a good book.&quot; -No one ever"
"How I feel when I'm dancing at a night club."
"Louis C.K. on minorities"
"Photobomb"
"I got me some fucking flowers  awwww yeah..."
"Awwwwww Yeeeeaaaaaaa"
"I made this my desktop background and it makes me happy every single morning."
"Trippy."
"Hulkamaniacs"
"Pauly D used hyper beam!"
"Jerseyborn."
"Co-worker got this &quot;tip&quot; on his first day as a waiter."
"Co-worker got this &quot;tip&quot; on his first day as a waiter."
"..wait  what?!? O_o"
"Fuck it  i'm out"
"Perspective"
"My first post: NY times photographer in the middle of the ocean on a fishing boat  still knows what the people want to see!"
"The progression of my thoughts towards my relationships recently..."
"When you sit on the toilet thinking only the seat is down  but the lid is down also."
"Forgetting you have a cut and then using purell"
"This mashup was suggested a while ago...Thom Yorke is groovy."
"Don't feed the birds"
"Why you should heed signs"
"Guy attacked by huge pigeon"
"My favorite &quot;Maeby moment&quot;"
"When someone suddenly upvotes my comment that already collected a butt-load of downvotes."
"What happens when a person falls in love with her creation?"
"Ginger Bread Man"
"Happy birthday to my favorite vocalist and all around bad ass dude"
"Tehehe  kind of true..."
"Food after drinking all night.[FIXED]"
"F... the police!"
"Scared the kit out of him."
"Reddit's worst nightmare [Fixed]"
"terminator flesh-light"
"&quot;OH GOD WHAT IS HAPPENING? HELP!&quot;"
"The difference between cats and dogs..."
"Dog's Diary vs Cat's Diary"
"When I succeed at something."
"This is why I'm terrible at job interviews"
"Every time I walk into the apple store"
"Happy Birthday you FREEDOM loving patriot."
"In honor of MLK Day"
"His pews did not remain in his church"
"Reddit's reaction to the sesame street hacking"
"Me when my ginger friend talks about trying to have a long term relationships with his red-headed girlfriend."
"They don't notify you ahead of time when it's your cakeday"
"When a post I downvote gets to the front page."
"When I see the same gif used over and over with different titles"
"MFW I realized I get 1 upvote automatically."
"Whoa"
"Every single night"
"13 million dollar bank statement left at a coffee shop with this message on it......"
"You're fucking weird  jesus"
"If anyone else did this it would be a sign of mental illness."
"A friend found this gem at work - 'Roanald' obviously knows what he's doing!"
"Finally! Life hands me some gold!"
"Excessive  but  kicking cops isn't smart"
"Like i give a fuck"
"Kick me and i kick you back"
"Midget Physics = Awesome [GIF]"
"You call wrestling a sport  I call it a comedy"
"You did what with Mozart?"
"3rd world countries have it easy..."
"burnders full of wormern"
"Kate Upton Dancing"
"Dude  casettes don't even....WHAT THE FUUuuuu"
"Ok Reese's  I think this has gone on long enough"
"Wait for it..."
"How I feel anytime someone tells me I should quit smoking while I'm having a cigarette"
"Sufferin' Succotash! They're MON-stars!"
"Heard of the Dream Team? Well we're the Mean Team! (Yeah yeah  Halloween is over.. Sorry I was drunk)"
"The outcome of 4chan's Mountain Dew adventure"
"For every upvote  I'm going to receive 1 upvote."
"My 2nd Cake Day! I missed the first one. Time to celebrate!"
"Here comes the.."
"This is fucking bullshit"
"Come here amata  I'll show you a real funnel cake."
"Spidey goes on Facebook (X Post from /r/AdviceAnimals)"
"Is It safe to say this is how the most of us spent our summer's ???"
"Well Shit."
"Whenever a porn star does an AMA..."
"I just moved out and I don't have a proper connection yet in my room."
"Still chewing..."
"50 Shades of Hay-probably better than the real book"
"Right after my gf cleans the house and me and my buddies show up"
"Don't make a mess she says..."
"Amazing magic trick"
"Funk Soul Brother"
"It's a whale."
"For no particular reason  I present to you: reddit's (arguably) favourite gif"
"QT"
"MFW people post things on this subreddit that aren't TheStopGirl."
"Whenever this gif gets reposted"
"When I catch myself daydreaming in class."
"This isn't right.."
"Just a lady with a gorgeous feet."
"i came home late..this is how my night ends after a sesh"
"Seinfeld Wars [pic]"
"So I Googled Newman (Seinfeld) today.."
"The American School System At Work..."
"You´re Welcome Bro"
"For Seal!"
"Alien Vs. Predator"
"I don't know which one scares me more..."
"That's one badass redditor right there"
"Boinggg!"
"Lets shake things up!!"
"DIS GON' BE GOOD!"
"Whenever I see my town is going to get hit with severe thunderstorms."
"..and then he NAILS you."
"I feel like many of you suffer from this allergy (Cyanide and Happiness)"
"Oh Grass..."
"Red panda can't quite reach"
"Remember"
"Falcon punch!"
"Cat and Mouse."
"Louis CK on masturbation"
"Never in history has there been a greater Freudian Slip."
"What I think seeing Cats in X-Mas Trees Pics.."
"I just cant stand this crap!"
"The front page today"
"Saw it on FB  and have seen the mistake made before.. Does none of you know how to spell LOIS???"
"This totally applies to me....no it doesn't I don't have a girlfriend..."
"To the kids in Bothell yesterday  flashing me hand signs( turns out they were Reddit upvote signs)  we shared a good laugh after I flipped you off. Sorry...From the HILTI guy."
"So my final for my undergraduate religion class had to be presentation on a religious photo and how you interpreted it. Needless to say I got a LOT of dirty looks and was scolded by my professor after class."
"If only everything were a bit more sphere-shaped..."
"My grandpa didn't like the bear in his front yard...so he turned it into a tree..."
"To continue..."
"the cutest picture of all time"
"It doesn't get more aww than this"
"The TF2 dudes out for a drive"
"Thanks WTF..best face swap!"
"On My First Cake-day. Should I..."
"how to become a woman. The japanese way. [NSFW]"
"When trying to explain what a meme is."
"when i messaged someone looking for an 'intimate encounter' on PoF"
"Admittedly a repost  but this is my favourite trees gif. What's yours?"
"Get well soon..."
"Facebook finally comes through for me."
"After eating Thanksgiving Dinner"
"Guaranteed butt hole clencher"
"I see your squirrel eating a bird  and raise you a kitten eating a rabbit.."
"From the Chernobyl Museum?"
"Call me maybe..."
"PARTY HARD"
"Party Hard!"
"You will shit bricks..."
"You'll Shit Bricks"
"Summer scars"
"The first month after I buy a new hat I really like..."
"Today is &quot;National French Fry Day&quot;. Is this correct?"
"First i've ever seen one  I'm not racist"
"Finally!"
"Batter storms the mound. WTF ensues."
"What I imagine when I see people fighting on the internet"
"Terrorists ..."
"Told to post this on r/WTF (x-post from r/funny) - Teenage Parenting failure."
"Bullshit! I am very this lucky!"
"Tasty."
"OM NOM NOM CARROT"
"Spiderman takes the escalator"
"The beard makes the man"
"What it was like only having interns in the office today"
"[NSFW] Shit!"
"Our Mission."
"Cat MD"
"This just in  Jeff Goldblum chases and stalks innocent velociraptor man."
"I really don't know what to say...."
"My attempt at photoshopping my brother's dog."
"The AT&amp;T subscriber you are trying to reach..."
"Even the good lord may pass on this suggestion."
"too weird not to share"
"never challenge a black man"
"quick friend is eating lunch post bananas"
"The Greatest Thread [x-post from /r/funny]"
"The Greatest Threat to the Whole of Western Civilization (x-post r/funny)"
"CPR instructions done right"
"&quot;Wait  what was that?&quot;"
"What are you looking at goat?"
"My reaction when I see a girl smiling at me."
"Every time I hear someone say &quot;YOLO&quot;"
"When I hear my roommates fighting and they don't know I am home..."
"Deal with it"
"i don't even know..."
"OP is born"
"GUYS GUYS. IT'S OCTOBER 3RD. [Mean Girls]"
"DAMN YOU ANDROSS! DAMN YOU TO HELL!"
"do you want to go to the vet?"
"Do the Bandicoot"
"First time on 4cahn"
"First time on 4chan"
"*self explanitory*"
"When someone tells me how bad weed is."
"Good Work Ethics"
"My Bestfriend Dance Move"
"Every one of my posts on reddit"
"Broken arm"
"Awww kitten"
"They See Me Rollin..."
"The ocean can be a dick sometimes"
"iPhone 5"
"The heatwave hit everybody pretty hard"
"Found this gem on good old Facebook."
"Cool Sub-Zero fight with Neo"
"Reddit Space Program"
"Stop messing with my brain!"
"It's only humane..."
"How I feel about the current US election"
"Somebody didn't want chicken nuggets."
"guess he didn't have his happy meal today...."
"Ronald isn't to happy..."
"Ye He Got Dumped"
"Start me up!"
"I haven't watched Mythbusters in a while. This is....not quite how I remember it."
"Your finger here"
"I don't ever want to taste the rainbow. Ever."
"Whenever I say I'm going to work harder this semester"
"When a cop pulls up next to me whether I'm breaking the law or not."
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah"
"When in Rome..."
"My favorite gif ever"
"Krillin Neeson"
"Mitt Romney's week in a nutshell"
"007 big head mode inspired Halloween costume"
"Development ironically activated in this moment"
"You only live once."
"Best use of YOLO I have ever seen"
"Sushi cat"
"Browsing /r/AskReddit/new on a Saturday morning"
"How I feel living with a religious family."
"Hup Holland!"
"Crumbing!"
"Whenever I get scolded by authority in Tribes Ascend..."
"Down Syndrome [FIXED]"
"Beautiful abandoned library"
"Skeet Skeet Skeet Ball"
"Turtles in time"
"My favorite gif"
"Yelling match"
"Got out of the shower and realized there were no clean towels."
"Turning down a girl who eventually got hot"
"Bought a book at the bookstore for $145  later to realize my friend bought his online for $2."
"when i see someone reposted my OC and got to the front page (not too hard to find irony in this)"
"Clear steampunk typewriter"
"never fails to make me laugh"
"It's Saturday and I feel like getting weird tonight..."
"Have you ever tried to catch one of these while you're running around naked?"
"DON'T TOUCH CAGE"
"After seeing countless dumb ass posts get upvoted to infinity for peoples Cake Days  and every single one I've posted today has been buried  I have a message for Reddit"
"Who's the BOSS?"
"Nod ya head... [Fixed]"
"So i was watching the debate the other night  and it got pretty intense."
"At least they can agree on one thing"
"owl"
"Mom  please don't make me..."
"Did you know this?"
"WOW! THAT LOOKS DELICIOUS!"
"Dumb Duck"
"When people bitch about reposts (Not sure if repost)"
"Whenever I see someone post about their Fraternity/Sorority"
"9-11 24-7"
"Epic sadness"
"Someone I know made hotdogs at work."
"Only a man would think of this.."
"Bubble rings"
"Shakespearean Graffiti"
"How my first post to Reddit went"
"King of the ocean"
"Just a super fluffy rabbit..."
"check out this bunny"
"Kitties! Watch out! It's Chuck Norris!"
"Aww  look at the cute little OH MY GOD"
"Bull's eye"
"Calvin's religious ceremonies (x-post from /funny)"
"Wait for it...."
"Barack Obama on the importance of separation of church and state"
"Going on Reddit on my birthday"
"When the camera angle changes just as I am about to finish fapping"
"Start pooping when I realize I don't have my phone with on me."
"I decided to do my summer reading assignment when school starts in two days."
"Face in a fence"
"Long exposure shot from space (not edited)"
"Cozy"
"Buzz Lightyear  balloon style"
"First car's a Jeep  this is how I'm feeling right now."
"The Importance of Eyebrows"
"Penguin Scatman"
"My friend made this. Because penguins."
"I shall use this line next time.."
"Close enough"
"Probably the most terrifying  but strangely arousing tattoo ever...NSFW"
"Epic."
"David Bowie  Iggy Pop and Lou Reed just being fucking awesome."
"Fight me!"
"Do you even lift?"
"He's sexy and he knows it"
"And now..."
"Nun 4 life."
"rough night"
"Ocean City  MD's Fishing Pier Collapsed"
"How I feel after getting out of the shower."
"Whenever I watch porn."
"Two months ago  my wife started browsing reddit because she liked the cat pictures. Yesterday  she said she isn't sure if she believes in God anymore"
"Annnnnddddd..... nope"
"Natalie Portman the Water Goddess"
"Wallpaper"
"I wish there was an HD remake of THIS coming down the pipe."
"Show's over."
"What I feel like giving summer lectures to my students..."
"Right foot two stomps"
"Philosoraptor on Zombies"
"What in the actual fuck?!?!?!?!?!?"
"Mirror match!"
"George R R Martin Photo Bombs Leonardo &amp; Clare"
"Diddly-hole"
"My attempt at some Reddit Birthday Karma Whoring."
"how i dance"
"Gotta love mixing techno and meth"
"Day 45. They still do not realise"
"Day 45"
"Finally finished all of my decorating for Christmas..."
"Jesus is my co-pilot"
"Possibly the Best Wingman Ever"
"Chocolate Moneyshot"
"Robin Skrilliams"
"I'm I saying this right &quot;pot&quot;?"
"&quot;Dave is so drunk  this is gonna be great&quot;"
"As an American  my reaction to France getting the gold in the men's swim relays."
"MFW my brother comments on my facebook and tries way too hard to be funny AND smart"
"Well shit."
"Batman And Spock Playing The Drums"
"fifty shades of grey 'cast'"
"Imagine the lawsuits..."
"D-Day"
"Slow-motion lightening"
"if this isnt racist....idk what is"
"This is true."
"The Fucking moon"
"wat"
"Bear in the big blue house breakdown"
"What is love?"
"Piano cats"
"OH SHIT OH SHIT.....OOOO Pretty Car."
"Gun-cocking 101"
"Get out of my head!"
"Great  the internet has given me yet another fetish. Now catgirls...[gif]"
"why you don't throw rocks at large cats"
"People need to stop caring about getting downvoted to oblivion. This is how I always feel when I get downvoted."
"When prestigious colleges that I didn't expect to get accepted to deny me"
"As a woman  when I see yet another post about how hot Emma Watson is."
"How i feel about the Reddit Enhancement/NSFW Image issue"
"How I feel about missing my cake day."
"This is just great."
"Seljalandsfoss Falls  Iceland"
"This probably has meaning.. Any ideas?"
"What kind of centipede is... Wait..."
"Weirdest playground ever."
"deal with it"
"Let your children develop their own damn opinions"
"All Men Like...What?"
"What the hell kind of book is this from?"
"MURICA!!!"
"Visiting /r/spacedicks for the first time"
"The sad  sad effect of religion."
"Facebook  this is getting out of hand."
"well that escalated quickly"
"Sounds right"
"Update: Kenny  the Down-Syndrome Tiger  has been dead for quite some time."
"I N C E P............"
"Pug thoughts"
"Oh just Danny Jrejo taking his dog for a walk"
"Is there anything this man didn't do?"
"Every time I submit"
"just a scumbag penguin"
"Penguin Slap"
"Underwater  face to face with an Anaconda"
"Yo  no screen looking."
"reddiquette [fixed]"
"When my 13-year-old sister told me she was on reddit."
"Coming soon to a theater near you..."
"Herp?"
"Who would win?"
"Words fail me"
"No thank you."
"My brother just sent me this picture..."
"The head of everyman's penis right after getting off...(SFW)"
"Looks Comfortable"
"My favorite chair."
"Go Back"
"Go back  we fucked up everything"
"Dat Floppy Ear"
"Dat Floppy Ear"
"Two Corgis on a Treadmill!"
"Two puppies  one treadmill"
"Run forest  run!"
"How to play D"
"When ever I see a &quot;Do Not Enter&quot; sign"
"Oops!"
"When my only Friday class gets canceled."
"Well.... This sucks"
"Sheldon is a redditor"
"My reaction when my roommate reaches the first page"
"When someone asks what I'm doing this weekend..."
"Jealousy"
"A better love story than twilight"
"Bill Cosby wrangles a child"
"The Hangover: cat edition"
"Got To Bring My Kitty For Cakeday"
"Little Arthur can teach everyone a thing or two."
"How I feel talking to creationists. [GIF]"
"Bringing /WTF back to its roots"
"In-flight WiFi... [FIXED] - Imgur"
"Rabbit + cherry = awwwtf (x-post from /r/pics)"
"OVNI"
"When my girlfriend tries to be playful..."
"&quot;Take dead aim on the rich boys. Get them in the crosshairs and take them down. Just remember  they can buy anything but they can't buy backbone. Don't let them forget it. Thank you.&quot;"
"Bill Murray --- in 3D!!! ... requires red / blue 3d glasses"
"From my friend at Julliard..."
"The one repost i being waiting for this month."
"Two cute cats going at it"
"There is no way this is making it through the security checkpoint at the airport."
"Where's the baby?"
"A step up from hover hand"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"Let's get along! [fb]"
"Spat some undeniable evolutionary facts to a priest today. His reaction..."
"When theists first find r/atheism (X-post from r/gif)"
"my reaction when i found out that today is my cakeday and i haven't posted anything yet"
"Look into my eyes"
"One of the saddest pictures in existence..."
"When I forget to uncheck &quot;install toolbar&quot;"
"Butt Genie"
"I'm gonna die the same way that I lived."
"Run away!"
"This picture sums up my athleticism."
"Colonel Sanders Tattoo"
"Work still isn't worth it"
"My boyfriend said this reminds him of me. I think it's accurate. [x-post from somewhere  not sure where he found it  probably /r/Funny]"
"Alot of refrences in one painting"
"I have no clue who made this but I found it on tumblr and fell in love"
"I found the real Spiderman on my FB wall."
"Where did the white man go wrong?"
"My spidey senses are tingling..."
"Nothing gets past your Spidey Sense  Spiderman."
"Damn right it's not ok"
"Sometimes its OK..."
"Well  shit"
"Now this is a King of the Hill spinoff I would watch"
"so this is a thing.."
"Stop it Fashion. You went too far"
"Being a teen in the 90's"
"Bane Capital"
"Im Sooooooorry!"
"I don't think kangaroos can swim"
"Slow motion splash."
"R2D2"
"oh yes"
"This is is most redditor males every time we see a hot girl wearing yoga pants..."
"Awesome cigarette case."
"That moment when there is an epic plot twist to a movie that you in no way expected"
"One Nation Under God...literally."
"'Sheeping bag...' ok...."
"A day with Hunter S. Thompson"
"A day with Hunter S. Thompson"
"'Merica Fuck Yeah"
"The charred remains of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov on view in an open casket during his state funeral after the crash of the Soyuz 1  1967 [1000x685]"
"The remains of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov  the result of spacecraft  'Soyuz 1' crashing."
"How I feel when I see a post with 999 points"
"Oh no you didn't!"
"I am not ok with this"
"Paul Rudd knows why Starbucks sizes make no sense"
"Waka Waka"
"What it's like trying to bring humour to my inlaws."
"'lil pudgy tabby belly"
"Sneak peak of Oprah's finale show"
"EVERYBODY GETS BEEEEEEEESSS!!!"
"Tonight on Oprah  everybody's getting...!"
"Imma BEE! Imma... IMMA BEE!!!!!"
"Everyone gets flying monkeys!"
"ermagerhd"
"Cool Story Bro"
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"Meanwhile in Colorado.."
"White people stole my car."
"TIL Neil deGrasse Tyson used to be a ripped beast."
"Drinking [NSFW]"
"Holy alcoholism! (NSFW)"
"Frank you! Come again  preese!"
"found this while browsing tumblr..."
"Yo  I heard you like rap so we pimped your ride"
"This is what my facebook looks like tonight..."
"Jason Seagull"
"skeyebrows"
"Meanwhile  in Russia..."
"Found this while looking for a new fridge"
"Say what you will about this country  but you've got to admit it's damn pretty [x-post r/pics]"
"Port Isaac  England"
"OH NOOOOO!!!! NOT CATS TOO?!?!?!?! i thought animals were atheist too...."
"Classic Zippy."
"The Creepers are every where."
"Risks of soccer"
"I get hugs all the time...."
"i think it's enough of a reason to throw a party"
"The Good  The Bag  and the Unlucky"
"Well... it's about time I hit the hay. Night all."
"what the?"
"Don't think with it (mildly NSFW)"
"My biggest fear when asked to hold a new born"
"Genius statue photograph poses"
"This abuse is going too far..."
"I'll turtle slap the shit outta you"
"How my cats stand every day to watch the birds."
"Jessie was on the price is right!"
"Oh  brother..."
"Coke  Mentos &amp; Condom"
"Happy birthday  Les Stroud. (x from r/pics)"
"A guy who makes me appreciate clean running water like nobody else."
"Amid all the drama about Rebecca Black and 'still' Justin Beiber this is how I've felt about Reddit recently."
"Envisioning emerging technology for 2012 and beyond"
"Bill Clinton's view at today's inauguration"
"How to Tame a Truck [x-post from r/pakistan]"
"Taming the beast."
"When I realized today is my cake day  I don't own a cat  and the day is almost over."
"Seems legit"
"Why does this keep on happening!?!?!?"
"Ahh  so that's what happened."
"I'd be more surprised if the internet didn't find a way to combine batman and Skyrim"
"Judo chop HIA YAA!"
"That's not how I remembered that scene happening"
"You're drunk."
"Porn  before and after."
"How the lute is meant to be played"
"It seems Terry Crews has died and changed his name too"
"Why you should always wear a banana suit"
"what spongebob thinks about your baby pictures"
"Since I haven't seen anyone else make this connection with Miley's hair  I present to you..."
"My friend after I told him about /r/gonewild"
"Ninja Kitty"
"Yoda Sculpture"
"Better get packing."
"Rabbit season."
"Be very...very...quiet"
"Too much man for one picture"
"First reddit worthy shirt I've seen"
"I want a kitten like this."
"that is eternity.(x-post from r/quoteporn)"
"I'd like you introduce you to Jesus: The original one cup specialist"
"Jesus is amazing at beer pong."
"Jesus is amazing at beer pong."
"MAMA IM SICK!"
"Even 300 pound Bengals can gangnam"
"Fresh from the concentrate camps."
"I see what u did there..."
"Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Angriest Plant Around"
"So long and thanks for all the fish."
"My reaction when Call Me Maybe comes up on Pandora"
"How I feel when I get more than 10 up votes"
"Best coozie in the world."
"WTF? That's Awsome"
"Oh nein you didn't"
"Choices."
"How I feel when I browse reddit drunk"
"Reddit"
"Super Snoo and Space Narwhal's adventure through Upvote Space"
"Redditor fetish"
"Castaway"
"The dot"
"This is why communal showers gross me out..."
"It's a major problem at Lasalle University."
"&quot;This will finally be the post that makes the front page!&quot; vs. reality"
"Whenever someone comments on my posts"
"This should be probably the best roller coaster photo I have ever seen"
"Look who I found hanging around the streets!"
"Look who I found hanging around the streets"
"9/11/01 from Space."
"Me when I try to dance while high."
"When the President of the United States answers your question on reddit"
"Obama  Obama"
"Then and Now"
"My reaction when someone unexpectedly believes my lie."
"Wack-a-Kitty."
"Is this an old one?"
"Browsing reddit when I'm in a bad mood [fixed]"
"Computer of the future (predicted 50 years ago)"
"Waffles"
"What you mean i can't eat this!?"
"Fuck this area in particular"
"Statistically..."
"Oh.Shit."
"I hate when my food does this. [NSFL]"
"anyone know what type of turtle is this?"
"An escape attempt is futile."
"Meanwhile  at Tesco"
"MFW a girl farts."
"Tada!... OH CRAP RUN"
"Karma whoring done correctly?"
"Bend... and snap!"
"Gaming and Parenting. xpost from r/funny"
"Even dogs hate these things..."
"candy machine"
"I think I'm doing something wrong"
"This is fucking genius."
"Every time I come up with an idea for a good novelty account."
"when the teacher says &quot;you will be tested on this  but i never taught you it.&quot;"
"Having your one upvote get downvoted to zero right away"
"Hopefully some sense into him as well"
"Redditors encounter an out-of-context photo"
"Oh shit! Pole!!"
"I've had this saved for 4 years  and still don't know what its from."
"Poor guy  Still hilarious though"
"How I feel when I let my Girlfriend dress me..."
"Danish comic strip doing it right."
"Killing Machine!"
"When My Rommate and I Are Hungry at 11 PM  and Remember Taco Bell is Still Open"
"We doing the driveway thing? Can't without mentioning the Trailer Park Boys hash driveway"
"This is a jpeg image of a camel getting head"
