"Demolished  every time you downvote someone"
"My buddy decided to have some fun inside Costco with a mattress..."
"TrollCat"
"Not clear!"
"As the owner of a turtle on Reddit.."
"forever alone..."
"1986 Cleveland thought it would be a good idea to block out the sun with millions of balloons [665x832]"
"u mad spiderman?"
"Spiderman's LEAST favorite brand of rice"
"Death of Superman"
"How I feel when I see a girl peeing in public (NSFW)"
"Well hello there"
"Oh Heyyy"
"Meanwhile  in British politics"
"BEHOLD! It's a Christmas Miracle! Cheesus Christ is born!"
"Really?"
"Fuck you  bear!"
"oh my FUCK this guy nailed it."
"Remember these delicious bastards?"
"A Proud Wife"
"NNNNOOOOO......"
"if you park like this..."
"Maybe this will teach him how to read"
"90's food fads: remember this? there's nothing like chewing your drink!"
"Zippity Zoopity Zopity"
"SHE TOLD ME SHE'D BUY GRAPES"
"Math almost got me again."
"oh..."
"So this popped up in r/gifsound"
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Defense mode- ON"
"Your mother was a bitch."
"For those who have not seen this brilliant GIF yet."
"Stop staring at me"
"Hey you guuuuys!!!!!"
"Donating money to name your own center...priceless"
"This how I felt at the store today"
"How I feel when the hot ticket agent at the airport says &quot;Have a nice flight&quot; and my reply is &quot;Thanks  you too!&quot;"
"Lost my dog this week  this hit me really hard."
"watching a juice head at the gym...or an episode of jersey shore..."
"Wheelies"
"This always cheers me up"
"Microsoft."
"After telling a girl I like her"
"How I feel when I go outside to smoke around someone who just quit smoking."
"Whenever I put a dish into the sink when someones doing the dishes."
"How I feel whenever Florida is mentioned in r/news or r/politics"
"Bound to happen eventually..."
"Sounds about right."
"Sounds about right. (FIXED)"
"Moon and Venus over Switzerland (x-post from /r/EarthPorn)"
"Weirdest Eggplant"
"It's worse enough when you have to deal with someone elses."
"Fuck this..."
"Ever wondered what the rest of Diglett looks like?"
"Was using Google to learn the difference between a kabob and a kebab when suddenly..."
"This is my job..."
"Let's play a game"
"repost .gif  being on Reddit this morning; if i was MW3  i'd feel like this..."
"How we punished people in middle school."
"How I feel complimenting a girl in the comments on reddit."
"For some reason I find myself watching this to many times in a row"
"If Romney did an AMA...[Fixed]"
"Every Time I Go To The Beach..."
"MMMMMMM  Forbidden Donuts! Homer Simpson Escalator"
"Can someone please help me find this so I can buy it and then use it and then be happy?"
"A female's worst nightmare turned into a prank"
"pool prank"
"What  I didn't fall down!"
"This is a Lion's Mane jellyfish..."
"I... I just couldn't bring myself to swim with that."
"lazer guided fish"
"Tattoo on the nave"
"Mozilla Babyfox"
"It is what it is: A Skiing Ostrich"
"Flightless but not style-less."
"I'm an Ostrich  Bitch!"
"I present my favorite image on this day of cake."
"Any Ents Remember This?"
"Pond Inside a Glacial Cave - Jostedalsbreen  Norway"
"Horse spinning a hoop"
"skipping ahead 2 minutes in a porn video"
"Promoting energy conservation in college dorms"
"How would you feel? Huh?"
"I'm so sorry"
"The only way to clean your cat"
"I found this in Egypt.....Appropriately it smells like Jack Daniels."
"Rossi [GIF]"
"Proof that Old Spice man and Most Interesting Man have formed the League of Awesome."
"They should of shown this in health class."
"Spider on my couch"
"How to find love while being a male engineer"
"How to deal with other peoples children."
"&quot;Wow  is this for me?&quot;"
"Good without God"
"Nice save"
"This almost looks intentional... (x-post from r/funny)"
"Don't get discouraged when you fail your first time"
"I ordered a 'Reddit' T-shirt to be delivered...wasn't surprised when this came in the mail"
"Something is wrong with people"
"Reddit..i find this interesting. Personally i would rather have Pokemon be real...what would you rather have?"
"Tried the five letters after Imgur challenge again. I could bang my head in a wall fr a few hours and get less brain damage than how much brain damage this gave me."
"Describes Reddit in a nutshell"
"Saw this on Facebook...I'll take that with some pencils and paper please"
"I think you need a new co-pilot."
"Everytime I see FB political banter..."
"I am house sitting"
"Soon"
"Oops."
"Go go Power Rangers!"
"&quot;None Pizza with Left Beef&quot;"
"Canadian CSI"
"Annnnnnd we have a winner!"
"Leviticus also said 'No Hair Cuts' but I guess we are skipping that one. [PIC]"
"It's okay  Professor. I was an accident  too."
"Partner breast costume"
"Sure  Japan. Whatever."
"cats and cats and cats and cats and cats"
"Facebook(1)"
"Michael Jackson getting drunk with little girls"
"YEEAAAHHH!!!"
"Forever Alone"
"Finding out Christopher Eccleston is going to be in Thor 2."
"where do the funny images on the internet come from?"
"True Talent"
"Father of the year."
"bad parenting"
"Presents!"
"Let me ruin Christmas for you"
"Cosplay Level: Chef."
"Jabba's views on religion"
"Christians:0 Atheists: 0 Jabba: 1"
"Sleeve cat"
"Like I give a fuck"
"You kick a kid = You get knocked the fuck out"
"I can't think of a title"
"panda bear sushi."
"Seems Legit..."
"Underneath it all.."
"Fuck you  I'm a horse"
"Found this while searching &quot;Monster Octopus&quot;..."
"Just A Baby Dolphin- Xpost from /r/whalebait....."
"How I draw a circle"
"Step by step instructions on how to draw the perfect circle"
"Whenever somebody writes &quot;The Dark Night&quot; instead of &quot;Knight&quot;"
"me riding the bus to work  every fucking morning"
"well  I know how he feels"
"Pull dammit!"
"A tug-of-war breaks out between riot police and protesters at the height of disturbances in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast  Northern Ireland"
"Fucking great."
"Teenagers"
"Step Art."
"Action News: Redditor's house raided!"
"Truth in Advertising"
"Aww  what a cute story!"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Want to know a Chuck Norris fact?"
"Vintage pictures always intrigue me. Boys rolling hoops."
"Future Redditors of America"
"Those girls must really like sausages."
"My brain produces sound to it..."
"Childhood"
"Bring me Solo.. And a cookie"
"Catstache"
"First Google Earth View"
"Caffeine Buzz"
"When I'm trying to stay awake during a boring class"
"Thor &amp; Loki know what The Avengers was really about..."
"Rebel war cry"
"How I feel when I'm trying to sleep and my boyfriend wants sex [SFW]"
"Shaq is tripping"
"Jesus  Bobby  you fucking retard!"
"Never gets old"
"Not the cops!"
"Just.. Wow! I like this."
"Best tattoo I've ever seen"
"It's simple  now we get rid of the Batdog."
"An email i've never seen before just emailed this to me..."
"Mondays"
"Meanwhile  at the White House"
"Don't watch me poop!"
"Mentally helpful sign"
"LIKE A BOSS [GIF]"
"How I imagine every repost"
"Tony Starch"
"God Damn..."
"Funny  and somewhat true. [Fixed]"
"Still one of my favorites."
"Just... GTA"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Haters gonna hate"
"When you ride alone..."
"What it's like living in a Parallel Universe"
"How i know I've had to much Rockstar"
"Out of boredom  I tried to take a photo of a my sink draining  I got a photo of an eye shaped whirlpool instead."
"Crikey  step back!"
"need a pair of these"
"This is what you look like right now."
"I think someone is spying on me..."
"Come at me Bro"
"Best. Picture. Ever"
"Zach? Is that you?"
"Bathroom Doors"
"I only have enough money for one of the following: Borderlands 2  RE6  Assassin's Creed 3  or Halo 4."
"Ta-dah...oh shit!"
"The guide you can't live without."
"(NSFW) Birdie! [NSFW]"
"I FUCKING LOVE TICKLES"
"we can both burn"
"Sweet Revenge!"
"Hanging on."
"Suicidal Tree"
"I am Catzilla!"
"A short guide on how to get kicked in the dick."
"Wish I thought to commute like this..."
"After a month without sex  my girlfriend finally let me hit it."
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"For my cake day"
"Whenever I see someone unplug their flash-drive without &quot;Safely Ejecting&quot; it first."
"Me waiting for the Zombie apocalypse"
"Please  have a seat...."
"I think we've all experienced this at some stage.."
"they figured it out."
"Industry vs Nature"
"Gotta love video chat"
"I found this on the Men's restroom at my university today..."
"she REALLY wants that sandwhich"
"The manliest of men"
"My favorite 4-panel comic ever!"
"March 4th  1966  &quot; We're more popular than Jesus.&quot;"
"Biggest Beetle I Ever Killed [FIXED]"
"a relaxing saturday afternoon....."
"What we do during a perfect day."
"How summer will be for me"
"Igloo hot tub"
"UP TOP!"
"Young parents on facebook..."
"Delicious!"
"Here's Freddie Mercury in a hawaiian shirt holding two cats."
"Freddie Mercury and two cats. Enough said."
"Freddie Mercury. Two Cats."
"Every time I trick someone into going to /r/spacedicks"
"Bunny bath."
"Sir  I think you forgot something."
"YES! YES! YES!"
"Cadillac concept"
"The World’s Most Accurate Pie Chart"
"The best way to teach someone how a pie chart works."
"Don't be rascist; Mario style"
"Mario on racism"
"Some of the most iconic photos of our history in colour"
"Adding Color To The Most Iconic Photo In History"
"Me when I realize a creeper is about to blow up and kill me in hardcore mode."
"When I realize that I made a grammatical error in the title of my Reddit post"
"My face when I see my girlfriend and my best friend having sex"
"Finding unwrapped Christmas gifts - Imgur"
"Everybody is getting into the act"
"My exact reaction"
"Mars Rover's Newest Panorama  It Feels Like You’re There"
"YOda he is a dog"
"How to become the most hated person on campus"
"Moraine Lake"
"Moraine Lake"
"Life was always hard for a young Edward Scissorhands"
"Racism."
"how to get on welfare"
"How Conservatives view Welfare"
"How To Get Welfare"
"My black roommate loves this picture"
"ROTFLMFAOCOPTER!"
"Hairicopter"
"Portrait level:Hero"
"Twist"
"3 2 1 poop launch"
"I'm gonna poop in this urinal!"
"Using the random imgur image finder from another thread..."
"Well...that's ONE way to do it..."
"I can't even explain this ..."
"Why!!!! Oh lawd!!!!"
"Well that was uncalled for"
"Funniest porn gif i've ever seen"
"The Most Goddamned American Thing I've Ever Seen"
"About to cross the border of space &amp; sky"
"I will never have the opportunity to look this badass..."
"I saw this ad while browsing youtube.."
"When someone posts &quot;my favorite gif of all time&quot; or &quot;can't stop watching&quot;"
"First day at work.."
"ridiculously photogenic dog"
"Whenever I try to exercise"
"Necrognomicons for your garden!"
"Deleting a comment at -1 karma..."
"Deleting a post with 1 downvote"
"Not sure if repost."
"Wtf santa!?"
"Exposure of laser towards the center of the Milky Way (2000 x 1816) pixels"
"a different way to record a video on a concert"
"Fight to the death"
"Can't be untied [NSFW]"
"Ursa Thrasher"
"This 14 megapixel picture has 1 black pixel. The same odds as winning lotto 6/49."
"I think he has had too much."
"Off course  we are!"
"right way?"
"My husband works in telecom  this is how I feel sometimes when he starts talkin' all technical on me."
"I'm crying tears of joy"
"Pony stuck in a tractor wheel."
"Jesus caught in a bad timing picture."
"What hairstyle is this?"
"Bad Luck Brian - Look at me now!"
"I made an album of few amazing albino animals ."
"The Original OAG"
"How to draw an owl"
"This is what snake venom does to blood"
"Hold my beer. Watch this!"
"Right on target"
"Happy Birthday  you magnificent bastard."
"Those eyes!"
"&quot;More terrible than anything suffered by any minority in history.&quot; This is what Christians ACTUALLY believe..."
"When you see it.."
"meanwhile in scotland..."
"Meanwhile in Scotland"
"I'm sorry spiderbro  they made me do it."
"When I receive lots of karma from a good post"
"This is one of the most heart felt photos I have ever seen..."
"Just a monk sharing his noms with a tiger"
"THIS is why we can't have nice things."
"The cure for even the darkest of sadness..."
"Fade to black..close curtain...and scene. Perfect!"
"GBJK"
"first appearance"
"How I feel when my post gets an upvote"
"How I feel when people understand my references to other posts."
"We done here?"
"Shit just got real in Canada."
"Let me introduce the scorpion-fly! (Real bug)"
"Made entirely of trash."
"Now THAT is something you don't see everyday.."
"A story"
"Lol  I think he got lucky."
"Monday mornings"
"Life is like a man trying to eat soup out of a spaghetti strainer.."
"Took me forever to train him to do this."
"Rough day for a mom at the airport."
"Pull my finger..."
"World's largest human hand."
"Trying to grab the remote without waking up my girlfriend"
"Got Mithril?"
"Hverfjall Crater  Iceland."
"White people...."
"Scumbag Gate"
"In a Galaxy  Far Far Away"
"Brace for impact"
"Popeye?"
"&lt;insert penis joke&gt; - Australian Newspaper"
"Toys R Us really does improve after nine years  seems to grow up with its customers."
"God bless whoever makes these..."
"Friends parking ticket. I wouldn't mind getting one like these really."
"When one of my comments is heavily downvoted"
"When I get no upvotes...."
"How I felt after my last submission"
"So this showed up on my twitter."
"My name is Barney Stinson. I am a survivor living in New York City."
"I am Legend..."
"TIL sea otters hold hands to keep from drifting apart"
"Classy pussy is classy"
"how I'd feel if I won Mega Millions"
"You should...you should."
"Meet the cutest cat in the world. Luna."
"There's a difference"
"Come at me Bro"
"Ocean Gangnam Style"
"Gangnam style with Sandy"
"Gangster"
"Batman Vs Superman"
"Don’t know if this is the appropriate caption  but I thought it was funny  so I made it."
"&quot;Am I on it?&quot;"
"Directed by michael bay"
"How I feel as a cat owner  waking up to go onto reddit."
"Google imaged my username. This was on the first page. I may be slightly disappointed..."
"Finally"
"NED?!?!"
"When Vegeta listens to Bieber"
"A bee's last sting."
"Perfectly timed photo of a bee sting"
"How I felt when I met my girlfriend's parents..."
"My childhood in a single gif..."
"Ball: DENIED"
"I'll see your canned fishmouths and raise you canned cans"
"The only acceptable duckface in my books"
"What I give to every nice customer I get after getting so many bad ones when working fast food."
"How creationists end ontological debates (X-Post r/funny)"
"I think this belongs here"
"My first real WTF image. First saw it maybe 7 or 8 years ago. What's yours?"
"Sculptor Transforms Scrap Parts Into Gigantic Autobots"
"My favourite bit from the bible"
"OMG  I just saw a caricature of Moses  all Jews in the world  we should arrange a massive protest!"
"A Ron Swanson breakfast"
"Don't Herd me... (to the next level)"
"Stop running"
"This man does not mess around."
"She's kind of rude"
"Walking The Dead"
"How I feel trying to get an upvote."
"I find obesity funny."
"Upon discovering Gonewild Plus..."
"Lol this gem popped up on my FB feed"
"How i feel posting OC on reddit"
"The meaning of the universe contained in a single sentence."
"After getting turned down by a girl I have liked for a long time"
"Aliens"
"Found this looking for a new background in the top r/pics of all time. It belongs here. {water drop in front of map}"
"Make sense."
"Good on them for going through with it"
"How I feel about my last year on Reddit."
"To the last breath"
"Remains one of the coolest photos I've ever seen."
"pew pew pew"
"F*CK THE BUS!"
"US Redditors  Happy Labor Day!"
"The daily routine of the average redditor."
"Shouldn't have had Taco Bell  Hulk. (x-post from r/comicbooks)"
"Baby Fennec Fox"
"Fuck urbanization."
"I'm a network admin of an outdated office. This morning a couple of my co-workers got a surprise visit from the Doctor."
"So that's how it is made..."
"About sums up my productivity at work."
"How I feel as someone who just moved from Washington DC to London"
"We made a huge mistake."
"I should buy a boat [Fixed]"
"Decided to find out what that baseball bat picture looked like without the bat.............pretty much the same"
"Saw this as one of the sponsored links. Thought I should fix it."
"Children's T-Shirt  Nailed it?"
"I THINK you might have gone a bit too far this time"
"Tiny Hand"
"Not my kind of dancing baby."
"How i feel the cops in my town are like....(srry if repost)"
"Watching my teammates chase down a low-health enemy champ"
"Olivia Wilde vs Stephen Colbert"
"Some men..."
"Back the Fuck Off"
"I LOVE DIDNEY WORL"
"How I feel after breaking 1000 karma last night"
"The look of horror"
"&quot;OH THE HUMANITY!!!&quot; [.gif]"
"Yeah See  Yeah"
"Crocodile Looking At The Sunset."
"Finding some joy amongst the devastation"
"How DARE YOU?!?!?!?!"
"It was a magical  life defining moment."
"When I realize most of my guild mates only care about loot."
"Today I realized that I missed my first cake-day this is how I feel...."
"So i hear reddit likes cats and little old ladies."
"Sex with Michelle Duggar (Mother from 19 Kids and Counting)"
"The front page when reddit goes down for an hour."
"Having shared a room with 8 other girls at a time this month and finally having a room to myself  this is how I feel"
"After becoming an RA for my college dorm and getting a room for myself"
"Oh Hermione  you grew up so fast..."
"These make me uncomfortable."
"A friend of mine had a custom Sex and the City motorcycle made."
"It can be fun and rewarding"
"What I feel like after finishing my paper at 4 in the morning"
"That moment when you finish your homework at 3 AM."
"So I googled &quot;easy reddit karma&quot;"
"How are you today? Answer:"
"How I feel knowing I cant afford to buy a ps3 and borderlands 2."
"How I feel when I read a TIL on the front page that I already knew..."
"This is why moms worry."
"O_O"
"Did you just see that?"
"I'm going to be upfront about this Reddit. Here's a cat gif.Cake day karma please."
"When my ex got a promotion."
"Imagine no religion."
"I wish you were here..."
"Manliest Food Ever"
"Cat falling in tub with no water freaks out"
"Trying Act 3 of Inferno for the first time"
"DIY Lobotovasectomy"
"I'm not drunk  but my car is."
"Starting A Fire Like A Boss"
"New Hat"
"I love it under here!"
"What I imagine what happens to make reddit to go down."
"When someone gets to the front page with a link I had previously submitted."
"That split second when you sneeze while driving and your eyes close"
"Darwin Award nominees"
"&quot;Dude  I just learned how to do this on Youtube  check it out&quot;"
"Cool beer guy"
"Pimps have it hard."
"As a generally introverted first year in university  this is how I feel when a cute girl says &quot;Hey&quot; first."
"Stephen Hawking experiencing weightlessness"
"It took me a while to figure out what was wrong here"
"Moist owlet anyone?"
"I'm on top of the world."
"Target: assassinated"
"How I Feel When I Try To Dress Nice..."
"First time filing my own taxes ever..."
"Started my freshman year of college today..."
"I sure hope the guy behind me this morning is a Redditor..."
"Team Conservative!"
"How I see politics today"
"trying to understand quantum entanglement"
"Hold on little buddy"
"Trapdoor.... You Shall Not Pass!!!"
"Let's get a family picture on this bridge! [X-Post from r/pics]"
"How I feel posting on a Sunday morning."
"Black (Melanistic) Tiger"
"Every Day I'm Dumblin'!!!"
"your grandpa has to do what?"
"Did a google image search of unicorn tattoos. Did not disappoint."
"Whenever I cut in line I feel like this..."
"I had the same reaction when I heard it..."
"I thought this was adorable."
"Itunes has new terms and conditions to agree to?"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"doctor visit"
"Forever alone."
"Up top!"
"high five!"
"Every. Single. Night."
"You'll regret that"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Don't mess with the dishwasher"
"SKILL."
"Laser cat sees what you are doing inside"
"When someone tells a joke at my expense"
"Falcon Punch to the vagina!"
"'Merica"
"Sun out? Ice cream time!"
"Really What the Fuck is Happening Here?????"
"Feast your eyes on this."
"Soon"
"Einstein with an Einstein marionette"
"When I'm so tired after surfing reddit for hours"
"Mostly what i see on Facebook these days..."
"Hopping like a frog?"
"So I noticed everybody putting random letters and numbers at the end of imgur and thought I should give it a tr...OMGWTFBBQ?!"
"Putin had a pretty good view of the jump.."
"But then..."
"The Religion of Peace"
"Train Simulator 2013 out. It's time."
"when I have waited an hour for my food to come..."
"Beautiful shot"
"What the fuck! Is an understatement here."
"Never take advice from Pamperchu. (super wtf &quot;fetish&quot;)"
"The joys of living in Alabama. I don't know who will be more offended  /r/politics or /r/atheism."
"You is fine!!!!"
"You is fine!!! (x post from r/funny)"
"MFW I have to wait another week for TDKR to be released in my country..."
"How I feel as a waitress on Friday reading everyone's &quot;TGIF&quot; posts"
"what I know I look like when i try dancing on the weekends."
"WAIT A MINUTE..."
"This just popped out in my news feed. WTF?!"
"Don't mess with this guy"
"Sniper check..."
"Sniper Check... (x-post from r/offbeat)"
"My day on reddit"
"Why I break during corners [FIXED]"
"How to deal with cyber bullying"
"&quot;People always ask me if i know Tyler Durden&quot; by Emiliano Morciano *SPOILER*"
"My New Wallpaper"
"My Nokia finally died. What should I replace it with?"
"How i felt when no diablo posts on front page today"
"My boss just told me he's upgrading our internet from 2MBps to 50Mbps."
"That's what friends are for"
"Jesus Camp Dinosaur Rave"
"Modern Velociraptor"
"Vader's Opinion on Classic Rock."
"We know Darth  we know."
"Guy lights his crotch on fire"
"No time to explain  get in the car"
"Hunting"
"Searched Google for Nail Designs → Biting Nails disgusting!"
"Nothing makes me laugh more than this."
"The most adorable flight safety violation you'll ever see."
"Make love  Not friendzone."
"Angry birds solved....."
"My Heart Skipped A Beat."
"Surprise  motherfucker!"
"My first reddit post  and I understand y'all like cats  so I decided to be a little waggish..."
"I Like To Imagine This Is How Every Day Filming Community Ends [NSFW]"
"Surf the downvote wave"
"We got no food. We got no jobs. Our goalkeepers heads are falling off!"
"New Zealand goal keeper taking Alex Morgan's knee to the face."
"DOKKEN DOKKEN PARADISE!"
"Ridiculous Job Titles"
"What a guy."
"Stop! Hambeartime!"
"Smile Pup knows it's Friday."
"Dating single mothers..."
"Downvoting posts in /r/new"
"How I imagine Romania is after seeing two of their posts on the Reddit front page..."
"How I feel making new friends at the bar before my own friends get there."
"A nice swimming pool"
"And then I was Derpina. (Credit to SiegeRedwolf on DeviantArt)"
"I want to buy this book"
"That's why I'm a hit with the Girls. [FIXED]"
"I know it's old  but there's literally never been another .gif I can watch as long as I can watch this one. Cracks me up every time."
"seeing the speed limit sign on the highway while in bumper to bumper traffic..."
"Sleepy Kitteh"
"My girlfriend every time we start watching a movie."
"The Prank to end all pranks"
"Such a great method!"
"Barber Shop"
"Curiosity taking its own Pic [FIXED]"
"Pffffftttt"
"What Atheists Think"
"Alaskan klee kai puppy tastes lime"
"Aaachoo!"
"Fuck yo couch"
"Send Me On My Jig"
"The way things generally escalate on the internet."
"How I feel after a long day at work"
"uhh...i have no words for this"
"There's a whole lot of savings going 'round."
"Last Melancholy Jail Cat picture"
"“Happy birthday to… me. Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday dear me. Happy birthday to… me. (sigh) I sang this song alone this year too. When will someone sing the song for me?”"
"How I feel when my girlfriend gets more karma than me on my cake day."
"My Girlfriend left me on my Birthday-This is how I feel..."
"Like a muthafuckin BOSS"
"The difference between All-Wheel Drive and Rear-Wheel Drive - Top Gear style. (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"Bare feet on tiles vs. Socks on tiles"
"SlenderDick"
"I'm guessing lots of fucks were given"
"Definition of BSC"
"A beautiful sight  we're happy tonight"
"Laughed a little too hard."
"this is the last time i ever see my son"
"Sorry - I couldn't keep it in any longer..."
"WHARRGARBL!"
"At the Reddit Hotel  we don't use Water."
"I hate when my faucet leaks cats"
"If Romney and Obama switched hair..."
"What do you get when you cross a Pickle with Nicolas Cage?"
"Some Things Just Should Not Be"
"Wait for it..."
"How I feel at 3 AM after reading all of r/funny"
"my favourite face swap"
"Flirting on Facebook..."
"There's an evil mastermind at my university.."
"I have never felt so powerful."
"Bears don't dance. They wobble."
"DO NOT WANT"
"A cat's worst enemy"
"What is this...hmm ahhffucceghhd!"
"They see me rollin"
"The Fast &amp; The Furious: Polio Drift"
"Tit Controller"
"Best. Shirt. Ever"
"Im just gunna leave this here..."
"What I actually look like when I dance"
"Facewaves."
"Evolution is a bitch..."
"George Carlin on people  I agree..."
"Smart man."
"High five! [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"High five! [Fixed]"
"Brocat Daps"
"I felt so bad."
"Saw this on Twitter. Hell no!"
"Writing 8 hours a day as a grad student"
"Danger Zone!"
"Finally taught the dog to sit."
"Omnomnomnom banana cat"
"That's the spot"
"Sir David Frederick Attenborough in response to why he does not give credit to the &quot;Almighty power that created nature&quot;"
"David Attenborough = Legend"
"Youth picture of Osama bin Laden"
"reasons why people who work with computers seem to have a lot of spare time"
"What's that boy? You say Jimmy is stuck in the pond?"
"I have a feeling girls will think it's the opposite."
"Immediately after fapping"
"2012 NatGeo Photo Contest Winners"
"as an atheist in utah..."
"blush !"
"Meanwhile in Turkey"
"Just drop me off at the next village."
"Damn cool friends!!!"
"When I See My Ex Across the Street"
"A breathtaking aerial view of an abandoned mill in Italy"
"This just came up on Facebook with the caption &quot;Chinese guy with major sunburn&quot;"
"Sleep in the beach."
"This is why people should not sleep at beaches"
"Australia is not that bad...this slice of heav-ARGH GET IT OFF ME!"
"The ORIGINAL Grumpy Cat"
"why has this not been done yet?"
"i wonder what happens next..."
"Nice try."
"Can I give you a helping hand at making breakfast?"
"My son with Hermione...!"
"Before the lock was invented..."
"That should do the trick."
"Context is everything."
"Ok I know what the first girl is doing  but what is the 2nd girl doing?"
"Lookout Bitches"
"With chemo starting tomorrow  this was my first waking thought."
"Imgur's top 11 images of 2011"
"A friend posted this on his facebook. We need more of this in America..."
"Angry Birds"
"Cancelled (r/skeptic x-post)"
"Being on Reddit at 2am"
"Falling Asleep in Class"
"Seeing my friend hook up with the girl I introduced him to."
"How I feel when playing Mundo and activating my W"
"Sheep Shield: Activated"
"Ah like th' roof o'yer mouf  CAN AH BARRAW' IT?"
"Been posted many times...But always makes my day !!"
"Boop! Lolz!"
"How I feel when I'm dressed for an interview"
"Don't Mess With the Pep Band..."
"Skrillex the movie"
"Not always graceful"
"Steve never was very graceful"
"Draw something math..."
"Nothing to waste"
"That fish cray"
"getting 100 upvotes"
"When I see three re-posts in a row on the front page"
"View of The Milky Way in Turkey [1200x685]"
"Ice Ice Baby"
"'Murica's Theme"
"Wait for it."
"Cool story Bro."
"Builders Bum"
"Problem Solved"
"Genius solution to an unpleasant problem?"
"Not the best idea for r/aww"
"Just an average Friday night..."
"How I feel when driving during rush hour"
"ow  my brain"
"Standoff"
"As an Australian seeing all these posts about the presidential debate."
"Unreal pics of the volcano eruption in Chile."
"Red Lighting"
"I would have had to kick this guy's ass."
"Talk about multitasking"
"Gandalf #1 business man"
"More Donegal... and the rest of the planet."
"John Connor was right.....Judgemnt Day"
"Amazing clouds"
"Fight!"
"&quot;Cristopher Robin vs. Calvin&quot;"
"maybe he's just a misunderstood  birthday clown."
"Pull over"
"Nightmare juice"
"Tall orange pants"
"By our founding fathers IS THAT A POLO SHIRT"
"Dancing Zebra"
"Whenever I get a great grade on something I was sure I had failed"
"Geddan Dovahkiin!"
"Dubstep born"
"I'm having a c-section tomorrow. Pretty sure this is how it will go."
"Always upset me...and Dwight"
"Best friends."
"looking good. LOOKIIING GOOOD...aaaaaand...nope"
"How I feel at work on a Tuesday with a massive hangover trying to get anything done"
"Everytime I think I post something good"
"Would you still go for it? [NSFW]"
"Hand of God (xpost from r/atheism)"
"D is such a very nice letter"
"The Molestation of Adam"
"Real or fake?"
"This..."
"I got a kick out of this"
"Why God never received a PhD"
"Seven hours in one image. Gorgeous. (by Isil Karanfil)"
"This is still my Favorite Call of Duty Game"
"Caution: Wide Load"
"Yeah sure I'll help you plank....OH GAWD  WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"
"This is my new favorite subreddit  so have this [FIXED]"
"When I see a hilarious post and find out in the comments it was a repost "
"The Truth About Every Climate Change Skeptic"
"Who here actually support Rick Santorum? I want to hear from you. (FIXED)"
"Russians"
"Super Chuck Norris"
"How certain chemicals affect the aging process"
"So I heard you guys like awkward family photos and pictures of pets... Well  check this out."
"I hope we can this time..."
"How I feel when getting upvotes for posting an overused gif.."
"Every single conversation !"
"oh superman  you so funny"
"So very true."
"Some pictures say a thousand words  this one says one: Poaching."
"Every time someone posts something from Reddit on facebook..."
"I want one!"
"GUESS THE GUYS AMONG THESE GIRLS!"
"Underwater dog photography"
"My personal favorite"
"My Brother set this as my background  Fuck you bro!"
"where have you been ? you late!"
"Oh Obama  you so crazy"
"My favorite picture of the president."
"I don't see any  do you?"
"My friends cat will try anything to leave her."
"That'll do."
"Just some adorable fox PDA."
"Just a picture of Will ferrell."
"I wish I could throw tantrums like these sometimes."
"What I do when my girlfriend makes a joke."
"The music industry sucks - the Dead Kennedys rock."
"Oh Hell Naw"
"Damn cat hair!"
"If you had a machine that could stop time  what would /b/ do?"
"Baby Turtle Tuesday"
"Facial Hair Length"
"Bambi's unlucky day."
"When I wake up to find out windows restarted my PC"
"supermodels without makeup"
"Come back here  dammit!"
"OHHHHH YEAHHHHH...."
"Dont ask Dont tell"
"Both sad and disgusting"
"Get them started early."
"SWAG"
"Whenever I see another country win gold..."
"How I feel when my friend brags about getting a great score on a test when I did poorly"
"he sat like this the entire class period."
"A newborn baby gorilla at Melbourne Zoo gets a checkup at the hospital and shows surprise at the coldness of the stethoscope."
"Good news everyone..."
"I Don't Want To Live On This Planet Anymore"
"Woke up at 4 A.M. Two hours before i needed to"
"recap of s05e08 (spoilers)"
"Girlfriend's son walks into our dinner party using her vibrator as a light sabor."
"Girlfriend's son walks into our dinner party using her vibrator as a light saber."
"My girlfriend just told me she'll let me post her on gonewild!"
"Reaction To Everything I Post On Reddit"
"Happy birthday you hilarious bastard..."
"This Guy (:"
"You're welcome!"
"but officer  I thought you said texting and driving was wrong?"
"Secret Question"
"So Do I......"
"When I came back from the bathroom and saw a waiter taking my unfinished meal and drink."
"Megaton: Life before the bomb"
"The logic of Islam extremists (Fixed)"
"WOLOLO"
"I think I'll buy my drugs somewhere else"
"Hey bro  sup  how's your morning going?"
"Meep!"
"Beauty in destruction"
"Here have a Jesus comic!"
"You got the stuff?"
"After recreational use of marijuana has been legalized in Washington and Colorado  this picture came to my mind"
"Thought I'd creep a few people out with this."
"Me around girls"
"Every redditor when Rob DenBleyker tweets something."
"I was searching flamingos when I found this..."
"His eyebrows slipped down his face"
"My 3 year old son's first oil painting."
"could someone tell me the source of this?"
"A creepy-ass gif that I have no explanation for."
"Muslim hypocrisy"
"If I had one hour to live"
"My final form"
"Buster Keaton"
"Buster Keaton having a bit of car trouble. [x-post r/oldschoolcool]"
"When I try to get to the front page..."
"My thoughts while driving over bumps with a rental car"
"Awwwh &lt;3"
"In honor of tonight  *my* favorite Twilight meme!"
"My father sent me this"
"This must be a terrible show"
"Our most famous guest!"
"Mountain Goats ain't got SHIT on this."
"Variations"
"What Don't They Know!?"
"Romney  you're scaring me dude."
"Patriarch Vader: The Force is strong in Greece"
"Star Wars is a religion"
"This keeps me awake at night...[FIXED]"
"I would have never guessed who it was."
"Mother and her young"
"Just le me derping when suddenly....NOPE."
"Links 2-3-4"
"Found out my girlfriend of 2 years was cheating on me. This was my reaction when they told me I could get a full refund on the engagement ring I bought."
"My nephew decided to grow a beard. Thoughts?"
"How I feel after visiting r/spacedicks"
"Call Todd"
"I steal from the riches...."
"It's a hard knock life!"
"EA  reboot this franchise and I'll forgive you for every Madden from this generation."
"So Happeeee"
"I see your repost and raise you a repost!"
"The Truth about Whiskey"
"At least I'm not the only one..."
"Giant Mirrored Building Facade Can Turn Anyone into Spiderman"
"I can't believe I still do this"
"Oh  Ron. [x-post /r/EmmaWatson]"
"How i view &quot;tough&quot;middle schoolers."
"Just a little bird."
"Boing"
"true talent"
"Colors"
"i just made an upvote gif (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Thought it fit..."
"Badass fight: one man vs 20."
"I'm sorry to inform you that Earth is about to be been eaten by a fire demon."
"Whenever I hear Romney explain his tax plan"
"Hey  I don't wanna sound like a queer or nothin'  but I think unicorns are kick ass!"
"Haters Gonna Hate.."
"Haters Gonna Hate..."
"They see me rolling..."
"That's just how I roll Yo!"
"They see me rollin' [FIXED]"
"My life: Daytime vs. Night time"
"yes."
"Buscemi under an electron microscope."
"My reaction to most responses on my comments."
"What it really means to be American.."
"Best face swap ever."
"My first reaction after joining twitter"
"When I realize I still have to climb the stairs to get to my room while trying to sneak around my parents drunk"
"How to make soup."
"Every day"
"Why deadpool is the best superhero."
"They know whats important"
"Seems legit...."
"Tried to explain what Reddit was to a friend via text. This is what he sent back. He should fit right in."
"Just realized I've been on reddit for one year now..."
"How knifing works in CoD"
"Stop hitting yourself"
"Bought some lettuce...."
"Taxidermy"
"My new dance move"
"Baby bat."
"See this at a party"
"So I'm at a party and see this..."
"dont?"
"Cop rewards kitty with a scratch behind the ear"
"Cop gives kitty a scratch behind the ear"
"My kind of party. NSFW"
"Found this in my old funny pictures folder. No clue where it came from. I can't stop laughing."
"Thieving Bastard"
"Hey Carl"
"Me when Reddit was blocked at work today"
"No Basketball"
"You laugh  you lose."
"The depths and shallows of a male mind. [FIX'D]"
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"Thug Life"
"This has gotten out of hand"
"My friend had a rough year in kindergarten."
"Steven Seagal kicks ass!"
"Oh man  you are so funny!"
"80's style cat photography."
"Searched &quot;best image on the internet&quot;. I think Reddit will agree."
"I think I agree with Google. This is the &quot;Greatest picture on the internet&quot;"
"Googled &quot;The best picture on the internet.&quot; Should have known..."
"Googled &quot;Best picture on the internet&quot;..."
"I never thought of it that way...but this actually makes perfect cents."
"I would love to toke in here  and watch the fish. Say this in r/roomporn."
"Awesome"
"Pretty much the perfect evening"
"Welcome to summer"
"Awesome optical illusion - look at the + and only the +"
"The elements."
"Asked to sign a theist petition  surrounded by theists."
"After getting a flirty text from my ex"
"Another great Rorschach quote"
"1920x1080 Rorschach Quote"
"I had my suspicions..."
"My new watch movement cufflinks"
"Fred unmasks a monster"
"What? No. Why? This can't be real..."
"Mega Anti-Meme"
"Even wizards need oakley(The Hobbit)"
"All of the other Reindeer..."
"Don't mess with Rudolph. (x-post /funny)"
"&lt; 88 MPH"
"Fat Man Going Crazy"
"How I feel hitting on girls"
"how i feel playing sports"
"Very tempting offer."
"How to troll a sliding door"
"fwd: fwd: fwd: fwd: DO NOT SWALLOW YOUR CHEWING-GUM or else  see what happens:"
"How I feel each new hour on Reddit."
"My wife's friend breeds pugs. Without explanation  she put one on a horse."
"Take this SH!T"
"Poor raccoon"
"Mein Kampfy Sled"
"looked up &quot;Hitler&quot; for a report. Found this."
"How I feel when I watch youtube now."
"Homophobe"
"Like a sailor.."
"Self fan"
"I was the first developer in my company. 5 years and 10 developers later..."
"How I feel when my teacher makes us use internet explorer."
"How I Feel Browsing the Front Page Today"
"Being a european from reddit these days (x-post from r/funny)"
"I slept in today."
"How I felt waking up this morning"
"What's with all the butter pictures?"
"That's 100g right there."
"Disco spider has smooth moves"
"The second I feel spider web silk touch my skin."
"I love Alison Brie"
"These little bastards...."
"Feel the Fury!"
"Stay safe  kids. [NSFW]"
"Couldn't be more true"
"Portal Christmas Tree? I know what I'm doing next christmas"
"Merry Portal Christmas!"
"These people win Christmas"
"Portal Christmas tree"
"Portal christmas tree"
"Christmas Tree into a Portal"
"Just another statue that makes you turn and say WTF??"
"This is going to haunt me for days."
"Party"
"Cat DJ For Hire"
"Vanilla cat"
"ASAP Kitty"
"It Was Too Hard To Resist"
"Inside Of Box Is Off Limits"
"An odd couple"
"Hey  remember the 90s?"
"Some Dogs Go To Heaven?"
"When churches fight"
"Oh no she didn't"
"This man should go back to stealing candy from babies."
"So we had the police called on us for lighting too many fireworks last night..."
"Girl collect menstrual blood in jar  uses it to make cookies. [FIXED]"
"Big bear hugs!"
"Aweeeeee WTF"
"Its not a good look"
"Today is my day off. This is how I feel."
"Getting excited in the back seat  that is all."
"When I found out my college town was getting a Chipotle.."
"Waking up to find my link karma has doubled and I'm on the front page of r/gifs."
"When I posted a comment this morning and saw that it was my cakeday"
"How I Feel When I see that Kate Upton is #1 on Yahoo's Trending Now"
"Been listening to Nujabes tunes all weekend. This is how my ears feel right now:"
"A meal for the whole family (NSFW)"
"It's Leif Erikson Day!"
"If we could harness their power  we could solve the energy crisis"
"Fuck off kid"
"Fuck off kid"
"Fucking Lightning!"
"Who names your kid something like that?"
"Maneki-neko IRL"
"Ferrofluid"
"This scared the piss out of me as a kid"
"Just chillin'"
"Big Wigs stand in a section of spillway tubing  Hoover Dam  circa 1935 [1164x888]"
"I remember my first beer"
"Can you see me now?"
"this says it for many..."
"Best rage gif ever"
"Catastrophe"
"Sploosh"
"Come at me bro!"
"Student of the year."
"Wu Tang GTA"
"Monday morning  8 am. [Fixed]"
"Every Four Years"
"All i think about when i hear anything romney or obama related"
"=)"
"This has been my email signature for too long."
"I can't lie  I actually want to do this..."
"Found this on Facebook this morning"
"&quot;I like people whose names tell short stories...&quot;"
"John Went"
"TIL Walruses are naturally shy and don't like people making a lot of fuss"
"What up voting an unsuccessful post feels like."
"Walrus' reaction after getting a birthday cake made out of fish"
"Happy birthday  walrus!"
"How I feel when I turn on my blinding bathroom light after sleeping for three hours."
"How I feel when I walk in on my mom as she's coming out of the shower."
"Everyday after school  I'd make a point to talk to the janitor before I left. When I graduated  he gave the best gift I've ever gotten. &quot;This is for being my friend &quot; he said."
"&quot;Kart&quot; (Mario Kart parody of the movie &quot;Drive&quot;)"
"When someone agrees with my comment"
"I know it's not an animal  but my girlfriend showed me this picture"
"irl mario kart"
"Girlfriend says &quot;I have a surprise for you tomorrow&quot;"
"College Cheerleaders"
"ALL FUCKING DAY"
"soon..."
"Googled &quot;cutest puppy in the world&quot;..yep."
"This should come standard with Reddit Gold"
"First poster for Spielberg's Lincoln"
"Lincoln (2012) [743x1100]"
"Google Street View delivers"
"On Buddhism  samsara  and science (repost time! thanks soldiercrabs)"
"Mhm yeah  yeah  yeah ..whoaaaaa shitt!"
"I see your Darth Vader condom  and raise you this..."
"Female Anatomy Explained: Understanding the Vagina"
"Eel"
"It's my 2nd Reddit Birthday  I didn't notice in time to celebrate my first one... so this is how I feel today."
"My reaction when pottermore sorted me into GRYFFINDOR!!"
"I just passed a really difficult exam."
"How I feel when someone wants to argue on Reddit"
"Whenever one of my posts get more than 10 upvotes."
"This takes some perfect timing and just being in the right place at the right time."
"lol wut."
"It's gonna be fucking HOT on Tuesday."
"What did people use before google?"
"What the hell is this?? Penisses have become it's own creatures. Nsfw"
"When someone takes the last slice of pizza (without asking)"
"One of the scariest images from my childhood..."
"Hey r/Atheism  I Think We Should Start Our Own Church"
"Simple  yet amazing clock"
"Ya  so this exists.."
"If I fits  I sits"
"You're so not invited to my birthday party!"
"Puppy Conga Line! GO!"
"Fearless"
"Trying to ward baron and finding the entire enemy team already there"
"Bane Headphones"
"Don't try this at home  kids."
"Nailed it"
"A bad time indeed..."
"Learned this shortly after entering the adult world"
"So my proff. Said this today in class and had to make a meme"
"Halo 4 in a nutshell."
"How I feel when I stumble into /r/politics..."
"The Gay Test."
"Confused now"
"How I feel whenever I get to 90% on a torrent"
"Looks like Russell Brand is is taking his divorce from Katy Perry pretty well."
"Fuck the Police [NSFW]"
"This was just emailed to me! Thought you guys might like it!"
"John  shoot buttercup!! JUST SHOOT HIM"
"D-Day"
"D-Day"
"Kidnap?"
"So comfy"
"Camo Cat"
"Christmas will be postponed due to a death in the family"
"I see your frozen foxes and horses  and I raise you a frozen reindeer"
"Really?!??!... i don't think that's right......"
"On the edge of forever"
"NOPE"
"The History of Man..."
"She probably hasn't even seen all the movies..."
"Recently married. This is my new motto [FIXED]"
"As it's my birthday on Tuesday  I thought it'd be a good idea to book DKR tickets for that night. How I feel today:"
"After being in the sun for 8 hours on Saturday without wearing sunscreen."
"Extreme Parkour."
"Today is my reddit birthday  tomorrow is my 21st birthday. This is me on Saturday."
"How i feel waking up at a friends house"
"Got told I 'was not aesthetic enough' for a job. My Reaction?..."
"Ninja FAIL!"
"Route 340."
"Clever storage space"
"Because fuck iPods  that's why."
"Bumble Bee Rollin' Out"
"Troll Dentist/the craziest thing to see before the laughing gas sets in."
"You kids  with your &quot;cloud computers&quot; and &quot;Googly Docs&quot;"
"Kids Today"
"Its understood."
"&quot;I love you"
"When my girlfriend asked which beach volleyball player i'd sleep with"
"My girlfriend recently dumped me because she was sleeping around with..."
"Who hates badly edited gifs?"
"Krakatoa through driftwood."
"Bismuth"
"This is for all the people in the dumps!"
"Yo Mama's so fat..."
"The difference between cats and dogs [FIXED]"
"The Doctor"
"Abandoned Yugoslavian Monument [1122x886]"
"Tenants in Egypt complain of water shortage"
"In Croatia  thought I was taking a picture of the Google Maps tricycle but it was actually taking a picture of me!"
"Taking care of your baby."
"Nick Cage wants to be with you always"
"And so it begins..."
"The upside to visiting my family on Easter..."
"I work for a big company. When I see a &quot;Say Hello to new employee X&quot; email go out to everyone."
"Windows 8 ships in Late Oct."
"I heard he has a thing for Ayn Rand..."
"How I have felt as a Floridian on FB over the past few days"
"A line in the sand"
"No  THIS is how Reddit works."
"It's been 1 year since I've joined this place. Cheers!"
"My dance after i get more then 1o upvotes on a post"
"Where's the W?"
"I rode a bike to school... this boy rides a shark."
"Monsieur Mittens"
"Seriously"
"Spot on."
"Bertrand Russell On The Paradox of Fools And Wise Men"
"Just wanted to say thank you to all of you on Reddit for bringing me to such a helpful  fun  happy place for a whole year! Stay classy San Diego!"
"It glitches. ALOT."
"How if feel when a gif doesn't load"
"When I first found Reddit"
"When a website tells me &quot;your password is too easy to guess&quot;"
"My reaction when the rest of the community is enjoying the free Diablo 3 beta weekend  and I find out my graphics card is unsupported."
"Reposting my favorite GIF for my Cake Day"
"Cat in Russian snow"
"Kitty in snow"
"What will Christians think up next !?!"
"Christian Bale"
"Sometimes you just need a stretch"
"Ow my balls"
"One of the first memes that got me hooked on Reddit."
"How I've felt since my girlfriend went home for spring break."
"What does it take to get a walk around here. (Cake Day)"
"Toilet training"
"The original badass poncho."
"herder vs hurr durr"
"Sexy!?"
"I see your heavy breathing  twisted dog and raise you a heavy breathing  twisted cat"
"Hey Verizon!"
"Like a boss(GIF)"
"I googled &quot;Nicolas Cage is a gorilla&quot;. I was disappointed."
"I have always envied gymnastics"
"Hurricanes Since 1851"
"When you walk into McDonald’s with more than five dollars [FIXED]"
"The Most Powerful Pokemon"
"Such majesty..."
"Such majesty..."
"the recent CME (coronal mass ejection) on the Sun"
"Don't Look Down."
"Saw this picture pop up on FB today  and I read it in a English accent."
"You'll get your pizza in 30 minutes or less  guaranteed."
"So I went for my first drive today..."
"How I feel posting on here lately.."
"Oh how life has changed  signing off for a while..."
"What a difference 15 years can make.."
"Hover Cat."
"The Deadly Sins by Kris Kuksi"
"That must have been one big rooster"
"is exactly the same as..."
"5 minutes: men vs. women"
"I feel like this will be me one day with all of the games I've collected and haven't played."
"Even Kurt Cobain couldn't resist..."
"Terraced Rice Fields  China. Unbelievable color."
"OHHHHHHH HO HO HO..."
"This is why you dont give your number to strangers!"
"After my finals are over and no longer need my notes."
"Quality Parenting"
"Wearing my Mom's sunglasses as a kid"
"Holy Crap!"
"friend's dog sleeping..."
"This puppy is a master of disguise!!!!"
"My dog likes to make shapes"
"Maybe next time North Korea"
"Justin Bieber's #1 fan! [NSFW]"
"So fluffy!"
"Amazing baseball bat trick"
"It's a beautiful day"
"There's plenty more."
"For science!"
"Friend post this on facebook. Made me laugh but WTF"
"Jimi Hendrix and employment"
"How I feel ever since I graduated from college..."
"I will be your girlfriend. I WILL BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND."
"When I check my bank account after the weekend"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today"
"There is a definite lack of Puffins on reddit"
"Happy Birthday  MLK!!"
"I have a dream  that one day  my four little children will be clean..."
"My favorite kind of day"
"Give my compliments to the chef"
"Omg bubbles"
"I'm a huge Beatles fan &amp; this guy is a lucky Photo Bomb! (pics)"
"Whenever I lay my head on my girlfriend's chest."
"Anonymeows is Legion"
"Went to the Vet's Office Today. This is How We Were Greeted."
"It happens to me all the time"
"Avoiding the awkward with awkward"
"socially awkward penguin goes driving"
"Every time I pay for something"
"When I discovered r/NSFW"
"My reaction to Michelle Bachmann dropping out."
"War Horse"
"Dafuq?"
"Shot of a lifetime (x-post from pics)"
"The strangest and craziest gif I have ever seen...that is all"
"This is what I came home to yesterday"
"They Hatin'"
"Inspirational wallpaper"
"Chicago Lights"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus"
"Just cleaning my ball..."
"Flight of the Sandstorm (the other one was broken)"
"Srsly?"
"Eagles are scary. They steal children and murder deer."
"This..."
"Yeehaw!"
"Oops..."
"Obamacare is upheld!"
"Anyone got a light?"
"Sitting on the couch with my laptop...then this happened"
"How I react when a new episode of Legend of Korra comes on"
"About toothbrushing..."
"Lightning striking Chilean volcano mid-eruption"
"Lightning striking Chilean volcano mid-eruption [x/post woahdude]"
"Still waiting...."
"Wub wub wub"
"Who doesn't love melons?"
"Error  Error  Error"
"IPhone 5"
"&quot;Place Your Finger Here&quot;"
"Going to the V-E-T"
"Attention: vegetarians who play the Harry Potter video game while stoned at Burning Man are wholly and completely fucked."
"Upcoming trend in South America. Hopefully stays there."
"San Francisco in may 1906"
"Let's Go For A Walk"
"You get an A for awesome"
"Bring It On"
"I'll be your girlfriend"
"Getting to know gay guys on the internet [gif x-posted from r/gifs]"
"This reminded me of 99% of the girls out there..."
"A splash of rose"
"It was a bit salty"
"what I look like when I give handjobs (SFW)"
"Can this please be started?"
"Seuss realities"
"My Thought Process Whenever Someone Talks For More Than A Minute Straight"
"Psychological fact #58..."
"No? Ok maybe later..."
"When life gives you lemons..."
"Well... he did spend time on a whole planet made of &quot;ice.&quot; (From George Takei's fb page)"
"Where I learned to eat a girl out [FIXED]"
"All I could think about while watching the debates [FIXED]"
"Nazi voting ballot after the Anschluss asking whether Austria agreed with the reunification  Ja or Nein?"
"Cyborg Tattoo..."
"Not excited to see kangaroos."
"Shy Guy redux"
"Anarchy in The UK"
"Shit's going down here in the UK."
"Hope this doesn't happen to me today."
"The 1990's in one picture"
"Things giraffes hate"
"So close..."
"Hey  whatcha doin?"
"Minecraft Rage"
"Hello  this is a dog"
"Like a mouse boss [GIF]"
"humpty dumpty down on the grass"
"And this is why it should stay out of government..."
"Found this at Georgia Tech. OC"
"Best .GIF ever- 3D"
"Found this in a thread...I knew where it needed to go."
"I've made a collection of cool mindfucking 3D gifs for you guys. Enjoy."
"They see us rollin"
"When did this ever seem like a good idea?"
"Oh my god eggs!"
"want to live there?"
"Hunter S. Thompson  Johnny Depp and John Cusack outside The Viper Room"
"Seeing a lot of this regarding DOOMBA"
"Bob Marley CDs"
"HaHa"
"What really gave Luke the courage to destroy the Death Star"
"OMFG WHITNEY DIED. Meanwhile  in &quot;I don't give a freaking damn&quot; land..."
"albino baby sea turtle"
"Trying to call a truce with my fiance in a karma war"
"How I feel about my teammates in blink pick recently."
"Gets me every time"
"You've probably seen this already. I laugh at this more than I should"
"Wine glass breaks"
"Sodacide!"
"My friend just sent me this... Anyone have an idea what's wrong with this tongue?"
"I didn't want to eat today anyway..."
"What did I just see?"
"The House Stark"
"Whenever I speak in a London bus (as an American)  at least five people do this to me."
"World tallest dog."
"Picked this little guy up from the spca yesterday!!"
"Push it to the limit"
"Banana."
"How I feel hooking up with girls now"
"Oh Modern Family how I love you"
"Meep!"
"What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?"
"RUGRATS"
"This may be a re-post  but at least it's not a re-post."
"Forgetful grandma is forgetful."
"Dubstep Batman"
"Tired puppies gif"
"Weaponized Valentine's Day."
"Like a BOSS"
"Good Catch [FIXED]"
"Mitt Romney may be a little small faced"
"Instant death is getting expensive."
"Checking out your ex girlfriend's profile."
"Changing into a lane with construction ahead."
"Riding &quot;not giving a fuck&quot; style"
"Derp"
"Building the Statue of Liberty  1884."
"After teaching in public schools for 2 weeks I find this sadly true."
"I have a dream...."
"Gentlemen."
"Gentlemen  please"
"This Is Kinda Weird [Fixed]"
"Young Stephen Hawking wedding day"
"A friend saw this..."
"How do you like your MOMS?"
"MILFs for Sale..."
"...more like Cone of Awesomeness!"
"You silly animals  get down from there"
"Where will you be when the drugs kick in?"
"If I saw these in the US  I would buy every single one."
"Does that come in large?"
"&quot;I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.&quot; - Thomas Jefferson"
"My face when I ask someone for a favor."
"When I let out a &quot;silent but deadly&quot; one"
"I'm sorry for saying sorry. So sorry so here's a picture to say how Sorry i am"
"RAWR House"
"The only two men on a mission from god the I care about [fixed]"
"So simple yet mind still blown."
"Floating cube trick"
"Mindfucked."
"My reaction when I saw an advertisement For Snooki and Jwow's new show."
"Om nom nom nom nom"
"Found this on my friends Facebook."
"World’s largest &amp; Most AWESOME 3D Street Painting"
"Such is the extent of my note taking. [OC]"
"I get called that a lot"
"nasa picture of the day"
"&quot;Where have I gone wrong?&quot; - Charles M. Schulz [3000 x 1198]"
"dramatic cat"
"Christian Bale is one committed actor"
"Don't Go!"
"Popcorn"
"Duckface faceswap."
"Best or worst Halloween costume ever?"
"My reaction when my girlfriend told me that she is getting a cat."
"Missed by inches.! WTF"
"My reaction when I realize I have been on Reddit for a year."
"Guys will stick their dicks in anything."
"Dirty art"
"Bruce Lee's special day"
"Good Ol' Mister Rogers."
"Mr. Rogers taught me everything I know today"
"Well ok and thanks for the free wifi!"
"My attempt at keeping the less intelligent wifi scavengers at bay."
"Was waiting at the bus stop for 30 minutes  and I tried to mooch off wi-fi"
"When I defeat an English Major at Words with Friends."
"Hello Neighbor."
"GTA V - Tennis is in!"
"perfect timing"
"It's my cake day and I googled 'How to get on the frontpage of Reddit.'"
"Insecure Girlfriend"
"baby owl  why you so scared"
"Say what?"
"Honest Abe the athiest..."
"Abe Lincoln on Religion"
"When my girlfriend sends a winkyface in a text  this is what I imagine her doing. [Gif]"
"Trying to juggle ap classes whilst being an avid reditor."
"Just a monkey taking a bath (xpost /r/gifs)"
"What is this?... What am I doing here?"
"Pick Up Line works everytime"
"Aww that's so swee- wait what?"
"Ronaldo unsure of himself"
"How to avoid awkward silences"
"The most dangerous break dancing move of them all."
"Me  trying to dance with a cute girl around"
"If J.J. Abrams and Vince Gilligan teamed up for a show."
"An African Sunset"
"As a Brit  this is what Reddit feels like waiting for you Americans to wake up."
"Working at the office today..."
"It's Friday  have a laugh"
"What newer computers are missing... [fixed]"
"Who needs a spambot when you have friends like these!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson gets it."
"It's quite possible that the Flash is my friend on Facebook"
"A random venezuelan added me on fb... Here's part of the conversation..."
"The Most Annoying Kid in the World"
"Here's how I feel reading news articles regarding the Ron Paul RNC fiasco (and  actually  most news articles these days)"
"I asked for a trim."
"Found this in the image reference section of my school library. I can't tell the expression he's making. (x post r/funny)"
"What sorcery is this?"
"There's fan art  and then there's just WTF"
"Couldn't figure out where to post this  so I'm putting it here. I don't know what to say."
"My view on happiness."
"Final Exams."
"&quot;Did you have trouble finishing it?&quot;"
"Why.. won't.. you... close... oh."
"How the hell.. (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Homework sucks"
"Golden monkeys"
"Just a portable couch..."
"Quote From Man Stabbed"
"Classic mistake"
"He was asking for it."
"The most adorable frog ever"
"How I react when an attractive girl flirts with me"
"I don't think this is what he meant..."
"Got a Text From a Random Number..."
"Usain Bolt Tweet on Paralympics"
"Sorrento  Italy"
"Forget cocaine spider. Look at this shit."
"The Obamas"
"Party"
"Adolph Hipster"
"I see you."
"Passing smoke"
"Did Pepsico actually go through with the fun the few winner or is this just a good Photoshop?"
"New! From Mountain Dew!"
"Even if you don't like birds"
"Talking on the phone during class"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"How I feel after being single for 9 months"
"One of my favorite pictures."
"Comet McNaught between fireworks and thunder (Australia Day 2007)"
"Great behind the scenes photo from The Empire Strikes Back."
"A different perspective on one of the most memorable scenes in Star Wars."
"Juggling"
"Oops...dropped the ball."
"Sex with Chuck Norris"
"My buddy passed out at a party last night"
"Flying brooms my ass."
"Walls can't say no"
"There are some pretty weird movies out there."
"Wanna join?"
"Best pool party ever."
"Texting and driving is dangerous"
"omg  which film is that."
"What I feel like when I argue with a dumb ass."
"Shooting the MGM logo... carefully"
"Hairless Bear. DO NOT WANT"
"Sweet shop  bro"
"A 3D Street Painting of The Dark Knight Rises"
"Welcome to the internet"
"Grandma Betty will be your guide"
"Riding Without Giving a Fuck"
"986F 64B9 3005 E03E FC42 A41E BD57 3179"
"My home."
"The best cocaine ad I've ever seen"
"No fairytale ending with cocaine"
"The dangers of dihydrogen monoxide!"
"Also  fish have sex in it..."
"Just right"
"This is why I am waiting for summer to be over!"
"Proud. (xpost r/funny)"
"Not just a regular skateboard fail..."
"Wo bodaboboadbaoadjsfhlkrjh Yaahhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Wo bodaboboadbaoadjsfhlkrjh Yaahhhhhhhhhhh! (xpost from /r/funny"
"Excuse me..."
"Dafuq...a little help here?"
"Sudden Realization Bear"
"Why I had to remove NSFW from my frontpage"
"Recognizing someone you know on r/gonewild (FIXED)"
"Seven days without internet  I just got it repaired."
"How I single handily raised money to help breast cancer research"
"No matter what  this picture always makes me laugh."
"um wat [xpost from /r/woahdude]"
"She's got the look!!"
"Cartwheel"
"What a jerk"
"Enemy targeted... engaging... applying self-cleaning... recalculating... engaging... [GIF]"
"Evil Genius Cat"
"Most hilarious thing I've seen all week!"
"stumbled upon r/spacedicks"
"Poooooooooo"
"Are you guys gonna pass the blunt?"
"Google searched  &quot;You got lucky this time&quot;....."
"When the teacher sees me chewing gum."
"Um...wut?"
"How FPS games are made."
"Referee makes a spectacular entrance"
"Nice muscle dude"
"Eminem pieces of advice."
"Let's see who will cheat now."
"Photobomb - This guys doing it right."
"Only black guy I've seen who can't play/slam dunk in basketball"
"How it feels to get a few upvotes and then a barrage of downvotes."
"Oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"Seems Legit"
"If only I had a friend in the back seat like this..."
"Good to know  Siri... Good to know"
"Vampire Dog Issues"
"A complex friendship."
"Its Dinner Time"
"Found this on a co-worker's computer. Should I be scared?"
"Was talking to my friends  thought I was sending this to them. Put it in the wrong chat; with the girl I hooked up with last weekend. Oh god."
"Oh Children.. It's dinner time! [NSFW]"
"Don't be late!"
"Oh  children  it's... dinner time!"
"So Hungry"
"Objects in the mirror are more ghetto than they appear."
"One of the best lines from Psych."
"Never mess with Frankie Muniz"
"New Zealand 2011"
"Whenever life gets you down  Mrs. Brown..."
"I just leave this here..."
"How I felt when a girl said it was hot that I play acoustic guitar"
"I just discovered this by a happy accident"
"Hearing a spoiler"
"Like I give a fuck..."
"How I sometimes feel when submitting something to reddit"
"Welcome to church"
"Filthy hair"
"Germany Netherlands game summed up in one image"
"I can't be the only one who spotted it"
"Data Cap"
"When a program I don't want suddenly starts downloading"
"When I play my friends on Tekken..."
"I've mastered your earthly sport. Now I must go  my people need me."
"When I'm Toddlers in Tiaras"
"i dont wanna live on this planet anymore"
"My buddy sent me this. I feel so violated."
"How i view &quot;And i'm just sitting here masturbating&quot; posts"
"saw this on my newsfeed today"
"Concert goat"
"Sounds about right..."
"When all my friends are talking about Eurovision being tonight"
"When the brownies kick in"
"How I felt the first time I successfully controlled a lucid dream."
"Having sex at an [8]"
"How I feel on my cake day."
"ducklings"
"ducklings"
"one way to get into your car"
"&quot;He must be good&quot;"
"Refreshing reddit and seeing all blue links"
"When I have to take a cold shower"
"Protesters in Ireland shooting fresh made milk against the police."
"British Gas: Logo Placement at its Finest"
"My favorite GIF So far"
"Please tell me this happens to other people before I lose my shit."
"How I feel after dodging three rounds of layoffs at my company"
"NOM!"
"Om Nom Nom"
"Imma bite yo nose off"
"Star Wars Fusion!"
"Take a deep breath. Watch this for 5 minutes. Everything is going to be okay."
"trampoline testing facility"
":-)"
"Defeating gravity or not  you could at least face the spoons the same direction."
"You look pretty Denise"
"Best picture I have seen in awhile"
"Best friends"
"Found in an English book in South Korea"
"Well  I need to go clean my eyeballs"
"When I'm in a particularly dangerous comment thread."
"How I feel about all the hurricane Sandy posts"
"As an Australian  what I think when I see &quot;as an Australian&quot; posts"
"Racist jokes"
"How I feel finding my ex boyfriend's Reddit account and seeing he now comments on r/gonewild since we broke up."
"How I feel when I see the same gif posted over and over again  with worse quality each time."
"When I Learned That Someone In The Bible Belt Won The Mega Millions Lottery"
"Tracy morgan mashup"
"Ummm? Nice feet?"
"Always wanted to try this"
"How &quot;Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind&quot; should have ended ..."
"The Farrelly brothers made a Three Stooges movie! Featuring the cast of Jersey Shore!"
"Seriously  stay away."
"Can I has? Nein!"
"Check out this tattoo (NSFW)"
"&quot;Police officer pepper-spraying a kid.&quot;"
"That kid looks dangerous  subdue it!"
"Story of my life..."
"Table Flip (xpost from r/magictg)"
"Wait a minute..."
"WHITE POWER ranger."
"no title"
"Just a little gift to go with your cat"
"Guy gets face from a dog. (Possibly NSFW)"
"Concealed weapons..."
"Just going down some stairs..."
"Ridin' Dirty"
"Thats one lucky bird."
"Halloween costumes from the 1930's"
"Woah [xpost from woahdude]"
"WTF? No  Seriously...I'm Asking You  WTF?"
"I.. Uh. Okay. If this makes poopy time more fun  than... yay.. I guess?"
"selfbicyclekick"
"No Need to beat yourself up"
"Cats are retarded"
"Clever advertising"
"Professor Farnsworth on Logic"
"The best type of logic."
"The bat cat will see you now."
"You've seen that GIF of the video team 'getting into it'  now  I raise you... this!"
"Rollerblade prototype"
"The Heaviest Metal Known to Man"
"The Heaviest Metal Known to Man"
"They are looking into my soul... [gif]"
"Facebook never ceases to kill my faith in humanity"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"It's True"
"Indian Woman gives birth to 11 babies at once"
"always blaming the cat"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"Wikipedia"
"Reddit Security Vulnerability Proof of Concept"
"Every time someone tries to force me into something"
"Seal Photobomb"
"A bunch of Penguins."
"Firefighters (pic)"
"The redneck defibrillator"
"There it goes..."
"50 State Movie Map."
"I SWEAR TO GOD IF THIS IS REPOSTED ONE MORE TIME...."
"But I'm Baked..."
"It multiplies with water"
"The 80's."
"Insects can be beautiful too."
"I don't care  these little guys are still the cutest things from any video game."
"I never knew what to do with these little shits in Sonic Adventures."
"I'm replaying Sonic Adventure 2 on DC and spending WAY too much time trying to make these little guys happy"
"So this showed up in my newsfeed this morning..."
"Either Jezus or Chewbacca."
"I may have a problem for laughing way too hard at this"
"So my son wanted to have tea with a parrot....and this happened."
"How to piss off Reddit [FIXED]"
"Spongebob Uses Reddit!"
"witnessed ~5 year old smoking with his family"
"Outside cafe i saw this kid holding a lit cigarette and he is sitting with his parents. i try taking a inconspicuous photo but when he put the cigarette in his mouth i just held my camera up and snapped this photo. the dad turned around and grilled the bananas out of me for like 20 minutes"
"When FB makes you warm and fuzzy inside."
"Thanks Spiderman!"
"Spiderman To The Rescue"
"The power of photoshop in the Media (via Wikileaks)"
"Realistic Popeye Painting. Creepy as hell."
"Fallout: Obama Unicorn Edition"
"SMASHING! [GIF]"
"One of the best repost ever"
"Getting started early"
"Makes Sense?"
"The hand of god coming for my friend."
"Batman!"
"WTF Batman!"
"I have no words..."
"Kane vs Heath Slater"
"The White House since discovering Reddit"
"Googled &quot;most awesome pet&quot;. Did not disappoint."
"Hey Reddit  look at my wet weiner (SFW)"
"Forever alone"
"How I feel when people tell me there are many fish in the sea..."
"Best Michael Phelps .gif ever."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Straight up Gangsta"
"Nikon"
"Oh Dumbledore....."
"What the fuck did I just find in my bookmarks ?!"
"ICE SOAP BABY TO GO"
"Start the countdown 5...4...3...2..."
"clever  clever girl."
"Watching the world go by behind bars."
"Keanu on The Philosoraptor"
"what if?"
"After watching the walking dead for too long"
"Dear Leader.."
"The thought gives me chills"
"What if.."
"I'm hungry!"
"Nom"
"When your item gets stuck in the vending machine"
"The secret of Isla Pascua"
"Epic dog. It was his birthday."
"Never fails to make me giggle"
"I totally meant to do that"
"Don't Disrespect The Box Man"
"Nice shoes goose"
"Oh  Scruffy. You silly dog  you."
"I Must Dance!"
"Cash 4 Gold"
"Only on the El..."
"AH HA!"
"TVN News is bullshit. Girl scout cookie sales are on the rise."
"I've made a terrible mistake.."
"Worst thing to see when you're ready to fap."
"That feeling of helplessness..."
"I'll just drive fast."
"My favorite gaming comic  and also the reason I haven't replayed my old pokemon games"
"What a jerk."
"Whenever I see an ex whilst drunk..."
"Explanation for this?..."
"Earth was certainly in a good mood yesterday..."
"Bill and Hilary back in the day"
"Be careful how you use Facebook"
"[Spoiler] What we were really concerned about."
"COD logic"
"As an Arizonan who doesn't have to deal with Daylight Savings Time  Hurricanes  Earthquakes  Tornados etc."
"How are you supposed to wipe?"
"Seriously... How?"
"Go home  house. You're drunk."
"Today  a fuck was given. (this looks nothing like me)"
"He wasn't impressed..."
"I accidentally mentioned our sex life to my girlfriend's dad"
"Super Guy"
"The only asshole Canadian to ever live. [Fixed]"
"My friend's boat post-Sandy [FIXED]"
"Makes me cringe!"
"Ron Swanson without a mustache!"
"I have no choice but to share this"
"IDK Jeremy  sometimes I just feel ugly"
"Thanks Jeremy"
"Hardcore parkour"
"My wife sent this to me last night"
"I see: &quot;I'M GOING TO BE RICH&quot;. You see: &quot;GET A JOB&quot;"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Watch trailers they said. Play games they said. It will be fun they said."
"4000 Years of Medicine"
"The perfect mattress for snuggling"
"Evolution of Cat to Nyan Cat"
"What I feel like when I get put back into the same COD lobby I ragequit from."
"Pokemon: Traditional Japanese Art Style."
"I was going to say &quot;...I LOVE cats!&quot;"
"London's public transport comments on Apple's iOS6"
"For the benefit of iOS6 London tubers..."
"More iOS6 hate (stolen from facebook)"
"You know it!...[Fixed]"
"So...where is the waiter going?"
"Danger of extreme nasal hair? WTF are they doing?"
"Scumbag Co-worker"
"I want to punch him in the face so bad when he does this"
"What a dick move!"
"Every f*&amp;$ing time I go downstairs at the office he has already been there."
"This what's RIGHT with America"
"Emma Watson  marry me."
"If looks could kill."
"Now hanging in my kitchen"
"Socially Awkward Penguin Regret"
"This sums up almost every night for me"
"Tip of a butterfly tongue"
"Can we please be civil with this whole offensive picture issue?"
"Apple vs Samsung vs Nokia - A few days old but I still find it extremely funny!"
"Likewise to this cat  this was my reaction to discovering what 'cat breading' meant..."
"Does anyone else do &quot;The Tuck&quot;?"
"Hometree"
"So many lions"
"Fuck."
"Dafuq did I just read?"
"The faces of Diving"
"Some people...."
"My car is messed up...."
"My reaction when I walk into an empty public bathroom"
"When white people try to act like black guys"
"Mmmm... pancakes"
"swish"
"How I feel after browsing ELI5 for 3 hours straight..."
"dam universe you so pretty"
"space"
"How the dinosaurs died [INFOGRAPHIC]"
"Milk"
"Once."
"Well i guess they are probably right!"
"How I feel when my post doesn't get upvotes."
"Oh  you hate your job?"
"HIFW I get all the way to school to find out class was cancelled"
"DJing done right."
"Revenge."
"Slow and steady wins the fight."
"This dog ate bubble gum"
"Stealing food at my lunch table"
"Needless to say  I found the sandwich very salty."
"Finally a Nail Salon for Men"
"In honor of my cakeday  here's what I have for you reddit."
"What I saw up in the sky on the night of the Perseid Meteor Shower"
"What I have learned on Reddit"
"When the first votes are downvotes on a link i thought Reddit would enjoy"
"how a waterfall is made"
"Upvoting and downvoting a post."
"Kept misreading it"
"That's just the way it is."
"High Schoolers."
"True reason portal was made"
"My answer when girls complain about their relationships [GIF]"
"Reddit Cafe"
"this guy deserves medal"
"Whats on Reddit today? [FIXED]"
"Like a boss!"
"I made my son a fire truck birthday cake from scratch and it actually didn't turn out terrible."
"With my family members and multiple redditors getting lucky..."
"Cooking level: college student"
"LOL At His Reaction  Where Is This From?"
"My favorite Bill."
"Finally Link did it"
"Your Going to hell if you laugh."
"What does love feel like?"
"I'm glad the Soda Pop Board of America has always been so concerned about our children's future."
"jesus lasers"
"BTW bullfighting is dangerous."
"A Glorious Starmie~"
"Freshman year of college  my reaction when a woman says; &quot;I hope you have a condom&quot;."
"Ohhhhh shit!"
"Perfect..."
"First official set photo from Iron Man 3 (x-post from r/movies)"
"Appropriate sleeping bag for shark week"
"If the last two weeks of political convention speeches were Star Wars movies..."
"Call 1-600-DOCTORB! The &quot;B&quot; stands for &quot;Bargain&quot;!"
"How I feel as someone with poor impulse control during the Steam Summer Sale."
"Palestine [X-post from /r/pics]"
"Nothing about this is appropriate for ages 5+"
"So I got this card from a coworker when I left my company today."
"An epic amount of speed"
"&quot;today is the day&quot; yeah... i don't know either."
"To this day  I've no clue what this gif means"
"When the top comment is exactly what I hoped it would be."
"Showing up late and my boss/teacher has the day off."
"As a broke college student  any time I have to watch the cashier swipe my debit card..."
"Hands off  human!"
"At least I'm not the only one..."
"Let me show you the dance of my people..."
"This is great..."
"My new favorite term"
"Reddit  for my cakeday I present....this."
"Contracters heaven: Shanghai 1990 - 2010"
"In the shower this morning when I realized it was finally Friday..."
"Someone is having a terrible day.."
"Canadian football halftime (x/post from r/canada)"
"That's a safe assumption"
"Anytime I have to do a cool handshake with a black guy"
"This little kid is on the fast track to being a jackwagon."
"Redditor makes retarded status  takes picture for instant Karma."
"Learning early"
"'Murican Christmas"
"When I see a few people I know arguing about something I'm knowledgeable about."
"Mommy  why did Grampa go to jail?"
"Grocery store is doing it right."
"We're all fucked now."
"Ice crystals in the air creating pillars of light over Jackson  Wyoming"
"Bat Cat"
"My friend thought he had a good idea on the river."
"Hammock boat"
"There's a place in hell for people like this"
"All I could think of when this pic of a Reddit meetup popped up in a comment thread"
"Best. Dollar. Bill. Ever."
"Welp! Guess I'm off! It's time to go."
"Oh  look at the time."
"Every repost on reddit. Ever."
"Maybe Breaking the Rules Would Be A Good Idea"
"The mother of all books!"
"Just a little light reading . . ."
"So high right meow"
"What if Hitler and Lt. Worf kissed?"
"For those of you with a few free minutes who are wondering how a sewing machine works"
"Bruce Lee on Limits"
"tiny monkey"
"How I feel when I get paid before my friends"
"I give you the mona diesel"
"Come at me bro"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"First!"
"First..."
"wat"
"Human mode  engage."
"Sorry"
"What..."
"mmmmm tacos"
"For my cakeday  I present you 'one that always gets me'! I love this post"
"Don't fuck with tigers."
"A tiger... and an elephant..."
"i never though id feel sad for a fictional crab..."
"How the leaning tower of Pisa was really built"
"Alternate Citations Needed"
"Funny because it's true"
"very creative  I never would have thought to use tape."
"Does anyone know the story behind this animated pic I came across? (warning: police brutality)"
"Denied!"
"That awkward moment when you find out why most 10 char #'s in your database default to 2147483647......."
"Sweet!"
"How I feel leaving work on Fridays"
"Have to go deeper.."
"Is this a repost?"
"My cake-day face swap"
"Wolverine... Or Batman?"
"Fuck everything about this."
"This is what Jupiter would look like if it was in our sky"
"If Jupiter was the same distance away from Earth as the Moon is"
"How I feel upvoting something I thought about posting  but didn't."
"Kitty's fantastic abs"
"What're you looking at!?!?"
"Abercrombie &amp; Feline"
"This show needs to come back."
"An amazing cave in Alaska"
"They will never get along..."
"Stuck in the Rain."
"Just Zach being Zach"
"UK here - Thought I'd show off my collection. (Bit of a laugh  sorry!)"
"Permabanned."
"Searched for &quot;Late night redditor&quot; in Google Images...this is what I got."
"belly deep"
"What I imagine when people say &quot;Talkin' wet.&quot;"
"What a polite carton you are"
"the look of defeat"
"Ladies....."
"almost there ....untill car"
"PHYSICS."
"Friends  at last."
"this IS the best GIF of all time"
"My favorite gif ever. You laugh you lose"
"Why is this not a thing yet?"
"After seeing that there is no Olympic sport on the Google homepage today"
"I'm not sleeping tonight."
"PLEASE somebody tell me that this is fake"
"Making this now  most epic dessert I have attempted! [NSFM]"
"What I look like when trying to eat whilst stoned."
"OH SHHHIIIII... [GIF]"
"4chan at it's best"
"When my posts get negative Karma"
"Bought a beer aaanndd....."
"These things amaze me."
"The Bucket Wheel Excavator - the largest man-made machine ever built"
"The truth about the Captain America's shield"
"Meanwhile  DJs in Russia..."
"Wrong Turtle."
"Foot bath (slightly nsfw)"
"Seriously  wtf?"
"Milk and Nazis... the fuck?"
"A normal afternoon in Nazi Germany."
"Who would buy a modern version of this?"
"What's the temperature inside a ton-ton?"
"I think Apple will agree that this should be a thing"
"Women logic."
"London in 1949"
"London  1949"
"Looking back at finals now that they are over... (old gif  you've been warned)"
"Saw the original gif mashup  immediately thought this fit as the soundtrack"
"My friend  who is terrified of blood  recently became a father. He gave me this look when I asked him how the labour went..."
"What dogs everywhere are thinking about right now"
"Sarah Jessica Parker VS Horse"
"MFW I see my inbox orangered."
"I do a handful of meetings via Google hangout. Yesterday  instead of showing my face  I decided to use the screen capture function and use .gifs to demonstrate my reaction to the discussion. People stopped ignoring me at some point."
"Self: &quot;Seriously  how bad could r/spacedicks be?&quot;"
"When I walk into a bathroom stall right after someone..."
"In Philippines  this is how we make Jesus inside your heart."
"Piglet naptime!"
"&quot;Home Alone&quot;"
"Amazing cake"
"Takes being slapped to a whole new level"
"B**** Slapped"
"Try this one on for size."
"Beard Slap"
"Snuggles"
"Mother Cat Snuggles Kitten"
"Was looking for the Morpheus Meme in Google Images when this showed up:"
"My brand!"
"My brand! [x-post from r/funny]"
"Dammit Stella!"
"Sad cat"
"Perfect timing"
"Alien vs predator"
"How I feel when posting a genuinely funny post  then realising that it has a spelling error..."
"Cat massage."
"Coolest woodpile ..."
"We're so small"
"When your phone rings on the toilet."
"Serious Milk"
"When a bidding war occurs on my eBay auctions ..."
"MFW i use the coinstar at kroger"
"Careful. You'll get Nye in your Eye."
"Well  well  well..."
"I may have permanently lost my apetite..."
"Lunch is served..."
"Angry girlfriend"
"Fuck this  I'm tired of this shit. [gif]"
"Hang on  ill send you a photo of my newborn baby"
"Nothing to see here...literally"
"How I defeat all of my enemies"
"Whenever I go on Facebook and see memes."
"Introduced someone to Reddit today  asked me if he'll get addicted..."
"Cubed fruit."
"Wolf howling in the cold"
"Wrongful revenge"
"Forever alone mattress"
"YES YES YES YES"
"Room service ... ohh Maybe some other time"
"Room Service (maybe NSFW)"
"People on /r/shittybattlestations told me that this one belongs here..."
"Did You Know?"
"Another day at the office"
"Best words move ever?"
"And I thought I was good at Words With Friends..."
"Someone pass me a flamethrower"
"Ron Swanson  thanks for making Monday easier"
"Decode your teen's TXT lingo! (x-post by Alexm920)"
"Decoding text lingo!"
"1. Cut a hole in the box"
"Hipsturrrr"
"Baby Red Panda shadow boxing"
"Spider Woman Porn"
"VIP in Russia"
"God mode off"
"Just need to run in and grab... Oh Shit."
"Sexy."
"Job Post says Entry Level position  yet Job Description says 2-3 years minimum experience"
"Every time I return from the grocery store..."
"Story of my life."
"Highway sign during windstorm"
"Danish Police just posted this on Facebook"
"Danish Police - Imgur"
"The Danish police posted this on their facebook /r/skateboarding"
"Picnic."
"They'll never know..."
"You make me touch your hands"
"Stay Cool"
"Dont Be a Pussy"
"Meanwhile in Mecca  Saudi Arabia"
"the top thing I look for when picking out a new cat"
"&quot;Honey  someone's at the door. Can you get it?&quot;"
"Unique"
"You Just Went Full Retard (x-post from r/ForeverAlone)"
"How 4chan sees Reddit's use of rage comics"
"Le (NSFW)"
"Look what I made today"
"For those days when you have more than enough to give."
"How I imagine socially awkward penguin to socially awesome penguin transitions."
"Still a better skater than I am.."
"Coca-Cola Christmas"
"Ice Cube: Then and Now."
"Muzzle flash from a tank's 120 mm gun"
"Heterochromia"
"Just dropping in"
"Sudden Danger"
"Lacoste shirt: seems legit."
"I wasn't talking to you"
"The best way to bake a chicken."
"dat contrast"
"derp x disabled"
"Redditor discovers ancient race of living forks. Instead of revealing his discovery to the world  he proceeds to enslave them and FORCE them to pose for hours in order to get that biologically metallurgic Karma."
"Realizing I've been on Reddit for two hours instead of writing my paper"
"I see your &quot;feeding a tiger&quot; pic and raise you &quot;Father  son  and family elephant&quot;"
"Not much love on pics  thought I'd try it on you guys."
"Push it real good"
"Think we can all agree with this.."
"Just some ants drinking water"
"The circle is completed and a new redditor is born. [FB]"
"Bird Eat Bird"
"For Christmas  my family is going to get annual passes to Disney World. This was my reaction when my mom told me."
"A normal day in the bus."
"Just hipster hitler in a red dress peeling potatoes."
"I can agree on the unuasable stock images."
"Fiery jump (xpost from pics)"
"Bike Jumping While Someone Spits Fire On You Looks Really Fun [1600x1067]"
"I dunno  I think my favorite cycling photo is pretty great."
"Hot Mountain Biker"
"101 Reasons to be abstinent - Reddit is one of them (complete list inside)"
"They sure are bouncy"
"Nicolas Cage as every character in all the Star Wars films. Yes  even Chewie."
"That's no fire pit!"
"Photo assistant becomes luckiest guy in the world during Katy Perry shoot."
"salute this artist"
"Aw  the answer is clear now."
"Cat James"
"It's the end of the world as we know it!"
"Well I laughed like an idiot for a full minute."
"A kid and his super cute friend  a hedgehog!"
"When you're in a bathroom at a mall alone..."
"How I feel today towards the rest of the world."
"Saw this on r/spaceporn. It was too cool not to share. [3]"
"First time celebrating my cake day(missed last year) I present one of my other favorite pictures...Not sure who did this pic  but its fucking awesome."
"How I treat every post about Curiosity and Mars today..."
"Reddit  on any post about Obama since the AMA"
"U. NO U. OH U."
"Bane is Running in the 90's"
"It's my Reddit Birthday. I don't have kids  cats  cancer  or grandparents. Here's a repost of a smoking hot lip biter though!"
"I'm gonna have a hard time eating soft-serve now..."
"Jack and Sally"
"Blue Ice Cave in Antarctica"
"When some karma thief takes your rising post and copy pastas it and hits the front page..."
"When I see a character I know in a new game"
"Whenever Word corrects my spelling mistakes for me..."
"I'll never look at him the same way again..."
"I don't have a good title. This thought came from a... I think I'm a [7]."
"Tetris [1920x1080]"
"Wonder what the women use?"
"Fashion  you say?"
"back flip ............"
"Instant hypnosis"
"The most powerful fighter i've ever seen!"
"The Dumbest Thing I've Ever Seen. Bar None."
"Recommended by &quot;pseudo-athletes&quot;... oh  It MUST be good then..."
"My friend said he's applying at H.E.B. today. I asked why..."
"&quot;secure a frightened child&quot;"
"Hip hop"
"Never Give a Germ a Break!"
"This is getting ridiculous"
"Pumpkin'll Fix It..."
"NANANANANA"
"Attack!"
"I don't even know..."
"I don't even know..."
"Some man claimed he was the guy in this picture that had previously accumulated 3000+ however the picture is actually of me before a costume party and yes I love my dog"
"Military Fail"
"What Redditors do to my posts within the first 10 minutes"
"Solar Flare Up Close"
"Religion summed up in one card"
"I will be wary  thank you chrome"
"oh mickey..."
"Wow  Mickey... I never knew!"
"Someone at Disney is laughing their ass off"
"2011"
"Anybody remember this game?"
"When everything goes wrong."
"Trying to reach the front page"
"Just Remember"
"How I feel now that my girlfriend and I are both redditors..."
"How I Feel as a Grown Up on the Carousel"
"&quot;I'm not Linda&quot;"
"Oh that's nice  children playi- WHAT THE FUCK?!"
"It may only be 9am but..."
"The cutest two smiles ever!"
"Apple's production team meeting in a nutshell."
"Back to School in Scotland..."
"My 10y/o brothers face when I explained that youtube doesn't show nudity so that's why he couldn't find &quot;boobies&quot;"
"Neil Tyson on the stars"
"choose wisely (ex post from /r/funny)"
"That's a lot of tossed salad!"
"Croco-boat"
"Come at me bro"
"My true hero! Wtf? Maybe NSFW"
"Sun  water  wave  surf. Oh and a rainbow. This gorgeous photograph by Zak Noyle was the winner of Surfer Magazine’s ‘photo of the year’ and it’s easy to see why."
"Appropriate reaction"
"A kid's WTF moment."
"If Battleship was a Hollywood movie  Twister will be a porno. [SFW]"
"ALL THESE YEARS THEY HAVE BEEN TELLING ME LIES!!!!!!"
"My face at the end of Breaking Bad season 3"
"SO DRAMATIC (X Post from /r/funny)"
"If you do this  fuck you"
"Nutella  I love you."
"Flowchart of my life."
"Reddit first post  before &amp; after."
"God bless you dad!"
"What to do?"
"It's a Mays Maze of Maize!"
"Incredible rooftop test track in Turin  Italy."
"Emma Watson...wait  WHAT?!"
"Something's not quite right here... (x-post from r/pics)"
"The south is slowly turning me against religion because of people looked this... (X-post from r/WTF)"
"Principles (I hope this is not a repost)"
"How I feel today"
"chicago hot dog"
"Bitches love the saxophone."
"The Definition is this."
"Sax kid"
"Doop!! (Not sure if this should be here or GifSound)"
"Enough."
"One of my favourite gifs of all time (this week at least)"
"Poop trap"
"We'd rather not  Val..."
"Om nom nom nom nom... NOPE."
"Corgi farts"
"Your move  captcha..."
"Your move  captcha..."
"My reaction when browsing r/IMGOINGTOHELLFORTHIS"
"Yo man my bad..."
"This is my boyfriend and I's relationship  now that he turned me on to Reddit"
"Ear Flapping Puppy."
"gtfo bear"
"How I felt after learning potential new GF is a fellow redditor"
"How I imagine people browsing r/aww"
"Reading the 5 year old child's AMA"
"Jesus died for our synths"
"Mother earth is watching"
"My reaction when someone tells a bad joke"
"The Healing Powers of Alcohol"
"Very Wise Words  Indeed (X-Post from r/Fallout)"
"The original (and favorite) D-bag to use swag"
"uhm...im a bit confused."
"I made a gif of Andre the Giant issuing a fatal Downvote. Enjoy."
"Ay Girl!"
"As if solving a Rubik's cube wasn't enough.."
"Just some Rubiks Cubes.."
"This was the name of my buddy's cab driver from the other night..."
"This picture is NOT graphically altered  It is 100% natural."
"Why I Hate Posting to Reddit"
"Deal wi-arghhh (X-post from /r/funny)"
"My grandpa."
"Pup is Pooped"
"Straight to the bed"
"Pillow Used Collapse! It's Super Effective!"
"Suddenly pillow."
"The gamer"
"Metal bands per capita [statistics]"
"New bioshock character"
"Dramatic Mouse"
"consider that.."
"Before your judge others  or claim any absolute truth..."
"This is so cute..."
"&quot;It's a ghost&quot;"
"so.much.room."
"Never underestimate the little guys"
"A cat that loves classical music as much as I do"
"Kid &amp; Play [gif]"
"Kid &amp; Play [gif]"
"Just ordered this print for my living room"
"WOAH-OH-OH-AH-AH-AH-AAAA-HA-AH-AH-AH"
"Nets might make the Playoffs?"
"Me  except when I go to Best Buy."
"whenever I am shopping for electronics."
"It's a valid arguement."
"Women and cats."
"I will never understand it"
"Watermelon drums"
"Mmmmmmmmm (NSFW)"
"Looks like we know who the badass in our English class is...."
"Gamestop found a clever work around to mail clients blocking pictures."
"Probably a re-post  but still funny"
"That awkward moment when you wonder if the pay is really worth being on this side"
"Two workers fixing the Empire State Buildings Antenna."
"Redditor replaces important directional signs with uselessly vague ones but forgets how to get back to his car without the signs. On the verge of death he finds a signal for his iphone but rather than calling the local police  he uploads the picture onto reddit and dies. All for that succulent karma"
"Which path do I go George?"
"I googled searched &quot;wild rock shrimp&quot; from a previous post. This is what came up..."
"Someone please explain WTF is going on?!"
"I screamed WTF when i saw this..."
"a must for all workmen"
"I heard u reddit guys like unicorns"
"Hello."
"Happy Mother's Day! Wut?"
"Mother of the year"
"Thought this might belong here (xpost r/funny)"
"Rasta Elevator"
"I stumbled upon a Romney/Obama fight between friends on Facebook"
"Don't hate me.."
"Deadly Beasts"
"I can't handle the aww"
"Mt Roraima  Venezuela (pic)"
"Where is this? Any information?"
"Oh God!!! Run!!!"
"Sticky Notes VS. Cats"
"For my Cake Day  here's my cat gifs collection."
"Unfortunately  4chan gets it right"
"Makes me laugh everytime"
"How I feel on a day like today"
"wtf is happening here?"
"Boys only"
"You know how they say pets look look like their owners. . ."
"It’s a hard life"
"Karma Whore First World Problem"
"Every High School essay I ever wrote.."
"Surprise!!!"
"This loop is blowing my mind."
"Why hasn't this photo been Photoshopped into 1 000 hilarious things already?"
"Tired of albino animals and bored of melanistic lions? heres a half albino peacock."
"If FOX news existed throughout history"
"So  I finally watched the Avengers last night  and..."
"Every time I try to post something on reddit for that sweet karma [x-post from /r/thewalkingdead]"
"Something does seem a little off."
"The panda that will dance to any song you play  regardless of tempo."
"Panda knows how to swing"
"When I'm on my way home and my phone's battery is at 1%"
"Baby and grown hedgehog. Cuteness overload"
"Seahorse giving birth"
"Check to Verizon: &quot;What now  bitches?&quot;"
"Check to Verizon: &quot;What now  bitches?&quot;"
"Oh  not much  just shaving carrots"
"What I Guess Happens on Ones Cake Day."
"Time spent in the shower"
"K.O."
"Now you can hate this world even more"
"Happy (and fresh) Star Wars"
"Hey Obi-Wan! What day is it?"
"Taste the Rainbow Mother Fucker!"
"Taste the Rainbow Mother Fucker!"
"Why I skip all posts with posts titled  &quot;My favorite '_____'&quot;"
"My reaction to a fight that is starting in my school cafe..."
"come on bro..."
"Grand Canyon lightning time exposure"
"Occupy Calvin &amp; Hobbes"
"Don't remember this scene...?"
"Do the Hyneman!"
"How I feel having survived a week of no fap September"
"Quicksand"
"thats the spot!"
"Louis CK on masturbation"
"Take your guess at how many redditors he can fit in his belly! I vote 5."
"Meanwhile in Zimbabwe"
"When I first started trying to pick up women at clubs... Their response..."
"Good and good for you."
"Butter  eat as much as you can"
"No need for the fire department here. He's got this."
"Mitt Chimpney: It's not racist if you do it to a white man."
"My take on the Chik-Fil-A situation."
"When someone tell you to hurry up while in the shower...."
"I wonder what's on his mind?"
"How I feel finally getting air conditioning"
"Dirty Little Bugger"
"Ummmm.. right"
"When i submit a post and the first comment is about a spelling error."
"I guess she didn't get the award"
"Engage!"
"You want the kraken. Why not....."
"Frozen dinners"
"Oh the party was LAST night?! I'll be there."
"Especially when I am trying to sleep in the morning"
"Someone asked me to help pay for dinner last night."
"Yoga Pose #upwardfacingdog"
"Picture proves cell phone was invented in the first World War by the Germans"
"Three New Messages"
"This has significantly improved the relationship between my girlfriend and I"
"how I feel being the only one who cleans in my house."
"MINE!!!!"
"Nunchaku Ping Pong"
"A marble being held in front of a map. (X-post from r/trees)"
"I like this eatery"
"Hi! My name is--"
"When someone next to me says YOLO"
"Twelfth plane of torment"
"Three Brazilian Soldiers"
"More turtle cuteness"
"Diaper Change. 1:0"
"Realizing someone made the exact same comment you did immediately after posting it"
"Again Japan...."
"I used that pic to summarize /b/ on 4chan for a while. I use it to summarize /r/wtf/ now. NSFW"
"When I'm on my period"
"Lost world: Mount Roraima  South America. 31 km2 area defended by 400-metre-tall cliffs on all sides"
"Damn stupid penguins!"
"This is why Obama is the best president of our time"
"McKayla and Obama are not impressed."
"Unimpressed America"
"Here By the Sea and Sand"
"I think she made a friend"
"Kitty sense tingling"
"United Steak of America"
"The perfect redditor..."
"Andy Samberg covered in pussy. [SFW]"
"The nerve ..."
"Oh Fuck"
"Give me all your marbles!"
"God of the Internet [FIXED] [OC]"
"Impossible!"
"Can I call a white a friend?"
"Unstoppable."
"My post-fap look of shame when I closed incognito."
"White girl problems."
"I has a swim."
"Bath Time"
"Boats"
"I guess it had to happen"
"Happy cat of Creepy cat?"
"Obligatory cake day post."
"Teach Dem Zoo Animals"
"The loving story behind a child molester and his teddy bear."
"Rated-G for all ages"
"Who's worse than Pedobear?"
"Oh hi."
"The world seen from Norway"
"Uh oh....."
"Every time I see a imgur post of an animated GIF on reddit."
"Charlie makes music happen"
"We all have different fetishes I suppose"
"Yes  this is dog."
"Suck  my movies do."
"Inferno through the eyes of a Demon Hunter"
"Incredible Photograph Captures Exact Moment of Tank Shell Hitting Against Syrian Rebels"
"Bad Barney"
"Aurora seen from space (gif)"
"Mr. Miyagi never looked so happy. RIP"
"Escalators! How Do They Work?"
"I laughed  I'm going to hell..."
"The evolution of video game controllers"
"Lil guy just couldn't make it"
"Whenever I try to play sports with my sporty friends"
"Yes  how very successful... clearly."
"Public transportation at its best"
"Looking for a smackeral of honey"
"google search for tongue rings  this showed up... the fuck??"
"It's a bird! It's a plane! It's suuuperrr...OH MY GOD!"
"Cannon [x-post from /r/WTF]"
"Kill it!"
"don't...turn...around..."
"two of america's most hated put together"
"I sure hope he does too..."
"Imitation is the most sincere form of flattery"
"Keep it."
"Buddy  idk where you came from..."
"Home Depot bathroom sign...uh no thanks  I'm a big boy"
"Well...no wait what?"
"There is no god."
"Garfield..."
"Ultimate Fictional Characters Fighting"
"What a cute dog"
"thaitanic"
"Ready to set sail captain"
"Recalling my first &quot;make out&quot; with a girl"
"My vote for most terrifying childhood gaming memory [Fixed]"
"What newer computers are missing [FIXED]"
"DOWN BOY!"
"Determined?!?"
"Oh YouTube.."
"They're just like us! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Stars. They use baskets!"
"Leader of the master lace  the knotsies"
"Leader of the master lace  the knotsies"
"How to brush your teeth like a man!"
"Found this online i think he had to shave after this!!!"
"Jump Doggy"
"Toilet spiders."
"Mother of God..."
"The rapiest album cover ever"
"My new lockscreen.."
"Whoops!"
"Day and Night in New York City"
"The truth"
"Remains of the first politician"
"Felt this went a little better"
"how i felt after i heard that justin beiber called himself the kurt kobain of this generation"
"This is the reason Venn diagrams came to be."
"Heeeeyyy reddiiiiiit"
"I've been with this girl for some time but I can't figure out which one she is  duck or rabbit (x-post from r/WTF)."
"Well shit…"
"Most redditors"
"Probability mindfuck"
"So  remind me: why wasn't this more popular?"
"I need one of these..."
"A great idea to help children who were wounded in the 20/7/2012 Aurora shootings."
"Don't know if this has been posted yet  so sorry if it has  but I completely agree with this!"
"Found this awsone status today"
"Found this in a rage thread. Fuck."
"She sounds like a pain in the ass."
"Weezy + Biebs = The Nastiest Thing I've Ever Seen"
"It's Friday  motherfuckers!"
"My Friday Dance"
"The Original YOLO"
"Batman's Day Off"
"Pick me!"
"Finally  a Wii Sports I actually want to play."
"New ways to get pregnant"
"I think this qualifies...."
"*Boop*"
"*Boop*"
"Dog plays catch."
"Crabzilla [fixed]"
"Japanese spider crab. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE."
"Who knew Stalin was such a hipster?"
"Squirrels"
"The Evolution of Humans"
"Evolution of man"
"Didn't have much for my Cake Day  so here's a pic of a dog sleeping with his tongue out [GIF]"
"When Someone Wakes Me Up"
"When Someone Wakes Me Up"
"not mine  but cute nonetheless"
"That made everything alot clearer"
"SOON"
"My kittens formed a yin and yang heart"
"reminded me of Madagascar III"
":O"
"I think this is the plot to V for Vendetta"
"That explains it"
"&quot;Girlfriend&quot;"
"In Capitalist America...."
"&quot;Turtle&quot; Burgers?!"
"Turtle Burgers - Saw this on FB.... Suddenly I am starving."
"DO WANT!!"
"Lol... wait what???"
"When my girlfriend asks me what i'm thinking about"
"So Would This Be a Bicorn?"
"A Nice View of Chicago [1024x698]"
"The Chicago mission"
"A bunch of LPT"
"Still my favorite picture on the interwebs"
"a man walks into a bar with a gun..."
"Thought you'd get gold didn't you? (x-post from r/PerfectTiming)"
"No gold for you!"
"So sleepy!"
"Denis Leary on racism"
"The day that I lost control."
"Don't work out around fat cats"
"Udderly ridiculous"
"Mmmm...Bacon."
"I HAZ A BUCKET (and a cakeday!)"
"he accidentally the whole thing"
"...Sometimes on this subreddit..."
"MERICA"
"Guitar Hero: Lybia"
"Valentine's Day hate marketing."
"Zing!"
"Avengers Gangnam Style"
"69"
"You do it too  don't lie"
"The moment when you thought you shit yourself  but then realize you didn't"
"What a dilemma ... I do not know who to kill"
"Something that Batman failed to realize"
"I can fly!"
"Fuck this  I'm outta here"
"Fuck this  I'm outta here"
"RIGHT IN THE CHILDHOOD"
"Love this face. The guy who plays Mr. Bean is a genius."
"Almost there..."
"How NOT to impress the girls at school..."
"The Moon Bridge In Taipei"
"At least its safe and consensual  right?"
"It's Called Mindset (xpost from r/seduction)"
"Oh  Hai"
"Free box anyone?"
"Toilet only for- uh what?"
"I guess I didn't need to piss that bad."
"Beyond the call of duty"
"first world problems in a third world country"
"Now THAT'S some IRL karma"
"The Empire Strikes Cat (gif)"
"Basically how trying to be productive has been going during break."
"Whenever I try to downvote something on the front page already."
"This little guy is awesome"
"Even at 23 years old I can never reach this level of gangsta!"
"i was browsing old pics on imgur and found this gem"
"First world problem"
"Wallet problems"
"Karma First World Problem"
"Don't we all know it...."
"My brother just said this."
"Parkouch"
"What a fucking rip-off..."
"Those eyes."
"Not an animal but still cute"
"How I look explaining anything computer wise to my grandma."
"You mean Philanthropist  Charlie..."
"Oh Charlie..."
"oh  hi!"
"My Friends tricked me into visiting r/SpaceDicks"
"Modern Art"
"Sleeping Cat!"
"Court dismissed"
"Jesus on Sinning"
"When You See It..."
"Evolution of the Batman Logo"
"What it's like trying to watch a show when you have kids"
"The internet"
"Its useless..."
"Scumbag Muslim"
"Peace"
"Awkward Parents"
"Jeepers creepers!"
"Lightning storm in Austin  TX on Sunday  May 6"
"Listening to NPR this morning..."
"CatPong"
"Its a bird! Its a plane! Its...what the flying fuck?"
"How to make a simple door"
"So many questions left unanswered..."
"Why I Hate Commuting On A Bicycle"
"My favourite movie explosion."
"Don't you hate when this happens?"
"Must be a Michael Bay film."
"nailed it..."
"In her face"
"Solid advice from an old cigarette ad."
"Pretty much the only reason I smoke"
"Can't wait for this superhero movie"
"The obvious Gordon Freeman pick"
"The Three States of Matter"
"Birth of a karma machine"
"Currency acquired  now what?"
"How I poop while playing games on my phone."
"How I Poop When I'm Feeling Antsy"
"When you just need something to cheer you up...."
"Jesus vs Batman"
"So  you are a Christian? No problem  here's a handy flow-chart helping you make sense of what the Bible says about sex..."
"Awe &lt;3"
"Hello bunny !"
"The most expensive scene in silent movie history"
"...going off the rails on a crazy train."
"Fitness Plan"
"An important announcement. This election day remember to..."
"Largest carpet of flowers in the world. Brussels  Belgium"
"dafuq??"
"Really?"
"Portable cassette players  because iPods are too main stream."
"When ever Tyler Perry says anything."
"Shit is about to go DOWN!"
"Nice one Jerry"
"Oh Shit!"
"Just once."
"Bacon Rock!"
"The Bacon Rock"
"Every time I check my news feed"
"When thirteen year olds say they love eachother on facebook"
"Very true Mr Paine  I doth thy cap to you!"
"Yeah  I can accept that."
"That's how it actually works."
"What's the difference?"
"Wut"
"When people tell me to chew with my mouth closed"
"Like a Glllllllllove"
"Albino Peacock"
"Ninja driving skills"
"Have you ever googled reddit? I never had  but now that I have  I'm sort of ashamed for us."
"Little Porker"
"I Had a Dream"
"I don't have a title but thought reddit would enjoy"
"Well..."
"When I fail an exam I didn't revise for"
"Wisteria"
"Flower Tunnel"
"Oh Yeah!"
"Happy Father's Day!"
"Interesting and descriptive title"
"How it feels trying to escape Reddit"
"79% of people don't know the opposite words to the following:"
"How I feel finishing my exams and having 3 months of summer"
"OMG it's Friday!"
"Backbreaking Workout"
"Yes  Yes I did"
"Lemme break it down for you"
"Oh the internet!"
"Take all my money!"
"Sup shorty."
"Mars Curiosity found penis shaped rock on mars [APOD]"
"When was the last time you were this happy? [Gif]"
"Is it just me or does Ethan Hawk look exactly like Freemon from HL"
"Dammit Frank"
"Comparison of celestial objects (GIF)  How big do your problems feel now?"
"If you see someone drowning..."
"Yesterday I ordered a 'Bloody Best' bloody mary. This is what they served me."
"a beer"
"So that's how it works"
"The looks on the girls faces are priceless"
"Crosspost from r/mensrights  a police report is filed because someone  a white suspect  asked a black victim  &quot;Don't i know you?&quot;"
"My little pony (?!)"
"'Merica"
"Sharks are the least of your worries"
"Es tiempo de Morping!!"
"Oh Chicken Strip..."
"Camera shutter synced with helicopter blades"
"Dance Moves [pic]"
"Dance Moves"
"How is this sealed around the neck? It's a functional head-in-fishbowl costume. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Meth is a hell of a drug."
"There were a lot of hipsters at the concert I went to last night"
"I no longer feel alone"
"Just a music school in China."
"If reddit was a movie.."
"I've made a huge mistake."
"It's amazing that an amateur made this. Such good quality!"
"The Biblical Definition Of Marriage"
"When it's OK to say FFFFFUUUUUUUU"
"For my cake day  I submit this comic"
"Cyanide and Happiness"
"Mustache ride anybody?"
"Omm Nomm Nomm Nomm"
"Haters gonna hate."
"For my cake day I give you this."
"So I was looking at one of the games my 11 year old sister plays on our iPad. WTF has our world come to."
"Most WTF headline ever. As seen in today's Evening Standard."
"Where did his hair go?"
"&quot;With his exceptional hearing a red fox has targeted a mouse hidden under 2 feet of crusted snow &quot; writes photographer Micheal Eastman. &quot;Springing high in the air he breaks through the crusted spring snow with his nose and his body is completely vertical as he grabs the mouse under the snow.&quot;"
"Now you can tell by the way I do my walk I'm a Womans man  no time to talk."
"How my date with a Texan girl went yesterday"
"My reaction when I saw how much my textbooks cost"
"A day in the life of Pete  the dog"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Guys she's made the jump"
"Grandma has it all RIGHT!"
"Are we really that stupid?"
"Cassowary and Girl. [nsfw]"
"Nightclub photos..."
"Pretty fly for a white guy"
"Transparent"
"WEEEEEE [GIF]"
"This guy was THE most scariest part of eveyones childhood who played OoT."
"A bit of ink in water"
"Beautiful Emma Watson"
"I'm not even sure what to call this...(xpost from r/gifs)"
"Truly best friend!"
"Cat fight"
"Welcome to Reddit"
"TV Characters in cartoon form. Can you name them all?"
"A great quote from Susan B. Anthony"
"Armstrong used what?"
"Finding out that Bayonetta 2 is exclusive to the WiiU"
"Chilling out on the tube.. like a boss."
"Basically just advertising iwdrm.tumblr.com"
"We all foresaw this.."
"Snooki's baby. Official pictures."
"Where is this from?"
"&quot;this is going to be hilarious omg&quot;"
"Praise for Tina Fey"
"Someone on Facebook posted this..."
"&quot;Yay! The sun is finally out! I love summer!&quot;"
"Good morning Reddit."
"A poor old man .....oh wait."
"Saw this on my news feed. I just had too.."
"He's pretty good"
"Political affiliations aside  you have to admit this is fairly dead on."
"Not completely accurate  but worth a good chuckle"
"If you think you are tough look at this."
"FDR highway now a river"
"FDR highway in east NYC now a river"
"Complete opposites  same conclusion."
"I need to know what the record is for..."
"Hippo 1: Dwarf 0"
"Count Kermit"
"My 17 month old son had my phone (It's like ordering pizza  right?)"
"Siri doesn't have much of a sense of humor"
"Awesome 3D pacman street art"
"How I feel walking in a cross walk when a cop pulls up..."
"now he needs to learn how to play poker."
"it's a trap?"
"Pls  I said no cameras."
"My bad... Bitch"
"Well Deserved - One of My Favorite gifs"
"Immediate Payback"
"So exciting!"
"Free advice from the Internet"
"Cupcake puppies?"
"cooking at it's best"
"Best Wi-Fi name!"
"Pump up the jam!"
"My world  my bitches!"
"Tanning naked (SFW)"
"Smashing"
"Put on your SMASHING face"
"Googled vagina  got this."
"Turkey vagina [semi NSFW]"
"Skullethyst"
"Behold  the most meaningless means of transportation"
"Fire Tornado in Australia"
"never gets old"
"Tickle tickle"
"DOOMBA 2.0"
"Hangover 3"
"Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (x-post from r/funny)"
"Besides  my mom already sends me lots."
"Which face should I do next?"
"what if she got pregnant?"
"How to lose business fast [Fixed]"
"Fucking Lag."
"And we will never stop hearing about it."
"He still has a lot to do up there..."
"OMG! This branch is awesome!"
"I think they are onto something here."
"His only weakness!!"
"Batman Jesus"
"Just bought this game on eBay and I could really use one of these right about now."
"happy black history month!!"
"Can I interest you in a cupful of ferret?"
"He followed us home! Can we keep him mommy?"
"Thor's sister."
"Donald Duck's pimp hand is strong"
"How I check up girls."
"I don't know how to accurately capture this picture."
"Hillbilly Llama"
"Kittens love puppies! (NSFW)"
"When i see my ex pregnant with her new Boyfriend of 3 months."
"Orangutans"
"Bringing r/wtf back to its roots"
"How I feel when my posts are successful"
"Someone showing me something on the internet after being a redditor"
"Going to hell for laughing at this. I'll bring some of you with me."
"Forever alone"
"I think my cat doesn't like my boyfriend"
"Damn cool"
"Exorciiiise"
"When someone shows me their tumblrs.."
"I'm struggling with this .. People of Reddit  do you find this hot or disgusting?"
"God  I love volleyball..."
"Welcome to wonderland"
"That grin"
"Here's what Chalk looks like under a microscope."
"Astronaut's Thoughts"
"Perspective."
"Baby Pygmy Hippo"
"Cute baby hippo"
"Draw something you like very much"
"Draw something you like very much"
"fuck that shit [&gt;2mb gif]"
"Panda"
"This was almost me  until I saw that beautiful cake this morning"
"Bad luck Brian does it again"
"When You Survive A Flashbang"
"This show gave me courage as a kid"
"Yep. I know that feeling well."
"First day of differential equations  took five pages of notes."
"My stopwatch"
"So I Found Out Why My Battery Was Dying Fast."
"When I realize I thought it was Thursday  but it's actually Friday."
"Photobomb Level: Dogballs"
"Mosh Pit Training Center."
"Never Forget: The OG Douchy IT Guy"
"Tear open and take in that smell; then look at them."
"Try it at least once"
"What every house should have (x post from funny)"
"Was told to post this here."
"My reaction to the constant circlejerk about chris brown"
"It's my cake day."
"How i feel as a non american about these posts about the presidential debate"
"Getting tired of costume posts. Here's my tribute to Halloween. [FIXED]"
"Worst snack related feeling in the world."
"I know who deserves my worship..."
"There was ice in the bottom to give it weight. Gotta love roommates."
"MILK!"
"Religion is like a penis"
"Swanson's Turf 'n Turf"
"What happened to you?"
"I made a mistake in my computer class and had to restart it."
"Every time I'm on the phone with Verizon tech support"
"Seems legit..."
"Make me a sandwich? Bun in the Oven? I don't know what to say..."
"'Whatcha doing?'"
"bunnies"
"SAP me under the pressure of making a good cake day submission"
"That's actually a good solution  Mr Sheen."
"This is the proper way to play Skyrim"
"oh Michael..."
"Better go with the Family Plan. xpost r/funny"
"Presidential Pie"
"I just won an eBay auction by two seconds and this is how I feel."
"This guy just made the front page."
"How I feel when I've won an argument"
"My reaction when I beat a Korean at StarCraft."
"What I want to do every time some one says this to me"
"Your mission   should you choose to accept it"
"F*ck That!!"
"Anything related to the NFL"
"This is the only search result for &quot;camel spider&quot; that you will like  guaranteed. (Also a warning)"
"So Many Questions."
"Meanwhile  on Sesame Street..."
"2AM chili"
"I have no idea what this is or where it's from  but I've been staring at it for far too long"
"Snoop and Clint."
"Permission to come aboard!"
"Permission to come aboard!"
"Charming"
"There goes my 1% plug"
"Before the iPod  I thought these were the future."
"cut a hole in a box"
"Who did it?!!"
"PTDF00"
"how i feel about children."
"Music Stars: Now vs. Then"
"fifty shades of grey (FIXED)"
"hey reddit  if spiders looked like this would you be more merciful?"
"There IS a cat in this picture. Can you see it?"
"My favorite photobomb  ever!"
"Wow. Just... wow."
"When Bob Ross adds something new to the painting"
"The Shawshank Omelette"
"After no-fap september"
"Flying Alligator Attacks Baby IN 3D"
"I got my hair did"
"That time when you stretch and your bones go pop pop pop pop and everyone stares at you like this"
"When my friend critisizes our teacher in class."
"WANT WANT WANT!"
"http://imgur.com/7VOph"
"I know these have become commonplace  but she's 22."
"A ship's cannon..."
"Tron + Toy Story = I want this as a Poster in my Office! {source: Wallbase}"
"Tronlightyear!"
"How I learned to use my parents stereo."
"Social Networks"
"what REALLY happens..."
"Too cute to explained in simple words"
"It's always phunny in silladelphia. (x-post from /r/IASIP)"
"Speed is not what that kills."
"Someone explain me this"
"Florida pizza guy picking up the president. The guys face in the back right is rather derpy."
"Ornithologists: What kind of bird is this?"
"I choose you"
"The Library"
"Yes  I absolutely agree."
"Sea water flooding the Ground Zero construction site"
"Sea water flooding Ground Zero  New York - shocking picture (source: AP)"
"Now is the winter..."
"Now is the winter of our discontent [FIXED]"
"Dog With An Attitude"
"Ain't nuthin but a g' thang  baby."
"My thoughts on how Assange might get to ecuador."
"Welcome to the English language."
"Welcome to the English language"
"Messes with my mind"
"Are you serious"
"Shouldn't have done that last shot"
"Down for the count..."
"After a night of drinking"
"Friend just sent this to me  I don't know what to say."
"Casually Eating Her Cheese"
"Did we really need to zoom in? I think we got it."
"Mind=Blown"
"Horses are dicks"
"Dammit Jesus  quit stealing my heroin."
"When Suddenly  Eddie Murphy!"
"Friends (X-Post)"
"Bear dance to Snoop dog. Yeah men"
"Rude Awakening"
"Head Face"
"Deep Sea Teeth Cleaning (x-post from r/funny)"
"The dog's name is Dick."
"Has anyone in this family ever actually seen a chicken?"
"Black People"
"Pretty Much [Fixed] [Fixed again]"
"RaawWWRrr!"
"My friend plays the guitar like a giant tool."
"Watch Scooby Doo because..."
"Sloth chilling in a hammock. I wish my day would go like this."
"Vintage Nicki Minaj."
"Did not even recognize her."
"How I feel as a new Redditor trying to get Karma"
"Still gets me every time..."
"Contrary to popular belief... Pimping is easy"
"Just a Coupla Furry Friends  Sharing a Moment"
"Little cutie on the prowl"
"Husky Puppy."
"He must like bacon..."
"Cost Estimate"
"Is this real life?"
"The biggest dog I've ever seen."
"Where to begin???"
"Biggest tease ever..."
"natural habitat"
"Pizza is ready!"
"I think this is the last time I spend time looking for creepy gifs."
"Yummy  Pizza [gif]"
"because china!"
"I just don't understand Japan."
"Bus advertising done right"
"He Went to Jared..."
"Well I never..."
"Whoa dud... HOLY SHIT!!!"
"Ah such a man is quite bully!"
"When I get a boo-boo and a girl is near."
"Visited the Virgin Islands..."
"Wednesday Giggles"
"Ouch."
"How I feel browsing r/new"
"the newest happy couple.."
"Kitty!"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Every time I mosey on over to r/politics..."
"How I feel as a New Zealander at an AFL game."
"Countdown to chaos"
"best answer"
"Get well soon..."
"Parks and Recreation's Ron Swanson  as illustrated by Sam Spratt"
"So I decided to google &quot;badass&quot;"
"I think this is the right place for this."
"Just an arctic fox taking a nap (very efficiently)"
"When my posts upvotes are more than downvotes."
"For Hitchens - a Cy&amp;H comic"
"Me  at work  on my birthday."
"When I try really hard in a comment on a rising post but the post never makes it"
"My dogs face after playing with this kitten [FIXED]"
"Freedom is great"
"Best .gif ever..."
"Flashback baby"
"Man uses his asshole to make chocolat milk"
"is this yours?... I found it in the dumpster..."
"Yaaay! It's my 1st Reddit birthday! Here's a raccoon carrying a kitty."
"He looks like he's having a great time..."
"What my girlfriend think i do everytime we broke up"
"[10]"
"Realizing its my 3rd cake day and i have only submitted one link prior to this one."
"A Shell Shocked Soldier from 1916 [Warning: Creepy]"
"How I see the Duggars."
"Best nostalgia costume I've seen this Halloween"
"The world's largest street painting by artist Joe Hill (Canary Wharf  London)"
"The new queen of photobombing"
"Ohhh presents!"
"This look familiar to anyone else?"
"My babys gonna be a gangsta nigga..."
"Part of your world!"
"NO."
"Damn Dog!"
"Aaaaand I'm going to bed."
"Metal"
"How to Photoshop"
"There where once two towers"
"If you don't eat your vegetables  this is what happens"
"Fox wants in..."
"blessed woman gets to take a pic with OTG at his best (xpost from /r/onetruegod)"
"I give you....BABEH PLATYPUSES!!!"
"Eye Drops (xpost from r/wtf)"
"I hate browsing reddit when in a bad mood"
"Painstakingly restoring my music library after a crash. Still in the Fs."
"How I feel when shopping while PMSing"
"How I feel as someone without a PC during the Steam summer sale"
"How I feel getting into work on a Monday"
"Whenever my posts get downvoted.."
"When I get 0 downvotes and still can't get a post to take off - Imgur"
"Coming home from college to a fully stocked fridge"
"This guy was told by his Homeowners Association he couldn't fly the American flag in his yard."
"Somebody loves America!"
"Power Ranger - The greatest wrestler of them all."
"Going Where No Dog Has Gone Before"
"I can't believe this exists in real life. It looks like something in an MMO.."
"SOON..."
"Don't play with fire (gif)"
"Worst family picture idea. Ever"
"... And they called themselves 'The Aristocrats'"
"Googled &quot;trololo imgur&quot; and this happened."
"This is how I felt when yesterday no one remembered my birthday"
"We need to go higher"
"Chewbacca riding a giant Squirrel  fighting Nazi's"
"I wish the world were this awesome"
"Just one of the best pics ever"
"Chewbacca riding a giant squirrel and fighting the Nazis"
"Denied"
"He's the hero Gotham needs"
"Scumbag Link"
"ios 6"
"Don't mind me  just posting this so that I have it in my saved links queue for responding to friends."
"How I feel when I post something that will get me lots of karma."
"An adorable kitten playing in a hollister bag"
"A message to the deer and eagle:"
"Cats love it!"
"Someday I Will Accept The Fact That I Am Rubbish With Photoshop... Today Is Not That Day."
"Is this the fattest kidnapper you've ever seen?"
"When everyone on Reddit starts yelling at me"
"When I'm in my parents car and I see my friends coming."
"When I click a scary link"
"Fun with sharks"
"can't wait for somebody to ask me for crackers"
"Do we have any crackers?"
"death by cute...gets me everytime"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Check out this pic of an atomic bazooka"
"Play me out Salem.."
"Dexter on No Shave November"
"Perseid Meteor Shower - Mount Teide National Park  Canary Islands [2000x1125]"
"When I see a post that has anything to do with Germany or Jews"
"Centipede Cat"
"Taking advantage of BYO cup day at 7-Eleven"
"Cutest cat in the world"
"We just got a Portal at work that links to our west coast office via webcam"
"...and stay down."
"How I feel about almost EVERYTHING on Sunday mornings."
"We Are Screwed... [animated gif][Shotgun Shuffle]"
"We Are Screwed... [gif][Shotgun Shuffle]"
"It's okay  reddit..."
"When the world's got me down  this always manages to bring me back up."
"There is no need to be upset"
"Make-up... Please tell me it's make-up"
"Just happened. When me and the enemy gaurd for our red and their blue notice each other."
"Tortoise faceplant"
"When you find out the hot girl at the party has a boyfriend."
"Meanwhile.. In The Philippines [Fixed]"
"Sentimental cat."
"Stahp it human [xpost from r/gifs]"
"Stahp it human [xpost from r/funny]"
"First day of school as a 5th grader  top of the food chain"
"When my girlfriend points out a hot chick."
"Friday..."
"What game is this from?"
"doesn't night life sound more like this?"
"Probably why I'm hot every night"
"All in a days work"
"This deer was outside my house this morning"
"Facebook with another gem"
"Real Talk about Donuts from a 12 year old (word count: 137)"
"How I feel reading through excited posts recently"
"Driving on the freeway in Michigan. I imagine it's like this is many other places  too."
"Speed Walking... WTF?"
"PLAYER 3 HAS JOINED THE GAME"
"How to break a fight"
"first effort"
"As a European  tasting American beef jerky for the first time."
"redbull gives you wings"
"Blowing a bubble.... anybody got the source of this?"
"Nick Offerman without his mustache"
"Rick Ross wearing a Rick Ross chain wearing a Rick Ross chain"
"How I act when my boyfriend wants sex but I'm not in the mood (x-post r/awww)"
"What happens when someone tries to wake me up..."
"Every time I read &quot;my cake day&quot;"
"How to prevent cheating."
"Pretty Sweet Finishing Move (NSFW)"
"Growing up in a city  this is me every time I visit the zoo."
"Starry Mountain [1920x1080]"
"How I feel every time I'm in /r/wtf"
"Australia...agreed"
"cant wait for the day when we have &quot;gif&quot; cards so I can hand this out to d-bags and put it on cars that are parked stupidly"
"You know what Friday means..."
"I think butters has it all figured out"
"Before QWOP  there was this shit."
"Oregon trails"
"every damn night..."
"I never lie"
"Aogashima Volcano  south off the coast of Japan."
"Aogashima  Japan"
"Amazing Picture Of Aogashima Volcano  Japan"
"Aogashima Island  Japan."
"Did You Just Say YOLO?"
"How I imagined the ending of last night's Breaking Bad (not a spoiler)"
"Trying to find the water heater pilot light in the little window..."
"The first time I saw a vagina"
"When my mom is cooking something in the oven and I'm really hungry."
"Everytime I'm at an aquarium."
"I think she's a keeper [FIXED]"
"Temple made of gold"
"Karma is nice  but this is what I really want for my cake day."
"How I feel being 38/m and single..."
"I see your Tacocat and raise you a Tequila Cat."
"Happy Cinco de Mayo!"
"Nightmare fuel."
"For the math type nerds out there"
"Saw this on my Facebook feed and was surprised by the intelligence..."
"Trigonometry"
"Jeep Cherokee stuck on the U.S.-Mexico border fence."
"When I hear a game will only be offered through Origin"
"Anytime someone uses Real Mature as a title in r/funny..."
"Captain Falcon has great reflexes"
"Who comes up with these ideas?"
":3"
"Lion King [IRL]"
"Real life Simba"
"Cocaine Toothache Drops for $0.15"
"How I feel when people talk about their vacations while I am stuck at home alone........"
"In the old days of Steam"
"Poor little guy.."
"I would be afraid to go to the bathroom."
"Coolest toilet wallpaper design ever?"
"Cat in the hat"
"The best reason for space colonisation."
"The end is nigh."
"Fuck you  evolution"
"Steven Colbert: an amazing creature"
"When I finally met a Redditor in my class"
"What rhymes with sloth"
"If the back of your iPhone shatters  colour it in a highlighter then wipe it off with a paper towel. This is what it should turn out like."
"The heart of science."
"Anytime I see &quot;it is my cakeday&quot;"
"Missed my cake day."
"The NHL is coming back!"
"Any love for my saint bernard and kitten?"
"Colorful Clouds"
"Squidward can't stop"
"Fuzzy"
"I don't even know what to say..."
"What the fuck  Japan."
"So this just popped up in my news feed..."
"Transformizzle"
"Really hope this becomes a thing"
"When someone tries to snag one of my french fries."
"Nailed it."
"Poor Pluto"
"Every comment section."
"Just a guy and his best bud..."
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is what most of us will look like tomorrow."
"I think i might grab something different tonight"
"Anyone up for some sausage?"
"He put effort into that"
"Look children  the mother whale is teaching her calf to be an attention whore!"
"Like mother... Like daughter?"
"Poor reddit"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man"
"Shameless indeed!"
"My reaction when I finally had a comment with over 600 karma"
"It seriously is."
"Any other Ents share the same opinion on the recent lighter issue?"
"Jesus Says Beat Up That Kid"
"Typed in &quot;do you even lift&quot; on Google Images."
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Well at least the fundies thank him..."
"As a Swede i always remember this gem when Americans talk about saying grace."
"Thank you Jesus..."
"My gardener is also named that."
"Found this on Images today when I went to Google stuff about my new puppy..."
"Best wedding photo ever"
"At the end of the day. We are all animals."
"Well  The Mayans got something right."
"Everytime my GF wants to talk about 'us.'"
"Fairies do exist!"
"When Someone Tells Me I'm Too Fat for the Slip-n-Slide"
"Deal With It."
"But i never told u where i live !"
"Sometimes my Facebook friend suggestions epitomize WTF"
"I was pretty startled when I realized that this was a gif"
"what unspeakable horror has this couple seen?"
"Saw this in the food court of a mall today."
"When I'm sitting on the huge sub-woofer at the club and the DJ starts playing dubstep."
"The drive home after Indian food."
"Original ending of The Dark Knight Rises"
"Korean pop is weird."
"Meanwhile  in Korea..."
"Just discovered Gangnam Style....my favorite part all gifed up."
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand a monster is born"
"Han Solo"
"Not sure if repost..."
"Unstackable Cups"
"Broken cow. [nsfw]"
"Invisible bike ver. 2.0"
"Rape Happens. (SFW)"
"Just got to the dark side of the internet"
"Wtf?"
"Karma whoring for my reddit birthday. I have seen a lot of this throughout the year."
"This is how Reddit really works"
"Not sure if this has been posted but...."
"The Original Sexy and You Know It"
"How I see people that post crap from 9gag"
"After Obama wins elections"
"That one friend who tries to stop a heated argument between two people..."
"How I feel downvoting something that is already on the front page"
"Why that's a nice shirt."
"How I Feel About /IAMA Right Now (fixed)"
"Kim Kardashian's wedding"
"My thoughts on 80% of AMA's in response to BLB's AMA Drama..."
"Why I still spell things wrong."
"How I feel when people post about hitting some karma milestone"
"When I found out Lance Armstrong was going to be stripped of his 7 Tour de France titles."
"What I thought when I heard Barack Obama was doing an AMA [FIXED]"
"So my girlfriend just got yoga pants"
"I laughed so hard (sorry if repost)"
"Wookie puppy"
"Chewbacca Dog"
"It's gonna get louder!!!"
"How I feel reading research papers for my new job."
"How I feel taking a test I didn't study for."
"Best Gif Ever  credit to NOTTHEDROIDS105  i think. In case anybody hasn't already seen this one."
"Unluckyman being unlucky"
"Genetics"
"How Genetics Work"
"Confused dog on an escalator."
"Dog on escalator  drumming"
"Hi and welcome to Reddit! I hope you like the same fucking jokes over and over!"
"Welcome to Reddit."
"Accidentally dropped flour on my horse."
"Doomba 10.0"
"birdth n thtuff"
"When I walked in the Gym Today"
"But...that was my place"
"Motherly instinct..."
"Any better songs for this?"
"It had to be done"
"oppan gangam style"
"Breathtaking image of Statue of Liberty and Hurricane Sandy"
"Juust passing through"
"So  I saw Taylor Swift on the highway yesterday....."
"I don't see the harm in that."
"My dog would be pissed!"
"PETA has nothing on Top Gear!"
"First Prize Costume from 1894- side of bacon"
"Seriously am I?!"
"This is all I can think when I see the scumbag mom/dad memes."
"How i feel when people upload pics with alcohol"
"to those of you who constantly shut down you believing friends just for stating their beliefs"
"Americano"
"Uncanny resemblance meme..."
"I laughed way to hard at this OKcupid submission."
"I want this job"
"Deadly predators prowling the savannah"
"After spending a couple minutes in the new section of r/funny"
"Over the past year the books and this community have been a huge part of my life  so in honor of my name day  here is what is still my favorite GoT wallpaper"
"Googled &quot;Random stuff on the internet.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"Trying Nutella bacon"
"Repost"
"I never thought that phrase could be taken literally."
"When I upvote something with 0 upvotes"
"ALRIGHT WHO SAID IT"
"Sometimes it sucks having huge balls"
"DAMN IT!"
"The line between rich and poor"
"Grand Slum"
"In honor of my first reddit birthday as someone who has never been to the front page:"
"How I feel while playing Homeworld2 for the first time"
"How I feel as a 25 year old who has never smoked  subscribing to /R/Trees"
"How I felt when I first started using Reddit"
"So I decided to try Guild Wars 2"
"How a girl must feel trying cowgirl for the first time [FIXED]"
"wow..."
"Batman Style"
"Norway anyone?"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"this is Sepiroth not giving a fuck"
"No shame just games."
"When I'm too lazy to post something on reddit and someone else does and they make the front page for the thing I was going to post."
"How I felt waking up on Christmas as a child"
"When you just used the Purell automatic foam dispenser"
"When I walk in the bathroom at work and the handicap stall is open."
"still makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Just one more push!"
"Push me faster  I want to do a flip."
"Christmas came a bit early for her."
"Most impressive  Nordstrom."
"Today is my dog's birthday so my mom decided to dress her up. I can't say Marlie was thrilled."
"its the facial expression that gets me everytime"
"Seal."
"To Kanye...."
"Toughest Baby Ever"
"Yes  it's from Japan."
"Oh the things we do with Photoshop."
"Belly swap"
"This is what happens when plastic rings ends in the water. A simple act can make the difference."
"Happy bacon day! Here have a bacon ak-47"
"Out of the night  when the full moon is bright"
"My Favorite was Black Cherry"
"Don't jump!"
"Yes that's how it usually happens"
"beautiful"
"Pop!"
"Dust storm in Phoenix  AZ. June 2011."
"Cat Grocery Shopping"
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnold Schwarzenegger  Andre the Giant-- on the set of Conan."
"Different densities of liquids"
"Religion Explains the Dinosaurs"
"One more theory."
"When I learned that 'starring' friends on Facebook gives you a notification for almost everything they do."
"Over Dramatic"
"My favorite gif of all time"
"I'ma grab your hand .3."
"They should combine Halloween and NYE... (Facebook)."
"Saw this in my news feed today."
"A friend tried to tell me that Brian Urlacher sprinting would destroy any hockey player on skates..."
"My friends daughter did this in school yesterday."
"A+ Kid .. A+"
"Grandma kick"
"Run Snake  run like you've never run before!"
"Would definitely make for more interesting gameplay..."
"How my mouth feels after getting my braces off."
"Whenever I look at my inventory after using all my keys and key items in Resident Evil."
"Denmark has the happiest electrical outlets"
"faces of power"
"OK! They're REALLY all fucked."
"Two ancient evils are joining forces..."
"See how many you can name."
"C'MON MAAAAAAN"
"Dear Reddit  can any one tell me where this is?? SO I CAN RUN THE FUCK AWAY"
"I don't think I want to..."
"Pride of the US navy."
"And The Angel Said Unto Him... &quot;Stop Hitting Yourself...Stop Hitting Yourself&quot; But low he could not..."
"One man's hell is that same man's heaven"
"There is always &quot;That Guy&quot; at the Monday morning meetings."
"diglett in google images"
"Safe Sex"
"How I felt in middle school dances."
"The never before seen  secret member of nirvana"
"Ayyy!"
"My girlfriend was bored today so she drew this"
"Freedom!!"
"The Power of Jesus"
"How I feel when my girlfriend asks me if my friend's new gf is pretty"
"When i try to do parkour"
"What I imagine life without an iPhone would be like"
"The only time when Karma is bad"
"Miracle in Madagascar"
"I don't see the big deal..."
"This should be easy"
"Gott'em."
"Lafawnduh"
"It stops for no man"
"The little cart that could"
"Today is my second cake day  I missed my first reddit cake day. All Hail Front Page"
"As a gay guy into bears this is how I feel about the Photogenic guy meme."
"When fifa-players tell me they're gamers  simply put I don't try anymore."
"When fifa-players tell me they're gamers  simply put  I don't try anymore."
"Waking up realizing my 21st birthday is going to be lame. .."
"Drinking Vodka"
"Child of nightmares"
"How I feel about seeing r/gonewild posts immediately after I just fapped."
"When people try to talk to me about politics"
"I fear this is close to reality"
"How I'll try to raise my unborn daughter..."
"Thank goodness"
"Most offensive question to the Internet ever"
"Seasons + Tycho - hours"
"Flu Season is here once more"
"Keylock. (x-post r/woahdude)"
"When the customer is wrong"
"But This Strawberry is Perfect for This Tortoise"
"How I felt getting full-sized candy bars from &quot;that guy&quot; on Halloween."
"My reaction to an upvote on my comment."
"Teaching kids not to hit"
"Don't fuck with cats (repost from /r/funny"
"whenever people post stupid and retarded things on the internet. My EXACT reaction"
"My new wallpaper"
"What is this ball of cuteness sitting in a tree?"
"A Momonga!"
"Inside the mind of a bird"
"Rollin' In Style"
"Just saw the extended forecast predicts 10 straight days of sunshine..."
"My reaction to a co-worker mentioning that the moon landing was fake during a conversation about Felix Baumgartner"
"It's a Trap!"
"Cats are Evil"
"When the first girl arrives at the party"
"When I poop and don't need to wipe"
"When I forget to set an alarm  but still wake up on time."
"How I feel tonight after asking a girl out successfully for the first time."
"Just noticed that the lady in this .gif looks like she's saying &quot;Beat me.&quot;"
"My reaction at the end of The Dark Knight Rises."
"How I feel after sending my youngest kid off the Kindergarten and realizing no more daycare payments."
"Just a bee sting... in the eye"
"Now thats heavy!"
"mythbusters . . . WTF"
"Like father like son"
"What will Alakazam do?!"
"Some truth from Cyanide and Happiness today"
"I think somebody is hungry"
"In light of the recent news"
"Literal test answers - so true."
"So I Heard You Liked Cats"
"Oh  don't mind me. I'm just going to take one..."
"Knife to meet you"
"How I feel when someone nicely comments on my post but does not upvote it."
"Optical Illusion at Paris town hall"
"Chocolate Cockatoo"
"Enough!"
"Nature is beautiful."
"A picture is worth a thousand colors"
"This what you call colorful chameleon"
"Yo  for all you Harry Potter fans."
"Vengadance"
"Math  what are you doing?"
"&quot;You don't believe in God?&quot;"
"Kick ass!"
"The advantages of being colorblind"
"Evil Overlord Cat! Caption ideas?"
"Come at me Bro!"
"Liberal Stephen Colbert"
"Family resemblance."
"When I hear my name getting called."
"When I wake up to the smell of fresh baked cookies."
"wakka wakka wakka"
"Blackmesasource launch as a European"
"I think im too lazy"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Abbey Road-Quest!"
"Owning Abbey Road"
"When you get a fucking goldeen in Super Smash Brothers."
"How I feel when all the links are purple."
"Mid-life superheroes."
"The Flight Deck of Space Shuttle Endeavour"
"Just being safe."
"Meanwhile  in the South..."
"Pig Rider"
"My favorite derp ever"
"Salvador Dali Taking His Anteater For A Walk"
"Elijah Wood vanity"
"Its my turn to sing  bitch!"
"thats the only thing i could think of when i saw this gif"
"What do you mean?"
"Ultimate wedgie..."
"Baby Hedgehog - cute explosion"
"Gamers May Appreciate"
"That damn wooden spoon..."
"If you remember these..."
"I... I had a bad dream"
"oh what a nice day for freeskiing in the alp- OH FUCK!!!!!!"
"Everytime I walk down the hallway at school"
"Well I guess they got us there"
"Some people cannot drink their limits."
"Seeing your parents when you're out with friends..."
"Having a grand ol time"
"as a linux user seeing linux mentioned in a non-linux subreddit...linux"
"How I'll be spending my first day-off of work in a while."
"I think Fox News is running out of stories..."
"It took my friend six hours to draw this  she says it wasn't worth it. What do you think?"
"One of the many truths about the internet [X-post from r/wtf]"
"Patrick Star For President"
"I know who I'm voting for in 2012"
"I know who I'm voting for in 2012..."
"He has my vote."
"How i feel when i realize im walking in the middle of a group of friends"
"When an OP answers my question in an AMA"
"When fucking up a joke and the punchline is met with killing silence"
"Oh Japan~"
"The exact moment I realized I'm done with the internet for the day."
"Reddit's reaction to pretty much anything I post."
"Thug Life"
"AWWWWWWWWWWWW!"
"Expert Martial Artist"
"My friend learned how to fly on a broom today."
"Dafuq did I just read?"
"Master Derp"
"Sand sucks!!!"
"Will the Real Buzz Lightyear Please Stand Up."
"How all of my mornings look like"
"Exactly"
"Clowning around"
"Just a Tiny Clown Surrounded By Orthodox Jewish Men"
"We all are honey   we all are ."
"The Maturity Climb"
"This cat is under some serious concentration"
"This cat is under some serious concentration"
"That hole needs to be filled"
"Sunday School would have been more interesting if this what I learned about."
"Watch out for the drop"
"COME ON  IT'S NOT THAT SMALL!"
"OH SHIT! [nsfw]"
"Lord of the gangnam style."
"A match made in heaven"
"Just some waterskiers"
"RELEASE THE KRAKEN!"
"Release the Kraken!"
"I cannot begin to think of an appropriate title."
"the original awkward penguin"
"SAP in Action!"
"Socially awkward penguin at the zoo"
"Socially Awkward Penguin"
"Subway train"
"Grammar."
"Romney Out-farts School Children"
"Someone mentioned the lemon party site to me  I couldn't remember what it was so I visited it... and I was honestly more surprised by this image on the left [NSFW]"
"Everyone knows this person on Facebook"
"I'll just break this window with a brick."
"The Colonel and Alice Cooper."
"Alice Cooper and The Colonel"
"What I imagine Apostolate looks like"
"Me walking into the theatre next week to see The Dark Knight Rises"
"The most arousing image you will see this year [SFW]"
"Smells like children"
"Man hit by a train"
"SpongeBob Redux"
"I feel like this about life."
"&quot;We Built It&quot; - GOP"
"Cheese!"
"Fact!"
"Highway. to. the... Dainger Zooone"
"Oh god I laughed so hard"
"Thanks to you guys - whenever someone on facebook posts something funny"
"Bacon Sunrise"
"Meanwhile  on bomb patrol"
"Safety Dance."
"Getting an A on a test I didn't study for"
"LIVE TO WIN!!"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Mr.Bean"
"There is probably a movie I have to watch. Does anyone know the title?"
"Too easy"
"death by snoo snoo"
"1800's was even taking funny cat pics"
"My brain: &quot; Well that was a fun weekend... oh yeah dude don't forget you have three major assessments due this week. This mental note is for two weeks ago  but I'm sure its fine.&quot;"
"Amazing visual illusion...now with CATS."
"School"
"A rainbow in candle smoke [Pic]"
"Quick kill it!!!"
"Gangnam style. Batman and Bane."
"Its definitely worth the extra cost to get these guys to do your removals!"
"It's my cake day: you know the drill. I give you a picture in which a coardboard robot has seemingly murdered a group of children and you give me karma. Everyone wins!"
"a horse playing with a yoga ball"
"monkey also know how to perform mouth to mouth respiration"
"TIL Nintendo was founded in 1889 as a playing card company."
"Ha-ha! Did not expect?"
"How I feel posting multiple times and never getting remotely close to the front page"
"I can't help but wonder about the backstory... [gif]"
"One year on reddit"
"When I woke up this morning.."
"How I feel after being banned from the OMM facebook page"
"Staying up too late on Reddit"
"Two years on Reddit and"
"when I see someone driving the same car as me."
"My reaction to all the Shakira gifs (keep um coming  boys)"
"This is what I feel like  when I Win At work"
"A pair of Leias sunbathing on the Stars Wars set."
"Partners in crime."
"Just Smoking with my Chicken"
"This one belongs here alright."
"Childhood traumatized."
"Facebook's take on '50 Shades of Grey'"
"the kind of people i have on facebook... seriously no hope for the human race"
"When you're actually sick but people think you're faking"
"How I Feel When I Try To Tell People My Birthday Is April 1st"
"So it begins. The greatest barrel roll of our time..."
"Black Monopoly"
"The happiest thing i've seen all week."
"You can't spell &quot;Amusement&quot; without..."
"Exactly how I felt when I remembered my first summer course started today."
"When die-hard fans loses the grip!"
"Me when i wake up to wake and bake and cant find a lighter"
"Tumblr"
"This is why I love the internet. His name is Jones."
"Not sure why I googled 'cat whale'"
"For my first post. I present you this"
"Sink full of kitties being hypnotized"
"I've been watching these cats for 22 minutes and they still haven't missed yet."
"Probably my all time favorite gif."
"I was working all day and didn't get the chance to eat for 6 hours  this was my reaction when i got home and got served by mom"
"This C&amp;H must have been made specifically for redditors."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Friend level 99"
"Vengence!"
"I laugh way too hard at this."
"My reaction to seeing r/spacedicks for the first time"
"how i felt when i realized after a year of waiting  i had nothing to post for my cake day"
"I have no idea what's going on here."
"Bobba Fett loves to dance."
"When my roommate tells me I'm on Reddit too much"
"WTF America"
"Koala Mask"
"Silly bitch..you cant eat the floor."
"Hello  my precious"
"Basking in Butterflies"
"Every redditor yesterday"
"McDonald's Chicken"
"Chicken Nugget Swirl..."
"Radcats"
"When an interviewer asks why they should hire me  this is the first thing that pops into my head."
"So this was just posted on Facebook..."
"My turn to change a diaper?"
"How I felt reactivating facebook after 3 years"
"how my nephew felt this morning"
"A storm passed over Christchurch  New Zealand  tonight"
"My favorite Hulk"
"Hawk vs. Fox (x-post from /r/pics)"
"4chan Photoshop Masters"
"Poltergeist"
"I'm  like  90% sure this couple is the same guy. (FIXED"
"Breaking News From Reddit Headquarters"
"If I was a judge in any of the women's gymnastics events"
"Mr. Feeny [PIC]"
"Mr. Feeny"
"I'll just get in the picture for th-WHOA SHIIIT!!"
"When I manage to do anything without COMPLETELY fucking it up."
"Obama riding a corgi"
"Dwight Schrute"
"A Snake With Ticks"
"A snake infested with ticks. Stay inside this year."
"Having The Time Of His Life!"
"Kids Don't Learn"
"It's-a-me! (nsfw)"
"Seems like thats some amazing Pasta [NSFW]"
"Rockers' Year Book pics"
"DON'T CROSS THE SAVIORS"
"The joys of autofill"
"Asked a friend with help getting rid of a wasp nest. This was his response..."
"Every time i see double doors....this happens"
"Rock climbers urinal"
"People react differently to Gods..."
"Waking up to an unsuccessful post from last night."
"Baby Longneck"
"As a Brit  this is how I feel about the Americans' &quot;heatwave&quot; posts."
"Me all week.. Daughters birthday falling on the same week as steam sale."
"Ronald Raygun"
"Why my friend doesnt let me use his drum set anymore.."
"Whenever I play the drums"
"Mitt Romney on November 6th."
"Learn how to walk they said... It'll be fun they said..."
"I honestly tried  but I couldn't resist. Who could possibly resist this face?"
"overused? not with a hat! ***probably karma whoring***"
"Someone divided by zero"
"my friends wedding photo [FIXED]"
"City worker trying to repair a broken pipe in Caracas  Venezuela."
"Sharks at the bottom of an escalator after the collapse of a shark tank [fake]"
"Right as I am about to end a tech call when they say &quot;Oh  one more thing...&quot;"
"Googled &quot;douchebaggery.&quot; I wasn't disappointed"
"All hail mushi cat"
"How I feel about Diablo posts"
"Now that exams are done..."
"This is me when I am correcting someone on the internet."
"How I feel after having caffeine for the first time in months"
"cat infinity"
"And The Karma Never Ends! Muahahahaha!"
"Guys get in here! I need you to get to the FRONT PAGE."
"Dodging punches. Like a boss"
"Muhammad_Ali_boxing_dodges"
"How I Feel Seeing Women Avoiding Cameras At Parties"
"all I want in my life is to fall sleep like this"
"This man does not give a f@#k."
"Me when someone tells me they have diabetes."
"My buddy threw his phone and punched his laptop in anger and at the same time I was looking at this picture"
"Anime &quot;SFW&quot; porn"
"Applause"
"Just Samsung trolling. Haters gonna hate."
"Mind. Blown."
"Look at them!"
"How I feel when I meet up with my friends after graduate school finals."
"This is how feel after just finishing my finals."
"Fucking every time I have to write the date after New Year's"
"How I felt when I woke up this morning"
"How I feel getting to the end of a subreddit"
"When I use my friend's computer who doesn't have RES"
"Turned on NPR to a Conversation with Jack Black and his role in School of Rock."
"How I feel after working through and entire day and night  over 24 hours."
"Badass cat."
"Deep..."
"One of my favorite games from my childhood."
"I think I just ruined my own day."
"Shadows."
"NOT THE FATHER"
"I will (hopefully) never be as happy as this man"
"How I think that squirrel felt when it ran through traffic today"
"Professionally Crazy"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore [IT Crowd style]"
"Visiting this site as a conservative."
"When my parents ask me about my dating life at the dinner table."
"What Im going to give to 14 yr old street clothed trick or treaters"
"To the Batmobile?"
"Merica!"
"What most people think Americans look like."
"Look  up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a horse! It's a ... WTF is that?"
"Reminds me of something you'd see in Japan."
"Obligatory Repost. Never Forget."
"This the longest gif i've ever seen [7]"
"9 ways."
"Nice ass .."
"Faces of meth."
"I see your 4am bakery  7am post-grad  and 8am class and raise you: M.S. student  work by 11am"
"Hi whale!"
"Monkey swarm"
"OPEN THE DOOR..."
"You come to me on the day of my daughter's wedding"
"How I always imagined The Lion King."
"White girl problems"
"Sleepy kitty"
"Owls can dance."
"The Morgan Freeman - Chain of Command"
"Always respect the chain of command"
"chatlog"
"how is this so amusing"
"Men dressed as mexican wrestler breaks into a grocery with two ostriches (xpost from r/mexico)"
"Trapped Under the Antarctic Ice"
":&gt;"
"Just a pig in a puddle"
"I don't want my feets to get wet."
"HIFW I show off to my friends"
"It's a bad feeling..."
"What's your favorite &quot;makes no sense&quot; pic? Here's mine..."
"My reaction to the Phantom Menace 3D trailer."
"When my mother uses &quot;YOLO&quot;"
"Just a girl lying down OH SHI-"
"The saga continues!"
"Scumbag Bill Cosby"
"Heaven for Atheists"
"Whenever someone gets more upvotes than me on a link I already posted..."
"&quot;i'll probably get downvoted&quot; = downvotes | &quot;i'll probably get upvoted&quot; = no upvotes"
"Finally got around to playing the Wii"
"My reaction to every redditor that downvotes my posts to oblivion"
"Words escape me..."
"Every redditors dream"
"Everytime somebody says lololol instead of lol"
"This is the way he looks when you disturb his nap."
"He is not ameowsed"
"Making candy with science!"
"Owls confirmed creepiest bird."
"Creepy as hell."
"Since r/Aww was going crazy over owls  I figured we should get some  too"
"Design fail"
"The glory of architecture"
"For safety"
"I find car journeys this exciting."
"Me at a [10] trying to find something to post."
"This prisoner deserves Respect"
"The best I could do..."
"Some farcical aquatic ceremony."
"Go  Charizard!"
"A comic about infidelity  nailed it?"
"I'm Asian  and this is what I think of Jeremy Lin"
"when I see someone with the same car as me on the street"
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"What I feel like taking out my first school loan."
"WIFI Quarrels"
"Oh yea."
"The Bizarro Internet"
"Uh... &quot;Top Ten Ways to Get Away With Rape&quot;? What the fuck?!"
"Just my friend's cat as Batman."
"I could watch this panda roll for hours."
"Here's a picture my BF Leonard drew."
"My girlfriend makes such amazing art."
"My girlfriend's artwork amazes me sometimes."
"A sweet painting my girlfriend made"
"My sisters friend made this. Thought reddit would like it."
"HEY! I was floating here."
"Everyday I'm shuffling..."
"This is how I feel on Fridays."
"Atheists: we lash out at children"
"Not sure if serious"
"Watch out for those Atheists!"
"cleaning the corgi"
"My gf says we need to talk"
"i can die now"
"How women react to me in general."
"Yo Dawg"
"A well-rounded redditor meal"
"Winter is coming. Brace yourselves."
"Oh dear"
"what the fuck"
"Posting about a socio-political-religious issue on Facebook"
"Very cute"
"I had just ONE beer at the party  darling."
"How I enjoy r/f7u12 today"
"Best... Band... Ever..."
"Those feels  man..."
"When I text the girl I like and never get replies"
"Things to do When the Internet is Down"
"I tried to stick my whole fist in them."
"Just a puppy sitting on another puppy's head.."
"I could never understand how he never died in Goldeneye"
"Leopard Seal vs. Penguin"
"when my ex tried to talk to me about her problems"
"When asked on Facebook to &quot;Like&quot; something..."
"My prophecy had come true. Fuck."
"I chase these things all the time"
"Saxophone"
"The Sun newspaper reporting on 'The Internet' in the 90's"
"Trying to hit the front page without a pet"
"Checking your karma in the morning and discovering you actually made a successful post"
"Grammar advice from Facebook God."
"Poor guy was just trying to relax"
"Playing Skyrim as an archer"
"You feel it bro?"
"Fine example of the architectural excellence"
"How very true."
"what a cute little... OH COME ON!"
"Problem?"
"Insane..."
"My boyfriend got me really good. Read the first letter of every line. (The last part goes on to say 'you raging atheist')"
"NOPE! nope nope nope"
"Party hard in Denmark!"
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"Jerry clever."
"So this exists [x-post from r/gif]"
"Ok....."
"What do you think Mr. T is daydreaming about?"
"The truth behind r/pics"
"Glued Slippers Prank"
"A kitten floating through space on a piece of bacon."
"I searched google images for space  this is what I found"
"Bacon  Kitten  Space!"
"Reddit  I heard you like Space Jam and Cats"
"Misfortune never comes alone."
"How I get my groove on."
"Ohhhhhhhhhh =O"
"[HIFW] I spend too much time on Reddit..."
"Work 19 days straight  today is my day off  then 11 more straight starting tomorrow."
"Meal Time With Re-Worked Jesus"
"Always use a designated driver."
"she lost her cubs and was depressed"
"Cute tiger cubs."
"Wat."
"Tom &amp; Jerry"
"Obama the boss"
"Playing a game on easy may not be a challenge  but it makes you feel like a badass."
"Oops...?"
"Finals week summarized in one photo"
"Ran into OAG all dressed up for Halloween."
"New morning  new day added to my counter."
"Remorseful Kitty"
"Just about how I feel about my life right now..."
"So ronery (xpost from r/gifsound)"
"You can't."
"last 30 mins of work every day."
"How I feel at work on my birthday"
"Whenever my posts get downvoted.."
"How I feel when my throwaway account gets more up votes than my real account."
"When I get 0 downvotes and still can't get a post to take off - Imgur"
"Mary-Kate Olsen &amp; Her 42-Year-Old Boyfriend"
"I wonder what she's looking at?"
"Obama at the Nuclear Security Summit Seoul 2012"
"Head of the mutha fuckin state!"
"Obama ridin' dirty"
"MJs reaction to Penn State sex scandal"
"The correct reaction to discovering r/spacedicks"
"My ex just changed her relationship status to in a relationship [FIXED]"
"How I feel about the Karmanaut/Shittywatercolour drama"
"I don't even know what to say about this"
"Babies are ummmmm........beautiful????"
"The Child of Thornberry"
"I feel sorry for the kid"
"I guess it's Twinkie day"
"Teacup puppy!"
"Logged in this morning and saw my post on the front page."
"Turtles are assholes"
"Scumbag turtle.."
"Split."
"How to dissuade people from ringing your doorbell."
"Thank you Sandy..."
"Two Legends"
"Spongebob Bloodhead"
"Sponge it up bob."
"Are there any captions that could possibly explain this picture?.."
"dude  where did my shoes go?"
"Oh my God. What is it A Lady? Can't believe it!"
"Sound medical advice"
"party"
"How I feel posting a comment on a Front Page thread"
"The irony of trying to fight off reposts"
"Getting over 2000 upvotes"
"Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
"Fuck the Bridge-Police."
"uploads to reddit puts all text in the title"
"My reaction when someone says something right before an exam that I'm hearing for the first time"
"When at home with a girl and Dad comes by; starts talking things that should not be heard."
"Browsing Reddit recently.."
"Hmm.."
"Basically all day for me"
"Because I'm French"
"f7u12 recently"
"am i doing it wrong"
"Just me?"
"It's really pretty simple."
"Not something you see everyday..."
"Looks Legit"
"Star Wars Episode V in GIF form"
"Hey Thanks Bill!"
"Who's awesome?"
"What does Bill Murray think about you?"
"How I feel in my college class filled with freshman students..."
"too much aww to handle."
"O Fortuna"
"when i was little  this was me when my dad had the video camera"
"Saved it."
"No one will notice...."
"New Olympic sport  cop-slalom."
"I HATE COPS"
"Thor's Hammer"
"Wookiee the Chew"
"Yea  it's humid"
"How I feel on humid days."
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Will Smith: Challenge Accepted!"
"/r/gifsound bears treasure"
"The Worst Meatball Sandwich."
"Surface tension."
"Made me feel like an All-star as a kid."
"A cat on a cold winter day"
"Dominic  you rat! You weren't using the oven to bake cookies!"
"Dominic you rat! you weren't using the oven to bake cookies!"
"How could you  Dominic!?"
"Miss me once  shame on you.."
"My reaction when I wander off to /r/popping"
"So my wife left 50 Shades of Grey on the table. This is how I felt after reading the first paragraph."
"I just noticed something about one of the most used gifs on reddit. Look at the girl behind Jerry"
"NPR is having a story about the importance of spiders and their existence"
"Surprise!"
"Adios Bitches."
"Islandception"
"My friend had a very productive day..."
"Peacekeeper missile testing"
"Why does it look like everyone is laughing at me?"
"How it feels when TIL threads link to Wikipedia: TIL that Waldo's shoes are never tied in any picture."
"Can you scratch my back?"
"What is this witchcraft?"
"Found this on r/aww. Fits better here (x-post /r/aww)"
"Ronald the abusive clown"
"So I am watching the Macy's Thanksgiving parade and saw the Micky D's shoe car and balloon  but all I could think about was this....."
"Why Redditors over use every meme"
"How did you do that???"
"An atheist's response to everything"
"How to get karma on Reddit"
"Gabe Newells' Twin. Just not as much of a fat ass."
"Watching two naked MEN isn't hot  but ..."
"S3 in a nutshell"
"WTF is this all about?"
"Well.I have my reasons."
"This has obviously not been influenced by Reddit."
"What kind of a question is that?"
"As a ginger this was still a pretty hard decision"
"Never ceases to make me laugh."
"Stephen Colbert"
"Lightning Eclipse from the Planet of the Goats"
"Simply the best thumbs up in existence..."
"Not so cute anymore"
"it's hard to hate 4chan."
"When corgis collide"
"Found this on Reddit  I don't know who to credit  but whenever I'm feeling down  I laugh my ass off at it."
"God Fu*king Dammit"
"Me  upon realizing I missed my cake day and all the guaranteed Karma that comes with it."
"The Chicago teachers strike is getting really personal"
"Only the most SFW disturbing thing I've seen on the internet this week"
"Not sure I would want to drink vagetarian coffee or whatever flavour this is...."
"WHAT THE LIVING HELL?!"
"Is it lupus? It's lupus  isn't it?!?"
"&quot;Got something there on your face  chap&quot;"
"Life Cycle Of A Leaf"
"Hello from the Middle East. I humbly submit this request to American redditors."
"Yes.. yes  you are"
"Oh  Joseph..."
"One of my favorite pics on the web."
"helping hands"
"A helping hand."
"Myth BUSTED! The Dynamic Duo in action."
"Do you know how fast you were going?"
"couldn't resist"
"Look at me  I'm Dr. Zoidberg - Homeowner!"
"Clawception"
"Claw^Claw^Claw"
"FALCON PUNCH!"
"How Tebow Fans Felt During Sunday's Game"
"every time my brother hits me and i get in trouble"
"All Hail Hypno-Disco-Cat"
"Nerd Dragon"
"Mindfuck."
"The RAREST accomplishment in the world was just achieved"
"Just a simple waterfall"
"Pictures like this make me so grateful of our technology"
"Coming through!"
"Bear Attack"
"It is what it is"
"A trout smoking a cigarette while wearing a chicken. Why?"
"I'm glad I've never found one of these in a grocery store yet"
"Yeah"
"Yeah"
"Fuckin' Mondays"
"Lightning at Huntington Beach  Bay Village  Ohio"
"For those in need of a chuckle"
"How I see myself when riding a horse."
"So I googled &quot;this is why I'm scared of the ocean&quot;. It's like google knew it was dealimg with a redditor 0.o"
"What you say ma? A tornada?"
"“No tornado gonna take ma home!” Yeeeeee haw!!"
"now  with cats"
"As a senior with no core requirements left."
"Any love for Fullmetal Alchemist on reddit?"
"Say a prayer"
"You are enormously insignificant"
"When I ask my gf what's wrong."
"The day it was legalized"
"Me when I'm trying to force my music on my friends"
"My face when I buy a new album and play it for my friends [GIF]"
"Hey Paul listin to this Ax!"
"Karma Shot [nsfw]"
"what I imagine my friend looks like after getting front page first post"
"How I feel when I get an upvote."
"Yo dawg.. Slide"
"Dexter's Lab"
"Poledancing"
"This is not a warning."
"I bet this train stop is quite popular with the local gentlemen."
"As a PC gamer  I wish this was real."
"Christians?"
"Philosoraptor on the virgin birth"
"I've been thinking about this lately."
"Is religion trying to make us stupid?"
"So I guess the majority of Redditors are Catholics not atheists..."
"Lolception"
"Such an amazingly bad idea"
"Why would anyone want to do this to their dog?"
"Play-Doh &amp; Terrier Mix"
"Oh Hai"
"I was watching soccer  then this happened."
"Everyone in my class when I'm late."
"Fuck this guy."
"When I found out my new job has mandatory drug tests..."
"Missions [PIC]"
"The Solar System and the number of times the planets have had been visited by satellites sent from Earth."
"mom came home; room smells like pot."
"Wrong story for this guy to cover..."
"&quot;Knock  Knock.&quot; &quot;Who's There?&quot; &quot;Lettuce.&quot; &quot;Lettuce Who?&quot;"
"He must really love vegetables..."
"How I feel when becoming friends with a redditor after an argument"
"Ninja attack cat."
"I was scrolling through Facebook newsfeed when...."
"Realistic Tattoo [x post from r/wtf]"
"Meanwhile at the Apple store ..."
"Holy song number B-man!"
"I left ragemaker open when my girlfriend was using my laptop. this is what i came back to"
"Guilty dog"
"An amazing profession"
"Consumer society."
"I see your cat with glasses and raise you this fine feline"
"A spin on the classic tale."
"Milkyway over the Loch Ard Gorge"
"Roger that  I got up votes inbound! [xpost from r/Air Force]"
"After learning about using A and Z for voting in RES"
"Why I can't post anything in r/politics (not OC)"
"For those comments that are doomed to fail"
"Rainbow colored ants"
"Ghost ants take on the color of anything they eat."
"On my cakeday  this is all I can think about..."
"Probably a doghouse..."
"Space Shuttle Launch"
"Shuttle Launch."
"My kind of handstand."
"My kind of handstand."
"Where will you be when your diarrhea comes back?"
"When you think about it  that's a pretty smart spider"
"History's greatest philosophers."
"My friend decided to have his stopwatch on for 1333 hours so it would say this"
"In response to the redditor whose phone stopwatch got to 3 000 hours when their friend stopped it... Mines still going"
"I See Why Your Phones Battery Is Dieing And Raise You This"
"Malt-Chocolate America"
"How I feel when sit still traffic finally starts moving..."
"Is time for new goals."
"Long exposure of fireflies just before dark"
"Lol I wanna go to this town."
"747 carrying the Space Shuttle Endeavour"
"ha  its weekend lets go for the party."
"Me  while at work  watching 9/11 tribute videos..."
"We are all doomed"
"Meteorologist Batman"
"You walked into the wrong neighborhood."
"walked into a Coca-Cola graduate scheme at uni drinking Pepsi  this is how I felt....."
"RL QWOP"
"How it felt when I tried to walk last night after 4 small joints mixed of pineapple express and purple haze."
"How my Penis reacts to my horny girlfriend after ive drank to much......"
"Bad Guy Cop."
"Not all cops but yeah still funny"
"Bibles For Haiti"
"Yoda Yoda Yoda"
"Make-Up Artist Portfolio"
"Whenever I have to work on a chain smokers car"
"Good riddance."
"How America feels about Florida right now."
"Don't forget about your knives kids."
"Big Pimpin'"
"(^o^)"
"ERMAGERD! PERTY HERD!"
"Commence Thou then the fervid Hokey-Poke!"
"There! That should hold it."
"This seems like a good place for this"
"Let me just get this outta the way..."
"Someone goes on reddit."
"The Fox News reaction the moment Obama's win was announced."
"by far my favorite .gif"
"I think this gif adequately sums up the differences between men and women"
"Real difference between everything else and 4chan"
"My family and I just watched Bill Maher's documentary &quot;Religulous&quot;"
"So my fundie father-in-law went out yesterday and ate a ton of Chick-Fil-A. In the middle of the night he had explosive diarrhea and vomiting."
"It's Dangerous Out There! Take One of These..."
"Win of the day."
"When Reddit is down"
"He did it on porpoise."
"A new species of dolphin."
"Air Force Graduation Ceremony"
"When my girlfriend's pregnancy test was negative"
"Forever Alone: level 60"
"Johnnie Walker described almost perfectly"
"With your powers combined....."
"His final inspiring words..."
"This little piggy had roast beef."
"Lake in Norway [1280 x 840]"
"You gonna eat that?"
"How did she even get into college?"
"Popped up on my Facebook...Like a Sir."
"Fuck You"
"Surprised?"
"When my opponent uses a potion."
"How I feel after putting in my two weeks"
"How I feel when I see somebody has a first post on the front page"
"I see your 8am post and raise you  1 am work at 7-Eleven"
"When someone downvotes me because they don't agree."
"Aloha! I'm from the Internet!"
"Who?"
"Cute owl"
"Winter is Coming"
"tiny turtle attacks bit strawberry"
"So.. close !"
"And a one..."
"Nope"
"What really happened to Whitney..."
"COCAINE!!!"
"COCAINE!!!"
"vintage pooh"
"I just bought my first commissioned painting. [pic]"
"Nice view"
"Sometimes I wonder why I'm not a cheerleader.."
"How I feel reading about Google Fiber."
"Don't know why it makes me mad! But it does!"
"What good people"
"Humanity on display in Japan"
"Parenting Level: WTF"
"My girlfriend keeps getting sexier and my ex got obese."
"Thanks for cancelling classes today Isaac"
"My turn!"
"Well this just makes me feel inadequate.."
"There is an &quot;I&quot; in &quot;TEAM&quot;"
"I can't find any words to describe this"
"In the gay way."
"Original evidence photobomb"
"First time masturbating in over a month..."
"Trying to pee in the morning with a boner."
"Masturbating for the first time in a week [FIXED]"
"Needs More Ketchup..."
"Every time I pour hot sauce on my food"
"Cliffhanger"
"Dog sledding done right"
"I need more of these clones"
"Taste the Rainbow"
"Science vs. Religion explained with bunnies"
"My personal favorite face-swap"
"Nom nom nom"
"Gun Control"
"Bowling."
"Meanwhile  In France..."
"How I feel after my first visit to 4Chan"
"Every time I have a good idea for a post"
"Aaaaaaaaaaand....Fuck!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on Intelligent Design."
"This Changes Everything [X-post From r/Trees]"
"What I think to myself after watching porn."
"Alone in the dark"
"Alone in the dark"
"Alone in the dark."
"Alone in the dark."
"Standards: Slot Machines vs. Electronic Voting Machines"
"I'm gonna do it  I'm gonna do it! WOO ...urgh"
"Tiny octopus"
"Tiny Octopus is awesome!"
"Just a baby octopus"
"What my cat does at night"
"My &quot;sister's&quot; cat has amazing eyes."
"What is a boat wreck?"
"I get wet without even tryin'"
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"Just watering the Octopus NSFW"
"Redditor performs unneeded home surgery on cat and makes a mistake reassembling it  leaving cat only one way to drink....all for his insatiable thirst for karma"
"The only cat related GIF I can respect"
"I'd like to know which type of fries..."
"When you visit r/new for the first time expecting something funny"
"I wish I could get this for my birthday"
"Get out of my way!"
"I'm a bus! I'm a bus! Aww man.."
"Bitch  I do what I want"
"Insensitive Bus"
"The goat made me do it"
"Yuuuuuup"
"Salvador Dali's Sesame Street"
"what you see here is umm yaa.."
"Yes  I will put this right here.."
"I witnessed a kidnapping  also!"
"As an atheist  this is my only 9-11 takeaway. A classic repost that is more appropriate today than ever."
"You son of a bitch!"
"My response when trying to read through a 500+ comment post."
"I must go my people need me!"
"Nightmare Fuel"
"At least some people can admit it."
"That squirrels trying to steal that car!"
"Gomie says it's time to regulate. Mount up."
"Wait... not sure if French or..."
"MIND BLOWN"
"To all those back-to-school kids"
"Gorgeous Maltese Tiger"
"When I'm the only one on the dance floor"
"When no one shows up to my party"
"The feeling of a space heater after a cold morning ride..."
"How's last place treatin' ya now?"
"Train track tunnel made purely out of trees; surreal."
"You'll never go back."
"I present to you...the 3 sheep murder chair."
"Mind = Blown"
"It's a baby walrus. With a moustache. In a bucket."
"Stay classy  Kaz Hirai."
"Ricky Gervais"
"Burns vs Romney-Who said it?"
"You know  for science."
"As a conservative who spends a lot of time on reddit."
"What...but....why?"
"Nothing has blown my mind quite like this case.."
"How I felt at a catholic highschool in my liberal biology teacher's classroom."
"How I felt as a kid watching Bill Nye"
"My irrational childhood fear"
"Jesus Loves Me (C&amp;H)"
"My reaction every time I visit this subreddit"
"I see your Iraqi monopoly  and raise you Jewish monopoly"
"Dust 514 beta is a huge let down. So here's a little happiness."
"Reminds me when I had my first two litter of kittens."
"First thing I thought of when I woke up today  my last day of Summer."
"Earth's location in the observable Universe"
"Scummy mummy"
"Evil Otter is Evil 2012 hq"
"Otter Eating Watermelon - FIXED"
"My face when I drink tequila"
"My Life"
"mad world"
"Working with no dealer or no trees for the summer."
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE"
"After pouring a bowl of cereal and my mom tells me we're out of milk"
"You should get a job."
"My reaction to all of the 4-panel &quot;Hey  did you know?&quot; things I see all over facebook..."
"Oak Alley Plantation. Vacherie  Louisiana."
"Jesus Tap-Dancing Christ!"
"Too much cute"
"The Simpsons Timeline"
"How I feel when someone asks questions at the end of class."
"United States's reaction to 9-11 simplified"
"Grumpy old man"
"Some people don't deserve to have children"
"duck party!"
"How I felt when I doubled my comment karma with one post"
"How I feel when black guys say I can dance [FIXED]"
"Watching an argument."
"The most disturbing thing I have seen all day"
"You'll hear it when you see it"
"A stroll in the park (FIXED)"
"Katjinga  an 8yo Rhodesian ridgeback  adopted an abandoned pot-bellied piglet in August 2009."
"om noms"
"Dis place be BAWLIN!"
"Going to 4chan late at night"
"For the longest time I didn't understand &quot;ent&quot; and then I was talking about LOTR's with a friend and it hit me."
"At the end of inception"
"Cat's saying: Oh so you wish are in here  don't you?"
"Move over  Jimmy  let Rover takeover."
"My holiday card..."
"If Apple made pong"
"Oh shit!"
"Everyday when I come home from work."
"public transportation"
"These &quot;like if you&quot; facebook post are getting more violent."
"PROOF."
"Proof."
"Don't click here or else..."
"When i'm listening to music alone in an elevator."
"Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! You know what that means…"
"Gun Control"
"How the dinosaur extinction really happened"
"Damnit Reddit"
"This is what the elections come down to."
"rain from a plane  rain from a plaaaneeee"
"When I stumble across some porn."
"These kids should be a ruling council."
"I like the way Magnus thinks..."
"Tranquil."
"Soo yeah..."
"Lockheed AC-130 leaving behind flare &quot;Angels of Death&quot;"
"SUP!"
"I would definitely wear this sweater."
"You will never own this  and I'm sorry."
"At First I Thought This Could've Been An Old Taco Bell Advertisment  But No. It's Just WTF?"
"I saw Snape on the 5 Galleon note"
"Just an armful of kittens"
"like nothing happened"
"Well shit... I guess I can't steal this bike..."
"Free bike"
"everytime someone upvotes my post"
"Did this on the bus this morning"
"When I realize I missed my cakeday because of a power outage."
"When I'm in an argument and Reddit tells me 'You are doing that too much. Try again in ** minutes'.."
"After all these years this book still makes me laugh."
"what ya readin?"
"&quot;Keep on Dancing til the World Ends&quot; (xpost from r/AbandonedPorn)"
"Well that Rammstein concert went off without a hitch!!"
"i think you got him"
"At the National Gallery of Art Yesterday  Haters Gonna Hate"
"good Cat"
"Cat irritated by Bieber"
"Mindblowing Shadow  Mount Rainier  WA [3968x2232]"
"Seems Legit...."
"How this fellow feels about losing a limb."
"Oh  it's my cake day?"
"Getting a poor QA score after submitting my 2 weeks notice at a call center..."
"Me after receiving a poor QA score at a call center after my 2 weeks notice has been submitted."
"HIFW &quot;My password is too easy to guess&quot;"
"How I feel pouring my heart into posts  only to get downvoted to oblivion."
"Porn (SFW)"
"Nigel Hamsterberry"
"It's not a cat  but  I thought this was pretty darn cute!!"
"So someone sent me a pic with instanope today..."
"Got teddy..."
"Fuck Gravity."
"Hey honey  I got tickets to the race again. You know what that means?"
"3"
"TF2 in a nutshell."
"Best food gif ever!"
"This baby goat is a real asshole."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"I think this might be a hate crime."
"Impossible..."
"Crafting a glass horse"
"How I imagine everyone acts when an upvote is given."
"I chose a random roommate at college  and he's not a dick."
"Me when the guy I'm trying to avoid cancels because he's sick"
"When I see free samples at Costco"
"WE TRIPPY MANE"
"I think he saw some chicken"
"DAT'S WUTS UP."
"How i feel watching Justin Bieber fans and One Direction fans fight on youtube"
"Do you care?"
"BMW Ad win"
"Ban life jackets..."
"This is insane..!"
"surfing on the water"
"My favorite thing about October"
"&quot;Vicious&quot; Bear Attack. Found in r/funny  thought it belonged here."
"How I feel when the ball in brick breaker causes me to miss a power-up."
"Dating in a nutshell [Fixed] [Fixed]"
"Some time's ill just stare at it..."
"Quickly  F5 is our only option!"
"Girl learns to toss dad around at a young age"
"Best medicine...."
"How I feel watching Chick-fil-A go down in flames"
"When my I do something and that kid I hate gets in trouble for it"
"Mr WTF?"
"Water Drops"
"I fucking LOVE baths."
"overly manly man and ron swanson. yes."
"Do it for the family"
"Good day sir."
"Good day to you  sir!"
"Just shake it off son."
"Avengers Assemble!"
"Going out in public after a sesh"
"Every time I try to make it to the front page...(Fixed)"
"When I'm feeling hungry"
"1998: Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office"
"*Boop*"
"Cats vs Dogs: A Gif Set (14 Gifs)"
"Hey dog  i'm gonna boop your nose."
"Drop it like its hot."
"A home run(xpost from gifs)"
"Clever girl"
"Mean Girls hits the (hair) on the head"
"Definitely acid."
"I could watch this for hours..."
"This is definitely my favorite Jersey Shore gif."
"Walter White &amp; Ned Flanders Mashup"
"Falcooooon PUNCH! (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Show me your moves!"
"FAAAALCOON...!"
"Perspective"
"I think I'll just leave this here..."
"Bloom"
"After I &quot;fix&quot; my Dad's computer by simply removing the spamware."
"Just Pigs Swimming"
"now i feel slow"
"the game is playing itself"
"Selfish white people"
"You should not ignore warning signs"
"Is this how Karma works ?"
"Subscribed today  had a good song and spent and hour looking for the right gif."
"One of those gold necklaces with the t on it [x-post from r/arresteddevelopment]"
"Looking for a &quot;T&quot; necklace."
"How to answer 90% of r/askreddit [FIXED]"
"Curing cancer in the Pokemon world"
"[NSFM] Ramen like a boss!!"
"Seriously a mystery"
"The Ginger Bread Man"
"Happy Birthday Freddie  we miss you."
"Don't look at explosions"
"Pretty much how I felt watching this movie..."
"Reddit  having no luck with my paintings  should I keep going or give up and go into politics full time?"
"Stepping Stones"
"one of my favorite comics to this day."
"I see your calving &amp; hobbes background and raise you mine: religion in a nutshell"
"Cat vs Dog"
"Cat owners beware"
"Dora the Explorer"
"I'm just sayin."
"Damn straight."
"Every day in class..."
"Walking into Lowes (xpost from r/pandr)"
"MLK was a sharpshooter"
"Sgt. Jason Pacheco  USMC SS - Imgur"
"Found a hipster"
"My friend caught this guy/boss on the train today"
"As a child  nothing else has ever made me cringe more than any other time in my entire god damn life"
"After all these years  i still cringe at this..."
"How people are responding to this business with Hostess today."
"Making it to the front page"
"Realizing the 1 yr wait for Cake Day resulted in very little karma"
"Bad Ass Bird"
"The top gear lads..."
"A $13 Million dollar bank statement found in a cafe with a motivational message."
"beep beep"
"lego vs hot coals"
"What will happen in the next hundred years (from the early 20th century)? X-post from r/pics"
"[nsfw] how does she do that?"
"I have the same problem with my beer"
"Anyone religious is just as atheist as me. Best explanation."
"How I feel now that football is back"
"Waking up early on days off knowing I have not a single thing to do."
"When I noticed my karma tripled overnight(to 43)."
"My new car alarm."
"No thanks  I'm fine... Really."
"How i feel at my new job"
"How I feel posting to Reddit at work."
"This is my weekend..."
"x-post from r/wtf (I think it belongs on r/aww much more)"
"Well it's not exactly poetic justice  is it?"
"Forever A Virgin"
"Anytime I have pins left standing while bowling"
"What your puppy does when you're not home. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Fuck the police"
"GOTTA GO FAST!"
"planned parenthood david blaine style."
"So that's how babies are born!? (NSFW?? Maybe?)"
"Ah  Yes  that trick!"
"That Smile"
"Stop!"
"The one thing I can't do after opening a can of Pringles"
"Me when im in the mood  and my girlfriend isnt"
"Found him..."
"This always gets me"
"Made this Nic Cafe shirt and thought redsit might approve:) unsure if this is the right place to post this."
"True love"
"Reddit...Reddit everywere"
"There are no words."
"How I feel when I see &quot;comment score below threshold.&quot;"
"When I spot a facebook fight.."
"When I see a youtube video on the front page."
"This is exactly how I feel on facebook"
"What happens to a typical redditor....."
"Searched for 'Fuck that reddit' in Google  and this came up!"
"Remember..."
"Always Remember..."
"Can you guess his rank?"
"The real Captain Obvious"
"Yes  we get it  you're rich"
"But seriously"
"Whenever I see a Facebook screen cap argument on this subreddit."
"Mispronouncing a word in a foreign language"
"Then I look at their suggestion"
"Depression"
"Why  just why"
"Sadly.. many of us find this true"
"You're... not quite a wizard."
"Vortex - Vortex created by an aircraft's wing revealed by red smoke"
"Red smoke used to demonstrate wingtip vortices"
"Too obvious?"
"1 2 3 4 5 .... ready or not here I come!"
"Two-year-old chimpanzee feeds milk to a 60-day-old tiger cub."
"I just realized this chimp is wearing jorts (jean shorts)"
"Drink up little buddy!"
"Monkey feeding baby tiger"
"When you give the right answer but the teacher doesn't hear you  so some bitch steals it from you and the teacher praises them"
"Why?"
"All I could muster when a kid said this during a presentation in class: &quot;In Pais Vasco(Basque Country  Spain) they speak Gaelic(Irish) which is a mixture of Spanish and Portugese.&quot;"
"All I could muster when a kid said this during a presentation in class: &quot;In Pais Vasco(Basque Country  Spain) they speak Gaelic(Irish) which is a mixture of Spanish and Portugese.&quot;"
"As a redditor  how I feel when someone posts that &quot;Nathon Fillion can't respond&quot; gif because they think it makes them seem witty"
"My reaction to this weekend's terrible posts. They are bad even for a weekend."
"When people find a lot more meaning in my posts than I intended"
"It's not rocket Science . . ."
"YOLO"
"Man over board!"
"Zombie Kitten"
"When I have diarrhea in a public place"
"C'mon society  really?"
"Superheroes are real"
"Just saw this on my news feed."
"This is maybe"
"After Finals are done..."
"How I look when drunk at a party"
"Party Hard!"
"Time to party."
"what the hell is going on"
"So do I"
"Just got one-shotted?"
"Damn it  Harry"
"So we're obsessed with a picture of a girl with a pushup bra and a low cut shirt. What the fuck am I missing that makes this so special?"
"I want to meet this guy."
"DAT ASS"
"When you've worked hard and succeeded"
"Meanwhile in r/science"
"HIFW I go to a wedding stag and seal the deal with the Maid of Honor (the bride's sister)"
"Great  now I have to know she exists...."
"Happen to see this in my fb feed today... BIG COLA."
"I don't even [NSFW]"
"My favorite WTF .GIF of 2012"
"I had my first final today."
"Truly WTF worthy"
"Rex"
"Pregnant girlfriend spelling fail"
"Pedobear has some competition."
"My reaction to iFunny."
"Looking at my early posts"
"This may one day help you save someone's life."
"Happy Birthday Lincoln"
"Dramatic Alpaca"
"When you hear your ex is going to be there."
"When I hear my name mentioned nearby.."
"Whenever the female athletics events are shown."
"Tell me more."
"My Face Each Morning During Allergy Season"
"Every time I visit the comment section"
"On October 3rd  he asked me what day it was."
"noOOoo!!"
"STAR FOX IS DOWN. NNOOOOOO!!"
"How I turn on the ladies on the dance floor"
"They see me (t)rollin'  they hatin'"
"Company Picnic Today  Water Pong is one of our games. My friend is prepared."
"Bitches..."
"Why don't you take a picture..."
"While my friend poses for a photo"
"The Pearl Waterfall"
"Would anyone else like to see a sequel to this game?"
"Ninja Mouse"
"Don't eat me bro!"
"When I downvote a post with 0 upvotes"
"Just a baby pygmy hippo snacking on some lettuce"
"Sleeeeeepy"
"Sheikh it  baby!"
"I'll save you!"
"Sniper! Get Down!"
"Oh  he's tho dead cold my thongue has thuck thu him..."
"Son  it's about time to tell you about sex"
"Well it's my Reddit birthday. I don't own a cat. So here's how I feel when I submit something and you guys downvote it"
"How it feels to post original content and getting down votes"
"start me up"
"This is unusually satisfying to watch"
"High man and his koala"
"I say."
"They won't suspect a thing"
"The best disguise."
"There's their mom's browsers  they're ridiculous"
"Everyone call the Texas School Board!"
"SFW but I still feel dirty. Can anyone explain this?"
"Bumpy road ahead"
"I witnessed one of my college classmates say this today- &quot;I don't think To Kill A Mockingbird should be read in schools any more. Slavery is over. The book isn't relevant any more.&quot;"
"Found this on facebook today..."
"How I feel when I realize I'm a good 10+ years older than most of you college kids."
"Genius T-shirt idea"
"World War 1"
"WW1 History Lesson [Repost]"
"All answers are correct..."
"Got a chuckle out of this"
"Abandoned library"
"A Night at the Roxbury"
"Cat's mirror world"
"Head Shot."
"LEMME SEE YOUR WAR FACE (xpost from r/gifs)"
"My new job on a river has a duty called &quot;spider patrol&quot;"
"That moment when I realize yesterday was my cakeday and I forgot to post anything"
"HIFW I realized I friendzoned myself."
"Steampunk Lookin' Typewriter."
"Close Call.."
"Newest member of Wu-Tang"
"Im black and this is how i react when white friends ask me to teach them to dougie"
"I just had to"
"I don't think his date could find the table"
"That ain't champagne."
"Bear Grylls Forever Alone"
"&quot;My dog found a dying calf  and my family brought him back from the brink.&quot; ...Six months later"
"It gets me everytime"
"As a Chinese speaker I find this offensive  but I laugh every damn time."
"'Mo Bounce to the debate..."
"What's your flavour?"
"Post-it note"
"Unfortunate Children (because kids getting hurt is funny)"
"what do you mean the easter bunny isnt real?"
"Thought you guys might be able to use this sad bunny"
"Hardcore Red Ranger"
"The first time I smoked trees"
"Something Dirty"
"This remains my favorite picture on the Internet."
"Deer god"
"Dire  Dire Docks"
"Bacon taco shell."
"The Australians Were Here"
"A shark after spending years being a shark [x-post from /r/wallpapers]"
"The Angora Rabbit"
"Bird"
"goodnight"
"Chill the fuck out about the ice soap"
"How I feel right after writing a &quot;Truth Is&quot; status on Facebook"
"America Personified"
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA"
"If SOPA is Defeated..."
"How I felt reaching 1000 comment karma with a Zoolander 'for ants' comment."
"Why eyebrows are so important."
"Do do do do do"
"All I need to do now is buy 10 ties."
"Defiance"
"America"
"Slide to unlock"
"happy dog"
"Best K-hole image NSFW"
"Shining Tin Man"
"Uhm okay."
"¿Haven't you heard?"
"Jesus has big balls."
"Angry bird boat is angry."
"My boss is out of town until next week. This picture will sum up my week."
"Every time I play Tetris..."
"Reddit's most misquoted line"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [FIXED]"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks since 1998"
"New way to Manscape"
"Best Humor in any Game to Date"
"This is a game that needs to be updated."
"Just going to leave this here"
"surprised Prince"
"Java Updates"
"He has a point..."
"Sir... there is a bomb in this ball... and it will detonate if it hits the ground..."
"Wtf Nicholas Cage"
"Fuck Everything"
"Driving down road when..."
"Hands Up"
"Boarding from the 60's (X-Post from r/pics)"
"Man Skateboarding in the '60's (x-post from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"I don't need to sleep anyways."
"Looks legit"
"So I was looking for a new hair style today and stumbled upon this..."
"How I feel as a european reading about the behavior of US Cops and the elections"
"My reaction to reading theblaze.com comments/articles"
"Letting my friend show me tumblr after 10 months on Reddit."
"Reddit  wtf is that? SFW"
"The world's most terrible things  all compiled into one domination based sex movie."
"Reddits nightmare [fixed]"
"Courage does not mean they weren't scared  it means they went in anyway"
"Strangest painting ever? I don't even..."
"Tea-Rex"
"All too familiar..."
"Best.Cosplay.Ever. (QWOP)"
"Today I learned that I passed my Calculus class by one point."
"How I felt going to Prom alone last night"
"Shove off Harry."
"Wear Your Seatbelt!"
"O .... Oh.... Hey say cheeeeeeeeez!"
"Zero fucks given. Back to work!"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Mountain Biker"
"Meow - RAWWR...!"
"pika pikaaa"
"Here is a picture of a kitten  disguised as a pikachu!"
"Meow Monster"
"No Karma points today?"
"When someone tries to tease me saying &quot;Happy Cinco De Mayo&quot; when it's my birthday"
"Probably the strangest thing I've seen in awhile."
"This popped up on my FB newsfeed"
"Just take it easy  buddy!"
"Still one of my favorite gifs"
"First Day on the Internet Man completing a Maze"
"Just a picture of a retarded lion."
"That's not a compliment..."
"Lock Up Your Daughters! A young boy accepts a trophy at the third annual Malmesbury Abbey Skate Competition."
"Damn you Trix Rabbit..."
"Photobombed by Jesus [X-post from r/funny]"
"Don't eat me..."
"I've been staring at this for 10 mins. May I present to you  a skew axis enveloping gear."
"Darth Vader giving a piggyback to Freddy Mercury. Upvotes to the left"
"Only one can pull this off"
"And you thought the Freddy Mercury pose couldn't get any better. Pft. You were wrong."
"That clueless smug look just made me laugh even more."
"no fap september just got real"
"Well... this is terrifying."
"Fapping in the..."
"I think about this picture everytime I hear something that make my ears bleed"
"My face when I visited /r/NSFL."
"Decided to finally see what /r/spacedicks actually is..."
"The feeling I get when I open a NSFW link from r/WTF."
"redditopoly"
"I think this takes the cake."
"Paul Ryan Working Out"
"How I feel trying to do a timed flag return in pubs"
"Possibly the most comforting chair for men"
"Me when I get home at night after leaving the windows open."
"It's just too cute!"
"HAHA"
"How I feel when I win a game of scrabble against my older and smarter brother."
"Boy.....that escalated quickly."
"Keep out"
"Only the lucky gamers get those jobs."
"On the first day of christmas  the chiefs gave to me"
"Wait what?"
"This is quite possibly my favorite gif  enjoy."
"Fish Flops!"
"Opening the fridge everyday"
"How to cook on a log"
"The more I watch  the more confused I get."
"Time For Tickles"
"Found this on imgur and I thought I should post it to r/aww"
"Just finished Half-Life 2 ep 2...this sums up my reaction."
"Obama plays the 'bone"
"Neil Armstrong  Neal Stephenson  and Neil Gaiman(from Gaiman's blog)"
"Neal Stephenson  Neil Armstrong  Neil Gaiman(from Gaiman's blog)"
"Abortion (SFW)"
"Death From Above!"
"Cunning Ruse"
"Run  kitty  run!"
"As a grown man  this is how I react after spraying air freshener in a bathroom"
"When the teacher says:&quot;You have a test tomorrow&quot;"
"When I noticed my throwaway account got more Karma on my Cakeday"
"My buddy posted this on FB"
"Wat do"
"Taunting"
"I love mortars"
"I cannot unsee the resemblance..."
"Geology humor"
"I heard Reddit prefers when we post some [OC]"
"Fuck stumbling upon this on acid! [x-post from /pics]"
"MY Girlfriend [FIXED]"
"Hostess is going out of business..."
"Damn  White Man fuckin' up"
"Where white man went wrong"
"As a 25/ f  my feelings on no shave November and all of its endless posts."
"No one is turned away on &quot;Family Pet Photo&quot; day."
"Flanderps"
"Shit happens"
"Socially Awesome Penguin meets a seal."
"SAP at his finest"
"Goodbye  friend."
"I'm gonna reference this video to TF2 because it has hats in it!"
"I see your defensive cat  and raise you caring cat."
"After several failed posts.."
"LED Zeppelin"
"He loves his job"
"When I can see the underwear on the girl sitting in front of me in class"
"Suddenly .... a horse"
"I did not see that coming"
"Sounds like an average day to me"
"Realization..."
"I feel pretty"
"Beastie Bucket Head"
"Every comment in /r/gonewild"
"My thoughts exactly  Words With Friends."
"waiting for a girl I like to text me back..."
"can't look away...just keeps getting funnier"
"Cool Starry Bra..."
"So I was at the clothing store and they sold things."
"Makes me laugh everytime."
"He's a genius"
"First time attempt  I thought it would work"
"Low ridin' steed"
"Rocking Horse"
"I just introduced my co-workers to reddit/imgur  this is all they say to me now..."
"Horny Pirate's worst nightmare"
"If I fits I sits"
"Port Isaac  England"
"Swag original."
"Nazi Chimp for you."
"I need this"
"lol @ Genesis"
"One of the many contradictions of the bible."
"Bible lol"
"Paranormal Activikitty"
"Anyone else in the US Army will find this to be all too true"
"Fun with Statues!"
"When you're the only one who notices something out of the ordinary"
"Gangsta Turtle"
"So true... (worker peons will understand)"
"Oh how things have changed..."
"Milk whore"
"the greatest of all reposts"
"gutter mouth"
"Happy Birthday  Les Stroud"
"I tried making another ice shower joke  this is what I must have been doing..."
"Encyclopedia of horrors from wheredidthesodago"
"Streamlining removes confusion"
"This is one of my favorite knitting cartoons. What are some of yours?"
"How I play guitar when my cat is in the room."
"It works so well!"
"I'm Sorry"
"Progress"
"Me developing a game."
"As the graveyard shift security guard at a luxury condo  this is what I look like to tenants at 5am."
"Bitch  you paid for them"
"Spongebob doesn't go there! [pic]"
"The way Michelangelo wanted to paint it..."
"There's something wrong here  but I just can't put my finger on it"
"The view down Dragon Falls  Venezuela"
"Dragon falls"
"&quot;It looks like a what?!&quot;"
"Dammit woman would you get off my back"
"Halloween pumpkins cousin"
"Oh No! She's coming back with a knife!"
"smoke grenades"
"Dad breaks it down."
"How I feel picking up girls at inappropriate places"
"Interior Crocodile Alligator"
"mayonnaise is pretty awesome[r]."
"Soo i googled reddit. I am satisfied."
"This is fucking genius."
"Here's my gift to you  Reddit. Hold up your hands in front of your screen please."
"How I feel on payday"
"this never fails to brighten my day"
"There's no point in ever taking another roller coaster picture again  because this is the best."
"The main reason it takes me forever in the bathroom. Then and Now."
"My initial reaction to Obama's AMA"
"Because cats"
"The only real use for little kittens"
"&quot;Choose&quot; your own adventure!"
"Really? Seriously?"
"You in particular"
"Won't you be my neighbor?...on Elm Street?"
"It's a beautiful day for a nightmare..."
"Silly Cee Lo"
"Zombie water mouse [NSFU]"
"Googled &quot;instant karma for reddit&quot; I did good?"
"I don't want any of this candy."
"For I did not speak of my own accord..."
"shit just got real"
"How we both deal with breakups"
"How We Deal With Breakups"
"Broken back gymnast"
"So that's why my fingers feel wet..."
"Staring Deer"
"Oh deer god."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Why is this candy machine so F*@#%&amp;! loud?"
"When somebody posts a video to reddit."
"To you guys linking videos in r/funny..."
"When a frozen food suggests conventional oven cooking over microwaving (X-post from r/gifs)"
"I had a really good idea today.[Fixed]"
"Cake day and midterms on the same day..."
"Saw this on r/Imgoingtohellforthis and kind of reminded me of you guys  even though it's a bit morbid...and strangely dwarfy!"
"Thanks  Fred!!!"
"We all need to be aware..."
"How I feel when I have a great idea and find it posted already"
"Trololol"
"no"
"poop"
"to this day  my favorite .gif"
"Punk-ass pole!"
"printer not working"
"A little bit silly"
"hungry"
"My cousin being eaten by a camel"
