"What r/AskReddit did to me when I asked something about 9gag."
"Sitting as a /new knight of /r/gaming seeing all the insanely twisted shadow planet flash sale posts."
"This is incredible; note how the faces look before you stare at the center of the image"
"Star Spangled Banner: Sporting Event Version"
"I found the first r/Gonewild post my dad posted. He's a weird dude."
"Man loses his penis after consuming giraffe semen! [NSFW] [NSFL] (Gore)"
"Oh  fat people....[GIF]"
"Oh Hey!"
"Wedding rings with the sound waveform of the couple’s voices saying “I do”"
"Forever a tourist alone"
"Asians..."
"Poor Peter Parker"
"Hey don't feel bad  it's my favorite too."
"Cheesus has been found!"
"I don't know if I'd be able to resist pushing this over"
"So bad that it's awesome"
"Hulk"
"Ah  the joys of forever alone..."
"Remember these?"
"electro gypsy..."
"RAWWWWRRRRUUHhhhh oh"
"Wow is the only word to describe this"
"An extinct drinkform."
"Teach me in the ways of a Cosby"
"The Jello Wiggle"
"He is one with the pudding."
"How I feel when the gif does not match the tittle of the post."
"Scumbag Edward"
"Road Rage Cat"
"Canadian attempt at &quot;Junk-In-Da-Truuunk&quot;..."
"so i heard a new deadpool game was coming out"
"Snake"
"Its this beautiful mans birthday in 3 hours"
"but why?"
"It wasn't me!"
"Can I has some free karma?"
"This cat love sex LOL"
"Stop that!"
"Even if it's true  you just don't say shit like that."
"Favorite GIF of all time"
"I laughed at this for a good few minutes"
"How my first post on reddit went..."
"The saddest story you will ever read..."
"Calvin and Susie"
"Went to a drive through then hit slow traffic  my reaction"
"Oh. . . you Bill Gates."
"My reaction to being spotted while in my TD"
"Me after the enemy team aced us when I accidentally pulled in their amumu as blitzcrank."
"Ironic  ain't it?"
"The future  if we don't stop it!"
"WELP. We knew this would happen one day."
"Beautiful picture. Just not sure what I'm looking at.."
"This is So Sad and Beautiful – Imaginary Friends [COMIC]"
"Got an A on my test and didn't study"
"I love Brasil"
"&quot;Not bad&quot; Michelle Obama"
"Don't mess with pigeons"
"Made me feel nice  hope it does the same for you too. (can also be considered funny or something else)"
"I know you're busy..."
"I found this on Facebook  which was found in a newspaper."
"I want one"
"Soda-Pressing"
"Palpable contentment."
"I don't trust people who don't drink."
"Oprah loves her Surface..."
"Oprah Winfrey really likes her Microsoft surface."
"expressing a controversial opinion on Reddit"
"I feel so sorry for this kid"
"Every post i make on reddit"
"A day in the life of a Mandalorian bounty hunter: A photo story"
"Autocorrect gets sassy..."
"I leave the room for five minutes and this is what my friends do."
"I have horrible friends."
"Look both ways when you cross the road (close call)"
"This surely hasn't been reposted in a chwile."
"When someone asks me if I saw the President's AMA"
"Bee careful  it's dangerous out there!"
"bees are awesome creatures"
"Bee fails to make the landing"
"Ninja .1000....."
"Not a fursuit"
"The Shuttle silently stalks its prey"
"A normal picture with a not so normal background."
"Not a single fuck"
"Natural ability"
"TIL ostriches are fucking pros at snowboarding"
"Please msnbc  no one cares about th... WTF!!??"
"Wtf is going up on there in Canada [x-post from /r Funny]"
"How to give a perfect 'Wet Willy'"
"How I felt when I saw that my ex-bf  whom I date for nearly two years  is now engaged to his gf of two months."
"some years after global warming.."
"Conserve Energy....doing it right?"
"Smells like an overstated sense of importance"
"Smoking Kills"
"Because tobacco will kill you motherfucker!"
"Cigarettes Kill"
"This should be an SNL skit  not real politics."
"What I imagine my cat thinks when I tell him to stop picking my couch."
"Every time I try to start a Spiderman thread."
"So..."
"Kary Byron grinding a snake"
"Are you good without God?"
"Cuteness in a box."
"If I fits I sits"
"This made me bust up. Runs Central"
"Neither please."
"All the ladies want him."
"All the ladies love Jack"
"So...Random imgur"
"Don't believe this is from a real children's book. Prove me wrong."
"Getting ready for this Hurricane"
"How I feel every time I open a bible belt link..."
"Against hunting but still eat meat?"
"My thoughts on all &quot;God&quot; Pictures on FB"
"Haunting."
"Beneath."
"Oh  hello!"
"Google burn!"
"so many questions"
"An Ant's Strength"
"Keep on rolling..."
"Parenting--you're doing it wrong"
"Thanks Tosh for the update  saw this on Reddit 4 days ago"
"Talking about someone  and then they walk by..."
"Just Michael Jackson  vodka  and two midgets."
"This actually happened."
"That explain why I always have a cold"
"Dad of the Year"
"Good Times"
"I'm still alive!"
"Yeah! I'm still alive!"
"MFW: Top comment disproves the legitimacy of a post"
"Justice"
"im not sure if this is a repost hope not but i thought it was funny"
"Just saw this in my Facebook feed ... holy.freaking.crap. I think this calls for a deletion."
"Theological Hall of the Strahov Monastery Library in Prague [1540x1027]"
"Moses you stupid cunt."
"Won't follow instructions ..."
"Thanks for sharing"
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks this"
"this is the worst feeling a human could possibly feel."
"Underground"
"This Guy vs Kristen Stewart"
"I have a hunch that this just might be photoshopped."
"I Google image searched &quot;Social Network Vertical&quot;"
"My thoughts exactly."
"Like this dog  I am not a morning person."
"Fog rolling through Dubai"
"Police and rioters come together to help fat man from chestburster"
"Well  now I feel like shit..."
"Girl with a Pearl Earring 2012 (Cross-Post from /r/pics)"
"it's hurting my mind"
"And not a single fuck was given."
"Such great friends!"
"...thank you  so's your American. (x/post r/formula1)"
"I get the feeling that a redditor was involved"
"Reddit's Worst Nightmare"
"Seems reasonable."
"The tale of Tiny Hippo"
"tiny hippo"
"Just a hedgehog taking a bath..."
"Chuck Norris unknown facts"
"the only thing I do when my friends talk about chuck norris is show them this picture."
"GIVE IT TO ME"
"RESISTANCE IS FUTILE PIGLET"
"These girls do not fuck around when it comes to wrangling a pig. WTF"
"My reaction when I get 3 upvotes"
"Heheheheh.....WTF"
"How I feel when I get upvotes"
"Not sure what to call this"
"I love this gif! (Avatar from a user at nordic-t.me)"
"How I felt at the end of my little brother's class recorder recital"
"So my friend hatched ducks this week..."
"My attempt to get my fat cat to move"
"The east coast right now."
"Man vs. Woman"
"How times have changed!"
"Sounds delicious!"
"McDonalds fuck up again..."
"I've made a huge mistake"
"Justin Bieber broke up with Selena Gomez for a Victoria's Secret model"
"It must've been really hot"
"Streaker at Texas Tech vs West Virginia game"
"Drive-In... Kinda."
"How i feel when a predator missile goes out. Me. Ever. Time."
"This will always be my all-time favorite gif."
"We got a martyr over here! [FIXED]"
"drop it like its hot"
"Figured id give the GIF and sound making a shot. Enjoy."
"Snoop Doggy God"
"Prophet Like Its hot"
"Sleeping wales"
"Oh Watermelon!"
"Oh Watermelon.."
"Woah there sonny  this is my sled asshole..."
"White People."
"The best thing about being a parent"
"My new favorite gif"
"Wipeception"
"When you ride ALONE you ride with Hitler!"
"20  please."
"How to make a baby (SFW)"
"This just made my day pretty horrible."
"How I feel looking out the window at night"
"Gorilla mom disapproves"
"Racist black mother won't let her child play with the white kids. (X-post from r/imgoingtohellforthis)"
"What I feel like after not going on reddit for a day"
"Stand back mate  this is dangerous"
"Recently out of a 7 year relationship..this is one of the only things that's made me laugh since"
"What a brilliant idea"
"This is what you look like right now"
"12 Baby Pandas in a crib"
"Why?"
"No.. Just go die!"
"Hey bro  check out this cool trick"
"Mona Lisa - 2012 (with IKEA Monkey)"
"Mona Lisa 2013"
"Identifying Wood"
"Just found out my ex girl is now pregnant by my now ex best friend."
"Sorry Guys  if there's a fire we're all just gonna die  ok?"
"Thumbtack anal (NSFW)"
"When I'm not in the mood of an arguement"
"The sound makes all the difference..."
"Hangover Cat"
"Bone cancer in a skull"
"When my co-worker told me he disabled his auto correct..."
"Hubble Goes to the eXtreme to Assemble Farthest-Ever View of the Universe"
"Fully submerged hotel concept"
"White power?"
"its not midnight?"
"Narwhal bacon"
"Would you like jelly or..."
"Thanks...-cough-asshole-cough-"
"Taste Buds"
"Happy Birthday John! He would have been 72 today."
"How is the rest of this porn like?"
"The proper use of the NSFW tag..."
"Anyone seen Marty today?"
"/r/pics mods removed a post that followed all the rules because people wanted to donate to a man suffering from cancer - this is my message to the mods"
"My girlfriend just broke up with me  this was my response when she asked what I'm going to do now."
"Today  I got suspended from school and my principle asked me what I was going to do for the next 3 days. The answer was too easy."
"Does anyone live by this rule? Is it true?"
"You seem to be confused..."
"And not one single fuck was given.."
"I hear hanging from a cliff is popular"
"Found this lil' bunny underneath my house. He was so cute that the gf and I decided to take him in and clean him up. Reddit  here is bath time for Hoppers!"
"I think he missed a spot."
"I think he missed a spot."
"How I felt when I broke 1000 link karma."
"A very accurate pie chart."
"Neo Sheen (x-post from /r/vertical)"
"Lady and the Tramp"
"Caught my parents having sex today..."
"Spacedicks. Enough said."
"My reaction to my first 12 karma"
"Me upon discovering my entire submission's comments have been downvoted"
"Drinking Board Game[Memes]"
"Bitch slap the pussies"
"Freckles"
"Like a blind man looking in a black room."
"Jabba:1 Christians:0 Atheists:0 Solo:0 I think we all can agree."
"The results of a light snowfall and a sunny afternoon..."
"Snow shadow."
"Just a check up."
"How I comfort my friends - Imgur"
"My friend's cat and Ravioli"
"She likes to be fed."
"Just enjoying the view parked at the beach"
"what was that?"
"Don't worry! They're faux!"
"Pugs are so ugly that they're cute"
"Douchbags  meet your god [Fixed]"
"So i'm looking to get a weasel as a pet"
"Just found this. Some bastard painted her..."
"10 points!"
"When I realize the Tom Hanks Podcast Invitation was submitted by Chris Hardwick  and not a random Podcaster"
"When I realize the Tom Hanks Podcast Invitation was submitted by Chris Hardwick  and not a random Podcaster"
"To hell with the debates!"
"this is how all presidential debates should be handled"
"this is how all presidential debates should be handled"
"How I feel at 5 P.M. every single day haha"
"been studying all day and this is how i feel"
"EVERYday at quitting time..."
"My friend texted me this"
"Spider cat!"
"I was trying to get myself a picture of Anne Hathaway's boobs after watching DKR  so I googled her name. Erection gone [cross-post from /funny]"
"Why?"
"Whatcha lookin' at?"
"Here have an upvote (xpost from /r/funny)"
"It's kind of weird when people I know recognize me on reddit."
"In light of pending Zombie Apocalypse  I present Zombie Playground..."
"UGGHHH this nearly made me throw up"
"Wow... I don't even..."
"This is the worst thing I've laughed at recently"
"FINISH HER! (NSFW)"
"I don't even..."
"Oh internet..."
"Looking for a new career with scary/slightly angry cgi babies?"
"When you realize that you've lost an argument"
"T-Rex with a Mini-Gun! (pic)"
"Photoshop Troll"
"Best tasting beer"
"Baby Dingo"
"Listening to Kamelot"
"What it feels like when I try to learn the constellations."
"Constellations"
"How I feel while eating during a shift in my schools computer labs."
"rawr"
"RAWR!"
"I'm watching you fap..."
"Tattooed Beauty (Old photo  but it never gets old) [NSFW]"
"How I feel when downvoting somebody I had upvoted in the past"
"Bear keeps rollin"
"Update: Haven't been in my kitchen for about 2 hours now because of this fucker."
"Catitude"
"Beautiful shuttle launch photo"
"I believe there has been some kind of mistake"
"Dog Logic"
"SAIL at Mach 1"
"I always hate it when this happens."
"Just a dog doing a back-flip"
"Just a dog doing a back-flip"
"Fish vs. Kid"
"It's strangely mesmerising"
"Chick Magnet"
"Come with me. I can show you the world..."
"Hits Puberty and Becomes More Attractive  Still Has Bad Luck"
"So THAT'S how it's made!"
"Fortune Cookie Advice"
"My brain just can't stand this amount of cuteness.I think I will explode."
"Mary - elderly and keeping it real."
"How to draw an owl"
"How to draw an owl"
"Real Life Hipster Hitler"
"Alyx's keyboard."
"What snake venom does to blood [gif]"
"What snake venom does to blood."
"I have no idea why I laughed so hard at this"
"The President of the United States of America (Fixed)"
"Real life Scooby Doo"
"This is what happens when I get too confident for exams."
"Me reading the countless political facebook posts last night"
"Kitty!"
"just and adorable animal"
"So cute I almost cried .-."
"Support gay marriage?"
"Support gay marriage?"
"Support gay mariage?"
"Seems legit."
"How do you make a kitty even cuter?"
"When you see it.."
"My right hand is also Bae..."
"Meanwhile in Scotland...."
"When you use it wrong  me and I get mad..."
"After being caught for the third time in far cry 3 this dawned on me"
"How I just felt (as a new redditor and a Canadian)  when I down voted something for the 1st time..."
"I'm a lover  not a hater"
"lol! he hit him and then he hug him because he feel bad!"
"The fuck was that?"
"Me as a non-english speaker browsing pirate reddit"
"More than likely my favorite gif of all time"
"When I accidentally skip an episode of Lost on netflix"
"Wilford Brimley or a cat licking itself  I can't tell"
"This one still gets me every time."
"They said I could be anything..."
"Universe closed. Use rainbow."
"if you say so mr. sign..."
"How I feel after getting layed off from work today"
"How half of you get your karma."
"I swear this is how half of you get your karma [Fixed]"
"Just got a new phone number. How I feel going through my contacts to see who gets it."
"How I Feel Voting in the New Section"
"my reaction to reposts"
"How i feel finally reaching 100 karma today"
"Baby elephant!"
"What's taters  precious?"
"A Tampon USB"
"The new KKK?"
"James Holmes is actually a Muppet. (x-post from r/funny)"
"How I felt when I got my first upvote"
"I don't know why I thought of this song when I saw this gif."
"You light that pipe!"
"ARISE MY MINIONS! [NSFW]"
"Dear Reddit  when they invade Italy  please know that the people of the U.S. are not like this and most of us hate these people. Thank you  have a nice day!"
"youth of today"
"Chicks warming each other"
"Look at these women right side up  oh God..."
"Women=Problems"
"Police Notes"
"Official M&amp;M at the USA embassy in Ottawa."
"Every time I eat plain yogurt thinking it's vanilla..."
"Stumbled across this today..."
"Supercat"
"Fruit Ninja Level: Cat"
"Funny dog"
"Got a light?"
"Free Hand Jobs (SFW)"
"This WILL fucking give me nightmares. What is this from?"
"Ring ring"
"The dog that started it all (stolen from /r/funny)"
"Hitler DOTA"
"A literal snapshot of evolution. (xpost from r/atheism)"
"My friend went fishing and found a missing link in fish and crustaceans. Your move creationist."
"Semen Demon"
"For my reddit birthday I would like this Assassin's Creed to come"
"Good heavens I live this gif. It's perfect."
"For some reason I don't remember this from my youth..."
"Just a baby chinchilla being fed."
"A baby chinchilla drinking milk."
"Just had to be done...."
"He ate way too much spinach"
"Something is not right with this photo... can't quite put my finger on it..."
"I took away my kittens favorite toy to fix it  then this happened"
"Murica!"
"Facebook Today..."
"dem toes"
"Someone decided that our dog was &quot;missing something.&quot; I guess this was it."
"Thought this little guy was missing something else."
"I saw this on my FaceBook feed  but I felt like this was its real home..."
"Wait for it"
"How I feel finishing my last day of high school"
"How I feel when I drink my morning coffee"
"So I have been on Reddit for one year today and this is all I have to show for it"
"As a broke college student  this is how I feel when I find out I have more than $10 in my bank account."
"Something was missing  then one day it all became clear..."
"The Pencil Maker"
"does this gif have a source? dying to know whats this about  movie  commercial?"
"ERRR MOAHHRRR MUNCHIESS"
"First time daddy sees his 3-week-old daughter. Priceless."
"I'm pretty sure that's not what the sign means. (x-post r/linguistics)"
"Some days I feel just like Batman"
"NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA"
"amazing sculpture. mind = blown"
"Yes or no"
"Distinct Difference"
"The years have not been kind to Bert &amp; Ernie"
"From Acquaintances to Best Friends (x-post from /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"D.A.E. remember this TV show?"
"OMG snow!"
"First Time I Can Say!!! I Am High On r/Trees [5]"
"I umm..I have no idea what's going on"
"May not be entirely related to atheism  but which god could be bothered to make all of this..."
"When a Nickelback song starts playing on my friend's iPod"
"Vegeta listens to Beiber"
"My goatee isn't stupid."
"What madness is this?? My children will suffer from broken and bloody finger nails  just like I did."
"Don't Fall Asleep In Class..."
"Pizza good. Pizza bad. Ok  enough."
"This gif reminds me of prison."
"Wait for your mind to scream OUCH!"
"I'm considering doing this."
"Slapping the black out (OFWGKTA)"
"nintendo's greatest hits"
"Kids these days...Or should i say parents?"
"Oh  fuck."
"Found out I got these in my backyard."
"Touche"
"I almost passed out when I saw this anti-rape device. [FIXED]."
"Double rainbow over the Montana - Appalachian State game last night"
"This was the site at this Appalachian State's first home game"
"Watching one of my links gain karma"
"Detention  you're doing it right."
"They're not the best but..."
"I mean they aren't the best donuts..."
"How to downvote with style"
"What appears to be a high-fiving husky puppy"
"Found on r/funny. Thought it belonged here."
"Bitch! You forgot your chair!"
"Got her from a shelter. Not sure if she hates her toy or loves it."
"Happily Ever After?"
"Peter Higgs' reaction to CERN's findings."
"Parrots!"
"Hillarious Japanese Product"
"Bad choice of font"
"Not funny Moses"
"The American Breakfast"
"What is love?"
"Sneaky boyy (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Don't Look Down!"
"Dean Potter slacklining while untethered at Taft Point  Yosemite"
"A Barbary macaque munches on a crisp from a tube of Pringles it stole from a tourist in Gibraltar. - Telegraph UK"
"I wonder why he's getting written up..."
"The problem with time travel."
"its kind of a big flaw"
"How it must feel like to get beat up as a 5 2 man"
"Don't you hit that Enter button Cookiemonster!"
"I see your 3-day work week  and raise you the irony of how I feel today  during my 1-day work week..."
"shitty_watercolour"
"Everything was going so well..."
"How I feel when &quot;Never gonna give you up&quot; comes on the radio"
"when i see someone post a link on their cakeday that ISN'T about their cakeday...i feel they worked for it ;)"
"Maybe all these weightloss posts getting so much karma could do some good..."
"4chan on women who like they are going to explode out of their clothing. Moderately NSFW."
"Well  this is a pretty neat fish tank..."
"&quot;I'll just check Reddit for a quick sec.&quot;"
"They don't think it be like it is  but it do."
"Rejection? Yeah "
"Drop of water in front of a map"
"A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Vampires - allergic to bullshit"
"so i saw this today (not my picture)"
"Crazy tree looking type of the human papillomavirus. Quite disturbing."
"Bouncing my cake day post ideas off overly critical friends"
"My summer To-Do list. So far  done and done."
"Today (apparently is/was my Reddit Cake-day) this picture represents how I have felt this Summer"
"I see what you did there"
"The other kind of centaur"
"What I imagine when people talk about Parkour"
"50 Pictures of Basset Hounds Running"
"Hi  it's me again! Upvotes now"
"How I feel about the replacement refs in the NFL"
"When I can't find anything interesting on the internet but don't want to get off of the computer"
"Oh couch  you're so..."
"Hmm  yes.."
"Starry Starry Night"
"I hope they like what they see (x-post from r/adviceanimals)"
"Everyone's watching the master's debate. And I'm just sitting here... masterbating..."
"How I feel as a science double major getting into research for the first time"
"Living in New Jersey during Sandy and having internet"
"Take me out to the ball game"
"It's my cake day and the World Series begins tomorrow!"
"The greatest troll ever!"
"When you're watching something for the first time and you realize where that gif came from"
"Futurama redesigned..."
"Trenderman"
"&quot;We're out of pepperoni&quot; &quot;Don't worry dude I have an idea!&quot;"
"Why... just why..."
"Eggception"
"This amuses me far more than it should."
"The Bible explained by 4chan."
"Probably the only religious leader I listen to sometimes..."
"Saxtrap"
"Some Men Just Want To Watch The World Learn"
"&quot;I said no more photos!&quot;"
"&quot;I said no more photos!&quot;"
"Repost  but this makes me laugh every time I see it."
"How I feel when I walk with a large group of people."
"You Came to the Wrong Neighborhood"
"Lindsay Lohan."
"Wrestling is serious business."
"oh shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii"
"Hanging Cave  Vietnam"
"There are no words."
"Like a Boss ..."
"Kitty Pew Pew"
"I've waited a few months to post this."
"Supposedly found 100ft under water..found on uberhumor."
"Orion in Gas  Dust  and Stars"
"Come . . ."
"When you lift up a toilet seat in a public restroom"
"Pac Man re-visualized"
"One of the happiest moments of MY life [Fixed]"
"Me after my roommate moved out and I finally got to rearrange the furniture..."
"I don't think a newspaper to the snout will deter this behavior..."
"Those eyes are just adorable"
"[HIFW] I see other people with tons of karma while I only have 14"
"zero fucks were given"
"So I put my cat in a sink..."
"Never to be seen again"
"When I found out Hostest was closing down"
"How reddit feels when it's someone's cakeday."
"Cat vs cat-in-the-box"
"cat vs. itazura bank"
"Surprised Cat"
"Babe Ruth &amp; George H.W. Bush"
"Just a heads up death."
"How you know your beer goggles have worn off."
"powerful"
"Awesome pic of the space shuttle over downtown Austin. (repost from /r/austin)"
"My response when my girlfriend asks why I don't wash the sheets after sex."
"Whenever a gif loads very slowly"
"When I want to make a cool upvote gif."
"I just introduced my friend to reddit one week before final exams..."
"Wait... no more twinkies?"
"All the time!"
"WTFs daytime job: Maury topic ideas. (xpost r/atheism)"
"been waiting for this episode for soooo long."
"Mom taking her kids to school"
"What I felt like venturing into r/spacedicks for the first time"
"Two finals in one day"
"Go home shoes  youre drunk!"
"Doesn't get much cuter than this..."
"Halloween costume win!"
"I got to a school that only likes 9GAG  this is mfw I get ganged up on about how 9GAG is better."
"I guess he's been training with the Graybeards"
"Trying to fit into my pants after the holidays."
"Teaching my girlfriend to ride my motorcycle"
"It's a bird it's a plane  ouch. (x-post from r/perfecttiming) [900x600]"
"Al Capone's prison cell at Eastern State Penitentiary  PA"
"Its official  the internet is ruined"
"I Want To Believe"
"On top of the world"
"Titanic vs. Felix Baumgartner"
"Took me a second. Then laughed my ass off."
"I'm writing my first major research paper for submission to an academic journal. This is how I feel about it."
"Okay ladies..So r/blackgirls just hit over 300 subscribers and this is how I feel..."
"How I feel just joining reddit"
"Just signed up for Steam..."
"When I'm playing SpaceChem"
"How I feel when stocking tampons at derpmart"
"So college move-in was today and all I could think about was..."
"I don't remember what this link is about..."
"Finception"
"Thy come to serve  not get served."
"Just an oil painting of Jesus breakdancing"
"What anime is this?"
"I would like a llama"
"Those clever Christians and their logical arguments!"
"Well actually you can do both."
"Came up on my newsfeed"
"So by this logic we don't have brains now? Seems legit..."
"i dont want to live on this planet anymore (FB)"
"I had no idea a market existed for something like this."
"We headed out or what?"
"Sup  dawg?"
"This beautiful animal is the extremely rare Black Tiger."
"The Jedi way is the only way"
"If one more person asks if they nailed their costume..."
"I'm not sure if this is a repost  but it made me smile. [First]"
"SpongeWorld SquareJules"
"The case had gone cold. Detective Squarepants didn't know where to turn. The killer was out there."
"Electron microscope image of an ant holding a microchip"
"I give you - my custom star wars poster collection"
"my custom star wars posters..."
"Why can't I stop laughing?"
"/r/aww didn't like this guy! I'm trying my luck with /r/funny!"
"You're doing it wrong"
"Oh Nigel"
"I was sure this was a miniature"
"Hitching a ride on the vacuum"
"How I feel when I'm eating in class and the professor asks me a question"
"Whenever a Redditor posts a screen capture from 4chan"
"Rollersuit"
"Forever Alone goes to the Doctor"
"Getting no action.."
"when friend brings up ex girlfriends in front of new girlfriend"
"I Love them Pizza's"
"Why I love being the Pringles marketing department today."
"How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?"
"Go home watermelon. You're drunk."
"Go home watermelon  you're drunk"
"Ouch (x-post from r/wtf)"
"I have no ideas on how to whore karma for my cake day  so I thought I'd give this a shot."
"this actually makes my day"
"... your date hasn't arrived ..."
"... your date hasn't arrived ..."
"Ninja Level: Pizza Guy."
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"When Someone Makes An Obvious Joke About My Name."
"When somebody says that they went to see the Avengers this weekend."
"When someone says a joke about me"
"Bitch  i'm fabulous"
"Indian Yo-Mama Joke"
"When I found out I could upvote by pressing 'A'"
"Yum  I love fudgsicles."
"Weirdly arousing"
"Searched for &quot;weirdest thing on the internet&quot;. Wat."
"I has too much works  beddytime!"
"This is how I fall asleep on Reddit."
"How I felt as a youth when I unintentionally popped a boner in public."
"I couldn't get a poodle  so I got the next best thing"
"Soon."
"Masters of Chaos"
"Giraffe Kisses!"
"Can't...stop...watching! (x-post r/gifs)"
"Definitely one of my favorite gifs"
"Blindsided by my 1 year cake day"
"My Facebook hell"
"The last day of No Fap September"
"Spongebob the holy roller"
"WTF is this shit??( found on my FB newsfeed )"
"Shit like this is not okay."
"Feral man. That is all."
"Shampoo! [Fixed]"
"Felix Baumgartner's words before he jumped [844x608]"
"I always wanted a cat with HUGE eyes  so i made one. Meet Jiji."
"Weird..."
"Stupefy!"
"What usually happens when I contribute to a heated thread."
"Yum!!!"
"admit it  you said awww"
"Relaxation"
"this just popped up on my Facebook feed…"
"This makes me happy"
"Then  there's Denny [Pic]"
"Denny is a badass"
"Hyde's philosophy."
"So this is how my morning started [FIXED]"
"How romantic..."
"Perfect valentines card"
"Valentines Day is Right Around the...Wait  What?"
"My friends' dog is PedoDog."
"Hearing about kids with chill parents"
"Googled &quot;Reddit Addict&quot;"
"How I first met the internet...."
"How I dance"
"Damn  Zooey...that's cold."
"My reaction after seeing that I missed my cake day"
"This made me laugh more than it should have"
"Like redditors fighting for the front page."
"Japan at it's finest."
"My reaction when I discovered /r/reactiongifs and thought about all the karma I can get now in other subredits"
"BIRTHDAY FUNDAY!!!"
"Happy Birthday"
"How I react when one of my posts gets more than 2 upvotes."
"How I act when my gf takes me out bikini shopping"
"MFW I didn't get sick after being around a friend who had the flu"
"Sounds a bit like my ex."
"The great moment when you get the red ring of death  and the next day it's gone."
"EVERYONE"
"Occasionally Family Guy has some Gems. A scale of Mental Retardation."
"Just noticed this in Family Guy."
"Men should not be left alone."
"How'd we do hunting this weekend?"
"What have I become?"
"it came to my attention that most redditors bite their nails. right?"
"I have a strong suspicion this lads name is Tyrone..."
"Who really shot Lincoln?"
"Poor Lincoln..."
"Poor Abe can't catch a break..."
"Child's skull before baby teeth fell out..."
"My feelings every time I see a re-post."
"How I feel when some one reposts one of my .gifs that I posted a year ago."
"Deadpool spinning"
"Its...Beautiful."
"First look of Hugh Jackman in the new Wolverine movie."
"A huge jacked man."
"Started replaying this"
"The most useless desktop icon of all time."
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"Whenever I stumble upon someone tagged as an asshole in Reddit suite..."
"Even With a 2 Day Deduction  Day 1 of Bronies vs Benders Seems to be Going Well"
"Charity contest  day 5 update: over a decade of computing time donated!"
"Updated WCG BvBCC Scores!"
"How I feel once I've past the 1000th post on Reddit's Front Page"
"How it feels making it to the front page of a small subreddit."
"How I feel to Have Poison Ivy on one leg and Road Rash on the Other"
"LeVar Burton Talented BAMF"
"The most viewed image on Reddit."
"I love these drawings. Thought I'd put this right here."
"C'mon Dude…"
"How I picture r/atheism right now."
"hope you paid your taxes!"
"I know it's old  but Phelps is damn funny!"
"Google is celebrating Bob Ross' birthday"
"I can't say id do anything different."
"Hahahah......."
"Whenever a website tells me that the apostrophe in my last name is an &quot;invalid character&quot;"
"How i feel when my ex steps into the same room as me in a party"
"Best prank ever"
"looool!!"
"Ooh  that seems deli... Argblg! No! Evil!"
"I had a similar reaction after my first shot of liquor"
"WTF is happening to me?!?!"
"Best &quot;Didn't Read&quot;"
"I am the Pac-man. (r/gifs)"
"The Charleston"
"Warned ya.."
"Seems like an appropriate reaction"
"Queensland has the best advertisements. [Sorry if repost]"
"Rich vs. Poor"
"Favelas in Brazil. Note the wealthy neighbors."
"The original  original &quot;Here Comes Honey Boo-Boo&quot;"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks (and players' palms) Since 1998"
"How I'm going to feel now that everyone bashes cake days."
"me after my first cake day post"
"How i feel  turning 31 tomorrow. Knowing I havent accomplished shit since turning 30..."
"How I feel when I get downvoted"
"Good Boy!"
"Guys... guys.. listen..."
"Item exactly as described."
"Oh christopher..."
"This was just replied to me... What!?"
"Just found this little gem  'The N-word Project'?"
"That moment when someone else makes the front page with a pic you've had for weeks."
"An Honest Mistake"
"I think reddit will like this"
"How many kittens does it take to fill up a sink?"
"Here's a sink full of cats. I'm not good with titles."
"The old switch-a-roo"
"Reddit  there is a button for reposts that you don't like. Listen here."
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip. (Fixed)"
"Fuck Cops"
"ugh  ipad!"
"I told you not to touch it! (X-post from /r/gifs)"
"One of the more bizarre face swaps..."
"Fuck Facebook"
"Romney: u mad bro?"
"This bear has awful taste in music"
"Epic Sax Bear"
"The simple bare necessities."
"Firefighters spent hours fighting a warehouse fire in Chicago. The ice won."
"Funniest proof pic ever"
"When I step in the shower and it's still too cold"
"When I discovered Reddit  and my friend told me to &quot;check out&quot; r/spacedicks."
"The definition of smooth"
"Wheel-Chair Drift!"
"Stir Fry"
"Why can't I eat these noodles dot gif"
"Skrillex / Cage"
"Because this is scarier than anything I've seen.."
"Who's Line Is It Anyway?"
"That seems pretty inappropriate."
"Now I know why parents liked playing board games inside when it rained in the 1960's"
"Make a wish"
"RDJ on the Olympics"
"Just RDJr."
"I often find myself asking this..."
"Dear vegetarians... [FIXED]"
"How the Word Boob Was Created"
"Everything's gonna be alright"
"Everything's gonna be alright (x-post r/pics)"
"Oh and a right uppercut! It's over!"
"How I feel when my mom makes me try her food  again and again"
"Every time I venture in /r/spacedicks"
"David Attenborough..."
"BAFF TIME!"
"Guess who's making this beauty their new profile picture."
"When you hear a little kid swear"
"I was sitting in an airplane when the edibles hit me."
"Whenever I realize something after 5 minutes..."
"A New Hope?"
"Shaking Off"
"Winners of the National Geographic Photo Contest 2012"
"Family Troll"
"Pure Genius!"
"Decided to finally get into the Halloween spirit. (Sorry for low quality)"
"Hot dogs truly are terrifying"
"slapstick humor at its best (x-post from r/wheredidthesodago)"
"The inventor deserves a Nobel Prize."
"Cats always land on their feet"
"Goat Going for a Ride"
"Florida's finest mugshots"
"Easily the cutest thing I've seen all day."
"Spiderman  master of disguise."
"Maybe if I wear this shirt....."
"At least he isn't masterbating"
"A convenient way to moisturize your face on the go"
"Mii channel music makes things more comical."
"What it's like opening a link with a misleading title"
"Bob Saget after Full House."
"Curated Costume"
"Halloween? Check!"
"Emma Watson to 5 year old boy: Excuse me  are you Harry Potter? That’s great  because I’m Hermione Granger and we’re best of friends. (xpost from /r/aww)"
"Trying to carry a normal conversation high..."
"How I flirt when I'm drunk."
"Jersey Shore is being cancelled"
"Famous companies first logo compared to now"
"Not yet at least"
"Totally worth it..."
"Say cheese!"
"Angry birds....."
"When you're on page 15  and your laptop dies."
"My first GifSound"
"When I tell my friend about reddit  and the next day  he can't stop talking about 'that one site'"
"MFW my ex's new relationship doesn't work out as she planned."
"Four-festor Baller Victory Dance IRL"
"It all makes sense now."
"Gallium"
"You so silly dog!"
"Re-post but a classic."
"Knock  knock - who's there?"
"Knock Knock-Motherfucker."
"As a person who sells printer ink for a living this is how i feel about college kids printing and posting memes in the hall."
"How I felt after haggling down my weed dealer"
"Life goes on."
"Is anyone willing to accept the challenge?"
"Still my favorite gif of all time"
"C-C-C-Combo Breaker! [GIF]"
"Dickhead Dolphin"
"I should have posted this a year ago"
"Oh no you Di'int"
"Oh no you di'int!"
"I see your meow so hard and raise you to my crayfish"
"Dexter Cake!"
"When s0crates82 grammar nazi'd the PotUS - Imgur"
"This is the first result when I looked up atheist on google"
"Know how to tell..."
"I was watching parks and rec... look what i just happened to notice in the background."
"Transformers! More than meets the eye!"
"How I feel  being outside of the US  when I realise I missed another popular AMA."
"So there is this vegetable in Brazil called Chuchu  and it sometimes looks like this.."
"I see your orchid italica  chibese knotweed and budda pearls and raise The Brazillian Passion Fruit"
"I really hope her parents didn't take this picture."
"He loves getting his tummy rubbed."
"A polar bear cub being tickled... just as adorable as it sounds."
"dat rectum (nsfw)"
"Room for two ?"
"Cant wait to see someone using one of these"
"How my posts rate after an hour."
"Baby hedgehog belly rub"
"How big is Hurricane Sandy? Here's a comparison with the size of Europe."
"Stoats? Ferrets? Rats and foxes?"
"Uhh... Can anyone explain this?"
"Kitty?"
"What the heck happened to this poor cat?"
"Bring it"
"Dude wtf?? A ball??"
"Just the necessities."
"Porn and Disney Movies."
"Wow"
"Red lightning during a volcanic eruption"
"Douchebag of the year  poor kid."
"I don't know if you can ever recover from this type of embarrassment"
"Walnuts  IKEA's Achilles Heel"
"Spiders in a tree after a flood in Pakistan"
"How I feel as a Catholic Boy Scout these days"
"An awesome cloud formation and sunset at Mt. Rainier."
"Behold!"
"Putin's balloon know how. Bust it!"
"To hell with the presidents  I want him."
"Awww Yeeaaahh"
"Da da da da da da da da da circus"
"Madagascar on shrooms."
"Not sure why  but I could watch this for hours straight."
"When I saw the &quot;keep off the grass&quot; sign at the job I was recently fired from"
"Here's to hoping no one has already made it."
"I'm a woman's man. No time to talk."
"as;odjq;dv"
"gjtyjjhjf"
"How I feel when I see &quot;how I feel when...&quot; gifs."
"Hurricane Sandy Cheeks Comin' Atcha."
"Confession"
"Awesome"
"How I feel when a movie I like is added to Netflix"
"The delivery guy is almost here!"
"The difference"
"True and false questions"
"An aww-dorable joey"
"a joey saying hi from his mother's pouch"
"Lost Dawg"
"They said I could be anything"
"I'm not a part of your system!"
"I walk by this sign every day...today  I fight the power!"
"They're playing the original super smash bros on gamecube..."
"Popsicle stick joke"
"I always thought the popsicle stick jokes were a lil lame"
"Facebook stoner logic"
"Front page  here I come.. FUCK!"
"Chicken nuggets come in 4 shapes and 4 shapes only."
"Bathroom with glass floor built above an abandoned elevator shaft"
"What it's like going on r/pics now"
"Flexibility Wtf"
"OH GOD NO."
"Seven Hours"
"Never forget 11/12/1955"
"At 10:04 PM on this day in 1955  the courthouse clock tower in Hill Valley  CA was struck by lightning. It hasn't rung since."
"Fucking Idaho..."
"'Murica - they see me rollin'"
"Reading two people argue on facebook...then my name is brought into the mess"
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"My girlfriend asked if I thought she was on her period."
"No Pokemon is more badass than an Aggron  BITCH!"
"Oh 12..."
"We all do it"
"Whenever people make me Laugh really hard"
"The sad truth about Minnesota"
"steve from blue's clues (GIF)"
"That's cool that your buddy got paid in pennies  but uh... who's feet are this?"
"Greetings!"
"xbox live class"
"The tragic tale of Skeleton Jelly"
"For my cakeday  one of my favorites. Skeleton jelly!"
"I just wanna know what song she was listening to"
"No fucks given today"
"My favorite thing from my first year on Reddit"
"Don't know what color to paint your nails?"
"Painting your fingernails? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Well  this is normal."
"I see all of your European school lunches and raise you an American school lunch!"
"Which one of these is a woman ?"
"Underwater Dog Pics"
"Having a quick swim!"
"Oh Death Note"
"yet another reason why president obama is great..."
"If it fits  it ships!"
"If it fits  it ships!"
"If I fits  I ships!"
"I iz delivered now...?"
"Phobos takes a bite out of the sun."
"Now that's a bitch slap"
"Tiny house  or giant kitten?"
"How I feel when I'm at work and open a link that should be labeled N*S*F*W but it isn't. [FIXED]"
"I thought this would fit well in reddit"
"Don't piss off a panda..."
"Oh honey you're so funny!"
"Missing Tortoise!"
"somebody find his tortoise.. HURRY!"
"Saw this at the park today...."
"This is why I love New Orleans"
"Most accurate mirror ever..."
"What the US uniforms should have been [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"Why can't I learn this in history class?!"
"Polyatheist"
"Bambi and little skunk twins. Too cute."
"Mom knows my favorite dinner."
"Me driving while it's snowing."
"I think I've just found one of Reddit's kings..."
"It is crazy how well these fit together!"
"This is how i feel about most 'trolling'"
"Ice Canyon  greenland"
"it's not just humans who like to visit the safari"
"In Australia  spiders eat snakes."
"Holy mother of god."
"Growing old is not fun"
"Priceless expression"
"Supermodels without makeup [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Supermodels without makeup [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Whoop Whoop"
"What'd You Call Me?"
"Pretty Smile"
"Just Ron and Tammy Swanson..."
"I knew Ron Swanson was awesome  but this is a whole other level of awesome..."
"Mr. Meowmers was never the same."
"When my friend makes it to page 3 on /r/funny"
"The key to a good morning EVERY morning."
"he sat like this the entire class period"
"This picture just emerged on my Facebook page  made me chuckle."
"Extreme camping"
"I don't think you're going to like it..."
"Gabe motherfucking Newell"
"Gabe gets all the girls."
"Do you have that one image that cracks you up a hundredth time?"
"How I feel when my lady is mad at me"
"Most Detailed Image of the Universe Ever Captured"
"Penetrating deep into the universe with the Hubble eXtreme Deep Field image."
"Based on yesterday's events"
"Today I realized I missed my first cake day."
"I will eat your happiness!"
"Whenever I don't have to look in the comments to figure out a &quot;When you see it&quot; post"
"/r/technology for the next few weeks"
"Paris  one hundred years today"
"Happy sloth"
"Since the particle news came out..."
"Letting Her Hair Down"
"The irony is almost too much to handle."
"Cop texting while driving his cruiser."
"I am pretty sure i'm going to hell..."
"&quot;If your country has a history of colonialism  don't do this&quot; - Bill Maher"
"Midlife crisis baby"
"fucks given at the public library &lt; 1"
"Youtube has the proper ad"
"Debt problems  foreclosure looming. Don't downsize  consolidate!"
"Don't be racist"
"Truer words have never been spoken..."
"Why AOE is still my favorite game."
"When I heard about the church in London advising people to stop taking their HIV medication  claiming their lead pastor could &quot;cure&quot; them of the disease."
"Greatest actors never to have won an oscar."
"Shooting Nerfs  got a good shot (x-post from r/pics)"
"mimimimimimimimimimimi"
"As I learned about the Pauli Exclusion Principle today  all I could think of was this."
"I googled &quot;It's my fucking reddit birthday what should I post?&quot; and this is what I got. Seems about right."
"Vote for Romney  mother fucker. (xpost /r/photoshopbattles)"
"See this? Yeah  you better vote for me now motherfucker."
"Bob &quot;Han Solo&quot; Ross"
"THIS ONE HAS SEEN THEIR REWARDS AND KNOWN THEIR BOUNTY"
"What Romney thinks is happening to the economy."
"Emma Stone"
"Emma Stone"
"No really  I'm a flamingo..."
"Algae (pic)"
"Spotted a sure sign on my morning commute that summer is almost over...."
"First snow fall....on Hoth."
"Leak of the new Robocop suit on set."
"caption this because I sure as fuck can't."
"My Milkshakes!"
"This is a wife's last night with her husband. (Sorry if repost  more description in comments)"
"How I felt walking to my physics final this morning."
"This just became my favorite pic on the internet"
"A bullet meets its match"
"Weirdest movie I have ever seen"
"Snoop Dog on Mitt and Obama"
"How I feel downvoting someone already in the negatives"
"Train derailment off a building."
"the honorable pope vader"
"Curiosity..."
"Call Me Marty"
"WTF scary cake..."
"A sign outside my local eatery"
"Not okay"
"The stuff nightmares are made of [spider content]"
"I though you would find this quite smashing"
"baby  what the fuck?"
"When I forget to save and my computer crashes..."
"Baby-Gets Knocked Out!"
"Pugception"
"Yo Dawg..."
"Laziness"
"So that's how boomerangs work!"
"Impressive"
"This has to be shopped... I want his shirt!"
"Why the .... is this here"
"Well that was fun"
"I just hired my DJ for the Rapture Party. What do you think?"
"DJ Jesus died for your spins."
"The difference between Men and Women"
"How men and women see colours."
"The Messiah has risen!"
"Say hello to my little.. banjo."
"Internet Family Portrait"
"Nope in a nutshell"
"How this new meme is starting to make me feel."
"My mom was worried about me ordering food"
"He's getting sooo laid when girls see this years later...."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Street Art Paint War"
"Just Watering My Negro."
"They make it look so easy in action movies"
"my reaction to seeing the FedEx truck pull up to my house with my iPhone  after having a blackberry for three years..."
"see me rollin...they hatin..."
"They See Me 'Rollin"
"They See Me Rollin'..."
"Just....can't.....stay.....awake......"
"Looks like Bane has met his match (Xpost from r/Southpark)"
"Looks like Bane met his match [X-Post from /r/southpark]"
"Geek Insult..."
"Electron microscope image of a maggot."
"Electron microscope image of a maggot [PIC]"
"Microscopic Derp"
"Electron Scanning Microscope image of a maggot's head. (didn't even have to add googley eyes."
"When a repost hits the front page"
"How I feel when someone tells me they're done with finals..."
"Ron Swanson's Pyramid of Greatness"
"Study it. Learn it. Live by it."
"Royal kittehs"
"Congratulations Felix Baumgartner!"
"Congratulations Felix &quot;Giant Nuts&quot; Baumgartner!"
"The true definition."
"Yes... yes it is."
"Whenever people asks me why I don't go out more often"
"Somehow found my way to the 'Soldiers Coming Home' area of YouTube. Needless to say  it went something like this..."
"War stuff"
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"Borrowed my guy friend's phone to google something when his browser history popped open..."
"How I feel when posting links to Reddit..."
"So honey  did you still want that salad?"
"Obama gets rejected"
"Just getting my upvote fix..."
"Well hellooooooooooo"
"You've all seen The Matrix  right?"
"Felix Baumgartner coming home"
"Fucking penguins."
"My favorite unit of measurement..."
"How to tell if your gf is cheating."
"Slow fuckers in the passing lane on the interstate  period."
"Realistic Toy Soldiers"
"I don't remember these guys"
"Memes and their dogs."
"Found this on my news feed...*Scroll scroll scroll*"
"This has to be my favorite &quot;like if you love Jesus&quot; facebook picture"
"This reminds me of something..."
"Damnit Carl"
"Hey carl have you seen my blue--"
"...On second thought  I think I'll walk"
"It's Super Effective!"
"No title required"
"here  have a shaved llama.."
"Kung Cow!"
"Nailed it."
"Is the redditor gone? [X-post aww]"
"True story..."
"I did it. I fucking did it. 100% completion all A's on Super Meat Boy!"
"My proudest moment in gaming yet"
"What have you done..."
"Ice formation (x-post from /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Doctor Kitty"
"What songs go well with this gif?"
"Well  would you just take at look at that. Finally  something that makes some sense!!"
"True Friendship"
"When I click on an unfamiliar subreddit."
"Go Bobby Go!"
"OG's"
"Smashing  by Klein"
"Perfect paint scheme for a Smart. [X-post from r/cars]"
"The secret to his success"
"How I feel upvoting a sad but relevant story on r/news"
"A day in the life of Todd"
"Steven Seagal vs Kids"
"Someone is baking cookies tonight."
"Just stumbled upon this.."
"Googled &quot;2nd best picture on the Internet&quot;. Was not dissapointed."
"The Best Picture On The Internet."
"Overly Attached Girlfriend with Lavender Town Theme O.o"
"I'm the only cage you need .."
"OAG - the horror!"
"I know."
"This makes me laugh every fucking time I read it"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Cannot comprehend how one does this"
"The Four Elements of Nature"
"How I feel whenever I get downvoted."
"Real parents Lion King"
"It's just a mac n cheese in chili sauce with beef push up pop."
"Sweet! I fucking love Push-Pops! Wait..."
"Mitt Romney's Feelings on Relatable Romney"
"How I feel browsing an online dating website"
"God doesn't make the world this way"
"Rorschach makes an excellent and relevant point"
"Why has no one else tried to use this formula/game-type to make another best seller?"
"How I expect my first cake day to turn out."
"I don't think this is normal"
"why cats rock!"
"it's my cake day. even after a year  and a verifiable addiction  this still feels like me."
"Jinkies!"
"Ba Da Da Da Da"
"Well that was just about every girl in high school....."
"Listen Up Girls. You Need To Know This."
"WTF"
"wtf?"
"Wait.. What?! [NSFW]"
"Pretty Sure This is Historically Accurate"
"AMERICA  MOTHER FUCKERS!"
"A friend of mine shared some drinks with David Suzuki"
"Snooki's kid's 40th year"
"How I correct people if they spell something wrong [FB]"
"My feelings looking for 1 piece of paper in a mess for job interviews..."
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Call on me!"
"victim of trolling"
"I hereby reject Jesus Christ and accept Barack Hussein Obama as my personal lord and savior."
"Came too soon..."
"What sort of evil is this?!"
"&quot;What was Hitler's first name?&quot;"
"Haha..ha... AWW HELL NAW"
"What happens when you swallow gum"
"How I felt when Facebook automatically made my profile a timeline."
"Ooh  a box...AAHHhhhhh"
"You lost weight. Good for you  now get the fuck out of here. Also pic."
"&quot;Going Ape shit&quot; ..... true story"
"I SAID GET OUT THE WAY"
"Grains of sand at 4x magnification"
"Oh you.."
"Toboggan  anyone?"
"So I actually googled &quot;something that some redditor is searching google images for something funny to post&quot; or some stupid shit like that."
"just my luck"
"How I feel after drinking those 500mL Red Bull cans. For hours."
"Yeah  that's what i meant Google"
"New Facebook reminds me of..."
"Day two of trying to ride a bicycle  and all I can think is this:"
"How I feel being the only IT guy on staff today"
"Traumatized"
"Horrified homophobe is horrified"
"The reason I swear so much.."
"My patience has long run out by Friday..."
"Mmm  yes  quite nice."
"Starting to review material from the beginning of the semester and..."
"Going on r/gaming today"
"How I felt looking at the calender this morning."
"Going over my Steam library a few weeks after the big sale."
"Math class after summer vacation"
"Iv been confused for a week now..."
"Coming to reddit after a day off..."
"Me leaving work today..."
"Blame it on the economy"
"How Reddit works"
"2 pairs of... stairs"
"I'm still jealous of Arnold's room from 'Hey Arnold!'"
"Where my appreciation for gadgets began"
"Whenever i have a small amount of upvotes..."
"Every Single Post I Make (Gif)"
"Dreaming of Days Long Gone [1920x1080](X-Post from /r/pics  courtesy of user seraphim19"
"A beautiful spot for a cabin"
"Damn faucet."
"Starting an essay..."
"Fucking Magic"
"Non-gif of Obama reading &quot;Where the Wild Things Are&quot;"
"Can't Stop Watching (slightly NSFW)"
"How many of us can see &quot;floaters&quot;?"
"Misused Meme To The Highest"
"This REALLY is getting out of hand."
"Found this on my news feed.. you're doing it wrong."
"Union Station Flood Toronto (June 1) - RBC Building has bigger problems than we originally thought(FIXED)"
"The internet has ruined me. (3rd pic)"
"Metal fans"
"Air Five!"
"What a coincidence!"
"Hey what do you know! Me too!"
"I got Skyrim for Xmas  after having played Dark Souls for a couple of months.."
"Just another fun day in Lordran"
"Gimme back the bowl (x/post from r/funny)"
"3d nes mario"
"How I feel when I get turned down by a girl."
"It's my cake day  and I'm just sitting here doing a lab report."
"How to win."
"How to win."
"Well  someone had to do it"
"White House National Security Team photo identified"
"Found this gem on Google today"
"Poking around the internet  when I found this (le) gem."
"Awesome Portal Christmas tree."
"Rawrrrr!"
"0_o"
"Stop."
"Bird of prey.. wait wth?!"
"Every time we walk out of the room"
"Sleeping beauty."
"Portals...and trolls. Question. Has any one ever answered this kind of question. It makes me a bit mad that people don't like to think this though. Asking because i have my own answer so i would like to compare it."
"How I feel hooking my iPod up after taking shots at a party"
"Getting drawn and quartered"
"Too soon?"
"I Was Watching This Video When This Ad Popped up..."
"Business cat"
"And bricks were shat!"
"Pelvic thrust  anyone? x-post gifs"
"How to troll a Presbyterian church"
"Proof all rocks go to heaven"
"Meat Justin Bieber"
"Accidentally empathizing with someone on r/funny"
"MFW California passed the law requiring porn stars to wear condoms"
"my family dog finally learned how to use the stairs."
"I'm supposed to post this today  right?"
"SIN"
"I found this amusing (x-post from /r/comics)"
"How I feel hearing Christmas music before Thanksgiving"
"It's November........."
"Starry Night reflection"
"Throwing your own poo...?!"
"My Friend Found This Laying Around On his Computer..."
"Room-mate saw this on the side of a bus-stop"
"it's like a train wreck  i can't stop looking. NSFW"
"Bus  go home! You're drunk!"
"My cakeday AMA has been a success??"
"Trololololo lololo lololo  lalalalalah"
"When I finish a series on Netflix just as they add another season to it."
"How I feel waiting to hit 8000 karma after 3 mo. of posting."
"I just found out the girl I like is a redditor"
"Sexy Ladies"
"Daddy's little girl"
"[X-post from r/gifs] It's evolving......."
"Saw this in r/pics  it's &quot;Maggie&quot; the dog reacting to a dragon in Skyrim and I thought it belonged here"
"What my childhood nightmares were made of"
"Old news"
"Same prop newspaper used over and over again."
"This about sums it up"
"Finding out my cake day was a couple days ago and I missed it"
"He was just begging to be on Reddit."
"Seconds later  Fluffy slaughtered the entire family in a moment of temporary insanity"
"Is that Eminem?"
"I had to... (fixed)"
"just  wow"
"My favorite image ever."
"Yin-Yang (x-post from woahdude)"
"This guy is a modern time hero!"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996"
"My friends new kitten"
"Different Kinds of Labrador Dogs"
"Okay open your eyes!"
"Walrus reaction after giving him a fish cake for his birthday!"
"Ohhhh you shouldn't have!"
"I've never paid attention to ads on the web  but this one is unforgettable."
"It's more likely than you think"
"Just a kitten in a tube"
"Stay in there kitty"
"Forget Ryan Gosling in Drive. Check out Mario in Kart"
"Yawwwwn!"
"The happiest any dog has ever been"
"Don't you hate when this happens? [Sort-of NSFWish]"
"Reposts  Reposts everywhere."
"Evolution of JGL"
"Rainbow Road"
"Arrested Development Royalty"
"ALLAH ACKBAR SWAG"
"A collision of two memes."
"driving at night can be confusing sometimes cause of this..."
"I've been playing too much skyrim.. every time a shadow flies overhead.."
"Every eye doctor exam."
"The original skeptical fry"
"Micheal Phelps"
"1st Known Pic of Michael Phelps..."
"What the Fuck did I just find?"
"Yeesssss"
"wat..."
"IMDB Fail (x-post /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Spoiler alert"
"First pick. Every time."
"females hate getting fat."
"I whip my hair......OH GOD"
"What Michael Jackson may look like in the year 2000..."
"Snoop + Dog"
"I typed in &quot;Kung-Fu Master&quot; on Google and this is one of the first things to come up."
"Don't do drugs...[X-Post from r/4chan]"
"THE FUCKITTY FUCK FUCK?"
"So I looked up &quot;idiosyncrasy&quot; on Wikipedia..."
"Is This How You Meme?"
"Welcome to the interwebs"
"I said NO!"
"Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr"
"Don't Stop."
"deep sea eel..."
"Deep Sea Eel (Fixed)"
"How I felt when Meryl Streep won the oscar."
"When I discovered Shitty_Watercolour had his own subreddit"
"MFW &quot;Mr. Bean&quot; showed up while watching the Olympics."
"How I felt after getting my 2000th link karma"
"Financially Conservative Panda."
"B-52 Stratofortress  over water. (x-post from r/pics)"
"Wishing i could downvote on Facebook"
"hey  llama try out that surfboard"
"KNEEL I SAY!"
"Kneel before your god!"
"U mad bro?"
"Look at all the things the Ents can teach:)"
"How to assemble a model helicopter"
"Jupiter"
"This is Australia ...."
"The sad reality of AMA's"
"How I picture myself when Reddit has no more blue links..."
"How my excitement felt after watching the Skyrim:Dragonborn trailer"
"Classic Kelso"
"my new favorite face swap"
"This is just disturbing."
"So what  when I am drunk at the club..."
"Not sure if funny but I laughed."
"Wtf! Get out of my way!"
"Never ending fear due to this fucker."
"This thing still scares the shit out of me..."
"peekaboo"
"The greatest cock"
"Just wait till we get home Cindy. Nah mom  I'll just go outside. It's cool."
"FedEx"
"My friend said this while we were gaming  so i made a picture!"
"BIFL Headphones Graphic (x-post r/LifeProTips)"
"Illusions Michael!!"
"How i feel after looking at every NSFW and NSFL post"
"My reaction when my roommate's girlfriend makes us food"
"how i feel about reddit lately"
"How I feel coming back to reddit not knowing who POLITE_ALLCAPS_GUY and ANDREWSMITH1986 are"
"Entering a Rebecca Watson discussion in r/atheism"
"going to a party  then realizing there's no alcohol  and my ex is there (Fixed)(FIXED)"
"Me walking in on my parents arguing."
"Walking into a Men's restroom with no urinals"
"Walking in on parent's sexytimes.."
"Flint igniting a fire"
"Whole Grain"
"How I feel starting P90x after hibernating through spring."
"If You eat Gas Station Food"
"Oh he knows it..."
"Mittens Gangnam Style!!"
"Mitt Romney knows it!"
"hey sexy romney (romney style)"
"Romney Finds His Groove"
"How I feel posting comments on a front-page submission."
"Mail's here!"
"In honor of my cake day  my favorite pic on the internet."
"Seeing a girl's boobs for the first time."
"Some carved Crayons [that is all]"
"Searched for &quot;Sticky Blob Man&quot;. Fuck it... close enough."
"Forget the Danes and Canadians  Irish cops know how to party"
"The first time I ever masturbated (SFW)"
"Someone Stop My Baby"
"Song was playing in my head when I saw it"
"Don't Talk Bad About My Family"
"Got some OC for you guys"
"Adam West  why are you so badass?"
"OH HELL NAW!!!"
"Wait What? My fate in humanity just went down  a lot..."
"Stay Classy  Internet"
"Is that so..."
"How I feel after opening up Reddit"
"As a female  this is how I feel after deciding &quot;meh  I don't need to shave my armpits this time&quot;"
"so I decided to cut my own hair..."
"Spent an inordinate amount of time pondering my mortality these last couple of days and came to a glaring conclusion:"
"My phys. ed teacher had my class run a mile first day. I started off at a pretty fast pace  but after the first quarter mile  this is what I was thinking to myself..."
"I keep forgetting I'm in the colonies! [X Post from r/funny]"
"sad peppers are sad."
"How I feel when I am discovered in Hide-and-Seek"
"Oh no... MY CUPCAKES!!!"
"How I feel after almost clicking a GoneWild link with [m] in it."
"Shadows"
"That's one way to listen to music on the go...."
"iDell mini"
"the hero reddit needs"
"Poorly Planned Billboards"
"House Cat! I CHOOSE YOU!"
"That's not creepy..."
"Looking at today's front page...."
"Me watching the team women's gymnastics with my American friends (I am Romanian)"
"A young Nathan Explosion"
"Technology these days..."
"Downvoting spiteful comments at a [7]"
"This is an actual photograph of a star going supernova  taken by the Hubble Telescope"
"When I realized it was my cake day."
"We all deal with situations differently"
"Cuddles"
"Krakatoa from afar. (x/post from r/earthporn)"
"Pineberries"
"Bismuth [pic]"
"Searching Nick Cage..."
"I can't help it  it's just how I feel."
"You. Yes you!"
"10 years  101 power cells  112 scout flies  and 2000 orbs  but I finally beat it."
"My favorite gif in so many ways"
"Seems you guys like Mark Twain  here's another gem"
"Dog Gone Wild"
"Men's bathroom payment method in Germany: Small dick - 10 cents  big dick - 2 euros"
"Just a little guide for new parents out there."
"Tyson take the wheel."
"OH SHIT! OH SHIT! OH SHIT!"
"I'm always nervous when I'm on a motor boat…this GIF did not help."
"Searched 'sexy Nicolas Cage.' Google didn't disappoint. - Imgur"
"Since my grandma is at my house this weekend..."
"My wallet is not safe..."
"A day before the big CERN announcement."
"Only downside to a day off in the middle of the week."
"Brace yourselves..."
"Whenever I see a cat and want to pet it but it runs away."
"Excuse me could you play that lil wayne song again?"
"Breaking the Clouds [1920x1200]"
"Who needs em?"
"I have not seen many baby penguins  so here is one."
"Charmander's a maniac."
"fools and fanatics"
"It's the subtle changes over the years..."
"[repost] haha..."
"My reaction as a parking lot attendant when customers say &quot;it costs too much&quot; and leave"
"Realizing I've almost missed my cakeday"
"I can referee"
"Toad with a parasite in its eye"
"When your Ex starts a new relationship before you (x-post from r/ gifs)"
"I'd like to kill Everybody in the world"
"The tiniest teddybear"
"A mouse with a teddy bear. That is all."
"Cute Cat+Cake = Karma right"
"this ad is horrible  I won't stand for this."
"Vegan?"
"Troll level Carnivore"
"My response to Katawa Shoujo"
"Watching the opening ceremonies. Its great  but I have a little message to the announcers."
"Saw this in my Newsfeed... guess he messed with the wrong guy."
"Googled Arnold Schwarzenegger  was not disappointed."
"Cristian ice cream"
"Apparently bottled water is the spawn of Satan - not sure is serious or not"
"How i picture X-Box live trashtalkers"
"Do a Barrel Roll!"
"Hitler like this song"
"How I feel when I have writer's block when starting my essay 12 hours before it's due."
"Internet browser meeting"
"You missed a spot  friend!"
"I hate two things in life"
"Is it time for a walk yet?"
"Please Take Me For a Walk!!!"
"Still a better love story than Twilight"
"Ladies of Reddit  speaking on behalf of the male gender  we all do this every time you bend over and aren't watching."
"Saxguy Kombat"
"Hurr Durr."
"Mobius Cat"
"Have you ever seen a cat lounge around like this?"
"No  hold your hand like this"
"BOOM!"
"I can think of a few.."
"Can you ear me now?"
"Why  I specialize in firing bows."
"Posting a funny at night"
"London Mayor Boris Johnson dancing to the Spice Girls at the Olympics"
"This is how men's bathrooms should be set up"
"lemonade... a party in your mouth"
"Oh dear god..."
"Welcome to russia?"
"Happy birthday Nicholas Cage"
"Still makes me laugh every time"
"Hurricanes from 1851 to present visualized"
"Shorty shorts and white heels. (as seen in a local voting line)"
"Saw this on the&quot;cutest couples&quot;page on facebook."
"Great Success!"
"All of my baby pictures"
"Houston  we have a problem."
"Gets me every time"
"Trying to have sex and being drunk at the same time"
"Probably a repost  but I saw this and it made me laugh."
"The Original Inception"
"Hey r/funny  I think this post may be in the wrong place."
"Don't mind me  I'm just a pole."
"Go Home Pole  You're Drunk"
"Just threw together a Futurama gif and a song featured in an episode. Seemed to sync pretty well"
"Finding out that your ex got fat"
"This election just got real."
"Snape agrees [Kinda NSFW]"
"What's HOT with Gingers!"
"Gingers must be in low demand..."
"Ghetto Swimming Pool (PIC)"
"At first I was like  &quot;awesome.&quot; And then I was like  ok  not so awesome.... but I might still try"
"Felix Baumgartner jumping from the Red Bull Sratos...one error and his blood would boil and his brain would explode"
"Felix Baumgartner about to jump from the edge of space."
"Balls of steel"
"Beautiful picture of Felix Baumgartner a moment before jump. High-res  large pic."
"Felix Baumgartner about to jump from the edge of space."
"Picture of Felix Baumgartner just before his jump towards earth."
"Just Felix Baumgartner before the jump.."
"So that's how Godzilla was made"
"Your day is now better."
"Last chance jesus (Xpost from R/funny)"
"He shouldn't have posted his phone number online (pic)"
"Marijuana did THIS to Shaun White"
"Fabulous"
"But these are for girls..."
"Puppies are the cutest!"
"A safe for work dog penis."
"My dad is in the Military. He just sent me this with the headline &quot;Official North Korean State Video of Rocket Launch&quot;"
"BREAKING: New footage of North Korean Rocket Launch (GIF)"
"Moving On"
"Movin' on up"
"Move on up (FIXED again)"
"PROOF that 9/11 was an inside jorb!!!111!!!Eleeven!!"
"Nah  she's not with me. She's just my baby llama."
"This is why I love Calvin and Hobbes"
"Is this some sort of trick question?"
"I think this belongs here after the new law in North Carolina"
"The Launch"
"The perfect shot."
"Kidless parents"
"Jim Carrey  Black Swan"
"The Fuck  Russia?"
".....yep."
"just a trainer and her sea lion"
"I missed my cakeday  but this cheered me up."
"Typed majestic creature   and went to images ..."
"I also Googled ' I was not disappointed'  and was not disappointed at all."
"Fixed"
"Story of my life"
"The car stereo I want today [Fixed]"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago vs the one I want today"
"Have a wash and be inspired!"
"&quot;Wailord used AuroraBeam!&quot; x post from r/gifs"
"Boop."
"B&amp;Q  for all your supremacist needs."
"What do Puffins do every day?"
"you create a monster  little child"
"So I Googled &quot;something missing&quot;..."
"This showed up on the fb today."
"Not bad  Mobama"
"Not ba... wait"
"Copy Cat (x-post from r/gifs)"
"There's even a rule 34 on water."
"Pictures like this on Facebook destroy my faith in humanity"
"What does this even mean?"
"What a badass"
"Every time..."
"Why is everyone staring at me??"
"Sorry"
"Every time..."
"After missing last Christmas and being gone for almost an entire year due to being in the military this is how I feel about going home in 11 days."
"How I feel hitting 100 karma on one link for the first time"
"I feel getting to the front page of r/funny and r/skyrim in one day."
"I'm so sorry."
"The bane of my childhood gaming career"
"Every time I attempt to play CLOP"
"The central and peripheral nervous system of a human being. So  it turns out that deep down we're all just flying spaghetti monsters."
"Mother of God........"
"How /b/ gets aroused [mildly NSFL cartoon]"
"Animal Crossing in a Nutshell"
"Animal Crossing."
"Apple Specialist Sam Sung"
"The Most Unpopular Apple Employee in the World"
"That's a rather unfortunate name for an Apple Store employee"
"Chicago"
"oh bosh..."
"How I feel when I try to join a serious conversation"
"Checkmate Christians"
"no way I'm going back."
"Thought this was funny."
"we just passed 1000 whisky reviews on r/scotch"
"Satan at his best"
"The world most difficult football (soccer) field"
"it's almost caturday"
"Welp  I hit cuteness overload for the day"
"My cat just heard the vacuum cleaner"
"'Murika"
"When God made me..."
"iguana bathtub fart"
"I don't get it"
"You should've expected this."
"So tasty."
"Y'know...just to make sure"
"How I feel walking around campus on Sunday morning"
"*Squish Squish Squish*"
"So long steam  and thanks for all the fish."
"'90s Nostalgia"
"Math Atheist.. Matheist?"
"Just looked at my bank account"
"The littlest badass"
"Browsing Reddit with my younger brother"
"Comic Con religious fundamentalists might want to consider updating their list of sins..."
"Got trolled pretty hard that day"
"When I can't remember if I cleared my browser history while my gf is using my laptop"
"It happens at the worst of times!"
"oh shit.... OH FUCK!..... OHHHHHHH!!"
"Awh How Cute."
"When you see it..."
"I Always Wondered What Robert Downey Jr. Would Be Like As A Cat..."
"Soon...."
"As someone in college I will do this"
"stupid bird  you shall walk that way..."
"Painted flower."
"US Navy Training"
"Group projects"
"Oh right...humans not food"
"Husky Corgi mix is the cutest thing ever"
"OMG This is so gooOOOAAAH! [Gif]"
"Sweet! Awesome I'm almost there! Just a little more... FUCK!"
"At what point does body surfing become BASE jumping?"
"Saw a link related to Google+ today. Logged in to mine and this is how I felt."
"Descent of the Modernists"
"Looks like the party's in the basement."
"Halloween just got really weird."
"WTF INTERNET"
"Guess it's not as funny when it happens to you."
"Private Hideaway (Smoo Cave  Scotland)"
"Hidden sea cave"
"Saw this on 4chan  probably a repost I dont care it made me laugh."
"welcome aboard![fixed]"
"Better listen to Bill."
"Anarchy in the UK"
"Hurricane? NICE."
"A horse braving the storm..."
"How NOT to blow out candles"
"Oh shit...now what?"
"a for effort"
"The Ruff Life"
"The 90's in one photo"
"Scottish Wisdom"
"Sesame Street has changed over the years"
"Cutest monkey in the world  looks like a cross between a chinchilla and a monkey."
"Cowboys  Tigers  and Bears; by Kizer180."
"Cowboys  Tigers  and Bears."
"So I was listening to Mozart..."
"I was so let down when this didn't happen..."
"The only proper way to see Inception"
"Gotta workout  man."
"now we know why Tom never catch Jerry"
"Happy Birthday!"
"pugs always look like they just recalled something they had forgotten to do."
"To end the religion/morality debate"
"A Lesson that Christians  Muslims  and Atheists need to learn.[FIXED]"
"I noticed this in a building on the Georgia Tech campus."
"Mindfuck"
"[gif] awesome"
"Creative Carving"
"Calvin and Hobbs"
"Well  he's definately not the only one.."
"No words needed."
"Wow! Check it out! Great way to explain what God really is."
"The greatest picture ever."
"&quot;Can I keeps it?&quot;"
"Don't talk while he... Well shit...."
"looked up traffic rage on google. this came up"
"8:05"
"How I felt about /r/atheism the last few days"
"Saw this and thought it belonged here  i present  Bob Marley (xpost from r/pics)"
"How I picture the people posting cats on reddit"
"How I feel browsing Reddit as someone who doesn't like cats very much."
"Albino Turtle"
"Trying to Downvote Cats {Fixed}"
"When everyone brings their own bud to a sesh.."
"You know what would be great? If they did mammograms on dicks. Right? [NSFW]"
"Prepare to die"
"when everyone laughs at a joke you don't get"
"WTF happened to her tongue?"
"Cartoon logic..."
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"The entire alphabet  in one GIF."
"Think about it..."
"Women's Rights"
"THUGLIFE"
"This gif freaks me out!"
"Typed in &quot;sure  why not? gifs&quot; on google images and this was the first result. Everyone has their own way of expression I guess...some stranger than others."
"Curiosity Rover's 55 Picture Self-Portrait"
"Relevant image.. (Yes  I know it's a repost  but it's relevant and made me chuckle)"
"Isaac had it coming."
"Basically most the girls on my timeline."
"World's Tallest Dog in Michigan!"
"I've never made a .gif before but..."
"What do smart girls get?"
"My response when a theist ask me &quot;what if your wrong&quot;"
"Aurelius on life"
"New Yorkers save space by parking cars in jelly"
"Best slutty Halloween costume I've seen so far"
"Found this saved to the desktop at work today. It was simply titled ghost.jpg. I don't know what else I expected."
"Just a little piece of advice for those starting No Shave November."
"Real-World application at its finest."
"When I pay my debts to the gang"
"the epitome of a thug"
"W... Why the fuck does this exist?! [NSFW]"
"I'm breaking up with you"
"Let us gracefully break things  /r/Gifsound."
"You left your lights on... [pic]"
"I bought a Rolling Stone magazine today..."
"Whenever I share my opinions on Reddit..."
"After telling your parents you are an atheist around Christmas time..."
"I've been expecting you!"
"When ever I'm on a swivel chair and someone walks in."
"Visiting Grandpa"
"Statistics (Possibly [NSFW] )"
"FIRE! Dance?"
"So...do you think he's a vampire yet?"
"Wazzaaaaaaaap"
"Hard to believe I was 120lbs heavier 3 years ago. All handmade costume  how did I do Reddit?"
"Hug? Yes  yes? Aww..."
"Thought id give the sunday night redditors something a little fun to do! now find him"
"Hey there Grape! (Repost)"
"I'm gonna get me some Moms"
"I don't like the internet anymore"
"Men all over the world"
"Now THIS is how you keep a dog in a cone very happy."
"MISTY"
"Silly Bitch...."
"Hot Misty Halloween Costume"
"The Dog Knight Rises"
"When you don't like a popular post"
"We run this..."
"Suddenly...WTF!"
"I am extremely envious"
"Past and Present"
"The Internet Has Ruined Me"
"I miss this show."
"deerrppp"
"Daryl  shooting zombies and fairies"
"wait. what ?! [GIF]"
"i decided to check out what all the fuss about r/spacedicks is......."
"Whenever I see someone repost this gif"
"Ultimate dog!"
"When I See New Versions of Socially Awkward Penguin"
"I never realized God was such a badass"
"Buddhist monk and a tiger"
"So peaceful. Anyone know the back-story?"
"Friends..."
"Fuck anteaters  I'm a pangolin"
"Sweet beats falling on deaf ears"
"thank you i will take care of it as if it were my own"
"impossibru!"
"boss fight"
"classic..."
"Cup O' Duck"
"perfect"
"You thought YOUR water was bad?"
"Got this a while ago  still gives me the chuckles"
"Just another fucking cat picture."
"You missed a spot"
"Obama wants to take away are guns"
"Suspicious cat."
"It's simple (x-post from r/gaming)"
"Miracles...."
"wtf internet (not sure if repost)"
"Googled &quot;How to Reddit&quot; and this was the first result."
"Must... Keep... Redditing..."
"Oh shit."
"Hannibal: the REALLY early years"
"Too bad they smell awful."
"Handful of Sugar Gliders"
"How I imagine my best friend and I look together"
"I noticed something about Paul Ryan today..."
"Knock knock.."
"Knock Knock. [courtesy of FPS Russia]"
"&quot; PAY ATTENTION TO MEEEEEE &quot;"
"Right in the childhood..."
"How I feel getting into an un-air conditioned subway car."
"How the refs feel after yesterday's call."
"He's thinking about his dead homies"
"Brush Your Shoulders Off"
"Found this near my school"
"I wait all year for this day."
"A cute picture of me as a baby..."
"Fuck parachutes  you can possibly play tennis!"
"Sure makes me proud"
"Illogical arguments are illogical"
"all I see when fans try to catch a foul ball in the world series..."
"How I feel when people come to my apartment..."
"Moving out of my apartment soon and the landlord is starting to show my place to people..."
"There is no real reason why maps our maps aren't like this."
"Reddit...this is a baby owl"
"Ballet is not what you think (pic)"
"Into the lake"
"The original hipster."
"This hipster bitch"
"How I veiw people who complain about the new pokemon generations"
"How I feel as a 32 year old watching the MTV VMAs"
"ed edd  and eddy fail"
"Bath time"
"Baby Monkey Taking A Bath"
"Monkey taking a bath"
"GTA Logic"
"Subtle Gif"
"Dropped (nsfw)"
"Well  they set him up for it..."
"Play Dead"
"Hello Tailpipe."
"True love&lt;3"
"This is how I flirt"
"This seemed fitting"
"Self-Conscious"
"well fuck  that hurt....."
"In Russia car seat is you."
"Sexy Picard has a question for Wesley"
"Screenshot just found on facebook"
"Smart move  drunk Brandon"
"So guess what happened when they allowed links on circlejerk today"
"Red vs Blue: You decide. WTF is a person to do?"
"How I feel being introduced to Odd Future"
"only slightly over the top"
"Is that a penis?"
"You never know.."
"If only..."
"You are fucking kidding me PETA."
"When I go to the toilet after trying to hold it in for nearly an hour"
"don't stare into his eyes"
"Final Exams."
"just a frog and a mouse"
"longest bellyflop ever."
"Euclid's on the Block"
"What downvoting someone with one upvote looks like."
"How it looks when I try to pick up girls."
"Must have really hurt."
"Steam profile  mocks religion in one part"
"Well  that's one way to answer the question..."
"What are you gonna do  stab me?"
"&quot;What are you gonna do  stab me?&quot;"
"&quot;Well  yeah.&quot;"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Apparently yes..."
"Ahurdurdurdurdurdurrr"
"I see your cat with a stuffed animal  and raise you this"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"Be careful what you wish for!"
"This is MY home town. Needless to say I don't live there more either."
"Today is my Reddit birthday  nothing in my life is interesting  so I guess I'll just share my current wallpaper."
"Dogfighting"
"Asian dog fighting"
"just strolling around google images when suddenly....."
"Forever Alone Leonardo DiCaprio!"
"How to get hit by a car like a boss."
"Its going down at the dance tonight"
"Sorrento  Italy"
"So you're old enough to remember stuff.."
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game"
"You aren't safe anywhere."
"NOPE"
"Home &lt;3"
"Carl Sagan  the big picture."
"My respect for the ancient Easter Island people has massively increased"
"My friend sent me this after I said I'd stay up past 9 tonight..."
"Only in India"
"Who knew Sarah Jessica Parker was an olympian??"
"Stop it  Judas."
"Adolf Hipster (fucking funny)"
"Looks like Ron Swanson truly is an overly manly man"
"It actually passed!?"
"Here  lemmie just rub your neck."
"This was in something I posted to f7u12  and judging by the comments  it would do well here"
"He did not come to be served..."
"Nothing like a cat that likes to cuddle"
"Star Wars Legit"
"Luke's death defying leap in Cloud City..."
"Saw this and it was all I could think of (Make sure to show video)"
"How I feel about all the trolling and &quot;karma-whoring&quot; on the frontpage"
"Fifa 13 - great success.. PES  not so much."
"Kitten Blanket"
"Just a wizard grabbing some petrol"
"Hardcore Jacuzziing"
"You're calling this food  human?"
"The most pathetic reaction in horror movie history"
"Winter War stats"
"Why don't more drivers pay attention to this sign?"
"Hairless bear: even scarier than a bear with fur?"
"I'm Speechless"
"Ouch! - Sa Jae-Hyouk  South Korean Weightlifter (poor guy)"
"Trying to carry all the groceries in one trip"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"Incredible TDKR Street Art"
"Should Probably Get the checked Out"
"Amazing Dark Knight street art"
"Should be permanently on the frontpage of reddit"
"I hate horror games  but thought I should try one in case my tastes changed  so I chose Amnesia. Never. Again."
"My exact reaction to spiders."
"I googled weird cars and I can't stop laughing at this."
"(NSFW) Is it bad that  while unsettling me alil  this made me laugh way more than anything has in awhile?"
"The first time one of my submissions caught fire and got hundreds of upvotes."
"whether youve seen it or not  this picture is amazing. its incredible what we're capable of building."
"Deadly facts about water"
"Made me say wtf"
"Beware! The TOTALLY TRUE FACTS."
"This Time"
"Since people are putting up their favorite gifs  I figure I'd put up a favorite of mine."
"*poke poke*"
"WTF are you doing cat? [Gif]"
"&quot;Can I have pets  please?&quot;"
"Hey  excuse me... can you just... yeah  that's it... [gif]"
"Hey  excuse me... can you just... yeah  that's it..."
"Here is a cuteness overload"
"This sleeve is pretty dope."
"Every of the time!"
"Bears in Flin Flon enjoy their R&amp;R (x-posted from Pics)"
"How I feel after coming home from a week at the beach."
"After waiting 6 months to get into the D3 beta and finally playing and beating Leoric."
"Just saw The Avengers in 3D. This was me every 30 seconds."
"Me  when my [live in] gf says that she's going out on a weeknight"
"How i feel after i pop a zit (possibly nsfw)"
"After going two days without fapping and coming home from the beach."
"What I think October 1st is going to be like for a lot of you."
"I made it 16 days this time around..."
"Gentleman Baby"
"The best meme"
"My reaction when Youtube AND Gmail changed their page format."
"[MFW] I heard snoopdog changed his name to snoop lion"
"Life can be Grand."
"Outtake from The Birds Alfred Hitchcock"
"How the internet works"
"Poor dog..."
"Placenta Teddy Bear"
"Now I know how Calvin felt [x-post from r/calvinandhobbes]"
"Just tried to read some of the posts on ChristWire  my general thoughts:"
"Just went and sat down with a group of people I didn't know chilling in the hall of my dorm. This was their reaction."
"Super Derp! (So much Win)"
"Bitch I got a hovercraft"
"Animals Being Dicks; Roomba style"
"Peek-a-boo  I see poo!"
"Found on Google+ [FIXED]"
"My tablet game wish"
"I choose you"
"Hide and Seek with Osama"
"I'll just come back later..."
"How I feel as a /b/rother making my first post on Reddit"
"Watching you. (x-post from /r/perfecttiming)"
"how fps games are made...genius"
"Every first person shooter"
"Devoted to Anti Cheating."
"Children traumatized when &quot;Never Say Never&quot; is shown instead of &quot;literally anything else&quot; in UK cinema."
"Girls don't dance with me at parties because I dance like this.."
"Electric Avenue"
"This is me  trying to get to the front page."
"This is how I've felt posting on reddit lately."
"So close..."
"Kiss Cam"
"I never get tired of looking at these... this one is MY fav..."
"Nope."
"Pokemon Celebrities"
"It's my cakeday so here's a stupid Pokemon Comic"
"I once had a nightmare of this ..."
"I really enjoy working at a datacenter."
"I wish i could do this"
"Just messing around with Siri  when..."
"I have laryngitis. Siri misunderstood me and got all introspective (original content)"
"Seems some of the male population and Siri share a common problem"
"Wasn't expecting this reply from Siri..."
"I think Siri has the right idea."
"Does anyone else find this mildly alarming?"
"I hate yo... Wait what?"
"Had to."
"Thursday is the one year anniversary of &quot;the&quot; east coast earthquake"
"Look at this dog"
"Imaginary friends"
"Dinner Time NSFW"
"Dinner Time"
"Dinner time."
"dinner time."
"Its dinnertime!!!"
"Oh Children"
"Dinner Time"
"Oh god  my sides[NSFW?]"
"Children"
"Oh Children..."
"ITS DINNER TIME"
"Dinner time"
"So I guess we can stop rape now"
"Two kitys Two cups"
"Cats in Cups"
"Frankie Burns a dude"
"In their Lumping tongue he is DOVAHFINN"
"skyrim time with jake and finn"
"What my wife said when she checked my reddit account and noticed I can't make it past new."
"Happy Hanukkah"
"How I picture trolls waiting for a response to their mischief (x /r/gifs)"
"How I picture Karmanaut after deleting Bad Luck Brian's AMA  so true it's sad."
"As a new redditor  how it feels to get an upvote..."
"Gimme fue!"
"me as classmates told our teacher about reddit. (our school likes to block websites)"
"Benghazi Muslim on Women"
"Leptocephalus meets American Beauty"
"How I feel trying to cheer up my GF"
"Me when I try to learn the controls to a new game."
"Visual approximation of working self checkout on a Sunday"
"Browsing /r/wtf when I hear someone at the door.."
"Nando's new slogan"
"I've mastered your earthly sport. Now I must go  my people need me."
"Oh wow a nice pair of tit-OH MY GOD"
"Maybe it's Maybeline [NSFW]"
"Horribly true these days.."
"Hellen Keller has a FB page"
"So today's my birthday and this's how I felt."
"At what point would you stop looking out this window and do anything else?"
"Realizing your dog is watching you masturbate (SFW)"
"Works everytime"
"My friend just posted this pumpkin carving on Facebook"
"What Romney needs to do to win the election"
"Days go by"
"does this require an explanation?"
"Metal goat"
"WHY THANK YOU!"
"That is the cutest dress!"
"Just a pack of puppies"
"So I just had Nutella for the first time."
"Waking up to find I had a successful post on Reddit"
"Saw this in r/gif. I think this belongs here."
"An acid trip."
"There are no words to describe this."
"WANTED: Dead &amp; Alive"
"Head stand on car"
"catnip is for pussies"
"Cricket player Andrew Strauss destroys his own sunglasses. (xpost from /r/gifs)"
"How I feel when downvoting a post to zero (OC)"
"GO!"
"I just finished high school and realized I never had a date."
"Serious Relationship"
"Dog Wrestling"
"&quot;Lolita Sex Toy&quot; I... I'm not quite sure of what to say..."
"Starry Night"
"Van Gogh on Drugs? [Gif] (x-post /r/WTF)"
"Quite possibly the best gif of all time."
"TY... for forever changing how I look at running.. as a sport.."
"The body's natural position"
"Grenade throw fail"
"When an ex calls you while you're asleep and you drowsily answer the phone."
"Whenever I eat buffalo wings..."
"Two husky puppies"
"U is a tasty snack for meez"
"Bath salts"
"Bath salts"
"One hell of a dr... Awe"
"Got your nose"
"I like when they bite!"
"First time getting a lap dance; this is how I felt."
"Methane Rocket Test Fire"
"When I enjoy a link but don't upvote"
"To whoever took my clothes out of the dryer 2 minutes into the cycle..."
"Still the best gif of all time  no cats here either"
"When people tell me guns are dangerous and unnecessary."
"it seemed to fit"
"Don't ask him to double-bounce you."
"Elephant on trampoline."
"sweet license plate bro"
"Party in aisle 15"
"Hi-Five!"
"I was never good with women"
"Baby and a cat on a swing (from George Takei's Facebook)"
"Mr. Furlon? Mr. Footlong?"
"It's Asian Night at the Roxbury."
"What r/homestuck seems like because I am still in act 5"
"For all the reddit is down news reporters."
"What r/imgoingtohellforthis is actually like"
"No...NO..NO NO HELL NO....Can somebody PLEASE subtitle this?"
"How I feel when I see a nsfw that's not labeled"
"How I felt when my parents called it &quot;The Black Night&quot;"
"Listening to music on anything but my $300 headphones."
"A girl in one of my classes today described atheism as being 'A lot like Scientology'."
"Ankles: The new shoes. [NSFW]"
"Republicans who stumble into /r/politics/"
"Arrested Development. I miss you."
"After one year on reddit  this is all I have to say to you guys."
"Poor Rex"
"So sorry. So terribly  terribly sorry."
"My expression when someone ninja posts or writes what I was gunna say..."
"Every time you leave the room..."
"Didn't know what to do for my cake day so here is my GIF collection."
"World Class Gymnastics"
"Don't Fuck With Rhinos"
"Don't touch his Fruity Pebbles..."
"An Accurate Illustration of the UK's Space Program"
"I give you The Floppy Snake of Brazil"
"made me sick."
"He thinks he's people"
"As a covert Atheist  it always bugs me when people quote this verse."
"My brother said this gem today"
"Scumbag Christian on Zombies"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Ta Da!"
"Robo Nazi Rock"
"Giant Nazi with a Chainsaw Attacks Skyscraper"
"&quot;Tabby Tote&quot; Cat Carrier"
"Promising friendship"
"Making the most of it"
"Metal Pizza"
"Post-op [NSFL]"
"Human+Dog=WTF"
"Damn  right in the childhood"
"Now I can FINALLY sleep comfortably."
"I usually don't like bulldogs  but this is too cute."
"Must Have Suitcase."
"still the best gif ever"
"Alfred Hitchcock \m/"
"Alfred Hitchcock throwin' some horns"
"Trainer Barack would like to battle!"
"Please  pass the sugar"
"By far the scariest game ever made. [fixed]"
"Searched Robert Downey Jr.  needless to say I was not disappointed"
"How Goodell should be acting in referee negotiations."
"Lu Cat"
"I didn't sign up for this!"
"Get Down With It!"
"Baby Cake on my Cake Day"
"Baby Cake"
"Convention logic Vs. Religious logic"
"Religion logic"
"Batcat"
"Ready for Halloween..."
"batcat"
"You're going to have to blow harder than that!"
"my face upon the discovery of r/popping"
"What I feel like doing as a redditor of a 11 months finally mustering up the courage to go on r/spacedicks"
"My reaction when random button took me to r/spacedicks"
"How i feel when down-voted..."
"how i feel when down-voted"
"I'd probably have killed her anyway."
"Meanwhile  in Russia...."
"He's been working on his roar: Wallpaper"
"The dog ate my..."
"'Please help' got me.."
"How cats purr"
"Hey reddit  do you really know why cats purr?"
"So that's what happens.."
"Hey  you!"
"I'll just put this here...(xpost from 4chan)"
"I would pay a fortune for this painting..."
"When I go to a swimming pool after watching Olympic diving"
"Kanye West."
"The TRUE Hitler"
"Mother of god."
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this [FIXED]"
":D"
"I fucking love otters"
"Justin Beanber"
"Yeah  thats not what they are called."
"smack that Squirtle"
"Do you see Jesus?"
"I'm watching you."
"How do you organize a space party?"
"I find this very sympathetic and wish I could be as free from preconceived notions myself (x-post from r/atheism)"
"Ain't it the truth."
"Because he's a cat"
"Drunk Spiderman."
"Oh the wonders of our universe..."
"Popped eye"
"A little spinach  if you please."
"Battered Warrior (x-post from /r/Popeye)"
"Variable Harlequin Toad [xpost r/costarica]"
"So I Googled &quot;So I googled&quot;. Got a very nice surprise."
"Punch ALL the Snooki"
"Never gets old."
"party time? yes i think so..."
"When I look at my cat on Acid..."
"Mesmerizing rainbow attack!"
"Massaging the air"
"awwww  kittyyyy"
"Irony"
"Almost...got it..."
"I think this belongs here."
"Your move Atheists..."
"My favorite protester"
"Too Fucking Awesome"
"This works too perfectly..."
"Saw this is r/gifs  thought it belonged here"
"Stage 1  Start!"
"So this is how a Slim Jim is made?"
"&quot;What a nice night to be drivi-NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.&quot;"
"Jehovah meets Kanye"
"The Evolution Of Video Game Controllers"
"Someone's reaction when a link of his is reposted by me and makes it to the front page"
"My reaction to every Calculus lesson I've learned this year."
"When my wife tried serving me haggis on st. patricks day"
"When the person before you doesn't flush"
"What I think of anytime someone says the phrase 'fine ass titties'. (SFW)"
"I believe it was neinty nein cents."
"I see what jew did there"
"True Thug Life"
"When I looked at my work schedule and I saw that im off 5/15"
"Super Swimmer EEEEENNNT!!!"
"I wasn't planning to"
"Gangsta... wait a minute."
"Haters gonna hate."
"&lt;3 ALL U NEED IS LOVE AND DANCE AND ROLLER SKATES &lt;3"
"The Birds have Been Released."
"Say Cheese!!"
"I can takes picturez?"
"Fuck this  I'm outta here"
"shoop-de-woop"
"Does this describe you too?"
"This made me laugh for way too long"
"I think a little over the top with the piercings"
"Gimmie the Lute!"
"Conspiracy Keanu on fetch"
"conspiracy keanu"
"Well then that would explain a lot."
"final act of trolling?"
"Classic Conspiracy Keanu"
"Colorblind people..."
"Who freakin knew"
"Complete mind reversal ..."
"0 fucks given!"
"What a way to go..."
"Willy Noooooo!!!"
"Can't say I didn't see that coming.."
"This scene always makes me sentimental"
"this dog makes me laugh every time. SO HAPPY."
"How I felt reaching 2 000 comment karma"
"The taste of love"
"The difference of skill between Emma Watson and Kristen Stewart"
"Emma Watson vs. Kristin Stewart"
"fuck karma"
"New supply has arrived"
"Scruffy get back here"
"Dammit Scruffy  you're a dog!"
"Peter Griffin  ladies and gentlemen."
"Cash4Gold doesn't pay for humor"
"When you're right you're right"
"Seahorse meets a diver's watch"
"Winning"
"Tits; no tits"
"Oh Adam  you pimp"
"What Happens When I Am Confronted By A Pretty Girl [GIF]"
"Friday nights"
"When i am 7 beers in."
"Cat Toy"
"Come on guys... really?"
"And at night..."
"This show has gotten dark"
"Double Pareidolia"
":) happy end to a great day"
"Gingerbread Crackhouse"
"Obama is puffing before D-DAY!"
"Everyone wants to shoot dinosaurs. Did everyone forget these games?"
"I find this pretty bad-ass!"
"nailed it"
"the process"
"Sadly enough  this is how reddit has been lately..."
"Definitively..."
"You can't be serious."
"When people tell me that Slender is scary..."
"How the fu..........."
"Cat Mittens"
"Aged Gordon Freeman"
"Bear Cap Killa"
"Dude..."
"The power of the Moustache"
"Listen to me Jeremy"
"so encourageing"
"WHAT ? ._."
"R.I.P. Mitch Lucker from Suicide Silence. You will be missed by your family and fans."
"new fav office prank"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Lost cat"
"For those i love  i will sacrifice......"
"What it's like closing Reddit"
"I bet he sniffed his fingers after"
"Found this gem on Facebook."
"No clever title  just my dog cooling off."
"Montage"
"Al Pacino and Christopher Walken"
"Family values"
"The Christmas spirit (NSFW)"
"London Overground PSA  smashing good sassy British humour"
"Honey? Yes  dear? Where the fuck is our waiter going?"
"YES I'M HOME FR-- (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Every time I watch it  it's just as good as the last."
"Me when I realized today's my first cake day"
"This is how I feel watching the NFL this week since my team was knocked out of the playoffs last week..."
"Scumbag Local News Channel"
"Scumbag roommate"
"working at a movie theater  I've noticed..."
"I seriously just met someone like this"
"Pisses me off to no end"
"I have a friend who does this frequently. I don't understand why she bothers."
"As a Dachshund owner...Yes  this is very true."
"I must do this daily."
"cant really think of a title for this one"
"Why didn't I know about this earlier?"
"Lava"
"This is on of my favorite Calvin and Hobbes."
"Hope I don't have to delete this one..."
"Every time."
"SAP gets a Tattoo"
"SAP goes on a date"
"Me tonight"
"This happens way too often"
"Ready for Battle"
"Daylight Savings"
"What's the coolest perk/thing you've gotten free with a game? (virtual hats don't count)"
"The reaction when you click on that post that makes you take a break from reddit"
"Best poll for voter turnout I have ever seen"
"The eruption of Chile's Puyehue volcano causing over 3 000 to evacuate."
"How I feel when someone tries to talk to me while I'm browsing reddit."
"Walking outside with my Boss...He ask's me if I smoke...I answered &quot;Smoke what?&quot;...His reaction"
"My life in Battlefield 3..."
"Spidercat"
"That there is one good hypnotist"
"It's always good to double check"
"This made me smile."
"Just a chimp and a tiger cub."
"And here is a chimp holding a tiger cub"
"Does anyone else do &quot;The Tuck&quot;?"
"I love doing this"
"&quot;To all the girls who are in a hurry to have a boyfriend...&quot;"
"He makes Sunday School fun."
"So thats why you guys like him so much!"
"This picture should just about win every argument. period."
"Olympic divers mid-dive."
"When the guy tied up in my basement begs me for food"
"I saw the sign"
"I guess Sheldon used to be bald."
"Radioactivity is neat. That is all."
"The Kyoshi...wat? [x-post r/avatargifs"
"The most dedicated drive-thru employee."
"A Year of Wasted Time - My Favorite Pic"
"When I meet a friend I have not seen in a long time"
"How I feel when I forget a friend's handshake."
"Earth [2048x2048] You are Here"
"Amnesia Limited Edition Box Art"
"The only fun way to have a heart attack"
"That is one sleepy cat."
"Is this the real life?"
"Wtf!!!"
"Meet Snowball  The Side-Winding Cat."
"Nice"
"Elevator! Stairs!"
"He'll make it all better."
"Helping my 2nd grade neighbor with his homework"
"Heating up my Subway sandwich at work that I saved from last night..."
"Dolphin having a whale of a time"
"5th grade spelling test"
"The irony..."
"Looks like I spoke Spanish and French and didn't even know it."
"Truer Words Were Never Spoken."
":|"
"oh peter"
"When your parents forced you to go to church..."
"When your forever alone"
"When I realized I've spent a year of my life putzing around on reddit..."
"With a half hour commute to school  MFW class is canceled after I get there."
"How I feel when I get all the way to school to find out class was cancelled"
"So this is what the end of life looks like..."
"Maybe I'm a little bit funny"
"Hah.... your mom!"
"Social media explained."
"Friend's dog ate gum. Went for walk. This happened."
"Missed Call"
"Hungry hungry homicidal hippos"
"[Cy&amp;H] I felt a kick too  honey."
"I googled &quot;shitty instagram photo.&quot; Satisfied."
"Searched up: Shitty instagram photo. I wasn't surprised...."
"Girl getting totally carried away at wedding."
"What I will be doing on international kiss day"
"Collection of my WTF! goodies."
"Ungrateful bitch."
"Kids these days..."
"Pretty cold and rainy where I live..."
"After getting absolutely no up-votes from my posts.."
"That's a bloody outrage  it is! I want to take this all the way to the Prime Minister. Hey! Mr. Prime Minister! Andy!"
"Bill f%*#ing Murray"
"Handed to me today in the drive thru.."
"The most annoying person in Skyrim"
"I Feel Pretty"
"When I drink too much coffee before class..."
"Badass level: Over 9000"
"It was a rainy night on Sunset Boulevard  and the streetlights stole the show from the stars."
"Offended? Who cares?"
"Who the hell names hurricanes? [via tumblr]"
"This never get old to me!"
"Spangles the cross-eyed cat"
"Spent 6+ hours at the library today  I want to go home  do this  and immediately fall into bed."
"It's Friday  just got home from work!"
"The force es muy fuerte with this one..."
"&quot;Mexican&quot; starwars"
"Um......"
"Firing a Gun Underwater"
"shut up and take my money!"
"Me and Diet Dr. Pepper  every time"
"Everyone says its funny and cute  so I thought i should post it."
"made in china"
"A life pro-tip  especially for younger redditors."
"What it is in the super exclusive reddit gold subreddit."
"So  I found this today..."
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Things to say during sex"
"World Wide What? From 1991."
"11 x SR-71 Blackbirds"
"Nerd Pronz"
"this is the trippiest thing i have ever....... by accident."
"I was looking at r/gifs and listening to lindstrom  then this happened."
"The world's most famous men as the world's most beautiful women."
"Batman has a 36&quot; dick [NSFW]"
"Hitlers other  lesser known book"
"Success Tiger"
"dat feeling when you're Ashe and you make an ulta shot across the map to save a teammate from being ganked."
"What did 5 fingers say to the face! (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Whenever I see someone else with their eyes open and head raised while a prayer is being said."
"Now That's an Obituary"
"The second biggest lie I've seen"
"Apple you lying son of a bitch.."
"Arrested Mid-Haircut"
"White"
"Comment win"
"If you say so . . ."
"Shanghai 1990-2010"
"Shanghai  China. Before-1990 After-2010."
"Dancing with Mr. Curly (Credit to iammrtim for the idea)"
"What I remember middle school dances being like"
"Disco in the hood"
"Am I the only one that wanted this screensaver to be an actual game when I was a kid?"
"I've seen some strange tattoos  but this one..."
"Awesome GTA"
"Tiger philosophizing about life"
"Stay in the kitchen."
"Too much time working retail"
"I see your library in Iran and Yale  and raise you a library at Trinity College  Dublin."
"I've never been so terrified in my life."
"They will never find me in here."
"I just found this by accident on Google Images. This is why the internet is amazing."
"Go home smuggler  you're drunk."
"I reached 100 karma for the first time"
"Stevie  from Malcolm in the Middle."
"My friend's cousin is in Japan and sent this picture to him today. Japan has some Fuckin' Great Deals!"
"awesome visual phenomenon known as &quot;light pillars&quot;"
"MY favorite cyanide and happiness comic"
"Ye Olde Pokemon (Portable Atrocities)"
"From the r/Baltimore local meetup pictures...NSFW (FIXED) ... right?"
"Fastest street legal CPU of all time"
"What the heck Facebook"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"9:03 AM"
"Well  I laughed..."
"I laugh every fucking time I see this shit"
"Don't want to admit how long I laughed at this."
"MMMMMMM bacon."
"Glad this isn't my &quot;required&quot; text"
"AWW ITS JUST SO CUTE YOU CANT DENY IT ! &lt;3"
"How I imagine celebrities see most of the fans they meet..."
"my favorite GIF and possible the best GIF like...ever..."
"My childhood is made of this."
"Dirty mouth?"
"Pour chats seulement"
"Generic Names for Soft Drinks by US County"
"Very intense"
"Nah son  free pie."
"This building in Chicago messes with your head when you look at it from an angle [xpost from /r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Dog gets manicure"
"My dad giving Bishop(our dog) a manicure."
"Just a day at the salon..."
"&quot;...Then die...&quot; Bruce Lee [1370 x 679]"
"Muppets and Hitler"
"Never let a cat get hold of the red dot"
"I hope more people start to use their flashlights"
"Michael Jackson grows up  gif style"
"Barack Obama's head carved out of a pencil point [pic]"
"That moment when your phone has no signal"
"think of the first people that will be able to afford them too"
"Farmer Fat Cat!!!!"
"American cats"
"The Credible Hulk"
"r/funny doesn't get the seriousness of this issue."
"Sure  I would love a taco."
"My Relationship with the Internet"
"HIFW a post that has a lot of upvotes gets downvoted."
"this kity is hard to chew said the frog"
"Googling &quot;cute cat pictures&quot; never fails.."
"Getting ready for Halloween"
"Only game show I ever cared about."
"Well that explains it"
"Sup? Just Hangin"
"How the world came to be. Theories and evidence."
"Assassin Time"
"Adventure time spoof"
"Dream staircase with multiple drawers (Cross-post from /r/pics) [720x518]"
"Dedication to family photography"
"How I feel whenever I make an accidental repost"
"Trollin' babies."
"How i imagine the Welsh language was invented."
"The progression of a /r/poltics debate."
"what it feels like to see a nonquestion on r/askreddit"
"The ending to The Dark Knight Rises in a nutshell"
"Invincible Batman"
"Where are you going?"
"where ya goin?!"
"Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page.... Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page.... Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page.... Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page...."
"Oh... well... whatever..."
"Move Out!"
"So  I started knitting again..."
"Don't mind me..."
"That face"
"Underwater Jesus"
"Me watching LOST."
"Kitty is my baby."
"Let's just get this over with quick."
"That button makes the dog freak out"
"Tyler's New Pickup Line"
"New Pickup Line"
"So sorry Sir Berrington"
"How to get a man to wash his hands"
"How you get a guy to wash his hands"
"The Prestige"
"Just THE INTERNET"
"Getting old."
"Catbercrombie"
"Abercrombie&amp;Feline"
"Black cat gives no fucks."
"HERP HERP BA-DERP"
"The force"
"Awesome Cougars!"
"There's a hidden message (NSFW)"
"Hello Mr. Bear"
"Vladimir Putin around the age of 8"
"While they tend to receive a lot of hate; 9 times out of 10 they're just regular people making a living in delicate circumstances for a flawed system they probably don't always agree with."
"Phuket"
"Whenever someone buys something from me"
"My type of watermelon sculpture"
"Creepiest car seat ever?"
"Bill Cosby  everybody!"
"THATS IT  IM DONE. No more internet for me today."
"Reddit meetup of 1964"
"Surreal Beach"
"Found this one browsing through the internet"
"Beach"
"FUCKING REPOSTS!"
"mfw people tell me alcohol is less dangerous than trees."
"milk carton &quot;suggestion&quot;"
"TIL How dogs drink water with their tongues."
"BREAKING: North Korea Launches Missile"
"BREAKING: North Korea Launches Missile"
"Beans."
"Beans was always my favorite."
"I'm just saying..."
"How we do things here"
"Favorite gif on the internet."
"Pikachu use flash!!"
"Be this guy."
"Well then..."
"Day 30"
"Awesome"
"This is the card I'll be sending all of my relatives this Christmas"
"Seasons Greetings"
"Season's Greetings"
"An Albino tiger  Black &amp; White  Golden and Bengal tiger all posing together "
"Rooks can do that too!"
"Pawn attempting to touch every square on a chess board"
"Don't run with sharp objects."
"Game of the century"
"Three words."
"TIL......Wut?"
"Bryan Cranston directing this week's episode of 'The Office'"
"Has your bike been stolen?"
"Bikes"
"Bike hoarder."
"Some masterful coughing... courtesy of Google Images."
"My body is ready."
"RUN!"
"TRUCK!!!"
"All of them died...true story"
"Seriously bad-ass saw."
"Rawr! I'm a dinosaur!"
"I saw this and immediately wondered if Reddit has saw it yet"
"Lmao"
"My Mind Blew Up With All of this WTF."
"Everything about this is wtf!"
"Every time I click on a link in /r/WTF"
"Adventure Time!"
"That's funny"
"I don't think there's another song that fits this better."
"When i woke up to see i got karma"
"Tip and trick when it has to be done."
"When all else fails..."
"How NOT to ride a motorcycle"
"Uhm...what?"
"Hole in one! [NSFW]"
"I wish i had a relationship like this."
"Soon...ish."
"Cop made OP ruin computer."
"Anon's story about thin privilege"
"A-dog-alypse Now"
"Cupcakes! Oh god... what have I done..."
"You are the universe experiencing itself [2048x1195]"
"This game is the sole reason I know anything about computers. I was 5 when it came out."
"When I discovered my girlfriends ex was my former bully as child"
"Watching my asian girlfriend back her car out of my up-hill driveway"
"Pic I took yesterday in New York"
"Stairway to heaven."
"Just Jivin'"
"Drop that beat!"
"Now. Live it. The prime time of your life."
"Beard Slap!"
"Airport in Gibraltar."
"Where can I find this kind of love?"
"too...much...cute..."
"Checked to see when my cakeday was  turns out it's today  so here's some cute cats to celebrate!"
"kitty dreams and mom hugs"
"Over and over and over"
"Self pwn"
"Well..."
"Underwater cave"
"Mindfuck Lightbulb"
"my take on &quot;yolo&quot;"
"Working in a movie theatre with the name &quot;Jacob&quot; this weekend"
"Octopus."
"Awesome title [cut cat gif]"
"This is a terrible sales report"
"John Lennon - Wise Words"
"[NSFW] Can't get a good picture of your trophy poo in the bowl? No problem..."
"Piece of shit"
"he got distracted by the cake"
"That'll be a story to tell the grandkids"
"Best part of the Gangnam Style video"
"Has this been a problem before?"
"Isn't this what the fitting rooms are for?"
"Moving Ramp Fail"
"Too Damn High"
"How I feel being a short guy in a public bathroom"
"Bill Nye the science guy does an AMA..."
"Me when my comment sparks an argument."
"Now that's science  Bill."
"The deepest photo I've ever seen"
"Everytime I see something new at the beach"
"what the actual fucking fuck."
"I want this read at my funeral"
"My GF would actually do this..."
"Found out my co-workers last name was Badcock."
"civil war re-enactment"
"A Friend Of Mine Came Home Late. This Was The Hint From His Wife That This Is Unacceptable..."
"That moment when you walk into 300 people class and professor says all homework and powerpoints are posted on blackboard."
"Best. Cat. Ever."
"Baby Meowth"
"NO  MINE!"
"Mr. T has no idea"
"Thar she blows!"
"Fuck everything about this!"
"no shave never"
"The Photobomb Special"
"My Reaction To Hearing Snooki Gets a Spinoff after Hearing Jersey Shore Was Cancelled"
"How I react when someone asks me if I smoke"
"Not the baby"
"Am I the only one that misses these ? (90's kids will remember)"
"Fun for the whole family!"
"Family fun!"
"What the hell is that"
"Move yourself and save money  they said"
"Awww Yeeah"
"I'm just going to go bathe in hand sanitizer now..."
"Ed Edd N' Eddy is pure swag"
"SWAG"
"The target of Apple's next lawsuit?"
"Michelle and the kids sneak up on Obama after his speec. His is face is of pure terror."
"His true identity is revealed!"
"boba fett without his mask ... WAT!?"
"I'd burn my house down and start over..."
"oh HELL no..."
"Making racists look good"
"THIS is what your kids are texting..."
"Siberian Bear Hunting Armour c.1800s"
"Fucking tourists"
"Googled &quot;The cutest thing on the internet&quot; I got this baby red panda doing the Thriller."
"So that's how you turn him off!"
"It's my time to shine!"
"I will dance  the dance of my people!"
"My girlfriend and me at an [8]"
"Just a Corgi with a maple leaf on its nose."
"How big is the specific ocean"
"Highway sign during storm"
"From faceswap to full horror mode"
"Just a Panda Family... Wait  What?"
"My gif-dump for the world to use"
"As a Vermonter  reading about the other states finally getting on our level."
"Awesome Phone Case!!!"
"Only available in certain stores"
"Two friends out for a walk..."
"Just promise me you'll do something great with your life."
"PARKOUR!"
"Hardcore parkour!"
"She does have a point there."
"The classic dog on a roof scenario."
"Reddit hypnosis test"
"How I feel when I'm about to go to /gonewild"
"1800s Siberian Bear Hunting Armor (from /r/darksouls)"
"Bill Murray"
"Nobody's going to believe you"
"my god  they've mated"
"Haggis Wong - The only Asian Ginger I have ever seen"
"Mr. Breeze"
"This is how you get the job done."
"To all the haters"
"Look into my eyes!"
"You're not so scary!"
"A Not so Scary Slenderman"
"Woody"
"How I feel when I wake up"
"Happy Holidays from Coca-Cola"
"Bitch please  I'm fabulous !"
"Boom"
"An Arctic Fox pup"
"The hunt."
"All the smallest places [FB]"
"I am too."
"This popped up on my newsfeed. I laughed."
"How it feels to be a PSN member when your friends are on XBL"
"I wasnt talking to you"
"I don't want to have sex with you... Unless...."
"BOOM HEADSHOT"
"I FUCKING LOVE LEAVES!!!"
"Well... I'm not going to sleep anymore."
"When my girlfriend and friends are arguing and they want me to pick a side"
"The Feast?"
"FEELSGOODMAN"
"Now that's a happy cat"
"They said I could be whatever I wanted..."
"Paul Newman and Clint Eastwood just being Paul Newman and Clint Eastwood  early '70's"
"Rainbow Cloud over Mt. Thamserku in the Himalayas"
"truer words have never been spoken"
"....misty really let herself go"
"The most playful gun ever invented."
"Albert Einstein said it first."
"Russell Brand at the Olympics [FB]"
"So a friend of mine overheard this conversation while working at game stop."
"Taught my mom Reddit [FB]"
"Oh a pelica...wat?"
"How I feel after my first successful reddit post"
"How I feel watching my karma rise from recent submission."
"Railroad after earthquake"
"Dramatic SAM JACKSON"
"Whenever my friend gets more upvotes than me"
"Apparently this bridge would work."
"Ooohhhh  bouncy!"
"Childhood death traps [FIXED]"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"This is awesome! The Death Star."
"The realization your DD is more drunk than you..."
"Beautiful and perfectly timed"
"One of the many differences between Romney and Obama."
"Some people just wanna watch the world crash and burn..."
"Decisions on catnip.."
"what did the five fingers say to the face"
"Oh shit! What was that? Just algae on a ladder."
"Mr. Taco"
"Instructions: Play to dubstep"
"This is your cat on dubstep"
"Here's my favorite gif for my cake day."
"Lincoln's luck has really turned around"
"Lincoln's doing well at the theaters."
"Lincoln"
"The new Lincoln movie is doing quite well indeed..."
"If Breaking Bad and Street Fighter had a baby."
"Oh God..."
"Me  when I came across r/spacedicks"
"I just got iphOWNED."
"Bitch"
"Peter Griffin plays Skyrim"
"The first thing i thought of when i saw this site...."
"Cuteness defined"
"Instantly... the sound."
"Always Gave Me Nightmares"
"Now kiss."
"When I realize Chris Hardwick  not a random podcaster  submitted the Tom Hanks Invitation"
"When I realize Chris Hardwick  not a random podcaster  submitted the Tom Hanks Invitation"
"I pretty much lost it on this one"
"This one fits better"
"Nothing says America like explosives and alcohol."
"Best Buds"
"Just upvoted a bunch of posts because I could."
"Atheist cat"
"Rotating Tesseract"
"Your punishment must be more severe"
"Dapper fox is dapper"
"Natural pixel shadow on window blinds after rain. [Cross-post from ITAP]"
"Gets me every time"
"Yo Dog  I heard you like Marc Jacobs"
"Come on bra  I gotcha!"
"Take my hand  I love you."
"Man  I need a reboot of this series."
"Is this offensive? No? Good."
"Shotting Accident"
"We all know a girl who likes horses a little too much."
"Terrifying faceswap [x-post from r/funny]"
"Lol  doctors.."
"Epic Mario wallpaper is still my favorite -- what's yours?"
"Alain Robert climbing Burj Khalifa (tallest building in the world)"
"PetFuckers™ International"
"If you see God  upvote. If you love Jesus  resubmit."
"my friend posted this on facebook thought it should go her"
"Panda Tree"
"WUB WUB WUB!!!"
"I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING!"
"Nailed it."
"Okay technically."
"I've been noticing some confusion lately  it's time this was posted again."
"Dat ass.[NSFW]"
"404 Error"
"Once i used to give a fuck... Once"
"Just going for a stroll."
"I tweeted the woman who's picture was used for &quot;Sheltering Suburban Mom&quot; and pointed out she was a meme. She replied..."
"chuckle every time[most likely repost]"
"Like a boss"
"A manly man  man."
"&quot;Above All&quot;"
"My cat is leash trained. Ok  well he's still learning."
"[7]"
"Ermahgerd"
"Does this actually work on Girl?"
"27b/6's author David Thorne &quot;prepped and ready for any eventuality&quot; related to hurricane Sandy."
"Ok  the hurricane winds are picking up in VA but I am prepped and ready for any eventuality:"
"Creativity taken a bit too far..."
"When you know you're in a dangerous neighborhood"
"That's quite a cough."
"Pokemon logic"
"Finally broke down and made an account; reddit must know if its cuteness. Tiny Pudu fawn!"
"when you see it...."
"Saw this on Facebook  thought it should be posted here"
"A good way to scare a few people"
"Officer  I thought they were real!"
"Found this cute/funny photo of my dad as a kid. Made me chuckle."
"The Great Escape"
"The salesperson told me it's the game that all the kids want..."
"Golf ball hitting wall in slow motion"
"How I feel when a r/gonewild post is #1 on my front page"
"Why arguing with theists is almost always pointless"
"A true gamer's motto"
"Gradients of RGB colour in a three volume set"
"'Merica."
"Kate Upton &quot;It's a wrap!&quot;"
"I am made of Marijuana"
"today is my real cakeday..."
"*boop*"
"Welcome to the jungle!"
"I need to go pee  but I can't move"
"Every day at 5pm."
"The average Redditor when a female shows interest in them."
"He seems nice"
"When you see it.."
"Trying to submit something you haven't seen on reddit  only to discover it's already been submitted and received a mass of up-votes"
"economy crisis? here  let me give you a little hand."
"anti-lock brakes"
"People keep saying posts here are not &quot;truly WTF&quot; so I typed that in google image search and here is what I found"
"Pure Hard Rock"
"Killing it 101"
"Kung Fu... kitty?"
"best quote ever"
"Pop Art Inspired Costume."
"I hate it when cashiers make remarks"
"Almost every fucking time"
"I have the most WTF boner right now."
"And then Apple decided to sue Skyscrapers and Dildos."
"The Dynamic Duo"
"Reality...who needs it"
"If you give a mouse a cookie...."
"Awkward family portraits. My new favourite thing!"
"Chivalry  Valor  and hotpockets (nsfw)"
"All of these years they've been feeding me lies!"
"TIL United Kingdom is kawaii desu~"
"Have some hope"
"So true..."
"YouTube strikes again..."
"Guile Theme Goes with EVERYTHING! Turn the video on for twice the fun"
"How I feel when I had been saving a funny picture to post just for my cakeday  only to realize it was posted earlier by someone else..."
"R.I.P Dad  i'll miss you."
"Oh dad. You shouldn't have."
"God bless you dad."
"Who else remembers this crazy movie?"
"Family Reunion?"
"Things you didn't know about sleep"
"Cool Facial Morphing Animated Gif"
"How I imagine quitting reddit would work."
"WTF"
"The new age of siphoning gas"
"Wal-Mart Cake"
"Parenting done right"
"Ostrich made of human arms pulling a carriage...."
"It was really hot that day..."
"Please don't do Coke in the bathroom"
"Reddit was down"
"Cats in zero gravity."
"Ultimate Giraffe Championship."
"Hello World"
"How I feel when I realize that the girl I've been talking to in a bar is 16."
"lulz were had..."
"And it came to pass..."
"Now listen carefully [x-post from r/funny]"
"Found this out by accident"
"WE GOT A BAD ASS IN HERE!"
"We got a badass over here."
"Watch Out Guys  We've Got A Badass Panda Over Here"
"How I feel about people that &quot;like&quot; their own Facebook posts."
"How I feel when I like one of my own posts on Facebook"
"When none of your friends saw your successful post."
"Pfronten  Germany"
"Pfronten  Germany"
"Pfronten  Germany [OC]"
"Trust me... I'm an engineer."
"I would never be upset about sleeping on the couch again"
"I'll go make my own religion..."
"Fuck you Gary Bateman.."
"when i try to instigate sex with my girlfriend and she's not in the mood"
"The original shitty_watercolor"
"My Favourite Band posted this picture  Couldn't help but laugh."
"Ladies and Gents  Jason Segel"
"Jesus Raves"
"My kind of Dj.."
"Epic combo!"
"Hauntingly good timing."
"It's always Christmas with snoop doggy dogg"
"What I think of when I hear someone has swag..."
"High resolution photo of the Space Shuttle Endeavour above the north island of New Zealand.."
"This picture is NOT graphically altered  It is 100% natural. [x-pics. Totally asking for it..]"
"How to escape a zombie apocalypse"
"Attitude alarm clock can't believe you aren't up yet."
"Stumbled across this today... Smashing!"
"Smashing"
"This is probably the only gif that makes me laugh every single time."
"crocs arnt fashionable..."
"Grandpa what the fuck have you done"
"The Beatles: seconds before taking their famous walk across the streeet"
"A Typical Jenga Match"
"It's A Trap! Level:Pillow"
"It's bed time kitty!"
"pew pew pew!"
"Amazing Thai wood carving"
"So... This popped up on my FB newsfeed this morning."
"Fuck off  Jesus"
"My High School is Big on Teaching About Genitals Now Apparently..."
"unfortunately  this is where i went to high school."
"When I found out my girlfriend loves iFunny but hates reddit..."
"Bioshocks newest recruit..."
"How I feel upvoting one last link before bed"
"Reddit  I give you Bismuth"
"I'll never look at hamsters the same way again"
"What it feels like to be on reddit all day and see a new link on the front page"
"Timmmmber!!!!!!"
"Not the outcome I expected"
"Rocco isn't a Redditor..."
"Sweaters for Penguins Affected by New Zealand Oil Spill"
"MEOWL!"
"Leave me alone"
"Respect"
"Googled Internet In one picture  not disappointed!"
"Not sure if repost  but I googled &quot;most epic photo the internet&quot;.. not bad"
"Best Halloween Ass *NSFW*"
"Japan in a nutshell"
"Move your Body (x-post r/batman and r/gifs)"
"Batman and friends get their groove on. (xpost r/batman and r/gifs)"
"Move your body"
"move your body (fixed)"
"Getting someone back to zero."
"Whenever I see a Ron Swanson Gif"
"You're not alone  young one... (xpost from r/funny)"
"It's so cute! and yet so ugly.. I give you the Aye-aye"
"All these Hurricane Sandy posts really make me think of this."
"Sandy  I need water..."
"Now what are you gonna do?"
"The gangster type mashups are always my fave."
"Antenna repairs on the Empire State Building"
"My favorite staph"
"After I make a submission  I immediately check the new queue"
"Fashion"
"I can't believe it's March already. I can still vividly remember celebrating New Year."
"Family..."
"I'm a vegan  and I still find this to be hilarious."
"The Cat Has Left The Station"
"I need an adult."
"Soup's On!"
"Why would anyone do this?"
"Bathing in afterbirth. (I apologize if it has already been here)"
"Ok  I won't complain anymore."
"Just Emma being Emma"
"Forever Alone No More"
"While watching the movie Watchmen..."
"Getting to the bottom pages of r/gonewild"
"What i've noticed about several front page posts lately"
"When a friend said in middle school they would draw something cool on your arm."
"HIFW watching Watchmen"
"How horrible this may be  this photo alway makes me laugh."
"Off to a bad start...[fixed]"
"The President has Style [690x458] [xpost from r/PresidentObama]"
"All I could think of when they named the hurricane Sandy"
"Hotbox"
"Just Cause 2 Multiplayer IRL (Airport Edition)"
"Multi-exposure of planes taking off at Hannover Airport  Germany"
"After a series of unsuccessful posts..."
"My favourite .gif &gt;:D"
"Old school saucy love - 1920s (Xpost r/OldSchoolCool)"
"Reaching the front page of a small subreddit"
"If we went to high school together and I've seen you out in public  this goes out to you."
"Warglebarglebarglebarglebargle"
"How I felt when I finally quit my job."
"What the US uniforms should have been [REALLY FIXED]"
"Only cost $15 to get my hair did"
"I'm not sure cats like you doing that to them."
"cat.exe has stopped working."
"no...no..NO NO NO NO NOPE NOPE NO NO"
"How I felt at 4:59pm on the Friday before a three day weekend"
"When the kids next door are having too much fun and wake me from a nap..."
"You should carve a Jesus into that."
"Congress of Freaks - Baileys Circus (1924) [1185x671]"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"Meanwhile..."
"No words can explain grandma"
"Things you can only do with boys...."
"Things you can only do with boys"
"Oh  we're making fun of Ohio today?"
"industry | Flickr - Photo Sharing!"
"The USS Constitution sails under her own power in celebration of the 200th anniversary of her earning the nickname &quot;Old Ironsides.&quot;"
"LaughingYao"
"The Washington Olympic Coast"
"Found a Wolf Spider in my shower tonight..."
"I proposed a solution to the wasp problem at our house. The wife is thinking about it  but the kids approve."
"So there was a spider in my house yesterday.."
"What happens when you own a gas stove and go to check reddit for &quot;just a minute&quot;..."
"This is me every time I log onto Facebook"
"Why I don't post to r/Atheism."
"My friend said this to me today"
"First World workout problem"
"I hate when this happens."
"...I'd see it."
"My Newest Favorite Picture of Obama"
"Bro+Nod+Gesture = Brodsture"
"Awesome Peacock"
"The funniest picture I have ever seen on Reddit."
"Looking through old pictures on the computer when this..."
"Near this spot..."
"Definition of Badass."
"If Fox News had existed throughout history"
"Awesome Panda"
"Come on baby  let's do the twist"
"How to catch a white person"
"My reaction when I first saw my best friends sister naked"
"Whenever I see a chubby person out for a run"
"emma"
"Poop Chute"
"You can trust me i am an engineer  kids will love it"
"I see your weird toes and raise you this..."
"Chinese foot binding - What it looks like unwrapped."
"That looks much better now"
"At the local Family Christian Store"
"Hey R/WTF  I see you guys have been complaining (again) that this sub has gotten a little vanilla. I think this belongs here. (SFW)"
"Reddit is back!"
"This one seemed so much more applicable to the gif"
"I'm not going to try to title this."
"How I feel when I'm in warp to a fight"
"My music so loud  I'm swangin'"
"Cats are cool  but Bunnies are better. And fluffiesh."
"Ass that just won't quit."
"Christopher Walken"
"Food Scarcity"
"Google'd &quot;most awesome picture ever&quot; for my reddit birthday  this was the first result."
"Shit Just Got Real"
"Just thought i'd leave this here."
"I hate television..."
"Being a 5 year old  similar to an executive"
"This is how I feel about your cat every time your post makes it to the front page."
"Unfortunate reality"
"Tisdale the land of wait what?"
"Maybe Canada ISN'T that nice..."
"Searched Pancake Nipples on Google. What a fantastic second image"
"Baby Macaque - NGC Photo of the month - july 2012"
"Jamie Hyneman: Master of celebration"
"This scares me more than the emptiness of space [FIXED]"
"Let me show you the dance of my people."
"This is not where I parked my car......"
"Another reason why I love Louis C.K."
"Louis C.K. on masturbation"
"Louie C.K. on masturbation."
"[OC] I was taking photos in an old train yard when this happened [1600x1200]"
"Steam summer sale is on."
"How I feel when I can finally pass someone that's driving slow"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"&quot;Urban Nature&quot;"
"I found this little guy tied up downtown"
"Bus Troller"
"When the girlfriend asks how I can spend so much time on &quot;that one Reddit site&quot;"
"This quote changed my life. They had it down in 300 BC. Till this day  were still beating a dead horse."
"Epicurus got it"
"Nice Hairstyle"
"Amputee volunteer helping troops prepare mentally for battle [x-post from /r/humanporn]"
"Those hobbits are freaky...."
"Dolphin Love"
"Me every day at work."
"How I feel today about school"
"Oops  just kidding"
"Fuck Thursdays!"
"How I feel today"
"How I feel working on essays today the week before finals"
"Me all day at work today"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson just ruined the Angels for me."
"I saw a corgi/husky mix at the beach today. HE WAS SO CUTE. (xpost from /r/corgi)"
"How I feel about getting off of work early today"
"The future."
"When I'm driving down the road and see a chick on a motorcycle"
"Max  what do you want fr dinner?"
"World peas"
"Mike Tyson"
"Today:"
"What did I do to deserve this?"
"They see me rollin'... they hatin"
"Need a sea monster? Why not Zoidberg?"
"I love the random Imgur button. Here's why."
"Explain it!"
"How did this happen? I don't even..."
"Just a picture of an eagle looking at a trout stuck in an ice cube."
"Yoga Dog."
"Look to the cookie  Reddit. Look to the cookie"
"Noah's ark(requested)"
"These little guys live in your bed."
"holy shit"
"Searched &quot;GTFO&quot; on Google"
"Nunchaku Ping-Pong [gif]"
"You Eat Your Vegetablesssss"
"You're name is NOT Calvin Klein. . ."
"Sup bitches!"
"Gangster grandma."
"My face when I walked in on my roommate masterbating..."
"Mosquito!"
"This was in my local paper a while ago"
"Not a Clever Man"
"Not sure if this is a good way to tell your kids that your father is in jail."
"Spiderman pasta"
"Don't spin the cat toy in circles."
"A happy Sphynx tomcat basking in the sun."
"How to Pass Notes Like A Boss"
"Drop the Bass"
"Dancing Dancing Dancing!!!"
"Drop it!"
"How feel reading repost arguments on a post I've never seen."
"yeah...dont call me"
"I see your ass fudge and raise you..."
"Me when my older brother takes my PS3 Controller while i am playing"
"McKayla Maroney and President Obama."
"332 Electoral votes  Mr President  and still..."
"Not Impressed"
"McKayla Maroney and Barack Obama are not impressed."
"Barack is not impressed"
"McKayla and Obama are Not Impressed"
"Obama seems to be jealous of romney!"
"How I felt when my girlfriend confessed to being a hipster"
"Smallest penis in the harbor [SFW]"
"Night-Time Crusie"
"Night-Time Cruise."
"Take Life By The Balls"
"Let's get on the internet."
"How a typical night of me trying to pick up girls goes. [FIXED]"
"In a vain effort to vaccinate herself against obscurity  Jenny McCarthy attempts to suck the blood from Justin Bieber."
"I love stereotypes. r/funny might be too sensitive about this."
"Damn  I lost...or did I?"
"The Look On Neil Armstrong's Face After First Lunar Landing [PIC]"
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969"
"Oh  the answer is &quot;train.&quot; Of course."
"And they say girls are complicated.."
"Anybody home?"
"After Death"
"I'm having a good time... not."
"The Mothership"
"Parents"
"The picture that started it all"
"I see you trying to cheer up the grumpy cat and raise you ecstatic cat."
"One of the best board games I played as a kid."
"My coworker's adopted Asian daughter is &quot;racist&quot; towards Asians due to ill treatment back in Vietnam  made me think of this."
"That's some good cereal."
"Look at my balls"
"A sloth from my schools homepage"
"How I feel reposting a GIF on my cakeday."
"That's a big fucking bat!"
"That smile isn't going to last for much longer..."
"Reasons I took Chem in High School"
"Found this picture of Jamie from Mythbusters enjoy."
"It's as old as the Internet  but it still makes me laugh uproariously."
"Just a little misleading..."
"Perfect Camera Angle"
"Because He's The Hero Gotham Deserves Not The One It Needs."
"People's Karma on their birthday with a shitty post..."
"They might be right..."
"Well  you got that right."
"But don't quote me on that"
"I see your Pumba  and raise you Timon WITH Pumba!"
"Bacon flowchart for Redditors"
"The Illusion of Movement"
"I'm going to jump!"
"I call Bullshit!"
"Reddit's relationship with reposts"
"Well  I guess if you want to get technical"
"Well that's a valid selling point"
"I woke up to find this unbelievable ice formation outside"
"Nothing to see here just nickleback"
"My Plan to Get to the Front Page- Possibly NSFW"
"What animal is this?"
"Such a cute little animal"
"How I feel when someone links Reddit Switcheroo"
"Take notes people"
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his pet cat."
"free climbing the Yosemite Half Dome"
"Living On The Edge"
"my favourite sort of face swap"
"Number one sign your boyfriend is cheating"
"Oh hell naw!"
"I thought you were never coming back."
"Logic never fails"
"ADOPT Jasmine"
"Just made this  what does reddit think?"
"Whenever i try writing on the first day of school after summer break."
"So I got a blowjob last night"
"My new kittens best Gene Simmons impression"
"The Dark Starry Knight"
"...And a Diet Coke."
"Well  shit"
"Just saw this on the front page of r/guns  but it looked oddly familiar..."
"Pay attention to me instead  pwease!"
"Tree Frog enjoying a Light Snack"
"Mr. Beans take"
"Wow  they really are just like us!"
"Is it just me or are tabloids running out of gossip."
"Someone had to say it (using throwaway account)"
"Unsubscribed from r/atheism"
"The cutest of the Nazis"
"How to brush your teeth like a man."
"Glorious"
"Should have read it aloud before posting"
"I don't think that that's going to work..."
"Eight and a Half Inches"
"Sorry  I don't like midgets"
"Why I love south park"
"A hand full of bunny cuteness for you all."
"Who Uses These?"
"It was only a matter of time..."
"Anti-Japanese demonstrations are spreading across China like wildfire. Here's a collection of the most viral photographs posted on Weibo."
"Realizing you've just missed your cakeday by a few hours."
"When you're home alone?"
"A protester advances"
"I really need to poo- NOPE"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"The most realistic cosplay I have ever seen. [X-post from /r/assassinscreed]"
"this your brain on sinks"
"How Cocaine  Meth  and Bath Salts effect the brain and dopamine."
"Please don't kill me with fire"
"Just a frozen lake."
"Rip In ‘Space-Time Vortex’ Over Russian City !"
"This is morrisey boulevard in Boston  MA. That's umass boston in the background."
"This pretty much shows how I felt when I realized I forgot to cash in on my reddit birthday."
"Every first exam of the semester"
"Clever advertising (possibly nsfw)"
"New York City. Both day and night."
"Photographer Stephen Wilkes creates remarkable images of night and day at once by setting up his camera to take pictures of a single scene over and over for 15 hours. He then blends the images to get this time-defying effect."
"Don't tell me how to live my life!"
"Marvel vs. Hoodrat 3"
"YOUR NOTHING!"
"Fight!"
"I thought this was a better fit."
"Get ready"
"Saw Romney was up to 50% in polls. All I could think of was this."
"Nothing to see here"
"&quot;This is one of her more dramatic photoshoots&quot;"
"Ladies..."
"So I expected that reddit wasn't down anymore"
"I stepped on somebody right before I left the plane"
"Watch out  we got a bad ass over here"
"Probability"
"Saw this on facebook  LOL'd so hard (Too much irony)"
"This looks about right"
"Best friends"
"Puppy and Kitten  cuddlin'"
"How I picture the Knights of New"
"A friend was browsing through an old yearbook here when she came upon this guy."
"Bill Nye's yearbook photo"
"Only 20 bucks? Send me three pairs!"
"Rainbow Trees [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Oh thank god."
"One year on reddit. This is the pic that best describes my experience."
"Astronaut Billie Joe Armsrong"
"Skyrim Modders need to make this happen ASAP"
"Pro-creation is out of the question."
"My friend sent me this from her newsfeed."
"Please tell me they're kidding."
"Saw this on my FaceBook today... Stay off the highways March 31st  2013"
"r/funny didn't like this. &quot;Fifty Shades of Grey (for men.)&quot;"
"Excuse me Walmart but you have some explaining to do."
"Whole lotta bling"
"Ahm... I don't even know..."
"How I feel when something I've submitted is actually getting upvoted."
"Both the Mark XLVII and &quot;Iron Patriot&quot; armors on the Iron Man 3 set in Florida."
"Spider-Man IS a religion"
"Ignorance at its finest! (facebook)"
"HECK YAUH"
"So this explains something..!"
"Just playing it off"
"GOAAAAAL!"
"best episode ever"
"Once you go black in 3D"
"Conception via 3D porno? Seems legit."
"oh hellooo..."
"Just how bad can your day get?"
"Oh shi-"
"Want a squirrel hug?"
"I love strawberry"
"just Jesus break dancing...."
"Watch me resurrect these fresh beats"
"Breakdancing Jesus"
"When I get a 40 point word in Words With Friends"
"I love My Chicken!!"
"Eat up  little guy."
"Probably the Worst Luck of All Time. [GIF]"
"Evolution GIF."
"Feetspin"
"The Reddit CEO Goes To Cash 4 Gold"
"Like a BOSS"
"I smell BACON!"
"My kittens formed a ying and yang heart."
"I FINALLY found facebook gold!"
"There is no society in human history that ever suffered because its people became too reasonable. -Sam Harris"
"WHY?"
"When Imgur is down..."
"Why I love Ricky Gervais"
"That's how it's done!"
"A family member of mine just succumbed to disease. This is how I've felt for the past few days of people talking about her going to heaven."
"And yet another piece of my childhood dies..."
"one logo can change everything"
"Redneck turtle burgers for dinner this week. That is all."
"I present... Bacon Turtles"
"Deer Pong"
"Burger King saves a life"
"Clueless"
"An ENTIRE case of beer..gone in seconds!"
"Wait... what?"
"15 minutes!"
"Who came up with these dialogues?"
"Apparently  it was custom made."
"What an unfortunately shaped chandelier"
"oh no..OH NO OH NO OH NO.. phew"
"Whoops-a-daisy."
"The things you find in washrooms.."
"Well  that Leprechaun is fucked."
"Well  that leprechaun's fucked."
"No gold for you!"
"Hitler meeting the Pope"
"Get your shit off my shelf"
"Breakdancing cat"
"Jesus vs. Jeezus"
"Ronald Reagan's valiant steed"
"'Merica!"
"this series kept me entertained in elementary school"
"Sick Days"
"Gay Love"
"Cat's don't have pretty stripes...do they?"
"Still holds true"
"Bedtime already?"
"probably a repost  if so   it's ok  this comic deserves revisiting. I laugh everytime"
"this little guy makes my heart melt"
"Redditor's dream desk."
"Big Ol' Tittahs!(SFW)"
"This is how I feel after a bad day when i get on reddit"
"When someone hits me with a funny insult."
"Super Bowl Champs!"
"I've just reserved my spot in hell with this one..."
"Best comeback... Ever."
"Baby duckface"
"Passionate masturbator on the prowl... (repost from WTF)"
"The &quot;5 random letters on imgur&quot; game is my new favorite game"
"OMG!!!!!!!!!! She can smile..........."
"Best Shakespeare quote"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Mr. Bean"
"Now THIS is what a 21st century city should look like!"
"I ordered a pizza with the instructions  &quot;do something I can put on reddit&quot;  my result"
"[REQUEST] please resize to a desktop background"
"Moon Bridge"
"New gifs you say? OK THEN"
"[x post-r/soundgifs] Mitt Romney"
"[x post-r/soundgifs] Mitt Romney"
"How I feel when douchebags like my girlfriends photo on Facebook.."
"Hakuna Matata - means no worries... for lions..."
"1943 - U.S. Marine feeding a kitten (x-post from cuteguyswithcats)"
"Banksys amazing art...full of emotion this one."
"The dark side of subway"
"Shit just got real on the subway."
"Shit's about to go down."
"Oh  that's why."
"Shovel Dog's revenge"
"Maybe dogs are smarter than we think..."
"Hey  guys  remember this?"
"Is this accurate?!"
"Christina Boss Applegate"
"My transformation is almost compl-meowmeowmeow."
"I always read it  hoping that one day I'll find something like this"
"Scumbag advertising"
"Trying to be productive at work after a heavy night of drinking"
"How I feel 30 seconds after asking my S.O. what's wrong"
"A friend is in Africa travelling. He has been there for a few weeks and has posted less than ten pictures  one of them being these giraffes having a fight."
"Giraffes Fighting Each Other"
"So... I'll just leave this here..."
"Sadly"
"Every night I'm shuffelin'"
"Seriously  go to bed already America."
"Looks like I'll actually have to be productive"
"Whenever I'm getting picked up!!"
"well  you got me."
"Keeping man's best friend in line"
"Just walking the dog past PETA headquarters."
"Im sorry i peed on the carpet ;(((((("
"Tech support"
"How I am when I'm late for work"
"How I feel walking home on Fridays."
"Dalmatian Shadow Art"
"Charlie Kelly - Full-On-Rapist"
"You can smell it but you never tell her"
"Thug life"
"When I sit down for class and people are furiously flipping through notes and textbooks"
"Anyone up for some watermelon?"
"Found this gif on my friends phone  I'm slightly concerned"
"Nuts"
"Nuts"
"My my  that's quite a Jenga you have there"
"Well hello..."
"Cthulusaurus Rex"
"Too true"
"I just remembered that this exists..."
"Every time there is a really long post..."
"When people brag about how little sleep they got last night"
"...and no fucks where given that day."
"When people poke me"
"I won't be disqualified right?"
"Anytime I need a laugh  this always gets me (NSFW)"
"A failed sneak attack"
"Sneak Attack fail"
"What upvotes feel like [Fixed]"
"No fooling Batman"
"Something fishy..."
"When my friend asks me to be his wingman..."
"How does it feel?"
"Cat person"
"The main reason why I am an atheist"
"Ping Pong Cats"
"it's an adorable sweater"
"gets me everytime"
"If you recognize this couch - shame on you."
"IM GOING TO EAT YOU"
"Well this sums up my whole week"
"Tony the Dancing Bear"
"Tutorial: How to not cry."
"Still my favorite pic from the Internet."
"Why I Love Old Movies."
"Pre-9/11 Pilots"
"Is that really the only way you can tell?"
"Right after you fart..."
"Terrorists take note... Don't fuck with Scottish people when they have a holiday booked"
"Blow in her face"
"So pumpkin carving has been a secret obsession of mine ever since I was a kid. Each year I try to do something awesome  here's what I did last year (before I was on reddit)"
"Aquaman  stop  you're drunk."
"Mother fucking rainbow lizard"
"I would have said the same thing [x-post from ImGoingToHellForThis]"
"Cute hedgehog is cute"
"Honey  could you bring me some toilet paper?"
"This is how i poop when I'm late for class and i gotta make it quick"
"Bought a new wooden toilet seat from target  this is how I poop while I look at the old one."
"satisfaction  this is it"
"Mind = Blown (Simpsons Related)"
"And I thought my job was stressful..."
"500 Days of Summer...how it should have been"
"Here's a picture of Hitler on a Sled."
"R.I.P MIKE"
"What a HAMster."
"Heart cat."
"Flawless logic"
"Dat phone"
"Grandma had a great Xmas. Sadly this is the last known photo of her."
"My grandmother has always been known as a party animal... [7]"
"Grandma won't go to Old Folks home without a fight."
"chill out dawg"
"I saw this today. Not sure if it belongs here  but I had to share.."
"the only acceptable use for twilight..."
"Isn't nature amazing?"
"Pika-Push!"
"Everything went better than expected"
"The girl is probably wondering  &quot;Why is he carrying around that big ol' iPod dock?&quot;"
"Tom the Turkey is mad this year................ someone must of been naughty"
"Jumpin' Jello."
"Jello!"
"For all of the redditors that stayed home instead of partying"
"I work at Pizza hut  and earlier today a frail old lady waddled in to pick up her pizza order. I nearly lost it when I saw her name."
"Why debating theists should be done lightheartedly."
"My Virginity"
"And he doesn't even remember it..."
"MINDFUCK."
"Ivysaur digivolve to...Venusauuuur!!! [x-post from r/pokemon]"
"Dat Nicolas"
"How I feel browsing Reddit after downloading RES"
"found this online  does anyone know where it was taken?"
"What it feels like being drunk and trying to do something athletic"
"yo mama.."
"Yo mama jokes: scientist vs. economist vs. doctor"
"i will never eat ham again"
"What I told my girlfriend after she deliberately squeezed my nut sack."
"Well  I finally took a look at r/picsofdeadkids..."
"Soon...ish"
"For my fellow American Redditors this evening I Present  the US Presidential Debate Drinking Game!"
"When I realize it's Friday but I thought it was Thursday"
"Rocket Man"
"Japanese Rocket Man"
"The new iPod Nano is truly revoluti... wait a minute"
"The perfect Father's day gift!"
"Paranormal Blacktivity"
"Maybe Laughed A Little More Than I Should"
"I see your Paranormal Blacktivity  and raise you the sequel"
"Take all the time you need"
"Easily one of the most badass pictures ever taken."
"Fabulosity rating: OFF THE CHARTS"
"When I almost fall down in public and save it..."
"How much money do you make while pooping at work? ha - Yes  this is an app!"
"I bet those who grew up in a town of 494 people loved this question."
"How I feel at a club trying to impress women [Fixed]"
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Shame!"
"This might be the creepiest thing I've ever seen..."
"Why  she wouldn't even harm a fly!"
"High Five!"
"Every year thousands of mice get herpes from unprotected sex."
"Not a flying fuck was given"
"Me on r/aww"
"When I realized Neil DeGrasse Tyson is speaking at my Commencement"
"That rice...must have opium in it..."
"What could go wrong?"
"Didn't expect that"
"My face when I play a Beatles song and someone asks if I &quot;can play anything good.&quot;"
"Always."
"Maybe you're taking it too seriously?"
"He's watching."
"how i responded when my brother said pokemon isn't real"
"Deadpool knows what's up"
"I caught them sleeping like this."
"This is... a happy little cliff."
"Okay maybe the media isn't fear mongering."
"Trampoline you're drunk  get down from there..."
"C'mon Sandy  that's not where that goes..."
"Trampolines on Long Island right now"
"So this photo has become a big hit thanks to Hurricane Sandy..."
"Just a kitten and a chick wrestling."
"Cuddly kitten &amp; chick."
"Chicks like pussy too"
"Whenever i'm feeling down  I just take a look at this."
"F-18 shadow in the sunset (x-post from r/pics) [900 x 653]"
"Those Dance Moves"
"A Mathematicians dance moves"
"Most people would have just seen a soap dispenser..."
"Crazy Dolan - Gooby pls?"
"Not even once"
"Probably the sweetest GIF ever created. They don't want  they don't need. They just live the moment. It's inspiring  really."
"Pretty Awesome!"
"I would love to live here!"
"Could not believe this."
"For 3000 users  SNSD GIF dump! Some are repeats  but definitely worthy."
"When someone agrees with me on Reddit"
"Cause I'm a crepe"
"Before scissors."
"Winnipeg Psychics at their Finest."
"Because Fuck Nature  That's Why."
"I worry about the other 8%"
"Not Sure That's Appropriate"
"Self Esteem"
"Chest Mustache"
"Like a sir!"
"Found this penis gem on Facebook today."
"Skydiving at sunset with a little something extra in the distance"
"Not Your Typical Skydive"
"Just another day at the county fair..."
"8 things we would not know without Wikileaks. (infographic)"
"8 things we would not know without Wikileaks. (infographic)"
"What We've Learned From Wikileaks (x-post from /r/youshouldknow)"
"Most WTF headline ever"
"Every time I open my wallet"
"Lucky Octopus"
"2 cats cuddling  your argument is invalid"
"How I imagine Christians feel browsing r/atheism"
"I GOT THIS HOE!!!!!!"
"I can't dance."
"Lion head explosion"
"MFW when I read hurtful comments directed at me"
"Fantasy"
"I'm not very Romantic..."
"Bang!"
"I buy these so I can throw away a plant every 5 months"
"I don't even"
"In the unisex bathroom at work"
"I guess he's a south paw."
"Redditor on vacation."
"How I feel on campus  as an engineering major"
"My family when metal music comes up on the radio."
"Batmanfurter"
"Shut the fuck up"
"Glass houses"
"Who doesn't like a little bacon?"
"I need to try this"
"Yum"
"Well  he is"
"Infinite hands down the most terrifying childhood gaming memory..."
"The thing about smart mother fuckers is..."
"the gif that best describes my sexual stamina (slightly NSFW)"
"Reddit  is this real? NSFW"
"SERVED THAT BITCH RIGHT!"
"The king of the jungle."
"It's travel size!"
"For me?!"
"birdwalk"
"bird + baseball"
"&quot;I Hate My Life.&quot;"
"How I Imagine Reddit Meetups"
"How I imagine Redditors"
"A view of Los Angeles from the Hollywood Hills at night.."
"Fuck the police"
"Fuck the rules"
"We count those"
"Having fun while gaming"
"Oh Russia..."
"Would you spend a night at the Poseidon Underwater Resort?"
"Knock  Knock"
"How awkward I am when I try to make a new friend"
"Don't tread on me"
"South Park (IRL)"
"if they were real..."
"Mohammed sees himself in the mirror..."
"lol jesus is so fucking wasted"
"The Final Frontier"
"Don't step on a crack  it'll break your mommas back"
"The Maldives"
"Evidence of Nazi plot to blow kittens up with grenades"
"Cat's been canned  man."
"WHALES ON STILTS"
"Reality vs Fantasy this movember"
"When people use memes wrong on facebook.."
"Strawbeary."
"I have a two year old daughter..... I completely agree....."
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [FIXED]"
"My roommate complains about not having any friends  this is all I can ever think..."
"MRW nobody answer my proposal for a night out"
"Breakfast of gods."
"When I'm losing an argument."
"How it feels when I go on Reddit at night but I'm already tired"
"Her parents must be so proud.."
"I've seen it all now..."
"Who could be grumpy at a face like that?"
"Oh  Siri"
"Because Teddy Has BALLS!"
"That moment of anticipation"
"Bar Dog just wants to have a cold one while watching the game"
"Facebook these days...NO!!"
"Not now  I'm poopin'."
"Oh Japan..."
"Cracks me up every time."
"How I react when a hot girl comes to my house and asks to play kinect."
"Seems legit"
"A picture of Mitt Romney in his twenties."
"Today is my birthday. and this is my attitude at work."
"Where!"
"SO MUCH CUTENESS"
"Bro..Dude..that's NOT how you hold a cat."
"What it's like trying to throw something in a dream:"
"perpetual motion bulldog"
"Whenever these were in my lunchbox it was a good day..."
"Does Anyone Else Miss These?"
"In retrospect  glue was a poor choice"
"flight of an eagle owl -photographer  Mark Bridger"
"How I feel about every test."
"Northern Lights over the Moonrise - Alaska"
"Flowers"
"lag"
"The true story of Easter"
"First century problems"
"Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!"
"How to defeat Professor Xavier"
"Shower logic"
"Batman Rises.."
"Dem Moonwalk skills"
"When the end is near.."
"Anything but that!"
"You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine...Batman"
"aroundtheworld"
"What is love?"
"There always that one friend does this Every... fukin... time."
"Woke up this morning  and realized its fooooottballl seasonnn!"
"Doesn't matter."
"Doesn't Matter..."
"Seagull Retaliation"
"Wanted: llama dentist"
"God must have been drunk when he made this one."
"Jabba The Jedi"
"Post cats and boobs they said  receive upvotes they said..."
"What's cooler than being cool? Ice cold!"
"Damn he's cool"
"Why can't religious people grasp this concept?"
"Aurora Australis from the International Space Station"
"That's why I'm excited for Torchlight II."
"Nothing sinister here..."
"Soldiers still guard the tomb even during the hurricane. Amazing"
"HAHA FAGGOT TRUCK"
"When a non-redditor shows you a &quot;new meme&quot;"
"How I feel when my friends show me things they found on the Internet"
"Masturbation Jar"
"A proper reaction."
"iv always wondered what people like this did when it got cold..."
"Demons! Leave this baby's body!"
"The hardest concept known to man. [FIXED]"
"WAHT ARE YOU DOING"
"Hot Air Balloons"
"first  please go easy"
"Surprise  bitch!"
"No words."
"I thought this was a picture of the MythBusters staff but after the first person I realized I'm just racist"
"Bad Kid"
"How I feel right now when its 4am."
"You think you've seen it all..."
"oh god no..."
"Katy Perry"
"I first started coming to Reddit 1.1.2012 this gif is why  makes me laugh everytime"
"That philosophical moment when you regain faith in humanity"
"mfw my buddy grabs the last beer the fridge."
"Straight off the camera"
"Make me a woman"
"The last supper. Zombie style"
"Doctor Who Drinking Game [xpost from r/doctorwho]"
"Me waiting for all the post hating on Overly Attached Boyfriend to pass by"
"Me waiting for my karma to hit 200."
"It's frozen bro."
"The truth about webcomics."
"Does anybody have the Capability to acquire this? I will pay. .. I am serious"
"Fur sure."
"The babes are back!"
"Assassin's Creed III Alternate Universe DLC - George Washington becomes king."
"What the flying fuck"
"We all know this is true."
"Ice Cream Sandwiches"
"An elephant meets a sea lion at The Oregon Zoo"
"Auto-bots  ROLL OUT!"
"Saw this unstoppable machine on my newsfeed and had to share it."
"How I feel about all the Whitney Houston status updates on Facebook. I must be a bastard."
"To everyone voicing their opinion on Chick-Fil-A  this is what I say to you."
"how i feel about bad tattoo posts"
"How I feel about Hostess shutting down as someone who doesn't eat hostess snacks."
"At Least he Hid from the Ginger.. [when you see it]"
"You'll shit bricks"
"Please tell me one of you knows how to make this."
"The abyss"
"Thought you guys would like this."
"you are leaving without me?"
"It's Called Teamwork  Trevor."
"Please Don't Die"
"Religion is like a what???"
"....Where's Daddy?"
"My secret to surviving Mondays"
"Building Manhattan Bridge  1909."
"Only those who were kids in 1870 will remember this!"
"As a female  I wish this were true."
"What I'm like when someone makes a stupid comment and gets down voted  then deletes their comment."
"Fly Creationism"
"An irresistable meal"
"A boy and his elephant that is all (x/post from aww)"
"I was replaying Super Paper Mario and i found this."
"This comment made my day"
"this was the funniest part in Spaceballs."
"That wouldn't stop Batman!"
":3"
"da Rules -- Pls Obey"
"Once in a Lifetime [xpost from /r/pics]"
"I'm really starting to like these gems found in Street View"
"Poor Guy"
"I made it to the front page for the first time today"
"Me upon realising it's my cake day and uploading something quickly before it's too late..."
"Renaissance artists...."
"Close Enough."
"Cunning advertisement..."
"Don't worry Batman  we got this."
"Today is the day"
"Why pay $10 for a BBQ Chicken?"
"Oh  That Dog of Mine."
"That's enough..."
"My sister is in Borneo and sent me this picture. Apparently Orangutans don't enjoy the rain."
"Oh  Ernie..."
"I think I'll have a seat over here."
"It ALL makes sense now"
"This was the &quot;Amnesia&quot; of my time as a kid."
"In 40 Years..."
"*gulp* Stuffed Friend [comic]"
"For your viewing pleasure  Mr. Clint Eastwood holding Mr. Armadillo."
"I want 12 inches"
"Not so clever"
"Parenting: You are doing it right"
"Nice Disabled Kid Halloween costume"
"I do say!"
"This is how MY dog greets me when I come home from work..."
"So I got a special copy of Microsoft Word today..."
"Microsoft Word just got a lot more ghetto [FIXED]"
"When cake day posts want karma"
"When I upvote a non-funny cake day post"
"Oh today's your cakeday?"
"I can't help but laugh..."
"Ravioli"
"I could see this kid regretting his tattoo choice in the near future..."
"Found this on facebook... he won't be regretting this in a few years...."
"One for the fans"
"So I was on Google Images and searched for &quot;cute spiders&quot;. I found this instead..."
"Find the cat. No wonder they are such a successful species."
"Camouflage done correctly."
"Yes  there is a cat in this picture"
"Orange whip  orange whip? Two orange whips... anyone younger than 25 will have no idea."
"At fancy dinner with the president of the university  one of the college deans and I suddenly arrive at the fact that we're both redditors."
"Should we get another beer?"
"No not terry crews!!! Wait...... What?!?"
"facepalm.."
"Iridescence above a cloud."
"Rare Iridescent Cloud"
"A Pileus Iridescent Cloud over Ethiopia"
"How Americans view Sweden [FIXED]"
"I sits... regardless of whether or not I completely fits..."
"My first post"
"Magic beard"
"Reverse Haircut"
"Well.."
"INFINITE KITTENS"
"Meowsion Impossible"
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"Feed me mommy!"
"MFW I'm the only kid in the class that doesn't raise their hand when asked &quot;Who's religious?&quot;"
"This is how I feel every morning"
"Every. Single. Morning."
"Seems legit"
"Seems legit..."
"I was in love with Red Pandas before my Reddit days  but why don't I see more baby pictures of them? Does anyone have one as a family member?"
"Would you like chips with that?"
"Whenever I post original content."
"Quantum Shitting"
"ObamaCare"
"Classic Turk"
"Just finished a 20 pages essay. This is how I feel."
"X-Ray of a Stingray"
"X-Ray of a Stingray [PIC]"
"Now this is a portrait!"
"Mime."
"How Lord of the Rings should have went."
"Thank god Jersey Shore is ending."
"If I ever got a genie"
"I FUCKING LOVE PASSPORTS. babies know best."
"AEIOU and sometimes Y"
"Finally something funny popped up on my newsfeed [FB]"
"Mitt Romney's Rap Record"
"R-money"
"R-Money"
"R-Money - Binders Fulla Women"
"Oh god. My childhood..."
"Well  there goes my childhood"
"I LOVE CHEESE"
"'cause... 'Murica."
"This guy rules."
"If everyone thought like this man'"
"Take that  Jesus"
"Jesus take the... Needle?"
"Headie Murphy"
"Best Friends"
"Facebook addiction"
"Meanwhile in Poland.."
"That's a lot of Pooh"
"Imugr is down"
"when Imgur is &quot;over capacity&quot;"
"Bear Necessities"
"Oh god no"
"...Why?"
"Sir  Yes Sir!!"
"Wiener dog"
"Probably a dick..."
"You'll know when you see it."
"What a great photo."
"Fun with FaceMorph."
"When I see that creepy Colgate kid..."
"How a student night out in England usually ends up..."
"A Pixar Film"
"Thought you guys would appreciate this.[x-post from /gifsound]"
"How my managers act when I tell them of a problem"
"Just reached 50 link karma and 50 comment karma at the same time"
"Just spent the whole weekend in my pajamas"
"How I dance at a college party."
"You know what they say..."
"On The Other Side"
"Life sumd up in a gif"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"Troll level: turtle"
"First one home wins"
"When all my friends are in relationships"
"Yeeeeeeeeeee. Muffffffinnnnsss. (good enough to repost)"
"Yeah muffins."
"Googled &quot;babies everywhere&quot;....why??"
"Instructions on Youtube"
"Hawking is a party animal"
"When I run into strangers at my smoke spot"
"Bacon anyone?"
"WTF..... Sexy bacon"
"The Throne of Reddit"
"Catch of the day"
"Spaceport [2400x1350]"
"any love for a GIANT Newfoundland dog?"
"Genius"
"AMAZING"
"/b/ guesses girls' names."
"After hearing that Emma Watson Is Fine with Nude Scenes for '50 Shades of Grey'"
"Epic Pizza"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"I don't even know"
"I'm so confused right now..."
"I could watch this gif for hours and it would still make me smile."
"I see your online gaming 1999 and raise your 2001! ( 2000 sucked for MP )"
"Just started working a bitch job at a law firm."
"Nothing hits harder than life..."
"Growing up  in a nutshell..."
"How it feels trying to get a job right out of university"
"Kid vs The World"
"It's simple. We kickflip the Batman."
"GET SOME!"
"Just the Joker (Ledger) Jumping Over Batman (Bale) On a Skateboard"
"Astronaut self portrait"
"when my teacher goes on about something we learned a week ago"
"How I Feel On the Last Day of School"
"As a full time student and full time employee. This is my reaction to all of you complaining about time."
"Young Joseph Stalin"
"My best friend got engaged over the weekend  figured this would look nice on their facebook wall!"
"Those Assholes..."
"Guys will understand"
"Not sure if using meme right? Or life wrong."
"How french fries are made"
"Why you should not buy cutting knives from the dollar store."
"Damn genetics."
"When Reddit is down"
"Still one of my favorite pictures. Full of beauty"
"UPDATED: Solar CME with relative Earth - Imgur"
"Coronal Mass Ejection on August 31  2012"
"Dictator School changes a man..."
"When I screw myself in a video game"
"How I view redditors who give negative karma to the most genuine comments"
"Epic Princess Leia cosplay/crosspost from /r/curvy"
"What it feels like trying to get more than 1 karma..."
"Probably a repost  but every time someone types in all caps"
"Hurrican Sandy: Taxi Terminal in Hoboken  NJ"
"How to lose your teeth"
"Chaos ensues"
"Giraffes"
"'It's a boy' greeting card."
"Okay Mr. Japanese Man  consider us even..."
"Maybe I'm not explaining this right."
"Thought of here..."
"CPAs at work this time of year"
"Just missed my first cakeday."
"when someone flirts with my girlfriend in front of me."
"I give you our king"
"Ass cocoa."
"Dawkins and Hitchens (comment)"
"I found your kitty."
"When you saw only one set of footprints..."
"Look! I brought you some Karma"
"Neature"
"When I saw that cake beside my name today"
"Saw this as comment. Thought it belonged here. Not sure what I'm looking at...."
"Guess he was watching Mickey and Minnie's sextape..."
"Still the weirdest GIF I know of too date."
"I recently started watching Doctor Who and just finished the season 3 finale"
"How I feel when I watch &quot;Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman&quot;"
"It doesnt make sense. I can't stop watching it."
"Pleasing 15 women"
"How was the sexual orientation of George Takei ever a question?"
"Gangnam style"
"Babymaking 101 [NSFW] [Cake Day!]"
"how to make babies"
"It's going to be a glorious Friday  I can see it already"
"Paul Ryan the Beefcake"
"I liked Google's artwork today"
"At least Google remembers Bob Ross's birthday."
"I havent seen this at all today  not sure why!"
"Is that really what you want?"
"...ahhh  the internets"
"Rainbow cheetah nipples"
"My friend has this on her fb"
"Onesie"
"Nuclear-Strength Photo Bomb"
"Photobomb cow. Your doing it right!"
"epic photobomb"
"The club can't even handle me right now"
"Who knew Blue was such a boss?"
"To Do List..."
"defiantly to do !"
"To Do"
"Only applies to baby form"
"Cute enough to be a repost?"
"Dat face.."
"Irish Philosophy (X-Post from r/funny)"
"An octopus being brought into life"
"baby squid hatching"
"Its my real life cake day so I present you this reddit"
"I laughed and don't care if it offends you!"
"One of the funniest pictures I've ever seen"
"Hmm...I wonder if this goes."
"There's a snake in my boob!"
"There's a snake in my boob!"
"So this epic picture of slenderman and pedo bear showed up on my fb feed today. Clash of the titans?"
"He's MINE!!"
"you raise a valid point..."
"Tom Hanks taped his Emmy to his car and drove around with it. Straight up boss."
"LCD Spartans"
"Photoshop..."
"Atheist living in the bible belt"
"Browsing r/new..."
"How I now feel during my church's worship service after being a Redditor for 8 months."
"How I feel about Karma on my cake day"
"Unexpected problems [pic]"
"Unexpected problems"
"A majestic male lion reveals his ‘inner cub’ as he becomes fixated on a little butterfly passing by."
"When i smell a fart."
"When I realized my cakeday is today and I didn't prepare anything."
"Ok so now I want parents like this!"
"Two Baby Platypus"
"When a friend's text wakes me up from a nap"
"How I feel reading subreddits that are not /r/BraveryJerk"
"How I Feel About My Boss Being Gone Through Monday"
"Dance of Death"
"Me when I eat bacon"
"Cham-pain"
"Animal cruelty is so wrong. Except when it's right."
"Mont Saint-Michel high tide/low tide"
"I see your Scandinavian school lunches  and present my American school lunch"
"soon..."
"Paranoid Seal"
"Cake Day Repost"
"A quick summary of voting in r/new"
"Every Friday."
"Wash your hand.... please guys."
"Okay"
"Least favorite Chrome for iPad feature: not exactly the most elegant way to navigate bookmarks"
"Excellent Origin customer service"
"thats hot"
"I look forward to seeing more of this man's work."
"Family Pyramid"
"Incestuous? I think so."
"Family Portrait"
"This takes awkward family photo to a new level."
"Oh hey  look what today is..."
"Smokin' You Out. He Stays In."
"Just Chewbacca fighting nazis"
"The internet at it's finest."
"What its like when I click something funny on Reddit and exit out thinking I clicked on something from 4chan."
"This is how they celebrate halloween in the black neiborhoods"
"Carve-a-bunga dudes!"
"Can't even handle the stupid"
"what an odd face / stance / grammar / spelling"
"Halloween Used to be Scary"
"Halloween costumes back in the day"
"I never understood the hype about cake day... until I reached my own. I don't want to seem cliché... but... for my cake day I present to you my favourite gif"
"My interpretation of the Presidential debate last night..."
"Toby the Red Panda"
"Kony Won"
"My expression when I see another stupid Christian copypasta on facebook..."
"I really hope he gets well soon."
"Hang in there lil buddy. We're all praying for you."
"Get well soon...?"
"Goodnight Sweet Prince"
"Cats LOVE it!"
"A must-have for any redditor"
"Karma machine does not approve."
"Cats love it!"
"Channel 4's Paralympic coverage hits a new low"
"Britain at it's finest"
"Nobody can fool the amazing spiderman!"
"When you pause a Nicki Minaj video.."
"The Unbearable Lightness of Being Chocolate"
"Kitty Hugging Teddy Bear"
"Go away we are trying to sleep"
"Hmm? Back to sleep.."
"His teddy always keeps him safe from danger"
"You don't have to outrun the wolves  just your slowest friend..."
"Move Bitch (Get out the way)!"
"Bison can be assholes"
"Horrify: verb (used with object): to distress greatly; shock"
"Cat has a Nicholas cage face"
"I felt like this was very suitable for Reddit"
"Screaming mom and daughter from house of horrors (x-post from r/funny)"
"My favorite reaction picture in a Haunted House in Canada"
"Made me lmao. Haunted house pic."
"Keyboard Cat Level: Infinite +1"
"It's my cake day  so here's my favourite .gif"
"One of my favorite gifs of all time."
"Finally a way to carry my iPad around while drinking coffee and not look like a douchebag!"
"Scrolling through my news feed when suddenly..."
"Russian Penguin"
"I could watch these two for hours"
"Some of the best advice I've ever received."
"What SouthPark characters would look like IRL."
"Parkour"
"International Mustache Convention preview!"
"My response when someone comments on one of my posts..."
"Whenever anyone says &quot;Don't upvote this&quot;"
"Thats how Benni roll"
"The Trials &amp; Intricacies Of Love Lives (FB)"
"A creative usage of power cords."
"Kid gets run over by dog"
"Gotcha!......Wacha!"
"trying to wake up the day after taking a few Advil PM"
"HIFW my parents tell me to get a job at 16..."
"Cornbrator."
"If humans waged war with Bowser..."
"A downvote gif for my real life cake day"
"Don't Worry"
"As a non-programmer browsing i7t12"
"This better not be 'a thing'... Wtf."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Most accurate Sandy map yet"
"Let's see what we have he.. *bang*"
"How I feel today after learning a friend is going overseas and I won't be able to contact them for a few months.."
"How I feel when I see delicious food posts as a college student"
"When I see delicious food pics as a college student"
"This seemed right (first)"
"When Justin Bieber got a movie deal"
"After multiple failed attempts to gain karma for my bday  this is how feel."
"Bacon you say?"
"My reaction when I overhear people talk about twilight.."
"Can you spot it?"
"Whenever a see a sale in the electronics section."
"Me  seeing my wife exit the shower with neatly trimmed lady parts"
"TIL: &quot;CSI: Miami&quot; wasn't cancelled  it was moved to Japan"
"And now the story of a wealthy family..."
"Can i help?"
"The Judgmental Gorilla"
"Unimpressed Gorilla"
"Unimpressed Gorilla"
"I think I might be a fatass..."
"reddit  I have a confession..."
"had a conversation about boxxy with a friend so i looked her up  google images showed this..."
"I made a brief history of the History Channel for a project:"
"cakeday  you know what to do"
"Felix Baumgartner moments before he jumped"
"Felix Baumgartner ready to jump."
"Stepping Out of the Capsule"
"&quot;I'm going home now&quot;"
"When my ex girlfriend got on to my train today..."
"Oh fuck skydive"
"Amazing"
"I only thought it would help..."
"Someone Made An Effort"
"You know the old saying..."
"Don't do drugs kids.."
"Goats are like mushrooms.. found this looking for labyrinth era bowie pics... not seeing the correlation"
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"I should use google more often"
"Albino Cyclops Shark!"
"Soon..."
"How I felt on my 18th birthday when all I got was a cake from my family."
"They see me rollin'.... (x-post from r/formula1)"
"God damn I love chicken! (x-post from /r/wtf)"
"Chris Brown's new tattoo of Rihanna's face. A new level of scumbaggery."
"Moshing"
"Oh Link"
"Smallest penis on earth... meet largest. [FIXED]"
"I refuse to believe this is the same man"
"Awwwwkwaaaard"
"Incepchain"
"magic"
"I wonder if they are de-clawed..."
"Trying to wake my girlfriend up for sex during the middle of the night"
"I love the office (xpost r/trees)"
"Turn right  here"
"Funniest thing I've seen in a while"
"That's what being fearless is all about!"
"I JUST found out there was a Back Alley in OoT. This was my reaction..."
"I'm gonna believe that this isn't too far out there to be a real scenario."
"Great White in sunlight"
"There aren't enough baby polar bears on /r/aww."
"Everyone in my house right now."
"[IPHONE GOLD] IM PLAYING MY VIDYA SO COOK ME SOMETHING LOL!"
"Mother of God"
"To all my fellow graduates with jobs lined up..."
"When I post something I think is witty and get downvoted"
"from an unemployed recent grad to employed recent grads"
"Yo dog so I herd you like twins..."
"He makes bank"
"EVERTIME I see a post about Lil' Wayne quitting music"
"...Pushing Buttons"
"I am far from sober right now  this is me..."
"Lurker me  when I discovered upvoting is easy and might make someone happy!"
"Whenever people start commenting on one of my submissions..."
"Bitches be crazy"
"Pretty teeth"
"Creepy yet awesome body art...."
"Sandy  give me my damn trampoline back."
"So my friend from West Warwick posted this in his fb"
"Hurricane Sandy in my neighborhood"
"Hurricane sandy doesn't like trampolines."
"In Soviet Russia..."
"Hurricane Sandys wrath on Milford  Ct."
"Sandy  that's not how you use a trampoline"
"Hurricanes sure are fun...(Milford CT)"
"Biggest storm to ever hit the east coast... Might as well keep the trampoline up"
"It's still good! - Hurricane Sandy"
"Let's go out jumping! [Hurricane Sandy]"
"A trampoline got stuck in the power lines courtesy of Hurricane Sandy in Milford  CT"
"Get down from there  Trampoline. You are drunk."
"WTF Sandy... (In Connecticut)"
"Some hurricane damage."
"So saw this on Facebook..... (hurricane sandy)"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like volcanoes so...."
"So after 9 years of playing french horn  I had my first piano lesson today."
"My first blowjob (SFW)"
"What do you find attractive?"
"Average face of girls across various countries"
"The moment when you realize you have homework on a Sunday night."
"Me  after reading 50 shades of grey"
"When I FINALLY get be intimate with my boyfriend  and a phone rings"
"When I think of hurricane Sandy..."
"Buddy's senior quote from high school  this man really did love harpooning whales though."
"Hats"
"Steven &quot;Kenny&quot; Rodgers"
"T-Rex Diet"
"im a t-rex"
"Man in Syria whose house was bombed  drinking tea with zero fucks given"
"My worst nightmare while traveling"
"cos(b)"
"This is a car crossing the border with California."
"My sister said tumblr was better than reddit."
"Falcon REFLEX!"
"When you see it..."
"I wanna tell this guy my story."
"How it feels after not being on Reddit for a day"
"One day Simba  all this will be yours. . ."
"Whenever Someone Doesn't Pay Attention To My Presentation..."
"Just I don't even..  what the...  how did i find this?"
"Um... Yeah  OK  I guess so..."
"Horse with eight legs? Horse with eight legs."
"I kinda wish they still made these."
"My reaction when I saw the 12-year old kiss Carrie Underwood."
"this is how i feel when trying to talk to a girl."
"That awkward moment when a shepard cock blocks you"
"Please Love Me"
"A fountain of knowledge"
"Deal with it."
"me (and you too) as i'm reading reddit during work"
"A man using Apple Maps walks into a bar..."
"Crazy bathroom art!"
"Interesting bathroom paint scheme..."
"The coolest bathroom I've ever seen"
"You came to the wrong neighborhood."
"Dog Training 101"
"I have this gif from a while ago. I thought you guys might enjoy it."
"HIFW I destroy someone's argument in one sentence"
"I think everyone needs this in their collection."
"Rape Sloth from /b/"
"What rhymes with sloth"
"To every Confession Bear"
"When I heard the Viacom/DirectTV contract dispute was over"
"Found this Gem while Looking through my Pictures Library."
"What is the most epic picture you have ever seen. I'll start"
"Chewbacca on a Squirrel Killing Nazis"
"This is art people"
"Googled Chewbacca  was not disappointed"
"So THAT'S how we won.."
"That's what she's been up to"
"that's a little creepy  Batman."
"Drew Carey  The Marine."
"How Does This Happen??"
"Does anyone play an instrument?"
"To become a lion..."
"How I feel each time I downvote a post while browsing new"
"You will never be as bad ass as this man"
"Can't stop looking"
"I broke."
"Pluto's thoughts on not being a planet"
"Sometimes I wish I was a boy"
"I always knew my piss could do more!"
"What happens when I go to the bathroom if I forgot my phone"
"Gettin' paid to poop at work"
"I discovered /r/gonewild last week"
"Operation cop circle."
"Operation cop circle."
"Just a couple of friends hangin' out"
"Star Wars out of Costume"
"Came across this today."
"When you and your buddy walk by two hotties and one looks at you and the other looks at him."
"Rob wants to give you a high five! GET READY!"
"Candy (x-post from an r/askreddit comment)"
"A gif of a fat bitch  added with a song about a fat bitch."
"Could watch this all day"
"Rawr"
"10 000 000 upvotes? Nope  dorito."
"Oh lawd  noooooo!"
"My new favorite Reddit under heavy usage page"
"Literally one minute after posting... Reddit is (obviously) back up but I was so sad for a few minutes."
"F5.......F5......F5.....F5....F5...F5..F5.F5F5F5F5"
"Be what ever you want unless you can be batman then always be batman"
"Not quite the &quot;power move&quot; they intended.."
"Shitty ad placement"
"This is why you don't get out of the car when you break down on the highway."
"Probably what lots of people with Acrophobia think of Felix Baumgartner's jump"
"I don't.. I can't..? what."
"how my New Years resolutions end up"
"A bit of fb gold"
"Jesus."
"De Nada."
"Thank you  Jesus"
"Also  thanks Juan..."
"Thank you  Jesus."
"TIMBERRRR"
"Zero fucks given..."
"I'm sorry but it had to be done."
"just a koala drinking from a waterbottle."
"How LOST really ended"
"Meanwhile at Mojang"
"Is that a Star Trek Shirt?"
"Healthy interracial relationship."
"Love comes in many forms."
":0)"
"Gulp Gulp"
"The Power of Books"
"IT'S TOO POWERFUL!"
"What's with your lick and stick tattoos?"
"Why Nokia's are invincible"
"Boss spoilers for the next Metroid game"
"When I masturbate for the first time after a week long family vacation. (SFW)"
"Dat Brow!"
"went to get some iced tea."
"Ice-t  not Dr. Dre. my bad  sorry"
"Iced Tea"
"Best sand castle ever?"
"This how I feel on every college paper [gif]"
"didn't think this is what it would look like in real life?"
"Reposts..."
"Still a better love story than twilight"
"Best Friends"
"Earth has got a case of the humans...."
"Faith in my generation: lost."
"After seeing this on facebook  I just about gave up on humanity."
"Evil minds"
"Not sure if repost"
"aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAA *boom* (x-post /r/gifs)"
"Finally getting good trees after a few months of smoking mids. This is how I felt when it hit me."
"All my mornings since reddit"
"Priorities."
"A slight diference..."
"Op op op op Opression Gangnam Style"
"The first GIF to make me laugh for 5 minutes straight"
"P.S. My Bad"
"This was one of the results on google images for the search &quot;wtf&quot;"
"I found this on my brother's computer. He has an interesting taste."
"What the fuck is that."
"wut"
"Seriously what the fuck"
"the original WTF"
"This is kind of fucking scary."
"Still the Most Random Photo in Existence [NSFW]"
"Here is a picture of Mastodon with Barney and friends."
"This is the band Mastodon with the cast of Barney...So metal"
"Oh  just an elephant hanging arou...OMGWTF!?"
"REPOST! [gif]"
"The front page today"
"Basically everything these days."
"Firefighting"
"I heard she got divorced"
"My friend's reaction to when I told him it was my &quot;Cake Day&quot;"
"How i feel with no Diablo and seeing all these posts about it"
"When my friends ask me what I think about Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes getting divorced."
"How I feel about the Olympic opening ceremony"
"My feelings on the whole Chick-Fil-A controversy"
"Sick dance moves"
"Baby Chewie"
"star wars puppy"
"My co-pilot"
"Stealing WiFi [FB]"
"Last night of the Steam Sale"
"We're fucked."
"How I felt reading the Paul Krugman AMA"
"After reading the Paul Krugman IAMA"
"Me reading the Wikipedia article on the antiviral drug I'm taking."
"Genetics"
"Whenever my dog sees I have food..."
"Why it's hard for me to enjoy my food..."
"we all want something"
"&quot;A Slightly Tense Experience&quot;"
"&quot;A Fairly Tense Experience&quot;"
"Unitard"
"Reddit"
"Laziness Level: Reddit [FIXED]"
"How I feel when I downvote a comment that already scores below the threshold..."
"Ridiculous amount of upvotes?"
"I can't be the only one who's completely done with this."
"How we play monopoly on reddit"
"What's going on there?"
"i need to take a break"
"The bird's face..."
"My reaction when people started following me on Twitter"
"How I feel when I look at my Steam friendlist"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"How I feel when I check my Facebook after a night out"
"Coming back to facebook after a year."
"My FB wall on my IRL cakeday"
"What it felt like going through my Facebook friends and deleting 300+ people..."
"'Murica FTW!"
"Cheery  camo-clad soldiers holding invisible rifles and charging a beach."
"i think it fits pretty well"
"How I feel when I come out to the parking lot to find my bike tipped over"
"What “Beans” from &quot;Even Stevens”  looks like today."
"Beans"
"Is Slenderman Home?.."
"Hes not here right now"
"Sorry internets  that wall cloud (NYC Sandy) aint the real thing (howtotellbythepixels.gov)"
"Hurricane - New York City"
"Holy mother of science."
"The beauty of Sandy's power."
"An awesome picture of Hurricane Sandy over New York City."
"Shot of the Frankenstorm bearing down on New York City"
"Sandy Hits NyC"
"The power and beauty of nature is incredible."
"Unedited shot of the Statue of Liberty with Sandy behind it"
"An amazing shot of New York City today. Nature is so powerful  yet so beautiful."
"Amazing shot of the statue of liberty and Sandra!"
"Deer wants to fly too."
"How I feel when I come to Reddit to be distracted and all I see is donation posts."
"Once in a lifetime"
"doing this for thanksgiving"
"So I hear Reddit likes bacon. Can Redditor families expect this for Thanksgiving?"
"Ahh yes thanksgiving"
"Every time I'm in the bathroom at a restaurant."
"In response to the 10-year Civ game and the follow-up Civ posts..."
"Am I the only one?"
"How I feel as a Arma I / Arma II veteran"
"I always read people complaining about this."
"On Deceptive Romney and Spiteful Billionaire"
"Jack Black  master of seduction."
"Need a 3rd arm"
"Cat in a box"
"Cat in a box"
"Whenever my friends want me to meet their children..."
"Winter is coming"
"Blue Stream through a Purple Forest"
"Will someone please explain to me WTF just happened?"
"Are you fucking kidding me"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"Don't know if this Nicholas Cage couch has been posted already but I just saw it for the first time and kind of want it."
"The Nic Cage sofa."
"Buy yourself something nice."
"TIL hats give you wealth and power"
"How I feel upvoting a comment at 0."
"Who said yolo?!"
"Hog's balls are so big his turds land on them (NSFW/NSFL)"
"Soon  we will be ready to start our invasion against the dogs"
"I always knew they were planning something"
"Go cats!"
"The 90s."
"How I felt on the way home from work on my cake day: &quot;Gotta go to Reddiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.....&quot;"
"When I have kids  I want it to be a kid like this"
"True gangsta."
"Haters Gunna Hate"
"What it feels like to leave reddit."
"Aligned dandelion"
"Overly Attached Boyfriend"
"Fire tits. [NSFW]"
"The Dark Knight"
"god i wish this was a skyrim mod !"
"For all those who are reluctant to click on that upvote arrow  I have a request..."
"I just got RES."
"My thoughts on the virtual curiosity landing/space explorer..."
"How I feel after making my first fantasy football team"
"Where Do Astronauts Hang Out?"
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"To sell propane  you must become propane."
"Amazing sculpture"
"How it feels when my post gets downvoted"
"What I predict Halloween 2012 will consist of:"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Walking into the Valentines candy aisle tomorrow with the $7.56 I have left in my checking account"
"That feel when you trap a treasure goblin in a corner..."
"Love Your Parents While You Can."
"Keep calm..."
"Stay away from me"
"Nice work Luke. [Repost]"
"We'll deck the halls when we damn well feel like it"
"First Mountain Dew  then Taylor Swift  now 9Gag. GO 4CHAN!"
"9gag attack(X post from /r/4chan  repost for awareness)"
"Just a seal"
"Just a seal"
"Ummmm.... haha?"
"favorite segment of whose line is it anyway."
"Baby Bodybuilder"
"Big Dreams"
"Bro  do you even lift?"
"Don't worry Mom  I got this."
"Oh hai dere"
"Any love for an adorable FISH? Dog-faced pufferfish!"
"Ridiculously photogenic fish."
"Chinese Torture Device [FIXED]"
"This picture wins the Internet (face swap)."
"This is still my favorite Photoshop of all time."
"Just grabbing some Micky Ds when all of the sudden"
"Everything these guys touch platinumize"
"Still the greatest gif I've ever found."
"I'm so fresh"
"cake day celebration"
"Crayola Star Wars"
"Violence goes too far."
"Oh you don't say"
"Logically of course"
"Photo of how a bubble looks when it's half way through popping snapped at the perfect moment"
"My thoughts after San Francisco set a bus on fire after winning the world series."
"(╯°□°）╯︵ \_/"
"The Comedy equivalent of the Avengers"
"I'm sure hardly any of you realized this until now"
"Cant help but share this with you guys"
"Wilt Chamberlain and Andre the Giant -- holding up Arnold Schwarzenegger (on the set of Conan)! [PIC]"
"Wilt Chamberlin  Arnold Schwarzenegger  and Andre the Giant on the set of &quot;Conan  the Destroyer&quot; - TOTALLY AWESOME!"
"Meanwhile.. in Philippines"
"My favorite Halloween movie antagonists."
"This was playing when opened today's wtf gif"
"Lumberjacks Hand Felling a Redwood Tree - California  1892"
"Waking up with 5 minutes till the bus comes"
"My friends all decided to study abroad this semester. I chose to stay on campus."
"After scrolling down too far and activating Never Ending Reddit"
"when I found out i could have save more than $50 on the flight that I already booked in a different website"
"I just got bored shaving and decided to continue down to my chest  this is how I feel"
"you melt  you lose..."
"There's just nothing cuter than a puppy. Nothing."
"Too damn cute"
"What are you looking at?"
"My buddy posted this on my wall and the thing is  I don't doubt it."
"Saw this in my news feed today."
"No no... No no no no.. head shake"
"Whenever I try to be cool and wink at someone"
"Can't possibly think of a title for this one"
"MY favorite gif ever!"
"How I feel after deleting my first reddit account and not having my name in my new one!"
"Manscaping after 4 months"
"this duck is the 1%"
"Yeah so uhh... Hurricane sandy"
"How I react when I log in and see I made the front page."
"How I feel after finishing all my exams."
"Awkward"
"Awkward"
"My friend looked a lot like the guy in this ad."
"hawkward"
"Just groovin'"
"Photobombing dolphin"
"Found him"
"I need a whole bunch of people to tell me that this isn't true. Right now."
"Meanwhile at home in Australia...lunch is being served"
"Angel"
"And the angel said unto him...."
"So today at the store..."
"No  I want Coco Puffs!"
"You'd think he'd know how to deal with this..."
"Science in the house"
"Oh fuck. Ohfuck. OhfuckohfuckohfuckohfARRRRGGGHHH!!"
"Doggy Style"
"Did Somebody Say Binders Full of Women??"
"New Orleans Streetcar"
"Physics in Motion"
"Batman wants a sandwich"
"Some things never change"
"Probably one of the saddest pictures on the Internet [FIXED]"
"If you're wearing white  wipe twice (maybe nsfw)"
"My drawing escaped!"
"How I feel when opening condiments without a &quot;tear here&quot; label."
"Anon easily won a desktop thread with this"
"The only game I want to make a comeback"
"Om nom nom tree"
"Everytime I see a .gif I wish it was this one."
"So i went on a date with a girl I really like..."
"Saw this and it cracked me up"
"YESSSSSSS"
"I've noticed that there are a lot of cake days this month ....... how i feel about posting something"
"Trying to explain 50 Shades of Gray to foreign friend of mine"
"How I feel after I just got my PS3 and hear news of the PS4"
"Coming home  40 000BC"
"Anyone else remember this game?"
"Bing  this is the biggest lie. Ever."
"Redditor soaped the dick of Invisible Man just for karma."
"Googled &quot;Hurricane Sandy pics&quot; and was not disappointed."
"Endless..."
"Friday- Snake Party"
"Oh /b/ you make me laugh"
"Bert and Ernie"
"Chris Brown tattoos a bruised and beaten woman on his neck."
"Chris Brown tattoos a bruised and beaten woman on his neck."
"And people think I'm strange for wanting a pet rat..."
"How I eat as a Muslim in Ramadan before the fasting begins..."
"Sex is sex..."
"Who the fuck made this app?"
"My first picture  and I think it's true."
"Well this was a simple choice"
"I'm already there."
"The autumn leaves were turning to the colour of her hair."
"I couldn't resist. [x-post from /r/houseMD]"
"How a key works"
"BOOOSH"
"Wait for it.."
"Quite possibly the best counter for Pro-choice I have ever seen."
"That's what I would have done"
"Seems fitting"
"Yesterday i didn't give a crap about karma (i had 6 link karma)  this is my reaction to the 114 link karma i have today"
"Unpleasant memories"
"The War on Terror in a Nutshell"
"Whaaaaa?!?"
"The Last Supper...of Science!"
"The only last supper I would attend"
"One part owl  one part squirrel  all parts adorable."
"I was searching planets... close enough."
"Maybe THE cutest thing I've ever seen!"
"Little ball of cuteness"
"Tweets on TV."
"brain freeze"
"Pupsicle"
"Bill Nye"
"Aw yiss"
"A Bird's Life"
"Dem Seagulls be Lovin' it"
"Bread Crumbs"
"Well it sure beats &quot;I love dicks&quot; [FB]"
"When a theist tells me that atheism starts wars and ruins lives."
"When my girlfriend tries to start an argument with me."
"When my friend tells me he slept with a pornstar."
"HIFW my chubby friends give me diet advice."
"If this is a repost... It's still awesome."
"Traps."
"It's a trap!"
"Dat Wind-up"
"Wait for it..."
"Today was a good day!"
"How I feel getting Friday off"
"How I felt seeing my post on the front page."
"How I feel after winning an argument with an Atheist"
"How I feel having enough money to pay all my bills on time this month..."
"when my manager says i can go home early"
"When you realize you forgot about those leftover Microsoft points"
"me while watching Slick Willy's speech last night..."
"Look at this and try not to flinch."
"nope"
"Saw this beauty in the comments  it needs to be seen"
"Alakazam used Psy Beam"
"Alakazam used Psybeam!"
"Found it in r/pics  but it belongs here... a worthy Duckface replacement!"
"Damn it  Batman!"
"Um  Batman  I think he is so serious"
"shes a natural"
"Pre-test at ASU  from Facebook"
"What I Did Yesterday When My Ex Knocked On My Door Uninvited."
"I can has a cookie now? k thanks bye"
"Hey what's thi...oh...oh my..yessssss."
"Barrel rolls. Do one."
"Dog chasing car  puppy jumps out of moving car to play"
"Nice to meet yaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
"Who let the dogs out"
"Falcon Punch!"
"Freefalling from 128 000 feet"
"just a jump from 125 000 feet"
"A gif of the first few seconds of Felix Baumfardner's record breaking parachute jump  amazing."
"GIF Of Felix Baumgartner Jumping From Space"
"Jumping feet first into a pool of Red Bull and pussy."
"The miracle of being a father"
"Ah  the good old NHS."
"I see you got a thuc life there swagrid"
"x-post from /r/atheism"
"If you miss WTFs roots raise your hand"
"Math in a nutshell."
"How to double profits."
"i got it"
"Advantages of being colorblind"
"flying furball"
"Colonel Sanders and his droogs  ready for a bit of the old ultraviolence."
"A young Stephen Colbert"
"Stephen Colbert as young Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"This handsome young man!"
"This image blew my nostalgia fuse"
"Childhood=Ruined"
"Storm stroll"
"I fucking new there was something fishy going on."
"Photoshop ruins my life. (x-post /r/funny)"
"Taking moobs to a whole new level"
"Make a stand Reddit  this is happening."
"Reddit after clicking &quot;Load more comments&quot;"
"Fuck .."
"As an engineering student this is me lately...."
"the originals."
"everytime a waitress asks me if pepsi is ok after i asked for a coke."
"The Black Eyed Peas Experience"
"Sister asked what fap means."
"I posted my best joke on a throw-away account"
"School starts in 2 weeks"
"Looking up who has IP rights to an old favorite (in the event it gets remade)  and finding out it's Activision."
"Upon learning that Apple is ditching Google Maps for their own version on the iPhone..."
"After hearing 343 bought the domain names for Halo 7  8 and 9"
"When I turn on my PC and it's starts to update..."
"When my dad used to try and give me the *sex talk*."
"My face when I heard Hostess was going out of business"
"Space shuttle Endeavor's flight deck [1050 x 699] (X-post from r/pics)"
"Browsing r/buildapc when trying to build my first computer with 0 technical knowledge"
"Mine does"
"Party Hard!"
"Sharks wouldn't be so scary if they all looked like this"
"Happy Shark Week!"
"Sharks with human teeth"
"Salvador Dali taking his anteater for a walk"
"Just Dali walking a Giant Ant Eater  that's all."
"Scary to think that not too long ago this was accepted by society no questions asked"
"Keepin' It Clean"
"Me the first time on /b/"
"Once you visit this room  you'll never see sunlight again. (X-Post from r/funny)"
"Slender checks under his bed for Chuck Norris"
"Who wants to buy a face?"
"Black Knight killin' it"
"Tis but a scratch"
"No thanks McDonalds I will pass"
"Go Home McDonalds Your Drunk"
"Oh shi..."
"i don't mean to sound slutty but... [SFW]"
"So a deer walks into a bar..."
"Having never been to a Dubstep show  this is how I felt after a few drinks."
"My pocket whale and My Girlfriend's Dog Face-timing. The whale was amused."
"Baby Koala"
"Just another redditor"
"He's got my vote."
"He would win by a landslide on Reddit"
"Every day this seems like a better option."
"This GIF made my day"
"How I feel like when I tell my team that I buzzkilled a guy who was about to get a nuke in Modern Warfare 2"
"pedosquirrel?"
"How I feel trying to see the transit of Venus"
"Sounds about right clint eastwood"
"Grampa Clint"
"today's newspaper no matter where you live"
"When /r/aww meets /r/WTF"
"This should be the opening for every episode."
"I went to a halloween party dressed as Karl from up and look who I randomly met!"
"Bill and Hillary Clinton in their younger days."
"Conan  the newest member of g-unit"
"Chill dude...she's 18!"
"Relaxation"
"my new favorite gif"
"Bear Plunge!"
"Whenever I see my friend in a classroom and I'm on break."
"Let loose the hounds of war!!"
"Doritos in a salt grinder."
"I picked the best time to turn on the news."
":O"
"Chicken Heads"
"Saw this on r/funny and figured it could use some music"
"Business  ALL THE TIME."
"If you edit a magazine called 'Where'  you really ought to be more careful with your layout"
"Jesus on a Raptor"
"Here's a ring for those who want to commit suicide"
"Facebook gave me a suicide ring. (i know it wouldnt work but still WTF)"
"It's My First Cakeday Today  So I Challenge You To Piss With Confidence"
"Ughhhh"
"Right place  wrong time"
"Gesundheit.."
"My nips are rock hard."
"what. the. actual. fuck?"
"What Neil really saw on the first moon walk"
"sterberks"
"Such a manly drawing"
"Release The Kraken!"
"I DONT GIVE A"
"Ladies  this is not funny anymore! STOP IT!!!"
"*facepalm*"
"How I feel waking up from a nap I never intended to take.."
"Nope. I will not wake up. Now go away."
"What did you say  Ma?"
"Yes  this is a human being(NSFL)"
"Congratulations  it's a WTF"
"When Cats try to become Tarzan"
"Social Awkward Penguin goes in for a snack"
"did you know"
"Is this how Reddit works?"
"Stop! You have violated the law!"
"Well Played Seagull"
"Stupid Hoe"
"Back dat ass up"
"As a Floridian how I see a category 1 hurricane and all the hype it gets."
"Apparently I've been playing mine wrong... [NSFW]"
"What Facebook is usually like.."
"Human skull before adult teeth grew in"
"What I imagine people do when Reddit's down."
"Not much to see here  just Colonel Sanders and Alice Cooper being awesome together."
"This is how I picture every Redditor when I read through comments."
"who I imagine makes mean comments on bad posts."
"How do you kill something that has no life?"
"How I imagine the commenters at /r/GoneWild [FIXED]"
"Seeing a Facebook Argument"
"When I come across an argument about politics on facebook"
"Found this...."
"This. I don't know what to say."
"And that's why you don't play on the train tracks  kids."
"Spongebob IRL"
"Tripping into handcuffs... like arresting an infant"
"SAY CHEESE!!"
"Chubby Seal before Sneeze"
"Favorite Sandy photo so far: Striper doing some urban exploring"
"Oh No You Di'unt!"
"I don't stop eating when I'm full."
"What do you mean I'm not a bear!"
"Nothing is impossible if you set your mind to it."
"Can you touch this?"
"banana cat"
"Rethink insecurity"
"This is tripping me out  focus on the mandelbrot set  not a .gif"
"Proof reddit predates the internet"
"I think it's time for an upgrade."
"Pretty Cool if you do it right"
"Murder murder murder  kill kill kill"
"Betrayal"
"We're destroying our planet (By Mario Sanchez Nevado)"
"Los Angeles"
"DANGA ZOOOONE"
"D.A.N.C.E"
"While browsing reddit and listening to an older rap classic  this beauty was born. Enjoy."
"Badass Atheists"
"MFW my post gets a few upvotes  then destroyed with downvotes."
"What I was like after seeing all the negative reviews of the iPhone 5"
"need a haircut?"
"White Whale [repost]"
"Old but still relevant."
"He was a dick anyway..."
"The exact amount of time it takes to lose faith in the new posts that are posted in r/funny"
"Portal Leap"
"I'm not crazy. All i wanted was a Pepsi."
"Badass of the year 2012"
"Felix Baumgartner's jump from space"
"Redbull Stratos - Freefall"
"Felix Baumgartner jumping from 128000ft"
"Felix Baumgartner's leap of faith."
"Felix Baumgartn-weeeeeeee"
"Felix Baumgartner breaks world trampoline jump record"
"When you are up this high  you really realize how small you are."
"LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE!!"
"When my first post wasn't downvoted into oblivion."
"This gif was posted earlier today...but it completely describes how I felt hitting 1000 comment karma."
"I finally managed to quit smoking. Day 1  this is how i feel."
"This explains so much  Reddit."
"MY PRECIOUS!"
"OPPA BATMAN STYLE"
"This is what I imagine getting slapped in the face in super slow motion looks like."
"I approve magical battles."
"Showing my little brother portal."
"When someone purposely starts an argument about religion"
"How I feel about my life as I'm about to hit 1K comment karma..."
"To my fellow Muslims....."
"This is Baby Girl."
"Sandy Hits NyC"
"I'm not sure if this hurricane Sandy picture is fake."
"What my friends in Portland think Sandy is like"
"The Dog Costume of The Year!"
"Mission Accomplished"
"Ima Hurrrrrsee"
"Im on a ball"
"Hey you"
"cause this is thriller!"
"Faucet Valve Night Light"
"shi shi shi shi shi shi shi shi shi shi..."
"This is why Chinese is difficult to learn"
"Chinese is a bad ass language"
"Jumping from the edge of the world (animated gif)"
"Felix Baumgartner jumps from the edge of space"
"Here goes nothin..."
"Here goes nothin..."
"Red Bull Stratos Jump"
"Felix Baumgartner's 120 000ft jump"
"Felix went Leeroy on us."
"I mistyped an imgur link and this appeared."
"I mistyped an imgur link..."
"supercat"
"No more Uncharted for you  cat."
"Whenever my girlfriend tells me she's on her period"
"Purrkour fail"
"WATAAAA"
"So after one year on reddit"
"I've been on Reddit for a year. This is a classic in my book."
"Dear editors of &quot;WHERE&quot; magazine  two words: IMAGE PLACEMENT"
"Zombie weapon"
"Halloween &quot;defacing&quot; of my university's Dirac Library statue"
"I love my school..."
"deadmau5"
"Whenever I'm in public and realize my pants don't have pockets."
"How I feel using twitter"
"Everytime I get an upvote"
"&quot;Bacon CheeseBurger please&quot; &quot;Im sorry Sir  we're out of cheese... but i can substitute it with more bacon if you like?&quot;"
"When my boyfriend hears a weird sound  then asks me if I farted"
"after unsubscribing from a bunch of subreddits and looking on the front page"
"Girlfriend asked if I wanted to try anal"
"Here's an on-set shot of Carrie Fisher in her iconic &quot;bikini Leia&quot; mode  along with her stunt double  catching some rays during the filming of Return of the Jedi."
"Just Princess Leia and her stunt double chilling' out and sunbathing on Jabba the Hutt's cruise ship."
"Oh  so that's how anatomy works."
"What Spiderman actually sits there doing."
"Silly spidey ;)"
"Can anyone explain this?"
"Just the Cops beating an unconscious guy after he wiped out. Nothing to see here."
"Elrond was worried about my trip to Mt. Doom  so I sent him this photo."
"He's got a valid point."
"Need More Titties! [SFW]"
"Lazy."
"Finally found some Facebook gold!"
"First world problems. (Just saw this on my home page.)"
"Got him! [FB]"
"Rollin' on a River"
"Why are you always in such a bad mood?"
"Found this on fb...I think the don't understand"
"This just showed up on my news feed."
"Sloth lunch time!"
"Reddit  I've wanted a sequel to this game since I last played it."
"My current town's police had to get &quot;diversity training&quot; for profiling African-Americans [pulling them over excessively]...made me think of this."
"Should I feel bad for laughing at this?"
"Went to R/Monopoly as a joke and found this gem."
"I am not raising anything. Black Monopoly."
"Justin Bieber just released a new song."
"What the internet has been telling me to do all day"
"Meanwhile  in r/aww"
"I dream of doing this"
"Just scrolling through some pictures when all of a sudden"
"Just youtube comments.."
"O.o"
"WHO WILL WIN?!"
"Cat Pong."
"Look at that COOKIE"
"COOOOOOKIE"
"forever my favorite gif"
"when i find out my post made front page"
"When I find a subreddit of one of my favorite things."
"Getting the top rated comment feel."
"SRS logic"
"One of those times color might be helpful."
"Why print media is dying"
"Ermahgerd Bernerners in Perjermers"
"Teamwork."
"Very True"
"UW Coach Calling In The Game Winning Play"
"Nature reclaims."
"Bitch  I'm Fabulous"
"How I feel when someone says it's their &quot;Cake-day&quot;"
"When I'm arguing with someone and they're downvoting all my posts."
"What religion will r/atheism go after next?"
"Whenever work tells me they really need me to come in on my day off"
"Pizza and Cookies  amIdoinitrite?"
"Doing it Right (pic)"
"Squirrels in my town are way to domesticated"
"Here is a squirrel. He's eating pizza."
"They were thirsty [xpost from r/creepy]"
"Ever Wonder What it Would be Like to Stick Your Head Up A Koala?"
"dude  I told you we should have stayed in the cage"
"Piano man"
"War and Music"
"Yeah  I see EVERYTHING."
"Like I give a fuck!"
"Bohemian Rhapsody...OMG! I know that song. It's from GLEE."
"How I feel after someone spent $4 to get me reddit gold"
"Ignore if you want grandma to die (Facebook)"
"Is this what facebook has come to...?"
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"Me after I accidentally click on a link from r/spacedicks"
"The minute I finish my last exam"
"Whenever I see my ex at a party."
"I've just seen a giant spider on my wall."
"This kitty is cold chillin."
"First thing I thought of"
"This is now my home"
"This will be my new home."
"How I feel when I get downvoted.."
"Stressed out? Relax with this."
"Hovergirl and her sidekick  LSD Cat"
"LLLOOOUUDDEERR!!!"
"I must protect my people"
"Wait for it..."
"WTF is wrong with some people..."
"Reddit Office"
"After one year of reddit I finaly discovered which was the headquarters of reddit."
"Smashing book! [x-post r/gifs]"
"Hitler's self iPhone photo"
"This makes me not want to live on this planet anymore"
"Just made this. Maybe one day this will be our view of the moon?"
"Bro watch me juggle this fire"
"How to end a trick"
"I Knew It! Its Right In Front Of US. She's A Closet Lesbian"
"When someone says &quot;I know karate&quot;..."
"18 000 people create a Human Statue of Liberty."
"Me and a friend leaving our Calc final."
"How I felt walking out of my AP exam today"
"Did you hear something Bill?"
"No  it can't be!"
"Finished my last final exam of the semester today..."
"How I feel on those rare occasions when a religious person agrees with something I said in a debate"
"As both a new(ish) and black redditor  this is how I feel having finally broken 100 comment karma"
"Wake me up before you Carlton."
"All I want is a heart..."
"The Holy Grail"
"My God..."
"Nose."
"Hey look  that snake has got something...NOPE!"
"(Not sure if this has been posted) wtf"
"alright."
"When did Brittney Spears get a new tattoo"
"Same reason why i failed math.."
"When ever i try to study."
"Get a real job."
"Self explanatory"
"How I feel whenever I open both double doors"
"repost but hulk wins"
"People who pre-loaded Borderlands 2  at 11:59PM on Monday night."
"Inspired by the infomercial gif collection posted earlier  I created this downvote gif."
"UnDead"
"awwwwww baby long neck"
"Baby Giraffe -- I feel like he should be wearing glasses"
"Baby Giraffe. That is all."
"Well  hi there!"
"I think reddit needs more giraffes."
"Just been reading a lot of sad stuff on reddit today...this is how I feel. Try not to judge  I know its overdone."
"How I feel as a Scottish person reading about how everyones summer is too hot."
"Austin Texas  on the day I planned to actually go outside and hang out with my friends at a local natural spring..."
"How I feel when my link has already been posted."
"Feels bad man"
"I burnt my bacon"
"Me trying to talk to a girl at a party"
"lolololol"
"Ronald Raygun [1920x1080]"
"JK Rowling's reaction to negative reviews of her new (non-Harry Potter) book"
"When people insult me  a norwegian."
"Why"
"Just Sean Connery fucking a sea turtle."
"As if Baltimore couldn't get any worse."
"Just Rick Santorum Enjoying Some Ice Cream"
"Optical illusion"
"A Collection"
"The quality isn't great  but d'awwwwww"
"I can't stop awwing"
"Scary swell"
"Up next on Bridezillas..."
"How I feel when people down vote my first post."
"Roots? Ok then..."
"NOPE level [shark]"
"Shark Infested Mall? 0_o"
"How it feels to keep studying on Day 3 of finals."
"After browsing /new"
"Keep losing my damn dog...."
"Chinese take-out like you've never seen before. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Just a cat."
"Welcome to Alberta  where people drive convertibles during blizzards."
"Essay Rage"
"I will do this to my kids  thanks for the idea internet!"
"Going to sleep like a boss"
"THIS DOG IS FUCKING AWESOME!!!"
"As a console gamer changing over to PC gaming  I feel like this sums up my first few matches on TF2 pretty well."
"replying to an angry email"
"How I feel introducing my whole dorm to my girlfriend."
"No one can dodge punches like Ali"
"I'm not sure whether to be terrified or impressed"
"We all love the arcade. Not as much as this kid."
"Fat vs. Skinny [x-post from r/keto]"
"When browsing reddit at 2am"
"saw this guy through the window of starbucks   i had to come in and take a pic"
"This Dude told me he takes his Mac everywhere. Even to Starbucks!"
"Soon."
"Still my favorite 'cute animal pic' - love this little guy"
"Jumpolines just are not as fun"
"trampolines"
"SUCK IT red light!"
"We all felt this way. (Not sure if repost.)"
"How I feel when my friends tell me they're religious."
"Writing the date for the next month"
"2012"
"After walking out of Titanic 3D last night."
"Dog: &quot;GAH!&quot;"
"Soo Deep."
"Revenge."
"I miss this game"
"Please bring this series back"
"Re-watching the entire series from the beginning  I had forgotten about this and it made me laugh quite a bit."
"This show is for kids?"
"Probably the biggest WTF moment on Spongebob.."
"I'll admit  this got me"
"Whenever people get angry at trolls"
"LONG YELLOW THINGS... or  ya know  bananas. Bananas would work there too."
"Shadows"
"TIL that Zach Gilifinakis is a time traveler..."
"Ever seen an hour-old elephant?"
"My reaction when I beat my friends in any video game."
"THIS. IS. FOOTBALL!!!"
"My new favorite gif"
"Tommy  This is Your New Little Brother..."
"What I dream about doing in our 5-hour  2nd Monday of the month budget meeting!"
"How I feel when I visit 4chan for the first time"
"So they finally blocked reddit at work"
"r/christianhumor"
"Crazy old girlfriend tracked me down at my work today"
"When I net more comment karma on a bs novelty account than on my actual account."
"TIL &quot;Teen Mom&quot; was in my town."
"Seeing one of my good friends post from 9gag"
"I know what I'm doing this Halloween!"
"People Change..."
"When I do have a child  I WILL teach my baby how to do this. Best baby trick ever! [PIC]"
"What are you doing？？？"
"Every time I try to help my friends."
"Them kittens... they never learn..."
"Its true....."
"How I Reddit after I found out about pressing J then A"
"It was him!"
"A Mandarin Dragonet in all its colorful glory"
"I used to have one of these magnificent fish in my saltwater tank  behold  the mandarin dragonet"
"How different animals respond to being in a box"
"When people tell me I'm going to hell for supporting gays"
"The image shot seconds before we learned that sperm whales were carnivorous"
"Whale."
"The psychedelic result of alcohol placed under a microscope"
"How I feel when everyone at school knows I have gum"
"Oh god don't stop  don't stop!"
"Whenever I open a bag of chips at school."
"Colin Style! (x/post from /r/whoselineisitanyway)"
"Hmmmm..."
"When someone gives me a compliment"
"I Fear Nothing."
"Is that a yes?"
"Translation: &quot;I hope so Bubble Boy&quot;"
"When someone posts something from /r/spiders to /r/funny..."
"When someone yells &quot;Cops!&quot; trying to freak everyone out and thinks it's funny..."
"Someone else must feel this way when trying to watch anything by Tyler Perry"
"Browsing /r/new"
"Europe and USA"
"Stereotypical Truth"
"How Europeans see America  and vice versa."
"Dear Reddit: The Manul post lead me to Google . . . which led me to this."
"Oh my god Aragorn"
"Oh no he didn't"
"Airports..."
"Expensive friendzone"
"1 millisecond after nuclear detonation"
"World War Two  video game style"
"Poor Shuttlecock"
"Makes me smile every time..."
"One of the best pictures out there I'd say"
"'Murica and their achievements."
"This young boy asked santa for his dad back for christmas"
"Manliness."
"If Slenderman was Jamaican"
"Your koalafications are irrelephant"
"oh mawry"
"Look at the wee lil' boots..."
"Found this on my fb feed and popped a karma boner."
"Hahaha! This is so grea-FUCK!"
"Example A of how not to do it."
"When i submit links on Reddit."
"Whenevar you posst with spelling errars..."
"Morality."
"When looking through most of /new"
"Listening to fundie logic."
"My friend just pronounced Reddit &quot;Read-It.&quot;"
"My reaction to most of the comments in r/gonewild"
"MFW my girlfriend is watching toddlers and tiaras"
"How I feel when an ugly girl is staring at me from across the club"
"sdfghjm"
"Why Brain... Why."
"Silk Shake"
"I can't comprehend this. WTF"
"knew it"
"yeah...stop explaining...I'm coming"
"Overly Manly Man's dog?"
"Best answer ever from a student when asked what sexual bullying is."
"Make it stop."
"Several mice have broken off from the main group. Come with me!"
"The Cute sloth trend still going?"
"Everytime I try to do anal with my girlfriend."
"Forever alone"
"The planets to scale!"
"Lets rustle up some sluts lol"
"When I'm in the mood and my girlfriend isn't."
"Plays music CDs too!"
"Guile Jam"
"my reaction to my first real taste of winter this year"
"After Redditing all day at work  then getting home and clicking on every link you have already seen."
"After Redditing all day at work  then getting home and clicking on every link you have already seen.."
"how I imagine internet arguers"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like cats..."
"I finally figured out who that cat reminds me of..."
"More pictures of the original grumpy cat [x-post r/pics]"
"I'll bet this started with &quot;Hang on  I have a great idea.&quot;"
"Awesome Japanese Candy (from r/WTF)"
"SCIENCE!"
"This game alone made being an early 3DS adopter worth it"
"The victims got to meet Christain Bale..."
"How I react to sarcasm"
"What's the matter  Nietzsche?"
"Whoever upvotes when I'm at 0."
"My reaction whenever someone tells me that they are also an Atheist."
"Whenever someone mentions they are Canadian in comments"
"After seeing another male in Victoria's Secret when I'm with a girl"
"When my comm. professor mentioned Obama's AMA..."
"This made my day"
"When I hear someone else listening to Gangnam Style in their car"
"Schools out!"
"As a college Freshmen searching for my major."
"Anyone have the backstory here?"
"As a 25 year old man who just got into a relationship after being single for 7 years."
"CHOO CHOO"
"HERE I COME TO SAVE THE DAY!"
"Hipster Jesus"
"Not sure how to make downvote GIFs  but this scene from TATBOPE needs to be one. Any takers?"
"I don't need a mask to be..."
"My girlfriend painted this. She thinks its bad  but I think it's ok."
"I drew this picture of my girlfriend."
"So my boyfriend is over 400 years old and drew this a while ago. He thinks it's bad  but what do you guys think?"
"Please sir  no touching of the dog."
"A True Women's Otter"
"Science..."
"My Daughter found this on Teabonics"
"Yo baby  don't stop now."
"I heard you guys like cats."
"Who ate the damn pizza rolls?"
"My first attempt at the random feature on Imgur. Did not disappoint."
"So Awesome...Wolverine doing Gangnam Style with Psy!"
"Too Slow"
"That moment you get left hanging on national tv"
"You don't have to like golf to appreciate this."
"The best part of The Masters"
"After my team argues all game then gets one ace and wins"
"Tha-a-a-a-at's the spo-o-o-ot"
"Whenever I ask for the shampoo after getting my hair cut"
"College really isn't necessary"
"Worst super hero ever."
"A damn fine machine"
"It's not what it looks like. I swear. Oh god  you're not going to tell the the other guys are you?"
"Damn chunk errors..."
"PUT ME DOWN! I'll bite your freakin' face off."
"Vicious puppy attack!"
"When I see a redditor in real life"
"Oh Spongebob..."
"Then liquor it is!"
"Don't let anyone tell you what you can't be."
"I present to Reddit... The Corgi-Cat"
"How ganking as a jungler feels in the 1400s"
"Just sayin..."
"The pug life didn't chose me I chose the pug life"
"How I feel showing a funny YouTube video to my friends and them not finding it funny"
"Every day I'm cuddlin'"
"Meet fluffy.Sleeping"
"&quot;So only one beer per person you say? Okay then  I'll bring the cups.&quot;"
"They wanted it to be as good as alcohol-free. Therefore  limited serving alcohol to one (1) glass per person. I was instructed to arrange the glass. (Repost? - oldschool?)"
"The ring of fire"
"Look at my horse  my horse is amazing"
"That moment when you realize..."
"Things to do when the internet is out..."
"Target needs to review delivery procedures [gif]"
"What were Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta thinking with this one? Wow.."
"SANDY 2012"
"What I tell people when they try to eat Thai food."
"morning!"
"Game of Zords"
"Gets me every time."
"My friend is applying to school when he came across this..."
"Tis but a scratch [nsfw]"
"Release the hell hounds!"
"Me  when my balls are stuck to side of my leg on a hot day. [FIXED]"
"10 pints for Gryffindor"
"Could somebody explain me what the hell is happening?"
"the best way to wake someone up"
"If you put Katy Perry's face on Paula Deen's head  it's still Paula Deen."
"This is what I see."
"New downvote gif  (x-post from r/pics)"
"Guess Who"
"1990 - 2011  I see a shift"
"So true.."
"Who wants milk?"
"Not sure if a repost  but it's rather touching."
"Googled &quot;Nick Cage as a Baby&quot; Was not disappointed."
"I have never been more disturbed by old nick"
"I googled nick cage  and was not disappointed.."
"When a hot girl is talking and I have no idea what she's talking about."
"HIFW someone drops the soap"
"Taking a Break.."
"Monkey see  monkey do."
"I wasn't mad until i noticed the bedazzled side burn."
"Africa can be an interesting place."
"Alan Moore is a man of many hats..."
"cowafuckingbunga"
"Beware of meeting IRL."
"Repost? Who gives a shit  everyone has the right to know."
"Come on Kitty  do something for the camera!"
"Cat Dance's"
"TIGER UPPERCUT"
"How I feel about midterms this week at highschool"
"I'm that type of girl"
"Waffle!"
"I love waffles..."
"That exhaust.."
"Good luck in your continued endeavors"
"drink your water."
"Welcome to the internets. Be safe  and enjoy your stay."
"Googled a local soccer team  turned out better than expected."
"Reddit in one simple picture..."
"So i searched this is reddit on google... Number 3 result"
"Have you ever wondered what a cat would look like flying through space on a giant strip of bacon?"
"The Whole Of The Internet Condensed Into One Image ."
"Googled &quot;space&quot; was not disappointed."
"Enclosed: Neil deGrasse Tyson to those who don't feel NASA deserves its funding"
"&quot;Hey Neil! Reddit is for LOSERS!&quot;"
"How to avoid a speeding ticket"
"Saw this on my news feed... thought I should share."
"Every single day I have off"
"Weekends in a nutshell"
"Looks like Elmo tickled the wrong person"
"No Elmo you can't tickle hobos on the subway."
"Wont let me post without a title"
"When I switch between threads without noticing and read the comments"
"Bunnies ...in sweaters."
"I want this. Now."
"My cousin was tagged in this..."
"when someone takes credit for something I did"
"I DONT KNOW WHAT TO PUT AS A TITLE"
"Ruined Childhood...."
"Those pins really do put up quite the fight."
"Downvoting something on the frontpage as opposed to downvoting something on New"
"BREAKING NEWS IN PHOENIX"
"I've noticed that to get to the front page  you need a bikini! [FIXED]"
"Chubby Asian kid gets his martial arts on."
"What the hell?!"
"4chan on M&amp;Ms"
"How I feel after I finish masturbating"
"Sad cat is sad."
"It's all so pointless"
"Can't beat tha-- Wait  what?"
"What Chris Brown and Drake looked like when they fought"
"Red Vs. Blue first couple episodes"
"when adderall wears off"
"when I get off reddit"
"Last day of my job tomorrow. How I see myself all day."
"How I Feel About My Boss Being Gone Through Monday"
"How I felt when Jerry Reese said in his AMA that Toaster from &quot;The Brave Little Toaster&quot; is actually a girl."
"How I feel when someone moves out of MY way in the hall."
"Every time I get downvoted..."
"Downvoting a comment with one point"
"BOO YEAH"
"After I beat my little brother in Video games"
"How I imagine the rest of the world views the USA"
"Mary Kate Olsen and her 42 year old &quot;boyfriend&quot; Olivier Sarkozy (half brother of Nicolas Sarkozy and co-head and managing director of the Carlyle Group's Global Financial Services Group)"
"Hoping Terra Nova turns out like this."
"To commemorate Obama's Iama  here's him skating through the summit."
"TSA is not amused."
"Thirsty?"
"How does he stop?"
"Keep on truckin'!"
"Sorry  no room"
"OP'S PLAN"
"Just another day in physics..."
"Butts make the best pillows. Life is good."
"How giraffes sleep"
"Silly superman!"
"This is quite possibly the most elaborate comic I have ever laid my eyes on"
"nyan cat auditions"
"A real nigga haiku"
"dare u 2 ring this door bell"
"How to keep people away...deer butt doorbell."
"Surreal reflections in Iceland"
"What every crime spree in GTA feels like."
"This must be how all the good looking women in my office feel when they walk by my male co-workers and I."
"The moment after a test when you realize you just most likely failed"
"skateboarding turbulence"
"Just  Fuck."
"Please compliment the cook for me."
"So  how did it go at the gym today...."
"I don't know."
"FEEL THE BURN!"
"How to piss off your nerdy friends"
"How to piss off your nerdy friends"
"Nana has had enough to drink tonight"
"Now this looks like a party."
"Upvoting something with a 1000 upvotes"
"The biggest fear of having a daughter [FIXED]"
"This image is quite appropriate  since it's actually how I feel when Reddit's not working while I'm in my break."
"So  My Dog Likes Upvotes"
"Alf Likes Reddits Obsession With Cats"
"Why reddit hates Bush."
"So I searched &quot;kittens&quot; on google and found this."
"Old Man Sassy"
"Never thought I would find this quote fitting so well into real life."
"How I feel when I hear my conservative friends talking about politics."
"My reaction when one of my students today told me it must be difficult for non-Christians to make art  because they don't know what true beauty is...."
"Something we all notice sooner or later."
"I ask myself this question everyday...."
"Reddit cliches anybody?"
"After not being on Reddit for a week"
"How I feel browsing F7U12"
"Something I've noticed."
"Honestly where is it?"
"I can't be the only one"
"How someone with a peanut allergy feels on F7U12"
"Nailed it?"
"Half the analemma curve - port city of Baku  Azerbaijan"
"What my first experience of /r/spacedicks looked like"
"How I feel as an Atheist in America..."
"Just saw this one on facebook.....What?"
"This caught me by surprise"
"4chan in 4panels"
"You wish you were this hardcore."
"When I'm crossing the street and someone honks at me to hurry up"
"how i feel after pushing over my little brother"
"Can someone tell me what this is from and what is going on?"
"My ear broke D:"
"Brownie Husband"
"Everytime I see someone bitching about repost"
"Hammer Time"
"In which Christopher Robin leads an expedition to Alderaan."
"Star Wars meets Winnie the Pooh"
"Will Smith vs Jedi"
"Blastoise used Circus Galop!"
"The hedgehog is not amused..."
"Sonic the Hedge Peurco"
"Water tension"
"Water Tension. [xpost from r/waterporn]"
"Another shitty dictatorship."
"Rocket to Uranus"
"Meanwhile  in North Korea..."
"Rocket to Uranus"
"Nailed it. [Fixed]"
"My reaction when my plans for Friday fall through"
"Winter is coming."
"Snow Cat"
"*Insert clever pun here*"
"The Spicy Keychain"
"The Ol' Spicy Keychain"
"Pokemon Confusion Logic"
"How I feel just after graduating."
"wat"
"Any time there's a pop quiz in a morning class"
"Gotta catch Bush..."
"Classic G. Bush"
"A girl at my university puts tiny hats on squirrels."
"A girl at my university puts tiny hats on squirrels."
"Come Home to See My Girlfriend Watching Grey's Anatomy..."
"I was hitting on a girl at a party when she told me she was 16"
"When a girl casually talks about her period with me ..."
"This was my face when I realized it was my cake day!"
"Accidental optical illusion."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Oh hi!"
"You are disgusting. (x-post from r/WTF)"
"30 years of music"
"Fair warning....this is one of the most disturbing clown pictures I've ever seen."
"Educational graffiti"
"this dude has a point..."
"What Wonder Woman taught Makayla Maroney."
"Rubix cube rage"
"milk rage"
"OK"
"when u want something...this happens"
"Like father like son"
"groupwork and cooperation at it's best."
"That's exactly what I thought"
"A friend of mine just posted this to his facebook with the caption: &quot;Someone stole my idea for a porno.&quot;"
"What should the new movie be about?"
"When I'm late because I had to get high first..."
"My mom asks why I'm suddenly drinking a litre of mango juice every night"
"How do I ever get anything done? Oh  wait.."
"Every anti-Marijuana ad"
"What Reddit has been all day."
"There's a difference?"
"Over 70%"
"We Are Stronger!"
"What would you be?"
"Training for the Olympics - Jumping ass - Imgur"
"How I feel trying to cheer up a sad friend"
"When I get an upvote..."
"$5 American bill == Homeboy Abe Lincoln"
"Lightning over the water"
"Lattice Structure Cocoon - Unknown Species"
"Strange Cocoon"
"Just some WTF creatures of the deep"
"Pink Floyd's Jewish Manager"
"Well  that didn't work..."
"Corgi Collision!"
"woman gone wild[sfw]"
"Honey  could you take a look at this?"
"Played Guess Who with my friend Samuel the other day."
"Sandy got your hair Mr Trump?"
"Every time I get an upvote"
"How I feel having two sisters and a mother converging on that time of the month."
"Tumblr in a nutshell.."
"What my family Christmas is like now that my brothers are married"
"So now you like elephants huh? You never liked my elephants..."
"How I felt deleting my old account and starting over after my ex found my GW posts...."
"How I feel when a girl I like flakes on me"
"When I realize I have no money and pay day is next week."
"How I feel when I find something funny to post on Reddit  but it's already been posted"
"how I feel when trying to post a funny .GIF but its been posted before"
"Whenever I hit rush hour on a friday"
"So Brave"
"&quot;Spread Irony&quot;"
"Lamborghini Mercy"
"How is this sexy?"
"Well...that escalated quickly"
"Meanwhile  in the Ukraine..."
"On my way to school  I noticed the Parent of the Year."
"Top notch parenting skills..."
"DUCKFACE (worst case I've seen!)"
"ESPN College GameDay Photobomb"
"Halo 3 - Mongoose Backflip No Scope Headshot"
"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day. Yup that's my dog."
"Teamwork  panda style!"
"sometimes you need a little help"
"Panda helping his friend up a tree."
"Together till the end"
"When you're home alone and you can do whatever the fuck you want."
"My mom sent me this picture in an email. I found it very amusing"
"Niece was sick all last night. Didn't vomit all day...then her mother breast fed her."
"Swag Surfin"
"Getting out of the shower after several days of greasy hair"
"You know who fucks real good..."
"Just a little something my girlfriend is working on"
"Sheldon's Shirt For This Weeks Episode. Thoughts?"
"Bad Parenting Level: OVER 9000"
"What is this i don't even..."
"Fuck the police huh?"
"So Dr. Claw  We heard you like claws. So we Invented a Claw machine you can catch claws and....(well you know the rest)"
"really weird shit i found on 4chan. can somebody please explain???? (NSFL)"
"The Good Life"
"My reaction after my friend told me that his girlfriend has been pregnant for 8 months without knowing"
"My reaction after my friend told me that his girlfriend has been pregnant for 8 months without knowing"
"Not to be a debbie downer but when did r/wtf turn in to r/borderlinespacedicks?"
"Putting their heads together"
"MEOWTH QUICK ATTACK!!!!!!"
"Old photo but I know Reddit likes cats and Freddie Mercury so..."
"A speeding bullet"
"Meth?"
"The scale of the moon"
"Elvis Bacon"
"Elvis Bacon"
"mugged"
"The Canonization of Bill Murray (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"I recently got a lot of new Wii games. They didn't have cases so I made my own &quot;custom&quot; cases."
"Best fish photo on the internet."
"Omnomnom"
"why do I get the feeling this was done in a restaurant's kitchen somewhere?"
"I dont even..."
"Hey Mom  what's for dinner?"
"You may not understand."
"My thoughts exactly"
"Maybe that's where my weekend went!"
"Does laughing make me a bad person?"
"I can't even begin to describe the joy that this comic brings me."
"What I thought of after watching the new Black Ops 2 trailer."
"Beating a yellow light"
"Fuck logic  best special effects ever."
"Weird?: &quot;They tell me there are people who are normal  but I don't know what they look like...&quot;"
"Mila Kunis named Esquire’s sexiest woman alive"
"Major record labels + Dr. Evil ="
"Ninja Goats"
"Sometimes  i just need to laugh a tit. Euh  no  a bit!!!"
"When a girl follows MY request on GW"
"Jim Carrey as Carl Sagan in epic science-flavored biopic. Reddit  make it so."
"Another view"
"Oh god what have I done!"
"Does he?"
"Whenever I post on reddit -fixed"
"He will always wait for Bart"
"Your girlfriend can't be this cute."
"How I feel every time I see a comic that almost happened to me."
"YSK How to get yourself to study."
"I am a mini puppy"
"I didn't know this level of cuteness was possible"
"Ready for sailing."
"They tried to make me go"
"My housemate taking her boyfriend to see the new Twilight movie."
"A Fine Balance - saw this off my fb feed"
"Monorail cat. Ballsy a fuck."
"Monorail cat tries something new."
"Who should I vote for?"
"One of the many plot holes..."
"Galumphing along"
"Big bootie bitches dance"
"Just a really happy dog"
"What's a picture you can look at and always smile? Here's one:"
"First time on Chatroulette."
"Map designed to be offensive to everyone on the planet"
"Map designed to be offensive to every person on the planet"
"My first thought when I heard about the Twinkie thing."
"When someone doesn't start their link title with &quot;When&quot; in analogygifs"
"I love counterprotests."
"Fuck this guy"
"How I feel when I get down voted."
"my reaction to links my friends send me from spacedicks"
"Winning an argument on the internet"
"Don't fuck with Chuck Norris"
"The truth behind Tetris..."
"So THAT'S where babies come from!"
"An Indian Skipper Frog"
"So then I said...."
"How I feel about [FIXED] posts"
"Iron Man and Silver Surfer [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"I give you the most American/Canadian/Australian picture ever..."
"How Sweden thinks about the fucks England gave to the American viewing Canada..."
"A little trippy if you ask me"
"A little bit suspicious..."
"The best thing about hospital placements. Everyone uses handgel and ends up like..."
"Reddit Queen's Robe"
"WTF adventure time?!?! (x-post r/gifs)"
"How I feel watching my cake day post get zero upvotes..."
"One of the saddest pokemon comics I've seen"
"saddest picture on the internet [fixed]"
"Ready or not..."
"How i look trying to make a meme with out Photoshop"
"Stuck Baby"
"Well I know what I'm being for Halloween...."
"A new breakthrough in stem cell research"
"Awesome 3D tattoo"
"How to make friends on Chatroulette:"
"Meanwhile  at your local Apple store..."
"I need a hero!"
"First thing I did with the new ERMAHGERD generator. I made myself laugh way too hard."
"That explains it!"
"What if your entire room...was a bed."
"What kind of job can I get with my psychology degree?"
"A job is a job"
"Hipster cat"
"Hipster cat"
"My face when I suspect that someone has found my porn collection."
"Repost  but absolutely hilarious!"
"The Milky Way So Bright It Casts Shadows"
"DIABEETUS"
"A great way to get type 2!"
"Dying."
"As requested  here is your massive downvote GIF. to go with the upvote gif I used earlier to whore Karma. Use it with pride!!!"
"Best Picture from Libya Award goes to..."
"If you look closer  this is still wtf [NSFW]"
"102372321xError"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Saving bad luck Bryan."
"Hyperdontia- having extra teeth"
"This gif"
"Going down on a chick - Viewpoint from the average gay man..."
"EAT THE FUCKING TACO ALREADY"
"Introspective taco."
"So beautiful..."
"wot r u...."
"When ever I go on to 4chan"
"This is how I feel most people look at us."
"/r/spacedicks"
"Teenage girl in bikini eating vomit &amp; feces after a dog was brutally tortured with a chainsaw"
"Me reading r/ImGoingToHellForThis lately"
"Kitten being crushed by bowling ball."
"Monkey gives a prostitute anal with a strap on. (Nsfw)"
"A message for the Internet."
"Lip Halo"
"Chun-Li (x-post from r/cutekids)"
"How every American feels around July 4th."
"i love this villages name"
"picture of a 747 carrying the Space Shuttle Endeavour taken from the passenger window of a C9 Pathfinder"
"Saw this on facebook"
"Casual Fridays in Sri Lanka"
"Casual Fridays in Sri Lanka"
"Casual Fridays in Sri Lanka"
"His chokehold was so manly he instantly grew a moustache."
"Missing Stapler"
"I miss him too."
"I'm not sure what I'm seeing here..."
"When I hear my roommate getting spanked during sex with her boyfriend..."
"Appropriate for Halloween"
"Get me the bat-umbrella!"
"We don't take kindly to no Pepsi"
"I was browsing the Internet for safety tips and this came up..."
"My name is DoubleAustin and Welcome to Jackass"
"I love the expression."
"Childhood: Ruined"
"This gif has proved invaluable  particularly on facebook..."
"I was told you guys might enjoy this. (cross post from /r/funny)"
"Sounds about right for this."
"Every day i'm dumblin!"
"Does this count as animal cruelty?"
"SHIT IT MOVED SHIT SHIT SHIT"
"Plastic alligator on a leash chasing dog."
"What you wake up to vs. what you went home with.(x-post from r/pics)"
"Whenever I read the &quot;sexy&quot; comments on r/gonewild"
"&quot;Normal&quot; Die Antwoord"
"Face Swap Level: WTF"
"Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne circa 1987"
"Garf-Eel"
"T-Rex High Heels"
"Back to School"
"How I think it is when acid kicks in"
"Whenever I put my pants back on after laying down some timber in a public restroom  and I feel a wet spot on my underwear..."
"awwwwwww........yeeeeeeahhhhhh!"
"Jason Segel explains what the muppets are like off camera."
"ummmm.... Lindsay?"
"The Hokey Pokey  written in the style of William Shakespeare"
"A little diddy"
"Grammar School"
"Wise words from a wise man"
"4chan v the internet"
"Reddit  Digg  4chan..."
"Spot the 4chan user."
"Party Boy's less attractive  more annoying female relative."
"WAIT! its dangerous out there"
"Wombo Combo!!!!"
"VICTORY!"
"VICTORY!"
"Odds: 1:100 000 000 000 000 000 000. Challenge Accepted"
"The best repost ever"
"I see your grandma ready to party  and I raise you my grandma partying harder"
"What movie is this .gif from?"
"My reaction when someone tells me the universe is fine-tuned."
"Every time I see a repost that still makes me laugh"
"Billboard win"
"The Circle of Life"
"The most brilliant image I've ever seen."
"Alcohol Superhero"
"Apologies if this is a re-post  but BATCAT is a boss..."
"Mr.Piglet   why u so cute?"
"I heard Reddit loves bacon and baby animals."
"I heard Reddit loves bacon and baby animals."
"Love at first sight."
"Shut the Fuck up"
"hurricane sandy and my kick ass Halloween costume"
"With some butter and lemon after it crawls in your room?( if you can find bigger ones please send!)"
"My ex job emailed me. Saying I am required to respond to confirm receipt of email. Well..."
"A Baby Owl (Owlet)"
"Your mother should have warned you about that too"
"&quot;My mother warned me about getting into cars...&quot;"
"I see your cats  dogs  and other animals and raise you a baby tortoise!"
"I'll only be as happy as he is once i reach the front page"
"The Birthday Skeleton"
"Oh god. This made me laugh so hard I almost passed out."
"Ballroom dancing at the 30+ bar I work at... after happy hour"
"Strawbs"
"P. diddy vs $1401"
"Coke Spider"
"Do want."
"Do want! (x-post /r/pics)"
"Winnie the Pooh"
"don't look up.. don't look up... *looks up*"
"I wonder what the one on the left is seeing."
"What are they seeing?"
"Not exactly what I would call cheer leading"
"My childhood has gone up in flames. RIP Big Tex from the State Fair of Texas."
"Goodbye Big Tex"
"Fire destroys State Fair of Texas icon Big Tex"
"Burning Man just keeps getting weirder"
"I... I don't even know what to call this."
"I........I have no words........"
"Where can i get one?"
"thank you old man"
"LaGuardia Marina"
"You will need a boat today if you are planning to leave from LaGuardia Airport"
"LaGuardia Airport this morning."
"Checking the front page the day after after subscribing to a bunch of new subreddits"
"Just like Rocky"
"it ain't gonna suck itself"
"My friend recently starting dating this girl and they made it &quot;Facebook official.&quot; My other friend commented on the status with this:"
"Upvote building"
"Look closely..."
"When you see it..."
"Marlon Brando"
"Squid  you are drunk"
"Well that was a mistake"
"Who said there was no &quot;i&quot; in team?"
"TWERK"
"In a nutshell: Why I watch Adult Swim (Loiter Squad)"
"The Original Photobomb"
"just a wee kitty kneading dough"
"Ghetto Gandalf"
"Just listened to this for a couple hours.."
"I do hate when this happens.."
"Oh god  I hate when this happens"
"Guys  I've found a redditor on tumblr."
"Quick! Grab my hand!"
"How I feel getting off of work on Fridays"
"Sliding Dogs"
"Bro what are you doing?!? I wanna try..oh shitfuckgoddamnit"
"Holy Trinity of Science Awesome! 3 heroes in one place."
"Flying Dildo's?"
"Too soon?"
"Is my tongue purple?"
"It'd be a crime not to share."
"Indestructible"
"MEIN FUR"
"Catler"
"Think of the puzzle box as the bible and the pieces as science"
"I searched &quot;Reddit Front Page&quot;  my favorite faceswap appeared."
"My favorite face-swap"
"Favorite face swap of all time."
"Saw this posted on FB. Anyone have the real statistics? These seem ridiculous"
"&quot;Stop handguns before they stop you.&quot;"
"After watching a man jump 120 000 ft"
"Forced Panda Slide!"
"I've never liked the word moist  this is a strong argument as to why."
"Mimosa Pale  an artist from Finland  invites her fellow citizens to climb into her vagina-themed bike taxi."
"What it's like trying to get karma without tits (sfw)"
"Platypus in a hurry."
"I felt like this needed to happen. Thug Platypus."
"When people link an unrelated pic so it's not a self post and they get karma."
"This is a test. Please do not upvote."
"Precision Riding"
"Precision Riding [gif]"
"Door + Explosion = Flying Door"
"From Morrissey's facebook page - Totally reddit worthy."
"Prof Morrissey likes pussy."
"Morrissey as a redditor"
"The solution to all your problems"
"Alone in the Dark"
"Catwoman makes me jizz in my pants"
"After watching the first 45 minutes of the debate  I only wish I could vote for this man."
"Don't you hate when this happens"
"Boop"
"I think Stephen likes his Reddit mug."
"Animated Animals"
"Great album cover  or greatest album cover?"
"Just a baby octopus wishing you a fine day."
"Baby Octopus"
"The main pier in Seaside New Jersey. (Jersey Shore)"
"Nice E-Reader!"
"Keep it real"
"That's fucked up"
"When the title says &quot;My friend said Reddit might enjoy this  so this is my first post&quot;"
"When my friend tells me he had 20 shots of Tequila last night and stayed sober"
"My reaction to all those Good Girl Gina AdviceAnimals"
"German kid riding a cow [x-post from r/germany]"
"Hey you  ya you.. come over here  I wanna show you something.."
"how i feel when someone dumb drags me into an argument"
"You Gotta Be Firm With Chicks"
"Dog rapist."
"Rapedog"
"Push it to the limit."
"People in vehicle? Check. Bobbing heads in unison? Check."
"how my friend feels when he upvotes"
"This will make your eyes bleed"
"Someone posted this outside one of the labs at Georgia Tech"
"Someone posted this outside one of the labs at Georgia Tech"
"Dancing in the Rain"
"Can't. Stop. Looking."
"with the language through lip"
"&quot;What's the worst gift you've ever received?&quot;"
"Swipe!"
"Action Movie Kitty"
"This cat has some insane hops"
"A redditor just knocked on my door  upon opening..."
"Yo dawg"
"I went on 9gag to see what all the fuss was about..."
"Gettin' real tired of your shit  nancy."
"eating Ramen noodle like the man"
"Sweet Dreams Reddit"
"The infalliable truth"
"What is this  I don't even.... What? I've read this 15 times  and I still don't understand..."
"I agree."
"&quot;And then everyone's minds were blown. Like  there was some serious mind blowing going on there. Ears were bleeding.&quot;"
"Bitch  I'm a bus"
"Driving home when you have to poop really bad"
"I ... what the fuck?"
"Thats enough internet for today."
"Predator + monkey = this."
"I used to think monkeys were adorable..."
"Baby Predator?"
"So that's why HL3 is taking so long! (x-post from r/trees)"
"Found this in the library today..."
"Oppa Ganglamb Style"
"amazing building!"
"Dat ass..."
"So I found your mom..."
"So this is my home town right now"
"Barbie cake"
"Not sure if..."
"Hold up - that bitch got sprinkles??"
"How I imagine it feels like to reach the front page."
"Oh  Marissa!"
"Uh-oh... LaQuisha had a tumble"
"I'm from New York and the Giants just won. I'm not a football fan"
"Obama-chan"
"If there was such a thing as anti-karma  this would make a whole lot of it"
"If this ever happens... Kill me."
"Comrade Mario"
"Salsa dog"
"I wish I could dance as well as him"
"Puppy likes Kpop"
"This just seems to fit."
"Surprise!!"
"How to get money from rich people."
"I will find you"
"Every fucking time I get in first...."
"Like if you enjoy muffins"
"Tunnel of Love  Ukraine"
"Seems Unnecessarily Archaic"
"Nuclear Power"
"Wait  what? He didn't get any love in r/pics?"
"My favourite .gif"
"Most of the stories on f7u12...[x-post from gifs]"
"When my bed eats the remote control"
"My unique Reddit cat."
"Get well soon!"
"How I feel trying to cheer up my friend after his girlfriend dumped him..."
"When my friends are high but I can't smoke."
"Fuck bug spray."
"I find this level of irony too high for me to comprehend"
"Oh ray"
"I'd like to see that done..."
"TIL I'm ancient"
"From Louis C. K.'s Twitter Feed. I love this guy."
"Is this accurate?"
"Good news  everyone!"
"Oh Romney..."
"Good Guy CM Punk"
"Zach Braff knows how to keep redditors happy"
"How surprise party's feel for Lindsay Lohan"
"So I this was just on my Facebook news feed..."
"Wrong time to be called Woody"
"Mitt Romney vs. Mr. Burns. Whose quote is whose?"
"Mario Gives no Fucks"
"How I feel living with three sisters with synchronized cycles"
"Oldie  but it gets me everytime."
"Suicide Level: 99"
"My Greatest Fear as a child"
"Martian Sunset"
"In my school  this was installed on every PC."
"How is this done?"
"It's my dot!"
"ill save you fellow kitteh"
"Sniper! I'll save you!"
"Stark &amp; Recreation"
"Boop"
"If you park like this fuck you!"
"10 Canine Commandments - if you love dogs  you'll love this."
"my precious"
"Oh Sonic....."
"Would You Like To Ride..."
"When I have to downvote a majority of the submissions here because they don't understand /r/shittyreactiongifs"
"Naysayers"
"How I feel after listening to two boys in my physics class talk about how much they hate reddit."
"But... otters... supposed to be... cute..."
"Otter doesn't like watermelon"
"The DUMBEST parents around!"
"Life."
"John Pike wishes you a happy birthday"
"hehehehe... OH FUCK!!"
"My god. Can anyone tell me where this is?"
"...trying to get a summer job"
"This is how i feel when someone tells me to get a job."
"To all posts containing the phrases &quot;Am I doing it right?&quot; and &quot;nailed it&quot; and all your fucking puns:"
"A very old tree grove."
"Oh knock-offs.."
"How fast do you think my friend will sell this POS car with this amazing ad?"
"I'd say this about sums it up"
"Browser Wars"
"Salsa Dog"
"Kitten vs. Ninjas"
"don't mess with me!"
"I'll just leave this right here."
"Amazing picture of a Baseball game"
"Actually not so &quot;funny&quot;."
"One of my favorite gifs"
"It was awful..."
"I had fun once"
"Haters gonna  ooohh shit."
"Ice swan  baby!"
"As requested  laser turtle."
"Hello Goodbye Moon"
"No Longer Funny in 3... 2..."
"Oh God"
"A stroll in the park"
"found this great picture on facebook"
"jim lahey"
"Mean Girls Working The Fryers."
"Wendy's SonNnNnNnN"
"That moment I realized all of my friends are super conservative"
"MFW i come home from work and discover reddit was down"
"D'awwww! Cutest thing ever!"
"Cute cat having a little fawn..."
"OH GOD WHY"
"Totaljerkface.com was down  this was the error"
"God v. Spiderman"
"This is how me and my SO dance together when we are home alone."
"SAXOPHONES ARE FUNKAY"
"Calves can be cute too."
"A cute wee highland coo."
"How I felt discovering the kitchen in my residence hall."
"Meanwhile  in South Dakota..."
"Well  that's one way to transport your goods.."
"Cattle hauler"
"Dubai  UAE"
"Dubai... just wow"
"The greeks invented anal lube. [SFW]"
"How'd he get a D-?"
"Airplane view of rain"
"Rain"
"What the hell....I can't even think of the words to make a reaction."
"I fixed the original by ruining it"
"...With less servants."
"How I act whenever a harsh remark occurs"
"That view. That moment."
"Felix Baumgartner's jump"
"Free Falling"
"Felix and 'that' moment."
"Felix's jump. WOW."
"Felix Baumgartners Jump"
"WHAT THE HELL IS THIS....WHAT IS A FROND"
"Like a boss."
"Mindfuck level: infinite"
"2 guys being complete tits!"
"Good thing I wasn't planning on sleeping...ever again..."
"bad move universe  bad move."
"In the beginning"
"Can't argue with that logic... [Fb]"
"Pikachu on steroids"
"Thought this belonged here  from r/pokemon"
"Damn bird."
"Anyone know this guy or where this photo came from?"
"Reddit we need to find this bastard. Stop him before he kills this or some other animals."
"The Holy Grail of gifts from grandma!"
"everytime i see a couple argue."
"Colbert likes the british cinemas"
"You do what to get back at your mom?"
"Baby harp seal"
"Every damn time"
"Seen in Hoboken  NJ"
"Jersey Cares with Shares"
"Story of my life."
"bizzaro adam  ders and uncle blazer"
"The problems of our generation."
"Best friends in school photos"
"Blasphemy"
"Blasphemy"
"What the...?"
"A Viking Samurai?"
"How I feel every time I turn on the radio"
"WAIT!"
"Good idea. [pic]"
"A man holds up his gigantic Tibetan Mastiff during a dog show in Shenyang  China"
"Takes some studying"
"Still undoubtedly my favorite picture on the internet."
"Big Bird didn't forget"
"Wind owns wind surfer"
"I believe I can fly"
"Mitt Romney wears mom jeans"
"Oh inappropriate Legos !"
"Welp  find a gem on Facebook finally..."
"My sister just found this on a car that parked too close to the wrong person."
"You know you did it right when you get one of these on your car"
"I dare you"
"Grumpy Cat howl at the moon"
"The Grumpiest Moon"
"The Grumpiest Moon"
"That's the last time I play imgur roulette"
"One Bad-Ass Koala"
"SO EPIC"
"The long shadow of Mt. Rainier"
"Mother of all shadows."
"How I feel when an identical post I had gets a shitload of upvotes"
"Damn Motha Earf  you craaazzzzy!"
"Just some lightening and clouds"
"Hong Kong Skyline at Night"
"Hong Kong at Night. [4670 x 2000]"
"Surprised Kitten"
"Om-nom-nom."
"Penis Math"
"did an image search for wtf  what I saw was fitting"
"This made me laugh a lot harder than it should have."
"Chicago  as seen from the shores of Indiana."
"Great photo of the Chicago skyline  taken from a beach in Indiana."
"Cutest Picture I've Seen in my Life..."
"I find this picture of Dali fantastic and perplexing"
"One of the most detailed worlds in video game"
"Martin Luther King going for the corner pocket"
"Orange arrow to the left people..."
"All glory to the Hypnotoad."
"A true Redneck NASCAR Fan!"
"A True Redneck NASCAR fan!"
"StarTrek Proposal {FIXED}: The Inevitable Wheaton Face Swap"
"Crack!?"
"Smooth Recovery"
"Just walk it off  bud."
"What my tombstone will look like."
"The frozen Abiqua Falls  Marion County  Oregon"
"My favorite Colbert gif (disco dance)"
"Damn it copy machine."
"Pooh is my hero."
"How I feel when I get a single upvote on Reddit..."
"Passed all my classes despite being addicted to Reddit."
"When I barely beat someone to a four-way stop"
"1 Month  99 Karma."
"tomorrow my boyfriend gets back from his annual tour. this will be me."
"My wife got &quot;Just Dance 2&quot; for Wii"
"any gif with alison brie"
"How to make every DW fan in an Apple store sad"
"Newest member of our book club."
"Hmm..."
"Worst. How-to-book. Ever."
"Best argument for birth control I have ever seen"
"Makes sense."
"before there was snoop lion  there was..."
"So you wanted to see a shaved bear?"
"Bear without fur = hellbeast"
"Russia's Got Talent"
"WTF Midgets?"
"Greatest Dad"
"Bear attacks man"
"Bear mauls a guy"
"Found this little guy all alone on the internet..."
"The heroes we deserve."
"Honey  I'm home!"
"Browsing reddit after a gap of 5 days"
"Captive wolf challenging the alpha male."
"Chomp"
"Reddit in a Nutshell[Fixed]"
"After browsing r/gonewild too long..."
"The only thing worse than no blue links"
"All flipping day!"
"This has been happening very often lately - Reddit  is there anything that we can do about this?"
"Must Be Finals Time"
"Spam Click Refresh!?!?!"
"Pythagorean Theorem"
"Being an engineering student  this is how I feel towards my Professors and TAs"
"No risks here!"
"MFW I realized the voice of Hoss Delgado is the new Batman (the brave and the bold)"
"when i dodge a red shell in mario kart"
"MFW I go from playing split screen to single player."
"Finally got around to getting RES. I gotta say..."
"I never knew that Sloth from the Goonies had a son..."
"Flow My Tears"
"150+ wallpapers. Enjoy. Other albums in comments."
"truth or dare LOTR style"
"fried chicken?"
"Baby Hippo Om Nom"
"Kite surfing in New Caledonia"
"Me after stuttering while presenting in front of the class"
"&quot;Same size&quot; party"
"Saw a familiar face during Parks and Recreation season 3"
"when my roommates wing-man me and I still strike out"
"Apparently I missed my cake day"
"Hi  I'm Khalid al-Mihdhar."
"In honor of Shark Week.."
"People that make these I swear"
"Study they said"
"Had to be done..."
"Typed Creepiest Man Ever into google and this was the result"
"WTF cat"
"Too deep [SFW]"
"Making the snow"
"The Manwich"
"Very Funny face!!! (2048 x 1365)"
"MIB"
"Everytime I want to be cool."
"I Dream of Sunglasses"
"Damn you manatee"
"It's not just about the game..."
"The photo for Paul Ryan on his wiki page is absurdly high resolution. Who wants to have some fun? I'll start it off with Little Face Paul."
"WWE: Convenience store edition"
"SWIPED"
"Typical Reddit Addict."
"wise words"
"Proof!"
"The 86th street New Yorl City subway station. (The water is actually almost as high as the trains. look at the tunnel in the back ofthe photo)"
"A new species of Nicholas Cage has been discovered."
"This monkey has a penis face"
"Truth or Dare"
"OOOOOOOH"
"Truth or dare?"
"&quot;Please advise.&quot;"
"In response to your Warren Jeff comments  I present: Child wives in Yemen."
"This guy won everything."
"The Ultimate Secret Relationship."
"Saaaa-wing and a miss  Waldo!"
"and the award for classiest banana goes to"
"Crockydiles can be deceiving"
"Boop"
"Friends halloween costume had everyone in tears"
"Friends hilarious ghost costume for halloween (album)"
"&quot;I read something in the paper that really confused me...&quot; Louis C.K. [500x391]"
"Ladies take note: this is what your kids think of your &quot;sexy&quot; facebook pix"
"AWWW YEAHHH FLOWERS!!!"
"Happy Mouse!"
"My brain has so much fuck."
"Hulk Hogan WTF.."
"Shoop da Whoop  a la Jersey Shore"
"HARRRBBBBRRRRRRRGGLLL"
"Still my favorite image on the internet"
"To continue the trend r/WTF has taken"
"Saw this on an add the other day.."
"I wish you all a very good nightmare"
"It's lunch time"
"At least Cthulhu hasn't shown up yet."
"Neptune brining in Sandy"
"Falcon PUNCH!"
"Falcon PUNCH!"
"FALCON!!....oh shit"
"We were 10 miles outside Mos Eisley when the drugs began to take hold."
"Fear and Loathing on Tattooine"
"So that's what is at the end of the rainbow.."
"It may not be a pot of gold  but I'll take it"
"Cleaning his Ferrari"
"So I got bored  and searched up &quot;horsey&quot; on Google Images. This is a picture that popped up."
"Too much awesome for one picture"
"These girls showing off their Halloween costumes on Reddit..."
"Never assume. NEVER. EVER. ASSUME."
"when it cools off enough to leave the basement."
"my favorite gif ever."
"don't feed the pidgeons"
"Keanu Reeves"
"Keanu Reeves"
"What are you supposed to be?"
"&quot;So  what are you going to be for Halloween?&quot;"
"You're a wizard Harry!"
"And now! For my next trick..."
"My cat doesn't like it when we play &quot;magic show&quot;"
"Happy Birthday you Brilliant Man"
"The sequel nobody saw: Paranormal Activity 2pac"
"Turns out the tea party was right. Obama is a socialist. Here's him with Karl Marx"
"I talked to science. They said it's true."
"Stalin approves."
"To the couple that just ordered NINE sandwiches in front of me at Subway after I held the door open for you..."
"Oh god it hurts to even imagine it"
"MLK's final words."
"Saved this for the holiday"
"In honor of Martin Luther King Jr. Day."
"Happy Birthday  MLK."
"Seahorses"
"How I imagine people that comment on a post days later..."
"Soft kitty  warm kitty  little ball of fur"
"Everytime."
"Rosa"
"You're fucking weird Jesus"
"Cyanide and Happiness..."
"I'm sure he'll get the job!"
"I dropped my girlfriend off at her apartment a while ago. She found this note waiting for her and sent me a picture."
"Jus Dwight The Dog"
"Anytime I post something that's a few years old to r/funny  I get shit for it. However  today on the front page  I see that half of the submissions are OLD AS FUCK and doing well. Well FUCK YOU  r/funny! Here's a little something for you all from fucking 1996!"
"FINISH HIM!!"
"When you realise Reddit doesn't notify you of your cake day  and you miss it."
"&quot;What the fuck is he doing?&quot;   &quot;Dude  I have no idea&quot;"
"These two dogs placed a trap"
"Made in class from bloop's collection with some improvising"
"Made from bloop's collection and extras. Enjoy"
"Bernders!"
"Thought this is interesting enough to be on the podcast"
"Shuttle Endeavour Fly-Over of Sacramento  CA."
"Yes  you can see it in her throat."
"What the fuck McDonalds!?"
"So this is now a real thing in Denmark"
"This picture describes vegans/vegetarians succinctly."
"How I feel towards ANYONE I hate"
"One of the best quotes i've ever heard."
"Ricky Gervais nails it"
"I was doing a google search for a Barney Stinson gif  found this instead"
"After finally reaching 1000 Karma!"
"It's Probing Time!"
"This is why I'm still a virgin..."
"Felix  you sir are the man. Red Bull Stratos Jump"
"Emma Watson being spun (xpost from r/Celebs)"
"Perfectly Timed Obama"
"Tunnel snakes rule!"
"The real reason why Spiderman wasn't in The Avengers."
"How I feel tonight"
"Masterbating spider-man"
"College Problem"
"I wish Coke would make this now"
"Gone Fishin"
"SLAM DUNK"
"Do you ever just?"
"How my new puppy responds to being told to behave while I'm at work."
"Taking Care of Business"
"I don't know what to make of these..."
"Dark Magic."
"Now you don't see it  now you do!"
"One way to deliver a baby..."
"Kung Fu Panda?"
"Terminators can dance too  okay?"
"MFW I need to let everyone know it's hammer time."
"Me when people's interest seems to fade and they all drift off to other subreddits."
"I don't like talking anyway"
"Foot modeling"
"I just got this sent to me. Wow is the only word."
"Found While Searching &quot;Lady on a Cell Phone&quot;.."
"I made this shirt   awesome no ?"
"Onward and upward"
"&quot;I'm Pregnant&quot;"
"Reddit: The wrong neighborhood"
"Curiosity"
"Somebody lock this guy up."
"Logging into Reddit just now"
"Whenever there's a fight between idiots at school..."
"When I saw on facebook that my cheating ex-girlfriend got engaged."
"At the top of a Vista  looking down at people trying to jump in the wrong place. GW2"
"When 2 people are about to fight in public"
"Plant whisperer"
"Hardcore."
"I googled &quot;Who is Reddit?&quot; This is what I got..."
"When someone is annoying you."
"Most people look forward to promotions  except this guy. lol"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"cruise control for yolo (x-post r/Iam14andthisisfunny)"
"I don't think this is what the GPS meant when saying head south on Hillsboro Road...."
"So I guess my town should invest more in its roads. (Credit WRAL TV)"
"Romney's kids - just a little mistake"
"A Freudian Slip"
"The Romney family misspells their own name in what might be the greatest Freudian slip in US history."
"Counter-Strike: GO Picard"
"Come on guys  enough with the toes."
"When my roommates say  &quot;Pulling another all nighter tonight.&quot; during finals week."
"What's been going through my mind after browsing on and off all day..."
"First world problem..."
"Almost there!!!"
"One of my favorite crossovers."
"Turbulence."
"Pizza with Mushrooms"
"How I feel when my roommate finally shows me something awesome"
"He wants to save you!"
"whenever somebody says &quot;no pun intended&quot;"
"Whenever a theist says that god exists."
"Hide &amp; seek bear"
"Reddit has a lot in common with nature."
"Seriously people  you all need to stop Karma Whoring...."
"So my mom likes to dress up my dog while in gone. Today I come home to this."
"Its my cake day  so I present to you this...."
"[HIFW] My grandma saying god guided evolution"
"Don't feed your dog! Give him swag."
"hah  dumbass"
"IE would have googly eyes."
"Abort!"
"Me whenever my mom made breakfast for dinner"
"How do you fuck that up?"
"How I feel after discovering there is a rat in my house."
"#YOLO"
"Why Spongebob is an amazing show."
"Cute kitten enjoying what cute kittens enjoy most."
"I googled &quot;Cats&quot; expecting something cute.... This was the VE RY FIRST image."
"Laziness level: Disney"
"Wtf Chernobyl..."
"Ain't no puppy like a Chernobyl puppy"
"Every time I open a pack of gum around my friends."
"The night after I finish all my exams."
"Party Hard vs. Bad Reputation GIF"
"I'm almost sure this a repost but goddamned its funny"
"bath salts"
"HIFW my parents leave me alone at home."
"This is me on friday nights... #ForeverAlone"
"Lets party like its 1999!"
"Nope. No. No. No. No. No. No. No."
"Attack of the Australian NOPE"
"I wish to be this happy some day"
"My life is complete"
"Zombie Pikachu"
"See you later!"
"Felix Baumgartner's jump from 24 miles above Earth"
"Some awesome pictures of Obama"
"When Dr. Dad watches Dr. House...."
"The defender of the bedroom"
"I don't care if YOU smoke  but really.."
"&quot;WTF&quot; is all I can say."
"This kid is a Champ"
"This showed up on my friend's Facebook feed. What the everloving fuck?"
"Ever been stuck in the Alphabet game while driving?"
"Almost there..."
"om nom nom"
"Reddit Material"
"Sharing"
"Deal with it"
"Whenever my wife complains about me wanting to grow a beard again"
"Congress on the Constitution..."
"When a post is TL;DR"
"Words of wisdom  as seen on my FaceBook feed."
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"So....this just came up in my news feed."
"We should get behind this."
"Those shits won't give up will they!!"
"Please Send These People Hell"
"Skill-rex goes thump* thump*"
"My kind of rodeo."
"Shit  Fucking Sandy."
"What the actual fuck"
"&quot;Junior Senior: Move Your Feet&quot; + &quot;Most likely a repost. But a banana getting owned always makes my day.&quot;"
"How I feel when I browse /new"
"TIL that giant salamanders exist."
"CPR Instructions [xpost from /r/wtf]"
"Proper CPR techniques"
"Jackie Chan Vs The Eye of Sauron"
"My reaction when a girl smiles at me."
"This gif gave me strange feelings."
"When I realize someone is staring at me while I am eating.. [FIXED]"
"my reaction after I realized I was eating almonds with the same hand I under the pants ball scratched."
"I thought reddit would like this."
"I was walking through the school library  when suddenly... - Imgur"
"The way fencing should be. . ."
"deal with it."
"Wait  what?"
"4chan"
"Star Fox is down!!!"
"My boyfriend's sense of humor..."
"Mouse full of NOPE"
"How rainbows are made."
"No driver!"
"Car trolling"
"&quot;Huge Inspirational Quote On A Landscape&quot; poster. Don't know where this came from  does anyone? (I tried googling it and came up empty.)"
"Whenever anyone corrects me."
"Kitty wants to play with that big tongue..."
"How it feels trying to get a thread to the front page"
"My attempt at posting."
"How I feel downvoting something on the front page"
"Anyone still waiting for a sequel to this."
"When you realize you've wasted too much time on reddit."
"O M N O M N O M ....om nom nom"
"The Happiest Baby Hippo"
"The pain of uncertainty in what could be a final goodbye."
"Someone is sleepy!"
"Everytime a facebook dialogue on gay rights makes it to the front page. -Not that I disagree"
"Go ahead.."
"I think I laughed to hard when I saw this"
"Get down!"
"One should not trust politics."
"Still a better love story than twilight."
"The only way"
"An unfortunate ride...."
"ronald mcdonald is a mess"
"Ronald McDonald on a bad day"
"I don't think that's a rainbow."
"Looks legit"
"Badger"
"what i imagine the &quot;behind the scenes&quot; actually look like on a porn set"
"My cakeday message regarding your upvote..."
"I told my friend to post something to reddit  and he got a bunch of karma  this is how I feel."
"When all my friends gets upvotes and I dont."
"My thoughts when my wife &quot;teases me&quot; during sexy time."
"After being on 9gag for the first time."
"Melon  left pocket"
"Detention Slip"
"Dat Ass"
"Asiago Plateau  Italy"
"smooth"
"Curious Squirrel"
"Come on Snoop  you got this."
"Dang it  I hate cleaning up crumb [nsfwish]"
"Testing of a Bulletproof Vest  1923"
"Humans"
"Who killed the Queen...?"
"Asian Halloween"
"The time I went to r/spacedicks"
"My dog with all the fireworks outside."
"I miss seeing this at the start of a game"
"Creep me right the fuck out.."
"When I am on r/all and click a r/ladyboners pic"
"Possibly one of the most beautiful pictures ever."
"Reddit elevator"
"nightmares in 3...2...1..."
"This gets me every time."
"Beating your wife"
"dafuq?"
"How most dates go for me."
"Maybe it's because they made such a satisfying pop"
"Just Bear Grylls enjoying a nice meal at 25 000 feet"
"When someone reposts my post and gets more upvotes [FIXED]"
"I laughed a bit too hard at this."
"Supplies?"
"Still Obama and Romney"
"What the hell happened?"
"Don't you want one?"
"When it's time to party we will..."
"And people wonder why he's my favorite."
"ingenuity: the quality of being clever  original  and inventive"
"When my first post got 100 upvotes"
"This will forever be my favorite picture on the internet"
"What Portal game developer watched as a kid."
"Childhood.. Ruined"
"The 'original' portal."
"My Reaction to Half of Girls Facebook Status"
"When people bitch about reposts [reposted]"
"Whoop Whoop Whoop?"
"Mother of God ( X post from r/FoodPorn"
"I think this goes here"
"Its a X-Post from R/WTF  thats all you need to know."
"Battered Warrior"
"The Angora Rabbit. One which I have never seen on Reddit."
"Any thoughts on the adorable Angora Rabbit?"
"Sniping Kittens"
"Boobs or GTFO (SWF) [x-post from r/imgoingtohellforthis]"
"Ramen noodle soup  finally truth in advertising"
"FuckTheSystem.jpg"
"not saying it's an alien  but...alien."
"When my first move into a pool is to fully submerge myself in the deep end..."
"When I fart and some poo comes out.."
"Just now finding out that the olympic Google doodles have been playable games"
"Every time my comments get downvoted past 0"
"Realized this after eating popcorn on my bed"
"Dear atheists."
"The Christains won."
"Just a fence... wait... W T F ..."
"Google image searched &quot;merica gif&quot;  was NOT disappointed..."
"It's like he made himself into a dog burrito!"
"I'm not the man they think I am at home..."
"Eyebrows make a bigger difference than you think"
"How I look when I get off work on Fridays!"
"That explains the loose clothing"
"Brazilian hostage"
"Well  uh  should I tell him?"
"Punk Ass Bitch."
"My reaction to getting an upvote on my first post"
"Growing up..."
"and now I have a heart!"
"Bringing WTF Back To It's Roots?"
"Food Fight"
"An edible coffee cup"
"When my girlfriend says she'll be coming over in an hour"
"Me every time I take shots..."
"Guy Finds Big Snake"
"The First 500 - Mostly TV  Some Movie  Video Game  Etc. [Various Resolutions] (x-post from /r/wallpaperdump)"
"girls fall like dominoes"
"How I feel downvoting a series of nonsensical comments."
"What it must feel like being a worker at Bonaroo"
"My favorite gif on my Cakeday"
"Carpool lane"
"Fat = Skinny"
"My 9 year old brother asked me a question with this same face."
"I want one!"
"What."
"This guy's profile pic really throws me off..."
"Mrs. Liberty meets Sandy."
"Ready? Go go go!!"
"How I imagine it feels to get over a thousand upvotes."
"Typical Michael Scott"
"Toby"
"New Arrested Development cast picture!"
"As a white person  this is how I look when I dance"
"That moment you realize the paper you've been struggling to finish is in 11pt font instead of 12"
"How I feel as a closet atheist at Christian camp."
"From a friend"
"Skating in NYC in the 60's"
"PLEASED TO MEET YOU"
"First day in NYC."
"I wish this was real"
"100% No-Doubt Definitive Baroo"
"Where is Venus?"
"I know correlation doesn't imply causation but... But I think that  in this case  we may be onto something"
"My face every time I see drugs being talked about on Facebook."
"Guy here. I finally decided to check out Pinterest  here's what I thought!"
"I was Christian when I joined reddit. This was my face after spending some time on /r/atheism. [FIXED]"
"Has no one noticed that the guy in the back is mocking him?"
"When you see it... (which you will  it's not hard.)"
"When you see it... (which you will  it's not hard.)"
"The cat's in the bag"
"I Think You're Doing It Wrong.."
"If Apple made bottled water [FIXED]"
"Sad thing is people will buy it"
"Been my desktop background for about a year  always keeps things in perspective [FIXED]"
"68 Years ago today  June 6th  1944."
"68 years ago."
"Kaabooom!"
"Nope."
"Well  his toenail will fall off..."
"Hats off to this politician."
"On-campus rioting; Senior vs. Freshmen."
"Don't leave the conehead hangin! Someone give him a high-5"
"Look at this cone-head."
"I was searching for pictures of parsnips when..."
"Nope  not now."
"Cobra Kai look out!"
"Waking up in the morning when you have Plantar's Fasciitis"
"I got an upvote?!"
"I came here to..."
"How I felt at the first middle school dance"
"Freshman Homecoming..."
"The cheesy humor gets me all the time."
"A gamer you say?"
"Too trippy.."
"Fruit Owl? Dafuq?"
"Fruit Art"
"Pikachu Cat"
"I can't believe its actually real"
"get to the choppa......."
"when I found out a band I've listened to for years played christian rock"
"Saw this on craigslist."
"Who came first..."
"I let my kids think for themselves ... no matter where it may lead."
"The Petals Fall Twice"
"Excerpt From The Petals Fall Twice"
"I really don't understand the appeal of Fifty Shades of Grey (an excerpt)"
"Some of the things you will find on Imgur..."
"ICEBERG!"
"Raving Private Ryan"
"raving private ryan"
"The amount of work it would take to clean this up is mind boggling!"
"The amount of work it would take to clean this up is mind boggling!"
"Gonna have to take a break ..."
"This is just getting ridiculous."
"It's my cake day and I'm not prepared. Here's an asian Prince."
"Grrr hurr durr"
"Kenny  the inbred white tiger"
"Funny Kim Kardashian and Scott Conversation"
"Just an inbred dog"
"Hotdog"
"don't see a lot of baby manatees on r/aww"
"What I feel like doing to people who post shitty memes on facebook"
"Fuck you and Fuck you and Fuck you..."
"How I feel downvoting something to 0"
"Penguin Slap"
"We all have our rituals"
"Why did it have to be snakes!?"
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"Reddiquette"
"This...makes sense..."
"Stereotypes are bad."
"In a world filled with greed and corruption  this December  three men stand up for what's right"
"Wat"
"Just took a bath"
"Any love for derp dog?"
"What takes the WTF cake"
"You dropped this."
"wtf  douchebag"
"How I feel at my girlfriend's house when her parents are home"
"How I feel giving tours in an art museum."
"The best gif in the whole wide world..."
"What it's like weeding through all the new posts on Reddit."
"Super Coat"
"What happens when I start browsing /r/new"
"Boom boom boom....work it  w w work it!"
"Corgi Treadmill!"
"Two Corgis on a Tread Mill."
"It's just too cute."
"I am on the wrong side of this tarp."
"How am I supposed to react to this?"
"That explains it..."
"just a dash of..."
"Just got offered a job using my college degree and I don't have to work retail anymore!"
"Dancing to Dubstep"
"Finally passed 10 000 karma.."
"Palladio kid"
"Im staying inside."
"being unemployed."
"Carry me!"
"Rainbow Tree Bark"
"&quot;stop being tsundere&quot;"
"Dolphin banana with dancing kid?"
"Ta-Daa!"
"Taco"
"Bill Fucking Murray."
"Go ahead  Bill..."
"This kid must have the coolest dad ever"
"I hope this dog goes home and takes a big poop on her owner's carpet for doing this to her"
"The most accurate forecast for hurricane Sandy"
"Kitten Ninjas"
"A step up from hover hand (x-post from r/cringe)"
"Want to have fun?"
"Work level: Moose"
"Great way to punish your kids. The misery on their faces is priceless!"
"Mark Twain in Tesla's lab. Creepy but amazing. [pic]"
"Killing a download page before it starts installing"
"Flight of the cat"
"Exuberant Cat"
"How I felt when I realized it was my Cakeday  without anything to post"
"I'd just like to point out Justin Bieber's shoes so we can all laugh for a little bit."
"Hidden paradise..."
"My response since the &quot;bring r/WTF back to it's roots&quot; movement."
"My face when people say I'm going to hell for not believing in god [FIXED]"
"How I feel trying to eat while browing r/WTF"
"No it's not okay"
"No! Its not Okay!"
"Paper due tomorrow  five pages to write  1AM. At this point:"
"well shit"
"Dragons..."
"What is not to like about this picture?"
"&quot;Sweden&quot;"
"I'm laughing so much it hertz"
"Well  that's enough internet for today."
"It's greener  I guess."
"It's greener  I guess."
"It's greener  I guess."
"Determined"
"I don't want no trouble ya hear"
"Whoa bro... cut that shit out!"
"Its time to stop posting"
"Yes... delightful"
"With all this hype going on  I felt this was appropriate."
"Of course I want to be raped by Satan!"
"boy that escalated quickly"
"Hunter S. Thompson's Daily Routine"
"This dude is a god"
"Just you tube at it again"
"Knocks off one bucket - and there's another one!"
"r/atheism sees a religious facebook post"
"How I feel getting the first upvote on a link that later becomes popular"
"How i feel about Rick Santorum dropping out..."
"it takes about four upvotes for me to give this reaction"
"Wakka wakka"
"Oprah gives one last gift to her audience"
"Post your #1 favourite gif of all time. DOOO ITTTT!"
"in the trap"
"Distraction"
"Playing Tribes in the same room as friends."
"first time!"
"Unintentional? Probably"
"Tell it again?"
"Young Funkadelic Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"This is what I want for Christmas. Forever Alone"
"Can you really be that desperate?"
"Can't stop laughing at this...."
"One ron ton soop?"
"DERIVERY!!"
"I'm going to hell for laughing but I think it was worth it..."
"A rare case of Ablutophobia and Hyperlexia"
"What is metal?"
"So this Corvette rear ended a semi....."
"How I feel when I win an argument on Reddit"
"Warning: Contains Clown [NSFW]"
"So I found this..."
"This is why I hate clowns."
"Damn Ice..."
"Forever Alone Jacket"
"They blocked reddit at work today"
"To eat like Ron Swanson  you must eat Ron Swanson."
"Microscopic crack in steel as photographed by an electron microscope"
"i'm not sure i understand..."
"But can your cat do this?"
"When I Open A Reddit Picture Only To See It's A Repost"
"The most underrated comedy duo on television(FIXED)"
"epic"
"funny pictures of people with statues."
"Ministry of Silly Clocks"
"Turtle slap."
"Nothing... Just sitting here..."
"My friend showed me this over the weekend. Sorry if it has already been posted."
"..didn't know Jesse was on the Price is Right"
"Reddit and Memes"
"Behave Bill...just behave"
"Clinton! Hmmmm!"
"Clinton is at it again...oh  you dog..."
"Bill Clinton at the inauguration. Alright. Alright. Alright."
"Mr. Billy Clinton himself!"
"Good old Bill Clinton eyeing Kelly Clarkson (Credit to BrooklynSpoke for screencap)"
"Bill Clinton photobombs Kelly Clarkson"
"Bill sees something he likes."
"Oh Bill.."
"So I guess the RNC seems to be going well..."
"boop"
"A collection of infomercial gifs. Oh God my sides..."
"If robots start their revolution  this will all be presented as evidence against us."
"If you can be batman  always be batman."
"My girlfriends dog is allergic to grass... these are her special socks"
"Go home..."
"Oh  Grandma."
"Oh grandma..."
"Try again grandma."
"Oh  Grandma..."
"This made lol for far too long.."
"shake that a**"
"I don't... how?"
"In case of an emergency."
"How I play guitar when my cat is in the room."
"I just like this combo better."
"How I felt when I found out the blackout is the 18th and my Cakeday is the 17th..."
"Noooo not President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho too!!! Oh... Okay."
"Pink Fairy Armadillo"
"Now this  ladies and gentlemen is why dogs are the best friend anyone can have."
"spongebob doesn't give one"
"Patience"
"Kamikaze Mission"
"Spongebob is 25."
"Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson knows a good breakfast"
"QWOP gymnastics"
"Gangcat style"
"It just had to be done."
"THE SPICE MUST FLOW"
"I wonder how many times he died before landing this"
"Dog: 1 Owner: 0"
"Oh shit!"
"Don't do it  puny human!"
"Mr Wobba lobba"
"Awkward seating arrangement"
"Final solution to the citrus problem."
"Juuuuice"
"Dragon Falls [1680 x 1050]"
"Dragon Falls"
"Found this on parentfails.com  but that's a win  that's a cuteness win"
"Bagel head"
"Would anyone else like a pair of these?"
"Where can I find this?"
"I must go my people need me!"
"walking out of disneyland"
"How I feel after waking up with a hangover"
"When mom tells me to get off the computer..."
"my sides"
"It's not an addiction  it's a prescription."
"Face-swaped."
"My favorite face swap"
"O.o"
"Interior Gummi! For MLP FIM fans!"
"I just want to sit here and enjoy my mayo..."
"See black &amp; white in color."
"Amazing Black and White Illusion"
"The moon and the"
"This is how I consistently feel like after watching any scary movies... like after Paranormal Activity 4"
"Found this little guy in a trashcan this morning."
"My liver after prom weekend"
"Frank Culbertson  the only American not on Earth on September 11th  2001 took this photo from space."
"This is more funny than it should be. [Fixed]"
"Obama is Epic"
"Breakdown"
"Whack a kitty (x-post from gifs)"
"Oh my holy god I just noticed its my cake day with only 2 hours left so here is a guy faking being a Airforce Senior Master Sergeant."
"Oh my holy god I just noticed its my cake day with only 2 hours left so here is a guy faking being an American Airforce Senior Master Sergeant."
"realizing im single now when hiding my browser history"
"While we're sharing our favorite C&amp;H comics  here's mine."
"Determinism."
"Not Your Typical Kind of Cute"
"Hey Taylor check it out"
"Unfortunate photo of Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.."
"That awkward moment when Arsene Wenger's finger looks like his penis."
"How I hope my gift giving is this christmas."
"This can't be an accident"
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'"
"best oompa loompa cosplay ever?"
"Childhood ruined."
"My reaction when I realize I've posted in the wrong subreddit."
"So my girlfriend told me she requires one of these... anyone know where I can acquire one?"
"Perfectly aligned WTF"
"Whenever someone double dips..."
"The Difference Between Boys and Girls"
"Haters stay hatin'"
"How I feel about computer games nowadays"
"Sorry but this is my hole."
"Truth"
"If I have to open your imgur link in a new tab"
"Every time I glance at the &quot;new&quot; tab..."
"Every time I glance at the &quot;new&quot; tab..."
"Every time I open a &quot;look what I made!&quot; post with step-by-step photos."
"all these gifsoup gifs...."
"Whenever a link in the comments leads to a video instead of a picture"
"Loading gifs on my smartphone"
"when couples post pictures of themselves kissing on Facebook"
"When bitches take too long to reply"
"Waiting for your Uncrustable to fully defrost...."
"How I feel about &quot;Safely removing hardware&quot; from my computer"
"Looking for flash games  seeing flash MMO's"
"Science Advancement or Crime Prevention? You Decide."
"Move  bitch. This is my cake."
"Downvoting someones cake day post."
"Katy Perry WIN."
"I had a few decent posts here  so i got cocky...big mistake"
"Childhood: ruined. [Maybe NSFW]"
"I'd hate to be that pole"
"Fuck this post."
"Kill Me"
"None for you  ass."
