"Cat = Master Troll"
"Cat trolling Cat"
"A mouse that's afraid to swim in ice!"
"I wish it was more socially acceptable for professionals to look like this"
"Fire - Imgur"
"Not on my watch!"
"Lived happily ever after"
"Hillary watches Bill from Timor Leste"
"last one in is a rot...oh shit"
"Bike is doing everything right X-post pics"
"Scientist in Panda suit"
"You will never understand the love between them."
"Wobbledee Bobblezy Do"
"How to get a lady friend"
"SHE LIED."
"They said I could be anything... so I became fishnet wolverine."
"A lady in Subway  in Tennessee."
"Muffins"
"Sick Redditor defiles grave by digging up corpse all for the karma"
"Deadpool pole dancing gif. Try not to get too hypnotized."
"My version of flirting [FIXED]"
"Don't mind me  just sitting here."
"This is why I don't ride public transportation"
"Sexual Chocolate"
"Oh dogs  you so silly. [Album]"
"What did the paw say to the face?"
"When someone links me to a post from r/spacedicks..."
"Dog (Does anyone know the source for this?)"
"Ugh  right in the childhood!"
"Very strict employer is a metalhead"
"My reaction today when I caught my grandpa watching a Brazzers clip."
"How I feel as a 26 year old guy when I got a FB friend request from a 14 year old girl who has a mutual friend"
"Dog attempts to recreate human videos of &quot;a picture a day&quot; for savory canine karma"
"Well  that's one way to die."
"Well that sucks"
"Sorry guys"
"His Dudeness... Duder... or El Duderino."
"How my kids feel when I ask if they need help with their homework."
"Hey  Listen..."
"Ouch"
"When I think I have something interesting to put on Reddit"
"All natural bodybuilder"
"Really Smart Phone."
"Homer Escalator"
"Homer Escalator!"
"Just some baby elephants"
"Nomura  the world's largest jellyfish  next to a scuba diver."
"Mr. Walter White"
"Who needs a cat anyway?"
"Mesmereyes"
"Fukushima - what really happened."
"Are you mocking me?"
"Haters gonna hate."
"This has to be the right subreddit for this"
"How I feel after coming in from a night of drinking"
"Pond in a Glacial Cave - Jostedalsbreen  Norway"
"Derp."
"Still gets me. Ever. Damn. Time."
"I hope this isn't a repost  it's new to me and gave me a mild wtf reaction..."
"OMG HUMAN."
"i dont always take pictures with actors from commercials but when i do..."
"Me at a friend's house"
"Absolutely stunning streetart by the artist MTO"
"Good without God."
"Oh shit! shit! aaaand saved"
"I can't tell if I'm amused or terrified."
"ALEX NO."
"How I feel when guys talk about random boner syndrome"
"What I'm really thinking when debating Gay Marriage..."
"Every time a paranormal story starts with  &quot;I was lying in my bed when&quot;."
"And thus he did"
"Looks like her period just started..."
"What a wonderful transformation"
"land before time"
"If they allowed me in the audience for the Presidential debates..."
"Canadian C.S.I."
"hipster - circa 1940"
"She's a keeper."
"Classic cartoons had some pretty dark jokes"
"Professor got had."
"Only reason I watch Ellen"
"Jabba the ... monkey?"
"For my real life Cake Day I give you Michael Jackson chugging vodka with two midget groupies"
"This actually happened."
"I was just trying to help a stranger out."
"So my friend decided to get some drugs to help him study better"
"Some dogs just pee with more style than others"
"apocalypse?"
"This makes me feel alive"
"Well  that was fun."
"So I saw this on my Facebook feed today...."
"She forgot the safe word"
"X-wing beard"
"There are no words  but I think I love him"
"Is it just me  or is does this look like anything BUT a safe place?"
"Support Alistar when someone touches his carry"
"So close..."
"I think it's official. The Phillies have the awesomest mascot."
"Underground"
"Thought this fitted."
"Seems Legit."
"Chinese Coffee? Seems Legit"
"What does the far future bring? [x-post r/futurology]"
"What's the problem dad"
"Spongebob knows it all"
"I'm just gonna..take a..little..nap.."
"Poor little dog"
"1%"
"Every single one"
"Zoom in google maps"
"Rodent infestation"
"Ah  memories."
"You had one job!"
"The fable of the hippo and the raven"
"Tiny Hippo and tiny Train"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Bath time"
"Today I think I'll Be A Sponge"
"Kids are easy to please"
"Bacon ftw."
"Terror"
"OCD Checklist"
"Well...yeah..."
"where do astronauts hang out"
"Anti-Soviet warrior"
"The Harry Potter Fan Paradox"
"I want to be the very best"
"Pokemon Theme"
"Hilarious old facebook posts found on stumbleupon"
"Working in Style"
"Just lounging around"
"When a repost from /r/gifs makes it to the front page of /r/funny"
"Penn Jillette on God"
"Jesus?..."
"Oh  watermelon."
"Radical Islam..."
"In the face!"
"This music works with everything."
"Standing up for yourself in an argument"
"caught red handed"
"The sun has finally come out in England"
"Disco Bear"
"The sheep has seen enough"
"seriously ppl... half the things on here don't even belong in r/wtf. an xray of someone talking  the russian headquarters and a guy fucking a prostitute do not make you say 'wtf'. when i come to this subreddit i want to be made to audibly say 'wtf'. half this shit belongs in woahdude or r/funny."
"Well at least your face is hidden..."
"How I feel receiving feedback on my comments on Reddit and Imgur - Imgur"
"Tada! Oh shit  RUN!"
"Yep  it's wood"
"Identifying Wood"
"In the hole [xpoxt from r/NSFW_GIF] [NSFW]"
"Let's not forget..."
"What the atheism vs religious debate feels like to me."
"That escalated quicky..."
"Kitten vs Tortoise."
"Kitten vs Turtle  the ultimate battle"
"Not Today  Bitch"
"Why? Why would you even do this to your baby?"
"This is not going to end well..."
"Jack Nicholson getting psyched before 'The Shining' &quot;Here's Johnny!&quot; Scene [GIF]"
"Environmental battle"
"One Wish"
"One wish"
"For helping me with my Geometry homework  I'll grant the both of you ONE WISH."
"This is my kind of Hot Tub"
"&quot;DAE think Apple Sucks &quot; posts on reddit."
"How I feel when I post on AskReddit trying to get some legitimate advice on a subject."
"When the person replying to my comment gets more upvotes than me"
"Awww  Kiss works more then medicine"
"How I feel when my manager goes on vacation..."
"How the rest of the world sees &quot;Bronies&quot;"
"How the rest of the world sees &quot;Bronies&quot;"
"Barney is shuffling everyday"
"I wish I could dance even half as well as either of these guys"
"Pie Chart"
"Just caught this correlation on my facebook feed"
"Don't be racist!"
"Do you take red pill or the blue pill? (Xpost r/vertical)"
"first time browsing r/nsfw"
"dont know what to say in the punchline"
"Where does this come from?! Whats the origin?!"
"Get Smart!"
"And it keeps on going"
"Mezmerizing"
"Halloween is coming"
"Diagnosis."
"4 in the morning? I work 10PM-6AM then start work again 11 hours later after an 8 mile bike ride."
"The Hammer"
"His Hammer..."
"OHMYGODRAVIOLI"
"Probably a repost"
"What the f...no  Who the f...no  ah forget it."
"Went on an African Safari  saw some amazing animals. My best pictures of them [imgur album]"
"I went on an African Safari. I saw the most amazing animals and places and want to share my best pictures of them with you"
"Wut [NSFW]"
"I heard you liked pugs..."
"I think she wants me to remove it from her tongue"
"The biggest whore in gaming history [FIXED]"
"Anybody else tired of these?"
"Panoramic Shot of Martian Landscape by Opportunity before 6 Month Hibernation for Martian Winter [613x212]"
"Panoramic Shot of Martian Landscape by Opportunity before 6 Month Hibernation for Martian Winter [x-post  /r/spaceporn]"
"Dat ass!"
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this"
"Boss is out of town for the rest of the week!"
"Racism at its best"
"Me whenever a hot girl posts bikini pics on facebook."
"ATTACK!"
"The answer is no! .... Aww I can't say no to that face."
"Wut"
"So I Googled &quot;So I Googled&quot;"
"My life."
"My absolute favorite gif! [NSFW]"
"If you're trying to attract people with an ad this is certainly not how to do it..."
"Tell us what you really think..."
"Looked at top links for Gifsound and gangster snuggie wasn't on top."
"How I feel as an atheist when asked to say grace."
"[HIFW] I hold an explosive fart for a full lecture in a class of 200"
"I believe he can fly... Maybe not..."
"Deal with it Opra Style."
"The friend that opens the umbrella behind you so you can be a dilophosaurus is the best friend you’ll ever have."
"How I feel deleting a post downvoted into oblivion."
"Deleting my comments after being downvoted"
"Deleting a comment on reddit..."
"I want to eat its head"
"Man's Best Friend [fixed]"
"Bounce Wit' Me Bear!"
"Be Anything!"
"He's going to be pissed when he finds out about the jacuzzi..."
"Lobster trap"
"Dog Logic"
"I don't even..."
"You're the Devil in disguise  oh yes you are!"
"Hey guys I made it on television!"
"/r/new and my attempts to stop reposts."
"Just a baby polar bear being tickled"
"A typical McDonalds"
"Why I stopped reading how-tos."
"How to draw an owl. Simple steps."
"Run it out..."
"My attempts to reach the front page"
"Kitty!"
"Cringe worthy warning."
"Bbae caught me slippin' [Fixed]"
"Caught Slipping."
"With all these Facebook posts lately"
"Seriously? What the hell is up with eagles?"
"Dear eastern people saying the world hasn't ended"
"Picard on r/wtf back to its roots"
"Why the fuck do people put the punchline in the title of their post?"
"This is how we do it"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"Bear Problems"
"Balls | Joseph Kittinger's record-breaking skydive from 102 800 ft. (31 300 m.). {Photograph by Volkmar Wentzel.} (Commentary: He nearly breaks the sound barrier  the freefall record is still unbroken to this day  and all this was done in and around 1959-1960.) [1417×1800]"
"The f*ck was that?"
"Mistyped an imgur link  was rewarded with this beauty...[NSFW]"
"As if using cyberlockers didn't make me paranoid enough..."
"Once again  this only happens in Japan"
"How I feel downvoting a post at -2..."
"Sho when shall you shhmoke with me?"
"The most epic log-on of all time"
"[Repost] How to open a Windows 98 session without password"
"Did I just end up in Mario Kart Land????"
"When I see somebody Karma Whoring with their pets"
"There is only one thing to do when your link has already been submitted."
"Payback"
"Can you hold this for me for a second?"
"Take flight!"
"Came across this while searching for creative leasing signs..."
"Spidey Surprise"
"So a level 1 hurricane hit where I live today and I saw a picture of some damage done."
"So I heard you guys want to bring WTF back to its roots... It's on. (NSFW)"
"Let's get some REAL WTF going on. [NSFW]"
"Pretty women right?"
"What I imagine the average reddit user looks like. (Repost from r/workaholics)"
"Saw this on FB with the title 'One word to describe this picture' my answer was 'Merica!!!"
"Target Sells Bananas for Night-Time Fun."
"Baby Harp Seal"
"After the rain  mushroom [AWAPA]"
"Grumpy Cat"
"My Favorite Picture of all the Internet"
"Can't tell if Photoshopped  or just India"
"Always wondered how they did it without CGI. (The empire strikes back 1980  x-post from /r/moviesinthemaking)"
"Found Some Behind The Scenes Shots from Famous Movies"
"Wut."
"Nooooo! NOT MY BIKE!"
"Doing His Work."
"Doing His Work."
"What do you see in the mirror of erised?"
"How I see the entertainment industry..."
"Somewhat Impressed Puppy"
"Such a silly photo if not religion then some ethical issue will divide humans and they will war upon each other. Those who blame a single aspect of the human realm live in ignorance."
"I'm a musician with just enough money to pay rent."
"Just some light heart reading"
"first time daddy sees his 3 week old"
"Is this Karma whoring?"
"That's True (X-Post From /r/WeAreTeenagers)"
"Balance [gif]"
"Looks fairly comfortable"
"Ten years later.."
"Ermahgerd!"
"Nailed it."
"Lance Armstrong's career directed by Michael Bay"
"How I feel when a person a 55yr+ man says &quot;LOL!!!&quot; or some variant thereof."
"We finally have a confession from this motherfucker!"
"I Googled Black scientist..."
"I Googled Black scientist..."
"Lionesses at the watering hole"
"Wow. Just bring the mojitos to cabin 4  thanks mate."
"Sleep at class  no problem"
"This is what i wish teachers would do"
"r/atheism..."
"How I felt meeting girlfriends parents for the first time."
"Somebody really wants you to look at his dog"
"Gilligan"
"As a Nintendo fan  this put a massive smile on my face."
"Om nom nom nom"
"If you are what you eat"
"Walking through a spiderweb"
"The inside of a turtle's mouth"
"Deat Reddit I present to you a new storm pic from Dallas last night."
"Dear Reddit I present to you another storm pic from Dallas last night"
"Good."
"To continue the Rock Vs series"
"So cute. A Lion Hug [705x1024]"
"High five!"
"Felix Baumgartner is the man."
"Rainbow Lorikeets"
"Simply gorgeous"
"Remember?"
"Made from auto parts by a sculptor in Thailand"
"Just a sculpture made out of scrap parts"
"Thought this might get a good laugh."
"The earth's entire geological history compressed onto a 6 000 year Young Earth Creationist's timescale (dinosaurs extinct in March 1927  humans arrive in November 2008)"
"found on imgur  Soo much stagnant water"
"You go wherever you go today  I'll get there my way"
"Sweet baby Jesus  I love me some watermelon."
"I don't normally poop while away from home..."
"Someone needs to stop this madman."
"Just Walking the Dog"
"Hey mom  I'm home from school"
"what it feels like getting out of bed for a summer class after having a month off"
"How I view my shameful existence on Reddit."
"Vampires have allergies too."
"Due to high sulfur levels  inhabitants of the Izu Islands had to wear gas masks to survive."
"Went to a Helghast wedding last night.... AWKWARD."
"The moment I realised reddit Karma doesn't mean anything"
"Deadmau5's new album cover..... Pretty much him trying to tell the world he is an official Redditor."
"This was in Sample Pictures on a school computer."
"I'm Jesusing..."
"MFW I try coding assembly language"
"How I imagine people looking at /r/gonewild look like."
"Found this statue in a mall in Seoul. I think we all know this feeling."
"I was watching a movie in bed  got up for a drink and came back to find this"
"Scorpion's elusive love spear into hug combo"
"Here's a baby fennec fox for you."
"Dad lion and cub"
"Whenever I post any of my own content"
"Totally worth it"
"The background on my work computer has drawn attention form the boss. Something about not being a &quot;Team Player&quot;....."
"Pure nostalgia."
"I have oficially taken the best photo of my life. I should just go home now."
"It's Peanut Butter Jelly ... wait what?"
"I don't think I'm going to eat peanut butter anytime soon."
"I'm the REAL pope bro."
"Fuck old bread."
"How I am on this year's Halloween weekend"
"Perfect timing  not for that guy though"
"17. She is 17 years old."
"Spotted in the children's section of a Reject Shop [PIC]"
"WTF Target?!"
"Ping pong boss"
"I love you  son."
"Well I'm never eating a banana again"
"Oh  Libya..."
"Closer."
"Beautiful Headshot"
"She better not get in my face"
"I quit my job today."
"This must be a super villain of some sort."
"I don't remember THIS episode of Seinfeld..."
"He does exist"
"Trapped a spider under the CD cover  next morning..... (repost from r/funny(!) )"
"When you see your parents giving your siblings money..."
"The constellation of Orion. You can see the Flame Nebula  Horsehead Nebula and M42 as well! [1230x600] [OS]"
"My reaction  first time on r/spacedicks"
"But soft..."
"I can haz tail?"
"Pac-Man"
"How I feel after losing 80lbs and hoping in the shower with the wife."
"I Googled reddit downvotes and this came up."
"Sleeping Dinosaur"
"When my date goes to use my restroom and I'm not sure if I flushed"
"I just did a google image search for 'Where the Fuck is Wallace&quot;. This was on page 2  a few images after a blonde girl wearing nothing more than Christmas decorations."
"Just handed in my honours qualifying project in my final week of university."
"Finishing my final dissertation at 6AM"
"checkmate"
"So I just tap here.."
"Posted all over the Afghan army base my friend works at"
"My soul. [FIXED]"
"Trying to read Twitter when you follow more than a few people."
"Man Vs. Weasels"
"Don't &quot;tread&quot; on me"
"duke vs magneto"
"Iz got me some umbrella!"
"I didn't know they had urinals on the U.S.S. Enterprise"
"I just need a little privacy"
"You deserve that"
"Happy birthday Mr. Hawking...you science the hell out of that science!"
"How it feels to be sober at a party"
"How I feel being in my early 20's."
"How I feel being back in school after spring break."
"Every time my girlfriend asks me to do a load of her laundry."
"How I feel trying to find trees without my Boyfrient for the first time..."
"Dear Esther"
"Senior Crayon Maker"
"The highest rated post on /r/Finland"
"Gaben is setting us up for this..."
"Team Rockets theme song tailored for Romney"
"What a nice couple."
"Because that's logical."
"Saw this on facebook. Worst argument point i have seen"
"Seems legit... - Imgur"
"Candy cigarette"
"Deal with it. Rawr."
"What I imagine every time I see prom photos being taken on a bridge"
"Come on kids  lets all stand on this rickety bridge for a nice family photo"
"I've never seen my cat look so concerned. (x-post /r/catpictures)"
"Spongebob wants no surprises"
"The Sound of Sponginess"
"How my stealth attempts in Skyrim have been so far"
"Decided to see what random imgur would get me. Was not disappointed"
"My sex life in a nutshell [fixed]"
"In loving memory..."
"In Loving Memory...."
"My reaction to Google's new  shorter  easier-to-read privacy policy"
"My girlfriends reaction after I send her lots of links from Reddit."
"Back to school."
"Science &gt; Prayer"
"Since I can't post images on r/science"
"Yet another reason as to why I love this show"
"I take it you haven't had sex for a while."
"Be Polite..."
"Me  when my coworker starts telling a gay joke in front of our closet-gay IT guy"
"My reaction to this morning's traffic during my 50 mile commute."
"DAE feel this way when they get their tax refunds?"
"What it feels like to be single on V-Day for the first time in 3 years"
"The pedophile in Sims"
"I wanna..."
"Waiting..."
"My brother just posted this the fb. Doing it right"
"Watch your step  asshole."
"Well  as long as we are posting pictures with big cat cubs  here's me with a friend I met in South Africa"
"Mmmmmm"
"Googled &quot;weirdest gif ever&quot;  did not disappoint..."
"It gets to 5am and I'm still on reddit  think I might as well pull an all-nighter when spontaneous naptime kicks in."
"how i feel when someone says &quot;Hold my baby!&quot;"
"Just a Shaved Llama"
"When I saw the girl in my Calc class with her thong peeking out..."
"My favorite gif. Ever. Of all time."
"How to get free Lunch"
"How I get a free lunch....."
"Saw this on Facebook. I think they're doing it wrong..."
"Popped up on my news feed....with over 278 000 likes. The tactics that are being used today are quite something."
"Cupcakes"
"Take your best shot."
"This Girl is a keeper"
"Kitties in the sink!!!"
"&quot;As you can see from this pie chart...&quot;"
"Romantic teddy bear."
"Cute sleeping cat"
"soft kitty  warm kitty little ball of fur  happy kitty sleepy kitty purr purr purr"
"facebook has been promising this morning."
"Morning dew"
"Oooohh  shiny..."
"Why god did not create any pokemon"
"Noah's gonna catch 'em all!"
"The average date for a Reddit user."
"xbox steering"
"Arctic fox pup"
"Whenever I read through youtube comments"
"A guy stole my first successful link and put it on 9GAG"
"Every freakin day"
"Kitty Cat Laundry"
"This party is off the hook!"
"How to kill a walrus"
"&quot;There's donuts in the conference room&quot;"
"Creepy Birthday"
"How I feel knowing my birthday is tomorrow"
"I'm not sure what to title this."
"Like a boss"
"What is happening here?"
"Spinning!"
"Raptor Jesus went extinct for your sins"
"What it's going to be like after my last exam today"
"Our GabeN is an awesome GabeN."
"It is."
"Has this ever been a good idea? [gif]"
"I wonder what the thought process behind this was?"
"I think this belongs here (X-post from woahdude)"
"Meanwhile... In Canada."
"their only regret was not bringing more tags."
"What ACTUALLY happens when you leave your car unlocked in Canada."
"SACK RACES ARE FUN! 5 OUT OF 6 KIDS AGREE!"
"5 out of 6 Kids Love KangaSack!"
"Unfortunate ad placement"
"My friends dog on the right Ellie"
"Haha  remember that time you killed all those padawans?"
"I now have the overwhelming urge to scratch the dead center of my back..."
"Annie and Britta From Community's Lesbian Photo (Yes  it's for real)"
"this is why they need to continue community"
"My first attempt at this "
"More Bacon than the pan can handle."
"Anybody got a clever title for this?"
"Me on Reddit when I say something nice about Apple"
"How i feel when getting front page on a small subreddit"
"So I Googled LeVar Burton..."
"Just heard about that racist anti-Obama bumper sticker. This came up in an image search.."
"Dragonborn Jesus"
"So This is How it Was Written..."
"Cmon dude  just tell them!"
"My friends and I on payday"
"Phelps turning Super Saiyan . . . brilliant"
"Google says Happy Brithday to Bob Ross"
"Butthead Bred!"
"Light cannot escape him"
"How to prank your friends."
"No fucks were given"
"Correction"
"The call of Cthulhu"
"Go get em' Aquaman!"
"limes taste funny"
"My favorite gif."
"My favorite baby's first lime"
"Puppy vs lime..."
"Sorry if repost  but too adorable not to share"
"Furry love  not what you think."
"How I imagine Christians feel about the Bible..."
"When I see 10+ lines of text"
"EULA"
"When my teacher asks if I had finished the required course reading over the summer."
"Wakka Wakka Wakka"
"WTF is the only thing to say."
"He will be known as Little Bobby Buscemi"
"It's my reddit birthday"
"This cat is psyched for dessert"
"How most of the internet feels (fixed)"
"I like my art like I like my men.."
"This is pretty wtf."
"Condom Room"
"It's nearly that time of year again"
"Someone  please tell me this is fake."
"My &quot;faith in humanity&quot; meter is falling precariously low"
"Nearly smashed my monitor in anger."
"it will be much easier this way(:"
"Grammar rant"
"For my cake day  I give you a dog fighting a leaf blower"
"If we fits  we sits!"
"Candidates Hair Swap"
"Ladies and gentlemen  I present to you...uhh...this."
"Maned Wolf"
"I may be a bitch..."
"As a non-sports-fan  oh god what's going on"
"wait for it..."
"As an American  this is how I see the metric system."
"Only Time I even think of it"
"Solitaire"
"Im sure I'm not the only one..."
"So Mitt has a thing for three rings..."
"how i plan on getting to the front page"
"Construction workers give no fucks."
"Special Olympics"
"Finally made it to the Mun. Jeb was ecstatic."
"oh fuck  oh fuck  oh fuck!"
"Which would you pick? A Good Memory and a long dick??"
"The Pet of Edward"
"I can see my neighbor having sex"
"Nicolas Cage has never looked so terrifying"
"Beastie Panda Boys. Came up with this months ago. Had no idea /r/gifsound was a thing!"
"Little red panda sticking its tongue out"
"best kids game ever!!"
"Spidey the trendsetter"
"Morgan Freeman Doing Right"
"Words to live by"
"How I feel at my new job. (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"Is this real"
"Is this real life?"
"Fanta sea"
"Is this real life?"
"Hmm.. well then."
"The true meaning of Democracy"
"Opening my laptop in a lecture after looking at porn last night"
"Wu-Tang clan aint nuthin to fuck with"
"When your innocent friend says something sexual"
"And so it begins..."
"My thoughts exactly  this trend needs to die."
"My Reaction to Discovering /r/insects.."
"Browsing /r/whatsthisbug"
"rrlglglhlhlghglglglelllrlrhllgggththth!!!!!!"
"When you know to turn the volume down"
"A photo from Pretty Lights at Red Rocks 8/18/2012"
"See you guys Saturday  hopefully."
"This fulfills at least...3 different fetishes"
"I have seen incontrovertible proof and been touched by his Noodley Appendage from his Interstellar Teapot!"
"C-17 Globemaster after releasing flare countermeasures."
"cat elevator"
"Best Goat ever!"
"I love you  man!"
"Missed you bro!!!!"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"So this popped on my Facebook feed  that doesn't seem enjoyable."
"Sign says &quot;No Skateboarding!&quot;"
"What you lookin' at crow?"
"Josh Romney"
"Josh Slenderomney"
"Guy kayaking almost gets eaten by a whale"
"Through the Yarn and the Catnip"
"Seems legit..."
"Hello everyone this is my first post on reddit (Who cares!) My name is PurposeFear and I am addicted to marijuana......"
"Whenever I see &quot;(first post)&quot; on the front page..."
"Since fall is here  and reddit is about to be overloaded with &quot;AWW look at all the beautiful fall colors&quot; posts this is how I feel as a colorblind person"
"Can I give you a hand with breakfast?"
"Whenever a girl posts a comment."
"My mum found this under the sink and placed it with my body building supplements...she may be trying to kill me."
"The bigger picture"
"I going to go ahead and predict that exactly one year from today  this image will be the number one post"
"How I feel about Steam today..."
"Anyone have an ocarina?"
"Just woke up and realized"
"First though I had waking up today."
"You want stuff like this on the front page?"
"Pythagoras Head"
"When your mom leaves the house for the day."
"MWF my ex's new relationship isn't working out how she planned."
"Sheep ring activated!"
"Nice dog  scary shadow"
"Gallium"
"Probably has been posted before  but made me laugh anyway."
"What my life has been like since i bought a suit"
"How I feel on my final day of work before moving to a better compensated and more prestigious position."
"The shinning meets Willie Wonka! HERE'S JOHNNY! (Gif)"
"He always scared me."
"Look at this adorable guy i found"
"Freakout"
"I see what you did there."
"mmhm"
"Family time with the new Weezy album"
"I..I just cant stop looking at this gif"
"Claw so hard."
"Now that's a tough kid!"
"How it feels having the worst day of my life.....on my birthday today"
"Transformers IRL"
"This is what I call a passionfruit!"
"Ripe for the *icking."
"Nah... I got shit to do today."
"I imagine that would be the weirdest boner."
"Battle of Fates"
"How it feels to have my Cake Day on the Solstice"
"She wants what?"
"I used to think hair shavers and cats didnt mix..."
"Here comes another summer of un-air conditioned hell...."
"Well  I never got *that* sadist playing Roller Coaster Tycoon."
"It gets pretty intense."
"To the red fields"
"Breakfast in Bed"
"The Baby Sitting Dog"
"NOPENOPENOPE  I REFUSE"
"Earth  Venus  and Jupiter as seen from Mars..."
"Tree Camping"
"Shaquille O'Neal With Giant Panda"
"When Shack met penda."
"The Putin Poodle"
"A New Denomination of Currency - Limited Time Offer!"
"Genie Wish"
"Ain't no one got shit on this zebra!"
"God bless you  reddit."
"Friday is coming up!"
"Whenever a guy has trouble getting hard before sex"
"After eating those little candy hearts..."
"How I view the reddit mentality"
"What happens after you die."
"I'v done it before and I will do it again"
"What ACTUALLY happens when I post something I think is good."
"From 1934. A machine that dispensed lit cigarettes. Seems pretty safe to me."
"Bad Guy National GeoGraphic"
"Idaho is a badass state."
"Welcome to Munich. This is Oktoberfest."
"Pencil carving of Finn and Jake"
"You can't beat that kind of logic"
"What if climate change is a hoax?"
"My girlfriend told me I should go out with my friends on Friday night and that she would just stay home and watch tv"
"Party like we're in Russia!"
"Russian Dancing Men [Fixed]"
"White People [FIXED]"
"Super Chuck Norris..."
"Super Antics!"
"Camping"
"Armed bodyguards for the almost extinct Northern White Rhino [xpost /r/pics]"
"Every time i enter a pokecenter"
"i get tired of hearing them say this"
"That is not what I meant by &quot;photo-bomb.&quot;"
"The King Drives By!"
"Even Homer J. Simpson had a better understanding to becoming President"
"[10] (repost from gifs)"
"Not even one fuck given"
"shes comingggg....."
"He was so sharp in the debates  too."
"My GOD is the REAL ONE"
"First"
"I just broke 1000 comment karma"
"True."
"Accidentally opening Internet Explorer"
"When my slow work computer freezes after important unsaved progress"
"A mule. Parasailing. A motherfuckingmulemotherfuckin para. Sailing."
"Heard Reddit likes cats and Chuck Norris"
"Best way to Relax in the cold Weather."
"4 chicks in a tub. [SFW]"
"Yukkkk!!! Eeeeeewww!!"
"I found the tortoise!"
"Oh you..."
"*waves*"
"How I feel when I hear my neighbor's dog at 4 am."
"Yet another great quote from Penn Jillette"
"To everyone who says &quot;Oh! looks like /r/KarmaConspiracy&quot;"
"I feel like this is what Reddit's god looks like."
"So i googled king of reddit"
"What every redditor thinks trolling is."
"What the internet's becoming..."
"How i see most internet trolls"
"Some of my favorite wallpapers. Love you Reddit!"
"Getting your priorities right. This picture represents the epitome of humanity."
"sounds about right"
"Google Killed Bambi!!"
"When someone tells me the Moon landing was a hoax."
"How I felt trying to teach my 70 year old Romanian grandmother how to use a computer"
"when I see a spider on my desk..."
"Thieves"
"Repo Bears."
"Missin feesh"
"Using Children to spread hate"
"Spotted at the Islamic protest in Sydney  Australia this afternoon. The mother needs to have her kids taken from her."
"Seen at the Islamic protests in Sydney this afternoon. What is wrong with this pic?"
"A sign of the times"
"Indoctrinated  shame on the parents  he probably cant even read the sign."
"I apologize on behalf of the people of my generation"
"When my friend tells me about him making it to the front page"
"Stereotypes."
"Why are people making such a big deal about this show?"
"Baby gorilla's stethoscope reaction"
"May I have a sip?"
"The real reason there is no Half-Life 3"
"Even in Gabe's romantic endeavours..."
"Totally sure this is a repost"
"(SPOILER) Hank's face at the end of tonight's episode."
"Finally achieving an 1000 point post"
"How I felt after accidentally misspelling a word in a reddit post the other day..."
"Red Card!"
"Such cute eyes you have"
"Teach kids about pubes [SFW]"
"prince white people"
"I like this too much"
"No fucks given at this local library"
"Party for white people"
"The most useless machine ever"
"Well this is awkward.."
"Wololo Wololo Wololo!!!"
"3 legged puppy"
"Sorry!"
"Explains me when reddit was down a few minutes ago"
"How could anyone resist?"
"Still very true."
"When I'm at a 4-way stop  and someone won't go when I'm trying to be polite."
"Every time I try to play stealth sections in games"
"Coming home from the bar wasted"
"Muslim Hypocrisy"
"If I had one hour to live..."
"Monday morning and time to go to work..."
"So you think Hurricane Sandy is violent and catastrophic?"
"[gif] Bullet (x-post from r/gif)"
"How I feel  wanting so bad to be a part of Reddit but not being even a tiny bit funny."
"A true artist was discovered"
"Attention Hipster Doofuses:"
"Stop that!"
"9/11: The True Story."
"Nope"
"NOPE"
"Cadillac One: The car that thinks it's a tank."
"The presidential limo in detail."
"Baby  WTF"
"I badly photoshop my friend's face onto women. This is my latest work."
"Product name &quot;Pretty Death&quot;"
"Why didn't you write me? Why? It wasn't over for me  I waited for you for seven years."
"Yo Dawg  I heard you like pugs..."
"Sparklers"
"How I feel posting stuff on reddit 90% of the time."
"It's Friday [FIXED]"
"Sunlight. Water. Combined."
"Man arrested during haircut"
"Aggressive Marketing"
"Guys  I miss Steve..."
"Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!"
"Come at me  bro!"
"DJ Jesus; He died for your spins"
"Why I hate painting with my wife."
"Men &amp; Women See Colours Differently"
"Christmas in Advance"
"The Flying Spaghetti Monster has sent His Son to walk among us"
"How Microsoft really planned for E3"
"The Kansas City Library is made out of books"
"a million? NOPE!"
"Paint War"
"Boom colors [Xpost from r/pics]"
"They see me rollin'"
"A cross stitch even your grandma would love..."
"Why you gotta disrespect me bro!?"
"I thought this was America?!"
"Hey  asshole! Over here!"
"&quot;HOOUGHH!&quot;"
"Damn straight we're doing another one with that tree"
"YO Mamma"
"Condensed sulfer burns in a mine in the crater of the Kawah Ijen Volcano - East Java  Indonesia"
"Everytime somebody mentions something funny that i was just about to say.."
"When an obvious camper tells me i'm camping on Call Of Duty"
"When somebody says I have no soul because I'm a ginger"
"When I manage to schedule a meeting for 25 people and then one person wants to move it..."
"I see your eagle with a knife and raise you an ape with a sniper"
"What is the smallest caliber you trust to protect yourself (Resubmit by Myself) 1st got lost"
"No wonder people like Obama! They aren't educated at all!"
"Look at the girl in the skirts weird sharp knee  creepy as hell."
"My friends just posted this  why? just why?"
"Truer words have yet to be spoken."
"So true"
"Wolves in the snow"
"Opened up a new app and found this on the loading screen"
"I noticed something today  while loading agent dash."
"You can't just use firetype pokemon like that!"
"The knife in COD might be a little OP..."
"This makes me hungry! hash brownies! LOL"
"ye olde invisible string trick"
"Size comparison between Curiosity rover and previous mars rovers  Opportunity and Spirit"
"Freshness guaranteed...."
"Googled a picture of my friend not what i was expecting..."
"CAUTION: This sign has sharp edges. Do not touch the edges of this sign."
"ALSO  the bridge is out ahead."
"How is this physically possible?"
"Just a baby bat."
"Me  one day after Amazon's &quot;estimated delivery date &quot; with no package."
"How to deal with a bear [Fixed]"
"The war of our time  i give you... The iWar."
"Hey Carl..."
"DAMMIT  CARL."
"[Pic] Heed the wisdom of Dave Chappelle."
"Random search on IMGUR  I don't even..?"
"My brother spent ages drawing this  what do you reckon?"
"Anybody stop Kony?"
"Haikus are easy..."
"Reddit  I'm getting my internet installed today after over a month without it after moving. Tonight will be glorious. [pic]"
"Holiday sale on dryers."
"I'd buy it.."
"The exact moment I stopped being a vegetarian."
"this is why i'm chubby"
"Russian grandmas know what's up"
"Well  that explains everything"
"Googled the owner of reddit... Was not disappointed."
"Harvey Dent's train of thought . . . ."
"A Man Can Dream..."
"Under water bedroom: Poseidon Undersea Resort  Fiji."
"How twilight should have ended"
"What was the hardest part about seeing that child get hit by a car?"
"So my friend sent me this..."
"I see you... Down there"
"I'm not very good at captioning things. Here are some baby pandas failing pretty badly on a slide. In the snow. I've been watching it for about 10 minutes now."
"sliding panda"
"Pure beauty .."
"Must. Stop. Watching. (xpost from gifs) (focus on the center plus sign)"
"My favorite optical illusion - stare at the middle"
"Stratus clouds"
"How I feel using my non-iPhone in public"
"I wish the Advent series would start up again"
"Don't mind me"
"Don't mind me(x-post r/pics)"
"Shia Labeouf and Megan Fox"
"Watch Movement Cufflinks. xpost from Watches"
"Perpkern"
"World's largest emerald"
"Compiling the most beautiful woman in the world"
"Now ask them how Google+ is doing  I dare you."
"The 90's"
"Come on... Really?"
"My friend asked Suzuki to make the peace sign  he flipped the bird instead."
"Nice pole vau... Oh! MY!"
"&quot;Swollen droopy&quot; The fuck?"
"Used to...[FIXED]"
"Don't f**k with Rudolf..."
"This is how I walk when it's windy"
"My University's Meme page did me proud with this one"
"Feel the Bass."
"Let's just squeeze some Lemon Demon on there..."
"Work it!"
"we can do this until 4 am or until we get tired"
"Cat gets denied"
"cat + ? = funny"
"Logging on and seeing a comment from last night down voted to the oblivion"
"My new career path"
"A Pug on a Horse"
"Spiderman escapes from Sandy"
"A novel system of measuring beards"
"Double kill"
"DOUBLE KILL!"
"Mein Sled! (X-Post from /r/WTF)"
"Who's next?"
"No thanks. Just the coffee ..."
"Get ready  America"
"They see me mowin' they hatin'"
"How I feel wearing pants and being at work a couple days after my vasectomy"
"How I feel every time I go to youtube."
"I want this man to pose in the background of every picture I take ever."
"HOMOPHOBE!"
"Stuck In The Middle"
"Fridays"
"Soooo I just signed into facebook after a long absence..."
"*yawn* Good morning  Reddi... Wtf?"
"Waking up on 12/21/12..."
"A man's gotta eat"
"10 Points if you 1st Notice the Mustache"
"I almost killed my family this morning making pancakes. I think it's time Walmart put some variety in their labels."
"Fuck yeah!"
"My smashing collection"
"My local discount store has never been a class act but this is a stretch even by their standards. I still bought several packages."
"Reddit"
"I love stairs!"
"I love stairs. [NSFW]"
"Walking Dead Downvote"
"Went to a wedding yesterday. The officiator held up this sign during the &quot;First Kiss&quot;."
"Just a spider practicing some sweet moves!"
"Now I've got you!"
"This'll make my girlfriend regret making me go to prom"
"Obama Tells a Story"
"How many of us can see &quot;floaters&quot;? - Imgur"
"Now I can carefully take the remote back..."
"X-post from r/wtf. Finally a burger king that caters to us"
"black friday: expert level"
"3D Super Mario Bros"
"This close  they always look like landscape. But nope  you're looking at balls."
"Oh it’s picture day? I better look FABULOUS"
"A Very Portal Christmas"
"A proper Aperture Christmas [Portal]"
"a very Portal christmas"
"I could watch this all day."
"Just your standard music festival roster (x-post)"
"Pretty accurate"
"One Cool Cat"
"LOL!"
"Map of the First World War"
"Cool map of 1914 Europe"
"I Googled &quot;How To Get Upvotes On Reddit&quot;"
"Guess who else is nominated for an Emmy!"
"Business Cat"
"Arctic corporate CAt"
"My look on Orange juice commercials"
"One of those days where things just aren't going your way..."
"One of those days where things just aren't going your way..."
"My newest favorite optical illusion - Flashed Face Distortion"
"I'm going to need a lot of time to unsee this"
"Dogs."
"Mmmm. I can just taste all that juicy Bieber goodness."
"Justin Bieber Meatloaf. [PIC]"
"Thugbob Swagpants"
"Oh Nein You Didn't Gif"
"No Bother"
"My childhood is now ruined......"
"Don't steal from asian girls"
"extreme bowling"
"How I feel about the fireworks ban in Indiana today"
"Me when someone in a comment made me notice my day of the cake (would've forgotten it otherwise)"
"Still my favorite zombie game"
"kitty likes his sheep"
"Best Friends."
"cuddle buddies"
"When I'm trying to sleep and my boyfriend is looking for sex.."
"Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it."
"test"
"Oompa Loompa Romney"
"Lightsaber Cat Vs Dog"
"&quot;Throwing poo  it's not a good look&quot; (xpost from r/northernireland)"
"At least she is having fun [NSFW]"
"Say CHEEEEEEESE!"
"Just a guy taking his picture with a poptart"
"Yes  yes you are..."
"1950s photo illustration of a girl eating a spider"
"As a senior watching all the freshmen girls move in"
"First time fingering a girl"
"How I Felt While Watching Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter"
"This gif always cheers me up. [NSFW]"
"Ainsley Harriott's at it again (NSFW)"
"Every time I'm angry..."
"I just realized my cakeday falls on a very important holiday... Happy Leif Erikson Day! Hinga dinga dergin..."
"Tips to stay out of jail"
"Just me and Megan Fox."
"The Hobbit Dwarven Lineup"
"Igor  come"
"My new lawn guy takes pride in his work"
"Easter comming soon"
"I fart in your general direction!"
"Probably the most popular newspaper ever"
"a majority of girls on facebook."
"Seconds later  Fluffy slaughtered the entire family in a moment of temporary insanity"
"As a non American  from what I have read on Reddit  this is what I imagine the debate was like"
"Like a boss!"
"Couch Potato (better angle) | Flickr - Photo Sharing!"
"How to identify a meth lab"
"Names that tell stories."
"Embarrassed walrus."
"I must go my people need me"
"is that semen? [NSFW]"
"I wish my Kitten would do this"
"Can't touch this"
"If Drive was set in the Mushroom Kingdom  it'd still be badass."
"What I picture when I hear about straight sex..."
"This came up on a search for &quot;Panda&quot;"
"When I See Someone with a Che Guevara Shirt."
"This is how I watched Immortals on Netflix last night..."
"Walking around the math part of campus…"
"First known picture..."
"Psycho seal?"
"Spongebob  the greatest sense of humor for being at a [7]. Can't. Stop. Laughing."
"Sounds like my cat..."
"The Greatest Athlete Ever"
"ZOMBIES"
"Feeling a bit sheepish?"
"How I feel after reaching 2k Link Karma"
"I don't know what to say."
"How I feel about Battlefield 3 coming out tonight..."
"Mfw it's my first cake day"
"I don't care if it was preseason... WE WON!"
"When I hear my favorite song come on  on the radio [fixed]"
"How it feels after being on reddit over a year and finally hitting 200."
"Hitler's motive"
"Hand positions tell a lot about a Person"
"Always makes me laugh"
"Getting a little wet (GIF)"
"Coffee Owl"
"First world complaints"
"Obsessive Compulsive Humor (PIC)"
"chinchilla's party like there's no tomorrow"
"It's their cakeday...wheres my karma?!?"
"Honey Boo-Shakes"
"The greatest clock."
"Where is your god now?"
"No. Just no."
"For the girls that want to write their name in the snow..."
"The original hunger games"
"Why we pirate music"
"Peacock Flying"
"How I feel when I scroll back to upvote"
"Milky Way/rainbow aurora...too much awesome"
"What if feels like trying to leave Reddit."
"This has to hurt... A lot. (very NSFW)"
"what"
"Um... Lol"
"My friend holding an adorable derp"
"Went to Breakfast this morning."
"Oh NOW you tell me!"
"WoW: So last night I was in a dungeon group with two people who spoke French"
"When my parents have company over."
"This just popped up in my facebook newsfeed..."
"America: Canada's Shorts"
"America - Canada's shorts"
"Well that's one way of putting it..."
"Those eyes"
"I know the feeling  Tarzan"
"Fuck The Police (Horse with a taste for pork in Dublin  Ireland)"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Fuck the police NSFW"
"Surprise Adoption"
"So Comfy"
"Aaaahhh..."
"Realizing I've spent a year of my life on Reddit"
"I'm a completionist and I'm about 20 hours into Xenoblade."
"Every Time I Fart In The Shower"
"What picture makes you laugh no matter how many times you see it? This is mine"
"Where the **** am i?"
"Dusting for ninjas"
"What it's like as a male in a r/TwoXchromosomes thread (fixed)"
"Ah  Batman.."
"Under Stair Storage - The Perfect Solution To Maximizing Space [500x752]"
"I want to know what he's listening to"
"Nooooooo Bumble Beeeeeeeee!"
"How I imagined my girlfriend felt after making the frontpage on a selfpost  and getting no karma."
"this is why i dont play kinect"
"Needs a good title"
"POW! Right in the kisser!"
"Monkey-Raccoon space program"
"The original overly attached girlfriend"
"This is all I can think whenever I see an r/gonewild post titled  &quot;Who wants to Fuck Me?&quot;"
"Collapse of the deep water horizon (x-post r/pics) [1600x1200]"
"Collapse of the Deep Water Horizon"
"How to properly take care of a baby:"
"Good job America  putting the right people in jail."
"Lick lick lick"
"Lick it"
"Might be a repost. But this little bastard makes me indescribably happy."
"I see your importance of comma and raise you the importance of the Oxford comma."
"He wants to be with you always [xpost from r/gifsound]"
"It's almost Valentine's Day"
"America Fuck YEAH!"
"Other then paying 1k more for the Mac name..."
"Goddammit Mr.Noodle!"
"Will Atheism give me more love? How the Universe was created!"
"So  this is what happened to my first reddit comment !!!"
"One of the most awesome .gif back in my youth."
"That toy you secretly wanted to break just to know what's inside."
"Chasing his tail. (this was too good not to repost. x-post gifsound"
"So true."
"Beautiful Amnesia level design"
"You think a play by play on Facebook is bad? Try working in a sports bar and being bombarded by fans when you're not one yourself."
"Ah  just the book i was looking for"
"How I feel getting downvoted every time."
"When your Ex starts a new relationship before you"
"HATE ALL THE PEOPLES!"
"Today is the Day we Take the Stairs"
"Just Start Walking!"
"Dear 15 year olds on reddit:"
"Me the whole time through the Olympics on NBC"
"It's Automatic [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Accurate tattoo."
"Spider Fire."
"Sparks at night"
"This is how I usually fight video game bosses [x-post from r/funny]"
"XPost - Every damn time I read a rage comic these days."
"Corporatism  cronyism  call it what you will."
"Rage comics these days"
"Internet Explorer"
"God i miss College"
"Giraffe and squirrel"
"Can some one help me to get down  please...."
"A cute puppy pic I seen today while browsing my work email"
"The Powerpuff Girls are Redditors"
"Battleshots anyone?"
"As much charisma as can be fit into one photo"
"Found an Obama gif someone must've made while high on something. Decided it needed music."
"What's the difference?"
"Reasons why superheroes aren't online more often"
"One does not simply..."
"Sea World's new roller coaster looks incredible!"
"How I feel calling Verizon customer service"
"Can someone lend me 4 collie dogs."
"US Soliders 2009"
"friend called saying he had a new tattoo gun  then this popped up on my Facebook feed. finally something so terrible its worth posting!"
"How we really found Bin Laden."
"Blues Brothers"
"Epic Backflip Maneuver Activate!"
"best back flip ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"How I feel about South Central Power today now that my power is back on."
"Every time someone sees me reading naruto"
"Sweet Gandhi's Tits"
"I will hug him and squish him and he shall be mine!!"
"He's got a better stroke than I do."
"You could say I'm nervous about my first submission..."
"Cutest Bunny Duo Ever!"
"It works for every single disco song ever made."
"Walt Disney presents: Mission Impossible"
"Ten points to gryffindor."
"Hover cats"
"This is great guys  pure gold."
"Every time anything I submit gets upvotes..."
"Factory Fume ..........Leaf Art"
"Factory Fume  Leaf Art!"
"How i feel on the last day of my internship and the copier jams every 5 secs......."
"No Questions Asked"
"The tequila robot"
"Truth of the life.."
"How I feel as a college student every time I have a midterm"
"Just an orangutan copping a feel."
"War."
"North Koreans preparing for launch"
"[nsfw] that's strong dedication right there..."
"I feel so violated now."
"Nice to meet you"
"Dear kid bullying the only openly gay boy in class"
"Go outside and play."
"When my boyfriend says he prefers uberhumor.com over reddit."
"fuckin russians"
"so i decided to google majestic creatures.."
"Yay for dolphins! [NSFW]"
"Oh I do say...It is quite the lovely day..."
"True story."
"So fucking good"
"I feel it"
"I will find you.."
"Moses vs Jesus"
"Water Bridge"
"No  Cookie Monster  you don't"
"Greatest photobomb in history."
"A redditor's taylor"
"maybe old.... but true"
"1 Cat 1 Cup"
"Stay on target"
"So? At least I'm not a sucker like you!"
"Every time I look through my high school yearbook."
"A house in Russia"
"So I met OAG today..."
"Impromptu College Reunion for Socially Awkward Penguin!"
"Awkward Cell Phone"
"Hipster Puppy"
"I've never hated another character more then you..."
"Most graceful horse ever (ex-post from r/gifs)"
"&quot;Onward my steed  to the front page!&quot;"
"Fearless"
"Bitches gonna hate."
"Golf courses are getting serious about your balls"
"Shot of a lifetime on the 4th of July. Perfect timing!!"
"Cool Waterfall"
"The most talked about apple employee."
"Not sure if corporate trolling by rival  or just really unfortunate name for Apple employee..."
"When I spent all last night playing video games and i should have been revising..."
"Awesomeness Overload!"
"Two great tastes that taste great together. [3:30]"
"Kitten with a milk bottle."
"I got this"
"After countless letters and phone calls  my prayers have been asnswered!"
"Forever Alone Cuddle Buddy problem solved"
"About toothbrushing..."
"WTF toothpaste..."
"How did the Hipster burn his tongue?"
"How did the hipster burn his tongue?"
"The next  &quot;Sent this to my mom when...&quot; Photo"
"*squish*"
"Babies are squishy"
"Squishy Baby"
"How I felt waking up hung over this morning."
"This made me laugh... (x-post from r/Funny)"
"Watch the blueball"
"Skull flower."
"Seafood Japan"
"five minutes into a party.."
"I'm sure her name is Britney Jones or something like that..."
"Screw it  I'm going to sleep"
"Time for sleep"
"How I feel coming back to my dorm after an 7:30am class..."
"Sink Hole de Mayo"
"I work for a CNC milling manufacturer. Today I had to test a plasma cutting machine. I made this! (Skyrim in Steel) from /r/gaming/"
"Size of the Earth (pic)"
"The worst thing to see when you have a project due the next day."
"Just putting my cellphone in the microwave"
"no wonder you couldn't kill old nokia phones  they were possessed."
"Aww"
"Kid's got a point"
"When you see it.... the horror"
"Some boobs are better than others."
"Shock and horror (NSFW)"
"Found THIS on MY newsfeed...."
"After our trip to Disneyworld last week this sums up how I felt visiting the parks"
"Introducing  Robert Meowny Jr"
"If Robert Downey Jr. Was A Cat"
"Don't hide secrets in your house  'cause boy I stole the key"
"Overly attached insanity girlfriend"
"Curtiss C-46 that ditched in shallow water while on a smuggling mission to the Bahamas for the Medellín drug cartel"
"Yearbook Quote Level: Asian"
"Quite the view"
"Theology Professor put this in powerpoint today in class.. whatcha guys think?"
"Oh the irony"
"Meth before and after"
"Meth one time !!"
"Meth is one hell of a drug"
"This is not a repost."
"Even our vandals are nice in Canada"
"Hes actually a pretty cool dude"
"I wish this guy was still on TV"
"Happy Birthday!!!"
"Well...Shit"
"Crap Crap Crap."
"Longboarding fail (x-post from r/funny)"
"Longboard loop de loop"
"Haters goin' hate."
"Words of Wisdom that actually says a thing"
"This was supposed to say &quot;Assortment of ice cream&quot; (or smth similar)"
"RIP Sylvia Kristel  star of Emmanuelle"
"Donald Duck's Family Tree"
"I was trying to prove to my girlfriend the &quot;Sweater Kitten&quot; is a euphemism for boobs. Google gave me this."
"People really need to understand this"
"Get the fuck over it"
"Baby vs Dog [gif]"
"O_O"
"It's my real birthday today  and all I want to do all day is watch these guys."
"So i finally got around to the whole &quot;imgurroulette&quot; thing"
"When does the gnarwhal bacon? ... NEVER"
"The most adorable rat"
"Australian model caught distracted during a photo shoot when the first plane hit tower 1 WTC on 9/11"
"How I felt the day after submitting my very first post"
"Look at my tongue"
"The Quick Brown Fox Jumps Over the Lazy Dog"
"Thought this also belongs here (xpost from /r/atheism)"
"The funniest food ever"
"i think this fits well"
"I googled &quot;Dayum.&quot; This popped up...."
"The Meep."
"Best &quot;I have the weirdest boner right now&quot; gif I've ever seen"
"Trollgrafts?"
"For the 90's kids"
"When people downvote my posts"
"50 Who?"
"my all time favorite gif/tv show"
"Bubbles...EVERYWHERE"
"Dude  you're a Koala"
"You are doing it wrong !"
"Kitty Operating Room"
"Kitty Operating Room"
"Downvoting stuff on the front page"
"Suspense building up"
"I cut myself shaving for the first time today  this was me on the inside."
"Whenever I eat a cookie or pastry before I realize we're out of milk..."
"Made plans with an ex  then I fapped"
"Nice try kid"
"What I imagine people on r/aww are like!"
"I give you my friends incredibly high looking dog"
"Gengar  you dick!"
"MLK Day"
"This is wtf"
"Best Chain Reaction Ever!"
"when someone says &quot;freebies&quot;"
"Every time I come across a 'when you see it' image."
"QUITE."
"Not giving a fuck  level: Tyrion"
"Me for the rest of graduation when I found out we don't throw hats in the air like Americans do"
"Just when I thought I knew who ran this shit.."
"The internet"
"Beautiful Wallpaper and Quote"
"Canadian problems"
"Adorable little turtle is cute!"
"Whenever I Submit to Reddit"
"after 10 seconds in r/circle jerk"
"I don't post a lot  but after being here for a year  this is my general impression of reddit."
"The effect 90's kid nostalgia has on me:"
"Skeletor throws his hands up"
"wat"
"Silly Moose"
"The only smile to greet me when I wake up... [FIXED]"
"Oh Keanu"
"How to kill a cat"
"Why I can't hold a job"
"When I'm stoned and all my friends are sober"
"Spongebob mistakes  this makes no sense but its absolutely hilarious"
"Visine gets the red out"
"TIL Einstein had the legs of a woman  and often wore the shoes to match."
"Nice Shoes  Einstein..."
"Not so passive aggressiveness...."
"Conan can see clearly now"
"ART-Dirty creation"
"PIZZA DELIVERY"
"How every Australian feels about all these Borderlands 2 posts."
"Mr Rogers flipping the bird"
"Reddit's response to every like I post"
"Reddits response to everything I post"
"I wanna see!"
"When I leave all of my studying for the morning of my exam"
"Saying I don't like cats on Reddit"
"Searching for Wi-Fi on a ferry  when I find this."
"Can't see how this can go wrong"
"Interesting name for a wi-fi network"
"Everybody loves Ray."
"&quot;My reactions every time I visit WTF&quot; posts make me want to do this"
"How I interpret every post-loss Michael Phelps interview"
"Outraged baby!"
"Pfffffffffffftbtbtbtbt."
"So... what are you trying to tell me?"
"Cluck  cluck  cluck."
"Lost Woods Cuckoo"
"Something to look at under the influence"
"Told my girlfriend I love when the page is full of blue links. Woke up to this.[x-post from r/funny]"
"[mild spoiler] Watching Louie ep 13 Liz scene"
"The look I give my wife after she tells me she wants to have sex"
"Googled &quot;what the actual fuck&quot;."
"I've never thought about it like this. It's genius!"
"Kids--what dirty minds they have these days."
"My penis in a goat"
"This makes me smile."
"With Valentine's Day coming up  this will make a great card!"
"Suddenly  everything changed..."
"Which way did they go?"
"When Christians say they'll pray for me..."
"When someone has 20k+ tweets &amp; 10 followers."
"Upvotes Vs Downvotes"
"Ummmm.....wut"
"Super Spiderbaby? Spider Babyman?"
"In my quest for the front page  i've tried various ways. I'm not even sure this will work."
"The burden of down-votes"
"Me when I'm scheduled to work after-hours on Friday."
"Kevin Bacon..."
"The most majestic repost you'll see all day..."
"Googled &quot;reddit's favorite thing.&quot; Not surprised it was a tie."
"Ultimate Reward"
"hugz"
"Spider Ambush [NSFL]"
"Bricks will be shat"
"I MUST GO...."
"How I expect my reaction to opening presents this year will be"
"Tall Justin is tall."
"I just finished with the final payment on my mortgage. This is how I feel."
"Hey  check out my new tattoo!"
"My friend outside a theme park"
"Un happy hipster"
"Smoking level 99"
"90's kids miss this show. Actually anyone who ever watched one episode is missing this show."
"Cracker Ass"
"Nice House (pic)"
"Exposure of a fireworks show with lightning in the distance and the comet McNaught in between"
"&quot;Luke  I am your father.&quot; The Filming of Star Wars."
"worst babysitter ever"
"This looks like the perfect place for a nap."
"No longer a party."
"The devastating feeling of crushing someone else's dream at /new."
"Daft Punk Sauron"
"Canadian tax dollars going to good use."
"this really sums up the tone  and the stakes  of this election.... taken as both men cross each others paths after the debate ends and they've shaken hands."
"The Blu Ray Difference"
"Is this a boy or a girl?"
"Whenever I see a spider"
"When somebody says I have a bug on me [gif]"
"The fuck?!"
"Looks like a bumpy ride..."
"Evolution in Pokemon summed up"
"When i Found Out That My Friend Liked A 4chan Post On Facebook.."
"Birds eye view of Central Park &amp; Manhattan"
"That's not the way that I remember it."
"That dangerous water!"
"A misunderstanding"
"Kitty asking for some affection"
"Slow Rider."
"How to piss off a Star Wars  Harry Potter  and LoTR fan"
"What I think is happening when reddit is &quot;under a heavy load&quot;..."
"After taking a break for a few days"
"reddit is trying to make us all not fap this month. but we have been warned of the consequences of not having internet porn before..."
"Every time a girl posts on reddit"
"Soon  she will be converted into one of their own..."
"Pretty much sums up Reddit..."
"Ew! How the hell does a dog owner let this happen? NSFL + NSFD (Not Safe For Dogs)"
"Finding out what NSFL means."
"The do's and dont's of halloween"
"Trying to reach the front page"
"PEEK-A-POO"
"How I Feel Today..."
"Just one more reddit page."
"How i feel when eating popcorn  and my wife comes in with a lasagna"
"I feel like this belongs here..."
"When someone asks me to do something for them on my lunch break"
"For my cakecay  a collection of face swapping images"
"How Reddit makes me feel when I think I have the most epic of posts."
"What the hell?"
"Russia is epic"
"If I wrote a book"
"Saw a new Furby was coming out  was curious so I Googled it. First thing that came out...guys  I'm scared..."
"Welcome to McDonald's"
"This is the result of only the past 2 days of the Steam sale."
"Only a test..."
"This is what happens when you set Apple's Siri to &quot;American English&quot; mode."
"Don't you judge me Siri!"
"I know it's immature but I can't help but laugh at this."
"Getting really tired of your shit Siri"
"I will eat your heart out!"
"This guy has cojones."
"Oh children..."
"Dinner Time"
"Well that's odd"
"It's DINNER TIME!"
"Dinner Time"
"I'm not going to bite you..."
"Nature is awesome - fish eagle snatching a young crocodile"
"Not sure if repost....Funny nontheless."
"Its my birthday  this is how I feel when someone writes on my facebook wall."
"When I am told to &quot;Jump on that mounted gun!&quot;"
"When I saw r/atheism had 1 000 000 subscribers"
"Kitty just wanted a snack"
"Brass balls"
"My new dreads!"
"O.O"
"I see your long hair and raise whatever the hell this is supposed to be"
"Human platypus"
"Weekend before midterms/finals"
"SOMETHING IS AFOOT"
"I've mastered your earthly sport. Now I must go  my people need me."
"Scariest waterslide ever?"
"This is just terrible... [gif]"
"When Call Me Maybe comes on the radio"
"Do My Dance"
"It finally happened..."
"wat"
"My favorite gif of all time  so far"
"When the cat won't leave my room...."
"The sad truth about student metal fans..."
"Pikachu is a Creep"
"A day."
"Open mic night."
"haha...no wonder I'm single"
"close enough"
"Wat."
"How we all feel when reddit is down and it finally comes back"
"I'm just saying"
"What i think of when i hear of Canada"
"Epic robot Santa"
"I don't know what this is  but it lightened my mood for the day"
"A rebuttal."
"So much cocaine"
"My Favorite gif Ever"
"Lighter being lit in slow motion closeup (HD)"
"I found this on my dorm room ceiling with a blacklight. Anyone know what it means?"
"Please just go!"
"Way more that &quot;Just some dudes&quot; playing with puppets. These men have helped billions of kids to read across the globe."
"Oh god what..."
"The Story of a Lolita Slave Trader [NSFL]"
"The most fucked up thing I've ever read. What the actual fuck."
"Sex Dolls. Cringeworthy."
"Tattooed Lady - 1907"
"Who knew black men loved scooters?"
"My best buddy's little brother said this directly to me  shall I stop him or let him do it?"
"Gif is irrelephant"
"Buzz Lightyear stars as Butt Tightrear..."
"To infinity and behind!"
"Please explain"
"Nana never liked Daddy  anyway."
"The unbroken seal on King Tut's Tomb"
"When my friend is laughing and I'm trying my best to stay serious"
"Boss asked me to work late today"
"Whenever I see a gruesome gory description to a NSFW link"
"Every time someone refers to their birthday as a cakeday"
"When I'm he only one not high and the pieces are getting put away [3]"
"Me  when that Sarah McLachlan animal rescue PSA comes on"
"How my girlfriend reacted when I told her I was having a sizable lan at our house on friday."
"Banksy Street Art as GIFs"
"Banksy Street Art as GIFs"
"Just a photo of Queen Elizabeth II firing a machine gun"
"The ark is full.."
"How I feel when new a Redditor's first post makes the front page."
"When your friend asks if you want to go see a movie with him and his girlfriend Friday night ..."
"Holy shit"
"Hitler cat"
"have i ever told you i love zelda..."
"Aww  a baby!"
"Oh my God  I'm flying..."
"A brief history of space &amp; duckface"
"I don't care. Duckface GTFO!"
"What the ..?"
"It all makes sense now."
"Guys. I swear that shits true. No bullshit.... It waaazz crasazay mutha fuckin walked on wAter"
"Looks like someone had a little too much to drink last night."
"Nazi robot chainsaw flamethrower"
"The only times I browse 4chan  shit like this is posted."
"Wow... just wow [PIC]"
"I had this idea a long time ago... bullshit."
"Speed dating"
"That's the closest thing to a real werewolf I've ever seen. Warning Gore"
"BEST. TOY. EVER. [Fixed]"
"Gets me every time."
"Because fuck working"
"WTF Ronaldo"
"Spideronaldo-man"
"No  Iran."
"Rat King"
"[X-post from /r/AnimalsWithoutNecks] Brd!"
"This is what I want to do to the next person that makes a racist joke."
"Let's poop fun shapes!"
"I've seen many weird toys  but this is by far the weirdest."
"Poopy time"
"4chan admins clearly love Reddit (x-post from 4/4chan)."
"Engineering flowchart."
"Every time I use Self-Checkout [Fixed]"
"My reaction to when there was a fire alarm in the middle of my school's bake sale."
"Restless leg syndrome"
"&gt;:o"
"Poor sock"
"Conventional logic vs. Religious logic"
"Halloween showdown"
"Argument: Won."
"Dear Mr Haberny..."
"To all you haters out there..."
"What does reddit think of MY cooking skills?"
"Jesus was here."
"Searching Jeff Goldblum  ran into this"
"Happy Birthday Jeff Goldblum!"
"D-D-D-Drop the bass!"
"As someone who recently found out is getting divorced  this is how I felt"
"There it goes..."
"i miss it sometimes"
"I could watch this all day"
"How I feel being asked &quot;relationship questions&quot; by my GF"
"This is not how i remember Arthur..."
"Black Hitler"
"The beginning of something wonderful"
"The beginning of something wonderful"
"LSD..."
"Reddit...."
"Sunday Morning"
"Your disguise fools nobody."
"They see me rollin'..."
"Playing with the kids"
"My sex face"
"Worst suicide pact ever"
"The difference between men and women [fb]"
"I wasn't a believer until I saw him for myself"
"I see Jebus in this anus..."
"Wasn't a believer until I saw him for myself"
"Bert"
"Anytime I see a [deleted] comment on reddit."
"Caffeine [pic]"
"So this happened."
"definitely the man lolz"
"How I thought my cake day would go -&gt; how it actually went"
"Malaysian Spiderman saves everyone [Fixed]"
"Meanwhile in Zionist media (BBC  CNN  ABC  FOX  SKY etc) they are photoshopping Syria to fool you."
"Its Popeye The Sailor Man"
"Snooki pregnant? Her son's reaction when he watches Jersey Shore for the first time."
"I could watch this all day [FIXED]"
"In honor of Jersey shore being cancelled  I'd like to remind everyone of the most satisfying moment on TV regarding this show."
"Like if you love jesus"
"Dat kiki"
"It's my cakeday IRL  so here's a rainbow cat gif"
"Getting a call from my guy after waiting long"
"Falcon Punch!"
"Another reason to support women's rights"
"Seth Rogen gets it right."
"Wow  this is depressing"
"tasty boogers"
"This is how Slim Jims are made."
"So you want to see my power..!!"
"Excuse me"
"How I feel when a post I downvoted in &quot;new&quot; is on the front page"
"Somewhere  over the rainbow."
"Remember this guy..."
"Funny underwater dogs"
"How I felt when my ex told me she just had a baby (She's 20!)"
"Like a boss"
"Gangsta Rap!"
"Cause if you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it"
"A house"
"geological architecture"
"A massive plate of mushrooms  oh and a Rabbit eating pasta."
"Why We Should Not Hold Religion In High Regard"
"Cancelled."
"I don't think you can make me laugh"
"our hero Gaben was the main character in this game!"
"RE:AKA every episode of the Big Bang Theory"
"I would like to take a moment to remember one of the greatest pics ever- Stoner dog birthday."
"Today's my birthday and I felt like posting this"
"Nature at its cutest."
"Aww  stop it  mom!"
"That's the spot!"
"I told my girlfriend I had downloaded a new app on her IPAD. Nailed it"
"Gold painted rocks"
"Where do you rank?"
"So I sez to da broad..."
"Haha So We Meet AGAIN!!!"
"So tell me again why you didn't just buy a laptop?"
"Possible new Phoenix Wright game?!"
"the awkward moment when your friend's &quot;fat arm&quot; makes you look naked - Imgur"
"I wear fur."
"So  what are you going to do about it?"
"Explaining a Man's Decision Process"
"roadkill cat toy. as usual  japanese."
"A truly WTF toy."
"3...2...1.. GO!"
"Me at work all day today."
"Not sure I want that poster..."
"How I felt when I received my new camera lens yesterday..."
"Have some nostalgia."
"One for every occasion"
"One is not like the others"
"Damn  those beets are fresh..."
"Didn't really want it in the first place."
"Pelicans: Natures Quitters"
"Freeze  bitch!"
"Carl Sagan responds to those who say they've been abducted by aliens"
"AAAHHH!!!"
"Jerry Seinfeld"
"Ron Swanson without a moustache. Mind blown"
"Saw this on walk home a few days ago. Not sure if serious or just seriously joking."
"you are flawless and I love you!"
"how sweet!"
"Don't listen to them!"
"Don't be like Dick!"
"Frank Zappa with his cute derpy cat."
"took this picture of a goat and came up with this"
"Really high sheep"
"Who said that?!"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"Shark Protection? here ya go!"
"Hitler with tits"
"All I can say is wow... read the tattoo. Story is he lost both legs and one arm  no source to verify."
"After all the panic here in Virginia."
"So fresh. So clean."
"Following up from the success (or lack of) of my Replica Ark yesterday  I decided today to part the Red sea.. Exactly as it really happened for Moses."
"iOS bummer (x-post from r/pics)"
"London transport caters for those with iOS 6"
"London Underground kicks Apple while it's down"
"Scumbag ESPN"
"Scumbag Guinness World Records"
"I'm actually jealous of you"
"The reason I can't find another job."
"Just My Luck"
"Every time I see something Avengers related that ends in spoilers"
"Microscopic image of a butterfly tongue."
"Louis CK's dream has come to reality!"
"Yo Dawg  I hear . . ."
"Bloke that looks like a thumb. (might be a re-post)"
"Hi I'm Jesus Christ..."
"So it was all a show..."
"I googled &quot;How do I kill reddit&quot;..."
"Apple vs Samsung in the classroom during a test"
"The kitten and the toast"
"Christian instruction goes urban"
"I found racism of every flavour in Colombia"
"Emma Watson is hawt."
"FTFY: Olympic divers mid-dive."
"Divers Faces. (In spirit of the 2012 Olympics)."
"Olympic divers mid-dive."
"spanish bold treatment"
"Soup of the Day"
"How I feel browsing WTF."
"WTFSNAKE"
"This picture is 100% natural. Not graphically altered."
"Selgas Cano Architectural Office in Madrid"
"Star Wars Episode IV new action figures announced - Aunt Beru &amp; Uncle Owen"
"When I get home and dinner is on the table"
"Hearing Taylor Swift's new song &quot;22&quot; for the first time on my 22nd birthday"
"This is a magnificent surgical technique called The Groin Flap"
"You Are Not Your Mom's Favorite"
"MissKick"
"Beautiful"
"Otter hug"
"Oh Grover  you never got over Elmo stealing the spotlight."
"I now play a game where you type random letters after the URL on imgur and see the results. This has been my favourite so far."
"How I feel when I type a long word and there is no red squiggly line under it"
"Billy Madison gif- Did this to my husband when I finally figured out how to do my psychometrics homework (3 hours later)"
"It's my cake day. Have an image of a star breeding ground in the Carina Nebula that has nothing to do with atheism."
"Suicide Girls (Pre-photoshop)"
"007"
"This photo cracks me up"
"Shit like this  creationists."
"Marriage"
"Feels good man..."
"European ads are so much better than North American ones."
"How I imagine what it feels like to make the front page."
"What I've done at work so far."
"I'm sick of fish"
"How I feel after getting no upvotes"
"Never Again!"
"The ThrowYo"
"Bane sans mask."
"How I feel having to work today"
"The Seamonster [5184x3456]"
"Dog vs Turtle..."
"Ouch"
"01 calls missed"
"My face when I heard about CISPA"
"I never believed all the posts that said everything in Australia will kill you until my local news showed this."
"Aggressive elderly lesbians don't muck about with pickup lines."
"Best high five ever!!!"
"He ran so far just to meet a girl like you"
"&quot;I love you  Mommy.&quot;"
"When me and my buddies walk into the club."
"People who get mad about down votes."
"Whenever I get upvotes more than 24 hours after a post."
"she scared me half to death with this pic  my friend printed it and woke me up ans shoved it my face.... enjoy......"
"You might think this was photoshopped but it's not. (proof video in comments)"
"Well shit  if we're talking about games we used to play in school..."
"Seems like everytime someone waves at me"
"Trying To Find Victorias Secret"
"Yep  I definetly should"
"Then this innocent man would still have his arm"
"We've all thought about it"
"Student's life"
"Look who i ran into today"
"I'll just leave this right here..."
"Finally a Legitimate Excuse to Stare...."
"Gaben is working on something..."
"A Magical Unicorn"
"Makes me laugh harder every time I watch it"
"Why nobody should like dubst..ep.. I mean Skrillex. Epic Beardyman Impression"
"Why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"Smee Again!"
"First photo from the set of Iron Man 3."
"Being my actual cakeday  this is what I'm aiming to be"
"The Four Stages of Life (A Shirt)"
"Politics meets Star Wars."
"Darth User"
"Apple sues Hurricane Sandy for copying Apple Maps"
"If you thought overly attached girlfriend was creepy before..."
"Things to Say During Sex"
"Things to say during sex."
"How I feel celebrating my cake day 24 hours into studying abroad in Spain"
"I don't know what to call this work."
"The Sponge Man"
"reflection ..."
"My mom decided not to drag me to church this Easter"
"Getting through Fathers Day without a surprise from the GF"
"Walking into the office after not seeing my boss' car in the parking lot."
"Every Morning"
"There's a handsome guy in my house!"
"Man arrested during haircut"
"How I imagine the overall theme of my prom will be tonight"
"Why do I find this so funny?"
"No! I must dance!"
"I raise your dancing Scruffy w/ a dancing Billy"
"That is a good advice..."
"Summary of all the political knowledge on my newsfeed yesterday"
"Absolutely Amazing"
"Did this town came from space?"
"Disco."
"One of the most brilliant minds ever turns 54 today. Happy Birthday Neil deGrasse Tyson!!!"
"Why  god? Why?"
"What Rihanna's background on SNL reminded me of."
"Something I saw in school today"
"WTF tattoo"
"Stupid Tattoo: This woman's sex life is gone (nsfw)"
"When they came for pussy riot I said nothing."
"Finally done with my finals  this is the only way I can describe the feeling."
"The dance keeps him safe..."
"let me show you the song of my people."
"Dedicated clothing store employee"
"Great hiding spot... they'll never find me here!"
"When I'm 70..............I'll feel the same way about cops too."
"Fuck you  Flowers [pic]"
"Rage"
"flowers"
"Yeah Flowers!"
"Renewable Energy ??"
"Squirrel got his head stuck"
"Stevie all grown up."
"Never mix up your medications."
"Hammock Boat"
"Portable Atrocities!"
"ye old pocket monstrosities"
"I hope that karma strikes on this horrible woman"
"Survival of the Fittest"
"One of the few gifs that actually make me cringe."
"Just an old advertisement for a 1 GHz CPU  fastest &quot;Street-Legal&quot; CPU of all time"
"Reposts on Reddit"
"How reddit feels about reposts"
"How I feel after clicking &quot;comments&quot; on a post."
"Finally! The book &quot;How to Understand Women&quot; has been published."
"Meanwhile in the NYC Subway..."
"I'm not fat.."
"Brainwashing (xpost)"
"That escalated quickly."
"Google is finally giving me the recognition I deserve! Any ideas for my acceptance speech?"
"I could stare at this for hours on end"
"Everything you will ever know on TV"
"Googled weirdest thing ever. Was not dissapointed"
"Lemme RDJ My Fur Back..."
"Misty Mountain Meadow"
"Over the hills and far away"
"Dragons"
"Back Up Now!!!"
"First!"
"The original EpicMealTime."
"The Reddit Avenger!"
"Satellite captures day and night"
"My Exact Face When A Comic Of Mine Got 140 Upovotes"
"when i see something on r/aww"
"not sure if adorable or evil..."
"This situation was handled well. A small example that we are not violent people. (X-post r/facepalm)"
"Hanging around.."
"How the world was created"
"When you're &quot;asleep&quot; and two virgins start having loud sex next to you"
"Googled Michael Jackson  not disappointed."
"What you want on da cake?"
"[HIFW] i get blue screen of death while writing a paper..."
"Found the perfect place for this"
"SPOILER: the ending to The Dark Knight Rises"
"The True Inspiration for The Dark Knight Rises Ending"
"'Ey mate! Where da hell are you goin'?"
"Amazing hotel infinity pool somewhere in the east."
"YES!"
"My dad sent me an email saying he had discounted iPads....."
"ridin' dirty"
"face swap level: creepy"
"Star Wars meets HIMYM"
"If Jupiter were as close to the Earth as our Moon  this is what our sky would look like..."
"Why hello there  ladies."
"Oh  Johnny Bravo."
"After getting a new kind of tree from my dealer  this pretty much sums up my night."
"Soon ill kill u  just wait ..."
"When my teacher lectures too fast"
"How I feel seeing r/WTF posts lately"
"how i feel over hearing people's arguments and everyone is extremely wrong"
"Im just glad im normal"
"So my friend's rabbit loved pulling his blanket."
"Douche bag Dumbeldore"
"Whenever my crush laughs at one of my jokes"
"Feel the love!"
"Such a loving relationship"
"Hey reddit  look what my girlfriend made me."
"Repost Haters"
"How to Spot a Criminal"
"Lemme show you how it's done"
"Isn't it enough?"
"Be this guy."
"Best of both (third) worlds..."
"I figured reddit deserved a guinea pig disguised as a baked potato"
"Realizing it's my cake day. Then realizing my cake day is September 11th."
"Found this recently  and it gets posted on everyone's Facebook wall on their birthday."
"Science Fail followed by Science Win"
"Mexican gang victim (Gore - NSFW/NSFL)"
"This is going to make billions."
"... That. Is. Awesome!!!!"
"How I feel trying to click Short titled links from my smartphone"
"I relate to this when I'm asked to lead a statistics study group."
"As a plumber  this is my reaction to most &quot;blocked toilet&quot; calls."
"True anarchy (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Well  that was a poor choice of words."
"Just an owl wearing oversized glasses. What of it?"
"anything is made more delightful with a tophat and a monacle"
"I'm sorry Reddit  I failed you. I laughed at this. (His Face at the end)"
"Searched Google for &quot;unconventional wedding photo&quot;"
"Dale with it."
"Tough Guy"
"Male-Dominated Cultures."
"About cultures"
"faces of a coin"
"male domination"
"WTF am I looking at?"
"By playing Imgur Roulette  I found this GIF of a dog playing with a hairdryer (or sort of)."
"OSX Lion"
"Why do you masturbate? (pie chart)"
"How it felt when I got home and saw that I got some upvotes."
"TIPS-N-TRICKS"
"When I realize I spent my whole summer playing games."
"A new meaning to 'hole in one' [NSFW]"
"butt butt golf... (NSFW!!!)"
"People's reaction when it snows in NY in October."
"Me in the passenger seat when my wife is merging onto the freeway (x/r/gifs)"
"My face when I realized I missed my cake day"
"I shaved myself with a razor for the first time today"
"What is he saying??"
"I do not care that this is a repost  if I could watch this all day  I would."
"This is a full grown Golden Retriever-Cocker Spaniel Mix. It looks like a puppy for its whole life!"
"One more kiss before he goes."
"Hey guys...where's the gym leader?"
"Story of my Mario Kart life [FIXED]"
"Tl;dr"
"Dutch flowers."
"Troll level: Predator"
"Luke  I am your... You know what!"
"HIFW a girl wants a massage and I try to sneak a boob touch"
"Ladies and Gentleman  Sonic the Hedgehog"
"Midget Camel relay...is this a thing?"
"Oh you!"
"How I imagine it feels to reach the front page"
"Fishcam + Tree = Trippy"
"Jesus on Foreskin"
"Damn it man  just sin!"
"Domino Pyramid Falling."
"NO! no no no no NO!"
"This must have hurt so much"
"What could possibly go wrong? (x-post /funny)"
"Woke up realizing tomorrow is Monday"
"How every guy in college view incoming freshman girls"
"Oh  Bill..."
"Typical"
"Realizing I just got burned."
"Fuck this shit."
"Fuck this. I'm out"
"It takes balls to dress like this... our maybe a vagina"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Squirtles"
"Troll kid"
"This looks like an AWESOME party"
"I don't care where this was taken but if I ever have to stay in a place that gets this fucking cold  this fucking quick  I'm leaving."
"Ant rainbow"
"Well today i noticed i used to use penises as smiley faces as a young teen =D"
"When people ask me if I'm single"
"At least babies don't have seeds"
"Satan's Slave. [x-post from r/atheism]"
"The Most Astounding Fact..."
"I have been looking for this for a while! I saw it on FB and my friend told me its from here which is why I joined in the first place. It really linked a lot of my ideas about how I believe the universe works after I first started dropping my religion 4 years ago as a senior in high school"
"Mom  I just really need to focus on my art right now"
"Whenever I try to fix my hair in public"
"I bet she does"
"Damon Lindelof  I am disappointed."
"Cozy night in takes an unexpected turn"
"My all-time favorite gif. &quot;EXPLAIN THIS BULLSHIT!&quot;"
"The new popular boy band!"
"Twitter Reactions  wtf America?"
"Pig Lips"
"Just some musical bugs"
"&quot;Menacing&quot; red panda cub (x-post from r/aww)"
"If this isn't WTF  then I don't know what is [NSFW]"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"How I would feel as a male submitting to r/gonewild"
"Is it just me  or does this picture of Romney have infinite potential?"
"I'm okay with this"
"The latest 4chan meetup"
"How I really feel every time I upvote something..."
"Anyone else remember going into fits of rage because of this game?"
"&quot;I'll shoot a text.&quot;"
"I must go  my people need me!"
"x-post from r/funny pro-life retort from FB"
"Thought r/atheism would appreciate this [x-post /r/pics]"
"The key to unlimited karma [NSFRL]"
"Seriously...? What the fuck."
"Knock  knock..."
"How my father looks when he tries to get in my room"
"HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERE'S JIMMY!"
"Taking pics is serious business"
"Bill Murray"
"Looked up &quot;Asian ginger&quot; on google..."
"What 4chan thinks of ragecomics [NSFW]"
"Deal with it"
"Bitch please  I'm fabulous !"
"Meanwhile in Australia [Fixed]"
"Meanwhile In Australia [FIXED]"
"Boom (x-post from r/pics)"
"Boom (x-post r/pics)"
"Redditor installs lights in toilet  says it's from the sun hoping you'll light up the orange arrow."
"WWII Bomber Wind Tunnel"
"So this showed up at the top of my Facebook feed."
"how i feel after a week on google plus."
"I missed my cake day by 3 days"
"The Feast"
"Like boobs? Like cats? Like cats that like boobs!"
"Two of the manliest men the world will ever know"
"My mother told me she threw away all my lego's..."
"When I overheard someone say Resident Evil 6 was better than 4."
"Father  son and an elephant"
"Googled Mustache...."
"Captain Jack Sparrow"
"Taste the Rainbow"
"Whenever I see a Nazi pun thread."
"Sometimes farts betray us all."
"Well... You know you wanted it."
"Friend was officially asked to be a photographer at the DNC. This is their fb post after asking to be credited for the photos they used."
"MFW I saw a female friend in a porno on youjizz...."
"So I looked up &quot;Stock Photo wtf&quot; on google images..."
"So thats what happened."
"Samuel L. Sharkson"
"Oh I'm Sorry  Did I Break Your Concentration?!"
"I know how much you guys like this guy"
"Your move Atheists"
"Well... why didn't I think of that?"
"*Face palm*"
"Oops!"
"The Domino Effect"
"Hey..."
"I'll let it slide this time..."
"Found this little gem in bar's bathroom last weekend"
"Dubstep Cat"
"Skrillex Cat"
"Bathrooms"
"Feeling when thinking of presidential candidates."
"Don't do it Pat"
"As an American  this is what I feel every professional European Football game is like"
"This is why I always have to think 5 seconds before pressing the X button"
"How I feel after getting a haircut"
"When you wear a new outfit and feel great in it"
"Squirrel shielding itself from the snow"
"Your nose is my bed now  kay?"
"r/aww"
"Atheist Cat"
"atheist cat"
"Reddit described in one comic."
"Vegetableception"
"This isn't unusual"
"Gotham's Reckoning..."
"All true gamers experience this at a party!"
"My reaction to cake day numero uno"
"Just Nicholas Cage as Andre the Giant."
"Years come and go  things change  you mature  but you never forget your first..."
"Did anyone else start their online gaming career with this gem?"
"Never disliking a video again..."
"The best one I've seen so far."
"Rope jumping"
"Electricity isn't out. It's just taking a break"
"A big 'Fuck You' from Mother Nature"
"Right Back At'cha God."
"A very classy point  1Ds Fuck Buddy"
"All of my lolz  the face at the end"
"His name is Kenny Omega"
"Between the Earth and sky  do the giants rise and fall. (photographer's page and other works in comments)"
"Like a BOSS!"
"how my cat is chilin?"
"Trying to downvote a repost on /r/new"
"My frickin' favourite captioned picture ever."
"Some guys just have all the luck."
"Happy Ho Ho!"
"Pidgey fainted"
"F-art (xpost from r/pics)"
"Just a pretty cool statue"
"Not sure if /art or /funny"
"Jim [FIXED]"
"Martial Arts Style: Assrape"
"Me and r/pics lately"
"Wish you were here"
"The New Illuminati"
"Today's plans:"
"Every sunday morning..."
"Best days"
"I'm a gamer because I don't have a life"
"Like a sir"
"Feast your eyes on the urechis unicinctus aka the penis fish"
"Murphy's Law in full effect"
"Oscar's 420 realization"
"Just a happy baby hippo."
"Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry playing chess"
"I saw this on somebodies facebook. They are using this for them now. *facepalm*"
"How Riot came up with Draven after Darius"
"This must be what the meetings are like at InfinityWard."
"I was browsing Google Images For Asian Albino when I found this......"
"Back to school? Just what I need!"
"so what kinda school is this..."
"Where the hell do they send their kids to school???"
"Back to school?"
"Back to school."
"What the..."
"What in the flying fuck"
"Oh your dog can play dead?"
"Sounds about right..."
"iPhone10"
"Headline of the day."
"Photo of the Year   Surfer Magazine(x-post from Waterporn)"
"The Energy of Life"
"Saw this on Facebook... Mind blown"
"I've been...expecting you..."
"Sums up 4chan"
"Now that exams are over"
"double headshot!"
"Icecream"
"I'm gonna go out on a limb here and guess this link gets clicked a lot."
"Damn I ate too much..."
"How sharing your stuff feels sometimes"
"Cuteness FTW"
"This was on my newsfeed  I thought it would be appreciated here."
"Guess I'll just sleep over here then."
"Think of the children."
"I can't stop watching this"
"This little guy"
"My dog's just chilling"
"Hey man  fuck crust"
"Foreplay after 10 years of marriage."
"Let the door stopper posts begin...."
"Little pricker and a girl with glasses."
"The new homepage of reddit"
"No poops. No oops."
"outside? [for the WTF community]"
"In the spirit of Dark Knight"
"A Conference Of Musical Notation"
"The Staff Meeting"
"I wonder what he is dreaming about..."
"I rarely tweet cute stuff  but when i do its adorable"
"So comfy"
"Great Idea.."
"How i feel downvoting karma whores on r/new"
"Got it."
"Whenever I hear about Hurricane Sandy  this is all I can picture..."
"Fus-Roh-Legoooo!"
"Scariest butterfly skull you'll see this Halloween  yes that was a challenge"
"To all &quot;my SO this / my SO that&quot; posts"
"And they say too much liquor is a bad thing...."
"Seems Legit."
"To do list"
"Optical Illusion"
"Mr. Bones Wild Ride (Part 1)"
"Camel Thorn Trees  Namibia"
"This is 100% real photo. No editing done to it. (xpost from pics)"
"Deal Wit-"
"Idiots"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"I would love to know why people think Stephen Hawking is so smart..."
"Just about to make some history"
"Ballon Rodent"
"They're so excited for their food!"
"Shut up legs!"
"Mouth says eat  legs say no..."
"I love the shit  now what? look on the cats face at the end"
"U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama react to the Queen's fly ass ride arriving at Winfield House in London..."
"Extreme Closeup !!"
"So  I googled 'little sister'..."
"Someone corrects my spelling..."
"This is what Mount Rushmore was supposed to look like  before they ran out of funding."
"Sculptor Gutzon Borglum and his original scale model for Mt. Rushmore"
"Magic and Monocles."
"I ain't so crazy..."
"I can't believe it is a perfect fit."
"Its my birthday - I can feel agonizing excitement!"
"Nerves what nerves?"
"Sweaters for Penguins Affected by New Zealand Oil Spill - Imgur"
"Women and cats..."
"All that's missing is a delicious piece of bacon."
"I Googled Welcome to the Internet...."
"How I feel about Confession Bear"
"when you go against the hive-mind"
"Sensei rabbit"
"What I think of when someone mentions &quot;Sandy&quot;"
"Dark Side Condom."
"NOL (Nope'd Out Loud)"
"So  this is what it looks like at the top of the Empire State Building"
"Dear god  what have you DONE?"
"Dat dropkick"
"I would've married this woman so hard."
"Introducing our newest bundle of joy! [fb]"
"My first time browsing r/gonewild"
"After the third page of gonewild"
"Get on ChatRoulette  not sure what I'm looking at...and then it hits me."
"My first encounter in the wild(facebook)... Still can't believe it's serious."
"It's no belief and it's not magic"
"Mother of the year"
"Whenever I hear about this hurricane coming"
"This belongs here"
"The evolution of the Nintendo game controllers!"
"Russian Ironman [Fixed]"
"This is frickin' delicious!"
"I just wuv you so much."
"Nonchalantly surfing through reddit and realizing it’s my first cake day"
"Mt Roraima  Brasil......Astounding"
"Made yet another downvote gif"
"A meme... about a meme... added to a meme. #winning"
"Just saw this giant NOPE posted to Facebook. NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"How I Roll..."
"Mark Twain on trolls"
"Well i guess this is normal"
"When I'm single  and listen to my friends talk about their relationships."
"Oh hi"
"Smile for the camera!"
"So true!"
"This drives me absolutely nuts"
"My boyfriend is currently having this problem."
"Every time I see theists arguing...."
"This is war"
"Julia Roberts [NSFW]"
"Anitgravity !"
"A Bad Moutherfucker."
"If Fox News had been there  throughout history"
"If I had a dollar for everytime a redditor found gold on facebook"
"[SPOILERS] Dammit  someone beat me to the downvote gif. Here's mine though."
"Still makes my day better."
"My reaction when I see something new on Reddit.."
"To all the dry ents out there."
"When I watch from across the map as a teammate is running away at half health from the entire enemy team"
"Training fail"
"seahorse birth"
"How I feel about American politics at this point."
"Don't mess with coke  Pepsi!"
"what its like when I go down on a girl."
"Me going down on a girl"
"Go for the three count"
"Vegan porn (SFW)"
"Not a single fuck was given  until he touched that ass."
"Foot binding"
"Fear not..."
"I...I just...."
"How my drawings have impoved since I was 13 to 22."
"Its just perfect. I know its been used before  but its perfect"
"Million dollar seat"
"A young Christopher Walken"
"I have always considered myself a straight man. Suddenly I'm not so sure. Christopher Walken."
"Gervais on Athiesm"
"Camacho 2012. Somebody you can believe in."
"Grand Canyon Lightning storm  worth a re-visit"
"I've made a huge mistake."
"Just found this in my /pics folder."
"Stumbled on this...had myself a chuckle"
"Calvin and Hobbes explain corporations"
"Fucking Scorpions."
"First time ?"
"Soo much WTF dr phill"
"Naturally happy looking."
"When my schoolmates see me doing something weird"
"Let me clean that out for you."
"Chick With No Clothes On and Pussy"
"Logging late at night to find a new trophy  other than the &quot;verified mail&quot;."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Apparently honesty isn't the best policy"
"Oh yeah  right there"
"this made my day"
"I'm a good citizen  I'm a good father  I recycle  and I masturbate."
"Louis CK: Comedian  Masturbator"
"Prohibited"
"Prohibited"
"Trapped Nature - Really cool art installation"
"Preservation."
"Move over condescending Wonka. Meet condescending Lesula  a new species of monkey just discovered."
"This Easter Remember ..."
"Another bus troll."
"All these muscle ads"
"Boromir"
"Is God Great?"
"Wise Words by an Man who lived over 2300 years ago"
"SHARE THE LOAD"
"My only question about Beyonce's lip synced anthem..."
"HIFW I end a debate with a one-liner."
"Taken down like a boss."
"Captain Castle Crasher Picard"
"WELL? What do you have to say for yourself?"
"Tell me this is fake and people like this don't really exist. FB."
"Dogs taking animal fitness to a new level"
"I guess the fashion police are cracking down on mom jeans."
"Globe Fire Pit"
"Some Men Just Want to Watch the World Burn"
"Hahaha"
"If you walk without rhythm  you won't attract the worm."
"this was posted to my friends timeline. WTF"
"Best burrito ever"
"Bruce Lee plays ping pong with nunchucks like a boss"
"USA and their weather balloons..."
"When I see a mosquito on my friend's shoulder (x-post from reactiongifs)"
"Should have been flagged for excessive celebration"
"I spent all year trying to find something funny to post for my first cake day...."
"what (NSFW)"
"the burbs"
"silly turtle what are you doing"
"FUCK THIS SHIT"
"Party Hard"
"How I feel when there's a repost on the front page"
"Does what ever a spider CAN !!!! GET IT?!??"
"When someone tries to finish my sentence"
"He almost blends in with the couch..."
"Every time someone complains about a repost."
"President Barack Obama is not impressed either"
"sometimes you just can't beat the original"
"How I put parmesan on my food when I'm at home away from the judgmental eyes of the wait staff."
"The power to say no when everyone says yes"
"It's The Ciiiiirrcle of Liiiiiii — SHIT!"
"Childhood ruined"
"Simba!!"
"Proud dog after finding a lost 3 year old"
"Poster ad for the Canadian Paralympics"
"Grumpy cat is not grumpy"
"Smile Dammit"
"Happy hardcore dancing animals"
"PED"
"Woah! That's a huge...wait  huh?"
"baby deer"
"This was my instrument of choice  when i was a child."
"THEY'RE SO FURRY!"
"The world seen from Norway."
"How I feel after having a conversation with a girl and not embarrassing myself."
"Fuck Suicide!"
"4chan on feeling suicidal - downright inspirational."
"Pull start V.S. electric start"
"R2Datass2"
"Elevator at a [6]+"
"The Chinese have figured out what Twilight really is about."
"Youtube comments can brighten your day sometimes..."
"Nature's Toothbrush"
"History of Game Controllers"
"TAG  YOU'RE IT!"
"Me  chasing my dreams."
"Finally installed my new printer"
"The world's largest salt flat is located in Uyuni  Bolivia. During the rainy season  it turns into the world's largest mirror."
"Oh... Okay..."
"He's going to jump"
"&quot;Oh hey man didn’t see you there how’s it goi-&quot; &quot;BLAWUHGLAUHGLAUH&quot;"
"That's an interesting gun....oh shiii...."
"So I'm just going to help myself to some of your water."
"Fly  you fools!"
"Santa Clause is coming to town"
"You think he can stop?"
"cute little owl"
"Everest"
"gigantic cat with its master of world dominion."
"A little Jesus comic I made in High School (repost from r/ImGoingToHellForThis)"
"Still leaves me at a loss for words. &quot;As he burned he never moved a muscle  never uttered a sound  his outward composure in sharp contrast to the wailing people around him.&quot;"
"Ateithists  if there no god why do mamals pray to him? Answer me this  god haters."
"So  what's the speed limit for buses in USA? Match 2?"
"My Thinking Spot."
"Para despertarse...  Risa (en NSFW) NSFW!!!"
"Assassination done right."
"What I want to do when people disrupt an interesting class."
"Drive-thru..."
"Don't even know what to say..."
"You don't brush like this  you no man"
"A sci-fi horror for cat owners"
"As a minority  getting into a reddit discussion about racism."
"Send Link..."
"Just a fluff-nugget."
"Prince: The Early Years"
"Sometimes it seems like I was dealt a bad hand"
"Judgement Day is here (xpost r/atheism)"
"I can't even... So ... Freakin... Cute"
"Just gonna take a shi.. NOPE.NOPE.NOPE.NOPE"
"Ein Derpen"
"Gary Busey Creepin'"
"Mother Russia likes the Discotech"
"Low five!"
"Cosplay Girls Of The Day"
"Now that's advertising."
"It's my cake day so i thought I'd cash in on an inappropriate picture (:"
"Blink"
"LARPing was just begging for sound"
"How I felt before heading to the Red Mountain for the final battle"
"Meanwhile  in Japan"
"Facepalm"
"I think I just teared up a little...."
"Father/Halloween Costume (found on my friend's facebook)"
"I bought this game almost exclusively for the FFXII demo. Little did I know I was in for one of the greatest RPG's ever."
"Soon..."
"Don't bread your stupidity."
"I'm new to this portion of reddit  so I have no idea if this is in the wrong place  but I saw this on FB and I think maybe reddit can help to get the word out. What do you guys say?"
"Not a bad idea  but I think reddit could execute it better than facebook."
"I like Wiz Khalifa"
"They are taking Carrie Underwood far too seriously"
"Dat ass (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Batman  The Weekend."
"Seems legit..."
"&quot;With the technology of today  everything is possible&quot;"
"Woman claims 3D porn got her pregnant"
"The sequel that I have been waiting almost 10 years for"
"Young Karl Marx."
"Australian Peacock Spider"
"Motorcycle hits suv head on"
"Neat motorcycle stunt"
"Jetpacking squirrels."
"Killstreak logic"
"Just a micro-piglet hugging a strawberry"
"Saw this on WTF reddit  made me chuckle"
"Like a boss"
"Bacon Crossbones"
"Not exactly what he was planning..."
"The Evolution of Mankind."
"It's tough being the CEO of Reddit. [FIXED]"
"Business pussy"
"Bee handler"
"I abide all of this"
"Two new GTA V screenshots."
"New GTA V Screenshots"
"New GTA V Screenshots"
"So I looked up piercings on Google Images  and this was the first result.."
"So that's why I felt funny this morning..."
"Watching my parents use a computer"
"Sweet Baby Jesus on a Grill - Imgur"
"Double moose hit !"
"double moose hit (xpost /r/Gifs)."
"Some shit is about to go down"
"Where did she put the case of beer!?"
"Best game art ever"
"Where to put your Pokeballs"
"Why does this exist"
"The letters of the day are &quot;A&quot; and &quot;K&quot;"
"Hyper realistic art; Moghadishu rebels"
"I figured this should be here (from /funny)"
"Dennis Leary on racism"
"The Bubble Man - Chandra Winsu"
"The day I lost control"
"Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji"
"Animals can be assholes sometimes"
"Cats love it!"
"Should your cat ever feel the urge to become a unicorn"
"cat gets owned"
"Oh Hai  you canz votez for me plz?"
"How I feel when there are way too many r/aww posts on the frontpage."
"How I feel when I want to laugh  but r/aww takes over the front page"
"You don't say..."
"Curiosity made me click /r/spacedicks"
"Ronald Reagan riding a raptor... This belongs here."
"My two favorite men"
"Considerate graffiti"
"ermahgerd"
"What I liken every new Apple product to  these days"
"Who doesn't?"
"How I always feel down voting someones link on their cake day..."
"Cute tiny mouse on a swing"
"Breaking Bad. Now with puppies."
"Kids these days..."
"Romney-Ryan Leading the Charge!!!"
"Better than begging"
"My favourite 'bean scene' in a GIF"
"I know this is a re-post but I can't help but almost die of laughter every time I see it."
"A Reminder to Always Stay Confident"
"Don't piss off a tuba player."
"No title needed"
"Reading the comments in r/gonewild..."
"I laughed at this cookie"
"all i want to do is."
"Very strict requirement for using a toilet."
"Elation"
"Guy plays 90's hits"
"Jim Carrey: The Origin Of The Troll Face."
"Since it's a Blue Moon tonight  I'm going all Out!"
"Time out. Mittens is hungry."
"Spider Man"
"That's what you get for kicking your dog"
"Sesame Street Lebowski"
"Christina Applegate on the religious right"
"Bully from my school.."
"First toke in 2 months. It's good to be back! [9]"
"Kids These Days..."
"Atlanta problems"
"Goth Girl Problems"
"How the hell do you work a handy cam!"
"Everytime we eat.."
"Urkel gliding past Will Smith and Reggie Miller during the 1991 rock n' jock basketball game."
"Possibly the most 90s picture ever taken"
"She miss spelled crack."
"Here WTF  my favorite gif (NSFW)"
"om nom nom.... (NSFW)"
"feed me!"
"Saw this on my news feed..."
"The balls on this guy (fixed) NSFW"
"Comfy spot for a nap"
"Friday."
"Cute Puppy!"
"Jesus on His Death"
"Googled &quot;what is reddit&quot;"
"Life Imitates Art"
"Double Trouble [gif]"
"\m/"
"\m/"
"Can someone explain me what the fuckery is this?"
"Now just what am I looking at."
"420 in your gamertag/psn id?"
"Boop!"
"Dr.Suess what a great children's author...."
"Very tiny baby owl"
"All 1.5 megabytes of it."
"Hey Guys! Look what I found in my basement!"
"To all of you affected by the Reddit downtime.. Ha  I was fine!"
"Who's the Man?"
"Can you help me understand a possible contradiction in Islam?"
"I don't think that is how you pantomime a microphone"
"Getting a new toothbrush and toothpaste"
"When my laptop tells me I have 2 minutes of battery power left."
"The Sun."
"So this is a real movie..."
"Live  damnit  liiiive!"
"Found this bad boy on twitter (from @SeleneKamini) on why Atheists should be kicked out of the US"
"what happens when porn director and actors get high [gif] nsfw"
"Searched &quot;wtf&quot; in google for my cake day. Was not disappointed!"
"It was you the entire time"
"Soon"
"The Reddit God is not appeased"
"When I get hated upon for riding my bicycle within the city"
"Romney  Believe In America"
"Need help with a title for this gem."
"The thug life chose me."
"This song plays every time I poop"
"Elmo wears the tickle belt"
"Elmo is so fresh."
"You will never unsee"
"I think this sums up my introduction to Reddit."
"It had to be done."
"Future in modelling?"
"Catburgers make heads turn."
"Star Bear"
"Mortal combear"
"Saw my friend do this ^^"
"I think grandma is ready to party."
"Grandma doesn't want to share"
"The long and short of the NBA"
"Carpet of Flowers"
"wtf is this?"
"Christianity can be fun."
"Why always Wal-Mart?"
"Found out I am borderline Diabetic  how I feel when I want Sugar"
"Just once."
"a bouncing cube of jello...nothing more"
"Defiantly one of my favorite. BOING!"
"Thats a fuzzy Ass (SFW)"
"You ever hear that one about arguing with a pigeon  Mr. Paine?"
"No words."
"[PIC] Plugged In Like A Boss"
"When Imgur is down..."
"How I think I look when I'm running late to work..."
"fuck this... Shit..."
"Well played Google..."
"Thanks Google for never letting me down!"
"Mayor WTF!"
"Something we can all agree on"
"I don't zinc so"
"After listening to Snoop Lion..."
"Band director catches field goal kick."
"My band director is a bad ass."
"Karate kid is the best"
"That mouth!"
"Screw Doors"
"Japan's latest invention"
"How to blast away the competition at the costume party"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day..."
"Inappropriate Father's Day sale"
"Paranormal Blacktivity"
"Wait for it..."
"I used to be a knight like you"
"Was looking at halloween costumes when suddenly..."
"When I make a typo on Reddit."
"That one day fame on Facebook because it's your birthday"
"How much money do you make while Pooping at work? (There really is an app for everything!)"
"this made me laugh pretty hard"
"Where does the line start?"
"No tongue  please!"
"No  *this* is a Battlestation."
"Shake that!"
"That cat found a wormhole"
"Welcome to the Ocean."
"Me on my cakeday"
"Reflections: space shuttle Atlantis"
"Ordered a bloody mary. Uhm."
"Jupiter and its moon Io. The red dot is a volcano on the moon's surface and the blue cloud is the volcano's emissions"
"vintage Pakistani Airline ad  the irony is killing me"
"Pakistan Airlines Ad from 1979"
"WTF Pakistan International Airline Ad"
"A Beer"
"Sandy blows a trampoline into the power lines."
"Go home  trampoline. You are drunk."
"Lots of fish in the sea"
"Sharks are just cool"
"Japanese fashion  injecting saline into the forehead then pressing for that much sought after Bagel effect."
"Best Portal wallpaper?"
"Tale as old as time  song as old as rhyme..."
"Beauty and the..."
"When you're about to take a flu shot thinking it will hurt."
"Bill Nye delivers"
"Dance like you got it all figured out"
"this could ruin your childhood and the capacity to sleep as well."
"If you're a cop  do you give him a ticket or just laugh your ass off"
"He's the hero that the youtube comment section needs"
"Albino Chimps are adorable."
"pro swat member"
"Job-hunting. This is how it's going. - Imgur"
"It's a matter of taste"
"MGM"
"Flickr: Mchfan14's Photostream"
"This next song goes out to all those Breadittors out there."
"these puns are still hard to swallow (repost)"
"I think this belongs here."
"What I picture when I hear &quot;Friendly Dogs Incoming!&quot;"
"Have some shrimp."
"Many quarters were spent on this"
"What we've learned from Wikileaks"
"Put your finger and aww"
"It's funny because it's true."
"Ultimate Hotbox?"
"This is more funny than it should be."
"God's gift to women?"
"Drink dine dance"
"Guess he's a southpaw."
"The Gotham Horror Picture Show"
"I Believe I Can Fly"
"Hungry and/or horny?"
"My response to Katt Williams and similar creationists"
"Wow. I knew that Ren and Stimpy had a lot of adult jokes but this is ridiculous."
"My favorite picture of Emma Watson [NSFW]"
"As a Batman  this is how I feel about &quot;As a&quot; threads."
"Browsing Reddit for costume. Found Hunger Games"
"cat fight"
"You can't grow a tree.."
"Happy Birthday!"
"Dirty Job [NSFW]"
"1 year of Reddit for me. Enjoy some of my favourite images (reposts)"
"Happy 54th birthday to Bill Watterson  creator of Calvin and Hobbes!"
"gecko eye"
"Mad Scientists"
"We Got Bored at Work"
"Awesome hotel"
"Blade runner"
"When the eighth trailer before a movie is followed by the ninth trailer"
"Floating Lanterns  Thailand [990x742]"
"What probably happened."
"Hurry before he wakes up!"
"Bouncing kitty stalks it's prey"
"Bioluminescent phytoplankton in Cape Town"
"Sister just sent me this picture..."
"Fretful chihuahua"
"Whenever a girl says she wants a guy like me  but doesn't want me."
"Horse Hugs Human"
"Equine hug"
"Ducking Good At Guitar Hero."
"Asian kid handles it like a bauss"
"the same thing with the Koran and the Torah"
"Just a picture of a pretty awesome Diablo costume"
"Women of Reddit"
"Some people just don't care"
"Siri  what exactly in our history has led you to think I'm nice?"
"African or European?"
"With a bunch of friends when Siri decided to say this out of nowhere"
"3-D Pac-Man Chalk Art"
"3-D Pac-Man Chalk Art"
"Come at me bro!"
"the night dominator"
"General Anton Dostler is tied to a stake before his execution by a firing squad in a stockade in Aversa  Italy. The General  Commander of the 75th Army Corps  was sentenced to death for having ordered the shooting of 15 unarmed American prisoners of war  1945 [1247px × 817]"
"Go away  I'm busy. (x-post from r/funny)"
"The perfect headline."
"Whenever I get downvoted..."
"MANLY!!!!"
"Anytime I see a post that ends in &quot;LOL&quot;"
"Building penetrated by an expressway."
"So there's this [PIC]"
"Beautiful Reflection."
"YOLO meets auto correct."
"An amethyst crystal geode skull."
"not sure if srs.."
"Hafnarfjorour. Final answer."
"Tan lines"
"Dear USA Your 9/11 is our 24/7 Sincerely yours  Palestine!!"
"Every time I hear &quot;You were a Templar  Jondar!&quot;"
"This pretty much sums up Prince Harry right now..."
"A couple weeks late  but I think this belongs here."
"Satan: more powerful than God."
"Colonel Angus is confused..."
"Pothole Panic"
"Also an accurate description of Tumblr"
"Everytime I see someone post a photography album to facebook"
"Hold Me Back!"
"ROFLCOPTER"
"The rofl copter is coming for you (Knife Party Remix)"
"right in the face"
"They're gonna cut me down to make WHATT?!"
"Fucking Lag..."
"Robin just checked in"
"My worst nightmare.."
"Getting prepared as a new redditor"
"The perfect woman."
"Shell-Shocked Toilet Paper Dispenser (X-post form r/funny)"
"So I heard you liked babies..."
"Start 'em young  I guess"
"Let's send one to Mtv..."
"Sex Ed"
"When someone asks if I watch Workaholics"
"She knows the difference between you're and your..."
"How I reacted when i got 6 upvotes"
"Dog slips on wooden floor"
"Oh Lego..."
"Fuck the rules  I do what I want"
"Game I'd like to see ported to Android tablet and iPad."
"I miss him."
"the waiting game.."
"Good skin for this wallpaper?"
"How I feel when seeing the viral videos on Tosh.0"
"The invasion has begun!"
"Look at this  Marge!"
"The power of christ compels you"
"he's coming for you"
"What chalk looks like under a microscope"
"bad kid"
"That's not how you draw a space shuttle..."
"It's my ball... mine"
"It's my ball... mine"
"Some of the best (worst?) TV captions"
"Robin likes cats."
"As a short guy seeing girls posting about tall guys."
"When I finally solved the Rubik's Cube..."
"The Pug Factory"
"Just add air. (x-post from r/punk)"
"Sesame street  where dreams go to die."
"How I feel right now with a full blown sinus infection."
"The service is terrible too."
"Full &amp; Highest Resolution  Evil George Washington"
"It just seemed so peaceful..."
"Icecream Sandwiches"
"How I feel when I leave my cellphone at home"
"DOG  now in GIFSound!"
"My reddit birthday signifies more than being on reddit for a year. It also represents a year of being firm in my beliefs thanks to support from this community. Here is something that helps me when I am feeling low."
"After 14 hours on Reddit  a realization"
"It took me entirely too long to figure out what was wrong with this photo."
"If people are going to worship a fictional character  they may as well pick a better one."
"You're christian? Well I'm Autobot-ian."
"Cool picture from Burning Man"
"Teenage Relationship Advice [PIC]"
"Marshmallows!"
"You Are Late [Fixed]"
"This is a really obedient cat."
"There was ice in the bottom to give it weight. Gotta love roommates."
"So True..."
"Religion is like a penis"
"How religion works in a nutshell (in my opinion)."
"How to get viewers for a crappy TV-show"
"Street artist defaces bikini advertisement"
"Street artist defaces bikini advertisement"
"Telling everyone I'm fine after the breakup"
"Old enough to know better"
"his precious angel smile"
"Open wide!"
"I don't know how to react."
"The best part of Spaceballs"
"Zebras Like Shoulders"
"In brightest day  in blackest night  No evil shall escape my sight Let those who worship evil's might  Beware my power.... I'm the god-damn Batman."
"When you see it [nsfw]"
"Hipster"
"Hipster (x WTF)"
"My reaction every time I give r/new a chance."
"So i found an escaped convict on street view..."
"Poor T-rex."
"Not a single fuck given (X-post from r/perfecttiming"
"How I feel when I win an argument with my girlfriend (gif)"
"Let me check that camera for you bro..."
"Just two jaguar cubs hugging eachother"
"Trying to go somewhere at a [9]"
"You nearly sold me there  Woolworths"
"Gadaga...gada. ...hmm....daga ?...heee....HEEEEE.....oh fuck it !"
"Values seem to have changed over the years"
"how can one manage this?"
"Bar owner defending protestors against the police"
"Looking for those huge spiders in Iraq  I googled &quot;camel spider&quot; and found this:"
"My all time favourite"
"Sesame Street on ice cream"
"When my main gets picked before me"
"Cheetah &amp; Gazelle are friends."
"The difference between boys and girls"
"Pimpin' ain't easy."
"12 inches"
"Dear Dad"
"EXTREMELY realistic cupcakes [NSFW]"
"Yea ill take a cup... what?"
"The Sufi dervish treatment for health or addiction problems."
"I saw how people were bringing up Ron Swanson and then Charlie Day  but may I remind everyone of Creed Bratton."
"(HIFW) i see stuff like this"
"This always gets me"
"The version of Microsoft Word that never really took off."
"When I try to wrap reasons my boss hasn't fired a guy who has only come to work once in the past several months"
"I have puppies instead of children."
"Seriously  who would do such a thing?"
"Searched &quot;cute spider&quot; and this came up. It might be shopped."
"Camouflaged Cat"
"Mine."
"coming to an agreement"
"Wrong black guy"
"Harlem shakin it"
"German patriotism [from /r/PolandBall]"
"The many identities of Johnny Depp"
"A Caucasian Ovcharka puppy  a dog used to HUNT THESE..."
"Hilary Swank Running (from /r/celebs)"
"You like things that look shopped but aren't? Try this!"
"Divine!"
"Hydrogen Peroxide Potassium Iodide burst"
"GOD! I wanna try this!"
"Surface tension"
"The White Bronco [FB]"
"How to meet the girl/guy of your dreams"
"Venom emerges from a tennisball"
"Whenever i try to hit on girls."
"Whenever I try to impress a girl."
"No friends of mine!!! [repost from funny]"
"Doll of Nightmares"
"Well that was an unexpected turn of events"
"The Black Night"
"X-Ray of a Stingray"
"what went through my mind the first time i heard &quot;internet troll&quot;"
"One does not simply catapult into Mordor"
"Must've been a redditor..."
"Stilts"
"When you seriously contemplate suicide"
"R-Money  binders full of women!"
"R-Money"
"&quot;Eating a block of cheese the size of a car battery&quot;"
"Clearly a thyroid/genetic problem"
"American Cheese"
"Four more years."
"When you see it..."
"Shooting up with Jesus."
"Street Art in NYC [2272x1704]"
"How to (actually) Envision 36 000 feet below sea level"
"Good Guy......Everybody"
"What's the last thing you'd expect to see while driving on the highway?"
"Saw this driving down the road"
"So I was on Facebook today when..."
"A diver feeds"
"This dog is a real dick..."
"No his name is not Penis."
"His name is dickballs."
"We call him Richard."
"I Google Images searched &quot;the definition of irony&quot; and this was the fourth result."
"Sexy Voldemort.......?"
"This is how a candlefire looks in zero/micro-gravity"
"adorable snow ferret."
"The reason why weasels are my favorite animal"
"Deal with it."
"Just Chillin"
"The airline screwed up"
"Nicky Minaj back in the day."
"&quot;First one home wins!&quot;"
"Letter home..."
"How I feel when my friends keep getting tons of karma..."
"When you're young  everything in the world seems okay."
"Whenever friends of a friend are commenting on a picture I uploaded"
"Is this the cutest thing ever  or what?"
"Roe roe roe your boat..."
"Anyone happen to know the source of this painting? Tineye just turns up a bunch of reposted spam"
"The United States of good beer"
"When a reactiongif has nothing to do with the title"
"This GIF will forever make me smile"
"My first year at college so far."
"Sometimes  the world just overwhelms me..."
"This is an image of Heath Ledger (dressed as the Joker) doing a skateboard trick over Christian Bale (dressed as Batman) on the set of the Dark Knight. That is all."
"The best way to stop your child becoming an athiest !"
"How to stop your child from becoming an atheist"
"I got the whole world in my helmet."
"Regarding the &quot;How I feel as a #-year-old on Reddit&quot; posts."
"Ladies  there is enough of me to go around"
"Suddenly it becomes interesting"
"manly man - fists"
"YOLO?"
"Gloves??"
"Best line from kicking and screaming"
"overly manlyman on the Wii"
"Made in china"
"Just... Out... Of... Reach...."
"Sex is no accident..."
"Sunset at Ibiza by Trey Ratcliff"
"Mushroom clown..."
"Clownocalypse!"
"If god did exist what would you ask?"
"Turn Anything Into A Sandwich!"
"My friend  who I consider quite the games connoisseur  just told me he has never played Zelda on an N64."
"I always wander why I never eat ice-cream. Then suddenly..."
"He wouldn't get off"
"My boss just asked me to cover for a no call no show today. The day before my vacation to Peru."
"Animals Are Dumb [.gif gallery]"
"On the other hand..."
"What I'll be doing with all this karma from my last submission [OC]"
"MFW people keep talking about this hurricane."
"How I Feel About Hurricane Sandy"
"Losing your teeth in 3  2  1..."
"Get Well Soon! (FB)"
"Arctic fox keeping itself warm."
"You touch my tralala"
"When I had my first semi successful post on Reddit."
"Here is the first picture ever taken. (Louis Daguerre  1838) 2597x1805"
"Today is my cake day and making me laugh is what it's all about! Do me a solid and share a joke! Here's to many more cake days."
"I have nothing creative..."
"Cyanide &amp; Happiness on Christopher Hitchens"
"When I don't get any upvotes"
"Googled &quot;Reddit in a nutshell&quot;  wasn't disappointed"
"After playing with this kitten my dog looks like shes at about a [7]"
"I have no idea what I'm doing."
"Nicolas Cage was cast as Superman in 1998. Here is a picture of him as the Man of Steel."
"Now you are thinking with portals"
"Got a 72 hrs ban on Origin for posting this in private chat."
"There goes my hero..."
"WTF is this from?!?"
"I always wonder if this is what my fap time looks like."
"Orgasm Face"
"Me on halloween"
"Shrooms + Cosmos ="
"Wulffmorgenthaler knows."
"I'll have one please"
"Awesome Swing-set!"
"Just An Awesome Waterfall Swing"
"So i Googled Morgan Freeman's daughter"
"I think Reddit will appreciate Google's front page today..."
"monkeys with guns  flying ontop of zebra  over a rainbow thats being projected from the mouths of two leopards heads  that are held by naked man. All while being hundreds of feet up in the air. W.T.F."
"The news  here in Australia"
"Photobombing that made headlines."
"Turtle treasure"
"Turtles"
"Top 10 things on my to do list"
"Ocelot"
"I just want to hug something"
"They misspelled Scrabble"
"and the parents of the year award goes to...."
"Mother of the year"
"r/aww likes baby animals right? What do you think of baby octopods?"
"This dog's got swag"
"Best. Costume. Ever"
"Every ****ing day."
"Have you got a 'woody'?"
"Tough Day..."
"Effective alarm clock"
"another picture of OP"
"Skrill Cosby"
"Doowap diddily doo and a bibbity bobbity wuhbwuhbwub"
"White People"
"How I feel after making out with my girlfriend for an hour."
"Firefox seems to have encountered problems with windows"
"Now what!?"
"Hello..."
"hello.."
"It's my reddit birthday so here is a pair of baby platypuses"
"lazy as fuck glasses [FIXED]"
"How I feel most days at work  but especially on Fridays."
"I just realized it's actually Thursday  not Friday..."
"How I feel when I get hit by a blue shell right before the finish line and everyone passes me"
"All-American Breakfast"
"A friend just uploaded this to FB labeled &quot;Breakfast&quot;; can you guess which state I live in?"
"Truly an American breakfast."
"Chicken Head"
"Champagne bottle is a weapon"
"Two brothers in Burma  new age versus tradition."
"The Journey"
"'Merica"
"I sincerely hope there's a redditor out there who has actually quit their job like this."
"Mewtwo isn't the bad guy."
"Here's a picture I took from my plane a couple years ago that I thought y'all might like."
"Aerial Shot of the Golden Gate Bridge (REPOST)"
"When I am making out with a girl and she starts to go down on me."
"my reaction to my first pentakill"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"Shark swimming in the streets of Brigantine  NJ. (from FB)"
"Pyramid of captured German helmets outside Grand Central Terminal  New York  ca.1918"
"Only one way to go"
"telling a joke to a bunch of friends when one of them says the punch line for me..."
"Everytime I find something I think is funny and try to harvest upvotes"
"What would you do?"
"Thou hast been flamed [pic]"
"I take your Starry Night and I raise you…BACON Starry Night!"
"Dat feel."
"My reaction when Walmart told me not to take tips from customers whom I've just helped with groceries."
"Summing up /r/gonewild"
"Apple sues Sandy"
"Cute and sexy"
"I hope he gets better soon."
"Get well soon dead coon"
"Rebecca Black and her mother read fan's comments on youtube."
"It's a big ass shart"
"Crackalackin'"
"Silly Spidey  you're not a member of Mystery Inc! You don't even have a dog!"
"When someone tells me how much better music is today."
"Just a Cat and it's Teddy"
"MINE!!"
"Just a cat cuddling a teddy bear (x-post from r/gifs)"
"no  it's mine."
"Survival of the fittest"
"Don't be sad."
"Just some dude out walking his pet..."
"Haters gone hate [Dali]"
"Fresh"
"Hangovers are dangerous..."
"My Favorite Picture from the Nightmares Fear Factory Haunted House Photostream in Niagara Falls"
"Buy one for each arm and become a GOD."
"Reddit comment threads in a nutshell [OC]"
"How to get comment Karma"
"Heyyy Sexy Lady"
"Even those based on real people -- are entirely fictional."
"Get the London look!"
"This might break reddit."
"How a real pro gets Karma"
"if you look at the upvotes long enough they start shooting backwards"
"Map of undersea cables (X post from pics)"
"How I feel whenever someone asks me about my plans after graduation"
"When you see it"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1999[FIXED]"
"A shop window in Manhattan's Lower East Side..."
"Just took a test..."
"My Fav Gif of all time"
"I don't like to gamble"
"No words to describe my feelings to this"
"Daily Life"
"If you're upset right now I just want you to know.."
"Shells of Canada"
"I saw this on the cat shot with an arrow comments.. Thought it needed some music"
"This still freaks me out."
"He hit the jackpot!"
"For the life of me I can't find it"
"Googled 3 blind mice costume  that's close enough."
"Can I help?"
"My mixed feelings about public nudity..."
"worst job ever. (TRUMPED)"
"Best present ever!"
"Goats are like mushrooms..."
"This inside joke on my Facebook wall has gotten a little out of hand"
"12 year old doing it right on a homework assignment..."
"I can't be the only one..."
"How I've felt browsing Reddit in the last couple of days"
"SPOON."
"This is what I remind myself of whenever I diet."
"Quick  take the shot before --- (sigh) damnit."
"The boob is going"
"/r/politics right now"
"Who ever said the treasury didn't have a sense of humour?"
"This sums up High School for me."
"As an IT guy  this is how most people think I do my job."
"Silly Kittens"
"The Beginning of a Beautiful Friendship."
"Keep your eyes on your own paper!"
"Expert trolling"
"&lt;gasp&gt; I wanna cradle it"
"Some of these new Olympic events are weird.."
"Yoshi's awkward adventure"
"Hypocrisy on the internet. I shouldn't be surprised..."
"The original gangnam style!"
"headshot!"
"How I feel on a Friday on Reddit at work"
"Me when i saw all the &quot;ACTA failed to pass&quot; posts"
"How I browse Reddit at work on a Friday knowing the weekend will start soon."
"My childhood summed up in one gif"
"My childhood summed up in one gif"
"The Ultimate Zombie Fortress: Mont St Michel on the top of a volcano  surrounded by another volcano  on an island in the middle of the ocean."
"I would make my secret fortress here"
"The feeling during the time between finishing jacking off and cleaning up"
"The dentist decided to heavily numb my face for a couple of fillings..."
"Grand Theft Auto: Gotham City"
"Learn the Difference (worldwide edition)"
"When someone I hate says something stupid"
"Your face when you actually read the Bible."
"When the teacher randomly hears someone swear when there's a break in the conversation"
"I'm looking for this in a higher resolution  help ?"
"Shit just got real."
"Couldn't help it  this was all I could think when I saw this gif"
"So I'm at that point of being a Redditor where I see something  and know it belongs here..."
"Bow to me  for i am the superior pig"
"This llama is"
"This is why Captain Falcon can't go to the doctor anymore."
"Testing Captain Falcon's reflexes"
"Fuck everyone"
"Exploring space"
"Father &amp; Son"
"Wanna take a ride on the BMW Oracle?"
"Ahhhhhh! That's the stuff! Cheap too"
"Oh  so your repost of my link made it to the front page"
"Look at me...i know what I'm talking about."
"I whip my hair back and forth.. (dealt with it)"
"COME ON! - 26 out of 50?"
"Your efforts are futile."
"Is this the way out??"
"Prepare yourselves..."
"Saw this on my newsfeed and I'm really hoping it isn't true"
"Just found out I have a Reddit birthday"
"Fuckin sloths man."
"How I felt when I found out it was my cake day"
"They say that a picture can explain a thousand words... Well sometimes it think it has to!"
"How I imagine a Reddit gathering would be like (FIXED)"
"That's right  we live together"
"Trees"
"Jesus Returns!"
"D'aww  wait....what?"
"snoopimorphs"
"Snoop Lion"
"Snoop Dogg's Transformation"
"Snoop Lion Is An Animorph"
"This is how I felt when a girl in my education class said she didn't believe in evolution and was studying to be a science teacher"
"i dont know what way its going..."
"Fresh Prince of Gondor"
"We're still so sorry Pluto!"
"Guitar Urinal: Play guitar while peeing."
"What were we doing again?"
"Taking it to the next level"
"The stork theory"
"Police need a refresher course in pursuit training."
"Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke y R2D2."
"Han  Vader  Chewie  Leia  Luke  and R2D2 (Left to Right)"
"I am very sex"
"This is what they sell in Danish stores [NSWF]-ish"
"What's Up"
"When I Go Dance at the Club"
"When I Go Dance at the Club"
"Trying to watch porn when the sidebar advert is a picture of a huge  foot-long dick"
"How moms who still breast feed their 10 year olds see them."
"Dear Jesus..."
"Thank you Jesus..."
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Thank you for this bounty"
"After hours of Reddit"
"Glory be to hypnocat  give me your cakeday upvotes"
"Lifehacks: Shoe edition"
"I have no words for this photo...."
"How I feel working this supposed 3 day weekend"
"Saturday mornings are the best"
"This is quite mesmerising"
"Memes"
"The very best of r/Badtaxidermy! [Album]"
"A snow-white tree"
"Freedom Park Charlotte  NC"
"Iced Tea"
"Kingdom Hearts 3"
"Car bomb"
"Reflections"
"After spending an hour working on my essay"
"Meanwhile  in Korea..."
"whup whup gangan style"
"Thrusting to the Sun and Moon"
"Pretty much every freshman on campus before classes start."
"I tried to smile at a cute guy on campus today [FIXED]"
"Barista Collage"
"Best Friends..."
"Either way..."
"Either way..."
"Asian women"
"Holy Long Legs  Batman!"
"DEAR GOD I THOUGHT IT WAS HAIR NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE"
"Proud Lion Parents [x-post from /r/aww]"
"Dodgeball downvote by kkantouth"
"Disney has already made its mark on Star Wars."
"This goes here WTF"
"How I felt when visiting 9gag for the first time."
"Everyday on /r/gifs"
"This sums up my morning."
"every morning"
"Disregard females  acquire calculus"
"Typical Asian Kid Problem"
"North Korea vs. South Korea"
"Boom!"
"How you can help wikipedia - phase two."
"Ya so  I hit your car..."
"I have no idea what happened to this cow."
"Vegetarians say that they won't eat anything that has a face. Is steak from this cow cool then?"
"Still trying to understand this picture."
"how i feel when i downvote something on the front page [FIXED]"
"People who get involved in Facebook arguments."
"Every time I log into Twitter/Facebook"
"When people at your school brag about how fucked up they got over the weekend.."
"To people who complain about reposts or Karma on Reddit."
"Christians have a super-secret subreddit?"
"How I felt when the Kristen Stewart-Robert Pattinson made the front page of the paper"
"My face  as a red blooded heterosexual male  when the Spice Girls reunited at the closing ceremonies. [FIXED]"
"its like subliminal messages"
"Crazy"
"Krieger-san Jr. (x-posted from r/wtf  SFW)"
"Steam sales in a nutshell"
"The feeling when your college refund check deposits in your bank account."
"Perfect team play [Fixed]"
"I did an exam yestarday and that's how I felt..."
"It's my cake day. Here's my favourite gif of all time."
"The honest to God truth..."
"WTF would you do?"
"Escalators are confusing"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"OKAY  OKAY! IT'S DEAD ALREADY!"
"Chris Matthews interviews Marsha Blackburn"
"Dear reddit  who are tupac and biggie pouring a 40o on in this picture"
"every time I get on Facebook.."
"Whenever I come back on Reddit  and something I've done has been hugely downvoted (x-post /r/communitygifs)"
"Pizza's here!"
"I am Darth Vader  deal with it."
"And on that day in England  no f*cks were given"
"Hold Still Sonny."
"&quot;Yes hi  I'm here to see Mr Slenderman&quot;"
"Bert!?"
"Oh look! Another repost..."
"how the skyrim posts are making me feel lately"
"When I think I did amazing on my midterm  but it turns out that I nearly failed it."
"Tested on animals..."
"It's quite possible.."
"free steam key"
"How I Feel Sometimes"
"If I wanted updates on your fantasy league  I'd be in the league."
"Waterproof"
"Meanwhile  in Russia (album version)"
"Excuse me *tap tap*"
"when your friends are dicks"
"Carl from Up (2009) is real!"
"He's Real!"
"'Call of Duty' in a nutshell"
"DNC Protester gets it right."
"I would love to be a therapist"
"The risks of trying to eat at an [8] or higher (x-post from r/funny)"
"Facts of Life."
"Upvoting the front page."
"How I feel when I find &quot;perfection in porn&quot;"
"&quot;If homosexuality spreads -- ducks could take over the world&quot;"
"How i feel browsing r/new"
"Who said YOLO?"
"Who said it!"
"Googled &quot;Shit Balls&quot;  was not disappointed..."
"The saddest thing that makes me laugh..."
"Sprinkler nut shot"
"Sprinkler nut shot"
"The history of Reddit"
"The history of Reddit (info-graphic)"
"costume of a genius"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Dear every man to ever star in a porno... ever;"
"Hey I just met you and this is cr..."
"Dandelion."
"As a gentle reminder this holiday season... Please remember those who are less fortunate."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"First day of college in over five years!"
"Animorphs: the lost book"
"Disguises are at their best on King of The Hill"
"It's his dream come true!"
"Easily the best book series of my childhood (animorphs)"
"Gotham Style"
"ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!"
"Haters Gonna Hate [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Haters gonna hate"
"When my company told us they were laying people off and cutting my pay"
"When deciding how to address Curiosity on my facebook"
"Nicolas Cage strikes again"
"Photobombing John Elway"
"Creepiest pageant ever? Miss Pretty Eyes"
"Anyone know how i can turn this into a youtube video. i have the song but i dont know how to get the gif into a video."
"You Laugh  You Lose"
"Peanut Butter!"
"The Fall of 9GAG (REPOST. last post died. gotta keep it alive)"
"Time to work with 4chan for the greater good."
"Seal"
"And then suddenly....SEAL! [FIXED][FIXED]"
"This shit has to stop  Kanye."
"Incredibly bizarre animated gif"
"Just Look"
"When you gotta go  you gotta go"
"Pick your shit up"
"The Hamburgler strikes again!!"
"I am the Bat-yawn."
"baby bat yawning"
"Ah youth..."
"Amazing shot of young couple getting arrested and trying for one last kiss."
"Bubble popped caught by camera (amazing)."
"Every Phineas and Ferb episode."
"How I feel when I fell asleep on my flight before take off  and woke up at cruising altitude."
"Shoping cat"
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnie  and Andre the Giant"
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnold Schwarzenegger  and Andre the Giant"
"Arnold and Andre and wilt."
"Seems legit."
"How I get dressed when I'm in a rush."
"Found this  I'm I do t know if any story can explain"
"You're not human if you don't enjoy this"
"Nothing to see here....just washing my car."
"Who do you think you're looking at?"
"What is the best way to milk a sheep?"
"The Dark Lord is not impressed by your grammar."
"Ninth up  third from the left. That's where!"
"Sad"
"When you are getting really close  and the camera guy zooms in on the guys balls."
"Metal Baby"
"How it must feel being a girl on this subreddit:"
"Porn Country-of-Origin Identification Guide [FTFY]"
"What the fuck is that?!"
"Can I eat neow?"
"From the dream of yesterday..."
"Another reason not to live in Australia"
"First Shot of Ian McKellen as Gandalf in The Hobbit"
"I don't even know..."
"stop hitting yourself (Angel)"
"Trouble at the chocolate factory."
"Oh  glorious zebra butt.."
"Tell me your secrets"
"Warming up"
"What dancing in a club looks like..."
"Someone shared their favorite scene  and I felt inspired to make it Reddit specific. Enjoy! (First attempt at a GIF  go easy.)"
"You...shall not...PASS!"
"Hat..."
"It's the hat."
"I saw the raptor eating the cheerleader GIF and had to post this one [GIF]"
".........I dont even no what to title this"
"The RollerBLARGHLARGHLARGHing Raptor"
"How I feel as an adult trying to roller skate"
"I can't stop laughing"
"Smallville learnt well"
"walking to class after taking an adderall"
"Star-crossed lovers?"
"My reaction when I've been working on some code for hours and still cannot narrow the problem down"
"Clubbing on bath salts"
"Evil Laugh Snake without the balloon. Go r/photoshopbattles go! [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Bert and Ernie on Drugs"
"This comforts me."
"I feel like there is only one true answer"
"Apparently 50% of these voters have never given birth."
"What are those stains on the floor"
"The computer chamber"
"Quick! To the Fapcave!"
"House being... House"
"House music."
"Bird mocks cat. Cat wins."
"Evolution (fixed) from http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/pd0ak/fool_me_once/"
"This is probably why I am so mad all of the time"
"Decline of masculinity"
"No time to explain!"
"While on r/gentlemenboners drunk."
"Every time my phone's email alert goes off as a recent graduate job hunting."
"Kid smacks cat."
"You go kitty! I thought childfree would enjoy this short scene. (x-post from funny)"
"Holding on for Dear Life..."
"The cutest animal  laying on a branch"
"Only in Australia..."
"Mmm  now thats a bloody good icecream"
"It is the dawn of a new age of warfare  Ladies and Gentlemen  the Elite Hoversoldier."
"When christians start telling me about how god has spoken to them."
"Admit it  we're all guilty of this"
"Did someone say smashing?"
"When I drive through a speed trap and don't get a ticket"
"How I felt after hooking up with a girl and then learning she was a redditor"
"When I realized that"
"How I feel waking up in the morning to see my post doubled my karma"
"I finally lost my virginity"
"After Getting 100 karma on a post"
"This describes my week perfectly"
"The Life of a Redditor."
"This describes a few solid years of my life."
"This pretty much sums up how I responded to most tests in middle school."
"A+ for creativity"
"Fail... A+ for Creativity"
"A+ for creativity"
"&quot;Don't kiss me..&quot; (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"I'm opening my eyes now.."
"Ice cream!!"
"This bird man....this bird knows whats good...LOL"
"I hope he's ok  but this makes me laugh my ass off."
"Adventures of Helen Keller"
"It's disgusting but I just can't stop looking at it... [NSFW]"
"So I was talking to a Christian the other day and this is basically how it turned out"
"666"
"A true moderator."
"A real badass in a poncho."
"You mad  Skywalker?"
"Role reversal"
"How I am feeling on this rainy morning"
"How to win Dad of the Year award..."
"Professional cuddler makes $260 inviting strangers to take a nap with her at home."
"LucyintheSkywithDiamonds"
"Silly Walks Abbey Road"
"My reaction when professor finds my cheat sheet"
"Everyone's reaction when they realized reddit was down for maintenance"
"So  missed my first Cake Day due to work...."
"How I feel realizing I missed my first cake day last week."
"How I feel when I accidentally open Internet Explorer"
"Midlife Superheroes. (repost)"
"A view of space shuttle Endeavor's flight deck."
"Cause you know"
"Ridin' Dirty"
"Sharks are a lot friendlier without the pointy teeth."
"New species of shark discovered!!!!"
"How I felt seeing my ex with her new boyfriend yesterday"
"Look at all the bothers I give"
"Keeping it clean (xpost from pics)"
"ummm?"
"How I feel when someone posts something similar to me and gets more upvotes"
"Don't mind me..."
"Round round"
"Where's the Frisbee [repost?]"
"What could possibly go wrong?"
"Just five more minutes.."
"my little buddy"
"A gamers paradise."
"Who didn't hate this guy ?"
"What I think every time I snowboard"
"'Merica"
"This is how reposts and the front page works."
"Breach and clear"
"Snooki had here baby."
"The checkmate atheists to end them all."
"It's ok little one"
"&quot;Hey Bill  is that your wife pulling up?&quot;"
"When I hear someone brought in donuts to work..."
"Do it with confidence."
"Waiting for someone to get my joke"
"Everytime our office hottie walks by."
"What I think I look like when I get caught staring at a cute girl across the classroom."
"Ron Swanson Bacon Dance"
"How I feel when I get two karma..."
"/r/gonewild in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"Porn &amp; Pancakes"
"Ron Swanson  thats all."
"Patrick Star 2012"
"Patrick Star 2012!"
"Sweet Bacon Jesus."
"Sorry Clint  Simpsons already did it."
"I knew that sounded familiar..."
"The Simpsons predicted the 2012 RNC in 2002"
"If I had one gif to describe my life"
"If I had one gif to describe my life"
"I'm a BITCH (GoT Edition)"
"Game of Thrones catharsis"
"Bat Embryo."
"This... is... PARROT"
"What I imagined Arnold Schwarzenegger's other son looked like when news first broke.."
"This is why I'm afraid to play Half-Life anymore."
"out cold (xpost r/gifs)"
"Best Hallowe'en costume so far"
"Best Hallowe'en costume so far"
"Salt &amp; Pepper can pack their bags &amp; go. This is genius."
"Tactical Kitten"
"How i feel downvoting something with 100's of upvotes"
"Blrhghghrhgrhg"
"Dare to be different!"
"Oh YouTube...[comment]"
"This GIF goes along well with any song!"
"The most dangerous people on the planet."
"Radical Larry --- The most badass little dude ever."
"Victorian Super Heroes"
"Radical Larry will fuck you up"
"Forever alone ONE dollar"
"Churches like this make me smile"
"Statutory rape?"
"i dont know what to say"
"communal showers"
"Just when you got over your fear of dropping the soap....."
"She loves me. I can see it her eyes."
"No time like the present  No place like the Drive-thru."
"A man with a pet hyena  Nigeria"
"How Steam sales feel with a new 2TB hard drive."
"How I feel in the evening now that daylight savings has just started in Australia"
"Science"
"For research... right."
"A precious kitty to share with you on my cake-day"
"At this point  I think management makes them do this."
"This fucking kid pulls out a George Foreman grill during my lunch period in school and just starts making grilled cheese"
"No love for my first ever cake day post? Release the Kraken!"
"Strolling to work  minding my own business when..."
"Good Morning"
"When someone wakes me up during deep sleep."
"Koi-magnet"
"What happens whenever I attempt to interact with a cute guy."
"knock kit off asshole!"
"Happens all the time on Facebook..."
"Alice Cooper having a beer with Colonel Sanders"
"Dis gon b gud! Like a bau5!"
"Heard you like updates..."
"Hilary Cage Unleashed"
"I too am moist"
"coming out isn't that difficult"
"Where am I? What is my name? And can I have that ice cream cone?"
"Republicans telling the truth"
"Moar dessert!"
"Oh Youtube..."
"This seems more appropriate here (x-post r/funny)"
"Anybody want to see a gif of the greatest dog ever? Yeah...I thought so...Just gonna leave this right here..."
"Rush Rush"
"Deal with it"
"Life is funny sometimes"
"Unfair comparison."
"Fuck this picture. Just try to convince yourself it's not moving."
"Was looking at this for 15 minutes. Then I thought shit I'm colored blind."
"Add a little colour to your life [gif]"
"I take full responsibility for this"
"Give it to me  baby"
"Gorillas dancing to a baby"
"4chan connects the dots [x-post from r/4chan]"
"Won't Catch Me Ridin' Dirty! Not really..."
"I don't get friendzoned..."
"4/20 on a Friday this year???"
"After not studying for a final and the exam is actually easy"
"Such emotion!"
"When Reddit came back"
"How I looked after sparking up and popping in Halo 4 at one this morning."
"Found $43 in some pants deep inside my closet"
"Scariest Olympic Moment Yet?"
"There can be only one (synchronized swimmer)"
"Bearded dude shooting a deer ass-canon at another dude riding a flying deer who then blows up spectacularly."
"looool"
"When people post pictures of themselves breastfeeding to Facebook.."
"Fabulous morning!"
"Horse pilates fail"
"My buddy just emailed me this. I giggled."
"My response to every &quot;wrong number text message&quot; post."
"Thriller! Thanks mentalmystics09"
"Cause this is..."
"Later bitch"
"Not today  dog!"
"Toodaloo motherfucker"
"emma watson album (i take no credit)"
"4  3  2  1.."
"My face when I log in facebook these days"
"When you forget your flying suit"
"My stomach still hurts..."
"No one's ever made their first jump."
"Can't a guy just get his handsome on?"
"Checkmate Atheists (x/Post from R/funny)"
"It's like Halloween  but cuter."
"Have you chosen your Halloween outfit yet? Time's running out!"
"After realizing how much time I've spent on Reddit this week end"
"My cakeday is the day before the end of the world"
"What I imagine the trains will be like during the London Olympics:"
"When my girlfriend asked if my parents are coming back late"
"When I repost a repost of a repost i saw 13 hours ago"
"When I see a post I upvoted in r/new in the top 100"
"Carrie Fisher and her stunt double Sandi Gross taking a nap during the filming of Return of the Jedi."
"Big Bird's fate if Romney Wins the Election?"
"I often felt this way as a child."
"It was a different time."
"Just a kid smoking a cigarette with his cock."
"STOP RESISTING! (sorry if repost)"
"Yee Peng Festival  Thailand"
"I would be freaked out too."
"Checkmate."
"Looks like someone is a little confused with this summer's biggest blockbusters"
"dammit  stop calling me out!"
"Your too dumb"
"This would explain some things."
"Worst misuse of 'Success Kid' I've seen... from my newsfeed (FB)"
"I’ve Got A Hard Reset Though"
"My favorite picture so far"
"What if...?"
"How I feel when I refresh the frontpage and nothing changes..."
"Democrat Seth Rogans epiphany."
"Harry Potter Mustn't Return to Hogwarts!"
"How i feel as a new Redditor trying to post."
"Fat pain is fat"
"Neil Armstrong had an interesting take on humor [Twitter]"
"Last two weeks of work my responce to everything"
"As a single 25 yo when my feed is full of baby posts."
"am i doing it right?"
"When I told my mom I was spending the night at my girlfriend's place"
"We're gonna bang."
"Both were thirsty."
"Amazing Magic Trick!"
"Walk Hard"
"My precious..."
"I hear your kid likes Chicken McNuggets? Yummy."
"I feel your pain  Voyager"
"The cat found the puppy's cone again..."
"Saw this snowboard season ending injury on my facebook wall"
"How I act towards everyone on my birthday today"
"It's things like this that makes me hate Facebook."
"At the first sign of overly attached girlfriend..."
"It's only purpose is to support itself"
"Cute pink nose"
"The day after I mowed 3 acres with a push mower because the rider died."
"Truly the best superhero..."
"Bob Ross"
"Oh ya. you paint that Bob Ross"
"Tom Brady has a potty mouth. [FIXED]"
"Unconventional USB drives.."
"Those guys over at 4chan are pretty good at photoshop."
"Let my people GO!!"
"Assailant Slips and Falls"
"I have no words."
"Reddit Top Secret Headquarters"
"This is how I feel when I play CO-OP missions with my friends"
"It seems so.... Surreal."
"Human statue of Liberty"
"Me and a friend leaving our calculus final"
"How I feel after my last exam today."
"A note by Dr. Hedgeh"
"An unparalleled dancing performance. (x-post from r/spacedicks)"
"Mega-Stuf Oreos"
"When I log back in to see unexpected karma."
"Baby sees a firework for the very first time"
"I got 99 problems  and they're all fucking ticks."
"Priorities in life"
"My throat is a little hoarse"
"Happy Easter..."
"This guy"
"Fuck wasps"
"Was just attacked by a swarm of wasps and all I can think of is..."
"When you see it..."
"I see your baby elephant &amp; raise you a baby giraffe!"
"Raygun 2016"
"Every time I am in a car and a good drum solo comes on."
"Learn how to walk they said... It'll be fun they said..."
"Patrick Starfish IRL"
"Optical Illusion!"
"Whoa."
"I dont even..."
"Ever thought you would see an army of rebels led by a dude dressed as a bride? Well  here you go"
"Objects in mirror..."
"A Gamer's Mentality"
"shark aquarium in Dubai has been broken..."
"Deep Blue Sea in real life"
"As a US citizen this is how I will experience the 2012 presidential election."
"Googled my user name. Got this"
"Active Camo"
"Don't hate the player  hate the game. Snowstorm v. BC  Canada"
"Don't hate the player  hate the game. v. snowstorm in BC  Canada xpost"
"Showed up on on Facebook feed!"
"my place to relax at the end of a day."
"I've always wondered what sex is like..."
"Why do I find this funny?"
"Mr.Rabbit says Hi!"
"&quot;Don't settle for cheap plastic&quot;"
"Oh so that's your favourite GIF ever? Here's mine."
"How I feel after returning to the front page after reading a thread with over 1k comments"
"After getting to page 2425 of Reddit..."
"This weekend I bought lemonade from a stand for a quarter and watched a wheelbarrow race..."
"More or less exactly what happens when I walk across a bar to talk to a girl"
"Shine a light (x-post r/art)"
"SHADOW PATH"
"Zoidberg  is that you?"
"Zombie fortress off the coast of Britain"
"Hahaha Trollball."
"GREAT SCOTT!!"
"Pretty scared by his twin."
"How I feel when I delete a post that gets downvoted to hell."
"Picture of one of the titanium-tooth dogs. This is just bloody amazing."
"lik dis if u cry evertim"
"After spending hours working on new posts for Reddit  and finding my spelling error corrections have more karma"
"What happens when a girl invites to hang out  then &quot;slyly&quot; adds the fact that she's having some problems with her computer."
"Troll Level: Grand Master"
"These guys have the right idea"
"Every Friday..."
"Being from NewYork this is how I picture the Chik-Fil-A and Romney supporters..."
"Take This!"
"HADOUKEN!"
"Gay pride win"
"Ray Villafane...MASTER PUMPKIN CARVER"
"Its just one of those days"
"Gotta love pork skin."
"Secret Service Dogs"
"Meth: Before &amp; After"
"Animals reactions to being put in a box..."
"Every time i try to watch Carrotop"
"WHOOOOO r u"
"Just some baby owls being awesome"
"Muted Rap Battle;"
"Nuclear explosion photographed by rapatronic camera less than 1 millisecond after detonation"
"Morgan Freeman chain of command"
"Just 70 Lightning strikes"
"Catatumbo Lightning in Venezuela"
"70 Lightening Strikes In One Shot"
"70 Lightning Strikes In One Shot"
"WW2 fully explained in a gif"
"He asked for his dad to come home"
"An accurate portrayal of all of us. [x-post from /r/funny]"
"In his happy place..."
"Piglet"
"My reaction when i got to know Neil Patrick Harris is gay."
"I made it to the front page of two fairly large subreddits today."
"Spiderpman"
"Spiderpman (x-post /r/gifs)"
"Trying to get to the front page of Reddit."
"Every time my post starts climbing up..."
"Image technology is so good these days"
"Every single crime show ever."
"Joker and batman"
"EVerytime I decide to read comments on /r/gonewild"
"When I'm at a family gathering &amp; my in-laws pray out loud..."
"Asked my dad if he wanted to hang out on father's day..."
"My face when I try to forget I read a spoiler"
"watching the rest of the porn clip right after orgasm [FIXED]"
"What it's like reading the comments in r/gonewild"
"My new favorite"
"I need this shirt but can't find it anywhere please help me"
"Something my friend did on photoshop"
"Scumbag Bill Cosby."
"Christian Bale Feeding A Taco To Harry Potter Wearing A Sombrero"
"the unseen side of harry potter"
"Guaranteed cringing"
"Baby sloth and friend"
"the moment where you know you messed up"
"I wonder what happened next"
"EXCLUSIVE! The plot to Star Wars 7"
"I'M A GANGSTA"
"They will haunt you in your sleep"
"I'm feeling a little lonely tonight..."
"SCIENCE! [x-post /gifs]"
"The Moonwalk Superstar"
"A .gif of four owls. One is swallowing a mouse whole."
"Tasty"
"I have no idea what that woman did  but I guess the pelican didn't approve"
"Always when I try to choose icecream..."
"How hardcore Christians view Rick Santorum"
"Whenever I see someone driving the same car as me!"
"The look I would give my friend in high school when my teacher would say that we need partners."
"Fuck the Police"
"fuck the police"
"How my left hand feels doing everything"
"Summer reading as a kid (random imgur game)"
"Admit it  guys. It's true."
"Since everyone's talking about TDKR  here are my 3 favorite Batman-related images of all time."
"He's a silent guardian  a watchful protector... A Dark Cat."
"Yes. Yes they are."
"IDGAF"
"My wife just painted this  I swear..."
"My cat painted this."
"Look at all this beautiful art my girlfriend made!"
"Like a &quot;Big League&quot; Boss"
"Sometimes 4chan is actually funny"
"In Russia  to get on the front page..."
"let me see what you got"
"Just seen this on my Twitter"
"Another Facebook news feed gem..."
"awww yeaah  that's the stuff"
"One hell of a hug."
"Sometimes you just need a hug"
"‘’More awesome than a monkey wearing a tuxedo made out bacon riding a cyborg unicorn with a lightsaber for the horn.’’"
"they dont just fix computers..."
"When I start getting responses from my Monday night drunk texts"
"How I feel after taking my last final for the semester"
"Welcome to Canada"
"The edge of the world"
"I hate it when this happens..."
"Yaaaaawwwnnnom."
"Give me a break!"
"The Douche"
"Lebron is kind of a dick"
"The most brilliant logo design ever."
"Pug shirt."
"When the person next to me on the bus said  &quot;You're so lucky you sat here! Do you know Jesus loves you?&quot;..."
"Today is my birthday and this perfectly represents how I feel today."
"How about we just jam together  instead?"
"Singing the chorus of my bands song Ian."
"m҉u҉r҉r҉a҉y҉b҉a҉l҉l҉"
"I didn't want to sleep tonight anyway.."
"Thanks a lot  London."
"Didn't even know what to say."
"Believe in America is right for this dog."
"How I feel after acing a test I thought I bombed"
"How I feel after acing a test I thought I bombed"
"Just the slender-man."
"The fun you can have with an air bed...ouch."
"I'm hungry!"
"this is you  and everything you have ever experienced or known"
"Fine example of the architectural excellence."
"SAP vs. SAP"
"I was searching for a cutesy love subreddit  and this was the first options that came up under r/love."
"Adaptation"
"this popped up on my news feed"
"Hey its a hippo- DEAR GOD."
"Living the dream"
"Untouchable"
"Gets me every time"
"My favorite gif on my cakeday"
"And visions of waffles danced in their heads..."
"I would watch this movie."
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"It's a CD Holder about Nothing!"
"exclusively for the winners"
"This is one of my favorite gifs"
"This gif needs no explanation"
"Water was talking to me at a [7] last night (from r/funny)"
"I think Mr. T may be a redditor"
"So I told you I can fly!"
"was looking for a new wallpaper when..."
"How i feel every time i am on Reddit"
"The end result of reddit"
"How I feel after a long day of procrastination"
"Pls no..."
"When I accidentally click a link without reading the caption first"
"Presenting to the Internet...bunnies in sweaters!"
"A mother loses her cubs  but loves these little rugrats just the same"
"Dwitanic"
"My mind is blown"
"Talked my way out of a speeding ticket!"
"Defense"
"I Don't Know What They're Getting At?"
"story of my life"
"What it takes to get famous..."
"Clint Eastwood approves this message!"
"Another Lonely Cat"
"Punctuation is important."
"My last training"
"When things don't work out.."
"That moment  when you realize the post that was about to make you a reddit hero  has already been submitted and even has a wittier title."
"I just realized it's actually Thursday  not Friday..."
"How I feel when I get hit by a blue shell right before the finish line and everyone passes me"
"Got to work  and just realized it's only Wednesday..."
"Yeah!!"
"I hope it doesn't break"
"Like a President..."
"Whenever people start fighting in a FB thread I've commented on..."
"How the rest of the country feels about hurricane Isaac"
"We all have a friend who is like this."
"Image that appeared on my FB newsfeed  originally posted by some Christian &quot;liberty movement&quot; page. Oh  I see the irony  alright."
"Isn't it ironic?"
"apparently the formula is less legs = more karma"
"Teacup"
"when someone across the room says my name"
"Hey Ladies we got us a fight going on that's a good bit of fun."
"Best depiction of my relationship with my brother"
"Just a sleeping giraffe..."
"Probably One Of The Best Comics I've Seen"
"Split."
"These directions are simple enough"
"I think American politics is ready for a change"
"I couldn't think of anything to describe this  but it made me laugh. I hope this brightens your day somehow."
"Seems like..."
"Commenting after something is already on the front page."
"Downvoting reposts on the front page"
"As a person who is afraid of heights I'm not sure if this would make it easier or more difficult to poop."
"Mirror Man"
"What everybody hopes their cake day will be like"
"First World Reddit Problem"
"My favorite site was the victim of a denial of service attack. Whoever did this is a MONSTER!"
"Every time I see a kitten pic I miss this guy"
"Reddit public enemy #1"
"I will always  ALWAYS sneak food into the movie theater"
"My reaction when a person told me I could not use my dyslexia as an excuse that I have difficulty with grammar"
"What Blizzard Is Doing To Everyone Logging Into MOP"
"What Blizzard Is Doing To Everyone Logging Into MOP"
"I've noticed a pattern on Reddit lately..."
"How Australians feel about SuperBowl Sunday"
"Why I go on 9gag (First)"
"I've noticed a lot of comics with this dilema"
"Reddit Adventures: r/f7u12"
"I've noticed this recently..."
"The only thing that's left after a tarantula sheds it's skin"
"Leftover Tarantula Skin"
"Dwight vs. Planker"
"My Hurricane Irene experience: Before  during  after."
"Just an aquarium."
"what happens when i'm drunk and someone picks a fight."
"My favourite gif"
"How I feel when I try to seem intimidating"
"HD Macro Spider Facebook Profile"
"How to win an eating contest"
"Listening to my conservative  devout Catholic mother and my liberal  atheist brother discuss religion/politics during his last visit.."
"Yin Yang."
"Fucking Florida."
"Who's your daddy?"
"Surface Tension"
"I control the Southern Hemisphere. repost"
"Sometimes  when I'm sad..."
"I searched &quot;Emo People&quot; on Google and this was one of the first results"
"Oh my god [GIF]"
"I thought it was spring..."
"The Classic Spicy Keychain"
"I dont even..."
"After you finally finish the season finale of your favourite show..."
"Choking in porn."
"Kid ... This Picture Will Haunt You For A Lifetime - Your Parents Will Make Sure Of It"
"Happy Kid"
"Island Deception"
"How to cheer up a friend that is feeling down"
"Yo dogg  I hear you like clowns....."
"Every time when I'm on 4chan..."
"Lynda Carter is not impressed..."
"Seen a lot of face swaps today. I'm just gonna put this one here. It's my fav"
"Dexter's Laboratory vs. The Big Bang Theory"
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours."
"Me when I reach 100 link karma"
"Knock  knock. Whose there?"
"The real reason Diablo 3 isn't out yet"
"Whenever someone mentions their confusion about easter eggs.."
"When my parents ask why I need a lighter."
"Weeklong vacation with the rents at a [0] when suddenly..."
"Whenever I successfully counter enough my Catholic father's arguments he always brings the argument to the same place"
"What sick bastard would do this!"
"This was a close one.."
"Sorry mom!"
"Everyone over on r/conspiracy"
"The four elements in glass"
"It's my secret talent"
"Anybody have OCD?"
"By far my favorite .gif"
"It is weird that I'm aroused by this?"
"Lightning Eclipse"
"I want to learn from this guy"
"I would be far more afraid of the man who isn't afraid to lick shit"
"Aang and Superman: &quot;I know that feel  bro.&quot; (x-post r/funny)"
"Who da fuck"
"When I was 7 and my sister released my Aerodactyl in my Pokémon Yellow save  these were the feels."
"Who makes this shit?"
"Spread Anarchy!"
"Cat makes breaktrough physics discovery!"
"Let me what ya' got."
"why not"
"Two girls  one cup..of espresso. [NSFW]"
"This is a theater stage for a play"
"&quot;Hey  show some manners!&quot;"
"teamwork"
"Chilling on Moon [x-post from r/wallpapers]"
"Chilling on Moon [x-post from r/wallpapers]"
"4chan having fun with online polls again. Operation kinder is underway"
"AIDS chasers? why is this even happening"
"Oedipus"
"The best advice I ever got from The Office"
"Pile-driver 2.0"
"Just a myth getting busted. That is all."
"Myth: Houses in Dublin  CA are impervious to cannon balls"
"Myth: Houses in Dublin  CA are impervious to cannon balls"
"I think with soap will be a hit."
"[6] i cant not laugh"
"The disco."
"Dubstep Remix"
"My girlfriend painted this  she thinks it's pretty good. I think it's just okay  what do you think reddit?"
"Found this on the front page today"
"Bear friends"
"Clawception"
"Bush Baby"
"More stuff like this? Plitvice Lake National Park  Croatia"
"On the toilet after an Indian dinner."
"Got a light bub?"
"Because I don't want to be eaten by a raw chicken"
"chatroulette"
"So I googled cat riding bike and this came up"
"&quot;My name's Wade Wilson - I'm a dick&quot;"
"Happy national catfish day!"
"Fuck you Irene"
"'merica"
"Happy July 4th everyone"
"i am kitten (x-post from r/aww)"
"Sleeping Beauty!"
"Everyone Feels Like This Sometimes"
"90% of the time playing Twitch"
"You remind me of the babe..."
"I'm sexy and I know it."
"I'm sexy and I know it!"
"Studying for my open book midterms..."
"Friendly Reminder from Carl Sagan"
"Oh  you're going to call your senator to tell them how important it is the raise NASA's budget?"
"How to solve a Rubic cube  the geek way"
"...enormously insignificant"
"how I react when a girl replies to my text message with 'k.'"
"Accidentally spent $1150.00 at Amazon"
"Some mormons just left me a business card. Nailed it."
"What am I doing here?"
"Fuck yeah!♫♫♫♫♫"
"bale bumpin"
"Karma Whore [x-post from r/nsfw_gif]"
"What I imagine is happening when reddit is under &quot;heavy load&quot;. [NSFW]?"
"How a Canadian confronted with Bill C-11 feels after seeing all these reddit victory posts over European ACTA and America's SOPA."
"As an American  this is what I feel every professional Soccer game is like"
"The double fake headbutt!!!!!"
"Awesome study method"
"What happens when you get into a car accident with the Flash"
"Fitted oddly enough"
"How I act when my gf takes me out shopping"
"Cockroaches[Fixed]"
"why?"
"PHILOSORAPTOR 2012!"
"I think this could be problematic..."
"Just a thought."
"Must be really 'sour'."
"After putting a hand full of sour patch kids in my mouth"
"Makes me laugh every time"
"Happy Dog is Happy"
"Going on /r/Spacedicks for the first time"
"Epic Save"
"Bumping into your ex"
"Anyone else doing this right now?"
"Cant deny it..."
"5th grader problems"
"Space Missions Infographic"
"Don't stare at her boobs  don't stare at her boobs. OH FUCK STARE AT HER BOOBS!"
"Oh the things you find on the internets..."
"Ashley Ann Vickers"
"I think we have a problem here"
"Rapist news reader"
"Every time r/atheism hears about *another* Christian sex scandal."
"Kitten Coat"
"They've both been waiting for this moment for a long time."
"My face when I'm staring at the clock 5 minutes before I can leave work."
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand POLKA TIME!"
"Well  not anymore  it's not."
"When I walk into a bathroom and the handicapped stall is empty"
"Just Vincs McMahon doing Vince McMahon stuff."
"One of the profound quotes ever said"
"Emotional scars."
"When I found out I could downvote by pressing the 'Z' button"
"Three Birds"
"Smile"
"Peeing like a boss!"
"El Chupacabra"
"Every time someone mentions r/athiesm  I think of this picture."
"Where will you be?"
"Walked through a spiderweb."
"The stopwatch on my phone has been going since mid December  got this screenshot last night"
"By far the most adorable Chung Lee cosplay....ever!!!"
"Long exposure of fireflies at dusk"
"This room. I want it."
"I want to be the very best..."
"Have you seen my stapler?"
"Oh the disappointment..."
"Mr. Wayne"
"Good luck"
"How I feel when I get a downvote"
"Jesus"
"Swag walk at its best"
"D-bag Cop!"
"What's that spell? LOADS OF EMONE."
"Bibles For Haiti"
"When my Grandpa gets drunk on Holidays"
"Alligator Chase"
"&quot;Sorry&quot; bus [updated]"
"Take this  atheists!"
"Just enjoying my jelly bellies and then taste a popcorn one."
"And in today's news..."
"amazing what 20 years of drug use can do: Ozzy &amp; Sharon Osbourne circa 1987"
"Alright this is the kind of shit I hate. WTF  Facebook?"
"IFAP: my friend got a job working in a booth at a jobs expo  I don't think he understands how funny this is."
"Pumpkin birth"
"Pumpkin in labor."
"America [ftfy]"
"So Puerto Rico will be having a (non-binding) vote on statehood this November  and I have a plan so we won't have to change our flags if they vote yes."
"00Feline"
"One of best pictures on the internet"
"Was at the club when zombies attacked!!!!!"
"Darwin musta had the day off (GIF)"
"r2 primus"
"How you doin'?"
"Priceless."
"THIS is my favorite .gif of all times."
"The first time I went to CircleJerk."
"Yep  that pretty much sums it up."
"Admit it. Most men on sexist jokes."
"Look Into My Eyes"
"Soon"
"It's a conspiracy  I'm telling you."
"MFW people tell me that &quot;Humans have something special&quot;"
"Pleased fan is pleased!"
"I wish I could be this excited about something."
"Man AND wife?!?"
"just pop started my car on my first attempt. my only reaction to this."
"How anyone being interviewed should respond ..."
"can i keep him?!?"
"Reddit...how it began"
"One and a two..."
"And a one... And a two... And a..."
"Do want."
"Shut up and take my money."
"I googled &quot;funny pictures&quot; and saw this  made me wonder what they saw there haha"
"my dog an hors playing togethr"
"Gangnam Style regret"
"Zzzz"
"Awwwwwww"
"Great parenting"
"One of my favorite pictures on the internet"
"Squidward hates our generation"
"Aarghblaaaarhgh"
"When you see it…"
"How I feel when my friend says I have more Karma than him"
"Wall climbing... like a boss!"
"Insane climber [gif]"
"How I feel when my posts are up voted into the double digits"
"I made you toast..."
"Occupy Ireland"
"Interesting way to celebrate"
"What i thought since the first time i saw this GIF"
"Everybody Shaking!!"
"America Fuck Yeah"
"When I realized it was finally my cakeday"
"After two days of no fap february"
"I hate when this happens."
"After not fapping for two weeks."
"I don't want to live in a world without PS"
"Grab my hand!"
"When a puppy experiences snow for the first time"
"You have to love Halloween.."
"Flying dildo!"
"Slow news day"
"When I saw the Bill Nye AMA"
"Libertarian Presidential Candidate: Gary Johnson crowd surfing [X-posts from /r/libertarian]"
"How I felt as a Brisbanian at the end of Adventures in Magic Kingdom Episode 1"
"Me  every time I try submit something funny"
"Aaaaaaaaaand.....fuck"
"An argument against Intelligent Design"
"When you see it  you'll know."
"Shrapnel"
"What do I do now?!"
"When I heard Obama made an AMA [FIXED]"
"And THAT  my friends  is gangsta..."
"BIG BEAR DOING THANGS (wat)"
"I was looking for a picture of Hobbes I could get as a tattoo  which led to this"
"Dinosaurs are gay  which is why they're extinct... wat?"
"The Bible Explains What Happened to the Dinosaurs--and It Isn't Pretty"
"All I can think when EVERY woman lists herself as &quot;active&quot; or &quot;athletic&quot; in an online profile..."
"my reactions(in order) when a girl comes up to my room and says &quot;I don't feel like having sex tonight&quot;"
"Poor Clive"
"Watching someones post getting downvoted to oblivion"
"Get in here... [GIF]"
"Gifs that made me laugh this year"
"Dog picking up chick [gif]"
"The difference a comma makes"
"Whip my hair back and forth"
"For my Cakeday  I present to you the first image I ever upvoted."
"Never Forget"
"It's shit like this  med school.."
"A 23-year-old medical student..."
"This is how some people decide to tackle the problem of potholes"
"New definition of badass"
"The dust may rise"
"Bane will stop at nothing to ruin my day."
"Don't f**k with Bane..."
"That's actually a truck..."
"It's the only way to destroy it"
"No Fap September is going to be rough...."
"Favorite gif so far."
"I don't even fucking know..."
"well alright then...."
"In Memory of John Lennon  who was shot dead on this day 31 years ago by a Religious Nut. Lennon  you are bigger than Jesus."
"It's easy if you try.."
"What I learned how to do in PSYchology..."
"That is one big-ass hot air balloon"
"This will make you smile"
"Well...someone has to cover the big stories."
"Saw this on FB. Foot meets polar bear. NSFL"
"How I feel doing algebra for the first time in 4 years..."
"Just got added to a new class 3 weeks into school..."
"Jesus Saves..."
"Swingin' dog."
"Cursor disco"
"How I feel when I get one downvote after getting dozens of upvotes."
"Apparently being in first place is equivalent to kidnapping Liam Neeson's daughter."
"This just popped up on my facebook feed... That escalated quickly."
"It even has fake toe-nails to help him fit in with the other elephants."
"You can make your next move now"
"Only One Wish"
"PBF Comics always are a good pick me up...until I realized I would be that first guy..."
"AAAAAHHHH.........moooo"
"jewish puppet show"
"Whenever a theist says he's a better person because of his god [gif]"
"The feeling you get when you can't feel your phone"
"amen to that."
"Popped up on my Facebook feed"
"Terraria is coming XBLA and PSN."
"TuckerMax on Adele"
"his name has never been so accurate"
"Sweet dreams are made of cat [3:35]"
"Who said it?"
"who said it?"
"i would still do it though"
"A Snapshot From Mountaineer’s Life"
"Looked up the super best friends and this came up..."
"Me Dancing to Dubstep"
"Does the dancing turn you on? Totally understandable."
"murder or suicide?"
"My mind just exploded."
"Derpsi (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Good Old Games  you know what to do."
"It's so horribly  horribly well done."
"Steve Urkel's 2 girls 1 cup reaction video"
"President Obama's new campaign poster"
"awkward family photo"
"The observable universe [fixed]"
"10 Canine Commandments"
"Parenting"
"Reddit's* sense of humor"
"Just made the least manly noise possible  not even ashamed"
"&quot;Me No Like Waller Melons&quot;"
"My face when failing every diet and eat pizza"
"Surprise!"
"What I want to say to developers every year when they won't stop with the motion controls."
"Shark Attack 6: Infinite Pursuit: From CollegeHumor"
"Browser Wars"
"Aaaand then there's Internet Explorer..."
"&quot;I just want to dance...&quot;"
"these hips don't lie"
"GUYS. THIS KITTEN. ;u;"
"roll over"
"Martial Arts Kitty"
"The one gif that always make me smile for you on my cakeday"
"Every Winter"
"Goose Rap"
"Only Built 4 Hard Shells..."
"What has been seen.."
"Nightime...Daytime!"
"In Minnesota  not all cats are lucky enough to make the front page (taken by on trail camera)"
"So I tried to hit a bong for the first time..."
"yay pokemon! ... wait  what?"
"Stumbling into r/beatingwomen"
"C-C-C-Combo Breaker!!!"
"MY favorite .gif (jessica alba included)"
"DogHouseDiaries on mobile gaming"
"me and gandalf on our way to defqon  hopefully we will find my ring hehe"
"This is what popped up on my News Feed this morning on Facebook..."
"There's clearly no argument here."
"There's clearly no argument here."
"What matters isn't that you got out  it's that you TRIED"
"What I feel like listening to love songs by myself..."
"How to do homework"
"moo cow"
"I just made bacon and eggs  as someone who never cooks  this is how it feels."
"In honor of its upcoming sequel  here is a summary of the original movie &quot;Taken&quot;"
"Better late then never  my giftee is getting this ^_^"
"BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL"
"Pretty cool storm cloud"
"Let me play you the song of my people"
"What I think this is"
"Mount Everest [1920x1080]"
"No brain freeze?..."
"Just when this meme was dying.."
"Still the best picture on the internet..."
"Christian Pokemon (x post from r/gaming)"
"Tigers are big pussies"
"You don't look so tough to me!"
"How I feel whenever a good Facebook fight breaks out"
"When I stir up the pot in a debate on facebook..."
"Well would ya look at that"
"Every Time!"
"Sir Wilfred Slytherin (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Arnensee Lake  Switzerland"
"Suddenly  kittens !"
"Not sure super lucky or playing with super noobs"
"Anders? Blake? Adam? Is that you?"
"Oh god no..."
"Trypophobia  anyone?"
"Okay  now I'm confused."
"Reddit Cake Day and 100% on Exam?"
"Gum ball roulette  cause its fun for everyone"
"That's some pure evil right there."
"It's not his fault he's small!"
"I do this at least once a day."
"Oh  you wanna have a comment war! I've been here 3 years motherfucker! you! CAN'T! HURT ME! ANYMORE!"
"Eating like a boss."
"My wife asked me to buy her this new Lego set. I didn't even know she liked Legos (NSFWish)"
"I hope she washed her hands after they finished."
"Parenting Level OVER 9000!!!!"
"When you see it O.o"
"Nice throw  would've gone into the bucket..."
"My favorite &quot;fuck this&quot; gif"
"Unstoppable Koala"
"Mindblowing Mount Rainier Shadow"
"Stunning sunset of Mt. Rainier casting a shadow on the clouds."
"monday..."
"I would shit my pants if i saw this while hiking alone!!"
"Hong Kong Skyline: It's amazing to think how many different people  stories and lifestyles are captured in this picture alone"
"Meanwhile...in Japan"
"Fuck Gravity!"
"Every time I summit a link!!!!! Fuck my life!!"
"Aquaduct made from Galleons. Sea  Clouds  Surreal [1600x790]"
"The Perceivers Are Not Amused"
"Pizza breathing."
"Said no one  ever."
"Horrible fate of all of us."
"Making a glass horse"
"Hardcore Colbert // From Gifsound  thought it was better in funny"
"My summer book report so far..."
"Ann Romney's RNC speech."
"Duckling goes for a run"
"Run for your lives!"
"Duckling attacking"
"Reddit on LSD"
"When my friends don't like my choice in music."
"Escaping from prison like a boss"
"Might be a repost but it's a valid point"
"Cat toss"
"Sitting back watching my posts... Hell yea I got upvoted."
"You Harry!"
"How considerate of Stevo"
"life jackets - worst invention evaaaaah"
"Snoop Dogg dressed as Count Chocula  Smoking a Blunt..."
"Snoop Dogg being Count Bluntula. That is all"
"Yeah...so this is a hairless bear o.0"
"What a Ride!!!"
"I'm a grown-ass man  and these three are still the reason why I love Halloween."
"Talent  eh?"
"I'm sure he'll hit the ap- OH MY GOD."
"Proper teaching of how to ride a bike."
"You had one job..."
"Such a cutie"
"This is one dandelion."
"Thats funny reddit... Now let me refresh the page"
"Finals are over!"
"EVERY TIME you see this screen"
"What the front page is REALLY like today"
"Here's a picture of your worst nightmare. now give me karma."
"Isn't it fun to be a part of this? - Imgur"
"This literally made me twitch"
"How to really annoy a redditor"
"The War Z Steals League of Legends EULA (Really?...)"
"How I felt during my Europe trip"
"Look at it"
"Uh-uh"
"How I feel finding a perfect gif i have saved for an online conversation"
"Today I played Saints Row: The Third for the first time. My reaction."
"Happy kitty c:"
"The last three people I sent a friend request to haven't accepted yet"
"Whale Surf"
"I see your whale kite and I raise you a whale and a kite (surfer) ..."
"Same height party"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh"
"The answer to a hungry man"
"When someone downvotes my post"
"AVENGERS ASSEMB...oh god..."
"Still my favorite GIF on the web"
"Every. single. time."
"DROP IT"
"When I put my sunglasses on..."
"Paul Ryan Stiles"
"The Paul Ryan battle has started in /r/pics"
"Googled &quot;douchebaggery&quot; [FIXED]"
"I told him santa wasn't real"
"You want to see his tail wag"
"Worst robbery ever."
"Holy F'in NOOOOPPPEEEEEE!"
"Global Reddit meetup 2012. Time to party with my people."
"We Have A Problem"
"Squidward's Booty"
"Such A Happy Couple."
"Awww otters"
"this is gonna get me through the next couple hours of work"
"Boop."
"Boop."
"I have the perfect endpin..."
"Louis C.K. on minorities."
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful... no wait"
"I got into a horrible crash 2 weeks ago  and was diagnosed with ovarian cysts last week. This is the only thing that cheered me up this morning."
"Wobble hands [x-post from /r/gifsound]"
"Don't look over there baby.."
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif"
"Friend sent me this to start my morning."
"I love the too many tabs tourist agency!"
"Frog and Toad fight the system!"
"Falcooon PUNCH!!!"
"We can't stop here! This is Jawa country..."
"Just two guys doing the dishes."
"Happy St. Patrick's Day!!"
"Pot of gold."
"Cleaning my Ferrari [GIF]"
"Googled &quot;What is Reddit?&quot; Accurate?"
"Horse with a pussy"
"How I feel at a party"
"HALP ME! SUCKD INTO ENCOM MAINFRAME!"
"The moment you left-click instead of right-click in Minesweeper."
"Dear OWS Movement Members  Perhaps more like this and less like usual  eh?"
"when pigs ... swim"
"To the last breath"
"Would you rather fight 100 normal sized pigeons or one one horse sized pigeon?"
"Can someone explain this to me? If it's true  how did Apply win anything?"
"Meeting someone who smokes at a really lame party"
"Reddit's relationship with Liam Neeson as of late."
"How Keanu Reeves celebrates Halloween"
"Happy birthday Farrokh Bulsara/ Freddie Mercury. You will always be remembered."
"That moment..."
"Sums up an early 1990's argument..."
"Best Friends"
"OOHH THE LAWD ALMIGHTY"
"After only being able to get dirt for almost 2 months  my local dealer called me to say he has high grade instock waiting for me."
"How as an American I feel about Australia's spiders"
"All I do is win."
"Hitler and bank charges according to 4chan (shockingly good for them)"
"My reaction when the Front Page from yesterday gets reposted and makes the Front Page today while I Post Original Content and get downvoted to Oblivion..."
"A day in the life of a Dog and a Cat."
"What reddit's cat thinks..."
"Pull Over?"
"Air Conditioning was fixed last night  this is how I woke up this morning."
"Classic R Swanson"
"Recaptcha is good for something after all."
"I'd interview him just for shits &amp; giggles"
"Why? Because Internet."
"Here's a dragon dancing in a club"
"Come at me bra"
"How I reacted when I discovered my first grey hair today"
"What most /r/gaming threads boil down to"
"Everyone is an atheist like me."
"Ricky Gervais about gods"
"this is why I usually don't give a fuck"
"Soda in a parallel universe..."
"Jim Carrey. Dancing. That is all."
"It's cake day! Let's get this dace party started!"
"4chan versus the Internet"
"disarm this!"
"One of the most realistic Iron Man cosplays I have ever seen"
"Right prairie  right time..."
"I swear  it's just a butterfly!"
"Street Fighter ex plus Obama"
"Every Politician Ever"
"Just noticed its my cake day and my summer is almost over..."
"Since I don't have a first period  this happens quite frequently."
"The truth is..."
"YOLO - Dog edition"
"Fat level: Sonic the Hedgehog"
"Amazing magic trick."
"Kung Fu Panda"
"All these scumbag fat girls seems to be a venting of frustrations. This is the only way I can seem to get you guys to smile it off."
"Anybody know this girl's name?"
"MFW stopgirl says stop"
"You'll reluctantly click one more link.. With what little hope remains for it to not be the stop girl."
".....hammer time."
"Do YOU have a foot fetish? This ones for you."
"Taking fetish to the next level (NSFW)"
"Seinfeld Wars"
"Helping a friend"
"Makes me smile every damn time"
"How I felt approaching my cake day"
"Let's face it  this is what redditors have become."
"Everybody on the dance floor"
"Remember..."
"Captain Obvious"
"OH CRAP"
"Life just isn't fair sometimes..."
"How I feel seeing all the pregnant cats on r/aww..."
"How I've felt the last couple days"
"Whenever I play Oblivion/Skyrim"
"I'm just sayin..."
"Reading r/funny today  I find myself asking this question..."
"Is it just a hunt for karma?"
"When I see people post pictures oftheir Christmas gifts."
"Your mama is so fat  much like this cat."
"women..."
"My friend posted this as his new Facebook profile pic yesterday. He's lost 22 friends  so far."
"What Jesus thinks of your facebook Christmas posts."
"My neighbors at 3 am."
"Feeding"
"Chimp feeding a Tiger"
"WARNING!! Cuteness overload."
"Cliffs of Moher: Extreme Mountain biking"
"As an Australian citizen  this is how I will view the American elections."
"&quot;Get off the computer  go outside  get a life&quot; &quot;But I...&quot;"
"So my wife wanted me to watch the Katy Perry movie with her. The only thing I took from the movie was this  a screenshot from the end."
"How I run to the door when expecting a package"
"This man does NOT like to be honked at"
"Breast or legs (fb)"
"When I hear a pop-up ad start to play in the background [Fixed]"
"Simon Amstell on religion..."
"When everyone agrees to get dessert at the restaurant."
"How I feel on Thanksgiving"
"I think we can all relate"
"Just a Kitten  soooo adorable!"
"Googled &quot;cats&quot; this was the first search result..."
"it's not an alien maggot transformation  it's molting of cicada"
"Why are they teal?"
"We all know that one guy at parties..."
"Party Hard and Often"
"It is almost friday!!!!"
"Still one of my favorite gifs ever"
"Nooooooooooooope nope nope nope"
"TTTTTTTTTTTUUUUUUUUUBBBBBBBEEEEEEEEE"
"New York Times art swipe?"
"Now I can die in peace."
"Average game of baseball..."
"Yer a creeper Harry"
"Why you should always sleep with a Teddy bear"
"Mr. Potter... (Annotated)"
"In the fifth  your ass goes down"
"Just cruisin'"
"By conquering the sky  Vladimir Putin has conquered our hearts"
"Colorado Springs fire (xpost r/pics) [765x1024]"
"Colorado Springs is on fire (xpost r/pics) [pic]"
"just saw this awesome picture.. nice weather there"
"how Me and my friend dances when listening to dubstep."
"Pedobear meeting powerpuff girls"
"Armadillo Lizard"
"How I feel heading to classes knowing I haven't bought my textbooks yet"
"Please do this"
"Public transportation."
"She is scared by Sandy"
"Anytime I manage to get my arm around a woman"
"The greatest threat to western civilization"
"Black people.."
"How to do CPR"
"Deleted Scenes"
"Tell her I live with my parents... on the way to &quot;my place&quot;."
"Every time I'm eating breakfast and get stuck at a red light..."
"For my real life cake day  I present to you some of my favorite gifs"
"Today is a very special day"
"STAR FOX IS DOWN"
"Bath time? No no no no no."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"I googled how to quit reddit"
"Professor Dog."
"Fo Fuk's Sake"
"Anyone else want a HD remake and a Sequel?"
"The wrongest number"
"My friend's new kitten"
"If only we could find a way to keep it this size... [x-post from /pics]"
"I found this on my facebook wall today from my sister. They can't unrape you."
"Lego wall"
"The possibilities are endless..."
"It's my birthday and this pretty much just happened to me."
"Industrial pencil sharpener"
"Cops?? No problem"
"Friends reaction when I told them I lost my virginity"
"When ever someone takes my phone..."
"Having failed at reaping cake day karma by posting a pic  I'll just resort to a more direct approach."
"Bumpy road ahead!"
"To all you guys"
"This will make you smile. [x-post from ITAP]"
"Guess who gives absolutely zero fucks about the Kardashians!"
"How I feel being in my mid to upper 20s on r/trees"
"How religious redditors must feel."
"Googled &quot;wut&quot;  did not dissapoint"
"Fo drizzle."
"I'm about to crumb."
"How I feel about the MLB playoffs."
"When a girl asks me if I've read 50 Shades of Grey"
"When I realised my daughter's violin concert fell on the date the Dark Knight opens"
"Ahhh! Ahhhh!"
"When you spill cereal all over the carpet and don't know what to do"
"I have jury duty today..."
"Totally thought I missed my first Cake Day. This is how I felt..."
"Old  but one that always gets me."
"sounds like a challenge! [x-post from r/WTF]"
"Shots!!"
"Something I did with a squirrel I saw"
"Waking up in the middle of a dream about sex"
"Can't stop watching this..."
"when I saw that my small subreddit had reached 50 subscribers"
"Draw the other half of the Rabbit."
"Dirty things"
"How I see all the girls at Mardi Gras [Ex-Post from /r/Zoidberg]"
"If Giuliani was in charge of the numbers."
"This may have been posted before  but I just discovered it today and it's one of the cooler gifs I've seen."
"boxing bear"
"An ageless tragedie"
"A young Louis CK with Marc Maron"
"The Australians Were Here"
"Describing RES to a redditor who doesn't have RES"
"Boobs or I move him closer"
"Boobs!.. or i move him closer [SFW]"
"Boobs or he dies.. r/aww will not be happy"
"His tongue moves to the beat."
"&quot;hashshshaashshshaaashmmmp&quot;"
"It's not what they're arguing for. It's how they're arguing for it."
"Obama's logic can also apply to gay marriage..."
"How I feel walking out of Home Town Buffet."
"Whenever I answer my girlfriend's argument with logic..."
"Giving my colleagues my personal phone number just before a holiday"
"MFW I realised there was no toilet paper left after I had taken a HUGE dump."
"Murrica...?"
"Do you even lift?"
"Troy's worst nightmare (x-post from WTF)"
"Happy ending?"
". . . and now I have a heart."
"What have you learned  Dorothy?"
"How I feel when I run up an escalator"
"Whenever I get the flu..."
"What I thought of from tonight's walking dead episode"
"Peter Pan's shadow painted on the wall"
"Nun!"
"I heard a busker singing one direction while I was stopped at a red light. This was all I could think of."
"Cha cha real smooth"
"trippy profile pic"
"When people make fun of me for going to church."
"This would have made Face Off far better"
"How I feel when I get to the bottom of the cereal box"
"Good God Woman"
"Cuz  you know. .. . .. . ..bear dig that sort of shit."
"Free High Fives"
"My reaction to Paul Ryan being picked as Romney's VP nominee"
"Everytime I See a Brand New Redditor Trying to Get Karma off a Recent Repost"
"Keep rubbing it!"
"Cakeday present from me to you - 30+ random gifs"
"its a trap!!!"
"Find the mistake."
"So close  Johnny"
"Slo-mo lightning: cloud to ground plus return stroke."
"Not quite what George Orwell had in mind..."
"Next time I think I am going to keep the light beers away from the dark beers..."
"Next time I think I am going to keep the light beers away from the dark beers..."
"Who knew beer could be racist"
"If Mona Lisa was a redditor..."
"Every pet needs a walk"
"College Freshman"
"Twice as good as Keyboard Cat"
"Failing like a boss"
"Mammary Monday ...meow"
"The desk of a teacher at my school. He's really into gaming."
"The desk of a teacher in my school who is really into gaming."
"wow everything is grEAT"
":D"
"This really should be a breed"
"It's a pikachu"
"Just pikachu... in real life..."
"The world series crushed my tiny soul. Was still numb when the Cowboys lost  so..."
"How I feel as a man  regarding boobs and mind control."
"Funniest GifSound I've ever encountered"
"That is one tiny penis. (SFW)"
"By the curb"
"Massive Landslide in Taiwan"
"After another long day"
"When I see a post about YouTube comments"
"A gay Vietnam veteran"
"Well that escalated quickly. (found on Facebook)"
"That really got out of hand fast."
"looks legit"
"I'm starting to have second thoughts about this &quot;candy store&quot;."
"Living in Switzerland"
"Living in Switzerland"
"The Great Debate [Fixed/Over]"
"$1 sure isn't what it used to be."
"Mentos and beer? ...oh."
"It's about fucking time."
"Its all your fault"
"Probably the most epic thing I have ever seen"
"Thank god!! It finally arrived!!"
"IT HAS ARRIVED!"
"How it feels when I lose an argument."
"Penguin slap"
"Friends are always friends .."
"Fuck no..."
"This requires guts and courage!"
"That door doesn't stand a chance..."
"This shit makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Reddiquette"
"When the person before you forgot to flush"
"Play it cool  baby. Play it cool."
"Can you believe this shit?"
"&quot;I've made a huge mistake&quot;"
"This appeared on my Facebook wall from a uk paper"
"Porn logic"
"porn logic"
"A Clown Riding a.......wtf"
"dont know what to look at first [NSFW]"
"Seems legit."
"How I feel listening to all the guys in my office talk about Fantasy Football..."
"When hanging out with my friend's girlfriend."
"Everything Wrong With America: Pastor Makes Over $200 Million A Year Tax-Free  Even Though He Directly Asked For Donations Towards A $36 Million Dollar Private Plane. Oh  And He Pretends To Cure AIDS With A 'Jesus Jacket'."
"A new toy  let me just tou- OH LAWD  HAVE MERCY!"
"I don't think anybody's day can remain sour while viewing this."
"This is what powers the universe."
"oh shit  oh shit  oh shit!"
"When I get woken up to eat breakfast"
"Miniature chameleon recently discovered in Madagascar"
"And now?!"
"They for sure like to rub it in..."
"Here's a sign found in Israel that would probably be useful in the USA."
"Your choice fatty!"
"Call me Bird of Paradise"
"If Bill Cosby was my job  and I was a little fat kid..."
"Weirdest Shoes Ever!"
"Be hatin'"
"This makes me uncomfortable."
"'Murica"
"what is this.. i don't even..."
"Just a kid and a banana"
"Two girls one taco. SFW"
"Sharing Tacos"
"bill fucking murray"
"This has to be the greatest picture of Obama that I have EVER seen"
"I would love to have one of these!"
"So long and thanks for all the fish.."
"Dad in the middle: &quot; oh shit  oh shit  oh shit &quot;"
"Nice try mom."
"4000 kids die everyday because..."
"i know kung fu"
"Atttack!!! (first)"
"Everything went better than expected"
"It's just you."
"Where in the world...?"
"How I feel after taking my last summer exam"
"Coke is one hell of a drug"
"When mum came home and I was meant to be doing chores."
"Why are there more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee?"
"Definition of &quot;oh shit!&quot;"
"How people feel trying to get to the front page..."
"you had one job"
"CSI: King of the Hill Edition"
"What the actual fuck is fashion coming too..."
"Bane Capital"
"Real Life Awkard penguin"
"Star Wars escalator"
"You only had one job to do . . . ."
"I found this pic ages ago which is still relevant to this day."
"I love my job  it's grate."
"How I feel after 1 upvote"
"Didn't see that coming.."
"This kinda explains reddit politics"
"That about sums it up."
"I don't think that's what it means..."
"Mrs Bear Grylls [NSFW]"
"Bear Grylls doesn't have anything on this girl."
"Truly wtf  can someone explain what I am seeing and why they are doing what they are doing? [GORE/NSFW/WTF]"
"Wehre aur u fruhm?"
"When code works after the first compile"
"How I feel when my boss emails me that he's not coming into work on Friday."
"How I feel when Reddit is filled with funny posts"
"Whenever somebody up votes my comment with 0 karma."
"How I felt when I got a B on an final assignment I never turned in"
"When my comment reply gets more upvotes than the parent."
"Checking my account on pay day and there's way more than I thought."
"Me enjoying the irony of someone commenting with &quot;Your retarted.&quot;"
"Yeah  this would have been my advice too."
"That should help with the spots."
"Hello my doggy"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop..."
"Waka Waka!"
"Been replaying Bioshock 2 lately. This is easily my favorite part of all the Bioshock games."
"No fucks were given that day"
"Meanwhile in Colorado."
"A young Neil deGrasse Tyson (x-post from /r/OldSchoolCool)"
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"Beep! Derivery!"
"Pimped up ride"
"Reddit on steam recently"
"I will never be this badass"
"In Soviet Russia  man chase bear"
"Used corvette for sale  tail lights good"
"Port Isaac and the neighbouring coast of North Cornwall captured from a Cessna light aircraft at 2000 feet"
"Well that about sums it up..."
"The Good  The Bad and The Unlucky"
"New favorite gif!"
"Bless you"
"First grade problems."
"Nuke out to sea. The colors are simply radiating."
"When I realized I missed the Obama AMA"
"This is how my day starts when I'm on a deadline."
"Need a good lawyer...?"
"How I feel waiting for my shift to end right before I start my vacation"
"Forever horny"
"Gravity in Pakistan"
"Whoa! Down boy!"
"After getting ridiculously drunk last night and texting about every ex on my phone"
"This thug sure knows how to Photoshop!"
"Batman to the knee."
"No not arrows  bullets are better."
"im going to date a women that doesnt drink now"
"4chan on Skyrim"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk"
"Pole dancing skills - 6913370ver9000"
"Just a classic for everyone!"
"How I feel after getting spawn killed in COD:MW."
"When the FedEx guy shows up with my new computer."
"Apparently big black movie stars are interchangeable..."
"Who needs /r/malefashionadvice?"
"googling the droids"
"I know this old news but..."
"Realism"
"Carnival!!!"
"Gangnam Style"
"CATNAM STYLE !!!"
"lick lick lick"
"Why haven't I noticed the poster in Ron's office before?"
"This One Always Makes My Day Better"
"&quot;This one... This one I feel good about!&quot;"
"Night and Day"
"My first kiss while I'm nervous about my boner"
"&quot;And now  young Skywalker... You will die.&quot;"
"So this came up on a google image search...."
"My Girlfriend [Fixed]"
"Can't put this on Facebook  but it's perfect for Reddit!"
"Little Hitler"
"Dragon Falls  Venezuela"
"Little Mermaid"
"Scream pepper."
"How I feel trying to use nice cameras"
"so some artist just turned his dead cat into a RC helicopter.."
"&quot;Thank god the﻿ deer could fly away before it got hit&quot;"
"Because Fukushima isn't funny just yet."
"how do you make bongos that small anyway"
"I shall play you the song of my people."
"One at a time ladies..."
"Choices."
"Shuttle Launch Reflection"
"The end of an era"
"Found a Faceswap Folder on My Old Computer"
"Interesting travel snack"
"roses are red"
"How I feel on my cake day."
"Well played Hersheys  well played."
"My reaction on browsing /r/curvy"
"It snowed today in parts of South Africa; picture from the Joburg Zoo."
"It's snowing in South Africa today"
"This gif always makes my day."
"Enjoying your job."
"the evolution of the bathroom"
"Happy Birthday  you magnificent bastard"
"Obama Is Quite Proud"
"Then and Now"
"I want to break up"
"Forever alone...Together."
"Wanna come over and watch a movie? (SFW)"
"Dubai on a cloudy day."
"Scumbag father [FIXED]"
"I think I found Ridiculously Photogenic Guy's grandfather."
"Hello there  nice to meet you"
"Piggy-Back riding when your older"
"This made me laugh so hard. (@~@)"
"Would you be mine  could you be mine  won't you be my neighbor?"
"The view I had of turtles has changed... forever."
"Finn and Jake I found"
"An Interesting Choice of Abbreviation..."
"How we deal with breakups..."
"Remember when your parents wouldn't let you have a trampoline?"
"I see a baby bear."
"Needless to say I look in the mirror alot."
"Video gaming in 1994 vs 2010"
"When I want to eat and the recipe says &quot;Let sit for 1 hour&quot;"
"Whenever I see a promising post title  but it's a link to YouTube."
"What I think when I see all the elaborate Halloween costumes..."
"How I feel when I see a picture with a lot of words"
"Are you doing your part?"
"USA swim team getting beat by France"
"How I felt after missing my first cake day by one day."
"The models for American Gothic  Nan Wood Graham and Byron McKeeby  1930"
"The models for &quot;American Gothic&quot;. Posing didn't seem that much of a stretch for them."
"No man shall ever interfere with that again..."
"No she didn't ... ?"
"What i think &quot;Catching Fire&quot; did to the hunger games trilogy.[NSFW]"
"WTF shopping"
"I find this funny with all the election stuff"
"People told me this belongs here."
"That Damn Pole"
"Don't be sexist."
"Good Advice"
"Whenever I think I've found a witty insult to use [2]."
