"And here's a downvote."
"how i feel whenever i submit here"
"My brother when he found my reddit account."
"Ohhh  that's a lovely picture of your country."
"Anatomy of a downvote"
"sweet ball trick"
"Science!"
"Science! [gif]"
"Man jacks off whale and eats its semen"
"Precious: Based on the Novel &quot;Push&quot; by Sapphire"
"So close..."
"Forever arone"
"Forever Alone level: Tourist"
"Women can be forever alone too"
"My All-Time Favourite 2 Player Game"
"I LOVE YOU MAN!"
"Well.."
"Pobre Peter"
"Badass Level: Tattoo-faced Maori Businessman"
"Fire"
"Indian performs a fire breathing act (from r/fireporn)"
"Do math!"
"It's a revelation! &quot;Cheesus&quot;"
"Mind=Blown"
"Origin of Humans"
"Just saw this on my Facebook feed."
"I made this post to add it to my saved list. Please dont upvote"
"I told him. He Didn't Listen"
"Zippity Zoopity Zopity"
"Who likes short shorts..."
"Easily the most astute review ever written about The Jersey Shore"
"Good on you Jim."
"The problem with public transportation"
"So not hot chocolate."
"Wut?"
"The Ultimate Fighting Style [gif]"
"The Ultimate Fighting Style [gif]"
"I don't care if its been posted 100 times. I can watch it over  and over  and over again."
"Im Gunna Slap Your Shit."
"Oh stop it  you!"
"When I fell for my first screamer"
"When I played baseball for the first time"
"For reddit's dog owners"
"Truly man's best friend"
"Looking at my submissions and realizing the only one over with over 1000 upvotes is about poop.."
"My first trip into r/christianity.."
"What I do whenever people start talking about religion in public"
"When I make a mistake at work and no one knows it was me yet"
"My reaction after seeing Overly Attached Girlfriend all over front page..."
"That moment where you realize that that guy from highschool who you were never really close with  but who's had your back in all your recent FB political arguments is a Scientologist"
"From Cute to Killer In 1 year"
"Couldn't help myself"
"It was a brutal way to go."
"Stupidity.... its a killer"
"The moon and Venus over Switzerland."
"Moon and Venus Over Switzerland"
"How r/atheism works"
"Always cut your toenails horizontally."
"I work with very conservative Christians. This morning they were talking about how they agree with North Carolina. This is how I've felt all day long"
"When I see &quot;thumbs up if reddit sent u&quot; on YouTube in the comments"
"how i felt when i checked reddit and my karma had quad-tripled overnight"
"You came to the wrong neighbourhood"
"How I feel going to Best Buy..."
"Ron Swanson at his finest"
"Fuck this ... I'm walking"
"I just want to put a saddle on it and ride it into the sunset"
"Why?!?!"
"Why I always hated presenting during class..."
"Paul Ryan Tiger Beat Time Magazine Pedo Shoot  these are real"
"Case and point..."
"Yep that's exactly what I wanted to type..."
"Tried to send a rage face....."
"probably the only autocorrect word i agree with."
"Hungry Hungry Escalator."
"You are not going to believe what my dog did to my homework"
"Aww"
"lion's mane jellyfish"
"Aquatic Nope: Lion's Mane Jellyfish"
"Completely Unconcerned [gif]"
"Puffer Fish Fun"
"Just spinning."
"Madness"
"&quot;the lake isnt as fun as a waterpark you say? well i'll show you&quot;"
"Found this in my news feed"
"Ah. I see what you did there."
"It's my oneyear-iversary. For my cake day  I'll like to submit a picture of what I think are nature's cutest animals and I move to have them replace cats."
"Now I'm one of those people who x-posts from r/aww..."
"Guile theme really does go with everything"
"Live  from Super Ski Sunday..."
"Wtf is going on up there Canada"
"WTF Canada?"
"Treestars Bitch!"
"When my friend told me he didn't like The Land Before Time movies"
"When I found out someone in my family had married a slave 400 years ago..."
"Today's my Reddit birthday  this is how i feel about my submissions over the past year."
"Nigardsbreen Ice Cave  Norway"
"When I read arguments in the comments"
"Obama riding a unicorn with a sword. Oh  Hugh Laurie and Joseph Stalin."
"My new response to everything"
"found this on fb I believe it belongs here"
"One shot"
"The old popcorn trick."
"Deformed stillbirths due to Agent Orange exposure"
"How my cats feel about my furniture. (x-post from r/funny)"
"That doesn't make any sense!"
"That doesn't make any sense!"
"When anyone refers to SWAG in their post."
"Startling realization"
"Why I love America (also why I'm glad I'm not american)"
"Good without God"
"So Christians aren't so helpful after all..."
"Yeah I got this"
"See how it's done?"
"I friend of mine made this his profile pic; he has always been a bit of and ass but this may be going too far"
"Boxcat"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore..."
"Evolution"
"You is a whole fool!"
"We've Got Our Self's a Badass Here [x-post from r/history]"
"Stock Up Everyone!"
"who's your co-pilot?"
"I think God was drunk....."
"5 years on reddit. No regrets."
"Anyone else as annoyed as me?"
"Every Friday Night Forever Alone"
"r/Conspiracy in a nutshell [Fixed]"
"Soon...."
"Soon..."
"Police bait"
"That didn't turn out as expected"
"She's so cut.....OH GOD"
"The most amazing minds of last century in one picture!"
"LOL weird pizza"
"Canadian CSI"
"&quot;OK  fine. I'll wear it. But just this one time.&quot;"
"Penis Vs. Brain (SFW)"
"This looks like heaven to me"
"It's so flawless."
"I was an accident too."
"Michael Jackson swigging vodka with two little people on his lap"
"An arm and a leg"
"Ultimate Privacy."
"After winning an argument with a friend."
"The King's son."
"Jesus has &quot;daddy issues&quot;"
"In another universe..."
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe..."
"What do we want!?"
"Time Travel. [fixed]"
"Typical Canadian winter  eh"
"Still my favorite kid's book"
"Best Bed EVER...?!"
"One annoying problem taken care of....."
"X-Wing Beard-genius (x-post from r/funny)"
"only in Ireland."
"Wanna see me give a f**k?"
"WWF Noms"
"Almost.."
"Bro-ba Fett"
"Just Shaq and his......girl.....friend....da fuck?"
"Me when my girlfriend says she has a &quot;surprise&quot; for me."
"Starfucks"
"Where better for a nap?"
"The future of the Universe"
"CTHULHU FOR PRESIDENT"
"The Walmart Rises"
"Fog rolling in- Marin Headlands  California"
"Taylor Swift is one of us..."
"Webber reports from VIP dinner"
"How I feel after not getting downvoted to Oblivion"
"Fire Crotch"
"Just got the Reddit Enhancement Suite"
"How I feel when I get 30 upvotes in one link"
"Sure  GoT is great  but it snows in Middle Earth too."
"Tiny Hippo Is a Force Not To Be Reckoned With"
"Ain't no one...."
"Baby hedgehog enjoying his bubble bath."
"Don' touch my pig!"
"Reddit's appropriate response to the forecasted bacon shortage:"
"When I realise its my cake day"
"MFW a shitty link gets upvoted to the front page"
"Pool Party!"
"Let's take a bath"
"Mess with the bull and you'll get the horns"
"..don't judge me"
"I shall consider your offer."
"After the advancement of games  how could we not make a reflection of this?"
"The Queen having a laugh at Prince Phillip's ceremonial uniform (xpost from r/unitedkingdom)"
"Facebook in History"
"Wearing contact lenses high."
"Halfway through class and in the front row  I always end up doing this..."
"Pose for the Camera"
"8xCombo"
"Keep it cool shaq"
"I'm sure no one is watching."
"I want these again. The pretzel ones just aren't the same"
"may I?"
"Damn you to hell"
"naptime for one"
"Higher Thinking indeed..."
"Obama-Wan Kenobi"
"Thou shalt drop thy like it's hot."
"Eating dinner with the family at a [5]"
"I would do so much fucking laundry."
"&quot;Ball so hard motherf*ckers wanna find me&quot;"
"Funny Animated GIF - Anybody know what it's from?"
"Guys  we might need to be more careful."
"kids will be kids"
"Picture of draining sink that looks like an eye [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"The most frightening thing about the universe [comic]"
"Bought an eighth yesterday and thought it would last the week"
"Whenever I hear my favorite song on the radio (FIXED)"
"Brilliant"
"We really need to move that deer crossing..."
"The irony of this post"
"How the people on Reddit looks like now."
"Why  Spongebob! Why!"
"Wow...Found this lady in Target  she's either completely oblivious or has a great sense of humor"
"12 sleeping baby pandas. Nuff said.(fixed)[fixed]"
"When people ask why I'm atheist."
"For the glory of Satan!"
"Glory of Satan!"
"What"
"I googled what will get me to the front page of reddit and this came up. So yeah. [maybe nsfw]"
"Defended my wife today  lost a shitload of karma"
"Tablecloth Trick"
"FATALITY!!!!!!"
"fixed scary monster crushes kid"
"Me during the first day of school today..."
"She likes this"
"Waaait a minute... I've done this before..."
"Every time I see the damn battery indicator.."
"The concept is simple. Take a blank sheet with nothing but the basic outline of a pinup girl and illustrate a unique scene around her."
"How to treat a lady?"
"catching flies"
"went to spacedicks...will never be the same"
"I came *this* close to having a conversation with Cleverbot."
"Whenever I see my SO opening dozens of video news tabs at once..."
"Seconds before that famous scene was shot"
"Go ahead and have a seat....."
"Wheatley? Wheatley??? Noooooo..."
"What usually happens when I post on reddit."
"Webcam stripping"
"If this doesn't make the front page I quit everything"
"this was really funny"
"The mustache that keeps on giving"
"Ron Swanson's cycle of mustache"
"This makes me laugh no matter how many times I see it."
"Reddit in a nutshell. Oldie but goodie. It's my inspiration to keep clicking next page every time I look outside"
"just hit over 1000 karma"
"Every time I see a redditor post about their kids"
"What I feel my facebook feed will look like when my friends start having babies."
"Two of my favs together at last."
"FMBaM"
"As an American  this is how I feel about how Australians feel about our heatwave posts."
"Never ceases to make me laugh."
"A hard lesson to learn."
"My Little Pony. (NSFW)"
"Doogie + Elmo = Party Bus. (x post was broken)"
"Just got a nice letter: I've been accepted at my Msc in clinical nutrition this fall!"
"Terrible mistake"
"I've made a terrible mistake..."
"Now this is a concept car!"
"Pie chart"
"Best pie chart ever!"
"An accurate pie chart."
"I ventured a bit too deep into the &quot;What is the weirdest sub reddit you've found&quot; thread"
"As a 19 year old who's never been outside Canada  this is how I imagine I'll react the first time I visit a foreign country. [first post]"
"Haven't been on imgur in 6 days. This is my reaction after launching the gallery today"
"Yes very...Aw Shit! Lawd jezus!"
"My face when my girlfriend says its pasta night"
"Playing Slender with a friend"
"Just hit 8 Years"
"Has Steam really been around this long? That's a third of my life!"
"Pugception"
"No pugs were harmed in the making of this photo  however one was slightly confounded by the meta-&quot;pugness&quot; contained..."
"Yo  I heard you guys liked puppies...."
"Nico"
"On my fb...that escalated quickly."
"This FB stuff has gone too far..."
"The Original Scumbag Steve"
"MARS PANORAMA | Rover 'Opportunity' took 817 pics within the 6months of its hibernation  creating this [HD] (/r/spaceporn)"
"Ocean law for sevens and greens"
"I searched 'weasel' to find a reference for drawing and this came up..."
"God answers boys prayers."
"I love the onion [x-post r/funny]"
"The most beautiful pens"
"8:30AM on a Friday and I'm already on reddit... How I'm going to feel by 5PM..."
"Fuck this kind of packaging."
"Trying to be a Knight of /new"
"Meanwhile at the library"
"ATTTTTTAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!!"
"My reaction after passing my drug test"
"I present to you.."
"Shit Spraying Device"
"How convinient!"
"According to my nephew  this is how recess is at his school."
"Sad story from 4chan....."
"UH-60L Door Gunner Part Deux"
"Who would win in a fist fight?"
"It was always my dream."
"Well that's not creepy..."
"Does anyone else think this is creepy?"
"Creepy"
"Kills bugs dead"
"Photoshop troll"
"Not so extreme....just brave"
"I'm about to start the first day of my Master's degree tomorrow - this was my face when I realized"
"Bruce &amp; Clark"
"Damn  this is a tough one"
"Has science gone too far?"
"I finally figured out why the petunias thought  &quot;Oh no  not again.&quot;"
"Classy lawn decor"
"r/AWWr"
"Needs practise"
"I may not go down in history..."
"A laser shined at the center of the Milky Way."
"Fresh prince of Canada (xpost from r/Canada)"
"Lily Pads."
"Oh happy day!"
"How to hide your porn [FIXED]"
"Let's hope this doesn't become a trend"
"Cat training"
"Whenever I ask my parents why I have to take out the trash"
"I saved a good link for months just so I could use it on my cakeday. This is how I felt when it fizzled out at 4 karma:"
"Anyone got another bottle?"
"Yoda at his finest"
"Scumbag Dog"
"The best Stratos Jump gif i've seen so far."
"Felix(the cat)jumps from the stratosphere."
"The real big jump"
"I Googled unicorn and got this....WTF"
"How in the..."
"IT'S GLORIOUS!"
"it keeps coming back."
"So i googled &quot;Topless Jennifer Aniston&quot;..."
"Oh random Imgur link  you so crazy"
"The Coolest Cat Ever"
"Beardhead"
"Look at Him Now"
"Bad luck Brian today"
"I cant think of a title but I fully agree with the message being portrayed here"
"I thought we agreed to not interfere in earthly affairs."
"What it's like when my team chases an enemy Shaco. [xpost from r/funny]"
"me dodging a fight with my gf"
"Logical Advice"
"Pirates of the Caribbean motion capture"
"Just a baby polar bear"
"This guy that has been hitting on me recently posted this on Facebook with the caption &quot;Jeaallouuusss.&quot; I don't know how to feel."
"How to Draw an Owl"
"I found Hipster Hitler"
"just a drop of snake venom..."
"The original starters (x-post from r/gif)"
"(Pokemon) evolutionary chain."
"FAIL at it's finest"
"Rescued this guy from a rouge gang of space rocks. Also  he served in the navy."
"4chan discovers a humanoid creature on google street view"
"OMG SMH LOL YOLO (when you see it)"
"Creepy tub is watching you."
"When I see long punny Facebook threads posted on Reddit."
"Australians thoughts on America this morning"
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"Bear problems"
"The fuck?"
"When I order something that looks better than what I have."
"My face whenever someone doesn't corner hit the bowl in rotation."
"If this doesn't fill you with WTF juices then I don't know what will."
"Follow your dreams"
"These are the &quot;additional&quot; costs to book a &quot;reward&quot; points flight on Air Canada"
"Meanwhile in China..."
"Also; The Worst Part About Living in Connecticut"
"Shoon."
"Benstillerfaggot69@verizon.net"
"Before I Knew You"
"How I feel after clearing 100GB+ of harddrive space..."
"That is exactly how it is..."
"How I Feel When I Decide to Up or Downvote a Post"
"Well that title is misleading..."
"put the fear of God in them"
"Bears acting Italian"
"Tampon USB"
"Limitations"
"Holiday spirit  you're doing it right"
"Awww.... Wait what...?"
"Spidey Getting All the Feels. (gif.)"
"How I feel playing soccer"
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"Corvette  meet hurricane."
"Today I found out there is something called a &quot;Scorpion Fly &quot; ...I'm not happy about it."
"My dildos are minions. Your argument is invalid. [NSFW]"
"WE MARCH AT DAWN!"
"Let me just get a little closer..."
"Not mine  but I don't think they'll be inviting that babysitter back!"
"The wind never had a chance"
"Godspeed you Cat Emperor"
"Just a baby Elephant playing in the water"
"You sure got a purty mouth.."
"AMERIKA FAKK YEAAAHHH!!!"
"Paw of Doom"
"Pull my finger... (had to reup it  old link wasn't working)"
"If you're looking for weird hand pictures  good luck finding something weirder than this."
"Apparently weird hands are the new thing on Reddit."
"Soon  r/creepy. Soon..."
"What video is this from? Found it once  can't find it again."
"Me?"
"Ezio's better half"
"Something Ive always suspected..."
"The truth behind Mickey's gloves (x-post from r/funny)"
"Can't beat a big free one!"
"ahh!"
"Horus saves"
"Jesus the Pharaoh's Messiah"
"Rick  you bastard!"
"Heartless Rick [Crosspost from r/Funny]"
"&quot;...And that was how we won the war&quot;"
"No tittle needed."
"What the fuck"
"Dem toes"
"Found this on my dash on tumblr... I couldn't stop staring."
"So my roommate was left alone today..."
"Why hello there. (Discovered from FB)"
"Terraced Rice Paddies in Bali  Indonesia"
"Nature"
"this gets me every time..."
"I should buy a boat..."
"Crazy tattoo idea"
"Family barbecue today..."
"Humans aren't the only stingy animals."
"Shaaark!"
"The Reddit hivemind."
"It wasn't me!"
"Heroic Exit"
"When girls say no  sometimes it might mean yes."
"So I tried salicylic acid for wart removal...I don't think it's working"
"How I felt when I first went on r/Spacedicks"
"Why  you ask?"
"Evolutionary Art"
"Oh Canada  you win."
"Good Guy Canada. This is our new money."
"I'm rarely a patriotic Canadian  but this makes me proud."
"The. Legend. of. Zelda."
"the depths of the trinity"
"Resident Evil 6: Giraffe Blowjob Edition"
"Taken just after a bee stings"
"Honeybee leaving stinger behind. Photo by Kathy Keatley Garvey."
"These Sarah Jessica Parker posts lately.."
"This must be how I go"
"SFW Fingering"
"I don't even..."
"This is not an ordinary mole. Reddit I give you a star-nosed mole"
"Who else loved this."
"Om nom nom"
"Just what the hell am I looking at here?"
"Got balled."
"When I think I did better on a test than I actually did."
"That's just wrong"
"My whole childhood...on a high school desk"
"Lean on me."
"Every time I see this  I think of my parents."
"Hands painted to look like real animals"
"Where black people go to get semi-decent donuts."
"My first try at this."
"Every time I bother to post something I think Reddit will like."
"Gorgeous view of the Milky Way  from Mars."
"Tag  bitch."
"This just made my day"
"Your hair dips into your food? Eat frill-necked lizard style!"
"This is not what I want to see when I'm about take a final."
"This never fails to make me nauseous."
"Suddenly... a cat"
"every time i try to escape reddit [GIF]"
"Why kerning is important."
"Why kerning is important."
"My roommate whenever I bring a girl over to the house.."
"Damn it  Moe"
"Thought that you all may enjoy this"
"What is love?"
"What is love?"
"I Photoshopped the world map inside out."
"Smooth criminal"
"Curiosity Rover's self-portrait"
"I want one!"
"Midget Ninja Elvis [gif]"
"Taking the dog for a walk"
"DELETE COOKIES?!?!?!"
"RATATATATA"
"It don't matter if you're black or white"
"Nothing scarier than a white woman turning into a black man (watch background)"
"I am trying oh so very hard not to win this game right now."
"How I feel when I'm going to work on Mondays"
"How I feel when I try to cheer up a depressed buddy..."
"Reddit  from now on you will have to work for your upvote"
"Reach for it..."
"Oh 4chan..."
"Girls who look like they are going to explode out of their clothing any second."
"Taken from /r/ImGoingToHellForThis"
"The greatest aquarium ever!"
"How I feel when replying &quot;not really&quot; when my GF asks &quot;does my ass look big in these pants?&quot;"
"Well Said Oscar"
"Water droplet in front of a map"
"Close up on a single drop of water in front of a map"
"Richard Pryor on Christianity"
"Some days feel like this"
"How I feel as a student now that it's summer"
"Its harder than it looks!"
"I couldn't agree more Patrick"
"Hulk not go...Hulk need to POOOOOO!!!!"
"Now I understand !"
"22 years later  I still miss the work of this wonderful human being. RIP Jim Henson."
"Totally worth it?!"
"So that's how they make it."
"The making of PB"
"Mr. T gets down"
"Southwest should have kicked THIS lady off too!"
"Not one fuck was given."
"Can anyone from Mexico tell me why this dog is so famous there?"
"It aint easy being a Physics major."
"Kira's successor really likes to keep it original."
"Hands down  best photo ever"
"Living with two female roommates .."
"WTF Target?"
"Bathroom Secrets..."
"Eggception"
"How I feel arguing with my parents."
"A father and his son"
"Redditor's and their sons"
"but lieutenant Dan you aint got no legs"
"Always room for one more"
"Can someone make this into a wallpaper with the pic and words off to bottom right? I give you free reign."
"I'm ready for Christmas"
"Some men just want to watch the world..."
"MFW successful post."
"Just a cave in Vietnam."
"This is kinda creepy"
"How I Feel When I'm Downvoted for Giving Advice"
"Aww-inspiring"
"When I see somebody texting and driving."
"NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"Being excited to be a part of the Guinness World Records  then finding out I have to pay for the certificate"
"Not Safe For Cat Work."
"Pacman Explained"
"the best part about web programming"
"How I feel moving from New York to Missouri"
"Every time I post something I think is funny to reddit"
"So they are adding invisibility potions.."
"Nothing to see here  just some baby hedgehogs"
"Breaking Bad's Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston raided the props department for halloween"
"a wonderful picture"
"Well played Mr Cooper  well played"
"Not a single fuck was given that day"
"Not a Fuck was Given"
"Getting downvoted on what I thought was a good post."
"The $50 Lesson"
"Dafuq?"
"Soon..."
"My reaction when I heard that Hostess was going out of business."
"My experience with r/wtf"
"Nope.gif"
"Treadmill fail"
"Do It Like A Boss!"
"Let me set the mood real quick (aka. smooth operator)"
"Lokistyle."
"When it's the weekend [gif]"
"fuck you i want to sleep"
"Privacy Please!"
"When I glanced over one of my finals study guide"
"Reddit and gramatical errers"
"Natural Selection at its finest"
"Natural Selection at its finest (xpost r/gifs)"
"[10] (x-post from funny)"
"Jellystone park took a strange turn."
"Jack  I'm on the top of the world"
"We put the Lazers on the Granny"
"This made me laugh pretty hard"
"First time going down on a girl. SFW"
"Wrapping Christmas Presents"
"How I feel at 22 trying to buy my first car"
"Oh  it's good friday"
"my last dinner..."
"r/Atheism needs to hear this from an atheist who wants nothing to do with them..."
"Team conservative"
"(fake)Robot Rock!"
"Penguin x Llama &gt; Twilight?"
"National Geographic Photography Contest 2011 Grand-Prize Winner"
"My aunt posted this  my mom loved it... My family makes me sad."
"Shit's on fire  yo"
"When I'm driving to school  and I don't see anyone else on the road"
"those creepy synchronized swimmers."
"This tiger is gorgeous"
"Making the best of flash floods in Charleston  SC"
"Reddit today."
"With Hurricane Isaac Coming By  We've Had Some Flooding..."
"I just need to grab a few things from the market"
"So it rained a little bit in the Charleston market today..."
"Nothing will stop us from getting our sweetgrass baskets"
"R2D2 Keg. Pretty awesome!"
"I think he's gone full derp"
"As a Mormon and a Republican Redditor"
"Epic Swordfight"
"I'll just leave this right here..."
"Weird tattoo..."
"Tu-nicorn"
"Not sure whether an explanation would ruin it or make it a thousand times better."
"Appropriate Reaction"
"Appropriate Reaction"
"RIDERS OF ROHAN"
"How the rugby should be played"
"How rugby should be played"
"The Moonwalking Manakin Bird"
"Exactly"
"Sums it up pretty well."
"vacuum cleaner level: cat"
"Vacuum Kitty"
"Just a cat mop"
"kitty swiffer"
"I've used this on people's Facebook statuses so many times."
"So I visited r/politics for the first time..."
"And So the Work Week Begins..."
"WE LITERALLY COULDN'T HAVE GONE TO SPACE WITHOUT ATHEISM"
"'Nuff said."
"Wheres Wall-e?"
"Appropriately Used Meme"
"The reason behind Blue Balls."
"Dodging Downvotes"
"Just a guy with a fish shaped watermelon mask drinking vodka"
"The Sims"
"The Sims"
"Japanese Game Show [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"Instant Karma"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Such talent. . ."
"Don't mess with me!"
"Cafeteria ninja!"
"Watch your step!"
"Soon..."
"Betty white on Facebook"
"DAWW! Duck feeds turtles!"
"Just a duckling helping out some fish by feeding them."
"Hungry Eyes?"
"This makes my eyes physically hurt"
"Alex  The Joker  and Tyler Durden as one"
"I can haz kisses!?"
"Baby giraffes are winning in the cuteness sector"
"Kissy Kissy"
"crazy cat lady starter kit"
"How I feel when I realize that I've slept an hour through my alarm."
"How I spend most of my time on the fb app."
"Thats not even how it works."
"Leapfrog? Huh?"
"Woman on Facebook found a free gift inside her packed salad."
"Choo Choo"
"[insert adorable cat reference here]"
"Just a walk in the park"
"Microwave that shit"
"That's enough internet for today  thanks."
"There's awesome  then there's this guy."
"What I felt when there was no more anne hathaway nude gifs"
"Dubstep [Fixed] Small band from Ohio &quot;Day Method&quot;"
"whenever i try to dance in public"
"Hipster level: apple zombie"
"Fapping while your parents are home"
"When I go to the gym and my regular locker is already being used"
"Heh"
"Every single time I hear the word &quot;concur&quot;..."
"Laundry Day!"
"Nobody talk about any club! (x-posted from movies. Since the name of the movie in the title is required there.)"
"how i felt when i found out my test score was higher than the smartest kid in class"
"My first day &quot;working&quot; at Rooster Teeth"
"My face when I woke up to my post making the front page"
"Tits or GTFO"
"Letting go can be hard sometimes..."
"Thank you  r/atheism  for this."
"This describes Reddit amazingly well."
"Raptor Jesus"
"Raptor Storm"
"Our God is an Awesome God"
"[Album] George Harrison 1957-2001"
"I know reddit does not like spiders  but I could not help it!"
"Darth Vader loves his music"
"Prometheus stole fire from Zeus and gave it to mortals"
"Umm......... WTF?"
"Wasn't expecting that."
"Hunting season in Canada gone wrong......or right depending on your perspective"
"Rise of the Planet of the Mooses!"
"Good hunting this year"
"It's Minnesota's favorite time of the year!"
"Dude  I think I forgot my bamboo."
"This had my crying at an [8]"
"When i pull the cord of my PC instead of shutting it down"
"Sudden Clarity Clarence"
"Most legit certificate ever."
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth"
"Subtlety in advertising"
"This must be what heaven is like. (Alison Brie and Gillian Jacobs)"
"American Beauty"
"Wow  and she stayed in the game?!"
"A bear with some moves."
"You can dance  you can jive  having the time of your life..."
":)"
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"My reddit posts to date"
"Found this old Sherlock meme whilst cleaning up my hard drive"
"So I heard you like transformers"
"Perfect"
"Broke down crying from all the emotion in this picture"
"Kristen Stewart attempts a smile!!"
"Feelings"
"It's Jesus!"
"Dogs butthole that looks like jesus... Your move atheists"
"Google Pays Tribute to Bob Ross on his 70th Birthday"
"How I feel reading about someone paying off their student loans while I'm still paying mine."
"When I see my ex enter the room"
"my brother and i after we learned a new trick"
"Waking up with parents gone for the week..."
"Sour"
"I have the same reaction every time I drink Tequila."
"Otterly Adorable!"
"Otter Snuggles"
"Kinect game tutorials"
"Greetings  newcomer."
"WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA"
"Like  you don't even know. (x-post from r/trees)"
"If it ever got that bad.."
"Patience"
"Is this what I'm supposed to do for my reddit birthday?"
"It's my birthday  whats your favorite pic you've been saving?"
"But my birthday was a week ago...."
"Good Dog"
"Uhm yea.?.."
"And she loves every one of then"
"A beautiful sight. We're happy tonight..."
"This is a real picture of saturn taken by robotic Cassini spacecraft in 2006"
"Total Solar Eclipse of Saturn with view of Earth (X-Post from r/science)"
"Yes  this picture is real. Taken from Cassini as it drifted into Saturn's shadow. Oh yeah  and Earth is in this picture  too."
"The Nigger Project"
"I demand an apology right meow!"
"This is what I spend most of my days doing."
"Best Prank on Iphone users"
"This is my favorite hair swap"
"MissingNO"
"That one day when everyone forgot how to play hockey."
"Suddenly...ouch."
"Puns on Reddit"
"finally back online here in New Hampshire"
"I don't always listen to the radio"
"A Redditor's Defense System"
"Halloween - &quot;It's the Great Pumpkin  Charlie Brown&quot;"
"Seeing as today is the anniversary of the moon landing  here is another of my constant desktops"
"How i feel sometimes when reading the comments"
"OH  THANK GOD!"
"Thank God!"
"Reddit summer meet up at the beach."
"Recipe for butthurt: post this with &quot;sup /b/? dig my new threads?&quot;"
"&gt;Mfw Le me-mes."
"Petting Zoo. [x-post from /r/StandUpShots]"
"Driftin'"
"Classy-as-fuck drift."
"And then several more problems when you want to dispose of the body"
"Ever wonder what a semi-nude man eating spaghetti in a washing machine would look like?"
"Poor guy"
"The moral of this story  expect the unexpected"
"Beautiful &amp; strangely mesmerizing [gif]"
"B-B-B-Bouncing!"
"Cool pic of Igloos in Kakslauttanen Igloo Village  Finland!"
"He looks happy"
"Brought to you by Aldrin Games"
"Everyone's favorite childhood game."
"Loved him in Shawshank Redemption  now I love him in life."
"Best bro cat"
"What if NFL team logos were honest?"
"Happy Halloween  sleep well."
"Internet Browsing Level: Redditor"
"Come on Hugh"
"Waking up after a &quot;wild&quot; party."
"I think we all do"
"Disney  you may have purchased Star Wars  but in a profound way  the mythos belongs to all of us. We're putting our trust in you  so please  make us proud. As a gesture of good faith  I have made this image to commemorate the occasion."
"Aww... Baby's first drink!"
"Indochinese Tigress - at Khao Kheow Open Zoo - Thailand 2012 by Ashley Vincent - [964 x 623]"
"Kitty showers"
"Better than iOS maps"
"Alien vs Predator: The Final Showdown (x-post r/popcult)"
"Cat elevator."
"the way that man has his gatorade in the cart is genius"
"Meanwhile in Colombia"
"Why are you hitting yourself?"
"This shit killed me the first time seeing it"
"Reposted"
"More like this"
"That moment."
"Me  trying to be social  after being on Reddit for so long."
"This never works for me..."
"wut"
"That should fix it!"
"Did you hear the one bout the cow who didnt kill anyone?"
"Open your mind."
"Just shootin the shit"
"Noticed this whole watching FG last night"
"Move bitch  get out the way"
"One please!"
"Found it in a comment... So Gary  who is this going to creep out?"
"oh the irony!"
"He's a little trouble maker"
"Blatant Repost from an AskReddit Thread."
"Hey cat"
"Every time I buy something in Auction House  then sell it for more than I paid"
"Whenever someone asks me what my major is."
"Worlds highest standard of living"
"Oh Shit......DRUMMED!"
"Practice makes perfect."
"Scumbag Whale"
"1 fail. They never showed up again."
"I drew the whole community"
"Nice Catch."
"That look delicious!"
"Wow that's gross"
"How I feel going to the gym with my girlfriend."
"How I felt waking up today to see I surpassed the 1 000 karma threshold."
"Question: &quot;You know what my dad gave me?&quot; Answer: &quot;AIDS?&quot;"
"Try and top this kid's Halloween costume"
"Optimus Pwime (Tosh.0 Blog)"
"Fuck this shit!"
"After reading any facebook conversations between my friends..."
"How I feel when I have a perfectly valid argument  with perfect points and I get down-voted"
"It's your B'day"
"Fierce and dangerous polar bear"
"Photographer Corey Rich shooting free climber Alex Honnold."
"Yeah  how do we know!?"
"&quot;More attractive than you think&quot; - German ad for craftsmen"
"GitHub and Whiskey"
"A life time of whiskey flows through this glass"
"How my posts rate after an hour."
"Cute yawn"
"Cute yawn - Imgur"
"The wonders of random Googling.."
"is this real skin?  what kind of cat is this? I want one...."
"Kitty?"
"Pick your body up and drop it on the floor"
"Beep Beep coming through"
"roller coaster tycoon..."
"Thats a strike (RCT3)"
"I watched this go round and round and round. I simply could not look away."
"Canadian Standoff"
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'."
"You can do it panda!!"
"Mom was worried about my trip from Tatooine  I sent her this picture."
"Autumn in Hitachi Seaside Park  Japan."
"when a friend on my side of politics makes a crazy conspiracy claim"
"Disney vs. Porn: Sad  but True."
"&quot;In my job you have many occasions for sex.&quot;"
"Wat..."
"Great Scott!"
"Gandalf - Employee of the month"
"metal gear?"
"Good looking kitty right there!"
"Shaq holding a Panda."
"Before elections. After elections."
"Pull over"
"It's goin' down!"
"My first post  so here you guys go."
"Madagascar Style"
"From the makers of QWOP"
"How i feel browsing new on /r/f7u12 [nsfw]"
"Every time one of my posts fail..."
"When I found out it was my 5 year Cake Day today..."
"I just discovered this show"
"Like a boss?"
"When ever someone shows me a &quot;Today is the day Marty McFly arrived in the future&quot; post..."
"Thirsty??"
"I give to you the very first reddit post"
"Finally  Not a repost!"
"Hey baby  losing isn't so bad..."
"High jump fail"
"Well Fuck"
"Almost made it"
"Hard choice Morgan...hard choice."
"Reddit likes one of these things and nukes the other from orbit  how would you handle THIS? [NSFW][NSFL]"
"This doesn't seem safe...(NSFW)"
"Getting married next week to a devout Catholic I've been seeing for four years. My skill level has diminished to about this. (SFW)"
"Bathroom with glass floor built above an abandoned elevator shaft (xpost from r/roomporn"
"Oh god  what are you doing?"
"Is this true? Please tell me it is some sort of distasteful montage"
"Hello?"
"Why God never received his PhD"
"This basically sums up my job-search."
"Circle of Life"
"A bit morbid  don't know where it's from"
"My thoughts on Never Ending Reddit."
"When your girlfriend introduces you to her attractive friends {Fixed}"
"When my black friend tells me a racist joke"
"Everytime I open a link on r/politics"
"Abandon Thread!"
"My buddy is a cell phone salesman and yesterday he had a lady pay for an iPhone with this..."
"Just running from a plane crash."
"Lets Play Super Chuck Norris"
"The world through draining oil. [X-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"Wake up  btich."
"This was in Aurora  Colorado yesterday. Not photoshopped."
"An angelic cloud"
"Somewhere in this world  this doctor is waiting for you to do your bit"
"Opposite Day"
"Was I the only one who got really excited for a third kung fu panda?"
"Nonsense..."
"oh  Superman!"
"Best &quot;Random&quot; imgur I've found yet"
"Hail to the King"
"HP vs LOTR"
"How I view people that smoke to look cool"
"Underwater Doggy"
"Saw this sign today and I couldn't agree more!"
"White Tiger Tongue"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend likes oldies music."
"Hey Guise"
"Assassins Creed in real life"
"America is in his hands"
"Since we are doing favorite pictures of the President these days..."
"The enemy of redditors everywhere."
"Two foxes"
"Just a typical day at the office"
"Looks like my freezer may just be a portal into the underworld."
"When I tell a joke..."
"Missing Tortoise"
"HOME TAPING IS KILLING RECORD INDUSTRY PROFITS!"
"Pirate Bay  Cambodia and history comes together..."
"How I feel as a-"
"If you're going to post another &quot;X years. This is X years old&quot; post..."
"Teddy Roosevelt vs. Bigfoot. Your argument is invalid"
"My favorite moment in U.S. history."
"When we cook meat babies  they wear bacon diapers.- Baconnaise"
"If you had a machine that could stop time"
"If 4chan could stop time..."
"Starry Starry Night"
"Starry Night by Alex Ruiz [1600 x 1071]"
"this is still my favorite picture from the internet."
"Am trying to break the 10 000 link Karma mark. This oughta do it...."
"Which one do you have?"
"Gotta have my Pops."
"Gotta get down"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Favorite gifs for my cake day"
"That little piece of cake is next to my name....."
"The feeling of accidentally clicking the same reddit post on a desktop after viewing it on your phone. Am I the only one?"
"I dunno his name  but..."
"The pig that I f***"
"Women and cats first!"
"How I feel about SOPA being delayed till 2012."
"Introducing the 'Wake and Bake' Coffee Mug"
"He sits like this everyday in class."
"Classic Gabe - oldie but goodie"
"the real reason there is no Half-Life 3(x-post from r/pics)"
"This gets me again and again"
"How I feel when my gf tells me she wants to have sex"
"Red card! (xpost r/gaming)"
"Taylor Swifting (x-post /r/gaming)"
"Phantom Corsair  1938"
"Tsk Tsk"
"ghost texting ... cop style"
"Busted"
"Epic Poster Troll"
"Chocolate Hills  China"
"To understand the future we must go back in time"
"Pitbull + Animorphs = Pitbull"
"Budget cuts have really affected standards of transport around London. Even for Royalty..."
"Fun things to do with kids..."
"First attempt at oral with my girlfriend."
"No matter how hard you try."
"When I see the 9gag watermark on an otherwise funny picture..."
"Trailer park done right  well done Amsterdam"
"Don't be racist..."
"One of the best atheism quotes (making fun of those who are religious people  of course):"
"Three-Legged Dog"
"When my parents ask me at dinner &quot;when are you going to bring a girl over?&quot;"
"High speed dog"
"I'm gonna sing the doom song! Doom doom  doom de doom doom....."
"nom nom nom nom"
"Mantis or orchid?"
"A tornado  photographed by Zachary Caron  just south of Parker  Colorado  U.S. of A."
"How I actually look"
"True Shit."
"Ahhhhhhhh. Yesssssss. Come in. Come in."
"Round and round and round and round"
"Running Laps [gif]"
"Running Laps"
"Trying To Have A Conversation With A Crazy Bitch And Not Start A Fight"
"When I tell people I just got a job at an electronics store..."
"I recently got a brand-new 23-inch digital monitor for my home office. I had it shipped to my workplace  and this was my coworkers' reaction as I was unboxing it at my desk during my lunch break."
"When I post and get downvoted to oblivion"
"My girlfriend just finished this painting last night. She says it's nothing special  but I think it's amazing!"
"What it feels like in the Midwest right now"
"Fuck this I'm outta here  my planet needs me!"
"The Waterfall Nebula"
"God's real location"
"A bullet's impact"
"bullet on a wall"
"Don't Worry! I'll Save Me!"
"Man..Mario is an asshole"
"Got milk? [NSFW]"
"Not the most accurate people"
"Why I love Snoop Dogg (found on Instagram)"
"K-fucking-O"
"A nice surprise popped up on my WiFi list. Wonder if he runs a law blog?"
"Rejected."
"Star Wars fans should enjoy this"
"It's idiotic stories filled with non-nonsensical metaphors like this one that substitute actual knowledge. These people make me support post-adolescence abortion."
"Emma. Amazing."
"My favorite picture of Emma Stone"
"Can't help it  she's breathtaking."
"Emma Stone"
"Norway."
"House Camo"
"Trees"
"Sound Advice"
"What it feels like posting on r/funny"
"Normally I'm very pale  but when I get tanned..."
"Power of Dragonforce"
"Total Recall Kuato"
"Hells Angels blocking the Westborough church in Newtown (twitter)"
"It's a hard knock life!"
"Anybody else want a remake of this?"
"Took this while at the beach  my dog Daisy loves the ocean"
"So Comfortable (pic)"
"This man was arrested during a haircut. [Pic]"
"Arrested during a Haircut..."
"Oh Grandma"
"Fear the almighty"
"Man Hit By Train"
"Apples  he hates the taste."
"How men and women see colors."
"So much truth [FIXED]"
"Get in my belly!"
"This is how to kite mobs with monk on inferno"
"So I searched ''wookie'' on google."
"Oh my you fire demon!"
"Well at least they can agree on something"
"I see your 100 trillion dollars  and raise you..."
"Just riding my bike..."
"Jetski Crash"
"The see me rollin..."
"best gif showing who owns who"
"My life."
"that's my daily routine"
"Your mother is so fat..."
"Bluebottle Maggot says 'hai'"
"When my friend showed me that he made the front page using my Facebook comment."
"Some of the Australian synchronised swimming team."
"Ron Swanson Pyramid of Greatness"
"Get down! Its a snip-"
"Dear America "
"Left Brain / Right Brain"
"Left Brain / Right Brain"
"Left Brain / Right Brain"
"Warning label on 747 that carries space shuttles.[690x575]"
"These have gone a bit far"
"Which is it Obama?"
"Will Obama ever make up his mind?"
"Obama flip flops AGAIN"
"Underwater MAGIC"
"What are you thinking about?"
"My favorite &quot;What are you thinking about?&quot;"
"Deadpool is a dick"
"You got the wrong guy"
"The Curiosity Rover is MASSIVE compared to past Mars rovers."
"my morning commute when the chain breaks on my bicycle. top hat included."
"Now that's what i call sexy!"
"you spin me right round"
"Fucking penguins"
"Facebook Timeline: Am I doing it right? [FIXED]"
"Driving at a [10] [FIXED]"
"Me  when people will start saying &quot;Thank God the temple wasn't full&quot;"
"When someone in class keeps answering the teachers questions before you do"
"Pickup on a truck on a truck on a truck [Fixed]"
"When I get home from work"
"Now this is my kind of party [NSFW]"
"Reddit  Find me the original video of this gif?!"
"Get em granny!"
"I laughed for at least 10 minutes"
"Why....how..."
"Ford backflips on trolley lines"
"Autumn vs. Spring"
"super bass"
"Portable Rocket Launcher"
"This Guy Seems Legit."
"Someone Should Help This Man"
"I love all the satans."
"When someone with less karma than me criticizes my post"
"When someone says that my post is a repost even though it's OC"
"How I feel when I work hard on a post and it gets downvoted to hell."
"Well... Yeah  that works."
"Nailed it!"
"Sarah Jessica Parker costume - the resemblance is striking."
"I don't think he likes it."
"Ya get skeeted on by Willy Wonka"
"Kick"
"kung-moo!!"
"Thought of you."
"The Versatility of &quot;Dude&quot;"
"Are they gone yet?"
"I Googled &quot;smashing&quot;  found this."
"That's a big rabbit..."
"Steven Segal doing what he does best"
"Awesomest picture ever? Possibly..."
"Googled  &quot;The best picture on the internet&quot; and this is it. Needless to say I was not disappointed."
"So I Googled 'best picture on the Internet' and this was the first result. I like it."
"a bit of everyday wisdom."
"Everyone is doing it..."
"How it should have ended"
"Idea Conductivity"
"Winnie the Pooh"
"Taking WTF back to it's roots"
"Winnie the Pooh and Bacon"
"Winnie The Poohdobear"
"My dick."
"No wonder he is always nervous"
"Absolutely flawless."
"Best thing I have ever seen"
"Admit it  you read this in Timone's (from the Lion King) voice."
"Just hold on  I will save you!"
"A friendly encounter"
"Evolution  Stahp"
"Your black and white castle is pretty cool. But my optical illusion is better."
"Stratus Clouds -- eight hundred miles south of the North Pole  churned by 90-mile-an-hour winds"
"Over 68 000 single women..."
"Me and my dog  12 years apart."
"Simba what the fuck did I JUST say?!"
"Found this quote on facebook satan's page."
"Suddenly a duck!"
"Did as I was told."
"God Doesn't Make the World This Way."
"God doesn't make the world this way  we do. (x-post from r/Wallpapers)"
"Walter Kovacs commentary in the 80's is just as relevant these days in light of the shootings"
"Claudia Mitchell - First woman to have a bionic arm [720x470]"
"My childhood fear after seeing this at 5yo  at a drive in theater."
"Cut  Paste &amp; Undo"
"For the Everyman."
"Possible outcomes"
"Laughter is the best medicine"
"My confidence whenever I submit something to Reddit.."
"Help yourself to some imitation crab meat on your way out!"
"we can do this until 4 am or until we get tired (x/post from r/funny)"
"poor guy..."
"Yin &amp; Yang"
"At first I was like"
"This perfectly sums up me as I work my way through all the sub reddits."
"Bear with an extremely long tounge (x/post from r/wtf)"
"My face when I see the unopened can of Arizona green tea...[7]"
"He got the moves!"
"My friend and I trying to submit a link for the first time"
"A pug riding a horse"
"My friend's wife breeds Pugs. Without explanation  she put one on a horse. Here's the result:"
"TL;DR"
"What is it puppy?"
"I can show you the world !"
"NOW I know why those teenagers made fun of me..."
"My silly cat."
"Every time I catch a pokemon…[first]"
"How religious people feel visiting Reddit for the first time"
"Kiss cam"
"Today on Reddit..."
"Really guys..."
"not again!"
"Logging on to Reddit this afternoon..."
"So uh..."
"..don't get me started with Redditors Wife"
"For God's Sake  Kid...Get AWAY From that Tree"
"I am tired of being objectified"
"excuse me!"
"Just one episode. Please?"
"My Wallpaper"
"How I deal with regret [fixed]"
"Good point."
"xpost r/funny picture of wedding when the officiator holds up this cringe inducing sign during the &quot;First kiss&quot;"
"Im sure everyone can relate."
"Blatant repost.gif"
"So we meet again."
"It's my cake day Reddit! I'm doing this dance to celebrate."
"PARTY HARDEST"
"when someone submits a really long discussion post"
"This winter  we must face Gandolf as a winter storm"
"crocodile dendi"
"Swedish McDonalds"
"Things at Union Station are worse than we thought."
"Jim Jeffries on death."
"Ready to walk through the fog gate yet r/gaming?"
"When I realized I hadn't left the house in over a week."
"My Room - Waiting for the zombies reveal for Black Ops 2"
"Found this gem on google."
"Found this gem on Google"
"Found this gem today."
"Heil Mittler!"
"Tigers retarded cousin."
"Indeed"
"When the barber nicks your ear"
"How I feel being asked to work late on a Monday"
"How I feel about being asked to work Saturday"
"My personal favorite"
"Great Parenting"
"Eject"
"EJECT"
"Soo....I type &quot;how to get upvotes&quot; on google and this was the FIRST result"
"I understand that it's a cat  but still..."
"just some friends teaching you about windows 95 via vhs"
"All dogs go to heaven..."
"A conversation between two churches on who goes to heaven"
"Is this irony?"
"Now this was unexpected"
"Unusual Bowling"
"Don't ask."
"This is always so freaking cute"
"So  this is happening outside my window right now. They seem to have a good time."
"Just when I thought I was free..."
"IT'S TIME!"
"Throwing your own poo. It's not a good look."
"This ad just appeared in my city..."
"Throwing poo... may have been posted before!"
"At least he found his dog."
"Mistaken identity! Glasgow"
"Bus Message"
"The Sheer Scale of the Great Wall of China"
"sure err...looks tasty little girl"
"My face when I get to a gonewild tab I forgot was open."
"When someone brings donuts in for the office"
"My reaction when a digsite appears in Uldum [WoW Players will understand]"
"Me when I remember it's payday"
"When I realized today was my cake day"
"Is...is that a cake next to my name?"
"When I noticed the reddit sticker on my new neighbor's car"
"For my cake day  an unorthodox choice. [NSFW]"
"this is a beautiful .gif [NSFW]"
"How to stay out of jail"
"I'm hoping this was taken with an extremely large zoom lens. Otherwise i might have shit my pants if i was the photographer"
"True Power"
"This is kind of a double standard"
"[GIF] Magnetic Liquid (xpost from r/gifs)"
"Rollin like a BIG shot"
"Best Birthday Present!"
"Better watch your butt.."
"I like this sort of vandalism"
"elephant comes to drink at the same time as a flock of birds"
"I think we all have days like these"
"Yes  Yes you do have a flavor  and it's cuteness."
"Life Goal"
"Caninebal Lecter"
"I laughed way too hard at this."
"Ohhhh you shouldn't have!"
"&quot;My country needs me.&quot;"
"Congrats  It's a boy! (nsfw)"
"An infographic I think everybody should read."
"White people are crazy."
"Keep Your Sandwich Safe From Co-Workers."
"For the love of God  please stop it! (x-post from funny)"
"Teacher asks class to partner up and I know my friend is already looking over at me. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Socially Awesome Audience Member"
"What the hell?"
"Words do not describe this (NSFW)"
"Deja Vu"
"... in bed."
"The Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"First known picture of Michael Phelps."
"these guys are hard...as...play-doh..."
"When you see it... You'll be mildly amused."
"Tourettes Fish"
"When you see it..."
"Meet Thorgi."
"Barbie has unrealistic body proportions"
"Follow the red dot."
"Zombies"
"The Original Willow Smith (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Free Piggyback Rides!"
"Watch out noob  the internetz is coming!"
"so... I did the random 5 letter imgur search..?"
"Oh. . .its a leaf blower"
"I'm thinking of calling it &quot;A blast of Fresh Air&quot;"
"Girl rats out her brother and gets him grounded. He responds by posting her &quot;hook-up list&quot; to facebook."
"A band of wild horses running through shallow water"
"Spread it"
"I'll eat that if you're not going to."
"Think your job is bad? (xpost from /r/funny)"
"You think your job is bad? Xpost from /r/funny"
"Me with a link karma up."
"To myself when I win an argument with my SO"
"I'm 23 and have never experienced the Steam sale. After checking out some of the deals..."
"Realized the teenage redditors are going back to school"
"What is Love on a Boat"
"4chan on making model helicopters."
"the Great Red Spot [1825×1190]"
"Sir... It was raining and it's cold  may I ask if you have anything to eat?"
"Nickelodeon: A Network For Kids!(Slightly NSFW)"
"Life before Google"
"Good morn... nope."
"How most people feel about their jobs."
"How i feel when i use the shitty work toilet paper"
"Only boring people take the stairs...."
"Because fuck stairs"
"He's real!"
"This is horrible but funny"
"Wanted to show my daughter a Chinchilla."
"When my dad ate the last of my ice cream"
"Equal distribution of puppy naps."
"Multi-tool."
"All aboard the karma train! [x-post from r/gifs]"
"That other stuff scares me"
"Jewel Caterpillar"
"When encountering a religious debate on reddit"
"This pretty much sums up my first experience with r/spacedicks..."
"When I walk in on my room mate while he's with a girl."
"When I walk in to Adult video store and see my dad there."
"When r/random takes me to r/gore"
"Tinkerbell... why. [GIF]"
"Nailed it"
"You're gonna have a bad time."
"Great advice for those thinking about starting."
"If you move to Europe..."
"That's also my reaction when I see my boss."
"Mitt Romney Gangnam Style"
"When people don't respond to my texts."
"Like a boss."
"And Not a Single Fuck Was Given That Day"
"No more seats? No problem."
"Oh  that Walt Disney was a character."
"How I feel waiting for the comments to load on a funny post"
"10/10 would bang!!"
"Fuck the police! (NSFW)"
"Fuck you I'm a horse"
"Dog sleeping in the Heather"
"Stopping to smell the flowers!"
"Metal Gear Solid"
"saving private bozo"
"You don't mess with frogs."
"Battletoads: The Movie"
"The most offensive fake video game I've ever seen. [NSFW]"
"Fun for the whole family..."
"And here is Batman on an elephant. That is all."
"DON'T SLIP"
"Be careful not to slip."
"The History of Man"
"I told my GF she acts a lot like her mother ..."
"....parkinsons. Cross post from r/gifs"
"Rough night."
"I keep forgetting I'm in the colonies (x-post /r/ funny)"
"That moment after a new AskReddit question is submitted and there's a rush to post the most obvious witty response."
"Deal with it: Summer Pussy Edition"
"My response after eating Nonna's at 1:00 a.m."
"For this glorious cake day  I'd like to share my favorite quote from my favorite front man."
"Wild leopard rescued from a water reservoir tank by the Sukna Forest Rescue Team - Mahananda Wildlife Sanctuary  India"
"&quot;Who wants to see pics of Zooey Deschanel NAKED?????&quot;"
"That's one way to get the photo."
"I did a Google Image Search for &quot;Nicolas Cage Batman&quot; and this is what I found"
"accidently googled &quot;nicholas&quot; cage and this is what came up..."
"Wieners and butts"
"Good point Mr. Twain"
"Even Pigeons Need Exercise"
"A year ago I posted a picture of a GMaps tricycle I saw in Croatia. Turns out the tricycle posted a picture of me!"
"Redditor destroys offshore drilling platform  takes photograph from escape boat  all while chasing that karma dragon"
"It's shit like this  Judicial Branch."
"How I feel when people complain"
"Tell me baby are you wet?"
"I guess the oxford comma is important..."
"How it must feel to live in the states with legal marijuana"
"I've just seen a trailer for Quantum Conundrums..."
"I feel a great disturbance in the force..."
"brace yourselves..."
"The border between Tijuana  Mexico and San Diego  CA"
"Stick Fight"
"The 2016 Olympics are going to be great"
"&quot;Some people have told me they don't think a fat penguin really embodies the grace of Linux  which just tells me they have never seen an angry penguin charging at them in excess of 100 mph. They'd be a lot more careful about what they say if they had.&quot; -- Linus Torvalds"
"Bertrand Russell: The whole problem with the world is... [780 x 512]"
"Realizing that laptop's brightness is low  then turning it up"
"Chug chug chug!"
"Cocky"
"As an A-student  this is my response to final exams."
"Me when people tell me this is a repost."
"I don't know what to say.."
"Good news!"
"My cat is like this at feeding time too"
"My friend said he liked the Tim Burton Batman better than than TDK trilogy.."
"Today is the day we take the stairs."
"My roommate just left for the long weekend..."
"Keep being AWESOME!!!"
"Keep being AWESOME!"
"&quot;Make us so wet Lord!&quot;"
"Every time I see a facebook post hit the front page."
"Hey man  nice moves."
"UFC here I come"
"TIL that President Obama will turn into Morgan Freeman in 4 years."
"Browsers run into each other"
"Browsers..."
"Hey  you're not my kid"
"My friends and I when we have no one to dance with at prom."
"I'd walk this shit out of this dog."
"It's time for a walk  right?"
"It's amazing how far we've come with technology"
"Epic waves  epic ass. (NSFW)"
"Summer is coming to an End but I already miss it"
"three gods sharing a drink"
"relevent"
"You don't have to hear the joke to know it was the classiest one ever told"
"Nyan Art"
"Someone did not think that through"
"Don't bother me... I'm thinking..."
"the puss is fine. I promise"
"Just a firefighter...Being Blown Outta Freaking House!!!!"
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"Fuck off  Jesus."
"can you hear me now !?!?"
"Can you hear me now?"
"the verison wireless guys dog"
"Sometimes goofing can yield unexpected results."
"Let me organize this for you..."
"'Murica"
"a lemon party in your mouth"
"Hurricanes and Tropical Storms - Locations and Intensities since 1851"
"Drove behind the same car for about an hour and thirty minutes today.."
"Magikarp Infographic!"
"Beep beep comin through"
"When I get down voted for absolutely no reason..."
"My first inception moment"
"DC Earthquake Devastation"
"Megan Ganz (writer for &quot;Community&quot;) posted this on Twitter last night. Meet Delmar!"
"The Deadly Sins by kuski"
"FELIX BAUMGARTNER JUMPS FROM 71 580 FEET"
"Felix Baumgartner jumping from 71 580 feet"
"Hot Potato  Level: 99"
"Cock of the walk (Xpost from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"How it feels posting on r/funny"
"Glasswinged butterfly"
"Terraced Rice Field in Yunnan  China"
"&quot;It's okay baby  I want him to watch!&quot;"
"Ooooooh snap..."
"Caterpillar climbing infinitely"
"I Can't... Stop... Watching..."
"AWKWARD [nsfw]"
"World's biggest Justin Bieber fan"
"EVERY time I watch cable &quot;NEWS&quot;......."
"Before I found r/atheism"
"See Through Toaster"
"a compromise"
"I Moustache You A Question..."
"A majestic sea creature"
"Found this in an unrelated Google image search"
"wat"
"When you take pictures of your self in the mirror  this is what you look like."
"but are you experienced?"
"But Are You Experienced?"
"Typed in &quot;Saddest picture on the internet&quot;.. Bet she pussied out on the &quot;You&quot;."
"Take a wash and be inspired?"
"Do you belive in magic?"
"In the rain"
"I don't just hustle  I puffle"
"Beer Philosophy"
"If your GF/BF nags you about drinking too much  just explain this concept to them and they will leave you alone."
"Compliments to the chef"
"Call me Taken."
"Benny Hill Refs"
"Schrodinger's Football"
"Moses VS Jesus"
"Whenever my boyfriend cooks my favorite food..."
"Is that your girlfriend in the background?"
"Not bad"
"Do they have my fish too?"
"I'll never look at water bottles the same way"
"Looking at all of my Facebook friends"
"I need to try this."
"Bad ass zombie shelter"
"Wrong Name"
"This happened today and I pulled an earphone out to check."
"Please don't die."
"Roommate trimming pubes"
"Guilt trip Reddit"
"Hipster Dog"
"Horse Jump Fail"
"Bara Bere Bara Bere Bara Bere Bara Bere ;D"
"a badass creation of a badass guy"
"Stephen Hawking now endorsing Legos?"
"Every time I buy gas"
"Fuck  I'm so high"
"Now that's an unfortunate name."
"Apple Samsung"
"Putting a quote on a beautiful background always makes it seem meaningful."
"r/quotesporn didn't like it. Guess I misunderstood something"
"Aren't humans awesome (sometimes)"
"Best. Gif. Ever."
"I won't I tell ya!"
"Smoke Break"
"Wooly Walter"
"Every time I see Usain Bolt race  I can't help but imagine this"
"I don't care if this is a repost  this gets me every time....it just reminds me of that annoying kid in the classroom"
"Eagle chucks goat off of a cliff"
"Spider Crab Shedding its shell -- NOPE!"
"When I do something stupid  I think of magikarp."
"Obama and the gang [gif]"
"Truth is I haven't kept up with politics  watching the debate was tough..."
"Summer sale brings out weird sleep patterns.."
"Uhh... what?"
"I've been staring for awhile now"
"Purple Rose"
"Skull flower"
"Halloween Rose..."
"Death Flower..."
"All of this giant candy has gotten me thinking about one thing......"
"Baffled Boxer's sudden realization"
"Black Hole-Powered Jet of Electrons and Sub-Atomic Particles Streams From Center of Galaxy M87 [Hubble]"
"This is how I feel when I wake up too."
"When I try to walk my dog on a rainy day."
"so I found out cholombians are a thing."
"San Francisco in Ruins  2000 Ft. above San Francisco Bay in 1906"
"First I eat my snack."
"Kim Jong Meow looking at things"
"Do I call an electrician  or a plumber?"
"Boba Fett has something important to express..."
"First attempt."
"Falabella Miniature Horse"
"We all do weird shit when no one is home"
"[FIXED] I am to blame. I shot a rocket back"
"Downey Cat"
"what do you guys think of my new hairstyle?"
"I am Gotham's Olympian"
"Christians were once Atheists"
"DJ Jesus died for your spins"
"Well I fully regret making this..."
"Hooray Beer!"
"Imagine a world..."
"What's REALLY happening on Mars Surface..."
"Clever martians"
"LOL 4chan."
"My girlfriend likes to crochet little sweaters for our new kitten"
"When I see something funny"
"Calvin and Hobbs: Super Spies!!"
"Cracks me up every single time."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Uh oh"
"Meanwhile in McDonalds..."
"I don't feel good looking at it  as hard as I try it just gets worse"
"WTF do you guys think about this?"
"Dolphin Tattoo Win"
"Vote Adolf Hitler? Um... Ja?"
"chub chub chub"
"He taught me more than any teacher"
"::sigh:: White people"
"IT'S UPSIDE DOWN GODDAMMIT"
"Did she died?"
"What it felt like just missing my cake day."
"Sup."
"Golden snub-nosed monkey"
"Ladies and gentleman: The snub-nosed monkey!"
"My first sexual memory  anyone else's (SFW)"
"I don't want this explained"
"Donald Duck Family Tree"
"Religion and ethics"
"Fly! Fly!"
"TIL Tiny black man controles the Curiosity"
"So I was playing Imgur Roulette when suddenly..."
"Taking Halloween to the next level"
"They see us rolling"
"Iron Maid"
"Reposts!!"
"She's a maniac!"
"Everyone knows there's no such thing as &quot;one last cookie.&quot;"
"Looks like a fun night"
"Hunter S. Thompson  John Cusack  and Johnny Depp in a convertible with a blow up doll."
"Whenever I See A Misleading Title On Reddit."
"Are you here to solve my ketchup problem?"
"I feel like the Oprah of Reddit  the day after sex"
"Bob Marley CD collection"
"Having fun isn't hard when you have a library card"
"Women vs. Dolphins according to 4Chan."
"The most logical thing I has ever done heard."
"*Rip*"
"WTF is this shit?"
"Slow-mo shatter"
"Slow motion wine glass shattering"
"What moving out of my parents house feels like (Fixed)..."
"For my second cakeday  repost of my first save. Eye Macro"
"HelloYesThisIsDog.gif"
"The all famous Windows XP default background  what it looked like 10 years after in 2006."
"When I saw the iPhone 5.."
"Best Revenge Ever. [x-post from /r/facepalm]"
"Homies over hoes!"
"Tricky Tricky"
"&quot;God  you're an idiot.&quot; (cross post from r/atheism)"
"That explains alot"
"Every Girl On FaceBook"
"A Satisfyingly Stripped Jaguar E-Type Engine"
"Swag"
"Rescued this little guy after someone threw him out of a space shuttle"
"Its a cat"
"Came across this gem today."
"What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?"
"Last Minute Halloween Idea: Ghost Sluts"
"Here are some awesome pumpkin carvings (by Ray Villafane)"
"Sleepy twitches."
"I can't wait for this trend to catch on."
"How do you decide who you'll have anal sex with?"
"Even the painting in the background..."
"This meme needs more attention"
"Some people learn everything the hard way."
"How I eat Hot Pockets."
"Didn't expect that"
"Spiderman."
"Bad influence"
"Oh  hey otter."
"Dreams Gone"
"Creepy gif"
"Nobody loves cactus"
"Forever alone cactus."
"If this isn't cute  I don't know what is."
"This man just found out about the Supreme Court decision yesterday."
"I gave myself a sad."
"Winter is coming."
"Me when people post bible passages to Facebook"
"At concerts when I know the song isn't over yet"
"How I look when everyone claps at the end of a movie"
"How I feel when unfunny stuff gets to the front page"
"We run this shit!"
"&quot;I see no god up here...&quot;"
"&quot;I see no god up here&quot;"
"Whenever I see somebody look to the sky to pray"
"I see what you did there"
"When someone knock's on my door while im masturbating"
"Oh stereotypes..."
"Boondock Saints vs Twilight"
"Cool Optical Illusion!"
"Just went to /rspacedicks..."
"This is how I feel when I click a &quot;Call me maybe&quot; link."
"How I feel getting 666 comment karma"
"You're doing it wrong"
"Something about these two seems...familiar..."
"An extremely frustrating screen."
"&quot;You think you're pretty  huh?&quot;"
"Fire safety: Helping an unconscious friend"
"Legit"
"Milky Way Over Quiver Tree Forest"
"Guess who's birthday's today  as well as mine."
"I found MMD in r/funny"
"oh you know  just Lana Del Rey"
"Evolution continues"
"are you... serious?"
"Jack is pissed!"
"How I feel when I should go to bed but stay on Reddit instead."
"The Unicorn Curse"
"A dog walking a dog"
":D"
"Oh my dog we're obsolete!"
"The only time you can holler &quot;Who's walking who?&quot;"
"WTF Japan?"
"The hills are alive with the sound of music."
"Mr. Rogers  how many fucks do you give?"
"When asked to stay late at work when it's the weekend..."
"When my friends tell me how they made the front page... again."
"What I felt like when I drove all the way to work to find out we were closed due to weather and they didn't call me."
"Hmm that must be what DP is like..."
"This is how I imagine twins being born..."
"Today was my first day buying items for the Steam Summer Sale..."
"So I went onto 9gag..."
"Whenever I find myself in an argument about religion or politics."
"Water? Where we're going we don't NEED water!"
"Well  there he is. Too bad I still don't know how to connect with him."
"I was just passing through a small town on my way to Toronto when I decide to see if there is any wifi....this is what I saw."
"BigRedSantaButt"
"It's October 3rd."
"Pizza: A how-to"
"Rick Santorum Giving a Speech (x-post from r/pics)"
"Ermahgerd! Cluhrnet!"
"Perfect timing [X-Post from r/pics"
"Real-life Merida"
"Fuckin' 'Straya"
"A gun shop owner's response to protesters"
"A protester probably wasn't planning on one of the owners counter-protesting him."
"Assassins Creed Girl Cosplay"
"Baby owl"
"baby owl! I want one!"
"What jobhunting feels like."
"WTF guitar?"
"Take this and make it a beautiful meme"
"I can't stop staring at their eyes!"
"Fabuloussss!"
"Rock beats Scissors  Scissor beats Paper  Paper beats ... wait what?"
"This is legal  but lollygagging isn't?"
"Something different - Subtle giffiness"
"A fine pizzeria restaurant somewhere in Finland"
"Why are you guys so afraid about coming to Finland?"
"Hello Ozone"
"I was surprised"
"Wait... kiss me"
"How I feel trying to exercise with no A/C in this hot-as-balls weather"
"It may have only been an hour... But this symbolises this sub atm.."
"Never have so many sat together in complete silence"
"Now that I think about it... I don't know either."
"One Of These Do Not Belong:"
"Knowing when to quit is half the battle..."
"My brother has a problem..."
"Hungry Puppy Forgets How to Gravity"
"How I feel when I meet other redditers"
"This baby shall rule the world"
"What it reminds me of when people put a &quot;b&quot; in front of their &quot;hahaha's&quot;."
"Ted from Scrubs (xpost from r/funny)"
"Siri and sweaters"
"This is by far the creepiest thing I've ever seen an angel do. (Angels Take Manhattan Spoilers)"
"The exam"
"Get me the fuck out of here"
"I hate when this happens..."
"WTF ASIANS?"
"Golden Monkeys  aren't they cute?"
"Things you can say that will always end in a stabbing"
"Don't ask stupid questions"
"Quote from man stabbed..."
"My local news tonight. He had it coming i guess..."
"What are you gonna do  stab me?"
"Sounds like he had it coming"
"Didn't see that coming.."
"This dog fight is intense!"
"This really annoyed me - Neil Armstrong"
"How to get hit by a car like a boss"
"That's one way to get into a car"
"The cutest things in the world"
"One of my favorite strips from an always funny comic."
"Tetris-chuting."
"When my post starts out bad  but is upvoted later."
"West side!"
"Well as long as there is room for vodka"
"'Murica"
"A post from the tech behind the election lawsuit in Ohio --which was the #1 post on /r/politics and #2 on reddit.com this morning-- was deleted by the mods. The link is still live however  and I think its crucial information."
"A post in by the tech guy behind today's election lawsuit in Ohio --which was #1 on r/politics and #2 on reddit.com this morning-- was deleted by the mods. The OP was actively posting updates in the thread on an ongoing  potentially crucial story. This is shameful."
"Just converted my beta 1.3 world to the new 1.3  some freaky stuff happened to my armor slots....."
"So this popped up on my newsfeed..."
"Just a Parakeet."
"Superman ain't got shit on this guy."
"Oh hi! Would you like to be my new friend?"
"recently at the games store: FIFA/PES sales &quot;competition&quot;"
"He must really love her"
"Some kind of... dog man fucking wall?"
"um... what? (nsfw)"
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Does anyone know what movie this gif came from?"
"Most animals get funnier when you shave them. Bears just get terrifying"
"Emma Watson gif"
"See the universe with different eyes"
"Olympic weightlifting injury"
"that looks painful"
"Some fashion trends are destined to fail"
"The elusive sidemullet"
"It's simple"
"Toyota Celica? You don't say!"
"Did you know?"
"The Beach Babies"
"I still love you..."
"Now this is a pumpkin carving."
"NO SKATEBOARDING ON MY BLOCK!!!"
"Awesome!!! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Nintendo ftw"
"As a long time Apple fanboy; how I feel after Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference"
"Can't take credit but it's the truth."
"My VW fell in my milk!"
"My next what?"
"Trying this again: Only 492 years later..."
"Truly Best Smile In the World...."
"Wind dog."
"My friends dog enjoying the wind"
"Everytime before logging into reddit and seeing the default front page"
"TIL Chyna and X-Pac have a sex tape"
"That didn't go quite as planned"
"what happens when I unknowingly repost"
"Ain't that some shit!"
"When I'm playing PC Games..."
"The most interesting bathroom sinks in the world..."
"Beautiful beverage-themed sculpture. Does anyone know the creator?"
"I feel like this is pretty universal for most artists."
"Christ's Sake"
"World according to the DUTCH"
"I finally found the answer!"
"*Update* Fat guy: 2 Gravity: 2"
"How I felt when I heard that the police foiled a plot to kill Justin Bieber"
"How it feels missing my cake day by a week"
"Ronald Reagan is back in an all new TV series."
"My dog tree finally started to grow"
"Human is powerless against this sign"
"Oh shi---oh shi--- ooooooohhhhhhhh shhhhhhhhit"
"that'll do it"
"Dicking around with Siri  pun intended"
"Siri always knows just what to say."
"So these are the types of conversations my roommate has with Siri."
"I asked Siri how to get to a hospital  got a very helpful response."
"Polite Siri"
"50 shades of Granger"
"Can somebody tell me what this is from?"
"Oh children..."
"I don't know why I'm still laughing... [Slightly NSFW]"
"Dinner time!"
"Dinner time!"
"Press Z or R twice!"
"That's my name too."
"slow but good"
"How I feel when the girl I like starts talking to me first"
"Me watching the Twilight duo's relationship fall apart."
"Christopher Waltz scares me"
"Just look at this"
"Gimme Fue..."
"What I expect the next week to be like."
"The most disgusting hair I have ever seen."
"Mats Hummels after Germany beat their rival Holland in the Euro 2012"
"Wu-Tang Flan Ain't Nothing to Fuck With!"
"I can clearly see myself in you  sir."
"This is a leptocephalus"
"Leptocephalus"
"If you dream it . . ."
"A room with a view."
"Protect jesus"
"PBBBBBBBBT! PIKACHU!"
"Pikachu  what are you doing?!"
"Mother"
"Not ANOTHER Skyrim meme..."
"Puppies and rappers"
"My hero *tear*"
"X-Post from /r/funny"
"Santa-Splosion"
"Well that took an unexpected turn..."
"I just found out im so high i can tickle myself [8]"
"When I have children  this will be Christmas for them."
"This is AWESOME  but also pretty WTF?!"
"the epitome of perfect timing"
"Go! Save yourself!"
"And this is how a slinky falls"
"So I found r/mylittlepony today..."
"I cow you  officer Sir."
"Should anything be off limits for comedy?"
"Uranus: not even once."
"Get the hell out of my puddle"
"A natural ice cave"
"This is why the Olympics are __________"
"It was inevitable."
"How I felt after reaching 100 karma"
"This is how I view people who downvote my posts"
"Soooo cute"
"I knew it!"
"Fushion Dance!"
"Reaction GIF collection (I add to it when I find other ones I like)"
"Someone Hating on Bacon"
"It's simply irrelephant"
"Check out my lightsaber"
"If you sext this guy  this is what he'll send you"
"Party in aisle 15"
"Double cute."
"No Hooking"
"Adorable."
"I'm getting married in a week. I need this."
"Wtf jazz cat"
"Heard rumors about /r/spacedicks. Not going.. unless you can convince me"
"how i feel about my car breaking down the day i'm supposed to move"
"The Skin Skirt"
"always come prepared for your acid trips to the stadium"
"If only....."
"For my real life cakeday I give you one of my favorite quotes from Carl Sagan"
".. It's made of what?"
"I had ideas for greats posts for reddit.. then the very next day  I saw posts with the same exact idea on the front page... 3 times this week. I give up! This is how I feel:"
"How I feel when my friends share their sex stories with me."
"How i feel browsing new of r/funny"
"Me when my friend tells me how much karma he has [.gif]"
"backflip fail"
"My Fruity Pebbles (x-post from r/gifs)"
"have a think about this at a 6"
"OMG I'm flying! (pic)"
"angry bird"
"Preacher said this to my Sunday school class when I was about 12."
"After 20 seconds searching a &quot;when you see it&quot; post..."
"Ta Dah!!!"
"This is the type of thing that should be posted here"
"I have a hard time understanding snuggies  but THIS?"
"Just cooling off"
"When someone overtakes dad when he's driving"
"For some reason r/cats didn't like this"
"Rocker's 2nd Job"
"Losing control"
"Where was this when I was a kid!?"
"If I had this when I was a child I'd be a different man today"
"Disguised Weapons"
"Best part of reddit.. &quot;Dust&quot;"
"Reddits way of slapping me in the face every time I log on."
"WTF is this?"
"Not Fat  Just Wrinkly"
"Favorite gif. Br?"
"Im still alive  motherfucker [nsfw]"
"The only response I give to people when they tell a clever joke that I don't understand."
"Watch out  we got a badass over here."
"Its simple mathematics.."
"There goes my childhood."
"Stop hitting yourself"
"Not Exactly Will..."
"Bat Kitty"
"Nick Nolte riding the bumper cars"
"SKELETOR"
"There are no words."
"So I found out there's such a thing as r/spiders…"
"My reaction when i discover places such as /r/poppers"
"Half the things on this subreddit do this to me..."
"Whenever I see pictures from spiders in Australia"
"Wut"
"To the few people who downvoted my popular post"
"Some crazy Eiffel Tower artwork"
"Cocain Bear"
"I don't think &quot;Cool&quot; is exactly it."
"My reaction to everything in lifeprotips X/post"
"Dramatic Squirrel."
"Squirrelem Dafoe"
"Not quite sure what this *is safe for  but probably not work..."
"I wonder if this works on all cats"
"Temporarily paralysing a cat with a bulldog clip - is this for real?"
"This is what a guy was carrying on his back while riding his motorcycle!"
"Subject: Delay of your Amazon shipment"
"Maybe r/atheism won't be so critical now."
"you gonna eat that?"
"To all the Facebook posts on reddit and imgur..."
"Beautiful and Uplifting"
"The Carbon Footprint of Reddit"
"Pixar IRL"
"Result from searching Google Images for &quot;Best Picture Ever&quot;"
"noooo stop it! [x-post from r/funny]"
"Justin Beaner"
"United we stand... United we fall"
"Do you see him?"
"Space puns"
"Oranges for Sale"
"Amazing! Recycled Bike to Bathroom Counter"
"World's greatest troll."
"Typical Terry Crews"
"Drunk Spiderman."
"Photoshop In Syria"
"I make this face too."
"He's Popeye the sailor man."
"Where is she from?"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif. [FIXED]"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif [fixed]"
"Ermahgerd fish"
"Seth Rogen gets it right."
"Cute puppies"
"Taking pics while playing with toddler  suddenly Hand of God."
"Cat pantaloons"
"Batman lends a helping hand.."
"MACHO MAN!"
"Parenting you're doing it wrong"
"Following the Obama AMA"
"the evolution of game controllers"
"My first reaction to all the college meme sites and misused memes on facebook."
"I've got a real craving for gummy bea... oh  no  no I don't"
"Sauce on this WTF?"
"Crikey! My own subreddit!"
"Classic Joker moment."
"how I feel leaving work early"
"The ball shall be mine!"
"Blacktip Reef Shark  Maldives"
"This GIF just never gets old"
"Sound advice"
"Sound Advice"
"69 Cent."
"Didn't see that coming!"
"Obama dancing"
"Bear face on a pallet."
"Lurk Reddit for a year and a half. Try to submit something..."
"When someone puts on dubstep at a party"
"crazy frog"
"Whenever I take things too far"
"Demon Spawn"
"Mercury(II) Thiocyanate. Also known as 'Pharaoh's Serpent' [GIF][Resubmitted with tags]"
"Shower To Go"
"Online roleplay"
"I'm sure we all do this to some extent [FIXE]"
"No one will ever notice..!"
"As a dog owner  this is how I must treat my yard."
"Perpetual Prenatal Suicide"
"Today more than ever  Keanu"
"So I ate 7 grams of shrooms and it hit me..."
"&quot;Made in China&quot;"
"All of a sudden  it hit me."
"Attempted Murder"
"Attempted Murder"
"Can't tell if r/Aww or r/CloseCall..."
"Bill Cosby on grandmothers"
"My favorite gif"
"My childhood is ruined."
"And he never returned"
"I MUST DANCE!"
"this is y i want a hampster!"
"Fool's Gold"
"The Trustworthiness of Beards"
"Trustworthiness of Beards"
"A Seahorse checks out a divers watch in Maui  Hawaii - Note the reflection [864x714]"
"A Seahorse checks out a divers watch in Maui  Hawaii"
"Next time  give her &quot;the minivan&quot;"
"fat arm=naked co worker. mind blown"
"When you see it..."
"If you also leave it like this  screw you!!!"
"The greatest face-swapping of all time."
"This cat is wearing murder."
"Penis vs brain"
"In bedrooms all across america.."
"Meanwhile in Australia [fixed]"
"EHRMAGERD - Imgur"
"In through the out door"
"Me recently..."
"I'll never look at popcorn the same way..."
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"You came to the wrong neighbourhood"
"HEY! Guess what!"
"Weeeeee--AAAAAAAHHHH"
"The Gordon Freeman Who Waited [x-post from r/wallpapers]"
"My friend REALLY wants me to smoke with him... this happened last night"
"if you're ever feeling down"
"Can anyone explain exactly what the fuck this is?"
"Planets first troll"
"10 Goat"
"The only way to travel."
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"Looking up Pulp Fiction movie screenshots when..."
"guess who"
"It's dangerous to go alone..."
"Very Dangerous."
"For those I love  I will sacrifice"
"I'm gonna be a mighty king..."
"When I try to get off reddit"
"Let me get that wedgie for you"
"Let me get that wedgie for you (from r/funny)"
"PSY vs. justin bieber"
"What I have come to expect out of every Microsoft E3 Conference"
"Exchange students are the best"
"Watching Italy in the Euro games is like seeing stereotypes in real time."
"I work out."
"Epic submarine fight. [1024 x 768]"
"IOS 6 Burn"
"Thanks for the help TFL"
"A helping hand at the local train station..."
"For passengers using iOS6..."
"Getting humbled trying to run to the front page. [GIF]"
"First I was mad  but then I was like.."
"Every time I read about gun shots in USA"
"Consider yourself warned"
"What the fuck is going at this facility?"
"Scumbag Grad Schools"
"This seriously happened in class today. [First Post]"
"One nation under....Chtulhu? I don't even..."
"I think this qualifies for nightmare fuel. [NSFW]"
"lava [pic]"
"What I think of every time a new iPhone is released."
"SAP can't shave"
"On a vacation. It wouldn't have mattered."
"Me  about five minutes ago."
"Socially Awkward AIM"
"Deleted scene from Terminator 2: Judgement Day"
"how i feel as an atheist in mississippi"
"You have SWAG? Let me tell you a secret..."
"This made my day"
"Thumb Man"
"You look nerdy... but I love ya anyway."
"Pickles burrows into the couch"
"Soon."
"I was looking for my pup until all of a sudden..."
"I don't think he likes it..."
"Spidercat"
"The original &quot;faggot.&quot;"
"'m a waiter  and this is what a customer left me for a tip."
"Winter..."
"Beware the Kenyan Tree Lions"
"This is how the ice cream flavors are labeled in Colombia"
"It's been a good Caturday"
"My favourite image on the internet."
"No! bad Ape!"
"Yummy dance."
"Totally makes me want to buy whatever the fuck he's eating"
"In Before the Lava"
"My parents always ask for the computer when I'm on reddit."
"This is why I am not a fan of the twelve steps. Does this bother anyone else?"
"[O] &quot;Planet Express Logo&quot; - Futurama  Comedy Central"
"2 guys 1 handshake."
"White People ..."
"Hard Motherfuckers."
"I'm not a surgeon so I don't know what the hell this surgical procedure is called [nsfl?]"
"how i feel posting links to reddit"
"WOOP WOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOP"
"Like a boss"
"how?.. HOW?"
"How I feel every time I pull into a Walmart... [FIXED]"
"Found this in my animal crackers."
"Found this in my animal crackers."
"Like a boss"
"Sean Connery  WTF?"
"Who says cats can't be trained?"
"how dinosaurs died"
"The Dinosaurs did Not Have Shovels"
"Please take your best guess  because I haven't got a fucking clue"
"Damn  Japanese cinema  you weird."
"ONCE."
"It's my turn with the Xbox!"
"If only I had thumbs"
"yeah  pretty much."
"Everyone like red pandas! It clearly wants a hug."
"Red Panda in a tree (also posted to /r/redpandas)"
"Cute red panda"
"Whargarbl..."
"THE RETARD CONVERSATION"
"You're such an asshole dad.."
"I laughed way harder then I should have at this."
"Oh  you hate your job?"
"If you find this funny  I love you."
"MMMMMMM Tasty"
"How I feel when my friends laugh at memes on Facebook that aren't used properly."
"How it feels seeing &quot;Yay  Friday!&quot; posts while having to work retail Friday through Sunday"
"How it feels seeing &quot;Yay  Friday!&quot; posts when you work retail Friday through Sunday"
"When your team wins  but you don't have any kills"
"Call me maybe."
"Fixed this and posted it on my FB  no one got it."
"ways to pee 101"
"So err... Anyone hungry?"
"Are You From Paris ?"
"Give me your marbles!!"
"I'm sure we will see this in a bottled water commercial in the future."
"we're 6 months into 2012 already."
"it's good to know"
"Awkward Elevator Ride"
"I love..."
"Every night for the past 6 years  a German Shepherd called Capitan has slept over his owner's grave. His owner  Miguel Guzman  died in 2006."
"...end"
"1 Guy  2 Portals"
"Went and saw Magic Mike. At first I was like...but then I was like..."
"Clearing out my bookmarks  then this popped up."
"I miss the hell out of this show."
"Getting high: you're doing it wrong."
"We've all wanted to. NSFW"
"After seeing all my friends show off their cool presents they got from their girlfriend."
"How I feel when I think I've submitted something golden to reddit and it keeps getting downvoted."
"what yall doin here"
"Meanwhile in Austrailian politics [Fixed]"
"Bill Murray is just everywhere"
"Bill Fucking Murray!"
"Bill Murray on a $5 Bill."
"In Bill (Murray) we trust."
"Been replaying Ocarina of Time. I had forgotten how bad a certain part is..."
"Within the Wave"
"Can't look away  so calming."
"I still just can't stop staring."
"Guaranteed to brighten your day."
"Food Dispenser [gif]"
"Why I love Cyanide and Happiness."
"How to become a super hero"
"Skrillex dancing (enhanced video)"
"What you SHOULD do with fame."
"Standing at 10 light years tall..."
"Whenever I realize McDonald's gave me the wrong drink [gif]"
"Ohai  just hanging"
"Amazingly geeky (and accurate) interpretation of the the RNC/DNC speeches on my fb feed"
"A mans fire extinguisher"
"Settler throws wine at Palestinian woman in Hebron"
"Real Life Canyonero"
"So I found this while browsing google images..."
"Today is the day"
"Googled 'Reddit in a .gif'. Found this. I have no idea."
"That amazing moment when your poop that you were sure would clog the toilet goes down smoothly."
"When I get paid  but 4/5ths go to bills"
"How I rock out to dubstep. (not my making  X-post from Gifsound)"
"It seemed to fit..."
"You spelled dad wrong."
"What Is Your Worst Fear?"
"A Serious Problem"
"How to Argue with a Woman"
"Who else loved these?"
"Everybody's gateway drug."
"The bullhorse Dog"
"New From Apple"
"Apple in 10 years..."
"Three of my favorite thing  Stan Lee  Classical music  and lets have the last one be a suprise"
"Shanghai 1990 vs 2010"
"How I felt dancing at prom last night."
"Whatever your argument was  it is now invalid."
"Who else was bummed that they couldn't play this game when they were a kid?"
"When my little brother was bored and being annoying I'd unplug the keyboard and let him play this game."
"Who remembers this?!"
"Mini Donkey on a Construction Site"
"MFW"
"Strangely arousing"
"Where is this from?"
"Is this considered child molestation if this chick gets titty fucked?"
"How Girls see you when you compliment them online"
"This kid works it."
"Motherly words of wisdom."
"When you finally get air after getting stuck under a float in the pool"
"I found this playing the Imgur game  it made me laugh"
"Hope you don't mind  but..."
"Big Fan"
"Those British squirrels are the WORST!"
"DAE remember these? SKAN ALL THE THINGS!"
"The rarest tiger yet..."
"Amazing natural light effect"
"Engineering flowchart"
"The downside in having a bat cave..."
"How I felt when I realized I have to wait an entire year for new episodes after Sunday"
"Cuteness"
"Hammock boat (pic)"
"how i feel when my comment gets more karma then the post"
"Tarzan?"
"Lunchtime!"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Every repost on reddit ever [FIXED]"
"Best Ralph Moment"
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"Reposts."
"How r/Trees reacts to Reposts"
"Science fact! [FB]"
"How to Understand a Woman."
"Man  that was some good stuff..."
"Braaaaaaaaaainss"
"Diablo 3 Open Beta Servers."
"the GIF"
"Ocean waves stained red with blood during the traditional &quot;Grindadrap&quot; Faroe Islands"
"'For Cats Only'"
"A Red Panda: aww-verload!"
"Silly  that's not what that's for"
"I wish I could do my hair like this"
"It kills you..."
"When I decide to stop going easy on my daughter on Mario Kart and she still beats me"
"Meets humans  not impressed"
"Science and Religion Alone in a Dark Room."
"The boot kicking the ball."
"When I see a hot girl walk by in yoga pants"
"Forever alone"
"Greatest bike ever"
"OH DEER  I'M COMING!"
"How I feel when I have to go grocery shopping on Black Friday..."
"Welp... Time to leave..."
"It's actually pretty easy being green"
"This is really how the Leaning Tower of Pisa was built"
"Multi-Tasking Staircase [Xpost from r/pics] [720x518]"
"All mine."
"Did they... did they tape the baby to the window???!!!"
"Survival of the fittest"
"Alfred Hitchcock directing the MGM Roaring Lion."
"Scooby-Doo and the gang have become quite efficient."
"Scooby Don't!"
"What it feels like to use Reddit search..."
"Stranger danger"
"I will fulfill these personal demands of mine if I'm furloughed Monday."
"So small  cute  and furry!"
"...and then after all day on Reddit"
"Don't worry  dad sent your dog to pick you up"
"Saw a commercial for this on SYFY...This BELONGS in r/WTF"
"Keep on rockin' in the free world"
"Me dancing at the club.."
"When my friends are playing Fifa and score a goal."
"A redditor's dream man"
"Classic Johnny Bravo."
"voodoo pizza dance [x-post from /thesims]"
"Plotting Your Death"
"This snow tunnel near the Mutnovsky Volcano in Russia is almost a kilometre long."
"Our School Mascot [NSFW]"
"Just so I don't look like and idiot..."
"Waiting for cookies to be done..."
"This still makes me crack up every time I see it..."
"Got a cat yesterday  here she is:) I named her Luna"
"Now kiss!"
"Things that people that hate reposts also hate"
"HEHEUHEHAHEAHUEH"
"Never Forget Rule # 32..."
"Let's be honest  this is the man truly sad about the Twinkie crisis"
"For everyone having a bad day  Enjoy!"
"$500 fine for littering."
"Look who I ran into today!"
"In case you were wondering..."
"Sofia Vergara gives good banana"
"I need to buy this t-shirt!"
"It was my birthday yesterday  i got sent this"
"This is what my Christmas cards will be this year. Anyone know the origin of this picture?"
"Season's Greetings"
"One of my favorite pictures on the internet  just in time for the winter season. Season's greetings  everyone!"
"Smart Girls (x-post from r/Modern_Family)"
"Say that again  mate  I dare you!"
"Still one of the best pics I've seen"
"Hardcore Gamers! Nintendo's BACK! (gif it a sec)"
"Help a brother out!"
"If condoms had sponsors..."
"Photobomb Level: Count Blackula"
"WAT."
"Pilot Dog!"
"When I first discovered r/Gonewild"
"Going to the toilet in a club/bar past midnight..."
"When I post something and go to bed  and come back the next morning to see the down votes."
"4chan"
"Well  fuck you too!"
"Taxi!"
"I swear as I get older and older Spongebob gets funnier and funnier"
"A monk prays for a dead man in the station hall of the Shanxi Taiyuan Train Station  China"
"My friend is getting divorced and this is the sign outside of his divorce lawyer's office."
"The Top Hat Changes Everything"
"In honor of labor day  dress for the job you want..Not the job you have"
"How it felt when I walked into work on my last day."
"In light of recent events  this might be true"
"But hay..."
"Wolf."
"Milk &amp; Nazzi"
"LOL  Will Smith WUT?"
"Adventure Time Totoro parody"
"Whenever I see rain in a gif  I think of this song"
"How i feel after getting my first upvote!"
"Dumbass"
"This is the only youtube comment that I have really laughed out loud at"
"I've seen some shit"
"because  China."
"Is this what goddites believe?"
"Happy EasterrrraaAAAAAARGH"
"Wake up  Jesus [PIDJIN]"
"Jesus' Second Coming [Comic]"
"Anatidaephobia"
"Baby Great Crested Tern"
"That's no normal slap!"
"A Submission to Reddit Involving Minor-Violence and Facial Hair."
"Cuteness overload!"
"Looks like Batman from The Dark Knight Returns"
"Mad love."
"Yeah  that seems about right..."
"How to piss off Lord of the Rings  Star Trek  Harry Potter  and Star Wars fans at the same time..."
"MFW I realized that the same actor who played the kid in The Dark Knight plays Joffery in GoT."
"MFW I realized that the same actor who played the kid in The Dark Knight plays Joffery in GoT."
"Alien VS Predator."
"Predator wins"
"They just didn't understand life"
"What it feels like to wake up after surgery"
"Good parenting?"
"Best cat gif ever?"
"Kitty Massage"
"Midget Chips"
"For my cakeday  my favorite GIF ever involving cake"
"For my cake day my absolute favourite picture ever"
"Jerking off in a fancy hotel room (SFW)"
"Tensions mount between China &amp; Japan over Diaoyu Islands. Meanwhile  in South Korea..."
"trees on trees"
"Jesus on Sinning"
"Jesus on Imagery"
"Reddit these days"
"Every company I have ever worked at.."
"How I feel when I come home to my two lesbian roommates wearing bikinis and splashing each other in a kiddie pool"
"When my family and I are watching a movie and somebody asks if I farted"
"Whenever someone criticizes Mitt Romney"
"Careful  you could put a Nye out with that thing!"
"Picture of a white child curiously touching the shield of a black riot cop during a KKK protest. No one is born a racist."
"I think you have something on your chin."
"Maybe pick it up and rub soap on it every now and then?"
"Rainbow of the Wasteland"
"Must be a girl thing because my bf looks at me like I'm crazy when I suggest we go sit with him! Am I alone on this one?"
"so  what are you having for lunch?"
"...Boneless?"
"How I feel giving an upvote"
"Cannon blast at Moorpark Civil War reenactment"
"My brother got home really late last night and his wife left him a message in the kitchen."
"Still a better lovestory than twilight."
"Still a better love story than Twilight."
"fuck this shit  I'll walk on two legs"
"A ninja for all the girls out there"
"I can't think of a title for this picture  other than WTF. NSFW."
"giving birth"
"Girls confess the worst day of their lives on a bathroom stall"
"Longest gif bomb ever"
"Puppy uses secret weapon"
"Poot!"
"Watermelons (and other things) are delicious."
"Seattle"
"Wait  what?"
"Got your tongue"
"Spend 10mins doing my hair so I don't look like an emo idiot. One gust of wind later."
"Truck sucks at limbo"
"dude what the fuck!!! [nsfw]"
"Did anyone else have one of these? I miss mine..."
"I Wish I Was This Cool"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"How I feel after a trip to the barbershop."
"Meanwhile at Bauldersgate.com's servers..."
"Scene bitch"
"Special"
"Thought you guys would like this (x-post from r/pics)"
"He's talking about you guys."
"Damn it Channing Tatum  as if they didn't want us more like you as it was."
"Cat in the hat"
"Just a baby red panda"
"er.... hello."
"Baby Red Panda Needs a Hug"
"I pissed myself with laughter: Patriarch of Moscow going in the car"
"The New Star Wars  Disney Style."
"The most epic of threads"
"So much of an improvement"
"How I feel about YOLO {Princess Bride Edition}"
"I won't sneeze"
"I've always wondered the same.."
"Excited highway sign very pleased you're passing under him"
"I crack myself up sometimes."
"I crack myself up sometimes."
"Just your regular danish police officer"
"Danish police officer showing off"
"This has been around for a long time  but it never fails to make me laugh when I'm feeling down. I re-present  the YTMND Dramatic Breakup Letter"
"Almost didn't notice it was my cakeday  posted my favorite reaction .gif of all time  it's ok bro."
"When I make it to the front page and my boss sees it"
"Why Batman  Why?!"
"If Only... [x-post from r/libertarian]"
"Dad vs The Mole. Round One..."
"duckface level: over 9000"
"A little privacy please  mom. [NSFW]"
"Reddit according to /b/"
"Fierce"
"Found on page 16 of a google search"
"I am your father."
"Giraffe bread"
"I Googled &quot;what ya doin&quot;  this is the result..."
"Buddy asks &quot;Can i have your Lil Wayne?&quot;. Sure  one sec - Imgur"
"Woody"
"Polar bear gang"
"Looks like we have a winner"
"I was always pretty good at this game."
"How to get a bargain on Lacoste polos"
"Dalai Lama  doing it right."
"Buddhism"
"I got your back  bro"
"Show me where the bullies are"
"Where are the bullies"
"Aliens  please take me with you!"
"Who needs Diablo 3? I've got trusty ol' Torchlight!"
"Delicious and fresh chicken"
"This my just be my opinion but i see people make this mistake too often with those &quot;cool&quot; fedoras"
"swan dive"
"Been posted before  but one of the coolest photographs I've ever seen."
"It's a miracle!"
"Penis Envy?...Maybe a little (SFW)"
"Capoeira dodgeball."
"A glass-is-half-full type of dog"
"Disabled dog"
"How I imagine /r/mildlyinteresting"
"When they rise [Xpost r/pics]"
"Lucky cat"
"Boob Cat"
"I think I found my new career path."
"Special infected!"
"When Someone Says 9gag is Better Than Reddit"
"The Hierarchy of Mustache"
"Google image searched Tom Selleck for super legit work reasons. These popped up on page one..."
"Every time I sit down..."
"Push it"
"wisdom."
"Whenever life gets me down I remember this quote"
"I think these clouds will impress you. (Fixed)"
"Colors"
"Current mood [gif]"
"I'm the guy who buries your perfect comment."
"My friends and I got into a heated political debate today."
"How I feel when I make a post that gets more than a handful of upvotes"
"Those damn kids"
"Hitlers daughter peeling potatoes [x-post r/wtfstockphotos]"
"When I flush the toilet and a droplet lands on me"
"This about sums it up"
"Oh. I guess you don't need this medicine  then."
"It says it all"
"I've had this open in a tab for the last week... [nsfw]"
"Jiggle jiggle jiggle..."
"Grilling on the Dark Side"
"Well... They're all fictional  but I'm pretty sure no one but C. A. would be kneeling"
"I wonder if the tattoo artist still alive"
"Was life ever really this good?"
"How to be a supportive husband"
"That's all the dinner I'll need!"
"My exact face when I smell breakfast."
"I heard MC Hammer is coming out with a search engine. I think it should use this"
"I'd play it."
"Auntie One God would like a word with you..."
"FLUSH!"
"Flush!"
"Dr. Seuss lets gives us his views on anal sex (SFW)"
"Every time someone falls during the EURO 2012 tournament..."
"For anyone leading towards atheism  look at this picture and think very carefully about it."
"Respecting Religion"
"Sleep tight! (not my own pic!)"
"A coworker found this little guy outside. Now he wont let him work."
"final level"
"How to test if my son is gay?"
"How I'm going to feel as an American during the Olympics."
"Squirrel in a Snowstorm"
"It's breathtaking to consider... [pic] (x-post from r/QuotesPorn)"
"&quot;It's breathtaking to consider...&quot; - Anonymous [1024x576]"
"What happens in this subreddit."
"Where Carl goes at night"
"I'm a Buff Bane and I Dance"
"do you believe in batman?"
"Subtle  but drives every man wild [SFW][GIF]"
"When I tell my gf she's been bad..."
"After a night of drinking  wake up to find your 8AM class cancelled"
"Not the usual awww"
"Nomination [September] The Great Divide - Chameleons"
"Every time I hear he was a bad person this just pop up in my head."
"How I feel with no sleep  and all the downvotes."
"Alien's Blood Waterfalls  Antarctica"
"Front page Ho!"
"FRONT PAGE HO! (X-post from r/pics)"
"You may experience rolling blackouts in your area... [xpost from r/gifs]"
"When I see a character I know in a new game"
"To the old school gamer  this is for you."
"316 gais! Must be a sign."
"My gay friend's thoughts for the people supporting Chick-fil-a"
"Whenever someone says &quot;YOLO&quot; on reddit (X-post r/gifs)"
"How I would play Mortal Kombat as a child."
"What I Do When it Says to Press &quot;A&quot; Repeatedly"
"I guess privacy and modesty have a different meaning in this place. WTF?"
"It's called fashion"
"...because fuck gravity."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"When UPS/FedEx comes to the house and I forgot that I had ordered something..."
"Welcome to Japan."
"Drop that bitch."
"Unless of course somebody comes up with 6-Minute Abs  then you're in trouble  huh?"
"Trying to downvote anything with a cat."
"When I disagree with the hivemind."
"Toast"
"Unsettling."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Thug Life"
"He's got the moves"
"Any idea who this young lady is?"
"So I was a on Youtube.."
"Best product combination  ever."
"I'll never understand this gif."
"You can't run..."
"Not sure if NSFW....."
"With all the different iPad models this is hoe I picture Christmas morning for a lot of people."
"golf balls"
"Always makes my morning pee a tad more delightful [FIXED]"
"I stare at this every time I pee [improved]"
"If I only had this disclaimer on my bottle last saturday night"
"Evolution of the NYC Skyline over 130 years"
"NYC Skyline  1876-2013 [900 x 686] x/post from r/cityporn"
"Even more over compensation than a hummer"
"I don't know if this is a repost but  I saw this on my news feed."
"Introducing.. Urechis unicinctus a.k.a. *The Penis Fish*"
"My favorite game back then"
"And if I ever catch you doing that to your privates again I'm going to tie your trunk in a knot!"
"The Single Greatest Sports Moment"
"How I feel about the new Muppets movie"
"Baby hippo swims"
"Seriously distracting"
"Gandhi dancing"
"Just minding my own business... then  a lion."
"Winston Churchill sums up r/atheism [x-post r/quotesporn]"
"The origin of the game &quot;LOL&quot;"
"My hopes for Black Ops 2"
"Very beautiful horse i ever see in this world [Fixed]"
"Back to School knives..."
"Seems Legit"
"seems legit"
"Happy birthday you magnificent bastard!"
"Wolf Eating a Watermelon [960 x 761]"
"Dear America  much love  Australia[FIXED]"
"Bring r/WTF back to the roots. (NSFW NSFL)"
"the tallest iphone yet!!!"
"How DRM really works!"
"/r/pics doesn't have much of a sense of humor."
"Surprise in....3....2....1"
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"I will defend you always M'lady"
"Conan and Xena.... Sorta"
"It's the season for family photos"
"Tahiti"
"Whaaaa...?"
"Mind = Blown."
"He's Up!"
"I have never had Nutella  tell me  is this accurate?"
"I small graph for living life"
"It was a meaningless win  but here's how I felt watching it"
"I don't even know what to say.."
"When you reach max level...You stop leveling."
"He's Got Stars in His Eyes..."
"What I want to do to those who say YOLO."
"TailSpin"
"Slendcraft"
"Ever wake up in someone else's bed?"
"I think they're confused..."
"Who need swag when you're the great cornholio"
"How I imagine a reddit meet up would go."
"That's enough internet  I'm going outside"
"Now We're the Lunatics??"
"Your brain is not ready for this [GIF]"
"Face merge"
"Hagrid tells the truth"
"Fuck Yeah!"
"Father of the year (x-post from r/pics)"
"A Loving Parent"
"How I feel when I am woken up before 12 on saturday"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"I'm tired of all these pokemon bw2 pics"
"After just a couple months on Reddit"
"How Canadians [Should] View America [Fixed]"
"Damn kids..."
"Puppy gets revenge."
"Your move  captcha..."
"Whoa  this bamboo is a badass"
"oh snap. we got a badass"
"Watch out guys  we got a badass over here!"
"When nobody votes on my link"
"How I feel when I see that first upvote after I submit a link"
"How I feel seeing all my comments with 1 upvote"
"Hop Hop Hop Hop Hop Hop Hop"
"My reaction to winning an argument with my GF"
"I figured out who Shitty_Watercolour is!"
"I had my first rage quit (and plenty more) due to this game."
"All of Reddit's reaction to Nick Offerman/Ron Swanson's AMA"
"Now Watch Me Resurrect..."
"How I feel not drinking at college"
"Moth eye (xpost from WTF)"
"The eye"
"Praise the Lord! Miracle in the alcohol aisle!"
"Good to know.. O_o"
"Real or fake?"
"An honest mistake"
"Some guys like a little Bush."
"To Do List"
"Best obituary ever...."
"4Chan on RCT"
"If the Steam Summer Sale was in a mall instead of online"
"How I spend my days on Dead Rising 2"
"Haters gonna Hate"
"Zombies gonna hate"
"BICYCLE!!!!"
"Merry Fucking Christmas. What to expect for 1 night in the hospital when you don't have health insurance."
"Three Nigel Moon"
"Red crabs climbing over a purpose built overpass to cross a road on Christmas Island."
"What's E3?"
"What's E3?"
"How I feel about everyone posting about their cake day and getting upvotes."
"Cute Mr. Ferrets"
"I are paralyze?"
"Tricked into bed again"
"I... uh..."
"What... (NSFW)"
"Jesus is a jerk"
"A map showing metal bands per capita"
"World's smallest helicopter"
"Adorable gasp"
"Every time I watch Louis CK"
"Indian Burn..."
"I googled the definition of swag. Was not disappointed."
"Soon..."
"Alpaca condom"
"I miss the old Dumbledore"
"Late for work... [Crosspost from /r/gifs]"
"Shouting guy"
"Pretty much how I look when I dance after drinking"
"Just some cute-ass penguins... That is all"
"Meo...erm  i mean HOO"
"As a foreign exchange student  this is how I think American college students view Romney."
"Googled &quot;the internet&quot;  was not let down"
"So I googled &quot;The Internet&quot;"
"How I feel Down voting my own posts"
"Happy 18th Son!"
"Gamestop Circumvents Image Blocking"
"Move Your Body"
"What to expect on your cakeday"
"An accurate depiction of how Americans view the world. (From R/Murica)"
"I spent too much time on r/GoneWild"
"America FUCK YEAH!"
"Bucharest Riots"
"Romanian child hands a heart-shaped balloon to riot police during protests against austerity measures in Bucharest."
"Nope. Nope. ...Nope."
"I'd give you the sun and the moon."
"Bacon Flowchart"
"Scumbag Quickmeme (this happens way too often)"
"Fridge"
"I have no idea"
"The Ents will surely be unhappy (X-post r/funny)"
"If you do this  fuck you."
"Monorail cat"
"Just a family sharing the joy of the birth of a new baby in the family. Come on  hop on in the birthing pool!"
"It's a family affair!!"
"I don't even.."
"Just some good  old-fashioned family... bonding?"
"Meet my new pet otter"
"Cutest face I've ever seen... I want one as a pet"
"I find this double-rotation oddly soothing"
"When I browsed 'new' in r/gonewild for the first time."
"Eating a spoonful of cinnamon"
"When people say atheism is arrogant"
"The random button took me to r/spiders."
"Just a day at the airport."
"My new baby kitten loves being scratched!"
"We finally did it."
"Me everyday:"
"Red Pandas enjoying the snow!"
"incredible mount geometry"
"What it feels like downvoting reposts"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"One too many times."
"When someone won't shut up in the library during finals week..."
"When someone won't shut up in the library during finals week... - Imgur"
"Reboot needs a reboot"
"1924 Ringling Brothers and Barnun &amp; Bailey &quot;Circus of Freaks&quot;"
"A picture that never fails to make me laugh."
"Things you can only do with boys."
"No Girls Allowed"
"Wonder what r/mensrights has to say about this"
"He doesn't like thunderstorms either..."
"Took this photo of a cute little baby at a wedding recently"
"I tried melting crayons for valentines day too!"
"This is what happens when you come home drunk and cook a pizza for 13 hours..(FIXED)"
"When someone opens a pack of gum"
"How I view Redditors on r/politics"
"Living in Cape Town (x-post from r/pics) (1200x797)"
"Can someone explain this?"
"Air Bubble in Water Bubble in Microgravity."
"Reddit  I give you: overly excited Obama."
"OH  nothing much - just a tight rope walking goat with a tiny monkey on its back"
"How I feel after getting an upvote:"
"A true American badass"
"A true man."
"Live so Free..."
"..Can't think of a title  so take this. t('_'t)"
"News bombing"
"Club Panda"
"Trying to reach the front page [fixed]"
"Datt glass"
"MFW I first downloaded Reddit Enhancement Suite"
"First day back in school after winter break."
"To the people who downvote me because I made a valid point against you"
"This is how I feel with only two days left at my horrible job"
"inappropriate"
"This looks like fun...."
"When puppies attack"
"Still one of my favorite images..."
"Jesus is at it again."
"Not a single fuck was given until he smacked dat ass."
"Puberty fail"
"Saw this at my local family christian book store"
"Inception 'kick' scene: Cat edition"
"Happy Star Wars! [Fixed]"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Happy Obi-Wan is happy"
"Getting back from work knowing tomorrow is Friday..."
"when my favourite song plays"
"Forever Alone Donkey"
"8{| Hey  these aren't half bad."
"Epic Cute Muppet Cupcakes"
"Muppets Cupcakes"
"Ricky getting it right."
"Thunderheads over the Grand Canyon"
"Epic"
"Lightning storm at Grand Canyon  Arizona"
"U Mad?"
"Bunny ears"
"And my friend says sidecars are lame..."
"Calvin explains the economy"
"A breakfast fit for a Faun."
"FLUFF THESE LLAMAS"
"Why do they look so happy?"
"Dammit  Phil  you had one job! ONE JOB!"
"I can haz pet too"
"What..The...Fuck..... ouch? NSFW/NSFL"
"Go Godzilla  go!"
"Reddit I bring you gifts... or rather  a koala bear"
"How Reddit feels everytime theres a new Hobbit anything"
"Niger River crocodile that was terrorizing local villagers."
"Shark swimming in a school of fish"
"I got this!"
"I GOT THIS"
"How to handle road rage"
"Jesus was not a Zombie! (X-Post from r/RPG)"
"Epicurus was a genius way ahead of his time."
"Lizard hair"
"Lizard Haircut"
"Unusually clever hairstyle"
"There's bigger problems!"
"Just Kidding"
"Corgi / Husky Mix! D'awhhh"
"My Muhammad Drawing"
"The McKayla Lisa [OC]."
"The Mona Burgundy"
"My Face when someone drops the grinder"
"Thanks to netflix i know the origin of this"
"How my friend reacted when I told him I've had the same laptop as my only computer for 6 years."
"Took me a few seconds..."
"*squeeze squeeze squeeze*"
"Gorge Road BMX Jump Park"
"I reread the comments on my posts"
"Batman:The Caped Crusader"
"This is going to be a great 14 hour flight..."
"This is the text..."
"I was looking for an angry gif but ran into this..."
"Like a boss"
"absolute boss!"
"massive come back"
"Parenting Level: Indian"
"They will love it son...they will love it!"
"YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH!"
"Today is gonna be a good day."
"Wait  that's my yoga mat..."
"Titanic v Noah's Ark"
"Post the scariest picture you've seen. Here's mine:"
"I really hate the fact that this thing is real."
"He loves sweeping..."
"Tail Chomp Wolf"
"Whole wheat AND heart melting..."
"What the hell is wrong with her bra?"
"How i felt as little kid at the dinner table."
"King Kong is Sending a Good Message to the Kids."
"The Stockholm Metro"
"Reddit......full of normal people. We're not crazy; our mothers had us tested when we were kids."
"My face after hearing Hostess (makers of Twinkies) shut down operations as of this morning..."
"Tallahassee Just Found Out"
"Purple Rain..."
"My face when I put my pants on fresh out of the dryer on a cold day"
"Found this little guy being shit out of a Rhino in sub-Saharan Africa - saved him."
"Las Vegas suburb"
"FACK I forgot to update my resume  suppose this can wait a day."
"Charlie Sheen's got nothin' on this guy"
"James Spader"
"thought this belonged here"
"finding /r/spacedicks"
"accidentally going on /r/spacedick"
"I can't be the only one who thinks sloths are adorable  right? My family thinks I'm crazy..."
"Batman pumpkin....freaking badass."
"Doginos Pizza"
"domino's it is then"
"Cheating Level: Master."
"The day Reddit was blocked at work."
"How I feel when I pay bills right after my paycheck comes."
"Not even the president impresses McKayla Maroney."
"McKayla Maroney and the President are unimpressed."
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed."
"Leader of the free world? Not impressed."
"President Obama is not impressed with McKayla Maroney."
"President Obama and McKayla are not impressed"
"Meets the President."
"Well played Obama... Well played..."
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed"
"Unimpressed McKayla and Obama at the White House"
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are not impressed."
"Unimpressed Obama"
"I bet nobody saw this picture this morning"
"McKayla Marony and President Obama. Not impressed."
"Not Impressed"
"My reaction when cake day submission gets downvoted"
"2000 HP boat used to smuggle drugs"
"Soon."
"Welcome to the real world"
"Night Cruisin'"
"This kid knows what's up"
"How I feel getting on the exercise bike after weeks of not working out."
"The gatekeeper to Reddit"
"I'll tell you what GOD did with ATHEISTS for 1500 years..."
"Simba double?"
"Charlotte's web"
"Is this real?!"
"In Croatia  people dress up as Krampus  the evil anti Santa that punishes bad kids."
"just my friend's pomeranian enjoying a bath in the sink"
"As a person with a memory foam bed  this made my day."
"I...I remember everything...."
"MemoryFoam"
"SQUIRREL?!?"
"Beets by Dre"
"So this female boat..."
"This is my life in Texas currently living in a smaller town."
"So I stood up and told that teachin' lady"
"Your cats face just made me sad. I fixed it!"
"The funniest grumpy cat I have seen"
"The only grumpy cat meme that has ever made me laugh."
"Made me chuckle."
"Ped-O-Bear"
"ped [X-Post]"
"A Penn State University Production - PED"
"He fits in your hands"
"Just take a look. I know u want it."
"Look."
"Meet Waz-Up Sloth"
"I mustache you a question"
"The world seen from Norway."
"Just got paid  put in my two weeks  and going to be moving soon. This is how I feel right now."
"When I realized it was my cake day"
"Being new to reddit and seeing my first post get upvoted."
"Myth Busted?"
"I'll see your BYO Slurpee cup... and raise you Slurpee MEGA BUCKET!"
"I see your BYO cup 7/11 guy and raise you this gentleman!"
"My Wife said our daughter looks like a gang member. I don't see it."
"Cage?"
"Still got it'"
"Barney?!"
"First and Last Time in This Part Of the City..."
"First and last time in this part of the city."
"How I feel mowing the lawn on Monday..."
"I think this picture is amazing."
"Two redditors posting the same thing at the same time"
"Rare behind the scenes picture of Heath Ledger on the set of The Dark Knight."
"Timon and Pumbaa?"
"Show Me Your Kitties!"
"Too much crazy for one photo"
"As a christian male  This is how my reality changed after coming to /r/atheism. Thanks for enlightening me."
"I know this gets reposted a lot  but this is funny as fuck."
"It's not that hard  you guys."
"I'll just leave this here."
"No! Bad Hose!"
"Suddenly  Santa"
"Beer Pong?"
"An ice formation that looks like a human hand [x-post from r/pics]"
"Every birthday of my protected and deprived child life.."
"Thanks for offering help  but I'll manage."
"Fuck Wrestling  Im Fabulous"
"Good Better Best"
"UFCF - Ultimate Fictional Characters Fighting - Collection - Imgur"
"how a redditor assassinates someone"
"Look at its face. LOOK AT IT!"
"At the top of the bottom half of the world."
"thaitanic"
"Shopping"
"highway to hell"
"As a Metalhead  this is how I'm going to feel tonight while with my friends at a Shins concert."
"Quitting smoking  and this is how I feel..."
"Gorgeous."
"Starry (dark) Night"
"Ammmurrrca"
"Marijuana."
"Luger pistol (Parabellum) slow motion"
"Pweeze don't eat toast for breakfast!"
"can i eats this?"
"Tastes like glowing"
"Just a frog who has eaten a light"
"Batman is not playing along"
"I couldn't agree more  Mr. Bean."
"Wow  I can totally relate!"
"How I feel when I take a piss after I work it out."
"To all those posting pictures of their cats holding stuffed animals..."
"Cutest Dog Picture Ever!"
"Worlds cutest dictator."
"How to brush your teeth like a man"
"Whenever someone cuts by best friend's head off..."
"Why him?!!! It should have been me!!! (fb)"
"Sending help."
"General Lee Rides Again"
"General Lee Rides Again [gif]"
"When college friends find out you have an adderall prescription during finals week"
"They're getting onto us!"
"JUMP JUMP JUMP!"
"I tried to give a round of applause but...."
"philosophical words from t-rex"
"Pouring salt in the wound [gif]"
"Oh.. it's OK  I can hold til I get back home.. No  really!"
"Nope!"
"NOPE  mate! Australian restroom horror."
"Today I did a watercolor of Heisenberg (Walter Breaking Bad)"
"So many glasses..."
"When Someone Drops a Deuce and Doesn't Flush"
"Checking stash and finding out I'm dry."
"How i felt being on Reddit while sleeping at a church all spring break..."
"Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison (1968)"
"Almost Finished Downloading?"
"Saved these little guys from a vicious death at the hands of [Insert terrible thing here]."
"would this scare you?"
"Tron girls. 'nuff said."
"Lucky Penny Trap!"
"This is what a happy cat looks like"
"super splash mountain"
"We usually settle things in the streets  but Sandy had us improvising."
"We usually settle things in the streets  but Sandy had us improvising."
"Gf and I did Chun-Li and Ryu. Not too shabby methinks."
"Someone is going to regret this tattoo"
"Blink if you want me."
"Test your might!"
"How r/atheism reacts to &quot;I'm a Christian and I have some questions&quot;"
"I wish my boss was this cool"
"Can someone please explain this to me?"
"Whatever she did was one HELL of a drug."
"I think you're doing it wrong."
"My entire collection of Animals Giving High Fives (68 images  ~55 species)"
"Coming out of planned parenthood clean"
"How it feels to come to the rescue of a less informed friend who is in a debate"
"I stepped on someone (xpost from /r/PerfectTiming)"
"Parents Just Don't Understand..."
"Soon..."
"When I saw the photo of hot Mario and Luigi in leather"
"Happy Thanksgiving on Sesame Street"
"Father of the Year."
"We've all experienced this."
"I really hope they still make these..."
"Assholes always win"
"A reminder of how amazing humans are."
"Hardcore Christian"
"Two in one wtf! The link itself is a major wtf with the lack of class and then this a xpost from r/funny..."
"50 Shades of grey (Chav style)"
"I don't know of any &quot;good&quot; Christians but my friend here comes close. She is sure in going to hell for not believing but she is still a keeper"
"Gabe wouldn't even pour me 3 inches of water"
"Batman on a bad day"
"How I feel when I realise I have no work tomorrow"
"This still creeps the fuck out of me"
"Hate it when that happens..."
"I swear it's your kid."
"3d pornos and immaculate conception..."
"Every time I hear my name in a sentence."
"Obama riding an unicorn and shooting rainbows from his hands... that is all"
"And now I'm hungry..."
"Tiny piglet hugging a strawberry"
"Moves like Jesus!"
"Is he Smiling??"
"Is he Smiling??"
"I throw my hands up in the air sometimes"
"I had to shank him"
"My free time in elementary school [Fixed]"
"Breakfast?"
"Sneak level: 99"
"Cute photobomb (cross post from r/funny)"
"Nobody."
"Evolution of the human species in a gif"
"The weirdest  and most unnoticed  part of the Superbowl..."
"Oh  you!"
"Dat Face"
"Taking care of business"
"I've been working like a dog"
"Hey guys  I just found some facebook gold!"
"Rainn Wilson on Zero Dark Thirty."
"watching my parents use the computer"
"When I try to remember a funny joke I made"
"Capitalism"
"The narwhal has baconed"
"Bacon Turtle Burgers"
"Bacon turtle burgers (via Cali Lewis on Google+)"
"This is by far the best way to assault your wife"
"&quot;Where you will find me at parties...&quot;"
"Sneak lvl 100"
"I'm loving it"
"They all do this. And I don't know why."
"Rock. Paper. Scissors."
"I'd have to check out the menu first  but I might eat there."
"When life turns on you....you HACK IT"
"Global Warming"
"STILL my favorite picture on the interwebs."
"Although largely unpublicized  the great cookie war of 1984 was one of the greatest atrocities towards the chocolate chip population."
"Babysitting"
"Well I will be playing this board game tomorrow."
"Pius XII and Hitler."
"What wizardry is this?!"
"Miraculous Oranges Made of Jello Shots... Checkmate Atheists!"
"When I try to beat my friend at any fighting game"
"Clever Bus Advertisement."
"Praiiizzuh Jeeezusah!"
"Taste-testing."
"Calvin and the Stars [843x403]"
"what it feels like watching your pet gets down voted in /r/aww"
"When something gets downvoted in r/aww"
"I saw daddy last night"
"The Original Badass."
"'MERICA !!!"
"'Merica"
"Uncle motherfuckin Sam"
"Fantasy Time"
"Hover Hand Level: -9999"
"Today  no fucks were given."
"Dat Ash [Fixed]"
"I love this meme."
"Cooties.."
"Call for a good time!"
"Good Memories"
"That finger must seem like a tree to him"
"Hi r/aww. I'm a marmoset"
"How I felt after reading r/nosleep."
"Talented  but stupid [gif]"
"Too much pressure."
"Hot tub boat. Fuck yes."
"Mac and PC...."
"Made this one myself. May I present &quot;Slenderman Frolicking&quot;."
"Ouch [NSFW]"
"When I post something I'm sure is going to hit the front page."
"It's playing with the ducks!"
"The Neverending Story was a lot different than I remember"
"Real life novelty account?"
"Rowan Atkinson can pop a face LIKE A BOSS [GIF]"
"Invincible slider"
"How I feel when I actually say something in r/politics"
"Found this building while browsing the interwebz  mind=blown"
"No running!"
"Zoidberg slinky fail"
"Broke Back Mountain 2"
"battling a new gaming addiction - what WOW:MOP has done to my work/school/social life"
"WARNING:Do not watch if songs become lodged in your brain no matter what"
"Every time I fart in the shower."
"Almost witnessed a fight on the train"
"Shit's 'bout to go down."
"Pew! Pew! Pew!"
"Not sure if repost...."
"Whenever I dig for an explanation to a deleted comment."
"First World Woman Problems"
"PC Gaming Woes.."
"I hate when this happens"
"My dad this morning"
"1 out of 2 ain't bad | thelolbrary"
"Fuck you  Dan."
"can't resist the &quot;im so sorry&quot; look"
"So sad!"
"cute bunnies"
"Lost his Shit (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"Cut my life into pizza.."
"That sure as hell is magnetic balls.."
"Not sure if repost  but someone showed me this"
"&quot;The Bane of My Existence&quot;"
"Woodless graphite/charcoal pencil drawing of Bane - &quot;The Bane of My Existence&quot;"
"Mega balls... WTF?!?"
"/funny didnt like this  but I'm sure /wtf can appreciate it."
"nice space hopper you the-uerghhh"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  the King and Queen of Sweden! (x-post /photoshopbattles)"
"Shut Up And Take My Money!"
"Jenga"
"Cats gonna taunt"
"What it's like as a male in a r/TwoXchromosomes thread"
"Karate move"
"One of those little Korean kids grew up..."
"A GIANT hit (x-post from r/skyrim)"
"When they told me he was nailed the the cross I had no idea..."
"West side right now"
"Right everyone  get it saved for various Facebook responses..."
"Picking a fight"
"I want you inside me"
"Frog says &quot;No&quot;"
"Who's the man?"
"No kid  that's not how you brush your teeth."
"Realizing it's my cakeday today"
"Happy Easter! Here is a bunny on a stripper pole."
"My kind of bunny."
"Orange Sun Scintillating"
"Possibly a redditor's dream girl"
"Typed WTF into google and was not disappointed."
"The many faces of a cat with paper glasses."
"I know that feel  bro."
"Every crash needs an explosion at the end."
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'"
"If God Exists..."
"Seriously...WTF?? (NSFL)"
"But why"
"Half-life 2: doing it right?"
"Religious leaders praying for the safety of the drivers prior to the Singapore Grand Prix [x-post from r/Formula1] - who wants to photoshop an atheist in there?"
"Just us two enjoying our first spring together"
"How I poop when I make the front page."
"How I poop after taking my girlfriend home from a nice day together."
"Me When Taking a Bathroom Break During Work."
"How I poop when I feel like the son of man and god and lion"
"The original crappy ending"
"There are 8 different consoles in there"
"Just Santa getting ready..."
"High surf below Golden Gate Bridge  San Francisco"
"Perfect Fit. Possibly [NSFW]"
"WHAT TH..... Oh  right"
"Rip my friend ! You took one for the team!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson and me with a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson and me with a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson and me."
"Stars Wars Cars"
"This bulldog thinks you're doing a pretty decent job."
"We just call him eccentric"
"after watching the debate  I think I'd rather vote for this guy"
"90's Barbie vs. 00's Barbie"
"Classy."
"College"
"Fuck sheep!"
"Put that stupid tongue back in your mouth  Jerry."
"I guess Steam has been around longer than I thought..."
"I would like to present my client's internet search history for that evening....."
"Who knew an ass could be so cute?"
"Arguing With Creationists"
"How I picture myself: sitting atop my glorious Reddit pedestal"
"You kno i never forgave u Koreans..."
"Pregnant unicorn"
"just an everyday unicorn pregnancy"
"High horse"
"Honestly  I don't have a title for this."
"Upvotes for everyone"
"This is what I feel like now that I've got RES"
"A cloud covered valley in Lombardia Northern Italy"
"Here's how to throw a foam party"
"Cars Swallowed by Grass at CMP Block in Taiwan"
"fine literature"
"Thanks  Google  now I understand"
"Ghostbusters"
"When i got bored and typed in /r/shit"
"After an hour of r/nsfl. (I don't know why I do this to myself)"
"My cat died 7 years ago  but I still miss him every day. I drew this for everyone who's lost their feline buddy ^_^"
"this was on my fb wall this morning"
"Bill Nye the Fucking Science Guy"
"I love you!"
"That'd be a great place to take a woman... if I knew one."
"I want to go there."
"Spoil your father for fathers day"
"This game was the shit."
";)"
"Nom nom nom ..."
"How I feel when someone challenges me to a religious debate  and I win [X-Post from r/halo]"
"...Socrates' philosophies and hypothesis can't define how I be droppin these mockeries..."
"I don't think the human body is supposed to bend like that."
"The very best of OKCupid."
"Time to get away for awhile..."
"Kissing Booth"
"Give me some fin. [xpost from /r/freekarma]"
"how i reacted when my post made it to the front page(subreddit) within a hour"
"How I feel when I make a clever comment on Reddit"
"The story so far... [UPDATE]"
"Steam Post-Summer Camp Picture Leaked!"
"Just how insignificant we really are... [gif]"
"I thought it was going to be another one of those &quot;Scale of the Universe&quot; things...nope. Wait for it."
"Some men just want to see the"
"This made me laugh out loud!"
"Unusual suggestion"
"Soon."
"when my friend says she doesn't like nutella"
"Who ever decided this wasn't a good idea?"
"this picture..."
"The slide for bad kids."
"Land of the free"
"'MERICA"
"9 persons max."
"how i feel when i try to date girls"
"Schools of fish surround three sharks"
"annually."
"Street Cred"
"I love baby animals"
"Haunts my thoughts."
"Surprise ending"
"Just watched Beauty and the Beast  such a beautiful moment..."
"Woke up from a nightmare where I was out of trees..."
"Most awesomer disguise ever"
"Give this man a medal"
"Attention Whore"
"Fuck this duck"
"Donald stares into your soul"
"You know you want these."
"Awesome Balloon Idea."
"This could possibly be dangerous"
"How I feel when I try dancing at a club"
"MFW When Imgur is undergoing maintenance"
"I suddenly had the urge to play Portal."
"Chinese zookeeper feeds hungry lions with live lambs: live horror show in 3  2  ..."
"Don't leave your Hotel to go Scuba diving!!!..Radisson Blue Hotel Berlin"
"for every upvote I get"
"Use this hair loss treatment! Sure  you'll have a fuller head of hair  but it may age you about 20 years or so."
"He's got a point."
"I'm a crepe."
"Can we all agree to stop protesting against gay marriage and start protesting FOR all these other fun forms of bible-approved marriage?!"
"Marriage is between a man and... well  just about anyone"
"Diving Cat"
"Scuba diving cat  I figured y'all would appreciate this"
"Find the CAT in this picture"
"Find the cat."
"Vote up if you found the cat"
"Does she  now?"
"My my how much barbie has grown up"
"Low Self-Esteem."
"Too soon?"
"I'll feed it everyday! And I'll pet it  and put it in my mouth..."
"Only he can judge us."
"Best friends!"
"Well  People in my Apt. building are going to hate me.."
"Do this."
"Worst Fleshlight Ever[Fixed]"
"Found this in my local paper."
"Nice hair. Kinda"
"Nice hair... wait what?"
"The friend that was always there for you!"
"I see your disgusting back-boob and raise you this..."
"After a bad karma day on reddit"
"Oh Tim  you silly goose!"
"Yo dawg we heard you like Macs..."
"She hated them before you knew who they were."
"This is too good."
"Bang!"
"Well thought out.."
"Day and Night"
"My friend found this at a gas station in GA  thought it was worth sharing."
"Yeah... I think you've both had enough of that first option."
"Frog fucking fish face"
"Why I hate clubs (FIXED)"
"i live in a glass house... er  shell..."
"Merman! *cough cough* MerMAN"
"Fire extinguisher ride in subway"
"I love Ass Burgers."
"My favorite part of bath time when I was a kid..."
"Here she is. Happy Christmas reddit!"
"The Majority Opinion of r/MyLittlePony"
"Batman eating a pony"
"Batman meets My Little Pony"
"Fuck you  I do what I want!"
"TV"
"I have a dream."
"Excited to craft my 7 coal from the steam holiday sale. Pure Disappointment."
"Barney has to eat too..."
"A big scoop by the people at CBC News!"
"how domestic of him..."
"Turns out Lance Armstrong didn't use Drugs..."
"When i see white people on the south side of Chicago."
"Before there were XBOX Live achievements..."
"Go home apple  you're drunk."
"Caution: Ballroom Dancing"
"SHOW ME YOUR WAR FACE"
"True Size of Africa"
"How big is Africa?"
"Whenever I see a 'TIL' that I've known about for years"
"When my second post ever made front page and every post since has tanked..."
"I see why they added the moustach"
"my friend's cat smiling"
"Keeping this open on my second monitor where I normally browse Reddit is keeping me motivated to keep working..."
"My reaction when somebody tells me I look creepy in a wifebeater."
"Todays Cyanide and Happiness for those who havent seen it - hilariously relevant."
"Today's Cyanide and Happiness"
"Saying Goodbye"
"So that's what Darkwing Duck was up to..."
"How I feel when my girlfriend is at my house and I'm playing Xbox"
"Miss Me Yet?"
"How I take my shots..."
"Get the fuck off the stage"
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts..."
"Yeah  that's totally why..."
"Looks fun"
"How.. how did he get out of that room? [cosplay]"
"Meanwhile  in America"
"Meanwhile  in the 1970s..."
"An interesting sport...[xpost/funny]"
"Just WTF"
"It happens to the best of us."
"Uh oh..."
"Me either  Siri."
"I wonder what Siri is hiding?"
"I really don't think that's the most pressing matter at hand  Siri."
"Apparently Siri isn't a Monty Python fan..."
"I wanted to look up a movie my friend was talking about..."
"The original Good Guy Greg and Scumbag Steve"
"There is no Rodman  only Zuul."
"When my post makes it to the front page"
"Somewhere in China..."
"So I Told the Bitch  Either Take My Bone or GTFO"
"Ping pong is the answer to all conflict"
"What it feels like when I'm on Facebook"
"Oh Google  I see what you did there."
"We have a new superhero!!!"
"Playing online with a shitty connection"
"These two are almost too cute."
"A couple of cute cougar cubs"
"My wifi name"
"Highway Inside Building"
"she's sick off all the puppy reddit love"
"Too soon"
"Needs more Nigel"
"When I travel outside my province and I see a license plate from back home (BC)"
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"RELEASE MY PENIS  HUMAN"
"Ok Mr. Treadmill  you talked me out of it."
"Israel  wat r u doin"
"Israel  wat r u doin"
"If you live in America  the media doesn't tell you this about the israeli palestinian conflict..."
"the best side of the moon"
"How I feel when the girl I plan on marrying breaks up with me:"
"80s family portrait"
"Awesome gallery! [x-post from pics]"
"An Owl in Flight. That is all."
"Flying Owl"
"Hold Me Back!"
"Oktoberfest: Redditor from Munich here! This is my walk to work in the morning..."
"Don't mess with the hippo"
"How I feel discussing myself in those around the room introductions"
"This is why Batman hate Search engines?"
"Found my old gameboy"
"Holy batman!"
"o_O"
"puprito"
"Baby Grilling Station"
"Baby Grilling Station"
"This is pretty fucked up...Right?"
"Greatest cat photobomb ever."
"Not sure if creepy or adorable. Probably the former."
"How to explain sex to children (found it on FB)"
"Whenever I see a hot girl while I'm running."
"And On That Day..."
"How I see myself when I make the front page of r/aww."
"Dr. Seuss for adults."
"The Stokkur Geyser in Iceland has erupted every 4-8 minutes since a 1789 earthquake - here it is a split second before erupting"
"Fucks given at the Tomb Of The Unknown Soldier."
"Just some ink and water."
"After being in Reddit for this long  this is me every time someone tries to show me something funny they found on the Internet.."
"Bill Murray and a potted plant."
"When our friend scored a date with someone who we thought would shoot him down."
"Welcome To The Internet  Here is Your GIF Basket"
"I came across this browsing art one day"
"Pretty much me when my sister is being a brat."
"When a best friend calls my name from across the hall"
"What chalk looks like under the microscope"
"what chalk looks like under a microscope. [pic]"
"Boy  that escalated quickly..."
"Interesting response on my phonics test today..."
"How I picture Oriannas that don't shield their teammates"
"Favorite Nursery Rhyme"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"Bad Luck Brian on /r/atheism today"
"Bad Luck Brian goes to see The Dark Knight Rises"
"Whenever I'm driving at all"
"Had to leave the pup with the in-laws last weekend. MFW they send me pics of him."
"When my only connect tells me he's dry"
"Calling out the wrong answer in class"
"Living in Maryland and seeing all these amazing photos from around the world..."
"The Original Planker"
"Not a vagina..."
"Not a vagina... (x-post from funny)"
"How subtly classy of you Hallmark"
"How I feel every time a friend or colleague asks me this question."
"How I feel whenever a friend or colleague asks me this question..."
"his body and blood"
"What I would do with x-ray vision"
"&quot;Say my name!!!&quot;"
"I'm 30  just bought the first new car I've ever owned. Haven't had it 24 hours and someones already doored it."
"Pac-Man IRL"
"Artwork for the Assassin Creed 3 single player DLC: &quot;The Tyranny of King Washington&quot;"
"Fake?"
"OMG DID YOU HEAR ABOUT KARMANAUT?"
"My reaction to all the *priceless* Friendzone posts on reddit."
"How I feel in Arizona with all these 'at light saving' posts (xpost /r/gifs"
"A happy family of 7."
"&quot;How many times has this happened to you...&quot;"
"Jesus Christ will forever be inferior..."
"And Prime for the win!"
"point proven."
"I'm gonna go fap  and by the time I'm back I want this picture on the Front Page."
"Don't worry I got your neck bro!"
"Yes  we are born with it."
"High five!"
"Religion is like a...."
"Religion is like a penis..."
"What are friends for?"
"Duct Tape Cocoon"
"The picture has caused a chain reaction."
"fourth page of Gonewild (sfw)."
"Because Fuck you that's why."
"What Panda Express did to my stomach last night"
"&quot;Move guy  I'm trying to basketball.&quot;"
"There's hope for change."
"$49.99"
"My free time in elementary school. [FIXED]"
"dollar for dollar..."
"Real Life Beavis and Butthead"
"good news! subway now has a new atheist menu item!"
"Self-defense against women."
"Did you answer truthfully  r/gaming?"
"How to Punch and Strike Fast"
"Penguins adrift on an iceberg during a heavy snowstorm in Antarctica (NatGeo)"
"Nananananananana... Nope."
"Plitvice  Croatia"
"What a tweest!"
"Interesting..."
"Pocahontas..Smashing!"
"It's a wild Bunnycat!"
"Global Violence at it's best."
"Calvin and Hobbes?? No  I only read Dalvin and Holly."
"President Obama yelling at a fat kid to eat more cake"
"When I turned on a NES I found at a garage sale"
"Whenever I beat my brother at Super Smash Bros."
"[Foul] Bachelor Vision"
"When my friend leaves to help out his lady friend with &quot;homework&quot;"
"Ghetto Macintosh"
"Someone buy that billboard! QUICKLY!!"
"Smart little guy!"
"don't worry. i got you."
"Sad story..."
"NOT. AMUSED. buncha jerks."
"Old advertisement geared toward skinny women [x-post from r/pics]"
"When I was banned from r/shitredditsays"
"Goddamn Camel Spider!"
"Long live the king"
"Don't Mess With Rabbits!"
"thats enough for today"
"Mystery Solved"
"Can't. Stop. Watching."
"Law of the Wild."
"12 inches!!"
"Quite possibly the most interesting cake decoration I've seen... [NSFW]"
"I think this belongs here. NSFW."
"It all makes sense now..."
"Who did it?!?!?"
"Who did it?"
"Not amused..."
"Glutton for punishment."
"Microsoft Wurd"
"Word."
"Getting a post downvoted when you think everyone will like it"
"Disgusting"
"Funniest image I've seen in a while. Bonus: Sad Henrik"
"Hockey players are assholes"
"Looked up camel spider on Google images and found this"
"Pencil Vs Camera"
"There's a reason cats are good hunters.."
"Nailed it..."
"Meta-Photobomb!"
"cuddle friendly movie theater"
"Smashing indeed!"
"Creativity!"
"Bad hair day??"
"Head towards the light"
"Instagram reality"
"Best rape van ever"
"I can't stop staring into his delicious eyes"
"PIKACHU IRL??"
"It's all about being a safe dancer."
"I'm comin' bro"
"looks like Dr. Heiter is working on another project"
"A day at the office goes from bad to uprising."
"Angry computer is angry"
"When windows update restarts my computer while I'm using it."
"As we know  camping can be intents"
"Now is the winter...."
"Awwwwwwww yeah! Wait what...?"
"Interesting."
"I present to you: the life of the Indian commuter"
"Invisible Wall"
"TELL 'EM BOROMIR SENT YA!"
"Without this little guy  I'm pretty sure I'd still be illiterate..."
"Epic win"
"When i talk to my non-reddit friends about cats"
"I know it's a repost but this lil guy really brightens my day during finals"
"I love passports but ..."
"Passport Baby did it for one reason"
"How I feel  knowing I have to work tomorrow"
"Saw this bag or wrinkles on imgfave. Cutest thing I've seen!"
"Triple Platinum"
"R-money"
"Arthur's Parents learned the hard way..."
"Remember the best toy of 2002 for girls?"
"&quot;Girls search for the golden snitch&quot;"
"America  fuck yeah!"
"America  fuck yeah!"
"Guy spares himself."
"Fenton you idiot"
"Scumbag Jesus  always stealing my heroin"
"The world is full of good guys."
"I see your Darth Vader balloon and raise you an Eddie Murphy Headmobile."
"Likecoholic..."
"My reaction when I came home and saw 3 of my posts made it to the front page"
"Dont you guys just hate when this happens"
"I guess they're well-trained  at least"
"That's what I call a wiener dog [SFW]"
"Family..."
"Im honestly surprised no one has done this yet."
"Stephan Fecked up"
"Bear waves to photographer"
"He has his fathers eyes!"
"Good for you Tyrone  good for you. [FIXED]"
"Just finishing laying down some concrete..."
"Seeing all these &quot;Look at what I just built&quot; pictures.."
"&quot;Elderly Ninja&quot;? Really?!"
"Opposite Day!"
"This is one of the greatest costumes I've seen this year."
"You are to assume the role of a Chinese immigrant in 1870... [PIC]"
"All of my friends are getting cars for graduation"
"For People who can travel around the world to see where a pic was taken on reddit"
"Awwwwwww yeeeeeeee muffin"
"A definite re-post  but my favorite comic of all-time [6]"
"Complicated instructions"
"YouTube comments struck gold again"
"Cats are not great problem solvers"
"Ham overload"
"Bear communication"
"Haven't seen enough huskies lately  so...."
"reddit beefcake photography"
"IRL Clifford"
"HOLY COW. This is a HUGE dog."
"Yum! Pizza! [gif]"
"PIZZA TIME!"
"This Shit Has To Start."
"Japanese people are weird"
"Bananas anyone?"
"I just can't.."
"Thought reddit might like this"
"Actual photo of Heath Ledger and Christian Bale on break during the shooting of &quot;The Dark Knight.&quot;"
"How do I stop my kid from becoming an atheist?"
"Remember: education is dangerous"
"This is one of the most amazing photos I have ever seen"
"How I feel about the new Katy Perry movie"
"How people feel about your child's Halloween costumes"
"Science."
"How I feel when downvoting a moral post"
"how I feel now that I'm single"
"How I feel when I am the first to get down with the stomach flu in the family."
"Ridiculously photogenic young Joseph Stalin"
"Well that's an... interesting pose"
"You only live twice."
"My response when asked by a co worker if I was doing no shave November (OMM)"
"Excuse me sir  do your boots meet regulations?"
"Friend of mine said this to the staff in cafeteria"
"Never thought of it that way..."
"There is something seriously wrong with me."
"Neadertallica"
"Funny bomb"
"that's a damn good question.."
"Tink"
"This sums up how I feel about most things."
"Stupid Animals (now with even moar stupid animals)"
"Fat Problems"
"Kill them."
"KILL THEM"
"Searched for Ron Motherfucking Swanson on Google. Exactly what I was expecting"
"Who do we need to call to make this happen?"
"How to eat yourself"
"Oh  kids shows"
"Teletubbies  WAT R U DOIN"
"First Photograph Ever"
"it's my cake day..."
"Help me even my link/comment karma?"
"How my cat probably sees himself"
"I present to you king cat"
"I fixed the Texas Secdee banner"
"'MERICA! FUCK YEAH!!!"
"Absolute favorite gif on the internet"
"Oh hai..I am here to return this"
"Ohi"
"I have no words for this..."
"Only in Thailand..."
"Tried Nutella for the first time at the age of 38"
"Me after trying to learn computer programming for the past week"
"Yeah  sure  &quot;Unintentional&quot;"
"Shell Shocked Soldier during World War I."
"How gangnam style was made !"
"British artist Joe Hill drew the world's largest and longest 3D anamorphic street painting in the Canary Wharf district of London. AMAZING!!"
"world's largest 3D street art"
"Just the google doodle for today"
"Doesn't anyone else see something wrong with this??"
"Go home  cow  you're drunk!"
"This little guy stole my heart"
"Just a baby ocelot"
"I think the translation is a little off."
"TSE"
"So.. its a dog.. dressed as 2 pirates carrying a treasure chest. Brilliant!"
"This wrecks me every time I see it."
"Easily my favorite picture on the internet."
"Awake mode: Deactivated"
"Best scene of jurassic park!"
"My reaction when i pay for the bill"
"Went out for dinner last night.."
"Pedo bear actually saves the day"
"Work it."
"My favorite gif"
"For all those with lazy cats...I bet you're soooo jealous"
"First rhino problems"
"That thing in the middle ..."
"A rhino's view of the world."
"Just went outside for 5 minutes"
"Firefox has encountered an unexpected problem with windows."
"Unexpected problems [pic]"
"Hello..."
"Hello..."
"Well I wasn't  but since you asked I am going to have some now."
"Hello"
"A car I saw today"
"How every guy in college view incoming freshman girls [FIXED]"
"When I forgot my alarm was set from the week and it goes off during the weekend"
"How I feel when a person that's been on reddit for three days has more karma then me."
"How I feel after not smoking for a week... at a [0]."
"Thought I found a karma treasure chest  got beat to posting it by 2 mins"
"When my comment gets downvoted to oblivion because someone lied in a reply to my comment."
"Taking patriotism to a whole new level."
"The Old and the New"
"Stood on top of this all morning  nothing happened."
"Mont St. Michel"
"Soon..."
"Soon"
"How I feel when I  as a Christian  get an &quot;upvote&quot; on a comment in /r/atheism"
"Google Chrome *IS* for nerds. For the record  I think this feature is great!"
"Thanks for the help  Windows..."
"Am I doing it right?"
"Thanks Google."
"If Beavis was given a lighter"
"Slightly Racist and an avid masturbator  Hats off to this guy"
"No fap November? I'm out"
"My update of No Fap September."
"This guy got lost on his way to the skin bar in Atlantic City  damn Sandy"
"Elevator troll"
"Fun Fact"
"Bill Clinton: Wheeeeeeew!"
"Bill Clinton Gets Super Excited At Obama Campaign Event"
"I have no words for this."
"I'll just leave this here."
"So much awesome"
"Old school burn"
"Flaming on Message-Boards in the 1800s..."
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Melons"
"Teenaged Mutant Watermelons"
"Vincent Van Gogh's Starry Night made with bacon."
"Fifty Shades of........."
"Cheering for Tyson Gay at the 100m sprint competition"
"call me slowpoke but i just heard this used"
"Bridge Over The Hunza River  Pakistan"
"Looks safe enough to me."
"Samwise knows what he wants."
"PO - TAY -TOES!"
"just cute"
"Apple Sues Sandy!"
"After my first (and last) visit to r/spaceclop"
"I'd like to think an innocent child added the balloon"
"Get well soon!"
"I don't think he'll be getting well"
"Giada Doesn't Get It"
"Crazy hand."
"What I do when I see a person I went to high school with."
"The Dark Side Of DeviantArt"
"A shark swimming in someones front yard in Brigantine Beach  NJ"
"A lack of crackers"
"Cat hugging a teddy bear"
"So cute!!"
"I can't wait til winter so i can post this on (FB)."
"So I saw this on Facebook today..."
"Indeed"
"this just popped up on my news feed"
"The Creation of Mario"
"I personally like soccer and I don't think it's gay but..."
"A picture of an excited man with another man jumping on his back"
"Nuclear Explosion"
"Googled 'Manatee' and felt lucky  punk."
"Words to live by"
"First attempt.... Perseid Meteor Shower[2000x1125]"
"I know kung fu."
"eyyy  sexy lady!"
"So they had BYO slurpee cup at 7/11 [FIXED]"
"How I feel when I win a religious debate"
"What always comes to mind whenever I hear this song"
"After taking High School Chemistry three times and finally passing it  this is how I feel on Reddit right now."
"Transistor Act"
"Rule #4: Double Tap"
"THIS is how &quot;twilight&quot; SHOULD have ended."
"thought this belonged here possibly (nsfw)"
"WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY..."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [Fixed]"
"Just San Francisco Giant's pitcher Brian Wilson riding his scooter with a fanny pack and Back to the Future shoes."
"yeah ok."
"there is no need to be upset"
"This gif sums the meaning of life"
"FIXED: &quot;Is this how you make a Gifsound?&quot;"
"OAG.....I made this for you reddit"
"So my friends left me with my ex in a bar last night"
"Wanna know how drunk I got last night?"
"Lets not lie  who else's weekend is exactly like this?"
"A couple of hours after I decided I would try and submit something to reddit"
"liek dis if you cry every tiem [Fixed]"
"Cats do have souls!"
"Lonely cat is lonely"
"He thinks he's people."
"Lobster baby"
"Cast of Arrested Development in Victorian Garb"
"I need a cyberdeck..."
"I will never understand this about villains"
"How I imagine people posting on their cake day."
"To give an idea of how bad Lance fucked up"
"Oh lance"
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"Who thought of this?"
"Sent my co-worker an r/funny link. She sent me this in response. I think she wins."
"i googled &quot;wut&quot; to find &quot;george w brush&quot; but found this instead  i was not disappointed"
"google searched &quot;wut&quot; to find george w brush  didnt find it  but was also not disappointed... (x-post from WTF)"
"How I picture obese people masturbating."
"I don't think I fully understand what's going on here...."
"Party Hard"
"Bike Riding"
"Mini-Bike [gif]"
"Mini-Bike [gif]"
"Mini-Bike"
"I am going to have to try this sometime."
"It's only fair  women."
"What all my submissions lack... *magic*"
"A painful lesson learned"
"How to prevent cheating. level"
"Litlanesfoss  Iceland [990x742]"
"Asshole Monkey"
"Its a monkey"
"Its a monkey"
"monkey VS dog"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"How I expect to feel this week."
"I giggled."
"So I found the most offensive Halloween costume to reddit"
"So I found the most offensive costume to reddit"
"When someone does not say thank you after I hold the door open for them"
"Leaving Work"
"Every time I visit this subreddit..."
"When I come across a thread I like"
"This might be one of the weirdest/creepy body painting I have ever seen"
"Oregon Trail  or My Entire Childhood summed up in one gif."
"Did anyone else build these in Sim City 2000?"
"Magestic Aogashima island"
"At first glance I thought they were all swimming pools."
"Nah.."
"THE. BEST. GTA. EVER."
"Personally I like to be like Usain."
"That moment when you listen to Sesame Street Ernie's &quot;Rubber Ducky Song&quot; and realize the rubber ducky is Bert's dick."
"When my GF says she wants me to take her out dancing."
"When someone says something I've never heard right before a test"
"My reaction every time I hear someone say that evolution is just a &quot;theory&quot;."
"Bert reads 50 shades of Grey"
"Trying to find the keyhole late at night."
"Dat ass"
"How I feel being 27/m and single...[FIXED]"
"Comes a bear in a bar..."
"'Murika!"
"Sleepwalking dog"
"Ay dios mio"
"Tequila kitty wishes you a happy Friday!"
"showing up to school 30 minutes late"
"sin b/ tan b"
"Calculus at its finest."
"Simple Math."
"for math geeks only."
"For the Love of German Beer. And other things."
"When someone asks where a particular person sits in my office building."
"Swan Ronson"
"Doggy With a Short Gun (GIF)"
"Who is the genius who made this?"
"It's out of this world!"
"Real life Lion King"
"Wanna take a ride on the BMW Oracle?"
"Flying Dutchman"
"When I show my friends something on the internet that I think is really funny and they aren't laughing"
"I think this definitely belongs here (from /r/creepy)"
"Just For Your Entertainment"
"Cocaine Toothache Drops Ad - 1885"
"DENIED"
"Still my favorite fucking gif."
"Hey r/gaming  remember this?"
"real noob"
"Dolly zoom"
"They said any song would work with this gif so ..."
"Greatest cat picture ever? Quite possibly."
"Nice pick up line"
"No matter what your game may be  we all had our own problems with this asshole"
"When one of my friends becomes an internet celebrity"
"My reaction to all the posts about steam bundle sales prices"
"Our children will have it very hard some day"
"Seen a post about WW2 art  i raise you a wookie riding a squirrel killing nazis"
"Just Chewbacca riding a giant squirrel while shooting Nazis."
"Regrettable Tattoo - never drink and ink!"
"he's a brave kitten"
"Holy Shit! What does it mean?"
"Life finds a way"
"One of my favorite book series as a kid just came out with another installment after a 12 year hiatus"
"I'd read it."
"I see your black lion  but i like mine better"
"Suck it Romney"
"In London's HMVs Chris Brown's latest album comes with an appropriate warning sticker."
"Not cool  man."
"When I Get Really Excited To Do Something And Then Do It Half-Assed."
"Just going out for a walk"
"Face-swaps are played out. May I present the arm swap?"
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"OH SHIT OH SHIT OH SHIT"
"Found this gem on my Facebook feed."
"Found out it was my cake day while on the toilet"
"Every fight with my boyfriend..."
"Mike's a great guy [gif]"
"ITS FRIDAYYYYYYYYY"
"A metaphor for my life"
"high five"
"A friend of mine did this and posted it on Facebook  made me smile"
"I think we are being deceived!"
"The true purpose of the cross."
"Shitty ad placement"
"Jeebus  grant me the patience to wait until I get home..."
"Jesus  you asshole"
"This says so much about Bible ethics vs. modern day ethics"
"Idk  Jesus..."
"I googled &quot;wut&quot; and found this gem"
"Googled &quot;Dost thou even lift?&quot; and this came up.."
"Dear Jesus.. thank you for this meal..."
"Googled &quot;family saying grace&quot; this showed up."
"Thanks  Jesus  For all this Food"
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Most Americans around Thanksgiving"
"Great Quote"
"Any other cool ways to tie shoelaces?"
"Stop Fighting!"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"What you did there Juicy Juice  They see it."
"Lil Wayne vs. the Mayans"
"Russian politician by day  rock star by night!"
"Moth looks like a Poodle!"
"How do you like your coffee  BITCH?!"
"My reaction when people catch me air drumming in my car at a stop light."
"Only the best &quot;Deal with it&quot; gif (props to /u/Airazz)"
"Riot police hit by molotov thrown by Greek rioters"
"That's it. Enough internet for today."
"What the actual..."
"I can even think of a title for this..."
"Seeing my redditor gf after she gets on the front page."
"My response to all the people in every ignorant FB post ive seen today."
"My reaction when my boss asks me to come in on the weekend"
"These go together so well to me."
"I saw this over in /r/trees  though you all would love to see it. (x-post trees)"
"Oh 4chan."
"this is me when i upvote something"
"Lick-n-stick tattoos"
"Finally getting some &quot;alone time&quot; after a week of spending the holidays with the family"
"Wanted Coke. Felt oddly pressured into choosing this instead."
"my new favorite beverage"
"And my local paper wonders why they're going under..."
"Awesome"
"Meanwhile in Anaheim this morning..."
"Morgan Freeman - titty sprinkles"
"I see your Rowling and raise you a Simmons"
"Everytime i write an essay"
"How I feel after having worked on a paper for hours only to have accomplished nothing"
"Style."
"$2 890 in pennies"
"Where are my fellow Native Americans at?"
"Repost."
"If only pokemon were real."
"The average asian aging process"
"fuck fuck fuck"
"Baby Lion Proud Walk"
"How it feels getting downvoted on your cake day..."
"Cookie Monster slayer"
"Man constructs miniature Burning Man and stands in its middle  claiming it's a friend's skydiving photo  all for that tiny  tiny Karma"
"how to properly throw your girlfriend into the pool"
"Atheism+ has started training soldiers"
"Holey fucking mary joseph and a sonofabitch! Where in the fucking fuck did this cows fucking face go!!!??"
"Catriots of fire"
"That poor  poor glass of milk."
"got milk?"
"What. Just What."
"What can I say..? WTF!"
"Definition of WTF"
"Not sure if repost  but somebody please tell me this is real"
"How to troll a repost bot."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"How I feel when casting my upvote or downvote."
"Painful Photobomb"
"Photobombarded by a bicycle"
"When I hear people arguing over which way the toilet paper goes..."
"How I feel about Redditors who don't like cats opinions of how Redditors who do like cats will react"
"How i feel every time i look at something from /r/WTF..."
"Fuck yeah..."
"Chewbacca dog"
"Chewbacca Dog"
"Forever Alone Level:0"
"Cute couple..."
"Eyeball licking. Yup..."
"How I take advantage of Steam sales."
"How I take advantage of Steam sales"
"How I decide to buy games on Steam"
"Mr. Rogers"
"How.."
"Every time I try to understand an r/science post"
"Me trying to read a client contract at work."
"Reading the Curiosity team AMA"
"Every time I wander over to r/askscience"
"Undecided voters last night"
"The original Transformers"
"Human Genetics"
"And that's how kids are made!"
"I'll be watching you"
"So many things are wrong with this"
"This dude has got an interesting style..."
"Cutie"
"&quot;Omg Facebook is new omg I hate it deleting my profile hmu&quot;"
"What I imagine my cakeday will be like"
"I could watch this for hours!"
"He gives me this look every goddamn time I walk into the house..."
"Whenever I check my &quot;People You May Know&quot; section on facebook."
"Today was my first day at school. This is how I felt."
"The Water Flows Red With Blood"
"So I found this on my Facebook newsfeed.."
"Murder train"
"You'll never know the truth."
"Not a soul in sight"
"how i feel as a redditor lately"
"IT'S JUST LIKE THIS TITLE"
"Starting to feel pressured into changing my answer"
"Taco bell.... also I like it cut it pizza slices too."
"How I feel about all the recent contouring posts"
"Irony"
"Hmmm....."
"He does exist."
"Uncanny Resemblance"
"1/5 people have found soulmates online"
"I would love to be a therapist"
"Infomercials (x-post r/gifs)"
"&quot;Here.&quot; -Joel McHale"
"This makes purple my favorite color"
"Guh!"
"I pity the fool...that phones home."
"My reaction when I ate Nutella for the first time"
"I'm 25 and just had Nutella for the first time..."
"My face watching most movie trailers 3 months before the Oscars."
"Am I ever gonna want to sit on this face?"
"#NationalTextYourExDay"
"Can't Fucking Stand It."
"How I felt at my cousins 14th birthday party."
"Alpha-pig Problems"
"Red"
"Green"
"This is me whenever I try to get into a relationship"
"The Reddit Invasion - Reddit Timeline and Infographics"
"to my fellow 90's companions"
"yep"
"How it feels to be friend zoned and not know it"
"When you just had dinner and someone catches you at the fridge 20 minutes later getting more food and they say: &quot;But you just ate dinner like 20 mi...&quot;"
"How I want to react when my friends tell me about getting laid this weekend.. I didn't"
"Sunset Flower"
"i got a great idea you get naked and i'll set you on fire"
"As a girl  this is how I feel trying to convince my friend to watch a movie with boobs."
"Me my entire final today:"
"How I feel trying to teach my self the Pythagorean Theorem"
"Just started playing StarCraft II..."
"Where Neil Armstrong used to go for a pint."
"astronauts hang out here.."
"Where do astronauts hang out?"
"Well  when you mess with the bull..."
"What the..."
"When I get downvoted for something I think is good."
"How it feels watching people comment on your post"
"Using Hand Sanitizer"
"finally got 2 link karma"
"Just realized I have leftover ribs from last night waiting in the fridge"
"My Google search for &quot;Handsome Nicolas Cage.&quot; Perfection."
"Pretty meaningful  I thought I'd share"
"Keep Calm"
"How I feel when video content is &quot;Not available in your region&quot;"
"At a [6] when the cops rolled up on my hotboxed car last night"
"When my parents cancel a weekend vacation plan last minute to stay home and spend time with me."
"Dog steals a sled."
"'Merica"
"..Wat"
"What the hell Mary? You deserved that"
"Did I do this right?"
"photo of a seal on the coast of WTF"
"Seal"
"Pete Townshend  DVM"
"When Drunk Bears Attack"
"My favorite vertical comic. Simple  yet elegant. (Kanye)"
"Come back soon and be safe  my babies."
"Guide for newfags to follow before posting."
"Oh fuck  oh fuck  oh fuck"
"I know /r/aww loves puppies and kittens  but other animals can be adorable too  right?"
"&quot;Your mouth's bigger than your stomach!&quot;"
"It's shit like this reddit..."
"This is why we have trash cans"
"Nostalgia Trip: Do they still sell/make these?"
"Yep this is me."
"A combination of the two best parts of my childhood"
"One of the Worst Ways to Die!"
"Bubble just before busting"
"WOW...dust storm in Phoenix..."
"Shopping cat"
"What could possibly be cuter than a kitten pushing a younger kitten in a shopping cart?"
"Arnold looking like a little child"
"Go  Go..."
"Another Theory"
"Like a BOSS!!"
"Get Dressed Like a Boss!"
"The day after shaving my balls"
"How NBC must feel about broadcasting the Olympics"
"What"
"What."
"what"
"Behold! The American Way of Frivolous Lawsuits."
"Behold! The American Way of Frivolous Lawsuits."
"Old Lady Gets Laid Out"
"Story of my life"
"The cutest puppy I have ever seen."
"He was serious(FB)"
"Take that grandma ]"
"The first time i upvoted a post."
"Sitting in the middle of campus watching girls pass by in hot yoga pants and short shorts."
"Life...sometimes we are just along for the ride."
"The cool way to go up the escalator"
"How to read a book"
"The best thing about the iPhone 5"
"Upgrading from an NVTouch to an iPhone4"
"Unsubscribing from Gonewild."
"How I feel fooling around with my lady-friend"
"I'd watch this version of the Wizard of Oz"
"The Wizard of Oz - Starring Gary Busey - Imgur"
"This baby is so metal."
"If you insist..."
"*Giggles*"
"oh Gandalf."
"An Honest Mistake"
"Picture of a giraffe fucking a donkey"
"Whenever i am eating with my 7 year old cousin."
"Trying to eat with younger relatives. You've all been there."
"Wonder what the story behind this is"
"Was told this is WTF worthy"
"Public transit on the African continent"
"Obama  Bill and Binders"
"The Original Ronald McDonald  c. 1963"
"Free!"
"In action .."
"A REAL Gem"
"If only I knew this as a child!"
"Rollerblade fail"
"Observe the majestic Derpasaurus in its natural habitat."
"I could watch this forever"
"Whenever I see this i picture the Raptor yelling RAH RAH RAH  and then his fun is destroyed"
"I got Bastion during the Steam Sale  having some problems with controls..."
"Go home mascot  you're drunk..."
"Every time I'm getting a BJ. [SFW]"
"oh sweet jesus yes..."
"Pandemic 2 challenge accepted. How did I do?"
"When I see a successful post go from /r/new to frontpage and not comment on it"
"How I picture two redditors making love"
"like a boss"
"First catch of the day"
"First catch of the day"
"Purricane Sandy"
"Found this when searching for Hurricane Sandy photos. Seems legit."
"Evil laugh"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"How it feels joining the &quot;my reaction&quot; trend on /r/gifs"
"Time to eat"
"What I do When I Get Home"
"What is wrong with people?"
"Hotbox Computer Station aka Fapcave(X-post from /r/wtf)"
"&quot;You die after about 80 of these&quot; An Xpost from r/gifs."
"Kill 'em with kindness  they said"
"how I feel my first post is gonna go"
"Browsing Reddit is Hard Work"
"Dr. House beats that beat up"
"Keylock"
"Nom nom nom..."
"No such thing as &quot;pro-life&quot; only &quot;anti-choice&quot;"
"After getting a $137 speeding ticket  a man brings 137 $1 bills  folded into tiny pigs  to the police... in Dunkin Donuts boxes. Incredible."
"Baby attacks cat. Cat attacks baby."
"The way atheists imagine the Last Supper."
"Someone text this in to the UK's TV showing of the paralympics."
"Nice one  Channel4"
"Britain's Finest"
"Paralympics coverage at it's finest"
"Dog licking an ice-cream"
"Friend's dog licking a popsicle"
"Probably a repost  still makes me laugh every time."
"suddenly a flying sniper appears"
"When I get waved on at an intersection that I got to first:"
"Me whenever someone tells me Macs are better than PCs"
"HIFW a post contains the words &quot;my girlfriend.&quot;"
"Suddenly"
"God hates cats therefore god hates reddit"
"Finding out that a hot girl in a photo has done nudes"
"How I feel when I check the tracking on my newegg order and all my parts are arriving a day early."
"When I found out I can browse Reddit and listen to music at work."
"Finding out the girl you're flirting with is a Redditor"
"I was asleep when reddit was down  this is how I felt"
"Extremely cringe-worthy. (You've been warned.)"
"Got this in a text from my ex today... I haven't spoken to her in two years."
"F**K You! I am an Anteater!"
"Rappers as kids. Is it just me or does Eminem look like a future serial killer?"
"Where does one find these girls?"
"the reddit life"
"Lol So Hard"
"Did someone say carrots?"
"Bunny wants a carrot."
"The main reason that we respond to other peoples' comments"
"how dogs should catch snow [gif]"
"8 Million aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand 1"
"F. But A+ for creativity."
"I N C A T I O N"
"The cat returns"
"Cat suspense"
"I think you'd be in Hufflepuff."
"He tried to sneak a cookie"
"Lil' Wayne"
"This is me at an [8]"
"Dog Jump FAIL!"
"Look a chameleon"
"Falcon punch"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Heck yes it can"
"this made me depressed to live in 'merica"
"Belief in Evolution versus National Wealth"
"Searched swag on google was disapointed"
"This is your brain on drugs."
"What did this????[NSFL]"
"Garbage Disposal"
"Shredded"
"HIFW I think I found a great deal on craigslist but it turns out to be a scam."
"I think the devil does it"
"I DID IT!!!!"
"Warp speed… engage!"
"Every day after work"
"&quot;No worries there  Ralph  I got this!!!&quot; (x/post from r/funny)"
"Well.. i wasn't going to sleep anyway"
"Crawl through the hood."
"Ministry of silly walks by the Beatles"
"How I feel watching memes get abused on Facebook."
"Whenever I see people try to use memes on Facebook"
"Me when I see my Karma going down..."
"MFW my cake-day is almost over and I only now realized it was my cake day"
"My wife asked me if I want to go shopping with her and her sisters on Black Friday"
"It's Friday !"
"They don't look so scary now do they?"
"Salvador Dali walking his anteater - the original &quot;haters gonna hate&quot;"
"hearing my friends talk about the new i phone"
"come at me bro"
"I hate Frisbee"
"This happens to often"
"Sorry  I can't find it"
"Please Try this at home."
"Paradise"
"Urgent message"
"New at McDonald's! As good as it sounds  I think I might have to give it a miss..."
"How to live with a hernia: Swanson style."
"Never Forget 11/16/12"
"Dear People of the World..."
"Atheist Bale"
"Check mate  atheists"
"When the Sarah McLachlan animal cruelty commercial comes on"
"My reaction on getting my first front page link"
"One hour after work on Friday"
"You can be anyone on the Internet."
"Vote for Patrick Star"
"Heyyyy  sexy Joseph!"
"After watching Clint Eastwood the other night."
"Highlights from the RNC."
"This pretty much sums it up."
"Feline Disrespect... From behind."
"To whoever keeps this street free of snow... I'm impressed"
"I can enjoy this scene all day along."
"TIL Bill Clinton used to have a beard."
"This is all Andrew W.K. is famous for."
"White people"
"The end of all hope"
"That explains a lot."
"Oh sbhbibt! Stobobop!"
"derp"
"running basset hound"
"Tim Allen as... Buzz Lightyear"
"When im trying to wake up a friend who slept over because i have to leave for work."
"Wait  what about Luigi?"
"Today was pro-USA demonstration in Benghazi condemning the attacks on the embassy. Sorry for spelling errors."
"Looking for the best Halloween costume of 2012?"
"No matter what  always be yourself."
"A real life Krusty"
"When my witty reply gets more karma than the original comment."
"Sleepy Sloth"
"Someone I can relate to (crosspost from r/funny  tho not so funny after being rejected when rl meeting online friends)"
"My dancing technique."
"TIL chicken heads don't move."
"Chicken just don't care"
"The Maturity Climb"
"Let's be honest  this is what the fundies will really be doing if they find out everything they eat is pro-gay"
"My sister recently got a cornea transplant. Here is a high-res image of the stitches in her eye."
"Saw this on FB today."
"every time I go ice skating..."
"Demotivating toilet posters"
"It's always cold in bathrooms..."
"Sneeze (NSFW)"
"What its like watching a .gif i haven't seen yet on my phone."
"Achoo NSFW"
"Gesund...notsotight."
"That's one way to cool off..."
"GANDALF STYLE"
"For Science!"
"Seems legit"
"Oh Starbucks"
"At Starbucks"
"for my birthday reddit  i give you my favorite gif of all time."
"Just tying my shoe when.."
"This happens every time when someone wakes me up"
"I'd really like to know what was going on when this picture was taken."
"It's a really bad case"
"socially awkward penguin at the zoo"
"Homer shows his concern for Marge"
"There is no place like right here."
"Hey  this looks like my spot!"
"When a co-worker says they have gum"
"I got the toilet paper for you"
"Check it out  nice tattoo huh?"
"What exactly is Romney doing in this photo?"
"nice guitar..."
"Are we on frontpage yet? (tissue cross section of marram grass leaf)"
"Who I imagine complaining about obscure reposts."
"Just saying hello"
"No you are mistaken  I most certainly am not moist."
"I'd Elect HimHer"
"Man gets hit by train"
"Man gets hit by train"
"Well  RNC  when you're right you're right"
"Well  RNC  when you're right you're right"
"I never did this when I was a kid...."
"How I feel after eating fast food for the first time in months."
"Periodic table of British swear words."
"I like this periodic table."
"Oh Youtube..."
"He can drive that tanker"
"I can't stop giggling. [xpost /r/gifsound]"
"Happens All The Time"
"what did I come in here for...? (x-post from r/funny)"
"Whoa dude."
"As far as I'm concerned  this is witchcraft."
"Not a gif. Very Trippy"
"mmmm finally..."
"Hurricane Sandy  meanwhile in the dominican republic"
"The Deadly Kiss of Civilization's Gun"
"I'm not an environmentalist but this represents a whole lot"
"When you walk into the bathroom and all the stalls are open"
"Safety Dance"
"This is definitely my favourite internet comic strip. Dark humour inside."
"Have all my NOPES (NSWF/NSFL/fuck.it.you're.going.to.click.anyway)"
"I can handle th...NEVERMIND"
"mind blown"
"I would love to see him at the Olympics! x)"
"This guy doesn't seem to think that soccer is boring to watch"
"That Feeling When Your Only Friday Class Gets Canceled"
"When I found out that Santorum finally dropped out"
"Whenever I get a good grade in school!"
"fire and water"
"With everything that is going on with Chic-Fil-A  this is really nice to see"
"oh."
"When my mother searches for something using Google..."
"Watching a Subway employee making my sub."
"2012. Armageddeon."
"Two dogs carrying a present"
"Oh  it's just a tiny dog carrying a...wait  what?"
"Derp"
"Everytime I try to use a yoga ball seriously"
"Live  dammit  live!"
"Sometimes I am just too drunk to give a fuck."
"One of the most disturbing images I'll see today..."
"George Lucas on the set of the new live-action Star Wars film"
"George Lucas and his new friends"
"And now we dance"
"It's so dreamy"
"Dun dun dun dun  dun dun dun"
"Chinese is hardcore"
"FLYYYYYYYYYYYY fly away!!"
"People driving into a canal thinking it was a street from the floods in Florida."
"No animal deserves to be treated this way."
"Not even close..."
"not gonna live with fear"
"Hasselhoff makes everything better"
"Its a bird! Its a plane! Oh  wait...."
"What in the fuck"
"I caught and released this fish in downtown Austin TX  someone jogging by asked if I caught that here? I told them no  it was a pet fish I was taking for a swim."
"This is what it feels like to drink a liter of vodka."
"I joined Reddit one year ago today..."
"It's been one year guys"
"After I voted Gary Johnson..."
"After 1 year on Reddit..."
"&quot;Where&quot; magazine doing it all wrong"
"Forever alone"
"The first time making out with a girl"
"The first time making out with a girl"
"My reaction when one of my friends scores with someone I think is hot..."
"When someone asks me if I got Diablo 3 yet"
"my reaction whenever this gif is reposted"
"How I feel when I find my fellow Asians in r/Tall"
"Right before giving an upvote in /r/gonewild"
"Someone made Words With Friends into a boardgame!(FIXED)"
"just some girl and her stunt double."
"The human sexypede [SFW]"
"DON'T MESS WITH THE STATUE!!!"
"I think sometimes news organisations forget how old Greece is"
"Inbox me ASAP if..."
"if cats looked like this  would we eat them too?"
"Whenever a problem arises on Reddit  I can't help but think of this."
"Soon."
"If this isn't rascist. I'm not sure what is."
"Black Monopoly"
"i love this Calvin &amp; Hobbes comic"
"How unfortunate"
"You can't spell amusement without..."
"My reaction when reddit is down"
"How I feel when my posts keep getting downvoted  causing my link karma to drop in seconds."
"How I felt after my calculus exam today..."
"When I tried to go to Reddit at work only to find that the IT people finally blocked it..."
"I see your kitten pictures and raise you a baby ocelot"
"Baby Ocelot!"
"LOOK REDDIT! a baby Ocelot!"
"I think I'll be visiting the health foods store more often now..."
"Drinking Soda..."
"Orca(t) whale"
"One of my favorite pictures to date."
"Magnificent boys"
"Me when looking at every Kate Upton gif."
"My face when Disney bought Star Wars"
"Sesame Street teaches kids to be enablers"
"How I feel after I repost and retitle a gif  that has already been posted numerous times  and get a ton of karma for it."
"Piano fountain. Do want."
"Sums up Reddit nicely..."
"The Internet."
"I was holding wizarding history in my hands!"
"Skateboarding is hard"
"Meanwhile in Vietnam..."
"How I feel about everything on /r/politics"
"The typical mental state of Singed players"
"how I feel on Fridays at 2 o'clock"
"Squirrels in my town are way to domesticated"
"I wish I had context for this"
"Like a darth boss"
"At first I didn't get it"
"What i like to do when Reddit is down"
"McDonald's Chicken Nuggets (Pre-Nugget Phase)"
"Time out"
"My friend's cat went to the vet..."
"Two posts on front page of a tiny subreddit AND went from 15-41 karma."
"Ok then..."
"Facebook funnies"
"This is getting ridiculous."
"Me  after 10 minutes in church!"
".-."
"Birds fly over the Sultan Ahmed Mosque in Istanbul"
"I suspect that the Hulk is an atheist [x-post from r/funny]"
"And we'll just add a little beard over here for effect"
"Vacuum Pizzas"
"Tom Brady doesn't like the Bills"
"Spectacular view..."
"Another day at the office..."
"r/aww's office"
"The moderators of /r/aww"
"Saw the GF naked for the first time."
"Somebody make this into an upvote GIF"
"I'm with my buddy at the mall and he runs into his ex and burns her so hard right to her face"
"IT'S A TRAP!"
"The True Story About 'Boy Meets World'"
"Flag of Canada (xpost from r/pics)"
"Who wants a treat?"
"No matter what I saw in the news there was always a little piece of me that knew he was still alive. (PROOF)"
"When I realized that today was my cakeday..."
"Just found out I passed the last math class I'll ever have to take."
"Carlton"
"iPod problems"
"Scotland gets 'battered' by stormy weather."
"When I win an argument on Facebook"
"Came up on my newsfeed - wtfail/win?"
"Steven Tyler  haha."
"Priorities"
"Alien -_-"
"Please make this into a meme"
"Fuckin' wasps..."
"Gets me every. single. time."
"The great downvote massacre of 9/1 (see comments for link / explanation)"
"I'm a toys&quot;r&quot;us kid"
"Baby Giraffe"
"When Colbert &amp; Stewart go on Vacation"
"Me  when my crush told me that her &quot;boyfriend&quot; is traveling over a thousand miles to meet her for the first time..."
"How I feel during every Steam Sale."
"How I feel when I've already clicked all the links and my day isn't over yet"
"The Doctor's happy day"
"Watching Olympics gymnastics..."
"[Request] Could someone re-size this picture to (1366×768)"
"How I feel being stuck in the friendzone"
"Felix after the jump"
"Real Life Patrick Star"
"It's going to be hot in Baltimore today."
"Just when you thought Baltimore couldn't get any worse."
"Illusions can be fun."
"Optical illusion"
"An Optical Illusion"
"Have you ever been so mad you wanted to kill someone while wearing a weddingdress?"
"The African AK-47 Wedding Is Still My Favorite Picture On The Internet"
"Welcome to Africa."
"This is how my dog poops."
"Isaac cannot bring us down!!! (xpost from r/pics)"
"Poor woman.."
"mexican cat"
"Collapsed shark tank at Kuwait's Science Center. NOPE!"
"The Collapse of a Shark Tank"
"What 99% of my posts to reddit feel like"
"Invisidog"
"I must go  my people need me."
"Oh God this poor child.."
"Infinite cat (xpost from r/Cinemagraphs)"
"How I feel being a Patriots fan in New York"
"Body scans of women at 250 and 120 pounds"
"Instant Panic"
"Not anymore"
"Oh Japan... You got everything"
"Where do babies come from? Let's ask the Japanese..."
"I am your leader"
"Just do it"
"MFW someone tells me I should lose some weight"
"Handsome Josh Romney"
"Look what I can do!"
"Dammit Goat  you're drunk. [gif]"
"How I feel after browsing Reddit for two months [fixed]"
"When people talk about the Titanic..."
"How I feel after just having gotten through airport security with tweezers  8 oz. sunscreen  a razor  and a tennis racquet in my carry-on..."
"he is the best around!"
"My dad sent me this today and said  &quot;this will be you one day. &quot; -_-"
"Spongebob is starting to get really fucked up..."
"Couldn't spell bananas  so he improvised."
"An Amazing Baby Elephant"
"Well Jason  you are not the father"
"Zombie Apocalypse"
"The Red Sands Sea Fort  England [1600x1074]"
"How I feel getting to the front page"
"Troll Football."
"Absolutely Horrified."
"This is what I feel like doing every time someone makes a new  terrible meme."
"After reading the &quot;most heartbreaking thing you've witnessed&quot; thread..."
"When I see a comment I came to leave has already been down voted"
"On a coffee break at work  a fundie says that evolution is just a theory  someone then points out that so is gravity. I was really hoping this would happen"
"My boss caught me catnapping on a sofa  took a picture and sent it to my entire department. This was my reply."
"Trying to convince a room full of iSheep that my Galaxy S3 is vastly superior."
"Pure evil"
"Tomorrows Halloween. I've got all the things now I'm waiting to make this..."
"Nice View"
"Livesaving advice"
"Science flies you to the moon..."
"I don't think a title is even necessary for this badass photo."
"Hope the irony isn't lost on you"
"Infinite Loop"
"This is what I expect to come home to now that my arachnophobia roommate has discovered Reddit."
"I see your Reddit Monopoly  and raise you a Reddit Monopoly repost!"
"Girls this is what you miss out on when you pee sitting down."
"Repost 4367"
"Ohh Colin"
"How I feel after losing 74lb (or 33.5kg or 5st 4lb) "
"White Girl Problems"
"How I feel when someone makes a joke about Aurora"
"Well that should make the presidential election much easier..."
"If you're Gandalf..."
"Nuclear test photographed less than a millisecond after explosion [922x852]"
"All about the approach"
"Morgan Freeman chain of command [pic]"
"Uh oh. Time to change course..."
"Lightning Porn"
"Astronaut Animals"
"Unarguably the best picture on the Internet."
"Matterhorn - Switzerland"
"Feels good  man."
"This angel has a bright future ahead of her."
"Meanwhile  In Slovakia"
"When I get an upvote"
"To those of you who wonder why spider man was not it The Avengers"
"Spidey fail. Wait for it to get going."
"I googled &quot;The most prettiest cat in the world&quot; this was the first result"
"This never ceases to induce fits of laughter. [gif]"
"How I feel on my cakeday trying to compete with Fathers' Day posts"
"If those are watermelons then that persons face is broken"
"Chik-Fil-A"
"How I feel when a repost gets more upvotes than my original"
"The result of most of my posts..."
"Thanks  Obama."
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its best."
"CSI technology"
"I've been advised this is old  but I first saw this today and I can't stop laughing"
"When a girl thinks she's hot  when she's not."
"Clint Eastwood is supporting Mitt Romney for President?"
"10 days  still no Newegg package"
"Watching Clint Eastwood's speech"
"Jason Barnum...Arraigned For Allegedly Shooting Officer At Anchorage Hotel."
"Somebody's grandma being a badass in WW2"
"Have you ever been so fat?"
"this isn't even my final form yet!"
"My all time favourite gif."
"aaaaaaawch....I think i'll just leave this here."
"Skidaddles"
"I don't know if this is a repost but I saw this today and thought of you  Reddit."
"Hi there."
"Daring level: Arctic"
"How I feel about all of the Star Wars/Disney posts..."
"Amazing Street Art (x-post from /r/whoadude)"
"Cool half life 2 wallpaper"
"My reaction when my boss asks me to do something 5 minutes before I'm supposed to leave."
"When a classmate starts talking during a review lecture"
"so. much. anger."
"How I react whenever I see religious people approach me on my university campus"
"Whenever someone says that my argument is stupid."
"I know that they are not real  but they are just as cute as any other animal."
"There are no words to describe this"
"Well into my third lifetime  what should I do next?"
"How they train Astronauts after budget cuts"
"If you want to sleep tonight  do not click this link."
"I don't even.."
"Still my favourite picture"
"does your working station look like this?"
"When I Got My Driver's License..."
"Woah A Cat"
"We all need a son like this."
"At last! A ticket I can support!"
"When someone gives me a lone upvote."
"At the end of the last day of class..."
"HIFW giving people advice on flowers at my part-time job at a florist."
"I went to play golf with my boss."
"Taking one for the team just isn't enough sometimes."
"Valar Dohaeris"
"Thought this belongs here"
"Viral animals as Human"
"Holy mother of god"
"Jimmies"
"Hey guys  look at this painting my girlfriend made!"
"so... is that a yes?"
"How I feel right now at work knowing I'm leaving for Vegas tomorrow"
"How i feel when a girl sends me a text with a ;) in it."
"Lightning lighting up a huge cloud"
"Oh  no! They've finally caught on!"
"A friend had this on Facebook... I guess I'm a goat. That's ok - goats are cool."
"Time for some spring cleaning"
"Oh sweet Jesus that feels good!!"
"Firespinning to Arthut Brown"
"Everybody needs a hug"
"the fuck you say to me?!"
"wolverine style"
"One of us?"
"Whenever I click on your funny post and it has more than 10 words."
"Beachy Head  England"
"When a squid in shorts and sandals gives me the nod at a red light"
"Meeting a Redditor in real life"
"My reaction every time I get an upvote..."
"An iceberg that floated into town"
"Brutal Bloodsport."
"hairless guinea pig"
"Please bitch  I'm the boss"
"Please bitch  I'm the boss"
"everytime the power goes out..."
"Hello Reddit today is my first cake day-I think it's time to party"
"The only college where you can major in redundancy"
"Every time I pass the red light camera."
"With a line like that  i just had to buy it."
"Captain Lou Albano comes back to life to fuck this kid's shit up"
"Way better than a trampoline  I'd say"
"How NOT to change a light bulb."
"Fairy Tales"
"I found this comic amusing"
"Does he Look Like a Bitch?"
"Interesting view."
"Am always doing this"
"Foul!"
"How easy it is to scare my sister."
"Googled sleep  was disappointed"
"That moment when everyone bows their heads to pray and you find out who the other atheists in the room are."
"Some people of /minecraft are insane."
"This guy's mustache."
"Eatler!"
"Hippolas Cage"
"Whatcha Thinkin About?"
"Googled Makes me laugh every time"
"Nom nom nom"
"Oooooh a waffle! Yum yum yum"
"Your discipline is lacking  comrade."
"That one guy"
"It's Magic! [xpost from r/funny]"
"Thought this was in the wrong sub (x-post funny)"
"Handful of otter"
"You got a friend in me."
"30 Dr. Seuss quotes that can change your life!"
"REPOST from /gaming [Perfect Games for Rage Quitters gif]"
"That hippo looks pissed (xpost)"
"..choose wisely"
"The glued slipper prank."
"bear grylls eat your heart out ..."
"So... i typed &quot;floating bacon&quot; in google images...."
"."
"My mate has this as his desktop wallpaper. Aww yea"
"NOPE."
"The dalai lama came to my school"
"How I feel when obviously pretty girls post really flattering pictures of themselves to r/amIugly"
"suspicious"
"Hold on!! Is this Real??0O"
"Tell me I'm not the only one... (Stay safe  East Coast!)"
"You go to 4chan for just a few minutes..."
"Kitteh!!!"
"As a 22 year old  how I felt when I saw a 15 year old win a gold medal"
"How I see my boss and his mother when they argue in the office"
"Level 1 Teamfights"
"You're the best around!!"
"Business. [gif]"
"When my comment gets downvoted to oblivion because someone lied in a reply to my comment."
"Returning to the lab after a 'productive' xmas break ..."
"How I feel downvoting something in /r/new"
"Every time the USA scores a Gold Medal"
"New York during Hurrican Sandy"
"Animated solution to missing square puzzle"
"How it felt coming on reddit today after making the front page last night."
"Me  when my coworker starts telling a gay joke in front of our closet-gay co-worker {FIXED}"
"How I feel being the only sober person at a party"
"I about died laughing."
"overhearing new co-worker reference reddit"
"I've seen this on Reddit a couple of times  but it always amazes me. This is how Giraffes sleep."
"Nyan Cat Auditions"
"Just got home from my last final of my degree  this is now me..."
"Gloom used Acid!"
"Girl gone wild - SFW"
"I was amused seeing him making love to that statue."
"Gertie the Dinosaur (1914)"
"I live in the Northeast  and this is how I feel about this so called Hurricane."
"Pug Seal."
"Sad pug in a seal costume"
"My doctor prescribes this all the time."
"Parenting: You're doing it wrong."
"Reddit missed a great party last night."
"I want this to be carved into my gravestone. &quot;here lies...Suffocated under a pile of upvotes&quot;"
"Reddit's mortal enemy"
"Scumbag Elmo"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Look Like [FIXED]"
"My reaction when I hear someone use me-me in conversation."
"Browsing F7U12 (Or: Another trend appears)"
"I can't be the only one that notices this"
"My first time browsing /r/Christianity. This is the first thing that popped into my head. REPOST"
"My problem with Steam Sales"
"6 months of reddit has changed me."
"Every time I see this guy"
"What I think when I watch porn."
"Reddit Adventures: r/gonewild"
"cat rage"
"Woman! Physically Fit"
"A pick up line that i would totally fall for."
"How I feel upvoting a new post that genuinely made me laugh"
"Accidentally stumbled into /r/spacedicks (SFW)"
"that's fucking mine !"
"Om nom nom"
"Vanilla &amp; Nutmeg XD"
"My little pup making a new friend"
"Just saw this little gem circulating around Facebook"
"Yes  kids sure do love it."
"That's pretty much how I deal with bullies at my school."
"my face when i'm at a friends house and he gets yelled at."
"How to have the best relationship ever? Own one of these."
"Bad ass old dude"
"How I feel about the heat in California."
"Will Smith vs the force"
"I wish more places did this"
"Why do I like this gif so much?!?"
"Everyone's first try at a reddit submission."
"Hyper Cat!"
"Ah  yes. The Ol' Spicy Keychain..."
"How I feel when my girlfriend leaves me alone in Forever 21 to try on clothes"
"I can't stop laughing at this."
"Jewel caterpillar"
"He appeared to be caught!"
"After browsing twoXchromosomes for less than 2 minutes.."
"Me (clearly a bit old for Reddit) every time I inadvertently stumble into a Pokemon-related thread."
"Now that memes are all over Facebook"
"So my friend sent me this picture  thought you guys might enjoy it."
"This guy would like the internet."
"Trick I used in High School a few times  never failed."
"I no longer fear deadlines!"
"Sunrise over a Mountain Waterfall [1920x1080]"
"The beauty of destruction. If this wasn't a test each streak would be a 300kt nuclear warhead."
"Shower Reage"
"CRUSH vs FRIENDS"
"bla"
"bhatia"
"ASFGASDFSDGDGHASDASFFDA"
"I wish i could."
"Kitchen LOL!"
"Today I grant you the ability to defeat your own mind"
"Myself every weekend when I give myself liquid courage to go to clubs"
"What did the five fingers say to the face?"
"Where I live  Christians support gay marriage..."
"When my mom asks me what me and my frients do until 3am every night"
"How I imagine hardcore christians view us"
"Just Studied for Four Hours Straight"
"Have you really thought about how Hulk managed to keep his pants on? Realistically  Hulk would be running around naked  but...."
"COCAINE"
"Reflections of icebergs in the harbor in Ilulissat  Greenland"
"You can see who the redditors are."
"Seems like an easy question to answer..."
"Sad but true (x-post from r/funny)"
"A British protester held at gun point by two troopers. No previous signs of Force."
"Now that's talent!"
"My cat spent too long in r/WTF"
"So  you like making heads with your money?"
"Quite easy actually..."
"The anti Facebook."
"I know that feel  bro."
"Angry wet koala."
"Newspaper ignizzle"
"Who said that?!"
"Whenever I say that Justin Bieber isn't too bad."
"When you fucking forget to post something on your cake day"
"The clear reason why we're on strike. A little childish I know  but if you don't stand for something  you'll fall for anything."
"A different take on a classic game."
"Coolest stage I ever seen!"
"Just taking the kid for a bike ride."
"A knight reaches every spot without repeating [x-post from gifs]"
"The Redditor's Duckface"
"Thanks for the confidence booster trophy case"
"Winner?"
"Muhammad does a self portrait."
"Obama and Biden awkwardly embracing after election results"
"NOPE"
"Big mama Nope and all her disgusting Nope spawn."
"Dancing at a Party"
"This is the song I imagined"
"my girlfriend amazes me with her art [fixed]"
"I love the wave at football matches."
"Justice Bitch!"
"Swedish policing at its finest."
"Coca crab"
"Sometimes You Just Gotta Punch Her In The Vagina [SFW]"
"Bringing back WTF! [NSFW]"
"I think this goes here [NSFW/NSFL]"
"So it seems Ben Franklin from The Office is pretty bad at shaving."
"Seeing my own content reposted on the front page - reposted"
"Seeing something I downvoted in new on the front page a few hours later."
"How I feel when a repost of my content makes it to the front page?"
"Dragon linguistics (x-post from /r/skyrim)"
"Well  I'll be damned."
"I see..."
"Waterfall  Croatia"
"WHERE IS THIS? I WANT to go..."
"spills"
"Owl mid flight"
"Just Danny Trejo holding a dove."
"Danny Trejo and a Dove"
"Simpsons fish? With fingers?"
"Hi  hows it going.."
"No Words Can Describe"
"what should we call this?"
"The internet just doesn't make sense sometimes"
"After a proper turkey stuffing..."
"Good Grief"
"This gets me every time"
"Whisker Brimley"
"Your move  Hollywood!"
"Seems legit"
"Pretty sure this is a repost  but we all need to be reminded from time to time..."
"So we were out fishing..."
"Deal With It"
"My Comp Professor emailed this back when I asked when I was getting my essay back"
"How to troll"
"You're Awesome"
"Context"
"[REQUEST] I'm looking for the exact OPPOSITE of this wallpaper. I think I saw it around here once..."
"When I send an affectionate text to the wrong person..."
"Me when I over think a text I sent to someone I'm interested in and haven't heard back from."
"God has a FLAN for me. [pic]"
"Patrick Bateman loves the sax"
"Karma shot"
"How I feel when my friends are out of town and can't play online with me"
"Three awesome biking gifs"
"as a newly single lady.... this is how i feel"
"Greatest teen role model"
"Philosoraptor on mooning"
"Philosorapter on Bad Words"
"I was never able to look at a cross in the same way again."
"The real Business Cat takes a meeting"
"Probably the funniest Dog Gif i've seen."
"I found out that food solves any dispute"
"Too sour!"
"Aww Shit..."
"Oh Heyyyyyyy"
"Bachelor frog decides to diet"
"i hope she doesnt get a splinter"
"When I was little and someone told me I couldn't eat something cause it was too sour"
"Wise words from Tyler  The Creator"
"How my cake day post went the other day"
"When I realize I have all the same classes as the biggest douche in my school"
"If I can do this once during my teaching career  I'll consider myself a success."
"Still my favorite .gif"
"Chuck Norris Skills"
"Why did I Google &quot;Most fucked up thing ever&quot;? This cannot be unseen. (NSFW/NSFL)"
"Knife to meet you!"
"It was a funny little pun"
"I am unconvinced."
"ALL views on the royal baby"
"No great story starts with a salad  huh?"
"I found reddit's coat"
"Ran into a fellow redditor."
"Life is hard for a Redditor."
"Imma Hoers!"
"Right in the childhood"
"Newly released footage of the iPhone 5 going on sale"
"Oh look  the iPhone 5 is available to buy"
"Tell me I'm not wrong when I say this bird looks like he's plotting something evil."
"Hey Reddit! I'm now officially the only one of my three siblings to graduate from High School!!!"
"when i get my shift covered only 5 minutes before i was supposed to go in"
"Perfect for a rainy Saturday..."
"Emotional Scars"
"I thought you guys might enjoy this."
"When I'm in a bad mood..."
"Translucent Ants"
"Coolest rebel ever"
"If WTF is having a throwback party then I'll bring the stripper (nsfw)"
"After typing random letters after the imgur URL I get... wait  what? [NSFW]"
"We are Gods"
"Night Launch of the Space Shuttle Endeavour"
"Thief!!"
"Thief!! [gif]"
"Thief! [gif]"
"The universe."
"YALL MOTHAFUCKAS NEED JESUS"
"I think my 11 year old sister just had her first period. (NSFW / gore)"
"First time r/spacedicks visit...."
"So yea.... i kept my stopwatch going without me knowing....."
"My friend decided to have his stopwatch on for 1333 hours so it would say this [x-post from funny]"
"There was a post of someone's iPhone stopwatch  here's mine... Beat you by a couple years"
"Actually  I think I win."
"It's been a long time..."
"I see your phone stopwatch and raise you mine"
"I See Your 7106 Hours and Raise You My 13006"
"Looking at bacon hot dogs when this showed up"
"Happy Fourth of July motherfuckers!"
"What the US uniforms should have been (fixed)"
"Go home snail  you are drunk"
"Hey /r/gaming  I spent a little while making a tribute poster to Nintendo. How many faces do you know?"
"Walt &amp; Jesse [1920x1080] [x-post from r/wallpapers]"
"I wonder what his starters are"
"picture of a 747 carrying the Space Shuttle Endeavour taken from the passenger window of a C9 Pathfinder"
"I don't even know what I'm looking at."
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks Thought Process"
"Doesn't work anymore"
"This is the first picture I upvoted  one year ago today."
"Damn Right"
"Wrong neighborhood"
"Wat"
"Story of my life"
"Cardio"
"My Little Pony &quot;Human Centipede&quot; edition."
"PMS"
"QWOP!"
"Cha cha real smoothe"
"Dumblestep"
"Gets funnier every time."
"this is why i love dogs"
"KoolAid Bus"
"Dripping blood table."
"My buddy is about to have a baby and he sent me this heart warming photo."
"Um   NO  Facebook friend   your anatomy is incorrect"
"As a born and raised Floridian  here's my only response to this &quot;roach eating&quot; contest/aftermath."
"Probably my favorite Bioshock picture"
"&quot;ghetto cat&quot; ... [fixed]"
"This is why I'm hot [FB]"
"Time for the annual weigh-in!"
"The Hokey Pokey  as written by William Shakespeare."
"Well  he has a point"
"Which one is the Redditor?"
"2 girls  1 guy .gif. Fuck"
"Someone farted in the elevator!"
"Vending Machine Jackpot"
"Repost"
"I don't always repost..."
"I don't always repost but when I do"
"I don't think its getting better any time soon."
"being drunk on reddit"
"Oh you stupid dog...."
"it has no end"
"I became a superhero last night"
"Saw this on my FB feed...sometimes I love my country!"
"lats play !!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Andrew WK knows the proper way to answer questions on Fox News."
"how i feel during friday afternoon meetings"
"MFW my teacher in elementary school would lecture me about cleaning up my attitude"
"Baby Pig"
"THE SUN and some stars"
"So someone thought this toy was marketable."
"Like A Sir!"
"nope."
"When I know someones online and they don't reply to me."
"A little owl wearing a beanie"
"4Chan makes the sweetest wallpapers...this was my favorite one."
"Knock Knock  who's there? FREEDOM."
"Birthday Skeleton!"
"Who in their right mind would do this to the children...."
"Not all spiders are scary"
"Top o the mornin too ya guvnor"
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE [FIXED]"
"Back to school supplies.. ummmmmm"
"What did she see?!!! O0"
"So today I reinstalled my favorite game of all time. The Elder Scrolls IV... Oblivion"
"When I'm coming back from the bathroom at a restaurant and see my food is coming..."
"I feel that this is WTF appropriate"
"Forever Alone Towel"
"Forever Alone Towel"
"Dads.."
"Me  when a girl says hi."
"I could watch this gif for hours..."
"My number one reason for needing a time machine."
"How I felt about the Scarlett Johansson pics."
"When I see that the $200 textbook is optional."
"My family recently took in a girl who was evicted and had nowhere to live. This is how I felt when she told me she's an Ent  too."
"Just earned one cent on Youtube. This is how I feel."
"How I feel when I find out the girl I'm seeing is on the pill"
"Facebook friend of mine inspected an apartment where the male tenant was recently evicted. This is what she found."
"Pretty much summed it up."
"Browsing /r/gifs while listening to music when suddenly..."
"Can anyone provide some background here?"
"I fink ur freeky and I liek u a lot"
"When I tell everyone at work I'm bringing in donuts."
"Twerk it!"
"Find me a better song that fits with this gif."
"I will never  ever stop loving this .gif"
"My favorite gif from /r/pokemon"
"Cat + My Lap [xpost r/gifs]"
"Sax Gandalf"
"Realizing that this gif fits with PSY - Gangnam Style perfectly"
"Checkmate atheists? (second coming of Christ)"
"the second coming"
"Every time I cum."
"After not fapping for a month"
"To all you swag people"
"Truer words have never been spoken"
"Grab my hand!"
"They said i could be anything... I wanted to be a penguin"
"Meme party! [REPOST found on desktop!]"
"Man hit in head by... dildo.."
"Never let your guard down"
"Come here..."
"Yes  yes."
"What faith looks like"
"one of my favorite pictures on the internet"
"I googled &quot;how to make the front page&quot; I am not disappointed"
"I would never have guessed the numbers are this bad."
"Brady Campaign (formerly Handgun Control Inc.)[484x628] Ad depicting deaths from handguns. Seemed relevant after the tragedy in CT"
"When Looking Through GoneWild"
"This is how I felt while trying on and buying new bras after my recent weight loss"
"What happens when I have a good idea to post and I think it'll get to the front page."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on Stupid Design"
"Perry the Platypus running"
"Upon realizing I've tried to leave reddit by going to reddit..."
"OH NO! The fights out...."
"Hans Zimmer's studio. Where old  meets new."
"This is your captain speaking..."
"&quot;Stop.&quot;"
"Stephen Colbert loves Reddit"
"BIG BEAR"
"Books 4 Life"
"Hawaiian shirt level: Pakistan"
"Gayness and satanism killed off the dinosaurs! (x-post from wtf)"
"What I think of all these &quot;look what I just found randomly&quot; &quot;look who I bumped into randomly&quot; &quot;Look what I randomly saw&quot;"
"People think I have a secret to getting good grades in college. I do. It's called..."
"I just googled &quot;cat&quot;"
"The best option"
"The never-ending struggle"
"This guy should be Reddit's official mascot..."
"Get all the bitches"
"Get The Fuck back You Slutty Chicken"
"Ok pal you're coming with me."
"Rachael Ray's Inspiration"
"I'm on a boat!! [First post here]"
"How the cool kids do it"
"Can't decide between sleeping longer or finding time to eat before class? This guy found the solution."
"So I just saw this guy pop up on my newsfeed..."
"I'm all for piercings but that's just too many..."
"At least they found each other?"
"Some really brilliant ads here.."
"the heroes this planet needs (it means hole btw)"
"The original Redditor"
"Every time I'm playing the original Donkey Kong."
"Gettin' real tired of your shit."
"Got this awful one of Barney Stinson when I paused HIMYM"
"Look at my Gatling gun."
"Bus like a Boss."
"I'm a bus"
"Eatin' some O's."
"That O face"
"WTF ROOTS---definition"
"I replace guns in movie stills with Nintendo Zappers."
"A long weekend you say...."
"Oh Dog..."
"Damn Dog!"
"Imma beat that pussy up."
"Figuratively Speaking. I thought this was pretty easy myself."
"Restroom prank"
"How I feel turning on the AC today in Mississippi (100 F)"
"I couldn't help myself"
"Just crawl it off..."
"Oh hey there big boy..."
"What I think when I see all of the college kids &quot;finals&quot; posts [fixed]"
"The Maltese Tiger"
"This one looks good."
"Chic-chic-e-boom"
"Mambo!"
"My saturday night plans."
"So this is a chair I found on Craigslist.... Wtf?"
"Mind blown"
"Horse Don't Give A Fuck"
"The first all nuclear task group... CVN-65 Enterprise  CGN-9 Long Beach and DLGN-25 Bainbridge  1964.[800x592]"
"This gif always makes me smile"
"Every 'Facebook Gem' Post Ever."
"Get Well Soon! [PIC]"
"Come on baby light my fire!"
"Whenever I get a new winter hat"
"Fantasy Football"
"Creationism is gaining popularity every day.."
"Why is this so cool to me? [Fixed]"
"This guys got it right"
"Every Tweet of his more profound than the last.."
"Starbucks"
"Let's just say he had a woody"
"Future Shamu [gif]"
"Future Sea World Performer [gif]"
"Sweet Cats"
"Romney or Burns"
"Totally inconspicuous."
"What it's really like in North Korea"
"The real photobomb"
"Epic Photo Bomb"
"Suicide or murder?"
"When a fundie thought she won the argument and ended it with &quot;Yolo&quot;"
"Pepseye"
"In response to all these country photos  This is Mars"
"Chinese Broccoli"
"Long Exposure Photobomb"
"Someday..."
"Went look for a different gif. &quot;Browsing r/new.&quot;"
"A clouder of kittens"
"How I view the last day of summer vacation"
"You are insignificant"
"Remember that he/she loves you"
"The first lion in Sweden. (1600th century) The taxidermist was not familiar with lions."
"Impossibru!"
"oooooh damn  this watermelon is a touch on the tart side"
"Squidworld2 (another Sponge Bob + Familiar Faces)"
"As I grow older this image grows truer."
"Happy Birthday Dad !"
"That's why the Henry Hoover is smiling all the time"
"Cute spider. That's right."
"I don't care if it's a spider... Still cute!"
"Parents wondering why I still have an internship after graduation instead of a Jorb"
"How I am when playing sports."
"One of the best car sales ads EVAR!"
"Boys  THIS is how you sell a car."
"I swear... every time I take her to the dog park"
"As a Canadian  how I will feel about the results of the U.S.A election."
"Awesome Baseball Photograph"
"'That looks fun  give me a go!'"
"DirectTV  Viacom  and I"
"I always loved this gif."
"It Was Awful"
"I had fun once."
"Haters......... Gonna Hate"
"When I try to dance to hip-hop"
"im 24 and this is how my dad describes raising us"
"FIRST CAKEDAY!"
"I finished my summer class today...."
"It's Friday mother fuckers"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Green and Pink"
"Hipster Glasses"
"My 1st post made it to the front page?!"
"This one guy at work pulled some triggers and I got fired for nothing  someone took a picture the moment it happened."
"Redditors circa Jan 18th  2012"
"100% birth control [FIXED]"
"Scrolling  scrolling scrolling... HEY!"
"Where does it end? (NSFW)"
"Wow  that's a tall tower... WHAT [NSFW]"
"You gotta lick it."
"If Pong were released in the Apple App Store..."
"Something wicked this way comes"
"Getting home after a long day at work."
"Girlfriend wants to finally jave sex after a year. ( xpost from r/funny)"
"Proof!"
"Cantina Walrus"
"Happy Birthday  you brilliant bastard."
"How I felt after discovering my internet was back up after it was down for a few days"
"Can Reddit help me find out who this jerk is so I can report him to the proper authorities?"
"Dubai from above"
"Dubai [1920 x 1080]"
"I can't believe how amazing Dubai looks."
"Where's your nose?"
"SNAKE'S ON A PLANE"
"I have this guy to thank for a life-long interest in science."
"Rainfall  big picture"
"So I googled &quot;I don't even&quot; and this is what it gave me..."
"I was not expecting that.."
"[4realz] I didn't gain much muscle from this cycle of D-AA and Triazole  but apparently my nuts grew enough to not be contained by some of my briefs. Gif is what I expected people's reactions to be."
"Went to submit a TIL post only to find out someone already learned it before today...."
"When I'm watching Say Yes to the Dress and I hear what her budget is"
"I've played through generations I and IV of Pokemon  today I found out that tapping &quot;A&quot; increases chances of catching pokemon.."
"[FIXED] How I feel EVERY time I make a student loan payment"
"Every payday"
"I don't know about you guys  but this is who I voted for."
"Mind Blown [FIXED]"
"I think this would improve any city."
"did this for a friend i know he will love this"
"Classical Raccoon (Ave Maria)"
"This stare will haunt my dreams."
"Some of the gems my friend has posted on facebook lately...."
"Mercat"
"Just Fuckin' Chillin'"
"A Tiger getting scared by a bird!"
"My reaction after receiving a downvote."
"Fuck this guy"
"Reading all the Kony arguments on Facebook today."
"How I feel watching a Facebook argument full of ignorant  incorrect claims."
"How I feel watching someone dumb get called on in class"
"Take that  Mom!"
"Those aren't socks..."
"Where is this?"
"Armful of kittens"
"Karma Whoring: Am I doing it right?"
"Tom Cruise everybody"
"Ill just lean on this wall here..."
"Leaving work on Friday"
"Anytime I click a link and it doesn't take me to imgur"
"Faroe Islands"
"When I visited r/spaceclop after seeing the post about someone visiting r/spaceclop"
"Fuck Yeah Rush Hour"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars."
"Abandoned Nightclub."
"Cannot. Stand. The. Awwwwwness."
"I must go..."
"This has to be my favorite Jesus statue."
"Because jesus is a retarded monkey"
"50 Shades of lego [NSFW]"
"Everyone does it. NSFW"
"Go home  airport  you're drunk!"
"When you see it..."
"When you see it..."
"Panacea [gif]"
"Thank you to whoever made this picture. Its my wallpaper at work now."
"Kitty Snuggles"
"Sage advice"
"Buffalo"
"Mt. Rainier Sunrise Shadow [3968x2232]"
"Mother of all shadows."
"A reminder of the humbling power of mother nature"
"You dropped something  bro."
"127 Hours in a nutshell"
"Hong Kong Night Skyline"
"My thoughts after doing &quot;no fap September&quot;"
"Weather getting crazy in Iceland"
"Mfw I'm walking through a buffet"
"MLK being a badass"
"[gif] Glory to hypno-toad!"
"you know what to do"
"A friend took this picture in China"
"Baby goats are unbelievably adorable"
"When my brother got in trouble for something I did"
"Of all the ways to celebrate  this has always been my favorite."
"How I feel when I get to a thread and no one has said what I wanted to."
"When my crush likes my comments on facebook. (X-post from /r/foreveralone)"
"Received my Gifts for Teachers and Presents for Pets matches this morning!"
"How I feel when a hot girl transfers to my small school"
"How my papers turn out after 2 hours of attempting to write and reddit"
"He was a well known dicktator."
"Mushroom mash up"
"It's a shovel."
"Dubai  as seen from space satellite"
"Indifferent cat"
"You must enjoy the simple things."
"How I feel in my truck when a small car tailgates me."
"Turning on the computer and have the power supply explode"
"That's one way to quit your job!"
"YOU SHOULD SEE DROWNING AS A GIFT"
"I'm a hairless bear."
"Remove hair from well known animal  result = fictional monster"
"hairless bear"
"I see your shaved bunny and raise you a shaved bear..."
"Skateboarder wins competition for biggest balls... HUGE Mega-ramp drop in."
"A simple misunderstanding"
"Nailed It."
"We're sorry Mr. Buttons  we were unable to save your mother."
"It's like a newborn Ewok!"
"Quite sad kids will no longer  be able to experience this..."
"Courage vs. Insanity"
"Sparring Wolves"
"making out with a girl when you're drunk"
"making out with a girl when you're drunk."
"OM NOM NOM"
"Dandelion[FIXED]"
"How to troll Reddit."
"Looks like I'll actually have to study now..."
"Every college break..."
"12/21/12! 12/21/12! 12/21/12! 12/21/12!"
"Wouldn't this be far more realistic if it was a pile of downvotes?"
"He should of bought a better boat..."
"My face when I entered ThisIsWhyImBroke.com for the first time."
"It's my cake day and I have nothing to post  so here's a picture of a cat."
"I work graveyard shift and all the links are purple halfway through my shift. This is how I look when new stuff starts popping up on the front page."
"So hardcore..."
"Stairs are for losers"
"Kitty firefighter"
"We need more baby hippos!"
"Whales are Large [650x960]"
"Same height party"
"perfect framing!"
"Aww what a great family pictu...wait a minute"
"Cave Explorer [x-post from r/igthft]"
"Little Jimmy starts the day with a bushel of 12 Fucks"
"Cyanide &amp; Happiness"
"&quot;I think I want to have sex. &quot;"
"Jesus is watching."
"Whenever my girlfriend asks which of her friends are the cutest."
"When someone gets caught with a repost"
"When I realize that thing on the wall is a spider."
"Permanent downvote."
"So I heard that cats = upvotes ..."
"Elves"
"Decided to try random imgur today. First pic was neat  second was. well..."
"Be thankful this isn't happening in your hometown."
"Squirtle squirtle"
"When a hot girl shows up at the pool [FIXED]"
"Oh  the humanity!"
"Tail Wag."
"Corgi in a swing."
"Cute corgi having a happy time playing on a swing"
"What do we say to getting robbed? Not today!"
"86th St. Subway station. Water above the platform."
"The shit I see on my newsfeed."
"Breadcat."
"What I wonder every day."
"So  someone posted this on Facebook."
"They will never find us"
"It's a matter of leaf or death"
"Boop!"
"Boink!"
"You see the weirdest things at parks in LA. This guy was bench-pressing this goose for ten minutes."
"Day 1 of Communist America [FB; x-post r/funny]"
"Photobomb"
"Dubstep hands (x-post from /r/GifSound)"
"Hulkyhulk"
"This Hulkin gem got sent to me last night."
"Found this on /r/funny - &quot;what i REALLY want to say when customers ask &quot;how are you?&quot; after i've been standing on my feet for 8 hours dealing with bullshit&quot;"
"Can anyone tell what's written on the poster?"
"This guy must have the best smelling car around."
"Better than any college acceptance letter"
"Every time I try to ride a trend for karma"
"Fear and Loathing in Mos Eisley"
"I'm out"
"Just a couple of guys  doing the dishes"
"It's not gold but I'll take it anyway"
"Taste the rainbow"
"Cleaning my Ferrari (x-post from woahdude)"
"All aboard the S.S. Karma"
"How I feel when I try to fart subtly and it comes out louder than a car crash."
"In the Ukraine protesters mace the police."
"Thom Yorke is an Angry Bird"
"When my code works for the first time all week"
"Warning: Due to overfeeding  some pidgeons can become aggressive."
"Don't feed the pidgeons"
"This GIF always cheers me up"
"Feeding pigeons gone wrong"
"Suddenly...Pigeon"
"Should've saw that coming..."
"Wait for it..."
"I miss this show"
"To those that feel the need to show your &quot;great gem&quot;"
"What did Apple really invent?"
"Nice try Tonto! (GIF)"
"Seriously though.."
"The Gingerbread Man IRL"
"Taking a no-wiper"
"Darker and Edgier World 1-1 of Super Mario Bros."
"World's Most Accurate Pie Chart"
"Yup  that works"
"The path"
"When someone surprises you around a corner."
"An accurate description of how console gamers feel about /r/gaming as of right now."
"Reddit's worst nightmare"
"A dogs Diary compared to a cats"
"I'm a cat..."
"Diary"
"Drunk baby"
"It's been very cold in the room I work lately. I sent this image to the secretary and titled it  &quot;How I feel working in the IQC department.&quot; She promptly ordered not one but two space heaters."
"I knew Link would get one of these."
"I'm going to hell..."
"Happy birthday you magnificent bastard"
"Lyin Tometa"
"When I fart in a crowd  but have eaten well the past few weeks"
"How I react when people say  &quot;Checkmate Atheist!&quot;"
"Found these words of wisdom in a coffee shop...."
"Who needs a resume when you got facts?"
"You're hired"
"Tired of Being Fat &amp; Ugly?"
"Tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Bad advertising."
"Cop kicks handcuffed woman in the head"
"I don't believe in global warm... um."
"If we are going to Repost  mind as well start from the beginning"
"beep beep [x-post /funny]"
"Hot coal x legos"
"Why &quot;;P&quot; creeps me out"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"So much win"
"Found out my girlfriend isn't pregnant."
"I don't even  well it is definitely NSFW."
"It won't hurt I promise. (NSFW)"
"Spiderman is at it again."
"“Why do my dreams smell like Milk Bone and balls?”"
"Good info for potential buyers"
"Apparently houses need to advertise they are not haunted! Stolen from FB"
"Just a normal day at the sorority"
"I give you  people magazines sexiest man of the year."
"Working in IT  this is how I feel by the end of the week after 40 hours of staring at a computer..."
"Longest 3 Count [X-Post from r/squaredcircle]"
"This is how I picture Joe the Cat after ingesting all that catnip."
"Saw my first seahorse at the beach today [FIXED]"
"Pull Harder!"
"Houdini greatest trick!"
"Atheist Magician"
"That's some magic trick..."
"Abracadabra and puff!"
"WTF and Funny at the same time"
"Mortal Combat! [gif]"
"Mortal Combat!"
"om nom nom Fuck Off ! om nom nom"
"How I feel after taking someones OC and submitting it as my own"
"When people try to post original content here.."
"Stop!"
"What I tell myself every time I click on a post in r/TheStopGirl knowing full well what it will be"
"My favorite smile on the internet"
"And now for something completely different!!"
"So... do I call her &quot;feet girl&quot;?"
"Nobody. Nobody at all."
"When I'm sick and my girlfriend is horny"
"Hi  it's ShamWow with Vince! You'll be saying Vince every time you use this head."
"For a few seconds  this place was Armageddon!"
"The moment you realize your teacher said Thursday  not Friday"
"They call him The Cat Master"
"Anarchy"
"Every scary video on Youtube summed up in one gif."
"How I feel when I see people fighting on Facebook"
"Jesus Christ. JESUS CHRIST!1!!!!!!1"
"jump around"
"It only takes four muscles..."
"Dude  Seriously?"
"Mitt Romney and family representing the subreddit"
"Romney at a Campaign Event"
"Damnit son  you had one job!"
"I mean how do you fuck this up? Unless...."
"Some sponsors just don't make sense."
"It always astounds me when I watch the Olympics"
"Whenever I watch car scenes caught on tape"
"What I think every time I see a list of updates waiting to be installed on a friends computer"
"In response to everyone posting pictures of their roadkill"
"sales meeting called off after 45 minute drive  I feel ya Walt."
"Stormfront members  this is for you."
"Look  another Moose in a Tree Post!"
"Oh nothing  just a chimp feeding a baby tiger"
"What is Love?"
"Not sure if..."
"It's finally my Cake Day!"
"Nope!"
"WTF of the year  handsdown."
"Every time I see this gif reposted with a new title"
"MFW my Creationist G/F talks about how it's wrong to breed dogs for specific traits  but doesnt realize thats a form of evolution."
"As a Canadian reading the Chicken-fil-A controversy."
"This was over in r/facepalm. I think it also belongs here..."
"This makes me feel uncomfortable"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"Gets me every time..."
"I'd shit my pants..."
"NO NO NO NO..."
"Tube tube tube"
"I don't understand... (x-post from r/funny)"
"Wut?"
"Trust issues"
"Billboard found on Sunset Blvd in West Hollywood"
"Judge Williams"
"Today I found this gem."
"Every time I try to get to the front page ..."
"How I feel when the high kicks in..."
"Me to my gf during no shave November..."
"Freedom of speech.?"
"Alright  let's see of we can get 4chan in on this."
"Taking a stand against Westboro Baptist Church.(Credit No Hope for Human Race FB page) NSFW"
"I figured this would be the best place to get this some exposure and stir up some shit."
"My friend photoshopped this. The face is another friend when he was younger. Win?"
"George Lucas' newest addition to Star Wars"
"Redditor makes a colossal amount of strawberry jelly  strategically places pears for all that morally wobbly karma."
"American History X"
"Dark Castle"
"Me when I'm called on in class"
"I want to play a game."
"When the phone rings at lunch"
"nope vs. nope"
"Mexican SWAT Team"
"I want someone to do this in London this year"
"My response to my friend complaining I put the toilet paper on the wrong way"
"Was having a great day  and then I realized I missed my first cake day."
"Live Action Star Fox"
"Best game in the world."
"The cure for internet addiction.."
"Rainbows!"
"The terrible terrible truth."
"You wanna go? let's do this."
"Give me your tounge!"
"Give me your tounge!"
"Give me your tounge!"
"I love Parks &amp; Recreation."
"Pearl Shoal Waterfall  China"
"This game seriously needs a Sequel"
"Bring this to PSN already! EA  we know you love money. You could have mine"
"My favorite book growing up."
"Taking in the view"
"Googled for slender man"
"Nathan Fillion's awesome Canada-based costume"
"reddit today"
"This is the coolest building ever."
"Have you ever seen a building designed like this before?"
"NOW tell me you don't like skunks"
"How i Feel about the Police"
"those kids who get overly exited at COD x-post from /r/funny"
"Let me just taste your face"
"what the actual fuck?!"
"I Googled &quot;how to get karma&quot;. Seems legit."
"Time to have &quot;The Talk&quot;"
"As long as the floor was normal.."
"I laughed a little harder than I should've"
"If you start me up... If you start me up  I'll never stop... [gif]"
"Newly made pencils being sharpened at the factory"
"Why is this so entertaining?"
"Clone wars"
"Dude..."
"BABY WILL RAPE YOUR SOUL"
"Touch The Rainbow!!!"
"Touch The Rainbow!!!"
"If you really want to help the children..."
"Doc-Doc-DocDoctorbeat"
"Can someone explain WHY?"
"This is bound to make your day"
"These dudes look cool"
"Free Karma Please!"
"How I used to feel as a kid during Christmas."
"How I feel after being told by multiple people &quot;you're a great guy  you'll find the right girl in time&quot;"
"Pretty sure this belongs here."
"A decent metaphor for the Romney campaign."
"Has happened to me before except not with a family member"
"Somewhere in Africa - A non Gyroscopic pool table."
"When YOLO goes wrong"
"This is my leaf. There are many like it  but this one is mine. (xpost from r/pics)"
"HIFW browsing r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu"
"what your dog do when you're not watching"
"Oh yeah! Keep hiding that ball from me"
"History Channel: Ancient Humans"
"Bad aim"
"Happy 94th birthday  Nelson Mandela!"
"How I feel after taking a shower and have to poop."
"How to cheat at Rugby."
"trump suite"
"bunny pop"
"America's Largest Untapped Oil Reserve."
"These two ended up above/below each other like this on my facebook feed- thought it was suit them well"
"Surprise Closet"
"Supplies."
"Stupid and Unfortunate Children"
"D'oh!"
"&quot;Smile for the ether bunny  kids!&quot;"
"Don't you love learning science?"
"Neat Nature Fact"
"Neat Nature Facts!"
"Forgot the Grill at home .... had to imporvise"
"walking out after finishing my last final"
"First Family Photo"
"Zoidberg Wiggles. He's sexy and he knows it. [x-post from r/GifSound"
"It's Friday."
"Free UPVOTES? NEVER!"
"Yeah  we're all pretty much fucked."
"I sang this to my friend at work...she wasn't too happy with me."
"resourcefulness at its finest"
"Cooking like a boss"
"Bacon Taco"
"Whenever I Try To Throw A Grenade In Battlefield 3."
"Aliens!!!"
"Meet the Angora Rabbit  the epitome of aww."
"Just found out that these little guys exist. They're called Angora Rabbits."
"I see your 'most American picture ever' and give you the most Asian picture ever"
"You're doing it wrong! I think...."
"Reason #3.14: never ever having a reason to need this"
"Home security"
"Diving into Arrested Development for the first time... during my law school finals."
"I was hungover and agreed to go shoe shopping with the wife."
"Every time I walk into a grocery store while starving"
"Do a blanket roll"
"eyebrows DO make a huge difference...(seen on twitter)"
"Eyebrows' a must!"
"Anything that would need 15 identical green ties must be good"
"Baby yelling at a leaf."
"These leaves DO look good enough to eat..."
"All of you are beneath me! I am a god!"
"This popped up in my facebook newsfeed. I don't even..."
"I'm sure she won't ever regret this. [NSFW]"
"Last night I tried typing random words into imgur. Here's FARTS.jpg"
"Dat feel"
"That moment when I see a full jar of nutella"
"I'm 12 and what is this?"
"And now I have a heart."
"Was browsing le Reddit when suddenly this gem appeared."
"Broke out laughing in my lecture when I saw this in r/4chan"
"Whenever I see a fight in the comments of something I've posted [fixed]"
"NOPE"
"Water Goddess"
"Swimming."
"Swimming"
"I see your fabulous football and raise you fabulous swimming."
"Internet  why have you done this to me?"
"It's my reddit birthday and this is my favorite gif of all time."
"This library is SMASHING"
"So  this is a thing..."
"Nietzsche tells atheists to give religious people a break."
"This basically goes for all non-Christians..."
"Iggy Pop"
"Wait...what?"
"Imgur mascot"
"My favorite line from the Office"
"This little guy is a pygmy marmoset."
"The frustrations of art"
"best representation of how hand jobs go for the giver [SFW]"
"Every single night"
"Gonna have nightmares tonight"
"When all else fails  just play classical music."
"&quot;Why do you new a farm?&quot;"
"Classic Zach (x-post from r/funny)"
"Free high fives"
"Those bastards!"
"Oh Jackie..."
"When ever I see &quot;I just realized&quot;  &quot;When I see&quot;  &quot;How I feel when .... &lt;Karma +/-&gt;&quot; posts"
"BIZARRO BEAST TACTICS"
"Surprise!"
"Like rubbing a genie's lantern"
"mmmmm feces"
"Epic cat is epic"
"A cat with a plastic bag"
"Never Forget the most important day in history."
"My desktop wallpaper."
"Yay  slow-mo."
"Can't decide if awesome  or gross... I kinda love it."
"Oh Cat!"
"That's better Mona"
"Wait. What?"
"Silly run."
"Ministry of Silly Walks  Olympic Division"
"QWOP Level: Asian"
"Ambulatory Sequence Mishap"
"When my friends and I try to pile into the same sled and try to make it down the hill."
"Doing the first german-class of the semester  trying to focus and this is all I can think about..."
"and not a single fuck was given that day"
"Damn! Let me take a picture."
"Assassin Numero Uno [gif]"
"Don't look at this for too long..."
"4 Perfectly Round Circles"
"The essentials"
"I request the highest of fives"
"&quot;Easy on  easy off  quick as a flick of her tongue&quot;...wtf outfit"
"Waterfall Eyes"
"Scientists discover vegetarian owl"
"A Leopard attacks a forest department employee  after the man threw a stone toward the leopard in an abandoned construction site in Limbu Village in Siliguri in West Bengal  India."
"A Leopard attacks a forest department employee  after the man threw a stone toward the leopard in an abandoned construction site in Limbu Village in Siliguri in West Bengal  India."
"I choose you!"
"When my most upvoted comment is a FTFY"
"After dying for the 50th time on dayz"
"This shirt has it down."
"Seljalandsfoss Falls  Iceland"
"I googled &quot;done with the internet.&quot;"
"Hubba Hubba"
"WTF did I just read? (NSFW)"
"Saw it and knew this was where it belongs"
"Some take Lunesta  some pop a Benadryl  but nothing works as well as..."
"So I kept watching the video even though it had a high number of dislikes"
"Found this on my News Feed... [FB]"
"So I found this on Facebook. This has gotten way out of hand."
"Well  that escalated quickly (FB)"
"*logs on Facebook* ... *logs out*"
"Such emotional range"
"What makes the Swiss tick?"
"Can we have a serious conversation on how these were supposed to be used?"
"A Tiger with Downs Syndrome (xpost from /r/askscience)"
"I don't think that means what you think it means... (X-post from /r/pics)"
"Oh kitty  how did you get up there"
"Move it on up!"
"I'm transferring to a public high school in the US and my new counselor just recommended I take their bible class"
"So this exists"
"Louis Vuitton Waffle Iron by Andrew Lewicki (http://www.andrewlewicki.com)"
"British English phrases and what they *really* mean - a handy guide for foreigners"
"I don't know man  I just..."
"I'll just never know"
"I don't know man..."
"I'll just leave this here."
"A sausage dog!"
"Sweet baby Jesus  somebody please caption this..."
"Downvoting an entire string of posts in a thread"
"Jewolverine"
"Let me give you a hand"
"Original Scumbag Penguin"
"Intelligent Design"
"You missed your mouth."
"I'm going to spend my Monday wondering what this kid was thinking"
"How I feel about Facebook group chat rooms."
"Walked in on my parents... Be explanation needed"
"Hangin out!"
"And then she said  &quot;orange you glad i didn't say banana&quot;"
"Raccoon stuck on a light pole"
"Thats probably the best way to find out..."
"John Goodman stars in..."
"Deer crash..."
"Derp Dog"
"A picture is worth a thousand words."
"A picture is worth a thousand words. [NSFW]"
"I heard we're doing roots"
"Oh god Lowe's. WHYYY"
"Batman"
"How I feel about midterms this week."
"How I feel seeing all the football is back posts and statuses"
"I just filled out my absentee ballot... after what feels like a solid year of non-stop media circus  this is how I feel about voting in this election."
"Scottish bar stool"
"Can we start over?"
"The advance of man"
"This picture was part of a popular post yesterday. I don't think it's authentic. I mean  it can't be real  can it?"
"How I feel when coworkers turn off office Air Conditioner."
"Pastor saves with suit jacket"
"Full Metal Jacket"
"Trying to kill flies in my girlfriend's room today"
"yeah uh huh you know what it is  walking corgis..."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Completing any task at an [8]"
"KEEP OUT!"
"KEEP OUT"
"I think I'll stay home today"
"First Post: Mom Fixes the Printer"
"Fish Flops"
"I Missed my first Cake Day. This is how I feel."
"I give you  the Rainbow Eucalyptus!"
"Seems legit..."
"Just got a brand new mac book pro."
"Whenever I get downvoted"
"Obama playing the trombone"
"The Ultimate Dog"
"What I think of every time they show Al Roker talking about Sandy"
"How Sheldon survived as a child"
"Chicago Police heard you liked horses..."
"So I heard you like horses..."
"Floating Island Boat TAKE MY MONEY!"
"There can be ONLY ONE!!!"
"Coffee!"
"How Daniel Radcliffe Deals with Paparazzi"
"Where's the baby?"
"Logging Moose is logging"
"Logging like a boss"
"Solution Oriented"
"How r/aww must feel being sandwiched between r/wtf and r/atheism"
"Being a non-native to Southern California  this is how I feel with all these Earthquakes happening."
"Okay then."
"Roots."
"0 fucks were given..."
"You're doing it wr....oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck"
"Thats Me- lol"
"Spidey senses are tingling"
"Where white man went wrong"
"The only Fundies I like."
"Worse than Voldemort."
"The best Grumpy cat picture of all time."
"L.E.D Zepplin"
"I think I found one of the droids that I've been looking for..."
"Great job"
"My reaction to the internet these days."
"when someone says that they don't like my Mario themed ringtone"
"The more you come into contact  the worse it gets...."
"A day in the life of Hunter S. Thompson (x-post /r/drugs)"
"Another scumbag."
"Thats how I feel when someone upvotes my comment or post"
"Whenever I get more then ten upvotes for a submission"
"Stone Forest of Madagascar [1200x794]"
"Oprah  the best .gif ever."
"Oprah is the Queen of the Bees"
"Yesterday was a bad day to be a Canucks fan. But then you see this..."
"Cool starry bra"
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"watch out guys  we got a bad ass over here."
"Racism at its finest (crosspost from /r/pics)"
"One Ron Ton soop please"
"Derivery!"
"My ass is so ghetto!"
"pimp my ride"
"What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare? (SFW)"
"This kid got some moves"
"Me when I found out Torchlight 2 comes out 2 days after i ship out for bootcamp"
"The part where he screams at the skinny girl`s ass in the Gangnam style video is so liberating for some﻿ reason... who never wanted to scream at the top of their lungs at a hot ass? Anything you guys wanted to do that is liberating  but frowed upon by society?"
"How it feels to go a week without masturbating"
"Poke Gangnam Style"
"Reddit version of Paranormal Activity"
"The Dog House Diaries on Winzip"
"Most accurate sculpture of male anatomy"
"Takes thinking with your other head to a whole new level [nsfw?]"
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the olympics. [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Sitting by the fireplace.."
"O.o ..."
"Play it cool"
"Nothing...just sitting here"
"When I argue with my wife..."
"Whenever my teacher gives me work I dont want to do."
"This is the best gif I have ever seen."
"When your parents say no"
"Can't. Stop. Watching."
"The most majestic photo I've seen on Reddit to date."
"Birch Please."
"Consistency"
"Kung Fu Frog [775x910]"
"We need to talk..."
"When you die  do you become closer to god?"
"Closer to god"
"Close to god ?"
"NONONONONONO"
"The essence of Reddit"
"How I feel on friday at 3"
"This is me at the end of every shift"
"brlbrlbrl"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk"
"Dinner with Grandma"
"Not again..."
"No grandma  one hand  like this"
"Hitler ain't happy  he's feelin bad"
"Stay classy  Youtube."
"Welcome to Texas  ladies and gentlemen  where anything is possible."
"How the hell does this happen?"
"Diablo Rojo! [FIXED]"
"Rocker Miguel"
"I thought you'd like this. Breaking Bad fans will."
"Poor Terry"
"Faith In Humanity Restored."
"How I feel whenever I think I post an amazing story and the first comment is one criticizing me..."
"only three more bottles"
"Clams have feelings too"
"Every time I submit a post that I think is funny"
"Never give up"
"&quot;WOMAN! You left a scuff!&quot;"
"Dementor shield"
"Tractor"
"Growing Strawberry"
"Holy shit. Why did I wait so long to play this game?"
"at least he was successful."
"Dragon Falls  Venezuela [880 × 550]"
"Dragon Falls"
"another cat"
"I see what you did there..."
"I see what you did there..."
"This cat sees everything"
"Well  I'm never eating peppers again."
"Another amazing sculpture by Jonty Hurwitz"
"Amazing lightening shot"
"Cat helicopter"
"Smoke Grenades [X-Post from r/military]"
"The Sawyer Glacier in Alaska"
"50 Cent Father"
"Couldn't handle it..."
"This party sucks."
"I can't think of a single good title for this except  WTF. (Guy w/ gauged cheeks)"
"Isn't it too hot to be drinking... um... THAT?"
"A nutritional meal on the bus ride home."
"mmm.. mayonnaise"
"On the public transit system"
"Reddit  what are your favorite upvote/downvote gifs?"
"HIFW I'm in a good mood on Reddit. (Upvote all the things!)"
"Seems to be catching on rather fast"
"Libera me from Downvotes"
"Just found this cool redit alien pic my friend made"
"Searched google for &quot;stuff not on reddit&quot;"
"Cast Away Alternate Ending"
"Silly brain"
"I think Walmart is onto something here..."
"H.R. Giger Cake"
"This guy nailed his roller coaster picture!!!"
"This is one sexy man"
"What kind of sick person would do something like this?"
"When I get a late night text from a girl."
"Obama  Obama. (X-post from /r/gifsound)"
"Best friends forever."
"A bad break down after a break up..."
"Forever alone level 1000."
"True love"
"I ain't playin' YO."
"Charizard  I choose you!"
"When OP turns out to be a liar  and all the upvotes turn to downvotes."
"Walter White...Pokemon Master."
"Louis C.K. explains gay marriage"
"A young Stalin reminds me 'Ridiculously Photogenic Guy'"
"Arsenal FC Manager Arsene Wenger trying to motivate his team..."
"Really? Seriously? Yes! (1 hour earlier)"
"I see your Darth Batman an raise you Iron Batman"
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"Ever seen half a mouse swim for it after a turtle attack? Mother nature is a cruel bitch at times. [NSFL]"
"I watched this far too many times... I just... dont... what? [yeah it's NSFL]"
"DAMN NATURE you scary!"
"Turtlenator (NSFR)"
"Remember Reddit  Valentine's Day is coming soon"
"Walked away from my computer for 5 minutes and come back to this as my background."
"Welsh lady ass fudge"
"Supermarket really do stock everything!"
"NSFW Balls to the balls"
"Boo!"
"When my brother says he doesn't watch porn."
"Gaming and parenting"
"NOOOO!!!!!"
"Freddie Mercury just being awesome with his cat. Happy Birthday Freddie."
"asshole"
"Worth a shot..."
"Candy Machine"
"Meet Claude."
"&quot;hey reddit  check out my 150+ pictures of these things!&quot;"
"GF Said This About Slow Drivers in the Left Lane"
"Growing up with brothers"
"The Models for American Gothic."
"So true"
"&quot;Who likes short shorts?&quot; or &quot;Gawd  you just don't get me son! Leave me alone!&quot;"
"Three guys beat up a pole"
"Mess with one of them  you mess with all of them"
"Morgan Freeman with a cat on his head. Your argument is invalid."
"Oh..it's not food?"
