"Every time I downvote something"
"Troll Cat"
"the balls on this guy [FIXED] (nsfw)"
"Newest pictures from the set of Honey Boo Boo"
"OH OH I CAN DO THI-OHSHIT"
"*Update* Fat Guy 2  Gravity 3"
"After my first death in FTL"
"Self portrait - level expert (taken from engrish.com)"
"Epic self-shot picture!"
"Can we please get this game on PC?"
"favourite brand of rice"
"Gets me everytime"
"Hey Parker."
"Attack!!!"
"An Indian Sikh Nihang (warrior) performs a fire breathing act [990x660] (Not OC)"
"Meanwhile in Russia [NSFW]"
"Meet Cheesus!!"
"I'm a Christian  but I thought you guys would like this"
"Sorry if repost  but it was new to me this morning and I loved it."
"Dialga uses roar of time (animated) (x-post r/pokemon)"
"Penguin's final dive !"
"Oh god... Stomach ache incoming."
"This is your brain on drugs"
"Black baby for sale... I think they a word."
"Cryptic Humour"
"Trippy or migraine-inducing?"
"monster on the train"
"Exodus vs Agony Empire. Wow."
"Whenever someone makes a sarcastic joke."
"Try this move in a fight sometime  tell me how it works out."
"And kids  this is how I met your mother"
"It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon back home."
"Perfect Reaction. - Imgur"
"i dont even..."
"WARNING! You are about to start crying."
"So this showed up on my news feed..."
"That's why I haven't seen this guy for so long..."
"When someone makes a ton of karma by reposting a classic gif with a clever title"
"Can you believe it? Moving Pictures!"
"When you accidently click on a (NSFL)"
"I came in on my girlfriend's mom screaming at her about how she doesn't want me fucking her &quot;little girl.&quot;"
"When I delete my comment that's getting downvoted"
"When I see someone in full diamond"
"Pretty impressive way to kiil yourself NSFL"
"Going out in style"
"Apparently all I had to do was ask nicely. (After having failed about 10 times)"
"A glimpse of the future"
"When my dog eats his shit."
"Whenever someone trys to &quot;correct&quot; a First world problem..."
"When you make an awesome joke on Reddit  and the first person to respond doesn't get it. And downvotes you. To zero."
"Nowadays when I pass by Chick Fil-A"
"Oh Brasil..."
"You came to the wrong neighborhood."
"What I thought when Yahoo offered me advice on Fantasy Football"
"Polite Canadian bear"
"You just got knocked the fuck out  man!"
"If elephants.."
"Elephants."
"I thought the switch from lurking to posting would be easy"
"Still my favorite gif"
"How being down voted feels"
"Quasiparticles is what i meant  thanks iphone..."
"This made my life"
"If you cross the street like this  fuck you(x-post from /r/gifs)"
"bee crash"
"Mid-air bee collision"
"Bad flyer"
"sup guys"
"Just an Ostrich Skiing."
"Get out of my way i am an ostrich"
"It goes with everything! But  of course you already know this."
"Canada! What is this black magic!?"
"April's Fool Trick"
"WHAT THE FUCK AM I READING?"
"Human... stahp."
"Smells like freedom"
"Words...Can not Describe..."
"Fuck this shit."
"My face whenever I read a debate on /r/politics"
"Absolutely stunning graffitty made by MTO"
"How I feel building a site from scratch to launch."
"SHIT SHIT SHIT oh yeah"
"Got U A Prezzie!"
"I have absolutely no idea  so don't ask. [NSFW]"
"Get some Jack!"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Just another derp dog"
"I'm in luck......"
"Half /r/funny"
"As a gay person  this absolutely infuriates me"
"How I Feel Towards Young Women In The Online Dating Community"
"Found this on FB. It makes my brain hurt."
"awesome slowpoke"
"Good cop  get the donut!"
"Searched for happy chicken  wasn't disappointed"
"So  Paula Deen was on my newsfeed today as my friends new cover photo?"
"Dat feeling when pooping in your own toilet"
"Hot friend just uploaded her beach bikini pictures to facebook."
"Damn!"
"Oh... that's a very cute asi- OH GOD WHAT  WTF?"
"Pretty Girl"
"wow. [nsfw]"
"Whenever I see an NSFW link"
"This guy is ballin"
"Right in the childhood"
"My reaction upon seeing /r/stopgirl had been fucked over."
"My favorite gif"
"This may be the fattest mucking funkey I've ever seen..."
"Overly Attached Jesus"
"Overly Attached Jesus"
"Pretty much sums up reddit for me...FIXED"
"Presents Opening Children"
"My husband's friend had nothing better to do after finding this guy in his backyard........So he did this."
"My reaction when I learned that Kristen Stewart is the highest paid actress in Hollywood"
"How I felt when I missed easy karma points just by typing &quot;Tom Cruise&quot; by coming to the circlejerk late"
"[MFW] my buddy told me he was getting back together with his cheating girlfriend."
"Would you like a Jar Jar Binks?"
"Jabba does make a valid point."
"Library"
"Yeah Moses! Not funny!"
"Moses!"
"Thanks  Dad"
"Nice try!"
"How pandas are made"
"Kazaam"
"Watch out for this badass"
"What happens when lightening stikes sand  pretty cool"
"This is what happens when sand gets struck by lightning!"
"Making a fancy cat"
"The two types of cats"
"Rolling Fog"
"Girl with a Pearl Earring: 2012 addition"
"Meanwhile in Russia (check out the &quot;not bad&quot; face on the right)"
"Fuck everything about this."
"wait for it...."
"tall. doin it!"
"You don't f**k with hippos"
"You don't f**k with tiny hippo"
"Ain't no one."
"Ain't No One"
"Ain't nobody!"
"Just a baby hedgehog taking a bath."
"Time for a bubble bath!"
"Insanity wolf IRL?"
"San Diego"
"I'm tired of these motherfuckin' snakes on my motherfuckin' chain!"
"Taking a peek on r/spacedicks"
"My attempt at getting my fat cat to move..."
"childhood=ruined"
"A donor heart beating in a mechanical system which keeps it warm  oxygenated  with nutrient enriched blood pumping through. Fucking Amazing  and Beautiful"
"Not sure where this is  but I want to live there forever."
"Oh Sandy..."
"Pedo-Prodigy"
"And if anyone can tell me where this is from.."
"This kid doesn't give a FUCK"
"Oh how I miss thee..."
"Some people just want to burn and watch the world."
"Haters gonna hate"
"I prefer this version"
"Haters gonna hate."
"TIL sperm whales sleep erect."
"TIL sperm whales sleep erect."
"15 is this many ... (pic)"
"What Iron Man does in his off time"
"shut up  charles"
"Cali's carpool propaganda has gone too far"
"The last picture taken on the world trade center...."
"Deep"
"If only I had a wife and this actually happened."
"Damn brilliant idea"
"Saw this little gem in my local newspaper. . . Reddit  What Do I Say To This??"
"Teach me"
"Dance with me  make me sway"
"Whenever my mom looks at my computer screen to see what I'm looking at."
"Your present condition!"
"Every time I try and get Karma on a day other than my cake day"
"Because Fuck you !"
"I Am Banksy..."
"12 sleeping baby pandas. Nuff said."
"This still makes me laugh every time"
"Donkey Kong IRL"
"My friend just posted this on her Facebook."
"And not a single fuck was given that day."
"Halloween in Russia"
"This is why i love Jim Gaffigan......AND CAKEDAY"
"Design flaw"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"Ta-dah...oh shit!"
"FTFY"
"Gets me everytime"
"Mr. Big is pleased"
"Young Sean Connery"
"Will You Be My Valentine?"
"This is a shot of the Sarychev Volcano Eruption in 2009 from the International Space Station.."
"Kitty vs. Turtle"
"Let's GOOOOO!!!!!"
"Kitten vs Tortoise (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Contradictions in the Bible"
"Bitch"
"reddit.com in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"Laughing is your ticket to hell"
"Microwave proof baby"
"When someone warns me about pulling my flash drive out without properly ejecting first..."
"How it feels to be a conservative on Reddit."
"I would so do this if I were a guy. [.gif]"
"LOL they're so creative..."
"ERMAHGERD JERLER SERNDWERCH"
"This piggy belongs here"
"Because she has such a hard life..."
"The internets is more fun!"
"Our lives on Reddit"
"Am I a terrible person for laughing at this?"
"How I feel when I go on reddit the whole day at work and still get paid"
"What facebook is like when all your friends start having kids."
"Freddie Mercury and cats.. need I saw more (x-post r/oldschoolcool)"
"When someone [FIXES] my post"
"Pick a card  son!"
"Magic!"
"That moment when..."
"lounging"
"Made it to the front page of reddit and have had an account only one day."
"How I felt when I logged in today and realized it's my cake day"
"Accurate pie chart [ PIC ]"
"Kissing a snake..."
"One of my favorite images  showing a few of the coincidental(?) similarities found in biology and cosmology."
"Clicking the wrong link on r/WTF..."
"Logging into online banking and finding I've been overdrafting for the last week"
"Opening my parents closet at Christmas time when I was a kid."
"My reaction to losing 1 of my 3 link karma after a failed post on /r/funny..."
"Gettin down to business...."
"How I comfort my friends [FIXED]"
"These...are not the hammer."
"It's like deja vu!"
"What i think every time i see a repost  well not every time."
"because fuck logic"
"Whoosh."
"Horse Power"
"Wrong reaction  champ"
"Cats! &lt;3"
"It's not my fault I'm lactose and tolerant.."
"Mars Rover’s Newest Panoramic View"
"Mars Rover 'Opportunity' took 817 pics within the 6months of its hibernation  creating an amazing panorama [pic] [HD] (/r/spaceporn)"
"Mars Rover 'Opportunity' took 817 pics within the 6months of its hibernation  creating an amazing panorama [HD] (/r/spaceporn)"
"Magnificent piece of art."
"I think this is my all-time favorite by The Onion"
"Very cute  you are."
"Just got these guys at staples"
"How I feel when people don't listen to me."
"All I could think of last night as Jim Lehrer kept losing control of the debate."
"Blue mountain lake"
"Vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord."
"My problem with University internet"
"Racism"
"How to collect welfare."
"How I feel when I make the front page"
"lemme taste this"
"/r/GoneWild in a nutshell."
"My life during a quantum mechanics final."
"Here  have an upvote."
"Zombie Playground (art by Jason Chan)"
"Delicious"
"Flawless Victory. NSFW"
"Interesting."
"Sounds about right to me!"
"Photoshopped to perfection."
"Not so extreme.... (FIXED)"
"What I looked like when that loud-ass jet flew over downtown."
"Slurp guard - TAKE MY MONEY"
"I'd let this dingo eat my baby.. DAWW"
"Has science gone too far?"
"Pingu listen to music! My new favourite gif."
"Pingu Likes Beatles"
"Deleting something with -1 karma"
"Not sure if repost...(testing)"
"Nymphaeaceae"
"Joss Whedon during a Q&amp;A-session while promoting his movie Serenity"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  the president of the united states..."
"When a girl gets hot after high school  but turns into a bitch"
"My plan for tonight."
"Sometimes Yoda is misleading"
"Guess again little man."
"Troll Dog"
"Live: Cat breaking Felix's record"
"BMX backflip...without the BMX"
"WTF Jesus?"
"The Harvey Dent (Two-face) of the cat world."
"My girlfriend insists this is real. I think it's photoshopped. What does Reddit think?"
"Two-faces cat..."
"My asshole friend didn't let me copy his notes from when I was sick. When I got an A and he got a B on the test."
"Yum!"
"Somebody at my local pub is an evil genius..."
"Good advice¿"
"Cats and Boobs [nsfw]"
"Cats and Boobs [nsfw]"
"Sneaky Pirates..."
"Everytime I see a hot girl"
"This is how I see every &quot;how to draw&quot; book. They don't fucking help."
"How to draw an Owl"
"What snake venom does to blood."
"Breaking the fourth wall"
"Surfin USA"
"me going to bed after a late night out.. [gif]"
"Massage to all the haters on this site."
"Bae caught me slippin."
"Awwwww..wait.."
"She almost had us..."
"My thoughts seeing all these Twinkie memes"
"It never works  just stop trying."
"Seriously"
"Pyro Dredd"
"Only at evolve music festival......"
"I'm sorry  pinata bro"
"This is how we treat Valve and Gabe Newell"
"Dont worry.. its not contagious."
"Today at my final exam realizing I´m about to fail..."
"Still one of my all-time favorites"
"Epic Windows 98 Logon"
"Mighty Morphine Power Ranger"
"Cleaned and rearranged my desk at work this morning  and now..."
"Let's see if a burglar can get into our house now."
"OMG Spongebob!!1"
"My friend just offered me a free ticket to Dark Knight tonight"
"Cue The Curtain"
"Holiday Graffiti"
"Spongebob Squarepants fan dub meeting in tyron's mom's basement Every Wednesday at 7:30PM"
"I knew something about him looked familiar but I couldn't put my finger on it"
"75 bands  one picture ..."
"The Common Scorpion Fly."
"Let's get some real WTF going on [NSFW]"
"Jersey Shore was just cancelled. Faith in humanity: restored"
"I'm just going to sit right he......."
"&quot;I'll just get a liiittle closer...&quot;"
"Not mine  but deserves to be seen"
"New screensaver."
"A story."
"Godspeed You! Cat Emperor"
"the nom nom was a bit too strong"
"That obese lady and the young girl dressed in pink? I fixed the photo  for I could no longer stand it."
"Unexpected..."
"Nyan power: slice"
"In the spirit of Halloween  here's one of my favorite gifs"
"my worst fear when sleeping in the dark."
"Lets all sing the nope song"
"Tattoo spotted at a bar"
"Gets me every time..."
"White people."
"One job. You had one job."
"Unlucky Day"
"TIL Mexico City was build on the ocean."
"Meet 'Big Mo' - the man with biceps as large as a grown man's waist"
"Morgan Freeman in a photobooth"
"&quot;But when will you be back"
"Hollywood"
"Dem toes.."
"A friend on FB thought it would be a good idea to draw eyebrows on her dog"
"Soul mates"
"When I'm bored  I come up with Hallmark Cards."
"Kitty epiphany"
"art + talent = awesomeness"
"There's a difference"
"was surfing on gifbin when suddenly..."
"How I see reddit when my original content goes nowhere but there are 22 reposts on the front page."
"I don't even... what?"
"Religion in a nutshell"
"I Always Look Like An Idiot When Holding Over-sized Underwear With Two Doves Resting On Each Hand  But This Guy.....The Very Definition Of Cool"
"how my mom changes her opinions"
"Via Glade Air Freshener"
"my wife's favourite movie!"
"In God We Trust  or Canada's new Monopoly Money."
"Ferret Oops"
"a real G"
"Right about meow!"
"25 Years of Zelda"
"Was told this belonged here."
"Meet Susan:"
"Found this in r/WTF and thought it belonged here (x-post r/WTF)"
"NCAA officially changed the Penn State mascot"
"Dramatic Chihuahua (xpost from HIFW)"
"Just the tip"
"Fingering"
"Bad Motorcycle accident"
"I'm going to slap the black out of you!"
"om nom nom... wait"
"Batman gives Spiderman a call."
"Literally?"
"Never look a gift horse in the mouth? How about a Leatherback Sea turtloh... MY... GOD!!!"
"Worst. Blowjob. Ever."
"Leap of Faith"
"Mid Lee Sin vs Syndra Matchup"
"In soviet russia  you can the can for 100% more can."
"Spotted at Taco Bell [fixed]"
"Slow traffic to the right  bitch!"
"take that!!!"
"Show some love for these parrots"
"Even the makers of Plague Inc. think half-life 3 is taking too long!"
"Kinda old  but always cracks me up when I see it"
"What the fuck Moses?"
"Don't herd me  no more."
"What is Love?"
"I think she wanted attention too. [Fixed]"
"Mars Curiosity rover is already taking profile picture self shots  it's spreading our culture."
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Canadian Thug"
"Not the Cookies!"
"How I feel when I'm going to work on Mondays"
"The hardest button to button. [NSFW]"
"Back To WTF Roots You Say? NSFW"
"DJ Osama"
"What did he think was going to happen?"
"HEAD SAVE! And a Beaut! (gif)"
"If you don't want to date me..."
"Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Water can be truly marvelous!"
"My favorite Jesus .gif!"
"Whenever I get downvoted for an earnest comment."
"capital sins..."
"Everybody On the Internet Are Sinners..."
"Even robots need love..."
"Dog photoshoped into a pack of wolves."
"Dog photoshopped into a pack of wolves."
"How Facebook notifications on my birthday make me feel..."
"I see what you did there  Youtube users"
"Everytime this meme is reposted...."
"I miss you..."
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom"
"A bunch of Windows XP themed backgrounds (taking requests!)"
"How I feel about people who use religion to oppose gay marriage."
"Me in the bathroom with nothing to read but my moms fashion magazine"
"This gets me everytime"
"How I feel about all of these secret rooms"
"Oh Garrus [fixed]"
"kinky spidey"
"Spent all morning on r/aww.."
"Evolution. Nailed it ?"
"How I felt hearing Bear Grylls answer my question."
"How a redditor reacts when they see a pun thread"
"Metapod has whiskey dick."
"FIGHT ME IRL"
"Getting a little nipply in here."
"Yo dawg  I heard you like eggs..."
"Lieutenant Dan!"
"From Inside Tesla's Laboratory"
"Oh Japan.."
"Some men..."
"Ladies  please..."
"Forgot to tell the girlfriend 'when.'"
"Turbo Teen  how the hell did this now freak me out as a kid?"
"The Sunset Reflected in an Alligator's Eyes"
"How I feel when I get downvoted for trying to help..."
"A closer look at Orion"
"Shining  shimmering  splendid..."
"My exact hang-gliding experience"
"So  I was cleaning up my living room today and..."
"Let us welcome the ambassador"
"I now understand Reddit"
"Who's Karma Is It Anyway?"
"I had sexual relations with your mother last night"
"how i feel using my parents' shower while they're out:"
"T-Rex on a bed. yup"
"You've seen it. You can't unsee it."
"Almost makes it worth it"
"Horsepower"
"Googled &quot;Motorcycle Horsepower&quot;  but accidentally hit enter at &quot;motorcyclehorse&quot;. Got this."
"Do NOT forget the last step."
"The final draft of my paper is complete!"
"One of the greatest photos I've ever seen"
"How I feel uploading to Reddit!"
"Karma on Reddit"
"Metoer"
"Seriously?!"
"Calm down kitty!"
"I didn't know what r/spacedicks was  and this is how I felt when I actually saw it."
"My brothers reaction to r/spacedicks..."
"This guy is having a bad day"
"Dat Ass"
"I'm not drunk  but my car is"
"You mean I could have gotten to the front page with this?! (Another possibility)"
"Cat skillz: Dat jump!"
"Lights out  bitch."
"What it feels like to chew 5 gum"
"Happy 70th Birthday you brilliant bastard"
"Al Capone's suite at Eastern State Penitentiary"
"Submit a query  get trolled."
"wut"
"Kith"
"How I feel about alchemy"
"Every time I talk about wine"
"I finally got Dota 2!"
"everyone at CERN today [fixed]"
"How I feel giving interviews only 2 weeks after being promoted to middle management:"
"Nice try  blue."
"My non-redditor friends just can't compete"
"Team Romney (ex-post from /r/pokemon)"
"It even says so in the Bible."
"And for my next miracle..."
"Leela Roboto"
"“Splashing” (© Shikhei Goh)"
"Sometimes Facebook just makes it too easy..."
"shit's on fire  yo..."
"How dead is Mitt Romney's Campagain?"
"something's fucky"
"Go to Bible camp  they said. It'll be fun  they said."
"What to do after a day of heavy rain in Charleston  SC"
"A rainy day on the market in Charleston  SC"
"the third world has malls with shopping carts and the job of collecting them looks fun as fuck"
"Don't do drugs kid"
"Pugnacity"
"Spongebob's a bit depressed."
"Waiting for the brownies to kick in..."
"Waiting until it's 9AM in US so I can post my funny links"
"What do you mean he scored?"
"Every time I try to post something new instead of funny cats."
"Every E3 Presentation"
"I think a comma would help here."
"Ah...Nature."
"No words can describe"
"Smoochie-Boochies!"
"Love your enemies? I think not....."
"I love you man."
"Excellent cartoon about the Arab street reaction"
"The new Kitty Swiffer"
"cat mop?"
"Guess why I got fired?"
"America. F Yeah."
"I must go! My people are calling"
"Found this on George Takei's wall."
"Where's Wall-E ? ..."
"Robots need love too!"
"Awesome Birthday Card"
"My friend's birthday was last week and this is what her brother gave her..."
"Destroy the Computer!! (pic)"
"Every time I log onto Reddit..."
"Work ninja"
"This is a scientific experiment as well as a repost"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"My cancer surviving atheist friend likes to troll his coworkers and cause serious injuries."
"Using RES and getting and unexpandable link..."
"Bitch I'm Fabulous"
"Black dance."
"Falcon Punch"
"This cub can't even handle me right now"
"Betty White on SNL"
"Not in my backyard"
"Now that's what I call teamwork."
"Googled weirdest thing on the internet  I think this is pretty close."
"Oh internet  you never fail to amaze me..."
"Me at work today after seeing Spiderman midnight showing."
"Gets funnier the longer you stare at it..."
"Soon"
"When you drive by someone who looks like you"
"Heeeeere  boy."
"How to get free Lunch"
"Two benadryl and a zyrtec at the same time."
"Facebook makes me want to whip a bitch sometimes (not sure where to post to)"
"Meme misuse; extreme edition"
"Relationships  eh?"
"Murica"
"Surprise protein in my salad pack"
"Underwater Museum - Cancun  Mexico"
"You come here to me"
"Friend posted this on facebook"
"My lunch this afternoon  Enchiladas"
"If your friend leaves their iphone out"
"Friend left his account open. Instead of being a douche  I give you this."
"Wat?"
"Hyde is secretly the hulk (X-post from /r/That70sshow)"
"Me when i see reposts from 9GAG"
"How romantic..."
"We have enough air for hours  seems legit."
"Ceiling cat"
"My dog  every time I play with my cat."
"How I felt when I missed my cake day yesterday"
"The Black Cat Analogy"
"Sunshine after the rain."
"Ladybug in the morning dew."
"Simple beauty"
"I miss the times when internet was much more simple. Anyone else start right here?"
"The first time i stumbled upon spacedicks."
"The image speaks volumes."
"My germs will cut you!!!"
"Shutdown in 3...2...1"
"I love the design of these stairs and how they incorporate a wheelchair access ramp."
"I really admire the design of these stairs and the novel manner in which they incorporate a wheelchair access ramp"
"Me when I babysit"
"My background"
"How To Kill A Walrus"
"How to kill a walrus"
"How I feel when finding something funny on Reddit."
"How I feel when I see some one with a Reddit bumper sticker..."
"Rashad doesn't get invited to many birthday parties"
"How I feel when the links are blue again after a friend turned them all purple."
"Today is my birthday!! And I just got a sext message."
"When My First Post Breaks 500 Upvotes"
"Silly Girl Spin"
"How to deal with bad asses: Major Corporation Edition"
"As a recent exmuslim  I just want to THANK YOU all. Thanks to all you infidels  I have found a new love..."
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"[Album] Paul Mccartney 1957-2012"
"How I feel about the US election"
"I think these guys are given a bad name. Just look at those innocent  adorable eyes! Isn't he cute?"
"Everytime i post something on Reddit."
"Everyone"
"Pretty sweet for emulators [Fixed]"
"Not sure if this kid's doin' it right."
"The Best Skyfall Poster Positioning?"
"So  this happened"
"Guess What ?! Frienzone is OVER !"
"Searched Google images for the &quot;World's longest neck.&quot; Got about fifteen results of this instead..."
"Honesty is the best policy"
"The girl I have a huge crush on just asked me out to dinner  tonight. This just about sums it up..."
"First I've disappointed my family  now this?! I'm a failure."
"You ain't fresh like I'm fresh."
"19 of 19 people found they had something in their eye after reading the following product review."
"The real best .gif ever"
"Bacon"
"Glow Stones mixed into concrete for a glow in the dark driveway."
"&quot;Jesus is my RELATIONSHIP... not my RELIGION..&quot; How would Reddit respond?"
"Transit of Venus: You're doing it wrong..."
"Spongebob Logic..."
"Tired baby donotwant"
"What the two party political system feels like"
"proof that aliens exist"
"Duuude... wait... is that... Jezus Christ!!!"
"The Bible would have been better off."
"Enough  Michael"
"For my cakeday  I present to you my favorite gif of all time."
"Poor girl looks like Butthead"
"I found this playing Imgur roulette"
"From my webcam - at work after a long weekend....zzzzzz"
"The blackest man I've ever seen"
"Barber Pole"
"Anyone who's taken his or her own picture for a Facebook profile page will know how tricky it is to do what NASA's Curiosity rover just did: It turned one of its 17 cameras around on itself and took a snapshot of its very own &quot;face on Mars.&quot;"
"This kid has class."
"Yes you do"
"Atheists think  and Christians know..."
"When I try an indie title that ends up being awesome."
"My first encounter with an internet meme. Anyone else?"
"Dug up Steve Buscemi's grade school picture"
"DAT ASS!"
"Patience."
"The things I've seen..."
"How I feel on my cake day"
"What it feels like to celebrate your birthday on the internet on a Sunday."
"The other day I finally got my girlfriend to send me a picture of her tits. She's a classy gal  thus only agreed to do so if i sent her a dick pic back. So i did. [SFW]"
"So here's this."
"Whenever I have big news  I model my texts after this"
"Sleigh bells ring  are you listening  In the lane  snow is glistening A beautiful sight  We're happy tonight"
"Thats my candy!"
"College-Level Bingo"
"Please tell me it's fake. [FB]"
"like mother like daughter"
"Obamas new gun control policy"
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip."
"Extreme sour lemon"
"I wish they made these"
"I think we all wish this girl was in our class."
"How many are you cooking for?"
"When a friend's family member dies ..."
"The sad truth"
"I really don't know why I bother..."
"I want to play a game."
"first day on reddit... better prepare myself"
"How I feel whenever I visit r/aww... or the internet in general"
"How it feels being new to reddit"
"When I knock something over  then pretend I didn't."
"Gymnastics  like a boss."
"Accidentally went on /r/spacedicks"
"Abandon thread gif"
"Check yo' self..."
"Whew....had me worried for a second"
"Thought this belonged here (x-post from /r/funny)"
"I dare you not to laugh [10]"
"Slumber Party Antics"
"Slumber Party Antics [gif]"
"Skills"
"This guy stops at nothing"
"Joke Democratic presidential candidate Vermin Supreme glitterbombing anti-gay activist Randall Terry."
"Day Nurse"
"When I see r/atheists responding to Christian propaganda on Facebook."
"Extreme competitive eating"
"Challenge Accepted (gif)"
"Magical sceneries in Kakslauttanen Igloo Village"
"Finnish hotel and igloo resort"
"I guess nature really does provide for everything"
"Racism by Robert Downy Jr"
"Hi5"
"Ohhhhhhh Yeah!!!! [NSFW Story]"
"Is this the real life?"
"Is this the real life?"
"NFLOL"
"Putting his hood on like a boss"
"How I as a 23 year old college freshman trying to pick up the ladies."
"okay  I'll wait."
"David Attenborough on Religious nuts. (x-post) from /r/davidattenborough"
"I think the force has finally left George"
"My friends dog really likes baths"
"Fruitbasket"
"I occasionally find these gems on the internet..."
"TatooineLand"
"When I'm hanging out with Ice T and pouring wine into my baby's eyes"
"This is my first day as a civilian after 10 years in the military. My friend just posted this to my facebook wall."
"water explosion"
"Very shagadelic baby"
"My Nap-o-lantern (Mike Napoli of the Texas Rangers)"
"Wasn't this supposed to be the top post today?"
"Like a Madam"
"amazing wingtip vertices"
"Elevator Cat"
"People of wallmart has reached a new low"
"How I feel trying to do anything at a [7] and above"
"Great thinking Spidey!"
"Another disturbing corn pop comic"
"That's a Smart way to travel"
"Everyone on r/Apple today..."
"I always thought about this."
"Darth Vader's new girlfriend"
"So  how do you like my new girlfriend?"
"My mom took 3 photoshop classes just so she can post things like this on her facebook."
"that should do the trick"
"Fuck You!"
"This is the America I love"
"Another Friday afternoon at work"
"DEM ROCKS"
"She's like the internet.."
"I say it's accurate."
"Shadowland"
"hide yo pugs"
"seriously redtube?"
"OH SHI-"
"Gallium has a melting temperature of about 85 degrees Fahrenheit  which is basically room temperature. If you hold this metal it will begin to melt in your hand."
"Gallium would make a poor substitute for M&amp;M coating"
"How I feel in discussing things in my business classes."
"You guys are going to hate me for this."
"This would make for such a good horror movie"
"Ahahaha BLLLEAAAGH om nom nom"
"Mom or Dad? I can't tell..."
"size doesn't matter"
"How it feels winning an argument on the Internet."
"How I feel when someone asks me for advice at the gym."
"The feeling of getting up-votes"
"Just found this gem... &quot;Is your housemate an atheist?&quot;"
"I noticed something familiar in Ron's office."
"Come at me bro!"
"COME AT ME BRO (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Before I eat my fortune cookies I smash them in the bag."
"Fuck this shit!"
"How I feel as an American visiting France trying to watch Hulu"
"After reading today's chapter"
"This is what I call a passionfruit!"
"Passion fruit plant with a peculiar natural mutation..."
"If Hurricane Sandy were over Europe"
"When you make the perfect gif for the Solstice [xpost from r/funny]"
"ICanHazStripes?"
"your cat is not cooler"
"New &quot;cat grooming&quot; trend?"
"How to successfully troll dating websites"
"Expectations..."
"Don't you work..."
"What Armageddon will Probably Look Like"
"How I Envision US Diplomacy"
"OAG wont become boring until my penis says so. This is why...."
"After seeing the first GIF  the people have spoken. This is all they really wanted to see..."
"I'm a turtle!"
"I'm a turtle!"
"I'm a turtle!"
"How I feel as an Arab on 9/11"
"Tree Camping"
"Spotted this at Barnes &amp; Noble today. Didn't realize I was in the Forever Alone section."
"Either buy a vacuum or start a new hobby."
"Proof of that cats don't give any fuck"
"Priest Point  Washington"
"Another Beautiful day in the NW. (Mt Rainier)"
"Before and after"
"I give you: Vladimir Putin making balloon animals."
"10/10 would bang"
"When I eat some good pizza"
"DragonGroove"
"ehhhhhhh sexy lady"
"&quot;RL cake day!!!&quot;"
"Every time I read &quot;This is a picture of my friend...&quot;"
"If women always wore what men told them to..."
"I should have thought of this sooner"
"I got called off work today..."
"a friend's dog  drinking coffee"
"First Post Woohoo!"
"I completely agree"
"McShaker Fries: Gangnam Style Edition"
"The infamous high jump"
"gangnam style coffee?"
"How I picture Reddit over the last day"
"Bitch got skills"
"Saw this yesterday  I was instantly enraged. You?"
"I'm scared"
"Hello?"
"What a national tragedy looks like after 70 years"
"Take the tight rope"
"I see your Leatherback Turtle  and raise you my Cookie Cutter Shark"
"Still the best yahoo answer to exist"
"Say what you will about silly youth-pandering religious propaganda  I still want this on a t-shirt."
"Horse on a quest to eliminate humanity."
"I am Skeleton Jelly!"
"A quote from Breaking Bad"
"Internet activism  you're doing it wrong."
"I just realized it's my cake day!"
"This happens to me way too often..."
"I wouldn't mind watching a movie based on this commercial."
"The universe remains in balance."
"Camping: You're doing it right."
"rule #1 - everyone must go to the bathroom before getting tucked in"
"I come to you today with some of my favourite amusing images from the internet. Enjoy!"
"My life motto!"
"Hammering in the final nail in the coffin"
"I don't see many Ice Giants around."
"Oh  Fieldrunners.."
"Solar eclipse on Mars"
"Just a pat on the back"
"Beware of this terrifying monstrosity!"
"How I feel most weekdays."
"JUST CLEANIN' THE DESK! [4:15]"
"after being on my pc for hours when suddenly a fly lands on my arm"
"A glorious day for the Mexican space program."
"Tough times in Israel"
"Tough times in Israel"
"How I feel when I down vote a new submission."
"Asshole Panda"
"Moved into our new house  looks like the last tenants forgot their embodiment of pure evil in the freezer."
"This guy must really love his tortoise"
"Most accurate mirror ever...."
"When I try to make new friends"
"Just another day in the life of Teddy Roosevelt.."
"Well hello ther- OH MY GOD"
"The day he stopped giving a fuck."
"Tickle tickle.... OH GOD NO!"
"Meatloaf anyone?"
"Bacon wrapped baby. Mmmmm...."
"The thumbnail does not do it justice..."
"The God of Reddit"
"Suddenly  Jesus"
"Asked mom to buy a few popsicles......"
"Fuck alcohol  my friend has his priorities straight"
"I can't get you out of my head"
"When somebody tells me it's my cake day right before i go to bed."
"When somebody tells me it's my cake day right before i go to bed."
"Sneaky thieving bears! He's got that &quot;busted&quot; look  priceless!"
"I was trying to look something up and found this. Army men at work."
"MISSIN' FEESH"
"Imma Cry Mane"
"I said I don't like people sitting next to me on the train"
"Meanwhile in Sydney..."
"Found this on Facebook."
"Die juice die!"
"When I hear a brilliant comeback in class"
"Slender explained"
"This is One Uncut Sheet of Paper"
"Chris Brown's Halloween costume... because people just don't hate him enough yet?!"
"My stomach! It hurts!"
"This is his reaction to the cold stethescope. HOLY F'IN CUTE."
"Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth (now in 3D!)"
"Happy birthday to this wonderful man."
"Head in the Clouds [gif]"
"Two handed texting at 70 MPH"
"Spoiler Alert"
"I kinda want to live there...Kinda..."
"Don't be a racist  be like mario!"
"Don't be a racist  be like mario!"
"Who is this guy  an why have I not heard of his genius?"
"I'm a security guard at Safeway. Someone just shit in a frozen dinner and put it back on the shelf."
"Oh  I get it. The picture on the box is what it looked like the first time it was eaten."
"5 minutes after talking with my ultra-christian  conservative grandfather"
"When I'm sleeping over at a friends place and their parents start fighting during dinner"
"few things are as cute as this creature"
"Bert and Ernie  in the flesh (warning  may ruin your childhood)"
"Where you should pee [flowchart]"
"Praying Mantis"
"Roller coasters..."
"I am an atheist..."
"A good driver expects the unexpected. You're driving on a clear road then..."
"Come on in"
"Magic"
"He didn't choose the knitting game  the knitting game chose him"
"Trying to sneak in at 2 am after a long night of partying."
"How I play stealth sections in videogames (X/post from r/funny)"
"Target of Opportunity [gif]"
"Beginning work at 5pm central standard time on Sept 12th."
"Today is not my cake day and..."
"When someone says their car is faster than mine."
"Can someone explain how this happened? It's blowing my mind! (re: Japan earthquake)"
"Eyebrows"
"Mr. Lisa"
"what is this??"
"My milkshakes..."
"Every morning gets started with the same routine."
"Getting up for the first day of class."
"stuffed animal snuggle"
"He's mine~"
"Temptation"
"found this comic and wondered if r/atheism had seen it"
"Voters who classify themselves as 'pro-cat' were not amused."
"I have been waiting for this sequel for 11 years. Its finally confirmed"
"Just making a list of things to do before a flight when this came up..."
"Looking down while mountain climbing"
"art reproduction at its best"
"Went to a local Hooters and checked for Wi-Fi... It went away after a couple seconds and never appeared again"
"My sister's wifi name"
"Attention Hipsters"
"This will happen if you leave your room for a month unattended."
"No! Hell No! NOPE NOPE!"
"Where is the flame-thrower when you need it?"
"The very definition of Nope."
"No post on Sundays."
"So full of WIN..."
"Mesmerising sparks"
"I believe this works."
"My asshole after eating taco bell."
"This guy is why i don't find slender all that terrifying."
"unfortunate time to get arrested"
"My dad is little weird"
"We always ask where's Waldo but we never ask..."
"How this movie was made in the first place  lots and lots of..."
"COCAINE"
"So all of a sudden I'm passing a ginger on a unicycle..."
"Kid Masters the Unicycle"
"Accurate."
"Boom!"
"Naked Bitch in Bathtub"
"The awkward moment when you realise that you grew up to be Squidward..."
"Still better at dancing than me"
"They see me rollin..."
"Rainy day. Dream away."
"What I think when people get tons of karma on their first post..."
"Noticed it was my cakeday so I can express how I really feel about Reddit right now."
"Internet disconnected...."
"How I feel when I wait until the last minute to start my AP summer assignments..."
"Long live the king"
"I am the brain"
"Hey /r/ gaming I just made a forum and I'm hoping you guys can join it because I love computer science and such things this picture is unrelated but the forum is protechforums.proboards.com you can also post things about games and consoles etc."
"We want the truth!"
"Iron Man 3"
"I saw someone on /b/ posted a better and funnier version of this. Does anyone else here have it? If so can I have it too?"
"One rim to rule them all [x-post /r/bicycling]"
"54-46 Was My Number"
"This bears repeating"
"Gay Marriage"
"Whenever I'm in an argument on reddit."
"Also  the bridge is out ahead"
"It's hard being a guy."
"They really do"
"Do I want to update my phone with iOS6?"
"Scoreboard  since 2000. Team Israel: No Restrictions."
"Whenever I hear someone chewing with their mouth open."
"keep it in the family."
"it's shit like this christians (xpost from /r/wtf)"
"What a doll."
"40th image that came up after doing an image search for bacon."
"End of Autumn... [FIXED]"
"Ohh Carl..."
"Hey  Carl..."
"I think this sums it up"
"How the Dalai Lama passes on knowledge to us mortals (x-post)"
"The Dahlia Lama [gif]"
"In case of emergency..."
"She always does this when I shower"
"Do I look like a lion?"
"Shaved llama...[x-post from r/aww]"
"Just another boring Wednesday"
"Fapping after a family vacation"
"O Hai ku"
"Another victim claimed [xpost from r/trees]"
"The Internet has officially ruined me. My son was playing with one of his toy tractor trailers and Lincoln Logs. He announced that he &quot;had a big load coming in.&quot; This immediately popped in to my head."
"As no fap february comes to an end  this is what most of us will look like tomorrow. [FIXED]"
"We can all dream."
"Outraged citizens of Kakariko Village demand Link replace the pots they hid their hearts in."
"Do a little dance..."
"Never leave a kid alone with a laptop."
"These things are getting a little out of hand. [Fb]"
"Rap[Fixed][Fixed]"
"Good Ol' Blue Eyes"
"Steven Seagal when he's not acting."
"I googled &quot;best picture on the internet&quot; - this was the first result."
"My friend left himself logged in on my computer. He's been having a few tough months. Show him some love please?"
"I Googled &quot;Greatest picture on the internet&quot;"
"Googled &quot;Best picture on the internet&quot; and this is the first image that I got...I think it's spot on."
"googled best picture on the internet  this was the first result"
"I know."
"My NOPE reaction to r/spacedicks"
"Sometimes there is no title that can describe a photo"
"How I feel when I think of a great comment after a post has already blown up."
"Elephant to the rescue"
"Stahp"
"World's Coolest Backyard"
"Follow the 'moving' dot. Then stare at the cross in the middle. (Incredible optical illusion)."
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this."
"It's stats like this that make me lose faith in humanity."
"If you talk on the phone like this in public  fuck you. (fixed)"
"The Duck Ruins Everything [Semi-NSFW]"
"After 5 days of getting back together with my ex."
"Guild Wars 2 and Dark Souls come out within a week of each other"
"Would you do this?"
"Gentlemen  we can rebuild her. We have the technology"
"My expectations on my first cake day [x-post from r/funny]"
"This looks real safe"
"So this fat man is loving it"
"Nostalgia."
"I don't even..."
"I knew I liked Abe Lincoln for some reason..."
"Celebrate the 4th of July with some of your favorite American icons!"
"'Murika"
"Don't fuck around with Rudolph."
"not sure if this is a repost or not  but it made me chuckle"
"Used to..."
"Panda nursery"
"Microscopic shot of Anons penis"
"Microscopic shot of a hummingbird's tongue"
"That fucking smile.."
"While reading a review for a Sexual Offender Locator app:"
"Romney condoms....."
"P.E.A. Meetings"
"Happens to the best of us..."
"Every scene in Insidious."
"I imagine this is what Napoleon looked like"
"Ready to conquer the world"
"Gabe Newell [NSFW]"
"My Mother's only reaction to this was &quot;But that's a toboggan... it's not even a blankie!&quot;"
"He didn't want any money in return..."
"HIFW I quadruple my link karma with one post"
"Loading your Skyrim save after not playing for a month"
"Only 12 hours of sleep later.."
"Being European on Reddit today"
"I think I missed something..."
"The Spiders in Sindh  Pakistan had to get creative to survive the massive floods in 2010."
"This looks easy enough."
"I'd much rather see this on ESPN than Pro Bass Fishing"
"NPH that is all......."
"My local discount/liquidation store has never been a class act  but this is sketchy even by their standards."
"Karma Machine [StopMotionGIF]"
"I think ill take the stairs from now on."
"Going through r/new when the Americans are asleep"
"I'm ready for the all Black Ops II posts"
"I don't like you any more"
"Watching &quot;How It's Made&quot; on youtube when..."
"Scumbag Tap"
"That's just too F'n bad!"
"I work out."
"Fuck you I'm a spider"
"No Bones Dance"
"Fucking Magic"
"mcdonalds - worth your first born"
"Atheist drive-through"
"The Weather Channel has decided it will name winterstorms. Look at what it will name if we in the USA get to G."
"The Weather Channel has decided it will name winter storms. Look at what it will name if we in the USA gets to K and Q."
"Pull not push."
"Fingertips"
"why i don't have a girlfriend"
"I had the terrible idea of eating this on top of my keyboard"
"White House Operation Geronimo photo - what we were all thinking..."
"He helped with that?"
"Portal Christmas tree?"
"Lost for words"
"She's got better things to do."
"Which one of you is this?"
"the BEST cat in the WORLD"
"The Great War"
"You cannot defeat this weapon."
"Look at me  Hector."
"Effectiveness of fighting cancer (chart) [FIXED]"
"Its a dog! *ziiip* Nope  its a cat."
"I'm just gonna put this here and never come back...."
"How I feel when I see a heartbreaking post on reddit."
"If youre Jesus"
"Don't steal purses in Japan"
"Bowling. Like a boss."
"I tried to use my Lowes gift card today to buy a gift card at Lowes. Apparently I'm not allowed to do that."
"I read in the news today that a driver caused and accident in Britain by driving on the wrong side of the road. This is the first thing I thought of..."
"This is pretty definitive I guess we were wrong."
"Brace your self."
"How I feel about the Steam Summer Sale"
"So I don't care for the holidays and my gf told me this is me!"
"Perfect Timing (FIX)"
"Throwing your own poo  not a good look."
"Anti-drug advert in Ireland"
"Wise Words..."
"Solid advice"
"According to this PSA  Belfast has a unique set of problems..."
"I wonder how many women would do this if they were given a penis..."
"A bus driver with a sense of humour? Rail replacement bus service in Glasgow."
"Tastes like chicken..."
"Simply wtf"
"Logging onto Reddit to find that you have more karma than yesterday"
"I didn't think it would happen  but after hours of studying for the GRE  filling out applications  and sucking up to professors... I found out I've been accepted into a PhD program!"
"This is how I feel when someone quotes something from a TV show/movie that I know of"
"When I get more than the automatic upvote"
"They couldn't find any"
"I can never understand Japanese trends"
"curtains in the wind"
"Fuck sake 4chan  WTF."
"You could fry 'em to be fair."
"Tried explaining what a troll was to a nonredditor  searched it on google and found this guy"
"That 70s Theory."
"When I post a joke only few get and it gets promptly sent to downvote hell and I'm too proud of it to delete it. It's nice and toasty down here ^-^"
"Yolo? James Bond is not impressed"
"Flood"
"Yes master..."
"Keepin' it classy in the cheese aisle (xpost r/funny)"
"As a child  this was the scariest thing I had ever seen"
"Close one"
"I zoned out to this and watched it for about 2 minutes straight at work."
"Who's your daddy?"
"Donald Duck rage [FIXED]"
"Not every day you see something like this."
"The expression says it all"
"Ready!"
"Would you shit here?"
"Sorry oGsMC  you're not the OG BossToss"
"I saved this guy from the gravitational pull of a black hole."
"How to detect a Meth Lab around you"
"You'll taste quite nice with some fava beans and a nice chianti."
"Excuse me  does your dog bite?"
"Not coming out."
"I don't deserve it!"
"Found this while browsing... Dat face."
"Kart"
"Choose only one!"
"Hands Off the Sandwich"
"UP UP AND AWAY YOU GO."
"Somebody wants to be an adventurer"
"Coolest Arrested Development photo i've ever seen"
"Rap Rap Rap"
"Stairway to heaven. by Thomas Zimmer."
"So true."
"how i feel about my son"
"Wadsworth constant"
"I'm learning illustrator and for practice I've been tracing animated characters and making them incredibly high res."
"First known picture of Michael Phelps"
"Photobomb: Level Animal"
"Doing shit you ain't supposed to do..."
"I think he wants to go out."
"Am I beautiful now?"
"It never stops being funny.... kid gets owned in the balls."
"Daniel Day Lewis in the first official Lincoln Poster. Does not disappoint."
"Any love for a happy Catfish?"
"Introducing  Inspirational Adolf Hitler"
"Porkin it  when all of a sudden..."
"If anyone ever asks if I was tortured as a child I'll tell them that I was."
"How I imagine most of r/gaming right now (Steam sale just went up)"
"How much?!"
"B-52 Stratofortress on routine mission over the Pacific - Nov. 12  2008 [2560x1600]"
"Everyone has seen/done this before."
"A Three-Hour Tour..."
"This could not have been taken at a better time. ( fixed )"
"Looks like an oil painting  doesn't it?"
"High resolution shot of Jupiter's Red Spot"
"I didn't see you at the camouflage practice today! Army Trolling"
"Hey  Reddit..."
"Honestly though  he has a point"
"Life before Google."
"Life before google"
"Fuck YOLO. Fuck Swag. I'm livin' my life GANGNAM STYLE"
"Single ladies"
"Well that's one way to go down the stairs"
"Just Hold Still"
"On September 24  2011  over 2 200 paddlers showed up on the shores of the central Adirondack town of Inlet  New York (population  400) to set a new Guinness World Record."
"Of all the stupid HD re-releases/remakes... this trilogy is the one I really want."
"Why does this exist?"
"Now you can pee standing up"
"All aboard the karma train!"
"Conga!"
"A Peacock In Flight."
"When my mother said that Weeds was the best drug-related show on TV"
"How I feel opening comments on some posts."
"What I do when I find my stalker on facebook."
"When I click on a link and see it's the Abe Simpson turn-around .gif"
"The bathroom stalls were occupied at work. Yeap."
"How Romney's going to feel if he tries to do an AMA soon"
"OWNED!"
"diabetes duck"
"Bulgy Neck"
"Disprove all of its claims  and religion still won't relent."
"Something is definitely wrong in /r/askreddit..."
"I'm really grateful that my parents are helping me move to a new apartment. That being said..."
"What I have discovered after seeing all of the FB posts."
"How i felt after watching Taken 2 Trailer"
"I don't even know where to start..."
"Did they do bathsalts?"
"Still my favorite picture on the internet."
"WhaEVAR"
"In class; a few minutes before Spring Break"
"still one of my favorite gifs...credit to whoever did this!!"
"MFW the shrooms kick in."
"This is how I feel about the future of the US right now.../sigh"
"Fuck the police [NSFW]"
"D-Day."
"I prefer &quot;Suprise adoption&quot;"
"Of all the 'Oppa Gangnam Style' gifs  this one makes me the happiest"
"Pie in the hole!"
"I see your frozen Canadian horses and raise you Norwegian decaying reindeer road signs"
"A Winter Wonderland"
"Regarding the whatdoestheinternetthink? posts"
"His parents didn't approve  but their love was too strong."
"So I'm Redditing in the shower and just realized I forgot to bring a towel upstairs.."
"Thinking it would be funny to drink Four Lokos and watch Fraiser"
"I just farted in the steam room..."
"Tick-Tock upon the clock"
"deal with it"
"Was listening to this and opened the gif. Never knew Pingu could be so badass."
"Signs signs everywhere theres signs. Fuckin up the scenery  breakin my mind"
"wtf... why is there a drive-through window in his kitchen?"
"Best Dentist Ever."
"The latest in dental torture attire"
"Intent to kill."
"When my friends force me out on a Friday night but I want to stay at home with my Internet"
"Kids Today"
"We all deal with things differently"
"We all deal with situations differently"
"It's all right"
"It's ok  the Dog's gone now"
"Kitty Hug"
"Who has more Karma than me?"
"Eruption of Anak Krakatau"
"Reverse Strawberries"
"You're Awesome!"
"LSU vs Alabama GANGNAM STYLE"
"Here's a picture from Michael Bay's Upcoming new film"
"How I feel about reposts"
"So this was posted on Mitt Romney Facebook."
"The sad truth about the American justice system."
"How not to drive a boat"
"Boat Crash Face Plant"
"Oxford Comma"
"The Oxford Comma is important"
"Trends - next week on facebook"
"Batman"
"Brace yourselves..."
"Sadly true."
"How I feel when someone buys one of my blends on Adagio"
"This is how I feel finding a 96% match on OKCupid"
"HIT IT!"
"First gif I ever saw."
"shuttle breaking through the clouds"
"Just move along and no one gets hurt"
"What'cha lookin' at?"
"Beware the Child Eater!"
"TIL that there are places where this is not common. I love it where I live."
"Only photo of my grandpa that I have. It's in a pretty bad way but Reddit photo geniuses - can you help me out."
"I laughed to hard about this."
"Epic pigeon is epic."
"Zero Fucks Given..."
"Come at me"
"Hypnotoad in the wild"
"If I fits  I sits"
"Never had the chance to say bye."
"Iron Man 3 Revealed"
"Chuck Norris is the ultimate sniper"
"I work out."
"You have something in your teeth"
"Steve Jobs' Headstone"
"cat-like reflexes"
"How I imagine &quot;Found this guy...&quot; posts"
"...There we are."
"My friends took me to a club for my bachelor party last Friday night..."
"Walking Buddy"
"Meeting of the greats"
"Work it Barack baby."
"Mmhm gurl (Fixed)"
"Mixed the Mortal Kombat Prom with the disco song from It's Always Sunny  works amazingly well"
"Why superheroes arent online more often."
"Firefighter getting blown off a porch [825x550]"
"Just some BAMF's from the early 1900's"
"Can you hear me now ?!"
"Can anyone tell me what is it from?"
"Why are you still pouring?"
"Every advert for a drink ever  why??"
"Just noticed the cake next to my name... I'm ready for karma."
"Will that complete your order?"
"Anyone lose sleep because of this little addition?"
"Makes sense."
"Well I found this today. Nicolas Cage and a Monkey"
"The best thing the internet has given me"
"Whenever I'm driving and someone flashes their lights to warn me there is a cop."
"Anytime I see another white person on the train in Japan..."
"MFW I saw there was a fresh box of donuts in the meeting room this morning"
"fit perfectly"
"So cute I can't even stand it"
"Little Bunny has a Friend"
"Winter is coming...in Turkey. Comedy magazine photoshops prime minister to criticize higher natural gas and electricity prices"
"The Original Inception"
"I'm not even trying anymore"
"kiss kiss kiss"
"Snape getting his priorities straight"
"How Godzilla has been created"
"Hot potato"
"What it's like to drop a C-C-C-Combo Breaker on a runaway pun..."
"The smiley face of religion"
"Switchbot"
"Just a couple apes  enjoying her presence."
"How I feel after exams"
"A monkey giving a cat a massage."
"This cannot be true."
"Wiener Dog?"
"One of my friends is selling her puppies. I don't think this was the best picture choice."
"Super secret North Korean missile footage"
"These blast points ... too accurate for sand people"
"Obi-Wan is a Truther"
"This is how 9/11 truthers think"
"Bieber fans"
"Now that we're doing this...NSFW IRL"
"Playing Outside"
"I don't speak Arabic but I have a feeling I agree with this comic"
"Reddit's fantasies have met"
"I mustache you a question..."
"Saw this guy on my news feed this morning"
"Phear the Doginator!!!!"
"So i was pretty bored..."
"Binged &quot;Majestic creature&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"Release the dolphins! (NSFW)"
"Well this is just tragic (X-post from r/pics)"
"Obey the rules [x-post from r/Finland]"
"Are you experienced?"
"I'll never understand 13 year old girls."
"Every day I'm puffinin'..."
"Have a wash and be inspired."
"Bull Terrier Headbutt of Love"
"Erry day.."
"Just Hunter Thompson shaving Johnny Depp's head"
"Hunter S. Thompson shaving Johnny Depp's head. That is all."
"Hip Grandpa"
"The Magdeburg Water Bridge"
"president face swap"
"Kitty keeps knitting"
"Copy-cat"
"Oh Tarzan you sly dog"
"Four Horsemen"
"The Four Horsemen of Bonanza"
"My Reaction When my Mom said she was &quot;Going for a Facial&quot;"
"Reading the most offensive joke thread."
"Finishing while watching a weird porno (SFW)"
"How I feel whilst watching the Paralympics 2012"
"No Witnesses. Ever."
"Every time"
"This  unfortunately  describes me"
"How I feel inside when I see something Christmas-related on Reddit....."
"Zebra Sunset [1920×1200]"
"Zebra Sunset [1920×1200]"
"A tender moment"
"Red Card?"
"I think we have a winner"
"How I feel when someone tells me to grab them a beer in my own house."
"Playing CLOP"
"CLOP cosplay"
"Showdown"
"Tell 'em  Spidey!"
"Spiderman  you're not a wizard!"
"My reaction when I finally got my crush's phone number"
"I see your LEGO Freddie Mercury and raise you one Stephen Hawking"
"Lego Stephen Hawking"
"Can't believe someone took the time to create this"
"What was this guy thinking ?"
"I have no words..."
"This is what I came home to yesterday"
"Why Batman doesnt need powers"
"wat..."
"The next Batman movie"
"That's no moon...StarCraft 2 WCS European Finals in Sweden"
"The Jesus Last Supper"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus!"
"NOBODY Fucks with the Jesus!"
"This is what comes up when you google/image search for &quot;Big Lebowski Prostitutes&quot; (SFW)"
"Breaking Bad  ages 5 and up"
"Shlurpt."
"Give random upvotes for reddit!!!"
"Nope"
"so hungry!"
"Melon time!"
"Oh  Calvin..."
"Personal Responsibility"
"Thou shalt not downvote cat pics"
"A Dog and His Blanket"
"Distributed at the door of Comic-Con..."
"Gotta..."
"As soon as I see carpet when I get home from work"
"When I accidentally repost and am met with a torrent of hate."
"I give you the most Australian picture ever"
"O2 you legend."
"O2 customer support win. And ting."
"Relative size of planetary bodies"
"Women's Logic [FIXED]"
"Photo of teenage girls being delighted to meet Justin Bieber"
"This is what happens when you put a cell phone in a microwave"
"What I feel like walking around the college I graduated from in 2000."
"No arms Some legs= It had to be."
"I don't even know what to call this...."
"The only way I would watch the olympics"
"Failed attempt at looting in Birmingham"
"A Splash of Rose"
"Everytime"
"How to Survive a Zombie Apocalypse"
"I think your diapers full..."
"Somebody explain this"
"Watch trailers they said. It will be fun they said."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"What my office looks like this week."
"Oh the irony.."
"There was a sign in that tube carriage..."
"Nice choice of tattoo..."
"One good thing about summer ending"
"Dat Ass!!"
"It's like me but with Tail..."
"This is an amazing bedroom"
"AL CAPONE got it right! XD [1600 x 1200]"
"Best shyguy alternative art I've seen"
"how it feels expecting free karma just because it is my cake day"
"This is life"
"F*ck the Police!"
"Play time is over"
"Tired of online dating?"
"Yeah  I think that just about sums it up."
"Most people will probably consider this kitten to be cute."
"Someone explain to me how this works?! (faux 3D gif)"
"Cant...stop...looking...at it"
"Anymore like this? [gif]"
"Insane 3D and spooky too!"
"This is how pumpkins are born..."
"My cousin found this at the hospital she works at..."
"Delta rocket night launch over Cape Canaveral."
"How I feel trying to get to the front page..."
"Lesson on using a computer responsibly[NSFW]"
"Hunter S. Thompson  Johnny Depp and John Cusack with a blow-up doll."
"This is the cutest rat I'VE ever seen."
"When I get positive comments."
"Finally got around to downloading Reddit enhancement suite and I just discovered &quot;a&quot; upvote the selected link..."
"How I feel being on pain killers after getting my wisdom teeth taken out"
"Musicians made from their own CDs"
"A long exposure image of an taking off."
"Just keep turning left"
"Prolly had it coming"
"Amazing close-up image of a human eye [PIC]"
"Why would you do this? NSFW"
"Let me just borrow your flower press for a minute. [nsfw - nsfl]"
"Worlds most famous picture in today's perspective"
"i will be jumping over you now"
"Dis my nigga!"
"Gangsta nap: Hug life"
"cat on coffee?"
"I paid off my student loans yesterday! Here I am out celebrating [FIXED]"
"It's simple really. Close eyes  douchebags vanish."
"An extremely content Tibetan Fox. [x-post from /r/photoshopbattles]"
"An extremely content Tibetan fox (x/post from r/photoshopbattles)"
"wonder what flavor he is?"
"Black cat auditions"
"Why can't we all just be friends??"
"I see your world's tallest horse  and I raise you the world's tallest Great Dane"
"Gaming Lizard. (xpost from r/funny)"
"I see your cat playing Xbox and raise you a bearded dragon playing Playstation. &lt;not mine  and I don't know original source&gt;"
"My childhood nightmares... not gonna sleep tonight"
"Never Alone"
"And I thought kamiko was weird...oh Asians!"
"If there are gods  but unjust  then you should not want to worship them."
"Ahhh!:Ahhh!"
"Perspective"
"True Gangster"
"Escher's Impossible Cube"
"MindFuck"
"I can't wait for this trend to catch on"
"Fun bodily facts"
"WELP. No more /b/ for me today"
"just a duck in a cup"
"If instant death is not a sufficient deterrent..."
"After posting to /r/malefashionadvice wearing clothes I felt confident in"
"devil baby"
"Statistics"
"Shit! Shit! Shit!"
"Is that ice cream for me?"
"Chain Reaction"
"When you see it.."
"Wait for it..."
"Don't judge a man until you've walked a mile in his feet. IN his feet. IN HIS FEET."
"Hyped indian guy"
"The 2 presidents make this!"
"So true."
"First human in space."
"&quot; I see no god up here &quot; ( can be used as wallpaper )"
"Yup. I've got nothing."
"mother of god..."
"Whenever I tell a joke  waiting for someone to get it"
"Called into the Boss's office during a random erection"
"When I'm done fapping (SFW)"
"Finish him  nailed it."
"Photoshop makes all the difference"
"Just being honest.."
"Can't decide if this house is evil or funny"
"The Boondock Saints."
"Some real life optical illusion."
"Came across spacedicks today..."
"Just when you thought it was safe to go out this Halloween."
"Everytime I see a &quot;Look what my child wrote&quot; post."
"shit!shit!shit!shit!shit!"
"Bill_Clintowned"
"Story of my love life."
"Anyone ever teach you it's not polite to stare  Motorcycle? [x-post from r/pics by u/CardboardDoom]"
"Patrick  you're a genius!"
"This is how I imagine Redditors at work."
"Gaming at work"
"Damn it  Williams."
"Perfect - Imgur"
"Showing moments in slow motion - Imgur"
"Someone was selling this near my hometown!"
"Jack was not amused."
"Just saying!"
"Hope Sprouts Eternal  I guess"
"Born with googly eyes"
"googled &quot;how to reddit&quot;  was not disappointed"
"This picture of Einstein relaxing at the beach."
"Dog's best friend"
"Pakistani truck art [x post from /Pakistan]"
"Checking my reddit and find I have -100 comment karma"
"How I feel running in to an ex [fixed][fixed]"
"Everytime my boss wants me to do overtime ..... for free."
"HIFW I post a link in r/politics as a Conservative-Republican."
"Ever have a feeling your being hated? Yeah  let them hate"
"My homosexual Asian Roomate decided to set up the wireless in our house last night..."
"Well there goes my hope in humanity."
"Two Belugas  having fun"
"Sunflowers . . . Serbia"
"What I thought of after watching the Black Ops 2 trailer."
"My first thoughts on seeing the Black Ops 2 preview..."
"Now hold still and pose..."
"I believe in gun control but this made me laugh."
"Merry Christmas!"
"Did somebody say Christmas?"
"The greatest thing to show up in my FB newsfeed ever."
"Tiniest owl you'll ever see"
"The Cutest Picture you will EVER see"
"Honest Abe"
"Girl guitar."
"How I feel after a sleepless night when the morning brings a flurry of new posts."
"(^w^)"
"Nerds need lunch too."
"The world's saddest baby owl."
"This defined a hipster for me when I was younger."
"The day is coming..."
"Being a late 30'ies redditor and just now found out what &quot;Gangnam Style&quot; is..."
"Do you think my girlfriend will forgive me?"
"D'awwwwww"
"Baby monkey taking a bath [Xpost from r/gifs]"
"Imagine you live in a dystopian future"
"Just reading a paper..."
"There is something beautiful about that bounce."
"BEAR! Everyone play dead!"
"Almost as good as the real thing"
"New Rogaine Alternative!"
"What i imagine when i see poeple fighting in the comments"
"True Love"
"Asshole Man!"
"How I imagine a perfect summer's eve (x-post from r/breakingbad)"
"Now that's what I call living!"
"The truth about the Joker."
"Charter's customer service reached a new creepy level"
"Now this  this is gangster"
"Whenever I visit r/GhostAdventures..."
"Raptor Stylist."
"r/WTF  it's my birthday! So here's a strange picture from deep in my collection for you."
"uh......sorry"
"Chuck Testa"
"I see the resemblance[FiXED]"
"quote from man stabbed"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Last words of a man who was stabbed"
"Oh yes  he did."
"Hollywood is so original."
"I dont know why I find this funny at all"
"instant karma"
"Is there a problem officer?"
"Triple Word Triple Letter?!?"
"Hey girl  I'm bit of an artist. Would you like me to sketch you?"
"Women. I do not understand you."
"Boss Hogg Gangsta?"
"Shhhh...Otter Sleeping"
"Sunrise Highway  Sorrento  Italy"
"Fuck."
"Need for nope: Underground."
"Carl Sagan's pale blue dot  my all time favorite quote  which has probably been re-posted a million times on r/atheism but I don't care."
"Please tell me this is not real. (NSFW)"
"Failed juggle."
"Stephen Colbert told you so (x-post from /r/pics)"
"I see you're a gangster"
"The dark side say the truth"
"Judas and Jesus"
"smoking like a boss"
"Bounce bounce bounce run!"
"Even if you don't like birds  you will now."
"Incoming Storm"
"Exposure of a fireworks show with lightning in the distance and the comet McNaught in between [1337x460]"
"Balls (x-post from r/funny)"
"Just juggling..."
"What? You mean tomorrow is really 11.11.11?? Well..."
"It's my Cake Day!!!"
"This was totally me as a kid during the Windows 95 era"
"Back to the Roots"
"If there was ever anything that deserved to be posted to this subreddit...."
"Well at least the wall is enjoying it"
"Mario and his parties"
"Why the world is forever doomed"
"Reddit's reaction when a new CISPA-esque bill is introduced"
"Shooting the MGM lion logo in 1924 (X-Post from r/history)"
"Hairless Bear"
"Oh mange  is there anything you can't do?"
"Attempting to take all the groceries in one trip."
"Shop till you drop."
"Meet Carl"
"So  this actually exists."
"The Hawaiian Happy-Face Spider is a highly polymorphic species  producing a multitude of patterns on its abdomen  many which uncannily resemble the re recognizable &quot;Yellow Smiley-Face&quot;"
"just the beginning of chris i think"
"working hard to protect you"
"Our city's finest  hard at work"
"Orange Eyes"
"i. want. this. shark."
"Very accurate"
"How I Feel When I'm Downvoted After Gifing It My All"
"This."
"FACT! water is the leading cause of drowning"
"Just got out of jail"
"Just got out of jail"
"Oh shit my bad bro."
"My reaction when a girl I've been pursuing tells me she has a bf"
"Tap Tap..."
"Excuse me  miss. May I bother you for a rub?"
"Hey  hey  hey  hey...can I has pets?"
"I should visit my cousin. . ."
"So Dawnguard came out today..."
"This is how I feel about 50% of the front page being science"
"After discovering r/JusticePorn"
"I saw this on my Facebook feed and I couldn't stop laughing."
"Ah good Sir"
"How I imagine Gavin now"
"Life can be great."
"Did you notice?"
"How could someone let this happen to their dog?"
"Time To Feed My Pet Tiger"
"It is not always cats that are assholes."
"What do you mean I'm allergic to leaves!"
"Teacher catching me chewing gum in class.."
"How FPS games are made"
"Referee win."
"Oh yeah.... that looks normal."
"Hindenburg"
"Just found this. Made me awwwww!"
"So. Yeah."
"I believe I can fly"
"This is what happens when I try to dunk a basketball"
"Helga: &quot;Nope!&quot;"
"If I wrote a book [fixed]"
"you are now under my spell iguana...sleeeep"
"size does not matter"
"The second worst imaginable thing to happen when pole-vaulting."
"When I repost something I thought was original"
"Trying to make it to the front page"
"Same thing goes when a friend cuts you"
"Same thing goes when a friend cuts you"
"SIRI on philosophy"
"Siri is a douche."
"Friendzone lvl: iPhone"
"Siri is my offspring."
"F**k you and your logic Siri"
"Calm down Siri"
"You son of a bitch  I'm right behind you!"
"50 shades of Granger"
"This one always makes me laugh"
"oh children..."
"So i searches &quot;shit gettin crazy&quot; and... yea"
"Well  good enough."
"Two kittens  two cups"
"Windows 95 Launch Day Celebrations"
"Bellsprout swag"
"BELLSPROUT"
"to pretty much every post on reddit."
"how I feel when I lie to reddit and get away with it"
"How I look watching my friend sit next to his crush."
"Me waiting for Borderlands 2"
"My face when I woke up and saw how big the &quot;FBI's Most Wanted Memes&quot; took off on Reddit. I feel like I accomplished something!"
"Hans Landa loves him some Deadmau5"
"Oh Smithsonian how I love you so..."
"Genghis Khan"
"My wife's best argument whenever I point out a flaw in her logic."
"Hey Todd Akin..."
"Like I give a fuck... (x/post from /r/funny)"
"I'm cold.. so cold.."
"what the fuck is this"
"Benghazi Muslim"
"True meaning of walking like a boss"
"When my computer freezes"
"I got nothing"
"This made me chuckle so I thought I would share it with you *not mine I found it when on twitter"
"Breasts like coconuts"
"This is what I call EROTIC!"
"I shit my pants just looking at it."
"If it fits I eats."
"This. Play this with any music in the background!"
"sure?"
"How I felt when I found out the girl my ex left me for cheated on him."
"Blizzard  you are the most insensitive prick in the room."
"My favorite image from space"
"Mitt....why?"
"Youtube gold"
"Last night i fell asleep during a reddit session. This morning i woke up to this on my computer screen"
"How I feel rolling a joint when I'm already at an [8]"
"Punk rock officially has the most diverse musical fan base."
"Because fuck you thats why."
"OMG!"
"So I was looking for that seal that says &quot;Gaaaaaaay!&quot; Googled &quot;Gay Seal&quot;..."
"My New Year's Resolution is to more carefully monitor my attitude so I have installed this time saving app on my phone to do just that..."
"Santa?"
"What the hell. X- post from r/funny"
"Robo-santa and the three legged super-caribou"
"Why can't Christmas be more like this?"
"Having no religious affiliation  this is how I view the magic of christmas"
"Santa's Reindeer + Hallucinating drugs = this crazy GIF"
"reindeer!"
"If Santa were a Power Ranger..."
"It's a helluva drug"
"Luxury at its finest"
"Another clever business card!"
"Glass Bash"
"I made this neat .gif of the Temple 1 flyby"
"Fun Fact: No matter how long the slinky is  the bottom of the slinky will stay still (hover) until the top reaches it. Even if the slinky is over 1000 feet long."
"Slinky falling."
"LPT: Use a (clean) dustpan to fill a container that doesn't fit in the sink"
"kinda puts things in perspective  Doesn't it?"
"Found on random imgur..."
"Big Ass Nigga on a Scouter Drinkin' Capri Sun other wise known as BANS"
"Aaaaand mother of the year award goes to..."
"our favorite hurdler"
"Who I think has been posting on r/WTF lately."
"So that's where that came from.."
"Call of Duty Teabag POV (SFW)"
"I took a picture of my girlfriend next to this sign. She thought I was taking it because of the scenery."
"When My Friend Said He Didn't Like My Mom's Cooking [GIF]"
"When My Friend Said He Didn't Like My Mom's Cooking [GIF]"
"Bitches love my lightsaber(s)."
"Soul shark"
"Me trying to talk to girls"
"I bet this stone is never wrong"
"One thing is for sure: he's going to be one of us"
"well..."
"Nothing is going to stop her from doing her job"
"When my Mom tells me to eat my spinach"
"My husband when I ask him to go down on me"
"Shine."
"Never Forget"
"I love Train games  but i have a Mac  so this is my reaction to r/gaming lately..."
"I'm so sorry Rex..."
"Just Jesus holding a baby dinosaur"
"How I feel about the r/WTF revolution."
"When someone mentions how happy they are with their significant other."
"When my husband says  &quot;I gotta show you something funny on the internet. I found it on TheChive.&quot;"
"When my friend tells me I just lost the game."
"How I reacted when my friend told me he had sex with two of his girlfriends"
"Rhino"
"Astronaut Kitty"
"Mein Katf!"
"Flying turtle."
"The original angry bird"
"Happy Birthday to me...."
"disrespect your surroundings!"
"Nerd Rage!"
"Space Shuttle cockpit"
"Great shirt or greatest shirt?"
"My friend's kids going as &quot;Little Wayne's World&quot; for Halloween. Nailed it."
"When the drugs kick in"
"Weapons in Disguise."
"Disguised Weapons For Sale - Repost (Craigslist Ad)"
"Stan Lee holding a blank page."
"made me laugh"
"She packs a big lunch."
"Wow."
"When you pull out a joint at a party"
"&quot;It's about to get Poopy!&quot;"
"Poopy Time...?"
"A shitty kids toy"
"What the..."
"I'm not sure how to explain but I am kind of excited to poo now (sfw)"
"I'll have your leg!"
"Nick Nolte riding a bumper car [x-post from r/pics]"
"Where is Skeletor?"
"I coloured the Burning Monk photo  watcha think? [PIC]"
"I feel  sometimes the walls move..."
"While reading that regrettable sexual acts thread last night."
"WHEEEEEEE!!"
"Cool."
"When somebody offers a witty insight"
"Meanwhile  in Romania"
"Setting a new standard in manly bathing"
"Jurassic Story 4"
"So I decided to try my hand at the grilled cheese thing"
"The cutest photobomb I've ever seen!"
"HELP ME!!!"
"Yo gonna eat that chair?"
"Jeff Goldblum is a delicate man"
"Just gonna leave this here."
"Watch It Fly...."
"This is reddit."
"Every time I open Instagram."
"Tickle tickle"
"This just belongs here..."
"Just a baby otter. [gif]"
"He's got a point..."
"How do you organize a space party? (from the maker of Bison and Investigator)"
"I fear neither death nor pain"
"These were on the walls at a Beijing Children's hospital I visited today."
"The ultimate entrance"
"The most satisfying GIF on the internet [FIXED]"
"Oh yeah? Whatcha gonna do  tough guy? You can't hit a gi..."
"I work in a very stressful environment. This is what I have on my monitor when I need a break."
"Reddit: Now with 2.5x more color!"
"Ironic."
"I never thought i would actually be more scared of the waiting room than the actual dentist... well  i thought wrong."
"Rejection hurts"
"Friend posted it on Facebook  actually makes sense..."
"Whoah"
"Came home last night and my little brother left his Legos on the floor (x-post from /r/reactiongifs)"
"Night driving"
"when I post on a frontpage submission in hope for karma and get none"
"How I felt when I missed the Presidents AMA"
"Best Dog Costume?"
"how my fiance wins a fight against my brother"
"Well that's just rude."
"Apparently everyone on Reddit who has gotten out of a relationship"
"Damn it Feels Good to be a Gangsta"
"What it feels like to rap as a white guy"
"Folding a chair like a boss"
"Packing my stuff after I broke up with my girlfriend."
"yes  he can."
"What if Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"This is what i talk about it class."
"I say Neil was exploited."
"explain this Mr.Religious"
"... in the first degree"
"Hilarious homonyms"
"Close  but no zebra"
"About pissed my pants first time I saw this."
"putting your life down"
"my favorite comic"
"This would be genius."
"Bill Cosby on grandmothers."
"This freaked me the fuck out even in college"
"Every time I hear Slender Man  it reminds me"
"Smooth."
"Fuck you  I'm a box."
"I see what you all rented from blockbuster the most  but this was my #1 rental"
"Fuck you  I walk a lot."
"One of my favourite quotes from this show"
"Excited Chipmunk"
"Public Transport cons"
"How to judge bearded people at face value."
"So i sez to dah brod..."
"He knew he was doing this"
"The USS Annapolis at the Arctic Circle"
"Aggressive Girl Scout Cookie Sales"
"I...don't remember that episode."
"the awkward moment when your friend's &quot;fat arm&quot; makes you look naked"
"Egarembflerbefb"
"How I argue with my 11yo sister"
"How I look when I'm on Reddit until the boss comes by for a look."
"whoo weekend!"
"Gaben"
"When we moved into our house  my dad and I decided to rebuild it. We had almost no experience  but we did have access to the internet. Here is San Diego's  Kitchen of the year I built."
"These guys  with no experience  used the internet to win homeowner designed kitchen of the year in SD (x-post r/DIY)"
"The Venus Fly Trap ain't got nothin on the Corporate Human Trap"
"Spent way too much time thinking about this already..."
"I'm getting sick of auto-correct fails [FIXED]"
"Ehhh; reddit is all i need"
"stop fixing it."
"Twinkle twinkle little...wtf?"
"Whenever my post does good and a similar post gets buried."
"Me when my girlfriend tries to take food off my plate."
"Fucking wasps"
"ah yeah  i'm well gangsta..."
"Disney jealousy..."
"He's got my vote."
"...you grow your facial hair back RIGHT NOW  mister!!"
"Nick Offerman (AKA RON SWANSON) - without his signature mustache"
"Dont say that about yourself....you are flawless"
"Listen here.."
"Sometimes I feel ugly."
"Slow motion bunny flop"
"Bastard!"
"&quot;You can't chose to like dick but you can chose to be one&quot;"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"You know you're unemployed when this looks attractive"
"This never gets old."
"Human Eyelashes Under A Microscope"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"Ha!"
"LEVEL UP!!"
"Karma saved him."
"Homer Simpson doing an impression of the Egyptian protesters voting in the Islamist party after the Egyptian Spring"
"One last &quot;what is your town famous for&quot; post. This is what my town is so famous for."
"Ahhhh yeaaa"
"best. walrus. gif. ever."
"Just a walrus doing sit ups"
"&quot;Al. Please. I don't care for such behavior.&quot;"
"Weapon of Choice level: Al Pacino"
"Googled crazy boyfriend   found this"
"Christmas - it´s a family thing!"
"Holiday Season Tradition (NSFW)"
"Transport for London helping out iOS6 users..."
"This is what I call 'up to date' passenger information."
"Good guy tube warden"
"London Underground has a dig at iOS6 maps."
"UK is prepared for iOS6"
"So they build a gundam in my town"
"Today I woke up with a tic in my face; a doctor friend told me I should move my face muscles for a while. This is how I feel my co workers see me..."
"he was here last night..."
"University Scumbag With Functional Arms"
"Those damn ears"
"Found a fellow redditor at the animal shelter I volunteer at"
"Now its a special day for both of us."
"Happens all the time."
"SHITSHITSHITSHITSHIT!!!!"
"how i feel as a christian on reddit"
"I'm loving the new grandma meme..."
"Whenever I'm talking to my mom on the phone. (x-post from /r/gif)"
"Your glasses get in the way of my loves"
"Not a cartoon I would watch"
"Juicy Jess"
"Killed by.... a piss javelin??"
"Good morning"
"Am I  really?"
"Be careful who you moon"
"Honest Pizza Roll Directions"
"my world is spinning out of control"
"Overly attractive girlfriend"
"Masturbation Question?"
"Scumbag Canada [Fixed]"
"What big brothers are for"
"Olympic divers mid-dive vs. dirty mind"
"Need more Gigawatts!!"
"Eating at Taco Bell at a [6]"
"MFW opening r/spacedicks on my first day of reddit"
"Some names drawn with vectors"
"This is how YOLO should be used[FIXED]"
"Office in the middle of the forest"
"Old people and Taco Bell  amirite?"
"The best STAR WARS action figures yet!!!!!!"
"So this is me now that I've gone to see TDKR."
"Me during the entire duration of 'The Expendables 2' (NO SPOILER)"
"You'll never be this white"
"SHARKKKK!!!"
"Cat freaks out over laser pointer"
"My new favorite wallpaper!"
"hoopdown"
"Just a little hug!"
"billy madison at his best"
"Hitching a ride."
"I Will Never Be As Manly As This Knight."
"What on Earth was Sean Connery thinking when he took this role?"
"He Died For Your Shins (FIXED)"
"This has to be the most brilliant logic I've ever encountered."
"How did the Dinosaurs die?"
"Seems legit"
"Why didn't they just sell the shovels and buy food?"
"Well if you say so..."
"Grumpy Cat on Monster Storm!"
"Yup  this will eat your dreams. The Sea Pig"
"MFW gf  after asking if I want to try her food  intercepts my incoming fork and supplies a choo choo train instead."
"Look at him go! Hardstyle Pumpkinhead"
"Tasty human"
"Hey  fuck you."
"here kitty kitty! (om nom nom nom nom...)"
"FINALLY!!!"
"Celebrate Good Times! Col-bert!"
"Obsidia  anyone? [Another Gifsound]"
"&quot;Just try to look casual. Yeah  that's perfect.&quot;"
"I didn't know this was possible..."
"Social Media Explained"
"Freedom of speech until you say something I don't like"
"Just a dog that ate gum"
"As a man living by himself with no family close by  this is what I got for Christmas!"
"How I see American politics..."
"As a swiss I find this slightly offensive"
"Back when she was Stefani…"
"Zero fucks were given that day."
"Flashdance"
"Baby Chameleons"
"Nice Head Goal!"
"This Explains A Lot Actually"
"ERMAGERS BERBLES!!!"
"Ken's theme goes with anything"
"Missed your cakeday?"
"How I feel every time I upload something to reddit."
"The Solution to PDA"
"Park bench bandit!"
"Now Kiss!"
"minty flavor."
"You have won a new toyota!!! YAAAYY!!"
"Look mom! What's in there?"
"Getting money after selling my books back every semester."
"So the Mayan Apocalypse was a flop..."
"So the Mayan Apocalypse was a flop..."
"HEY! Listen!"
"Listening to a floating ball of light all your life can be pretty stressful..."
"When the robots kill all of my patients"
"Gaben coding half-life 3"
"r/Cinemagraphs: An elegant gif  for a more civilized age."
"Best dinosaur gif ever"
"My baby lacks personality and an active lifestyle... what to do?"
"Ads you'll never see again."
"A Scottish National Antarctic expeditionary plays the bagpipe for an indifferent penguin  1904."
"BooooooZzzze!"
"Bull's revenge"
"That's going to leave a mark (NSFL-ish)"
"Maps..."
"How I feel about religious views"
"Skrillex attacked by a bee"
"Skrillex &amp; the bee"
"Why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"Past &amp; Present"
"Be Christopher Walken for the day-"
"If you haven't got a Halloween costume yet just wear this in the sluttiest way possible."
"Eagle Nebula: It's 9.5 light-years or about 90 trillion kilometres high  about twice the distance from our Sun to the next nearest star."
"This is why I shop online for presents (especially Christmas) instead of going to the shops!"
"Leaving work with a joint at home ready to go"
"Kitty with rodent friend"
"Nightmares forever"
"When people disagree with what I say online."
"Things To Say During Sex [flow chart]"
"&quot;Computer 'web' to change billions of lives (yeah  right)&quot;"
"anyone remember this chill motherfucker?"
"Lets See That In Reverse!"
"Reconstruction [gif]"
"Long Underwater Picture"
"Mind-blowing artwork"
"Don't touch the dog"
"unfortunate time to get arrested"
"Doctarang"
"It's a sad story"
"Billy do you want to play soccer???"
"Not so anonymous."
"Horse pug"
"How I look when I'm dancing at a club"
"Rapper's Delight"
"This pup scared of the vet deserves more than FaceBook!"
"A hug"
"How do you breath out of that thing!? (semi-NSFW)"
"Cant think of a title  here you go reddit."
"Probably"
"Girl Dancing In Pyjamas (gif)"
"Little Biggie"
"I should just give up my university education."
"A Message to Ladies  From the RNC"
"Interesting Avengers twist..."
"Dedicated clothing store employee"
"It's my cake day?!"
"Passionate hate"
"Possibly the best picture made from cases of pop I've ever seen..."
"Renewable Energy"
"This is how I feel learning I missed the chance to whore pics of my 10 cats for karma because I missed my cake day yesterday."
"Fantastic Idea"
"What Really Happens to Golf Balls"
"I love macros like this."
"Laughed for what felt like days."
"Because I forget sometimes."
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"Still my favorite gif"
"Photobombing like a pro."
"HURRR"
"Ronald McDonald: The Early Years"
"They found your mom's booty call book."
"A new book called &quot;Understanding Women&quot; is coming out this spring  here is a sneak peek of part 1."
"Kiss my ..."
"Little baby octopus."
"What should you drink with breakfast?"
"Amazing Black Panther"
"So much pop culture  and such a stupid face"
"Clouds over Rio"
"Soda or pop?"
"South Sudanese Soldier"
"Pygmy Marmoset AKA Finger Monkey."
"Misty Mountain Meadow"
"In the sky."
"Best Trivial Pursuit question ever?"
"Come at me bro!"
"Nice ride!"
"First time having sex."
"The Incredible Hulk vs Theists"
"Random pictures on Imgur was my savior yesterday."
"How I felt after my first day of law school."
"Googled &quot;cute &quot; id say i got it."
"My Halloween Costume"
"I love fire too"
"25 Years Ago today  the world was given Double Dare"
"Hold on little fella."
"How was the world created?"
"How was the world created?"
"How I feel realizing I missed my cake day by three days..."
"Shouldn't have resisted arrest"
"Nice try USA."
"Found this in my schools bathroom."
"I don't remember this being in Scooby do."
"King Sloth"
"That must have taken quite some time."
"Can Anyone turn this into a Wallpaper?"
"End of Prohibition rally - 1933"
"My life."
"Anatomy of a gummy bear"
"-.-"
"Found this on a forum"
"What it feels like trying to contribute to Reddit for a day"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"What it must feel like being a Panda..."
"When I first got Reddit"
"The only pickup line I need."
"Those pictures that blew your minds? Try DnD. (Xpost from r/rpg Top)"
"Washing your hands never felt so good"
"Googled &quot;genius gif&quot;  was not disappointed."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Someone called me and my friends a Fruit Salad  he gave us inspiration."
"If Jupiter was the same distance from the Earth as the Moon [X-post from r/pics]"
"This happens when only I buy popcorn in cinema"
"Oh hi"
"I believe this belongs here"
"Was not expecting to see this face"
"The sand walls are melting..."
"David Blaine's latest trick"
"I heard you like ships that ship  so here's a picture of a ship shipping ships that ship."
"&quot;Does this make me gay?&quot;"
"The elusive waving bear!"
"What 90% of /r/gaming looks like right now."
"Even if you're normal.... waaaaiiiit a second!"
"Om nom nom"
"War Birds over New York"
"Fuck it"
"His life sure turned around"
"What happens when you make a &quot;pedo joke&quot; and a Mod is (literally) butthurt about it."
"watermelion"
"My friend's cat - Mr. Spooky."
"The perfect Halloween cat"
"Man  I love Super Smash Bros!"
"Found this gem on a friends Facebook profile. My new favorite .gif"
"Don't get me started"
"My reaction to getting karma."
"A soon to be forgotten delicacy.."
"Good Guy Milk Carton"
"New employee training"
"Fire  the second safest way to travel!"
"We all are."
"r/politics in a nutshell"
"we're lost!!!"
"Be this gu -- OH NO"
"Clash of the titans"
"The Inside of a Human Hand (NSFL)"
"I thought this was amazing. I wish more people saw the majesty of our universe."
"Season's Greetings?"
"Which came first?"
"Best ice sculpture I have ever seen! Firefighter."
"Gettysburg Distress!"
"Not the best day"
"It looks like a suicide  I can't really tell for sure."
"Purple Ass"
"Saw this picture on Facebook  and it scared the ever living hell out of me....I'm a terrible person  right?"
"i &lt;3 Corporate Sponsors."
"A bicycle collector's gallery before an exhibition at a local art museum."
"Just a little turbulence  folks."
"Pilot dog..."
"Staying with my uncle for the weekend  checked out his grow/stash room while he was at work."
"The most effective home security system on the market"
"Bought a beer and... [xpost from pics]"
"Never been more proud to be Irish."
"I've ran out of FAP material. Please help me find the full video"
"Splendid indeed."
"Last Day Of Summer Before School"
"My cake day! I love reddit like reddit loves Corgis!"
"Male-dominated culture."
"I've never seen a picture that describes Reddit more."
"The life"
"WTF is happening here?"
"there are so many things wrong with this pic"
"GG GgGG / ggGg gG GgGg g / gGG gggg g Gg / gg / ggGg GGG ggG Gg Ggg / G gggg gg ggg / ggg ggG Gggg gGg g Ggg Ggg gg G"
"Totoro Time!"
"If only this was real...."
"How I feel about my favorite foods after getting braces at 24..."
"Dogs and cupcakes..."
"Nam... Tough Shit"
"My exact reaction after watching Hot Problems (x/r/gifs)"
"Hurricane Kitty"
"Just a pig napping..."
"Well Hi!"
"C-C-C-COMBOBEARDER!"
"If you don't say 'aww' to this; you have no soul."
"Bad dreams baby? &lt;3"
"Dont smile and your soul will fade away"
"Here's a fully-grown Golden Cocker Retriever. Forever a puppy"
"Pussy is disappoint"
"I always though E.T. was a boy... [NSFW]"
"Use the Force  Harry -Gandalf"
"How to upset every single nerd on the planet."
"How to anger Star Wars  Star Trek  Harry Potter  and Lord of the Rings fans all at once..."
"Sad kitty"
"Woah."
"Flamingos in an unusual pattern."
"Troll level: Vader"
"Zipper hair is crazy"
"let me hit you with some science"
"No  we need a damn sequel to THIS GAME"
"I guess this is lumberjack art"
"Religion is the way to go... [Pic]"
"The Reason I love living in Norway. Atheism."
"“I hope they speak Norwegian in hell!”"
"360° [pic] (xpost)"
"Coffee with Jesus"
"Buy me if you've got the guts!"
"When you see it..."
"Sounded like a good idea at the time..."
"My granddad actually said this this morning while watching a news segment about drug use"
"Me watching my facebook feed as the &quot;Happy Birthday's&quot; roll in"
"When i see my brother next to me start to smell my recent tremendous fart"
"My reaction upon seeing any picture of McKayla on the frontpage"
"When someone kills the people raiding your base"
"Black state trooper and KKK toddler"
"Baby KKK."
"Dude  that's deep"
"Check out the size of his caulk!"
"I don't even .."
"Contain your orgasms"
"Got it!"
"I hope he finds his way out of that."
"Do not push the ball."
"Fuck this shit!"
"When you walk into work and your manager is already waiting to talk to you"
"She just woke up--loves her pokeball!"
"I choose you Kitty!"
"Teenage mutant ninja squirtles!!!"
"So  we found this chinchilla."
"Thirsty ants"
"When I found out I missed my Cake Day"
"when someone asks if i'm single..."
"Was watching Speed 2 last night when i had to pause it."
"Just another day in the life of an atheist [x-post from r/wtf]"
"This was my all time favorite snack food as a kid."
"Breathtaking"
"Saw this on Facebook  this 'sharing' thing has gotten out of hand"
"Saw this on my facebook news feed  I couldn't stop laughing"
"Lake dive fail."
"Why is Putin a crab?"
"Why is Putin a crab? [.gif]"
"Nuclear explosion"
"I lol'd hard with a vengeance."
"I have flown 10 times in 6 weeks  and not been patted down or nude scanned ONCE! Here is my secret.."
"Definition of the term &quot;Fanboy&quot; [FB]"
"Russian bear hunting armor from the 19th century."
"What 4chan thinks about us and 9gag..."
"(&quot;)(&gt;.&lt;)(&quot;)rawr"
"I am a red panda and I will cute your face off."
"Rawrr!!!"
"I can't even think of a title..."
"wait...i dont even...what ???"
"you're doing it wrong"
"what happens when Gangnam Style starts playing at the club"
"Me whenever a cell phone service rep uses the word &quot;Unlimited&quot;."
"Chocolate covered banana anyone?"
"Focus on the sloth..."
"The best gif story never told"
"Rush Hour in Mumbai"
"Take your son to work day..."
"Danish police doing it RIGHT!!!!"
"The Danish police posted this on their facebook"
"Baby panda being carried by people dressed as pandas. [Repost from pics]"
"Meanwhile in China"
"For my cakeday I've decided to give you my list of GIF conversation enhancers  enjoy!"
"How I feel watching the GOP nonsense lately."
"So... What's the catch?"
"Doesn't matter  had sex"
"Every Day she waits for him..."
"Motivations of a Lannister"
"Un-pregnant"
"Dad vs the mole  rounds one and two. Update!"
"the thing i look for when purchasing a cat"
"Gangsta lvl: white"
"Dog  i received your message. hang tight  I'm on my way."
"Gets me every time."
"r/imgoingtohellforthis has the funniest stuff"
"Gettin' food like a boss."
"Oh Woody..."
"How I feel when I get a lot of up votes"
"My friend send me a picture of his new cat!"
"Adorable Eyes"
"The brand new Lacoste shirt"
"low cost-lacoste"
"Wish more religious leaders were like him"
"There is nothing I love more than watching Christiano rage."
"Milhouse Forever Alone (x-post from /r/discgolf)"
"A Fetus-Melon. That is all."
"why i always get seedless watermelon"
"How hurricanes form  according to Colbert"
"Corrected Jesus Toast..... (from facebook timeline)"
"Holy Bread!"
"That is all."
"My school t-shirt is pink  what the hell mom?!"
"Louis Armstrong playing the trumpet for his wife in front of the sphinx  circa 1961."
"Day 1..."
"When someone takes my seat at a party while I go get food."
"upon learning that &quot;Golden Eagle Snatches Kid&quot; was fake"
"It's moustaches all the way down"
"Hovering in the sky  this rainbow cloud over Mount Everest took an astonished astronomer by surprise. Oleg Bartunov  51  caught the spectacle on camera during a Himalayas expedition in Nepal."
"The rare Morning Glory Cloud can stretch for hundreds of miles and no one is completely sure why they form in the first place"
"This is always awkward when you share an office"
"My friend calls him &quot;Mr Ridiculously Photogenic Guy&quot;"
"Apparently there isn't a subreddit for everything"
"Oscar begins"
"Walked in on my son watching TV like this. Freaked me out for a second."
"One thing that women's soccer can't do that men can."
"nice frendship !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Steven Spielberg was a master of suspense"
"Inspidered"
"Whenever I see a repost"
"No spotter needed"
"What if a doctor did this?"
"Chick Putting Pants On"
"I don't remember E.T's finger vibrating this much"
"Worst Toy Ever!"
"Poster seen in a bookstore in Sydney."
"Just some godly man groping Katy Perry"
"Bus in a ball of flames"
"Never ask Steven Seagal  what time it is?"
"Found this &quot;gem&quot; in my inbox"
"How does it look"
"What is this sorcery?"
"Advertising definitely used to be more entertaining...."
"Oh  wife."
"Trying to keep up with rap these days"
"I've heard that you like milk..."
"Wait a minute..."
"Damn Nature You Scary!"
"Saw &quot;Thor's Well&quot; picture on reddit. Went there. Did not disappoint."
"Desk pet: Work edition (xpost r/funny)"
"Well  watcha gonna do about it  huh  huh?"
"Jehovah Witness Final Level"
"Having a fine snack."
"Faaaabulous!"
"Damn I am fabulous"
"Tired of all the 4th of july posts?"
"Every time USA wins a gold medal"
"How I feel as an american at the Olympics every time an american wins a gold medal"
"How I feel as an American watching the Olympics"
"Oh  just a squirrel sheilding itself from the snow with its tail."
"Mind = blown"
"Atheist Cat"
"A lesson from the grammar Nazi"
"Bane knows that it is true!"
"They see me rolling  they hating"
"Uptown Top Dancing Bane"
"YOU! Lettuce be friends."
"Jack and Sally"
"Ice cave in Antarctica"
"Lumia 920 vs. iPhone 5"
"Hitler &amp; cat dance with Brooklyn Bounce"
"How I feel as a Brit reading all these posts about your stolen AC units."
"The Question Of Our Time"
"Awwwwww"
"When the mailman delivers a package you've been waiting for..."
"When My Roommate Puts the Coffee Pot on Before Me"
"Super Mario World"
"Cool Mario wallpaper that I found from a random imgur link"
"Reliving old memories everytime i go to my desktop"
"The Reddit store got a new shirt"
"Wut"
"What God Thinks of You"
"Public toilets in Europe."
"It's called fashion..."
"Dat ASS (nsfw)"
"Efficiency"
"It is covered"
"Anyone who doesn't believe Gary Busey is our generation's Plato needs to see this."
"Conan O'Brien the zinger slinger"
"There is probably a better way to say that Lebron.."
"Wrestling little kids is so much easier"
"Is that a freaking kid ?"
"When you become a Kabab-Chef's sweetheart... living becomes too easy."
"Not sure if repost  but.... Water sprinklers"
"Christmas Bukkake [SFW]"
"Terrifying."
"Thug-Life."
"What do you guys think?"
"red bull gives you..... wings....?"
"Paedo Pumpkin Jimmy. Now then now then."
"The Batman"
"Gay conversion"
"Wat"
"4chan's good deed for the year."
"Carpet stains? Not a problem!"
"Saturday Mornings"
"I am a gamer because I don't have a life..."
"my creed"
"I'd be lion if I said it wasn't an improvement"
"Why doesn't r/aww have Baby Elephants? [FIXED]"
"Baby elephant looking sleepy"
"Do wee agreee?"
"Just a smiling baby hippo."
"The truth about gaming!"
"HOLYSHIT ITS A LION!!!!!!!"
"I really hope there aren't any lions here today..."
"Possibly my faborite Nigel .gif ever"
"Microsoft's E3 plan for the next couple years"
"The best idea that Apple ever had."
"ideas for new call of duty"
"I agreed when my girlfriend said she had put on weight."
"I asked Google &quot;how am I going to die?&quot; this is what came up"
"This is the first thing on my list for back to school...."
"Back to School - American style"
"How I like to imagine I will explain sex to my children..."
"Rockin' it"
"Added music to complete r/funny's joke"
"When cashiers make remarks.."
"Cashiers  we hate this."
"Wolf nomming on a watermelon"
"I don't have any animals so I didn't have anything else to post for my Reddit Birthday..."
"Finally... A gif that caters to my interests"
"Finally...A gif that caters to my interests."
"Don't lie  newspaper editor  you knew EXACTLY what you were doing."
"Tulip fields in the Netherlands [1000x666]"
"Firefighter of the year"
"My Hero! /swoon"
"Cat is having a seizure"
"Official Poster for Israels Holocaust Remembrance Day"
"United Kingdom transformed into anime character"
"How I feel when I post on Reddit twice in the same day.."
"My girlfriend when I climax too early during a BJ"
"I love you Dad"
"Max Level Reached"
"Now this is just mean."
"Happy 5th Anniversary to one of the best video games ever........."
"Billy Mays Maize Maze"
"Miley Cyrus topless. Seriously."
"He really loves the little guy"
"The comment threads when a attractive woman posts on reddit."
"Spotted this driving home from work today..."
"This little guy"
"Every day..."
"Not a single fuck was given that day.."
"Fear and Loathing in Ashdown?"
"Wal-Mart employee's continue to amaze me."
"Bomb bays ready"
"I don't know what this is  but it scares me"
"Keepin' Cool."
"Steam is down.. So this is going to be how I spend my Sunday."
"SUCH A SAD DAY FOR US ALL."
"Suddenly  a swimming pool."
"Poor dog...people will buy anything..."
"Well  he does need to be stopped."
"lolololol"
"When someone doesn't give me a high five back."
"How I feel when upvoting my own post"
"How it must feel to buy yourself Reddit Gold"
"How I imagine it feels to buy yourself Reddit Gold"
"So this really happened..."
"Couches Ftw"
"How I feel whenever I'm ignored on a subreddit"
"He's probably just a lumberjack"
"That's a brave  brave man."
"For a lot of us this is the best father's day gift"
"The management is not responsible!"
"My aunt likes to send me a lot of religious pictures  I replied to her with this..."
"The Cat's Milk"
"Combo spanking!"
"Moth Eye"
"How I feel when someone mentions swag."
"Artist Peter Fecteau making a giant Martin Luther King  Jr. mural out of Rubik's cubes"
"I wouldn't want to do the last one..."
"Sunrise at the North Pole"
"Well that is just an unfortunate name"
"Not Enough Panda For One Picture."
"One does not simply get off of Mr. Bones' Wild Ride"
"Many faces of beauty"
"Why I hate checking orangereds"
":o"
"DEAL WI-AAARGH"
"For the past month and a half  I have been stressing about what to post on my cake day. I found nothing..."
"HHHHRRRNNNGGG!"
"Old MacDonald had a farm..."
"Stealth pup"
"Trapped"
"What happens when I woke up on time and actually going to catch my first bus"
"I meant to do that..."
"Now what?"
"And now the song of my people..."
"it would be funnier if nature would be like this"
"Shocked Hamster"
"Something is wrong with this hamster."
"Almost there..."
"What Mt. Rushmore Should Have Looked Like. Lack of funds forced the carving to end in October 1941  but this is what it should have looked like. It cost $989 992."
"You stand no chance against this guy"
"This is a must for the WiiU!"
"[First] Does this work?"
"How I feel when I'm in Best Buy."
"Not what they seem."
"Just two penguins in sweaters."
"Wait...this isn't my blanket!"
"dogs on acid"
"Striking logic"
"Meanwhile  in WTFville"
"Googled &quot;i was not disappointed&quot;. Surprisingly  I was not disappointed."
"Googled &quot;Was not disappointed&quot;  was not disappointed."
"Daniel Radcliffe used to be self-conscious about his height (5' 5&quot;)"
"Batman sets them up."
"Well  that was unexpected"
"Seems an adorable tv serie"
"I didn't remember that Saved by the Bell was so funny [xpost from r/WTF]"
"Bunny of Wisdom"
"If there were an Ent rabbit  this would be it. [x-post from /r/trees]"
"Real life Popeye!"
"No Luke Skywalker?!"
"Where can I buy planks  nails  and diapers  please?"
"Not one ounce of a fuck was given"
"The best way to take a bath"
"Doughnuts... bitches."
"I Felt There Weren't Enough Downvote GIFs  So I Made A New One. I Present To You: Downvote Ace"
"In your kitchen..."
"Bam  Bam  Bam!"
"...I... I'm sorry"
"HI YA!"
"Mom I am waiting"
"I lost so many friends to this game"
"So I'm sitting in my first accounting lecture and this is all i can think about"
"Family bonding? Why not take a dip in placenta soup."
"Mom  this is not a swimming pool"
"Problem solved."
"How My Friends Get Laid"
"My favorite perry bible fellowship comic"
"My first time visiting Chat Roulette [Fixed]"
"Off to a bad start..."
"Hmmm  something isn't right here..."
"Lol'd"
"Best Thing I've Ever Found on the Internet"
"I see your 8am classes  post-grad work at 7am  bakery work at 4am.. and I raise you the graveyard shift in a Rehab facility(12am-8am)"
"Very cool composite of a bunch of planes taking off!"
"Old school saucy love (1920s)"
"Oh the unimaginable pain..."
"I finally did it."
"Ukraine fans don't care about the rain."
"Ukrainian fan sitting alone in the rain."
"Being the last one at a party..."
"Good God That Hits The Spot"
"Kittens playing with a vacuum. Hilarious"
"How I feel when I get invited by a coworker to her church"
"How I Feel In the Last Week of My Summer Internship"
"Drunk Sarah Jessica Parker"
"oh girl ..."
"A quote I thought /conspiracy would enjoy."
"Pelvic Thrust Genie."
"How facebook should be used"
"Here you go Reddit  the best pics from yesterday's &quot;Pics (and Gifs) you can't look at without laughing&quot; thread! Enjoy!"
"Saint-Tropez  France [1350x2000] [OC] © Frank Kehren"
"Why the hell didn't you guys tell me this existed??"
"Incredible flower refactions through a Damselfly covered in DEW!! (2048 x 1365)"
"I regret it so much..."
"#Firstworldproblems: Skyrim"
"They're quite good actually."
"A problem I almost wish I had...almost"
"All Zelda games on a timeline."
"My high school life."
"Dumbass dares = Best dares!"
"I wish I could do that"
"Churros or death! You decide."
"Nothing to see here either... just a half-albino peacock"
"Payday and weekend  out bitches"
"BREAKING NEWS."
"This reporter earned his money that day"
"History is great."
"Me trying to reach 1200 elo again."
"MRW my wife told me she was heading to the mall for Christmas shopping"
"all the difference"
"all the difference"
"Robvargas delivered Emma Watson pics"
"When I discovered Reddit isn't blocked at my summer job"
"I don't know why girls make such a big deal about it[slight NSFW]"
"Boo"
"This was common in China until 1949"
"I Love Chicken"
"Checkmate Christians!"
"english bulldog jumping in a pool"
"grampa no!"
"I wanted to see a picture of the Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction for a few years ago. Instead I found this..."
"Makin' my way downtown  walking fast  faces pass and I'm homebound"
"How I feel when I get a ship requisition token."
"I just remembered tomorrow is Labor Day"
"When people ask why I have a problem with religion."
"snail crossing"
"How I view my commute every morning"
"No  no there isn't."
"googled Ariel Atom  saw this in top 6 images...W T F"
"No. Nope. No"
"When I nope  you nope  we nope!"
"instant regret"
"Lava's in the air"
"How to destroy a Nokia"
"Ill just leave you right here Mr. Frozone."
"How long have you been there watching me?"
"My friend asked me to &quot;jailhack&quot; his iPod"
"Cute"
"I have a feeling that The Hobbit upvote gifs are going to become increasingly popular in the coming months..."
"In honor of our K9 friends on Veterans Day (pic)"
"Shoes for the whole village"
"&quot;There's plenty of fish in the sea  but this is what describes my relationships...&quot;"
"Butter: good  and good for you."
"Who's gonna get you from behind?"
"kittie collection album ~ dawww abound"
"alt remember this"
"&quot;What? Oh no. Just tyin' my shoe.&quot;"
"I ain't doin shit."
"The Reason I Never Feel Hungry After Going To The Supermarket..."
"&quot;He's right &quot; said Chester the Cheetah"
"Share The Load"
"Knocked the f**k out"
"HOLD THE TRAIN HOLD THE...."
"I'll show you papers tomorrow..."
"TFIF!"
"Never let me go..."
"He just needed a hug"
"I wonder what secrets that smile holds..."
"The MacBook Air's best feature (xpost from r/funny)"
"Taco"
"Happy First Contact Day! Only 51 years to go!"
"This is what it looks like when I start up Diablo III"
"New best friends"
"Visual Puns."
"I reread the comments on all of my posts"
"The force is strong with this one."
"Justin Beanber (x-post from WTF)"
"Justice"
"Right about now I wish there were snakes on this mother fucking plane"
"White people"
"I don't want to be apart of this generation anymore..."
"What's going on Patrick?"
"African fish eagle  a trout and an ice cube."
"Soon..."
"Life is hard"
"It's my Reddit birthday  so have a picture of a puppy wrapped in a tortilla."
"Talk about dog food!"
"Trying to get out of the friendzone."
"LOL look at this lady. . .(NSFW)"
"Eat Your Vegetables!"
"I see what you did there  Sheldon."
"What I feel like doing when someone pushes the already lit elevator button that I just pushed"
"How I feel downvoting another comment to raise mine to the top."
"For my cakeday  my favorite image ever"
"Mr Popularity"
"What's going on in my head when my gorgeous coworker walks by [NSFW]"
"9-11 cake. Tasteless"
"Interesting children's book title"
"Shit happens"
"I'll be right back....could you watch him for me?"
"Community is on today!!! Yay!!!!"
"Based Arcade Basketball God"
"Pizza delivery dog has no idea what he's doing."
"Fish helmet (pic)"
"Cheating Ain't Easy."
"End of the Earth."
"How I feel when someone reposts off me and gets more upvotes."
"Thor channeling some serious Nicolas Cage right here"
"Soon."
"It's time to grow up"
"I like hores"
"Please take one."
"If you enjoy eating out I highly recommend this place..."
"googled God of the Internet... wasn't disappointed"
"A giant ball of NOPE"
"The story of my existence"
"Which of these is not delicious?"
"Just bathing NBD"
"This little guy is suffering... Look at his face!"
"With friends like these. . ."
"a breastfeeding boat"
"Happy 4th"
"Wake me up again."
"Moscow Zoo"
"Too soon?"
"Ha! This is TOOO good"
"I have no idea what is going on here. However: Space Cats."
"Where the fuck do I sign up"
"Best camp ever."
"Megabat: Acerodon jubatus. Not sure if in awe or scared..."
"That's a big fucking bat! (Pteropus Vampyrus)"
"Pip pip!"
"Jolly Good!"
"Puppy Moustache"
"World seen by Norwegians"
"The world seen as a Norwegian?"
"The world seen from Norway"
"O_O"
"That's one way of catching them all."
"Someone really really really like their car (NSFW)"
"Trying to fly a jet in BF3."
"Swoosh."
"Parrot getting its hair brushed with a toothbrush"
"Successfully setup my printer!!"
"Congratulations!"
"Congratulations!"
"I have a feeling I didn't install my new printer correctly."
"hakuna matata!"
"Timon and Pumbaa?"
"This showed up in my newsfeed."
"Not sure if I've figured out reddit yet (fixed)"
"I cant look away."
"Go home pandora  you're drunk"
"Possibly the funniest TV show ever?"
"Analogous to watching your new posts on r/funny"
"I make gifs with old photos from the library of congress. Here's one. (link to more in comments)"
"Thirsty Elephant"
"kill it!"
"ITS NOT TAME YET!"
"How it feels trying to pee after sex"
"What's going on guys?"
"It's my cake-day  so I'd like to share with you the best gif on the entire Internet!"
"Hate it when this happens while playing beer pong"
"Weird but so true."
"I know the feeling  Spidey."
"When a link goes to the front page and the servers become overloaded and crash"
"Who eats this?"
"What I show people when they tell me the Matrix doesn't exist"
"Never obsolete!"
"Turtle turtle turtle"
"My new favorite sports fan..."
"The best part about surfing Reddit on Alien Blue"
"cutlery dispute"
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his pet cat"
"Madonna just needs to stop already..."
"Found any shopped images in reddit lately? Now there's a place to put them up - /r/PhotoEdited/"
"Home Depot is just so helpful"
"Meet American Alex Honnold  the foremost free soloist in the world  a man so mellow you might think he is stoned  but who has done some of the most extreme free solos in the history of climbing. Here Honnold climbs the 600 metre high Half Dome in California’s Yosemite Valley [1024x682]"
"Alex Honnold observing the landscape of Yosemite [1024x683]"
"How is THIS possible? [ fixed ]"
"Found this on Tumblr."
"Relationship problems..."
"I'm not sure what I just saw"
"How I feel reaching 100 up votes....."
"I don't think I'd wear this dress....."
"A tiny cannon blowing up a beer bottle"
"very wise words from a very smart man."
"Some vintage adrenaline. Acrobats balance on top of the Empire State Building [813x1024]"
"Too Fat for Fun"
"Your favorite Nintendo DS RPGs?"
"Say Ah. Ahhhhh!"
"So  this just appeared on my news feed"
"One Mega Bite"
"Every time I get into the shower with my wife"
"I have a new found respect for Rowan Atkinson (Mr. Bean)"
"How my wallet feels when the Steam sale finally doesn't have something I want."
"How to brush your teeth like a man."
"That's How A Real Man Does It."
"Nextflix with Bloosport 4  and not 1 2 or 3."
"First link I remember clicking on Reddit. I knew I was gonna be here for a long here time."
"Just some wanna-be musician hanging out in Minneapolis in the early 70s."
"Probably the best thing I've seen ever"
"Dogs Jump Roping"
"but I did it because I like you"
"When being sent to the penalty box isn't enough."
"Whenever I see one of your goddamn spider pictures"
"How I feel on a blind date"
"How I feel as a 30 year old returning to college.."
"Black Ezio"
"Zach Braff on sport"
"Im Done With Easter...."
"kittens"
"Reddit when I have a paper due tomorrow"
"Dont Lie  you'd so watch this."
"I know I'd watch this..."
"Having achieved my first full year on Reddit  I feel this sums up my relationship with you guys."
"Delicious Cheerleader OMNOMNOM"
"Entry - Exit"
"Low five!"
"The mortified punter"
"OH FUCK YES!"
"Public Pleasure"
"Nickelback Superfan"
"RETARDS LOL!"
"Blink"
"Come at me  BITCH"
"1...2...3...FIGHT (FIXED)"
"Guile's Theme..."
"What i imagine everytime i see a fight"
"Hope I'm doing this right - [first post here]"
"Welp... I guess that's that"
"I own your soul"
"BUSTED!!"
"Busted"
"Made this after a friend didn't believe so many Pixar films were in the IMDB top 250"
"Poor Jorge"
"Corgi catching snowball in slow motion [gif]"
"The most beautiful storm cloud you will ever see (photog: Camille Seaman)"
"Hi diddly ho  neighborino!"
"Puppy kitty combo 3"
"Peta Kills Animals"
"1GB  then and now."
"Thanksgiving on Sesame Street"
"That's why you don't let Dad buy Halloween costumes."
"Feel the adrenaline"
"The trooper"
"Info regarding you.....Mind=Blown"
"Teddy Roosevelt - Like a BOSS"
"Awesome Blastoise"
"Being a police offficer."
"Our time to shine Reddit! Lets get this out there"
"I think we all know who the ignorant one is..."
"Best description that I've seen of today's bigotry celebration at Chic-Fil-A."
"Oh  the irony"
"Troll dad level 1000"
"HOMIE  IT'S ONLY 15 MINS"
"I got a gem in the FB feed today."
"Success: the [FB] coincidence."
"My friends here in Louisiana have mixed views on gun control. [FB]"
"And now  I present to you...uh...this!"
"Not right now. Batman is busy!"
"Batman on sundays"
"Ohh! Ohh! Pick me!"
"Raise your hand if you're cute."
"Golden Hoof Gun Heels."
"I wondered why people in the bathroom were shouting GOOOAAALLL!!! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Don't you  Squidward?"
"3d is lifelike...that makes sense.."
"Personally I think she's telling the truth..."
"Uh  BS  Much?"
"i request a sequel. right. the fuck. now. ........................ please?"
"Exact portrayal of how I learned to roll a joint."
"Was waiting for the Blue Moon to rise over Las Vegas yesterday  then this happened."
"Stalin: The original hipster"
"Stalin: Turns out he looked quite like a hipster"
"Ancient World Problems"
"Man is recovering from a modern-day case of Bubonic Plague"
"In elementary school  this was the shit. [Fixed] [Fixed] (for the slightly older crowd)"
"Loki likes spaghetti"
"Makes as much sense as Creationism (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Some people may enjoy dubstep a little TOO much."
"Don't eat the eggs!!!"
"Sadimir Poutin'"
"The Evolution of the Human Species"
"He does this every time!"
"The Difference Between Cats and Dogs"
"How I picture any executives on Reddit..."
"Cookie you racist"
"Word on the playground was that if you drank 5 in a row  your heart would explode...."
"When I have an awesome sexdream and someone or something is interrupting it"
"I kinda agree"
"With all the political social media  men's humor gets it right."
"My friend's tweets around Christmas"
"Ken Jennings to do an AMA"
"Looks like Anna Kendrick has been on r/gonewild (SFW)"
"Are these really appropriate for children?"
"Fuck birthday cake... Make a bacon turtle!"
"How to give a 7 year-old a panic attack."
"All I could think of when I saw this."
"Where do you keep your Pokeballs? (x-post from r/pokemon)"
"I've always wondered.."
"Gives the term &quot;eating out&quot; a whole new meaning..."
"Hospital food"
"Snoop Dog makes dreams come true"
"Oil on canvas - African revolutionary army."
"Fatcat is fat"
"Cats are Jerks"
"Cats love it!"
"Unicat."
"Perfect Kick"
"Happy Halloween"
"Happy 4th  Reddit. I give you the greatest American presidents."
"Happy 'merica Day."
"America."
"oh  just standing around..."
"How it goes when I try to get a successful post for my cake day..."
"I see your Online gaming 1998 and raise you 1999"
"Mark it zero."
"The Simpsons Show Us Why iPhone Users Are So Excited"
"How people acted for the new iPhone."
"home alone in paris"
"How I felt after finally getting an invite to Google+"
"Soon...."
"How I feel now that its my cakeday"
"Yo dawg..."
"Made it to the front page"
"How I feel as a South African redditor"
"Third World Success - Kony"
"Gaben breaks it down."
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"Gotta learn how to do that!"
"Might even be cuter than a cat"
"bitches love sonnets"
"You Didn't know they could type."
"What happens to my comment on Reddit when I think it's witty."
"Seems legit"
"hahahah"
"My first time having sex [SFW]"
"My favorite picture of all time."
"So close!"
"The original Pedobear"
"Batman vs. darth vader"
"Big spider"
"no.1 thing i see on reedit gaming"
"she was cold and tired..."
"Canada First World Problem: Texting"
"Steam Summer Sale FWP"
"The most wonderful Iron Man Photoshop I have ever seen."
"I thought you said Bugs Bunny was just a FRIEND &lt;/3"
"I can't wait to see these pictures."
"Got this in an email from my Gran."
"Look what I didn't find in my backyard! (pic)"
"Just Steve  Will and Reggie."
"This may not be the best way to describe yourself.."
"&quot;The Black Barbie&quot;"
"Seems Legit"
"Giant balls..."
"Close up of a peacock feather"
"Sl-Enderman drawing i made(with photoshop cs3) what do you guys think?"
"When the package I've been waiting for finally comes"
"No dogs allowed...:P"
"Saw this  thought R/athiesm would get a giggle. I know I did."
"Every time My mum uses the computer"
"Google suggestions short and to the point"
"As a guy  this is the first thing I do after school."
"What I think every time I open a super long rage comic/facebook/self post."
"No thanks!"
"T I M B E R R R R"
"I bet he regrets this"
"How to fund NASA"
"Sexy Bunny goes on and on and on"
"What I think of whenever I hear about kids' beauty pageants"
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Texas Tan Lines"
"No  but for real. How does it feel to be a cat?"
"First world problem - Solved"
"Soon..."
"A Detailed Comparison"
"Common consent"
"facebook you vs. real you"
"They've got curved fruit...Curved. Fruit."
"how to make a door (x-post from r/funny)"
"The fate of most posts"
"Michael Bay Presents: Le Tour de France"
"This is crazy..."
"Like a boss"
"A nice little spot in florida"
"Another reason why Aquaman is so lame"
"My boss has been attaching a bunch of these to the end of his emails the entire week..."
"I can't hear you"
"And that's terrible"
"Mother and son"
"I'm not calling you in again son"
"A handful of karma"
"Thug Life"
"Guile's Theme + Elmo Pooping"
"How I poop when I realize I can see the TV from the toilet in my new house."
"My Little Pony....."
"What would most likely happen if Jesus did return"
"Why Batman beats Jesus."
"When 4Chan attacks 9GAG..."
"Hitler on a snow sleigh"
"Heart kitty"
"Collection of some cars I saw this week."
"Amazing Behind The Scene Photos of Famous Hits [From Inception to Start Wars]"
"Conserving Heat [PIC]"
"Manute and Spud: Different Worlds"
"good comic!"
"Who needs a iPod when you have a boombox?"
"This is how I feel when I hear people talking about Christmas already"
"Put that stupid tongue back  Jerry"
"Jell-O!"
"baby donkey"
"Dog vs kitten"
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Beer!"
"Warhammer"
"Have you let Raptor Jesus into your heart and into your life?"
"Safety first"
"Just a good Counter"
"why Unicorns went extinct"
"Make a fist and point it at the center. Now it looks like the stars are whizzing by faster."
"Dat ass (NSFW)"
"Indeed. slightly NSFW"
"The first hit after a long day of work [7]"
"Giving them the slip."
"It wasn't his day"
"Manga quotes you should know"
"Surreal Photo Shows 'Belt of Venus' in Pink Sky"
"Google  you never fail to impress"
"Google's got my back"
"how I feel after posting in r/malefashionadvice"
"The cutest pig climbing into a hand!!!!"
"How I feel today. [SFL]"
"Chemistry puns you say?"
"Occupy the Atom"
"How I feel browsing r/Poop"
"Kyle ain't messin around"
"Breathtaking flower-covered walkway"
"Doors? Where we're going we don't need doors!"
"Canadian infant fights Spiderman"
"Now im never late for work"
"How I will feel on Halloween"
"When I repost something by mistake"
"How I feel when...uh...oh  I give up."
"Im fabulous"
"so you think you can dance"
"When your crush likes one of your photos"
"this popped up in my Newsfeed"
"That look..."
"The Temple of Sky (Iceland)"
"Found on my newsfeed."
"I Deer you!!!"
"6 screens setup [XPOST from /r/battlestations]"
"[HIFW] I make a clever comment on Reddit."
"Eating caviar in the middle of Zuccotti Park during Occupy Wall Street"
"The story so far..."
"The story of Fort Friendship - Steam Summer Camp Day 10"
"The Story of Fort Friendship"
"Steam Summer Sale Backgrounds from Day 1 to Day 11 into one GiF! Enjoy"
"/b/ likes Pokemon too!"
"I knew I was small compared to the universe...but damn!"
"Appropriate response to emergencies (repost)"
"If you see someone drowning . . ."
"Laughter is the best solution"
"To Paul Ryan and his speech"
"When I walk into a room with important news  and totally forget what I was going to say."
"My reaction to NSFW posts with Asian girls"
"Manicorn"
"What the fuck am I looking at? (slightly nsfw)"
"There there  Bob Ross."
"Elevator Gold"
"Sooo....fluffy...."
"Helicopter"
"Beauty and the... wait  what?"
"Dance Moves"
"Donald Duck stares into your soul"
"White people"
"Dancing to Kanye."
"Booty Cup Flip"
"In your dreams"
"Disposable cameras"
"Aquarium scuba diving"
"My favorite Radiobread song"
"Marriage institution has rich history!!"
"Which biblical marriage?"
"Traditional Marriage  according to the bible."
"because fuck nature."
"Is that so?"
"Been sitting here at a [6] for an hour and can't solve this damn thing.. any other ents with me?"
"The KKK Having Fun!"
"having a bad day? not anymore."
"Saving this for a good reddit flame war"
"Me this morning when I had 2 cups of coffee and there's no toilet paper in the house"
"Best reaction to a zombie  ever..."
"Downvoting a rising link on /r/new"
"My friend Ali's creation of the morning."
"Gets me every time"
"This deserves to be on r/trees (x-post from r/funny)"
"When someone in the other room mentions food."
"I found the problem"
"She hated them before it was cool.."
"Oh well he is Lefty"
"Toad face fucking a fish."
"Shut the fuck up"
"I want one."
"you can have fun anywhere."
"Aspergers"
"Ink in water"
"Ladies and gentlemen  I present the gorgeous Emma Watson NSFW"
"Possible repost/photoshop  but idc Emma Watson is way to attractive (NSFW)"
"nomnomnomnom"
"True Love"
"MOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!"
"You're not kidding?! I can really has!"
"Geeky TV-shows"
"How I feel when I'm at work on the weekend ..."
"MLK inception"
"No Ball Playing Allowed"
"Alright! Who's job is it to proofread these damn things?"
"I'm ready for the zombie apocalypse"
"You don't even know!! (Sorry if repost)"
"Overly Attached Jam Lover"
"If we don't have flying cars in 7 years I think I am going to kick Ridley Scotts ass!"
"If It Fits  I S...uh...well...hang on."
"Knock Knock"
"*Knock Knock* Who's there motherfucker?"
"*Knock Knock* Who's there motherfucker?"
"The defense of 49-"
"The Moon Over Cordoba  Spain"
"Yeah I'm sure it was a great costume in your day mom  but I don't think it would go over to well now"
"Mohammed looks in a mirror"
"it's me! it's me! wtf?"
"Jesus is a lightweight"
"Well.. it made me laugh"
"Crunchy Nut Doritos  as packaged by Japan"
"That feeling..."
"Now its more dramatic than scary"
"Horse Hugs Human [FIXED]"
"Have you ever wondered  &quot;Do ducks play Guitar Hero?&quot;"
"When math needs to be done"
"FUCK THE LOLLIPOP JUST HAND ME SOME WHISKEY"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are"
"Sad story"
"My mom today..."
"First one is gorgeous! Second one is hot! Third on is... ಠ_ಠ"
"Trying to walk after eating an edible (XPost)"
"Who could be grumpy at a face like that?"
"I love that this happened"
"&quot;Historically Hardcore&quot; brought to you by the Smithsonian."
"Who the man?"
"Watch your step lady"
"Proof of evolution"
"parenting 101"
"When somebody points at something on my computer by touching it with their greesy finger."
"Funniest gif EVER"
"DJ Whiskers"
"DJ Whiskers. [x-post r/gifs]"
"For my cake day  have my favorite cat gif ever!"
"Howl's Moving...House."
"Steampunk Motorhome"
"American Gandhi"
"Pure awesome"
"Australia - where even the tornados are on fire"
"Wtf Japan..."
"Just found this baby polar bear getting tickled"
"Ok Mr. Treadmill  you talked me out of it. Thanks"
"Pic from Hubble - Makes my head hurt thinking about how many galaxies and stars are out there! [Source - BBC Website  link in comments]"
"Weightlifting plus gymnastics"
"I made something for you  r/atheism. Something I've thought about for a while."
"Stunning Flower Field"
"Conception"
"Got bad lag?"
"Heart rate: Rising."
"The mystical game genie"
"This needs to be here.. too damn cute"
"Opening an unmarked NSFW link in class."
"4chan and 9gag's relationship."
"Too soon?"
"The real angry bird"
"my favorite bed time story."
"Spiderman's a pimp"
"This is what it feels like waiting for my lunch break."
"What it's like being friends with a Redditor"
"Soooo Metal..."
"FREEDOM!!!"
"Prison Break"
"STAHP"
"How my allergies greeted me this morning"
"Mario Kart IRL"
"This guy really doesn't care about the size of your jeans"
"Remember kids: always check your recliners for ferrets."
"Not sure if aww or eww..."
"Is it wrong that I laughed?"
"Too hot? Swimming with Portals"
"Poor Spongebob"
"When &quot;Cool&quot; is typed into Google images."
"baby elephant seal on a South Georgia beach"
"Do as the sign says!"
"How I feel after getting a haircut for the first time in months."
"When my cakeday goes bad..."
"My face when my parents told me I was too old to enjoy the water park with them and my younger sister so I had to stay home."
"My face when my friends make plans without inviting me"
"When I realize my cake day was 13 days ago"
"I think I forgot to stop my stopwatch..."
"How I feel when I see my comment is popular and upvoted in a thread...."
"You might be mistaken"
"Photobomb level: Dog balls"
"I saw it and knew it was for you Reddit..."
"As an educated person  this is how I feel around my small town of idiots"
"&quot;OH GOD  DID YOU JUST SHIT ON ME?&quot;"
"Marijuana. Harmless?"
"Neil DeGrasse Tyson on blue moons and presidential elections  everyone."
"No Fap Week  day one."
"My gambling addiction started here"
"Meth kicks ass!"
"Would not recommend"
"I spent 3 hours on this. I can't do it. So  your turn to suffer. Identify all of them."
"How ice cream sandwiches are made (x-post r/gifs)"
"I think they're friends"
"How I feel about all of your Halloween costumes."
"My reaction to Trapped_In_Reddit being exposed"
"How I feel whenever it's someone's cakeday."
"when you see it.."
"When you see it...."
"Door to door atheism"
"Judgmental cat"
"Been waitin for you"
"Awesome wave photo"
"One more thing I didn't know about cats."
"So True..."
"Made me chuckle  thought you guys would like this."
"Religion is like a penis....."
"Religion is like a penis!"
"I think I know where Daddy is..."
"How?"
"How it feels getting a job and having $300 in my checking account after being unemployed for 5 months"
"[SLPT] Tired of being poor? Be rich  instead  ya big dummy!"
"How I feel on other cakedays vs. my own"
"how reddit responds to all of my posts"
"How to disable a woman (xpost from r/4chan)"
"Half of r/gaming in a nutshell"
"I wish my parties were this fun..."
"Ordinary Batman Adventures"
"Plitvice  Croatia [900 x 589] (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Shut your mouth before I fuck it [NSFW]"
"Becoming an atheist"
"How I feel on Friday."
"My body is ready."
"New Age exercising..."
"Once in a lifetime"
"I laughed way too hard at this."
"Nope...Nope...Nope..Call in the Nuke Strike"
"&quot;Stop Eating My Strawberry Cake!&quot;"
"Oh  to be a teenager again."
"I'm just gonna leave this.. right.. there.."
"Seems legit"
"Macbook pro."
"My New Computer"
"Apple iMac really taking off in Africa."
"Silly Carol..."
"How I feel watching the Hurricane close in"
"If there were one good reason to do meth...this is it"
"How Do They Do It?"
"SivHD on League of Legends Meta"
"What I think of Snooki having her first child  Lorenzo Dominic LaValle."
"Boner Plane?"
"This guy is having the worst day ever!"
"Biggest Camel Spider in the World"
"Long Live the King"
"Photobombing master"
"avatar 2"
"Adventuring!"
"Screw you mammals  I'm flying home"
"No  no it wasn't."
"But dad  I'm ashamed."
"CuntCakes."
"Creed Bratton on homosexuality"
"Whenever someone makes the front page with a post about them making it to the front page"
"Went to wedding  met guy  talked and flirted with guy for 5 HOURS  find out said guy is engaged at end of night..."
"My cat is very &quot;special.&quot;"
"Is there such a thing?"
"Thank you to all my fans"
"Aww  look at the cute little.... wait what?"
"How I feel with my black friends"
"Photobomb level: novice"
"AOL and Windows 8"
"Lord have mercy"
"Germany.jpg"
"Auction (X-Post from /r/funny"
"wut?"
"man and the moon"
"Probably the best Post I've seen in a while."
"Cooler hair  bro"
"A three dimensional image of a... wha?"
"Taking the first step from religion  the leaving the safety you feel  for the freedom you will find..."
"Aliens"
"In case you ever wondered how."
"The Subway  Zion National Park  Utah"
"Venom emerging from a tennis ball.jpg"
"My 11 year old Border Collie/Aussie still goin' strong....and a cat for the karma"
"sorry  we do not have a microwave available to guests..."
"MFW I found out the company I want to work for doesn't drug test"
"I want one"
"Whenever someone disagrees with me on here"
"Little Dinosaurs"
"complete 180"
"Rock you like a hurricane"
"This image belongs here  right?"
"I Googled &quot; Oh my God what the fuck&quot;"
"Handyman"
"This just keeps getting better and better"
"Reddit  honey  I left my purse in the car. Would you mind grabbing it for me?"
"YEAH I'M THE CHAMP...WHARGGARBLL"
"This meme."
"This popped up on my FB feed"
"R-Money just dropped his new album"
"R-Money just keepin' it real"
"Only in america is eating a solid block of cheddar cheese in public acceptable"
"What did I TELL you about giving me DUCKS?! [PIC]"
"Continental awesome"
"WWTF?"
"Damnit. Jesus does it again"
"And I thought space would be scary"
"An Unconventional Friendship"
"Me trying to find my classes first day of college"
"How I felt when I moved into my new apartment only to discover I had a cute neighbour."
"Not sure if cute... Or if animal cruelty..."
"Okcupid's reaction to Adblockers"
"Pretty Much [FIXED]"
"Feck'd it! German Diver Stephan Feck Completes Worst Dive Ever in Olympic Competition"
"Nailed It!"
"Say whaat? Bitch be trippin"
"Natures Chillest Motherfuckers"
"When I Wake Up On A Cold Winter Morning In My Warm Bed"
"That Feel...."
"How it feels to downvote new posts"
"Life summed up in one gif"
"Opposite day [pic]"
"First one home wins..."
"Extra Credit..."
"Took the instructions too literally"
"Taking homework too seriously."
"Muffins!"
"Muffins  are you done?"
"YEEEEEEEEEEEE MUFFFFFINNNSSS"
"This is the Columbus  Ohio family that just had the sixtuplets  this picture is priceless!"
"Big dog"
"Clever cab driver..."
"Me  when I'm saying the Pledge of Allegiance  during the &quot;under god&quot; part."
"Asian commercials are awesome"
"I don't understand  banana man"
"WTF did I just find?"
"It may be awhile before I can eat a banana again... [gif]"
"This belongs here."
"Bananas are amazing"
"Asian Robin Hood of Bananas... Still A Better Myth Story Then The Bible..."
"What the fuck Japan!"
"Bought Halo:CE Anniversary today  and have only one question..."
"The World Is Out To Get You"
"University"
"Hadrian's Wall"
"Heath Ledger skateboarding over Christian Bale on the set of The Dark Knight"
"Heath Ledger skate boarding over Christian Bale while they take a break on set of TDKR"
"&quot;What is the best way to stop your child from becoming an atheist?&quot;"
"Science."
"Damn scientists....."
"SubMan"
"How I feel whenever I drive pass a cop outside of their jurisdiction."
"When I Found Out I Had More Karma Than This Kid I Absolutely Despise"
"Every time one of my posts gets it's first downvote."
"How I feel when people cry that something has already been posted."
"TIL a young Stalin might have fit right in in Brooklyn."
"Kool Aid: Origins"
"An elder coworker quoted Hank Hill"
"Poor T-Rex"
"Finally!"
"Neandarthallica"
"So much awesome! Beach sunset"
"Maybe it's just me  but this is how the whole shitty_watercolor thing has been for me."
"how to get upvotes on reddit."
"This describes how i feel when i get lots of karma very accurately."
"Pile of upvotes with cheese and salsa."
"Shit tigger"
"Pooh telling it like it is"
"I thought it belongs here ..."
"Get well soon!"
"Get well soon."
"Get well soon..."
"uhhh. wtf?"
"View from the Window at Le Gras  first photo ever taken. by Nicéphore Niépce"
"New job. They're already pulling this crap."
"Guess what today is"
"When someone beats my high score on Tetris"
"How I feel after spending 5 minutes on /r/atheism"
"How i feel browsing r/all and seeing gw posts during no fap september"
"When you're seriously trying to watch something and your whole family decides to have a competition to see who can be the loudest."
"All I wanted to do during the exam I definitely failed this morning"
"Anytime you're afraid a superhero movie will be horrible  just think that it cannot possibly be worse than this"
"If you can read this  turn me over."
"How every other country thinks America promotes freedom."
"Dude..."
"No more fore skin."
"How To Make Chocolate Milk"
"(NSFW) (NSFL)"
"Lose a Cat?"
"&quot;Pardon me sir? Did you lose a cat?&quot;"
"&quot;Pardon me sir? Did you lose a cat?&quot;"
"Can we keepz the Kitty?"
"everytime i hear/read something from neil tyson"
"Most universal gif ever."
"one of my favorite .gifs = mind blown"
"My reaction after learning there is no such thing as &quot;nothing&quot;"
"Just watched Tucker &amp; Dale vs. Evil thanks to a reddit suggestion"
"Good ol' Canada"
"Dashing through the snow"
"Whats going on here?"
"I'm going to put this on a billboard with some money I've recently been given."
"Skull-head monkeys riding laser ass powered flying zebras."
"I'll just leave this here."
"Puppy Pajamas"
"What the Title Says - A cow photobombing a horse stuck in a fence"
"OH HAI! -- cow photobombing a horse"
"I can't describe this"
"They probably don't even know (via r/funnysigns)"
"Baby octopi."
"breaking story from Fox News - Arkansas has been renamed Missouri  and Alabama and Mississippi switched places overnight."
"I come home and my dog won't stop being gay."
"I think my dog is suspect..."
"WHY U LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT?"
"my faggot dog"
"When you go out to a fancy dinner and get the bill."
"Sneaky Kitty"
"Stealth Combat Kitty"
"Mom  drive me to Hot Topic."
"Otterly Sexy."
"I heard the Joker got away  too."
"How I imagine the leader of the anti-Semitic party in Hungary felt after he discovered he is Jewish [FIXED]"
"Best parents... EVER."
"all the cute belong to these two"
"Just some baby platypi"
"I see your Otter and raise you baby Platypuses"
"Baby Platypussies"
"Eye drop"
"Productivity vs. Friday"
"How I felt  Its my cake day  I tried to whore my dog for karma and I failed"
"Votare por Romney he is my amigo."
"just.... just  so fresh"
"I got a BIG piece of chicken!!!"
"I got a BIG piece of chicken!!!"
"Best office tool ever"
"West Virginian Pride"
"Proud."
"I stood here for a while this morning; nothing happened."
"Has this worked for anyone?"
"Finally Figured Out Why That Homeless Man Stood In The Same Spot Every Morning"
"I Stood Here For A While  Nothing Happened…"
"Soon..."
"How Coachella.com picked people from standby to buy tickets"
"That crap made the front page!?"
"When I pass a test I didn't study for..."
"What I imagine getting to the front page must feel like."
"River and the Atlantic in the Faroes"
"Has anyone EVER clicked this checkbox on Craigslist? Is it some kind of inside joke?"
"Question #2 Are you male or female? I think I got it right."
"Rather amusing coincidence I must say."
"Some Families are Weirder than Others (NSFWish)"
"Probably the weirdest family photo ever."
"Today is mother's day. Only one person has remembered is also my birthday."
"I just moved on my birthday  have no friends  family  or trees. This is pretty much me right now."
"shark swimming on street in Jersey Shore"
"So I just took a picture of my cat.."
"So I just took a picture of my cat.."
"DAT ASS!"
"Obama for president"
"A World Like This Would Be Pretty Awesome"
"The ball represents productivity  and Gumby is a strong indica."
"When someone tries to show me something I seen on Reddit months ago"
"He don't like basketball"
"Gumby's pissed"
"Whenever I see reposts in r/new..."
"Teenage Mutant Halloween"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!"
"As a fan of Bacon  this helps me appreciate art."
"How I feel about Reddit's recent man-crush on ridiculously photogenic guy"
"Oh the irony"
"Emma Watson makes from page?"
"When my friends and me play charades drunk."
"apple and nature"
"I know who's going to take the Hostess collapse the hardest..."
"Me when I see thumbnail pics of girls at the beach on my Facebook feed."
"&quot;I'm sexy and I know it&quot;"
"Get well soon"
"Get well soon"
"Hungry Hungry... (fill in the blank)"
"When you find your sibling looking through your internet history."
"a million times nope"
"First time trying anal..."
"My little brother wants to make a reddit account..."
"Snuggles"
"Oh hell... couldn't be more true."
"Bison knocks over a weaker bison so the wolves can get it. [gif]"
"An accurate depiction of a repost getting more karma than the original"
"Aww  don't be sad!"
"How I imagine r/creepshots"
"There’s a hidden stack of pancakes on the $5... Every argument ever is invalid."
"I'm pretty sure we all know who's great grandfather this is."
"Ragtime Cat"
"Found this on accident. Sorry if repost but I've never seen it and laughed my ass off."
"This is probably old  but it's how my summer is starting to look"
"imgur roulette .. awww"
"''music''"
"Going for a Ride"
"The London Look."
"I see your Slurpee bucket and raise you a Slurpee shell pool"
"BYO Cup Day? I think so!"
"What a real cup looks like at slurpee day"
"So they had a BYO slurpee cup at 7/11 (fixed)"
"I see your bring your own cup to 7/11  and raise you this:"
"You think that's an impressive slurpee cup? I present to you the KING of slurpee cups."
"I see your slurpee bucket  and raise you a slurpee..."
"Not my cat  but still cute"
"Whenever someone posts a picture of their cat.."
"Lube choice: One of life's most important decisions."
"Me scusi  me scusi!"
"There IS hope for the future..."
"Pijeon"
"Cats aren't the only ones that don't give a fuck"
"No Fucks Given.."
"Every time people tell me to get a better job"
"Oh  get a job  Mom?"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1998 (Fixed)"
"Now THIS one breaks joysticks"
"This destroyed a lot more N64 joysticks"
"The end is nigh"
"Cheer up."
"When your friend introduces you to someone and then leaves to take a call [x-post /r/reactiongifs]"
"How I feel getting up early on a Monday morning"
"This makes me so sad!"
"When someone asks me if I'm going to get the new iPhone [FIXED]"
"Dog crossing the street..."
"Forever alone my ass!"
"Trying to take off your shirt when you're sweaty"
"My Cake Day: After a year on REDDIT"
"When I'm the carry and show up at a team fight"
"How I feel after my first week of my Junior year of college as an EE student...[REPOST]"
"You did NOT just fucking do what I think you just did? [NSFL]"
"Love how he stares at him"
"Animals are judgemental too."
"Cell Phones and Parties"
"Cake Day! Am I doing it right?"
"Is this appropriate for my cakeday?"
"Every Redditor on their cake day."
"How I feel today trying to follow the Higgs boson stuff."
"I've reached the end of the internet."
"Goats are like mushrooms..."
"A Guide to Looking Snazzy in a Suit"
"Player 3 Has Entered"
"Incominggg... [gif]"
"Chris Brown's new tattoo"
"X-Post from /r/HistoryPorn. Bombs raining down on Kobe during the Second World War. [1498 × 1969]"
"Drunk Me at a Club"
"Scumbag Link."
"This is an outrageous double standard!"
"I refuse to believe this wasn't intentional"
"There's something surprisingly abnormal about Shia Le Bouef."
"Family photo level: reddit"
"Nyquil"
"Golden Husky Mix"
"I just realized it is my cake day"
"Surprise somersault pussy eating [NSFW]"
"Litlanesfoss  Iceland"
"So long sucker!"
"funny monkey"
"Quite possibly my favorite line from any movie."
"Cute Explosion 2 - Newborn Polar Bear"
"Just a baby polar bear."
"After seeing reposts of the top gifs on Reddit."
"When a girl reaches for something and I notice they haven't shaved their pits in a couple days..."
"When I get down voted even though I know the answer"
"What's Up?"
"Tryin' to catch him ridin' dirty."
"Me on reddit after my first successful post."
"What I'm doing to people who comment on my surprisingly active post."
"Destroying your ex's property is NOT something to be proud of"
"This is why trampolines are dangerous"
"How I feel immediately after using hand lotion"
"Not every man..."
"Not every man wants to be the fastest in the world"
"Well Played  Durex"
"this must be how poker face started"
"Forever Alone"
"llama humping llama humping llama....look a dog!"
"OHMYGODABALLLLL"
"Trying to please other people on the internet"
"Best balloon animal ever?"
"The balloon T-Rex"
"Best balloon animal ever?"
"Before / After"
"If a snake attacks you  just slap it"
"An honest mistake"
"Metal at its finest"
"Sin B/Tan B"
"Beezow Doo Doo Zopitty bop Bop Bop MATH!"
"Can someone explain this to me?"
"Universal trip to our homeplace"
"Look here...Everything the light touches is our Kingdom"
"The Lion King"
"Dat Pub"
"Every time I post something awesome but gets no upvotes...."
"My Reaction When Getting A Few Upvotes Then Many Downvotes"
"Well o.O"
"What a nice picture."
"Instantaneous Cure!"
"How I feel seeing a repost reach the front page"
"How I feel when somebody makes the front page with a TIL that I already knew."
"How I feel when a TIL is on something I already know."
"Strange Google Street View Findings"
"I remember this gif being more popular in the old steam days"
"I can't stop watching this."
"No contest"
"Me  letting in the delivery man with my new TV"
"Danse macabre"
"I really don't know if I could handle this."
"Get scared sh*tless while taking a dump."
"forever a moon"
"Still my favorite picture from space..."
"Said the moon."
"Dominance"
"The Twisted Firestarter"
"hmmm..."
"Two years ago I was going to be a youth minister. Now  I'm going for astrophysicist and I have this man to thank."
"Tree-Butt"
"My reaction to hearing I failed a course I didn't care about"
"Someone asked me what I thought about the Superbowl today. This sums it up. (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Looking through pictures I'd saved over the years  found this..."
"chewy... what the hell are you doing..."
"Just chewy fighting nazis on a squirrel"
"So I heard Snoop Dogg became Snoop Lion..."
"Sometimes  to become a lion  you must first become a dogg..."
"Snoopimorphs"
"So this popped up in my newsfeed."
"You will never be as Awesome as this man"
"This is not a repost."
"What I imagine reddit meetups look like"
"Dear NASA..."
"galactic burn"
"When I forget to bring my phone into the bathroom with me there is only one solution"
"Dog blowjob + turkey"
"It's nice to know that those in other countries are happy with what they have."
"Some pencil art"
"A More Civilized Age"
"I think I'll choose another pack"
"started doing this in my office chair as soon as it came up on Pandora."
"She makes me feel alright."
"Jay and Silent Bob pwn Afro Circus"
"Is there a highres version of this gif?"
"Does anyone else automatically attribute sound effects to silent gifs?"
"Scumbag Cellphone"
"Shouldn't this guy be covered in downvotes?"
"too damn high!"
"Starting a new political party. The Temperature is Too Damn High Party [moved to imgur]"
"My thoughts on TDKR"
"I understand the irony of posting this but for some reason today..."
"I'm telling you  dude!"
"Thanks  Jesus."
"It's all a matter of pronunciation."
"Thanks  Jesus!"
"This will always be my favorite repost"
"Thanks Jesus!"
"Cat(s)"
"&quot;Trolls&quot; nowadays"
"Whenever I picture a troll..."
"When my girlfriend says &quot;We need to talk&quot;"
"Deal with it"
"Some photos just don't need any explanation  just simply WTF."
"Bow to the master"
"It's a trap!"
"ALL THE FEELS!"
"Cutest Yawn..so so cute."
"Thirsty Cat"
"Don't move! Its vision is based on movement"
"Crappy Taxidermy!"
"Crappy Taxidermy [Album]"
"Terrible Taxidermy [Album]"
"Drink yo Ice-T"
"Ice T"
"Lightstorm"
"How I feel when my internet doesn't work"
"aaaaand BOOM !"
"Can't...stop...watching!"
"I feel the Dark Knight was just a tribute of this"
"Attack of the Cage"
"Nicholas cage... Deal with it."
"HOLY MOTHERFUCKING SHIT!!!!"
"Not a big fan of sesame street"
"What the... I can't..."
"Was playing today when this happened.."
"Amazingly  perfect shot of my friend skydiving into Burning Man this year"
"Hitchcock: The Master of Suspense"
"Not sure if repost"
"WOAH OH OH AH AH AH AAAA HA AH AH AH"
"Just chillin' at the pool"
"Fuck your cups"
"dafuq is this shit?"
"He's a good drummer"
"All cats play the same way.."
"benny ball"
"I'm seeing too many non-WTF posts. Let's bring this subreddit back to its roots again."
"Remember when r/WTF had that wonderful renaissance a couple of months back? Yeah  me too. That was nice."
"Will someone please explain this shit? I'm both frightened and confused"
"milk pour"
"Da faq"
"Come on man I said get in!!"
"Every time I get on r/funny. Never fails."
"Europe!"
"So tomorrow is Friday the 13th"
"Hilarious Update on Snooki's Pregnancy!"
"Oh  it's international women's day today?"
"My response to Adam Sessler leaving G4"
"I see your ____  and raise you a ____."
"I don't know why Reddit suddenly became obsessed with ladybug sex  but here's how I feel on the matter..."
"Just found a puppy outside my house!"
"&quot;How I felt when I got my first upvote/downvote&quot;"
"As a person who wakes up at 2 AM everyday for work  and I see people complaining about going to school at 8AM and work at 7AM..."
"My roommate and I were the only guys at a party."
"Fuck yeah Dad"
"Just some fun at the safari"
"Father-Son bonding"
"I would feel like Han Solo driving the Millenium Falcon everywhere i went."
"Too Soon???? Finally  a Facebook post about Whitney Houston I can appreciate."
"Pretty much me this entire steam summer sale"
"A lesson in Dougie"
"How I Felt At the Kentucky Academy of Science (KAS) Meeting"
"slight misuse of force push"
"Duck transformers!"
"My first ever PC game  and hands down my favorite RTS game of all time."
"Every bite you take...."
"How I imagine the police in America [Fixed]"
"Every time Reddit discovers a new meme."
"What is this I don't even"
"Atticus mothafuckin' Finch."
"Every time I change my facebook relationship status to single."
"Just checked my facebook for the first time in months..."
"How I feel at family reunions"
"How I feel at my family reunion right now."
"When I scroll through the recovered accounts on my xbox."
"Facebook gives my birthday (and friends list) new meaning."
"Mother hen"
"If I fits I sits: Level poultry"
"Mom  when can I have my room back?"
"Meanwhile on mars..."
"Happy b-day Marin.... Da FAQ??"
"I'm so excited!"
"I think this fits"
"Sometimes I abuse my right to the internet. (click Show Video on the right to improve your experience)"
"When I'm at work."
"My brother sent me this  I couldn't help but laugh"
"I'm Terrified"
"This is what immediately went through my head when my wife told me she was pregnant"
"Gets me every time."
"This gets me every time. Bert rolls deep."
"When i try out the pickup lines i read on reddit..."
"Furricane straight on its way to the Bahamas"
"Seriously  why does everyone complain about this?"
"College Laundry Rooms"
"How are there so many spiders in your coffee cups?!"
"As a college student  I've been wondering..."
"facebook rage"
"People seem to get really worked up..."
"After seeing all these pictures people take of their horrifying injuries..."
"I know I'm an asshole  but in reply to the album about the plastic surgery...."
"AM I THE ONLY ONE"
"New OS X Lion Multi-Touch Gestures"
"He lives!"
"The old man from Up"
"Found him!"
"My friends grandpa reminds me of something..."
"SO this guy exists...."
"I FOUND HIM!"
"Polite Protester"
"Oh  how I laugh and laugh when other men post here"
"Here's Ned Stark with the weather"
"7 Best GIFS ever"
"You think outgrowing your clothes is a problem? Try outgrowing your pet door!"
"In Capitalist America.."
"I must own this!"
"This pig shit on his balls. that is all [NSFL 1024 x 768]"
"I miss the 90s  I really do."
"Kids from the 90's  this sums us up"
"That's a lot of jello."
"run kitty run!"
"Barriers."
"The difference between the haves and have-nots in the third world"
"the grass is greener on the other side"
"How I feel coming back to work today after a 10 day break"
"Since Dear Esther is on sale  I bought it. My first thoughts."
"So I just started my college application process today."
"just started playing half-life 2 and..."
"Seems like a lonely place"
"When my boss told me he's going on vacation the same week I booked it months ago"
"This is how I feel about not getting Glastonbury tickets"
"$5 at a 7-11"
"Every time I walk into McDonalds with more than 5 dollars"
"When I'm about to identify a bag full of rares."
"When my girlfriend tells me her period is over"
"Being 5 points away from a karma milestone"
"Bird Cage"
"When I'm in a mostly empty movie theater and someone sits in the seat in front of me."
"I laughed way to hard at this."
"They had to know that was bound to happen when they put it out..."
"Lunch time"
"Can I have push please?"
"heard barking for awhile  went outside to find this"
"I can dodge bullets"
"Pew Pew Pew"
"Prank"
"Wow  a whiff of sanity."
"Ricardo Mohr photo of tornado"
"Now's our time Reddit!"
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend."
"The realization as you get into the shower and fart."
"To: Kanye"
"Where You Going My Babies"
"Oh Hai! ⦿‿⦿"
"cannot explain this horse race"
"Splash Mountain 2008!"
"Here you are sir.... Oh shit not again!"
"cant stop laughing"
"Crazy frog"
"Star Wars Crayola [x-post for r/alternativeart]"
"Such a lethal killing is completely unprecedented."
"What if..."
"Bacon of Zeus"
"Don't worry they put plastic down"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ \_/"
"What's it called?"
"Wilt  Andre and Arnold."
"Fatality!!!"
"19th Century Lumberjacks in California"
"Bad ass lumberjacks felling a redwood in the past"
"Felling a giant  1915ish"
"Running late for ninja class..."
"Whenever I make a spelling error in the title of a post"
"How I feel after signing up to be on the office social committee email list."
"Modern family &lt;3"
"So  giraffes are popular now?"
"Good Job Adam!"
"Look at this fucking dog!"
"Oh god.. the cuteness.. it hurts..."
"Look At It!!!!!!"
"What?! I'm washing my car off!"
"Well  when you're right  you're right."
"Can you help me find the source of this .gif?"
"This. Is. SPARTA. for the oldies"
"Shit shit shit shit!"
"How I feel with a new monitor."
"after having to clean my dorm room for inspections"
"The Wizard of Busey"
"Happy Busey to All!"
"The busey of oz"
"silly duck"
"[SHOPPED] Shark Attack"
"Let's see a cat do this!"
"Wall sockets across the globe"
"The original script from Forrest Gump."
"Forest tells it like it is"
"Holy crap man  are you crazy?!?!"
"Australia  no thank you."
"Oh glorious zebra butt"
"How I feel downvoting new Posts."
"Hallelujah I believe!"
"Danger Zone!"
"Don't you hate it when you get so excited about Jesus you accidentally take off and transform into a fighter jet?"
"I meow so hard..."
"How I feel when I'm shaving my junk"
"Whenever I post something I think is clever"
"How I felt after just coming out of my last final ever"
"I couldn't stop fucking Laughing"
"How I feel as a German seeing a Nazi/WW2 related pic."
"How I felt when I heard that Testament is releasing a new album on the 31st"
"Noticed it was my Cakeday"
"If ever there was a game that should be remade it is this one."
"I wish I could get this to work better."
"Chris Brown's new tattoo looks like a beaten woman..."
"This makes me happy"
"Just completed another trip around the sun."
"The only proper response to Shit Reddit Says"
"That finger's never looked so fly."
"Strawberries!! AWESOME!!! [PIC]"
"*sigh* the good old days..."
"When dire emergency occurs..."
"Still gets me every time"
"How SRS is feeling right now"
"Ban these vicious pitbulls!"
"Scientists [x-post r/wallpapers]"
"Momonga is so cold."
"Brainfreeze..."
"Hey mom  can I play next?"
"Bread crumbs."
"Aw yiss"
"The prestige..."
"Then suddenly  a flying sniper!"
"GF just told me her brother has never looked at porn..."
"When someone threatens to hack me"
"Every time I open a pack of gum in class."
"When the first girl arrives at the party"
"How I feel when I actually make a good comment"
"When my roommate informed me his little sister's friend wants to have her 18th birthday party at our house and invite all her friends."
"When I found out Reddit AND Imgur were unblocked at the school i'm transferring to"
"My exact reaction after I checked my grades finding out I aced my math final that I thought I failed."
"Well it's finally my Cake Day"
"Lat night I poked a hot girl on Facebook. Today... she poked me back."
"NOPE to the power of NOPE (bee on eye)"
"NOPE. Just nope"
"I just got this from my ex that I haven't spoken to in almost two years."
"Young hip-hoppers"
"I can't be the only one that relates to this..."
"Old but gold"
"Some sort of salamander."
"The real reason I'm on Reddit so much"
"This is when you know you are ready to write comedy"
"Nnnnnnnooooooot.... gonna happen."
"Asian Ice Cream"
"Everyone loves chocolate"
"Just a baby chameleon being awesome"
"Are you pregnant?"
"Gandalf can never have this much street cred"
"yo bro  what are you lookin' at?"
"Kick ass!"
"Kentucky Fried Droogs"
"My reaction when I found out Drake smashed a bottle over Chris brown."
"So this came up on my newsfeed. Seems legit"
"Googled &quot; What the Fuck&quot;..."
"10/14: This Day We Fight"
"The cold  hard truth about penguins."
"Mayor of Reykjavik dresses up as a Jedi Knight  with Yoko Ono and Lady Gaga"
"When I try my hand at any sport"
"Too Drunk to Drive?"
"There not as scary with human teeth"
"How I feel getting my braces off today"
"Sharks are less scary when they have fake teeth"
"Rabbit has something to say..."
"Mantis got a new ride"
"The kittens are evolving...."
"You wanna piece o' me bro?!"
"When the Metra conductor comes by and doesn't punch my 10 ride"
"I must have!!"
"What was that noise then..."
"Ever wonder what happens when you Google &quot;It's a Trap!&quot; ? I did and let me say I am pleased with the results"
"It's just a flesh wound!"
"I Might Not Be Lovin' It..."
"I thought I was having a bad day when my garbage can blew over.."
"Tomorrow..."
"Let's celebrate Columbus Day"
"sTAYING IN THE fROZEN sPIRIT i SUBMIT fROZEN sEAL"
"I don't mean to sound slutty..."
"Christians: 1 Atheists: 0"
"Christian Bale"
"I'm a deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer!!!! [Gif]"
"How I feel when arguing with a Republican or a feminist [might be repost]"
"Reddit's reaction to the Scarlett Johansson leaked photo's.."
"Following the United States presidental elections from Europe"
"How I feel when I click NSFW links at work"
"Imgur"
"Once you realise this  every comment you read on Reddit is ok."
"I'd vote for him."
"YouTube Gold"
"Needs more bacon"
"Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"Clint Eastwood at the Republican National Convention"
"It's how we keep the yeti's from finding us..."
"Slick moves"
"White people..."
"Dancing matches perfectly"
"This little piggy"
"Bat embryo"
"Oh  how times have changed..."
"There can only be one!"
"My Serbian Friend is Out for a Ride"
"Googling Schwarzenegger as a kid (x-post from WTF)"
"Don't you guys hate when you're going to sleep and this man shows up?"
"Waking up for work hungover"
"just play dead and he will go away"
"Sorry People of America - From Libya"
"Having fun isn't hard..."
"How I feel on Reddit as a Conservative who doesn't like cats..."
"Me flirting with any girl at a bar."
"The sweetest dog in the world"
"Man with Bizarre name arrested"
"Food-emon"
"jackin it?"
"The Maturity Climb. (I wish I could show this to my ex...)"
"The Longer You Look  The Truer It Gets"
"A collection of bad ass motherf***ers."
"How I cure my cotton mouth."
"Sipping cat [gif]"
"Reddit. Need it but i hate it."
"Kinda like an action movie"
"Never fails to amuse me"
"AWWWW Chooo"
"So  you like looking at my ass ? Check this out ."
"Aaaaaachooo!"
"So we had a bit of rain in Ireland  this is a train station"
"GandalfStyle"
"Research at its best!"
"ERMAHGERD STERBERKS!!"
"ERMAHGERD! PERMKERN!"
"This is almost unbearably adorable."
"Realizing what you did last night after a night of drinking"
"This little guy looks like a rascal!"
"So hungry yet so scared"
"So scared yet so hungry"
"Marge?!"
"Ainsley makes one of those FB 4 panels"
"My cat always does this !!!"
"Birds are assholes. [Fixed]"
"When I hear a classmate's bubble gum wrapper while they're trying to be slick."
"what an asshole!"
"True"
"This is still my favorite comic on the internet"
"A child's skull  before it lost its baby teeth."
"Stupidity  level: Expert"
"What I feel like when I'm at my job alone"
"I too am moist"
"Typed in 'dat feel' into Google Images and found this. (how is this relevant?)"
"I thought I was digging too deep into Reddit  when I found this in an odd  tiny subreddit"
"I am moist"
"This is just......Weird"
"Every guy  after submitting to r/R4R or r/DirtyPenpals"
"Oh  hey Thomas."
"Spongebob and friends!"
"H. P. Lovecraft's rendition of Spongebob Squarepants"
"Yes you did"
"He's In Seal Team 6 just for that look."
"Sometimes  we don't need to see it in HD."
"I don't stop eating when I'm full...."
"The best remix of my childhood"
"Remembering Jim Henson  You are missed!"
"Nightclubbing Waverunner Dog"
"CHIPS is back."
"Life is funny sometimes"
"BANANA CAT!"
"It's your movie  not theirs."
"Click this and thank me later. Not a gif."
"Click this and thank me later [pic]"
"o_O! Mind Fuck."
"Mind Blown"
"Moe - Gangnam Style"
"Focus on the cross hairs."
"Betrayal"
"[Request] This picture into 1920x1080 wallpaper?"
"As a Redditor over 30  this is how I feel every time I run into a Pokemon lovefest post"
"Doubled my karma in a day"
"How I felt finally getting a girlfreind after 18 long years."
"Found this masterpiece on 4chan. I think that Reddit will like it!"
"It's a mad mad mad mad world"
"When a hot girl starts talking to me  now that I'm engaged..."
"When I'm oblivious to girls hitting on me..."
"When your girlfriend introduces you to her hot friends"
"Mittens 'Tiny Face' Romney"
"I miss this guy"
"How I imagine getting on the front page must feel like... [FIXED]"
"Btw we killed Osama..."
"Having my wallet  keys  and phone after a party"
"It came from the depths of hell (x from gifs)"
"Oppa Gotham Style"
"Did He Swallow a Midget?"
"What the... I don't even..."
"Great storyline."
"No words can describe."
"Reindeer cannon!"
"The ultimate weapon!"
"When browsing through 'new'"
"this kitty asks all the questions up in here!"
"What I think most of the time when I play Battlefield.."
"My cat's face when I told him we'd be fostering dogs soon."
"What Sandy looks like from Europe."
"Be careful NYC  this is starting to look really dangerous. - Imgur"
"Obama riding a lion  wielding a crossbow and lightsaber. Or: The best damn political fanart ever"
"exercise ball &gt; horse"
"How I feel when trying to conquer an exam"
"Breath Damnitt!!!"
"This thing's got better stabilization than my camera!"
"I googled &quot;karma whores&quot; and this is what I got"
"I have a cake by my name. I'm not saying I'm going to karma whore..."
"When you see it..."
"I'm so ANGRUGH!"
"Checkmate  atheists!"
"The Curtain"
"How I feel after my last comment on Reddit"
"So after one year on reddit"
"Test rage"
"Forgot I was a guy D:"
"This time of the year again"
"This is why people in India travel by train"
"How I feel when I have a reason to use this gif"
"When I accidentally watched the movie this GIF is from..."
"Excellent piece of art"
"I have no idea what to make of this child"
"Whoa   Police brutality just took it to A-whole-Natha-level"
"Good thing the Cops were there to help him..."
"STOP RESISTING! (xpost from r/wtf)"
"STOP RESISTING!!!"
"Crazy photo of the SkyLatern Festival in Thailand"
"Wait for it..."
"Give a man Reddit..."
"Weapon XXX"
"Gas Prices [FB]"
"The Truth about Relationships."
"Srsly Guise."
"Found this on randomimgur.com. Funny or offensive? whynotboth.jpg?"
"I wish theyd make more of these Hobbes and Bacon comics"
"Hacked my friends account. Do me a favor. You know you want to."
"WHHHY  CRUEL WORLD!!"
"I ran into a group of Redditors recently."
"Next Reddit Meetup"
"Googled &quot;Majestic Creatures&quot; was not disapointed."
"Da fuq?!"
"When I remembered what went wrong during that date."
"My secret is out"
"Pure Happiness"
"Taking a no-wipe dump after a heavy night of drinking."
"Wat"
"Finals are coming up soon. Ask me how I feel."
"When a customer complains that the kitchen is closed and its after 10:30pm"
"How I feel seeing all these posts about mars."
"How I feel on my 2nd last day at work"
"Call Me...Mr. Snuggles"
"Good use for a stuffed koala"
"Whenever I Submit Something..."
"So thats what a mechanically separated chicken looks like (at the McNuggets factory)"
"help?"
"My Face when My girlfriend said I had a big penis (SFW)"
"Explaining to my non-redditor friends that I made front page"
"How the Hunger Games started."
"Ok facebook  this shit really needs to stop."
"I want my grandmother to DIE!!!"
"I'm ashamed to say this popped up on my newsfeed because one of my friends actually &quot;liked&quot; it..."
"Fuck you  Facebook. I love my grandma."
"Roommate catches me browsing recent /r/WTF"
"The first time I stumbled across /spacedicks"
"This is a cute thing. Enjoy."
"Upside down ball of fluffy ^^"
"You know  just taking a little kitty break..."
"Baby Zebra Frolics"
"The alternative Avengers."
"Party Rock GabeN"
"Chrome vs Firefox (x-post r/wallpapers)"
"Bob Ross being painted by a tree."
"Bad Fall at Best Buy"
"Yes officer that's exactly what happened."
"Assailant suffers injuries from fall"
"Gets me everytime"
"SMASHING"
"We as Americans need to stand up and stop this reality show crap: From TLC's Honey Boo Boo... what is that little girl on the left licking?"
"Googled &quot;What is a Honey Boo Boo&quot; . . ."
"Tadaa!"
"Simplicity always wins."
"A &quot;Human Statue of Liberty&quot; was created with 18 000 thousand man in 1918 at Camp Dodge in Iowa before going to war. Here is the incredible photo that resulted."
"Just left my last final"
"damn it feels good to be a gangsta"
"OMG! I just got an upvote!"
"throwing down."
"THIS is how you eat an Oreo."
"I missed my r/Birthday by a week. My Real birthday is soon. Please enjoy this picture."
"What have we raised..."
"Yearbook pictures of rock and metal icons. They got cooler with time  I guess."
"I was a homeless person before it was cool"
"Who you gonna call?"
"Classic Louis CK"
"Why I don't like wasps"
"When I see my sister on r/gonewild"
"Realizing there is no toilet paper left"
"Baby Giraffe"
"Just a baby giraffe"
"Why do I feel like he knows more than he is letting on?"
"Interview for a job last week  and I saw they re-posted the position on Craigslist today. I think it is safe to say I didn't get the job."
"Seeing all the sales on steam and not being able to buy games because i don't have a credit card"
"How I feel as a Brit when an American website doesn't let me watch their videos"
"Me  after getting my first-ever paycheck today and finding the Steam Summer Sale has ended."
"When I come to the realization that my comment will die in second place..."
"Bidding summer farewell..."
"So apparently Max Payne 3 on Xbox360 is 2 discs. I thought the second disc was just for multiplayer or something (like BF3). So I rented it from Red Box knowing it said &quot;Disc 1 Only.&quot; I wonder how the story ends...."
"Me when reddit goes down just as i am about to post something ..."
"Office bullying at its best"
"Cat toy force field"
"Innocent Bystander..."
"How I picture Lance Armstrong right now."
"Sean connery doing the worm with a turtle."
"It's going to be hot in Baltimore today"
"Haunter used mean look"
"Poss in Boots in real life"
"Edge of the Earth"
"Today I Learned"
"one HELL of a wedding"
"The right driving mentality"
"QUE!?"
"Me being white as a snowman driving into a town with Spanish signs everywhere"
"A shark tank collapsed at the scientific center in Kuwait!"
"Shark tank collapses at the Scientific Center in Kuwait."
"The exit? Just take the escalator down to the NOPE floor and take a left."
"Shark tank collapses in Kuwait Scientific Center...so much &quot;nope&quot;"
"I am never going to the mall again"
"Everyday of grad school"
"Carpet dog. [pic]"
"i used to have a dog here somewere.."
"Next is Holly with today's weather  Holly?"
"How I look when I'm in an argument on Reddit..."
"How I work when the woman next to me is bragging about her summer holiday"
"Zac Efron lets Vanessa walk first to let people know how amazing she is. Will Smith does this."
"Will Smith knows how to introduce a lady"
"A glitch in the Matrix. It happens when they change something."
"That's Sam my cousin"
"Fresh from the Reddit factory!"
"Whatcha doingggg???"
"Oh you have a Mac? Thanks for sharing..."
"Vertigo"
"Who Ronaldo blames for Olympic football being a U-23 event"
"I was installing software for students at work when I noticed something odd..."
"Forever alone guy has left the building"
"So that's where babies come from [NSFW]"
"How to easily identify a frequent drunk driver"
"I'm innocent I swear"
"Samsung; &quot;It doesn't take a genius.&quot;"
"Tramp-oline"
"If every company made condoms"
"To give you guys a better idea of how popular a good f2p game can be   just posted at the League of Legends facebook"
"O_O wow!"
"Me at a [10]"
"What the unbeatable combination of Skyrim and No Shave November will do to me by December."
"Prepare for these."
"How I feel now the power is back on after a 1 hour power cut."
"How I feel waking up one hour after E3 coverage began"
"Back on Reddit after a week of no Midwestern internet"
"When the purple links of a current Reddit surf find the purple links of a past one"
"It's my favorite position."
"The Shadow Art of Rashad Alakbarov"
"true story"
"can't catch me"
"I Just Beat Mass Effect 3!!!"
"How I react when a frient tells me we're dry  with no dealer access for a day."
"CS:GO for console"
"My Reaction Jersey Shore Getting Cancelled"
"Mmm  let me get some o' dat."
"Finally it's here!!"
"'Mericuh! Fuck Yeah!"
"'MERICA !!!!"
"Fuck da po-lice"
"The most important lesson to learn from 9/11. Never forget that:"
"The most important lesson to learn from 9/11. Never forget that:"
"Irony in action"
"How Men pee"
"Women pee only one way. Men have nine ways"
"Steve?"
"Monday Mornings"
"Animal's reaction to being placed inside a cardboard box."
"After seeing a comic I was planing to post on the front page"
"It had to be done"
"My reaction when I leave work on friday."
"But...why??"
"When somebody surprises me with a link to r/spaceclop"
"As seen by..."
"How Europe sees America and how America sees Europe"
"Manuls are the weirdest looking animals alive."
"FriendPWND"
"Nuclear explosion photographed by rapatronic camera less than 1 millisecond after detonation. [pic]"
"The Morgan Freeman Chain of Command"
"Still my favorite GIF. This is how I learned history."
"My favorite gif forever"
"Livin the dream!"
"MFW when I hit finally hit the front page"
"When I saw the little cake next to my name after posting today"
"Regrets  I've had a few.."
"Piglet in boots"
"I must have one!"
"First one to blink loses"
"cat siren"
"When I realize it's my cake day!"
"Neutering means what?!"
"Spiderman"
"How I feel when trying to explain my results to my professor."
"pow right in the kisser"
"Go ahead guess..."
"Whenever parents buy healthy alternatives to meals"
"Going to FunnyJunk after discovering Reddit."
"Deadbeat dad asks me to hang out on fathers day..."
"When there's pulp in my orange juice..."
"When I don't auto sign-in and see posts from r/atheism on the front page."
"Am I the only one who was constantly thinking Stephen = Uncle Ruckus?"
"4chan prank calls &quot;Pawn Stars&quot; - Absolute gold.. - (X-post r/4chan)"
"NSFL"
"I've gained a few pounds"
"Made this for a random comment  posting for prosperity"
"&quot;Sir  I told you to stay in your car.&quot;"
"Go kitty go!"
"kitty + star wars = ?"
"A baby sloth hugging his stuffed giraffe"
"-OH SHIT!"
"Its the next best thing!"
"Athiest In Heaven (Probably a Re-Post)"
"More of a father's day gift I thought."
"Ohhhhh  I don't think so."
"How I feel about seeing an influx of repeated posts in the last month"
"Not so grumpy cat..."
"the message i send to my gf whenever i want to go to her dorm room"
"this is who I expect to show up on an okcupid date.."
"I need a leaf blower now!"
"Woah dude... (x-post from r/wtf)"
"This mesmerizes me and makes me giggle uncontrollably."
"Owls are fucked."
"Whenever I try to choose my flavor of icecream..."
"Jean Michelle Cat"
"Charizard  I choose you!!!"
"[ ]"
"Epic Goldfish"
"This is why you don't flush them down the toilet."
"Screwed!"
"Whenever my comment only gets one other upvote..."
"Whenever I see someone else jamming to the same song in the car next to me..."
"Level level: level"
"How I feel whenever I'm forced to write a check on the spot."
"Church sign."
"Hipster Jesus."
"Kid Takes It Twice For The Team"
"When someone tries to interrupt me while im playing videogames"
"batcatman? catbatman?"
"Cutest panda ever!"
"My friend can't eat chocolate because of an allergy  I showed her this."
"My girlfriend drew this. What do you guys think?"
"My gf amazes me with her art too!"
"Hey Reddit  check out this painting my girlfriend painted"
"Please sir..."
"Dear Einstein.."
"Well at least you tried  and in the end that's all that matters"
"I guess I am getting an otter now"
"Found in the nether regions of the world wide web  not sure what to make of this"
"The force is strong with this GIF"
"Best Friends"
"Future Calvin and Hobbes"
"Not all things adorable have to be tiny and fluffy."
"I love you  Man!"
"Hug"
"Every goddamned time I invite my friends over."
"Gangnam Style Wolverine"
"How to deal with an awkward situation"
"How I feel after committing genocide on the mold that had been growing on my dirty dishes"
"As an American  what's the big deal?"
"The world's edge (fixed)"
"Actually at the world's edge"
"Why don't you!?"
"Poor Mario"
"I'm seriously starting to hate facebook"
"The logic is uncanny"
"Dat nose... I SHALL BITE!!"
"An unusual tank"
"I think we all have been there..."
"When Fall comes to New England [FIXED]"
"Oh salad."
"Bloodsport: The Musical"
"Vandamned"
"Look at my horse  my horse is amazing"
"I lol'd."
"Andy Murray."
"...with mind bullets!"
"Guaranteed to appear in some future nightmare"
"Mouth-faced"
"Things to do when the internet is down"
"Things to do when the internet is down"
"John Travolta's merkin stolen from G.I. Joe"
"Big bully"
"Sleeping in school."
"In a curious turn of events  the green ranger wins the Game of Thrones...."
"Maybe?"
"Why was this an option to someone? [NSFW]"
"a friend of mine made this beautifull picture of havasu falls while hiking in the grand canyon"
"The Sun in the 90s - &quot;Computer 'Web' to change billions of lives (Yeah  right)&quot;"
"It'll never catch on"
"Computer &quot;Web&quot; To Change Billions Of Lives (Yeah  Right)"
"perfect spot"
"That's a good doggy.. LOL"
"Another reason why you shouldn't break someone's wrist."
"When I go accepted into med school today"
"I wanna go next!"
"Watch out for the ceiling."
"Watercolors"
"Mars [1552 x 1552]"
"Come at me bro"
"Who wants milk?"
"Went searching for Nicolas Cage as a baby  was not dissapointed"
"This man is my hero.."
"How I feel when deleting a comment on reddit"
"Searched google for stuff to post on my cake day... this will do"
"When my friend tells me my ex is talking about me on a social network."
"My thoughts concerning the NHL playoffs"
"Took this at a party i went to"
"Woah what did I miss?"
"You got a friend in me"
"don't know if it's a repost...but maybe you'll enjoy this"
"Feel Good From Dr. Seuss"
"Reddit: When You Have Cats"
"I'm a Winner"
"I don't even know what to say.."
"Hello friend"
"Hydration is key."
"Cat amazed by flying friend."
"this belongs here."
"&quot;Free Flip Flops?&quot; - SMASH!"
"How I explain to my friends what Reddit is."
"kitty and space bacon!!!"
"The Meaning Of Reddit [FIXED]"
"We're going to need a bigger crane..."
"Boss is still out of town for Christmas while I'm at work."
"After Reddit finally came back online  I realized.."
"During the recent downtime  I felt like this.."
"Watching from a distance."
"WTF/Funny  not sure where this goes...."
"The Pope is coming to my country tomorrow [Lebanon]  the bad security/political situation reminded me of this old poster."
"About that edge-of-space Jump: A coresponding fall to a schoolroom globe begins 1 millimeter above its surface. I'm just saying. -NDTyson"
"The Office has really been going down lately."
"YEEEEAAHHHOW"
"I just found out my Cake Day is coming..."
"This is my shake face"
"Random imgur. Is that Ari Shaffir a.k.a. the amazing racist at a televised bowling event?"
"99 def + 99 range"
"Reposts vs. OC"
"You want WTF? Here's WTF [NSFW]"
"Rabbit Abuse"
"Happy Veterans Day. 'Merica."
"There can only be one"
"How I am in most of my classes"
"Today I realised I had forgotten my first cake day."
"How I felt  Its my cake day  I tried to whore my dog for karma and I failed"
"Mary-Kate Olsen with her 42 year old French boyfriend  Olivier Sarkozy..."
"Bag of pee."
"Well  I didn't expect that"
"to sum up reddit in a single gif."
"All I can think of at work when I am being CC'd on an email which another employee is getting his shit handed to him by other management."
"only"
"I normally hate x-posts... But I wish I was there. (yes you probably saw it)"
"Tea time!"
"Several hours later when your comment finally gets a single upvote"
"My plans after finals"
"Doing it wrong."
"Can you find the commonality?"
"Everytime I try to talk to a cute girl"
"Seems legit"
"Fuck"
"Best of all time"
"Hurr Durr Derp"
"One of the few cats to make me laugh"
"just found facebook gold  I immediately knew where this really belonged..."
"Exactly how I feel when I get pulled onto the dance floor at a party (PIC)"
"Doctor's orders  bitch"
"My favorite WTF pic of all time"
"How I feel disagreeing with the reddit hivemind (xpost /r/gifs)"
"How I feel disagreeing with the reddit hivemind (xpost /r/funny)"
"Hitler's Wallet"
"So sad when this happens"
"This guy ruined everything"
"How my boyfriend looked at me after I asked him how many quarters there were in football"
"Just wanted to share with Reddit my favorite gif!"
"How I felt when I mentioned food to my roommates  who are currently fasting."
"How I feel when I accidentally open Internet Explorer"
"My first impression of reddit [FIRST]"
"It's like the pumpkin carving all over again"
"Every time I see a 'WTF brain' comic."
"How I feel as an Australian redditor at any hour"
"After identifying my last 8 or so Wizard hats..."
"Got me like..."
"Ivet Lalova warming up her glutes."
"new favorite neighbor"
"Whenever I see someone planking"
"Who are these guys? I keep seeing this appear in comments."
"HIFW Gangnam style exploded as a person born-and-raised in Gangnam"
"the CGI's a bit shitty  but still better than the Phantom Menace..."
"Just an aquarium (x-post from r/pics)"
"Browsed r/new for 10 minutes.."
"Just an Armadillo Lizard [pic]"
"yummy tail."
"Who'd have thought it?"
"'I fucking love science' is my favourite new Facebook group."
"Bath salts."
"puppies sucking face on the streets of LA"
"Every time I'm happy"
"When i see a weed vs. alcohol argument ensuing."
"I hope that I never have to meet this cow"
"When my girlfriend and her mother get in an argument while I'm around"
"School Teacher does what she does as a school teacher."
"My experience with extreme sports - even when things go right  they go way wrong."
"One guy on Yelp ..."
"That One Guy..."
"Water Tension Blob Monster"
"Gets me everytime!"
"emocheescake"
"This is what happens when I try to post something funny on Reddit"
"Rocket attack"
"Got this from the random imgur generator...uhwhat"
"When my math teacher try to teach me something new"
"Storm over Crater Lake"
"oh please pikachu...."
"WILD BUSH CAPTURED!"
"How I felt checking out r/mylittlepony for the first time."
"Me in university English class when my prof made a grammatical error"
"Whenever a conversation with friends delves into religion or politics."
"When your pregnant wife due in 1 week wants to have sex."
"My reaction when someone showed me this gif"
"Serenity"
"Peacekeeper missile reentry"
"Oh...don't mind me"
"When you see it..."
"You polygonal  bro?"
"The Book of Genesis: What Really Happened (Fixed)"
"Ice ice baby..."
"All grown up"
"Classy people on the subway"
"Just on the subway.."
"Simply breathtaking.."
"3.86 semester GPA? Don't mind if I do."
"Jeff Bridges"
"Meanwhile in McDonalds"
"Ok! I will buy your fucking happy meal!"
"What I imagine when I see a Rick Perry interview"
"What I took away from the first week of Statistical Decision Theory"
"My neighbor asked why there was smoke coming out of my window this morning."
"Reddit lately."
"Still one of the best things I've seen online."
"Beware of the dog"
"World's greatest conductor"
"Oh god.. I honestly don't think I can pick.."
"You guys win."
"I think we ALL know the answer to this"
"i think we all know the answer to this."
"Well played  You Rather  well played..."
"Betty  just step over the rope"
"I plan on doing this next time I tip"
"I plan on doing this next time I tip"
"Mr. Rogers has Swagga"
"Mr. Rogers' swag."
"Mr. Rogers' Got That Swag!"
"Where did the soda go?"
"Touching the surface"
"They say not to bring a knife to a gun fight. Well..."
"When I try to look tough."
"Has anyone ever seen a wet Koala Bear?"
"How to tri-force"
"Buzz Aldrin punching a conspiracy theorist in the face [x-post from /r/awesome]"
"When someone calls my name and I don't know where they are."
"When I looked at my karma points today..."
"When I looked at my karma points today..."
"When I created my first successful meme"
"Where is the Mia guys  Seriously...."
"Suggesting &quot;Who's Line&quot; isn't funny on Reddit..."
"My response to the 'text over picture' crap popping up on facebook."
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen. A pen..."
"Every time a truck drives by that isn't your Fedex package"
"AC is out in my Tucson  AZ lab: this about sums up my feelings"
"When the girl I like says she likes guys with Swag."
"Anarchy"
"DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO!!"
"&quot;I whip my moobs back and forth!&quot;"
"2 Girls 1 Cup Coffee Maker"
"Lovely day for a bike ride"
"What a fantastic parent!"
"Mom of the year in Northern Ireland"
"Nope. Nope! NOPE!"
"Chilling on the moon"
"How I feel as a skater getting back into it after 5 years"
"As a much older redditor on cakeday"
"The story of Oedipus"
"Planes  Trains  and Plantains (cross-post from 4chan)"
"9th Date"
"The American dream."
"Try to explain this picture please  because i don't even..."
"U Jelly?"
"When I make it to the top of a small subreddit."
"Redheads"
"Bros."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art"
"my girlfriend is really shy about her art but she made this in seventeen seconds. I think she's got some talent!"
"Seems Legit..."
"Map of scientific collaborations from 2005 to 2009 [4500x2250] [crosspost 'TheDaninator' from /r/dataisbeautiful]"
"Visited 9gag for the first time today after a year of reddit"
"Finally broke down and bought BF3  one week later  my reaction hasn't changed."
"Not with that attitude."
"I just can't take this picture seriously... It's a dog... surfing (source in comments)"
"HE DID IT!"
"He did it!"
"Sonic Squirrel"
"The Canonization of Bill Murray [pic]"
"The Canonization of Bill Murray (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Danny"
"Continues to be my favorite picture on the internet."
"you're sure it's okay?"
"You wouldn't believe the shit I've seen  kid."
"What are you lookin' at?...Punk"
"I don't have a title for this one."
"This is how I feel after stuffing a turkey..."
"So...wtf is this cat doing?"
"Badass level: Snoopy"
"Because Fuck Hollywood"
"What I think of when I see your one hundred trillion dollars...."
"For all of you in the Mid-West  remember  FUCK TORNADOS!"
"Pargoat"
"Little guy has some sweet moves (x-post from r/funny)"
"When I woke up to see that I finally broke 5000 link karma"
"[SFW]When the pussy isn't wet..."
"Cats don't care"
"When someone pokes me on Facebook."
"My brother just started watching Breaking Bad and is taking his time enjoying every second of it. This is me at least 3 times a day."
"Need For Speed: Pensioner Edition"
"You are enormously insignificant.."
"Giving a little perspective."
"This is me realizing today is my cake day and that I have nothing..."
"Kick a Ginger day... god I hope this is real"
"Definition of Karma Whore"
"This will probably get downvoted (upvote for visibility)"
"How I feel trying to have fun since breaking up with my girlfriend."
"Ninja detected...."
"British humour."
"How I met your mother..."
"Wise words"
"That time of month"
"Ignorance isn't bliss?"
"If an embryo counts as a person..."
"A question on the first commandment"
"My thoughts exactly"
"Just a thought"
"For what its worth christians"
"Dog really wants that treat. First gif I've made!"
"The internal struggle between desire for doggie treats and disdain for doggie boots."
"When I notice the last piece of cheesecake on the platter across the room."
"How it feels when I try to run in dreams"
"He couldn't handle the sour"
"This picture always makes me smile"
"C'mon  give us a smile..."
"Still my favorite picture on the internet"
"With Hostess going out of buisness... this is all I can think of."
"Quack."
"Bachelor Frog's Sweaty Balls"
"Can't say I'm innocent"
"I know we all do this"
"Obligatory Cake day bachelor frog"
"pb&amp;j time"
"Well... that was close!"
"Someone tried to brake into my house..."
"When I realise it's my cake day after a whole day of lurking"
"Girl problems..."
"My girlfriend just dumped me for her ex..."
"Don't mess with him."
"Who else did you expect?"
"Tetris Vs Contra"
"When someone tells me the height and weight of their newborn.."
"Hottest girl I've seen in a long time"
"Well that's suspicious"
"Cyber bullying."
"These aren't my glasses."
"These aren't my glasses."
"Ready for Recall!"
"Tights!"
"Rainbrofist"
"When today is a snow day and the Winter Steam Sale is today"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"just an otter and a teddy bear"
"Goggles  my favorite wallpaper"
"Seeing Stars"
"The Australian coast. I wish I lived here."
"from the sea [NSFW]"
"Ayyyyy!"
"favourite isle at home hardware"
"Plenty of WTF here.."
"Your latest shipment of downvotes has arrived!"
"It's my 2 year cake day and I got nothin'. Here's a relevant pic I found by googling 'Cake Day'"
"What two years of being a Redditor has done to me..."
"Not sure what to say about this."
"Timing is everything"
"Dat Ass!"
"Oh God Dwight  What?!"
"Dwot Shrote"
"FALSE; GRRRNNNGGRNGNRFFFARNGGGG"
"Well that doesn't seem quite right..."
"Today I've been on reddit for 2 years. Here's a picture of Endeavor as a thank you for being awesome."
"Some of my favorite wallpapers!"
"Ohi. [xpost from r/tacos]"
"MORE TACO"
"My nickname is actually Beast and I fricken' love tacos  so this fits the bill!"
"The universe is fucking rad..."
"What I always thought of posting in /r/atheism before I unsubscribed"
"I snapped a photo of my 12 year old neighbor in her backyard wearing a small bikini in this cold weather."
"I started a stopwatch on my phone and forgot about it until now"
"My mile time varies a little more."
"My views on the Europe Vs. America debate for about a month following the Olympics."
"This photo feels me with childlike whimsy: Fireflies at dusk. [repost]"
"A bachelors pad with incentive to stay in shape"
"This one always makes me laugh"
"How I feel when my husband decides to cook for once. [Fixed]"
"Best baby logic ever....."
"Like I give a WTF?!"
"The Doctor's so fresh (hope this isn't a repost)"
"No matter how you do something  there's an Asian that does it more efficiently."
"Original content on 9Gag."
"I Can't Look at This Without Laughing"
"Only in Canada..."
"Reading all the sexy comments on /r/gonewild"
"they said  &quot;may contain nuts &quot; they said..."
"Saw this gem on my way to lunch"
"The reason why i hate Facebook"
"i hope they give out lotion samples.."
"Because fuck you  that's why"
"Ever been so mad?"
"Have you ever been so pissed off that you started swinging a cactus?"
"My solution to the Zombie attacks in Miami"
"This gif is relevant to my feelings FAR too often"
"Elect FatCat 2012"
"Happy Diablo Day!"
"For a while now  I am collecting most gifs I found amusing or useful. There are around 700. Use it wisely"
"LOL I'M A SEAL"
"Jason Segel explains what the muppets are like off camera."
"I figured since he's playing a bass..."
"Slappin da bass"
"In Da Club"
"Happened to me last night"
"Not sure if I should post this here or /r/WTF."
"Wait!"
"Success kid.jpg"
"That escalated quickly."
"Scar the Rug"
"Hey look!"
"Look!"
"I don't always repost"
"Meanwhile in India..."
"...and they all raged over the guy from Predator"
"I left myself a note listing all the reading and homework I needed to do today. I woke up this morning and..."
"When you realize your two favorite video games are coming out within a week of each other"
"Stella vs. Newcastle"
"What I am like when I hear my neighbours argue"
"Cat vs Bat"
"Just a tea-cup pig. Tell me this isn't cute."
"When Someone Says They Can &quot;Watch This For Hours&quot;"
"Okay do I eat this or..."
"Forget the Coconut crab  meet the Japanese spider crab. It's leg span can exceed 10 feet  larger than any other arthropod  and have been known to live up to 100 years."
"A message for those who troll r/gifs for karma..."
"getting ready for winter"
"ERMAHGERD TRERCK"
"Sometimes the eyes are bigger than the stomach"
"I need to avoid viewing new challenges like this and getting overwhelmed before I even start"
"Nomnomnom"
"Here's a comic for the Birthday Boy"
"Every time my wife tries to teach me to dance..."
"I fucking love cocaine"
"Hah"
"Got in 3 hours of The Legend of Grimrock last night. My first impression."
"DAE think this looks more like a rainbow autofellatio rather than rainbow puke?"
"If it fits  I sits... and I eats!"
"The Smiths at it again"
"My little pony IRL"
"Classic Simpson logic"
"Worst tattoo of the year?"
"Reddit  meet Mad Max"
"She likes to sleep in the bowl..."
"It ain't gonna..."
"A Happy and Healthy . . ."
"I'd do the exact same thing  and regret nothing."
"DAT ASSSSSSSSSSSSS"
"Is it weird that i find this attractive?"
"So attractive"
"Like a boss"
"I can do that."
"Show off"
"Is it cool if I park my squid here?"
"/r/gonewild as of late  &quot;(f)irst time +18+ be nice&quot; ="
"so we just found out they're closing our office at 1 tomorrow"
"My girlfriend just got back from vacation"
"POUNDEALARM!~"
"SHAKE IT!"
"90's Photo Bomb"
"What my cat thinks he's doing when he's in my lap"
"Everybody wants to be a cat"
"Welcome guys !"
"Pet rock."
"Dude VS Ketchup Bottle"
"How I feel when I aim to be a little cheeky  then totally offend someone (usually a woman) on FB."
"Peeing after sex [SFW]"
"The one time I agree with Facebook"
"Morocco Road"
"Avoid this today."
"I'm outta here."
"Wait Up!"
"Bad luck Brian at a Halloween party"
"Pen tornados"
"Best newspaper headline ever"
"Hitler Cat"
"Perfect analogy to why religious people give me an aneurism."
"Meanwhile  at Rand McNally..."
"Me whenever I get a -1."
"Ninja Cat"
"French's Mustard  you don't know what you do to me..."
"One of the best multiplayer games [FIXED]"
"Nope.gif"
"Alone in the dark."
"Worst Picture ever"
"Boop! Gotcha nose!"
"Some People.."
"Keepin' it real [Comic]"
"so what country do we think?"
"Two people just got fired at my office and this is how I feel."
"When I see a political or religious argument on Reddit"
"If the republicans win tonight. Party Time!"
"Commas  people. Commas!"
"Someone said Japan? NSFW"
"The headquarters of Benito Mussolini and the Italian Fascist party in Italy  1934."
"Look out North Carolina"
"Spider-Man Is Such A Gentleman"
"This was meant to be..."
"How I eat my ramen."
"The emptiness... [pic]"
"&quot;The plane is an ACCESSORY&quot;"
"The most wtf of all wtf gifs?"
"You're Next! (Found in a CPR class handbook)"
"That's a hot &quot;ass&quot; balloon."
"knock knock"
"Never give up"
"Struggling to reach the front page"
"How I feel as a 200 lb guy getting out of the backseat of a 2-door car"
"just can't...look away...that's a HOLE"
"Turns out the Polar Bear was a tad hungry (NSF* - Holes in limb)"
"The best math teacher I ever had."
"Thats not fair!"
"Young Lafayette"
"What I feel I have to do to get Karma these days."
"The 5 Stages of Incessant Pop Music"
"Stalin Mario"
"Stay Classy"
"Pedobear hunting in his natural environment"
"Internet Party!"
"Cursor disco"
"How i feel as a guy when people see me crossing my legs in public"
"World's only elephant hospital  Thailand"
"How I feel while writing pointless essays."
"Feels like today needs a little Ron Swanson."
"Ukraine's tunnel of love"
"I bet her daughter likes fenga papits."
"When I realized Jimmy Neutron was meant to promote science"
"How I feel about half of these 'I found this kitten In a trashcan' posts."
"I should of picked up a &quot;get well soon&quot; card.."
"Gotland = Starry Night"
"Van Gogh from space. By NASA's Landsat programme."
"My Costume: Fantasy Football"
"This is one of the reasons she's my favorite porn stars! [SFW]"
"Think about it"
"I don't think this twitter page understands what this meme is supposed to be."
"Seems About Right"
"Cat! Cat! Cat! Cat!"
"Chamonix  Haute-Savoie  France: A Snapshot From A Mountaineer's Life . . . Photographed By Kamil Tamiola"
"Kill yourself."
"The musty mountains cold"
"The True Pokemon Master"
":("
"I Know This Is a Repost...But I Love This Gif"
"Mind Blown  in many strange ways."
"Okay  I fixed it"
"A Sunset on Mars"
"Kittens Chasing A Laser"
"Every time I discover a new NSFW subreddit."
"Tonbridge  England"
"You're Small"
"The only ten commandments i follow."
"18th century taxidermy."
"Lucky i'm not a christian"
"Nom nom nom"
"How I feel having a job after 2 years of unemployment."
"Happy birthday to you! Happy birAHHHHHHH OMG!!!"
"Having a hard time waking up this morning... My boss sent me this...."
"Henry"
"How doing work my first week in college will feel like."
"The greatest ad for a teal green Pontiac Grand Am in the history of history itself. From Everett  WA craigslist"
"Jesus Tap-Dancing Christ!"
"Bitches love dudes in Grand Ams"
"A model for all car ads (x-post from comments)"
"What I first thought when I heard Gungnam Style"
"IE just wants to take a rest"
"NASA's Space Shuttle Discovery (STS-41D)  30 August 1984. Photographed by NASA astronaut John W. Young from a NASA Shuttle Training Aircraft (STA)."
"As a wheelchair user myself  at first I was like  &quot;I gotta try that ... on secondhand…&quot;"
"As a wheelchair user myself  first I was like  &quot;I gotta to try that… I'm secondhand… &quot; [xpost r/gifs]"
"Woman glued to toilet at Walmart"
"Roll over"
"One of the best baseball pictures I have ever seen"
"The National Pastime"
"what a game !!"
"Where's my fucking oil?"
"Horses gonna horse!"
"Haters gonna Haaa...whooaaa SHIIIII!!!"
"Goose Dick"
"Mixed this GIF with a matching song and can't stop laughing"
"cash for birds"
"Cash For Birds"
"This is why I avoid looking after kids"
"Remember this guy ?"
"Jizz in my pants"
"Girlfriend wants to have sex after over a year of waiting"
"Oh charts"
"Went to play some Happy Wheels and was greeted with this."
"Well headache puppy  you need to load my webpage."
"Truer now than it ever was."
"there's not enough love for cows on this subreddit.."
"Wrong Number - Handled like a boss"
"Welcome to fucking Texas."
"One way secure your beef...."
"I saw this on my feed after the debates."
"Storm over Newcastle  UK"
"What rain looks like from the sky"
"Super"
"Why I never go to any comic con after parties"
"How me and my gf feel attempting sexytime after Chipotle"
"My professor pulled up Amazon to show us the $399 textbook we'd be using"
"My Reaction when I lost £50 playing Roulette last night."
"My first time at the Strip Club"
"Fronds"
"Lolwut"
"FRONDS"
"And not a single fuck was given"
"Mind blown."
"When you see it"
"Magnus 2012!"
"Question Everything"
"raccoon harp player"
"What the  I don't even... [NSFW]"
"first they try to take away our freedoms  now they want to RUIN POKEMON!?"
"I just don't know man..."
"I just don't know man..."
"Whenever I see a fight on Facebook"
"Yahoo answers does it again."
"Wait what is this wizzardy?"
"Fine  you got me."
"One year ago today I was stabbed and nearly died. I woke up in the hospital a few days later to find this."
"A card my friend received in hospital after being stabbed on a night out"
"Found this on my news feed"
"Curiosity takes a self-portrait."
"No words..."
"This photo never fails to make me laugh"
"Kindness is rare but these people are doing it right! Hoboken  NJ."
"How to grow &amp; harvest garlic"
"Best yearbook picture ever."
"Everybody chill out..."
"&quot;You shall not pass!&quot;"
"I'm so glad this dog exists"
"Accidentally clicked on a link to r/spacedicks"
"when my link gets 15 or more karma."
"Picture of Milky Way as seen from Mars!"
"NASA's budget cuts are becoming quite obvious..."
"A Breath Taking View of The Milky Way from Mars"
"Some of the Egyptian protesters who stormed the embassy yesterday wore Guy Fawkes masks. It's actually fitting  since Fawkes wanted a theocracy."
"Challenge Accepted (X-Post /vertical)"
"Cristo Redentor - Brazil"
"My little brother just created what might be the best animated gif on the internet."
"My favorite gif by far."
"50 shades of ruined childhood"
"50 Shades of Legos."
"The WTF part is that someone thought this was a good idea worth photographing"
"The World According To Ron Swanson"
"I think it's windy."
"My great grandfather's tablet from 1894!"
"Air Hockey (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"Night in Hong Kong. (High resolution)"
"Hong Kong Night Skyline"
"All of my wat. All of it. Every last drop of it."
"HIFW I don't get to eat lunch."
"NOW WE'RE IN LOVE!"
"Wtf japan!!"
"doh."
"Googled WTF  incredibly bored  was not disappointed."
"(xpost from r/pics) &quot;Photo I took of the Chicago skyline from a beach in Indiana.&quot; [3 421 × 2 281]"
"Photo of the Chicago Skyline from a beach in Indiana"
"What my nephew does for 20 minutes after I kiss him when wearing my mountain dew lip gloss."
"Its my IRL Birthday today! This is how i feel about all the food and gifts im getting."
"When I hear Mitt Romey flat out lying during a speech"
"So  I just found out that it's my cake day..."
"A normal day on r/funny"
"Abandoned New York Subway station."
"Garfield comics with everyone but Jon removed hilariously melancholic"
"Like A Boss"
"Tell me this doesn't turn you on"
"I would say  he's the black goat of the family"
"Well  we have been warned every time"
"Epic inexplicable moments abound  but still  in the history of the Universe  few are as epic and inexplicable as this one...."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Oh  you didn't know!?"
"Got my HP Touchpad!"
"Broke 1000 Karma Today! (my reaction)"
"How I feel coming in to work on a holiday and being reminded that management won't be there."
"Im gonna get you."
"Reddit hypnosis"
"Reddit hypnosis (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Drop it! [gif]"
"5000 x 4043 Pixels: Dubai  United Arab Emirates  on 4 January 2012"
"Ready to blow"
"Things that make you go hmmmmmm"
"My dad sent me this this morning. XD"
"I guess not"
"Brilliant Marketing"
"we should ban life jackets"
"Happy birthday Snoop Dogg  toke one up for him today fellow ents"
"This is a hairless bear"
"Ever wondered what a bear without fur looked like?"
"A hairless bear."
"Ah Olive you really did miss out"
"Man getting shot in the face with a bow and arrow on live TV (gif)"
"Atlas."
"This reminds me mythological Atlas"
"I got you little buddy...pedal pedal pedal  and GO!"
"An unstoppable trio"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"When I saw this  I curled up in a ball and wiped a tear from my eye..."
"The time when I get things done."
"Just look at it"
"This is what my face looks like when I fart in a car full of people."
"Reddit I just submitted my final year honours dissertation- this picture pretty much sums up how I feel!"
"I have no words"
"Ultimate power"
"Racist little bitches..."
"This would scare the shit out of me."
"Looks like we are in for 4 more years of..."
"How i feel posting a comment i know is going to be downvoted"
"Now this is equality!"
"Crucified Elmo (x-post from r/funny)"
"Whatever..."
"I am going to hell for this..."
"Ready for school?"
"Please downvote this as much as possible."
"Sexy"
"How I felt when I stumbled upon /r/spacedicks"
"Slow motion left hook"
"&quot;Too deep&quot;"
"Didn't expect that ending"
"Do you think this guy is cute or what?? (2048 x 1365)"
"I think he's finally getting the hang of things"
"Oh the humanity!"
"Those are mosquitoes"
"White Lines"
"Redditors daily dose"
"Why can't two men raise a child?"
"The N line in Southern Brooklyn: completely flooded"
"Nailed it"
"Some pictures tell a story."
"Found this lovely family photo on facebook..."
"I searched &quot;Funny cat mustache top hat&quot; and this came up."
"Sharing secrets."
"I'm gonna boop your nose. BOOP!"
"Imma Bop You On The Nose."
"Just a homeless man bench pressing a goose"
"This always manages to cheer me up."
"Best gif of all time"
"Bored?"
"Bored ??"
"One of The Perks of Living Alone"
"Punch all your buns."
"googled &quot;what the hell is that&quot; and i have no words."
"Half man half bear half pig ? WTF"
"It's lunch time"
"This is madness!"
"This is SPARTA!"
"Fear and Loathing at Tatooine"
"When im drunk and a girl turns me down."
"Just a Picture of Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson doing Dishes Together"
"Now That's a Pot of Gold!"
"guiness  taste the rainbow"
"Happy St. Patrick's Day!"
"Clever (gif)"
"The cruel hand of fate"
"Waxing the Ferrari When Suddenly..."
"Gorgeous Pathway"
"In Ukraine  protestors mace the police."
"do you guys know where....."
"Where?"
"If Only..."
"Reddit and Johnny Bravo lately."
"The more I look  the more I laugh"
"66 years ago today  a star was born"
"Socially Awkward Extra"
"What I feel like I'm doing whenever the boss walks by my desk on a Friday"
"The Republican's October Surprise"
"Love."
"Oh lawd almighty!!! xpost from r/funny"
"Church is so Hardcore!"
"Magnetic Thinking Putty"
"Dog &amp; Cat Diaries"
"No it's a cardigan but thanks for noticing"
"Ridiculously Cryogenic Guy"
"I live in South Carolina. In currently visiting friends in Boston where it 60 degrees. This is how I feel right now."
"Link found a new item!"
"How I answer questions during a job interview."
"Use your iMac everywhere"
"Gossiping Swiss cheese."
"Just a cool animated gif"
"Well  fame can be a bitch."
"Dinning on 50th floor (Waldorf 1930)"
"Tired of being fat and ugly?"
"Accept the things you cannot change."
"How i feel as a european redditor seeing these NC stuff."
"My reaction when people tell me they don't like desserts"
"Even pets are getting into the Olympics. I present box jumping"
"Wormern Bernders!"
"That water is really dirty"
"Kate Upton"
"Christians don't believe in 2869 gods"
"Old but good one."
"He seems to have some difficulty letting go of the game."
"When I realized it's my first cake day"
"Get your ass in here!"
"Dat Alien Swag"
"Get over here!"
"Alien Attack"
"Holy shiiiiiiiiiiiiii......"
"Iron Deficiency Man."
"Downpour."
"Obama is a wizard"
"The more I see these  the closer we get to this."
"I really am too"
"How I feel when reading about heroic stories that happened on 9/11"
"RIP Ms Diddles  you were a viral  epic hamster  and I'm going to miss you"
"I saw this in my local paper. Was slightly confused at first..."
"Puma"
"Ma'am  I don't think that's quite how you eat Cheerios."
"I do what I want  bitch."
"I ran across this on a random tumblr.. weirdest thing I've seen today... so far.."
"basically my dad and I when I was younger"
"When people complain about this subreddit."
"hey guys  here's some OC for ya. do you think this could be our mascot?"
"I'm not sure how I feel about her..."
"Hot Feet"
"Best Story Ever. Includes Sonic  giant boobs  and Mountain Dew!"
"So I was searching for a Seinfeld image to create something funny for a friend when..."
"Scientific Genius"
"Every time I see an NSFW link."
"Any time I see a NSFW then notice it's from gifs"
"Whenever I see a NSFW .gif (sfw)"
"Me when I see people on Facebook starting an argument about religion..."
"Walking into a final I studied for."
"Thinking about the future Obama/Romney presidential debates"
"Let me in!"
"haunted house in winter and summer"
"Money"
"Best misspelling ever?"
"r/money"
"Cool .GIFs  but"
"Picard on Seals."
"Close enough"
"Cats and boxes"
"SPOILER ALERT"
"*Spoiler Alert*"
"Caesar raising his future battle-mount."
"Drink up little tyke."
"Oh you know  just a monkey feeding a baby tiger."
"Chimp bottle feeding a baby tiger"
"Do Do feeds milk to Aorn"
"I was worried I was going to forget..."
"Every time I watch my 5 year old playing Minecraft..."
"Me  trying to explain karma to a non-redditor."
"How I look every time I browse a university's meme page."
"As an intellectual  how I feel when people ask me if I like &quot;50 Shades of Grey&quot; or &quot;Jersey Shore&quot; (I DO!)"
"Can I get a source on this? (sorry if there's a reddit for this  can't find it)"
"America. . . ."
"Dog swag!"
"B-boy baby entrance fail"
"Just to clarify...that's wood he is sitting on..."
"Assassin's Creed: 1930s edition"
"What a sweet lil kitt....aw hell nah!"
"Dog the Bounty Hunter"
"Dog the bounty hunter."
"I was doing research on the Chernobyl nuclear disaster when I found THIS little guy"
"Just a dog after the Chernobyl disaster..."
"Puppy under the effects of Chernobyl radiation"
"All was purple. Decided to check out 9gag for the first time."
"My reaction to r/mildlyinteresting."
"Throne of Games (x-post from r/gaming)"
"'Bout to clap this bitch up in here."
"We do what we like and we like what we do"
"How I imagine people on FB who say they're at a party"
"How I imagine people on FB who say they're at a party"
"How I celebrating finishing finals  after everyone else already has."
"I broke 100 Karma today!"
"How I'm spending my cake day"
"tuuuuuuuuuuube!"
"This guy loves his tube"
"A temporary peace."
"You talkin' to me?"
"Ron how could you"
"Wrong on so many levels...but still lolz worthy"
"Why you should always sleep with a Teddy bear"
"Chivalry."
"They always kept us safe.."
"So I was walking across the frozen tundra  and came upon this gem."
"putin ridin le crane"
"I'm bored."
"Unfriendzoned !"
"Cleveland Brown puts his thang down  flips it  and reverses it"
"Very NSFW roots."
"Cutest looking lizard"
"What an incredibly relatable scenario"
"(X-post via /r/funny) This was on my newsfeed... seems pretty reasonable to me!"
"Signal boost. I'm gonna be sending a LOT of weird porn to Westboro Baptist Church."
"Face replace"
"This has to be seen by everyone!"
"I was just watching Adventure Time  when I saw this"
"Corgi Loop"
"How I felt as a kid when my crazy Aunt would make her annual visit"
"Get Down With The Sickness"
"When a teacher catches you chewing gum in class"
"For years  this still makes me laugh uncontrollably."
"That moment when you remember you left a soda in the freezer"
"That moment when I realized I've been on Reddit for a year."
"Starfox is down!"
"I whip my ears back 'n forth... [x-post /gifs]"
"Rave puppy"
"Shake them haters off"
"Where rainbows come from"
"Shit just got real. (x/post from r/funny)"
"Fighting with your significant other"
"Photography/Frame Shop Turns Heads"
"She had the wrong number."
"My cat ate all of my shrooms"
"Every time i overeat."
"Up all night with my best buddy in the whole world..."
"ERMAGERD!! LERTERCE!!"
"This cat finely illustrates my attitude of life right now"
"Oh Asia"
"Not Now Mr. Chang!"
"Holding down the power button"
"The more you see it...."
"Still hard to process after staring for 5 minutes"
"Steve Cathey skating. [x-post from r/oldschoolcool]"
"She should've known better."
"Hypnotising Pencil Sharpening"
"You WISH you were this manly."
"What in the world they were trying to prove?"
"That tickles!"
"Works every time."
"Window Tint Police Profiling Troll."
"Thats one way to tint your windows"
"What it looks like when I have to fix people's computers."
"What its like at work on Friday"
"I never want pickles again!"
"Every time anybody plays... especially Michael J Fox"
"Bumpy Road"
"not a good time"
"DANGER"
"Yeah  that's ok  you can have it..."
"How I feel as a senior in college taking a freshman level class."
"My face tomorrow when the Netherlands play England"
"What did I just find? Now I just need to find a use for this"
"I'm gonna crumb!"
"Oh baby! I'm gonna. . ."
"Future of all libraries"
"So  I'm into my 2nd day of trying to play EVE Online. This prettymuch sums it up."
"How I feel in lesson after 2 weeks off for Christmas"
"Best one till now"
"I just realized I missed Free Slurpee Day..."
"Me Every Morning When I Have To Get Up"
"When my boss calls me  waking me up on my only day off..."
"When a friend overtakes me in karma with one comment."
"How did he??"
"One does not simply crash into Chuck Norris"
"Come on shake your body  baby do the Conga"
"Saw this on facebook  changed my perspective of the squirrel."
"Have to wake up at 4:00 AM for the next few weeks"
"Sexy jiggle"
"Cat walks like the Devil - PART 2"
"BOOM! Headshot!"
"It's Science"
"No grill? Problem solved."
"Talk dirty to me"
"How I feel when people say it's their first post"
"How I feel on Fridays"
"How I felt waking up this morning and realizing I'd missed the gf's sexytime invite text."
"Just a photo of a bad-ass shark. That's all."
"Boom  headshot."
"Waiting for L4D2 Cold Stream..."
"Patrick Star Cat."
"Scat cat"
"Obama says any law passed must have universal principles and not be based in religion"
"Barack Obama's insightful words on abortion"
"Some seagulls just want to watch the world burn."
"Uh. No thanks. I'll try the ball pit"
"Chris Brown jokes"
"When you realize your Skrillex hair cut is lame."
"Netflix executives after removing Arrested Development from Watch Instantly"
"After realizing I forget to clear my history while letting a friend use my laptop"
"After shaving my beard of 10 years."
"Happy 4th of July Reddit"
"Happy 4th fellow Pawneeans! Remember: America is the only country that matters. If you want to experience other 'cultures'  use an atlas or a ham radio."
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA [x-post /r/pics]"
"fuck yeah"
"Focus"
"Daniel Tosh on gays"
"Qualifying for the London Olympics like a boss"
"The Lovecraft"
"X-Post from HistoryPorn"
"10 years old kid made hostage.... better thumbs up."
"Saved this pic long ago  I look at it when I need cheering up."
"Seriously......? [NSFW]"
"Only after a long day"
"Whale demonstrates"
"SMACK"
"I laghed way too hard at this"
"The Cookie Cup"
"And the winning numbers are: 317-17 ...bleeergggghhhhhh"
"That creep can roll  man."
"Watching porn last night"
"My immediate reaction to Prometheus:"
"as a Canadian observing the Chick-Fil-A debacle"
"My reaction when I had to take a dump within 15 minutes of getting back from lunch."
"Land of opportunity"
"clever ad for Germany"
"God damn hippies!"
"What browsing facebook has become since downloading Must Stache"
"Um what?"
"I want to scratch my brain.."
"Meet Shorty"
"Baby Polar Bear Learns to Walk"
"After three years of college  this is what a home-cooked meal feels like."
"How I feel when I put parmesan cheese on my spaghetti."
"&quot;If I had two bullets…&quot;"
"How I feel about my old boss"
"Japanese karma machine."
"I dont know what this is  but it belongs here."
"Wow  just wow.."
"How I feel at 31 every fall while all the kiddies whine about going back to school/campus"
"I still laugh at this picture every time i see it"
"CAN I HAS TINSEL MIAOW?"
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas..."
"Christmas is coming  here's my present to you reddit"
"I AM THE SUN"
"Back you go"
"Let's put him right here."
"Fibonacci on Sandy."
"When someone complains about Reddit on Reddit [FIXED]"
"When a kid in my history class asked if Abraham Lincoln was still alive."
"Watching Microsoft's E3 press conference..."
"As a Nintendo fan watching the showcase.."
"How I feel when I see people with karma in the thousands and I still can't get past 10 after being on reddit for over 11 months."
"Oooh what is thi- NO! NONONONO!"
"NSFK- Not Safe For Kitty"
"This one always cracks me up."
"That was some awesome lightning"
"What a beautiful little girl..."
"Biding their time (xpost r/funny)"
"I find this relevant to the Mars landing"
"Most accurate cosplay ever?"
"Drop It"
"Never noticed this as a kid..."
"Spongebob is a lady's man"
"German Kitty watermelon"
"Ambassador Stevens being removed from the Benghazi embassy by attackers"
"Meet the Ridiculously photogenic downhill rider [x-post from /r/MTB]"
"How I feel when I do something awesome"
"Fruit and Veggie Owl"
"A Fruit Sculpture of an Owl"
"It's a goose!"
"a man being attacked by a leopard after he threw a stone at it"
"Pika-Cat"
"My cat wouldn't let me take a picture of him for my mandatory Cake Day pic  so here is my favorite cat picture instead."
"How I felt when I found out somebody has disallowed me from viewing their Facebook updates."
"Close enough."
"What the actual fuck? (NSFW)"
"Nice Park"
"Human-dog-iguana-centipede? (Sorry if repost)"
"Not sure what to name this kind of centipede."
"I don't know what to say about this... (Maybe NSFW?)"
"Dafuq did I just read?"
"Whenever someone points out that it's their cake day"
"Last words from a Gay Vietnam Veteran."
"This has gone too far"
"Googled &quot;Asian&quot; and got this. WTF."
"Thanks for the warning"
"Hitler....."
"Waffles with swag (x-post from r/WTF)."
"Mentos + Carlsberg = ?"
"Contributing to the WTF Revitalization"
"Who IS a good boy?"
"Can someone please pass the mustard?"
"Yummy!"
"The Man!"
"One of the first results when I google searched &quot;derp bear.&quot;"
"Whenever someone corrects me on the gender I call their pet"
"Just Freddy Mercury and Darth Vader"
"Is this the greatest photo ever taken?"
"Those f*cking locks"
"Nope."
"funny penguins"
"Oh the irony..."
"mmm... this is what souls must feel like"
"Swat team"
"I wonder if I can get away with this"
"How I felt during my first Anal Sex experience."
"Porn Logic"
"Look at this board closely"
"who rings a bell like this?"
"seems right"
"The legitimacy of this is unquestionable."
"happy hart day from Heavy"
"Nanananana.... BATMAN"
"DO NOT TRY THIS  EVER. (sewer gas explosion)"
"How I react with my recent sunburn"
"I found the manliest bar stool ever."
"This is how I feel sometimes."
"Prohibition: A tower built with barrels of alcohol  to be burned  1924. [700x878]"
"Prohibition: A tower built with barrels of alcohol  to be burned  1924."
"i will beat the HELL out of you!"
"Jacket of Death"
"double the aww"
"...if god would have created the world  this would be the reason for fundies."
"So THAT'S what happened!"
"Just a pinch of..."
"Shake That"
"Sheldon is even more epic"
"I'm not going out today."
"Which one do you take?"
"People keep telling me my feet smell."
"Phone Contacts"
"One taco to feed them all"
"Mouth-to-mouth taco transfusion"
"Here's a better picture that has nothing to do with Rapture or Macho Man"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"Classy as fuck."
"This is how I feel when people try to be impressive during class"
"T-Shirt"
"Yea the holo.... What?!?"
"That'll learn 'em!"
"Why isnt /r/ParentingWin a subreddit yet?"
"PANIC!"
"Me when I accidentally click on a link to r/politics"
"What I feel like playing as a scout in TF2"
"Appropriate URL"
"This was too much fun."
"Why are there more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee?"
"Hidden paradise"
"Studying hard for a test and not knowing the first question"
"Whenever I see an idea I thought up on the front page."
"Nature doesn't care about city planning"
"I'd shit bricks"
"Join the resistance!"
"If you can't go over............omnomnom"
"Old School"
"Like a boss."
"Anyone else remember waking their parents up on the weekends when they were little?"
"Stop touching me MAN!"
"To: andrewsmith1986"
"L.e.d. Zeppelin"
"Delightful"
"What a twist!"
"Probably a repost  but this is definitely WTF worthy."
"How I feel as a German with posts about Germany on the front page right now"
"How i feel when my ex goes insane after a breakup and i come out fine"
"I successfully backdoores with TF's ulti  destroying enemy Nexus in ARAM  while playing TF for the first time ever..."
"When I convince a friend to watch a show I like"
"Me noticing more dogs on the front page every day"
"4 years on Reddit. No regrets."
"Sassy comes in all ages."
"R.I.P. Shel Silverstein"
"As bad as the damn ASPCA commercials... Scumbag Futurama"
"BEES!!"
"I'm sure this is what Oprah always wanted to do."
"One of the many reasons I find Neil deGrasse Tyso so Attractive... dat Science."
"Just in case anyone forgot  Neil deGgrasse Tyson was a Bad MoFo back in the day."
"Official pillow of overly attached girlfriend.."
"Just beat this on the PS3. Wish I had listened to the critics and played it when it came out. But it bombed and now we only have the one."
"it's  so metal."
"Angry clown sex? (NSFW)"
"Silly Zippy"
"I met a butterfly the other day"
"Why I'm unemployed"
"Whenever someone overuses a meme in real life"
"Paranormal Cattivity"
"Anatomically correct male"
"The Male Brain (Possibly NSFW)"
"Mostly Accurate"
"When statues attack"
"When I realize the guy next to me is having MAJOR allergy issues."
"BITCH! (X-Post from r/funny)"
"Badass pug"
"If you think about it  this was totally like GTA for kids"
"I have $6 in my bank account  no gas and no groceries  I get paid on Friday"
"The Dark Knight Rises..."
"Latest Dark Knight Rises poster..."
"If Adam West were in TDKR"
"RISE"
"Me and my mom 1981-Now"
"I'm going to get drunk and eat chicken fingers."
"When i'm having a bad day [Fixed]"
"Nancy Reagan and Mr. T"
"An incredibly lucky shot of a bird shaking water off"
"Dammit Jack!"
"Quit whining about that arrow in your knee"
"Morrowind &gt; Skyrim (X-Post from /r/skyrim)"
"whoops!"
"No  Grandma"
"Disappoint this wasn't done sooner. (Miguel)"
"My reaction after every Stafford led 4th quarter comeback"
"You had one job  Abc 7."
"RIP Michael Clarke Duncan"
"when I peel the label off a bottle and now it sticks to my hand whenever I take a sip"
"&quot;Teeths&quot; - one of the most epic pictures I've seen"
"FPS realities [Fixed]"
"Watch out Ron!"
"Carved penises"
"Oooooo who lives in a ......"
"Those Eyes"
"And Jesus said: &quot;YOLO&quot;"
"If another assassins creed is made after this American revolution one  they are not allowed to make the whole thing in the present  and this is why"
"Just a baby mermaid..."
"Man turns his dead cat Orville into a remote control helicopter."
"Helicopter cat. Yeah  I know."
"Guy Turns Dead Cat Into Helicopter"
"Amphibious assault vehicles firing smoke grenades."
"I always wanted to know how it went! (got no love in r/funny)"
"The desire to march can strike anywhere and at any time."
"Overthinking"
"Her disaster explained"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996[FIXED]"
"Shit guys. It's finals week soon."
"Reality Sucks"
"Summers over... Time to go back to school..."
"After graduating from college"
"Still my favorite gif"
"My collection of gifs and images so far. Everything from Doctor Who to John Green."
"Note to self...."
"Note to self...."
"He isn't going to regret this look in 20 years or anything..."
"Beautiful view."
"How i feel every time i submit a link on reddit"
"Johannesburg  South Africa doesn't get snow very often  but when it does  it offers unique photos."
"I piss my pants laughing EVERY DAMN TIME"
"Whenever im trying to have fun in public with my girlfriend around(xpost from r/gifs)"
"Yeah yeah"
"My go to move when get on the dance floor"
"All grown up"
"Break Down"
"Whack-a-Kitty"
"No kittehs were harmed in the making of this GIF."
"How I feel when my ex girlfriend tells me how happy she and her new boyfriend are together"
"This isn't meth...it's CHARIZARD."
"When someone exposes a top comment for being a logical fallacy"
"56! 56! Now that's all I can think about!!! Fuck philosophy."
"Waffles!"
"I like how this guy rolls."
"what u find when on StumbleUpon"
"100% huh?"
"when a baby is staring at you and the parents aren't looking"
"Bruce Stark - Iron Bat"
"This is the end... beautiful friend. This is the end  my only friend  the end. [r/wtf gore]"
"Staying Alive!"
"The things they sell in Tesco these days..."
"Oh deer.."
"joyride"
"Payback!"
"asshole."
"Hey  Ass Hole"
"What an asshole"
"How to pick up chicks"
"Floor buffer"
"When I decide to cook dinner and the recipe tells me to use low heat"
"Whenever i see hour long porn videos"
"My reaction when someone posts a video that's over 3 minutes long to r/videos"
"How I feel when my professor gives us an assignment over the holiday weekend"
"When I see someone else's cakeday post on MY cakeday"
"This kid was on a mission!"
"USA swim team getting beaten by France"
"I liked Katy Perry and her friend's Halloween costumes this year."
"Teapot crab."
"Little Red Riding Ho'"
"This is Ninja."
"GTFO of my way!"
"Sexism"
"You have a little something on your head sir"
"How I end all my arguments"
