"When I see a rage comic out of its sub Reddit."
"The faces..."
"I re-colorized a picture too  you guys  how'd I do?"
"Reconfigured"
"Almost clear"
"now thats a selfie."
"So freaking adorable."
"Katy Perry with a fan [fixed]"
"It's my favourite kind of rice too..."
"Uncle Ben...."
"Red Bull  don't fail me now!!"
"Cake Day with cats and bacon"
"Our spending is spiraling out of control."
"I couldn't have said it better myself."
"Once upon a time..."
"If this doesn't make you smile I don't know what will...too cute...enjoy"
"Oh  hey."
"The times are even tough on Satan"
"New Profile Pic?"
"How I feel when I spend ages looking at a &quot;when you see it&quot; post and it finally hits me."
"brushy brushy."
"When your crush asks you who you like..."
"Charles Carreon..."
"Moon and Venus Over Switzerland — by David Kaplan [4255x2830]"
"Anyone else ever watch this show and think..."
"Horrible toes are in  so here is a picture of horrible toes. [NSFT]"
"When a Friend Tells Me All Memes Originated From 9gag"
"saturday night and imgur is down..."
"When I see someone repost inside an hour  and still get upvotes. [repost]"
"wut"
"That's enough internet for one day"
"I don't even"
"Fuck this I'm walking"
"Something about those eyes..."
"I googled &quot;kebab&quot;"
"When I say God doesn't exist"
"Incoming airstrike!"
"Front of the class"
"GameStop selling used... WHAT?"
"Period blood pool prank"
"When my professor says that the speech I wrote at 3 AM the night before is one of the best he's ever heard"
"Thought r/Eve might enjoy this"
"Baby Mozilla Firefox"
"The Cutest Fox Baby I Have Ever Seen!"
"Ostrich is Hugging the turns."
"Haaaaaaaay!"
"&quot;Human... Wat r u doing...&quot;"
"As an Electrical Engineer  I can't think of anything that could go wrong."
":("
"This needs to become a thing (x-post r/gifs)"
"A story of two friendly taffy makers."
"People who (allegedly) broke into a NYC subway station (3 train/148th St) and what they found."
"Swag..."
"Just a cat in a box."
"OMG  it is my cake day  EMERGENCY KITTENS!"
"box cat  comes from a box."
"KING"
"George Takei on Internet"
"Why does these go hand in hand?"
"My friend posted this on Facebook."
"That's new.(x-post from r/pokemon no seriously why was it there.)"
"Here Kitty  Kitty  Kitty..."
"My reaction to all these amazing summer /gonewild posts"
"How I felt finding out my only class on Monday is cancelled."
"On the topic of iOS maps..."
"Google Maps WIN"
"Solvay Conference (color)"
"An ant pushing a drop of water"
"Classy as fuck"
"Whenever I try to start a conversation with an attractive female"
"Who is she?"
"You're Welcome"
"only on Ellen"
"BREAKING NEWS: Gabe Newell has a BEARD!"
"Oh  just Michael Jackson drinking vodka with two little people  nothing to see here."
"Nice suit Vader..."
"how catching cold comes by"
"How Woody Harrelson feels about the Hostess situation"
"You're doing it wrong."
"Dad of the year"
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe..."
"This is the true issue this political season"
"Basicly sums up me and my dad's relationship"
"Little conversation me and my father had other day"
"And that's the truth!"
"FINALLY  my Facebook delivers. Under the title &quot;Lyk if u LUV Jesus &lt;3&quot;"
"what the fuck is this nope right here?..."
"Almost had it."
"this is the worst feeling a human could possibly feel [FIXED]"
"I'm usually not into this sort of thing  but I found these statistics to be particularly sobering..."
"How I felt through all 5.5 yrs of engineering school."
"Starbucks van design fail"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Ain't no one"
"Ain't no one"
"When I peruse 'new'"
"just one last thing"
"This got his attention.."
"Horny bastard."
"&quot;Come at me!&quot; - &quot;Okay.&quot;"
"Fast food is getting weird"
"Discovered this at work today. The most exciting thing that happened all day"
"She's the one that I want."
"Schoolkids and Prodigy"
"Prodigy... He eats lil children via lil children"
"Behold  Brother."
"We're going streaking!"
"A Pokemon can appear any time in tall grass. You need your own Pokemon for protection."
"I left half the sofa for you."
"MY LEGGGGGGGG..."
"15 is this many"
"You wanna know how I got these berries?"
"Gimme dat  I got this! Later  sucker!"
"Grand Theft Auto"
"Shut up  Charles"
"I find this fucking hilarious."
"We Will Never Forget Bad Luck Brian"
"How unfortunate"
"How to make a baby"
"Math makes me sad."
"How I feel when I get my paycheck"
"My ex had this really weird fetish..."
"World's larges land carnivore. So cute."
"MFW my roomate walks on me when im having a fap."
"All that's missing is a bacon hat..."
"Awww.. wait... Dafuq?"
"93 have just seen what 62 is looking at [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"Japan.... oh Japan..."
"How I feel when other people take my ideas and they rocket to the front page."
"First result from the Curiosity's ChemCam after blinking a rock to death"
"Loris"
"Do it yourself  doodler"
"Hmmm..that's actually really cool."
"Too soon?"
"Reddit in a nutshell [fixed]"
"I'm a guy  and this morning I forgot to wear underwear with my zipper jeans"
"Something bad is about to happen..."
"All /r/wtf has been lately is gore and porn. Thought I should bring back it's roots."
"Just missed my cake day. Also found a use for this gif. MFW ( i put sleeping pills in the cake that was given to the mods! )"
"Being semi-new here  this is what I feel like trying to post stuff on Reddit."
"What it's going to feel like waiting for the last eight episodes."
"Prison scene meets Brutal Death Metal"
"When I have a dog  I'm getting one of these..."
"Infinite Ron Swanson"
"What kind of sick fuck would wish this on anyone?"
"Each And Every Summer"
"Hot tubbing in an igloo village below Mt. Matterhorn in Switzerland"
"But you didn't see this coming."
"Why don't I have a hover board yet?"
"Today's the day Marty mcfly arrived in the future."
"Today is the day."
"I heard you liked cats- well so does Freddie Mercury... (x-post r/oldschoolcool)"
"Do You Believe In Magic?"
"My favorite magic trick"
"Pick A Card  Any Card. . ."
"BANANA"
"This is what happens when you forget to bronze your face"
"Now... where did I park"
"How I felt finding r/girlsinyogapants"
"I want this car."
"How my kids are going to learn the alphabet."
"the correct use of a pie chart"
"When I fap and get some on me"
"Christian  Atheists  and solo vs Jabba"
"When you see it!!!!"
"Here comes the train!"
"Back In Time"
"so true"
"Victory"
"Don't do this to your pets."
"Yo dawg  I heard you like pugs"
"NASA unveils picture from mars"
"The Jedi Master ..."
"How I view Jim Lehrer after last night's debate"
"Blue mountain lake"
"Jesus is Back. For Real."
"Every time I browse r/gonewild"
"Maybe they should"
"How I feel doing work late at night"
"My favorite gif ever"
"'Merica  Fuck Yeah!"
"Math class"
"...they hatin'"
"Sure thing  Spongebob."
"Please  water!"
"Not sure if repost"
"A group of astronomers were observing the center of the Milky Way using the laser guide star facility at Yepun."
"Try to cook something cuter"
"Cat Battle"
"Everyone has always wanted to know what goes on inside a mass murderers head. Well here you go..."
"Balla 4 mice"
"Playboy Cat"
"You can be anything"
"My dog has done this to me at least 10 times today..."
"Felix Baumgartner is a pussy."
"It's Felix  the cat!"
"She let this grow on her for 20 years..."
"So this is a legitimate price scale at my local body shop..."
"Atheism seems like a hot topic right now. So I googled it..."
"If X-Men played sports."
"No bring them back! [NSFW]"
"Breaking bad + Adventure time ="
"This is the definition of awesome. This super popular  beautiful girl at my school is going with this &quot;nobody&quot; to homecoming after he drove to her house and gave her roses."
"Everyone that comments on my thread"
"How to draw an owl"
"Adolf Hipster"
"Was replaying Half Life 2 when I noticed Alyx also kicks it old school"
"They should sell ketchup that looks like this around the 4th of July  I bet it would be a big seller"
"Please...I HAVE to know...what is it?"
"I'm watching you..."
"I'll be sure to keep that in mind."
"Meanwhile in Scotland"
"How I feel as a middle-aged parent clicking through the front page of Reddit"
"Dredd is in Payne"
"This just appeared on my Facebook feed."
"Sweet fighting game mash-up shit whippin"
"How I see some atheists apologizing over to r/islam."
"STD (Space Transmitted Disease)"
"This is an image of the Columbine senior class of 1999. Look in the top-left corner."
"Pic of Joseph Kittinger falling from 102 800 ft in 1959 during Project Excelsior"
"I'm not exactly sure what just happened"
"Discussing underwear with my girlfriend"
"Say cheee-OOOOHF"
"Younger Redditors don't know about real security problems"
"It's morphine time!"
"Morphine time!"
"woo"
"Beautiful bunny"
"USB stick for women"
"Holiday Vandalism"
"Hungry?"
"Fist of the North Star + special guest."
"ARISE  MY MINIONS"
"True story"
"Possibly the most ridiculous stunt by MacGyver"
"This is why we don't bring kids to the airport."
"Look. Just look."
"Get your shit together Tyrone [FIXED]"
"This not photoshop."
"Only in Canada!"
"Unreal! (Yes  this is an actual PC game screenshot)"
"Yes  this is an actual PC Game screenshot"
"Jesus Vs. Horus"
".... Lolwut?"
"Every time I get down voted to oblivion."
"What a handsome dog"
"aww otters"
"Internal monologue."
"Spongebob  NOOOOO!"
"Why isn't my house built like this?"
"When my boss asked me to go to Staples for the third time in two hours"
"I got this mother"
"I love you Batman"
"No or Yes? [gif]"
"&quot;No&quot; means &quot;Yes&quot;."
"HEYYEYAAEYAAAE mickey."
"25 Glorious Years Of Zelda"
"The dream has come true."
"A Bee Sting"
"How I feel"
"It All Started With This One Picture"
"Well I think she sleeps..."
"Nervous? Me?"
"om nom nom"
"I Feel Bad for Laughing as Hard as I Did"
"Scumbag Spiderman"
"Right in the feels"
"Don't move! There's something in your hair."
"My reaction when I heard there was going to be a new Muppet movie"
"How I feel about &quot;short&quot; assignments"
"Is there any other way to eat Nutella?"
"There is no hell like the mouth of a sea turtle.."
"Hey  I found a picture of your mom's vagina. [SFW]"
"You Bitch!"
"Baby Chameleon"
"2 month old chameleon"
"I will keep you safe  little one"
"Painted hands"
"You Ain't Got Nothing On Me"
"Things didn't work out so well for Snow White"
"Morning surf check...."
"Mitch Kramer used to touch his nose too much. Now he wins championships."
"I was watching the World Series when I realized..."
"She gets around."
"Sorry guy! I swear I didnt mean to"
"I'm sorry guys"
"Found this on my facebook. Flickering lights. Doesn't look like his original but I want these lights!"
"Thai Sculptor Transforms Scrap Parts Into Jumbo Autobots"
"FFS MOSES"
"Moses  stop it!"
"The Most Important Meal of the Day."
"Once you pop...."
"Midget surprise attack!"
"The cutest thing I've ever seen"
"How to successfully travel through puberty: A guide by Matt Lewis"
"Going to work on 3 hours of sleep"
"For some reason this makes me really happy"
"How joining reddit feels like."
"Is such a thing even possible?"
"Just a drop of water in front of a map"
"Just a drop of water in front of a map"
"Why vampires hate crucifixes. - Richard Pryor"
"Probably a repost  but it still makes me laugh whenever I see it."
"This is a picture of a couple getting married on one of the Izu islands in Japan where the air is full of poisonous gas due to volcanoes and people have to carry gas masks with them at all times."
"Whoever thought this was a good idea for an album cover... wow..."
"Yes  I also love the christian male President."
"(X post from wtf) nick cage 'bout to fuck your shit up!"
"how i feel when i find out my school is getting a 4 day weekend"
"Wonder Woman! You look different! It's the hair  isn't it?"
"I'm Jesusing"
"How I picture people in the East Coast."
"What it feels like every time I come up with a funny post"
"A very poignant photo of Kermit and Jim Henson"
"He's come to save the world.."
"OHSHITOHSHITOSHIT!!"
"o shit o shit o shit!"
"Nope... Not a single one..."
"A world of pain in 3-2-1..."
"Perfectly timed photo."
"I love you  son"
"First thing I thought of when I heard Hostess was bankrupt."
"Pretty much what I thought of season 2 of the The Walking Dead."
"4Chan explains The Bible."
"Forget gif that goes with any song  this is a song that goes with any gif."
"Oh Noes!"
"When I walk into the classroom early to find my teacher making out with another teacher"
"Trapped a spider under the CD cover  next morning......."
"The First...First"
"When I see a re-post of a re-post  I think to myself.."
"Soon."
"Reaction to r/spacedicks"
"Which pill would you choose?"
"I feel bad for laughing."
"I was kinda wondering..."
"Just chopping onions..."
"Venom."
"Zero fucks given"
"First day of school"
"This will blow your mind"
"Meteor. Stahp."
"My cake came early and ugly"
"how i feel when i need to take a shit in the morning before work"
"My first reaction to r/spacedicks"
"Oppa Gangam Style"
"Halloween costumes - cannot believe how cool this is"
"NYC just lost power. The empire stands alone."
"I can totally relate to a cat doing this. Especially my own cat."
"Hit the lights  please."
"Planking... Owling... I am more a fan of Hawking myself."
"sorry titanic"
"Getting in a girls pants for the first time"
"Trying to dance with a girl in a club"
"This is the incredible snapshot that appears to show an insect riding off into the sunset - on a bicycle."
"This gets so annoying when the conversation consists mostly of this."
"Russian missile artillery bombarding Grozny  Chechenya"
"This was the first thing I thought of when I saw this gif"
"Shit's on fire yo!"
"Every time I switch to the Weather Channel."
"Doggie style"
"I feel like my undergraduate degree was a solid bridge into real life..."
"Library? Staircase?"
"What the VP candidates would look like if they switched hair!"
"Ant holding a microchip under an electron microscope"
"No explanation. None."
"And thats why you shouldn't kiss a boxer"
"It's No Bologna"
"Reactions"
"Ah  college"
"This tattoo..."
"Classic Who's Line is it Anyway"
"Be polite."
"how much wood..."
"Dat ass"
"I request the highest of fives. - Barnabus Stinson"
"Just installed two 12-inch subs in my car.."
"Bitch  im fabulous"
"Deal with it"
"Falcon Punch!!!"
"Indian yo-mama joke"
"How I feel giving upvotes when people comment on what I submit"
"The Face of Evil"
"Mmmm... poopsicles"
"After two all-nighters  this will more than likely be me tomorrow in class"
"The Madness is in the eyes (fixed with more scars)"
"I googled &quot;vagina tattoos.&quot; I don't know what I was expecting  but it wasn't this..."
"My greatest achievement"
"Seriously  Facebook? Wtf."
"Found on Facebook  and now I'm atheist."
"The downfall of Facebook....."
"On my Facebook feed...spongebob  really?"
"NOPE"
"underwater sculpture park"
"Just a loving mom."
"People say my cat looks like Samuel Jackson  what does Reddit think? [FIXED]"
"Science is serious business"
"How to cheer a Redditor up when they're frustrated and angry"
"Story of my life..."
"not mine but hilarious"
"Oh right pokemon"
"Every white person in the club..."
"I want this done to my car"
"Kitty laundry"
"That Escalated Quickly"
"There's only one way to prove your love"
"Everyone at r/games when someone brings out Steam Sale"
"Craving something you are out of and finding out your s/o bought more earlier that day"
"Spinnin' Round"
"The perfect BLT [fixed]"
"I was listening to this song when I happened to click a link to this gif  I was disturbed and amused."
"We must bring back the dionosaurs"
"We must bring back the dinosaurs"
"Why? My god... why?"
"Just because you can doesn't mean you should"
"EVERYONE!"
"Oh Family Guy  you've done it again."
"Bubble Fish Tank Makes Me Uncomfortable"
"Pals"
"Muppets + Muppets = Angry Birds"
"Eye on the prize (x-post from r/pics)"
"I'm just a cunt..."
"PC LOAD LETTER? What the fuck does that mean?"
"Me at a [6]"
"Downvoting when I'm in a bad mood."
"When I found out the &quot;Z&quot; key downvotes"
"How I feel when I wake up and realize it's Friday"
"Every time I throw a party and none of the girls show up"
"What do you see? It is a sign!"
"Douchebag Jesus"
"How I felt as a kid when I threw pokemon cards away and watched kids scramble to get them"
"Happy Birthday  Bob Ross!"
"Suicide at Wendys"
"Whenever I click on an image link  without noticing it's from WTF..."
"The blackest man I have ever seen"
"Puppy tastes lime  goes full retard [gif]"
"Puppy + citrus ="
"Puppy vs. Lime"
"So many boobys"
"Class tomorrow and I haven't read chapter 4 yet? Better get drunk"
"Hang Ken Cave  Vietnam"
"Wakka Wakka Wakka Wakka"
"Death is the best wingman."
"I don't know why  but this still cracks me up every time i read it"
"My absolute favorite picture of all time. This is also how I usually pitch my &quot;awesome&quot; ideas to my friends."
"Happy Halloween from Australia(fixed)"
"Wait...wat?"
"Because Fuck Paying Attention"
"I always thought Romney was more of a crew cut guy"
"Imagine the outcome of the debates if this was the case..."
"I support Obamahair..."
"HAIRCUT SWAP!"
"If Obama and Romney swapped their hair"
"taken from a friend...If romney and obama switched hair"
"Obamny... Robama?"
"Car Problems"
"Gggggggg Ggggggg... G!? G! (ggggg-gggg gggg /g/GggggggGggg)"
"Subscribing"
"When people tell me they don't like cats."
"Mechanical Shaft..... you're dam right!"
"A Whole New World"
"Faster than light travel IS possible!!!"
"Oh  Crap! WATER!?!?!?!"
"TIMMY SLIDE!!!"
"Highway to The... I'm goin' t'Hell"
"Googled &quot;reddit in a nutshell&quot; truth ensued"
"Fucking incredible ! (x-post /r/woahdude)"
"Fading Faces (large GIF)"
"I know this belongs in r/onetruegod but I didn't want everyone else to miss out."
"down(ey) with the chinese"
"Sup bro?"
"Baby monkey's are adorable! Also  smart."
"WTF Tattoo [NSFW]"
"Ergonomics r/gaming style"
"I never looked at it this way before..."
"falcon punch!!!!"
"Are we allowed to repost that Taylor Swift photoshop this week? (Alabama/LSU)"
"Your move Taylor... - Imgur"
"Time to pay up Taylor"
"I see your &quot;best dog you'll see all day&quot; and raise you another"
"Whenever I check my posts on Reddit"
"Who needs arms?!"
"A new hope for Star Wars?"
"There is so much out there Luke."
"Priorities"
"Far too few axolotl's here."
"My reaction the first time I went to /r/FearMe"
"Just a reminder..."
"Well  at least pastafarians believe in an observable god..."
"Stop hitting yourself"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Every time I go shopping when drunk"
"how most of reddit is right now."
"I'm not the outside kind of kitty"
"I said get a CUP!"
"Seems legit."
"We had a little wind today."
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk."
"When I see a relationship status change to &quot;single&quot;."
"I predict to see a lot of this 10 days from now."
"Hate me if you want  but with about 24 left until the world ends..."
"Sunrise Reflected in a Bubble  Norway"
"How I feel anytime I post something from Reddit to my FB/Twitter and another redditor sees it"
"I just confirmed the Sun is 92 960 000 miles from Earth"
"This made my day"
"Seriously..."
"...and thats why its called uranus."
"Hey cat!"
"*Boop*"
"Here.. Take my drum"
"Drum solo!"
"wanna make out?"
"BALARRGHHH.... OHDAMNOBLARGHHH [NSFW]"
"Clever."
"Best Dexter themed cake ever!"
"Ron Swanson is the overly manly man"
"Spotted something familiar this while watching Parks and Rec"
"I feel paranoid even looking at this"
"Didn't see that coming..."
"When I up vote something at 0 and it makes the #1 spot on the front page"
"Making plumbers' butts attractive."
"Is it me  or does the RE6 logo look sexual.."
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"The hell is going on here?"
"The REAL Holy Trinity"
"Messi captured at Gunpoint!"
"When someone just keeps on talking."
"Yeah  Charlie..."
"When the huge wall of terms and conditions pops up..."
"Once i saw this i immediately thought &quot;The true face of America&quot;..."
"Mount Rainier weird clouds on thanksgiving sunrise"
"I Think He Did..."
"Burt and Ernie are not amused"
"Shit just got real!"
"Sesame Street on Romney's elimination of PBS"
"Sesame Street Strikes Back"
"Earth  Wind  and Zebra"
"How I feel when I see PDA"
"Dwight knows movies..."
"How to get every true false question right on a test"
"Yeah  I'll let him know..if I even find him."
"They said I could be anything"
"Splash Mountain Melee"
"How I feel sending resumes to small companies when I don't have an inside contact"
"Trying to join the Cleverbot karma train"
"My friend ordered a cappuccino and this is what he got.."
"Ayyyyyyyy sexy latte"
"To all you who hate spiders I have only one thing to say  If you strike me down  I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine."
"What kind of spider is this?"
"Yes it does work"
"What I think when girlfriend asks for honest opinion..."
"When I heard that Heidi Klum and Seal were getting divorced."
"MLK Jr.  he did a speech. Amirite?"
"That moment when you realise you've said something so stupid  you can't possibly defend it"
"My reaction after witnessing the today's r/WTF"
"Saw something pretty spectacular on /r/funny..."
"No matter how long you played for  this game is pretty nostalgia inducing."
"Huh what? Right! Uhh!"
"This is what I image shes listening to."
"I see your partial skull before losing baby teeth and raise you a whole skull with full dental view."
"How it feels to be outside right now"
"NASA's photo of lake-effect clouds forming over Michigan"
"YEEEEEAAAAAAAH!"
"Hardcore Parkor"
"Hardcore Parkour"
"Jesus promised the end of all wicked people..."
"Makes sense to me..."
"Jesus overshadowed by Thor once again!"
"Why does fire make this happen?"
"High Five Bro!"
"Yes  yes it is..."
"Moved into my new student house  this was in the freezer."
"Whats for lunch?"
"Soup of the day..."
"&quot;Home taping is killing record industry profits!&quot; [pic]"
"To everybody who is complaining about having to go to work early in the morning  this is from everybody who works night shift."
"Catface."
"This picture is on the first page when you google &quot;reddit god&quot;"
"Cat-tastic!"
"Searched for &quot;drunk cuddles&quot; and found this instead"
"Googled 'cat lord'  was not dissapointed. I present to you Cat Zeus"
"so i Googled the god of Reddit"
"Typed in King of reddit on google images  was not disappointed."
"Me coming online"
"Ice Canyon  Greenland"
"[GIF] Extremely happy kid on Jimmy Kimmel Live"
"Super Kitty"
"And the winner is..."
"My first attempt at a downvote gif"
"Poorly Placed Plant"
"It all makes sense now"
"I was surprised it wasn't done already."
"Cute Monkey!!"
"Doc! That Tickle!"
"Like a boss!"
"Upon seeing the new Hubble Extreme Deep Field image  my brain played some connect-the-dots."
"My face when my friend tricked me to go on r/spacedicks"
"Reading My Drunk Texts"
"It all makes sense now"
"This Is How I Feel Now That Bryan Cranston Didn't Win An Emmy"
"Imma let you finish..."
"Kanye would have felt right at home"
"My current wallpaper  I have a thing for futuristic cities."
"First thing I see browsing r/imgoingtohellforthis"
"Cat aka. Blake Griffin"
"How I feel when my crush texts me"
"Oh you know  just watching some porn at the public library."
"Whenever the title ruins a funny post."
"&quot;Rational arguments don't usually work...&quot; (keep seeing the wrong quote  so here's the right one)"
"For all the Age of Empires fans out there.."
"An idiot's guide to urination"
"In the last couple of hours"
"How I picture other redditors complaining about reposts"
"Someone should tell them thats tylenol."
"Anon has a repressed memory (Xpost)"
"move bitch"
"Who knew Praying Mantises could be so beautiful?"
"Whenever I see any &quot;Newest Hobbit Poster&quot; posts"
"I'm just going to paint a little quadlaser right there."
"I am both shocked and in awe"
"Witness Protection."
"Well shit..."
"MINE!"
"SO GODDAMN ADORABLE (x-post r/aww)"
"Hug"
"I hope he catches him."
"You are here."
"How I feel when a post I have previously seen with a [FIXED] tag delivers"
"Barack Obama IRL"
"The Duel"
"The Duel"
"Damn it hedgehog  I said stay away from the light!"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"the one time I watched the Notebook..."
"Incredible photos of Manhattan underwater and the NYC skyline without power!"
"Sandy"
"Reddit  I give you a pug within a pug."
"They had it coming."
"As someone who has such disdain for YOLO  I found this to be poetic justice. As a human being  I hope everyone is alright."
"Better luck next time"
"My 2011 Christmas party guest."
"I be looking like"
"The Clear Choice"
"Wheel"
"Muscle Man is the table"
"Eerie 8-bit forest in the rain"
"Your mother is so fat..."
"What i'm like after walking out of a movie theater"
"Pygmy marmosets"
"Pygmy Marmosets"
"Just another reason to get a cat"
"Hey army  whatcha thinkin bout?"
"One rim to rule them all (x-post /r/bicycling)"
"Found this in LifeProTips  but I knew where it really belonged..."
"Non-fiction version"
"It's hard being a man - extended version"
"He's a Magic Man."
"i love sensitive guys"
"Truckception"
"Wilson Costume"
"Wilson from Castaway cosplay"
"Daddy's girl"
"This may be long  but it is the single funniest thing I have ever read"
"Its not healthy how long I laughed at this."
"He may have seen them."
"Dalai Lama is Cyclops"
"I choose you!"
"Are you kidding me?"
"Instantaneously thought of you guys when I saw this."
"the versatility of dude"
"October 1st. About 47 seconds past midnight"
"Coming  ready or not !"
"This is how I feel when I hear people wanting to secede..."
"Rape; teach me."
"A perfect lover."
"Yup  that's why."
"This is my father and I  we just recently re-kindled out relationship after 18 years. Now he is in the hospital with kidney failure and most likely wont love much longer. How do you deal with loosing a loved one?"
"Literal Mario Kart for Halloween."
"Mario Karting into the Sunset"
"These guys were driving around my town tonight"
"Things you see at the gym"
"Googled &quot;best picture on the internet&quot;.... was not disappointed"
"Just a bit of advice."
"Found this gem on the Internet"
"Winnie the Gangsta Ass Pooh!"
"Pooh has some problems..."
"I'll just leave this shit here."
"o - o"
"Sometimes you just need a helping trunk. . ."
"Evolution  stahp!"
"Poor Dinos"
"An awesome three step optical illusion"
"Just some rockclimbing tents hanging from the side of a cliff..."
"Call upon the elements"
"So who remembers this game? Two words...flick targetting"
"When I browse &quot;new&quot; to find something of value."
"Just following the rules."
"Lumberjacks. Lumberjacks everywhere. NSFW"
"Time to unmask this monster..."
"I saw this movie poster and thought it was made by a reddit fan of Nicolas Cage. Nope. It's the real deal."
"Family Photo!"
"What the actual fuck?"
"As a male  how I feel browsing /r/LadyBoners"
"Everyone is posting pictures of sloths...This one tops them all!"
"There's only one ring of power  and it's not a purity ring"
"This is atheism WTF at its finest. Fuck this."
"When my video game deficient mother tells my brother and i to go play our X station."
"Holy shit i don't even know where to begin..."
"Tribeca Hurricane Sandy."
"So a bear found it's way onto a ski lift"
"Mammatocumulus in Perm (Russia)"
"Gaben"
"i'll just leave this here"
"Grammar"
"What it feels like trying Windows 8 after using XP for ten years..."
"Nigel Patrick Harris"
"Dream room as a kid."
"The room you always wanted"
"What have I done?"
"I can finally watch MY show now."
"Surprise buttsex (overshot)"
"I was just browsing the internet today when I found this gem..."
"Just saw this  awesome portal inspired Christmas decoration!"
"Must have been a good joke"
"When you see it.."
"Counter-Protest"
"Hear that! We're Saved! Rocks are going to heaven!"
"I'm never bowling the same way again"
"They proved us wrong guys  who's up for drinking some salt water?"
"Found him like that."
"Words cannot describe this poster to me......"
"Throwing your own poo. It's not a good look [SFW]"
"1. Fuck the police 2. Get KFC"
"This isn't exactly porn anymore [NSFW]"
"The double standard of having a choice on whether or not you want to be a parent."
"When saving someone from downvote hell."
"Gift Cat doesn't give a fuck"
"Kitty is not pleased."
"Oh yeah that's the spot!"
"Nice and Slow"
"The award for the most epic US president goes to..."
"Twitch_Romney.gif"
"It's not just Ed O'Neil reading the same newspaper..."
"Al Bundy? Amateur."
"a massive flock of Red-billed Queleas descends to drink"
"Kitty flashdance"
"Reddit  meet charlie!"
"I made a couch potato out of potato."
"Keeping it classy and legal(ish) on Halloween"
"Not quite sure what it is  but I like it"
"This sign is missing a letter (x-post /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Basic"
"A walrus hides its face in embarrassment as his buddy presents him with a birthday cake made entirely of whole fish"
"&quot;Why do you believe in god?&quot;"
"After playing through the demo 5 times...I finally made the whole Journey"
"When I'm watching a movie and see a popular .gif."
"Whe... Where... did he go?"
"The evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt."
"The Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"They start young...."
"My face reading everything on reddit today."
"I cleaned my toothbrush cup for the first time today  and I wish I had taken a picture of the nasty shit caked on the inside. When's the last time you cleaned yours? I'd love to see someone else's."
"What they see..."
"Just your average bad cosplay-OHMYSWEETJESUS"
"Before 'The Scream'"
"look at all them iphone 5's.. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Don't mess around with your brother (especially if you have a hook up list)"
"Logged into Reddit and saw that one of my posts has finally struck Karma gold"
"Sneezing Panda Get's a Surprise Check."
"Cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese"
"Just a stoned dog swinging."
"Who thought of this name?"
"I didn't see you there Smith."
"Army Trolling"
"Life before google"
"And nearly all of them are pets."
"Alot of pumpkin"
"Alot of pumpkin"
"What hairy legs you have  Miley."
"All of them."
"It's simple..you do this before leaving."
"This is how I feel browsing through the humor-based subreddits"
"How it feels browsing reddit..."
"I don't keep track of what I like to call 'mainstream media' (the whole Ron Swanson thing  politics  world news  etc). Lately I've been feeling guilty for now knowing  and feeling like this"
"This gif has been used a lot recently but this is how I felt the first time I visited /b"
"Quack quack."
"Carved Crayons."
"Reporting in Sir!"
"Kidnap?"
"My hero..."
"fun video game... i suppose"
"John Lennon snorting coke"
"R.I.P. 9 october 1940 – 8 december 1980"
"Batman on an elephant."
"Here's a trick for you lazy potatoes out there!"
"LPT: Create a snack bowl using the bag of chips"
"Faith lost in internet"
"Watching the presidential debate brings back childhood memories."
"Stupid people who like shitty music... I present to you  Lady Gaga."
"Everyone has one photo they lose their shit to  this is mine."
"Hurr Durr look at me!"
"iPods are so mainstream..."
"This guy wants the best audio quality meanwhile he's cooking."
"Cat with initiative"
"The original OAG of the 90s"
"You float on a throne of lies"
"Whenever I look at spacedicks before bed"
"When i'm taking a shit and I realize I forgot to bring my phone to the bathroom with me"
"Presents"
"Bismuth."
"A mesmerizingly beautiful Bismuth crystal."
"So this is what YOLO always meant...."
"Silly YouTube"
"With one sentence  Mark Twain points out the basic hypocrisy of Christians ..."
"B S..."
"Sega Boat Run"
"Grumpy cat meets Grunpy Hawk."
"I see the resemblance.."
"Oxford Commas have saved us"
"How i felt after seeing the temperatures for this week"
"My first thought as I woke up this morning and got on Facebook..."
"Time to get off the internet"
"Since everyone here is complaining about reposts..."
"Swagfag suffering from retardation."
"Clearest lake in the world."
"The Moon  Venus  Jupiter and Aldebaran"
"Troll Level 99"
"I missed my first cake day  My second cake day post got down voted into oblivion"
"That's not what she said..."
"A parasite in a ALL GLORY TO HYPNOTOAD!"
"I feel like r/aww needs more mice"
"Suddenly  Johnny Cash appears in my head"
"If you support either  you're sure to have a woody or a buzz"
"How I feel taking the bus with a ton of drunk students."
"If browsers were a sitcom..."
"I was hoping he'd flush."
"He makes a poncho looks badass [FIXED]"
"I'm a sheep herder"
"Lamp powered by 300 live apples!"
"This is an image from Hurricane Sandy's aftermath that's being passed around my friends Facebook walls  it's a roller coaster in the ocean in seaside heights  NJ."
"I FUCKING LOVE MY MORNING COFFEE!!!"
"My reaction when Obama won."
"doesn't give a single fuck"
"The see-through skin of an 2.5-centimeter-long glass frog reveals her eggs. Native to Venezuela  the frogs lay eggs in bushes and trees overhanging streams. Tadpoles hatch  then tumble into the current to be swept away."
"Space shuttle Atlantis over the Bahamas prior to docking with the ISS"
"Who carries a label maker everywhere they go?!"
"Holy shit people!!!"
"Beep Beep!"
"&quot;Meh  what's the harm!?&quot;"
"Muzzle safety (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Aftermath here of the &quot;hurricane winds&quot;"
"The aftermath of &quot;Hurricane&quot; Sandy"
"Cat Lover..."
"Bullets"
"How I Feel After Getting Over 1000 Upvotes"
"Repost for the Re-election!"
"To Romney/Ryan"
"As the ad's body copy says  these pants are &quot;for men only…real men…the three fisted variety.&quot;"
"Cock of the walk"
"The incontestable proof that men evolved from monkeys"
"I know that feel bro..."
"Teamwork"
"Ex came over last night looking for me."
"What i spent my school days doing..."
"&quot;Do you give a fuck?&quot; &quot;No  do you?&quot; &quot;No.&quot;"
"She's got that Bieber Fever (NSFW)!!"
"Just a baby alpaca"
"Rocky jr"
"Alcohol of this quality only shows up every four years"
"As a nail technician  I approve this message."
"O Noes!"
"Teen Titan Beastboy reading comic Hot... wait  wtf?"
"The original Forever Alone guy"
"The car stereo I wanted 10 years ago vs the one I want today"
"How I inspect/appreciate my lawn after cutting it"
"Little Idiot Puffin"
"Is it Worth it?"
"Old  but still good."
"I know how it feels now"
"Ever wondered what The Kings do in their School of Impersonation while you're away?[X-post]"
"Nagasaki Before and After"
"Merica"
"Went to the Vet's Office Today. This is How We Were Greeted."
"How it feels going back to school and seeing my classmates"
"Gravity defying floating House in Ukraine (Located 1 km from Krasnosilka)"
"Whenever I make a terrible post/comment"
"awkward penguin thanks you"
"My friend is king of SAPs"
"Discovered today that reddit isn't blocked by the filter at school"
"Africa"
"I guess I never really thought of it this way..."
"OH MY GOD KING!"
"Sad but true"
"Windows .."
"Most wtf gif you will see today [nsfw]"
"Balaa the 3 leveled waterfall"
"Spectacular Lebanese Waterfall View"
"Just another normal employee at the Apple Store... wait what?"
"Just another Apple Store employee"
"Lions and Turtles? they're cute. This is the only albino Gorilla humanity has ever seen."
"Erm..."
"Indeed very satanic.. Bwahaha!"
"Omarion (now Maybach O) hilarious entrance during Rick Ross' set @ Hip-hop BET Awards"
"Usain Bolt vs The Incredibles."
"The Dolomites in Italy"
"What is this oh my god dear lord no!"
"Oh Iguanas"
"1dog1laptop"
"Sitting on the couch with my laptop.then this happened"
"This always has been  and always will be  my favorite photo on the Internet."
"I would drink the hell out of this."
"like a boss."
"What happened here?"
"My little brother as Thor [x-post from r/pics]"
"Ouch"
"Browsing r/spacedicks"
"Found Facebook Gold today"
"True friend always helps"
"Cuteness level is over 9000!"
"Blueball factory"
"TBS tells us who Mike Gonzalez is."
"Laser cat"
"After a long day"
"Gotta.."
"As a white guy learning about slavery in an all black school..."
"Heroic dog"
"i'll save you (x-post from /r/funny)"
"A Falabella miniature horse ."
"Gotham Needs Me."
"Fuck logic"
"Disturbing school mascot. [FIXED]"
"How do I breathe without you?"
"Robbery gone wrong"
"My childhood in one gif."
"The truth about Mars"
"Son  I am not disappoint."
"What it feels like to hit the front page..."
"What Dr. Seuss could have called them...."
"Told her I was a dodger fan too. She wasn't very impressed."
"Well Thats Nice To Know"
"Halloween Costume?"
"Awesome Halloween Costume [NSFW]"
"What am I even looking at? [NSFW]"
"Just became lactose intolerant [x-post from /r/funny]"
"There was a sign in that tube carriage... (x-post r/london)"
"do you like dolphins?"
"I could see the angst building up in him."
"This guy. (Presidential Debate)"
"The Moderator"
"Summing up tonight's debate"
"Didn't have to cut me off!"
"The only thing I could think about after the Presidential Debate"
"Stand back!"
"Al Capone [1600 x 1200]"
"What was he thinking...."
"Well... shit."
"Ice cream in the ass."
"The only proper way to see Inception."
"porn before the internet....[SFW]"
"Clearly..."
"I used to spend significant amount of time daily studying this tree as a kid"
"I think this fits well..."
"Bycicle"
"To all the republicans on my Facebook page."
"Puuuuuush!!!"
"I'm not sure how to describe this... Pumpkin birth??[FB]"
"I HATE YOU!"
"The Yin Yang of world hunger"
"Under and out."
"This puppy was bitten by a snake....it may be cuter now than before."
"Dolphins vs Women [x-post from r/4chan]"
"As a male  this is the most horrifying picture I've ever seen.. !!Warning: Graphic!!!"
"Brought to you by are fellow 4chan /b/ros"
"The Giant Leopard Moth - that is all."
"Hate to have your tongue fall apart"
"True love"
"Hitting the spare on a 7-10 split"
"My take on the &quot;desert horseman&quot; gif"
"Reddit must be full of smart girls."
"It happens to the best of us"
"Dancing at a party"
"Boy saves sister from moose using World of Warcraft skills"
"Kitten with bubbles"
"Duck In A Cup"
"Get Mum another prozac."
"The Cat Factory"
"The Internet Explorer commercial came on when I was looking at this gif.."
"Whenever I answer a phone call from my parents"
"Cute baby happy about puppy!"
"Sexiest Dog in the World"
"Vampires .."
"Otter loves glass"
"It's super effective..."
"Stop Wineing."
"She hungry"
"how i looked my first time performing cunnilingus"
"I was trying to text a girl I like a picture I drew  I forgot to capitalize one letter in the URL  this cam up instead."
"pensive jake."
"Once again the Saints prove their worth!"
"Some things are not as they appear: an amazing optical illusion [animated GIF]"
"My Reaction after i found the reactiongifsarchive..."
"Whenever I see someone say something stupid online..."
"When someone says something stupid online"
"Men vs. Women (Venn diagram)"
"Looks like Hillary is still mad."
"Is this heterochromia?"
"Frogman Challenge. Don't stare..."
"Every time my wife tries to seduce me"
"Sentimental Keanu"
"Christian Bale's extreme weight fluctuations"
"&quot;It don't fit. See?&quot;"
"Third Wheel Level: Cat"
"we are all mature.."
"Obama On Guns"
"Some four-legged heroes have odd names"
"Whenever there's a NSFL post"
"Perfectly timed photo with Mitt Romney"
"O.O"
"You probably never thought that you'd ever see this."
"This is me right now dealing with my family crying over Obama's win"
"As a liberal reading all my conservative friends posts on facebook right now"
"Insects looking crystallized by dew"
"Pizza cat!"
"Pusheen Pizza: A how-to"
"illustration satirique sur le discours politique"
"Such majestic creatures."
"Psychopathic beatboxing"
"College Engineering"
"Our Best Prime Minister yet"
"ipod/ipad/..."
"When someone says wiener instead of hot dog"
"17 years robin hood rainbow"
"Follow These Directions"
"I am slightly confused about the recommended dosage"
"It has gone to far"
"...Wut?"
"Gorgeous"
"What could the History channel have possibly been showing for this to have happened?!"
"Facebook right now."
"Cristiano Ronaldo is stunned GIF"
"We had a surprise test today"
"EA and IGN"
"r/formula1 for the next month"
"Relating to the East Coast here in Arizona. Sandy."
"The initiation to get into this gang must be brutal"
"One of my favourite Scrubs moments."
"you disturb me nature!"
"WTF nature; WTF."
"What happens when you dont go to college"
"Best Halloween costume I've seen recently"
"What I imagine my Cat is thinking when I shout at him to stop clawing the curtains."
"She has a point..."
"Sexy..."
"Brock Samson doing what he does..."
"David Guetta's piano [fixed]"
"ABOOGABOOGABOOGA"
"stop judas das gay"
"The Dub The Dew contest was a success!"
"Mountain Dew delivers after 4chan's survey shenanigans."
"School. Asians take that shit seriously"
"The son of man did not come to be served  but to serve (Matthew 20:28)"
"The son did not come to be served but to serve..."
"close enough..."
"Every Time I Message a Girl I Like"
"Doggy Style? (x/post from /r/confusedboners) [NSFW]"
"I admit. I laughed a little too hard at this..."
"Whenever life gets you down  Mrs. Brown."
"The universe is a beautiful thing"
"1st Avenue... Venice or New York."
"Most animals look funnier when you shave them. Not bears. Bears look even more terrifying."
"This pic hooked me to reddit. Oldie but goodie"
"Snail"
"Grand Theft Walrus"
"Biden and Ryan Stare Down"
"Biden and Ryan cross paths after the debate."
"Ray"
"get Doreen an alligator;; Doreen loves alligators"
"This hit me right in the feels"
"Why i always choose Squirtle."
"So I missed M. Shadows AMA by like an hour..."
"Gotta love Japan"
"Excuse me..."
"This will be most of us on October 1st  12:00 A.M."
"/R/Apple in a few hours"
"/r/politics right now after debate tonight"
"i found this on tumblr. it made my heart melt."
"Nice work Legoland...."
"This is a brilliant installation piece by Mexican artist  Ivan Puig. He has titled it  “Hasta Las Narices ” which translated to English means “Fed up”"
"My next."
"My face when I discovered reddit and all its awesomeness"
"Gets me every time"
"Art imitates life."
"Dude  Let Me In  I'm A Fairy!"
"The New Star Trek Movie"
"Majora"
"When a teacher catches you chewing gum in class"
"Height of Supervising in an exam..."
"Say Whaaaaaat?"
"Fresh Prince of Shufflin"
"As Someone Who's Power Is Still On"
"The gravity is strong with this one."
"Feelin good about my 2 finals today except this is how they usually turn out"
"I wish this was my steady rate..."
"Yeah back the fuck up."
"Case in Point"
"Love you too Siri"
"Siri wants to fuck.."
"In remembrance of all we lost a year ago today."
"This Sept. 11th  let us honor those who fell this day  so many years ago. Never Forget."
"Favorite .gif of the year"
"My favorite thing to do during the holidays: Turn candy canes into peppermint flavored Christmas shanks."
"10 Top Tips to End Rape"
"I wish this was real"
"Seeing Iceland on the frontpage being Icelandic."
"Just found out that Tony Hawk is doing an AMA on my birthday..."
"Meet Murray. Murray has muttonchops."
"It's a trap"
"Awakening"
"Awakening"
"Base jumping in Yosemite"
"Alien vs Predator"
"Like a boss"
"Jagex Staff meeting"
"Pro Skating Superman"
"Best Wedding Cake Ever! [pic]"
"I'm sure you has..."
"I am a terrible person..."
"You're not the only one.[FB][FIXED](sorry it sucks)"
"I'll be back."
"Krangolantern"
"How does this even happen?"
"They are identical."
"Who would do that?"
"dolphin sex (NSFW)"
"Look at this completely original content I found!"
"Best lawyer card I've seen [IMG]"
"Pillow pet"
"Viva!"
"Just a baby anteater"
"Whenever my Blackberry freezes."
"Some dogs make bad choices."
"How I feel getting someone out in dodgeball."
"Party on isle 15!"
"Strange sign to see down the street..."
"I don't know what to think"
"When I open Reddit and I see a bunch of new Hurricane Sandy posts"
"So my curiosity got the better of me.. and I went on /r/Spaceclop"
"Someone suggested we watch Jersey Shore."
"My friends' reaction whenever i crack my neck."
"Vote for NOBODY"
"So that's what really happened...."
"A friend of mine made the front page. My exact reaction."
"Nobody touches my fruity pebbles.."
"Oh god batman  why?"
"And people worship this guy...?"
"impossible gravity jump"
"God help us if someone orders number 3"
"God help us if someone orders number 3 [xpost from /r/Halflife]"
"The 3rd Reich secret weapon [GIF]"
"I want to go to there"
"My refresh button was about to overheat"
"Party Time  Excellent!"
"Really dedicated to his halloween costume"
"Andy is a problem solver"
"His result was &quot;But hoes and tricks.&quot;"
"But it matches your requirements perfectly."
"the art of trolling"
"Concealable weapons"
"The only thing in my trophy case... [FIXED]"
"This is just dumb. I don't know what else to say about it."
"Bloody Hell (x-post from /r/linkable)"
"got this in my email today"
"Obama/Romney Battle"
"Obama/Romney battle"
"Happy birthday to Reddits favourite comedian."
"Happy Birthday Louis C.K."
"How I feel now having a girlfriend"
"Stop hitting yourself!"
"Halloween"
"Cash 4 Gold"
"My favorite 360 game  alright!"
"Apple Maps"
"Still more detailed than Apple Maps"
"For the college freshman?"
"Best Halloween costume ever: The Republican Method of Birth Control"
"So that's what happens.. [FIXED]"
"Long Exposure of a Lighthouse."
"This showed up in my feed. [fb]"
"50 State Movie Map"
"Just another road accident"
"Hilarious kayne west comic"
"OMG! Is this real??"
"Googled &quot;best picture ever&quot;. Got this face swap"
"How men feel browsing r/gonewild"
"My math teacher just posted a picture of his dog saying it looks like Jesus"
"I just found out this is how coffee looks like magnified gazillion times. It actually looks cool!"
"~5 year old smoking [x-post from r/pics]"
"Unlikely Love"
"Terry Crews ladies and gentlemen"
"POW! RIGHT IN THE KISSA"
"Falcon Punch"
"It's Rainbow Rooooaaaad! I'll miss you again!"
"oh my god  hello how are you welcome to my aquarium"
"We have to go back!!!!"
"Hand of god"
"No  I swear I didn't care!"
"I see what they did there"
"When imgur wont load intriguingly titled GW pics..."
"Damn..."
"[NSFW] - Mmm! Gummy Worms!"
"Well.. How much?"
"Thug Life"
"fuck this  i'm outta here"
"Flying close to a Volcano"
"Fire snakes on acid"
"And then it hit me"
"Such a hipster family."
"The trustworthiness of beards"
"It's not you..."
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man."
":)"
"Amazing sunset smile...."
"Black stereo types"
"Ye Shall Not Pass!"
"Oh hell yes"
"Wanna grab me a beer?"
"I'VE BEEN WAITING HOURS TO USE THIS"
"Obama's first phone call after tonight."
"told you so"
"U mad?"
"What I imagine Obama's face looked like when he was on the phone with Romney tonight."
"You're upset about Obama winning?"
"He won."
"Angry birds."
"Fuck you! [fixed]"
"The freeman that waited"
"Technical difficulties."
"First pic from Facebook to make me laugh since I joined Reddit [Not OC  will delete if repost just let me know]"
"Because sometimes we all need a little bit of reminding that we're flawless"
"Thank God for the Free Market (x post r/Libertarian)"
"This guy came to campus today and was preaching about how homosexuality is wrong. A few students got creative"
"I think I will start marketing this to creationists."
"Repost for sure  but still so worth it."
"Alright CNN  enough with the puns."
"Just another day at the office."
"A different way to think about hurricane sandy"
"Grandpa Lou doesn't mess around. (x-post /r/90sCartoons)"
"Planking irish style"
"It tastes different..."
"Too often  I'm told to believe in something greater than myself. I already do. It's called the natural Universe  and I'm more humbled by it than Christians are by God."
"I can't get enough of this chick"
"Emma Watson - a free ticket to endless karma"
"I hate being woke up at night!"
"Matteo the Sloth!"
"Cuteness Army is here!"
"Listening to people talk about the proposed CBA"
"Tonight's Presidential Debates"
"Lions chilling"
"Oh! Canada!"
"How I imagine 4chan feels every time we talk about them"
"Diving"
"Hilarious Pictures of Olympic Divers"
"Nicholas Cage Stars in &quot;DrunkCon Air&quot;"
"When I see Reddit filled with blue links..."
"Make a Map Good Enough and it will be Used for 4.54 Billion Years"
"Cat + laserpen = endless fun"
"You've got hands in your hair."
"Why"
"Space"
"What the fuck Sean Connery??????"
"How I feel when I touch the &quot;wet paint&quot;."
"...and it never happened again!"
"Peter look like an anus"
"Am I Turtley Enough for the Turtle Club?"
"Winner over here!"
"That's not fruit!"
"I just can't stop laughing at these two!"
"Like What You See?"
"Luck"
"Union Tribune ad placement fail"
"Lady Gaga"
"fits nicely"
"I am Leg (x-post from WTF)"
"Like you wouldn't"
"How I feel when I see all the &quot;highschool sucks&quot; posts on twitter and facebook."
"i get knocked down..."
"Like a BOSS - [video in comments]"
"In the aftermath of Sandy hitting the East Coast"
"After waking up to frost on my car"
"Hey  Listen!... OH GOD - Imgur"
"Vito dancing to dubstep"
"I don't know why  but I love this"
"The fragrance of dark coffee in the rain..."
"I knew it needing something smooth."
"Tonight"
"I thought this went pretty well together"
"Classic Gif Made Better with the Sound of Rain"
"Stephen Fry on being offended"
"Just some synchronized olympic swimmers"
"How soon is too soon?"
"Is this too cheesy??"
"Do the skrillex!"
"Silly skrilly"
"Before I learned of the Discovery channel this is how I learned"
"Me  when I finally get back in the house after being out in the heat."
"When my wife is sick and wants to go to the doctor  I can only think of this. Every single time."
"Palestine"
"Dear NASA: Please take lots of very high-quality photos of Space Shuttle Atlantis  and Space Shuttle Discovery  and Space Shuttle Endeavour parked together -- like Lockheed Martin did for the USAF SR-71 Blackbirds seen in this picture -- before you send the shuttles to their new homes. Thank you."
"today is the day O.o"
"My boyfriend when my period comes"
"I miss watching this guy..."
"Like hell there is...."
"thats a cool hair cut!"
"A serious issue.."
"Reasons to not vote for Romney (Credit goes to @DragonflyJonez on twitter)"
"Found this gem on twitter tonight... Please consider when casting you're vote this year."
"Smile"
"The best Stan Lee cameo  ever."
"Disco"
"Someones afraid of the vet."
"Are you ready to handle a Furby?"
"GTA 4 in a nutshell"
"And I thought I'd never see this on my [fb]"
"The most awkward moment for a pedophile..."
"Kindles have nothing on this. Trinity Library  Dublin."
"Is it still zooming in?"
"So this happened today at the Mexico / United States border."
"I don't think that's right... [x-post from r/WTF]"
"Can't stand it."
"Fu*kin Sale in JAPAN"
"Balls in your mouth"
"The Teabag Tornado [Cross Post from /r/gifs]"
"This is what my town is famous for"
"something i found while looking at my cousins pictures"
"Reddit and Reposts nowadays (ironic repost)"
"How I look when I notice the person next to me in a lecture is eating."
"How I feel about Reddit posts sometimes."
"Unexpectedly Cute"
"I googled what it feels like to be high"
"That's what I call a think tank"
"Intersting..."
"NOPE"
"How NOT to be a sports fan."
"When I first read John Boehner's name"
"Only half of the building loaded..."
"Squirrel primping"
"Science and Religion…"
"Evolution"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"Why does this not exist"
"Didn't see that coming..."
"Whenever I browse r/foodporn"
"Learning how to Gangnam Style after a shower..."
"Maybe it is  maybe it isn't. We won't know until we open it up."
"A Muslim girl from a town I used to live in wrote a local ice cream company. This is reply she received."
"Lols! (X-Post from WTF)"
"Yo  just hanging bro (Fixed)"
"Bad Girls  Bad Girls  what'cha gonna do?"
"Let there be lobster cock."
"every day"
"What trying to be a knight of /new/ feels like at 6AM with no sleep."
"Watch out world."
"Prophet Muhammad says............."
"All I could think of at the end of The Dark Knight Rises (SPOILERS)"
"When someone replies to my comment but doesn't upvote or downvote the comment."
"3-D Gummy Bear Anatomy"
"Some places are just too hard to reach!"
"Why on earth are pandas revered?"
"Amazing statue of an underwater jesus in the Maltese."
"What I do the second I get home"
"When you don't understand a joke but your friends do"
"mine."
"mine mine mine mine!"
"What a stud"
"Rock out with your cock out! [NSFW]"
"Obama  after cramming his head full of facts and figures in preparation for the Tuesday night debate with Romney"
"Everyone has an incentive."
"Everyone deserves to be treated equally!"
"How to wash your cat....yes im a dog person"
"Awkward gym enthusiast"
"First I was like...but then I was like.[Fixed]"
"Harry Potter  biggest problem"
"Go big or go home."
"Ladies and gentlemen - We got him!!"
"Beach at sunset with fisheye effect. [1920 x 1200]"
"I think of this every time he says this line. Every damn time."
"Sofia Vergara loves the banana"
"Sofia Vergara has good technique"
"When I dip  you dip  we dip!"
"I'm sexy  I'm cute..."
"Mittens visits Chipotle"
"Season's Greetings!"
"Mob Justice NSFW"
"I hope this doesn't catch on."
"It's a hard life  in the forest."
"Golden Retriever family cuddling up for the first time"
"Semi used tail whip! It's super effective!"
"Taxi!"
"The lid."
"The lid."
"These two guys belong here"
"go on  give him a treat!"
"oppa cleaninglady style (gif)"
"Hat."
"WTF"
"A fine summary"
"Thanks to me being on vacation this week once I get Borderlands 2 tomorrow I will never see this..."
"Lycan Homophones"
"Classy."
"Sometimes I don't want to know..."
"Romney reaching out to a new demographic."
"How I feel after my first post has been doing well."
"Beware of dog..."
"Beware of dog..."
"GTA dating logic"
"PTSD"
"IMGUR is down!!!"
"religious hypocrisy. condoms are bad but machine guns are good."
"Honey  there is some Quack outside our window."
"Giant octopus cake with hypnofrog eyes"
"How to always win a fight."
"The Beard Slap"
"If only"
"This melts my heart every time"
"Most aww gif of all time?"
"A little aww for you guys"
"You Poor Thing"
"Grant rants that an ant can't lift a plant on a slant. Grant should recant his chant  because I found a defiant ant who can!"
"Mad Love"
"Anyone know where to get one of these?"
"My reaction to every moneyhead picture..."
"PACMAN"
"Been a redditor for almost a year now and I just stumbled onto spacedicks for the first time"
"Kitty masseuse"
"HIFW getting 10 FB-notifications because it's my birthday"
"All those planets and stars and shit"
"A Journey Through the Observable Universe. (Be patient  it is an 18.1 mb gif  but its worth it.)"
"Tailwhip to roadkill."
"What is that under her chin?"
"Inside &quot;Africa Face&quot; Guy's Head"
"Stocking up on..."
"Adventure Time  I tell you what"
"I choose you."
"visited /r/penis today for the first time..."
"How I feel when I browse reddit."
"Coloured ants"
"Shhh. . ."
"[FB] Are you fucking kidding me."
"So THIS just came up on my facebook feed..."
"At a loss for words"
"Aww man"
"&quot;Hey Frank  have you seen the - oh my god what the fuck&quot;"
"[NSFW] Son  I am dissapoint"
"Apple will sue someone.."
"Exactly what you do NOT want to see when you turn on the lights."
"Pinky"
"well..."
"cat racers"
"I showed my sisters a post from r/funny while skyping."
"I said what the fuck out loud to this"
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"Browsing /r/PhotoshopBattles  when suddenly..."
"Wat"
"In the face [Fixed]"
"Found this it scares me..."
"Aww &lt;3 Friends - The story behind this picture is this: Every day - at the same time - she waits for him... He comes... and they go for a walk"
"The two things I love.."
"Longest 5 Minutes of My Life"
"my very first rage comic (true story lol)"
"Kids in few few years will not even get this..."
"Can't believe he didn't think of that before"
"Rock star puppy."
"hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAAHAHAHAHHHHH"
"Ohh Facebook."
"nice eyes"
"Cat with heterochromia iridum"
"swan dive"
"I FUCKING LOVE LEAVES"
"What's really happening inside the Normandy"
"When I get placed back into the same game I just raged-quit from."
"fractal tom selleck"
"Whenever i'm lacking inspiration i read this amazing quote."
"Morning Glory Clouds over Australia."
"Most metal motherfucker you ever SEEN"
"Backup Box"
"I Named My Penis"
"Mountain Man"
"My friend's puppy GETTING SWOLL"
"How I feel taking pictures with my roommate who works at a tanning salon."
"This guy is just awesome."
"Perfect Shot"
"[SHOPPED?] Disspelling the Incredibility"
"Oh Sh*t  I'm Late."
"Possibly a repost  just saw this and had to post it! Random texts FTW"
"Mr. Taco"
"Press &quot;X&quot; they said... it'll be easy they said..."
"This made me laugh a little too much.."
"Happy Halloween Reddit"
"I don't even have the words"
"Does anyone know the source of this? I realized I've been using it as a twitter header without permission  and want to pay some dues for the right to use it"
"All mine!"
"The Avenger's inbred cousins."
"What the Avengers would look like if they had no money"
"Yo dawg"
"Before you go go"
"Bane dancing to some Starfucker"
"Teach me how to leave Gotham in Ashes"
"Me when I go out"
"Lava Tube Cave in Tulelake  California"
"Apparently  Rocks are Getting Upvoted"
"/r/PostRock didn't appreciate this. Maybe you will"
"Guy who saves his poop in condoms."
"Steam  I'm not even that old"
"Crosspost from /r/wtf. Can other ents hear the noise this GIF makes in your head? I can't stop watching this."
"How I feel when I get a single upvote"
"I really would like to have a scissor now"
"is this 4 or 5 pandas?"
"Public toilets in Europe."
"You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder."
"Just chillin'"
"He doesn't seem so cute anymore..."
"Perfect for those that hate their children."
"smallest deer"
"A concept most of Christianity cannot grasp."
"Off to hell I go."
"Can anyone tell me what just happened?"
"Just a gif of an animation of a naked man sliding on his feet raping soldiers."
"when I come across a NSFW pic on the front page"
"File under &quot;things you never heard a fundie say after a debate&quot;......."
"So simple  yet so ingenious"
"When I celebrate winning a game of fantasy football too early."
"Oscar's realization"
"BEAST WARS"
"Bert And Ernie"
"Black Ops 2 - Some revolutionary stuff going on there."
"Back To School ?!?!?"
"This kid has style"
"haters..."
"Your Majesty"
"When my girlfriend got me a black tee and aviators to be Johnny Bravo for Halloween..."
"Ball. Face."
"Ripley and Jonesy"
"My life was a lie!"
"tic tacs"
"Dramatic cat."
"HOLY CATNIP!"
"Squiggly Squiggly"
"Enjoying that ice cream?"
"Me on new years day."
"Just a Raccoon and Cat Hugging"
"Sorry if this is a repost. I saw it and loved it!"
"jazzgasm.jpg"
"Yer A Lizard Harry"
"So I was looking for lizard puns..."
"I was looking for lizard puns..."
"Time to dance"
"They grow up so fast."
"No poops! No oops!"
"Today  my internet went down"
"Has anyone found this sweater for sale yet?"
"Dog smells something.."
"i think i know this... but i dont really wanna say it..."
"Siberian Baby Husky Sleeping"
"This man deserves an award..."
"You don't say"
"Anyone else had to leave WTF because it's truly WTF now?"
"Nailed it."
"This popped up when I searched &quot;pics&quot; on google."
"Yep I'm stealing this obituary idea"
"I want to get off MR BONES WILD RIDE"
"From r/gaming. How to survive a zombie apocalypse."
"This is my greatest accomplishment in life."
"Deal with it..."
"My friends' &quot;finger money&quot; finally fell asleep"
"God! please shower your blessings on us"
"Soon..."
"Starwars like a sir."
"Late for work..."
"Sieg Heil?"
"He does makes a good point"
"pwned!"
"I see your lap giraffe and raise you a house hippo."
"And here is another pie chart."
"I agree it's time to party"
"Move Your Body (with music that works) [I hate this music BTW]"
"Can't stop  won't stop"
"Style of the Family"
"A game of world conquest"
"How I imagine people who submit shitty links and stay at 1 upvote."
"dat wiggle"
"Meanwhile in Australia"
"At least someone will be enjoying Hurricane Sandy this weekend"
"Virginity Intact"
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills..."
"Just two guys hanging off of the top of the Empire State building"
"Fact"
"Family bonding in the pool"
"This is why I love the Perry Bible Fellowship &lt;3"
"Wat"
"Finally shaving after 3 months"
"Patrick  i'm scared"
"Striking Multiple Exposure Shot of Takeoffs at Hannover Airport"
"Getting an upvote on reddit."
"don't."
"When boss comes back to the office"
"yeah girls"
"Suddenly  Moose"
"I mustache you a question"
"Truth. Truthier. TruTheist."
"Mark Twain – ‘It’s easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.’"
"Extreme parenting"
"Flee Ohio"
"Gets Me Every Time"
"Happens all too often"
"What photoshoppers can achieve"
"An air bubble in a droplet of water in space"
"Hey guys!"
"My new favorite Obama pic"
"It goes so well..."
"It goes so well..."
"Did a clean-up of my computer - came across this picture - laughed for about an hour"
"saw this on r/gifs and instantly thought of this song"
"The first person ever to evolve his Magikarp in 1996"
"Seahorse Giving Birth"
"This always gets me to laugh."
"&quot;But I said give to the needy&quot; - Jesus"
"Fear not hell"
"What in the fucking fuck..."
"Cat flipping. For science."
"Obi-Wan goes dnb"
"I've never been so amused and offended at the same time."
"It's bad taste."
"Diversity."
"my dog playing with the neighbors cat AWWWWWWWW"
"New Monkey Discovered - He seems to have a mellow soul"
"Quit playin yo"
"NOPE."
"Next Halloween Costume"
"Decided to type into Google &quot;The most adorable thing ever in the world.&quot; Well  can't say i'm not satisfied."
"MUSTACHES!"
"Everybody likes having their belly rubbed."
"Whenever i walk into a room full of women"
"Mmmmmmm"
"Indeed"
"Is that real?"
"There's no way that any person feels differently than this"
"Fuck this shit!!"
"I Laughed way too hard at this"
"I'm sorry what."
"Whenever I post to the wrong subreddit and the mods ask me to remove it !!"
"i never felt this way before...and i owe it all to you."
"How I feel seeing all of these Muhammed pictures after all of the Riots"
"Found this while I was surfing the net  needless to say I was shocked."
"Patrick Stewart - Can't be unseen!"
"That awkward moment when you bump into someone."
"Japan."
"Older than the internet but still my favorite meth before and after"
"Fuck Twitter."
"Male Chastity Belt"
"Lets see what your personality is"
"Be healthy  kids."
"I shall call him... Mini-Prince!"
"I came here to fuck bitches"
"It is not a clever app."
"Then again  who is?!"
"clothes explosion (NSFW)ish"
"After one official year on Reddit  here's how I feel about 4chan."
"So a friend posted this picture on Facebook."
"Finally  my dream has come true!"
"This took me a hell of a lot longer than it should have."
"Reddit needs more sloths [FIXED]"
"Takes balls.."
"In a thread someone requested a upvote gif so i made it. link to thread in comments"
"Amazing Parisian Door"
"Yoink!"
"Birds are assholes."
"Not Impressed Obama"
"Sakurajima volcano"
"Bitch  I'm fabulous"
"how i expect to come back from the first day of school"
"ALL HAIL! THE GOD OF REDDIT!"
"McCarthy: &quot;I'm going to kill you if you don't give me back my clothe  Bieber!&quot;"
"who wants to be a millionaire special edition."
"Oh Hai"
"Bed has seen some shit"
"Memory foam."
"Meet grumpy cat"
"I disagree. Here is SwansonCat"
"Whack yo"
"First post. Straight up disco infernos"
"This is what annoying Facebook kids look like when they talk about how much MySpace sucks."
"Best Friends"
"Sign me the fuck up!"
"Karate kid 4"
"I feel bad for laughing so much at this"
"Happened to me today:"
"Browsing Netflix and I realized this needs to happen again."
"The stones look so Zen. [792x720]"
"Do you want this octopus to have fewer legs?"
"You shall not pass"
"The Last Downvoter"
"For some reason"
"He must've been hungry."
"Something's not right here.."
"Ultimate Photobomb"
"It's a cute little...uh...er...animal?"
"Parkour Cat needs no gravity!"
"Happy hump day..."
"Both teams were probably pretty distracted"
"fight! fight! fight!"
"THIS"
"No thanks..."
"Artist takes every drug known to man  draws self portraits after each use."
"Priceless"
"Rabbit"
"Adorable Assassination."
"Is that a camera?!"
"18 years later and I finally figured out that all I had to do was press &quot;F&quot; and I could get away"
"One megabite"
"USB Puppy now compatible with all systems"
"These inbreds disgust me"
"What is wrong with inciting intense dislike of a religion..."
"You don't say?"
"The Hidden Life Within....."
"So this appeared on my news feed today..."
"EVERYBODY!"
"Opportunities should not be missed ;)"
"Taking a dip."
"I will never poop in peace ever again."
"Still  to this day cracks me up every time i see this."
"Spotted in the UK: The slippery slope of gun control...[X-Post from r/guns]"
"Genghis Khan during his time [xpost from /r/history]"
"Low Five"
"Uh oh..."
"New York City - Day to night in one amazing photo"
"One of those facebook pictures that always gets me."
"The Mayans were right..."
"When eyelashes attack!"
"Spoiler God Damn You  Gale!"
"As a Republican this is all I can hope for now."
"this is one of her more dramatic photoshoots"
"DUCK or RABBIT ?"
"coming out of the bathroom after a ghost poop"
"The Corgi and the Snowball"
"A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska  photographed by Camille Seaman on June 22  2012. (© Camille Seaman) [1247×787]"
"cat and dog asleep"
"If you had this  you were the coolest kid on the block (Fixed)"
"So I clicked the random button."
"Guess who?"
"Why can't our presidents be this bad ass anymore?"
"Batman has had enough"
"W-W-WALLPAPER DUMP"
"I'd give him a gold medal."
"Worst part of my childhood"
"Sweeping Rage"
"Obama appreciates Pirates"
"Seems legit."
"How the virgin birth theory started...when a young woman lied to her man."
"Well that changes everything"
"This is porn!"
"Reddit Right Now"
"Obama. 'Nuff said"
"Too cute to even look at"
"Street Dance???"
"Maybe it's just me  but the level of effort and genius here is simply incomprehensible."
"Poetry of Nature"
"Grasshopper eating a carrot"
"Get that girly shit out of here!"
"How male redditors would handle Pintrest"
"Evolving er.. outwards."
"Ow my joints"
"Smile"
"Like a Boss"
"Business Cat"
"Zach Braff filling gaylords"
"Wiping in the NFL."
"Everyone really is looking for a bargain(NSFW?)"
"Rob Ryan has another message for you"
"Father of the Year Award goes to..."
"How Fucking Retarded is the Planet?"
"you mean...Scrabble?"
"Used to hate these as a kid. Now I'm tempted to print one out for ole times' sake"
"&quot;Hey fellas  come check this out!&quot;"
"Poor realist"
"This teacher needs some help"
"I made the exact face"
"I think it'll really class up the dining room."
"Why would anyone do that?"
"A man walks in to a bar."
"Best recipe ever."
"Inflatable unicorn horn for cats!"
"Anyone in need of karma?"
"At first I was all...But then I was like..."
"Discovered Adult Friend Finder in my mom's history folder"
"looked up &quot;classy velociraptor&quot;  Google did not disapoint"
"'Merica"
"'Merica 2.0"
"Real World Bard"
"and this is coming from a 14 year old girl..."
"This time it actually is for science."
"Google image searched &quot;Rap music&quot;; I was not dissapointed."
"Whenever someone tries to spoil the ending of a movie."
"I present the upvote machine gif"
"Me after five seconds in the &quot;picture you can't see without laughing&quot; thread"
"The Lower Eastside"
"Repost!!!"
"Shakespeare thy pimp."
"Shakespeare's advice for getting bitches"
"ROMNEY-RYAN: LEADING THE CHARGE"
"Trollface Moose: Problem  hunter?"
"Trying to get to the front page...with a repost"
"You go girl"
"Don't screw with tuba players."
"Romney in the Debate"
"Gotta dance!"
"True Story"
"True story"
"Run Kitty Run!!!!"
"Life lessons from Adam"
"Friend asked me how you &quot;beat Reddit&quot;. I told her you don't really beat Reddit; got this pic a hour later with the text &quot;I think I win&quot;"
"Mr. Whiskers"
"look at me daddy."
"Escalator Slide"
"I tried showing off today..."
"When I get one up vote and then another person down votes me."
"A typical chinese sandwich..."
"Ohh Come here you little..."
"i sowwy....."
"Oh  the differences..."
"Reserved seating"
"cheat meals [x-post from r/funny]"
"NOM NOM"
"Remember that Garfield derp comic submitted a few days ago? There were no good quality large files of it so I recreated it."
"Someone broke Garfield."
"There's that one cookie..."
"wanna try fight this girl?"
"I hate these bastards so much"
"Everybody on r/aww with cats"
"Zoidberg - Saurus."
"Evolution of the Batman Logo"
"A momma with her awwlet"
"Scumbag protesters"
"(New here  if this is a repost  let me know and ill take it down. People seem really upset about reposts.)"
"OMG it was you!"
"Omg it was him."
"Why I stick to Reddit"
"Flock Up"
"BIRDS ON BIRDS ON BIRDS"
"Saw this World of Warcraft load screen and knew this had to be done"
"that kid"
"My current favorite picture from my downloads folder."
"It's been nearly 20 years and i still haven't beaten this guy...."
"Aladeen Mothafucker Part II"
"This is actually quite terrifying."
"I was feeling down and my friend sent me this..."
"What it's like being on Reddit"
"Work out plan. Reddit style."
"How you doing baby *wink*"
"We all know who really should be president."
"The sad  sad truth"
"Searched Nazi Cat  was not dissappointed"
"careful... careful... boop!"
"Cupcake dog war flashbacks GIF"
"What'd you say ?"
"when you try to make food at 2 AM"
"WOOP WOOP WOOP WOOP"
"For all you Redditors that didn't get any tonight..."
"Well  I'll be damned..."
"i wish this could be real"
"We do need more bayonets like this one."
"What's the difference?"
"Where da milk at"
"The longer you watch  the more nightmare inducing it becomes."
"...And my bow."
"Perhaps this is something Chic-fil-a may like to consider doing:"
"Hai there."
"NOON..."
"this place is a dump"
"Wisteria Tunnel in the Kawachi Fuji Gardens"
"Nightmare..."
"Think outside the box this father's day..."
"How I felt when I considered posting a funny comment about someone with Downs for Karma"
"sometimes i like to plant flowers in a red wagon..."
"FABULOUS."
"This Is How I Imagine Romney"
"5 Gum"
"Hes playing the 99% in his new movie"
"family guy face swap"
"i was in a bar..."
"I was in a bar..."
"2001: A GIF Odyssey"
"Thaitanic"
"Hamster is always watching you"
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"Couldnt have put it better myself"
"Man asks do I know you. Says No I dont. Walks away. Files police report"
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"Sharks are respected"
"so this is a trend in japan now.. not even surprised"
"I knew it!"
"Fresh dance moves to bring to the club...."
"Dancing using math equations.....lolwut?"
"Changing the game of flip cup one ass at a time"
"&quot;Marriage must be as it is defined in the Bible!&quot; Really? Are you SURE you know what that means?"
"Find the cat"
"Mum emailed this to me. Where is the cat? Give it a go  I found it after 35 minutes."
"Found this on a site with pictures meant to restore my faith in humanity"
"FUUUUUUU"
"How many other times will you see this in your life? Baby deer + Baby Fox."
"Guess the web browser game!"
"All you haters suck my balls."
"Cutest thing I've ever found on the internet"
"My wallet."
"Nice and Easy"
"Nice haircut!"
"DVD success"
"Karma's a bitch"
"me. every morning"
"This Dog is Awesome"
"A little note on the gas pump...(from FB)"
"Dat smile."
"I see your Halloween 'wins'  but I still await a two person costume of this!"
"Ren &amp; Stimpy  at it again."
"Emma Watson"
"Omnomnomnomnomnom Batman!"
"It Was.........Delicous....."
"I believe this belongs here"
"Drop of Mercury"
"Found this funnier than I should have"
"Not very many futurama posts they said.... Not too many cat posts they said...."
"I have a dream"
"The secret to Lance's success revealed!"
"who says you need a car?"
"Go home apple"
"Photoshop? Nope  just Russia."
"SPREAD THAT FUCKING SHIT"
"Awkward Bathroom Stall moment"
"Dream Honeymoon Spot"
"Your war face! Now!"
"Show me your war face!"
"How I feel when Jehovah's Witnesses come to my house (xpost r/funny)"
"I like to imagine that this is what's REALLY beneath the little guy..."
"Meth Lab"
"Jesus Prank"
"Space..."
"Noticed this written on a keyboard in radio shack"
"Yu wan' saw' vingar?"
"Crunchy nut doritos"
"After the debate  I was asked to do a little photoshopping..."
"This will break reddit."
"I'm trying to study!"
"Oh lol she is ..WTF"
"The real message when a girl posts something to r/gonewild"
"Is the &quot;hover&quot; still relevant"
"Hey girls  did you know?"
"Proof Rodman was an alien."
"Chinese Soldiers Do A Daisy Chain"
"Fuck the police!"
"I checked out a book from the library. And got this..."
"well that was awkward..."
"Just called back a number a minute after it called me and it's disconnected."
"Just some cupcakes that my mum made of my dog."
"My reaction when I found out I missed another cool AMA"
"Ok Mr. Treadmill  you talked me out of it. Thanks."
"Couldn't have said it better Stewie."
"HOLY SHIT A STICK!"
"According to the Internet."
"When playing Punchout  Every time Mac trains  I lol... Friends never know why."
"How to explain sex to your children (I don't have any children but if I did  this is how I would do it)"
"Wicked skateboard trick!"
"My birthday's on Friday  and I just got an email saying my one Friday class is cancelled."
"This will give you cancer [FB]"
"Your Halloween costumes ain't got nothin' on this one."
"Doesn't matter  had sex"
"DOESN'T MATTER HAD SEX"
"How to rave."
"Sabre Francis"
"How I felt after getting down voted on my cake day."
"Move Man!"
"One of my favorite photos. Guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during Hurricane Sandy."
"One of my favorite photos. Guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier."
"On the road"
"Goddammit Jesus  stop doing that"
"That guy's hat is on sideways. How crazy!"
"Jon Stewart and Steven Colbert watching the debate."
"Missed my first 5 Cakedays. This is how I feel after basically missing my 6th today."
"Damn  I wish I could be this cool."
"Leave this body demon!"
"I want you"
"Berts reaction to Romney's plan to cut PBS's funding."
"Surprise  bitch!"
"Ease off the ass"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"When my post gets downvoted."
"Me when I saw my girlfriend via skype eating luxury Lindt chocolates. I'm out of town."
"Craziness"
"Planking: Since 1958"
"There's only one thing left to say when watching &quot;Raising Arizona&quot; makes you sad to be single..."
"Every time someone brings up the presidential race at work"
"Found a bit of FB gold"
"warning: repost"
"This is my country"
"How I feel about Twinkies as an American"
"Your Eye"
"Michelangelo had the biggest balls of any closeted atheist in history  putting this on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel"
"It was a good defense in his head at-least."
"I wantttttttttt"
"Manhattan Bridge construction"
"If anyone asks me to do anything after 5:00PM today  this is how I will calmly respond."
"About as disrespectful as it gets."
"Why Grampa's arms are tired..."
"going through r/new"
"penguins adrift"
"Life of a cameraman at a volleyball game (x-post r/pics)"
"MFW when I finally understand something complex"
"Flow chart for my favourite song by the Beatles"
"She obviously didn't dodge  duck  dip  dive or dodge."
"whenever I beat my girlfriend on ANY video game."
"One simple detail to rule them all."
"How To Sell Your ad Space"
"Oh Walter."
"White people."
"Can these times come back?"
"Just go for the one in the middle  little buccaneer."
"Worst Day At Work Ever. (nsfl)"
"I guess a pussy joke is in order?"
"2am Chili"
"2 A.M. Chili."
"Saw this on my news feed this morning."
"Whenever the internet goes down... (Fixed)"
"Regular Show with Snoop Dogg."
"Alex Honnold climbing Half Dome with no ropes."
"Thats where I put that  I thought I lost it..."
"Who did it?"
"How can someone think this is a good idea..."
"brothers don't shake hands...brothers gotta hug!"
"Awesome transformation"
"For those looking forward to &quot;Fap-Every-Goddamn-Day-October&quot;"
"This was actually on Facebook..."
"Purple Tongue"
"Speed has never killed anyone..."
"&quot;Dude am I bacon&quot;"
"Finger art [pics]"
"On the bright side..."
"In about 10 more years...."
"WTC Freedom Tower site. Water pouring into the construction site. Insane!"
"Flooding of World Trade Center construction site"
"Must've been starving to death."
"Beans. [x-post from r/funny]"
"nom nom nom"
"I hoped till the last frame to see a Darwin award..."
"He wasn't miming after all"
"Best Lord of the Rings GIF. Ive ever seen."
"No  I don't think you understand"
"How I feel when a girls says yes to a date."
"Binders"
"America  fuck yeah!"
"Four more years."
"Four more years  we did it."
"&quot;Four more years.&quot;"
"Sweet Victory!"
"Four more years."
"Four more years."
"Four more years."
"Street Art In NYC."
"I had no idea that the ocean was THAT deep.."
"Friends"
"Likecoholic"
"Dog trolling done right!!"
"Taste the rainbow"
"Ooooh Shit!!!! no no no  I'm good  I'm cool..."
"I love this little fellow."
"My favourite gif on the internet"
"Stimulate your senses"
"Got this in an email today. Couldn't help but laugh."
"Fuck"
"Happy Birthday Stephen Hawking you awesome Bastard!!"
"Looking For Some Fun?"
"Palace over cliff. Beautiful."
"Naked boy in what I think this is a pig slaughterhouse."
"/b/ guesses girls' names (x/post r/4chan)"
"My dad just showed me what I believe to be the greatest gif ever "
"The Best Halo Map [Fixed]"
"Free delivery"
"Snake on a Bus"
"Copenhagen Zoo - The wildest place in town!  Bates Y&amp;R [1400x835]"
"How to stop your kids from becoming Atheists."
"Things in the mirror may be larger than they appear"
"Disputably the best self shot / mirror pic to date"
"Oh dear... [fb][fixed]"
"Putting Sandy in perspective  as an Alaskan."
"Water drop is super slow motion... mind blown"
"I think she died"
"Pain pills?"
"This bitch..."
"Bitches and Birthdays"
"Heaven"
"Piggly Wiggly Pig Shit Pizza (x-post from /r/shittyfoodporn)"
"NASA gets awesome pic of Magnificent CME erupting off the Sun"
"Those silly voices."
"He was done for before he he even stepped into that ring."
"How everyone with a cat must feel on Reddit."
"Googled &quot;most blasphemous thing ever.&quot; This can't be right..."
"well"
"Ummm  I'm gonna need to get those cakeday reports this afternoon..."
"mind=blown"
"Me when I see someone post something that I had been thinking about posting for ages"
"Let's say a big AMEN to Saint Reddit..."
"turn me over"
"So... Now what?"
"Me after seeing The Avengers. What a surprisingly superb movie!"
"Been on Reddit for almost 1 year now  and this is still my favorite gif."
"this is the perfect mind blown .gif  it makes me laugh every time i see it. its even better with sound(comments)"
"This ump seems a bit to close to Buster Posey...."
"Phil Cuzzi and Buster Posey having a moment... (x-post from r/sports)"
"Hey Ump! A little too close you think?"
"jingle f**king bells"
"Water swings!"
"Is that a onesie???"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"The to do list. feel free to add some."
"I'll just leave this here."
"In defense of Fahrenheit"
"How i feel right now trying to watch a video"
"Just a dog dressed as two pirates carrying a treasure chest"
"The dog costume to end all dog costumes"
"A dog dressed up as two pirates carrying a treasure chest."
"Dammit Bing. You had one Job."
"This will always be my favourite picture on the Internet."
"Still makes me giggle every time"
"Every day"
"Scarier than a t-rex?"
"&quot;Do you recycle?&quot; &quot;Yea  but only metal&quot;."
"Emergency Exit"
"Tom Hanks Has The Right Idea"
"Skrill Cosby"
"Lil' bunny doing some much-needed shopping."
"Cuteness overload"
"Pretty fly for a white guy?"
"Shoulda used chrome."
"Hello? Is it tea you're looking for?"
"There should be a place where only the things you want to happen  happen"
"Where the wild things are costume"
"Eye Drops"
"How I feel on Mondays."
"When I go to make a witty comment only to find someone has beaten me to it"
"How I feel when I'm studying for an exam tomorrow  after having three exams today."
"He ees the Juan percent"
"Delicious chicken and delicious beats"
"Still makes me crack up."
"My brother in law jokingly told me I should &quot;donk my car.&quot; I didn't know what it meant  so I looked it up. *This* is my inspiration."
"Spacedog"
"America."
"Zombie fortress? I think so"
"Concerned Seal"
"Paranoid Seal"
"I  a SAP  Forever Alone  and long time Redditor  and at almost 22 yo  finally kissed a girl. Here is my reaction"
"While browsing Craigslist..."
"mother of awkward family photos"
"Weird family photo..."
"Go home shark  you're drunk."
"Just a shark swimming around the neighborhood."
"My buddy just this picture of his front porch in New ..Sandy is one crazy whore"
"Not your usual sight in NJ"
"My neighbor's kid  every fucking day!"
"The Titanic (Colorized by Me)"
"How I feel as a Washingtonian right now!"
"Not today  bitch."
"How I feel when I think I'm going to the frontpage on Reddit."
"Chocolate milk"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn."
"How I feel about No Fap September"
"Is haz a sexyz body"
"funny cat stud"
"So this just showed up on my Facebook feed."
"Have a nice recovery."
"Came across this on my FB feed  Dead Trolling"
"Friend hit a raccoon the other day  just so happened he had one more left  it's the though that counts everyone...."
"T minus 23 days and counting"
"mug shot"
"In regards to the post about getting rid of a US State  while being from Texas."
"When I told my boss I couldn't come into work that day and ran into him..."
"Forget spiders  this is your new nightmare."
"Nopppppppppppppppppppppppppe"
"A shark swims into a NJ resident's front yard due to flooding from Hurricane Sandy."
"Excuse me  but we were trying to sleep. kthnxbai!"
"Smooth"
"Hidden pancake"
"EEK! (this showed up in r/photoshopbattles  and I thought r/southpark would love it... nice work Coolwubla)"
"I prefer this haunted house shot."
"camping can really bring out the best in people"
"Rednecks"
"Play me off  Salem!"
"PLAY HIM OFF JOHNNY!"
"Now you can carry your Ipad and look like an asshole at the same time"
"Funniest name ever"
"One of my favorite reversed gifs"
"Simply amazing"
"No words  cute kitty is cute"
"Looks like a good hiding place"
"There is a bell at the top which you have to jump to to touch  this is so awesome."
"Everytime I am drunk and on Reddit."
"Map of the World's Undersea Cables"
"My reaction to all unemployment rate talks..."
"This is how Giants' relief pitcher Brian Wilson commutes to work."
"You tell em' Bane!"
"When I beat a friend at anything"
"There really is no need to be upset"
"Every weatherman/woman on the East Coast."
"What I Imagine Youtube's Live Coverage of Hurricane Sandy looks like"
"In light of recent events  I feel that this picture is appropriate."
"Progression of Hurricane Sandy(x-post from r/sandy)"
"One of the first things that comes up in a &quot;hurricane sandy&quot; image search"
"And another fine weekend is over"
"This is how I feel every Black Friday"
"A drawing I did by writing out the words &quot;Minerva  McGonagall  witch&quot; in pen a couple of times."
"I want one again so bad..."
"Oh yeah  he's in heaven!"
"A gift from the land of the rising sun."
"Arrested Development EW Cover"
"Arrested Development Season 4"
"I hate to be that guy."
"Amazing pixel art"
"Haunting  yet beautiful."
"Oh  bless..."
"What a shitty job."
"How I feel everyone should do cake day  because lets just get to the point. Plus its my IRL cake day too."
"When I realize today is my cake day  20 minutes to midnight."
"Goats are like mushrooms"
"words can't describe it"
"suddenly... STRIKE!"
"F1 car-ma whoring."
"PLAYER 3 HAS JOINED THE GAME"
"Tag Team"
"Going for his first car ride"
"How I feel seeing all these &quot;This is me at 8am Class posts&quot; as a senior who still has to go to 6:30 a.m. class"
"This must be why they never go back. [VERY NSFW]"
"iOS6: taking new directions"
"Old man Twerks"
"great white  sunlight"
"I have no memory of this place..."
"How I feel seeing all the kitchen  home theater room  and house renovation threads as a poor person."
"When my parents leave me at home for the day"
"Surfing Reddit when I'm under the influence"
"Whenever I browse reddit when I'm drunk"
"Spending Christmas alone in Europe  so this is my plan for the day. Happy Holidays!"
"Sandy doesn't like trampolines..."
"Being a non-gamer on r/all sometimes."
"Being a non-gamer on r/all sometimes."
"maybe or maybe not."
"Poor Usain."
"If cinderellas slipper fitted  why did it fall off in the first place?"
"My reaction to /r/beatingwomen"
"Me  after finding pictures of my parents from the 80's."
"Can't get eyes of dat ass"
"Yearbook quote approved that will never be topped."
"Finally  something political from my FB feed worth sharing"
"I was also shocked."
"When my GF asked me if being Mexican in America is hard nowadays...I only had one response"
"Jose Gato"
"Who decided to make this?"
"If this isn't WTF  I don't know what is..."
"And not a single fuck is given - Imgur"
"The Best Oktoberfest Picture"
"Canine fireworks"
"Some dogs just want to watch the world burn..."
"Through Time and Space"
"This seemed to fit pretty well..."
"shit just got Sandy in NYC."
"Whenever I get downvoted"
"Baby skunks!"
"What the fuck.."
"Found on Google streetview"
"Everytime I try to make conctact with a cute girl in a club."
"Fuck you  Sheppard."
"Iknow  I know! It's a repost! Still  it's one of the most telling images I have ever seen"
"ZAWEEEK-ZAWOOOP!!"
"Smashing"
"Coolest nature pic I have seen in a long time"
"woah - ski jump restroom..."
"Moon Rage"
"Faith in humanity has been restored... a little bit."
"They reassured me by saying &quot;at least spiders can't fly&quot;... but then... (X-Post from r/pics)"
"Nope taken to a new height."
"Stephen Colbert."
"Stephen Colbert + Dick Figures"
"He is ready for the bass."
"So that's what rhymes with sloth.."
"What rhymes with sloth?"
"Nothing compliments a hairless pussy like a set of boobies."
"As someone from the UK  hearing that Kate and William are expecting a child."
"I can't believe it's real [TM]"
"Screen name taken? Dw on 20 urs time it's Gonna be something like &quot;asdghhtgh-gypsywoman12335k&quot; suckers!"
"I Google image searched 'One more day to Canada' ...found this"
"A spectacular shot"
"Because no one likes a disorganized pile of kitties"
"Animorphs"
"This looks strangely normal..."
"Obeezy"
"2 Terrrrmmmzzz!!"
"The newest rapper out there"
"He's got it in the bag! looks like this is happening."
"And once again  this is relevant."
"Obama wins!"
"Been saving this for a while now"
"Two terms yo!"
"#2TERMZ"
"#2TERMZ"
"#2TERMZ"
"Australia has dangerous wildlife and stuff..."
"In other news...someone broke the laws of physics"
"We all knew it would happen sooner or later..."
"Lazy."
"AMERRRRRRRICA!"
"Awesome CV bro!"
"Wait  why are we fighting again?"
"They're Friends Now"
"Fuck this I'm outta here"
"Jay &amp; Silent Bob get a Prius"
"No one must ever know who I really am."
"Since the Olympics started"
"All the obama memes"
"The amount of obama memes are too damn high meme's is TOO DAMN HIGH"
"It's Getting To Be A Problem..."
"The number of Reddit was down -posts..."
"Awesome t-shirt? Yes."
"Thank You Jesus!"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food."
"Happy turkey day everyone! Remember who to be thankful to!"
"It just became my cake day. Guess I'll start early."
"Why I am atheist."
"Justin Bieber was a Girl Scout in the 60's?"
"What it's like waiting for someone to pick you up from your house"
"baby turtles love eating mashpotatoes"
"Just a turtle eating mashed potatos"
"LOST in 5 seconds"
"How I feel turning 18 the day after the US elections..."
"Dawww"
"Second creepiest cat I've ever seen!"
"Jurassic Park"
"I know this will get buried  but here's my four years of classes at RIT summed up in one image."
"If you last no fap September  this will be November 1st"
"Redditor's on October 1st"
"Dubstep Cat"
"How i feel about disney."
"Classic Mario Kart tracks recreated in Roller Coaster Tycoon"
"I see your Rowling and raise you a Simmons"
"So my dad wanted me to faceswap him into Gangnam style  this is what I gave him."
"While everyone is out partying  me and my friend are out being weird like:"
"ArmaCageon"
"ArmaCageon Revisited"
"What would you have done?"
":-/"
"Life Lessons"
"seems legit"
"Seems legit. (X-post r/pics)"
"&quot;Oh  the Who-manity...&quot;"
"Man's best friend..."
"when two complete strangers say your name"
"It's gonna be a awesome Halloween with these two!"
"Shake that."
"Not sure if repost…"
"Albino Possum"
"Saw this and thought I should share it. Cop holding a bald eagle"
"North vs. South Korea"
"North v. South"
"Made me laugh so hard"
"Otters make me go teehee....teehee"
"You see this shit?"
"...This is someone's fetish."
"Heey!! Floor it  will ya??"
"elephant was in for quite a ride!"
"This pretty much sums up most of r/new"
"How I imagine some of reddit"
"How I'm starting to feel about the whole Ke$ha debate"
"first attempt"
"Regular Show with Snoop Dogg"
"Kitten with headphones"
"How I feel researching a complex matter of psychology and only being six weeks into the course."
"Aley-oop"
"What my cat would do with The Force"
"Perspective"
"Rainbow Wave"
"this is why i never go to walmart"
"Spiderkid"
"North Korean secret weapon"
"Meanwhile In Japan..."
"When a lot of people I don't know send me a friends request"
"Mother Hen"
"Sadly  I am not surprised"
"Eyes of disapproval"
"Watching movies with shower scenes  started wondering...."
"Reddit  I submit to you a happy little duckling to brighten up your day"
"I love this mov...oh GOD.."
"It's Mr. Fredricksen!"
"Dear  to who ever did this ... You had one job to do .. One job..."
"Infomercials"
"My face when seeing the Lexi Belle photos from the front page"
"How I feel when I see a picture of nicki minaj"
"My friend told me about a new 3-hour-long workout routine he wanted me to try. This was my response."
"Fail"
"History of Reddit"
"Meanwhile in Brazil..."
"Developing a website at 7:35am during an all-nighter"
"Me trying graphic design for he first time"
"I've never read this Animorphs book as a kid."
"Oppa Gotham style"
"Gotham Style"
"Oppa gotham style (not sure if repost)"
"Good music is essential for a workout"
"When you get the feels..."
"Keep Calm"
"Train etiquette."
"Has this been posted here yet? Please  spread the word. ~White Team"
"4Chan wishes to bring together Reddit  FunnyJunk  and Tumblr against 9Gag on 9/11."
"Did a Google search for that &quot;gay&quot; seal. I... didn't expect this."
"SEAL"
"This guy."
"Kanye by Kanye for Kanye"
"Don't worry Mom  I got this."
"Happy fish"
"There is a lack of fish in r/aww"
"One of the most disturbing face swaps I've seen."
"Well...not really a face swap but great nonetheless"
"The Hamburglar strikes again!"
"Currency when I was in elementary school [FIXED]"
"Better jump on it soon."
"The worst way to die"
"Man Killed to Death"
"Googled &quot;cutest thing ever&quot; and got this."
"Density of different liquids"
"Science Bitch!"
"California gas prices"
"Bring amber lamps"
"But fart just one time.."
"awwwww baby...:-)"
"Don't know if this has been posted before  but this may be by far the cutest gif of a dog ever"
"Can I help you?"
"Helping everyone on Facebook get over the Big Day results"
"How my friend watched the debate."
"&quot;The way my dad watches the debate&quot;"
"When I clean my room and move my bed into the corner."
"How I feel in the evening now that daylight savings has just started for the summer in Australia"
"His teeth..."
"Sinkhole swallows car on highway. Thankfully no one was hurt majorly. This is just outside of the capital of Canada  Ottawa."
"Sinkhole swallows car in Ottawa."
"Evolution of Dance guy  the early years"
"that awkward moment..."
"What it's like being the only girl at a LAN party"
"I....just....wow......"
"Totally unfair race"
"I wonder who is going to win this race"
"Just another day at the beach"
"First thing that came to mind when I saw this picture"
"Holy Carp!"
"Australia"
"A snake eating a wallaby [x-post from r/Australia]"
"Wizard cool (Xpost r/Moviesinthemaking)"
"They would have an interesting child..."
"Sitting at the kids table during dinner on a holiday."
"There has GOT to be an an amazing story behind this"
"I have no clue how to even explain this."
"I'm just posting this because it made me laugh."
"Ill leave this here"
"How it feels to me  a swedish atheist  whenever i see a &quot;Christians vs. Atheists&quot; thread on reddit"
"Going to Grandma's"
"I didn't take them for Mac users. What do you think they're doing?"
"Fonzie  Then and Now."
"Guess they had a bit of spare time"
"My favorite gif"
"Christian Cyberjets"
"I believe I can fly [FIXED]"
"I believe I can transform"
"Every night."
"Katy &amp; Ri-Ri"
"I don't know why  I just did it."
"Meow so hard"
"Presidential debate  desu"
"How I feel when reddit tells me I can't possibly be an Arab Atheist that &quot;Looks white&quot;."
"Found out how true this was recently."
"A Facebook ad by Bing. This is the biggest lie. ever."
"This is scary as fuck but the coolest thing at the same time"
"My CompSci and network programming professor uses  and defends IE 6"
"WE WON!!!"
"100% Historically Accurate"
"Cat's Vengeance: Approved."
"Cats and Babies... can it get more awwwww?"
"Last Science Supper"
"Made this in celebration."
"Prestige"
"Select Target  Adjust For Bullet Drop Adjust For Movement  and Suddenly"
"Whenever someone changes their relationship status [GIF]"
"This guy popped up on a Facebook ad  I'm absolutely speechless"
"Today they're serving a Thanksgiving Feast at my school."
"Just found a pdf copy of a $160 textbook"
"When I ace a test I thought I failed"
"When the upvotes start coming in."
"Holy Shit!"
"Gengar Style"
"Not something I expected on my news feed today"
"Batman! You've caught me in the middle of my nap."
"Aerial view: 87 vehicle pile-up in Cincinnati  OH"
"How I imagine people who downvote on r/new"
"Well  he deserves an A+ for creativity..."
"When my older sister has her hot friend over...."
"Chocolate bird bath..."
"The more I watch it  the more I laugh."
"If pussy is the key to happiness  this chick is ecstatic."
"stupid people.."
"OUCH!!!... I dropped a quarter in the garbage disposal and my gf said &quot;Don't worry  I'll get it &quot;....ooops."
"Finally  a gif that summarizes my love life."
"It's a bird  it's a plane  no it's cat bullet"
"The Invention Of Cool"
"He Makes a poncho look badass (Fixed)"
"Face swap... Meet body swap!"
"My very first cakeday was yesterday  and I thought I could wait to post something until I got home from work..."
"Photo of the Endeavor's cockpit"
"Step in to my office...Endeavor's cockpit."
"Once again... time to go check muh Reddits"
"How I cured my fear of sharks"
"Winnie the Pooh being the polite sir that he is"
"Whenever I read through my Facebook feed."
"The thug life chose pooh."
"The inside of a tickle me elmo"
"They call her &quot;The Octopus Girl&quot;"
"Finally. A meaningful tattoo quote!"
"Watch this  honey!"
"My Kung Fu is strong"
"Where is it??!!!???"
"Dude!"
"Everything is going according to my plan."
"6 balls with one stone."
"I loves this"
"omg what a dream set up"
"Gucci Mane bored in da crib."
"Good god I hated that spoon ........."
"Who wants cream?"
"Now this is weird  even to me?"
"Try the what?!"
"Atheist Bale"
"So a deer walked into a bar."
"So  A Deer Walked Into A Bar..."
"I just turned around in the middle of having a shower and came face to face with a massive spider."
"Every girl at Halloween parties tonight."
"Thought it was a good time for a old favorite"
"happy election day? (i dont even....)"
"Remember Bin Laden?"
"P I M P"
"Because.."
"My favorite gif ever"
"I could watch this all day - Beat that little shit!"
"Joffrey Baratheon wants some more!!"
"Love Pig"
"Thought this belonged here(ex post from r/wallpapers)"
"DUURRRRRR"
"Word!"
"What it will be like trying to post on reddit immediately following the blackout."
"The X Factor"
"We are in it together"
"Breaking news"
"My girlfriend recently got a cornea transplant. Here is a high res image of the stitches in her eye"
"Corndog Rule of Thumb"
"Ah-Choo!"
"Best anti rape mechanic when picking up the soap NSFW"
"Gandalfstyle."
"Meanwhile in Nigeria... Pets"
"They're so CUUUTTTEEE!!!"
"Ermahgerd  Cerfee!"
"Ermahgerd @ Starbucks"
"Saw this at a starbucks today  I LOL'd."
"I wish women would stop doing this. Please end this fad now."
":D"
"Dem Ears"
"Socially Awkward Penguin in Action"
"My personal reaction earlier today when someone mentioned Reddit in public."
"Whenever I'm introduced to an attractive member of the opposite sex"
"Seriously  we get it."
"He lost 47% of his face."
"Romney face swap"
"Stanley blink Cinemagraph'd"
"*Blink*"
"What children’s skulls look like as they prepare to lose their baby teeth"
"Vagina mouth [SFW]"
"Happy Plankton"
"Man hit by train"
"Spongebob characters in &quot;real life&quot; - Illustration"
"Pretty much sums up how I feel when I don't get an inside joke."
"One truth to come out of the RNC"
"Hurricane Sandy Street Shark"
"My relationship to Diablo 3 since I bought it"
"If you look closely  it's not a banana."
"How i look when i have 73 up votes on a comment"
"Miracle In The Alcohol Aisle"
"Castle Illusion"
"Really cool optical illusion"
"Dance of the unrustling"
"20 Levitating Animals."
"My friend who dislikes reddit and prefers to go on 4chan set this as my desktop background when I was not looking."
"'Murica"
"My thoughts precisely..."
"The Z-Machine reaches 2 Billion Degrees Kelvin (Experimental X-ray Generator for Fusion Research)"
"Getting a mass amount of upvotes for a post and then seeing them slowly trickle in"
"When I find out the pregnancy test is negative"
"How I feel when asking an attractive girl for her number  and succeeding."
"is this WTF worthy?"
"a gentleman's weapon"
"My favorite gif"
"Watching my friend do calculus homework"
"To everyone saying Sandy isn't so bad. This was taken in New York City 20 minutes ago."
"Live photo update from Hurricane Sandy"
"Frankenstorm"
"Witness the power of this fully operational pumpkin"
"President Obama  riding a lion  with a crossbow and a lightsaber."
"Sarah Jessica Parker playing football (soccer.)"
"Proof My Little Pony can't fly"
"hrhrhrhr"
"SAAAAAILLL!"
"50 Pictures of Emma Watson"
"Free fallin'"
"Free Fallin'"
"Let me see your hips SWING"
"I just realized it's my cakeday. One year and countless hours later.."
"How I feel after going to The Hobbit midnight showing last night and having two finals today."
"Cow has a sense of humour..."
"Wife and hot ex-girlfriend are the only two people that like my fb post"
"After watching the debates"
"STOP RESISTING!"
"HOW DARE YOU RESIST US!"
"Ideas cannot be killed"
"To be fair  as a grown male  I probably would of shat myself as well."
"So  Someone RES tagged me for the first time today. This basically sums up my reaction."
"This was on a wall at my friends school. Made me think."
"Zombie Gameboy"
"GUISE?"
"This is how I feel when there are no upvotes for my submissions"
"That feeling when I realize the vanity plate I've been puzzling out is religious in nature"
"How I feel making the front page...but under a throw away"
"When a NSFW link is no longer available"
"Meanwhile  on /r/cats..."
"OMG it's so cute"
"Mi favorite face swap by far"
"Probaly a repost  but gotta love Seth Rogen"
"When I close instead of maximize my browser and lose all my tabs."
"MFW a close friend says Obama is a Muslim"
"I've been shitting in your yard"
"This guy deserves a medal"
"Oh YouTube comments!"
"That's not fair."
"For ME?"
"Reddit in a comic. (C&amp;H)"
"So I decided to play Imgur roulette..."
"Seems about right."
"Suddenly a downvote"
"MFW I saw a picture of a Prince Albert piercing"
"The journey to the front page."
"We all love sports..."
"When I fail a test that I knew I was going to fail in the first place"
"My thoughts upon seeing all the posts about who should do the Olympics TV commentary."
"Amazing Street Magic"
"Cute boys! Gotta act cool..."
"Basking in butterflies"
"My favorite Bender quote."
"Reflection"
"Patrick riding through town."
"Riding off into the sunset..."
"Found on my newsfeed.. These guys are really playing hard ball."
"Always have a good laugh when I see these on fb."
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Went into my sister's room and saw 50 Shades of Grey on her desk."
"would you wanna play with me?"
"Thunderstorm over Christchurch  New Zealand. September 4th  2012"
"Seems Legit."
"Istanbul"
"Boy  that sure escalated quickly."
"How I imagine the Reddit Mods look like."
"Reddit HQ"
"Still the best slang synonym for &quot;awesome&quot;"
"Tomorrow I'm moving out of the US and going to Germany. This is how I feel."
"Tomorrow I'm moving out of the US and going to Germany. This is how I feel."
"Every time I go to KFC I see this guy..."
"Suddenly you realize that you've always wanted to do this."
"Baby reacts to fireworks"
"Party harder."
"Nom"
"Recently found out this popular pic was a family pic. That's my grandfathers hairy ass. Proof( the fat guy (big Steve) is wearing a fat and skinny custom choppers hat this is the family business. I showed my grandfather this and he just laughed"
"My thoughts when my parents tell me to mow the lawn friday after school {x-post r/funny}"
"The magical world of Disney"
"TIL: How Lewis CK feels about the ladies. - Imgur"
"My friend's new profile picture  taken in Cambodia. (xpost r/mildlyinteresting)"
"best nick cage face swap im my opinion. hide yo kids hide yo wife bitches."
"There has to be a better way!: The Collection"
"Awwdorable Giraffe"
"First gifsound...is this right??"
"give this man two swords and we'll win every war."
"FUS RO DAH!"
"In my great city of Concord  North Carolina"
"A simile like no other."
"Just when I thought Baltimore couldn't get any worse."
"Meanwhile  in Florida..."
"Meghan you bitch"
"Me  trying to think of a cake day karma post."
"Greatest GIF Ever nsfw"
"How I feel after being called ugly or insulted for the hundredth time via other subreddits.....TwoXC is my sanctuary!"
"What floating like a butterfly looks like."
"Difficulty level: Asian"
"So I think this is relevant again..."
"Drug Money  $ 250 million in Cash"
"No longer alone"
"Samsung's new Galaxy SIII ad"
"I got a dolla hey hey hey hey"
"Be like Han (repost) (repost)"
"Can you describe him for me?"
"Can somebody please make a mod for slender like this? (yes I know this photo was posted already)"
"My boyfriend has got me watching Chuck. I just watched the 2nd last episode. This picture just about sums up how I am feeling."
"Bidoof Square"
"The Best Engine in the world..."
"Does anyone have the video of this?"
"Teabagging a Pussy: You're doing it right."
"One time when Reddit was down I tried 9fag!"
"Slow clap with onions"
"What happens when girls really fart."
"The black stallion"
"People Change..."
"Science vs Religion!"
"Hopscotch into oblivion"
"Hyper realistic pumpkin carving by Ray Villafane"
"Finally proven steam is not infallible!"
"Like a boss"
"The greatest photo in the world"
"My favorite fuck you"
"Oh my..."
"Smile for the camera!"
"Oh don't mind me... just feeding the monkeys."
"I thought it was funny"
"Jurassic Mochrie"
"FUCK YEAH"
"My reaction when I just realized tomorrow is Friday."
"Me when I can hear my housemates conversation and them laughing."
"Reddit  when I'm trying to post anything. I should probably stop embarrassing myself."
"Googled &quot;'merica.&quot; Was not dissappointed."
"Oh no you didn't!"
"Nuclear explosion  less than 1 millisecond after detonation. [x-post from r/PerfectTiming]"
"A real live bean!"
"Paul Ryan says that fetuses look like a bean. I agree."
"Self control"
"Meanwhile in Slovakia"
"This Is Why Spiderman Isn't An Avenger"
"i agree"
"Mr bean"
"When a [FB] page you 'liked' years ago shows up on your wall"
"It's a conspiracy"
"Why Brain...Why?"
"i saw this on facebook  it's brilliant"
"Seeing everything about Borderlands 2  went fully pre-order without playing the first one."
"How I Feel After Making The Frontpage"
"Me  whenever someone makes a repost  and it makes front page AGAIN"
"When my roommate said Rage Against the Machine wasn't &quot;real music&quot;... unlike &quot;Call me Maybe&quot;"
"watching burlesque dancers..."
"3... 2... 1... Wait a sec."
"Explain this bullshit!"
"It feels awkward when I walk over this bridge."
"Why Not!?"
"Who I'll be supporting throughout the coming election."
"I said &quot;what the fuck&quot; out loud."
"This bridge in Newport News is almost underwater"
"James River bridge in Newport News VA is almost gone"
"The James River Bridge in Virginia today."
"The James River Bridge (VA) is almost under water thanks to Hurricane Sandy"
"On the rare occasion I meet a fellow atheist in the deep South"
"OBAMA"
"fit surprisingly well"
"Holy cats  Batman!"
"My girlfriend drew this in 2 hours. She doesn't think she is very good. I think otherwise."
"1.21 gigawatts  meet 187 quintillion gallons of water: Lightning on the Pacific [Pic]"
"Advanced witnessing skills needed to talk to grumpy  bitter atheists...."
"Vaccuming the corgi"
"Calvin and Hobbes...years later  after a long time apart."
"Add one cup of love."
"I can't wait for the next book."
"Wolverine: Gangnam Style"
"Nobody puts baby in a binder."
"Just saw this on Facebook."
"Out of control"
"USA vs. Rest of the world"
"The difference between faith and insanity"
"D'awwwwww c:"
"Are you feeling it"
"The new LG marketing tool"
"Creepy Gary buddy gif"
"Bloodlines"
"Think about it.."
"Andy Murray looking intense"
"I don't think they like us"
"Good to know they have an excellent understanding of reddit."
"I can't believe they actually named it this."
"Good thing I am a Helicopter"
"Oh Biden  you!"
"While Obama was getting bear-hugged  Biden was...well  I don't know."
"Dad  do something to Biden  remember your name is Troll"
"Don't touch the stand"
"A friend of mine had an accident a while ago  i asked him how his leg was doing. This was his reply..(he used to be a drug addict) the fuck man.."
"Fuck you. I'll beat a dead horse if I want to."
"Computer &quot;Web&quot; To Change Billions Of Lives (Yeah  Right)"
"My reaction whenever I see boobs."
"When I make a post and someone lets me know it's my cake-day"
"Must...turn...around...(gif)"
"I feel it"
"Who likes cats that look like Hitler?"
"Community needs to come back soon. Need more of the lovely Alison Brie"
"Nick Cage man  he's everywhere!"
"There are so many aspects that make this shot great."
"He can be anything!"
"I'll see your &quot;Cage Monkey&quot; and raise you a Hippolas Cage"
"The golden age of music"
"Joe Biden in Florida."
"Best Cat Gif Ever?"
"Bitch  I'm a busdriver"
"What is the source of this Nom gif? Like the video and stuff? Pwease?"
"waffles"
"An Interesting Party..."
"Russian veteran finds his own tank as a monument. Heartbreaking photo."
"A hippopotamus pulling a cart. [x-post from OldSchoolCool]"
"OAW"
"This is strange."
"gravity is only for puny humans"
"David Blaine's cat"
"This is reddit!"
"Go crazy reddit"
"Boom. Science."
"Manliest man of manliness"
"Dwintanic"
"D-Fence"
"Toss the baby they said. It will be fun."
"&quot;Tell me about it  Stud&quot; -- [Hurricane] Sandy"
"I read this with the accent I think he has. Makes it that much funnier"
"Skill to fame conversion chart... shockingly accurate."
"There can be only one"
"So Hardcore!"
"When A post I work hard on doesn't get recognised"
"How I feel on Mondays."
"When I go to make a witty comment only to find someone has beaten me to it"
"How I feel when I'm studying for an exam tomorrow  after having three exams today."
"The knights of r/new"
"Now that's strategic!"
"Whenever someone asks me a question."
"Oh so exploitable..."
"Piss roulette"
"Sharing is caring"
"This is what a &quot;Repressed Memory&quot; looks like."
"I've always thought it would be so awesome if there were little people like this"
"... just a dog"
"Some fucked up individuals."
"Friday and Cake day? This is my plan for tonight!"
"ALL I can think of  upon hearing the news."
"This is wrong on so many levels"
"There's a kid on this bug."
"How I feel getting into a relationship with a girl I don't really like."
"So I decided to learn how to use photoshop. Things are coming along nicely."
"How I feel driving without my Cycling shoes"
"Got new shoes. This is how I feel."
"When you see it..."
"What hurricane Sandy does to dogs..."
"This is how I feel when there's a ClickClack 4Grabs on Geekhack"
"A suit made entirely out of Mirrors!"
"reddit is under a heavy load."
"Shouldn't these be down arrows? &quot;Reddit is under heavy load&quot;"
"Reddit's Arch Enemy"
"I know Dat feel"
"When I overheard someone call his wife a cunt at a restaurant"
"What are they letting kids get away with in school these days?"
"This ad played during MNF"
"Happy 60th birthday to the legend that is Bill Murray!"
"When a car honks at me to hurry up with crossing the road"
"It's funny...?"
"Probably a repost  but still a hilarious GIF."
"A house spider. Magnified."
"Are you talking to me?"
"When my friend is in a fight with his parents..."
"oh  girl"
"They see me rollin'"
"Misbehaving in Library UPDATE!? NSFW"
"blastoise piano master"
"US Swimmer Tyler Clary demonstrates the phenomenon of water surface tension"
"I found a gif that summarizes 2012 for me"
"He's a silent guardian. A watchful protector."
"This song never fails to make me sad."
"The middle part of a long ass &quot;meow&quot;"
"wat"
"So  there's a girl at my school who goes around and puts little hats on squirrels..."
"How I feel getting called in a waiting room"
"Pawse right there - you can't enter bear footed."
"Banana Chips World"
"The download that ate the cd that ate the cassette that ate the lp..."
"Clowns give me nightmares"
"Oh 4chan."
"Turn toaster sideways  get grilled cheese"
"I like buses."
"Naked chicken dancing"
"Breaking the system."
"this is a little more than mildly interesting [x-post from r/mildlyinteresting]"
"One reason I think a good amount of people believe in god(s)"
"Beware of dog"
"Toughest decision of my life..."
"Lightning and Lunar Eclipse"
"The Blob(fish)"
"Morning Dew Vs Dragonfly"
"A fire tornado in Australia"
"He I Come"
"When you think you heard someone call your name but you don't know who"
"Does he look like a bitch?"
"what I imagine r/batman is like right now"
"Laughed for a solid 5 minutes at a [7]"
"The most ridiculous and hilarious gif I've ever seen"
"My favorite Pacman picture"
"On a chessboard  a knight can visit each square exactly once. This is how."
"A new breed of giraffe"
"Life Cycle of a Leaf."
"Seen this yet?"
"My reaction to someone not putting my discs back in the case."
"Seals are still better..."
"This man treats his girl right"
"Murrikan spirit"
"Wrestling Flip Slam"
"Aww Skeet Skeet"
"Busted."
"The futur of dashboards is here"
"Do you know how fast you were going back there?"
"Those pesky Obama kids."
"MFW I see another &quot;How I became an atheist&quot; comic"
"Saw the .gif  immediately thought of this"
"You just gotta dance"
"Aladeen Muthfucka"
"Swedish Cops are the best"
"Roar!"
"[GIF] Mr. Bean watching a Formula 1 race (actor Rowan Atkinson)"
"Whenever the top post has been removed by user."
"Playing hide and seek with cats"
"LOVE THIS STICK!!"
"Pyscho teenage mutant ninja turtle"
"Ahh the good old times..."
"Right  time for a fag break."
"My productive friends at work..."
"what"
"We just employ several Columbian prostitutes and don't want to temp you guys"
"CAPTAIN AMERICA  NO!"
"What it feels like being a thug in your generally uptight neighborhood"
"I think this fits best!"
"Realizing its my cake day at 10:30. Get of me woman  I need some of that sweet sweet karma!"
"Saw the Cat Train  and couldn't resist."
"Just realized today was my cakeday  and it's almost over."
"How I think it must feel to come home to a post on the front page."
"I was gonna make a gay joke  butt ..."
"True so true."
"Brutal soccer fight"
"Whenever i see the same .GIF in both /r/gifs and/r/reactiongifs."
"I've been studying wrong my whole life"
"Watch Out for Unplanted Signs"
"One badass cat."
"A disturbing but logical conclusion"
"Animal cruelty"
"smile!!!"
"MFW I find an awesome subreddit and read every top post"
"Space Invaders"
"Epic Save"
"Whenever I see one of my bros on campus."
"gets me everytime"
"wat"
"My face when I realized it was my cakeday."
"Oooh Nice.....WTF"
"GOTTA LET EVERYONE KNOW"
"Listen up"
"Can frogs do this?"
"How I feel when they talk about how many Twitter followers the Olympians have."
"Reddit and school lunches."
"Thank God he didn't use ranch."
"Heard you like cats.."
"Mmmh  Food..."
"Get in mah belleh"
"How to confuse a redditor"
"Scientific proof that god exists."
"Whenever one of AMA comments/questions get answered by OP..."
"Whenever Wales  my little home nation  is mentioned on reddit."
"FFVII my exact face when it happened."
"Emotional Scars"
"Sorry  Bin Laden"
"The Road to Hyrule"
"The Legend of Zelda: Hyrule Rock!"
"And not a single fuck was give that day."
"Smile"
"Dat ass..."
"Late night and hungry... We all know what trip we must take!"
"I read this in Tyler the Creator's voice"
"So fucking rad."
"To all of those participating in #cutforbieber"
"Album of a dog being raped by a horse."
"#cutforbeiber"
"Clever spider..."
":3"
"Are you my mama ?"
"What does it mean?"
"How many years?"
"Not again snail"
"Mad at yourself for bringing that fat chick home last night? Never again!"
"Missing Stapler"
"Elephant in safeway bag..."
"This is not a tattoo  it is a lightning scar - also called a Lichtenberg figure"
"There's a storm coming  Mr. Wayne..."
"I literally have no words..."
"Whoopi?"
"Have you found jesus? (X-post from r/funny)"
"Best cosplay of all fucking time. [Fixed]"
"Me trying to walk after sitting on the toilet with my iPad too long"
"How many cops..."
"Not sure what to call it  but I feel like it would make a decent meme."
"Diets.."
"The idiocy of fundies is amazing (FB)"
"Sleepy (Koala) Bear"
"The silo was too damn high"
"Forsooth  a noble waltz!"
"Awesome art installation in Belgium"
"R2-D2 Rocks"
"How I feel after one whole year of not getting to the front page... What better way than with a repost"
"You need to study your grammar  son."
"Fox News: The exact moment Barack Obama was Re-Elected"
"This is how I dance in front of my crush"
"Success"
"The luckiest man alive"
"When I post something to reddit"
"Kony: The face of Evil"
"How Italian Geologists Living in America Feel"
"Your reaction when you see a front page post that is FINALLY not a repost"
"Newcastle Brown's Response to the Stella Adverts. 'No Bollocks'"
"What people do when they see boobies . . ."
"Happiness is..."
"I googled &quot;The most american picture ever&quot;. I'm satisfied."
"This is jump."
"Bat Problem?"
"Fuck you BAT............."
"Nothing To See  Just another Tiny Piglet"
"Obama broke reddit [fixed]"
"Hipster Owl"
"DAT MOUSE"
"Knock knock. Who's there? America."
"awkward turtle"
"I can has strawberry?"
"H-H-Haaaappy B-B-Biiiirthdaaaay..."
"My sister's halloween costume."
"I got hit on way more than slutty cat woman [FIXED]"
"Coke addict spider"
"This is called humanity ."
"Dude cut me in line  nobody said a thing..."
"How is this a thing?"
"A wish put to good use."
"What the summer sale is doing to my wallet..."
"The original RPG."
"Facebook friend of mine inspected an apartment where the tenant was recently evicted. This is what she found"
"Somebody had to say it sooner or later."
"I'm the &quot;I&quot; in team."
"The &quot;I&quot; in &quot;team&quot;"
"Om Nom Nom Nom"
"Hump Day Wednesday"
"Good juxtaposition"
"patpatpatpatpatpatpat"
"give me twenty dollars"
"Bad Rock!!"
"This exact situation happens to me at least once a week."
"You really don't. Bacon is all you need."
"Alton Brown in a car with Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman."
"All over the text books!"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"what a bachelor party."
"found this guy at r/WTF ... the answer is yes"
"If there is hell..."
"stolen from 4chan. atheism vs christian thinking."
"Somewhere In A Parallel Universe"
"And that's got to be the craziest face swap ever &quot;fixed&quot;"
"Gary Johnson crowd surfing"
"How I picture old ladies when they cop a feel on me."
"All that remains of the Catholic Church in Queens is this single statue of Mary."
"Oppa Gangnam Plug"
"This is a .gif of a platypus running."
"I hit puberty really really early! (Mustache pacifier)"
"Scariest monster as a kid"
"Don't care what you say. This is what I see."
"Las Vegas Slots vs Electronic Voting Machines"
"Random on imgur never dissapoints"
"Currency when I was in elementary school [FIXED]"
"Well played  psych exam..."
"Well played psych exam..."
"Well played psych exam..."
"Well played  psych exam..."
"F*cks given: 0"
"Avian Woes"
"Rocking the boat."
"I'm a unicorn!"
"Benito Mussolini's headquarters"
"Demon cat is thirsty."
"What is the worst gift you've ever received?"
"My friend dared me to draw bane today  challenge accepted!"
"Australian news stations know which reporters to send on location"
"As a tank. Last man standing. How I act when I'm running from the enemy team back to my base."
"im just going to eat this now garrrbabargaall"
"Monkey  I think."
"/b/ predicting the election"
"The prophesy has been fulfilled."
"Looks like 4chan was right all along"
"Watching my mom on the computer"
"Awesome building"
"That's one hot ass...air balloon."
"the city of wenatchee  washington is in serious danger as a 1000 acre fire moves towards the town. photo taken last night."
"I hope the original poster finds this pictures. This just popped up on my news feed."
"Take Me Out to the Ball Game."
"When you realize mid-sentence that your argument is wrong... [fixed]"
"Halloween in College Station"
"Halloween in College Station"
"I found this on my Facebook feed..."
"yo quiero chiquicha"
"What I feel like when most people start talking politics"
"Where is your God now?"
"Whenever my Reddit posts fail"
"When the USS Enterprise aircraft carrier was launched  this is what was displayed on her deck. An awesome site to say the least"
"Calling BS"
"I want to be a bunny rabbit"
"What Do You Mean Stop Overreacting?!?"
"Baby walrus soon to be at the NY Aquarium!"
"This is Mitik  the orphaned baby walrus just adopted by the New York Aquarium. He's 15 weeks old and weighs 234 pounds. Photo from nytimes.com"
"If creationism was taught in school"
"Taco Bell promoting drinking once again."
"Awful/hilarious Helen Keller twitter account..."
"Oh twitter..."
"Woody x 2"
"test your might"
"A quiz"
"Burns vs Romney"
"Who said it: Montgomery Burns or Mitt Romney?"
"Men in the baby food aisle"
"So I googled &quot;North Korea is Best Korea&quot; and this picture caught my eye.."
"If this lived at my house I'd stay home and stare at it all day."
"Blue Sunset on Mars [pic]"
"So I played this game today. I'm in college and I still couldn't beat it. Fuck you Zoombinis."
"Cyanide and Happiness delivers again."
"Urkel Informer"
"losing an argument"
"Where we are in the Universe"
"Me when I left Facebook after discovering reddit."
"Otter eats watermelon...but does not enjoy it"
"I feel like this sometimes"
"Life"
"how my cakeday is going..."
"How could anyone want to set fire to this little guy? Just look at that face! (WARNING picture of spider!)"
"All I can think when I hear about Hurricane Sandy"
"Saw this in the bookface. Thought I should share."
"Once."
"What I think of every time my friends tell me that going to some new years party will be 'fun'."
"Facebook in one picture."
"I fucking hate these commercials"
"Dear Dick Turtle: you should watch your children more carefully next time"
"How I feel being an Apple fanboy on reddit right now"
"The astonishing moment an owl snatched up a full-grown cat for a 'light' meal."
"My first attempt at one of these..."
"14 of 14 people found this review helpful"
"Wendy's sonnnn!"
"When you fire a gun underwater"
"Still a better love story than Twilight"
"I guess that explains the solidity."
"Nimbus cloud through an airplane window"
"Rain  as seen from a plane."
"A hot chick likes one of your photos..."
"Most likely the truth"
"Steam sales coming soon  I'm training right now"
"The fuck is this?"
"Airplane Mode"
"That's so Asian"
"Lvl. 100 Pikachu"
"Internet  find this man!! Makes me so mad!"
"As a non-US-citizen  this is how I am going to experience the 2012 US-elections"
"Bus Shelter Graffiti in Chicago"
"The 3D effect makes this kind of disturbing"
"sleeping koala."
"Karma Whoring: Am I doing it right? Or how to point out an obvious photoshop for your gullible mind."
"When someone downvotes my post/ pictures."
"Why is this picture terrifying me?"
"Domina Home Piccolo: Living life at the edge of the Earth"
"I don't wanna know what led to this..."
"Techno viking!"
"Whenever shitty music plays on a youtube video."
"After seeing the top post on /r/morbidreality"
"For my Cakeday Karma-Whoring  I give you this..."
"how I felt after discovering breaking bad"
"Breath taking view of the Milky Way from Mars."
"An incredible view of The Milky Way from Mars"
"An incredible view of the Milky way from Mars."
"Yeah he is."
"Of course I'm free."
"2016 Olympics are looking good"
"my favorite gif of all time (FIXED)"
"Social fabric"
"I hope she finds whatever she's dropped.."
"Best father/son costume yet"
"3Tard Moon"
"Typical horror movie kill scene"
"Harmony at last"
"To people who speed up when I put my blinker on"
"Ultimate badass"
"and the bad ass award of the year goes to..."
"Hamster eating broccoli om nom nom"
"Silly Asians"
"What is this game..."
"So far at college I have accumulated exactly this many cool kid points:"
"When I hear Mitt Romey flat out lying during a speech"
"At first I didn- ALL GLORY..."
"All glory to the Hypnotoad on cake day"
"Fuck this  I'll walk!"
"That's some strong stuff..."
"RIP The Internet 1982 - 2012"
"Single Piece Glass Horse Being Made"
"I'm having way to much fun with these things"
"All The Pringle Ladies"
"Exactly what I did when I recently reached 100 link karma"
"family counseling..."
"Scarily funny duo"
"That NSFL tag sure would come in handy right about now."
"What the fuck did i just click on?"
"My reaction when couples say they miss each other on facebook!"
"Whoever did this  you have earned my respect"
"I see what you did there"
"The current smartphone market."
"Am I pregnant?"
"How it feels to go out when you already have a relationship."
"that puppy....it's making my insides feel all fuzzy and warm. I LOVE IT!!"
"The first signal the end is nigh!"
"a^2 + b^2 = c^2"
"My reaction whenever I clog the toilet and it unclogs itself"
"Dinner while Home Alone (fixed)"
"What kind of construction do you do?"
"LPT: How to pick up chicks"
"how to pick up chicks"
"Every hangover."
"I...no."
"This acronym is a stroke of genius"
"Cave exploration."
"Daniel Craig With Long Hair"
"How I feel when someone proves me wrong online"
"It has moobs.....(FIXED)"
"I wish more parents would listen in on their kids on xbox live"
"My mom made me..."
"Haven't seen this one on here before."
"My reaction to my boyfriend trying to persuading me to post a picture of myself on gonewild"
"The missing Avenger."
"The perfect song for the perfect gif"
"Ready for action"
"My Morning Reddit Fix In a Nutshell"
"Purebread."
"This guy's just chillin at the park squatting a duck"
"Just an average day at the park..."
"You see the weirdest things at parks in LA. This guy was bench-pressing this goose for ten minutes."
"Just found this happy little guy"
"Ahhhhh flowers!!"
"I'm not even sure if this belongs here or in /r/WTF."
"Hi diddly ho neighborino"
"Can we keep it? Please Mum?"
"What type of cooling fan can prevent this?"
"Colorful path"
"Where?"
"How to eat ramen like a boss"
"A sudden realization..."
"Cool guys don't look at explosions"
"Well played"
"Mario finds his princess  just not in the way he wants..."
"watermelon to rind in .5 seconds.."
"I wasn't aware that has happened yet."
"2 Termzzz!!"
"2TERMZ"
"All I want for my birthday is an electoral vote"
"2016"
"Congratulations  Obama."
"Dos: New album cover for 'bama"
"Sums up Obama's re-election..."
"2 CHAINZ OBAMA ... oh wait I mean TERMS"
"Best highlight of the night"
"2 termzzzzz"
"Gratz"
"If this actually makes sense  I'm out 35 picohitlers"
"I tried playing a new game yesterday.."
"I tried playing a new game yesterday.."
"Magnetic Thinking Putty"
"In honor of MLK day..."
"The wise Martin Luther King Jr."
"17 years transforming"
"In response to those who have Swag..."
"Here's a dragon dancing in a club"
"Some of my favorite dog gifs"
"Every time I try to make the front page."
"/r/WTF told me that this belongs here!"
"Orochimaru irl"
"See you later"
"Obama's AMA"
"Me knowing I dont start school until next week"
"Every weekend now that school has started"
"A sad reality in my mid 20s'"
"Some editor is packing his bags today"
"Puma... or is it Pumba? (oc)"
"what your puppy does when you arn't at home."
"When i try to pick up the remote drunk"
"How I go downstairs the morning after a night of heavy drinking"
"It's a whale"
"How I feel when this gif gets reposted"
"What the relationship between my friends and I has become recently"
"Actually  this cat is like me sometimes with OCD."
"Seinfeld Wars"
"If you don't think this Nic Cage shirt I made is awesome.. You are sorely mistaken.."
"Oh boy!"
"Whenever a link tagged NSFW makes it to the front page of r/funny [SFW]"
"I don't even know what I'm typing into Google Images anymore."
"Dat Bass!"
"So I searched up &quot; Who is Reddit?&quot; I think it's pretty spot on...."
"Hockey coaches clone behind him at a game (x-post /r/hockey)"
"Hockey coach's clone sits behind him. (x-post /r/hockey)"
"Spidey.. go clean yourself"
"Atheism in a rather large nutshel [xpost from /r/pics]"
"True Love"
"Romney's kids sure knows their family's priority"
"Another Rmoney Opps"
"How I feel looking at stuff with crazy upvotes"
"When something I've seen on /r/new made it to the front page.."
"When someone complains online about my restaurant"
"What I think about most ''gamers'' on consoles these days."
"Whenever I open the dishwasher at work"
"Family guy always makes me laugh."
"A Lion chasing a Deer..."
"Please insert disc 2"
"screw vinyl  this is where it's at"
"Reddit has a lot...fuck it here is the repost. (x-post of the x-post to someplace on reddit."
"Monkey feeding a tiger cub"
"Cute monkey feeds small baby tiger"
"Two-year-old chimpanzee &quot;Do Do&quot; feeds milk to &quot;Aorn&quot;  a 60-day-old tiger cub."
"How I feel when factual information I give gets downvoted into oblivion for &quot;sounding pretentious.&quot;"
"As a Brit in the US  how I feel when someone asks if we celebrate the 4th July in England."
"Poor pigeon..."
"Conversations Between Browsers!"
"Grains of sand magnified over 250x"
"Sand magnified at 250x. Patterns of nature are amazing."
"With too many tabs open and one starts auto-playing music/video..."
"Just Adorable"
"A lamb born near Chernobyl."
"Cicada Shedding its Shell."
"Throne of Games"
"Party Hard"
"When all my friends go out on Friday night and I'm home alone"
"Is it html5?"
"My favorite game!"
"Shiiiiiiiiiit"
"The other side of America"
"Here's a bunch of cool pictures of President Obama. Some you've probably seen  but some maybe you haven't."
"Mother of the year....or does this belong on /r/trees?"
"This is the Zelda I remember"
"I can't think of a clever title."
"I've been typing random imgur links in the URL bar and posting here. I hope this is a real link  and is WTF enough for you guys."
"When you've got friends..."
"How I feel when people start posting comments longer than one paragraph"
"Barney"
"Just one loop more..."
"She's scared..."
"How I retaliate when someone tries to steal my spotlight."
"How I feel whenever I browse /r/new"
"Jackie San VS The Eye of Sauron (GIF)"
"When a teacher opens internet explorer to play a class video"
"Welcome to Australia"
"I'm just going to turn my head. Then I'll put this here. And then  uh  what the fuck?"
"Star Fox down!"
"Here's the bright side... It's not a baby!"
"What my local news covers in the morning"
"Crash Bandicoot Dance"
"Whenever I try to upload original content."
"Group photo at formal party (xpost from r/perfecttiming)"
"what happens to most things on r/new"
"Googled &quot;Slender Man&quot; (xpost from /r/WTF)"
"Fucking Wizards..."
"A cure for my foot pain"
"Some person that I never met posted this to the internet and now I am putting it here. Gave me a laugh."
"Fuck Your Happy Meal !"
"Touch the rainbow"
"The FUTURE!"
"Everyone subscribed to this subreddit in a gif"
"Searching wtf on google and this is just so what the fuck."
"How republicans feel"
"The police don't like 3 Stooges gags"
"Millions invested in armoury technology and someone manages to pull this off?! LOL"
"I bet this guy has seen The Three Stooges."
"No matter where you are  there will always be pool"
"This is my favorite leaf!"
"Taking highheels to another level?"
"Just found this on Facebook...."
"Who has seen this gif before?"
"WWI simplified"
"Do a barrel roll (squirrel version)"
"Powdered Toastman's parents [NSFW]"
"How I feel when I realize Redditors are mean  and I should stick to r/aww"
"Late to the party but first time playing CS 1.6"
"Why do soccer .gifs always deliver?"
"Are you sure you want to come in? My house is a complete mess!"
"Had to be done"
"Beating your own wife"
"My favorite part of the debate was when Metallica started playing."
"F*ck Everything!"
"presidential debate"
"DAT JIGGLE"
"Guess who?"
"Everyone should know this"
"Now this is what I call a real BBQ"
"Looking for someone to to add up votes to this harry potter gif"
"Overly Attached Cat is overly attached to cat treats [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Bitch what !"
"Well this is mildly disturbing..."
"How I feel After I take my Bra off."
"Its about to be uh  burr fight"
"Scarred Warrior"
"Still one of my favorite pics  ever."
"Reminds me of that scene from Alien"
"Suddenly a dog..."
"In the car after picking up a bag"
"Multitab browsing and then this happened thought i would share"
"Doot-Penguin"
"Shotgun Babe."
"do you even lift?"
"Fight me"
"Disrespect at Arlington National Cemetary"
"Fuck you..."
"Well. I thought it would be fun."
"oh  its my cakeday?!"
"I visited the Taipei 101 towers last week  I was impressed..."
"Reaction to every Regular Show episode ever"
"After my new boyfriend of five days told me he loved me..."
"Land of Opportunity"
"I miss this show"
"Don't get too excited..."
"It's Friday!!!"
"How I walk away from a strike [fixed]"
"My Brother Sent Me This  This Morning...."
"Move bitches."
"Stealing this from a first time poster. Light it up!!(it's soft xenophobia)"
"The detective brothers  Platypus 1 and 2"
"Saw this on the top of my news feed"
"I'll never be able to look at Ned Flanders the same way again..."
"We know who didn't kill Bin Laden."
"Easter is cancelled"
"He's a real hit with the ladies"
"He just makes your heart melt with cuteness:)"
"Zachary at his best..."
"Zach Galifinakis learning words"
"Zach Galifianakis came up in me newsfeed today"
"Not helping me sleep at night"
"The best part of Call of Duty."
"&gt;:D"
"In the midst of fire  people keeping their priorities straight..."
"He does have a point..."
"on a walk with my pet... wait what?"
"I came here to fuck bitches."
"I’m Never Taking Off My Seatbelt Again"
"Helping Obama win: hiding Obama signs behind Romney signs."
"Fruit Owl."
"Just another normal 4chan user."
"Seeing someone you know on r/gonewild"
"Let your children develop their own opinions"
"Smallest dick ever"
"Just came home from my first workday of 2012."
"Well  that escalated quickly..."
"The majority of photos floating around my FB newsfeed"
"I think this may be getting out of hand.."
"Well..that escalated quickly.."
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"This popped up on my facebook  Little drastic don't you think?"
"I see your African stick toilet and raise you my San Angeles latrine"
"Derp Tiger"
"A real sign of the times..."
"One of Hitler's less well-known speeches..."
"Reaction"
"First world dog"
"How I feel browsing new"
"Everytime I think I have a good idea at work."
"Intelligent design?"
"my teachers unfortunate name"
"Why the long face?"
"First GifSound."
"Looks good."
"Stamina"
"Me during Mitt Romney's concession speech"
"To all those that downvote me"
"And then  Mittens began crawling on the ceiling"
"The first time my girlfriend touched my penis..."
"Shake That"
"Do the Harlem Shake."
"Colorado the next few days"
"Colorado the next few days (x-post from /r/trees)"
"I think I'll stay home today..."
"JFK Alien Hunter"
"A little act of penmanship  (x-post from pics)"
"Envy."
"Woman and a Smurf examining Katy Perry at a movie premiere."
"Cosby &amp; Son"
"This is how lumberjacks do BBQ"
"SOUND THE HORNS!!!"
"SOUND THE HORN!"
"Predictions on Hurricane Sandy!"
"Irish rugby player Brian O'Driscoll visits a young girl in the hospital with the Heineken cup."
"Leinster Rugby Team bring the cup to Temple St Childrens Hospital"
"Missing stapler"
"Mark Twain in Tesla's lab"
"You may point out his shoes  but how the fuck is he holding those sunglasses?"
"I don't think that will be happening anytime soon."
"11 dangerous teenage trends."
"Tree merging with sidewalk"
"I see your chicken face swap and raise you an angry dog face swap."
"My Girlfriend."
"Spiderkid"
"Democratic Peoples Republic Of Korea"
"Ohh Sheldon"
"Back in the old days"
"L.E.D Zeppelin"
"Well....That escalated quickly."
"Well  that escalated quickly.. [FB]"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Seriously Facebook"
"Just a horse-loving couple (NSFW/NSFL)"
"Hunter S. Thompson did not fuck around."
"Wheres his Facebook memorial page?"
"FOR EVERYONE!!"
"Release the bees."
"Swarm of upvotes"
"Oprah"
"oprah in the trap"
"COOL STARRY BRA"
"oh ya..."
"The day it was legalized"
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"Saw this forever alone pillow"
"Going to start to order Chinese all the time now"
"Who I Imagined Reposters to be"
"Wait... I have Tuesday Off??!?"
"Clowning around! NSFW  NSFLish"
"All alone level 100"
"That Guy Changes His Mind More Than My Wife"
"Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga  except I still get to kill things."
"Psy yellin' at dat ass"
"What are friends for"
"A story of greed  heroism  and misfortune."
"This has probably been done  but it was the only thing I could think of when I saw this gif"
"What art thinks of men."
"One of my favourite gifs"
"WOOT?!"
"My reaction to Breaking Bad's finale tonight"
"Smokers?"
"You like watching cats??"
"Working on Friday  only thing on my mind"
"Reminds me of drunken girls trying to pose for a picture..."
"Peekaboo!"
"peekaboo"
"Whenever I try to get catch my cat doing something cute"
"my response when someone calls me gay"
"When people tell me Im going to hell for being an atheist"
"Oh you posted a facebook feed on Reddit?"
"Xbox live in a nutshell (X-post from /r/funny)"
"I'm just going to assume the owner is overcompensating..."
"This isn't where I parked my car..."
"My precious...."
"my favorite picture on the internet. (obvious repost but today is a special day for me on reddit)"
"Bagel head"
"A man has turned his dead cat  Orville  into a helicopter. Orvillecopter."
"Seems Legit."
"Feel the music little Franz! FEEL IT!"
"kid better not drop that thun thun"
"New favorite shirt"
"Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards."
"Best  Faceswap  Ever."
"A woman eating a jar of mayo on a bus."
"How I feel when I have to stand on the bus"
"To the frontpage!"
"this post."
"Is srs"
"Clever Hershey's"
"Mr. Lonely"
"How I feel  as a new Redditor  upvoting absolutely everything I see"
"Stormtrooper Swag"
"My post reached 2 upvotes after 5 hours but I got 1 comment saying &quot;First time I've genuinely laughed at a meme in a long time.&quot;"
"Worst day ever."
"At least they didn't come stag"
"Internet Search History"
"CATSAN"
"At the bar  buy a girl a drink  her first question is about kids"
"That's enough internet for tonight"
"For you  Reddit."
"...they sound serious..."
"I don't know about you guys..."
"Just when you think something goes to plan....."
"Would you rather fight 1 horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses? OR..."
"What an asshole!"
"Uh oh..."
"I'm so sorry... [Fixed]"
"Every time I consider checking the new queue"
"Whenever there's a gif longer than a few seconds."
"When someone posts a video that's longer than 10 minutes"
"Being asked to do something after getting comfy"
"Carl can't catch a break."
"Douches... they start so young"
"I can't even comprehend how it'd even be possible to give birth to a child in this condition."
"My thoughts on every post in r/new."
"All i want for my birthday"
"Obamalicious"
"Tea for one."
"Fuck this post"
"So here is a Nokia phone."
"I'm not sure why I find Japanese humor so entertaining. ಠ3ಠ"
"Look what they have done to me"
