"how i feel whenever i submit here"
"getting that first downvote on a new post"
"Sitting as a /new knight of /r/gaming seeing all the insanely twisted shadow planet flash sale posts."
"This is incredible; note how the faces look before you stare at the center of the image"
"Obama Sushi  I feel damaged."
"The White Pele"
"sweet ball trick"
"shit man  still am not perfect"
"Most posts after a few upvotes"
"My buddy decided to have some fun inside Costco with a mattress..."
"Stumbled across this while in Costco"
"Look what I found in Costco! (xpost from r/ wtf)"
"Succinct illustration of international relations in the 21st century"
"Epic Troll Cat"
"the Doctor meets Tron"
"Just my dog fucking a dead cow"
"It's a Penis!"
"Man loses his penis after consuming giraffe semen! [NSFW] [NSFL] (Gore)"
"Yeah  I don't think so."
"Unfair"
"So close..."
"still my favorite gif of all time"
"How is this gonna work?"
"*Update* Fat Guy 2  Gravity 3"
"When I see a little girl sing her heart out"
"bath"
"You want me to get in there!?!?!"
"Re-installing Baldur's Gate II. Luckily  I have the finest computer available."
"Wedding bands with etched wave-form of the couple saying &quot;I do&quot;"
"when in rome .. forever alone"
"Trying on his Daddy's halloween costume... Oh the irony"
"I think I'll just take a nap right here."
"Baby anteaters are possibly the cutest animals I've ever seen!"
"I LOVE YOU MAN!"
"FUCK. I died."
"Hey  Parker."
"It's my favourite kind of rice too..."
"Uncle Ben's"
"Maybe a repost  but this cracks me up every time."
"Uncle Ben...."
"Well.."
"Pobre Peter"
"Death of Superman"
"Wendy I can fly!"
"Take out your calculators please"
"Is this how I karma?"
"She deserved worse...."
"Am I the only one who feels this way toward &quot;tits&quot; meme?? NSFW"
"This gif is full of wtf"
"Well hello there"
"I see you there!"
"We meet again."
"Oh Heyyy"
"Fuck you  bear!"
"Escaped Bear from Ohio Killed in Cold Blood (NSFW)"
"have you ever been so angry you could toss a grizzly?"
"Snapple needs to bring this back!"
"Dialga uses roar of time (animated) (x-post r/pokemon)"
"electro gypsy..."
"Dialga uses Roar of Time  Addicting"
"Dialga used WOAAHHUUUHHH WOOOUAAAAHHH"
"DIALGA used TIME WARP"
"Don't end up as this guy."
"When I try to break the ice with a smooth joke"
"This will appease the great Willy"
"It'll be fun  they said"
"Maybe this will teach him how to read"
"That'll teach them"
"Different perspectives"
"Too much OAG links. Who remembers the original Over Attached Boyfriend?"
"Reddit I present to you the original overly attached boyfriend"
"Where OAG idea came from."
"Great Dane + Kitten"
"Today is the Day  Dear Redditors. Bow before the new Queen of /r/ Stephanie Von Soulstare!"
"Annoying white girl on youtube....seems familiar."
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"Bill Cosby with his jell-o"
"SHE TOLD ME SHE'D BUY GRAPES"
"Scumbag Sparkly"
"scumbag Edward Cullen"
"Scumbag Edward"
"Nice try  math"
"Nice try  math"
"Girl + Piercings + Wolverine obsession = WHAT THE FUCK"
"First time at the beach."
"When you go swimming when the water is too cold"
"Woopwoopwoopwoop"
"&quot;I'm the same size as I was in high school!&quot;"
"I will never understand people who look like this and think they are attractive!"
"Only at Ci-Ci's Pizza"
"Crack Kill.... no NO NOOOOO!!"
"A lady in Subway  in Tennessee."
"Who wears short shorts?"
"But...but......why!?!"
"oh..."
"nerd humor"
"Cryptic Humour"
"Deadpool spinning [FIXED]"
"Deadpool spinning gif mashup (OC that accidentally just happened to me)"
"Deadpool knows how to work that pole."
"Easily the most trippy gif I have EVER seen"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE  public transport edition"
"The times are even tough on Satan"
"Public Transportation: Not always the best option"
"What the hell."
"When my mom asks me to take off my sunglasses to see if I'm high  but I already used eyes drops."
"The Dalai Llama really cracks me up. He's so funny!"
"Whenever someone makes a sarcastic joke."
"Sexual Chocolate"
"I'm not sexy and I know it.."
"Drizzlin' that chocolate sauce."
"My face when I have been caught doing something bad."
"It wasn't me!"
"Can I has some free karma?"
"Freeze!"
"I swear ill shit in your face if you come any closer!"
"Try this move in a fight sometime  tell me how it works out."
"This game really needs a sequel"
"Even if it's true  you just don't say shit like that."
"Oh dogs  you so silly. [Album]"
"It's true on so many levels!"
"When I'm having a bad day and someone asks what's wrong."
"Oh stop it  you!"
"Just a death star tat on a star wars nerd chick! Possibly NSFW for you place of employment!"
"I found this today..."
"Oh shit  RUN!"
"Hilarious Prank"
"When my posts get downvoted"
"Anyone have a video link to this one?"
"The printer part is what really got me."
"Hey you guys!"
"I'm glad this exists."
"This morning when I heard the news........"
"How I imagen people will act when they find out Hostess Brands are closing"
"Lady in front of me grabbed the last box of twinkies"
"Hostess is shutting down. Sign of apocalypse? Maybe  but one thing is certain life's little Twinkie meter will soon run out"
"How I felt going to the store and seeing no Twinkies left on the shelf."
"Going to the store to try and buy Twinkies."
"How I feel when I spend ages looking at a &quot;when you see it&quot; post and it finally hits me."
"When I played baseball for the first time"
"WARNING! You are about to start crying."
"Dog (Does anyone know the source for this?)"
"Truly man's best friend"
"Calvin and Susie"
"Even as a teenager  he can't forget Hobbes."
"Ugh  right in the childhood!"
"This always cheers me up"
"brushy brushy."
"Makes me laugh every time"
"Every time someone who I dislike says something clever"
"Looking at my submissions and realizing the only one over with over 1000 upvotes is about poop.."
"Most work-places just ask you wash your hands."
"Animals Sitting Like Humans (xPost from r/galleries)"
"Woody Harrelson's Publicist"
"I took one look at r/spacedicks"
"Whenever I put a dish into the sink when someones doing the dishes."
"How I feel being a boyscout right now"
"When I hear my mom yelling my full name..."
"How I feel as a 26 year old guy when I got a FB friend request from a 14 year old girl who has a mutual friend"
"How I feel when I realized everybody knows my Reddit account after posting my own link on Facebook"
"This is Homer Simpson slowly backing into a bush."
"So I just stepped outside to get the mail and there's a cop car parked in front of my house."
"Fire"
"GF of three years left me. So for my cake day  some Self Immolation suicide jump. [GORE]"
"How i felt after going on r/spacedicks for the first time..."
"Every baseball fan with a 3DTV just shit themselves"
"Dog attempts to recreate human videos of &quot;a picture a day&quot; for savory canine karma"
"Couldn't help myself"
"My first Plague Inc run."
"I originally put in /funny. Was suggested I put it here also."
"Well  that's one way to die."
"Haha"
"It was a brutal way to go."
"Women  see what PMS does!"
"I see your Haha and raise you my Hahaha"
"The future  if we don't stop it!"
"WELP. We knew this would happen one day."
"Seems legit"
"Meanwhile at 9GAG Headquarters..."
"This game is so much fun."
"A glimpse of the future"
"Victory!"
"Better than AIDS I suppose"
"it's inevitable with how hot it's been lately"
"I'd say that sounds about right..."
"Stupidity.... its a killer"
"Figures I would win with this name."
"/b: &quot;That's nothing...&quot;"
"Anyone else ever watch this show and think..."
"How I feel when I try hanging out with the cool kids"
"What? No high five?"
"Every time an r/gonewild post makes it to the front page."
"saturday night and imgur is down..."
"First time surfing /r/new for more than 30 min…"
"When the car next to you is playing the same song"
"You came to the wrong neighbourhood"
"You came to the wrong neighborhood."
"I know you're busy..."
"Hey  Listen..."
"Kitty &lt;3"
"Shame on you."
"To all hunters who kill animals for food..."
"People just get dumber and dumber"
"I found this on Facebook  which was found in a newspaper."
"Fuck this boat  I'm out"
"what a sitting llama looks like"
"This is what Diglett looks like when he's getting a blowjob."
"Scoop ! Picture of a Giant Hairy Cute Worms ! Don't miss it !"
"Something about those eyes..."
"Aaayoooo I'm a turtle"
"Faith will save us all."
"I'm Thinking About Quitting My Job Today..."
"Thought this was great"
"I don't trust people who don't drink."
"I don't trust people who don't drink."
"I don't trust people who don't drink."
"Gravity as it shifts to the East"
"Every time I post new content."
"Douchebag Ryan."
"Almost pissed my pants in fear D:"
"Yep that's exactly what I wanted to type..."
"probably the only autocorrect word i agree with."
"I have horrible friends."
"MMMMMMM  Forbidden Donuts! Homer Simpson Escalator"
"Thats Nasty"
"Thats Nasty"
"So my date ditched on me tonight."
"Poor kitty"
"That's no moon..."
"This is a Lion's Mane jellyfish..."
"lion's mane jellyfish"
"Aquatic Nope: Lion's Mane Jellyfish"
"Lions mane jellyfish  level: nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnope"
"When my professor says that the speech I wrote at 3 AM the night before is one of the best he's ever heard"
"When Someone Asks Me If I'm Doing No Shave November"
"bees are awesome creatures"
"Can I come? NO."
"Flight of the bees"
"Bees aren't the smartest things"
"Defending the front page from /new"
"Bad flyer"
"Fish and laser"
"lazer guided fish"
"Not a big fan of cats  so....."
"The laser pointer affects all."
"How I cope as a Redditor without a cat."
"Found in the children's section of a Swedish library"
"Atheism is clearly the primary origin of our world's violence and hatred."
"If atheists were like Christians"
"So... Reddit likes bad tattoos?"
"I think I'll board the bad tattoo train."
"They see me rollin.."
"Ninja .1000....."
"You Pullin’ a Fast One on Me?"
"You lookin' at me funny?"
"sup guys"
"Nice to meet you all."
"Not a fursuit"
"A Present For Reddit Especially"
"Mmm...yes."
"Mozilla Babyfox"
"It's my oneyear-iversary. For my cake day  I'll like to submit a picture of what I think are nature's cutest animals and I move to have them replace cats."
"The Cutest Fox Baby I Have Ever Seen!"
"Guile theme really does go with everything"
"Haha what the fuck."
"meanwhile in canada"
"WTF Canada?"
"April's Fool Trick"
"When I found out someone in my family had married a slave 400 years ago..."
"when my african american friend calls me &quot;mah nigga&quot;"
"Pond Inside a Glacial Cave - Jostedalsbreen  Norway"
"Posted a negative comment about the Hunger Games on my FB and..."
"After 2 years  I broke out of the friend zone with my best friend  this was all I was thinking"
"Whenever I'm on a quick escalator"
"When I skip 2 minutes ahead while watching porn"
"Rose?"
"Hitler can pull off any look"
"she wants to play..."
"gifsounds didn't appreciate"
"How would you feel?"
"I'm so sorry"
"My new response to everything"
"OMG HUMAN."
"Asians..."
"searched reddit for &quot;stahp&quot; this was the third result. Is she loving the cat... or literally going to eat it?"
"Stahp"
"&quot;Human... Wat r u doing...&quot;"
"Smells like an overstated sense of importance"
"For Men. Men who love their country."
"Hello ladies. I don't always hang out with men  but when I do  they're the most interesting men."
"i dont always take pictures with actors from commercials but when i do..."
"Smoking kills"
"Smoking can be dangerous"
"Now is the time to quit smoking."
"vietnamese babies after agent orange exposure"
"Damn Door."
"When I'm browsing and run in to my own submission with a surprising amount of upvotes"
"Got the stomach flu...."
":( (my favorite gif)"
"How I feel when I'm starving but my wife isn't ready to head to the restaurant"
"the best part of having a Nokia"
"The kid's little friend."
"Fuck this shit."
"When I'm getting yelled at by a customer  going from school  straight to work."
"How reddit manages Romney supporters"
"Whenever someone says something stupid on reddit  I downvote every comment/post of theirs to teach them a lesson."
"How it feels to get downvoted on r/aww"
"Call me immature  but I couldn't help but break into laughter."
"Absolutely stunning streetart by the artist MTO"
"3D Street / House art"
"Just Bob Marley and Jimi Hendrix playing Football/Soccer back stage"
"Why sell meth when you can breed puppies?"
"A story of two friendly taffy makers."
"Who I'm voting for this election"
"So..."
"So...{Fixed}"
"Good without God."
"its alright. god told him he could do it"
"Its alright. God told him he could do it (xpost from r/pics)"
"Good without God"
"Not sure whether to laugh or cry..."
"Oh shit! shit! aaaand saved"
"Nice save"
"This almost looks intentional... (x-post from r/funny)"
"How I feel building a site from scratch to launch."
"See how it's done?"
"Nailed it!"
"Oh i heard you like swag  well this is how i think you look like with your swag.."
"I ordered a 'Reddit' T-shirt to be delivered...wasn't surprised when this came in the mail"
"Something is wrong with people"
"Heterozygoats"
"I've tried to come up with a title to describe this  trust me  I've tried."
"I have absolutely no idea  so don't ask. [NSFW]"
"The cat's out of the bag"
"All the ladies love Jack"
"Get some Jack!"
"You is a whole fool!"
"A Chipper WWII Vet - I thought it was amusing"
"Saw this on Facebook...I'll take that with some pencils and paper please"
"It sees all.."
"She went full derp"
"I will have plenty of food to last through Hurricane Irene"
"Stock Up Everyone!"
"Bring it on  hurricane. [PIC]"
"Getting ready for this Hurricane"
"God is my Copilot"
"Anyone else as annoyed as me?"
"How I feel about teen pregnancy"
"#YOLO"
"Every time a paranormal story starts with  &quot;I was lying in my bed when&quot;."
"Only Morgan Freeman."
"My friends cancelled our plans to hang out  and this is what happened. (x-post from IASIP)"
"Master Baiters"
"Come to the dark side...we have donuts!"
"This just fucking disturbs me."
"Paula Dean is one hell of a chick"
"power ranger gif. can i get a source?"
"How I feel when finding something good in new/rising (surrounded by crap)"
"Finding out that I didn't fail my classes"
"How i feel being able to sit down after having to walk around working for 8 hours."
"HIFW I take a huge dump"
"How I felt finding out my only class on Monday is cancelled."
"I don't care what anyone says  this will always be my favorite picture on the internet"
"Damn she's kinda cu---OH GOD!"
"So cute  so... wait  what?"
"Cute girl"
"One of my favorites. XD"
"I do have a thing for chinese girls"
"This guy is unreal."
"The Goose is loose!"
"Looks like a pretty good pizza."
"cute pups"
"Now we know who started the Big Bang"
"The Size of Planets [gif]"
"This is what happens when I see a sexy girl in town"
"After a night out at the bars"
"X-Ray Photography"
"Albert Einstein in fuzzy slippers."
"The bible: edited for content"
"Me after 10 minutes on r/WTF"
"I was an accident too."
"My reaction upon seeing /r/stopgirl had been fucked over."
"How redditors react to reposts when browsing r/funny"
"By the second page of /r/TheStopGirl - [it just went private?!]"
"How i laugh at things my co-worker shows me in the internet  that i've saw earlier on reddit."
"How I felt seeing all of the Stop Girl posts lately"
"I think it is funnier in reverse."
"lriGpotSehT"
"Talking about someone  and then they walk by..."
"Senora's cats"
"Angry Pirate"
"This is the Reddit Community"
"R gaming in a nutshell"
"Michael Jackson drinking vodka with two midgets?"
"The allegations of child molestation against MJ were false  and here's the proof!"
"Michael Jackson getting drunk with little girls"
"Michael Jackson didn't just like little boys....."
"Spider webs. NOPE."
"Trees Cocooned in Spider Webs in Pakistan"
"I'll have seconds"
"I see your zombie fortress and I raise you a better idea."
"Forever Alone"
"The Doctor Dances"
"I was just trying to help a stranger out."
"I was just trying to be a good guy!"
"Just being a great person when..."
"How I picture /r/trees"
"how catching cold comes by"
"... when the ghost puts his penises up there the nose feels stuffed up."
"&gt;gf is prego"
"gf is prego [x-post /r/4chan]"
"Some dogs just pee with more style than others"
"overly attached jesus"
"weeeeee..AAAAAHHHH!!!"
"In another universe..."
"Reverse christmas"
"It's that time of year again."
"Presents Opening Children"
"Presents Opening Children"
"Happy Holidays To All!"
"A Repost? Since when?"
"Time Travel. [fixed]"
"Time Travel"
"when do we want it!?"
"Giving some context to all my friends in Britain complaining about &quot;heavy snow&quot; [FIXED]"
"Giving some context to all my friends in Britain complaining about &quot;heavy snow&quot;. [FIXED]"
"Still my favorite kid's book"
"What it feels like to be the last of my mates still single"
"I think I found my next bed"
"When I make a post that starts strong and then just dies."
"Every time I see toilet paper in the garbage while living at home with my brother."
"Justice"
"This is how I feel arguing on r/athiesm"
"Just saw this in my Facebook feed ... holy.freaking.crap. I think this calls for a deletion."
"Saw this in my FB feed  I don't know what to say"
"Sleeve cat"
"Snake Cat"
"She forgot the safe word"
"Oh hay a cat burrito OM NOM NOM NOM"
"RUN THE FUCK AWAY"
"Looks Yummy!"
"X-wing beard"
"X-Wing Beard-genius (x-post from r/funny)"
"There are no words  but I think I love him"
"Don't eat us  we're cute!"
"My favorite gif  to this day."
"Clever mascot"
"So thats where pandas come from!"
"I think about it too"
"Star Wars  behind the scenes"
"browsing reddit at 3 A.M."
"When I get a compliment"
"Watch out  we got a badass over here"
"Found this on Facebook  thought it would fit in here..."
"If you don't feel old yet  he's been dead for 9 years."
"This Guy vs Kristen Stewart"
"Sand struck by lightning. [Pic] (Photo by Ken Smith  National Geographic)"
"Sand struck by lightning. (Photo by Ken Smith  National Geographic) [x-post from r/pics]"
"Found this while searching &quot;Monster Octopus&quot;..."
"Our Future (gif)"
"Just A Baby Dolphin- Xpost from /r/whalebait....."
"Found a baby dolphin with its umbilical cord still attached"
"Baby dolphin. (FB)"
"Expansion of Walmart Empire"
"What's the problem dad"
"Making light of a serious scene"
"How to draw a perfect circle!"
"Whenever somebody writes &quot;The Dark Night&quot; instead of &quot;Knight&quot;"
"How I feel when I go to use the bathroom after my dad and he said he only took a piss but really took a nasty shit"
"Like this dog  I am not a morning person."
"I am not a 99% (Yet). I know our country is fucked up right now and I stand behind you with the occupy wall street protests. But I just want you to remember one thing..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art toooooooo"
"Lenin &amp; Lenin Cat enjoy a quiet afternoon"
"Lenin with His Cat  Speaking to an American Journalist in the Kremlin  1920 [468x631]"
"I surrender"
"Apple Maps"
"Only 9¢"
"They're both dead?"
"Saw this on /r/WTF.....WTF is right"
"Repost from /r/wtf I understand  but I dont"
"Taylor Swift is one of us..."
"Our Hero?"
"How I feel as a Junior debating other students in a 100-level class."
"What visiting /new feels like when you're in a bad mood."
"The Reddit archives have been raided."
"This is how Reddit dies."
"I know what you mean.."
"This was on my facebook.....come on"
"How I react whenever I see a spider"
"I Don't Even Know Where To Look"
"As a Canadian  this gif is perfect"
"one time i had a tiny train too!"
"Tiny Hippo"
"Badass Hippo"
"Ain't no one...."
"The Tiny Hippo."
"Baby hedgehog enjoying his bubble bath."
"Renta Spong"
"Insanity wolf IRL?"
"First thing that came to mind.....WTMF"
"First .gif that made me laugh til I cried and ached."
"For the LORD!!!!!"
"No fap September? huh"
"Grant me your bacon"
"Bring home the bacon."
"GRANT ME YOUR BACON"
"Bacon ftw."
"Always when I fry bacon and someone walks in."
"My reaction when I get 3 upvotes"
"Terror"
"Looking in the mirror after I forgot to shower."
"When people insist on clapping at the end of a movie"
"Pinche Bruce"
"crowded pond"
"So my friend hatched ducks this week..."
"My attempt to get my fat cat to move"
"Bring me Solo.. And a cookie"
"OCD Checklist"
"Everytime I try to fap with my parents home."
"Cat mustache like a sir"
"A little difference."
"Wow! That a bold new ad campaign there McDonalds!"
"Pokemon theme song"
"Discovered this at work today. The most exciting thing that happened all day"
"After eating White Castle this is all you think about"
"Uhhh....guys. A little help please."
"Get down from there"
"I've made a huge mistake"
"Any idea where this place is?"
"What it's like surfing reddit before seeing Dark Knight Rises."
"This is what my hometown is famous for"
"After the advancement of games  how could we not make a reflection of this?"
"Schoolkids and Prodigy"
"Think I'm going to end my life after watching this 20+ loops"
"Thor Almighty..."
"And With A Rebel Yell He Cried..."
"Never gets old"
"Just.. Wow! I like this."
"Best tattoo I've ever seen"
"It's simple  we kill the Batman..."
"What the fuck ever happened to these?"
"Why did you have to Leave me crispy m&amp;ms????"
"Rengar's Ultimate"
"suprise motherf*cker"
"HAHA!"
"Here comes the..."
"Damn nature you scary"
"A Pokemon can appear any time in tall grass. You need your own Pokemon for protection."
"Love  Carl"
"Love  Carl"
"Penn Jillette on God"
"Good ol' Penn Jillette"
"The my leg fish from spongebob?"
"I love last supper gifs."
"The Last Badass"
"Drop those apostles like they're hot"
"At first I was in awe  but then I laughed for fifteen minutes."
"Just noticed this from the Last Supper [Fixed] [Fixed]"
"Cakeday kitty."
"Sleeping wales"
"A pod of sleeping Sperm Whales."
"Privacy please?"
"This town needs a better class of breakfast (The Joker infiltrated my breakfast)"
"On my friends facebook &quot;Wanna know how I got these berries?&quot;"
"Oh Watermelon!"
"Sounds Real Enough"
"r/awwrrr"
"Like a boss."
"Get the fuck out of here!"
"Adios  bitches!"
"How I imagine every repost"
"Gimme it! MINE"
"Tony Starch"
"So much want!"
"Iron Man."
"Tell me how you can look at this and not smile"
"I wish I had a can of that"
"Saw this today on the bus"
"shut up  charles"
"Hairless cats"
"Everytime I read the comments on R/Imgoingtohellforthis"
"Tiny Hippo Comic reworked into a wallpaper."
"An old tale of friendship.."
"Hey  sexy!"
"Wet Explosion"
"Don't think this move is in the Tony Hawk games."
"LMFAO"
"When you ride alone  you ride with hitler"
"The last picture taken on the world trade center...."
"bad luck brian taking a picture..."
"How to make a baby"
"Petite girl takes on two monster cocks at once."
"This just made my day pretty horrible."
"I'm not buying blinds again"
"Oh...You're home early....."
"Oh  I see you're home early..."
"When I see a fellow Catholic trying to argue with an atheist."
"What I feel like after not going on reddit for a day"
"Steve Irwin on elevator animals."
"Ex girlfriends"
"Everyone has an ex like this."
"The current status of Humble Indie Bundle V"
"How I see the battle between Notch and Humblebrony..."
"Damn brilliant idea"
"Give this guy a ribbon"
"if it exists  there is porn of it."
"Rolling in the deep..."
"Whenever my mom looks at my computer screen to see what I'm looking at."
"This is what you look like right now"
"She sat on SpongeBob"
"Every time I try and get Karma on a day other than my cake day"
"What i say when people ask me why I'm an atheist"
"For the glory of Satan!"
"Me  The Whole Time During Cabin in the Woods"
"Glory of Satan!"
"Bless you!"
"Achooo!!!"
"Yum"
"Nom  nom  nom."
"SCAREcrow?"
"The person who built these gave absolutely zero fuck"
"Need the restroom? awkward..........."
"Well at least your face is hidden..."
"onions."
"when i realized i missed my cake day"
"How I feel receiving feedback on my comments on Reddit and Imgur - Imgur"
"Ta Daaaaaaa!!!"
"and..... Ta-da!"
"Magic trick"
"A Mother Shaves Numbers On Her Identical Quadruplet Boys’ Heads"
"Check out these flames"
"Gets me everytime"
"Thanks  I wasn't sure."
"with fast easy results"
"Dragon Cat"
"Hey  buddy! Haven't seen you in a long time!"
"I feel turning the shower head on in the morning."
"Walkin' down an escalator"
"Sweet Revenge!"
"Toy Story just mind fucked me."
"Young Sean Connery"
"Eruption (pic)"
"A short guide on how to get kicked in the dick."
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"Map of contradictions in the bible"
"Not Today  Bitch"
"I ALMOST clicked on one of those fake download links today. My reaction when I realized..."
"Not today."
"What a jerk!"
"Is it too soon to be funny?"
"Too soon."
"Why? Why would you even do this to your baby?"
"OK Slippy"
"How it feels after surfing Reddit for too long"
"hangover cat"
"Hangover Cat"
"Hungover Lynx"
"The longer I look  the more it freaks me out....."
"Magic!"
"You like to pee on the train standing up?"
"When my co-worker told me he disabled his auto correct..."
"Have a seat human"
"Massive eyeball washes up on beach"
"State wildlife officials try to identify species of a softball size blue eyeball found at Pompano Beach  FL."
"Giant Mysterious Eyeball Found on Florida Beach"
"Huge eye discovered on pompano beach in Florida"
"Mysterious eye found on the beach"
"someone else has probably already posted this  but i dont care. it's just too funny!!!"
"Gotcha!"
"SIKE."
"add a cat and were good to go"
"I see your plush narwhal and narwhal sculpture  and raise you a...."
"I found this on the Men's restroom at my university today..."
"Comparison of Brave New World and 1984  shockingly familiar"
"What's scarier: An Orwellian Society or A Brave New World?"
"Aldous Huxley a visionary"
"I'll see your grilled cheese sandwich  and raise you a creepy-ass little girl staring at a grilled cheese sandwich."
"The Ron Swanson Zone"
"On and on forever and ever."
"Time to switch to a liquid only diet."
"What are friends for..."
"Dick move Steve  dick move"
"Any wish in the world?... Worth it."
"What kind of sick fuck would wish this on anyone?"
"This one gets me every time."
"Biggest Beetle I Ever Killed [FIXED]"
"Just a cat in SPA"
"This might hit a little close to home for some of us O_O"
"Reddit in a nutshell. Oldie but goodie. It's my inspiration to keep clicking next page every time I look outside"
"The dance of my people [nsfw]"
"This is my kind of porn (NSFW)"
"Funniest thing I have seen all week - NSFW"
"Did he do that the entire time?"
"This shit makes no sense  best accident."
"Coz a pirate is free."
"This hot tub is hot!"
"Jacuzzi on the Matterhorn"
"Woke up and realized it was time to ride the karma train"
"Young parents on facebook..."
"What it feels like seeing all these &quot;faces of r/atheism&quot; posts."
"Thanks! Wasn't sure what those buttons meant."
"Freddy Mercury is truly a reddit icon."
"Freddie Mercury Swimming in Pussy (SFW)"
"Freddie Mercury with some cats. That is all"
"I think it's safe to say Freddie Mercury would have spent a lot of time here."
"I did [x] for my [x]. Am I doing it right?"
"When someone [FIXES] my post"
"How I feel when I post on AskReddit trying to get some legitimate advice on a subject."
"/r/pics mods removed a post that followed all the rules because people wanted to donate to a man suffering from cancer - this is my message to the mods"
"MFW there are jokes on the front page from episodes I haven't seen of the shows I watch."
"Five Second Rule"
"Magic Trick"
"dad trol level:reality"
"My favorite magic trick"
"Pick A Card  Any Card. . ."
"Bragging: A Physical Interpretation"
"Banana.."
"And not one single fuck was given.."
"I hear hanging from a cliff is popular"
"Facebook stole a more recent post"
"Living with a lesbian  this is how I feel every time I overhear lady lovin'"
"I guess that i will be napping on the floor today..."
"I think he missed a spot."
"I think he missed a spot."
"A wallpaper for you  reddit!"
"Barney is shuffling everyday"
"NPH Dance"
"How I felt when I broke 1000 link karma."
"How I feel leaving work for a week long vacation"
"I want this car."
"Another kind of Alphabet... (x-post from r/creepy)"
"A very accurate pie chart."
"the correct use of a pie chart"
"Just caught this correlation on my facebook feed"
"Don't be racist!"
"Is this insanely racist or is it just me?"
"I think we could all learn a lesson from him"
"Mario on racism"
"&quot;Not only are we in the Universe  the Universe is in us. I don't know of any deeper spiritual feeling than what that brings upon me.&quot; - Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"People Change....."
"Some of the most iconic photos of our history in colour"
"This is what I look like when I play Amnesia."
"Can anyone tell me what this GIF is from?"
"How I feel when I accidentally click a NSFL link"
"Being tricked into looking at lemonparty.com..."
"So I went to r/spacedicks when my friend told me it was astronauts doing pranks."
"How I feel every time I step foot in Wal-Mart"
"When I wake up to find my karma has gone up loads over night."
"Missed my Cakeday while moving into college..."
"Where does this come from?! Whats the origin?!"
"My favorite gif happens to go with my favorite song!"
"When it's bright  sunny day in Seattle."
"Monkey with a human like face has been discovered. It is called the lesula monkey"
"strangely beautiful and terrifying at the same time"
"Just let me..."
"Oh. So that's where my flamingo went..."
"quote by Oscar Wilde"
"The results of a light snowfall and a sunny afternoon..."
"Snow shadow."
"When you see it!!!!"
"Graffiti  whoa."
"What I want to say to most of the Little Kids."
"His Hammer..."
"Is that..RAVIOLI!?"
"I am ready for the ravioli now."
"Time Travel"
"Doc tells Marty how it is.."
"Gaming logic"
"because fuck logic"
"Bird Bird after a night of drinking away sorrows. Thanks Mitt..."
"Fuck this shit."
"Thought this 'Google your username would be pretty straightforward/boring for mine. I was not disappointed  however."
"Hold on!"
"No  he iz mine!"
"I'll just leave these parked here."
"How I feel when everyone downvotes my posts"
"PENIS PENIS PENIS!"
"F for fail."
"Help me."
"The new steam badge system makes me feel old"
"Pugs are so ugly that they're cute"
"Can I get slippers in my own image too?"
"My dog's Christmas present..."
"Yo  I heard you guys liked puppies...."
"Pugception."
"Deal with it."
"Ninjas"
"Let us remember  the original Scumbag Steve: Fred Durst"
"Mars Rover’s Newest Panoramic View"
"Fucking Mars. That is all."
"Real HD Panorama of planet MARS"
"Ocean law for sevens and greens"
"Not just clean shaven...WEASEL clean shaven! 0_o"
"I guess I'm going to hell for laughing at this . . ."
"From the onion  but so true (xpost pics)"
"I guess I'm going to hell for laughing at this . . ."
"learned nothing  you have young padawan"
"Now  I elevate."
"this is worse then the time the stairs broke"
"What's your worst escalator story?"
"Now  I elevate"
"W. and Pedobear - It Takes Two"
"Re-Envisioned Cereal Box Characters"
"Real Life Cereal Characters"
"Re-Envisioned Cereal Box Characters (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Real Life Cereal Characters"
"The most beautiful pens"
"8:30AM on a Friday and I'm already on reddit... How I'm going to feel by 5PM..."
"He died for our sins... Now he's back to return the favor"
"fuck life."
"fuck life"
"Ha! Ha!"
"To hell with the debates!"
"'MERICA  I CHOOSE YOU!"
"So i saw this during the debate..."
"Read the bottom line!"
"Yes...Yes they should"
"Edward Scissorhands child costume... Be still my heart"
"Well  well  well. Would you look at the time."
"How I feel at 5 P.M. every single day haha"
"been studying all day and this is how i feel"
"Me the minute work ends"
"Annnd it's Friday "
"I laughed alot harder than I really should have"
"Found this in my newsfeed..."
"How To Get Welfare"
"How to get on welfare"
"I know a black guy and this is my favorite picture ever."
"How To Get Welfare"
"ROTFLMFAOCOPTER!"
"Meanwhile at the library"
"How every redditor ought to act in libraries."
"Don't leave"
"Just adopted this little guy a few weeks ago."
"ATTACK!"
"Your leg is salty and hairy and I love it"
"Fabulous powerlifter"
"After opening a pickle jar for mom"
"/r/gonewild in a gif form."
"/r/gonewild in a nutshell"
"Pretty much sums up r/gonewild"
"Ninja Warrior"
"This showed up in a google search for Anne Hathaway..."
"Here is a dog wearing clothing."
"Shit Spraying Device"
"What A Shitty Invention"
"There should be more of these."
"Best upvote gif ever"
"Zombie Playground (art by Jason Chan)"
"Delicious"
"Why!!!! Oh lawd!!!!"
"Mortal Kombat"
"Finish Her! [NSFW]"
"Fatality!!! (NSFW)"
"Liu Kang wins ~ Fatality"
"Bicycle kicks. [NSFW]"
"The Most Goddamned American Thing I've Ever Seen"
"'MURICA"
"will this get me banned from /r/Pyongyang"
"North Korea is Best Korea"
"North Korea is Best Korea"
"I was on youtube when I saw this ad...."
"Looking for a new career with scary/slightly angry cgi babies?"
"That stare"
"Is that what we're calling exorcists these days?"
"I think someone's marketing skills might need some work."
"Saw this ad on Youtube..."
"it's just digging it's self a deeper grave..."
"he just kept digging himself a deeper grave."
"Freestyle urination"
"shitty heineken (fb)"
"How not to run away from the Police"
"Just realized I haven't filed my taxes yet !!"
"Realizing summer is over in a week"
"The Ceiling of Sagrada Familia  a Catholic church in Barcelona"
"Sagrada Familia Church Roof of the Nave in Barcelona  Spain."
"Sad  but too true."
"ridiculously photogenic dog"
"inspiration"
"cool idea"
"[HIFW] I hold an explosive fart for a full lecture in a class of 200"
"Pingu Likes Beatles"
"What it feels like when I try to learn the constellations."
"What the constellations looked like back when they were coming up with them."
"Whenever I delete a failed post"
"Every time I make a ninja edit"
"When a comment of mine gets downvoted."
"Rawr!"
"creepy gramps being creepy"
"I may not go down in history..."
"This guy has the best shirt ever!"
"A group of astronomers were observing the center of the Milky Way using the laser guide star facility at Yepun."
"Amazing sunset"
"This came out too cute not to share with you..."
"Snug as a bear in an omelette!"
"He's so adorable I could just eat him up"
"This pervert always watches me masturbate"
"The things I've seen...."
"Man's Best Friend [fixed]"
"Bob Ross + baby raccoon"
"Bob Ross with Raccoon"
"Dream girl"
"Realizing...."
"Realizing..."
"thoughts in the court..."
"Finally got a job interview"
"Bears Love DIO"
"This 14 megapixel picture has 1 black pixel. The same odds as winning lotto 6/49."
"JK Rowling's new Adult Novel &quot;The Casual Vacancy&quot;. First page. [FIXED]"
"Anyone got another bottle?"
"Yoda at his finest"
"Cancer Awareness Lobster"
"Dogs..."
"After your last final..."
"My husband works in telecom  this is how I feel sometimes when he starts talkin' all technical on me."
"Hail Satan!"
"She let this grow on her for 20 years..."
"Pony stuck in a tractor wheel."
"After one year of work  Dreams do come true!"
"Laughter every freakin' time."
"Fish vs. Kid"
"it keeps coming back."
"Justin Beaver in 2 years"
"NO"
"A sign at my local mechanic."
"Solid snake octopus camo. cat (MGS4)"
"This cat better be named Harvey."
"....Hair"
"Come with me. I can show you the world..."
"I present to you the new hair style to top all hair styles"
"Bad Luck Brian - Look at me now!"
"Bad Luck Brian grew up..."
"Bad Luck Brian Today"
"Mmmmmm..."
"When I want to buy a discounted game in Steam and it isn't compatible with wine."
"I think we're all forgetting what atheism is actually about  let me remind you all"
"Is that legal?"
"What would happen if Nightcrawler could play sports?"
"When I leave Reddit and come back only to find a plethora of upvotes"
"Titty Kitty (x-post from r/nsfw_gifs) NSFW"
"Nuclear Lunch!"
"A Gannet Bird saying NOPE"
"I'm lovin' it"
"Original OAG"
"The ORIGINAL Over Attached Girlfriend (FIXED)"
"The overly attached girlfriend that started it all [FIXED]"
"The Original OAG"
"A true earworm"
"Ear Worm: let's just get this combo out of the way"
"No Vacancy!"
"How to draw an owl"
"How to draw an owl"
"How to draw an owl"
"How to draw an owl"
"How to draw an owl"
"How to draw an owl... it's easy guys"
"How I feel about most drawing tutorials"
"Adolf Hipster"
"Adolf Hipster"
"I found hipster Hitler"
"Hipster Hitler."
"What snake venom does to blood."
"What snake venom does to blood [gif]"
"What snake venom does to blood (xpost from woahdude)"
"I have no idea why I laughed so hard at this"
"The original starters (x-post from r/gif)"
"The President of the United States of America"
"The POTUS playing basketball"
"The President of the United States of America (Fixed)"
"A refreshing lunch"
"Hotdog  now with tarter protection."
"Rooby... Dooby... Doo!"
"The real Scooby-Doo!!"
"Quintessence of my life"
"Hold my beer. Watch this!"
"What it feels like trying to get out of r/new"
"Wish I had this in my dorm"
"How I feel about 97% of Facebook posts"
"How I feel everytime I get rickrolled."
"Whenever I see someone comment &quot;FIRST!&quot; on a post/video/picture/link"
"Rescued this guy from a rouge gang of space rocks. Also  he served in the navy."
"Ready for my closeup!"
"So Fluffy!!!"
"Gay marriage and liberalism: A WARNING!"
"Conservative propaganda is a constant source of delight"
"Not sure if troll or republican..............That grasshopper does look sexy though."
"Damn rules."
"Do not insert into penis"
"Does that even need to be said..."
"Meanwhile in Scotland"
"meanwhile in scotland..."
"Meanwhile in Scotland...."
"Yahoo Answers produces an awesome prank idea!"
"How I feel at home with the flu"
"My thoughts in church"
"It never works  just stop trying."
"Australians thoughts on America this morning"
"Downvote this all you want but it seems to be working fine for the rest of the world"
"Am I the only one that thinks this?"
"After seeing all weird hands today  I have to ask....."
"It's not that hard."
"Why the fuck do people put the punchline in the title of their post?"
"Getting yelled at by a girl wearing yoga pants."
"Ohh god  what have I done.."
"I Don't Want to set the Judge on Fire"
"A slightly different take on the Dredd gif"
"Dredd is in Payne"
"apparently cats do party"
"This picture is total win"
"Git meow skank on!"
"This kid..."
"I'm sorry pinata bro"
"This is how we treat Valve and Gabe Newell"
"Dont worry.. its not contagious."
"Azn being cute"
"The fuck?"
"An old favorite of mine"
"This is how I usually feel when sparring and my teacher turns it up to 11."
"When I hear a sound at night and i'm home alone"
"When I accidentally skip an episode of Lost on netflix"
"Mistyped an imgur link  was rewarded with this beauty...[NSFW]"
"If anything belonged on r/WTF it's this. Enjoy the weekend Reddit!"
"What christians think atheists do for the holidays."
"Maybe he has done this before..."
"How much pain can you take... maybe?"
"Shoon."
"Forgot your Windows 98 password? No problem."
"Younger Redditors don't know about real security problems"
"Mighty Morphine Power Ranger"
"It's morphine time!"
"Morphine time!"
"Did I just end up in Mario Kart Land????"
"Cleaned and rearranged my desk at work this morning  and now..."
"How I feel after clearing 100GB+ of harddrive space..."
"Looking at my home screen on my iPhone 5 right now."
"Like a boner"
"Monk and a tiger"
"Sharing is Caring"
"Just a monk being bad ass"
"Monk and Tiger sharing their meal"
"Monk sharing with a tiger (x-post r/pics) [889x591]"
"My cat won't leave me alone when I'm eating a snack either."
"Lunch time"
"When I see somebody Karma Whoring with their pets"
"How I Feel Voting in the New Section"
"*sigh*"
"andddd its friday [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"put the fear of God in them"
"Hes going to be EVERYWHERE tomorrow. Get ready."
"OMG Spongebob!!1"
"My friend just offered me a free ticket to Dark Knight tonight"
"bears acting italian"
"You can't handle the cute"
"Can you hold this for me for a second?"
"A handful of 'Aww...'"
"One of the most touching images I have ever seen of President Obama."
"Derpin around on facebook when this pops up..."
"Nintendo 3DS Safety Manual"
"Swan Lake Unlimited"
"How I feel when my greatest post ever gets downvoted to oblivion."
"For lease"
"KKK Pink Chapter"
"I knew something about him looked familiar but I couldn't put my finger on it"
"Every Move You Make"
"I-PHONE 5 The best Apple device ever released !"
"A scorpionfly. Oh HELL NO."
"Scorpionfly"
"Wut ? [NSFW]"
"Found this on my news feed HAHA overly attached girlfriend."
"I got worried."
"Baby in Oven Dish"
"Interesting commercial by Dove showing nice models"
"The wind never stood a chance."
"The Wind Never Stood A Chance"
"What I imagine the average reddit user looks like. (Repost from r/workaholics)"
"An oldie  but goodie... Surely you redditors can relate."
"Women=Problems"
"Police Notes"
"Godspeed You! Cat Emperor"
"Godspeed you Cat Emperor"
"The United States Embassy has its own custom-made M&amp;Ms."
"Official M&amp;M at the USA embassy in Ottawa."
"US Embassy in Canada has custom M&amp;Ms"
"Elephant at the beach."
"When I wrongly assume I can handle another shot."
"That obese lady and the young girl dressed in pink? I fixed the photo  for I could no longer stand it."
"Lumpy Space Princess Family Photo"
"Well that was convenient"
"Fruit Ninja Level: Cat"
"Paw of Doom"
"Let there be noms."
"Never forget."
"S.W.A.G."
"Loverboy 2013"
"oh!!!... you want to internet?... let me give you hand."
"If you're looking for weird hand pictures  good luck finding something weirder than this."
"Apparently weird hands are the new thing on Reddit."
"Macrodactyly hand."
"yoiu thohnk ypour hamdsz are meissed upp?? chec k fthfis oyt!"
"Submitted this 13 days ago. Trendsetter!"
"I see all your hands and raise you this gem"
"Macrodactyly of the hand"
"In the spirit of Halloween  here's one of my favorite gifs"
"NOOOOOO"
"Just a little closer.."
"My mom asked me for a &quot;formal picture&quot; of my one month old baby  I sent her this one"
"And another!"
"This fish got crabs."
"My friend caught a fish that had swallowed a crayfish."
"What a great Science Project"
"Semen Demon"
"Its my 1st Reddit birthday  and here is the picture that makes me laugh everytime I see it"
"I know its old but i cant stop laughing"
"Missed my cake day by one day. This is how I feel seeing other redditors having a lot more karma than me."
"White People"
"Oh  white people..."
"white girl ain't even wasted... god this is awkward i had to take a shot"
"EVERY.TIME. Someone forces me to dance at a wedding."
"Found Some Behind The Scenes Shots from Famous Movies"
"Racist?"
"Ultimate Herpic soccer face off..."
"For some reason I don't remember this from my youth..."
"Just a baby chinchilla being fed."
"Doesn't even have a name..."
"Can't beat a big free one!"
"&lt;insert penis joke&gt; - Australian Newspaper"
"Finally  i'm home!"
"Mont Saint Michel during a Lunar Eclipse."
"That Dark Souls wall finally came down."
"The Ultimate utensil."
"First thing that came to mind."
"And then I was like"
"Oh  nothing much.....just a freaking grizzly Bear with a mustache  top hat  monocle  holding a flag  riding an eye-laser-shooting Abraham Lincoln into battle."
"This is how our country was formed."
"What the fuck"
"honestly  she should have known better."
"Challenge accepted."
"Hollywood [FIXED]"
"How I see the entertainment industry..."
"Dem toes.."
"I don't always care about my eyebrows. But when I do..."
"I came here too fuck bitches."
"I do believe it's Friday."
"How YOU doin'?"
"Dogs with eyebrows"
"I am Legend..."
"I am Legend..."
"you like otters  eh?"
"They hold hands to keep from floating apart while sleeping"
"When I'm bored  I come up with Hallmark Cards."
"Still my all-time favorite pic."
"My typical morning.."
"This is probably a re-post  but i still can't stop laughing every time I see this."
"When you've gamed so much  you're actually thinking of doing something productive for a change."
"how I feel making overtime this week"
"How I feel today when my financial aid was disbursed."
"Sponge Bob has really let himself go..."
"Is this real???"
"Hedgehog problems"
"Just some light heart reading"
"Welcome to Reddit"
"What happens when you try to use iOS Maps..."
"ERRR MOAHHRRR MUNCHIESS"
"I'm not quite sure what to say here...."
"Whaaaa?..."
"first time daddy sees his 3 week old"
"My sex life in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"If your dog does a poo  please put it in the litter bin."
"Battlefield 3 Logic"
"Those Navy Seal dogs have nothing on this guy ..."
"Some days I feel just like Batman"
"Heroic Exit"
"BATMAN VS. SUPERMAN."
"BATMAN! NANANANANAN"
"Batman Vs Superman"
"I love you Batman"
"how my mom changes her opinions"
"TA-DA!"
"As a European  waiting for the &quot;Dark Knight Rises&quot; to premier next Wednesday  and seeing that a thread is even slightly Batman-related"
"I guess he wants his statuses to smell nice."
"North Korea VS South Korea"
"Looks fairly comfortable"
"Darwinistic pacifistic graffiti"
"D.A.E. remember this TV show?"
"The Difference"
"How I feel knowing that it's Friday"
"Catch the sun...Right..."
"Directed by Michael Bay"
"The next summer blockbuster"
"No one is safe."
"Back in the day it's like  cats  cats  cats"
"Cats like it raw"
"Scatman fixed"
"Get down with the catness"
"reddit's hip hop"
"My initial reaction to the cucumber story"
"25 Years of Zelda repos"
"Finally"
"I Googled Black scientist..."
"I Googled Black scientist..."
"Ladies having a drink"
"NEDDDDD?!?"
"When Vegeta listens to Bieber"
"Clever Gir...Hey wait a minute..."
"A bee's last sting."
"Incredible bee sting photo by photographer Kathy Keatly Garvey. x-post from r/pics."
"If you ever wondered what happens to a bee after it stung someone."
"When the bee stings"
"Incredible bee sting photo by photographer Kathy Keatly Garvey."
"A honey bee seconds before it stings"
"The Honey Bee's final sting. The bee is stuck by the stinger"
"My goatee isnt stupid"
"i just got into town."
"To the people who complain about legos getting stuck  have you ever used one of these bad boys?"
"Sleep at class  no problem"
"How I felt when I met my girlfriend's parents..."
"How I felt meeting girlfriends parents for the first time."
"MFW someone grabbed my crotch yesterday."
"This is like the time I went to prison except I got brutally gang-raped after they sniffed me. [Repost]"
"How my first Threesome looked"
"EVERY FREAKING TIME"
"Somebody really wants you to look at his dog"
"They Know There Target Audience"
"om nom nom"
"When your boss gives you one last task just as your leaving work"
"Popped up in my newsfeed"
"Batman's prank call backfires (x-post from r/pics)"
"Apply cool water to the burn"
"I Feel Bad for Laughing as Hard as I Did"
"After 15 years  I still can't catch the Brickster..."
"When I'm running late for work and can't find my keys"
"Whenever I walk through a spider web"
"Om nom nom"
"I know it's no cat but I don't think i've ever awwed quite so much in my entire life."
"Like nutella much?"
"Is there any other way to eat Nutella?"
"Just what the hell am I looking at here?"
"You Bitch!"
"When I think I did better on a test than I actually did."
"Bitch!"
"How I fell posting pictures of birds to /r/aww"
"Anytime I try and submit a link  this is how I feel."
"How I feel when we're doing baron and enemy jungler steals it"
"How I feel when my Christian friends love Mythbusters  a show run by two atheists."
"Wife says no more guns until I get a bigger safe. My reaction..."
"90's cartoon goodness"
"A baby chameleon"
"Karma karma karma karma baby chameleon"
"2 month old chameleon"
"Lean on me."
"Hug"
"Where black people go to get semi-decent donuts."
"When someone tries to argue with me on reddit"
"Winning an internet argument"
"bop"
"This is what I feel like saying about Christmas working in retail"
"Girls Gone Wild has gotten way too competitive"
"Disney princesses modern day lifestyle."
"Starting off my day on a positive note"
"Kill Bieber  for science!"
"Felix Baumgartner on Bieber."
"This is what happens when you order too much Volcano Sauce."
"The only acceptable duckface  IMO"
"take that!!!"
"The Treadwall."
"The Treadwall"
"I think this belongs here"
"Harry Balboa is not impressed"
"Do i always look that angry?"
"Jaden Smith looking concerned about something in the distance (via pleated-jeans. com)"
"Oh Lawdy."
"YUM"
"I see your swag  and raise you memes"
"Disturbing reports of fapping.."
"She gets around."
"Oppa gangnam sty..."
"Oh  man this is creepy."
"Oh Buzz..."
"Searched up &quot;I love Reddit.&quot; Was suprised"
"this photo gave me nightmares  I swear to god"
"This never fails to make me nauseous."
"Lucius Fox  you asshole!"
"Font matters"
"Bad choice of font"
"Thai sculptor transforms scrap parts into Autobots"
"Fishing with Moses sucks..."
"Moses is a cunt"
"What the fuck Moses?"
"Thought this might get a good laugh."
"Dammit Moses"
"A Ron Swanson breakfast"
"The Most Important Meal of the Day."
"The earth's entire geological history compressed onto a 6 000 year Young Earth Creationist's timescale (dinosaurs extinct in March 1927  humans arrive in November 2008)"
"What is love?"
"What I imagine love to be like on the country side."
"What is love?"
"Oh my... what an unfortunate web address"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Wait A Second!"
"Fat hispanic child eating watermelon expressively."
"NOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
"Your argument is permanently invalid."
"A Barbary macaque munches on a crisp from a tube of Pringles it stole from a tourist in Gibraltar. - Telegraph UK"
"Curiosity rover sends back a self-portrait"
"NASA's Mars rover took a selfy."
"Protests and riots on Canadian streets"
"My thoughts on police brutality"
"DISRESPECT YOUR SURROUNDINGS"
"Always makes my day a little better."
"The problem with time travel..."
"Something I never noticed about time travel"
"Midget Ninja"
"He got the skills."
"well  a flying disco midget kicking some asses. [GIF]"
"well  a flying disco midget kicking some asses. [x-post from r/WTF]"
"View from my car window in morning"
"Like clockwork"
"She's kind of rude"
"My new favorite GIF"
"Bringing slavery back one zombie at a time"
"If Michonne had her own show. (x-post from /r/thewalkingdead)"
"We've all done this before  right? [NSFW]"
"To soon?"
"Baby want candy?"
"Me trying to get upvotes on my Cakeday"
"Taken from /r/ImGoingToHellForThis"
"Wellington Airport getting into the Hobbit spirit [x-post from New Zealand]"
"&quot;I'll just check Reddit for a quick sec.&quot;"
"How i feel posting OC on reddit"
"Just Keep Moving  Heard It Helps..."
"How I feel when replying &quot;not really&quot; when my GF asks &quot;does my ass look big in these pants?&quot;"
"How joining reddit feels like."
"My grandpa has been very ill the past year. Showing him this picture made him laugh harder than I've ever seen. Thank you!"
"Wisdom of the ages."
"HEADSHOT"
"How it feels getting rejected."
"After getting turned down by a girl I have liked for a long time"
"Whenever I sit and wonder if every decision I've ever made has been the wrong one"
"Wish I had this..."
"Official Reddit Keyboard"
"Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"A water droplet in front of a map"
"Water droplet in front of a map"
"Drop of water in front of a map."
"Water can be truly marvelous!"
"A map reflected in a single drop of water"
"Just started photography - not bad for my first day  what do you think?"
"Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Vampires"
"Richard Pryor on Christianity"
"Vampires have allergies too."
"Your superhero name is going to suck..."
"Your super hero name is: (no cheating)"
"So  what's yours?"
"Good on them for going through with it"
"Hey this cd looks....whoa....wtf?!"
"Another well informed American"
"After a few downvoted posts i feel bad"
"&quot;Oh  god!&quot;"
"When it comes to creative album titles no one does it quite like this guy"
"Deadmau5's new album cover..... Pretty much him trying to tell the world he is an official Redditor."
"I don't always get spam in my mailbox  but when I do  it contains freaky ass images. This was in a viagra spam letter."
"Right in the Care Bears childhood..."
"'Murica!"
"F*CK THE BUS!"
"I'm Jesusing..."
"Fuck the bus"
"How I feel after submitting what I thought was karma gold."
"For Jesus  Walking on Water Has its Cons Too..."
"So  I just saw the new &quot;Twilight&quot; movie..."
"My reaction when I found out people bleach their assholes."
"So I'm home alone this weekend..."
"First time a girl tried to play with my ass during sexy time (SFW)"
"The picture my dad sends me on a friday night"
"Plese dounvte"
"Its harder than it looks!"
"Working on Friday"
"It's the weekend  so..."
"Hulk Smash! [Fixed]"
"Zipping up your pants after using the urinal."
"When I get done arguing with my girlfriend"
"When I Think There is One More Step"
"How my butt feels after eating Taco Bell"
"Everytime i try to do parkour."
"A sad day to remember"
"Fennec Fox Smile"
"SUPER DOG!"
"Sharpie + Baby."
"Not sure he really wants to be there"
"My kind of Party"
"Fuck urbanization."
"A bunch of Windows XP themed backgrounds (taking requests!)"
"Whenever my mom looks at my computer screen to see what I'm looking at. [FIXED]"
"I've cleaned my computer  but it's still slow!"
"The truth behind peanut butter"
"The making of PB"
"TGIF!"
"TGIF! (X-Post from /r/funny)"
"When I forget to bring a book into the bathroom and decide to read shampoo bottles"
"The people of Mexico were lined up along the streets to see the Pope. This little guy thought otherwise."
"I'm the REAL pope bro."
"Embroidery."
"Woaaaah"
"Vincent van Whoa"
"Oh Garrus"
"How I feel reading Facebook post while at work"
"How I imagine Redditors spend their free time (FIXED)!"
"Thanks to pornhub"
"If only there was some easier way.."
"decided to edit this classic"
"The greatest troll ever!"
"How a redditor reacts when they see a pun thread"
"Lonely iceberg washes ashore."
"Beached Iceberg"
"Go home iceberg  your drunk."
"I now understand architects."
"Poor Metapod"
"Still gets me every time"
"This guy gets it."
"Bathroom Secrets..."
"An egg inside of an egg. This is...the Eggception."
"Eggception"
"Yo Dawg [GIF]"
"Yo Dawg"
"How you see Halloween candy after a couple of days of eating the leftovers"
"First thing I thought of when I heard Hostess was bankrupt."
"What are we doing tonight Tard?"
"Pokey &amp; Tard"
"Pokey and the Tard"
"Ex Storm Troopers"
"but lieutenant Dan you aint got no legs"
"gets me everytime"
"4chans take on the bible"
"Oh Japan.."
"lol"
"Go home rainbow  you're drunk."
"When you see it...Awesome!!"
"Take a close look  I see what you did there."
"Some men just want to watch the world learn ..."
"I feel these men played such a great role in so many people's lives"
"Some truly altruistic gentlemen"
"&quot;I said no more photos!&quot;"
"I LOVE DIDNEY WORL"
"Ladies  please."
"ladies  please."
"Ladies  please..."
"Just a burger please."
"Never let the man get you down"
"East Side Story"
"How I'm going to walk when I am receiving my diploma."
"You Came to the Wrong Neighborhood"
"Durp"
"The Lohan Progression(xpost r/gifs)"
"Meth- Not even once"
"Lohan Ch-ch-changes!"
"The phases of Lindsey Lohan"
"I quit my job today."
"storm sp.....irr eyes?"
"Trash taking out the trash"
"Nicki Minaj in a few years"
"There are no words."
"I don't remember THIS episode of Seinfeld..."
"What seems to be the problem officer?"
"Ass Expander"
"Reflection"
"Finding some joy amongst the devastation"
"Finding some joy amongst the devastation"
"I've waited a few months to post this."
"I would like to step on your balls."
"Plants vs. Zombies"
"The constellation of Orion. You can see the Flame Nebula  Horsehead Nebula and M42 as well! [1230x600] [OS]"
"It was a magical  life defining moment."
"Unhand me!"
"Penisman. Valiant protector of vaginas worldwide."
"A hug from him would count as rape."
"You want a more awesome Halloween costume? Here you go then. [NSFW]"
"My first visit on r/spacedicks."
"Reading the comments in any gonewild post"
"My reaction  first time on r/spacedicks"
"My reaction to the Olympic games celebration"
"Poetic bear is poetic."
"Pac Man Twilight Zone"
"the best part about web programming"
"Yes  the points are like facts on fox news..."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"I googled &quot;Asian Cats&quot;  I guess that's exactly what I got..."
"Every time I reinstall windows."
"how i feel using my parents' shower while they're out:"
"I just hooked up my brand new computer to my 46 inch TV."
"How I feel when Reddit downvotes my posts [NSFW-ish]"
"The feeling of being downvoted [xpost from r/pics]"
"What new redditors should expect"
"Ill just leave this here"
"whenever someone asks me if I hate cats."
"When I browse my friend's listening history on Spotify"
"Friends and I Halloween night high as a kite"
"Cat Hair Spread O Tron"
"Be forewarned..."
"I just did a google image search for 'Where the Fuck is Wallace&quot;. This was on page 2  a few images after a blonde girl wearing nothing more than Christmas decorations."
"Onions."
"What the First Porn Drawer must have felt like. (SFW)"
"What is this  I don't even"
"Alright  which one of you did this? (NSFW  x-post r/WTF)"
"Zero fucks given"
"Not a single f*ck was given that day"
"Nope. Don't care."
"Zero fucks were given (x-post/funny)"
"zero fucks were given"
"How I feel uploading to Reddit!"
"The human &quot;grumpy cat&quot;"
"Reality Versus A Mother's Perception"
"Over the balcony"
"O_O"
"Dafuq?"
"Dafuq?"
"For my first cakeday  here is a collection of funny pictures/gifs!"
"Babe Ruth &amp; George H.W. Bush"
"Parents are worried about everything. So I sent them this."
"What I looked like when my brother was showing off his new Macbook to me."
"4 years on reddit only 200 and some link karma. Fishing for it on my cake day."
"What it feels like to have karma."
"God damnit it's true..."
"How the dinosaurs reacted when they saw the meteor coming..."
"Thank you Facebook."
"How I feel as a 24 year old finding out that every girl I've ever dated has kids now"
"FUCK CANCER"
"Yeah  fuck cancer!"
"Imagine"
"...Spongebob?!"
"204 countries in the Olympic opening ceremony?"
"Trying to read Twitter when you follow more than a few people."
"How I feel seeing 60 minute videos on pornhub"
"Bring back an old meme?"
"How I feel when a post is a long Facebook message"
"Every time I pause to look at the beauty of Dark Souls..."
"Every time I see a long 4chan post..."
"My reaction when I heard that Hostess was going out of business."
"Hostess is closing? No more Twinkies?"
"Wait... no more twinkies?"
"In response to Hostess"
"First time with the logo  how did I do?"
"So...Zombieland was wrong."
"Edinburgh Castle"
"Edinburgh Castle  Edinburgh  Scotland"
"Dusk  Edinburgh  Scotland"
"I Don't Even…"
"WTFs daytime job: Maury topic ideas. (xpost r/atheism)"
"they can't possibly be serious"
"My friends Staff packing two puppies"
"How I feel when the Random button takes me to r/Spacedicks"
"Curiosity Drowned the Cat (2 gifs)"
"My experience with r/wtf"
"Trying Act 3 of Inferno for the first time"
"My brothers reaction to r/spacedicks..."
"Double Ow."
"Double combo!"
"Eyes on the game boys"
"duke vs magneto"
"Settin' the mood"
"The horses are not amused"
"Oppa Gangam Style"
"Iz got me some umbrella!"
"i haz ear-blanket"
"Snugglers Nook"
"I'll just sit right ear..."
"Privacy Please!"
"well cats do like the dark....."
"When I glanced over one of my finals study guide"
"My reaction when Reddit went down the other day"
"when i cut into an onion"
"How I feel as an indifferent atheist when I see posts about religion on the front page"
"Tanker Implosion !"
"Tank Decompression"
"Pimps have it hard."
"pimpin alive."
"dat..."
"Can you show me how to get...how to get to Gotham City?"
"He's a silent guardian. A watchful protector. A dark knight"
"Sesame Street is in Gotham city?"
"It's a bird it's a plane  ouch."
"TIL Hawkings has felt zero gravity  which made me really happy."
"Easily the happiest man in the room."
"Stephen Hawking in the Zero Grav"
"It took me a while to figure out what was wrong here"
"Bad night at work (Also first reddit post. Hi reddit )"
"[10] (x-post from funny)"
"The Winged Laser Grizzlies will never stop. (Animated)"
"Jellystone park took a strange turn."
"wut"
"You're doing it wrong"
"I... Wha.... I have no words for this..."
"Mike Tyson's soft side"
"When I try setting up two of my friends (fixed)"
"Fuck this area in particular [FIXED]"
"For god's sake he using a mug!"
"How I feel trying to utilize my reddit birthday for cheap karma"
"Me watching baseball"
"When my Girlfriend asks for a back massage."
"So I went shopping for clothes without my girlfriend.."
"How I feel at 22 trying to buy my first car"
"Fingering a girl for the first time...."
"So I'm home alone this week and this is me trying to cook something for lunch"
"Trying to keep up with the discussions on r/DepthHub"
"So I just bought Football Manager 2012 from Steam with no knowledge about soccer."
"How I fly jets in Battlefield 3 [Fixed]"
"So college move-in was today and all I could think about was..."
"How I feel giving interviews only 2 weeks after being promoted to middle management:"
"A female friend of mine recently went through a breakup and I've been trying to help her deal with it but..."
"I don't remember what this link is about..."
"Dis shit don't stop"
"Oh  it's good friday"
"I sure hope the guy behind me this morning is a Redditor..."
"r/Atheism needs to hear this from an atheist who wants nothing to do with them..."
"Always have  always will."
"Team Romney  Blasts off at the speed of light"
"Oh God  Why"
"TEAM CONSERVATIVE BLAST OFF!!!"
"Kim Jong Il's dark legacy"
"It even says so in the Bible."
"Break dancing Jesus"
"trying to understand quantum entanglement"
"I'll take this llama."
"How I feel when I accidently llama the flag and the enemy doesn't chase me."
"What a nice couple."
"I would like a llama"
"Flawless Logic. Checkmate Atheists."
"Egg-cuber: neato"
"Every kitchen will have one of these in 50years. It's so modern."
"Yo  shit's on fire"
"Meanwhile  in Australia... [FIXED]"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"Deal with it. Rawr."
"We headed out or what?"
"This will not end well."
"Another perfectly timed picture"
"Brilliant(er)"
"In Charleston SC  these guys were kayaking down the market because of the intense flooding! Pretty neat  extra moist."
"I’m just glad they let him keep his beanie on."
"As if we didn't know how to tailgate already...yes  that's a keg!"
"Sleepy"
"How i feel whenever i accidently open internet explorer"
"Confusion"
"My friend's dog is so cute &lt;3"
"My friend's dog is so cute..."
"I love my little derp"
"Everyday I'm Dumblin'"
"Spongebob's a bit depressed."
"Nice Save!!...Ooopss!!"
"goalkeeper"
"your grandpa has to do what?"
"No explanation. None."
"First thing that came to mind when I saw this image."
"I Love You"
"My sex life in a nutshell [fixed]"
"Sexy cat is grumpy"
"Nothing to do here"
"That's a good question Neil."
"Happens at any ski resort."
"Go on... I'm all ears."
"the ears"
"All the single Nigels  all the single Nigels..."
"I thought this was adorable."
"Just a cat mop"
"Vacuum Cat"
"check out my new mop"
"cat mop?"
"Kitty Mop!"
"kitty swiffer"
"My reaction to every email I get from my college"
"I've used this on people's Facebook statuses so many times."
"This might just be my favorite .gif of all time"
"Pretty much any reading assignment in high school."
"The Kiss of Death Statue at the Old Graveyard of Poblenou in Barcelona"
"America...."
"Science &gt; Prayer"
"'Nuff said."
"Because you can't pray this shit into space"
"Only Science..."
"Rollersuit"
"Transform!"
"Do you think he is flirting  or making fun of me?"
"Hide and Sick"
"Wheres Wall-e?"
"Awesome Birthday Card"
"My friend's birthday was last week and this is what her brother gave her..."
"The reason behind Blue Balls."
"You are it! Meele hit an enemy to tag them!"
"How I react whenever anyone links to /r/spacedicks"
"When my girlfriend tries to talk to me during a cutscene"
"When youtube asked me if I wanted to display my full name next to my comments. [x-post from r/reactiongifs]"
"when friend brings up ex girlfriends in front of new girlfriend"
"When a friend said something about me  my mom didn't know."
"Put $10 into a slot machine today  turned it into $162 this is how I feel right now."
"It turns out the computer is a homo's devil machine afterall (PIC)"
"Ride em in."
"I know I really shouldn't but..."
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"now your a.... oh well you already know"
"I wanna..."
"…the highest of fives!"
"Every. Single. Night."
"How I feel about reddit"
"Just another Japanese game show"
"I had fun once  it was awful."
"Okay. If you're reading this..."
"... your date hasn't arrived ..."
"... your date hasn't arrived ..."
"Today my username is on the left  reddit is on the right  and the tray represents comments."
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Go on  touch my tray..."
"I don't care how many times i've seen it  this is the funniest .gif on the internet."
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"Lunch Tray Ninja"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"SKILL."
"Soon..."
"I have the weirdest feeling someone is staring into my soul"
"When someone says a joke about me"
"When you get an upvote to start a post and then get drowned in downvotes"
"And now for the talent portion..."
"Rediscovered this on my computer  I cracked up"
"So Fresh So Clean"
"How not to use a falcon to pickup women"
"Amazing animated 3d-gif of IC1396 by J-P Metsävainio"
"Amazing animated 3d-gif of IC1396 by J-P Metsävainio (x-post from /r/space)"
"In my country.."
"'Merica"
"Welcome to America"
"the new duckling fish feeder is doing well"
"How I feel giving upvotes when people comment on what I submit"
"Mmmmm... Tasty!"
"As it gets warmer  popsicles"
"Eye don't know what to say"
"After a long day of work..."
"This is how I fall asleep on Reddit."
"How I feel during cake day when my cat doesn't get any upvotes"
"How I feel after browsing Reddit all day."
"this is how i feel at work"
"Me after seeing the same .gif on my front page 3 days in a row"
"Me after finishing my homework late at night."
"Cat started hacking this morning. I picked her up to move her to a &quot;safer&quot; place for her to hurl  and ended up like this."
"Easily the most heartwrenching moment in the Dark Knight Rises"
"***Spoilers*** I loved The Dark Knight Rises  but did the final action scene remind anyone else of this?"
"Highlight of the Saturday morning search  here's a shaved alpaca"
"Soon"
"so my boyfriend just sent me this"
"Kiss Me"
"Kiss Me (X-Post from /pics)"
"Cut the crap and kiss me!"
"Baby Giraffe Kiss"
"When a &quot;new&quot; post I downvoted hits the front page"
"When I saw the girl in my Calc class with her thong peeking out..."
"How I feel when I realize that I've slept an hour through my alarm."
"When reddit found out about this place."
"Heeeeere  boy."
"I laughed way to hard at this."
"70 percent of my time on Facebook"
"I don't do drugs…"
"Wtf is this Facebook"
"I've seen a lot of this kinda stuff but I really can't stand this one"
"So this popped up on my news feed. and there I was thinking I had Intelligent Fb Friends..."
"Shit like this is not okay."
"That sad moment when you see teenagers on Facebook taking this seriously..."
"Just saw this on my FB feed. Are they even trying anymore?"
"This is making me &quot;Jackie Chan face&quot; so hard right now. Saw this &quot;meme&quot; on FB"
"Saw this on Facebook. I don't think they're doing it right."
"When I notice the computer is free..."
"rebbit"
"Cupcakes"
"Surprise protein in my salad pack"
"Woman on Facebook found a free gift inside her packed salad."
"So my friend found this in his salad at Morrisons...."
"Bought in supermarket 'Morrisons'... Well at least it's organic"
"Always use protection..."
"Damn tigers.."
"choo choo motherfuckers"
"Train Simulator 2013 out. It's time."
"Here are just a few of the things that made me laugh during my first year on Reddit."
"underwater sculpture park"
"Underwater Sculptures in Cancun  Mexico."
"&quot;Did I do something wrong?&quot;"
"&quot;Did I do something wrong?&quot; [FIXED]"
"Koala Love &lt;3"
"I took this photo  then decided I could put away my camera. There was no way I could take a better photo than this  EVER. - Imgur"
"I took this photo  then decided I could put away my camera. [FTFY]"
"Hot Red Head Loves It!"
"More celebrities  I guess. Emma Stone! Now in .gif form."
"Friend left his iPhone unattended..."
"I didn't know how to react upon seeing this in my bathroom..."
"Protective Father? - Imgur"
"Beautiful shot"
"You can microwave them really hot and kill off any bacteria and germs!"
"That's enough internet for today  thanks."
"Way to go  Alabama"
"Ms. Marvel Cosplay"
"Ms. Marvel Cosplay"
"Hyde's philosophy."
"The wheels on the bus go round and round..."
"Why don't school buses have seat belts again?"
"Love Train"
"Go on the school bus they said... It'll be fun they said..."
"We have enough air for hours  seems legit."
"Fucking potato chip bags.."
"are you sure about this?"
"YOU SAW NOTHING."
"Sweet dreams little kitty"
"Just a Yawning Kitten"
"When I see something great to post and it's already on the front page"
"How I feel as a waitress on Friday reading everyone's &quot;TGIF&quot; posts"
"Dark Souls."
"School of the future as portrayed in the past."
"But  I am so lone..."
"Alcohol is a solution"
"Ah  the good ol' days."
"I miss the times when internet was much more simple. Anyone else start right here?"
"The first time I walked into a Vegas strip club."
"what I know I look like when i try dancing on the weekends."
"None of you fags will every get to fuck ME"
"I want this done to my car"
"Seems legit."
"Seems legit"
"Seems Legit"
"Don't mess with this guy"
"Shutdown in 3...2...1"
"Nah bro  ain't even tired."
"How I imagine reaching a [10] would be"
"How I felt halfway through the Olympic Parade of Nations"
"My day on reddit"
"Awesome handicap accessible stairs."
"I love the design of these stairs and how they incorporate a wheelchair access ramp."
"Kitty Cat Laundry"
"I am unwilling to wash clothes..."
"Like redditors fighting for the front page."
"OP gets a time-out"
"Why I break during corners [FIXED]"
"How to Kill a Walrus"
"How to kill a walrus"
"There's only one way to prove your love"
"HAPPY Birthday"
"When the wife says were having sex tonight SFW"
"Creepy Birthday"
"Happy Birthday"
"Invasion of the Birthday Snatchers"
"When my roommate says &quot;We're going to Chik-Fil-A&quot;"
"How I view Ohio as a Columbusite"
"1/2 cup of aww."
"1/2 cup of aww!"
"1/2 a Cup of Aww in the Morning!"
"Best baseball juke of all time!"
"Long Live The King"
"Let go!"
"Scar?"
"I must try this."
"Escalating"
"woolworths' facebook"
"Good Old Woolworths"
"Thank you  to whomever made this brilliant gem!"
"Growing up with an abusive &quot;father&quot;"
"Cheap way to put some subs in your car!!!"
"My friend told me he found a cheap way to put some 12's in my car...he then sent this pic"
"Raptor Jesus went extinct for your sins"
"Raptor Worship"
"GIF Sound is under rated. I present to you  the Jesus Camp Dinosaur Rave. Enjoy [8]"
"WTF"
"How I felt Reaching 500 Link Karma"
"Watch this gif while listening to dubstep.It becomes GOLDEN!!!"
"How it feels to be a Redditor for a year"
"I think these guys are given a bad name. Just look at those innocent  adorable eyes! Isn't he cute?"
"Vader on Pink Floyd"
"Hate all you want  you know you'll buy some"
"What in God's name...."
"Candy Corn flavored Oreos"
"The Fairly OddParents: 10 years later"
"If Fairly Odd Parents was on MTV."
"Timmy Turner all grown up."
"Let's just agree on this and stop posting about creationists being stupid."
"Today a giraffe escaped from a circus in Imola (Italy). A pic worth many internets."
"Rise of the Planet of the Mooses!"
"Hunting"
"Hunting Season has begun..."
"As a lifelong Colt fan seeing Peyton playing for Denver last night..."
"When I noticed that my first comment was downvoted."
"Studies show that 83% of kids enjoy sack races."
"Not sure if this kid's doin' it right."
"5 out of 6 kids enjoy sac races"
"The Best Skyfall Poster Positioning?"
"Lincoln can't catch a break..."
"Lincoln just can't catch a break"
"Too soon  Bond."
"Found out John Wilkes Booth didn't kill Lincoln. It was ........."
"Poor Abe can't catch a break..."
"John Wilkes Booth was just a cover story"
"Too soon? (Bond vs Lincoln)"
"Poorly placed movie posters"
"I know who shot Lincoln..."
"Came across this on IWIDK. Somebody didn't think this through."
"The Brits  always interfering in American politics"
"So  this happened"
"Interesting Ad placements"
"Just a little help for Mists of Pandaria..."
"I've had it with these motherfucking pandas on this motherfucking plane!"
"This had my crying at an [8]"
"The force is strong with these two"
"The pug's face just fits so well"
"seems legit"
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth"
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth."
"We all used to look like this."
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth."
"My feelings every time I see a re-post."
"Most awesome god ever created!"
"Im just a cunt"
"Manix lubricant [595x780] © advertising agency: BDDP ET FILS  France  2001"
"Just another reason 4chan is full of dicks"
"oops"
"Surprise Muthafucka"
"I Like To Imagine This Is How Every Day Filming Community Ends [NSFW]"
"Best use for pizza I've seen."
"A Redditor's worst realization during the work day [Fixed]"
"Oh Deadpool"
"Spin!"
"Spin! - [2:12] [x-post from gifsound]"
"Do the windmill!"
"Midget Kung-fu"
"Coming Soon"
"We got no food. We got no jobs. Our goalkeepers heads are falling off!"
"New Zealand goal keeper taking Alex Morgan's knee to the face."
"Finish Her! FATALITY!"
"Wow  and she stayed in the game?!"
"I keep making sound effects every time I watch this"
"Tiger Knee!"
"a soccer injury that wasn't faked."
"I like to move it move it!"
"No. Way."
"This just blew my mind"
"Relighting candle from a distance"
"Candles can be lit by their vapor trail"
"Smile Pup knows it's Friday."
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"Waking my wife up in the morning with hopes of a BJ before work (SFW)"
"Everytime I post something"
"downvoting on r/new"
"A Twinkie or a Menu in your thumbnail? I ain't even opening it before I do this..."
"To anyone posting about the White House's response to the Death Star petition"
"Even With a 2 Day Deduction  Day 1 of Bronies vs Benders Seems to be Going Well"
"Fridays in Kazakhstan"
"My friends and me at a club."
"When my legs cramp in the morning."
"Wow that car is so shiny...oh wait  if you just touch there..."
"proof that aliens exist"
"Broke down crying from all the emotion in this picture"
"Kristen Stewart attempts a smile!!"
"My favorite &quot;Jesus is a Jerk&quot;"
"No you didn't Jesus."
"So This is How it Was Written..."
"I love these drawings. Thought I'd put this right here."
"My friends and I on payday"
"Obama 2012"
"My reaction when the paddle broke during a spanking when I was younger."
"Liam Neeson VS Chuck Norris"
"Liam Neeson vs. Chuck Norris"
"Mrs. Butthead"
"He was so young."
"Hahahah......."
"How I feel reading about someone paying off their student loans while I'm still paying mine."
"Whenever a website tells me that the apostrophe in my last name is an &quot;invalid character&quot;"
"How I feel when someone agrees with my comment but then their post gets more upvotes"
"Hearing that a famous person is visiting my home town."
"My girlfriend every time we start watching a movie."
"8:15am class"
"When I can't keep my eyes open in class"
"Must...stay...awake."
"Barber Shop"
"Back to the 40's."
"Link being Link"
"Yes you do"
"ROBOT ROBOT ROBOT"
"Wizards did it"
"Atheists think  and Christians know..."
"Puppy tastes lime  goes full retard [gif]"
"Oh this looks tasty..."
"NO NO NO NO NO"
"When I use too much sriracha sauce..."
"This describes my first time drinking alcohol perfectly as a teenager"
"Just a puppy... and a lime"
"doggie dubstep"
"Tag team otter snorgle"
"Aaachoo!"
"Otter Snuggles"
"TeaBag'd - My friend sent me this."
"Fuck yo couch"
"Nom Noms"
"Greetings  newcomer."
"Pickle"
"Saw this while browsing randoms  it's a cave in Vietnam"
"Thanks...Now Every Time My Ear Itches..."
"The Charleston"
"Steve Buscemi was a Creepy Looking Kid"
"Not bad."
"I'll just leave this here"
"The way things generally escalate on the internet."
"it actually bothers me that it wasn't plugged in"
"Your Move."
"Dat Ass"
"A little black humor for Reddit today"
"Killing N64 controllers and your hands..."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks (and players' palms) Since 1998"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks since 1998"
"How I feel on other people's cakeday after missing my own"
"Today is my actual 23'rd cake day  how I feel after 13 years and finally understanding the meaning of &quot;Nobody likes you when you're 23&quot;"
"I just want to see cake."
"Exactly how I feel about my cake day today"
"Scene of last twilight movie"
"Test post"
"Good Dog"
"Helpful Dog"
"The difference between All-Wheel Drive and Rear-Wheel Drive."
"SlenderDick"
"I believe this belongs here."
"Spongebob."
"Guys... guys listen."
"I have the beast ide- you guys  i have the best idea ever"
"I see your Walken in the stars and I raise you this..."
"College Bingo!"
"I demand an apology right meow!"
"this is the last time i ever see my son"
"Being a single mom is hard"
"Shit like this really makes me rage."
"Is she for real?"
"A friend of mine is building a bridge in Norway.. Winter has arrived"
"Childhood lies."
"Childhood Lies"
"Best. Face. Ever."
"Sorry - I couldn't keep it in any longer..."
"For my cake day  I give you a dog fighting a leaf blower"
"funny iphone auto correct"
"Don't know why I found this so funny."
"Fuck Cops"
"I like this version better."
"what i think of whenever someone labels a post &quot;OC&quot;"
"I watched Case 39 the other day. It was the first Renee Zellweger movie I ever watched. This image suddenly made a lot more sense."
"Renee Zellweger"
"ugh  ipad!"
"Apple iSmack"
"Car Problems"
"Oh  there's the camera [xpost from /r/hockey]"
"Wait for it..."
"oh god how did I get here I'm not good at hockey"
"That one day when everyone forgot how to play hockey."
"Suddenly...ouch."
"How many are you cooking for?"
"Malachite doesn't have anything on Bismuth"
"Fuck Facebook"
"I Don't Always Feel I am on top of the Geen Pool ..."
"&quot;Please enter your date of birth&quot;"
"How I feel whenever I visit r/aww... or the internet in general"
"A redditors weaponry."
"Adam West as Reddit"
"I didn't want anything more than I wanted these when I was younger (More fun than a pillow fight)"
"can a pic wizard gif me some help? how am i screwing up image quality?"
"Construction workers give no fucks."
"Seeing as today is the anniversary of the moon landing  here is another of my constant desktops"
"I'd give it a 9.7"
"Stuck it!!"
"This is how i felt when i recently visited /r/spacedicks for the first time.."
"When I accidentally clicked on a gonewild link while browsing Reddit at school library"
"Self Water boarding"
"Nope."
"Thank God it's not God"
"How I feel whenever someone's at my door."
"Oh thank God  it's only an alligator."
"The Pet of Edward"
"This is gonna be fun on the bun"
"They see me rollin"
"Entry speed...incredible!"
"Fast and Furious"
"Fast and Furious: Polio Drift [fixed]"
"Speed Racer"
"Inertia Drift!"
"they hattin'"
"Use a banana!"
"Highway to The... I'm goin' t'Hell"
"Move Bitch!"
"Im on a highway to......forget it im going to hell"
"reddit.com in a nutshell"
"Recently was in the hospital and this was beside my bed..."
"Do we need more problems??"
"Nice shirt"
"Meanwhile  in Japan!"
"Washing machine"
"Why can't I eat all these noodles?"
"The moral of this story  expect the unexpected"
"you spin me right round baby"
"Jump!"
"Fucking Incredible!"
"Fucking incredible ! (x-post /r/woahdude)"
"Humans"
"Mesmerizing"
"Vanity"
"If I fits  I most certainly sits."
"I can see my neighbor having sex"
"Slenderwomen"
"Why Tigger? WHYYY?"
"Red. Mothertruckin. Panda."
"One of the items Police have been able to recover from the shooters apartment."
"Seems legit"
"Now I know why parents liked playing board games inside when it rained in the 1960's"
"Who's Line is is Anyway?"
"#swag"
"Whenever I see someone who has &quot;swag&quot;"
"Robert Downey Jnr. on Chinese Olympians."
"Happy Tanksgiven"
"Thanksgiven holiday."
"My friend Jorge took this picture yesterday."
"Smart man."
"Faceswap and a shirtswap"
"Sigmund Says..."
"To all the Redditors with annoying Fundie Facebook friends"
"How I See Usain Bolt [FIXED]"
"Sup bro?"
"theres a fine line between real life  and fantasy"
"Caught in a landslide no escape from reality."
"Please..."
"Hmm.. well then."
"Worth a good laugh"
"I googled &quot;The most American picture ever&quot;"
"I'd ride it"
"&quot;Put your hood on son&quot; &quot;okay&quot; &quot;NOT LIKE THAT&quot;"
"He's Really Angry Right Now (aka: My dog's testicles are caught in a mousetrap)"
"How to sit at a computer correctly"
"Fuck the police!"
"Ergonomics r/gaming style"
"How to sit at your computer"
"Just the eyes"
"Creepiest face swap I've ever made"
"Derp"
"Come on Hugh"
"Oh what a left hand!"
"Oh and a right uppercut! It's over!"
"Upper cut that hoe!"
"The rebirth of an old classic"
"falcon punch!!!!"
"This is what's wrong with academia."
"My professor kicked me out of my school's honors program over a technicality. Here's an email I sent to him a year later."
"A friend got kicked out of the honors program at my college. He sent this email to the professor a year later."
"A Redditor's friend got kicked out of the honors program at his college. He sent this email to the professor a year later."
"Could this possibly be real?!"
"Who are you cheering for now?!"
"A college football game has never mattered as much as it does now"
"Roll Tide"
"Taylor Swift?! Well  This guy sure has a lot to gain if the Alabama vs. LSU game goes his way..."
"Taylor's gonna show her Tay tay"
"THUNDERPAW! (x-post from wallpapers)"
"Just the Cutest Little Bastard"
"OK then  I'll just wait here."
"Omnomnomnom banana cat"
"OM NOM NOM."
"When I saw RayWilliamJohnson's youtube was back"
"My reaction when someone tells me to take a look at their computer because it's slow"
"Slowest moving deer in the world"
"I am more than certain that this belongs here."
"The inimitable Sir David Attenborough"
"David Attenborough..."
"David Attenborough's Response To Viewers Wanting Him To Acknowledge &quot;Evidence Of The Almighty&quot;"
"So your God created orchids and hummingbirds and butterflies and roses? That's cool."
"Wu-Tang clan aint nuthin to fuck with"
"Mars Rover snaps a stunning photo. [FIXED]"
"Limbo"
"I dont even know what to say to this."
"This is my first day as a civilian after 10 years in the military. My friend just posted this to my facebook wall."
"It's Friday  5:00 and this is how I feel right about now."
"Browsing /r/whatsthisbug"
"blush !"
"These aren't safe waters for you..."
"Mind = blown."
"The inventor deserves a Nobel Prize."
"I have seen incontrovertible proof and been touched by his Noodley Appendage from his Interstellar Teapot!"
"amazing wingtip vertices"
"Meanwhile in Turkey"
"I know that feel..."
"Angels are assholes"
"Stop hitting yourself"
"Not sure if I'm proud  or feeling awkward..."
"Florida's Finest Criminals"
"George is watching..."
"Abandoned Mill built in 1866  Sorrento  Italy"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"I see your deer hoodie  and raise you this"
"Red panda used headbutt... super effective."
"it's not very effective"
"This shit killed me the first time seeing it"
"This needs to be reposted..."
"Josh Slenderomney"
"Refreshing!"
"Smart car"
"That's a Smart way to travel"
"No  that's not a drawing"
"Just a peaceful kayak tour"
"why has this not been done yet?"
"Hardcore Cat"
"Jonothan. B . Goode"
"Cat jamming on guitar!"
"Johnny B. Goode"
"How I feel when trying to lure friends into joining Reddit"
"What I was promised when I joined reddit."
"Trying to convince my friends to get on reddit."
"lol"
"Hey Purty Lady  Got milk?"
"Got this email today. Definitely legit..."
"Seems legit..."
"Dude..."
"Every God damn time."
"Luke.. meet my new girlfriend."
"Hand Solo"
"Ownage..."
"As someone who enjoys football/soccer and american football  this is my message to both sides of the discussion"
"Surprisingly enough  this actually works fairly well."
"Zombie Pancake"
"When an attractive girl catches me looking at her in class..."
"When I come home drunk late enough to catch my parents waking up"
"How I flirt when I'm drunk."
"Googled &quot;doggy butterfly caterpillar cat&quot; and got this gem"
"When I found out you can lose Karma [Fixed]"
"Pelease do not touch the animals"
"Not yet at least"
"Not sure if guy is crying because of the cat's claws or because he's a real hardcore christian."
"...I never thought of that."
"Everytime i look at the clock at work..."
"I'm Getting Married Tomorrow Morning. This Is What I Thought When I Woke Up Today."
"First though I had waking up today."
"Imgur's top 11 images of 2011"
"Norway sunrise in a bubble"
"Sunrise in a bubble"
"Norwegian sunrise reflected in a bubble (x/post from r/perfecttiming)"
"Sunrise Reflected in a bubble"
"Altruism"
"Cancelled (r/skeptic x-post)"
"oh the irony!"
"Another Friday afternoon at work"
"Happens every time I sit through my afternoon theory class."
"Sleepy"
"Pythagoras Head"
"Halloween at Silent Hill High School"
"What I'm pretty sure my cat thinks he is"
"How I felt when my ex got a new boyfriend and finally stopped bugging me."
"This morning opening Reddit."
"Mean while in NZ"
"Can't be unseen"
"Now I've seen a lot of terrifying face swaps before  but this one..."
"Shadowland"
"hide yo pugs"
"HIDE YO KIDS HIDE YO WIFE"
"How i felt about the storm sandy -.-"
"Tank Man- a different angle (in the distance  on the left)"
"Houston  we have a problem"
"Imma boop your head!"
"Knock Knock-Motherfucker."
"'Merica"
"How I feel on my final day of work before moving to a better compensated and more prestigious position."
"How I feel when I'm dressed for an interview"
"There's no way like the American way"
"I dare you"
"My vote for best gif ever. [X-Post from /r/pics]"
"What I want to say to eight year olds begging for iPhones"
"He always scared me."
"Today was my real 19th cake day. This is how I pictured my parents at the end."
"Oh what a cheer! Willy Wonka is here!"
"After 3 years  what I realize you get on your cake day."
"When someone begs for upvotes since it's their cakeday."
"Still my favorite gif of all time"
"I didn't actually prepare anything for my cake day  so..."
"Sometimes you gotta chuck a drum"
"Arctic Fox"
"C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER"
"Scumbag Whale"
"Dolphins Crash in air"
"Not always graceful"
"My favorite animal gif! Feel free to post yours"
"FUCKAH YOU DOLPHIN!!"
"Downvote from the depths..."
"wombo combo!!"
"Dolphin Combo breaker"
"If you know what I mean."
"about all these Draw Something posts lately..."
"wanna make out?"
"Nice save bro"
"Wow that's gross"
"Trolling in Who Wants to be a Millionaire"
"Yea... the middle one isn't sure either"
"Family time with the new Weezy album"
"Dexter Cake!"
"size doesn't matter"
"What it's like submitting a serious post that ends up making it to the front page."
"The feeling of getting up-votes"
"Realizing it's Friday night not Thursday night"
"How i feel winning 5 dollars on a scratch-off"
"Found this when google-ing Atheist"
"so your house mate is an atheist: i had a good laugh at this one"
"Found an overly manly man in Parks and Recreation."
"You may know him as Overly Manly Man but I know him as Charles Mulligan"
"I found two manly men in Parks and Rec"
"Ron Swanson is the overly manly man"
"I must go  my people need me."
"My Ankles...."
"After an hour of toilet redditing."
"wait for it  wait for it  wait for it  wait for it  there you go!"
"Transformers kid"
"Baby Transformers"
"The fuck!"
"How I feel when I have a perfectly valid argument  with perfect points and I get down-voted"
"How I feel  being outside of the US  when I realise I missed another popular AMA."
"How I feel as an American visiting France trying to watch Hulu"
"MRW I miss my hour long terrace queue"
"So this is why grandma is always in such a good mood."
"Now I know why they called them passion fruit"
"I used to love this GIF and just recently rediscovered it."
"Christina AguilerAHHHHHHOMG"
"Even better in reverse"
"I see your favorite reversed gif and i raise you mine."
"This is why we can't have nice things"
"Excellent point"
"I imagine that would be the weirdest boner."
"Builders Bum"
"Problem Solved"
"Genius solution to an unpleasant problem?"
"A life time of whiskey flows through this glass"
"Since the release of Resident Evil 6  every time I see the logo I still see that lucky giraffe."
"For some reason I uttered the phrase &quot;google doggie boobs&quot;. So I did. I found a scarf."
"MRI scan of broccoli"
"MRI scan of broccoli"
"I can swing my sword"
"WTF is this thing"
"Now we know what's at the begining of the rainbow"
"I am so cute..."
"ICanHazStripes?"
"your cat is not cooler"
"And he shall be known as Polygon Cat"
"Company cuts cost on security"
"Guard goose"
"Tired Frenchie is tired"
"Dog Tired"
"Thomas don't care"
"Just got some new speakers for the ride  what do you guys think?"
"Dragon Warrior  you are not ..."
"Mom was worried about my trip from Tatooine  I sent her this picture."
"To the red fields"
"Whenever I pretend to pay attention."
"Dating site troll."
"Hilarious but an asshole troll."
"Still the funniest thing I have seen on the internet (X-post from r/rimgoingtohellforthis)"
"Human Flamingo"
"Some things make me feel like I'm not worthy of considering myself creative."
"Red Lighting"
"Don't know the source (x-post from/r/wtf)"
"The precise manner in which I am treated by Reddit."
"American diplomacy"
"Balls."
"Alpha Dog!"
"I got my acceptance letter today. Not quite what I was expecting though"
"STAHP"
"STAHP - brothers name is Dave - this is all I can think when I see him down vote me"
"Rage comic rage"
"Rage comic rage"
"Earth  Venus  and Jupiter as seen from Mars..."
"Earth  Jupiter and Venus from the skyline of Mars."
"A kitty disguised as a basket."
"Truer words were never spoken."
"How I imagine most Redditors are at work"
"Good looking kitty right there!"
"if you have someone you don't mind spending some time with..."
"Reddit's suggested reading!"
"Death Mountain anybody?"
"UFO? Nope. Lenticular Clouds."
"Vladimir Putin like you've never seen him before"
"Putin's balloon know how. Bust it!"
"Oh Billy Mays and your silly prices."
"Everyday i'm shufflin'"
"There are somethings you aren't meant to understand."
"Everyday I'm Shufflin' [GIF]"
"I always wondered how they decide who has to be the butt"
"I want this at my next birthday"
"zebra boogy"
"Me and my roommate when we realized it's officially Saturday and we don't have to go to bed early for work."
"Happened upon this awesome combo purely on accident"
"Fuck your Honda Civic...."
"Madagascar Style"
"shufflin"
"Guess what day it is? 8I (sorry if this is already made)"
"MZ Brammer"
"How I feel the last 10% of the download"
"When I eat some good pizza"
"DragonGroove"
"Dragon groove [Fixed]"
"DragonGroove [Fixed]"
"How it feels to be out of pages to Reddit"
"I came home today only to discover that I had missed my cake day."
"Posted my dog on /r/aww on my cakeday = &lt;10 karma. Seeing everyone else get &gt;500+ for their cakeday posts..."
"The delivery guy is almost here!"
"The difference"
"If women always wore what men told them to..."
"Dwight knows movies..."
"And the rest was His Story."
"True and false questions"
"I should have thought of this sooner"
"I got called off work today..."
"Just a little joey to brighten your day."
"Soon..."
"The definition of fucked"
"Albino Chimpanzee"
"When you get so angry that..."
"Saw this gem on facebook. Couldn't stop laughing."
"Don't piss me off!"
"Saw this on my Facebook"
"McGangnam"
"looking good. LOOKIIING GOOOD...aaaaaand...nope"
"I got this  I got this... FUCK"
"What I imagine QWOP high-jump might be like..."
"This is how I look when I try anything athletic"
"me rollerskating and wehn my eye catches something else!! !!!"
"1931 Burning cigarette dispenser"
"From 1934. A machine that dispensed lit cigarettes. Seems pretty safe to me."
"A decision must be made..."
"This doesn't seem safe...(NSFW)"
"Would you still go for it? [NSFW]"
"Getting married next week to a devout Catholic I've been seeing for four years. My skill level has diminished to about this. (SFW)"
"This will definitely help me do my business better"
"Bathroom with glass floor built above an abandoned elevator shaft"
"I'll see your Gangnam Starbucks cup and raise you an actual &quot;Sexy Latte&quot; from my friend's Blenz."
"So Stephen Fry Just Tweeted This..."
"Oh god  what are you doing?"
"The Molestation of Adam"
"Real or fake?"
"Is this true? Please tell me it is some sort of distasteful montage"
"This can't be real  anyone on reddit know the story behind the picture?"
"Bad Guy National GeoGraphic"
"Just need to get the shot...."
"Priorities."
"when she gets married... her husband is going to be a VERY happy man"
"She's quite limber."
"i thought i was flexible"
"We're jst going to hold our hands"
"She spelled &quot;selfish bitch&quot; wrong"
"Living in L.A. and visit Compton I feel this is neccessary to bring."
"In case of riot."
"Fuck everything about this."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Taking r/nope back to its roots"
"Being Australian"
"weve all experienced this as kids"
"It is he I am looking for."
"This is all I could think about while watching this week's episode of Community."
"I came across this on Facebook and it explains so much!"
"Never knew that 7 hours could be so beautiful"
"7 Hours in one image"
"7 hours in 1 image"
"The circle of life"
"Often get this sung to me. My name is America."
"'Murica"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"I nearly died laughing. &quot;trust&quot;"
"Spider-woman (x-post /r/wtf)"
"LOOK OUT  here comes the spider man"
"Whenever I am browsing Reddit and see a post about someones cat"
"When I see a hilarious post and find out in the comments it was a repost."
"Pencil carving of Finn and Jake"
"Every attempt i make at the front page"
"What if climate change is a hoax?"
"HAPPY NATIONAL &quot;IT'S A TRAP&quot; DAY!"
"When my girlfriend asks me &quot;Who's the better cook  me or your mother?&quot; in front of my mother..."
"this is what i thought when my dad offered me a shot"
"Skateboarding with Jesus."
"When my post has plenty of comments but no upvotes/downvotes"
"Abandon thread!"
"Every time my post doesn't make it..."
"That moment when you realise you've said something so stupid  you can't possibly defend it"
"Stop! Don't make me pee"
"steve from blue's clues (GIF)"
"Not the thinking chair!!!"
"Mitt Romney is a cash whore in the past and would guess the same for the future!"
"Why would anyone think that Mitt Romney really likes money?"
"Mitt Romney and the boys from Bain Capital"
"Party like we're in Russia!"
"Meanwhile in russia"
"White People [Fixed]"
"White People"
"How I feel upvoting someone I'm having an argument with"
"Sometimes I photoshop my friends into popular internet pictures."
"I am Skeleton Jelly!"
"I am Skeleton Jelly."
"So many hours went into this game when I was younger..."
"Fear is the real enemy"
"Angel cloud"
"Come on Facebook..."
"Facebook"
"Facebook These Days..."
"This happens to me way too often..."
"I wouldn't mind watching an entire movie based on this commercial."
"I wouldn't mind watching a movie based on this commercial."
"How I felt trading my Honda Civic for a Suburban."
"How I feel going from one 17'' monitor to two 27'' monitors."
"oh superman  you so funny"
"Super Antics"
"Sadly this is kind of true."
"Sadly this is pretty much true."
"classy guy"
"Well  this is normal."
"An extremely rare white rhino  of which there are only four left in the entire world  in the Kenyan Ol Pejeta reservation  roams about the plains flanked by armed bodyguards"
"Mind blown. I love you  Pixar."
"Saw this elsewhere  Not mine  but relevant nonetheless."
"Best troll gif"
"I want one!"
"Awesome basement pool!"
"The Burger King doesn't clown around"
"I'd vote for that."
"Troy's candy cigarette case"
"They need to make this game come true."
"Which one of these is a woman ?"
"Underwater dog photography"
"Excuse me  did you see my ball down here?"
"Give me a dog any day"
"It's too late"
"It's too late"
"It's not like I needed to sleep this month"
"O_O"
"what the actual fuck! (gifs)"
"Jerk off material for a month (SFW......?)"
"Now try it on LSD (Disclaimer: You might not want to try this on LSD)"
"I won't sleep for days now."
"This is what nightmares are made of.."
"OAG gets creepy...Nightmares? Check."
"Oh Death Note"
"Did somebody say war cry?"
"Jenifer Garner will always love you! &lt;3"
"He was so sharp in the debates  too."
"He's pretty sharp to"
"Great campaign poster from r/punny"
"Odin's promise..."
"My GOD is the REAL ONE"
"Odin Vs. Jesus"
"In Odin We Trust"
"Hammering in the final nail in the coffin"
"My friends cat will try anything to leave her."
"If it fits  it ships!"
"Colbert and Kermit - my first gif  a request by a friend!"
"Nice tip  Fieldrunners."
"Just nope"
"Just looking at this hurts"
"When I'm high at work and my boss assigns me a task."
"How I feel when I'm at work and open a link that should be labeled N*S*F*W but it isn't. [FIXED]"
"BECAUSE SCIENCE"
"A mule. Parasailing. A motherfuckingmulemotherfuckin para. Sailing."
"Cat Norris is coming"
"Cat Norris"
"This pic made my day!!"
"How I feel when someone gets tons of karma off of a repost"
"That moment when the video you posted to r/science got more upvotes a week ago in r/trees"
"HIFW I see a happy couple"
"Moved into our new house  looks like the last tenants forgot their embodiment of pure evil in the freezer."
"old tennant forgot about this evil in their freezer"
"This guy must really love his tortoise"
"Have you seen him?"
"I found the tortoise!"
"&quot;I'll just have the soup&quot;"
"Whats for lunch?"
"this came up on my FB feed"
"Best one I've seen"
"Teddy Roosevelt VS. Bigfoot"
"Well hello ther- OH MY GOD"
"I think you guys would like this."
"Polyathiest"
"After a hard days work..."
"Yoga Retreat..."
"This guy's got the right idea."
"albino baby sea turtle"
"The special one"
"How I feel being new to reddit..."
"Meatloaf anyone?"
"When we cook meat babies  they wear bacon diapers.- Baconnaise"
"Not even the bacon can save this meatloaf"
"I've always liked cats  I've always liked beards... I like this."
"Googled &quot;how to make it to the front page of Reddit&quot; found what im looking for"
"God of Reddit?"
"Hair is cats. Your argument is invalid."
"She's gonna get over you"
"Doctor Style"
"He's doing behind my back  isn't he"
"What every redditor thinks trolling is."
"How I picture trolls"
"Not sure if trolling or just very stupid."
"One thing I don't get about most &quot;trolls&quot;"
"Ice Canyon"
"Ice Canyon  Greenland"
"What would you do if you could stop time? [NSFW]"
"Oh  shit!"
"I have been expecting you"
"Googled &quot;kitten&quot; ..."
"Goodness"
"Principles."
"from Hitler to Super Wizard"
"When I meet someone taller than me"
"Dream Fridge"
"Un toca Rectal por Favor!"
"Supermodels without makeup [FIXED] [FIXED]"
"Supermodels without makeup [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Supermodels without makeup [OKAY]"
"Supermodels without make-up."
"It's Friday."
"Gotta get down"
"Gotta Get Down!"
"FUN FUN FUN FUN!"
"Watch out ladies...my 92 year old grandfather is single [FIXED]"
"For instant fun  just add water (let's hope this works)"
"Well hey there"
"Asked my wife what she wanted to do tonight (Friday)  she said &quot;Clean the house.&quot;"
"how I feel realizing I missed my cake day by 2 days"
"Favorite gifs for my cake day"
"When my original content gets downvoted..."
"Introduced boyfriend to reddit...first post gets front page"
"Repost detected."
"Dont ask Dont tell"
"Your Daily Slow Loris"
"Would you be my friend?"
"Little Johnny was never seen again.."
"Meanwile in russian subway"
"How I feel getting fancy to go out."
"Just Ron and Tammy Swanson..."
"With Will Arnett and Amy Poehler's split..we now have a new funniest couple in America"
"Brought to you from the current protests in Sydney  Australia."
"I wasn't talking to you."
"Googled &quot;the funniest thing on the internet&quot;"
"Everytime I see something on the front page that I once thought of putting up"
"If you're crazy and you know it"
"How I feel about SOPA being delayed till 2012."
"When I hear a brilliant comeback in class"
"I'm curious what joke Prince Philip and Michelle Obama are sharing"
"*boop*"
"Hey little buddy  let me help you there."
"I'm usually the socially awkward retard smiling in the corner at parties."
"The true plot behind Slender"
"I heard we like Origami dragons..."
"What happens when I play sports"
"Jerkman to the rescue!"
"I think they go together pretty well."
"Good news everyone..."
"I Don't Want To Live On This Planet Anymore"
"good news everyone."
"NOPE"
"How to camp when the ground is vertical"
"So  not going camping with them."
"May I have a sip?"
"The real reason there's no Half Life 3"
"Pokemon logic"
"How I feel every time a religious person thinks they've successfully poked fun at atheism...."
"My reaction when I realized that my Cakeday was yesterday and I completely missed it."
"Everything I believed in was a lie"
"Starving Dementor"
"The main reason I wanted my mom to buy Captain Crunch as a child."
"[Fixed] How I felt the first time I got karma."
"I hate when I've been gone from Reddit for a while and I accidentally re-post something and then this happens."
"/r/technology for the next few weeks"
"Spoiler: No one finished."
"Kanye would have felt right at home"
"Cyberpunk Wallpapers. Paris 2084. /r/wallpapers"
"Paris in The Year 2100"
"Teach kids about pubes [SFW]"
"And I thought they were removing sex-ed from the ciriculum."
"Become a partner in pub... wait  what?"
"Become a partner in pub... wait  what?"
"Become a partner in WHAT?!"
"Since the particle news came out..."
"1938 Phantom Corsair"
"but officer  I thought you said texting and driving was wrong?"
"Don't text and drive kids"
"Cop texting while driving his cruiser."
"to protect and serve my ass... - Imgur"
"this guy uses two hands to text while driving"
"Secret Question"
"Bizzaro does it again."
"New Monkey Discovered  Looks Like Man In Monkey Suit"
"I am pretty sure i'm going to hell..."
"Aaron Cater"
"you want a bite of my sandwich?"
"Not a single fuck was given"
"Oh so that's what libraries are used for."
"How I feel trying to explain atheism to a creationist. (Also  cakeday submission)"
"What voting feels like."
"Even if you know how get your significant other turned on  there are times when.."
"How most people in Toronto must feel"
"So damn true."
"One of the best atheism quotes (making fun of those who are religious people  of course):"
"WOW! FRONT PAGE! THANKS GUYS!"
"House gets it"
"So true."
"The Tale of the One Legged Dog:Caution-Can break your Heart"
"Found this guy on the internet."
"when I realize I'm on the last bite of my food"
"Report for booty"
"Welcome home"
"In the last couple of hours"
"No mate...I'm alright  thanks."
"Laughed way too much at this."
"Nerf"
"&gt;be 0"
"Anon has a repressed memory (Xpost)"
"Mumbled eggs"
"This cracks me up more than it should"
"Fried Nimu Nimu Nimu Nimu Nimu Nimu"
"Don't Fuck with the South Korean Police."
"Purple Mantis"
"Thought this was the cutest thing."
"I wish I could quit you reddit."
"Awesome Aquarium Bed"
"I Missed Out Celebrating My 1st Reddit Birthday...So I Googled &quot;Reddit Birthday&quot; and..."
"I was on the front page of Reddit once."
"See this? Yeah  you better vote for me now motherfucker."
"Solo Artist"
"Happy Falcons"
"Burden of proof."
"Irony"
"There are two ways to read the sign..."
"I wholeheartedly agree - &quot;No religion&quot; is most definitely better than Islam"
"Here have a Jesus comic!"
"How I actually look"
"How I look when I check out girls [X-post from /r/funny]"
"True Shit."
"I'm waiting for something to drop into a puddle and get this movie started"
"I swear  it jumped out right in front of me!"
"clearly these types of things happen"
"Those things can come out of nowhere"
"still my favorite picture on the internet"
"Come on in"
"Why hello there  little doggle..."
"Oh hai"
"I've been expecting you"
"Oh  hai..."
"Dave? Dave's not here man."
"Hopefully this cute lil guy will earn me some karma"
"Tried my hardest to not wake up the roommate last night"
"Every time i walk in drunk and try to be silent"
"Occupy Sydney"
"I recently got a brand-new 23-inch digital monitor for my home office. I had it shipped to my workplace  and this was my coworkers' reaction as I was unboxing it at my desk during my lunch break."
"Browsing the porn subreddits (sfw)"
"Beginning work at 5pm central standard time on Sept 12th."
"Found this while surfing facebook.............. had to lol"
"Witness protection program."
"Chicken in disguise"
"Algae (pic)"
"Treading water"
"This is how Hamas sees Israel"
"How I feel when the cafeteria workers at my college get stingy with breakfast."
"Can someone explain how this happened? It's blowing my mind! (re: Japan earthquake)"
"Japanese road split in half"
"Eyebrows"
"Oh YouTube"
"My friend is an aspiring artist  here's one of his works. What do you think reddit?"
"My 3 year old son's first oil painting."
"My girlfriends first painting..."
"My girlfriend's art amazes me..."
"my girlfriends art never ceases to amaze me."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"Every time my girlfriend shows me her work  I think she should be famous. VERIFIED"
"Just an Average Day on Hoth"
"So i was driving the other day.."
"My plans for after the finals"
"After making a spelling error on Reddit."
"It happens to me  too."
"How I imagine most redditors in the real world."
"Why does this exist?"
"caption this because I sure as fuck can't."
"The cat and the fiddle"
"My eternal repeating nightmare. Please someone get mickey an instrument!"
"My eternal repeating nightmare. Please someone get mickey an instrument! (xpost from r/gif)"
"This kind of attitude is not OK"
"Muslim Hypocrisy"
"Where would you spend your last hour?"
"If I had one hour to live..."
"This might be the cutest gif I've ever seen."
"Cat gets offered a stuffed cat and gladly takes it"
"Makes me smile every time..."
"SO GODDAMN ADORABLE (x-post r/aww)"
"Cutest hug ever!"
"Hug"
"In honor of tonight  *my* favorite Twilight meme!"
"How I feel every time I use my card and don't know how much money I actually have on it"
"Plugging my phone into the charger right as it's about to die..."
"Our most famous guest!"
"Top gear - must be a terrible show."
"Why Redditors dislike Obama."
"Voters who classify themselves as 'pro-cat' were not amused."
"10 years ago  this underrated masterpiece came out..."
"Bullet interaction with steel wall"
"Bullet Strike - High Speed Camera"
"A bullet meets its match"
"I believe this belongs here."
"So there's this. No good title for it..."
"Is this considered wtf?"
"Man with cheetah tits projectile lactating facial on the savannah (NSFW)"
"Like Sir's"
"Why I love Snoop Dogg (found on Instagram)"
"The difference between Mitt and Barack. (Sorry if re-post)"
"Struggling with who you're going to vote for? Snoop breaks it down"
"Snoop on the presidential debate"
"Snoop Dog on Mitt and Obama"
"A true artist was discovered"
"Misunderstood Artist"
"K-fucking-O"
"To connect or not to connect.....that is the question"
"So trying to get Wifi in school and found this gem."
"I didn't realize there was a Taco Bell next door."
"This is kind of confusing."
"When my boss walks toward my cubicle..."
"Damn it hedgehog  I said stay away from the light!"
"They see me rollin'..."
"Call me maybe Back to the Future style."
"Call me to the future."
"Attention Hipsters"
"Calling all Hipsters"
"Christmas carol"
"Christmas is coming"
"Saw this floating around facebook."
"Best disguise ever"
"Surprise! (Fixed)"
"Retards  we all know one"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Where is the flame-thrower when you need it?"
"Perfect."
"Smashing"
"Emma Stone"
"Can't help it  she's breathtaking."
"Emma Stone"
"Norway."
"When I forget to save and my computer crashes..."
"Well  it's true."
"C'mon  is that the ~only~ reason I shouldn't drink out of the toilet???"
"Sound Advice"
"Baby-Gets Knocked Out!"
"Baby Trample"
"How I feel when I tag a song that I like with Shazam; only to know it's Adele"
"Pugception"
"Can't be coincidence..."
"As someone who has such disdain for YOLO  I found this to be poetic justice. As a human being  I hope everyone is alright."
"Power of Dragonforce"
"I believe this works."
"Fire meet beat  beat meet fire."
"My asshole after eating taco bell."
"Panda Panda Panda"
"Works the same way"
"No need to be so lazyy"
"I steal from the riches...."
"1%'s Motorcycle Club stop WBC protests...guess a beatdown is scarier than the wrath of God"
"Hells Angles show up to thwart the Westboro B.C protests at the recent Newtown funeral processions."
"Hundreds of Hell's Angels  Policemen  and Firemen stand guard at a funeral for one of the victims of the Newton Shooting. Westboro Baptist was quite surprised when they showed up."
"Took this while at the beach  my dog Daisy loves the ocean"
"No fucks given for this Corgi."
"Sandcastle? Why not Sand Corgi!!"
"We don't just bury humans at the beach!"
"It's Friday [FIXED]"
"All time favorite gif"
"Whenever I go to sit at lunch in my new school"
"The Truth about Whiskey"
"Giant Mirrored Building Facade Can Turn Anyone into Spiderman"
"My dad is little weird"
"Nice girl...wtf?!"
"Gotta Love Family."
"Who ever that is he shouldn't be in the picture"
"I can't believe I still do this"
"Passive-aggressive little shit  isn't he?"
"Why the .... is this here"
"Found this on /r/emmawatson but it belongs here."
"This can't be legit"
"First time a new Yorker comic made me laugh"
"Waldo - the later years"
"Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!"
"Come at me  bro!"
"how I view &quot;tough&quot; middle schoolers"
"Kayak Diving Fail"
"He died for your spins"
"The Last Disco"
"COCAINE"
"Darth Pyramid Head"
"&quot;Honey  help me pick out a color for our wallpaper.&quot;"
"How men and women see colors."
"My girlfriend sent me this on facebook with the caption &quot;He has been... reborn!&quot;"
"Get in my belly!"
"*kapow*"
"This is probably the creepiest game I've ever played."
"Whenever I hear Romney explain his tax plan"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"Bad Luck Brian"
"How this new meme is starting to make me feel."
"My mom was worried about me ordering food"
"My reaction every time."
"Jehovah's witness's these days."
"This is the front of my local library. Thought reddit would enjoy."
"This is the front of my local library."
"a million? NOPE!"
"That suit makes you look like..."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Just riding my bike..."
"He loves bikes"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Ive gotta have this bike!!!"
"Paint War"
"Boom colors [Xpost from r/pics]"
"Thought y'all might like this (xpost from r/pics)"
"Boom  colors."
"Paint War (Berlin  Germany)"
"Still better at dancing than me"
"my reaction to seeing the FedEx truck pull up to my house with my iPhone  after having a blackberry for three years..."
"The see me rollin..."
"Look At This Crap You've Put In My Bowl!"
"Oh no  I'm not sleepy."
"Kiss The Cook"
"My life: Daytime vs. Night time"
"Sometimes when i just cant get the rest my god damned shredded cheese out of the god damned carton hole for my god damned lunchables cheese pizza..."
"Problem bro?"
"Sup bro?"
"Sup Bro."
"SUP BRO!!"
"SUP BRO!!"
"What?! Wanna fight bitch?!?!"
"Come at me bro!"
"'Sup Bro"
"Rainy day. Dream away."
"YO Mamma"
"Can't keep a straight face while looking at this."
"Condensed sulfer burns blue in the crater of the Kawah Ljen volcano - East Java  Indonesia - Imgur"
"Highly magnified maggot"
"When an obvious camper tells me i'm camping on Call Of Duty"
"When someone says &quot;GG  carried these noobs&quot;"
"As an Asian  when I once petted a stranger's dog and he jokingly said  'Don't eat him!'"
"When I manage to schedule a meeting for 25 people and then one person wants to move it..."
"Life of a redditor"
"You can only push a girl so far.. (xpost from silly)"
"learn it  live it  love it"
"How I feel after 1 or 2 squats"
"target in sight this shot is for all the bananas"
"Prepare yourselves humans!! Evolution is not that slow!!."
"Worthwhile pets for a redditor"
"Oh  and fuck you too!"
"I am the brain"
"My first day of playing countern-strike"
"Any time i try to give a girl a massage."
"Elevator trick!"
"Cox dancing."
"Look at the girl in the skirts weird sharp knee  creepy as hell."
"No seriously  WHAT THE FUCK is wrong with them?"
"Why is this a thing?"
"This is why I love cats"
"Dogs vs. Cats"
"Just another reason to get a cat"
"Universal  you have 3 years to film 16 sequels."
"How I imagine the thought process of all of us."
"Story of my life"
"How I feel when my parents tell me to get off Reddit and go outside."
"Underwater MAGIC"
"When I look at girls in the porn industry"
"Can't we all just get along?"
"Ha! This was great."
"Discount Double Slammed!"
"So true"
"This alaways makes me laugh"
"What are you thinking about?"
"Whatcha thinkin' about?"
"Whatcha thinkin abou"
"Iron Man"
"How stupid can you be?"
"Push it to the limit"
"I saw this when I just downloaded a game for IPod..."
"Loading up an app I just downloaded when suddenly."
"There's also one that says &quot;DOWNVOTING REPOSTS&quot;"
"Opened up a new app and found this on the loading screen"
"Even Agent Dash reddits while waiting for something to load!"
"The true story of The Wizard of Oz"
"The Most Accurate Synopsis Ever For &quot;The Wizard Of Oz&quot; - Reposted from BuzzFeed.com"
"Love it or hate it......."
"Tried to explain what Reddit was to a friend via text. This is what he sent back. He should fit right in."
"Reading through the &quot;Most Fucked Up Stories Thread.&quot;"
"How knifing works in CoD"
"54-46 Was My Number"
"And that kids  is how I met your mother"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"How I feel when posting links to Reddit..."
"Dont be harsh on yourself."
"The three generations of U.S. Mars Rovers. Curiosity (right) is due to land at 05:31 UTC on Monday."
"How to identify rock. Yep  it's a rock. [Mars Edition]"
"Go home  house  you are drunk"
"How I feel trying to get some karma for my cake day.."
"'MURICA"
"The Non-Fiction Bible"
"Failure to connect"
"This is how I feel everytime I post in r/funny"
"King of Dodge"
"ALSO  the bridge is out ahead."
"The redditor who created this has a real chip on his shoulder"
"Magic Hands"
"The more you mashup."
"He's a Magic Man."
"My favorite unit of measurement..."
"My favorite unit of measurement..."
"Baby bat."
"I sell cocaine and cocaine accessories."
"Hank  what is a cocaine accessory?"
"Don't do drugs  don't shoplift"
"Best &quot;don't do drugs&quot; sign I've seen"
"Slow fuckers in the passing lane on the interstate  period."
"Whenever I hear someone chewing with their mouth open."
"John Goodman seems a tad miffed"
"I see what you did there"
"A man is dating 3 women.."
"I knew this would make it better..it didn't"
"Wild Love"
"The sky suddenly lit up on me  unexpected meteor shower in the UK"
"A meteor that just went over Ireland and England. It was amazing!"
"Did anyone see the meteor over England? My friend sent me this pic"
"Just looked out my window and I have never seen a shooting star like this before"
"The Space Shuttle Columbia flew over my house this morning!"
"Meteor spotted tonight over UK"
"Fireball over Northern UK this evening (cameraphone pic)"
"Meteor over UK"
"Good doggy [x-post from /r/VCU]"
"VCU Cops"
"Still my favorite gif"
"Now this is my kind of party [NSFW]"
"What is this I don't even... [NSFW]"
"What is this I don't even... (x-post from r/funny)"
"Realistic Toy Soldiers"
"Spongebob Squarepants is the spawn of the devil!"
"What a doll."
"Probably happier than 85% of us."
"I'm a pretty girl"
"Reddit  check it out  the chalice of deliciousness!"
"'MERICA"
"Trip wire  successful"
"Crack Kills [NSFW]"
"A real pain in the ass."
"What'd you say?"
"Autumn vs. Spring"
"From my Facebook Feed: All Hail Lord Santans!"
"Carl!!!"
"Its not healthy how long I laughed at this."
"AAAAWKWAARD"
"A THIEF"
"My favourite piece of the internet"
"I Trusted You..."
"Hey  Carl..."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"...On second thought  I think I'll walk"
"Had to do it."
"My favorite reversed gif"
"He can also walk through walls and fly."
"The Dahlia Lama [gif]"
"Me when Reddit was blocked at work today"
"Sounds about right."
"shaved llama"
"Post-Family Vacation Fap"
"He wants to sleep with you...."
"He wants to sleep with you..."
"Never mess with a hungry Fat Kid"
"Kung Moo"
"Get the hell away from me!"
"kung-moo!!"
"What happened to Kony?"
"the versatility of dude"
"Are they gone yet?"
"cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuteeeee!"
"I'm scared"
"My proudest moment in gaming yet"
"Haikus are easy..."
"The day the hood burned down"
"I found ice growing out of a rail"
"Ice formation (x-post from /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Redditor shapes glue gun glue stick and inserts it in rail and claims it's ice."
"Ice growing out of a rail..."
"In the coldness of winter  his Noodliness revealed to us!"
"The Internet has officially ruined me. My son was playing with one of his toy tractor trailers and Lincoln Logs. He announced that he &quot;had a big load coming in.&quot; This immediately popped in to my head."
"Friday coming home.[Fixed][Fixed]"
"Sums up my new puppy copying my older dog when company visits"
"I'd buy it.."
"True Friendship"
"BWWAHH!!"
"I don't even know what to say about this.."
"I don't know how or where I found this  but it's easily the strangest picture on my phone"
"I guess foxes are learning better ways to get around.."
"I just bought a new grill..."
"Perfect paint scheme for a Smart."
"Good Ol' Blue Eyes"
"Steven Seagal when he's not acting."
"I ran out of bad guys ..."
"Safe to say  I pissed myself laughing"
"My friend left himself logged in on my computer. He's been having a few tough months. Show him some love please?"
"I just searched Google for 'The Best Picture on the Internet'. Here is the top picture."
"Googled &quot;2nd best picture on the Internet&quot;. Was not dissapointed."
"Googled &quot;Best Picture on the Internet&quot;... can't say i'm disappointed"
"Googled &quot;the coolest picture on the internet&quot;."
"Googled the owner of reddit... Was not disappointed."
"Don't remember what I was looking for but found this"
"I searched redditor on google and this was the result."
"This was the first image to appear when I Googled my username. What's yours?"
"Puff puff."
"Albert Einstein smoking pot?"
"Just a bit of advice."
"Annoying white girl on youtube....seems familiar."
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"I can't."
"A Man Can Dream..."
"How it should have ended"
"Oo  pretty."
"Winnie the Pooh gives no fux."
"Winnie the Gangsta Ass Pooh!"
"Brb  just going to the toilet"
"Sometimes you really cant hold it"
"Absolutely flawless."
"This makes no sense"
"still the best thing I've ever seen on the internet"
"Shit jump"
"Haters Are Never Ever Ever Gonna Hate Together"
"Just hold on  I will save you!"
"Baby elephant helping a kitten out of a creek. SO FUCKING CUTE."
"Evolution  Stahp"
"Evolution can be a right pain in the arse."
"Evolution  stahp!"
"Found this image in my newsfeed."
"Evolution stahp"
"Evolution"
"STAHP"
"My made it to the front page dance"
"Saw this on r/gaming and shat bricks  how did I never know about this!?"
"The four elements"
"Stratus Clouds -- eight hundred miles south of the North Pole  churned by 90-mile-an-hour winds"
"Falcon Version of Puppy Dog Eyes"
"How I feel whenever I get downvoted."
"BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL!"
"How to abruptly end a conversation."
"Jesus had human needs..."
"God help meh!! (repost)"
"I don't care what anybody says. This has been and will always be the most missed Hostess product."
"Whoa  whoa  whoa..."
"Simba  are you even LISTENING to Mufasa?"
"I am ashamed to say that I am curious to try some..."
"So who remembers this game? Two words...flick targetting"
"Photo taken with flash"
"Soon [NSFW]"
"Anatidaephobia: The fear that somewhere  somehow  a duck is watching you. [NSFW]"
"My favorite face swap"
"How I feel during a religion class at a Catholic school"
"When I read the texts I sent at 4 am after a night out..."
"After getting a flirty text from my ex"
"me after beating heavy rain"
"as a black guy  seeing a tasty looking watermelon at a white friend's barbecue."
"Forever Alone IRL"
"Technically correct: the best kind of correct."
"Wise words  Rorschach."
"Rorschach makes an excellent and relevant point"
"Claudia Mitchell - First woman to have a bionic arm [720x470]"
"Claudia Mitchell - first woman to have a bionic arm - a prosthetic limb that she controls with her mind."
"Frighteningly deep for 4chan post."
"googled &quot;cake day karma&quot; and got this"
"My expectations for my first cake day"
"Team Work!"
"it's my cake day. even after a year  and a verifiable addiction  this still feels like me."
"World's largest emerald"
"I love Natalie Johansson/Scarlett Portman"
"This has got to be a joke  right?"
"Have you heard of that Taken movie?"
"I saw this movie poster and thought it was made by a reddit fan of Nicolas Cage. Nope. It's the real deal."
"Hey  it's google!"
"Well that was just about every girl in high school....."
"Listen Up Girls. You Need To Know This."
"The 90's"
"Can't think of a title  I just know it belongs here."
"Abraham Lincoln riding a bear with the emancipator.......that is all"
"Why the south will never rise again..."
"Not just Russia"
"Don't mess with Abraham Lincoln!"
"Gandalf the Awesome"
"must..... return......shopping cart...."
"When I Missed My Cakeday Yesterday Because I Was Drunk All Day"
"rape vault."
"Rouldof the red nosed....."
"Rudolph doesn't take shit anymore..."
"Used to."
"This is how I feel when I am walking when it's windy."
"Wasn't thinking 4th dimensionally"
"This is how to teach your parents computer shortcuts"
"Cut  Paste &amp; Undo"
"My University's Meme page did me proud with this one"
"Laughter is the best medicine"
"My confidence whenever I submit something to Reddit.."
"sharktopus"
"Let's just squeeze some Lemon Demon on there..."
"too good to be true?"
"we can do this until 4 am or until we get tired"
"we can do this until 4 am or until we get tired (x/post from r/funny)"
"victim of trolling"
"I remember when this happened to me."
"Poor Kitty"
"Nope."
"How to troll a sliding door"
"Prank war"
"really?"
"Now that's loyalty. I tear up a bit almost every time..."
"No dying  found in a dumpster  abandoned in the rain  rescued from an engine  nothing. Just two kittens hugging  plain and simple!"
"At first I was like"
"How I feel when I look at the clock while browsing Reddit."
"Logging on and seeing a comment from last night down voted to the oblivion"
"when i finally check my hair but the date's almost over"
"When we're talking about last night  as i look at my bank statement."
"Bear with extremely long tongue."
"What happens when you swallow gum"
"Interesting as well as WTF-worthy. Judge for yourselves I suppose."
"Much Better  Thank you  Aziz."
"I don't know what this is. I don't know where it came from but damn does it make me smile."
"Bad Ass Seniors!"
"For everyone who says &quot;What 'bout when your older&quot;..."
"WHAT EVEN....NSFW"
"Gaben"
"Poor raccoon"
"My favorite part of Mein Kampf"
"Mein Sled! (X-Post from /r/WTF)"
"What Hitler does on his free time:"
"I can show you the world !"
"OMG!!"
"Googled Dickhead"
"Best idea ever"
"No thanks. Just the coffee ..."
"They see me mowin' they hatin'"
"New Facebook reminds me of..."
"My cousin said he photoshopped a picture of me. About shit my pants when I opened the Email."
"My cousin said he photoshopped a picture of me."
"Crouching Soldier  Hidden Sniper"
"So I was browsing the Steam TF2 community  when all of a sudden..."
"What has been seen"
"Me  after being convinced it would be fun to go to a local gay club."
"Fridays"
"My patience has long run out by Friday..."
"Grammar"
"When my grocery store remodels"
"What is going on? I wasn't gone long at all."
"I've been gone for a while"
"Turning on MTV for the first time since my childhood."
"How I feel when my teacher makes us use internet explorer."
"Soooo I just signed into facebook after a long absence..."
"Visiting the gym for the first time after the birth of my daughter"
"The feeling after sleeping with a random person."
"Started work training and can't reddit all day. This is how I feel."
"Waking up on 12/21/12..."
"Coming to reddit after a day off..."
"MFW I'm away from reddit and /r/wtf for 12-hours..."
"After logging into reddit tonight..."
"Millions of spiders climbed up into the trees."
"Millions of spiders climbed up into the trees. (YFW)"
"A man's gotta eat"
"This looks easy enough."
"Like a boss"
"Me leaving work today..."
"Everywhere I Go..."
"Everywhere I Go..."
"How to troll someone."
"Stop making your shit look so much alike Walmart"
"Walmart is trying to kill the average consumer!"
"after a few more drinks Homer was on a Bender"
"Fuck yeah!"
"Nigel Patrick Harris"
"Solar System Hard Candy Lollipops"
"How Reddit works"
"Good point."
"Whenever i have a small amount of upvotes..."
"Dreaming of Days Long Gone [1920x1080](X-Post from /r/pics  courtesy of user seraphim19"
"Dreaming of days long gone"
"Dont grow up! its a trap!"
"Cooooorrrnnn..."
"Oh the feeling of corn.."
"Please don't do this to me... Pleease..."
"I don't like you any more"
"He's in a glass case of emotion."
"This was on facebook"
"They got maried on halloween. Nailed it"
"Married on halloween. Nailed it"
"Lets Go Fishing"
"Oh  you wanted to wash your hands for more than 4 seconds?"
"Blatant repost.gif"
"Epic Spider Fight"
"Epic Spider Fight (x post from Gifsound)"
"Spiders Reflection"
"Pure Joy"
"Pure Joy"
"Starting an essay..."
"When I feel a bug on me..."
"Club can't even handle me right now..."
"Party Hard!"
"Partying in the sunlight."
"Party Hard [Fixed]"
"when someone submits a really long discussion post"
"Little edward"
"Found him!"
"Everytime I look at the sky..."
"How many of us can see &quot;floaters&quot;?"
"These are called &quot;floater&quot; and this is what I see in my eye."
"He fell asleep after the news."
"&quot;New item on the menu. Does it come in Black?&quot;"
"Dafuq?"
"Saw this gem on my feed earlier... The misuse of this meme has my head hurting."
"Back off devil! (found on my Facebook feed)"
"Found this on my news feed.. you're doing it wrong."
"From my Facebook feed today.."
"Things at Union Station are worse than we thought."
"Union Station Flood Toronto (June 1) - RBC Building has bigger problems than we originally thought"
"BREAKING NEWS - Sharks spoted circling at Union Station Toronto"
"Shark's spotted at Toronto's Union Station after flood"
"Sharks attack Union Station"
"Union Station Flood Toronto (June 1) - RBC Building has bigger problems than we originally thought(FIXED)"
"Evil Genius [Sierra] If you don't own this  do yourself a favour and do so."
"Metal fans"
"Well  Jones  at least you haven't forgotten how to show a geek a good time."
"&quot;Raiders Of The Lost Ark&quot; In One Small GIF  Start To Finish"
"When I'm looking at a hot girl and her dad sees me"
"=("
"free candy"
"Criminals were Apparently way more Badass back then."
"Badass vintage mugshot from the 1920s"
"I just missed my cakeday"
"I had the terrible idea of eating this on top of my keyboard"
"So damn true....."
"All for one!"
"Found this gem today."
"Hey guys! Look at this gem I found!"
"Poking around the internet  when I found this (le) gem."
"Baby elephants having a wonderful time..."
"Baby elephants in a hot afternoon"
"Baby elephants in a baby pool."
"Crazy Elephants"
"Baby elephants playing in a pool [x-post r/gifs]"
"I really really want this as my Christmas tree."
"Just saw this  awesome portal inspired Christmas decoration!"
"So after a good long week of my mom nagging me to put up our fake christmas tree  i surprised my mother with this..."
"Christmas done right."
"Christmas done right. [FIXED]"
"Pretty cool ring"
"My precious!"
"My precious!"
"Indeed"
"Everyone needs a role model."
"that a nice statue"
"Smile  it could be worse"
"How I feel when I see a sensationalist headline"
"I over trusted that fart."
"When I forgot today is garbage day"
"When the barber nicks your ear"
"Why.... why would you post such a thing??!"
"This made me wtf a thousand times over"
"Whenever my Pandora freezes in the middle of a commercial..."
"How I feel when someones views are different from mine on the internet."
"One girl less to date"
"unknown"
"Picture of a lifetime. They can get another baby."
"Great Parenting"
"I always laugh when I see this one."
"Portals...and trolls. Question. Has any one ever answered this kind of question. It makes me a bit mad that people don't like to think this though. Asking because i have my own answer so i would like to compare it."
"The Great War"
"Cool map of 1914 Europe"
"Eject"
"searched how to get karma and got this"
"...every time I see a baby picture in r/aww..."
"Some people just want to watch the world burn"
"Business Cat does it again"
"Why Not"
"I've been monitoring r/atheism for a long time now  and this came to mind..."
"Business cat gets distracted"
"And bricks were shat!"
"I don't mean to get your goat  but I love ewe Reddit!"
"I love ewe Reddit!"
"My mind is so full of fuck right now."
"Church war"
"Some churches are fun"
"When churches fight"
"All dogs go to heaven..."
"The scariest thing I've ever seen"
"Only in math..."
"Oh No You Didn't!"
"My favorite 'zero fucks given'"
"I AM..."
"Accidentally empathizing with someone on r/funny"
"Know that feel  bro."
"NOPE."
"Don't steal purses in Japan"
"Now this was unexpected"
"This guy is much better at bowling than me."
"Bowling Master"
"This is how I bowl"
"All Mighty Malachi the Professional Bowling God"
"I can also do this..."
"Whenever I apply for a job and check my resume."
"I just found this on /b/ Theists: 1000 Atheists: 0"
"I don't know about the rest of you  but this is pretty much how I became a brony."
"When hearing about r/poop"
"It's my Birthday today."
"Does anyone else want to touch that lil' belly?"
"How my girlfriend must feel when she's trying to sleep and I want sex."
"Dog used Tail Spin!"
"When I'm in the mood for sex and she's not"
"Oompa lumpa do be de do  if you elect me  I'll ruin your country for you."
"Oh god skyrim - we can't keep going like this!"
"Goofy in his darker days"
"Axe!"
"Someone had way too much time in his hand..."
"Grumpy cat during the holidays."
"anti-drug information  Irish Style"
"Throwing your own poo. It's not a good look [SFW]"
"Poo throwing is not a good look - thanks Belfast"
"WTF Belfast?"
"Anti-drug advert in Ireland"
"Don't eat acid."
"Solid advice"
"What crazy nonsense are the kids doing these days??"
"What kind of a PSA is this?!"
"And that kids  is why you shouldn't do acid."
"Tell me.....What is next?"
"Put. It. Down."
"Soon?"
"At least he found his dog."
"Bus Message"
"That'd be a Brady Bunch worth watching."
"The Four Horsemen"
"how I feel when arriving at concert venue/bar."
"I didn't think it would happen  but after hours of studying for the GRE  filling out applications  and sucking up to professors... I found out I've been accepted into a PhD program!"
"When I see a nice pair of Tits"
"Trololololo lololo lololo  lalalalalah"
"Me when I remember it's payday"
"Me when my attractive friend posts beach pictures."
"When I posted a comment this morning and saw that it was my cakeday"
"I just discovered karma"
"As a senior watching all the freshmen girls move in"
"I just found out the girl I like is a redditor"
"When my friend tells me it's a free bar..."
"so my daughter tried soda looked liked she smoked weed"
"I Think It Sounds Like Brlrrrlrllbrlrbrlbrlrrbrbrblrbrllrbrrlrbrr [X-post from r/NSFW_GIFS"
"That's gross"
"For my cake day  an unorthodox choice. [NSFW]"
"A meal for the whole family (NSFW)"
"The stuff you find on 4chan."
"Ainsley"
"this is a beautiful .gif [NSFW]"
"Flap that shit"
"Every time I'm angry..."
"Troll Mickey Mouse"
"Airplane Drag by Army of Dwarfs"
"and where do I belong?"
"where do I belong"
"How I feel when I put things on reddit"
"About to beat my boyfriend to the 1000 mark in karma."
"The double standard of having a choice on whether or not you want to be a parent."
"Flood"
"Wong Fook"
"I don't even..."
"You may now kiss my paw"
"The kid does have a point."
"Now  you elevate. [gif]"
"TIL what really happened to Jesus."
"This scared the piss out of me as a kid"
"The bow tops it off"
"Kitty is not pleased."
"Oh yeah that's the spot!"
"Ahhhh..... Yes  That's The Spot"
"Hanging High Above The Hoover Dam"
"Socially awkward Ichiro [x-post from sports]"
"Better watch your butt.."
"Just real life..."
"Welcome to America"
"Reddit at it's core."
"I Has to Toot"
"I remember my first beer"
"It's Friday REDDIT"
"Chaos: A huge flock of Red-billed Queleas flies in to drink at the same time as an African Elephant in Tsavo National Park  Kenya"
"Just a picture of a duck."
"I live by these words every day."
"Sploosh"
"I think we all have days like these"
"come at me  bro."
"Ready!"
"Black &amp; White"
"Yin-Yang (x-post from woahdude)"
"How many girls are there?"
"Someone tried to drop him into a vat of acid filled with flaming sharks  but I saved the little guy"
"=)"
"I saved this guy from the gravitational pull of a black hole."
"Lick!"
"A real life couch potato."
"Not quite sure what it is  but I like it"
"My life goal"
"How to detect a Meth Lab around you"
"Popped up on my news feed today... [fb]"
"A walrus' birthday"
"What up voting an unsuccessful post feels like."
"This picture always cheers me up"
"A walrus embarrassed by his birthday present."
"I must go my people need me"
"the reason r/WTF exists."
"Pinch"
"HIFW I turn on my monitor that was left on the blindingly white Reddit homepage after several hours of sleep."
"Just a free PC check ad banner..."
"Centipedes? WHAT!?!"
"It's more likely than you think"
"Centipedes? In *my* vagina?"
"Rock Bottom"
"I think we should start distributing these..."
"Just One Of Those Days"
"Tube cat"
"No thank you.. No thank you.."
"Because there is no submission criteria anymore"
"Playing"
"Let me play with you"
"Choose wisely."
"How to keep people from stealing your sandwich"
"Don't Tickle Me!"
"Just a kitten hugging it's own face"
"Tummy touch"
"Face Palm kitty .."
"Sorry ahead of time  this may break Reddit."
"One gif to rule them all!"
"Yawwwwn!"
"Pure awesome"
"When someone agrees with my comment"
"Teacher asks class to partner up and I know my friend is already looking over at me. (x-post from r/gifs)"
"He's the man"
"This came up on a search for &quot;Panda&quot;"
"The Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Up Baby"
"Figured this was a good place for this little boy. People seem to love Up references here."
"A little late  but cutest costume ever."
"This remains the best gif ever"
"Rainbow Road"
"It's not terrorism.."
"swag bombs"
"I know this has happened to all of you before."
"Me after working too much as a grad student."
"How I'll be looking at every post on Reddit tomorrow."
"Fry meme"
"Reddit trolls"
"I'm learning illustrator and for practice I've been tracing animated characters and making them incredibly high res."
"Oh god I'm going to hell."
"Next"
"Sponge Bob's greatest"
"Sounds like my cat..."
"Thanksgiving Barbie"
"Laser Guided Dog"
"Where'd it go?"
"Dora the Explorer"
"First pick. Every time."
"Zombies are better people than us..."
"Google maps"
"Google Maps (X-post from /r/gifs)"
"Google Maps...."
"Whippin' hair back and forth"
"I whip my hair.... OMFG"
"HEADBANGING!"
"My parent's catfish is a happy little guy."
"What People in the 80's Thought Michael Jackson would Look Like in year 2000"
"In 1985  Ebony magazine guessed Michael Jackson will have “aged gracefully ” and developed a “handsome  more mature look.”"
"Don't do drugs..."
"Don't do drugs...[X-Post from r/4chan]"
"While all the other kids played MarioKart  I played this. No complains here."
"As the anticipation builds for Playstation All-Stars  one can only hope that this Playstation clone of a Nintendo game will end up like this one"
"The internet is coming."
"Finland...Fuck yeah."
"OH SHIT! Friday night!"
"Some of the iPhones 5's that have been shipped today."
"I'm thinking of calling it &quot;A blast of Fresh Air&quot;"
"Girl rats out her sister  sister posts girl's 'hook-up' list to facebook while tagging all those on the list"
"This is how gay men see the vagina"
"Porkin it  when all of a sudden..."
"found this on facebook..."
"PANDA LOOK OUT!"
"Looks like it already has.."
"deep sea eel..."
"deep sea eel... [FIXED]"
"Pornography harms....."
"My reaction to hearing that Sony  Nintendo and EA stopped supporting SOPA."
"When I get an answer right in class.."
"How I reacted when a submission finally got more than 5 upvotes"
"My reaction when pottermore sorted me into GRYFFINDOR!!"
"My Reaction When I Discovered RES v4.0.3"
"My reaction when Copenhagen was in the newest episode of Family Guy"
"Stepping into r/aww by accident"
"I just passed a really difficult exam."
"Me with a link karma up."
"I'm a teacher and was asked to pull the fire alarm for a drill today. This is how I responded."
"Found out there is unsecured internet near my new apt."
"As a man  this is what its like to lose an argument with a woman."
"How I felt getting 3 upvotes on my first reddit post just now"
"Reddit I just found out I'm going to be an uncle!"
"MFW &quot;Mr. Bean&quot; showed up while watching the Olympics."
"Walking through a spider web"
"My reaction when my boss said I could go home early on a friday."
"Whenever a hot girl from school likes my status"
"&quot;It's a-me Bitches&quot;. First reddit post. Friend said you guys would appreciate this alt art I made."
"I could do some spe-lunching here"
"Lots of WTF in this picture."
"Everyone has seen/done this before."
"The importance of hand position"
"oh Canada  you so silly..."
"[pic] The Difference Between Canada And The Us"
"Cloud tree!"
"I think that's enough internet for one day..."
"The ironing is delicious"
"Advice from a tree. True to life."
"How to assemble a model helicopter"
"Playing imgur roullete... when suddenly WTF? (NSFW)"
"the Great Red Spot [1825×1190]"
"The Great Red Spot - storm on Jupiter  ~300 years old and the size of 3 earths"
"Nickelodeon sure has changed [slightly NSFW]."
"Getting a little wet (GIF)"
"To all redditors:"
"Just for perspective"
"Cartoon Character Voices"
"Life before google"
"This is Australia ...."
"The sad reality of AMA's"
"How I picture myself when Reddit has no more blue links..."
"How I feel about a 3-day weekend"
"How I feel every time I check my phone and I got a text from the woman I've been seeing"
"New to Reddit  this is how I felt when I got my first upvote."
"I hate it when this happens."
"How i feel when i use the shitty work toilet paper"
"Classic"
"Alot of pumpkin"
"Alot of pumpkin"
"I have no idea why I laughed so hard at this..."
"Classic mindfick"
"Single Ladies"
"All of them."
"Maybe parkour just isn't your thing..."
"Gravity Elevator"
"Dude... Watch what I can do"
"He's real!"
"He's real!"
"Trading items in DayZ"
"What the hell is this?? Penisses have become it's own creatures. Nsfw"
"On September 24  2011  over 2 200 paddlers showed up on the shores of the central Adirondack town of Inlet  New York (population  400) to set a new Guinness World Record."
"Neverending Nightmare"
"Done with finals  commence reddit overload"
"Trail of puppies"
"Well. That didn't go where I was expecting it to..."
"Honey Boo-Shakes"
"10 Commandments We Could All Live By"
"i can now accomplish anything!"
"I hope this doesn't catch on"
"I try to fits"
"Conga!"
"Today was my first day at my new job at Zales Jewelers! This is how I felt when I made my first sale."
"How I feel when I scroll back to upvote"
"Jewel Caterpillar"
"Milky Way/rainbow aurora...too much awesome"
"Whenever the link I click on Reddit is a facebook conversation..."
"When I visit a site and music starts playing"
"This pretty much sums up Woody Harrelson's AMA today."
"How I felt logging on to reddit and seeing all the 'faces of /atheism' posts"
"Whenever I walk in and my parents are in an argument"
"When I click on a link and see it's the Abe Simpson turn-around .gif"
"When I see the girl I like"
"My reaction when I show up to a reservation and the other person isn't there yet..."
"When my parents start talking to me about losing my virginity."
"When I walk in to Adult video store and see my dad there."
"Whenever I upvote something and realize I need to login."
"Walked in on my parents having sex"
"Where Tinkerbell's pixie dust comes from."
"Little to deep maybe? NSFW"
"Tried to do the DIY Bane mask"
"Um... Lol"
"My friend holding an adorable derp"
"My friend's black lab loves to be picked up."
"Redditor overdoses a stolen dog with anesthesia. All for the delicious karma."
"Honestly you guys never learn."
"WE GET IT!"
"Dr. Hedgeh isn't having a good time"
"Dr. Hedgh is not having a good time"
"I'm really grateful that my parents are helping me move to a new apartment. That being said..."
"How it often feels living with depression"
"And yet  I still do it."
"Currently Happening."
"Sums up Back to the Future"
"Facebook..."
"I don't know why I do this to myself..."
"My conscience talking to me as a bachelor."
"For those who may not like rap that much."
"How I Feel After 1 Week of Working for UPS"
"So I'm reading 50 shades of gray"
"Different topic  same response."
"An average night"
"When I'm about to post a funny comment and find out someone already said it."
"Mitt Romgnam Style"
"Romney Finds His Groove"
"Romney now using new means to appeal to younger voters:"
"Romney does know how to dance."
"TIL that there's a fish that eats crocodiles."
"I see your perfect fish teeth and raise you......well.......this!"
"I don't even know where to start..."
"I have never been curious about a gif but this one ...."
"The real Bad Luck Brian."
"Gay test"
"I freakin' love perfect looping gifs!!"
".... (Not my pic)"
"Mail's here!"
"Mail is here xpost from r/funny"
"Son was worried about my trip to the Serengeti so I sent him this pic"
"My cat on LSD"
"still one of my favorite gifs...credit to whoever did this!!"
"awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww"
"Some carved Crayons [that is all]"
"Searched for &quot;Sticky Blob Man&quot;. Fuck it... close enough."
"Seal trolling an unexpecting tourist..."
"How I feel on a Friday night."
"YEAH CANDY FUCK HIM UP MY NIGGA"
"F**k The Police [NSFW]"
"Police officer getting raped by his horse NSF(W)(L) probably"
"Forget the Danes and Canadians  Irish cops know how to party"
"lolwut"
"FUCK DA POLICE"
"A true fuck the police moment (Irish Cops)"
"This just popped up on my facebook wall"
"For Christ's sake  use the taser!!"
"Your argument is invalid"
"German soldier with a cat on his head while wearing a nightshirt  a helmet  boot  armed with a bayonet  and standing in front of a latrine."
"A picture of the Invasion of Normandy in 1944"
"The first time I tried masturbating"
"The first time I ever masturbated (SFW)"
"Words... they fail me"
"really now?"
"Avengers Gangnam Style"
"So comfy"
"My hero..."
"How i feel when someone posts the same .gif as me with a different caption and reels in the upvotes"
"Getting in to the game with Kinect"
"fun video game... i suppose"
"How I feel when people ask me where I find funny stuff"
"How to blow coke like a champ"
"I see your decomposed cougar....and raise you zombie deer."
"LPT: Create a snack bowl using the bag of chips"
"Well now that's just plain silly.."
"The internet confuses me..."
"Faith lost in internet"
"DON'T SLIP"
"If life was an M.M.O"
"Reddit."
"After a year as a Redditor I've completely mastered the skill of..."
"Hide me!"
"4 year old with bone cancer who lit the bat signal met Christian Bale."
"Remember that 4-year old with terminal bone cancer who lit the batsignal? The boy is now in remission  and Christian Bale flew him to Disneyland to meet him personally where they had lunch at Club 33."
"Remember Jayden  the little boy with leukemia who lot the Batsignal? He's in remission. And here he is with Christian Bale himself."
"As it's my birthday on Tuesday  I thought it'd be a good idea to book DKR tickets for that night. How I feel today:"
"Me  when I decided to rip my isolated earbuds out  and realized the removable end-pieces got stuck inside my ear."
"Thinking Back on the Steam Sales that I Decided Not to Pull the Trigger On..."
"I just farted in the steam room..."
"Michael J. Fox LIKE A BOSS"
"Its just what i DO."
"Sir Tupac I concur with your lyrical wisdom"
"Somebody I used to know(FIXED)."
"Hangover cat needs to get his shit together"
"I woke up after a night of drinking..."
"There goes my childhood..."
"If you get hit in the face by a plastic bag..."
"Ghetto Pingu"
"The Bat Face"
"Route 340."
"And When We Fall...."
"I don't have an iPod."
"iPod-You're doing it wrong....."
"This guy wants the best audio quality meanwhile he's cooking."
"Cat with initiative"
"Barely made it"
"Amazing Lion"
"When my friends force me out on a Friday night but I want to stay at home with my Internet"
"Kids Today"
"Everyone on reddit who is over 30"
"The ORIGINAL Overly Attached Girlfriend [FIXED]"
"Just an obstacle"
"He thought it was safe to cross the room..."
"The feeling of the down vote"
"this gave me the giggles"
"Ending an argument... (feat. Asian Clay Davis)"
"My retort when people yell at me about torrenting"
"This is an actual photograph of a star going supernova  taken by the Hubble Telescope"
"Chimps are Strong"
"fly kitty fly!"
"Cliffs of Dover"
"Kitty Smack Down"
"Damn you coordination"
"The Overly Attached Girlfriend that started it all"
"Dave Grohl"
"For this glorious cake day  I'd like to share my favorite quote from my favorite front man."
"Wild leopard rescued from a water reservoir tank by the Sukna Forest Rescue Team - Mahananda Wildlife Sanctuary  India"
"Wild leopard goes for a swim"
"How I look when my parents walk in on me masturbating."
"Reddit  you guys really love cats for some reason. Who am I to deny you?"
"Kitty Hug"
"Baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me  no more. What is Love!"
"Whenever I see one of those stupid &quot;Who else does this?&quot; posts on Facebook."
"Who hates badly edited gifs?"
"When someone asks me who tokes in my family..."
"Masturbatorium Level"
"Krakatoa from afar. (x/post from r/earthporn)"
"Eruption of Anak Krakatau"
"accidently googled &quot;nicholas&quot; cage and this is what came up..."
"Girl Nick Cage"
"When my gf tells me she needs to poop"
"What the actual fuck"
"Mmmmm Oreos"
"Anybody else in r/gaming miss this game?"
"No thought required for this mashup. [4:00]"
"Dog Gone Wild"
"Men's Washroom Usage Fee | 10c small penis / 2€ big"
"This is how you make money as a toilet lady (small= 10 cent  big = 2 euro)"
"Men's bathroom payment method in Germany: Small dick - 10 cents  big dick - 2 euros"
"German Sign: Usage of the toilet - small penis 10 cent  big penis 2 euros [SFW]"
"Pigeon’s Frustration"
"getting to the front page"
"I can do this  i can do this ..."
"Failure to Launch"
"This could take a while..."
"In Croatia  thought I was taking a picture of the Google Maps tricycle but it was actually taking a picture of me!"
"How I feel about reposts"
"Ah Justice."
"It's shit like this  Judicial Branch."
"My favorite book as an adult."
"Dear /r/politics..."
"How everyone feels about [fb] posts"
"Jesus take the wheel."
"When old men try to act cool...."
"Girl on the right don't give a fuck."
"Another one bites the dust"
"Might be a repost. But this little bastard makes me indescribably happy."
"Grammar is important  kids!"
"commas are important. possibly [nsfw] for drawn titties with tassles."
"As you can see  I am having a great Friday night..."
"Hello  is it me you're looking for?"
"Just a gif I stumbled across while working on one of the school's computers."
"Bacon"
"How I feel about the frontpage all week long."
"And so it begins..."
"So true"
"New Years Resolutions"
"Old. This is getting old already."
"Brace Yourselves"
"I work for a big company. When I see a &quot;Say Hello to new employee X&quot; email go out to everyone."
"As a manager at a theater tonight..."
"Brace Yourselves.."
"Everyone is going to want their karma"
"What is that rumble I hear in the distance?"
"Everyone's an expert in Samsung vs Apple"
"No Dawnguard for PS3?"
"Every year since 2004"
"Shitting bricks is illegal on mars."
"US-Mexico border"
"A line in the sand"
"Man can magically give people swag  must see."
"oh  we're showing off what our cities are famous for? welcome to worcester."
"After seeing the same stupid post upvoted to the front page again."
"It's been 1 year since I've joined this place. Cheers!"
"I want to see more 90's on Gifsound"
"Headed to battle."
"Why swim when you have your own shark tugboat?"
"Travel Photographer of the Year 2010 competition: winning entry. Picture by: James Morgan"
"I rode a bike to school... this boy rides a shark."
"How can you say no to face like this?"
"So  I saw this shirt the other day..."
"How I feel when Someone takes my turn in line."
"I just now figured this out."
"Beware the Child Eater!"
"I don't even know..."
"Does anyone remember Stretch Armstrong?"
"Look what I found in the garbage..."
"TIL that there are places where this is not common. I love it where I live."
"This cat is blind."
"Damn Human"
"Spot on."
"Well said  good Sir."
"Bertrand Russell"
"Smack [NSFW]"
"The anatomy of a dick slap"
"Realizing that laptop's brightness is low  then turning it up"
"Wasp Rage"
"Liked the movie better"
"Just made this  can think of an infinite number of scenarios for it"
"Whole...nuva  level."
"Why I don't go to live events very often"
"As an A-student  this is my response to final exams."
"Me when people tell me this is a repost."
"The Chuck Norris of birds"
"I wish I was this cool about it being my cake day"
"Oh what? It's my cakeday?"
"Come at me"
"A show about a detective with OCD  and this is how they design the box cover for the last season. [X-Post /r/Pics]"
"50 shades"
"Ah  just the book i was looking for"
"There's a special place in hell for people who do this"
"That's not what she said..."
"I've heard a lot about this..."
"Pop up fireworks!"
"Good news you have been healed by your family's prayers (x-post from r/funny)"
"how i feel when i downvote something on the front page"
"Yep  that's exactly how I feel about televised &quot;wrestling&quot; too."
"Me when my roommates are watching UFC in the middle of the night..."
"tastin' my momma's cookin'"
"This rat has a teddy bear friend!"
"I feel like r/aww needs more mice"
"If I fits I sits"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"When I Crush My Friend In Beer Pong"
"My roommate just left for the long weekend..."
"Carnivore? Chances are..."
"The difference between vegans and carnivores."
"How I feel about all these World Series posts on facebook:"
"Everytime I see a post tagged &quot;Hey Reddit am I doing this right?&quot;"
"Watching the opening ceremonies. Its great  but I have a little message to the announcers."
"no THIS is the worst tattoo I have seen in my life!"
"The Best Halo Map [Fixed][Fixed][FIXED]"
"Circle of Sparks"
"How I feel on Fridays."
"I work out."
"Please tell them all I was a good chicken"
"You know  just pre-work streching"
"One of the first memes that got me hooked on Reddit."
"For my cakeday  the post that got me into reddit."
"ITT we pretend to be redditors"
"Reddit Comment Template #5"
"Which one's named Dougie?"
"DO A BARREL ROLL!"
"Do A Barrel Roll!"
"The only way to play Dark Souls [gif]"
"UFC here I come"
"Stop  Drop  and Roll."
"The Sound of Bane"
"The hills!"
"XPost - Every damn time I read a rage comic these days."
"How I feel taking the bus with a ton of drunk students."
"Browsers run into each other"
"Yeah  sounds about right"
"Giraffe and squirrel"
"Safety Dancing?"
"Walking Buddy"
"Please Take Me For a Walk!!!"
"How I've felt since my girlfriend went home for spring break."
"He's ready to go when you are!"
"I'll just wait for you here."
"Say hi to Roger"
"Can we go for that walk now?"
"Oh deer."
"Battleshots anyone?"
"From where you'd rather be... North Shore  Oahu"
"Summer is coming to an End but I already miss it"
"highway to the danger zone."
"had to for a mircosoft friend"
"DRIVE"
"DRIVE [Fixed]"
"As a child from teh 80's  this is what I see when I look at the DRIVE gifsound from earlier."
"I've been driving all night  my hands wet on the wheel"
"The Lonely Road"
"Meeting of the greats"
"The classiest joke"
"Thought this might belong in here..."
"Its True"
"3 classy dudes"
"Drinks"
"Da fuck"
"You're welcome."
"When my finals are finally over."
"Nyan Art"
"Architectural Phallacy."
"Bathroom mirror pics are waaayyy too mainstream"
"I had to learn my dance moves somewhere..."
"Macarena Kombat"
"Saxguy Kombat"
"The Unsafety Dance"
"idiot"
"Don't bother me... I'm thinking..."
"the puss is fine. I promise"
"Here is a lamp being powered purely by the small electricity power in apples"
"Why superheroes arent online more often."
"Super Hero woes"
"Subtle Pick Up Line"
"Just a firefighter...Being Blown Outta Freaking House!!!!"
"Stand back guys  I got this."
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"The Pope Getting In Trouble . . ."
"Found this on craigslist... wtf"
"I FUCKING LOVE MY MORNING COFFEE!!!"
"I now want to be a Chem teacher..."
"Fuck off"
"can you hear me now !?!?"
"How I feel calling Verizon customer service"
"Can you hear me now!!"
"Fuck that bitch!"
"Archery with Link and Raven"
"Typo at it's best"
"Posting a funny at night"
"Tanuki... WOW"
"Let me organize this for you..."
"Anyone lose sleep because of this little addition?"
"Worth it for playing in the car at night as a kid."
"A consequence of war"
"Found on fb  thought I'd share. Is there any truth to this statement?"
"KFC Date Night"
"'Murica"
"Monkey Cage"
"Is there a Nic Cage Subreddit?"
"Everytime I try to be polite.."
"Oh jeffy"
"How I entered /r/WTF... (NSFW)"
"I have always envied gymnastics"
"Hurricanes Since 1851"
"I suppose I'd be jumpy too."
"Lincoln never could get over it"
"Honey! Its your turn to take out the trash!"
"Morning after Thanksgiving"
"How Twilight was written [FIXED]"
"A hijacker’s passport survived the inferno"
"A hijacker’s passport survived the inferno"
"When driving out of state and seeing my states licence plate."
"Here's a tough one: Spot the difference."
"Now THAT'S an ass."
"doesn't give a single fuck"
"It must've been an accident"
"Onward noble steed."
"I can show you the world"
"Can't. Stop. Laughing."
"See thru frog"
"aww"
"I will hug him and squish him and he shall be mine!!"
"All of my baby pictures"
"Whatever it takes to win"
"Hey Reddit  you won't believe who I ran into!"
"Bike race with Car"
"I'm so fresh..."
"Suave!"
"You're doing it wrong. Definitely wrong."
"He's got a better stroke than I do."
"What a difference 15 years can make.."
"I was browsing the interwebs  when I found this..."
"Why Luke  why?"
"Why Luke  why?"
"The Original Inception"
"Just threw together a Futurama gif and a song featured in an episode. Seemed to sync pretty well"
"Kisses"
"In regards to my gf posting about my stressful house and karma whoring."
"Captain optimistic vs. Pessimistic man"
"Gun  perv  cat."
"When I transfer into an engineering class"
"Walt Disney presents: Mission Impossible"
"So that's how they won the house cup."
"Someone Asked me to Describe what Reddit was like  while high... I showed them this"
"Hover cats"
"A Lannister always pays his debts."
"How I Feel After Getting Over 1000 Upvotes"
"Ghetto Swimming Pool (PIC)"
"Personal Swimming devices"
"At first I was like  &quot;awesome.&quot; And then I was like  ok  not so awesome.... but I might still try"
"Ghetto Pool."
"Ghetto Bathtub"
"....."
"The Deadly Sins by Kris Kuksi"
"Why Mario never did that?"
"Caught this on my Facebook feed.. seems legit."
"Zombie body painted hottie"
"Best game of hot potato"
"Abraham Hitchslapped"
"Atheism Talking Heads"
"How I feel when my submission reaches it's peak."
"How I feel when I get a single upvote on a new post"
"I noticed there are ponies in the Logo..."
"Paper Matrix"
"Red pill origami."
"&quot;I know origami.&quot; Show me."
"Found this gem saved away"
"Factory Fume  Leaf Art!"
"This isn't mine but he's so cut i just had to share him!"
"Walter's Lab"
"Even Kurt Cobain couldn't resist..."
"Kurt Cobain and a Kitty."
"Glasswinged butterfly"
"Rice Fields"
"Rice fields  China"
"&quot;It's okay baby  I want him to watch!&quot;"
"C'mon man!"
"Now that I've graduated..."
"I love this picture."
"The cat tolerates him ... if only for the massage."
"First time getting a professional massages."
"Knight of the Dark"
"Glamour puss"
"Ooooooh snap..."
"Fabulous."
"Head."
"That awkward moment when your dog doesn't look like a dog"
"What a cute puppy?"
"My friend just posted a picture of her new puppy. Can't unsee..."
"Another successful rocket launch by North Korea."
"N.Korea rocket launch sequence yesterday [SFW]"
"I hope that's a typo."
"So you're a fan of Just... WTF? NSFW"
"Nah  she's not with me. She's just my baby llama."
"I hate this feeling"
"This case mod is actually a Nintendo 64-based Hackintosh"
"This case mod is actually a Nintendo 64-based Hackintosh [cross post from r/gaming]"
"Albino squirrels are 1:3000. I don't even know the stats for this."
"Mind=Blown"
"Mind=Blown"
"Spin"
"Nice to meet you"
"Oh  hey real jesus"
"Feel like this every time I watch the news."
"Calvin...nailed it"
"Im off work 2 days a week  GF just tells me she's 2 days into Shark Week."
"Reddit should like this"
"Go outside and play."
"a compromise"
"Lake of Fire - Mount Nyiragongo  Congo"
"I mustache you a question..."
"Charlie Chaplin kitty"
"Cat with a mustache. No  seriously..."
"My friends response to all the recent MH news for us without nintendo consoles"
"May be a repost but  the it's the sweetest thing ever."
"Whenever I try to make someone flinch"
"Tell me this isn't true.. [PIC]"
"Dog"
"In Soviet Russia the dog walks you."
"Something That I can't give a title."
"The great white whale"
"I discovered reddit and This is what I found...."
"Just having some tea....AHHHHHHHHH"
"Nobody ever asks.. how's waldo?"
"How I Feel After Almost 3 Months In a Cast"
"Preview shots of the new Ninja Turtles movie."
"Hendrix"
"Everyone I know is getting married or pregnant."
"MFW I see more news feed of my friends getting engaged/married on Facebook..."
"she's a true Justin beiber fan."
"When my friend finds the erotica I used to write"
"Love this guy  but  Forever Alone King"
"The car stereo I wanted 10 years ago vs the one I want today"
"The sad truth of car radios."
"Have a wash and be inspired."
"While in shower today  I had a dream"
"Have a wash and be inspired!"
"I feel it"
"mfw I realize I'm drunk"
"Ya feel me?"
"When you drink something really cold and can feel it all the way down."
"Oh my god  that makes so much sense."
"Ever wonder how drinking beer can make you feel smarter?"
"So it would seem trees are evolving."
"Nick Cage"
"I've never been upset after looking at this comic"
"taken 2"
"Liam is not a fan"
"Hunter S. Thompson Preparing Johnny Depp for Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"
"Playing CoD: World at War"
"Most Talented Cats I've Ever Seen"
"Is that your girlfriend in the background?"
"Something's not right..."
"Yo Dawg  I heard u like rivers."
"The Magdeburg Water Bridge  River over a river"
"Whenever I enter my house..."
"&quot;Not bad...&quot;"
"What my new puppy must be thinking as I try to train him."
"Whenever I see someone using Bing on a TV show I think of this."
"This must be what they are doing in China"
"Do they have my fish too?"
"The American dream"
"Copy cat [gif]"
"Well done Sir..."
"My internal reaction when my boss leaves early on Friday and I have to stay a full day."
"Wut...."
"After the girl I like leaves my house..."
"There's even a rule 34 on water."
"WTF are you doing water?"
"I'll never look at water bottles the same way"
"Went to the Vet's Office Today. This is How We Were Greeted."
"O it's a cat  better upvote"
"Aww  man  I was napping here! Who turned the lights on?"
"Seduction level: Chocolate Syrup"
"Girls liked this... I can't see why."
"So when I first heard of Limbaugh from across the pond  I though you were talking about this guy."
"Mosquito Blasphemy."
"Reading the most offensive joke thread."
"How I feel whilst watching the Paralympics 2012"
"Whenever I see an atheist and theist argue"
"I just got to try that"
"Late to Class"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Every time"
"Why is everyone staring at me??"
"Oh wait.."
"How Reddit Ruins Me"
"This  unfortunately  describes me"
"My friend is king of SAPs"
"I get it now!"
"I get it now!(X-post /r/funny)"
"Did this remind you of Slenderman"
"Just found out I get to leave work early today!"
"I've never had a smart phone. My new iPhone 4s is in the mail"
"Dance Carlton Dance!"
"How I felt when her pregnancy test came out negative"
"Do tha stanky leg"
"First day of college and got the internet set up. now it's reddit time."
"How I feel leaving the office on a Friday"
"Time for reddit down GIF. Got all these pics while opening a reddit link."
"Multiple Rick Rolls"
"Illusion"
"Sunset in Africa"
"Mmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssenn hhhueeennn yaaaaa mama hisi buba..."
"Hipster Puppy."
"Hipster puppy. Facebook came through on this one."
"Smartest dog in the world!"
"Red Card?"
"I guess I never really thought of it this way..."
"video game maps compared"
"Biggest Douche In Gaming [Fixed]"
"How I feel when someone tells me to grab them a beer in my own house."
"Horse Jump Fail"
"War Horse"
"Playing CLOP"
"I have to go now. My planet needs me."
"My attempts at CLOP."
"Every time I attempt to play CLOP"
"no one invited me"
"Group Therapy...For Violent Criminals"
"Bitches gonna hate."
"Golf courses are getting serious about your balls"
"I told my friend I was sad and he sent me this."
"Shot of a lifetime on the 4th of July. Perfect timing!!"
"Shot of a lifetime (x-post from pics)"
"Stephen Hawking now endorsing Legos?"
"I need to do this."
"This. I live in Chicago and I want to do this."
"Creepiest Shit Ever [NSFW]"
"WTF"
"Animal Crossing"
"Baatara Gorge Waterfall  Tannourine  Lebanon"
"Beach Version of the Hover Round"
"Classy"
"Truly Inspirational."
"I present Batman fighting a great white with a lightsaber."
"Me Everyday."
"The Jesus Last Supper"
"The only version of the Last Supper I would like to believe in..."
"The one and only..."
"THEY'LL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE."
"Did anyone like nursery/ daycare"
"Exactly how I feel about work on Monday.."
"All ready for Fall!"
"decently intimidating.."
"hawk drinking some water.."
"So that's why I'm itchy every summer!"
"How I feel every Friday"
"When i get more than 10 upvotes"
"Satan enjoys his job"
"Indeed very satanic.. Bwahaha!"
"Was going to face swap  but just couldn't decide..."
"When everyone in the class says we didn't have homework when we did  and the one guys like.."
"Kitten with a milk bottle."
"it's almost caturday"
"This pussy just takes it so good."
"Dis is mine  u understand?"
"How to come out of your shell"
"Every fucking time..."
"Living in a rural area  this is my nightmare. [FIXED]"
"MFW: -Insert statement here-"
"Magikarp Monroe [x-post from /r/AdviceAnimals"
"fish issues"
"Do they do something weird after?"
"After the debate last night (x-post /funny)"
"You should've expected this."
"Anyone got a light?"
"Best face swap?"
"After countless letters and phone calls  my prayers have been asnswered!"
"So tasty."
"Forever Alone Pillow"
"How did the Hipster burn his tongue?"
"Hipster problems"
"Friend posted this on Instagram today."
"so hungry!"
"The next  &quot;Sent this to my mom when...&quot; Photo"
"Yaarrgghh MELON DROP!"
"Looking up Fallout pictures out of boredom when I stumbled on this"
"Odd dip in Steam users this morning..."
"The difference the 'flash sales' seem to make"
"Dafuq Steam?"
"Who Said Cats Dont Like Acid"
"Browsing r/spacedicks"
"When I'm in a pool and I swim through a suspiciously warm area."
"While I'm watching the London 2012 Olympics opening ceremony"
"Carl Winslow is amazed"
"Uhh... what?"
"Watch the blueball"
"You can stare at that for hours? Try this."
"I can't stop watching"
"Cannot unsee!"
"On second thought  I'll have the steak."
"I found a stone that looks like the smallest brick phone ever"
"I found a stone that looks like the smallest brick phone ever"
"Concept design for the Nokia 3310."
"do ah barrel roll  do ah barrel roll  do ah barrel roll"
"&quot;Right here guys. Let's do it.&quot;"
"For my cake day  here is my favorite gif. Sorry for the repost."
"Screw it  I'm going to sleep"
"When I try to walk my dog on a rainy day."
"My reaction to stubbing my toe."
"The scariest thing I've seen  today. . . It's a seemingly bottomless sinkhole in Guatemala."
"Upcoming trend in South America. Hopefully stays there."
"San Francisco in ruins  1906."
"San Francisco Earthquake - Panorama from kite."
"San Francisco in Ruins  1906"
"Walking an alligator  c. 1960."
"I work for a CNC router manufacturer. We needed to test a plasma steel cutter  I cut this! (Skyrim in Steel)"
"I work for a CNC milling manufacturer. Today I had to test a plasma cutting machine. I made this! (Skyrim in Steel) [fixed]"
"How i fell at eleven o'clock at night on my cake day when I realize i haven't posted or commented all day"
"This is how I do"
"O2's excellent customer service innit"
"Just how tiny and insignificant we are [pic]"
"Great Masses of the Universe"
"Relative size of planetary bodies"
"It's hard to get tired of this picture"
"your mom is so fat..."
"Kim Jong Meow looking at things"
"Hydro"
"boba fett with a message for you"
"oh shit.... OH FUCK!..... OHHHHHHH!!"
"Cellphones not just the apparent tumors I'm afraid of now ಠ_ಠ"
"Well  that's terrifying."
"What I feel like walking around the college I graduated from in 2000."
"Awh How Cute."
"MC Hammer's pants would be proud."
"We all do weird shit when no one is home"
"My masterpiece"
"Let me show you the dance of my people"
"I am sure this has been posted before  but it is the most hilarious gif I ever saw."
"[FIXED] I am to blame. I shot a rocket back"
"Story of Palestinians"
"I Always Wondered What Robert Downey Jr. Would Be Like As A Cat..."
"One of the best things the internet has given us"
"The amazing adventures of Robert Downey Jr."
"Robert Downy Jr Cat - so happy"
"How my classmates look when i open a new pack of gum."
"This is a haircut."
"A combination of Reddit's favourite things at the moment."
"Over-posted image: Now with 1000% more fire!"
"As someone in college I will do this"
"Really? Well thats a surprise."
"Overly attached insanity girlfriend"
"Overly Attached Gif"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend Spooky Eyes"
"LET ME OUT!"
"Yearbook Quote Level: Asian"
"Um  I'll stick with salt and pepper  thanks. (funny  WTF)"
"Do I dare try it... Naaa"
"Everytime"
"Oh right...cant eat humans"
"How to survive the zombie apocalypse..."
"How to wear pants properly."
"How I feel after upvoting a new post"
"Upvoting a post on r/new"
"Karma Chameleon"
"Wha.. this isn't a branch!"
"Almost there....FUCK"
"He does have a point though...(fixed)"
"When I make a funny face on skype"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Spaceghostspit.jpg"
"Seuss realities"
"What Dr. Seuss could have called them...."
"Oh the irony.."
"I'd totally use this cosplay [NSFW]"
"Why I don't like FB. Thanks newsfeed!"
"I don't even have words  I'm just..."
"So I was googling Halloween costume ideas..."
"NSFW Cow costume"
"Up high!"
"Think I just found Reddit in one picture."
"When life gives you lemons..."
"Shark attacks kitten."
"Meth before and after"
"Faces of Meth"
"This didn't get the credit it deserved on debate night (someone posted on fb)"
"What I need after venturing to /r/spacedicks"
"This is not a repost."
"Smurf Interpretation"
"Man vandalizes in London all for that sweet sweet karma."
"Dat Ass"
"Too lazy to check if this is a re-post  sorry if it is. HEADSHOT"
"possible re-post? too lazy to check. QualityEnforcer link HD... HEADSHOT"
"Dat Back"
"Not excited to see kangaroos."
"The story of how Paul Christoforo was hired"
"oh /b/..."
"Blue Skies"
"If you don't study"
"This is going in my classroom."
"Hes actually a pretty cool dude"
"My science teacher every time he tries to make something interesting."
"Al Capone [1600 x 1200]"
"Nightmarish Shy Guy"
"Anarchy in The UK"
"Anarchy in the UK"
"Did she died?"
"how it feels expecting free karma just because it is my cake day"
"What it felt like just missing my cake day."
"How I feel after all my unsuccessful cake day posts"
"Longboarding fail (x-post from r/funny)"
"The life [PIC]"
"Things Giraffes Hate"
"How I feel on a Friday night."
"Five pearls of Scottish wisdom"
"five pearls of Scottish wisdom"
"SHIT JUST GOT REAL"
"This episode of Sesame Street looks ballin"
"must be the west side of sesame street"
"He makes me feel a little sad"
"Cowboys  Tigers  and Bears."
"So i was talking to my friend the other day when"
"This made me chuckle"
"Any one know where this comes from  or what is going on here?"
"Fapping in the 80's"
"Fapping to the 90's [FIXED] [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Googled redditor...was not disappointed"
"This is all I see looking at all the &quot;worst tattoo&quot; posts over in /r/WTF"
"How I feel with Allergies during the Fall."
"fire.....BAD"
"Found this on my Fb feed..."
"pugs always look like they just recalled something they had forgotten to do."
"Religion and ethics"
"A Lesson that Christians  Muslims  and Atheists need to learn."
"A Lesson that Christians  Muslims  and Atheists need to learn.[FIXED]"
"TIL Tiny black man controles the Curiosity"
"What is this sorcery"
"O_O"
"Anymore like this? [gif]"
"I've made a collection of cool mindfucking 3D gifs for you guys. Enjoy."
"Are we finished with Halloween yet?"
"RBSP night launch"
"Hugs from behind!"
"I am Mrs. Nesbit"
"How Reddit functions."
"I have no idea why i had this in my documents folder"
"WTF mom?!?!?"
"Well  he's definately not the only one.."
"This kid and his iron..."
"No words needed."
"When my Friends and I see each other at a Party"
"How I feel as a parent when my 2 year old shits in her own toilet"
"and that’s how he ended up livin on the street."
"Just one cookie they said..."
"No bacon for this Narwhal..."
"Even these can be adorable"
"Found this little guy while searching for random images..."
"Beefy"
"Remember: At least twice a day."
"Twice a day!"
"When I realized that both Cadbury Mini Eggs and Hersheys Eggies exist  this happened..."
"It's 4:39pm Saturday in Australia - I am drunk...this is me on Reddit right now..."
"This always cracks me up.."
"How I think everybody feels about posting anything related to the Steam sale"
"This happens while drinking and looking at new posts"
"How I imagine people in r/aww"
"Russell Howard nails it"
"Because of its large size  the C-5 Galaxy must eat twice its bodyweight in smaller aircraft per week to maintain its active lifestyle."
"Owh my..."
"close encounter with a butt"
"This is what it feels like to be a Diablo 3 Beta Server."
"Thirsty Luke?"
"How I feel about my teammates in blink pick recently."
"In a hole in the ground there lived a... man?"
"A lot of people credit Bill Nye for teaching them science  but this guy was more fun for me."
"lol"
"Slow-mo shatter"
"I am a teacher. This was the staffroom after the last day of school today."
"finding out that reddit isnt blocked at school"
"Amazing close-up image of a human eye [PIC]"
"Hello my name is..."
"Forever alone level ALIEN"
"When I saw the iPhone 5.."
"How does this happen?!"
"the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"The Quick Brown Fox Jumps Over the Lazy Dog"
"It's safe to say that whoever came up with this illustration wasn't an engineer"
"Women's Rights"
"I paid off my student loans yesterday! Here I am out celebrating [FIXED]"
"I finally paid off my Student Loans today!! Here's a pic of me celebrating"
"This is my background [7]"
"wonder what flavor he is?"
"People lined up for black cat auditions with their cats in Hollywood  CA! Happy Friday the 13th!"
"Meow that's domestication"
"New self profile of Curiousity Rover on Mars"
"Adolescent Mars Curiosity Rover takes self-shot"
"Curiosity Posts Self-Pic"
"Curiosity Rover Posts a Self-Pic"
"Hi Res self shot of Mars rover Curiosity"
"&quot;God? You're an idiot.&quot;"
"&quot;God  you're an idiot.&quot; (cross post from r/atheism)"
"A message from God."
"Nope  I'd let the whole place burn down."
"The fire can wait!"
"what have i done...."
"In bed at 3am on Monday realizing i forgot to do my homework"
"When my Dad tells me he's building a $2000 computer just to read the news"
"A Satisfyingly Stripped Jaguar E-Type Engine"
"Attempting to break as much redditquette with one post as I can. Please don't downvite this. also  BREAKING! It's pic of a cat for karma posted to the wrong subreddit. Also upvote if you are a redditor  downvote only if you don't have an account"
"Rescued this little guy after someone threw him out of a space shuttle"
"What I imagine when I hear this song"
"Decided to google 'apple'  Was not disappointed"
"Amazing Apple Photography [OC]"
"I have some idea of what im doing"
"How I feel after making my first ever reddit post."
"This is a deaf boy hearing for the first time with the help of an earpiece."
"RUN MARS RUN!"
"They're screwed"
"Batman in a Lambo? I raise you Vader in an Atom."
"This is why we can't have nice things"
"Hello there."
"The Meep"
"A parody that we would all watch."
"It's a tough choice.."
"Ready the cannons!"
"Good old Rugrats"
"How I feel posting on Reddit sometimes"
"When people downvote my posts"
"Failing at something"
"Well I lasted two weeks into NoFapSeptember..."
"The hero GifSound deserves"
"Got all your girlfriends thinking that I'm The Batman"
"Historically hardcore"
"Teddy Roosevelt was such a man."
"True Gangster"
"Who's more of a man?"
"Greatest. Onion. Headline."
"Hyper-realistic pumpkin carving"
"The best thing since..."
"Can any photoshop wizards help? I would like the guy blowing bubbles (Me for those that are curious) turned black and white and put in place of the girl blowing planets. Would be much appreciated."
"Final boss"
"The power that's inside"
"Tired puppies gif"
"Puppy Dreams"
"Puppy Dreams (x-post r/cinemagraphs)"
"I can't wait for this trend to catch on"
"Badass break up idea"
"My spider sense is tingling..."
"That's not how you blow out a candle"
"Suspense building up"
"Don't we all love smashing things in Slow-mo?"
"Pretty awesome alternate Adventure Time art."
"Alternative art. 134 images"
"Alternative art  not all video games  but most are. [x-post form r/pics (my post)]"
"Bunk bed wizard"
"Bunk-Bed Wizard"
"bunk bed inception"
"Funny Sign"
"How I feel after I have sex without a condom."
"going to your ex girlfriends facebook"
"When my posts get nothing but downvotes."
"So I tried cutting my own hair today..."
"How I feel after shaving my balls."
"Accepting a friend on FB then seeing what they share..."
"How I feel when I try to finish off the milk in the carton and there is way more than I had expected"
"I NEED THAT!"
"I've been expecting you!"
"Damnit  ya got me."
"How to ride a motorcycle."
"HELLO FRIEND!"
"Halo every body....."
"Deadliest legs in film history"
"This fucking guy"
"Otter making silly faces on the glass"
"Wazzaaaaaaaap"
"Everytime I wake up in a friday morning!"
"Gengar  you jerk (Xpost from Pokemon)"
"It's super effective..."
"those eyes."
"My first attempt at a face swap."
"This protester is going around my FB feed."
"Blake Anderson fur sure"
"Hey there Grape! (Repost)"
"Wait for it..."
"Stephen Hawking before disease."
"Stephen Hawking at the ripe young age of 23"
"Can anyone recognize this genius? (1965)"
"How do you like your MOMS?"
"MILFs for Sale..."
"This is the weirdest thing to ever pop up on my news feed."
"&quot;Footshoes&quot;?"
"Don't judge a man until you've walked a mile in his feet. IN his feet. IN HIS FEET."
"Some people prefer to just wear feet"
"When I get to browse Reddit at work"
"If this isn't cute  I don't know what is."
"Browsing /r/ladyboners"
"This man just found out about the Supreme Court decision yesterday."
"Cake Day!"
"Is it just me who feels this way about every kitty post on Reddit?"
"how i feel when people post that .gif of Peter Dinklage clapping."
"How I look when everyone claps at the end of a movie"
"Me and my family after we watched Jeff Dunham for family movie night"
"Me for the rest of graduation when I found out we don't throw hats in the air like Americans do"
"Mac users this weekend with Black Messa out."
"WE RUN THIS SHIT!"
"We Run This Shit"
"What kind of goats?"
"My desktop background for may 21"
"&quot;I see no god up here&quot;"
"Words to remember spoken by the first cosmonaut--happy 78th to Yuri Gagarin"
"I think it's about time we had an accurate version of this."
"still my all time favorite wallpaper."
"Yuri Gagarin gets it."
"Suddenly...WTF!"
"Searched &quot;Unexplainable&quot; on google.. Found this.."
"Finally deciding to make my first post..."
"Canadian Problems"
"The smallest of baby turtles killed me with its cuteness"
"Don't eat me!"
"In nomine Patris  et Filii  et Spiritus Sancti."
"The Boondock Saints."
"The only two men on a mission from god the I care about [fixed]"
"Boondock Saints: And shepards we shall be!"
"What is this sorcery?"
"Floating cube trick"
"Some real life optical illusion."
"Look at me. I'm a cube. Look away. Look back at me. I'm not a cube."
"You have officially been mind fucked."
"Saw this in /r/gifs  thought here would be a nice home"
"Just doing my part when Reddit is bogged down on a Friday night."
"Whenever I Submit to Reddit"
"How I feel browsing /r/spacedicks"
"How I feel on r/spacedicks... (GIF)"
"I think this serves as a good representation of my DIY skills"
"I don't always act like a human  but when I do I'm damned cute."
"Awesome Dog"
"Not a cat  but the best dog ever"
"Yummy"
"Michelangelo's God is everywhere"
"Once you go black..."
"DE-NIED."
"Everytime a girl i'm hitting it off with  sees a better looking guy..."
"Buddhist monk and a tiger"
"Fuck anteaters  I'm a pangolin"
"I thought I saw those 2 before...."
"Took this when I was dog-sledding in Canada  his name is 'Echo'"
"Such is the extent of my note taking. [OC]"
"Sweet beats falling on deaf ears. [OC]"
"Sweet beats falling on deaf ears"
"How I learned about AdBlock Plus"
"This moose scares me"
"The cutest little kitten kisses"
"This is the underside of a cat."
"Ever wondered what they looked like from underneath? [pic] [sfw]"
"An extremely frustrating screen."
"What is the expression on the face of the guy in the lower corner? Is that fear? Defensiveness? Amusement?"
"[X-Post from SRSSucks]I found out why those feminists at the protest were AXEUALLY upset."
"Guy whips out cock in feminist parade [FIXED] [X-post /r/SRSsucks]"
"This guy whipped out his dong at a feminist pride walk. [Fixed  crosspost from r/SRSsucks]"
"This guy whipped out his dong at a feminist pride walk. (SFW) [fixed]"
"My new favorite twitter account"
"Can You Make It?"
"the frogman challenge gif"
"just the frogman challenge gif"
"impossibru!"
"Fire emergency procedures"
"Because I've seen a couple milky way pics  here's my favorite"
"Alabama is now Iran"
"The US economy is massive. So massive that the GDP of each of its 50 states compares is the same size of an entire other nation. California equals France. Indiana is Australia. Check out Russia!"
"GDPs of US States vs. Countries."
"Christian Bale is one committed actor"
"At work playing online when my boss walks by..."
"classic..."
"Cup of Duck"
"perfect"
"Just a hat"
"What about the children?"
"Roses are..."
"Life is beautiful"
"Friends are a lot like trees"
"Lana Del Gay.."
"oh you know  just Lana Del Rey being stylish as always"
"A picture of a dying star captured by NASA."
"NASA spots giant &quot;space eye&quot;"
"It fitz"
"Oh shit  they saw me!"
"Jack was not amused."
"still the funniest picture i've seen. still."
"Watch this pen disappear in 3..2..1.."
"Gudvangen  Norway is absolutely stunning"
"Just saying!"
"Lets not forget about the U.S. Military service dogs today."
"Did anybody else notice?"
"Some heroes have four paws."
"Four Legged Warriors (x-Post from /r/pics)[600x859]"
"how does the army name their dogs? 3rd on the left."
"Some four-legged heroes have odd names"
"Spongebob mistakes  this makes no sense but its absolutely hilarious"
"Always remember..."
"Unicorn curse can't be lifted."
"Getting a few upvotes rather than downvotes on a new post"
"Who says you can't be sexy and smart?"
"Humpback. [NSFW?]"
"My mate Nathan in &quot;Humpback&quot;"
":D"
"Pakistani truck art [x post from /Pakistan]"
"Look at all the colourful trucks I give...[Album]"
"I noticed something about Paul Ryan today..."
"This just makes Paul Ryan so easy to hate for me."
"Separated at birth? It's the eyes...and the fact they are both assholes."
"I knew I'd seen Paul Ryan before"
"Just saw this gem in the parking lot."
"what's better than a triceratops?"
"Well yeah  just behind the Lesothosaurus."
"Dinosaurs"
"Conan can see clearly now"
"This cracks me up EVERY time. Thanks for an amazing first year  Reddit."
"Thanks for not aborting me"
"You're welcome"
"Stupid fundies:"
"The hills are alive with the sound of music  with songs they have sung for a thousand years!"
"Good Ol' Mister Rogers."
"When my bosses want me to work overtime"
"Same to you  Mr. Rogers"
"How I feel about &quot;As an American&quot; and &quot;As an Englishmen&quot; posts"
"How I feel about my cake day when my real life cake day is a week away"
"Seeing all the &quot;It's Friday&quot; posts when I have to work a 12 hour shift on Saturday"
"You probably never thought that you'd ever see this."
"To the guy who outbid me on eBay at the last second"
"To all the fuckers who repost and make it to the front page."
"What I felt like when I drove all the way to work to find out we were closed due to weather and they didn't call me."
"So I went onto 9gag..."
"Every time I finish eating a meal at McDonald's"
"Water? Where we're going we don't NEED water!"
"100% Safe!"
"Brush Your Shoulders Off"
"No I would not like to join..."
"Well  there he is. Too bad I still don't know how to connect with him."
"Should only non-Juggalos join this network?"
"At this point  I just know I'm not in the right neighborhood."
"I dont feel comfortable talking to my neighbors anymore..."
"Was at the dark knight movie marathon last night  all i had was an ipod so in between movies I decided to see if anyone had any hotspots on their phone  this is what I found"
"Well there goes my hope in humanity."
"I made a connection today!"
"The new neighbor's wifi  I think we'll be friends."
"my house hasn't been raided yet"
"So true!"
"So much respect"
"This recession is really getting out of hand..."
"So we were horsing around in Chemistry today..."
"We were horsing around in Chemistry today."
"Oh you silly head"
"Won't you be my neighbor?"
"Such majestic creatures."
"Hope my kids are like this."
"Pfffffffffffftbtbtbtbt."
"Just some Beluga Whales having a good time"
"This creepy fucker is how I learned french."
"All GTA 5 screenshots as of 8/24 (x-post from r/GTA)"
"All GTA V screenshots as of 8/24 [x-post GTA]"
"What a Douche"
"My friend just got a new weiner dog."
"The World's Angriest-looking Cat"
"He's a grumpy kitty  yes he is!"
"Why... you worm! YOU DARE TO MOCK ME?"
"Surprisingly good advice."
"Real Life Merida"
"Now hold still and pose..."
"Arnold"
"Your Crazy Girlfriend"
"My favorite Christmas WTF."
"If the world was ruled by presents"
"Female Ezio Cosplay"
"No more kittys? Well heres a baby owl that stares into your soul."
"Reddit...this is a baby owl"
"Okay  one more time. THIS IS A FAKE OWL. FAKE."
"How I felt job hunting this year."
"My reaction to seeing Nick Offerman in Miss Congeniality 2."
"Cluck  cluck  cluck."
"Lost Woods Cuckoo"
"I can't stop staring at their eyes!"
"Gif ALL THE CELEBRITIES!"
"Trippy O_O"
"Reddit  I was bored today so I made this.."
"I will never make anything this cool"
"My Facebook friend made this amazing sandwich"
"I am not an angry bird  I am a sad bird..."
"im a sad bird"
"[mild spoiler] Watching Louie ep 13 Liz scene"
"Being a Hipster Before it was Cool"
"Before the internet"
"No Comments"
"Solves all our issues. Rock is king."
"Probably xpost  but come on. Think of all the people who haven't seen it. I can't get enough of it."
"What better way to say I'm sorry..."
"Subtle Gif"
"This is the coolest thing!"
"Kids--what dirty minds they have these days."
"Kids these days... Your penis IS a goat."
"A fine pizzeria restaurant somewhere in Finland"
"The short arm of the law"
"Hello Kitty exhaust tip"
"Flame War!!!"
"The sweetest thing I have ever read"
"Aww that's so swee- wait what?"
"How I felt depositing my tax return on a Friday."
"How I felt getting my first paycheck at my first real job"
"How I feel after I cash my checks."
"I guess the economy isn't so bad for everyone."
"This seemed fitting"
"Rich  Gurl by Ballin' Oates"
"How my girlfriend looks when I have morning wood"
"Ronaldo unsure of himself"
"How to avoid awkward silences"
"oh snap!!1"
"The most dangerous break dancing move of them all."
"well fuck  that hurt....."
"Excuse me Sir  have you seen three cats running by?"
"Excuse me Sir  have you seen three cats running by? [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Excuse me sir  which way did they go?"
"Thanks mate"
"EA and IGN"
"IGN"
"Working at the office today..."
"Went on Google+ today"
"Whenever I submit a pic to /r/funny"
"It's Friday  have a laugh"
"You wanna know where I got these scars?"
"Some people are very dedicated to what content they post to Reddit......."
"I FINALLY GOT SOMEONE! (this actually happened)"
"she said she was a stumble upon girl... challenge accepted/won"
"I was using my friends Spotify account  then I realized it updates the facebook feed."
"Who needs a spambot when you have friends like these!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson gets it."
"Hm. good point."
"It's quite possible that the Flash is my friend on Facebook"
"Epic Walking Dead thread from /b/ (xpost r/thewalkingdead)"
"Flippin' Like A Boss"
"He can't control his hunger"
"Go home dog you are drunk"
"stuff i learn in biology class!"
"A Big Boner"
"Me and the gang."
"How I feel being introduced to Odd Future"
"redditor gang banger"
"Some random lady started yelling at me about bullying some little kid"
"When someone has 20k+ tweets &amp; 10 followers."
"My reaction to Clint's empty chair stunt at the RNC."
"When my SO starts trying to explain her research topics for a subject I have no comprehension of."
"How I feel whenever I post on Reddit"
"Whenever I post anything on reddit (x-post from /r/funny)"
"How it feels browsing the new queue around here."
"How it feels browsing the new queue around here."
"I got a link to spaceclop..."
"Boom."
"Found this on my friends facebook  thought it belonged here"
"Let me tilt my head for a better view"
"If only..."
"How did this happen?"
"Why should they be happy?"
"How I feel when I am the only single person in my social circle"
"How I feel downvoting everything after a bad day."
"When I go to the toilet after trying to hold it in for nearly an hour"
"Siri and sweaters"
"Exam Time"
"&quot;Did you have trouble finishing it?&quot;"
"The exam"
"i fucking killed you and it feels good"
"Chuck Testa"
"In my quest for the front page  i've tried various ways. I'm not even sure this will work."
"I see the resemblance[FiXED]"
"Downvote Cat"
"My cat is so boring in comparison..."
"Euclid on the block."
"How I feel at the start of the school year."
"Jill told Mark to leave. Mark kicked ove Jill's favorite plant. This saddened Jill."
"Best typo ever [FIXED]"
"Some of you probably remember this  but for the rest  I present my favorite Steam Profile."
"Golden Monkeys  aren't they cute?"
"Just a portable couch..."
"I want."
"Well  shit."
"Why yes  actually"
"&quot;Quote from man stabbed&quot;"
"&quot;What are you gonna do  stab me?&quot;"
"&quot;What are you gonna do  stab me?&quot;"
"Well Damn.."
"Don't ask stupid questions"
"Oh yes  he did."
"Oh he just asked for it"
"&quot;What are you gonna do  stab me?&quot;"
"Possibly a repost. Still funny as hell."
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Sounds like he had it coming"
"Famous last words..."
"I like your glasses"
"The first PC game I remember playing"
"Caturday. That is all."
"The meaning of 'Nope' [x-post r/gaming]"
"This artist is too flattering."
"I'm a bit of an artist  would you like me to sketch you?"
"Can't tell if excited or murderous."
"According to the ultrasound..."
"How I feel after finishing my last essay for my last class of my senior year of college"
"How to get hit by a car like a boss."
"Shhhh...Otter Sleeping"
"Its going down at the dance tonight"
"PSY - Gangnam style (album)"
"This Happens Every 60 Seconds On The Internet"
"Sorrento  Italy"
"Am I doing it right?"
"How about a nice  warm cup of shut the fuck up?"
"YOU CANT BREAK MY HEART"
"Seek and Destroy"
"Nope nope nope"
"Oh cool! Someone has a pet grasshopper in a bucke--- Ahh! Wtf?"
"When my boss tells me I can leave early [FIXED]"
"Just a dancing cat"
"Waking up to a post I made last night now on the front page"
"One of my favorite strips from an always funny comic."
"Please tell me this is not real. (NSFW)"
"Probably fake. Still felt bad for laughing."
"Bowling ball Headshot"
"Failed juggle."
"Tetris-chuting."
"Tetris-chuting."
"When my girlfriend asks for my advice and messes up since she doesn't listen anyway"
"When no one believed I was right until they looked it up"
"I see you're a gangster"
"Every time I go to the &quot;black&quot; part of my town"
"Whenever I try to talk to black kids at school."
"I see your Walken in a Winter Wonderland and raise you..."
"My New Wallpaper"
"Yoga dog peeing"
"Well as long as there is room for vodka"
"It's Friday!!"
"It's Friday!![Fixed]"
"Hey  check out my new tattoo!"
"Honestly though  if you have this  you're probably not gonna use it..."
"Judas stop"
"Do I smell watermelon"
"What really happens when I go mining.."
"Just converted my beta 1.3 world to the new 1.3  some freaky stuff happened to my armor slots....."
"A perfect fit"
"Passing smoke"
"Here  lemmie just rub your neck."
"This was in something I posted to f7u12  and judging by the comments  it would do well here"
"Student gets dropped call"
"Anyone remember how badass this show used to be..."
"The son did not come to be served but to serve..."
"Cracker Ass"
"Nigga Please!!!"
"Ow my sides..."
"Every Time I Message a Girl I Like"
"Perhaps the most amazing picture ever taken. (Tip: Look between the fireworks and the lightning.)"
"The greatest picture ever taken  notice the comet in between the lightning and the fireworks."
"Someone drew a really shitty T1000"
"The Bathroom Terminator"
"Cool pic from &quot;The Empire Strikes back&quot;"
"Luke's death defying leap in Cloud City..."
"Just juggling..."
"worst babysitter ever"
"How I feel after getting a PM saying  &quot;Fuck you  I'm downvoting all your posts and taking all your karma.&quot;"
"This is how I feel about the Olympics."
"You've changed me  reddit. You're all assholes."
"FIFA vs PES"
"PES 13 servers empty? This could be a reason"
"Fifa Vs PES in sales...."
"FIFA 13 vs PES 2013 - this sums it up quite nicely"
"Fifa 13 - great success.. PES  not so much."
"He had a long day."
"Dumbledore gets gas"
"I silently snickered for five whole minutes."
"Flying brooms my ass."
"Last Thing You Want to See Under the Water"
"Omnomnom"
"Aqua Tiger"
"He must really love her"
"So.. This belongs here.. (NSFW)"
"What did i just see?"
"What..."
"Some kind of... dog man fucking wall?"
"There are some pretty weird movies out there."
"My reaction when I stumbled into /r/popping."
"You're calling this food  human?"
"Indian Crime Stopper"
"I don't have a clever title  but this is really cool."
"Whenever life gets you down  Mrs. Brown."
"A gif of Grumpy Cat enjoying affection"
"This is a hairless bear....do NOT fuck with bears"
"Hairless Bear. DO NOT WANT"
"Hairless Bear"
"This is a bear"
"Some Serious Business Advice"
"Taco emergency"
"See the universe with different eyes"
"How i feel when people post pictures of their cute animals."
"Photoshop win"
"Unfortunate lift fail. That's going to hurt for a few days."
"Every time I try and bring all the grocery's in at once"
"How I felt the first time failing as husband trying to bring up ALL the groceries."
"Been growing this little guy in my tub for a couple years."
"A 3D Street Painting of The Dark Knight Rises"
"Why thanks internet lady"
"Should be permanently on the frontpage of reddit"
"How I feel unsubscribing to r/wtf and having a more viewer friendly front page."
"this really sums up the tone  and the stakes  of this election.... taken as both men cross each others paths after the debate ends and they've shaken hands."
"They really do exist!!"
"Some fashion trends are destined to fail"
"Is this a boy or a girl?"
"It's simple"
"I hate horror games  but thought I should try one in case my tastes changed  so I chose Amnesia. Never. Again."
"Decided to see what all this /r/spacedicks talk was about."
"Working in retail  this is how I react when I hear the word &quot;inventory&quot; [x-post from /r/funny]"
"Working in retail  this is how I react when I hear the word &quot;inventory&quot;"
"Trippin' balls"
"I need to get me one of these"
"That Sick Bastard"
"I would gladly pay to see this"
"My reaction to terrible facebook memes"
"how I feel when I post something I didn't know was a repost and get hate for it..."
"Just New York's Manhattan"
"Jack and Jill"
"Swansoble"
"100% people exposed to water die  some day ! funny water facts"
"Water"
"Missed the view."
"A Definition of &quot;Proud&quot; - English Made Funny"
"Both reactions get me..."
"This knee is your knee. This knee is my knee."
"Gotta love japan"
"Skater of the year..?"
"Liu Kang vs. Skater"
"Not just a regular skateboard fail..."
"Kitty asking for some affection"
"Polite cat wants attention"
"When I try to get my best friend's attention."
"Hey  excuse me... can you just... yeah  that's it... [gif]"
"Hey  excuse me... can you just... yeah  that's it..."
"Bunny and Turtle"
"The fastest ride ever"
"Unlikely friends"
"Kevin never fails to disappoint me."
"Just chillin'"
"The most frustrating thing you will ever see."
"How I feel after coming home from a week at the beach."
"After waiting 6 months to get into the D3 beta and finally playing and beating Leoric."
"How I feel after being away from the internet for a week"
"How I felt after watching all of season 4 of Breaking Bad in a span of 3 days (Now I can finally watch season 5!!!)"
"Just got back home from a week of camping with my family and having no phone or computer use"
"Recognizing someone you know on r/gonewild (FIXED)"
"Reddit after getting both Obama and Ron Swanson to do ama's in the same week."
"Doing my part to fight breast cancer via Pornhub"
"I had an intestinal flu last week. Now my friends won't stop sending me things like this..."
"How I imagine Gavin now"
"My good sir"
"The best meme"
"When I'm the only one alive on my team"
"I don't even... [X-Post from r/woahdude]"
"Old beetle car sink into the floor"
"My next what?"
"She's got the look!!"
"How could someone let this happen to their dog?"
"Just went and sat down with a group of people I didn't know chilling in the hall of my dorm. This was their reaction."
"A brief history of the world told by tree rings."
"I think he's enjoying it"
"This dog loves to go on car rides!"
"Everytime I start dancing breaks"
"Kangaroo troll"
"DGAF lvl: Cat"
"After watching &quot;Food  Inc &quot; this is how I feel about fast food...and most of what's in my fridge."
"me(techsupport): &quot;go ahead and open up an internet browser.&quot; client: &quot;alright  lemme just fire up AOL.&quot;"
"Visited 9gag for the first time last night."
"The difference between OK and jail time."
"We are Gods porn."
"No Shoulder Driving"
"Satisfaction"
"That guy trying to pass everyone on the shoulder gets his.(x/post from /r/satisfaction)"
"PEEK-A-POO"
"when i think i've posted something funny on reddit"
"For my Cake Day  one of my favorites..."
"It looks like this lady had a crappy day."
"When I'm playing PC Games..."
"Koala can't believe it[FIXED]"
"That awkward moment when you sodomize your sink..."
"The most interesting bathroom sinks in the world..."
"Are you guys gonna pass the blunt?"
"Krsh  Houston..."
"Krsh. Housten we have a problem. Breaker breaker."
"Tempting..."
"Let me in  I'm a fairy."
"Kiss (by artist Tsang Cheung Shing)"
"Sculptor w/ mad skillz."
"Coffee spill=Art"
"Amazing clay artwork"
"For you coffee lovers."
"Racist camera (x-post from /imgoingtohellforthis)"
"Dis some blink....."
"It just needed this little extra in my opinion."
"When someone asks me to do something for them on my lunch break"
"How FPS games are made."
"how fps games are made...genius"
"Every first person shooter"
"How I picture Reddit during OAG's AMA"
"Referee win."
"I feel like this is pretty universal for most artists."
"Cat sleeping with her little ducks"
"Cat with her ducklings."
"This should answer your question."
"So. Yeah."
"Eski boi."
"meanwhile  at halftime..."
"Every Time I Attempt to Gain Karma"
"How I feel missing out on my cake day karma..."
"Almost..."
"Almost..."
"When ever I try to submit to a large sub-reddit"
"♪Think about it every night and day  just spread my wings and ♪..."
"*Update* Fat guy: 2 Gravity: 2"
"Every time I think one of my posts will make it to the front page."
"Nope."
"That's it Gaza....no more Mr Nice Guy!!"
"This dog upvotes itself"
"its the future i can see"
"My dog tree finally started to grow"
"Their tree dog started to grow"
"Woah  never realized this"
"Human is powerless against this shield"
"A man trying to fuck up a sign rage comic style"
"Almost there..."
"When you accidentally post a meme to r/funny"
"No  you come right-the-fuck back  speed. Stop toying with me."
"This is the result of only the past 2 days of the Steam sale."
"I wish this was my steady rate..."
"Same thing goes when a friend cuts you"
"Same thing goes when a friend cuts you"
"Oh Siri  you feisty minx!"
"This is what happens when you set Apple's Siri to &quot;American English&quot; mode."
"Just messing around with Siri  when..."
"call me maybe"
"Oh Siri  you filthy thing...."
"Dicking around with Siri  pun intended"
"Siri wants to fuck.."
"Wasn't expecting this reply from Siri..."
"Siri zoned..."
"Who did?"
"Oh  you!"
"Finally found a friend.."
"Stay classy Siri"
"I hate yo... Wait what?"
"I don't know what I would do without you"
"This is how I feel about those European roundabouts sometimes"
"'Murica [FIXED]"
"It's been a year since the East Coast Earthquake. We promised we'd never forget."
"50 shades of Granger"
"50 shades of Granger"
"50 shades of Granger"
"50 shades of Granger"
"One of my 4th graders showed me this  thought you guys would like it"
"One of my 4th graders showed me this  thought you guys would like it"
"Balls of ste....no balls of diamonds!"
"Can someone tell me where this is from?"
"Dinner?"
"Oh children..."
"Oh good  I was getting hungry..."
"It's Dinner Time!"
"Dinner Time"
"It's Dinner Time!"
"DINNER TIME!!!!"
"&quot;Yes father&quot;"
"Whenever my dad made food while drunk"
"Dinner Time"
"I'm legitimately concerned for these kids"
"It's Dinnertime."
"Dinner Time"
"Dinner Time"
"Was talking to my friends  thought I was sending this to them. Put it in the wrong chat; with the girl I hooked up with last weekend. Oh god."
"I am so confused"
"How I feel when.........damn it  I cant think of any way this can be relatable."
"Well  no sleep tonight."
"Oh yes."
"So Hungry"
"How I feel when I get all of my homework done before the weekend"
"I know I'm not a Student of Art  and I know it's hack to make fun of this stuff. But seriously  people. SERIOUSLY? [FIXED]"
"I'm not going to bite you..."
"Cats in Cups"
"Frankie Burns a dude"
"Party like its 1995! Windows 8 has arrived"
"New Zealand 2011"
"Not sure if repost....Funny nontheless."
"How I picture trolls waiting for a response to their mischief (x /r/gifs)"
"As a new redditor  how it feels to get an upvote..."
"I just discovered this by a happy accident"
"Hans Landa loves him some Deadmau5"
"Just found out that Tony Hawk is doing an AMA on my birthday..."
"Insect Spy Drone"
":)"
"Found this gem on FB"
"Worst one of these I've seen"
"Gimme fue!"
"Fuck the police"
"It's a trap! (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"It's a Trap!!"
"Kitten vs. Pillow"
"Base jumping in Yosemite"
"Obstacle Course [gif]"
"Obstacle Course"
"Every subreddit I read"
"What to put here...."
"I for one welcome our new monstrous overlords. (Seriously what is that thing?)"
"Me trying disable the cell phone alarm clock when it goes off accidentally in class"
"How I feel trying to cheer up my GF"
"When a post on r/atheism makes me realize I forgot to log in..."
"My face when I'm browsing /r/terriblefacebookmemes/"
"How black people must feel about /r/WTF right now."
"Nando's humour"
"I've mastered your earthly sport. Now I must go  my people need me."
"I've mastered your earthly sport. Now I must go  my people need me."
"It is RIDICULOUS what kind of air this thing is getting. [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"I've mastered your earthly sport. Now I must go  my people need me."
"Checkmate Physics"
"Wish my girlfriend would do this to me"
"A card my Uncle sent me for my birthday"
"Israeli PM Netanyahu held a presentation in the UN yesterday"
"How I feel when ever I washed my car and I see a bird looking at me."
"They're rats with wings"
"This is just terrible... [gif]"
"This is just terrible [FIXED]"
"When Call Me Maybe comes on the radio"
"Work It"
"Do My Dance"
"Feel this is appropriate..."
"Thanks for reminding me...."
"The truth hurts"
"Yes this is Chihuahua."
"He broke his one rule"
"I love messing with the names of diseases in plague inc."
"I think this is pretty funny"
"Romnesia has eradicated humanity"
"Be careful in voting day"
"Wait..... what?"
"I feel so evil right now. Took 3-4hrs to complete in brutal."
"So I'm doing quite good on the Plague Inc. app.."
"Plague Inc."
"Angry Bin"
"What the actual f*ck?"
"I'm looking for Jesus Christ."
"I'll be back."
"'dat ass!!!"
"Mitt Romney with baboon ass on face."
"Mitt Romney's Theme Song"
"/r/politics [spam filtered] Mitt Romney's Theme Song"
"Creep-a-chu"
"Creep-a-chu [X-post from /r/funny]"
"Another reason I hate clowns!"
"let's call Metal Goat  and see if he wants to go see some Metal."
"Open mic night."
"My reaction when the gossipy whiny bitch at work wants me to trade shifts with her."
"Getting downvoted to hell"
"OMG!"
"That's right... Screw you Madagascar! [Plague Inc. now on Android]"
"Started out as a joke  but it actually makes sense."
"Plague Inc on religion"
"As I Near the End of Finals Week..."
"How I feel when redditors comment on how offensive I am"
"Fucks given: -20"
"I'm gonna be using this in facebook *SO* much"
"I never leave my house without it."
"There's no shortage of straws on this Capri Sun"
"How does this happen?"
"How does this even happen?"
":)"
"The resemblance is strong"
"Puppies!"
"I don't know what to think of this..."
"I... I dont... Wha?"
"Wat."
"Cool animation!"
"When I randomly get a boner"
"just a normal reindeer"
"Well that took an unexpected turn..."
"An acid trip."
"Christmas in August"
"I don`t get it 0_0"
"How I feel on my cake day."
"Christmas is drawing near"
"What a Dubstep bass drop looks like."
"Behold My Final Form"
"Reverse karma troll monster dinosaur dubstep."
"ducklings"
"ducklings"
"Drake's Passage  Antarctica"
"The things I find on Facebook...."
"Smokers"
"It's easy to quit smoking.."
"Winning Cat"
"fuck you rich people.......fuck you"
"Another clever business card!"
"Divorce Lawyer"
"How i feel after missing my cakeday"
"Once in a blue moon [3283 x 2022][OC]"
"Whenever I hear &quot;live life like every second is your last&quot;  this is what I picture."
"When dropped  the bottom of a slinky will hover motionless until the top reaches it. [5]"
"Physics in action"
"When I have to take a cold shower"
"THX slinky"
"Dropping a slinky"
"Slow motion slinky drop"
"When you drop a slinky  the bottom will float in the air until the bottom reaches it. [X-post from r/woahdude]"
"I just finished high school and realized I never had a date."
"Way more that &quot;Just some dudes&quot; playing with puppets. These men have helped billions of kids to read across the globe."
"Happy 75th  Jim. We still miss you."
"Finally  we can open up pizza shops in North Korea!"
"North Korea reverses stance on pizza"
"Get the hell out of my puddle"
"Just when I thought I was out.. They pull me back in"
"The more things change  the more they stay the same"
"how i feel drinking capri sun"
"Down with the JPGeoisie!"
"Crystal Cave  under Skaftafell Glacier  Iceland"
"A natural ice cave"
"Crystal Ice Cavern in Iceland"
"Green ranger rules!!! (couldn't think of anything else and I didn't want to put the same thing twice sooo)"
"Aaaaand mother of the year award goes to..."
"Just Michelle Jenneke"
"Quite possibly the best gif of all time."
"A kid's first day on the Internet."
"First Day on the Internet Kid"
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts...(Fixed)"
"How I felt after reaching 100 karma"
"How I view everyone who posts obvious TIL posts"
"When an ex calls you while you're asleep and you drowsily answer the phone."
"How I feel after dodging three rounds of layoffs at my company"
"Puppy love!"
"Little rascals kissing..or appear to be."
"Imma bite yo nose off"
"Worst feeling in the world"
"Sleeping in the same bed as a girl friend who isn't my girlfriend."
"Fushion Dance!"
"reddit's response to my cakeday posts thus far"
"Elephant on a trampoline"
"trampoline testing facility"
"Jumping elephant..."
"Your argument is irrelephant."
"Good Evening...Have a tiny elephant on a trampoline"
"best elephant gif EVER."
"This scares me for some reason"
"Buzz Lightyear stars as Butt Tightrear..."
"To infinity and behind!"
"Best friends"
"&quot;yes im karma whore. wadda fight about it&quot;"
"no hooking anytime..."
"Origin: A Meme Story"
"The Big Meowski"
"23 is pretty old."
"I probably can't see Dark Knight Rises until monday the 30th. This is me right now."
"Whenever I close out of reddit accidentally and I am 11 pages deep"
"What r/homestuck seems like because I am still in act 5"
"Unbroken Seal to a Room within King Tut's Tomb"
"whenever girls in my newsfeed complain about boys."
"As requested: welcome to Reddit."
"What happens to most posts on reddit (not what you think) [x-post from Funny]"
"Will I ever click on the links to youtube in the comments?"
"Boss asked me to work late today"
"When Amnesia: The Dark Descent told me to play in a dark room with headphones on..."
"Whenever I see a gruesome gory description to a NSFW link"
"When my ex tries to add me on facebook"
"How I felt when my parents called it &quot;The Black Night&quot;"
"How I react when someone asks if I fap..."
"How I reacted when I found out my girlfriend is a One Directioner"
"&quot;restarting in 14 min  37 sec&quot;"
"Many people were up in arms over this clinic's name"
"The most beautiful horse in the world  in Turkey."
"Borrowed my dads computer to visit reddit  found out my dad had visited ''Redtube interracial gangbang''"
"Never Forget."
"My friend just forwarded this picture to me."
"How I react when I accidentally put Fox News on"
"Here's a funny picture."
"All you need is love..."
".. It's made of what?"
"No stopping"
"Banksy redone as a gif"
"Just a photo of Queen Elizabeth II firing a machine gun"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing a SA80 rifle"
"I had ideas for greats posts for reddit.. then the very next day  I saw posts with the same exact idea on the front page... 3 times this week. I give up! This is how I feel:"
"Daily dosage of dinosaur jesus"
"How i feel browsing new of r/funny"
"This is me when someone tells me about how much sex they're getting."
"My reaction when I see someone make the front page with something I submitted a month ago."
"Being called Luke and born today  this is how I feel when people say &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot;."
"This is how I feel talking to the coworker I dislike..."
"Every time I see an overly attached girlfriend post"
"As a believer in science  this is how I feel when Christians reject all scientific evidence for the universe and try to convince me that God did it all in 7 days"
"When I see a post on the front page that I downvoted in /new."
"When I proven my wife wrong but she still thinks shes right."
"A little zelda tribute."
"Pokemon?"
"angry bird"
"So  this snake was discovered in Brazil. NSFW?"
"Trouser snake indeed..."
"made me sick."
"A brief history of space &amp; duckface"
"The Original Duckface"
"Elephant Dog"
"How to get free games from Gamestop"
"Table Flip (xpost from r/magictg)"
"I found the ultimate table flip!"
"Makes sense"
"Guys. I swear that shits true. No bullshit.... It waaazz crasazay mutha fuckin walked on wAter"
"Computer Security"
"I have a hard time understanding snuggies  but THIS?"
"Do what you love"
"Dance! Dance!"
"Total bliss..."
"Dance like no one is watching"
"Dance off!"
"If I recall my history correctly  this is the final boss America had to fight in World War II."
"best video game I have ever played  hands down"
"I went to a conference today and one of the presenters had this as his desktop image and I thought reddit would like it."
"&quot;Tabby Tote&quot; Cat Carrier"
"christmas present for my cat this year"
"She's a keeper"
"Say something  Bitch!"
"Metal Pizza"
"I have never seen a better way to sell pizza. I would buy it on principle alone."
"\m/"
"What the actual fuck. I don't even..."
"Really dedicated to his halloween costume"
"Guy gets face from a dog. (Possibly NSFW)"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Sad Texas Rangers Fan"
"The Saddest Rangers Fan..."
"The Saddest Rangers Fan..."
"Bitches 'ain't shit"
"the art of trolling"
"The best concealed weapons in the world... as seen by trolls."
"How to disguise weapons"
"I've Accepted This is Going to be the Only Trophy I'll Ever Get [Fixed]"
"The only thing in my trophy case... [FIXED]"
"Thanks for reminding me  Reddit."
"Thank you for reminding me of my shortcomings  Reddit..."
"Not Fat  Just Wrinkly"
"He's so CUTE"
"[Repost] Good Guy EA supporting the gay movement"
"made me laugh"
"found this while stumbling  all i can say is wtf."
"Spideronaldo-man"
"Soccer"
"Bloody Hell (x-post from /r/linkable)"
"This is what I want to do to the next person that makes a racist joke."
"Dogs down the street from me hugging"
"It's about to get poopy"
"&quot;It's about to get Poopy!&quot;"
"Let's poop fun shapes!"
"What.....I mean......Why?........i want one"
"Simply insert tube into your...WTF?!?! NSFW"
"Obama/Romney Battle"
"Obama/Romney battle"
"Is pinky out proper etiquette?"
"DAT moment"
"&quot;It's the point during the sexual experience when a man is about to orgasm  and he makes likes someone put a spoonful of vinegar up to his nose&quot; (first post)"
"By far the scariest game ever made. [fixed]"
"When I googled brawny man..."
"My reaction to when there was a fire alarm in the middle of my school's bake sale."
"there goes my childhood"
"Could be a sequel? Sex Toy Story?"
"XPost from r/gifs"
"stophittingyourself stophittingyourself stophittingyourself stophittingyourself stophittingyourself"
"Restless leg syndrome"
"The cat's thought process: Time to lick the balls  shit  something's licking my balls... KICK THEM IN THE FACE! OMG SOMETHING'S KICKING ME IN THE FACE! BITE!"
"Stop hitting yourself"
"When I try to post for Karma"
"Attack . . attack . .ATTACK . .. ow  oh  wait . . .ow."
"My socks never judge me"
"Fresh Prince of Rage Valley"
"The Fresh Prince of Rage Valley (by someone else - x-post from /r/gifsound)"
"Not Exactly Will..."
"Religious Logic."
"Vampire Kitty"
"Bat Kitty"
"Friday the 13th Cat"
"Bat Kitten"
"Batcat"
"He wanted to be batman for halloween"
"Nick Nolte riding a bumper car."
"Props."
"SKELETOR"
"After several surprises in our toilets  this was put up in my dorm's bathroom"
"My favorite 360 game  alright!"
"There's enough Metal in this pic to rebuild the Twin Towers"
"Side effects of drinking too much coffee"
"I feel  sometimes the walls move..."
"my face upon the discovery of r/popping"
"When I Realize The Dishcloth My Mom Just Had Is My Used Fap Rag"
"What I feel like doing as a redditor of a 11 months finally mustering up the courage to go on r/spacedicks"
"After clicking on my last /r/wtf post this was my reaction. Im sorry leaving /wtf. Shits too heavy."
"Wut"
"To the few people who downvoted my popular post"
"It Finally  Actually Happened."
"It finally happened!"
"I want to change jobs.."
"Barn Owls"
"Bizarre Eiffel Tower"
"If the Eiffel Tower was a Flower..."
"Cocain Bear"
"Squirrelem Dafoe"
"There was a fire fight!"
"How nurse joys were made"
"SEYMOUR!"
"Seymour takes the rap again."
"Setting a new standard in manly bathing"
"He's been working on his roar: Wallpaper"
"I win this time  /r/wtf"
"Love the asterisk !!"
"A cat is stiff when a lobster clip is involved"
"Amazing long exposure photos (from internet)"
"How their battles actually took place."
"Spin The Box Right Round"
"Every time someone tries to force me into something"
"The cutest photobomb I've ever seen!"
"seal photo bomb"
"gets me everytime"
"Goldblum  in full"
"paint me like one of your french girls"
"This belongs here"
"Pretty sure that fish had a seizure..."
"how i feel after finishing my last hw assignment of the semester"
"when my friend complains about girls at bars"
"Dog Lightyear"
"The beginning of something wonderful..."
"The Carbon Footprint of Reddit"
"Can someone please make an upvote gif out of this?"
"Playing with the kids"
"Pure joy"
"I googled &quot;best picture ever&quot; and this came up. Yep  that's fairly accurate."
"David Hasselhoff and Gary Coleman"
"Today i passed a place called Snape Hill  saw a sign for a bongo show that had lost it's second 'O' and a tantruming child hit in the head with someones shoe thrown from a nearby ride  i was too busy enjoying them to take pictures  here is a photo of Gary Coleman and The Hoff instead."
"On the set of Knight Rider......."
"Just a baby otter. [gif]"
"...wut..."
"Excellent."
"When Porn Stars go bad."
"How men feel browsing r/gonewild"
"Dew and the Dragonfly"
"These are by far the most adorable creatures in gaming's history."
"Pillow Fight. [FB]"
"I think my friends list needs some work done..."
"dog's butthole looks like jesus christ"
"My math teacher just posted a picture of his dog saying it looks like Jesus"
"Vatican is still shivering"
"How do you organize a space party? (from the maker of Bison and Investigator)"
"Fruit stand."
"You rock!"
"You have to see this."
"how retirement works...."
"Spongebob is one of us."
"Just Jew it."
"Caffeine Crystal"
"So this happened."
"Terry Crews"
"I find this very sympathetic and wish I could be as free from preconceived notions myself (x-post from r/atheism)"
"Cats - They will never hate you because of your religion"
"Thats the truth."
"Drunk Spiderman."
"Drunk Spiderman"
"Always makes me smile."
"Had a rough day today..but this brought me back."
"Obama wears a pip boy and rides a unicorn in a Vault suit."
"Fallout: Obama Unicorn Edition"
"Searching Ebay for Fallout stuff when suddenly...."
"Amazing eyes."
"Where is she from?"
"Amazing eyes"
"Mildly Interesting: The inside of the S train looks like a library"
"Train made to look like a library"
"Library Train!"
"The most satisfying GIF on the internet [FIXED]"
"TIL...the reason why Jersey Shore got popular in the first place...its Snooki's face. Seriously...I had no idea! (re-post)"
"What I feel like doing every time someone talks about Jersey Shore."
"Literally all day"
"I could watch this all day [FIXED]"
"In honor of Jersey shore being cancelled  I'd like to remind everyone of the most satisfying moment on TV regarding this show."
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif[Fixed]"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif. [FIXED]"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif [fixed]"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif [fixed]"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif [fixed]"
"Mesmerizing."
"Mesmerizing rainbow attack!"
"Trippy Kitty"
"All Hail Hypno Cat"
"Magic Cat!"
"Can't...stop...watching [6]"
"Ironic."
"Is this the original LOLcat?"
"dentist waiting room"
"Dentist"
"Just out of reach"
"Poor kitty."
"closer.....closer........CLOSER......ALMOST GOT IT..........................................dammit."
"How I feel trying to make the front page"
"Ermahgerd"
"Ermahgerd fish"
"I think this belongs here."
"This happens every time I try my moves on women..."
"Checkmate atheists!"
"GREAT NEWS!! Cannibalism  not so bad after all."
"when law makers are all men."
"Vader in an Atom? I give you a Stormtrooper in a Lotus."
"Darth Vader in an Atom? I re-raise you a storm trooper in a Lotus."
"War Vet (crosspost from /r/alternativeart)"
"Wow  this is depressing"
"Poor Mario"
"&quot;OMG MY FACE IS SO DELICIOUS!&quot;"
"LIES."
"Batman knows what he likes."
"Batman has become a little too helpful"
"Rapeman"
"I see what they did there"
"Happiness Level - 100."
"stepping on a lego."
"Consecutive links lined themselves up for me so I share for you."
"Shit...."
"the evolution of game controllers"
"Someone's reaction when a link of his is reposted by me and makes it to the front page"
"Someone's reaction when a link of his is reposted by me and makes it to the front page"
"Every relationship status"
"How I feel when a post I downvoted in &quot;new&quot; is on the front page"
"Oh sweet  I love gummy worms."
"Better than a ticket I guess"
"Sauce on this WTF?"
"polar bear attack"
"looks like fun"
"Just Joker."
"Real thug life"
"Hey Reddit  look at my wet weiner (SFW)"
"My Other Ride..."
"how my fiance wins a fight against my brother"
"Apparently everyone on Reddit who has gotten out of a relationship"
"How it feels being single and all the women you like are taken."
"How I feel whenever someone says &quot;there's lots of other fish in the sea.&quot;"
"How it feels when a post unexpectedly gets lots of upvotes"
"Michael Phelps goes super sayan!"
"Like mother like son"
"Sound Advice"
"Thug Life"
"Would you live here?"
"Would you live here?"
"The Birds have Been Released."
"Fuck this  I'm outta here"
"How I Feel At the End of the School Day"
"My girlfriend told me she wants kids..."
"nerd groove"
"I can't stop laughing at the kid with the glasses."
"Awesome street art"
"WTF. No one informed me of this."
"So this just popped up on my newsfeed. Not sure if a repost..."
"Deshi! Basara!"
"Nuclear Tits"
"Online roleplay"
"Great tits get karma everytime."
"Pair of Tits = Karma?"
"A Pair of Great Tits"
"Self pic."
"How I feel redditing with my parents nearby."
"How I feel when playing minesweeper"
"oxymoron"
"Conspiracy Keanu on child birth"
"WELL FUCK"
"Saw this in Advice Animals and thought you guys would think it was funny. (Original Poster = ozzymustaine)"
"You're doing it wrong."
"Horny 2012"
"Lets beat this masturbating KONY 2012 horse to death."
"Dear Leader.."
"This is what i talk about it class."
"religion and social programs in the US. what if..."
"A stellar comment overheard from a drunk fellow at a club."
"The thought gives me chills"
"So I encountered this today."
"The wasteland should have theese! [X-post from /R/WTF]"
"Crow big or crow home."
"Attempted Murder."
"Attempted Murder"
"I'm hungry!"
"how i feel when im at subway waiting to get my sub"
"So Close  Yet So Far..."
"Time for a cake day snack!"
"every time I browse /r/foodporn..."
"Reddit-style WTF"
"I... I Don't...Even"
"A gift from the Gods..."
"Classic Bill Cosby"
"What generally happens when someone says &quot;that's enough internet for the day&quot;"
"Today's my birthday and I felt like posting this"
"How I feel when someone upvotes my post that has 0 upvotes"
"Stephen gets friendzoned"
"Beyond a joke"
"Well that escalated quickly... [FB]"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Saw this on my Facebook feed... Boy that escalated quickly."
"Pretty sure that's not how that works."
"So this is how teenagers beg for likes now?"
"Seriously Facebook?"
"A Mother's Love.."
"The first transformer was a box. And an asshole."
"Boxman"
"Im a fucking box! (Its a fucking repost from /r/funny)"
"emma watson vs kristen stewart"
"Emma Watson vs Kristen Stewart"
"Emma Watson vs. Kristin Stewart"
"As long as we're all making fun of twilight"
"Well That's One Use For An iPad"
"I see what you all rented from blockbuster the most  but this was my #1 rental"
"Camouflage practice."
"&quot;Gonna do my fancy splash.&quot;"
"Scruffy get back here"
"Dog &quot;dancing&quot;"
"Get back here"
"I Must Dance!"
"hoi! gets me every time"
"Get back here!"
"Get back here!"
"A blatant repost of one of the funniest pictures I've seen"
"I must dance!"
"Oh My God Peter!"
"This is golden..."
"Cash 4 Gold"
"Only on the El..."
"The Trustworthiness of Bears"
"The Trustworthiness of Beards"
"Rolston Rye Salutes: Brilliance"
"I'm in advertising!!"
"Hipsters Rejoice!"
"USS Annapolis surfaces in the Arctic."
"We're here."
"Breakin' the Ice  Navy style."
"A Submarine Frozen in The Arctic Barren"
"This will fuck with your mind at first..."
"If you also leave it like this  screw you!!!"
"Confusion Confusion Everywhere I'll just drive fast..."
"A cold heart"
"Sorry  PETA."
"Insensitive cat"
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man.(x post /r/facepalm)"
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man."
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man.(x post /r/facepalm)"
"Pimp Level: 15"
"Penis vs brain"
"Whenever I see an ex whilst drunk..."
"Penis vs. Brain"
"burbrlbrl"
"God dammit  WHAT?"
"Come on guys... really?"
"Mondays"
"Ok...."
"Hai Sun"
"I did the imgur 5 letter chalenge...i'm content with my findings"
"Smiley sunset"
"Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham chillin' out in the summer of 1975 (Xpost from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"[Spoiler] What we were really concerned about."
"Korl  Lori Is Die. No."
"Rikk Pls...."
"Wanna see me do an impression?"
"What happened to Master Chief's Race?"
"Barack chillin' [OC]"
"From Staten Islanders: Good job Brownie!"
"D-D-Deal With It"
"Anytime I'm feeling down  I just Google pictures of..."
"Swiss Army Hand"
"Redditor Rage"
"Seriously... How?"
"stop fixing it."
"Goddamn Olympics"
"Yes?"
"I must go  my planet needs me..."
"The Circle of Bike."
"How does one get in there?"
"I'll never look at popcorn the same way..."
"I must go  my people need me!"
"That thing looks infected..."
"hustle hustle .... hard"
"Where there's a will there's a way."
"&quot;That doesn't look anything like me.&quot;"
"Obligatory Cat Picture for cake day."
"Fuck you!"
"Fuck you! [fixed]"
"He's still watching you Reddit..."
"Beets by Dre."
"The dangers of break dancing with cats."
"With the little shits that live near me... I hope one of these gets installed."
"Slide of impending doom!"
"Aged Gordon Freeman"
"Bees Vs. Wasps"
"When I order too much food and I think I can eat it all"
"Bear Cap Killa"
"Technical difficulties."
"this guy gives no fucks."
"Leviticus 19:28"
"I want this tattoo"
"Campaign poster troll."
"He's got my vote."
"How I look when watching &quot;wait for it&quot; posts"
"Ron Swanson without a mustache!"
"Still boggle my mind the difference a mustache can make."
"The power of the Moustache"
"Catch a Wave"
"Surfer Girl [alternate version]"
"Shit just got real"
"Well... that escalated quickly."
"Listen to me Jeremy"
"so encourageing"
"you are flawless and I love you!"
"some serious positive reinforcement"
"Dont say that about yourself....you are flawless"
"Sometimes I Just Feel Ugly"
"When I'm drunk  I become Jeremy the Lion."
"Listen  you are flawless!"
"r/gonewild in a nutshell"
"I know the feeling (x-post from r/Rabbits)"
"I live in the seaweed you've touched."
"Can anyone explain exactly what the fuck this is?"
"WHAT ? ._."
"Nope"
"Please help me find out what this crustacean is?"
"My wife sent this to me last night"
"First post"
"Who said that?!"
"I see: &quot;I'M GOING TO BE RICH&quot;. You see: &quot;GET A JOB&quot;"
"You know you're broke when this gives you a boner"
"You know you're broke when this is hotter than porn"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"ta"
"The perfect mattress for snuggling"
"Genius bed"
"R.I.P Mitch Lucker  who was in a motorcycle accident on Wednesday  leaving behind a young daughter  and his whole band. Here he is  having fun with his little girl before a concert."
"Very Dangerous."
"Titler?"
"This isn't the Hitler I remember from history class"
"A man with his dog after the tornado in Alabama"
"Found his dog in the rubble after a tornado destroyed their home"
"A man with his dog after the tornado in Alabama"
"Lost his home  but found his dog."
"Seatbelts"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Should have gotten a motorcycle."
"Lost cat"
"He's got a point !!!"
"I'm gonna be a mighty king..."
"WHY?!?"
"Homer Simpson doing an impression of the Egyptian protesters voting in the Islamist party after the Egyptian Spring"
"This is how I feel after watching 45 minutes of the Norway time capsule live stream"
"What my hometown is famous for"
"The &quot;we will get along&quot; shirt"
"DUCK!"
"Al-Qaeda level troll NSFW"
"allah akbar"
"and Frank thought himself..."
"Majestic"
"You lose nothing."
"This made me laugh waay more than it should have."
"No clever title  just my dog cooling off."
"Pugelicious"
"Just Al Pacino and Christopher Walken... Walking?"
"Hoo-ah! It's. frickin' HOT out...side."
"He Wants to Take Her Down x- post from r/GIFsound"
"I also Googled my username"
"Following up from the success (or lack of) of my Replica Ark yesterday  I decided today to part the Red sea.. Exactly as it really happened for Moses."
"when bachelor christmas parties go wrong...."
"Happy Holidays Everybody!! [NSFW]"
"The only picture that has ever made me say&quot;WTF?!&quot;"
"Ideal Life vs Real Life"
"iOS bummer (x-post from r/pics)"
"London transport caters for those with iOS 6"
"London Underground kicks Apple while it's down"
"London's public transport comments on Apple's iOS6"
"For the benefit of iOS6 London tubers..."
"More iOS6 hate (stolen from facebook)"
"Transport for London helping out iOS6 users..."
"This is what I call 'up to date' passenger information."
"Good guy tube warden"
"London Underground has a dig at iOS6 maps."
"UK is prepared for iOS6"
"Very clever  London Underground..."
"IOS 6 Burn"
"Thanks for the help TFL"
"A Tip From The Mayor of London"
"good guy London underground jibes Apple ios6"
"Transport for London giving out helpful information to Apple users."
"On the London underground..."
"For the benefit of passengers using Apple iOS 6..."
"For the benefit of passengers using Apple iOS6 ..."
"London Underground iOS 6 Maps"
"London Overground PSA  smashing good sassy British humour"
"Very clever  London Underground... (Cross-post from /r/unitedkingdom)"
"For the benefit of passengers using Apple iOS6"
"Oh  Brits and their iPhone humor"
"Now that the iPhone 5 has been released.."
"For the benefit of passengers using Apple iOS 6..."
"for the benefit of iOS6 users.."
"Found in a London tube station"
"Smurftacular!"
"NOPE!"
"My next birthday present (i hope)"
"Hungry Hungry Koopas"
"Scumbag Gamer"
"my roommate the scavenger"
"Scumbag Steve playing your games"
"I have a friend who does this frequently. I don't understand why she bothers."
"This seriously happened in class today. [First Post]"
"Most of the time  rides a Civic."
"The Messiah's Return"
"Lincoln holding his intestines."
"Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"When you look into infinity...."
"This is on of my favorite Calvin and Hobbes."
"Now its a special day for both of us."
"Grown up..."
"“Don’t move  there’s a wasp on you!&quot;"
"Every time."
"SAP's going out..."
"My brother told me it's because he didn't realize the game switches players each level. I told him this was going straight to Reddit."
"Just My Luck"
"You have SWAG? Let me tell you a secret..."
"I'm loving the new grandma meme..."
"Yo Dawg  I hear . . ."
"Not much to see here  just a baby sloth hugging his favorite stuffed animal"
"Matteo the Sloth!"
"Bloke that looks like a thumb. (might be a re-post)"
"This show was the reason I had a bed time. . ."
"damnit this is fucking cute"
"can I borrow those for a second?"
"Your glasses get in the way of my loves"
"The eruption of Chile's Puyehue volcano causing over 3 000 to evacuate."
"Lightning tornado. We're all doomed."
"Pickles burrows into the couch"
"I was looking for my pup until all of a sudden..."
"It was for graduation."
"How I feel reading emails from my supervisor."
"He should be more careful"
"Why wait? Have a fag!"
"Go on  have a fag!"
"Be careful who you moon."
"Be careful who you moon [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Harsh  but fair"
"Differences Between 9gag and 4chan and REDDIT [Fixed]"
"Just a chimp and a tiger cub."
"Crazy little thing called Love"
"NOOOOOOO!"
"An inbread kitty"
"Likewise to this cat  this was my reaction to discovering what 'cat breading' meant..."
"Game villains with good intentions"
"Game villains with good intentions (from cracked)"
"Poor Misunderstood Yeti"
"So that's why he was chasing me?"
"Does anyone else do &quot;The Tuck&quot;?"
"Beware the Kenyan Tree Lions"
"Emma Watson is hawt."
"That is One Sexy Atheist... (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"If I could get Dawkins in my bedroom with just little enough light..."
"Scumbag Canada [Fixed]"
"Ah hell no!"
"Amazing shot..."
"Whenever I see negative numbers beside a redditors name because I've down-voted them in the past."
"Diving"
"World-famous divers photographed during their dives."
"Olympic divers mid-dive."
"Picture of Olympic divers  mid- dive"
"This is one of the best face juggles I made"
"Olympic divers mid-dive"
"My car is messed up...."
"Need more Gigawatts!!"
"Totally makes me want to buy whatever the fuck he's eating"
"I did this by accident and thought it turned out pretty well"
"spanish bold treatment"
"Dominican Hair Restoration Ad"
"Jim Parsons side job: Mexican hair growth clinic model"
"Do anyone else want a sequel to this game? It fricking rocked!"
"How I used to spend my Saturdays..."
"First screen shots of the new Daredevil video game"
"The Kyoshi...wat? [x-post r/avatargifs"
"How i felt when i went to catch Kyurem with my late 40's team"
"This is why I am not a fan of the twelve steps. Does this bother anyone else?"
"My favorite new Rainbow Dash picture!"
"Just include this and all your posts can be about Atheism!"
"Didn't realize one of my favorite pixar movies  the Incredibles  was so political..."
"Teacher asks for a &quot;Space Themed Freshman Class of 2016&quot; shirt and r/picrequest delivers"
"Mom's 13 year old &quot;baby&quot;"
"My mom's cat is... adorable..."
"I wish I had these in my Star Wars collection"
"Still can't believe they made these.."
"This guy payed a 137 dollar fine with 137 origami pigs in a donut box"
"My reaction when I walk into an empty public bathroom"
"Just noticed it's my cake day with five hours left in the day."
"Pound it  bro!"
"Favoritism"
"Best. Costume. Design. Ever."
"Is this the real life?"
"Whoosh"
"How I feel trying to impress Reddit"
"I'll only buy the new Iphone if this is a feature..."
"Breaking Bad artwork"
"Sunset Basketball"
"sunny basketball"
"Chimera Lobster found in Massachusetts."
"I love you this much"
"I love you this much"
"You've got hands in your hair."
"A man  stuck on a plane and forced to see his future. In a place called... the Twilight Zone."
"Elevator! Stairs!"
"He'll make it all better."
"How I feel after browsing ELI5 for 3 hours straight..."
"How I feel when I get one answer right on Jeopardy."
"Like a boss"
"A dolphin ramping off of a whale."
"Dolphin having a whale of a time"
"Space"
"Stumbled upon these tattooed pigs does anyone have some background on this?"
"Suicide Girls (Pre-photoshop)"
"Google Image Search + &quot;Gayest Thing Ever&quot; ="
"Sean Connery Gives Zero Fucks"
"The Dinosaurs did Not Have Shovels"
"Makes Sense Christians"
"It's truly a tragedy..."
"It truly is a tragedy... (X-post from r/funny [pdowski])"
"How did the dinosaurs really die?"
"What newer computers are missing... [FIXED]"
"This translation doesn't seem right..."
"Looks like I spoke Spanish and French and didn't even know it."
"german german german"
"Rebel without a cause"
"Awesome Graffiti"
"What is happening here?"
"So this came up on my newsfeed  any ideas on wtf is going on?"
"When an app wants me to write a review"
"Old MacDonald had a farm..."
"psycho cow"
"Every time I sit down to write a paper"
"Cat Get!"
"Clever advertisement for Belgium's Organ Donor Foundation"
"Everyone like red pandas! It clearly wants a hug."
":|"
":|"
"The dance that goes with any music."
"Smooth with the ladies"
"Guile's Theme goes with the Dance move that goes with anything."
"The dance that goes with any music goes to Moscow"
"blghblghblghblghblglhblg"
"THE RETARD CONVERSATION"
"THE RETART CONVERSATION"
"Peter look like an anus"
"Hey  fuck you."
"Forever alone"
"Bane's Tan"
"Bane's Tan Lines"
"Check out Bane's sweat tan lines from the mask he wore in TDKR."
"Bane's Tan"
"A terrible side effect of the Bane mask.."
"How I feel when my friends laugh at memes on Facebook that aren't used properly."
"How I feel whenever I beat the Elite Four and Champion because of that legendary I just caught..."
"How it feels seeing &quot;Yay  Friday!&quot; posts while having to work retail Friday through Sunday"
"How it feels seeing &quot;Yay  Friday!&quot; posts when you work retail Friday through Sunday"
"Winning $5 on a $5 lottery ticket"
"Winner over here!"
"Making it to the front page and realizing none of my friends know what Reddit is."
"&quot;Just try to look casual. Yeah  that's perfect.&quot;"
"I didn't know this was possible..."
"'nuff said."
"Call me maybe."
"Social Media Explained."
"Social Networking"
"SNAP!"
"Revenge."
"oh snap!"
"Well that backfired"
"The pee list"
"Why i feed my dog bubblegum (x-post from r/spacedicks but don't be scared)"
"Bad Poker Face"
"Kathy Griffin Without Makeup"
"Kathy Griffin with no makeup  yikes."
"Like What You See?"
"01 calls missed"
"Needless to say  I found the sandwich very salty."
"Are You From Paris ?"
"Are u from paris?"
"Someone seriously needs to make a new one of these."
"A child learns one of the most valuable lessons in life: READ THE DIRECTIONS"
"Oh yeah? This is what MY town is famous for!"
"What my town is famous for..."
"When you sell your PS2"
"we're 6 months into 2012 already."
"Upvoting and downvoting a post."
"How I see American politics..."
"The European Downgrade Explained"
"it's good to know"
"As a swiss I find this slightly offensive"
"Heaven is..."
"Stupid Elevator Rides..."
"Zero fucks were given that day."
"Best high five ever!!!"
"I love..."
"Every night for the past 6 years  a German Shepherd called Capitan has slept over his owner's grave. His owner  Miguel Guzman  died in 2006."
"Every night for the past 6 years Capitan has slept over his owner's grave. Miguel Guzman died in 2006."
"For the past 6 years  a German shepherd called Capitán has slept next to the grave of his owner every night at 6pm"
"Coolest thing ever"
"Damn"
"Oh Bender."
"Ken's theme goes with anything"
"Deal with it!"
"Whenever I get upvotes more than 24 hours after a post."
"not sure if this guy was unlucky or lucky"
"Took it like a boss"
"Hope it's not Devil's Food Cake."
"Crazy Eyes"
"Whenever we discuss morality in my Philosophy class this always comes to mind."
"Now kiss"
"What I will be doing on international kiss day"
"Park bench bandit!"
"Now Kiss!"
"On second thought  i think I'll have pizza tonite"
"Did anyone ever finish this game?"
"Collection of my WTF! goodies."
"I would rather take the Yoda"
"What's on Reddit today"
"How I've seen Reddit lately"
"Kid after my own heart."
"Kids these days..."
"My plans for Cyber Monday."
"So the Mayan Apocalypse was a flop..."
"So the Mayan Apocalypse was a flop..."
"The picture I sent to my gf when I found out she didn't have a resume"
"After playing 8 hours of Metro 2033."
"My girlfriend promised to let me do anything I want in bed if I reach front page"
"As A DBZ fan sitting in traffic"
"How i Feel as my post gets downvoted to mexico.."
"My reaction as I'm being downvoted in r/new."
"Me when im the only one who thinks my post was funny"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"Five dollar bill"
"Amazing! Bill Murray is everywhere"
"No Navi  YOU LISTEN."
"Finally a Legitimate Excuse to Stare...."
"What happens when the Anne Geddes babies grow up"
"cominggg master!"
"Gaben coding half-life 3"
"Gaben Has Begun Programming Half-Life 3 [PROOF]"
"This is who I'm thinking of when the drums in the pickphase is on!"
"Sweating it out through another drum solo."
"Gaben Has Begun Programming Half-Life 3 [PROOF]"
"Drum Solo!"
"Within the Wave"
"Always makes me laugh"
"Meanwhile in Mexico City..."
"A luchador... on a motorcycle... at a protest... being fired on by riot police"
"I don't know why  but I love this"
"Can't look away  so calming."
"Riders on The Storm"
"I knew it needing something smooth."
"Well so fucking what?"
"dinosaur riddle"
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"
"What are you doing? (X-post from /r/funny)"
"Food Dispenser [gif]"
"Just some synchronized olympic swimmers"
"My first attempt turned out pretty bizarre."
"A Scottish National Antarctic expeditionary plays the bagpipe for an indifferent penguin  1904."
"A member of the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition plays the bagpipe for an indifferent penguin  1904."
"A Magical Unicorn"
"Jesus the Superhero"
"BTW bullfighting is dangerous."
"Why i'm terribly afraid of bulls (NSFL)"
"When I ask my roommate to get me some toilet paper (gif)"
"Had me rolling at a [7]"
"DROP THE BASS"
"Makes me laugh harder every time I watch it"
"Just Skrillex  Droppin the Bass"
"I bet this kid is a Redditor by now."
"Why men shouldn't write advice columns"
"Me  when I finally get back in the house after being out in the heat."
"It's Friday  just got home from work!"
"Ohhhhh shit!"
"Past &amp; Present"
"Past &amp; Present"
"Karmawhores"
"Being my actual cakeday  this is what I'm aiming to be"
"Karmawhore"
"Um......"
"Appropriate sleeping bag for shark week"
"Oh you beverage  you so delicious."
"After shower"
"If your pussy got wet"
"If the last two weeks of political convention speeches were Star Wars movies..."
"DNC &amp; RNC in Star Wars terms"
"The conventions - in Star Wars terms"
"Digger Dino is going to explore"
"Darth User"
"I feel safer already"
"I really want to quit smoking  but........"
"How I feel as someone with poor impulse control during the Steam Summer Sale."
"Settler throws wine at Palestinian woman in Hebron"
"Hebron"
"Palestine"
"Palestine"
"Fields of lavender in France."
"Apple sues Hurricane Sandy for copying Apple Maps"
"Apple has gone too far this time..."
"At least they were honest."
"5 pm Friday.."
"His name is Mr Butters and he is a proper gentleman he is"
"Smallest. Penis. Ever. (sfw)"
"Really not a cat person but this is God damn adorable."
"aww overload"
"Aww overload!"
"Well I like OAG  but this is creepy as hell"
"How I feel celebrating my cake day 24 hours into studying abroad in Spain"
"Still amazingly impressive."
"The Gathering Of The Blackbirds"
"This is relevant"
"I... I just don't know whats going on here..."
"Mind = Blown!!"
"Lets See That In Reverse!"
"Can I see it?"
"I'll just leave this here for your enjoyment..."
"When the top comment is exactly what I hoped it would be."
"When one of my posts actually was succesfull"
"How I feel when I wake up next to a hot girl after drunk sex."
"dat feeling when you're Ashe and you make an ulta shot across the map to save a teammate from being ganked."
"My boyfriend when my period comes"
"At least the heating works"
"Happens way to often"
"Apple you lying son of a bitch.."
"Stop fucking lying iPhone"
"every time I think I can contribute something funny to reddit"
"How I rock out to dubstep. (not my making  X-post from Gifsound)"
"i went clubbing for the first time last night... this gif is basically a synopsis of that."
"Great Gif I Stumbled Apon"
"It seemed to fit..."
"They're So White!"
"Let's get married!"
"No! I must dance!"
"First thing on my news feed that's made me laugh for a long while"
"I must"
"I must"
"You spelled dad wrong."
"That is a good advice..."
"Comment win"
"Not so anonymous."
"Well said  suckonthedickimashark."
"the goddamn difference"
"Why I want to go to Australia  California has beaches. But this? This is the real reason."
"What is this I don't even.."
"Smile"
"Miget face slide. That will be all."
"Disco"
"Another one bites the dust."
"In the shower this morning when I realized it was finally Friday..."
"Straight outta the 70s"
"Tricky!"
"Body movin"
"Someones afraid of the vet."
"Someone is having a terrible day.."
"Someones day is off to a bad start"
"But daddy I'm scared!"
"Cant think of a title  here you go reddit."
"An astronomer getting along with Pluto"
"One of the most brilliant minds ever turns 54 today. Happy Birthday Neil deGrasse Tyson!!!"
"If she doesn't remember this  she's too young for you bro.."
"My favorite screen saver of all time"
"Hey  you guys remember that old 3D maze screensaver?"
"True."
"Clever  indeed."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"So I just finished my first day interning as an Architect..."
"Yeah I'm mad"
"GODDAMN NASA!"
"Just Chillin"
"CSI: Hobbiton"
"GTA  why? Fuck logic  that's why."
"Physics! [GtA]"
"GTA 4 in a nutshell"
"Screw this  I'm out!"
"Away!"
"If you do this on your site  FUCK YOU"
"The most awkward moment for a pedophile..."
"this is the dance I did when reddit came back on"
"dance champion"
"Finally done with my finals  this is the only way I can describe the feeling."
"What I feel like when I'm a young  chubby  black kid dancing."
"Dancing Queen"
"Ting-a Ting-a"
"GIF Sound - Ting A - Get Low"
"Close match!"
"If it wasn't offensive  it wouldn't be funny"
"Ride or Die."
"My favorite face swap"
"Now thats dedication"
"Dedicated clothing store employee"
"Retail employee level: pro"
"'Murican Christmas"
"Kindles have nothing on this. Trinity Library  Dublin."
"A cat in a fishbowl"
"It would suck to get trapped in a fishbowl"
"When someone need help with their computer"
"Fuck the police"
"Rage"
"what makes me smile"
"flowers"
"Girl Running Through Flowers"
"Possibly the best picture made from cases of pop I've ever seen..."
"Hope you don't mind  but..."
"Renewable Energy"
"Squirrel got his head stuck"
"Those British squirrels are the WORST!"
"A Squirrel with it's head stuck inside a Halloween mask."
"This just made my day: A squirrel got it's head stuck in a halloween decoration and terrified a neighborhood."
"Squirrel got his head stuck in a Halloween decoration.."
"Squirrel gets overly curious about a Halloween decoration (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Squirrel of Death"
"Squirrel of Death"
"Local Newspaper's Front Page"
"Squirrel in my yard got his head stuck in our Halloween decoration. Made the paper and put a big ol' smile on my face."
"Where's my upvotes?"
"Finally found something fucked up on facebook..."
"Here's a picture of illegal immigrants trying to jump the border"
"DAE remember these? SKAN ALL THE THINGS!"
"Why does everyone love tamagatchi's and never these. IMO still the best childhood toy."
"Starting sequence engaged - lift off in 3-2-1..."
"Stevie  from Malcolm in the Middle."
"Stevie all grown up."
"English lessons? Who needs English lessons?"
"Crazy Clown Christmas"
"Russian Xmas  10x scarier than Halloween."
"The Teabag Tornado"
"Balls in your mouth"
"The Teabag Tornado [Cross Post from /r/gifs]"
"The Dark Knight"
"A friend and I created this. Thought that you would appreciate it."
"Never mix up your medications."
"Fantastic Idea"
"Hamoat... Boammock... I don't know  but this thing is a boat and a hammock."
"Hammock boat (pic)"
"Hammock boat"
"This woman is one of the worse kind of people."
"I hope that karma strikes on this horrible woman"
"This is what my town is famous for"
"So I compiled 113 Nigel Thornberry pics for you guys and stuck 'em in an Imgur album..."
"[NSFW] /r/baltimore Reddit meetup: GREAT SUCCESS"
"Lunchtime!"
"My kitten bear"
"I'm crying  this little guy is so cute."
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"9:03 AM"
"One plane  moments before it crashed into the towers on September 11  2001."
"9:03 AM [real]"
"I love macros like this."
"Oh look at the time."
"Oh  look at the time!!!"
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"Every repost on reddit. Ever."
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"The redditor."
"This is Mars Curiosity right now."
"Photobombing like a pro."
"Ronald McDonald: The Early Years"
"A Nuclear Explosion"
"Amazing photo of a hydrogen bomb explosion"
"How I look when I notice the person next to me in a lecture is eating."
"Mango Lick"
"Mmm' Tastes Good"
"Just a little light reading . . ."
"Understanding women. Volume 1 of 10."
"Picturing all the stuff I've typed and never sent"
"I'm not fat"
"So high right meow"
"For Oprah.."
"What if Hitler and Lt. Worf kissed?"
"True Fact."
"That escalated quickly."
"Just checked my Gmail  found this. Seems legit."
"Diablo 3 Open Beta Servers."
"I could stare at this for hours on end"
"Familiar faces"
"Kung-fu: Officially ruined"
"I am surprised that no one has done this: Police headlights"
"TIL how sewing machines work"
"One way to find out if you're allergic to wasp stings"
"a handful of nope"
"So you think you're a badass?"
"This makes me feel so.. uncomfortable"
"Generic Names for Soft Drinks by US County"
"South Sudanese Soldier"
"Nah son  free pie."
"Cutest cup holder ever."
"Nope."
"Dog gets manicure"
"My dad giving Bishop(our dog) a manicure."
"Left 4 Dead 2 Charger Explained."
"Getting ready for the ladies."
"Lemme RDJ My Fur Back..."
"&quot;...Then die...&quot; Bruce Lee [1370 x 679]"
"But...my childhood..."
"Just scrolling through the interwebs when...Dafuq?"
"Internet trolls at their finest -- $21474836447"
"He's clinging for dear life!"
"I ate my first normal oreo recently after strictly buying double stuffed for the past year."
"When a comment gets more votes than my link"
"Yo man wait up!"
"Yo Man  Wait up!"
"What you lookin' at  human?"
"Christianity in a nutshell."
"Christianity in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"My first love of techno"
"baby michael going up [gif]"
"My face when I turn on a soccer game and Ray Hudson is the commentator"
"Not sure if repost  but made me chuckle."
"Google Glasses"
"What it looks like when someone annoying tries to comment on a interesting post."
"Chick-bike!(xpost r/motorcycle)"
"Trying to fit in on reddit"
"Seems to be something that Reddit might like."
"cat+overalls=funny"
"AW FUCK! (NSFW)"
"The attitude of r/atheism towards religion."
"The Reddit Avenger!"
"The INcredible hulk"
"How i feel when browsing the 'New' submissions on reddit [fixed]..."
"How I feel when I have to go grocery shopping on Black Friday..."
"Oh shit....I'm out."
"Nature does not approve of your post."
"How I feel anytime I present anything in college."
"When I find a post I relate to..."
"Do you believe me?"
"How to make butter 50% fat free."
"When I see my food coming at a restaurant"
"I knew today was going to be special. Just discovered r/Gonewild"
"I knew today was going to be special. Just discovered r/Gonewild"
"Respect my authoritah!"
"Frog Kitteh!"
"The cutest animal on the planet  according to Google."
"Googled &quot;cute &quot; id say i got it."
"I give you: Catfrog"
"Googling &quot;cute cat pictures&quot; never fails.."
"Remember Team Rocket? This Is Team Rachet."
"I love fire too"
"Easter cockatoo getting ready."
"This parrot died happy..."
"Come at me bro!"
"Pants were soiled that day"
"The Leaning Tower of Pisa fixed"
"Bittersweet"
"How was the world created?"
"Imagine walking down the stairs at night and someone left a drawer open!"
"Did they... did they tape the baby to the window???!!!"
"very creative  I never would have thought to use tape."
"Anything for the shot! (When you see it...)"
"When I accidentally make a spelling error."
"Denied!"
"Trollin' babies."
"MGM Roaring Lion"
"Nice try America"
"What you want on da cake?"
"Asda Employee: 'What you want on da cake?' Customer: 'Best Wishes Suzanne' and underneath that 'We will miss you'. Not quite."
"Scooby-Doo and the gang have become quite efficient."
"He likes to type."
"pressing a then j [FIXED]"
"What trying to be a knight of /new/ feels like at 6AM with no sleep."
"How I feel trying to pick a subreddit."
"How I feel when I have to type in my own user name and password into reddit on my own computer."
"Whenever I Make a spelling mistake on reddit"
"Hillary jamz!"
"A handful of hedgehogs."
"Googled &quot;baby hippo.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"The original OAG [permanently fixed]"
"Good Guys Weasley Twins"
"Please Let This Be A King Kong Reboot"
"Can Anyone turn this into a Wallpaper?"
"Watch out world."
"Now where were we?"
"This is how I feel right now."
"I am very happy these gentlemen achieved their goal."
"Sounds about right [x-post from r/historyporn]"
"My life."
"oh  religion"
"Shore"
"So Happy"
"Baby elephant living it up under a waterfall"
"*SPOILER* All I could think of during TDKR"
"What came to mind when watching the end of TDKR (SEMI-SPOILER ALERT)"
"What I was hoping to see when I opened the door of my apartment here at North Dakota State University after hearing of a bomb threat on my cake day."
"Invincible Batman"
"...and then after all day on Reddit"
"Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page.... Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page.... Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page.... Oh look  another Sandy post on the front page...."
"Enough of this peasantry."
"Classy"
"How I feel when I go in to post a funny comment and find out that someone already beat me to it."
"Some places are just too hard to reach!"
"Just keep Trying"
"Heading out to the Pacific"
"Pool on the 57th Floor of the Marina Bay Sands Casino in Singapore"
"I want to swim here."
"Is this a repost?"
"YES!"
"Found this on a forum"
"My dad sent me an email saying he had discounted iPads....."
"What it must feel like being a Panda..."
"Best typo ever?"
"My cake-day face swap"
"face swap level: creepy"
"Mario money"
"White people"
"Exactly how I reacted when my GF tried this on me"
"The only pickup line I need."
"It only takes round cards"
"So sorry Sir Berrington"
"Washing your hands never felt so good"
"So...Big Tex just burst into flames."
"State Fair Update: Big Tex is on fire!!!"
"52 foot tall &quot;Big Tex&quot; burning to the ground at the Texas State Fair."
"So THIS happened today at the Texas State Fair ..."
"Tragic day for us Texans"
"Texas State Fair icon Big Tex burning."
"As long as these reposts are getting karma  here is Reddit in a nutshell"
"Every man's secret weapon..."
"Had to show somebody this when I found it. Why not reddit?"
"A bully called my friends and I &quot;The fruit basket.&quot; We were inspired. Here are our uniforms for our school's dodgeball tournament."
"It's shit like this ocean."
"Meet the goblin shark aka The Things My Nightmares Are Made Of"
"You thought the shoebox was bad? My cousin's neighbor has been shooting it into these boxers for 7 years. The smell was horrendous"
"&quot;Stale&quot;mate Atheists"
"You know those cousin's neighbour's boxers? Image of Christ."
"The cutest little thing I've ever seen."
"Laughing gif!"
"This is what Jupiter would look like if it was in our sky"
"If Jupiter were as close to the Earth as our Moon  this is what our sky would look like..."
"If Jupiter were as close to the Earth as the Moon  this is what our sky would look like."
"I see your Math Blaster  and raise you my favorite childhood edutainment game..."
"I guess all his enthusiasm is spent during his show."
"Looks like the cat's not quite out of the bag."
"Catbercrombie"
"What a stud"
"Abercrombie &amp; Feline"
"Catbercrombie and fitch"
"cat in a bag"
"Soon ill kill u  just wait ..."
"Call Me a Pussy  One More Time..."
"Was not expecting to see this face"
"Recovery Level: H2O"
"An amazing cave in Alaska"
"David Blaine's latest trick"
"David blane uses the force"
"Use the force..."
"That's what friends are for"
"Awesome Cougars"
"How I feel when I order at Starbucks."
"Arch Enemies"
"Five Guys customers all over America"
"When someone is about to talk of a movie you haven't seen yet."
"I hate waiting for my student loans to come"
"Waiting for the dealer to call"
"How I Feel When I Have Morningwood and Have to Pee"
"When you scroll on a non imgur gif"
"When it's Friday and I don't have any real work to do"
"Everyone deserves to be treated equally!"
"Black  yellow  brown  or..."
"... Or normal!?"
"Racial Equality for All!"
"While they tend to receive a lot of hate; 9 times out of 10 they're just regular people making a living in delicate circumstances for a flawed system they probably don't always agree with."
"Air Asia billboard sign"
"Harry Potter  biggest problem"
"When one person upvotes me."
"Permabanned."
"My type of watermelon sculpture"
"Coolest watermelon I've ever seen"
"Watermelon Tiger"
"Amazing watermelon lion"
"New Chick-Fil-a mascot?"
"Little Luna."
"My friend's cat - Mr. Spooky."
"I went to Auschwitz and all I got was..."
"Such a loving relationship"
"Hey  Son. How are you today?"
"Why does this exist?"
"Darn kids these days with their Nintendos and colorful flashing lights and zippity zops and frazzle snazzles!"
"Ladies and gentlemen - We got him!!"
"Now kiss"
"Most expensive head on collision ever ?"
"The most expensive head on collision ever?!"
"Last nose-to-nose Eskymo kiss"
"Repost Haters"
"just popped up on fb feed... friend-zoning  what say ye?"
"Never Forget Rule # 32..."
"Hostess brands is shutting down as of today..."
"Rule #32"
"In honor of Hostess going bankrupt I think we should all be reminded of this rule."
"He will be the most upset about hostess closing."
"After hearing Hostess went out of business  I have never related more to this"
"Upon hearing that Hostess is closing their doors..."
"Am I the only one that thought of this when the news about Hostess was released?"
"Underwater nuclear blast"
"KABOOM!"
"What I imagine when people say &quot;Talkin' wet.&quot;"
"Airburst"
"Airburst"
"Golden Retriever Puppies"
"What is better than a puppy? A whole heap of them!"
"so... many... PUPPIES!!!"
"Lemme show you how it's done"
"TIL How dogs drink water with their tongues."
"One of my Professors Uploaded This Picture of the North Korean Rocket Launch"
"You walked into the wrong neighborhood"
"the look of defeat"
"So apparently fire is a safer way to get to work than cars are..."
"Fire  the second safest form of transportation!"
"I can't imagine why anyone would think this is a good look."
"Redditer changes sign  runs back to car and takes a picture  all for the upvote heaveness."
"I didn't see you there..."
"Every r/politics submission  without fail..."
"r/politics in a nutshell"
"I'm just saying..."
"When my cats aren't happy  I'm not happy. Not because I care about their mood but because I know they're just sitting there thinking up ways to get even. Percy Bysshe Shelley-Poet"
"Taking &quot;Good Samaritan&quot; to an entirely new level."
"Faith in humanity restored."
"It's super effective!"
"I need to buy this t-shirt!"
"I always wondered how that attack would do anything"
"Found this on FB &quot;You can be the hero of your own movie!&quot;"
"PHYSICS."
"Progress."
"How I feel after I get off the phone with the weed man."
"Best of both (third) worlds..."
"Why is this not a thing yet?"
"Scarred for life"
"Ohhhh Canada! CANADA.FUCK.YA!"
"It taste like chicken"
"I figured reddit deserved a guinea pig disguised as a baked potato"
"Looking at my ticket as the Mega Millions numbers were being called..."
"The beginning is near."
"Birthday Skeleton [1600 x 900]"
"Happy Holidays!"
"Merry Christmas!"
"I'm saving this gem for the holiday season."
"Season's Greetings?"
"Season's Greetings"
"Thugrats"
"The Third Party Element"
"Village Judgement [NSFL]"
"Help a brother out!"
"Game of the century"
"Carl on Duty - Black Cops"
"No idea why he's freaking out..."
"Star Power Lvl 9000!"
"Through the fire and the flames"
"Putin On The Ritz"
"Now I feel really old because"
"He'll figure it out eventually"
"spoooooon"
"Helping out his fellow man"
"Comin' through!"
"TRUCK!!!"
"Highway Wombo Combo"
"Pilot Dog!"
"Going to the toilet in a club/bar past midnight..."
"My reaction to finding the free pizza I put in my hall thrown everywhere"
"And the award for worst prom dress goes to..."
"Soon...."
"Damnit a physics pop quiz on friday... Wait WTF?"
"I felt like this belonged on Reddit."
"True anarchy (xpost from /r/funny)"
"You had one job"
"More volunteers are needed to help rape victims"
"go on  give him a treat!"
"Wife cheat on you? Time to lawyer up"
"Excellent advice"
"Stay classy Jurassic Era"
"I'm sorry Reddit  I failed you. I laughed at this. (His Face at the end)"
"WTF"
"My friend showed up at work wearing this today."
"How it felt when I walked into work on my last day."
"As a hockey fan in Korea this is how I felt today when I woke up. Happy lock out everyone!"
"Dale with it."
"clone trooper's aim"
"My cake day! I love reddit like reddit loves Corgis!"
"He is happy to see you"
"Picture of a majestic  one eyed lion"
"Male-Dominated Cultures."
"Just a turtle that I found on 4chan"
"Berry nice to meet you"
"Poor cows. Who would have thought one letter would make such a difference."
"Wrong Turtle."
"I saw this and immediately wondered if Reddit has saw it yet"
"Smiling house"
"It's in my jeans."
"Not for everyone..."
"Not for everyone..."
"Garden Party"
"Garden Party"
"Lmao"
"A USAF F-35A in the foreground  with Space Shuttle Endeavor at Edwards AFB  California [1824x1216]"
"Endeavour &amp; JSF"
"Bamboo handcrafted keyboard and mouse"
"Sexy."
"Apparently Nazis have a thing for milk..."
"WTF am I looking at?"
"So.. Yeah."
"I don't even..."
"Got Milk?"
"Sometimes I don't want to know..."
"&quot;What the fuck are you looking at&quot;"
"The Amount Of Girls Who Do This Is Too Damn High"
"Who would buy a modern version of this?"
"What's the temperature inside a ton-ton?"
"What is the temperature inside a tauntaun? (fixed!)"
"Every time I click on a link in /r/WTF"
"someone made a really cool .gif of the painting."
"OSX Lion"
"Why do you masturbate? (pie chart)"
"Polka?"
"When i woke up to see i got karma"
"Not sure how to properly execute a sucker punch? Presenting Tips-N-Tricks!"
"Tips on fighting"
"Well  it works!"
"hip abductor strengthening"
"I know that feeling bro"
"My newer Ladyboner: Kit Harington  or as most of you know him  Jon Snow from Game of Thrones."
"Discovered huge butt plugs the other day in an adult store  I had no idea why anyone would need them that big. But then I discovered this and now it all makes sense. (NSFW)"
"Meanwhile in Lithuania..."
"An interesting date..."
"GTA dating logic"
"I was out of town for a few days  my boyfriend sent me this. I wish he'd really do it."
"Soon...Ish"
"Anon goes on a school trip"
"You weren't there....."
"PTSD"
"Posted for own purposes  no need to up/downvote"
"How I feel about my favorite foods after getting braces at 24..."
"Vietdog flashbacks"
"Dogs and cupcakes..."
"Looking back on my two years on reddit"
"because  China."
"Face Swap Game... Can you guess which face is Sarah Jessica Parkers?"
"My black friday shopping experience"
"Does anyone else get scared when their text says  'can I ask you a question?' →"
"Husband just explained what &quot;goatse&quot; is."
"That moment when your karma starts shooting up"
"Payback: The Second Coming"
"Doctor with a sense of humor?"
"In Philippines  this is how we make Jesus inside your heart."
"religious hypocrisy. condoms are bad but machine guns are good."
"Honey  there is some Quack outside our window."
"Whenever I hear a song that I thought was awesome when I was in middle school...(FIXED)"
"Now. Live it. The prime time of your life."
"Baby Great Crested Tern"
"Just a baby seagull  being cute and all."
"Amazing cake"
"Beard Slap!"
"Beard slap!"
"You ever been so mad at someone that you had to give them a little tap on the face?"
"There  there.."
"Kitty having a nightmare"
"Where can I find this kind of love?"
"too...much...cute..."
"Cat cuddles her Kitten"
"He's had enough"
"complaining on reddit..."
"This is a fully grown Golden Cocker Retriever. In other words  a forever puppy."
"Well..."
"Pussy is disappoint"
"Ant for my next trick.."
"Ant for my next trick..."
"Ant for my next trick..."
"The best (and probably the most literal) example of wing-man"
"This guy"
"I always though E.T. was a boy... [NSFW]"
"Amazing Underwater Cave"
"A new kind of paradise"
"Ugh  I have to use the human again"
"Human  help me."
"How to upset every single nerd on the planet."
"How to upset every single nerd on the planet"
"Revolutionary... Rotating sink."
"Best Friends Forever"
"A Grandmother and her Cat"
"A lovely lady &amp; her cat"
"Alien vs. Predator [GIF]"
"Predator wins"
"How I feel when I don't like my roommate"
"the very odd couple"
"They just didn't understand life"
"Luke  I am your... You know what!"
"Oedipus Complex at its finest."
"How I feel when posting a genuinely funny post  then realising that it has a spelling error..."
"Jim Gaffigan on camping"
"tradition"
"Every single time i try to turn a massage into sexy time..."
"Cat giving another cat a massage..."
"HIFW a girl wants a massage and I try to sneak a boob touch"
"Sonic the Hedgehog"
"Watchu got there"
"distracted"
"he got distracted by the cake"
"my stool sample"
"When my post makes it over 4 upvotes"
"Jerking off in a fancy hotel room (SFW)"
"A cut down tree [pic]"
"Tree"
"I guess this is lumberjack art"
"Heeeeeeyyy! Sexy lady!"
"I whip my hair!"
"Hope you like it Norway!"
"&quot;I wonder what my life would be like if I robbed the Kwik E Mart...&quot;"
"Jesus on Imagery"
"Coffee With Jesus (Party)"
"Serious Milk"
"Buy me if you've got the guts!"
"would you kill yourself ?"
"Fuck."
"Moving Ramp Fail"
"Last jump!"
"Reddit these days"
"Bill Nye the science guy does an AMA..."
"When I heard my gorgeous co-worker say that she is now single and looking to get drunk tonight and rebound."
"Oh  Bill..."
"Bill Nye Strokin'"
"Sometime it takes the youth."
"[X-post from r/pics] The bengal has plenty of pontential."
"I think you have something on your chin."
"Contain your orgasms"
"Science DOES have an answer to &quot;What happens when you die&quot;"
"Still my favorite wallpaper on my computer."
"Typical"
"Every damn time"
"My reaction the first time I got a girl to take her shirt off."
"OMG I actually caught it!"
"When I try to &quot;push&quot; past reposts and get OC to the front page"
"I laughed way to hard at this."
"Still a better lovestory than twilight."
"Still a better love story than Twilight."
"Lets get it on"
"Fuck this  I'm tired of this shit. [gif]"
"fuck this"
"fuck this shit  I'll walk on two legs"
"When I get to a party and there is no alcohol..."
"My reaction when I went to a BBQ yesterday and noticed I'm the only carnivore and they're only bbqing vegetables and sojaburgers"
"The best Galaxy note ad you'll ever see (from craigslist)"
"F*cking Galaxy!"
"Oh Craigslist..."
"You COULD have a Galaxy Note  or you could have a..."
"It takes balls to dress like this... our maybe a vagina"
"I choose you  Meowth!"
"meow meowth"
"UPVOTES... I CHOOSE YOU!"
"I choose you."
"This is my best friend!"
"Troll kid"
"smart kid"
"Hey Reddit! Check out my ba-oh shit."
"Dad of the Year"
"Haters gonna hate"
"This looks like an AWESOME party"
"What do you think Mr. T is daydreaming about?"
"Mr. T has no idea"
"Remarkable note in a bathroom stall"
"Did anyone lose a Chinchilla? Because someone in Wicker Park found it. (Funny poster)"
"Someone lost their grayish-brown Pikachu (x-post from r/Chicago)"
"This has got to be SOMEBODY'S Chinchilla. Somebody come get this Chinchilla."
"Screwing with nature to make pretty"
"Kid Logic"
"Tsar Photobomba"
"The rabbit hole never ends...."
"When I found out I missed my Cake Day"
"My Reaction To Hearing Snooki Gets a Spinoff after Hearing Jersey Shore Was Cancelled"
"Just a nice picnic."
"Poorly drawn I warned you."
"So... I'm hosting an atheist picnic."
"Seattle"
"Taken on the pier today on my first trip to Seattle. You guys have a great city."
"Taken this morning on a pier in Seattle."
"Satan's Slave. [x-post from r/atheism]"
"Wolf howling in the cold"
"Master of deception"
"What has your tongue Cause that is not a cat.....&quot;information in comments&quot;"
"I'll see your lamprey and raise you a Cymothoa exigua (description in the comments)"
"Cat got your tongue  or is it Cymothoa exigua?"
"Let's Just Take a Look Insi...no  No  NO  NO!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Most Astounding Fact"
"Forever alone mattress"
"Girahim Alpaca"
"Cannonbal- oof!"
"Truck sucks at limbo"
"Once again I feel I must say that  as happy as we are for your weight-loss  there are better subs to post them to than r/pics."
"Oh yes. It's happening."
"Ughnnnn"
"*knock knock* house keeping i come clean your OH LAWD"
"Room service ... ohh Maybe some other time"
"People on /r/shittybattlestations told me that this one belongs here..."
"There's no chance you will ever be this cool"
"Ever wondered what toothpaste looks like without the tube?"
"Whenever I try to fix my hair in public"
"Haters ... Gonna ... Hate"
"Conclusion:Women masturbate more often than men...(SFW)"
"Ed Edd N' Eddy is pure swag"
"I'm Eddy and I know it!"
"Apple will sue someone.."
"Concerned dad"
"Special"
"Take it as a compliment  bitch."
"Michelle and the girls sneaking up on Obama after his speech last night."
"Things get sticky for Obama"
"Ok baby. See you tomorrow. Wear that lingerie again. Oh heeeey...."
"Sneakin' Up On Dad"
"Michelle and the kids sneak up on Obama after his speec. His is face is of pure terror."
"WTF Ken???"
"I've watched this episode dozens of times but somehow never caught this"
"And I thought I was good at Words With Friends..."
"So I was in guynamedjuly's shower looked up and said FUCK. THAT."
"Kill it with fire from the depths of hell!!!"
"What my state is famous for"
"Juan Direction"
"Just imagine."
"Manly Motherhood"
"decode your kids text lingo... W!T!F!?"
"I bet every one of them thinks they are funny..."
"The same photograph at the Leaning Tower of Pisa"
"Is this music bugging you?"
"This little guy was the best birthday present ever left on my computer."
"Just a kitty in a hat... [photograph by Maria Shkoda]"
"Cat in the hat"
"Rawr"
"Well this is a new one. [NSFW]"
"Security detail:"
"Forest moon of end-pur"
"4Chan  you've done it again (Long but worth it)"
"Legendary"
"That's a fail right there."
"&quot;No  try it like this&quot;"
"Cute Webcam Girl Steals The Show"
"Desperate girls at the club.."
"Whenever I see a 'hacked' Facebook status"
"I put in my resignation a week ago; they keep telling me how much I'll miss working here... Miss?"
"Whenever someone spells definitely  'defiantly'."
"Chocolate covered banana anyone?"
"Possibly the funniest gif. I've seen in my life. No idea why."
"What more could you ask for?"
"The Greatest Story Ever Told"
"The most epic .gif about stick dicks you will see all day (mildly NSFW)"
"I said what the fuck out loud to this"
"Seems Legit."
"I've always wondered the same.."
"Every time after getting back from grocery shopping"
"Every time whilst taking in the grocery shopping"
"Story of my life."
"Rush Hour in Mumbai"
"Take your son to work day..."
"Danish Police just posted this on Facebook"
"Danish Police - Imgur"
"The police crashed our local skateboard comp. (Denmark)"
"Police officers can be really cool. This picture was taken in Copenhagen."
"Danish police doing it RIGHT!!!!"
"The Danish police posted this on their facebook"
"Danish police..."
"Just your regular danish police officer"
"Skateboarding Police Officer (x-post from /r/funny)"
"The Danish police posted this on their facebook /r/skateboarding"
"The Danish police posted this on their facebook"
"How I really feel every time I upvote something..."
"My reaction when someone gives a reference to a show or game I know"
"When I make it to the front page and my boss sees it"
"Need More Boost."
"Anyone else remember going into fits of rage because of this game?"
"(Imgur random) Welcome to Oklahoma!"
"Didn't need to sleep anyway."
"He just wants a hug"
"Hey  friend! Wanna go out for a walk?"
"Why Batman  Why?!"
"I actually won something for once!"
"my friend got a skee ball stuck at the top of the 50"
"The happiest photo on the Internet"
"The Internet in a single picture. (NSFW)"
"Take that bath"
"HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERE'S JIMMY!"
"You home bro?"
"Playing the Random Imgur Game"
"Checking if the toilet's occupied"
"Taking pics is serious business"
"For All The &quot;Unique&quot; Guys in The Room"
"You Just Went Full Retard (x-post from r/ForeverAlone)"
"This always makes me laugh"
"Reddit according to /b/"
"Happened to me this morning (slightly NSFW)."
"Redding according to /b/ (x-post from r/4chan)"
"Le Fap adventure le OC le"
"My le first rage comic be gentle"
"my very first rage comic (true story lol)"
"Please..."
"I got pissed off and googled &quot;Fuck Everything&quot;"
"just got rejected by my crush. this is how i feel now..."
"Hentai is getting weird"
"The power of money"
"That's one way to do it..."
"Just give me 10% of his swagger"
"Rock star puppy."
"Ah  now that's better"
"You are not so scary  slendy."
"You are not so scary  slendy."
":) (xpost from r/wtf   of all places)"
"Googled &quot;Woody&quot;. Got this."
"Woody"
"Refreshing"
"Happy Holidays from Coca-Cola"
"Hungry polar bears eating a tourist in Norway"
"Yeah... Wassup now bitches!"
"First I was like...."
"Boom (x-post from r/pics)"
"Boom (x-post r/pics)"
"How I felt when I reached over 10 up votes on a single post  for the first time."
"Burn !"
"Ohh Facebook."
"Samsung is doing it big"
"What I imagine a god's toilet is."
"Koalas are cute"
"Gone but not forgotten..."
"Cat with heterochromia iridum"
"An Arctic Fox pup"
"BF-109 wind tunnel test  Berlin  ca.1934 [1440 × 1088]"
"The hunt."
"So this showed up at the top of my Facebook feed."
"I was always pretty good at this game."
"why does Snoop dogg need an umbrella?"
"A great man. This came by on George Takei's newfeed. Buddhism is just fucking amazing."
"Show me where the bullies are"
"I'll protect you goat-bro!"
"There is nothing I love more than watching Christiano rage."
"U.S. ambassador to Libya has been killed  3 others dead in the attack  German embassy in Sudan is on fire..."
"Milhouse Forever Alone (x-post from /r/discgolf)"
"Showing up 2 hours late to my school's Ultimate Frisbee practice"
"Not going swimming for awhile"
"Delicious and fresh chicken"
"Make a wish"
"Make a wish."
"When I get rejected trying to pick up a girl"
"High Standards."
"A Fetus-Melon. That is all."
"I'm not eating it"
"It's a miracle!"
"Corrected Jesus Toast..... (from facebook timeline)"
"Fucking leaves"
"I missed my cake day by 3 days"
"As a european watching the Obama - Romney debate."
"What's really happening inside the Normandy"
"This cat seems fucking ecstatic"
"Karma Overload."
"My girlfriend (who is a redditor) and her cat Half Life 3 (who is dreaming of bacon)"
"Just two awesome dudes."
"Paul Newman and Clint Eastwood just being Paul Newman and Clint Eastwood  early '70's"
"When my flaky friends cancel weekend plans at the last possible minute"
"Realizing I've been on Reddit for two hours instead of writing my paper"
"Small human. Let me tell you about how your great-grandfather and I became good friends. It was a long time ago when..."
"Is there something in my eyes?"
"A Never-Ending Source Of Rage"
"Think we can all agree with this.."
"wisdom."
"Face of r/Atheism that I think we all can understand his viewpoint."
"So... Inspiring"
"BRB  just off to Dover"
"First time on 4chan..."
"Colors"
"Taste the Rainbow"
"I want to do this every time I see a pun thread."
"Whenever I see a Nazi pun thread."
"....misty really let herself go"
"Enough Misty cosplays"
"Sometimes farts betray us all."
"Oops"
"The most playful gun ever invented."
"Finger On your Aszzzzzzz"
"He looks good on everyone."
"Just got an email from my FWB after planning a sexy weekend away."
"have i given the ultimate gift or ruined a man?"
"Mom burn."
"My face when I found out Katy Perry was back on the market"
"When I logged on to facebook and didn't see any memes"
"My reaction to hearing Neil DeGrasse Tyson is filming a Cosmos Sequel"
"How to piss off a bus driver."
"Trolling the bus driver"
"Just hipster hitler in a red dress peeling potatoes."
"Awkward Stock Photos (Album in comments)"
"So thats what happened."
"And when you least expect it..."
"This is the first I have seen this and I thought I would share."
"When extreme isn’t extreme enough."
"I dunno  I think my favorite cycling photo is pretty great."
"Just some bad breath"
"Don't fuck with me  bro."
"This about sums it up"
"If I were a fish  this is where I would want to live."
"101 Reasons to be abstinent - Reddit is one of them (complete list inside)"
"Inspidered"
"Spot me bro"
"Scientific Win"
"I...I don't even...God dammit...Why?! Why Nicholas?!"
"I...I don't even...God dammit...Why?! Why Nicholas?! (x-post from r/pics)"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"That's no moon"
"That's no moon."
"Friday..."
"Worst Toy Ever!"
"Beautiful and perfectly timed"
"Walked into a local tea shop by my house and found this piece of art hanging on the wall."
"The 90's were a simpler time"
"Jesus Ruins All the Fun..."
"Best. Job. Ever."
"So that's what they think about us..."
"Oh yes. Yes it's VERY wonderful. Now excuse me while I go eat a baby..."
"*Face palm*"
"I wonder if the tattoo artist still alive"
"Aw  the answer is clear now."
"Equations..."
"Catnips helluva drug"
"For my 1st cake day  I submit the top 20 dog GIFs of all time."
"Catnip is a helluva drug."
"what did the five fingers say to the face..."
"troll cat"
"How to be a supportive husband"
"Don't worry darling..."
"Oh  wife."
"Meanwhile in Australia..."
"Fuck you  American Apparel."
"IFF - A female Lockheed employee works on a P-38 Lighting (1944)"
"Female Lockheed employee working on a P-38 Lightning  Burbank  California  1944 [1940 × 2981]"
"A female Lockheed employee works on a P-38 Lighting (1944) (xpost from 2XC)"
"Oh shit! What was that? Just algae on a ladder."
"crossposted from r/funny"
"So I was stumbling around the internet.."
"Mr. Taco"
"Oh lord....."
"Well I laughed like an idiot for a full minute."
"Instructions: Play to dubstep"
"Lincoln's luck has really turned around"
"Lincoln's doing well at the theaters."
"Lincoln."
"*Spoiler Alert*"
"Historically this has not been true.."
"Lincoln is doing well in theaters..."
"Super Breaking Bad 2 Turbo by Johnny Utah"
"Video games you wish they'd make  #12"
"I would play this game so hard."
"Literally WTF (x-post /r/askreddit cmnt)"
"The Lion King will never be the same to me..."
"My face after an amazing dubstep drop."
"I'll give him this  he put up one hell of a fight."
"When you're in a bathroom at a mall alone..."
"The best movie quote."
"Right in the childhood"
"DON'T DO IT PAT!"
"That bench looks pretty unstable..."
"The Periodic Table"
"So  Elementz just got benched..."
"Literal Periodic table of elements"
"it's friday  i have less than an hour left at work and a big ass bag of candy; this is that feel."
"As an American  this is what I feel every professional European Football game is like"
"The first thing i thought of when i saw this site...."
"Sleep tight! (not my own pic!)"
"He just loves to cuddle"
"I call big spoon!"
"This got no love from r/awww."
"I'm Real"
"Always creeped me out"
"Scariest thing to ever be on television."
"i died when i saw this"
"The fuck did you just call me?"
"Now kiss."
"Let me get in the picture!"
"The caterpillar."
"Wth is going on??"
"How to tell if your son is gay"
"How can I test if my son is gay?"
"How I feel after getting a haircut"
"Bitch I'm fabulous"
"Faaaabulous!"
"How I'm going to feel as an American during the Olympics."
"Me to my father  who's been hounding me about getting a job for the past month  after finally being hired"
"What I Do Just After I Beat A Clan Of Cocky Loudmouth Kids Playing SND"
"How Redditors felt during Obama's speech last night:"
"Squirrel in a Snowstorm"
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOMAN"
"Not sure if real person or cardboard cutout"
"Can I sits here?"
"Your nose is my bed now  kay?"
"When I browse r/aww....."
"Thought I'd just put them all in one place"
"because Bateman won't give the maitre d' head"
"Being drunk while on r/funny"
"It's been one year on Reddit for me. Here are a bunch of upvote/downvote GIFs I've come across."
"U. NO U. OH U."
"MUST. HAVE."
"Made this the other day to describe my feelings towards reddit's front page."
"r/aww"
"A karma machine we can all agree with."
"Grim reaper- real life edition"
"A lesson from the grammar Nazi"
"PIZZACEPTION."
"Vegetableception"
"The toppings I like on my pizza.."
"Yo dawg  I heard you like pizza....."
"They see me rolling  they hating"
"How I felt after watching the entire Dark Knight trilogy."
"Bane can dance if he wants to"
"So Bane"
"I'm a Buff Bane and I Dance"
"You have my permission...to dance"
"Deshay basara!!"
"Bane's Got the Moves Like Jagger"
"instant thought"
"I only wish I could have take out those inane random lyrics."
"HEY SEX CI BANE BAY!"
"Alternate Ending!"
"How I look trying to seduce my girlfriend"
"Gets me every time"
"Wait  who designed this again?"
"Wait  who designed this?"
"I heard you like Marc Jacobs"
"YOU! Lettuce be friends."
"Take my hand  I love you."
"typed in nick cage doing porn and wasn't disappointed."
"Ice cave in Antarctica"
"Blue Ice Cave in Antarctica"
"Lumia 920 vs. iPhone 5"
"I question his question"
"Hitler &amp; cat dance with Brooklyn Bounce"
"First mashup for my friend's special day"
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"Seems like the right time to bring this one back"
"my hat is bread!!!"
"Meet Mr. Whiskers  I stole him from a Palo Alto Mansion and he will now help me mix meth for the rest of his life"
"Wow  I didn't know it had been that long!"
"We all know a girl who likes horses a little too much."
"Awkwardly arousing?"
"Blood falls  Antarctica. That's a tent in the corner."
"Just a game of jump rope. That's all"
"Optical illusion for your ears"
"Optical illusion for the ears"
"This makes noise in my head... and it scares me."
"The first GIF with sound"
"This is easily the loudest gif I've ever seen."
"Hearing illusion"
"Saddest cakeday pug ever"
"When I'm at the beach and I see my son building a sandcastle"
"When someone upvotes me to 0 points"
"Whenever I see my state mentioned on reddit!"
"For Mario fans"
"Hanes designs a Reddit uniform."
"Climbing"
"Alain Robert climbing Burj Khalifa (tallest building in the world) [746x574]"
"I know I shouldn't laugh at this  but..."
"Wtf spongebob and simpsons"
"My friend tried a Bud Light Mojito last night...."
"Facebook Friend tellin' it like it is! (This guy was a Marine Corps sniper  a firefighter  and a paramedic)"
"Connecting With Pokemon"
"Taking out the trash at work [FB]"
"Tetris [1920x1080]"
"Tetris [1920x1080]"
"Irrefutable proof that nature hates us..."
"Maybe there is a God  and he hates us... [PIC]"
"WUB WUB WUB!!!"
"Chemists know how to do it."
"What I Do When it Says to Press &quot;A&quot; Repeatedly"
"I found what my next reason for visiting the emergency room will be"
"English Angora bunny"
"Fundies just don't understand"
"I think this guy got it right."
"So brave."
"Domesticated silverback gorilla"
"Parenting Level: -9000"
"Public toilets in Europe."
"Fashion  you say?"
"Lich King  Witch King..."
"I don't always turn around  but when I do..."
"It is covered"
"Zero fucks given."
"What the hell could lead up to this?"
"Once i used to give a fuck... Once"
"Just going for a stroll."
"If Predator was a fish"
"SKREEEEEEEE!"
"Welcome to Japan."
"All of my lolz  the face at the end"
"How I feel when downvoting new and rising links"
"Epic mountain."
"Chillin...Like a boss."
"this just showed up on my news feed. its gotta be photoshopped. *not sure if repost. sorry if it is*"
"Get a sexpack in seconds"
"Get a 6-pack in SECONDS!"
"Just riding the train"
"Across the vast and..."
"In response to Red Bull Stratos  Slim Jim has sponsored the shortest freefall of all time."
"In response to Red Bull Stratos  Slim Jim has sponsored the shortest freefall of all time (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Free Falling!"
"When someone upvotes me..."
"Trying to downvote anything with a cat."
"When I disagree with the hivemind."
"My friend said he's applying at H.E.B. today. I asked why..."
"Two of the greatest men in Reddit history"
"Neil Degrasse Tyson's bromance with Bill Nye"
"No one fucks with these 2."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye the Science Guy: 2 awesome people"
"Two Best Friends."
"Just Neil DeGrasse Tyson Resting his Head on Bill Nye's Shoulder."
"Their bromance was written in the stars"
"Bill Nye and Neil deGrasse Tyson on the StarTalk Live Podcast"
"Just two guys  in my new favorite photo."
"D'aww"
"Albino Zebra &quot;Golden Zebra&quot;"
"I'll wait here..."
"The Moses bridge"
"Moseese to the max."
"Happy Ho Ho!"
"&quot;secure a frightened child&quot;"
"The Catholic Church Was An Early Investor In This Technology."
"Now that's good parenting."
"Damn It Feels Good to Be a Gangster."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Now that's GANGSTA!"
"Don't mess with me OR my bunny."
"The things you think of when your gf says you can try anything [NSFW]"
"He's got the moves"
"Ride 'er like a see-saw [NSFW]"
"That Helicopter Sex (NSFW)"
"Pidgey fainted"
"Finally broke down and made an account; reddit must know if its cuteness. Tiny Pudu fawn!"
"All is not what it appears"
"This is not a difficult concept"
"To antichoice folks."
"Off to hell I go."
"Officer  I thought they were real!"
"Just a pretty cool statue"
"Not sure if /art or /funny"
"Oh this looks like a great combination.."
"NaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNa..."
"This is how I always sing it"
"Oh Batman..."
"Found this cute/funny photo of my dad as a kid. Made me chuckle."
"Found this cute/funny photo of my dad as a kid. Made me chuckle."
"Whenever I fart in the Bathtub"
"Death by Pleasure"
"I don't even know..."
"I don't even know..."
"How I imagine Britney Spears is like after she settled a lawsuit for sexually harassing her bodyguard"
"Fuck the police"
"I think this belongs here..."
"MILFs brace for FAP offensive..."
"MILF braces for FAP offensive (X-post r/WTF)"
"Wow. Could this be normal golf-ball behaviour? [gif]"
"Wow. Could this be normal golf-ball behaviour? [gif]"
"Someone Recently Posted claiming to be me with my picture and got 3000+ Karma  he lied and I did not currently get back from Afghan. But my dog is still a princess."
"Somebody posted this picture claiming to be me  claiming that that somebody impersonated me yet he was claiming to be me while claiming somebody was impersonating them even though it was me."
"Someone Recently Posted claiming to be me  then someone else posted  but this is the real me. They lied and I did not currently get back from Afghan. But my dog is still a princess."
"Someone today posted claiming to be me with my picture and got 6000+ Karma. He lied and I'm not currently back from Afghan. But my dog is still awesome."
"Someone recently posted claiming to be me and got 3000+ K. He lied. Some other jerk posted the same thing pretending to be me and got 6000+ K. He lied too. But I ain't mad. And btw  this &quot;princess&quot; is a &quot;he.&quot;"
"Two People Recently Posted Claiming To Be Me With My Picture and Got a Combined 8000+ Karma  They Lied and I Did Not Current Get Back From Afghan. But My Dog Is Still a Princess"
"Pig in a blanket"
"How you know your country is doomed"
"Evolution of the NYC Skyline over 130 years"
"Even more over compensation than a hummer"
"Someone is about to have a well deserved bad time. (Will update if they find him)"
"Minute Length"
"Probably the best thing on the Internet since porn."
"Wow  Mickey... I never knew!"
"Very true"
"MOUSTACHA"
"The Most Gorgeous Book Ever Has No Words Or Pictures  Just Color"
"In 1997-98  This is how you measured the true value of a kid in my middle school yard."
"Elementary School Gambling  circa 1995"
"The currency when I was in elementary school"
"umm Chinese penis fish. nuff said."
"they put this on the PSN store  but i still want a sequal"
"First Step Out of Bed This Morning"
"Right in the feels."
"So  how were you saying I should flap my ears to take off ?"
"Why Fat People Jog [FIXED]"
"It's a wrap"
"Congratulations Peter Jackson on finishing &quot;The Hobbit&quot;  Its a Wrap!"
"Murphy's Law in full effect"
"When everything goes wrong."
"More Genies!"
"So I was reviewing the footage from the camera on my R/C plane when I noticed something strange...."
"Asian Family Reunion"
"Do wee agreee?"
"Goodbye Sesame Street?"
"I think we need a break from all the cats and dogs pictures. Anyone like cute baby hippos?"
"Saw this on my Fb feed...A mother Hippo gives a reassuring nudge to her new swimmer."
"scar for life"
"I made this with lots of love for gamers..."
"For People Against Video Games...."
"Seriously distracting"
"I saw your cat whore so i raise you my sheep whore!"
"Welcome to the jungle!"
"Welcome to the jungle......"
"Me  after a long week of nothing but tests"
"Just minding my own business... then  a lion."
"Winston Churchill. 1895"
"Winston Churchill sums up r/atheism [x-post r/quotesporn]"
"Smashing (x-post)"
"Some smashing gifs"
"He Knows Too Much..."
"I found this on a Christian friend's Facebook. Glad to see he has a sense of humor."
"So this is what happens when you don't repost those fb pictures...."
"Mama (June) from Here comes Honey Boo Boo."
"He seems nice"
"It may only be 9am but..."
"Pure Joy"
"Good idea Apple!"
"Amazing"
"This must be what the meetings are like at InfinityWard."
"What it's like working for a crappy dot com"
"Thought maybe this belonged here"
"Back to school? Just what I need!"
"Back to School in Scotland..."
"This is the first thing on my list for back to school...."
"Back to school!"
"Just what I need!"
"At least it wasn't guns."
"Back to School"
"They feel my pain."
"Back to school....IN HELL!"
"you know you live in a rough part of town when..."
"Schools have changed since I was a kid"
"Welcome to England"
"This is going to be an interesting school year.."
"Wonder why knife crime is out of control in the UK? Check out our supermarkets ;-) (photo taken today in large supermarket)"
"Wut?"
"WHY?!"
"People keep saying posts here are not &quot;truly WTF&quot; so I typed that in google image search and here is what I found"
"What in the flying fuck"
"Rockstar baby"
"seems legit"
"Nobel Prize in Physics. 2012. This fucking guy. Who's with me?"
"I hate it when cashiers make remarks."
"The original trollface."
"We all know this feeling (saddest gif in existence)"
"On the queue"
"Going Nowhere"
"Waiting lines"
"Sad reality"
"Heading for nowhere"
"Does this work?"
"Awesome designer sunglasses."
"Looking forward to the weekend."
"TGIF"
"I know what I'm rubbing one out to later..."
"Pterodactyl porn (nsfw)"
"the tallest iphone yet!!!"
"Can't wait for this to come out!"
"What if this... actually existed"
"Ball. Face."
"choose wisely (ex post from /r/funny)"
"Oh yeah?"
"Aerial view of tulip flower fields in Amsterdam"
"Because you can't go around saving lives in an unwashed truck"
"Firefighter of the year"
"I think he was on a break..."
"The flaw of taking in a stray cat.."
"Soo.....THIS Couple Exists...."
"The Protector"
"The Protector"
"Photo of the Year   Surfer Magazine(x-post from Waterporn)"
"A friend of mine needed to make a costume for a party..."
"My face at the end of Breaking Bad season 3"
"SO DRAMATIC (X Post from /r/funny)"
"Inception Cat"
"Just a cool picture (xpost via r/PerfectTiming)"
"United Kingdom transformed into anime character"
"TIL United Kingdom is kawaii desu~"
"The Ocean is truly a marvel"
"Amazing rainbow wave"
"Beautiful picture of the sunset through a wave."
"What Friday feels like."
"My last day working for this year!"
"Show us how it's done  boys!"
"It's Friday and my boss just asked me to work tomorrow ..."
"No seriously  WTF"
"Well  wasn't expecting that one"
"God bless you dad."
"What to do?"
"Quest to find Oxi-Clean"
"Or should it be &quot;Come at me  bro!&quot;"
"I hope my kid end up being this cool"
"We got a badass over here"
"Enderman has dinner with Slenderman"
"Shit... what happens next?"
"Hugs."
"Hey Reddit  wanna see Miley Cyrus's boobs? [NSFW] Maybe fake?"
"Emma Watson...wait  WHAT?!"
"16 Things you didn't know about sleep"
"And Stay Off My Bed!"
"It's a dog's life..."
"Ever wake up in someone else's bed?"
"War does not determine who is right... Only who is left. [1920 x 1088]"
"War does not determine who is right... only who is left [1920 x 1088]"
"How I imagine a reddit meet up would go."
"They called him &quot;weenie nipples&quot; in high school. He's the only person in the world possessing nipples fit for eating."
"Papa Roach as a lab partner"
"The south is slowly turning me against religion because of people looked this... (X-post from r/WTF)"
"If yah don't like AMERICUH then you kun git out!"
"The smoothest loading GIF I've ever seen."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"Face merge"
"I can't stop watching this"
"Hagrid tells the truth"
"This little guy"
"WTF"
"The new age of siphoning gas"
"Every day..."
"Protection"
"I don't know what this is  but it scares me"
"Hot Dog"
"Chill out dawg."
"Dog days of summer in Phoenix"
"Close enough..."
"Chacarron...."
"Doop!! (Not sure if this should be here or GifSound)"
"Basically how I wake up every morning"
"What my front page seems to be made up of lately..."
"How I feel about the Halloween reddit"
"My last date  in a nutshell"
"Let the door stopper posts begin...."
"My girlfriend during foreplay. [SFW]"
"Never noticed this space jam pulp fiction reference"
"Suddenly  a swimming pool."
"not sure what to put here"
"I thought /r/gonewild was boobs or something so I visited...."
"/r/wtf."
"Yeah  the volcano eruption is a good test."
"How can I test if my son is gay?"
"Poor dog...people will buy anything..."
"Venturing outside"
"Finally in the one year club  for my cake day I give you my favorite picture ever."
"I whip my neck back and forth"
"Before Christian Bale made Batman movies awesome again"
"Just played Slender for the first time.."
"A Little Friend"
"Just a baby turtle."
"Hello World"
"I'll give 80$ to anyone who can get me this sweater."
"How I feel when I realize that the girl I've been talking to in a bar is 16."
"I didn't do anyt..."
"Well  he does need to be stopped."
"WE GOT A BAD ASS IN HERE!"
"Watch Out Guys  We've Got A Badass Panda Over Here"
"How I feel when strangers on the Internet agree with me."
"When I'm the only one to buy myself a gift for my birthday."
"America is so lazy"
"spend every night here"
"I would never be upset about sleeping on the couch again"
"I wonder what he is dreaming about..."
"So comfy"
"Its hot out there"
"_ U N T"
"Central Park from 2500ft"
"1/2 mile above Central Park"
"What a good father. Wait. Future father."
"Godammit  not again."
"How i feel downvoting karma whores on r/new"
"gtfo bear"
"That's a brave  brave man."
"Dont fuck with this man."
"when i try to instigate sex with my girlfriend and she's not in the mood"
"Hop Hop Hop Hop Hop Hop Hop"
"Cat keeps the bass goin"
"For many of us this is the best father's day gift"
"you are NOT the father!"
"I figured out who Shitty_Watercolour is!"
"I think I found out who shitty_watercolor is"
"Nice tits  dude"
"Anyone else remember this gem?"
"Everytime I go to r/aww"
"All of Reddit's reaction to Nick Offerman/Ron Swanson's AMA"
"The management is not responsible!"
"You have been warned!!!"
"My aunt likes to send me a lot of religious pictures  I replied to her with this..."
"Resurrect some fresh beats."
"D'Jesus. [pic]"
"Puppy-Tired"
"The Cat's Milk"
"The eye"
"To all &quot;my SO this / my SO that&quot; posts"
"How I feel every time someone tells me they got a job at a place I applied for."
"My reaction to bad jokes"
"/r/gaming in a nutshell"
"reddit in a nutshell..."
"According to this; half of Reddit will die soon."
"Good to know.. O_o"
"What I think of when I hear someone has swag..."
"I made a gif of Andre the Giant issuing a fatal Downvote. Enjoy."
"Andre's Fatal Downvotes (X-post from r/funny)"
"Saved this little guy from a sex dungeon."
"Keyboard Cat V.2"
"Ay gurl"
"As if solving a Rubik's cube wasn't enough.."
"... and Im just sitting here  rubix-solving"
"Never have I been more curious."
"One of the most hilarious 'To Do' lists I've ever seen."
"To Do List"
"I wouldn't want to do the last one..."
"Photo Taken at Sunrise in the North Pole Where the Moon is Closest to the Earth"
"Gay Taxi driver"
"Slightly unfortunate.."
"This was the name of my buddy's cab driver from the other night..."
"NOT Sleeping with my GF (SFW)"
"Just relax"
"This is not a painting but a photograph..."
"This is a photograph  not a painting."
"If it pleases the court..."
"Attitude alarm clock can't believe you aren't up yet."
"Attitude alarm clock can't believe you're still not up yet. (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Why I hate checking orangereds"
"This is probably the only gif that makes me laugh every single time."
"Deal with i-AAARGH!!!"
"Deal Wit-"
"Pure  unrefined rage fuel [full Stephen Hawkings Facebook retard contest]"
"Facebook &quot;conversation&quot; I am still shaking"
"Introducing....Bicycle Sex"
"Tearin' that pussy up"
"This causes me literal pain"
"such a nerd xD"
"The Beatles: seconds before taking their famous walk across the streeet"
"Just about to make some history"
"Old MacDonald had a farm..."
"Had."
"Pup is Pooped"
"Pillow: 1 Cat: 0"
"A good way to make the cat go to bed..."
"Kitty vs. Pillow"
"I believe in Magic land"
"Can't You Guys For Once Shoot Straight...?"
"Oh god! I can't stop. Help!"
"Amazing Thai wood carving"
"Incredible Thai handicraft... Carved from a single piece of wood"
"Umm...uhh... wat?"
"Good Kitty"
"Wanted to play some Halo  found this."
"Don't know what to say to this (Dragon Ball Z)"
"I'm not sticking around for the next part"
"Oh  nothing  just some more inflatable animals"
"The photographer used a fish-eye lens to make the enormous animal appear diminutive and create an impression of &quot;the top predator on top of the planet  with its ice world breaking up.&quot;"
"Gotta love typos on your highschools sign"
"unfortunately  this is where i went to high school."
"Metal bands per capita [statistics]"
"Ready for a close up?"
"I wish photography was always this easy"
"Time for my close up!"
"New bioshock character"
"Bioshocks newest recruit..."
"COME ON  MICHAEL."
"When I comment to defend a heavily downvoted comment"
"Reddit  I give you Bismuth"
"Shocked Hamster"
"Dramatic Mouse"
"Adorable gasp"
"...WHAT WAS THAT?!"
"After waking up and seeing that you have more karma than the night before"
"STRIKE!"
"STRIKE!"
"How Cute --"
"My Reaction When Someone In My Class Answers A Question I Know Nothing About"
"hipster ghost haunts and empty room  because haunting people is too mainstream"
"The bigger they are  the harder they fall"
"Knocked the FUCK out"
"Score one for the little guys!"
"One more...."
"sup bitch"
"Almost there..."
"What cramming for midterms last minute feels like"
"Photobomb level: Llama"
"Obama? Romney? I'm still voting Kony"
"Not Now I must get to work..."
"I would walk a thousand miles... [Fix'd]"
"I Must Go.."
"Nets might make the Playoffs?"
"How I feel when approached by a &quot;Genius&quot; at an Apple store."
"How I feel when I'm in Best Buy."
"It's a valid arguement."
"Wait a minute..."
"I want so badly to know the events leading to this situation"
"&quot;i'm so confused right now&quot;"
"Best drum set ever!"
"That's a big scary cat"
"The Angel of Death"
"Had to share  even though this could break reddit harder than Obama."
"Welcome To The Internet."
"The internet in one picture"
"I always knew I had a reason to like him."
"You and me both  my friend."
"How I feel walking into a party."
"A giraffe with a purpose"
"pwned!"
"Haha  This is why I love ambush marketing!"
"this is how I feel when I get in an argument on the internet."
"GTA: Pooh (X-Post from r/gaming)"
"GTA: Pooh"
"Stay the fuck out of the 100 acre woods"
"Gamestop found a clever work around to mail clients blocking pictures."
"Gamestop Circumvents Image Blocking"
"Gamestop found a clever work around to mail clients blocking pictures."
"Move Your Body"
"Move your Body (x-post r/batman and r/gifs)"
"Batman and friends get their groove on. (xpost r/batman and r/gifs)"
"Move your body"
"You know who likes to move it? Batman."
"move your body (bat)girl!"
"Since we're doing this now  thought I might as well share my preferred song."
"Move Your Body (with music that works) [I hate this music BTW]"
"I go out late at night and if you were to see me  you'd see my differant side."
"It's Tricky"
"Can't stop  won't stop"
"What to expect on your cakeday"
"number 2 cause of teen deaths"
"A wise choice."
"Probably a re-post  but still funny"
"An accurate depiction of how Americans view the world. (From R/Murica)"
"waiting for launch code...."
"I spent too much time on r/GoneWild"
"Look up  stay alive"
"At least someone will be enjoying Hurricane Sandy this weekend"
"Sure thing..."
"Anakin  may the Force not be with you."
"In honour of Star Wars Day!"
"Dough-Nuts deep..."
"Recent studies have linked diabetes to using the wrong bath water"
"Recent studies have linked Type 2 Diabetes with certain bath water"
"America  FUCK YEAH!"
"When you see someone attractive..."
"Bum bum bum"
"Bacon Flowchart"
"Bacon Flowchart"
"I have no idea"
"Browsing Google images and..."
"Young leopard intently studying its mother's spots"
"Expansion of the Mongol Empire...the largest contiguous land empire in human history."
"This is the Mario party I know"
"holy shit  fuck these guys"
"Harley from epic meal time on vegans."
"SPLASH!"
"This is how I view most of the plans to fix the debt crisis"
"So I'm sitting in my first accounting lecture and this is all i can think about"
"Family bonding? Why not take a dip in placenta soup."
"Mom  this is not a swimming pool"
"Just a family sharing the joy of the birth of a new baby in the family. Come on  hop on in the birthing pool!"
"Must be like the tide at Omaha Beach"
"It's a family affair!!"
"Introducing our newest bundle of joy! [fb]"
"tub birth (x-post from r/pics) [NSFW]"
"Tub Birth *NSFW*(maybe)."
"Family bonding in the pool"
"Meet my new pet otter"
"Otter Pup"
"I heard u reddit guys like unicorns"
"Last of the Unicorns"
"And this is how we got horses. [Comic]"
"the last unicorn"
"Rotating Tesseract [gif]"
"My first time going to r/spacedicks"
"After the third page of gonewild"
"Me  losing my virginity. [Fixed]"
"Finally shaving after 3 months"
"Spoonful of cinnamon?"
"Cinnamon makes you too sexy for your shirt?"
"Eating a spoonful of cinnamon"
"Mary Poppins knows best"
"Sorry  it all isn't for us..."
"Atheism is so arrogant"
"There are 3 children in this photo (NSFW)"
"Coworker shared this gem first thing today."
"Destination  Sun"
"Me coming home after a night of drinking and dancing."
"Composite shot of hundreds of planes taking off at Hanover Airport"
"Today is my birthday  and this is how I feel...."
"How I imagine asian prostitutes (x/post from r/gifs)"
"I feel like most Redditers read this book as a child...."
"Anti Rape Condom 0_0"
"Popped up in my Facebook feed."
"Oh the unimaginable pain..."
"I finally did it."
"Ukraine fans don't care about the rain."
"Ukrainian fan sitting alone in the rain."
"Reaching the front page of a small subreddit"
"Quantum levitation"
"&quot;I will get some of that!&quot;"
"This is frickin' delicious!"
"I love my mic."
"I just wuv you so much."
"I can't handle the aww"
"How I high five someone when I'm drunk"
"How I high five someone when I'm drunk"
"red panda hug"
"How it feels to have two successful posts in one day."
"Having my boss side with me in an argument."
"Mt Roraima  Venezuela (pic)"
"incredible mount geometry"
"Mount Roraima Venezuela"
"Where is this? Any information?"
"Mt Roraima  natural triple border of Venezuela  Brazil and Guyana"
"Minecraft IRL"
"Hey this is cool  lets just push this button here... OH NOOO RUNNN!"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE (x post /funny)"
"So they have a reverse button"
"How I Feel In the Last Week of My Summer Internship"
"To those that were always wondering how to play it.."
"When someone won't shut up in the library during finals week..."
"Mount Tungurahua erupts."
"Shotgun!"
"I mustache you a question"
"I Must."
"I mustache you a question"
"Failed gun handling wtf"
"Forever alone level date night"
"HOLD ON"
"Ghetto Cat [fixed]"
"'It is easier to fool people...' (unsourced) [s-post from /r/ QuitesPorn]"
"Truth. Truthier. TruTheist."
"There is a spy among them."
"Poser Meerkat"
"Blending in level: Cat."
"Growing up... this was THE dream girl"
"Living in the South in the Summer..."
"Some idiots in my city vandalized a mosque"
"This was found on a mosque in Harrisonburg  VA - Imgur"
"So...this happened at our local mosque today. Fuck hatred."
"Some hateful people did this to a Mosque in Harrisonburg near JMU today. My thoughts and apologies go out to anyone who uses this Mosque. Dont let the ignorant few affect the respectful majority."
"Googled &quot;Slendermans brother&quot;"
"No words can explain grandma"
"Extreme parenting"
"Laugh to straight-face"
"Things you can only do with boys"
"Things you can only do with boys..."
"24 astronauts were born in Ohio"
"Oh  we're making fun of Ohio today?"
"industry | Flickr - Photo Sharing!"
"I regret my choice..."
"Multiple times during a KH playthrough..."
"This happens all too often"
"Whenever it rains where I live"
"Sigh... happens all the time."
"Biggest Problem I'm Having With The Steam Summer Sale"
"This just happened to me. I'v definitely been spending way too much time on reddit lately."
"Every damn time omegle!"
"College professors don't know me so well"
"He's a fan."
"a tennis ball hair cut."
"Tennis ball haircut..best haircut ever?"
"I could never play Twisted Metal as a kid  so this was my substitute"
"A nice pad in Cape Town (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Julia Roberts[NSFW]"
"Sausage fest"
"Can someone explain this?"
"Evolution of a Meme"
"Water in Space"
"Give your kids Churros..."
"Mutual Understandment Tennis - Men's finals"
"Trek Pong [gif]"
"Not Bad Tennis Match"
"even more rare and majestic!"
"GOT MY FIRST UP VOTE!! OHH YEAH"
"Get Down"
"Looking through old pictures on the computer when this..."
"How I feel about once every half hour in Quantum Mechanics..."
"How I feel watching older Family Guy episodes."
"Payday and weekend  out bitches"
"GIF Request: Scrooge McDuck diving into Upvotes"
"Every time I try to post something on reddit for that sweet karma [x-post from /r/thewalkingdead]"
"first time I went on r/spacedicks"
"Funny looking cat"
"Guess who has a new girlfriend?"
"News bombing"
"Have yet to find a song that it doesn't match..."
"Hey Ya! Panda! [Credit to gratefuldread]"
"Watch this in combination with any song..."
"Still makes my day better."
"Will make your day even better!"
"Dancin' panda"
"Clicked immediately"
"Listening to music while browsing r/funny  came across this."
"Panda Mentality"
"Twist and Shout!"
"Pandas dance to anything eh?"
"If Obama was white."
"Obama?!"
"WARNING - Gravity well detected"
"Trying to reach the front page [fixed]"
"Cat's don't understand friction."
"Up up and away...womp womp womp!"
"i believe i can flyyyyyyyyyyy.."
"It's that simple"
"Mother of God: Ad Infinitum"
"Whenever I see a chubby person out for a run"
"After working at a fast food restaurant  guns no longer scare you"
"Baby and grown hedgehog. Cuteness overload"
"My friend's hedgehog gave birth"
"There are no words that can describe this cuteness.."
"Baby hedgehog ^_^"
"I throw my hands up in the air sometimes..."
"Little guy does this whenever somebody plays a Prince song"
"Mother &amp; baby (:"
"The irony..."
"Every time my girlfriend asks me to watch &quot;The Bachelorette&quot; with her."
"The cola wars turn real ugly REAL fast!"
"50 Pictures of Emma Watson"
"You can trust me i am an engineer  kids will love it"
"This looks like fun...."
"Aha! I like it!"
"Go for the three count"
"A good way to deal with bad customer service."
"I've got the weirdest boner right now"
"FUCK OFF JESUS"
"Still one of my favorite images..."
"Carrots anyone??"
"I heard carrots are good for the complexion."
"Boo"
"Meanwhile in Finland"
"This is how rednecks &quot;Go Green&quot;"
"Puberty fail"
"he's... evolving"
"What some Christians think evolution is like"
"Shower time"
"SLUT"
"I wanted to see a picture of the Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction for a few years ago. Instead I found this..."
"Please be gentle  it's my [f]irst time and I'm shy..."
"Take that!!"
"How my drawings have impoved since I was 13 to 22."
"Thighlight"
"Thighlight [self-repost since WTFGESTAPO took it down previously]"
"Cat flipping. For science."
"Happy Star Wars! [Ending the Fixes]"
"Hey Obi-Wan! What day is it?"
"How I feel when I get a ship requisition token."
"It's not unusual to be loved by Obi-Wan"
"Latin fever in Coruscant"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"something fascinatingly relevant"
"I'm not going to try to title this."
"It wasn't me  Jedi"
"Obi Wan Wake Me Up"
"Obi-weeeeeee-kanobi"
"How I feel on Friday"
"Pilot Ejecting from his CF-18 Fighter"
"Do you know the words to African Child? r/funny sure didn't"
"Anyone else have great 1v1 matches with this game? Or against Sky Captain?"
"snail crossing"
"do it slowly!"
"This is pretty much how I view my commute every day."
"How I view my commute every morning"
"This is what I see on my way to work"
"all i can think about with this ann coulter thing"
"Words to live by."
"Today's my cake day  this is my favorite .gif"
"Don't mind if I do!"
"Jeremy Clarkson"
"Mupcakes?"
"90 years later still..."
"Google'd &quot;most awesome picture ever&quot; for my reddit birthday  this was the first result."
"Ricky Gervais on being an athiest"
"Ricky Gervais on Atheism"
"Burdon of proof"
"Saw this on FB  courtesy of Idiocracy."
"Being a 5 year old  similar to an executive"
"Seeing the recent trend about filming the police reminds me of this... Stay safe guys."
"It's dangerous to be right..."
"typical day browsing r/wtf"
"How He Spends His Free Time"
"Yo quit playin!"
"Nope  nope  nope!"
"Grand Canyon lightning time exposure"
"Don't try to change girls with bangs. EVER."
"Why I Don't Buy My Girlfriend Clothes"
"Saw this at a car rally yesterday"
"Just found this in my /pics folder."
"Calvin explains corporate america"
"Economy for dummies"
"Welcome to Tisdale!"
"Naturally happy looking."
"How much love can these llamas get?"
"Must.. Get.. Peanut Butter!"
"Just wondering."
"How I felt today after seeing the Woody Harrelson AMA 6 hours in"
"When was the last time that you saw a baby Macaque?"
"my reaction when I see a wall of text"
"How I felt leaving work today"
"found this on my newsfeed. thought reddit might like it"
"Go Godzilla  go!"
"Everybody likes having their belly rubbed."
"Wiggly Ears."
"I have a feeling that The Hobbit upvote gifs are going to become increasingly popular in the coming months..."
"Louis CK defending masturbation."
"I love Louie."
"How did I ever get through childhood without realising this was available?!"
"Thank you to all of our Vets that help keep our animals healthy and up to date on their shots!!!"
"Mother of..."
"Take your guess at how many redditors he can fit in his belly! I vote 5."
"This little guy was eating people near where my father works in Africa..."
"DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN!"
"Why it's just a beneficial lubricant!"
"chill guys. chill."
"Straight thug"
"How to handle road rage"
"How to handle road rage."
"Move over condescending Wonka. Meet condescending Lesula  a new species of monkey just discovered."
"Six Flags is trying to reach a new generation"
"This Easter Remember ..."
"Happy Lich Jesus day just doesn't have the same ring to it."
"Bus Troller"
"My Friends  They Cannot Comprehend That..."
"you try so hard  but..."
"I ain't doin shit."
"My parents just don't get it..."
"Like my girlfriend tells me what to do HA!"
"Boromir"
"Every time I buy pizza rolls..."
"the neighbor kid has been coming to my wife for haircuts now for about a year. this summer he asked for a &quot;wooly gecko.&quot; ...she's practicing on mannequins so she can do it."
"You order a pizza?"
"We have bigger problems  son"
"Thursdays"
"meet the Siborgi. Siberian husky/Corgi mix."
"Corgi / Husky Mix! D'awhhh"
"How I feel about getting off of work early today"
"Best News Team Photo Ever"
"Cute level 99!"
"The McKayla Lisa"
"McKayla Lisa"
"So that's what a 16th century silver medalist looks like"
"When I found out at 10:30 pm that today is my cake day"
"I finally bought Gary's Mod today..."
"Sitting at an [8] and I see the Hula Cam at Burning Man video."
"He pities the fool"
"T-Mobile"
"Visual Puns."
"I Laughed way too hard at this"
"Sweet Baby Jesus that is not appropriate."
"Squeezie Squeezie"
"My favorite gif of all time (why yes... This is a repost)"
"The true meaning of Christmas"
"Don't let your dog fly a helicopter"
"Dog Strikes Again"
"Story of my life"
"Amazing Line Work"
"What do you want for dinner?"
"World Peas"
"Nap time"
"Today:"
"White people"
"Right about now I wish there were snakes on this mother fucking plane"
"Right about now I wish there were mother fucking snakes on this mother fucking plane"
"&quot;I better not see this shit on Reddit.&quot; Any other thoughts on what was going thru this guy's head?"
"Chicago at night."
"I guess she didn't get the award"
"The next bestseller"
"Found this while I was surfing the net  needless to say I was shocked."
"Captain Castle Crasher Picard"
"Jean-Luc Picard Fractal"
"This is how we should solve the problem of electric cars being too quiet: have this sound effect play."
"They see me rollin'... they hatin"
"That awkward moment when you bump into someone."
"Need a sea monster? Why not Zoidberg?"
"So I was looking up pictures of the kraken on google  and this is what it came up with."
"Taking the most important photo of the century"
"Taking the most important photo of the century"
"Frozen dinners"
"Bitch!"
"The most evil chick on facebook. I cant believe this"
"Shut Your Beak"
"Especially when I am trying to sleep in the morning"
"Sexist bird"
"That would be the only type of baseball game I would ever go to"
"How to flee an awkward conversation  step one: create diversion"
"I've always wanted this in a FPS. One day... (x-post /r/gifs)"
"I've been watching Breaking Bad on Netflix. I decided to google &quot;crystal meth.&quot; I guess I'm not the only one with a sense of humor."
"Two Disney classics  ruined forever."
"Murica!"
"the end of racism"
"with all of this talk about Oreos - &quot;look to the cookie&quot;"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn"
"Male chastity belt"
"My favorite picture on the internet."
"The secret life of hamsters"
"Star Wars Angry Birds Teased"
"Angry Birds x Star Wars teaser gif from their official tumblr"
"Angry Birds Star Wars; Time for this but not Battle Front 3?"
"Rovio is teasing a possible Star Wars version of Angry Birds!"
"Kanye West's daily life  explained by Facebook"
"It's my Reddit birthday  so have a picture of a puppy wrapped in a tortilla."
"Bruce Lee playing pin pong with nun chucks  like a boss"
"Lets see what your personality is"
"When you see it... (NSFW)"
"So I started the HCG diet and found out I have to survive on 500 cal. Currently  this is everyone at work &quot;supporting&quot; me"
"Jenny Craig vs. Godzilla"
"How it felt as a kid when your mom made you eat your veggies."
"Subway in Stockholm"
"Hostess just announced it will close for good."
"My face after hearing Hostess (makers of Twinkies) shut down operations as of this morning..."
"Tallahassee finds out Hostess is going out of business."
"Hostess going out of business?"
"My reaction to seeing Hostess close down!"
"Upon hear the news that Hostess is shutting down..."
"Tallahassee's reaction to the Hostess news."
"So I heard Hostess is going bankrupt."
"First thing I thought of when I heard Hostess was going bankrupt."
"The man most affected by Hostess shutting down"
"R.I.P. Twinkies 1930-2012!"
"Someone just found out there's no more twinkies being made... ever..."
"Twinkie maker  Hostess  is shutting down for good"
"How Tallahassee from zombieland feels about hostess closing down"
"All I could think of when I heard Hostess was shutting down."
"Meanwhile  in Zombieland..."
"What i thought of when i heard hostess was going out of business"
"How Woody Harrelson must feel"
"Woody Harrelson's reaction to the news about Twinkies"
"Proof you cant leave the friendzone"
"You remember the man who broke the barrier of &quot;friendzone&quot;? Well..."
"little red corvette"
"So I was browsing imgur....parental fail"
"Remember when this phone changed your life?"
"Remember when this phone was the shit? [fixed]"
"Found this little guy being shit out of a Rhino in sub-Saharan Africa - saved him."
"What I want to do each time I see someone sagging too low"
"I am not a clever man."
"Old this may be  but it still gets me every time!"
"I know it's old.. but still makes me laugh every time."
"Oops."
"I am not a clever man"
"For my cakeday  my favorite image ever"
"I am not a clever man."
"In Paranormal Activity 4  the ghost is a rapist."
"Three Brazilian Soldiers"
"Nom."
"Om nom nom nom..."
"Om nom nom nom...(Cross post from r/funny)"
"Since we seem to be on an adorable turtle streak..."
"Cat Fight"
"Meowhammad Ali﻿"
"Meowhammad Ali﻿"
"♫ Just a kitten with it's will to surviiiiiive ♫"
"Party Hard"
"The imgur random button reveals something weird every click..."
"Every time i see another damn post from pinterest..."
"Stoner Toy!"
"This what I do when I'm alone in my house with the Deus Ex theme (X-Post from /r/community)"
"Thought this seemed relevant"
"Abed + Schranz"
"accidentally going on /r/spacedick"
"Cakeday  so this is how I feel the majority of the time while browsing Reddit"
"How hitting the random button usually goes."
"You sir  are now considering adopting a baby sloth"
"Just hanging out with my balls out"
"A happy Sphynx tomcat basking in the sun."
"Hairless cat basking in the sun"
"Just hanging out"
"Grandpa's off his medication  again"
"Words cannot describe this..."
"Hide and Seek"
"Hide and Seek"
"Little rabbit!"
"Doginos Pizza"
"You deserve an orgy today!"
"This (wallpaper?) is the first thing that has made me pause and say &quot;What?&quot; in a long time. [NSFW]"
"College move out day"
"Dance Floor Collapse"
"Panic at the disco."
"Dropping the bass way too hard."
"'cause everybody digs a swingin' cat"
"Drop the Bass"
"Dancing Dancing Dancing!!!"
"Drop it!"
"Drop the Dancefloor"
"Drop the bass"
"Evacuate the dance floor"
"fatality."
"Today were going to make a new floor."
"Maybe she should try duck or candlepin."
"Done playing Imgur roulette for today."
"Yoink!"
"Bamboozled wallaby"
"What just...."
"How I feel when someone reposts off me and gets more upvotes."
"Unimpressed Obama"
"Obama is not impressed"
"President Obama is not impressed."
"So this happened: Obama and McKayla not impressed (via White House)"
"When I downvote a link with 999 karma"
"I think she made a friend"
"I think she made a friend [FTFY]"
"Found this in Google Images while searching for &quot;Fetal Alcohol Syndrome.&quot; I don't even...."
"I raise your Googled username find with.. well  this."
"Soon."
"Welcome to the real world"
"Welcome to the real world."
"Favourite moment from Wilfred"
"Night Cruisin'"
"Night-Time Crusie"
"Night-Time Cruise."
"This kid knows what's up"
"Meat America everyone"
"Found this in a bus stop across the street from my office"
"Found this in a bus stop across the street from my office"
"Take Life By The Balls"
"It never ends..."
"How I put parmesan on my food when I'm at home away from the judgmental eyes of the wait staff."
"Certainly a repost  but something I think about everytime r/circlejerk or r/adviceanimals (same thing sometimes) complains about this subreddit  and how we're all assholes."
"Reddit while having breakfast"
"Be this guy."
"So close!"
"ooh god!"
"And then there is me."
"How to confuse the hell out of a black guy"
"Poster ad for the Canadian Paralympics"
"As an Atheist  Its ok to have just a LITTLE fun with Religion.(Only game I'm just fine with losing)"
"Damn  I lost...or did I?"
"White girl problems."
"White Girl Problems"
"Relaxing Bath"
"What do you mean that's not the answer!?"
"When I almost slip but I somehow regain my balance"
"Honey  I'm home"
"Beets by Dre"
"Beats by dwight."
"Dr. Shrute"
"I live in the south and I laughed a little too hard at this."
"Thought it would be funny...turned out weird!"
"Turn that frown upside down!"
"Happy cat of Creepy cat?"
"Made me chuckle."
"My amazing photoshop skills bring you Grumpy Cats long lost twin brother  I present to you... Smirky Cat"
"Smile Dammit"
"grumpy cats favorite day"
"Spelling mistake?"
"Reddit co-founder Aaron Swartz commits suicide"
"Feeling like a G in the club with my friends"
"So I went to the bronx zoo *really* high about a year ago..."
"Dat new dance gif."
"In da Club"
"Express yourself  furries"
"PED"
"Who's worse than Pedobear?"
"If you enjoyed the movie Ted you will love this next box office hit"
"How I imagine the leader of anti-Semitic party in Hungary felt after he discovered he is Jewish. [fixed]"
"My coworker's adopted Asian daughter is &quot;racist&quot; towards Asians due to ill treatment back in Vietnam  made me think of this."
"The ultimate Nyan Cat art"
"baby deer"
"Just a beautiful baby fawn."
"This was my instrument of choice  when i was a child."
"Just take a look. I know u want it."
"THEY'RE SO FURRY!"
"Look."
"Just look"
"Sloth Superstar"
"Why Hello There."
"Best Friends"
"Why? FUCK YOU  THAT'S WHY."
"Take Pillow... Establish Dominance"
"When i don't get mah little plane sandwich's i get mad."
"Giraffes cannot eat tomatoes. End of story."
"I have no idea what is going on here. However: Space Cats."
"Megabat: Acerodon jubatus. Not sure if in awe or scared..."
"That's a big fucking bat! (Pteropus Vampyrus)"
"That's a big fucking bat!"
"The giant golden-crowned flying fox (Acerodon jubatus)"
"peacock spider"
"Pip pip!"
"What is it?"
"I mustache you a question"
"If cotton balls were alive"
"cats are awesome"
"Just got paid  put in my two weeks  and going to be moving soon. This is how I feel right now."
"When you were over a friends house as a kid and something broke.."
"Reasons I took Chem in High School"
"90's Pokemon commercial.. wait  what?!"
"It's as old as the Internet  but it still makes me laugh uproariously."
"Some of the best comments from the r/soccer and r/NFL April Fools switch"
"Some of the best comments from the r/soccer and r/NFL April Fools switch (xpost from r/soccer)"
"Someone really really really like their car (NSFW)"
"Beware"
"Beware of Dog."
"Yes  this is dog."
"Yeah  there's no need to anymore"
"Look at my horse  my horse is amazing"
"Retarded Running horse"
".gif of artillery strike on Syrian rebels"
"Incredible Photograph Captures Exact Moment of Tank Shell Hitting Against Syrian Rebels"
"Perfect Camera Angle"
"Bad Barney"
"4chan on feeling suicidal - downright inspirational."
"I laughed  I'm going to hell..."
"Have you ever seen anyone fall UP and escalator??"
"...and not a single fuck given."
"Best &quot;perp walk&quot; ever."
"Youtube comments can brighten your day sometimes..."
"An Amazing Statue I found in Italy"
"Statue located in France created by Bruno Catalano"
"Nature's toothbrush for your colon...?"
"Celery--Nature's toothbrush for your colon!"
"Celery: Nature's Toothbrush"
"OUIIIIIIIIIII!"
"I loved watching these guys growing up"
"Time for them to start this show up again. There has been more than enough crappy movies made lately to ensure its reboot be a success  pending Dane Cook is not allowed near it."
"how attractive..."
"Rock Pillows!"
"Redditor drops huge stones on innocent sleeping kids  all for that rocking karma."
"In a world of only one choice the octopus loses..."
"You shall not pass"
"You shall not pass"
"When ever someone i dont like starts following me around"
"This is what I feel like watching a video tutorial and doing it at the same time"
"Two redditors posting the same thing at the same time"
"Congratulations on your new printer!"
"Beautiful picture of the sky shining a lake"
"THEY ARE REAL."
"These guys look familiar for some reason."
"BURRRRRRNNNNN!!!!!"
"My General Reaction When Playing Black Mesa for the first time"
"Video games at a [10]"
"dear lord this is frightening"
"Wacky ol' McCain"
"Took the train today..."
"The Last Downvoter"
"Hey Leon  lemme have some of that!"
"How I feel when I go out to dinner with women that never order enough food."
"And so ends 20 years of frustration."
"How to fold a fitted sheet"
"No Friggin Way"
"How to fold a fitted sheet. Xpost from /r/wtf"
"WHAT THE HELL GUYS!?!?!? SHEETS!?!?!?!?"
"Best photobomb ever?!?"
"Baby grizzly bear"
"Looking for a smackeral of honey"
"Go home pandora  you're drunk"
"Possibly the funniest TV show ever?"
"somebody needs to put these guys back on TV [FIXED]"
"I looked up H1N1 symptoms on Google and found this..."
"This guy makes some awesome WTF gifs."
"Hi there. Thanks for the beverage."
"Door latch pirate design win"
"It's that time of year again..."
"If this is a repost I haven't seen it before."
"duly noted"
"Forever alone? Maybe you're driving the wrong car."
"Ultimate Photobomb"
"What has 2 legs  2 hands and tastes amazing."
"two of america's most hated put together"
"cute little owl"
"Don't mess with baby gerbils"
"Such a cute little animal"
"Gravity defying cat."
"This is real jump(GIF)"
"I wish I had a suitcase aswell."
"I do too."
"Birthday addicted boy strikes again"
"I fucking love cake!"
"Bringing his A game"
"Ancient Monastery in Armenia - Looks like what's left of Hogwarts"
"How I feel when someone links Reddit Switcheroo"
"The Bus Knight [repost #10]"
"The Bus Knight"
"Amazing true story! [OC]"
"The Bus Knight."
"Stick bending"
"cutlery dispute"
"drunk baby on an adventure"
"gigantic cat with its master of world dominion."
"(x-post from cute) worlds smallest man with his cat."
"You can do it. We can help."
"Restrooms."
"MRI scan of an artichoke [gif]"
"Living On The Edge"
"Enjoying the View"
"If you believe in something pursue it."
"Come on babe  I swear it was the tooth fairy."
"I swear this happens every time."
"I KNEW IT!"
"I'm not sure what I just saw"
"It does wonders"
"He can have any woman he wants."
"He can have any woman he wants."
"How I feel when I get an upvote."
"High 5 Bro!"
"How it feels to get multiple consecutive downvotes"
"Dog Thoughts"
"Penn Jillette makes a strong point."
"holy shit. I think Penn Jillette inadvertently devised an experiment that can prove whether God is real or not"
"Nighty night!"
"Para despertarse...  Risa (en NSFW) NSFW!!!"
"20 more minutes hone ... you right  it is time for bed!"
"Good Better Best"
"Trolling cops."
"Ultimate Fictional Characters Fighting"
"I always laugh at this."
"Slide"
"ha ha love this...'hamster slide'"
"um.. i'm stuck"
"How I feel lately..."
"My new kittens best Gene Simmons impression"
"Ruins."
"Tah Prohm  800 year old temple ruins that was once home to over 12 000 people."
"Release the Kraken!"
"starry dark knight."
"Does that count?"
"Jawsome!"
"So  this just appeared on my news feed"
"Will the Real James Holmes please Stand Up!"
"This is circulating the internet..... Really guys?"
"Really  Facebook?"
"To whomever made this - You need an ass kicking."
"Luger pistol (Parabellum) slow motion"
"Luger pistol (Parabellum) slow motion"
"Just saw this on the front page of r/guns  but it looked oddly familiar..."
"Bread Cat FTW"
"Pweeze don't eat toast for breakfast!"
"How I feel seeing the amount of PMs I get after writing a dirty comment."
"Dude! That's not a bug!"
"Tastes like glowing"
"Bit off more than he can chew"
"No wonder why The Joker and Batman never got along..."
"Don't worry... he will come"
"What did you think of The Dark Knight?"
"I don't remember this episode of Ren &amp; Stimpy"
"When showering with a girl"
"So  I'm teaching my 7 yr old daughter photoshop..."
"I couldn't agree more  Mr. Bean."
"I have a new found respect for Rowan Atkinson (Mr. Bean)"
"You don't say?"
"How it feels.."
"I'm looking for cool wallpapers. Here's my favorite  put yours in the comments?"
"Unsubscribed from r/atheism"
"Ruthless never looked so cute."
"How to brush your teeth like a man"
"You don't brush like this  you no man"
"Found this online i think he had to shave after this!!!"
"That's How A Real Man Does It."
"THIS IS HOW A REAL MAN DOES IT."
"Awwww"
"Awwww (x-post from r/aww)"
"FAITH IN HUMANITY = RESTORED"
"Never been with a one legged chick before"
"Hello Ladies..."
"Just thinking about stuff..."
"Why him?!!! It should have been me!!! (fb)"
"Zelda's in trouble! must hurry"
"I don't think that that's going to work..."
"Eight and a Half Inches"
"my bunny had babies this is the one we kept:)"
"The cutest ^___^"
"...What?"
"Come closer bear..."
"Just some dogs playing jump rope"
"Dogs. Jumping rope. That is all."
"Crazy Dogs"
"JUMP JUMP JUMP!"
"i don't think this plan was thought through well"
"How I feel wearing my girlfriends hat."
"After Every Single One Of My Posts on /aww"
"Watering Plants Rage"
"but I did it because I like you"
"Not sure if trying to help  or trying to hump..."
"Cute Chubby Penguin"
"Judgement Day is here....."
"I can't even... So ... Freakin... Cute"
"Mods are asleep: Post third-world anrcists!"
"worst gif ever."
"The real reason why men leave the toilet seat up."
"NOPE?"
"I just got done watching Arachnophobia for the first time in years. I find myself doing this every time."
"Mother of God..."
"The Greatest Prank Nintendo Ever Pulled (Actually)"
"Cake day has finally come  couldn't find a picture of my dogs  so will this do?"
"My favorite gif at the moment..."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"My new lockscreen"
"&quot;When I go into my favorite/regular bar and don't know anyone&quot;"
"Zach Braff on sports."
"Almost Finished Downloading?"
"I'm...not sure what to think anymore."
"Saved these little guys from a vicious death at the hands of [Insert terrible thing here]."
"Robert Downey Jr. Enough said."
"When I try to get something important done..."
"Dexter"
"My friend and I made a mashup chain. Some got scrambled in the process though"
"How Cocaine  Meth  and Bath Salts effect the brain and dopamine."
"Spiders are underestimated! Here's a baby one:"
"Even baby spiders can be cute!"
"Frozen lake"
"would this scare you?"
"How about a low five for my cake day?"
"Get at me BRO"
"Whenever I drop the soap in my shower..."
"How I feel when I have a great joke and I mess up the punchline"
"This has to be my favorite CFB gif. The look on his face is priceless. Post some of your favorites too."
"As an Aussie  this is how I see all of your damn football."
"Best trolling ever"
"have you ever been this happy?"
"A challenge that might require the collective will of the entire internet. Who can identify all the models in the famous Pink Floyd back catalogue photo?"
"Personal favorite Splash Mountain pic"
"Now that's advertising."
"Quite possibly one of the best advertisements I have ever seen."
"Truly  this is the worst tattoo you could possibly get!"
"It's not offensive  it's scientific!"
"I'm going to hell for laughing. Wanna come too?"
"NYC: Night/Day pic.... pretty amazing!"
"The truth"
"What I think after the debates and over a year of campaigning"
"Ghetto Wars!"
"Ghetto Metal Pipe Fight"
"What i imagine everytime i see a fight"
"Oh shit"
"well i guess that's that"
"A new era of nope..."
"The Mayans were right..."
"Me and my fiance when he's watching football"
"When I to get lucky and my wife is mad..."
"I wish my boss was this cool"
"Saw Romney was up to 50% in polls. All I could think of was this."
"Nothing to see here"
"Venn Diagram"
"Meanwhile  in Japan"
"What? No Hello Kitty?"
"Wait for it..."
"This is one of her more dramatic photoshoots"
"How I walked into my house after getting laid for the first time in months"
"Walking out of your room after having some fun and your friends are outside."
"Poor Jorge"
"Corgi catching snowball in slow motion [gif]"
"Found this on r/corgi. definately thought it belonged here."
"Saw this on facebook  LOL'd so hard (Too much irony)"
"My dad failed to read the card before giving it to my mom."
"My Dad should read the card before buying in future"
"Why i can't trust the internet anymore..."
"Canadian Lynx"
"Canadian Lynx (FIXED)"
"One GB 20 Years Ago vs. today."
"A 1GB hard drive from 1981  weighing in at 34kg (75lbs) and a price tag of $81 000"
"Hey Come Back"
"Thanksgiving..."
"Father/Halloween Costume (found on my friend's facebook)"
"That's why you don't let Dad buy Halloween costumes."
"Mom bought the costumes ever since"
"Redneck Trick-Or-Treating. Now that's some damn good parentin'."
"Parenting: You're doing it wrong."
"If you had this  you were the coolest kid on the block. (fixed)"
"If you had this  you were the coolest kid on the block [FIXED]"
"If you had this  you were the coolest kid on the block (Fixed)"
"Lamprey  easily the most terrifying thing I've seen today."
"Lamprey: far too many teeth to count"
"This game consumed my soul back in 2005."
"I... I don't know how to respond to this. [NSFW]"
"Karstic peaks at Guilin in China"
"Redditor stalks Bill Nye  breaks into his house and steals his year book  all for a little scientific karma."
"The trees outside my house form almost a complete range of colour."
"Assholes always win"
"You Were Wrong"
"this is how i feel trying to go to bed after redditing"
"Theodore Roosevelt  Americas greatest president."
"Got a bit drunk and decided to recreate the Stingray pic with my girlfriends..."
"I need one of these..."
"How I feel when I pee when I'm drunk."
"Thank you fellow Redditor for this helpful review"
"a good woman who can cook..."
"Friend left his Facebook logged in on my phone. I figure I'd have a little fun."
"Run bro"
"I'm at the hospital for severe irony burns right now."
"Here's some Facebook WTF regarding the shooting in Colorado. I can't handle the stupid."
"Reddit  let's get this done."
"To Christian Bale"
"Not sure if stupid or just trolling. (sorry for screen shot)"
"Troll dad level 1000"
"Excuse me Walmart but you have some explaining to do."
"Whole lotta bling"
"So this just popped up on my news feed. I'm not quiet sure what to think of it."
"It's Friday  motherfuckers!"
"My Friday Dance"
"Donald Trump"
"C&amp;H doing its best AMA impression"
"Boop!"
"Dat ass (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Let me help you there."
"Sorry ma'am just thought I smelled tuna"
"That is just too much sexy...."
"The Original YOLO"
"Not right now. Batman is busy!"
"Batman's day off"
"This is Sparta?"
"Quit my job of 7 years today. This is how it felt."
"Things Jean-Claude van Damme said (attenuated)"
"When my family is gone and I have the 'house' to myself..."
"HECK YAUH"
"So my big sister decided to use this as a wallpaper because she thought it was cute. She had no idea what it was."
"Anyone going to San Francisco?"
"Bad Ass High Heels..."
"Worst part of my childhood"
"Finally  a Wii Sports I actually want to play."
"I wondered why people in the bathroom were shouting GOOOAAALLL!!! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Don't you  Squidward?"
"Just Obama meeting a Pirate."
"Arrr!! This is why I love Obama  he believes in diplomacy!"
"Once you go black in 3D"
"Seems pretty legit to me."
"Woman claims watching 3D porno film made her pregnant."
"3d pornos and immaculate conception..."
"I think this qualifies...."
"WTF? Woman becomes pregnant through watching a 3D porno?"
"Typed in &quot; weird&quot; on google...."
"How I feel when I phase out in math and then snap back and look at the board."
"An age of [social] Empires"
"I survived 5 minutes on r/christianity  Then I was like..."
"When getting a girl the day after a breakup."
"The stereotype that makes white people roll their eyes"
"Just saw this RPG at my local Social Democratic Labour Party meeting"
"You'll never guess who this is...."
"Ancient World Problems"
"Shit like this reddit"
"Jetpacking squirrels."
"Tiny piglet hugging a strawberry"
"I need a micro-piglet."
"Moves like Jesus!"
"Jesus breaks it down for the crew."
"Maybe it's just me  but the level of effort and genius here is simply incomprehensible."
"The most glorious mullet of all time."
"Saving his cat from choking on a mouse  this man contracted Bubonic Plague"
"Saving his Cat from choking on a mouse  this man contracted Bubonic Plague.."
"I had to shank him"
"Poetry of Nature"
"I about craped myself. I hope this isn't real."
"Just enjoying a carrot"
"Outdoor Pool Table"
"How I feel as a male commenting in /r/TwoXChromosomes/"
"Your music's bad and you should feel bad"
"Move bitch!"
"How I feel getting a Samsung Galaxy s3 the day the Iphone 5 comes out."
"YouTube describing Dubstep"
"Bacon and Eggs"
"Don't eat the eggs!!!"
"when I think my post will make it to the front page"
"Watching people jump on the 90's fap-wagon..."
"Sadimir Poutin'"
"Only in Canada."
"I upgraded my iPhone to IOS 6 for the turn-by-turn navigation..."
"My reaction when I get too many down votes"
"Nobody."
"The Beatles."
"Past  Present  Future?"
"The Evolution of Mankind."
"Didn't have much for my Cake Day  so here's a pic of a dog sleeping with his tongue out [GIF]"
"A Lonely Cat"
"How I picture any executives on Reddit..."
"A day in the life of business cat."
"Business Cat"
"A day in the life of business cat."
"Business cat taking care of cat business."
"A Beautiful Disaster: Trinity Nuclear Test  1945"
"Dead puppies aren't much fun"
"That made everything alot clearer"
"Good to see you"
"Clever packaging  Japan"
"Found some Facebook gold"
"Figured you guys would enjoy this. Tarantino vs Coen."
"There is no society in human history that ever suffered because its people became too reasonable. -Sam Harris"
"Fuck no."
"Stubhub twitter account got hacked"
"I think this is the plot to V for Vendetta"
"My friend's tweets around Christmas"
"Ken Jennings to do an AMA"
"This guy is always making me laugh."
"Guy tip"
"Direct quote. Not shitting you."
"This made me so happy when I read it"
"My account was at 11 months and I found it mysteriously deleted today.."
"2 in 1"
"Watching my parents use the computer"
"So I got to see my brother drive for the first time..."
"Suddenly..."
"Dad at Justin Beiber concert"
"Capitalism"
"Capitalism"
"Brazzers: because insinuation makes anything dirty."
"Mmm  turtles"
"The narwhal has baconed"
"I present... Bacon Turtles"
"Wait for it."
"Just plain scary... had never seen anything like this"
"Double moose hit !"
"look out!"
"Parties..."
"Optimism"
"A different point of view"
"optimism  pessimism and the internet"
"Public School Teaching Fail."
"15 minutes!"
"Blue eyes."
"Pokemon gone sexual (x-post from r/pokrmon"
"Dafuq did I just read"
"Apparently  it was custom made."
"4Chandelier"
"Over a Billion Fooled"
"PEANUT BUTTER YOU CRAZY"
"So Would This Be a Bicorn?"
"Rock. Paper. Scissors."
"Hospital food"
"After a week long family vacation."
"Stephen Hawking in 1963 - looking dapper"
"Real Life Hacks. All in one picture."
"Whoops-a-daisy."
"&quot;The classic look all the time&quot;"
"When it's time to go to bed..."
"Time for bed!"
"The things you find in washrooms.."
"Aquaman's dark intentions revealed"
"Aquaman's revenge"
"Laughed so hard at a part of my childhood being destroyed..."
"Hyper realistic art; Moghadishu rebels"
"a man walks into a bar with a gun..."
"A man walks in to a bar."
"No gold for you!"
"So close..."
"For you Zelda fans."
"So sleepy!"
"Waking up after a long night of hard drinking..."
"GottaChugEmAll"
"Fuck Aquaman"
"Beautiful Sunrise"
"Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji"
"Troll Cat"
"And not a single fuck was given."
"cause fucking cats  bro"
"Cats are Jerks"
"Cats are great."
"They just don't give a fuck."
"Don't work out around fat cats"
"Cats don't like your weight loss efforts"
"You know you're JELLY!"
"Jello Orange Gamut"
"Miraculous Oranges Made of Jello Shots... Checkmate Atheists!"
"Cats love it!"
"Your cat will love it!"
"Unicat."
"A must have for any cat owner"
"A must have for any cat owner"
"Perfect metaphor of me and the universe.Except I am the cat..."
"Reddit must love our fatheads!!!"
"Mmmm...Bacon."
"You're never too young to start loving bacon!"
"meet my little bear cub...i mean puppy."
"Photoshop is so much fun."
"President Barack H. Obama"
"How I Feel When Your Dog is Cuter Than Mine"
"My impression of people who downvote anything good/heart-wrenching on Reddit"
"When there are too many r/aww posts on the front page [x-post from r/gifs]"
"How I Imagine People Downvoting Posts On r/aww"
"Every time I post a picture of my pets to r/aww"
"They be stealin' me bucket!"
"Still a better love story than twilight..."
"Still my all-favourite picture."
"How a little Skeptic turns Atheist"
"Zoobooks!"
"OM NOM NOM NOM! (GIF)"
"...Sometimes on this subreddit..."
"How I felt after seeing r/SpaceDicks for the first time"
"America."
"I have no clue whats going on here  but i think i like it"
"looked up &quot;classy velociraptor&quot;  Google did not disapoint"
"Just Obama riding a velociraptor while firing an SMG with an RPG strapped to his back."
"Seems legit"
"Uncle motherfuckin Sam"
"this series kept me entertained in elementary school"
"Too Soon?"
"ignorant girl."
"Sick days"
"Today  no fucks were given."
"OMG! I can't believe it!"
"...Fuck it"
"Bedtime already?"
"Get yourself checked..."
"How many of us enjoyed these in elementary school?"
"Call for a good time"
"Phone number in a bathroom?"
"Cracks me up every time"
"You do it too  don't lie"
"Every man - everywhere."
"If this is real - I want one"
"pygmy marmoset"
"i wish i had 100 of them"
"Oh  this little guy! (x-post from r/aww)"
"LIKE  OH MY GOD!"
"The Simpsons Show Us Why iPhone Users Are So Excited"
"This is how I feel after a bad day when i get on reddit"
"MFW I wake up to a cold day  then realize that means it's yoga-pants day on campus"
"Soon...."
"How I feel now that its my cakeday"
"How reddit treats my first cakeday."
"HE'S SO CUTE!"
"Just a hamster on a swing. Nothing to see here folks."
"Just hangin' out."
"Yo dawg..."
"Third World Success Kid and Milestones"
"Introduced my friend to meme's today  this was the result"
"And yet another example of horrible misuse of memes. Found it on my newsfeed."
"OWNED."
"Some Things Never Changed"
"Drinking beer like a boss!"
"Passionate masturbator on the prowl."
"Passionate masturbator on the prowl... (repost from WTF)"
"I see myself as a passionate masturbator  but maybe not this passionate..."
"Why I always buy at least three boxes of Thin Mints [Pic]"
"No Kitty's were harmed in the making of this explosion."
"It's my cake day  so I thought I'd share the cutest version of my username."
"She should definitely smile more often"
"It's playing with the ducks!"
"&quot;I don't even know what a god damn duck looks like  but give me Karma anyway because baby elephant&quot; /facepalm"
"...don't you guys want to play?"
"Selling a magazine to a woman:"
"With an eggbeater?!?! WTF!"
"Rugrats conspiracy. mind = blown."
"Better than begging"
"The vast majority of Facebook post."
"The vast majority of Facebook posts."
"Oh shit  today is my cake day. Reddit must care  right?!"
"As a bearded Muslim  this is how I feel every time I'm at the airport"
"My favourite 'bean scene' in a GIF"
"Every time I give someone my id!"
"This is what I have to do when a cop looks at my drivers licence"
"Mean while robberies in Russia have a different outcome."
"Now this  THIS is a good question"
"Invincible slider"
"running cat is running"
"Cat on a slide"
"Cat on a slide"
"I think I just had an orgasm..."
"My sister came home and found this..."
"Guys after Sex"
"My sister came home and found this... *FIXED*"
"My sister came home and found this... (Fixed)"
"Well that's exactly how I feel without pants on."
"I also made you a poster to hang up where ever you want."
"Anybody remember this one?"
"In response to &quot;Every game's cover nowadays.&quot; game art with people/characters to a background is nothing new."
"He ran into me I swear!"
"Any time I try to post something"
"My March Madness bracket this year"
"When I use internet explorer..."
"What happens to my comment on Reddit when I think it's witty."
"The Moon Bridge In Taipei"
"Moon Bridge Taiwan"
"Moon Bridge"
"How I felt when I realized that the inside of eggs is actually menstrual fluid"
"As a twin  when someone asks me if we have the same middle name"
"Surprisingly relevant xpost from /r/Iam14andthisisfunny  in light of Emma Watson's recent announcement..."
"The Cookie Monster"
"Oh  Hai"
"Never fly too low."
"Hey  how is your flight?"
"Free box!"
"Free box!!"
"I guess I didn't need to piss that bad."
"Very well done Mercedes-Benz ad"
"The Brain"
"Left Brain vs Right Brain"
"hahahah"
"The new i-phone connects with youtube..."
"Getting here is nice  but I feel like doing it without raging once is even more of an accomplishment."
"One of the hardest things I have ever done"
"Do you know why I'm standing here?"
"The most uncomfortable jump pic ever"
"This girl's hair formed a perfect hair beard when she jumped in the air"
"This girl's hair formed a perfect hair beard when she jumped in the air (x-post from r/mildlyinteresting)"
"This girl's hair formed a perfect beard when she jumped in the air"
"what is love?"
"Guy plays 90's hits"
"Nugget Biscuit"
"Since it's a Blue Moon tonight  I'm going all Out!"
"How I feel when my post gets downvoted on my birthday"
"Just a soldier and his kitten."
"1943 - U.S. Marine feeding a kitten (x-post from cuteguyswithcats)"
"The Redneck Stretch &quot;Limo&quot;"
"True Story"
"Dem asians(xpost /r/4chan)"
"Shit just got real on the subway."
"The nope-cut."
"Now THAT'S some IRL karma"
"Pew! Pew! Pew!"
"Keeping warm and taking a nap"
"Mr. Cat mustache you a question? How are you doing up there?"
"Half human. Half cat"
"Well... Thats not nice."
"Like a motha' fuckin boss"
"Because escalators are just too damn slow!"
"This little guy is awesome"
"I'm flying!"
"Worst part of vacations"
"Kids These Days..."
"Don't we all know it...."
"Atlanta problems"
"Southwest airlines"
"&quot;I like Big Bird.&quot; [OC]"
"Romney is stepping out!"
"I Love Big Bird"
"A tale of triumph"
"Keeping man's best friend in line"
"It's a bird  it's a plane... [gif]"
"What a fucking rip-off..."
"A typical chinese sandwich..."
"If this isn't a Cakeday gif  I don't know what is"
"Rascal... Did you pee on the carpet?"
"&quot;Hey honey  let me buy you a drink&quot;."
"Those eyes."
"Alright... fess up!"
"They really don't give a fuck"
"Just a viking holding an AK-47 while riding a unicorn in space. No biggie"
"How I look explaining anything computer wise to my grandma."
"This is why my family calls me these days."
"This is exactly how I feel after 15 min of support call"
"I started a new job after graduation. This is how excited I am to get home after a full 40 hour work week."
"How I feel walking home on Fridays."
"Never been so thirsty in my life"
"Spent the last past 15 minutes looking up gifs that match any music...I think I found a winner."
"Cut My Life Into Pizzas..."
"Cut my life into pizza"
"This is me when I hear even the smallest noise when I'm home alone at night"
"Believable"
"I believe i can fly"
"NOM NOM"
"Found this gif on my friends phone  I'm slightly concerned"
"Garfield  the original kitty derp."
"Gotta love this"
"Forever a cookie"
"Forever Alone..."
"Butterfly killer"
"Painting a Squirrel"
"Just for the record...THIS GUY has the biggest balls [NSFW]"
"Which South Park episode was this from?"
"DEEZ NUTZ"
"Big Balls"
"Comfy spot for a nap"
"Lost in the embrace of Gabe's sweet bosom."
"Friday."
"When the package I've been waiting for finally comes"
"Jenga anyone?"
":D"
"FINISH HIM"
"Wow Thats a cool movement she made"
"Wow Thats a cool movement she made"
"wanna try fight this girl?"
"Every morning..."
"Cute Puppy!"
"Cute puppy  but what up with this dude? Disgusting."
"Uploading pictures of my cat to the internet (Courtesy of Bubbles)"
"Chutulosaurus Rex"
"Bible Drinking Game"
"Invasive government"
"What Guys Slapping Girls' Asses In Porn Does For Me [SFW]"
"This is why I grow a beard [FIXED]"
"When You See It..."
"When you see it"
"Bunnies in cups."
"Evolution of the Batman Logo"
"Yeah  pretty sure this belongs here."
"Ever since I started playing PT2 of Borderlands 2. I feel like I say this wayyy too much to my team mates."
"...and no fucks where given that day."
"When people poke me"
"Picking a fight"
"Just another day at the office for this guy"
"She may look clean but..."
"Growing up with the name Sam  this is what I think of Dr. Seuss."
"Big owl and baby owl"
"Big owl and baby owl (x-post from r/pics)"
"discovering that Nickleback is my brother's favorite band"
"Sneak Attack Fail"
"aphex triplet"
"Whenever i try to look excited for a present."
"Just realised it's my cake day..."
"Duct tape when in doubt....."
"The Innernette"
"Hey Guys! Look what I found in my basement!"
"Who's the man?"
"Who's the Man?"
"what the hell is that?"
"Scat Man"
"When my laptop tells me I have 2 minutes of battery power left."
"Whenever I meet a girl and we have something in common"
"Whenever me and a girl have something in common."
"Troutstanding!"
"Toddlers &amp; Tiaras"
"The Sun."
"So this is a real movie..."
"Real-life Patrick Star. Cannot unsee."
"Found this while going through that rajskins guy's history and it's killing me (shamelessly reposting)"
"Lightning storm in Austin  TX on Sunday  May 6"
"Tan Lines"
"Texas Tan Line"
"No  but for real. How does it feel to be a cat?"
"Possibly a redditor's dream girl"
"I think about it too..."
"when ever I see a girl dancing to a song that's talking shit about women"
"So...there's this..."
"This kid gives me nightmares"
"Cat trippin balls off cat nip.."
"Hipster kitty?"
"A bit of dubstep cat to brighten your day."
"You found me"
"Is that right  boss?"
"An honest boss. [fb]"
"honest boss"
"They're evolving....."
"when i found out my parents were santa"
"Amn't Aiy So Funneh?"
"Soon"
"Found Steve Irwin's private plane"
"Skyrimmer"
"Don't mind me  just dropping by!"
"A man wearing a shiny future suit surfing on a crocodile through the sky."
"Common consent"
"Onions &amp; Crying"
"What's it called again  well they'll know what I mean..."
"Fuck this made me cry lol..."
"It works"
"There was a storm at Brisbane airport today."
"This is why the airport is closed (cross post from /r/Brisbane)"
"Lightning hitting a plane"
"My Mum took this photo of the plane she was about to board."
"Party monkey is all partied out...."
"Dude  I partied like an animal last night"
"Still my favorite pic from the Internet."
"Lookout!"
"Don't you hate when this happens?"
"Video game logic."
"So thats why The North won!"
"Badass Presidents"
"Drawn Plans for Stowing Slaves on Ships During the Slave Trade"
"Oh pre 9-11 pilots..."
"Doesn't she look beautiful???"
"nailed it..."
"Perfect"
"You nerds don't know the meaning of embarrassment"
"University of Texas evacuated due to &quot;threats on campus.&quot; In other news  Alabama and Mississippi have flip-flopped on the issue."
"And just like that  Fox News wiped Arkansas off the map"
"Bing Maps  to the rescue!"
"...Fox News. Merica."
"Fox News Geography Fail"
"Today  Fox news announced Alabama will now become Mississippi  Mississippi will now become Alabama  and Arkansas borders are now part of Missouri."
"Proof that watching Fox News makes you dumber."
"Like a boss"
"In her face"
"Great relationship advice..."
"Blow in her face"
"Dog Homie"
"So pumpkin carving has been a secret obsession of mine ever since I was a kid. Each year I try to do something awesome  here's what I did last year (before I was on reddit)"
"I did this a year ago  but have no way to verify it other than my FB page  but here's my pumpkin carving from last year."
"Hopefully one day I'll visit someplace like this..."
"And they say Aquaman is useless..."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"They see me...flying?"
"The real reason you should be terrified of Paul Ryan (x-post /r/PoliticalHumor)."
"Unfreakingcanny"
"I can't hear you"
"Lex Luthor is a terrible person."
"An octopus made of land [pic]"
"I think this would make the game infinitely better."
"Half-life 2: doing it right?"
"Carlton Freeman"
"The obvious Gordon Freeman pick"
"Buddy left his reddit open on my computer.... Enjoy!"
"The Three States of Matter"
"The Ultimate Upvote gif"
"I would have said the same thing [x-post from ImGoingToHellForThis]"
"saw this on /r/imgoingtohellforthis"
"Birth of a karma machine"
"So Cute it Hurts."
"The thug life chose me."
"This Guy"
"Honey  could you bring me some toilet paper?"
"Me after Chipotle"
"How I feel when I'm taking a nice long poop"
"When you have explosive diarrhea  allowing you to miss work for the day"
"Elmo Po pi po"
"this seems appropriate for the gif"
"Mind = Blown (Simpsons Related)"
"The original crappy ending"
"Only one game taught us about the inevitability of failure"
"Turns out Dyson makes Gravity Hammers"
"Just Santa getting ready..."
"The Golden Gate"
"I do not have a suitable title for this picture."
"Perfect Fit. Possibly [NSFW]"
"500 Days of Summer...how it should have been"
"English instead of German [FB]"
"Be afraid!"
"This guy doesn't mess around!"
"Star Bear"
"Kung Fu Fighting - [3:08]"
"Muslims riots in the streets of London after American's blasphemous acts"
"Hmmm.... too many carrots? I don't think so."
"Rub my tummy."
"I was feeling down and my friend sent me this..."
"The most expensive scene in silent movie history"
"Whenever I try to jump aboard a karma train in the comments..."
"What it's like being on Reddit"
"When I see a friend browsing 9GAG"
"Was searching for Dodgeball costume ideas and found this instead"
"After 41 years of marriage  my parents still know how to embarrass their kids."
"My parents are embarrassing..."
"My response when someone says they're moving to Canada because of Obamacare (XKCD)"
"If you die in canada  you die in real life!"
"Fitness plan after my own heart"
"I didnt save him from anything  but here is my cute puppy anyway!"
"Puppy Cutiness"
"Grandma had a great Xmas. Sadly this is the last known photo of her."
"OG Grandma"
"My dream car..."
"Stars Wars Cars"
"Hey pal  give me a push will ya?"
"yo"
"I`m a swinger"
"How's It Going? Are You Flowing?"
"They see me swingin'  they hatin'..."
"We all know who really should be president."
"Eyes of Innocence"
"Anyone Have A High Res Copy Of This?"
"Girl punching a sheep in the face [x-post from r/wallpaper]"
"Exodus  episode IV"
"From my friend.. I... I MUST HAVE IT!"
"The sad  sad truth"
"Hitman: The Movie"
"I see your Lenin and raise you Hitler."
"Pika-chuu"
"Everything went better than expected"
"I want to imagine that he's listening to Dr. Dre."
"The girl is probably wondering  &quot;Why is he carrying around that big ol' iPod dock?&quot;"
"What I expect to hear everytime I open my mouth after 20 minutes of 'The Big Bang Theory' being on in the room. I'm usally disappointed."
"Vietnam Dog has horrible flashbacks... Even Cupcakes can't save him"
"Every time I see this gif  this song comes to mind."
"LacryDOGsa"
"Viet Cupcakes"
"I would watch this movie"
"The things he's seen..."
"NOOOOOOOooooooooooooo!"
"This is how I feel when I hear people talking about Christmas already"
"Jerry  you're a dick"
"Shit is about to go DOWN!"
"Smooth moves Jerry"
"Dammit Jerry."
"BURN! by a pug"
"Damnit  Jerry."
"When I try to make food at 2AM (x-post fom r/gif)"
"The most difficult decision of my life."
"Lost about 5 hours of progress because of this today. Can we get some specific timestamps please  Steam? &quot;Today&quot; doesn't cut it."
"Just once."
"A bouncing jello cube"
"Anyone else think &quot;Slimes&quot; when they saw this?"
"A bouncing Jello cube"
"WOOP WOOP WOOP WOOP"
"For all of the redditors that stayed home instead of partying"
"Wanted to help you guys out"
"Thug Life"
"NOT to be fucked with!"
"Chuck Norris's cat"
"Best present ever."
"His Holy Noodleyness and Raptor Jesus"
"FSM_and_Raptor_Jesus. Love this pic"
"Arguing With Creationists"
"Great quote by Thomas Paine"
"I miss these."
"Her dance of seduction is working."
"Whats the difference?"
"What's the difference?"
"You kno i never forgave u Koreans..."
"Iceberg"
"why Unicorns went extinct"
"thank you unicorn! i will never go without it now."
"Unicorn birth is no laughing matter"
"Unicorn pregnancies"
"Wut"
"You hate the food but you eat it anyway."
"When Imgur is down..."
"CEREAL"
"How I feel when a doomsday prediction date comes and goes."
"What it feels like going on Reddit a little drunk."
"The test. This fucking passes it."
"Walking out of my first and only exam before summer"
"How I feel driving by a cop while driving with an expired license."
"Beautiful heaven"
"The onslaught of nature"
"Just a compilation of Hentai quotes... [NSFW]"
"My 11 year old son is bad at the internet..."
"Wow  Google."
"And my BOW!"
"How good am I at mario Kart?"
"Spongebob's take on Rainbow Road."
"Jesus Condom"
"&quot;You can literally name your kid anything&quot; —Louis CK"
"Ghostbusters"
"This guy is a genius"
"Chemistry cat stand up comedy"
"Chemistry Cat"
"Anytime I open a r/WTF link"
"Band director catches field goal kick."
"My band director is a bad ass."
"And they say people in band can't play football"
"this was on my fb wall this morning"
"Police Medic..."
"Bill Nye the Fucking Science Guy"
"&quot;Husband Wolf  I'm pregnant.&quot; &quot;..That's great Wife Wolf..&quot;"
"They never remembered the day I was born"
"The perfect spot"
"So I was browing /r/tradingfaces and this appeared. High Octane Nightmare Fuel."
"Googled &quot;Julia Roberts crazy laugh.&quot; The results were quite more than satisfactory."
"All the comments on /r/trees today"
"Laughter  laughter  I get it huge mouth  WHAT......"
"Laughter. Laughter. I get it huge mouth. WHAT!!!!! (FIXED)"
"Fuck doors"
"Screw you glass I'm a man"
"How to blast away the competition at the costume party"
"Spoil dad this Father's Day"
"Being told to Hate something you Love"
"Bees"
"Paranormal Blacktivity 2: Taking Planking to a Whole New Level"
"Finally found a way to make sure I'm never late for school."
"TIL about a condition called Gangrene which can do this to your foot."
"Every time I go to a strip club"
"Everytime I'm supposed to do homework and I accidentally open reddit"
"How it feels as a 27 year old going back to community college."
"Huh?"
"Easily one of the most badass pictures ever taken."
"Wall Vengence"
"I'll just leave this here."
"Shine on  you crazy diamond"
"funny gif"
"After seeing you got the highest grade on your final in the class."
"That one day fame on Facebook because it's your birthday"
"That moment that your crush likes a photo of you."
"OMG it's Friday!"
"When I surpassed 100 comment karma"
"My boss said I could leave early today."
"My face when I finally hit front page with original content."
"What I did when I found out I surpassed my friend in karma."
"Wu Tang Clan Venn Diagram"
"This pretty much sums up my Redditing for today..."
"Now that we know where their base is  we can finally end this [fixed]"
"This is the actual county I live in."
"Yes  Yes I did"
"Yes  yes I did"
"Firefox on OkCupid"
"Ed  Edd and Eddy strut their stuff"
"My friends and I going to the beach this summer"
"So fresh"
"if yoda married an ewok"
"I can't for the life of me find the website. Help?"
"JPEG ----&gt; GIF ... wait for it."
"Kissing Booth"
"Chicken embryo viewed under a microscope"
"Say it to my face (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Say it to my face"
"When is enough enough"
"Stimulate your senses"
"5 gum: Taking the marketing to the next level"
"That cat found a wormhole"
"Hipster whale."
"I see your treacherous walkways in high places and raise you with a Jeep out for a drive."
"Driving on the edge."
"BALLS OF STEEL!"
"How I react when upvotes comes my way."
"I doubled my comment karma with a single post  so I made this gif to celebrate!"
"Me when a post of mine gets more than 3 upvotes"
"How I felt when my link karma went from 1 to 2."
"Me on my cakeday"
"How it feels getting upvotes on cake day"
"When I realized Neil DeGrasse Tyson is speaking at my Commencement"
"When I find a huge chunk of roast beef in my Au Jus cup ..."
"After going to an all boy high school for four years  this was me in my first college class that had girls in it.[FIXED]"
"Humans are evolving into something greater"
"/b/ likes Pokemon too!"
"Nothing on 4chan has made me laugh as hard as this"
"i was in a bar..."
"Time for some holiday decorating."
"Happy Festivus!"
"Real Life Bad Luck Brian"
"Just like every other picture day"
"Perspective."
"Earth's size"
"A nice size comparison to show just how tiny we are. (X-post from r/gifs)"
"Comparison of celestial objects (GIF)  How big do your problems feel now?"
"How I really feel when girls talk to me"
"Thaitanic"
"heal the tank"
"Reflections: space shuttle Atlantis"
"Little Mer...WTF"
"I am both highly amused and scared shitless."
"I always feel like this Hamster's watching me."
"I always feel like this hamster's watchin' me."
"Don't look directly into his eyes"
"When 'Never Ending Reddit' tells me it's going back to my most recently viewed post."
"How I feel after midterm season is over"
"Everyone's beggin' for Half Life 3  but where's this game!!!"
"The drunkard's progress. Which stage are you?"
"My chest hurts"
"a beer"
"A beer."
"Just popped up on my reddit feed. Too great not to share."
"Oh you...you so silly."
"have you feel like this ever??"
"Best Friends."
"Who are you voting for next erection?[nsfw]"
"Christmas  animated (NSFW)"
"Boner."
"When I think of Emma Watson [NSFW]"
"X-Post /r/NoFap"
"Caught them napping.."
"Crosspost from r/mensrights  a police report is filed because someone  a white suspect  asked a black victim  &quot;Don't i know you?&quot;"
"Man asks do I know you. Says No I dont. Walks away. Police report filed"
"Man asks do I know you. Says No I dont. Walks away. Files police report"
"&quot;Don't I know you?&quot; = 3RD DEGREE ASSAULT"
"'Merica"
"Interesting elevator sign....."
"What?! ok.."
"Going to a bar with a fake ID and seeing a cop at the door."
"Whatcha thinking about?"
"Why to NOT be afraid of sharks !"
"Sharks still scare me the most..."
"I'll share my box"
"Japanese fashion  injecting saline into the forehead then pressing for that much sought after Bagel effect."
"Having a good time"
"Animal Porn (SFW)"
"children beware"
"....nah  i'm good."
"I feel the same way after I eat."
"Amazingly timed photograph"
"F-18 shadow in the sunset (x-post from r/pics) [900 x 653]"
"Camera shutter synced with helicopter blades"
"Helicopter"
"My first thought on this front page link today..."
"Apocalypse NOW!"
"He strikes again!"
"Beauty and the... wait  what?"
"R is for Reddit"
"When I look at the alarm clock and I see that I still have one hour more to sleep"
"Those Dance Moves"
"If you're a cop  do you give him a ticket or just laugh your ass off"
"One of the greatest accessories for a car"
"OMG gaiz look at my awesome origami I made!!!"
"OMG gaiz look at my awesome origami I made!!! [Fixed]"
"Never ending aww!"
"Continuous stream of adorable"
"Probably the sweetest GIF ever created. They don't want  they don't need. They just live the moment. It's inspiring  really."
"pro swat member"
"Here  let me get that for you."
"Proof that Cops are instinctively trained to break down every door instead of using them like a normal person."
"let me get that for you"
"Recent graduate  job-hunting. This is how it's going. Inspired by fellow redditor NegaByte"
"I heard about Imgur roulette and tried it  this is what i got the first 4 times."
"The Piano House in Huainan City  China."
"China Feeds Live Goats to Lions in Zoo as Children Watch"
"What the Republican National Convention reminded me of"
"The AquaDom in Berlin  Germany [1600 x 1064]"
"The front page is awful today...here is a picture of a rock."
"The front page is awful... here is a repost of a picture of a rock."
"A rock."
"for every upvote I get"
"If Reddit was a record studio"
"Shhh  the Reddit movie is starting!"
"MGM Kitty"
"Mgm knows what's up"
"Reddit's Film Studio."
"MGM Cat with Audio"
"When reddit doesn't like my links..."
"PASS ME MUTHA@#%"
"Hi Guys  my brother did an amazing set of the Olympics dress rehearsal. I hope you enjoy!"
"RARE NEW ZEALAND BIRDS ORIGINAL PHOTOS"
"Really Bud Light???"
"Dem Old Folks"
"Cause I'm a crepe"
"Creep: Pastry Edition"
"My favorite Radiobread song"
"Cause I'm a crepe"
"My friend sent this to me at 2 am. I need new friends"
"Rawr. Contain yourselves ladies!"
"Can we all agree to stop protesting against gay marriage and start protesting FOR all these other fun forms of bible-approved marriage?!"
"Marriage is between a man and... well  just about anyone"
"Traditional Marriage  according to the bible."
"Wont you join us?"
"This cat truly has cheezburger"
"Find The Cat."
"Can u find cat in picture!?"
"What I picture when I hear &quot;Friendly Dogs Incoming!&quot;"
"Look at this puppy."
"i saw this  and i think you should too"
"I'm convinced that this is the most adorable puppy that has ever graced the planet"
"Is that so?"
"Pass the ball to me!"
"Have some shrimp."
"C&amp;H On Judaism"
"C&amp;H On Judaism"
"..... Cat-huffing"
"Want."
"Sand Carrier"
"Well  People in my Apt. building are going to hate me.."
"Showed up on my news feed today."
"Guess the web browser game!"
"When someone I know adds pics to r/gonewild"
"Probably my favorite gif of all time"
"New &quot;miracle&quot; product: Believe in God - Instantly!"
"Faith enhancing spray"
"What we've learned from Wikileaks"
"What We've Learned From Wikileaks (x-post from /r/youshouldknow)"
"Slutty Bert and Ernie costumes... wat."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Hates gonna hate."
"Do this."
"you wont be sorry (gif)"
"So I was looking at one of the games my 11 year old sister plays on our iPad. WTF has our world come to."
"[xpost from r/WTF] This is what games teach pre-teens these days..."
"I thought schools were meant to be fair and understanding these days..."
"&quot;Oh  I know it's true because the Bible says so.&quot;"
"To the 53 percenters"
"Damn!"
"When I'm on question 40  but bubble 39 on a test"
"Pretty much sums up my college life"
"Every time I open my wallet"
"Best reaction to the zombie apocalypse."
"How I imagine the Knights of r/new"
"Nope  go home"
"Why!!??? [NSFW]"
"Is this supposed to be hot or...[NSFW]"
"Hottest WTF ever! [NSFW]"
"Nice haircut!"
"Conspiracy"
"Gets me every time"
"How I feel being sober walking around campus on a Friday night"
"Dr. Doom is the purest representation of evil I know"
"Forever alone success"
"It's the little things"
"&quot;With his exceptional hearing a red fox has targeted a mouse hidden under 2 feet of crusted snow &quot; writes photographer Micheal Eastman. &quot;Springing high in the air he breaks through the crusted spring snow with his nose and his body is completely vertical as he grabs the mouse under the snow.&quot;"
"If anyone can make any sense of this  please do so."
"lol wut"
"When slinkies aren't enough"
"I don't understand why this is so funny..."
"How Reddit views your opinions"
"When I try to make it to the front page"
"When I try to make it to the front page (xpost r/funny)"
"How I would sound"
"Atlantic Road in Norway."
"An explosion of colors"
"Looking at my browser history after a shameful session of porn"
"As a chicken lover this is how I felt after I learned about Chick-fil-A's anti-gay position."
"Getting real tired of it  D.W."
"A day in the life of Pete  the dog"
"Pete  the foul bachelor dog"
"Pete  the foul bachelor dog"
"Oh Tim  you silly goose!"
"It also falls on all the gods"
"Nice one  grandma"
"Fuckin' hipsters  man."
"Fantasy"
"So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye?!?!"
"So I tried this..."
"Duh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh ROCKY!"
"Hermit crab in a clear shell"
"Don't throw stones..."
"Epic Bacon Pizza"
"A Normal day on the NYC subway..."
"Troll man  AWAY!"
"Looked up &quot;Cool Porn Art&quot; and this was the first result. Wat."
"Yum"
"Hungry and/or horny?"
"Infinite hands down the most terrifying childhood gaming memory..."
"This guy was THE most scariest part of eveyones childhood who played OoT."
"Ren &amp; Stimpy  at it again."
"Beautiful Emma Watson"
"This ones for you Reddit. You're welcome."
"Please tell me this isn't photoshopped."
"Some people are hella good at photoshopping.."
"Batman eats pony"
"NOOO  BATMAN  NOOOOO!"
"As a Batman  this is how I feel about &quot;As a&quot; threads."
"Just a man and his cat"
"You stop it!"
"It's travel size!"
"I have this conversation with my cat once a week"
"cat owner humor"
"You can't grow a tree!"
"Pachy Adu"
"Fowl Ball"
"Dirty Job [NSFW]"
"How I Imagine Reddit Meetups"
"TV"
"When it's Friday night and I'm waiting for someone to call me with plans."
"Excited to craft my 7 coal from the steam holiday sale. Pure Disappointment."
"Any Steam users want this coupon? I have no use for it. First to message me on here gets it."
"Barney the dinosaur..."
"We count those"
"Meanwhile  this is how I feel every morning when I get on Reddit"
"Kanye West has a sex tape?"
"Virgin level: Cubmaster"
"If you dont know who these guys are  you have no childhood"
"who says you need a car?"
"Trees suck at interpretive dance"
"The Gecko Eyeball."
"Chilling out on the tube.. like a boss."
"Though about commenting on my GFs recent weight gain"
"Guy slaps himself KO with a pool cue"
"I've watched this gif numerous of times. I still don't understand how he passes out."
"does anyone know what happened here?"
"Underwater Hotel  Turkey"
"Would you spend a night at the Poseidon Underwater Resort?"
"Socially awkward Brick Tamland"
"Watching my Amazon PF Flyers review post get 3 upvotes while the repost makes the front page..."
"Yeah I'm sure it was a great costume in your day mom  but I don't think it would go over to well now"
"The moustache makes all the difference!"
"How i feel when i find $20 in a pair of pants"
"Friday at 5:01 PM"
"Floating Lanterns  Thailand [990x742]"
"please remake this Capcom"
"This just showed up on my Facebook newsfeed."
"&quot;this is going to be hilarious omg&quot;"
"Jesus Prank"
"Space..."
"Seems legit (x-post from r/WTF)"
"These are the voyages of the starship ENTERprise..."
"Hop  Skip  and a Jump~"
"Smiley Cat"
"How to transform your cat into a hamster"
"Crunchy Nut Doritos in Japan"
"Estonian SS-soldiers playing with a kitten. (Before you downvote me I should point out that in that point the Estonians had no idea of what outricities were happening. They just fought against the Russians.)"
"...Double face palm...."
"double facepalm?"
"I see your TMNT level and raise you Super Meat Boy  &quot;The Kid&quot;"
"Old School Booty."
"Good for him..."
"Memory Lane"
"Met this guy in San Francisco"
"Right in the penis."
"The more you know"
"she wants the ph(d)"
"Got this look the other day when I mentioned I was an atheist at a party."
"Now its more dramatic than scary"
"when the wife asks me to shave the beard I've been meticulously cultivating for a month"
"&quot;If you want to teach Creationism next to Modern Science you'll have to teach Astrology next to Astronomy&quot;."
"Once I checked my account and realized that yesterday was my cakeday"
"because horses."
"Saw this on my news feed. I just had too.."
"Guitar hero  expert"
"I'm trying to study!"
"It's here!"
"How I take my shots..."
"If you think you are tough look at this."
"Get the fuck off the stage"
"Meanwhile  at the Adventure Club Concert..."
"Get down girl"
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts..."
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts..."
"Who I imagine is upvoting all the reposts... [fixed]"
"Who I imagine is upvoting all of the Reposts (Fixed)"
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts... [FIXED]"
"What you lookin' at?"
"the same thing with the Koran and the Torah"
"Some ideas for MythBusters."
"Regarding the Muslim situation in France  and in general  this gives a very good perspective of both sides."
"Diablo cosplay  the most amazing cosplay I've ever seen."
"My roommate complains about not having any friends  this is all I can ever think..."
"Thug Life"
"Browsing Reddit when imgur is down"
"Girls in r/gonewild. [Fixed]"
"Girls in r/gonewild [FIXED]"
"The Denver Broncos girls and Robin Williams"
"Robin Williams"
"and there is this"
"&quot;Hippo eats dwarf&quot;  I laughed so hard I fell of my chair. I'm going to hell. ^^"
"Who could be grumpy at a face like that?"
"The only thing to make Grumpy Cat crack a smile"
"A tiger made out of zip ties. Wow"
"Best Gif i have ever seen."
"Hey girls  did you know?"
"How i feel when my posts get immediately Downvoted."
"You guys might get along pretty well with the new iPhone"
"Siri  why do you do this to me?"
"Siri just doesn't understand us Canadians ...."
"My 17 month old son had my phone (It's like ordering pizza  right?)"
"I wanted to look up a movie my friend was talking about..."
"I hate my iphone now"
"The Original Scumbag Steve and Good Guy Greg"
"Proof Rodman was an alien."
"That's going to hurt"
"My buddy works at a sheet metal warehouse. This is what he's been doing with his free time."
"Scrap metal bender (xpost /r/pics)"
"Bar Dog just wants to have a cold one while watching the game"
"now he needs to learn how to play poker."
"So I Told the Bitch  Either Take My Bone or GTFO"
"It's been a ruff week"
"The execution of German General Anton Dostler by firing squad  1945"
"Facebook these days...NO!!"
"EAT THE FROG DAMMIT!"
"Well Deserved - One of My Favorite gifs"
"WTF are they serving for school lunch at Huntington High?"
"Watch out  Poo Man is on the run.."
"I assume this is how a lot of us feel about Reddit"
"As a Redditor who only gives upvotes and never has successful posts"
"How I react when a hot girl comes to my house and asks to play kinect."
"The ATM at my bar needs this."
"Only in Wisconsin..."
"When someone changes the song"
"Just called back a number a minute after it called me and it's disconnected."
"When a server walks by with food that looks tastier than mine"
"oh hey there."
"Pupcakes"
"Three Princeton university students pose after snowball fight 1893 (xpost r/historyporn)"
"Three Princeton students pose after the Freshman  Sophomore snowball fight. 1893. Princeton  NJ. [650 x 943]"
"Burlesque dancer Zorita walks her pet snake."
"Where... am... I???"
"I think I'm lost"
"Howl's Moving...House."
"Steampunk Motorhome"
"x-post from r/pics  I finally found Howland Reed! (very minor spoilers GOT)"
"How to know if you're the worst bowler IN THE WORLD"
"Beautiful Reflection."
"no longer a virgin"
"Alison Brie is smashing"
"How I feel as a democrat in Texas seeing an Obama sticker"
"How I feel about Ecuador right now"
"Pure awesome"
"Crystal Scull"
"An amethyst crystal geode skull."
"The cake is a (lie down)"
"Reddit Tan Lines"
"Tan Lines"
"SO MUCH CUTENESS"
"playing with yourself"
"Bro..Dude..that's NOT how you hold a cat."
"Israel  wat r u doin"
"Israel  wat r u doin"
"If you live in America  the media doesn't tell you this about the israeli palestinian conflict..."
"Does your country have this?"
"I'll get down on this one."
"Hai Reddit  do you like my hat?"
"Hai Reddit  do you like my hat?"
"Whenever I post something to r/athiesm"
"This popped up on my FB feed  and I thought you guys would appreciate it. (80's  mullets  lasers  ridiculous)"
"Kipping Squat"
"This pretty much sums up Prince Harry right now..."
"Hangover 3"
"dog getting trolled"
"Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (x-post from r/funny)"
"I freaking loved these!"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"Colorful"
"Colourful"
"Pa-ting! Pa-ting!"
"It's too late..."
"College memes - You're doing it pretty right."
"Take that Jack"
"what if she got pregnant?"
"Northern Lights over Alaska"
"Military truck drop"
"'MURICA"
"Iron Man's badass entrance: Plan B"
"Pothole Panic"
"Every girl in Facebook"
"Couldn't have said it better Stewie."
"I saw this in my FB feed."
"ROFLCOPTER"
"Tiny Hippo Comic reworked into a wallpaper."
"An old tale of friendship.."
"How I feel discussing myself in those around the room introductions"
"right in the face"
"For all of you gamer atheist out there."
"Jesus and video gamin"
"Ermagerd! A tree!"
"the butt of many jokes.."
"When I try to &quot;socialize&quot;"
"Me gustaaaa"
"Me gustaaaa!"
"His only weakness!"
"Xavier had one weakness"
"Shower Effort"
"Shell-Shocked Toilet Paper Dispenser (X-post form r/funny)"
"Now THIS is how business is done."
"This is how business is done"
"This is how business is done [x-post r/funny]"
"If only using my Game Genie had been this epic."
"That was pretty cool.................Whaaaaaaaaaaaaa?"
"When the end is near.."
"Hey Jim  you got any A1 sauce?"
"Your pet mouse? Sorry  haven't seen him."
"That tongue."
"One hell of a party"
"We havin' a party"
"How to explain sex to your children."
"Here's how I imagine Scientologists argue the validity of their religion."
"What I thought when my boyfriend told me that until recently  he thought the expression was &quot;fun intended&quot;"
"Instead of ever saying yes."
"How I feel seeing all these wrong number texts"
"Super Party Boy [10:08]"
"just passing time..."
"I was curious if r/911 existed. It does. And yeah..."
"Finish Him!"
"Walking in on one of your siblings fapping"
"When I run into the hardwood kitchen and forget to take my socks off"
"No motherly love for you..."
"I...I don't think this needs a caption."
"This will give you cancer [FB]"
"Cute puppies always make me happy when I am sad."
"Popped up on the newsfeed! Want!"
"Oh Lego..."
"Anyone else used to think one of these would get you a free tootsie pop?"
"The real angry bird"
"So that's how they work."
"Wanted: llama dentist"
"Yea  well  he's more comfy"
"it's been 4 years  this is where my reddit journey began (repost from my past) 4th B-day today"
"Move Man!"
"Spiderman gets the prize"
"Move man  this my bitch"
"Every time i think a girl likes me....."
"When My Friend Went Out With The Girl I've Liked For A While"
"When I finally work up the courage to talk to a hot girl"
"God I miss this guy."
"This is supposed to be sweet  but it just looks like Mr. Rogers is afraid she's going to eat his face."
"Aurora Australis from the International Space Station"
"Aurora australis from space"
"Torchlight vs Torchlight II"
"The differences between Torchlight and Torchlight 2"
"Torchlight 1 vs Torchlight 2"
"All sorts of WTF."
"The fuck you say?"
"In the shower this morning when I realized I don't have to realize it's friday because exams were done on Tuesday."
"How I feel when my posts are successful"
"Fly My Friend  Fly!"
"Ink in Water (x-post from r/trees)"
"Good skin for this wallpaper?"
"Telling an awesome story to friends who weren't there."
"What I feel like going on 9gag after being on Reddit."
"when a non-redditor shows you a meme."
"How I feel checking my tumblr after being on reddit"
"How I feel whenever someone links this picture."
"I wonder..."
"Me too Spiderman  me too."
"Happy birthday  you glorious bastard! You're 62 years young today..."
"BILL FUCKING MURRAY"
"It's been a rather sad day in America  here is a picture of Bill Murray to cheer you up."
"The invasion has begun!"
"Swag at it's best"
"Welcome To The Internet  Here is Your GIF Basket"
"Welcome To The Internet  Here is Your GIF Basket"
"Welcome to the Internet. Here's your GIF Basket."
"I came across this browsing art one day"
"Yeah  pretty sure Dan isn't interested..."
"Ran all the way to freaking Australia..."
"r u fooling around??"
"I want you inside me."
"God  I love volleyball..."
"Dat ass…"
"That grin"
"sporting the umbreon hat swag."
"he's coming for you"
"What chalk looks like under a microscope"
"I have concluded that names_irrelevant and phrakture are to blame for the name 'Silvy' sticking; this is my biannual 'Fuck you' (Gif somewhat relevant)"
"Party on"
"I absolutely love this man"
"This guy is pretty funny (he even provides a cat)"
"Random imgur time."
"What would you do if rockets were striking your cities?"
"What would you do?"
"Well?"
"Twins!"
"They see me rollin'"
"Did she really think that was going to work?"
"It keeps happening (x post from r/funny)"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Well that escalated quickly!"
"The wheelchair olympics are really going off!"
"Astronaut's Thoughts"
"Whoops."
"Domino of shame."
"[pic] probably a repost but still is funny;"
"Rockhopper Penguins taking a freshwater shower in the Falkland Islands. The penguins use the waterfall to wash off the sea salt and dirt from the nesting colony. Competition for space under the small waterfall is intense and often leads to noisy disputes!"
"When &quot;Cool&quot; is typed into Google images."
"Chandler dances on Bacon"
"Walk Cycles Like Jagger"
"How I picture Oriannas that don't shield their teammates"
"Let him play"
"My ball !"
"Drunk Kitty"
"Told my Christian friend (who has John 3:16 tatted on her wrist) of my plans to get an atheism related tattoo. Her initial response: &quot;What if in a few years you change your mind?&quot; My reaction:"
"When my sister said that Christina Aguilera was the voice of our generation"
"Baby seal catching some rays"
"Baby seals look cute in any position"
"I can't be the only one who sees the resemblance..."
"grumpy cat + ron swanson = reddit"
"Toilets"
"Bad Luck Brian in Boston"
"Bad Luck Brian Strikes Again"
"Bad Luck Brian's morning."
"Bad Luck Brian goes to see The Dark Knight Rises"
"this moment will forever make me laugh"
"So bouncy."
"Robin likes cats."
"Shut up brain"
"My face when i just now realized I missed my Reddit birthday."
"When Reddit rejects my posts..."
"When I read a mean comment aimed towards me..."
"Found out the guy at gamestop didn't reserve my copy of Boderlands 2 ultimate loot chest edition[Gif]"
"How I feel with no cat to post pictures of on my cakeday"
"How I feel after I post an outfit to /r/malefashionadvice."
"Whenever I check my karma an hour after making a post I'm confident in."
"When I get a text from a girl saying she's not interested  after we had a really great first date."
"I don't even have a title for this..."
"Does this mean I win?"
"My stopwatch"
"My iPod timer has been running for a while  too"
"When I realize I thought it was Thursday  but it's actually Friday."
"Can't say my Dad ever did this. (x-post from r/4chan)"
"4Chan user pranked by father (Frogdad)"
"How to teach your kid life lessons"
"It's a boy!"
"It's a boy!"
"Porn? Birth?! WTF?! (possibly NSFW)"
"Is that what I think it is?"
"Not a vagina..."
"Not a vagina... (x-post from funny)"
"Waterfall Island  Alto Parana  Paraguay"
"Graffiti"
"I saw it and knew it was for you Reddit..."
"How I Feel When I Text With Classmates"
"As an educated person  this is how I feel around my small town of idiots"
"TIL a lighter spawns a small universe when you flick it."
"Forever Alone - The Sandwich Edition"
"Since there didn't seem to be an r/blasphemy . . ."
"Just add air. (x-post from r/punk)"
"mosh pit; early beginnings"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality) (X-post from r/aww)"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"Me waiting for all the post hating on Overly Attached Boyfriend to pass by"
"How I feel on reddit with no interest in the Olympics."
"Sesame street  where dreams go to die."
"Fighting a cold? Try this battle helmet."
"I knew those magazines are trouble"
"Meanwhile  in 1929..."
"Everything about this screams whoa. [gif]"
"Saw this on r/whoadude  thought i belonged here."
"Hard choice"
"Funny Crayons"
"Nom. Nom. Nom. Nom. Nom. Nom. Nom. Nom"
"America fuck yeah"
"Would not recommend"
"Abe gives a 4 out of 10."
"The service is terrible too."
"What every house should have"
"hmm... me like...Reddit may like..."
"Legends in history"
"It is Friday AND pay day  my friends."
"When it's hotter back home than it is here in Phoenix"
"How ice cream sandwiches are made [gif]"
"How ice cream sandwiches are made"
"This ruined Zelda fairies for me..."
"This face is priceless"
"An elephant meets a sea lion at The Oregon Zoo"
"How I feel when I leave my cellphone at home"
"My friend texted me saying that I was missing Snooki &amp; Jwoww series premier last night."
"How I feel about &quot;As an American&quot; and &quot;As an Englishmen&quot; posts [FIXED]"
"Whenever redditors complain about the most meaningless things."
"how i feel about bad tattoo posts"
"When a friend brags he has more karma"
"It took me entirely too long to figure out what was wrong with this photo."
"It took me entirely too long to figure out what was wrong with this photo."
"Took me way too long to see it  but when I did..."
"Gifs Of People From Infomercials Being Stupid"
"Optimus Prime vs Jesus"
"you are leaving without me?"
"Hey reddit  say hi to Lala  we found her buried in a dumpster  took her in and now she's on top of the World!"
"Proselytizing  atheist style."
"My mother who raised me as a Jehovah's witness sent this to me today after I recently came out to her as an atheist. I think she finally came around."
"This pamphlet is blank."
"What the hell kind of parent milks their baby!"
"You Are Late [Fixed]"
"This is a really obedient cat."
"Been waitin for you"
"Hello to you too."
"Awesome wave photo"
"One more thing I didn't know about cats."
"So True..."
"High five!"
"Religion is like a...."
"Religion is like a penis"
"Beautiful comparison."
"It was a good defense in his head at-least."
"The problem with attempting a logical discourse with theists..."
"The problem with attempting a logical discourse with theists... - Imgur"
"Street artist defaces bikini advertisement"
"Street artist defaces bikini advertisement"
"Stowage of British Slave Ship &quot;Brookes&quot;. 1788."
"Old enough to know better"
"oh  hello..."
"My VERY Christian sister-in-law just posted this on her FB. I'm having to really hold back my response!"
"Not very good at creative titles.. This is just plain weird."
"Like father  Like son!"
"I got my 1st (salary) paycheck at my 1st (engineering) job... This is how I feel"
"Macaulay Culkin today."
"Construction of the Manhattan Bridge"
"I was told r/nyc would appreciate this: Manhattan Bridge Construction ~ 1908"
"Yessss."
"So do I  my dear"
"You spend too much time on this thing!"
"how i feel when my husband stays late at work"
"Damn  it's fake. I'll just have to stay inside the closet."
"Seems legit..."
"Why Grampa's arms are tired..."
"Currently buying books for school."
"The worst part about the upcoming school year"
"Saw this on my newsfeed today"
"Subway now has items on the menu for us!"
"Self-defense against women."
"How to disable a woman (xpost from r/4chan)"
"Did you answer truthfully  r/gaming?"
"Well played  Super Paper Mario."
"This is truly WTF!"
"Tallahassee's reaction to Hostess news"
"All he wanted was a Twinkie"
"Tallahassee just heard the news about twinkies..."
"He's not a quitter"
"We just wanted grandpa to feel at home"
"&quot;Penguins adrift on iceberg during a heavy snow storm in Antarctica.&quot; Photographer: Joshua Holko"
"Nananananananana... Nope."
"Undoubtedly the coolest desk ever."
"How I think my grandma acts when we talk about religion."
"The one and only Melanie Iglesias [X-Post r/brunettes]"
"My now ex-friend told me that he &quot;was a hipster before it was cool&quot;..."
"SAP me under the pressure of making a good cake day submission"
"What my allergies feel like today"
"Stop  drop  roll [GtA]"
"Nigel Thornberry; ruiner of childhoods"
"hey jude"
"How I feel on Friday."
"Hipsters...they do the darndest things"
"That's actually a good solution  Mr Sheen."
"New Age exercising..."
"Great Technique."
"Girls playing Skyrim naked [nsfw]"
"Once in a Lifetime [xpost from /r/pics]"
"So i found an escaped convict on street view..."
"Poor T-Rex"
"T-Rex hates pushups"
"I have to agree."
"Air Horn Prank"
"Housemate did this to my door last night..."
"The best alarm system ever created?"
"I'll welcome my roommate with a big toot"
"How I feel on a Friday evening with nothing of importance in schedule for the entire weekend."
"When I'm going down on my girlfriend and I can tell she's getting close"
"This guy just made the front page."
"How I feel when I've won an argument"
"Cheaper gas prices? You got my vote!"
"Does this bother you?"
"Another teacher (English) at work has a bumper sticker that says &quot;I drive like a Cullen&quot;"
"How I picture r/gaming today...[FIXED]"
"My New Computer"
"Apple. Green Apple"
"Fake It Till You Make It"
"Seems legit.."
"Seams legit."
"Call the lawyers"
"The sooner you advertise here  the better! [181x955]"
"Let me check that camera for you bro..."
"My girlfriend and I were driving in the mountains when suddenly..."
"This man's acting-range is mind boggling"
"Flip"
"This message will self destruct"
"That's not what they're for!!! (NSFW)"
"beer me"
"What every guys wants in a girl"
"kids are clever"
"Gadaga...gada. ...hmm....daga ?...heee....HEEEEE.....oh fuck it !"
"Well...there! That's the idea of the puzzle  right?!"
"Hipster ca. 1900"
"shake vigorously  attack airplane...got it"
"how can one manage this?"
"Bar owner defending protestors against the police"
"That dog knows how to cook!"
"Looking for those huge spiders in Iraq  I googled &quot;camel spider&quot; and found this:"
"Googled Camel Spider. This was the fourth image."
"Long live the king..."
"At the Disney Store"
"My all time favourite"
"My sister is in Borneo and sent me this picture. Apparently Orangutans don't enjoy the rain."
"My sister is in Borneo and sent me this picture. Apparently Orangutans don't enjoy the rain."
"Apparently the wind blew our empty sandbox around last night. Here's the view from my bedroom window."
"Apparently the wind blew our empty sandbox around overnight. Here's the unsettling view from the bedroom window."
"Apparently the wind blew our empty sandbox around overnight. Here's the unsettling view from the bedroom window."
"When my main gets picked before me"
"Without a doubt  the darkest comic I've ever read."
"Motivation"
"This game had an epic ending cutscene"
"Whenever I mix alcohol and Doctor Who"
"Nature Reality"
"Screw you mammals  I'm flying home"
"Bat"
"Drop it like it's hot."
"Regular Show with Snoop Dogg."
"POOH SMASH!!"
"Nice to meet you."
"For your viewing pleasure  Mr. Clint Eastwood holding Mr. Armadillo."
"12 inches..."
"No  it was cunt"
"That wasn't clever was it?"
"No miss  it wasn't."
"But dad...I am ashamed"
"Taste All Of the Cupcakes!!! [NSFW]"
"Here's another Halloween costume adapted for a kids wheelchair."
"Nice Disabled Kid Halloween costume"
"I do say!"
"I do say! (x-post from r/funny)"
"(HIFW) i see stuff like this"
"Call me back? No problem  I'm sure it's for a good reason"
"I'm a little less afraid of the Snow Queen after this..."
"So that's why she was so mad"
"&quot;To all the fellas out there with ladies to impress&quot;...or not"
"One of the few pictures that have made me laugh out loud..i think it's the face"
"Who did it?"
"Who did it?"
"john cleese."
"How to take the last doughnut."
"The Godfather of First World Problems"
"Was going through memes from my '03 Forum days  found this treasure."
"The version of Microsoft Word that never really took off."
"So I got a special copy of Microsoft Word today..."
"Misrosoft word g- edition"
"Whenever someone makes the front page with a post about them making it to the front page"
"Getting a post downvoted when you think everyone will like it"
"When I start my period on the first day of a vacation trip"
"I thought I had seen it all  until I seen this shirt."
"Hockey players are assholes"
"Poetic"
"PTDF00"
"Well said..."
"Kitty sleepover in the kitchen."
"AaaaawwwwMYGOD"
"How I feel with my black friends"
"Meta-Photobomb!"
"Orange whip  orange whip? Two orange whips... anyone younger than 25 will have no idea."
"How I feel when a fellow redditor submits a link seconds before I do."
"cuddle friendly movie theater"
"Knock Knock! your non-veg order is ready!"
"How I see Windows 8"
"Working out is shunned  while being fat is praised for women. Wait  what?"
"facepalm.."
"why do they believe everything they hear"
"Pretty much sums sums things up..."
"Yay Deutschland!"
"oldy but goldy [not OC] [xpost from /r/polandball]"
"WTF"
"I sits... regardless of whether or not I completely fits..."
"A Johnny of all trades!"
"Bro  back up"
"Me and the moon"
"man and the moon"
"Probably the best Post I've seen in a while."
"Awesome transformation"
"Check The Top Comment"
"An amazing game that's often forgotten"
"This game was amazing"
"After not fapping for a week"
"Whenever I get a good one."
"GOD! I wanna try this!"
"Oh Ralph."
"No matter how many times I see this  it makes me giggle every time."
"INFINITE KITTENS"
"You're a door? Bitch  please"
"3D"
"About to get owned. In 3D!"
"I gots my hair did today"
"Conan's pup?"
"This seems a bit extreme"
"When I see a spider on a friend's shoulder"
"Trying to get my friend's attention"
"When my friend critisizes our teacher in class."
"WANT WANT WANT!"
"What species of bird is this?"
"Feeding time"
"And then there was Mark"
"The mind of men."
"Hipster Hitler  you kill me"
"The Subway  Zion National Park  Utah"
"This is how I feel every morning"
"How I feel most mornings."
"This happens everyday I wake up."
"Anyone have this record player?"
"Digging Through Some Old Records"
"Shower Time!"
"When Japanese Go Wild"
"Seems legit..."
"Baby Pomeranian."
"That moment when you realize you still have the other half of your sandwich left"
"PIKACHU IRL??"
"I want one"
"Your pocket does"
"So close!"
"Every time I try to be a badass"
"Everytime I post somthing on Reddit"
"God knows..."
"God IS omniscient"
"No friends of mine!!! [repost from funny]"
"The Library"
"Angry computer is angry"
"In about 10 more years...."
"I have laughed at this too many times today..."
"Yes  I absolutely agree."
"After watching them trying to sing  I agree"
"The Black Knight"
"The Black Knight"
"This Is The Right One Right? (X-post from r/ExpectationVsReality)"
"Now is the winter...."
"Now is the Winter (x-post from r/funny)"
"X-ray VS. Sting Ray."
"X-Ray of a Stingray"
"I see ray through you..."
"Dog hair. Yup. That's dog hair."
"AAAAAAAAAAWWWWWW YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA!"
"I Googled &quot; Oh my God what the fuck&quot;"
"what went through my mind the first time i heard &quot;internet troll&quot;"
"I hoped till the last frame to see a Darwin award..."
"Me and my Saxophone Will Lead Not Follow"
"The best way to spend your morning commute"
"Mime got upstaged  yo!"
"Mime Revenge"
"Invisible wall"
"&quot;What about a Catapult &quot; he says.."
"What if  we use a catapult?"
"How much money would it take you to walk through this?"
"Whole lotta NOPE!"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"What I imagine getting to the front page of /r/spacedicks must feel like."
"Internet Addiction"
"Lack of internet...FTW"
"We'll head out Californee Way and ... see what we can find. (xpost r/wtf)"
"What site did he need so bad?"
"Must've been a redditor..."
"Give your self plenty of room if you ever go moose hunting."
"Notorious B.I.G. after graduating kindergarten  before his teachers told him he'd never amount to nothin'."
"Thank god Jersey Shore is ending."
"This meme."
"Human imagination is infinite!"
"Oh god..."
"Pretty Much All iPhone Users"
"It's impossible!"
"If I ever got a genie"
"This meme is overused"
"My friend on Memebase sent this to me when I made it to #1 in Reddit"
"Messes with my mind"
"I love passports but ..."
"I don't think you understand..."
"Passport Baby did it for one reason"
"Really ESPN? You couldn't find or didn't have a recent picture of Manning?"
"Really ESPN? You couldn't find or didn't have a recent picture of Manning? [xPost from /r/denverbroncos]"
"Really espn? You couldn't even find a recent picture of Peyton manning? [X-post from r/denverbroncos]"
"There isn't a vowel in my name. It's just Max"
"AEIOU and sometimes Y"
"It's been a long day."
"R-Money  binders full of women!"
"R-Money"
"Triple Platinum"
"Binders on binders on binders"
"I heard his album drops next week  R-Money!"
"So does her 17 year old sister"
"Only in america is eating a solid block of cheddar cheese in public acceptable"
"A block of Cheddar a day  keeps the doctor at bay"
"I bet she has a &quot;thyroid problem&quot;"
"I see your grilled cheese sandwich and I raise you wheelchair lady eating cheeseblock"
"Apparently cheez-its do not come with enough cheese"
"&quot;Eating a block of cheese the size of a car battery&quot;"
"An American Snack."
"'Murica"
"'Murca"
"Fuck da police."
"When you see it..."
"What type of German school is this?"
"Scumbag Jesus  always stealing my heroin"
"These pictures always crack me up."
"Poor fellow parked under streetlight during fishfly (mayfly) season."
"Poor fellow parked under streetlight during fishfly (mayfly) season. (x-post from r/pics)"
"Street Art In NYC."
"Good Guy......Everybody"
"Good guys."
"The world is full of good guys."
"What's the last thing you'd expect to see while driving on the highway?"
"I see your Darth Vader balloon and raise you an Eddie Murphy Headmobile."
"Likeaholic"
"Likecoholic..."
"I think I've had enough internet for today."
"Meanwhile  In Poland..."
"Winnie-the Pooh Flashmob...I have mixed feelings about this."
"Today  after two years of doing close to nothing and living off the benevolence of my parents I got a fulltime job to start over again."
"Can't Touch This"
"You cant trust anyone these days..."
"Any guess as to this little guys name?"
"Dog named Dick"
"This dog is a real dick..."
"No his name is not Penis."
"His name is dickballs."
"CAWK KA CAAW CAWK KA CAAW!"
"When my girlfriend and I found out the pregnancy test was negative"
"Black physicians in the ER treating a KKK member"
"Good Guy Black Surgeon"
"Sexy Voldemort.......?"
"Typed in &quot;Voldemort&quot; was not disappointed."
"Ooooh Shit!!!! no no no  I'm good  I'm cool..."
"Sick catch bro"
"Im honestly surprised no one has done this yet."
"Pretty Much [Fixed] [Fixed again]"
"Pretty Much [FIXED]"
"Pretty Much [FIXED]"
"Fire in zero Gravity"
"Apparently when iPhone gets too hot it starts speaking Spanish and English."
"How come when my phone over heats apple goes all chinese on me?"
"Even though it is nearly August  living in the south really has its disadvantages"
"Living in the south sucks sometimes"
"Do not underestimate the sun in Las Vegas"
"Today  it's so hot that...notruf"
"Didn't know this screen existed."
"Stephan Fecked up"
"Rottweiler vs some purse dog"
"This is what has me excited today"
"..how about no!?"
"STOP IT HUMAN!!!!YOU SHALL NOT PET ME!!!! i must leave"
"Ron Swanson. You still got it."
"Larken Rose anybody?"
"The reason why weasels are my favorite animal"
"Watch Scooby Doo because..."
"How a student night out in England usually ends up..."
"Wtf happened here?"
"To this day  my absolute favorite gif ever made."
"Probably my favorite gif of all time."
"father?"
"How it feels to downvote new posts"
"Nicki Minaj as a teenager."
"Just finishing laying down some concrete..."
"Opposite Day!"
"Opposite Day"
"The real story behind the Tortoise and the Hare"
"Fuck"
"Took the instructions too literally"
"This was me as I quit my job today."
"How I feel when I'm surrounded by assholes at school."
"God: when people ask for a sign he exists."
"Just Bambi and Simba cuddling"
"A bobcat kitten and a fawn cuddling together after being rescued from a wildfire"
"I never get tired of this comic"
"Muffins"
"Still gets me every time..."
"This one always gets me.."
"Yeeeee muffins!"
"Is that a bumper car?"
"license please..."
"license please...(x-post from r/wtf) sfw"
"How me and Reddit get along.."
"YouTube comments strike again"
"Ham overload"
"Little Wolf"
"reddit beefcake photography"
"WTF..... Sexy bacon"
"Cost Estimate"
"The chair of reddit"
"I imagine that everyone in r/aww has this chair."
"My latest Goodwill find"
"City of the future"
"Goooood doggie....gooood doggie?"
"Clifford?"
"Biggest tease ever..."
"Genius!"
"Clever cab driver..."
"Today  OP was not a faggot."
"Pregnancy"
"Me  when I'm saying the Pledge of Allegiance  during the &quot;under god&quot; part."
"After hearing that Emma Watson Is Fine with Nude Scenes for '50 Shades of Grey'"
"PIZZA TIME!"
"When a reactiongif has nothing to do with the title"
"Epic Pizza"
"EEARRR..mmmmm..AAPIZZ..aAA GUUUUUDD!!!"
"Whenever I eat pizza"
"Bananaman.. you scare me on so many levels."
"Asian commercials are awesome"
"I don't understand  banana man"
"Dole."
"Thanks banana man!"
"Asians have the weirdest commercials"
"Why Japan why?"
"Japan does it again"
"I think he likes bananas"
"My dad just showed me what I believe to be the greatest gif ever "
"I'm the Banana Man!"
"Dafuq did I just see..."
"I just don't understand Japan."
"Just Japan being Japan I guess"
"&quot;I know what will make people want to buy our bananas!&quot;"
"Free Pizza"
"Don't rise Dark Knight"
"Heath Ledger as the Joker skate boarding over Christian Bale as Batman while they take a break on the set of The Dark Knight."
"Possibly the single greatest picture on the internet"
"Heath Ledger as the Joker skate boarding over Christian Bale as Batman while they take a break on the set of The Dark Knight."
"&quot;What is the best way to stop your children from becoming an atheist?&quot;"
"How to prevent your child becoming an atheist"
"Things in the mirror may be larger than they appear"
"Disputably the best self shot / mirror pic to date"
"Just another self-shot photo"
"I got the whole world in my helmet."
"when my teacher goes on about something we learned a week ago"
"How i feel when people post all there problems on (fb)"
"when redditors complain about 9gag"
"When my sister is talking about her clothes..."
"Science."
"This one always gets me."
"How I feel when you assholes downvote the new content I post"
"When I Found Out I Had More Karma Than This Kid I Absolutely Despise"
"How I felt leaving work after my last shift there ever:"
"How I feel unsubscribing from r/atheism"
"After walking home from school 6 miles in 108 degree weather  this is how I'm feeling."
"How I feel when my posts get downvoted to oblivion."
"Interesting Origin Story (X-Post from /r/FanTheories)"
"My best friend got engaged over the weekend  figured this would look nice on their facebook wall!"
"10 000 FPS Water Droplet Coalescence Cascade  in a handy GIF (15 MB  wait for it.)"
"Overly Manly Man Orders Dinner"
"x-post from /r/vegan"
"Manly man"
"Overly manly man showers"
"Guys will understand"
"Do your shoes meet safety standards?"
"Overly Manly Man"
"I heard this beauty down the pub regarding dry skin..."
"When I get a boo-boo and a girl is near."
"Bitch mittens!"
"Visited the Virgin Islands..."
"It's cold outside."
"Where fries come from."
"So THAT'S where they come from [.gif]"
"Damn genetics."
"Poor T-Rex"
"This was on my twitter timeline..."
"This made me laugh way to much."
"It cannot be denied"
"The first-ever metal band in human history."
"For Asgard!"
"Clownocalypse!"
"Funny bomb"
"Tink"
"TinkerBell!!"
"Tinkerbell (x-post from cosplaygirls)"
"Tinker Bell"
"Piggly Wiggly Brand Pizza"
"Idiocracy"
"Typed WTF in the search bar...."
"looking for debate photos to put on our college newspaper  this looks legit.."
"When I screw myself in a video game"
"Kitty!"
"Working out"
"So my cakeday post just got killed..."
"My boss just asked me to cover for a no call no show today. The day before my vacation to Peru."
"Nice Robot. [NSFW]"
"Optical illusion: If you look very closely  there's an R2-D2 in this picture"
"Saw this in r/funny  thought it belonged her too."
"What it feels like trying to get more than 1 karma..."
"Stupid Animals [.gif gallery]"
"After visiting /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu today..."
"My reaction every time I turn on daytime TV"
"Does Your Dentist Accept American Express?"
"Losing your teeth in... 3..2..1.."
"Giraffes are so heartless"
"The most heartless of all savannah creatures."
"Giraffes are heartless creatures."
"Giraffes are Heartless"
"Kill them."
"Was wandering the internet and found Space Jesus"
"Must have been a rough night."
"This image of Ron Swanson has crashed Sam Spratts (Artist) store. Good on you Reddit."
"The ultimate manliest poster ever..."
"Just Ron Swanson."
"Who do we need to call to make this happen?"
"Ron Swanson's Movember"
"Some days  I just want to at myself till I don't exist"
"...and you say this was a children's show?"
"You touch my tralala"
"Teletubbies  WAT R U DOIN"
"The KFC bucket grand opening"
"How I felt the first time I got karma"
"Here is the first picture ever taken. (Louis Daguerre  1838) 2597x1805"
"Happy High-Five A Random Stranger Day  Reddit! To help you celebrate  here's a picture of a man high-fiving a whale."
"I don't remember the source but this image is truly majestic."
"High five!"
"yeahh you can read it in his voice..that would be greatt"
"It's my cake day"
"Its Friday  and its my first cake-day."
"Maybe I'm not explaining this right."
"Cyanide &amp; Happiness on Christopher Hitchens"
"For Hitchens - a Cy&amp;H comic"
"Today's Cyanide and Happiness: &quot;A Better Place&quot; [comic][pic]"
"How to deal with the death of a great person who doesn't believe in heaven"
"Nothing on the review was on the exam"
"When the FB notification is an event invitation"
"When I don't get any upvotes"
"When you're seriously trying to watch something and your whole family decides to have a competition to see who can be the loudest."
"Now I know."
"I present to you king cat"
"If reddit had profile pics  this is mine"
"His Royal Meowness"
"My dogs face after playing with this kitten"
"So my dog goes to work with me.... and my coworker made this gif of her at my desk."
"On my first day of an engineering job  my coworker asks what I think of my first job."
"Gymnastics fail"
"en garde"
"Whenever I try to seduce my wife"
"Slick clothes change"
"Portal to Hogwarts Fashion School"
"Now you are thinking with portals"
"Late for work... Time to Suit Up"
"How every other country thinks America promotes freedom."
"A summary of war in the 21st century so far."
"I have no clue what is going on"
"How my life felt when I discovered I had missed my cake day."
"Finding out that it's my cakeday and I can't find anything decent to post"
"Flashback baby"
"If babies could talk"
"Dude..."
"No more fore skin."
"Picture of my friend's baby. I thought Reddit might like it."
"Sassy baby"
"Chocolate milk anyone?"
"If you don't smile- you have no soul."
"Is This Your Cat?"
"&quot;Is this yours?&quot;"
"Even raccoons aren't that heartless."
"look what I found!"
"Excuse me  did you lose a cat?"
"Mom. Dad. Can we keep her?"
"Hey  mom! Can we keep it!?"
"Neature"
"I found your cat"
"WTF is this from?!?"
"Guess he was watching Mickey and Minnie's sextape..."
"Must have been watching Minnie undress"
"I see your kids in wash basins floating in rivers and stuff  and raise you a baby washing a HUGE snakes head"
"Was looking up photos of Thailand and on the first page..."
"Most of the scientific community after hearing about neutrinos..."
"[10]"
"one of my favorite .gifs = mind blown"
"Bwooooom! Super nova"
"Bwoooom! Super Nova"
"MIND = BLOWN"
"o fortuna"
"This makes me laugh every time"
"How I feel when I watch &quot;Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman&quot;"
"How I feel when I watch &quot;Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman&quot;"
"The first time I heard dubstep"
"Mind exploding"
"My 8 yr old cousin from Alabama asked if I should be considered white or brown (I'm Korean). This was his reaction when my mother told him &quot;yellow&quot;."
"Poor choice of words."
"Pleasing 15 women"
"Shell shocked soldier  1916"
"Shell Shocked Soldier in 1916. [Crosspost R/creepy][Credit to u/shoryukenist]"
"Shell shocked 1916 - [x-post from r/creepy]"
"My Cake Day Experience  a gif-umentary"
"Babymaking 101 [NSFW] [Cake Day!]"
"So that's how it happens"
"I don't remember putting this on my computer [NSFW]"
"The shit we come across on the internet..."
"The world knows it's a Friday"
"It's going to be a glorious Friday  I can see it already"
"It's a sign!!"
"Perfect place to end a rainbow!"
"Its a sign"
"It's not a pot of gold but it will have to do."
"Best nostalgia costume I've seen this Halloween"
"The best costume I saw this year"
"SURPRISE STEVE!"
"Damn  why can't my park have one of these"
"The world's largest street painting by artist Joe Hill (Canary Wharf  London)"
"British artist Joe Hill drew the world's largest and longest 3D anamorphic street painting in the Canary Wharf district of London. AMAZING!!"
"This sidewalk art will blow your mind."
"Amazing 3d Street Art (album)"
"So i Googled Morgan Freeman's daughter"
"I googled &quot;I googled&quot; and this was the first hit"
"Fuck you  Pinterest"
"One of the more WTF images I've seen of late."
"Rainbow Warriors"
"Rainbow cheetah nipples"
"Finally found pjs to fit him!"
"How can you not one up this though?"
"Cow Photobomb! Hilarious!"
"A cow photo-bombing a horse stuck in a fence"
"Epic cow is epic"
"Cows... Taking photobombing to new and published heights"
"Solid Photobombing"
"Photobombing that made headlines."
"I just had to share this"
"Party At Steve's House!"
"After working almost 60 hours this week  this is me all weekend...."
"The Club Can't Handle Me"
"Turtle treasure"
"TREASURE!!!"
"To Do List..."
"To do list"
"Ha"
"Just a baby ocelot"
"Ocelot kitten. That is all."
"juat a baby leopard"
"Cutting Corners"
"Server Error"
"oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"Now  now little buddy.."
"Why I prefer Fahrenheit to Celsius [Fixed]"
"Temperature range"
"Hard core Kelvins!"
"Why I enjoy Fahrenheit"
"So Hasbro creates Scrabble  then Zynga rip offs Scrabble  so now Hasbro is making the board game version of ..."
"So......This exists....."
"It FINALLY comes to life!"
"Ahhh America. My home country of the lazy"
"i think you are doing your mustache wrong..."
"Like a sir"
"When one mustache just isn't enough."
"Still waiting..."
"I think it is about time you delivered  Mr. Shitty_Watercolor"
"Saw this gem on a bulletin board on campus today  laughed for a while"
"1 dog 2 pirates"
"One of the strangest (and most awesome) dog costumes made"
"That's not right..."
"Apparently  Fox News needs to work on its geography."
"FOX News geography [Found on FB]"
"Fox news in all its glory."
"See anything wrong here  Fox News?"
"Almost too awesome to eat..."
"Man's best friend"
"Every Fucking Day"
"Every ****ing day."
"my dog"
"Every Single Fucking Day"
"This wrecks me every time I see it."
"This picture always makes me laugh"
"Damn Dog!"
"Aaaaand I'm going to bed."
"Booty-pocalypse"
"How I feel when people find more ways to title this"
"Have you got a 'woody'?"
"Anthropomorphic Spider Blowjob [NSFW]"
"I heard Slenderman kidnap Children."
"This is a judgmental lamp. He does not approve of your decisions."
"Listen Jill  I just can't do it anymore."
"Listen Jill  I just can't do it anymore."
"Mom  drive me to Hot Topic."
"Phil Spector..."
"When i was 17."
"Hulu's reaction to MegaVideo being shut down"
"I got a salmon  I got a salmon  I got a salmon  hey hey hey hey!"
"My favorite gif"
"Emergency Exit"
"How I feel when Never Ending Reddit stops working"
"Photoshop..."
"The Daily Routine of the Common House Cat"
"Innocent comic that I can't help smiling at."
"First rhino problems"
"Subjective worldview"
"Doowap diddily doo and a bibbity bobbity wuhbwuhbwub"
"Skrill Cosby"
"Daily Shopping Trip..."
"Me at a club"
"How I feel in clubs"
"white people..."
"Just went outside for 5 minutes"
"Firefox has Encountered an Error..."
"Firefox seems to have encountered problems with windows"
"Firefox has encountered a problem with Windows"
"blessed woman gets to take a pic with OTG at his best (xpost from /r/onetruegod)"
"Times are tough  looks like Ghost Rider is flying coach."
"Hello...."
"hello.."
"Uhm  I guess so?"
"So I drove past this today what do u think...."
"How I imagine the leader of the anti-Semitic party in Hungary felt after he discovered he is Jewish [FIXED]"
"When i smell a fart."
"Yesterday when I was reading the &quot;what's the worst thing you have ever done&quot; thread"
"Ok so now I want parents like this!"
"The Wild Things are on the train"
"Winners of &quot;Best Parents Ever&quot; Award (x-post from r/boston)"
"This lucky trick-or-treater has awesome parents!"
"Where the Wild Things Are  best parents ever (x-post from r/boston)"
"Best parents... EVER."
"so weird  but cute"
"baby platypus"
"Baby Platypus.."
"Baby Platypussies"
"Rescued these adorable little guys from page 3 of a google image search"
"Friday Afternoons"
"How i feel working my last 12 hour shift at my old job"
"Me at high school locker clean out with 3 days of school left."
"How I feel reading subreddits that are not /r/BraveryJerk"
"Just a few things I don't like"
"Productivity vs. Friday"
"How I feel most days at work  but especially on Fridays."
"How I felt today. It's a Friday  and I left my job today."
"The Friday before a 3-day weekend..."
"When you realize you used the wrong formula to do all the work..."
"How I ended the last week of high school"
"How I feel after spending an hour unsuccessfully trying to braid my own hair"
"How I feel with homework on the weekend"
"A friend just uploaded this to FB labeled &quot;Breakfast&quot;; can you guess which state I live in?"
"President Obama meets with Clint Eastwood on the patio outside the Oval Office"
"President Obama meets with Clint Eastwood on the patio outside the White House"
"President Barack Obama meets with actor Clint Eastwood on the patio outside the Oval Office."
"President Obama meets with Clint Eastwood"
"#TheJuanPercent"
"Votare por Romney he is my amigo."
"How feel when i'm the first one to reach into a bucket of KFC."
"Dat Chicken"
"I think this may fit a little better."
"For my cake day  I present you with my favourite gif"
"this is me  a poor university student  going home for thanksgiving this weekend"
"Guy at work just send me this - Ewok &quot;action&quot; figure"
"Best &quot;action&quot; figure ever made"
"Letter opener at the central office"
"Googled: &quot;redonkulous&quot;. Got the McDonk."
"Taking patriotism to a whole new level."
"West Virginian Pride"
"Proud."
"Mont St. Michel"
"such a nice place on earth"
"Yurop"
"Photobombed by a stingray."
"How I feel as a British guy watching the Olympic Opening Ceremony"
"When watching the opening ceremonies of the Olympics  this is all I can think of . . ."
"Soon..."
"There's what behind me?"
"Playing Volibear jungle  waiting in the bush to gank Fizz"
"How Coachella.com picked people from standby to buy tickets"
"This is how I browse r/new"
"How i feel after having a few and letting my up and down votes fly"
"Every Friday."
"One isn't out"
"When one window just isn't enough"
"When I am making out with a girl and she starts to go down on me."
"When your post goes from 5 downvotes to 1000 upvotes after coming home from work"
"What I imagine getting to the front page must feel like."
"I  a SAP  Forever Alone  and long time Redditor  and at almost 22 yo  finally kissed a girl. Here is my reaction"
"Levels"
"Two different levels"
"Google Chrome *IS* for nerds. For the record  I think this feature is great!"
"Whitehouse.gov tried to stop me from signing the petition"
"And how would facebook even fix that?"
"Why Google? WHY???"
"This is really awesome"
"Probably the Most Counterproductive Thing I Could Possibly Do"
"Thanks Google."
"Least favorite Chrome for iPad feature: not exactly the most elegant way to navigate bookmarks"
"Someone got into my facebook. This is what greeted me when I logged in."
"thats hot"
"Don't play with fire (gif)"
"Whenever I try to do anything science related."
"Slightly Racist and an avid masturbator  Hats off to this guy"
"I only made it 3 days."
"My theory on why no one is talking about no-fap September anymore."
"Probably the weirdest family photo ever."
"Googled &quot;trololo imgur&quot; and this happened."
"Family Picture awkward lvl 100"
"Time for the yearly Christmas photo...(nsfw for nudity)"
"Reddit  Today is my birthday and no one has acknowledged me...pretty much sums it up"
"How I feel since my birthday is today  and all of my friends are on vacation."
"This guy got lost on his way to the skin bar in Atlantic City  damn Sandy"
"Whenever I see a Facebook Gold post"
"Fun Fact"
"He just keeps climbing!"
"Spider-Fighter! Putting out fires with his mad webs."
"today we are going to clean the roof  of this tower."
"Pyramid of captured German helmets outside Grand Central Terminal  New York  ca.1918"
"Yosemite Valley mist illuminated by car headlights at nightfall"
"Yosemite Valley at dusk  with car headlights illuminating the fog [1247x1138]"
"A light mist settles over Yosemite Valley at dusk"
"Yosemite Valley at Dusk"
"A mist had settled over Yosemite Valley  as automobiles passed through  headlights illuminated the fog by Phil Hawkins [xpost /r/EarthPorn]"
"Chewbacca on a giant squirrel fighting Nazis"
"Chewbacca riding a giant squirrel and fighting the Nazis"
"Chewbacca vs. the Germans"
"Just Chewbacca fighting nazis"
"Posting in the wrong subreddit"
"No more basketball!"
"Downvoting a promising post."
"Gumby don't play that."
"Fuck you  Gumby!"
"Batman likes it."
"He's the hero Gotham needs"
"I love good synchronization"
"One of the more perfect mashups I've seen"
"if you dont like EDM music dont spam comments"
"Sweet dreams are made of That 70's Show.[Gif mashup]"
"Ordinary sand  magnified 250x"
"the original flame"
"Tomorrow is International Bacon Day. Found some bacon art to put us in the mood for the big day!!!"
"Happy International Bacon Day!!!! Here is some Bacon art  To get us in the mood for the big day!!!! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"as a female redditor  this is how I feel about pinterest:"
"Whenever I see this...."
"This subreddit in a nutshell."
"Pots. [x-post r/gaming]"
"Can't even handle the stupid"
"If you're going to call someone an idiot learn how to spell. (this is not political it's stupidity)"
"what an odd face / stance / grammar / spelling"
"I want some....."
"My interpretation of the debate [NOW WITH SOUND]"
"The debate in a nutshell"
"The debate in a nutshell"
"You filthy whore"
"So long gay boys"
"How I feel after coming out of an exam I know I dominated."
"Kony Won"
"Kony Won"
"Don't mind me  just posting this so that I have it in my saved links queue for responding to friends."
"Another apple lawsuit"
"I know who's going to take the Hostess collapse the hardest..."
"With Hostess going out of business..."
"Uh oh.... No more Twinkies...Hostess going out of business"
"Hostess is going out of business... my first thought."
"Hostess is going out of business and I know someone who is devastated..."
"Hostess is going out of business? This is what it will be like in a couple of months..."
"MFW the store only has Snowballs left"
"Where's the fucking twinkies!!!!"
"All this Hostess talk reminded me of this..."
"My ex-girlfriend asked me today to delete the old photos of her naked that reside on my computer."
"I just bought a huge steak  and then realized what day it was."
"An adorable kitten playing in a hollister bag"
"Just got back from the gym."
"Get well soon!"
"Friends brother broke his arm but we figured this guy deserved it more"
"Get well soon"
"Get Well Soon!"
"Aww  I hope he pulls through!"
"Get well soon..."
"Get well soon"
"A message to the deer and eagle:"
"We heard you were a little under the weather"
"Get well soon racoon..."
"Cats LOVE it!"
"A must-have for any redditor"
"A friend just uploaded this to Facebook  thought reddit would approve."
"Perfect for redditors"
"Giada misses the point"
"That's one helluva chin"
"Perfectly normal... right?"
"Everytime I'm asked to weigh in on Politics..."
"When you see your teacher in public on a holiday"
"Rebecca Black and her mother read fan's comments on youtube."
"When my mom goes on my computer."
"The Dark Side Of DeviantArt"
"Does anyone know the story behind this picture?"
"Fun with sharks"
"it's a living!"
"A lack of crackers."
"Crackalackin'"
"Nah"
"Crackalackin' - Imgur"
"Nobody can fool the Spiderman!"
"Take that hood off... Wait what"
"Dentist"
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"Go away we are trying to sleep"
"MINE!!"
"Snuggles"
"When my alarm clock goes off on Saturday morning"
"Snuggle buddies"
"Survival of the fittest"
"Don't worry kid  I got your back!"
"Whenever I'm in a meeting."
"What I immediately do when the teacher says  &quot;Why isn't anyone taking notes?!&quot;"
"A Siberian tigress with a cub at Buffalo Zoo"
"I see ALL your geese and raise you Salvador Dali walking an anteater..."
"Cat has a Nicholas cage face"
"My brother left his account up  and he needs more karma. here is Nicholas Cage as a cat."
"What a pro."
"Smooth"
"Hangover is Dangerous"
"My Favorite Picture from the Nightmares Fear Factory Haunted House Photostream in Niagara Falls"
"So I saw this on Facebook today..."
"And my axe"
"Why?"
"1/2 Papa's Face  1/2 Mama's Face"
"Play me out  keyboard cat!"
"The original keyboard cat."
"Play me out cat!!!"
"This cat is playing a piano."
"Death Waltz Cat"
"Play it again  Sam!"
"Play me off..."
"So that's Where my broom is"
"I don't want to think about where she keeps the dust pan"
"Saw this and couldn't help but saying what the fuck"
"iPhone in Soviet Russia..."
"In soviet Russia (found on Facebook)"
"I guess a diet of nothing but cookies will do that to you."
"I could watch these two for hours"
"Chick-fil-a CEO in response to all the criticism."
"What did you do this summer?"
"Some of the best advice I've ever received."
"Dexter on No Shave November"
"As someone who can't grow a proper beard  this is my daily motto for No-Shave Novemeber."
"I work for a company that doesn't allow any facial hair  even in Movember. This helped to console me"
"How I feel when I am in an awsome comment thread"
"This made me laugh"
"How to get comment Karma"
"Sexy lady"
"What SouthPark characters would look like IRL."
"South Park"
"Fork lift"
"Going for a Ride"
"How I feel when I win a religious debate"
"Folgers was wrong."
"Not my cat  but still cute"
"This might break reddit."
"Cats come with hats sometimes."
"We just got a Portal at work that links to our west coast office via webcam"
"We just got a Portal at work that links to our west coast office via webcam (xpost r/pics)"
"Looks like a good hiding place"
"I would PAY for one of these."
"when it's your cake day and your post is actually funny"
"After taking High School Chemistry three times and finally passing it  this is how I feel on Reddit right now."
"If you look at this gif long enough the upvote shoot backwards"
"Posting to Reddit on a Friday"
"Whenever anyone says &quot;Don't upvote this&quot;"
"My cakeday mission. For all!"
"Everytime I am drunk and on Reddit."
"Lube choice: One of life's most important decisions."
"Whoopi"
"What it feels like being downvoted again when there are already zero upvotes."
"Dog owns kid twice"
"In honor of the fact that they won't be stopping at this film"
"Another how Twilight should end post"
"A map of all the undersea internet cables in the world"
"TIL: The vast majority of the world's communications are not carried by satellites but by an older technology: cables under the sea"
"The Internet's undersea world"
"The internet's undersea world [Infographic]"
"How I feel whenever someone asks me about my plans after graduation"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1999[FIXED]"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1998 (Fixed)"
"Now THIS one breaks joysticks"
"This destroyed a lot more N64 joysticks"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1999"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks (and your palm) since 1998 [FIXED]"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [Fixed]"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks since 1996 (Fixed)"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [FIXED]"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1998* [FIXED ... and corrected]"
"Number 1 cause of stigmata on kids in the 90s"
"Fear the beard (really). My friend just snapped this as he was passing the ballpark."
"In case you missed it earlier today..."
"Fear the Beard  zero fucks given. (stolen from /r/pics)"
"This is how Giants' relief pitcher Brian Wilson commutes to work."
"Cool shoes  man."
"This is *my* favorite .gif"
"Not your average meteor shower."
"When you absolutely  positively need to finish off Mario."
"I don't like to gamble"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"This picture floated across my newsfeed today."
"I'm pretty easy going  so this is what happens when I am asked for my decision on something"
"Whenever someone tells me somthing I don't agree with"
"Roses are Black"
"When the world's got me down  this always manages to bring me back up."
"Still my favorite gif on the internet..."
"Calm your jimmies  gently..."
"How i feel when my friends Jimmies have been rustled."
"Heard this and immediately thought of her."
"Shock art  just...nope!"
"Just happened. When me and the enemy gaurd for our red and their blue notice each other."
"When someone posts something on facebook that only another redditor would understand"
"Let's see what we have he.. *bang*"
"When you find out the hot girl at the party has a boyfriend."
"How I feel when I see delicious food posts as a college student"
"How I feel after missing my one year reddit anniversary by three days..."
"I missed my cake-day..."
"Those eyes.."
"Sad cat"
"Sentimental cat."
"Did I...did I miss my cake day?"
"I'm getting married tomorrow  and we just paid off everything we booked for the event."
"Like my human."
"This Is Why I Love Japan."
"This still freaks me out."
"I hate how they Cook those Lobsters...so Cruel.."
"Whenever I see a hot girl in yoga pants walking around on campus"
"When I wear my new suit out for the first time."
"Cast of Arrested Development in Victorian Garb"
"Bluths are back"
"“How much could a banana cost? Ten ducats?”"
"I can't get enough Tobias"
"First picture of the arrested development cast reunited! And don't they look hotter than ham water?"
"Friday..."
"How I feel after my first week of my Junior year of college as an EE student...[REPOST]"
"Personal favorite of Wolverine"
"Ya nasty."
"I will never understand this about villains"
"so true..."
"Sorry if I look different. Jet lag."
"Just got back from my trip to France  guys"
"I made a brief history of the History Channel for a project:"
"Taking bumper stickers to the next level"
"This is... *finger in air* I just... *balled fist against mouth* I think... *concerned stare* ahem..."
"I wonder how many people he converted..."
"I might actually watch NASCAR if they did this."
"What a shitty job."
"worst job ever. (TRUMPED)"
"Just a guy inspecting an elephants asshole"
"Obligatory."
"Is this appropriate for my cakeday?"
"Account was deleted...lost over 5 000 karma...I don't even feel human anymore"
"some people get way ahead of themselves"
"High quality 4chan!"
"I posted this meme as a response to a statement. Someone replied and asked about the origin of the picture/meme. So reddit  where the hell did this piece of gold come from?"
"Sent my co-worker an r/funny link. She sent me this in response. I think she wins."
"What The Fuck"
"My favorite meme of all time (contest me if you want)"
"no matter how I feel this always chears me up ps:my first post to WTF"
"I'm scared of toasters."
"Where can I find more of these?"
"This was on my newsfeed today..."
"WHAT?..."
"Real Talk about Donuts from a 12 year old (word count: 137)"
"Seems like it..."
"How I feel when depression threads only address issues like social anxiety/feelings of worthlessness/suicidal thoughts/etc."
"I feel like I'm the only one who thinks this is a bad idea"
"Well  maybe the Yankees should've shown up for the games...."
"Soon"
"How to break a fight"
"Out of fucking nowhere!"
"My dog didn't know what to think..."
"Is this guy serious..?"
"one of these things just doesnt belong"
"Photobombing level: Seal"
"Classic Photobomb"
"photo-bomb level: seal"
"mmm..."
"Haters."
"A problem ever man has to face  sigh..."
"Who ever said the treasury didn't have a sense of humour?"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like chains"
"When I find the last beer in the back of the fridge."
"Happy Reddit family."
"Someone's tired."
"My Husky-golden retriever mix. I love him."
"The Beginning of a Beautiful Friendship."
"Hedgehog Win"
"Revenge of the hedgehog."
"My 1st Cake Day. I'm sure this is how the rest of Reddit feels."
"Oh it's my Reddit birthday?"
"How I fell as a 5'6&quot; male when tall people complain about how their height causes them problems."
"Any time someone comes to me with a work problem Friday afternoon"
"I go to a school were Greek life is a really big deal. &quot;Bid Day&quot; was a few days ago. This was my reaction every time someone started telling me what frat/sorority they joined."
"Whenever I see an atheism or politics post..."
"No Cheating!"
"No Cheating!"
"Pretty much"
"What is this move called? NSFW"
"This must be why they never go back. [VERY NSFW]"
"This was the first result on Google  when I typed &quot;troll imgur&quot;. Worth it."
"Asshole Monkey"
"Monkey trolling a Dog"
"So I made a toon on Warsong-us..."
"Restoration lady  tries to fix monkey face"
"I do this to my dog. All day  every day."
"As a Brazilian  I find this accurate in most cases."
"Once I put on my headphones  my life becomes a music video."
"How I imagine myself in 50 years."
"Teaches of Jackasses"
"Old man Twerks"
"Dat personality"
"Sorry this works too well"
"Bawesome."
"3 day old baby polar bear..."
"Just a baby polar bear."
"Polar Bear cub"
"Yoshi's awkward adventure"
"After seeing reposts of the top gifs on Reddit."
"Every time I browse r/shittyfoodporn."
"This makes me laugh when I am particularly out of fucks"
"To those of you who kept clapping during the Avengers last night"
"When my post almost instantly goes to 0 karma score  never to see the light of day."
"What's Up?"
"Cruising in style"
"The proper way to pimp your ride!"
"You know what Friday means..."
"You Sure Had Some Moves Old Man"
"How I feel on a Friday on Reddit at work"
"How I feel discovering A &amp; J"
"How I browse Reddit at work on a Friday knowing the weekend will start soon."
"To all the commenters in my first successful post"
"Anyone got the original Dumb &amp; Dumber upvote handout gif please"
"Me when I am drunk on Reddit."
"Every damn time a girl tells me she thinks I'm good looking...."
"Girl Trashes Ex-Boyfriend's Apartment. So fucked up."
"If you're a girl that does that  fuck you. Stay single."
"Pretty teeth"
"Got to try this on Halloween"
"Sick body paint."
"Venom-Like Bodypaint [X-Post from r/WTF]"
"Oregon Trail  or My Entire Childhood summed up in one gif."
"My Childhood in a nutshell"
"You'll make it to Portland one day"
"Oregon trails"
"There's no climax."
"I just don't enjoy them like i used to"
"You know you're doing it."
"How are you all so creative?!"
"How I Met Your Mother is good  but..."
"Rugged"
"Did anyone else build these in Sim City 2000?"
"Easily convertible into a zombie-free zone. Aogashima off the coast of Japan."
"Aogashima Island  Japan."
"Scumbag Stephanie"
"getting head for the first time"
"When someone takes both my armrests at the cinema."
"Nah.."
"THE. BEST. GTA. EVER."
"Not every man wants to be the fastest in the world"
"I'd give this ad a gold medal."
"Personally I like to be like Usain."
"Durex Olympics Billboard Ad"
"Condom makers Durex deliver a brilliant Olympic billboard"
"Condom makers Durex deliver a brilliant Olympic billboard"
"There’s definitely a joke there somewhere about swimmers..."
"maybe or maybe not."
"Poor Usain."
"The average face of women across the world."
"Average face of girls across various countries"
"The average face of women around the world"
"Realizing I'd have to do work  this was my reaction when trying to open Reddit yesterday"
"When someone I hate says something stupid"
"Still my favorite gif to date"
"The moment when you realize you have homework on a Sunday night."
"When the teacher randomly hears someone swear when there's a break in the conversation"
"Whenever I catch someone double dipping."
"How I react when someone spoils the ending of a book I'm reading."
"My face when I learned that &quot;imgur&quot; was pronounced &quot;image-er&quot; rather than &quot;im-grr&quot;."
"Bertception"
"Me  after reading 50 shades of grey"
"My reaction every time I hear someone say that evolution is just a &quot;theory&quot;."
"Opening my A level results..."
"So  last night dad finally got hold of mom's copy of 50 shades of grey..."
"Whenever I see someone double dip at a party"
"Whatcha doin? Hmm? Hmm? HMM?"
"When I saw r/Gonewild for the first time"
"Between Two Ferns"
"llama humping llama humping llama....look a dog!"
"Whenever a friend's got birthday I send them an email with this attached. [NSFW]"
"Saul's take..."
"As soon as I saw him in Arrested Development  I knew it was going to be a good episode."
"This is genius..."
"'Murika!"
"Steven &quot;Kenny&quot; Rodgers"
"&quot;I'm A Fucking T-Rex&quot; [PIC]"
"I want some"
"im a t-rex"
"Ay dios mio"
"Tequila kitty wishes you a happy Friday!"
"Pigman Bust?"
"Behold the Pig God"
"Llamas &lt;3"
"Bitch  I'm Fabulous"
"Bill Cosby: The Equation"
"Of course..."
"Saw this on my Facebook feed and was surprised by the intelligence..."
"Beezow Doo Doo Zopitty bop Bop Bop MATH!"
"cos b"
"Crossing the border  by car!"
"I saw Kristen Stewart's nude scene in On the Road...[SFW]"
"This is why Captain Falcon can't go to the doctor anymore."
"Falcon REFLEX!"
"Started playing melee C.F this some it up"
"No  it’s not turning right."
"Can someone explain this to me?"
"This dog"
"Now who's running?"
"LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE"
"Stare"
"Well...I didn't plan on sleeping anyway..."
"From his perspective"
"Lion King - Mufasa shows his kingdom"
"You must never go there  Simba."
"Real life Lion King"
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom."
"Just a father."
"Just a father"
"Wanna take a ride on the BMW Oracle?"
"Whenever Someone Doesn't Pay Attention To My Presentation..."
"Googled 'well that makes sense' and found this..."
"So I found this in my photo gallery..."
"Cocaine Toothache Drops for $0.15"
"Cocaine Toothache Drops Ad - 1885"
"How I feel when somebody makes the front page with a TIL that I already knew."
"My wife just surprised me with advance screening tickets to the Dark Knight Rises..."
"That's enough internet for today. (Kinda NSWF? Possible re-post)"
"This is why I can't have a girlfriend."
"A little tree on the sidewalk"
"Nature finds a way"
"Dolly zoom"
"An Easy Bet"
"Dammit."
"Rock paper scissors... Err.. Rock scissors shoo!"
"Guys there is life on the other side of Reddit  who's with me"
"Mood Brightener"
"How to ease constipation (SFL)"
"There's no way I'd ever be able to unclench..."
"best toilet ever"
"forever a moon"
"Tired pets"
"Tired Pets [IMAGE]"
"Prepare yourselves..."
"NOPE"
"Scientist Discover Winged Spider"
"This can't be real"
"I don't want to live in this planet anymore."
"Reddit's worst nightmare"
"Fuck you  evolution"
"I... I don't even..."
"I think everyone needs this in their collection."
"*bite*"
"You know what rhymes with Sloth?"
"Just want to make sure you know this exists [FIXED]"
"You know what rhymes with sloth?"
"What rhymes with sloth"
"What rhymes with sloth"
"I laughed way to much at this."
"It kinda does..."
"LPT: Cracked iPhone back? Use highlighters to &quot;pimp yo' phone&quot;"
"Cracked iPhone back + Highlighters"
"The Mr. Rogers of Science"
"A face of Atheism"
"what weather segments should use to describe tomorrow and Sunday"
"Nothing compliments a hairless pussy like a set of boobies."
"My reaction when I heard they were going to announce a new Call of Duty game."
"Whew  close call!"
"Tom Cruise &amp; Katie Holmes are divorcing?"
"Tom Cruise &amp; Katie Holmes are divorcing? (x-post from r/reactiongifs)"
"When I heard the Viacom/DirectTV contract dispute was over"
"Missed my cake day."
"When Gangnam Style reached 1 billion views"
"when i saw i missed my cakeday"
"The tour guide told the orangutan to pose next to us for the picture  and this is what he did..."
"Probably one of the best images I have seen in my lifetime"
"The bear jew"
"he's a brave kitten"
"A spectacular shot"
"As a newer user on Reddit  this is what I image everyone's house looks like on here."
"That's right  we live together"
"that's a little creepy  Batman."
"Please  Daisy  Get Better Soon."
"A pic of Drew Carey when he was in the marine core."
"Lake Tree  British Columbia  Canada"
"Beauty in British Columbia"
"The old lifting the new"
"Tree arising from rock"
"Does anyone play an instrument?"
"&quot;Sometimes to become a lion  you must first become a dogg...&quot;"
"It makes more sense now"
"This is why I love Photoshop. Good ole' Obama! #2Termz"
"Not sure if racist or hilarious..."
"2termz"
"Really hope this becomes a thing"
"In London's HMVs Chris Brown's latest album comes with an appropriate warning sticker."
"When someone tries to snag one of my french fries."
"Poor taste just hit a whole new level..."
"In other news...someone broke the laws of physics"
"Fresh Prince of Gondor"
"Now I'd like to take a minute and tell you the Lore of how I became King of a realm called Gondor"
"Prince of ME"
"I saw this on /r/funny I thought it belonged here."
"lol fresh prince LOTR edition"
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"Face-swaps are played out. May I present the arm swap?"
"Oh you know...."
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"OH SHIT OH SHIT OH SHIT"
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"galactic burn"
"Just your standard urinal"
"Behold the interactive guitar urinal"
"Musical Piss"
"By Far One of My Favorite Gifs"
"What I plan to do on Friday night"
"Every time I come home from work/class..."
"atom (&lt;-- name of song)"
"Every fight with my boyfriend..."
"Wait... why are we fighting again?"
"It's nice to know that those in other countries are happy with what they have."
"It's nice to know that some people are happy with what they have."
"Teaching 'creation' science"
"I got 99 cookies-"
"For me?"
"All for me? You shouldn't have!"
"after discovering /r/gonewild"
"This is what happens when i get my internet back"
"Guy takes cops for a spin."
"Some pencil art"
"Amazing Pencil Art"
"Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke Skywalker and R2D2"
"After the comment  I knew this had to be made"
"GRRRAWLLAWLALA"
"Hey..is that Mike over there?"
"Hey Mike!"
"Mike  you fucking piece of shit!"
"I give you the John Holmes of sausages."
"Fuck you sauce"
"ITS FRIDAYYYYYYYYY"
"Rob wants to give you a high five..."
"the reddit cafeteria"
"if reddit had a cafeteria"
"This took careful planning"
"Took me 4 cars and a few calculations...but i got the royal flushhhh"
"I hope you think about this as you brush your teeth."
"Could watch this all day"
"Credit goes to u/AnEnglishDoctor for the idea."
"Rawr"
"I want candy."
"I Can't Believe This Just Happened!"
"Shouldn't this guy be covered in downvotes?"
"copy and paste this http://i.imgur.com/qgGFF.png into the browser and read the whole thing"
"Oh boy!"
"I can't believe I just said that!"
"Trying to watch porn when the sidebar advert is a picture of a huge  foot-long dick"
"Why Do All The Super Hero Have to Wear Masks?"
"I think we all know who is the best superhero here."
"secret identity"
"Shameless indeed!"
"Shitty page layout."
"Another unfortunate page layout"
"That's a VERY unfortunate magazine layout"
"Well  this is unfortunate."
"Unfortunate page layout there."
"Didn't think to check the layout of both pages  huh?"
"Post workout diarrhea shakes help replenish much needed nutrients."
"Scene inside Democratic National Committee headquarters as the Romney campaign announced Paul Ryan as running mate"
"The Front Page Today"
"Come on  folks..."
"Why do racing games keep doing this?"
"What i'm thinking watching the Olympic's opening ceremony"
"No more... please!"
"It's Getting To Be A Problem..."
"Cat GIF's"
"Time for Breastfeeding?"
"My most recent (and best) purchase."
"Hey dude don't dare to play with me"
"Dear Jesus..."
"Thank you Jesus..."
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Thanks  Jesus"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food"
"Thanks  Jesus."
"Dear Jesus.. thank you for this meal..."
"THANK YOU JESUS!"
"Thanks Jesus for this food"
"Thanks  Jesus"
"As a Swede i always remember this gem when Americans talk about saying grace."
"de nada"
"Thank you Jesus"
"Thanks  Jesus  for the food"
"It's funny cause it's true"
"Thanks  Jesus!"
"Thanks Jesus  for the food"
"Thank you  Jesus [RESTORED]"
"Thanks Jesus"
"Thank Jesus"
"Most Americans around Thanksgiving"
"Thank  Jesus  for all this food."
"Your shoes will thank me"
"Bitches love leaves."
"Found this on Images today when I went to Google stuff about my new puppy..."
"Fall is in the air. Time to initiate my plan to swoon the lady I like."
"Ill get that bitch some leaves"
"Not sure why this is so funny to me."
"I didn't know Justin Bieber was a Girl Scout in the 60s..."
"Kids these days."
"What it's like waiting for someone to pick you up from your house"
"If you park lke this  Fuck you[FIXED]"
"Epic parking job"
"What? Oh wait..."
"So this came up on my newsfeed..."
"Country Fire Authority member gives a koala a drink of water."
"just a koala drinking from a waterbottle."
"Li'l Wayne/ Mayan Art"
"The Mayans predicted Lil Wayne"
"Well  The Mayans got something right."
"Everytime my GF wants to talk about 'us.'"
"Lost: What really happened"
"Lost. The real ending."
"Killing Is My Business And Business Is Good!"
"Just a poodle moth"
"TIL there is still some creepy shit in this world. Meet the Poodle Moth"
"Poodle Moth"
"Poodle-moth  I have no idea what i'm looking at."
"poodle-moth"
"No such thing as a cute bug? I give you the Venezuelan Poodle Moth."
"My reaction when people catch me air drumming in my car at a stop light."
"88 miles per hour"
"Toy cars."
"But i never told u where i live !"
"Sometimes my Facebook friend suggestions epitomize WTF"
"Da fuq"
"I can even think of a title for this..."
"Just taking my dog for a walk"
"seems legit"
"Extreme sports"
"This took a turn I was not expecting. NSFL!"
"Headshot"
"How i feel about my facebook friends now that i can see when they see my message and ignore it"
"A teenage gang of mopeds ran a red light in heavy downtown traffic  revving their engines and doing wheelies..."
"How I feel when i get down votes for what I thought was an extremely funny post"
"The Seven Deadly Sins: Sloth"
"Books! Headshot!"
"Terrible Taxidermy [Album]"
"Wait for it..."
"Kramer the turkey"
"So I went to the beach today..."
"U have no words for this..."
"I have no words for this..."
"unleash the beast"
"Oh yeah  totally legit guys."
"How I feel coming out of a dry spell..."
"The first time you finish inside your partner with no condom"
"Unfortunate pyro timing"
"mfw my Karma reached over 1 000"
"Saw this in the food court of a mall today."
"Ice Tea"
"Insane volcanic lightning storm in Chile"
"Volcanic Lightning Storm"
"People of the world  start praying  the Anti-Nyan Cat is born."
"Amazing pic of thunderstorm in Nelson  B.C."
"When I'm sitting on the huge sub-woofer at the club and the DJ starts playing dubstep."
"How I feel when my internet doesn't work"
"Found this on my phone after a very high night"
"Morgan Freeman's Voice Is Engraved Into Our Minds"
"Titty Sprinkles"
"Clever Gif"
"Recursive apple drop"
"My brain is melting...."
"Yahoo Answers never fails to make me chuckle."
"[MAJOR SPOILER ALERT] This is seriously how Christopher Nolan decided to end the Dark Knight trilogy"
"All I could think at end of Batman... (spoilers  kinda)"
"I feel the Dark Knight was just a tribute of this"
"All two and a half hours of The Dark Knight Rises...put into one gif"
"Dark Knight ending in a nutshell [SPOILERS]"
"The Dark Knight Rises alternate ending"
"Every time I feel i'm making progress.."
"how i imagine making throwaways must feel"
"get IT!"
"I think i'm gonna take the stairs."
"But..."
"Girlfriend broke up with me Wednesday. This will be me at the bar tonight.[FIXED]"
"ArmaCageon"
"ArmaCageon Revisited"
"what..."
"Repost."
"Barista Collage"
"Either way you're screwed."
"This is how Asians age"
"The Asian Aging Process"
"TIL the 'Daddy Long Legs' harvestman group together in massive numbers to avoid climatic harm/predators"
"DEAR GOD I THOUGHT IT WAS HAIR NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE"
"Going through reddit's &quot;New&quot; tab"
"Reddit when im having a really bad day"
"Mars - The base of Mount Sharp as seen by Curiousity."
"Ladies and gentlemen  please welcome lord duckface"
"This goes here WTF"
"Hey girl  you lookin fine."
"Cannot be unseen"
"Why dose have to be president if he's already the mayor of whoville?"
"Scraggy is confused."
"Breaking bad halloween kids costumes"
"Came across some early Halloween costumes on my fb feed"
"Ran into this on facebook  never go full retard."
"Everyday on /r/gifs"
"not sure if repost. repost. about reposts [6]"
"Still my favorite gif"
"Still my favorite gif."
"Don't look directly into the eyes"
"Ladies  please... it's exam time"
"RCMP officer rescues bald eagle hit by car"
"RCMP officer rescues bald eagle hit by car"
"Saw this and thought I should share it. Cop holding a bald eagle"
"Spot the Difference"
"How to piss off an otter"
"See this shit? Damn human can't do an otter thing!"
"Ok idiot"
"How I feel trying to stack any Tupperware/Plastic storage containers."
"Otter finds a flaw in your logic"
"Dick Otter."
"You see this you idiot?!"
"Puzzled Otter"
"The first GIF to make me laugh for 5 minutes straight"
"it just doesn't fit (x-post from r/funny)"
"It doesnt fit"
"How to piss off an otter - Imgur"
"The ali of kitty's"
"How I feel when there is too much wind at a [8] [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Kitty vs. hair dryer"
"Mortal Kitty"
"Aww  look at that co-OH MY GOD"
"[NSFL] Hey  why the long fa- OH MY FUCKING WHAT"
"That poor  poor glass of milk."
"What. Just What."
"Ok  I'm serious… WTF? (NSFW?)"
"Um? WTF is this?"
"Can someone tell me what's happening here.."
"Someone explain. Now. What the actual fuck is this."
"I don't know what the fuck is happening here  but I know I don't like it."
"...This is someone's fetish."
"Milky Motha' Fucka'"
"This is ..well it exists for some reason"
"Mastodon with Barney &amp; Friends"
"Just something from my collection[4chan]"
"Just some water skiing"
"Not sure if repost  but somebody please tell me this is real"
"Cool elephant skiing"
"They told me to"
"Apple's perfect product design"
"What I think about when browsing /r/new"
"Me going on tumblr after discovering reddit"
"This is what I think of all the reposts that still make me laugh."
"Yesterday was my last day working as a mailman  this pretty much summarizes what I did"
"It's my Reddit Cake Day"
"It's my Reddit Cake Day (FIXED)"
"Just saw Gangnam Style for the first time  was thinking this the whole time."
"Its friday and a 3 day weekend!!"
"How I feel when casting my upvote or downvote."
"How I feel downvoting something that is already on the front page"
"Europe!"
"I Got This!!"
"How I Feel About /IAMA Right Now (fixed)"
"how i feel about skyrim  as a non-gamer."
"This is Reddit's reaction every time I try and post something."
"How I feel about the Woody Harrelson AMA"
"My thoughts on every Woody Harrelson post today."
"My Reaction to Woody-HarrelsonGate"
"How I feel about your cat"
"Wait  today was Friday the 13th?"
"Hey! I too got into Diablo 3 beta!"
"For my cake day  I present this gif..."
"How I feel when everyone is freaking out about graduation."
"Look at this adorable little fella I got from the alley behind my house!"
"My reaction to all the &quot;This is how hot it is where I am&quot; posts"
"As a ________ everytime I see a post from someone different than me"
"When my friends ask me what I think about Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes getting divorced."
"How I felt when the Kristen Stewart-Robert Pattinson made the front page of the paper"
"How I feel about the Olympic opening ceremony"
"How I feel about every confession bear meme."
"When I found out Lance Armstrong was going to be stripped of his 7 Tour de France titles."
"It's my Cake day today  but I have a feeling things are going to turn out something like this."
"So apparently Jersey Shore got cancelled."
"So I was watching a celebrity news  then I realized..."
"I caught part of the MTV Music awards last night. All I have to say is &quot;AND THE AWARD GOES TO.......&quot;"
"When I opened my long-awaited for secret Santa gift  only to find a lone piece of poop."
"So my girlfriend just got yoga pants"
"This was my happy little accident while listening to Pandora today..."
"Mines Better"
"thought it fit"
"Bonding moment"
"Just some fun at the safari"
"Like a boss!"
"Halloween in 3 days"
"Little Chewbacca - Max Level"
"Chewbacca Dog: A/C Blown Dry Hair and a little Gel  Wah Lah"
"Chewbacca dog"
"Too Soon???? Finally  a Facebook post about Whitney Houston I can appreciate."
"GTFO of my house  bitch."
"It's gonna get louder!!!"
"Kitten with headphones"
"Leave it to the Japanese"
"I'm not sure where this is going..."
"Japan and their crazy-ass manga."
"How I take advantage of Steam sales."
"Just saw something in my grandparent's attic that sold for $100 on Pawn Stars."
"Something tells me I'm in for an ass whooping..."
"How I feel hearing that The Hobbit will be a trilogy"
"Every time I listen to Bohemian Rhapsody"
"I can't stop laughing at this."
"The Phantom Menace"
"The SPCA need the force"
"Duck transformers!"
"Transformers more than meets the eye!"
"Human Genetics"
"And that's how kids are made!"
"Genetics in action"
"Genetics in action [Fixed]"
"Sting  this is dog"
"Every dog  everywhere"
"Thought this was funny when I saw it."
"Cast away."
"we all want something"
"Perspective"
"well.... shit"
"Well  fuck."
"You don't say..."
"A Fairly Tense Experience"
"A Fairly Tense Experience"
"&quot;A Slightly Tense Experience&quot;"
"&quot;A Fairly Tense Experience&quot;"
"&quot;A Fairly Tense Experience&quot; xpost from r/WTF"
"A Fairly Tense Experience"
"Paradise in picture form"
"Confused dog on an escalator."
"My uptoking scheme at a [5] (X-post form gifs)"
"I just discovered the internet yesterday and saw this funny video! Here is said video because clearly no one else could have possibly seen this video clip before. Although it is much more enjoyable tiny and without sound that is why I shall post it as a .gif"
"Reddit deals with disappointment from Woody Harrelson."
"The face of r/atheism"
"How I feel when I downvote a comment that already scores below the threshold..."
"How I imagine it looks when someone hits on Sarah Jessica Parker"
"What COD is starting to feel like."
"Hey look! Another futurama promo using memes!"
"Reddit in one gif"
"How I feel when I see yet another Chick-fil-A post"
"When I see any post about boycotting Chik-Fil-A"
"So they're making a Hangover Part III..."
"How I feel about all of these Sarah Jessica Parker/ horse jokes..."
"Hearing about how much Mitt Romney sucks"
"This is what my town is famous for."
"Chris Matthews interviews Marsha Blackburn"
"Spiderkid"
"North Korean secret weapon"
"Bizarre Gold from 4chan"
"You will never look at Rolie Polies in the same way"
"There IS Such a Thing As Too Much Awesome"
"Atticus mothafuckin' Finch."
"Atticus Finch being a gangsta' while having a 40 being poured on him by cupid Biggie and Tupac"
"Nothing much  just naked in the park. (Slightly NSFW)"
"This painted on the body interests me"
"Warning: Wet Paint!"
"How I feel during a final"
"What I think about half of my Facebook friends..."
"My Reaction to the Quote Bandwagon"
"How I feel after 1 day of not looking at r/atheism..."
"How I feel when I look at my Steam friendlist"
"Checking my facebook for the first time in months"
"How I feel watching the Olympics and seeing all the countries."
"My view on college freshmen."
"When a lot of people I don't know send me a friends request"
"WTF mom!"
"If I fits I sits: Level poultry"
"You're going to be my new baby..."
"Motherly instinct..."
"Yeah  no shit."
"Military budget cuts"
"'Murica FTW!"
"Cheery  camo-clad soldiers holding invisible rifles and charging a beach."
"Meanwhile  on Mars..."
"Any better songs for this?"
"It had to be done"
"It's a perfect fit"
"i think it fits pretty well"
"Every single Friday. No matter how terrible the week was."
"Murder train"
"How I feel when I come out to the parking lot to find my bike tipped over"
"Ever wonder what happened to Beans from Even Stevens?"
"You know  this makes a lot of sense from a [0-10]"
"Everybody's best friend!"
"You'll never know for sure"
"Say Your Father's Name"
"Vada boy off in this"
"The milk ain't gonna deliver itself!"
"Hold still  Sonny"
"Hold Still."
"Thought it was pretty funny"
"That bathroom could use some Lemon Pledge [x-post from r/slenderman]"
"EVERY TIME"
"Consuela at her finest"
"A storm is coming"
"amazing photo of a storm going over NYC"
"Riding with Bert"
"How I feel learning that my ex gf is complaining to her friends about missing me after she cheated on me"
"Deer wants to fly too."
"Go home deer  you're drunk."
"And I'll pretend I'm an Indian brave!"
"Best Face Swap (can't find original pic)"
"The Weather Channel Reddit Style."
"Redditor weatherman."
"Juuuuusssstttt passing through!"
"Juuuuuust passing through"
"Oh look! Another repost..."
"Good morning Reddit. My wife left me and took our beautiful dog  two cats and my sanity. This is our I feel right now.[ not literally  but figuratively. and yes I am on my second serving of rum]"
"An epic battle is about to take place"
"Ironic?"
"Taylor Swift is a road hog!"
"Coincidental?"
"PETA has nothing on Top Gear!"
"Tested on animals..."
"Friend does this every turkey day  not sure whether it is the best idea ever or that I'd barf..."
"Classy bacon costume  April 1894."
"I think I am..."
"This shouldn't bother me as much has it does..."
"What I feel like on reddit today."
"IT'S JUST LIKE THIS TITLE"
"After looking through the baby picture VS now thread..."
"free steam key"
"This is all I can think when I see the scumbag mom/dad memes."
"Probably so..."
"How the hell are there so many?"
"Am I the only one?"
"Watching movies with shower scenes  started wondering...."
"How I feel as a Arma I / Arma II veteran"
"How I feel about all the recent contouring posts"
"I know I'm an asshole  but in reply to the album about the plastic surgery...."
"I can't be the only one..."
"i can't be the only one..."
"Seriously though.... Am I the only one?"
"On Deceptive Romney and Spiteful Billionaire"
"Seriously? I can't relate to most these posts."
"ONLY ONE NSFW"
"Irony"
"happy duck!"
"Places to go  people to see"
"monday morning tape"
"Meanwhile  in Russia (album version)"
"hey  you mind if i get some attention"
"If Zelda were true to the laws of physics..."
"how the boomerang works in real life (for most people)"
"This gif always manages to make me laugh (x-post from r/funny)"
"when your friends are dicks"
"What can I say? This is pretty epic..."
"When my boss tells me I can leave early."
"Wednesday Holiday"
"Every time I smoke trees."
"Don't forget the jazz hands!"
"Wednesday gots the feelin'"
"I just told my five year old daughter that I put more freezer pops in the freezer. Here is a comparable reaction."
"Americano"
"Old man in Up! exists"
"Uncanny resemblance meme..."
"Old man from Up"
"The best look alike? It's definitely UP there."
"Up?"
"Real live grandpa from UP"
"Pretty accurate."
"Dear  to who ever did this ... You had one job to do .. One job..."
"Seems legit."
"Gotta love Stanley"
"Aha."
"Clumsy infomercial people"
"How many times does this happen to you? Every. Single. Day."
"When a girl tries to tell me the kid is mine"
"Winterfell Weather Center"
"Its starting to get colder"
"Tough to maneuver"
"Upvoting the front page."
"Me  the first time at the dentist"
"wat?"
"So I searched E.T. on Google  and this came up..."
"Are you fucking kidding me"
"Like omg they weren't even a trend on Twitter"
"A list of some of my favorite gifs/reaction images! Steal  Use  Enjoy!"
"MFW I discovered RES's night mode option"
"My face; first time hearing this song."
"How I feel getting closer to 10 000 karma."
"Don't know if this Nicholas Cage couch has been posted already but I just saw it for the first time and kind of want it."
"How I am whenever my ex tries to contact me."
"When Donald Duck visits r/gonewild"
"When my friend asks for one of my fries"
"When feeling generous  this is me browsing through /r/new"
"How /r/gonewild really is"
"Who said yolo?!"
"Who said it?!"
"How I feel when I see a picture of nicki minaj"
"Hog's balls are so big his turds land on them (NSFW/NSFL)"
"Oh poo... (NSFW?)"
"That cat is up to something! [GIF]"
"haha PROBLEM kitty?"
"Super Cat"
"DAMN CHAIR"
"DAMN CHAIR (x-post from /r/funny)"
"History of Reddit"
"now where do I recognise this from..."
"90's flashback"
"The Cosbys."
"The Cosby Family!"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Great exercise"
"Achoo!"
"You'll be fine  it's just fire [NSFW]"
"Whoops! nsfw"
"The line between rich and poor"
"A line between rich and poor"
"For all those who are reluctant to click on that upvote arrow  I have a request..."
"For all those who are reluctant to click on that upvote arrow  I have a request... [x-post r/gifs]"
"Even after playing Civilization 5 for 6 hours today..."
"Woody Harrelson AMA"
"So I got DayZ two days ago."
"How I feel every day working as 1st line support."
"I bought Microsoft Flight Simulator"
"Whenever I talk as a Malkavian in Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines."
"Any time I put chalk on a pool stick."
"How I feel joining a Fantasy Football League for the first time"
"Where do Astronauts hang out?"
"To sell propane..."
"To sell propane..."
"Feet to head  everyone's dead."
"Amazing sculpture"
"Like I needed another reason not to try bull fighting..."
"wow..."
"Batman Style"
"Gotham Style!!!"
"Living on the Edge..."
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Joseph Gordon Levitts."
"ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!"
"Losing weight is serious business for this cat"
"Queue Rocky theme"
"Haters Gonna Hate [x-post from /r/pics]"
"This cat is the best around"
"Whenever someone comments on the state of my room"
"this is Sepiroth not giving a fuck"
"Realizing I missed my cakeday because i decided to go out and socialize"
"When I get downvoted for something I think is good."
"When you walk into McDonald’s with more than five dollars:"
"Walking into a meeting with a free lunch"
"Payday and Taco Bell releases Doritos Tacos."
"How I felt realizing cakeday = instant karma"
"Walking into McDonald's with over $5"
"When I walk in the bathroom at work and the handicap stall is open."
"Nicolas Cage strikes again"
"My Google search for &quot;Handsome Nicolas Cage.&quot; Perfection."
"I know this is a repost but I just found this on an old flash drive and got warm and fuzzes from it."
"Creepiest pageant ever? Miss Pretty Eyes"
"Creepiest Pageant ever? Miss Pretty Eyes"
"So close"
"When I'm in a mostly empty movie theater and someone sits in the seat in front of me."
"when it's my boyfriend's turn to be the small spoon"
"How I feel when I see everyone posting pictures related to the end of a normal 5-day work week  while being in the car sales business  I work every Saturday"
"Peanut butter"
"This will forever make my day a bit better."
"My favorite picture on the internet"
"Still my favorite pic.."
"Can I have push please?"
"Push me!"
"I can dodge bullets"
"Thievery (pic)"
"When someone is begging for karma on their cake day"
"And we're done..."
"And I was like  PEW PEW PEW!"
"On 9/11.. we strike."
"Seal"
"The Seal Seal xpost from pics"
"Today is my dog's birthday so my mom decided to dress her up. I can't say Marlie was thrilled."
"A kiss from a rose  on the face."
"Did I do this right?"
"Seal seal"
"Ummmm.... haha?"
"Seal was spotted in it's natural habitat."
"Seal."
"I just... I don't even..."
"Seal."
"And then suddenly....SEAL! [FIXED][FIXED]"
"If I didn't already know what seal (the singer) looked like...this is how I'd picture him"
"This guy."
"You want a piece of me?? Take this! And that! Oh shit  don't hurt me.."
"Bounce bounce bounce [NSFW]"
"Party hard"
"My favorite vertical comic. Simple  yet elegant. (Kanye)"
"THE GOVERNMENT TOOK MY BABIES"
"Spot me bro while I lift."
"Just a picture of a baby puffer fish..."
"Adorable fish"
"Chinese Torture Device [FIXED]"
"I like horse show racing."
"And the winner is... o_O"
"Makes my day better everytime."
"How I feel browsing through r/amIugly"
"i was looking for a picture that said 'the internet makes me happy' on google images... this is what I found."
"This guy came out wrong"
"Yet another nightmare I'll be having  all thanks to photoshop"
"My favorite faceswap"
"Face-swap?"
"Best face swap ever"
"Best face swap ever"
"When you gotta go  you gotta go"
"Splash Mountain 2008!"
"The walking stick insects of Ball's Pyramid. These insects most commonly hav......Wow.. Check out that dudes eyebrows... Jesus."
"Not for the squeamish"
"How I feel when someone makes a [FIXED] version of my post... [FIXED]"
"The Hamburglar Strikes!"
"The kid equivalent of doing shots"
"Nostalgia Trip: Do they still sell/make these?"
"Is your mouth dry?"
"Surefire cure for dry mouth"
"Baby Bat Yawning {fixed}"
"This bat rocks."
"Everything these guys touch platinumize"
"What do you think we are created for?"
"Best Candid Photo Since &quot;Sailor Kissing Nurse&quot;"
"His face is priceless"
"Oh you don't say"
"Googled Crazy Nicolas Cage"
"WOW...dust storm in Phoenix..."
"This was taken from my balcony shortly before the dust wall swallowed downtown Phoenix."
"A shot of the Arizona dust storm this year."
"Have you ever seen anything like it?"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ \_/"
"My favorite actors in six of my favorite TV shows  all pictured together."
"The ultimate dinner party..."
"Shoping cat"
"Cat Grocery Shopping"
"What could possibly be cuter than a kitten pushing a younger kitten in a shopping cart?"
"Wilt Chamberlain  Arnie  and Andre the Giant"
"Meanwhile.. in Philippines"
"Just in case you forgot..."
"Density of various liquids"
"Felling a giant  1915ish"
"Just thought this belonged here...."
"Yet another theory..."
"The creationist version of of dinosaurs went extinct."
"Another Theory"
"Like a BOSS!!"
"How to prepare for a friday night"
"Immediately after shaving off my beard to see how I look."
"When I learned that 'starring' friends on Facebook gives you a notification for almost everything they do."
"Will Arnett's feelings about his marriage"
"what"
"what"
"what"
"But fart just one time..."
"Found this  I'm I do t know if any story can explain"
"The doctor has bad news."
"Whoa! X-ray picture  not sure if funny?"
"I can't even describe how adorable this is"
"Puppy dog"
"HNNNNNNG!"
"Most girls reactions when they see shit like this."
"What's the best way to milk a sheep?"
"How to milk a sheep"
"When a girl walks in with a itty bitty waist..."
"He was serious(FB)"
"&quot;Make it 52&quot;."
"Ninth up  third from the left. That's where!"
"MFW my uncle tried to explain to me that the Sun revolves around the Earth. Yup  you read that correctly."
"&quot;Did you get it wet?&quot; When trying to exchange my cell phone that I dropped in the toilet."
"Well what else could it be?"
"A+ kid  A+"
"At least its anatomically correct... [SFW]"
"So good you'll kick your grandmother"
"Take that grandma ]"
"Eating food at a true [10]"
"When someone proceeds to tell me a story i just know is complete and utter bullshit..."
"Life...sometimes we are just along for the ride."
"When I shave my pubes"
"How I feel after deleting my first reddit account and not having my name in my new one!"
"The best thing about the iPhone 5"
"Boyfriend and I just got a California king sized bed..."
"My junk when wearing boxer briefs after being a tighty whitey guy my whole life"
"Waiting for your turn when you and your brother shared an N64"
"Who the fuck cares what people who don't use Reddit think about Reddit?"
"Happy Busey to All!"
"Shark swimming in the streets after Hurricane Irene hit Puerto Rico"
"Walter Flanders"
"Ned Flanders IS the Danger - Ned as Walter White"
"Awkward"
"Awkward"
"I thought this was funny. Then I saw his shirt..."
"that awkward moment..."
"hawkward"
"What it's like when a girl logs onto pof..."
"Wall sockets across the globe"
"What the &quot;Dirty&quot; guy said."
"I wonder who is going to win this race"
"Life is like a box of chocolates..."
"This arrogant son of a bitch  doesn't he realize there's a man in need?"
"Happy day after Thanksgiving!"
"pooooooop"
"I can see your not much of an adelephan but I'm still &quot;Rollin in the deep&quot;"
"Holy crap man  are you crazy?!?!"
"How many can you recognize? I looked at this for at least a half hour."
"If you insist..."
"A new way of paying at Tesco!"
"I don't think I want to..."
"Ian McKellen in Lord of the Rings (2001)"
"Wizard cool (Xpost r/Moviesinthemaking)"
"..and that is ladies and gentlemen  how the first Girronkey was made."
"Lets get to the point: what zoo keeps giraffes and donkeys in the same pen?"
"They would have an interesting child..."
"Nom nom nom."
"hi"
"Self-abuse"
"stop hitting yourself (Angel)"
"Tacked this to a board in my school's chapel."
"Oh  glorious zebra butt.."
"Tell Me"
"Angry panda"
"Because fuck you! That's why!"
"Do somethin'!"
"Why I hate grocery shopping"
"More Please"
"Me visiting my Grandmother's"
"Me at my Grandmother's"
"When Bill Nye and NDT surf the net"
"Nerdgasm"
"I didn't take them for Mac users. What do you think they're doing?"
"Oh my  too scary!"
"diglett in google images"
"Diglett"
"Warming up"
"He just keeps on pumpin!"
"NO!"
"The power I feel downvoting in /r/new"
"God damn it  Leroy!"
"The original Ronald McDonald clown...."
"Fonzie  Then and Now."
"Fonzie Then/Now"
"Some things never change"
"Cheesus Christ!"
"Snow forts and Sponge Bob  the 2 greatest things."
"I don't like cheerleaders anymore.."
"Sometimes Wendy just didn't feel her freshest. (NSFW)"
"White clothing is never a good idea."
"When I read that Colby had finally stood up for himself..."
"Sweet Escape!"
"freedom!"
"Stand your ground"
"Fuckin' eagles  man"
"flying high"
"Danger zone!"
"They said I could become anything"
"They said I can be anything  so I became a jet"
"Can I sleep yet?"
"Every freaking night"
"It's almost that time of year again"
"C&amp;H"
"My favorite ASP comics"
"It's the hat."
"How I feel when texting a girl I like"
"Anon easily won a desktop thread with this"
"How I felt when her pregnancy test came back positive"
"When i find my crush is bisexual"
"When I find out my girlfriend is bisexual"
"Tried fried chicken and waffles for the first time today..."
"How fights get started"
"Wait for me guys!"
"NOM NOM NOM PUPPY CHOW"
"So i went on a date with a girl I really like..."
"Old  but it cracks me up everytime."
"The RollerBLARGHLARGHLARGHing Raptor"
"When i try to do parkour"
"Still one of the best posters for a movie that I've ever seen."
"Anime debate"
"We've got a winner here."
"Behind the scenes"
"Found this on my FB.."
"The only time when Karma is bad"
"The greatest feeling ever."
"AWW YEAH! (Pandemic 2)"
"So this must be what hitting the lottery feels like..."
"No pressure..."
"FUCK YES!!"
"It stops for no man"
"The little cart that could"
"You WILL upvote."
"My toad has unique pupils. The vet says nothing is unusual  and I should suspect nothing."
"How I feel when seeing someone fail"
"When I see a successful post go from /r/new to frontpage and not comment on it"
"Best corgi gif ever"
"Happy Corgi is Happy"
"How i feel after doubling my link karma today."
"How I felt when I heard that Testament is releasing a new album on the 31st"
"How I felt when the UPS guy finally walked up to my door with the package I've been waiting all week for."
"Got a raise today after 3 years of working the same job plus a bonus!"
"This was the first game I ever bought with my own money."
"Drinking Vodka"
"FML"
"I would hate working in tech support."
"How I feel running in to an ex [fixed]"
"How I feel about seeing r/gonewild posts immediately after I just fapped."
"Lunch"
"Yeah  i'll just open reddit for a bit and then get back to work"
"Y2J?"
"Endless..."
"Let's travel in time and space."
"Friday- Snake Party"
"Wildest party of them all"
"Snug as a bug in a rug!"
"Understandable."
"Playing some would you rather  when..."
"Sex is sex..."
"Most offensive question to the Internet ever"
"Goooo reddit!!"
"This is the toughest decision of my life.... Ill let reddit decide."
"Something needs to be done about this..."
"Well obviously.."
"What are those stains on the floor"
"The autumn leaves were turning to the colour of her hair."
"Browsing Reddit is Hard Work"
"What I do when I'm alone"
"How great I feel when I get 10 or more upvotes"
"It's Friday! You know what that means?"
"It's that time of year again"
"Flu Season is here once more"
"Keylock [gif]"
"Cats don't give a shit about physics. [GIF]"
"Metal as Fuck"
"You're telling me I'm not front page material? Well then.."
"BOOOOOSSSHHHHH"
"Bad-ass"
"He's the hero this city needs..."
"Frogman on Frogman violence [GIF]"
"I FUCKING LOVE STRAWBERRY'S!!"
"The good ol' days . . ."
"It never fails to make me laugh."
"Grab a cactus"
"CACTUS"
"Pretty much my solution for all of life's problems..."
"No time to explain"
"Team Assassins"
"A little creepy..."
"Every time my phone's email alert goes off as a recent graduate job hunting."
"Anyone care to tell me what on earth is going on here?"
"The Founding of our Nation (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"Seems legit"
"Remember the guy that made the Pig origami to pay his Ticket? They made him unfold them!"
"This kid TOTALLY deserved to get wacked!"
"Don't hit animals."
"You go kitty! I thought childfree would enjoy this short scene. (x-post from funny)"
"Bellsprout's sexy and he knows it"
"Sexy and I know it."
"Saw this GIF yesterday. Thought it was missing something"
"Dat Violet City Vibe."
"Scientists"
"As an atheist  this is my kind of last supper."
"That's a last supper I'd go to."
"Last supper ft science"
"The only last supper I would attend"
"the last supper"
"Brrrrrr... so cold..."
"Channel 4: Leaders in thought provoking debate."
"Best headline ever?"
"Pure Bliss"
"Three science geniuses  one room. (Not sure of original source)"
"Science Patrol"
"Bill Nye"
"A Bird's Life"
"Lost my shit at a [6]"
"Aw yiss"
"[Q]Does anyone have a larger picture of this? I'd like to make a shirt"
"Bread Crumbs"
"Oh Steve.."
"Steve Jobs giving the finger to IBM"
"When christians start telling me about how god has spoken to them."
"When my girlfriend tries to start an argument with me."
"When I see that the serving size for Oreos is three cookies."
"When Christians tell me I'm going to hell."
"When &quot;My Girlfriend&quot; is Used in Titles"
"Whenever someone who doesn't believe LGBT people should have equal rights tells me they have gay friends..."
"Me whenever someone tells me Macs are better than PCs"
"How I feel reading suggested serving sizes."
"Nothing much... just missed her"
"When a professor says &quot;This isn't on the test  but you should learn it anyway&quot;"
"To the girls that call themselves 'Shy' on GoneWild..."
"I &quot;accidentally&quot; asked a girl I like over to play Xbox..."
"Whenever I see a pizza place on the west coast that claims to have &quot;New York Style Pizza.&quot;"
"Smarter..."
"Forget Elephants...this subreddit needs more Pandas!"
"Softball pitcher"
"Dat Wind-up"
"Wait for it..."
"Scariest clown to walk the face of the earth..."
"what? what? what? what? what? what? what? what? what?"
"Mine! Mine! Mine! Mine!"
"How I feel tonight after asking a girl out successfully for the first time."
"Just got into grad school"
"My exact reaction to finally getting a job in my field after 6 months of searching."
"My reaction after getting my first upvote."
"How I feel when I get 250 karma in 2 days"
"Air drumming the drum solo in The End by Beatles perfectly."
"when I found out that my internet had been upgraded"
"When I found out Reddit AND Imgur were unblocked at the school i'm transferring to"
"Lat night I poked a hot girl on Facebook. Today... she poked me back."
"The moment you realise you're getting laid tonight."
"Can someone help me find the video context the YEAH! FUCK YEAH! came from?"
"When I heard Justin Bieber might have cancer"
"Holy Shit!"
"i dare you to blink."
"Look at this and try not to flinch."
"WTF eye + bee/wasp"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"mythbusters . . . WTF"
"Like father like son"
"Still my favourite wallpaper"
"I love my desktop..."
"F**K You! I am an Anteater!"
"Rappers as kids. Is it just me or does Eminem look like a future serial killer?"
"Laughed way to hard at this!"
"Please stop."
"I hope this comes instead of duckface"
"Found it in r/pics  but it belongs here... a worthy Duckface replacement!"
"Jenni gets all the guys"
"This describes my week perfectly"
"Lets not kid ourselves"
"Now that it's Friday  I'm sure this is how the week is gonna finish."
"Focus"
"Batman visits the Joker"
"Lol So Hard"
"I heard you like mudkips."
"Thought r/aww needed some more Axolotl"
"how dogs should catch snow [gif]"
"Really cute...and pretty impressive too."
"Look what I can do!"
"I'll always think of this when plugging something into an outlet."
"This pretty much sums up how I responded to most tests in middle school."
"A+ for creativity"
"Fail... A+ for Creativity"
"F. But A+ for creativity."
"My friends test in summer school.."
"David Dang is a test-taking Genius!"
"A+ for creativity."
"Genius."
"Technically not wrong I suppose"
"Pre-test at ASU  from Facebook"
"Popped up on my FB news feed. Very clever  I do applaud.."
"&quot;A+ For Creativity&quot; - I Suppose He's Not Wrong!"
"Creative answers"
"I don't really understand why people are finding this funny..."
"What I Did Yesterday When My Ex Knocked On My Door Uninvited."
"Soon"
"A classic that still makes me laugh"
"You would look to this in a fight over Xbox live"
"Dis is mine."
"Lil' Wayne"
"I'm opening my eyes now.."
"this will always be my favorite .gif"
"Optical Illusion in Paris"
"Chocolate Cockatoo"
"This bird man....this bird knows whats good...LOL"
"CHOCOLATE  YES!!!"
"Mr Cockatoo  that's not how you do it."
"How I feel receiving a cascade of Upvotes for a good post."
"The more I watch it  the more I laugh."
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Dogs are retarded"
"Let me join you"
"Karma Chameleon! (probably for the millionth time)"
"A picture is worth a thousand colors"
"What  you can still see me?"
"Mr. Lizard [High Resolution]"
"I enjoyed this."
"I see you got a thuc life there swagrid"
"Swagrid"
"George Carlin knew what he was talking about"
"George Carlin"
"It's all about the invisible man in the sky... (x-post from r/wallpapers)"
"Evolution man"
"If you miss WTFs roots raise your hand"
"Shredded"
"Juicy finger paste"
"yo bro  what are you lookin' at?"
"Hey man  check out that ass... ABORT ABORT ABORT"
"Black guys face=priceless"
"Math...NOOOOOOO!!!"
"As an engineering student  I have this problem."
"&quot;You don't believe in God?&quot;"
"The Devil does some weird shit."
"That's one way to make a profit..."
"Levitation cat"
"It's a bird  it's a plane  no it's cat bullet"
"Young Stephen Colbert anyone?"
"Introducing... Younger Colbert"
"A young Stephen Colbert"
"Family resemblance."
"It makes so much sense [TMNT]"
"Photoshop ruins my life. (x-post /r/funny)"
"So this came up on my newsfeed. Seems legit"
"Ice-T been working out"
"Such a rough day..."
"Those damn penguins!"
"Costume Win! This kid is awesome!"
"This kids parents built a Halloween costume around his wheelchair  parenting done right."
"This is me  each and every year  for the first month or two."
"Some more black humor for reddit today"
"Defacing US currency in an Apocalyptic future"
"A Wild Pacman!!"
"Pac-Man IRL"
"Blackmesasource launch as a European"
"I think im too lazy"
"Crawl through the hood."
"The Beatles - Abby Road GIF"
"Abbey Road Animated Beatles GIF. Dig Ringo's strut."
"The greatest GIF ever"
"Abbey Road"
"Silly Walks Abbey Road"
"everytime a waitress asks me if pepsi is ok after i asked for a coke."
"My reaction after seeing a girl I know in /r/gonewild and then realizing the account was deleted."
"My reaction to /r/spacedicks. I made it past the second page"
"I posted my best joke on a throw-away account"
"My reaction as a Brit watching the Olympic opening ceremony unfold."
"The range of emotions I felt when Reddit was down"
"how I feel after missing my first cake day yesterday"
"When I see rocks and minerals making it it the front page again"
"My wife asked me if I want to go shopping with her and her sisters on Black Friday"
"My reaction when I heard Twinkies were going out of business"
"Upon finding out Hostess is possibly closing down. No more Twinkies  Oatmeal Cream Pies"
"My immediate reaction when I learned about Hostess closing down"
"When my dad used to try and give me the *sex talk*."
"My face when I heard Hostess was going out of business"
"Missing my cakeday by 4 days..."
"Mine does"
"It's Friday !"
"This is going to be me tonight on St. Patrick's Day"
"the day I found out I can unsubscribe to /r/atheism"
"Don Diego de la Vega"
"To victory  my noble steed!"
"Run  Mr Pig! They want to turn you into bacon!"
"He wants to be a race horse."
"How I feel after getting my braces taken off after 7 years."
"As someone with a fear of sharks  this makes me feel better."
"Sharks are less scary when they have fake teeth"
"Shark with human teeth... Don't know any better way to explain it really.."
"Say Cheese!"
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"Dali Didn't Give A Fuck"
"Salvador Dali had an anteater"
"Salvador Dali walking his anteater"
"Winnie the Pooh being the polite sir that he is"
"Snake Lady"
"HOW IN THE HELL????"
"La la la la MOVE!!!!!"
"Its my turn to sing  bitch!"
"Are we human  or are we dancer?"
"Mantis got a new ride"
"You know a cat likes you when it does this."
"When the Metra conductor comes by and doesn't punch my 10 ride"
"When my waiter forgets to add some drinks I ordered on to the bill"
"C'mon dude!"
"Where's the Frisbee [repost?]"
"&quot;I mean  it's just... GONE  Bro!&quot;"
"What do you mean?"
"It was a damn fine one too.."
"Best TF2 Soldier Cosplay"
"So much winning"
"Maybe I should buy a boat first."
"Not sure if cute or creepy"
"Sorry to intrude  good sir  but it's time for my walk."
"Who wants to buy a face?"
"Look What's On-Sale at the Butchers"
"Looks like I'm having some cranial fillets for dinner"
"Why Mickey D's  when did you start carrying these?"
"RIP Hostess"
"R.I.P. you spongy delicious badtards."
"Never Forget....."
"Who didn't hate this guy ?"
"How to celebrate columbus day"
"Slut"
"What I looked like when Gangam Styler Cam on at m School Dance"
"So  A Deer Walked Into A Bar..."
"When the Sarah McLachlan animal cruelty commercial comes on"
"How I feel when im late for class."
"A freshman when the cops pull up outside"
"When I realize my cakeday is here and I need to find something"
"This sign is in Delhi. The product's name is Blow."
"Short week and already Friday?"
"Waiting for someone to get my joke"
"When I see the UPS truck stop in front of my house."
"When I ask someone to watch a YouTube video I think is funny"
"This magnificent bastard."
"Whenever I drink tequila at the bars"
"When you're at work on Friday and see that it's almost 4 PM..."
"as a linux user seeing linux mentioned in a non-linux subreddit...linux"
"One hour after work on Friday"
"When my post gets 3 upvotes and no downvotes"
"Imgur"
"Baby Koala"
"Nothin' to see here  folks. Just the cutest baby Koala you've ever seen."
"Baby Koala"
"A friend of mine posted this on Facebook  i think it deserves more attention [six hours worth of stippling]"
"Six hours worth of making dots on a piece of paper"
"Just another redditor"
"He would win by a landslide on Reddit"
"He has my vote."
"Now this is someone I would vote for!"
"There aren't many scalybeasts on /r/aww but these newborn twin crocs are damn cute"
"Fits so beautifully"
"Always thought this fit the best."
"I'm Gonna Get you Sucka!"
"DON'T CALL IT A REPOST!"
"Get Down."
"Funky"
"Pimpin' ain't easy  but I make it look good"
"Fist thing that came to mind when I saw this gif"
"Swag"
"P I M P"
"Because.."
"Great for hunting water."
"Sweet Bacon Jesus."
"Whopper With 1050 Bacon Strips"
"Just in case you're wondering  yes  this is a Burger King burger with 1050 strips of bacon eaten by a man named Mr. Sato."
"Waiting for gif of reddit alien beating up Woody Harrelson"
"How r/IAmA must feel after Terry Crews  Obama  and Nick Offerman within a week"
"When an OP answers my question in an AMA"
"How I feel as a 31 year old on Reddit."
"How I feel about most political discussions on reddit"
"Sorry Clint  Simpsons already did it."
"I knew that sounded familiar..."
"The Simpsons predicted the 2012 RNC in 2002"
"Old Man Yells at Chair"
"Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"Clint Eastwood at the Republican National Convention"
"After watching Clint Eastwood the other night."
"Highlights from the RNC."
"This pretty much sums it up."
"Old Man Yells At Chair"
"WTF were they thinking!"
"Sounds about right clint eastwood"
"Grampa Clint"
"today's newspaper no matter where you live"
"Recap of Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"Clint Eastwood RNC speech... Simpsons did it!"
"Clint Eastwood last night."
"Sun Cat"
"Ever have one of &quot;those&quot; days?"
"I could watch this all day - Beat that little shit!"
"tyrion smack"
"I can enjoy this scene all day along."
"Imp hand strong"
"Fuck  there isn't a gif in the world that makes you feel better then this one."
"TIL Bill Clinton used to have a beard."
"Bill and Hillary Clinton...as hipsters"
"I NEED the video of this gif.."
"Let me get that Tupac fade"
"Let me get that tupac fade"
"Tupac Haircut"
"Thug Life"
"This little piggy..."
"Allan in Saints Row"
"Ten years ago..."
"This is actually really true."
":3"
"Our Savior has come"
"My friend learned how to fly on a broom today."
"Bear Plunge!"
"I think I found a witch"
"The Diapernator"
"I has feets."
"Dodgeball - Like a boss."
"Dodgeball King"
"The Matrix: Dodgeball Style"
"THIS IS SPARTAAA"
"Just a picture of a basset hound running."
"Don't trip  don't trip  don't trip!"
"Everybody knows this guy"
"Kitty..Kitty.....Wakeuuupp!...it's 11 am"
"When im trying to wake up a friend who slept over because i have to leave for work."
"Looking for the best Halloween costume of 2012?"
"And costume of the year goes to..."
"Ecce Homer"
"Who needs pepper when you have Doritos?"
"Make everything taste awesome."
"I can't stop thinking about how many meals I've wasted."
"Doritos seasoning? I'll allow it."
"Saw this on Doritos Facebook Page"
"Arthur offers legendary advice."
"I hope this isn't a repost"
"this guy deserves a medal..."
"&quot;Herschel  life is not fun. Life is serious. Seltzer is for drinking  not for spraying. Pie is for noshing  not for throwing.&quot;"
"Me flirting with any girl at a bar."
"I almost forgot  It's NO SHAVE NOVEMBER! Stay Classy Gentlemen!!!!!"
"A yawning baby sloth."
"*Overused title concerning amount of fucks given*"
"Nice Balls. (SFW)"
"Maturity"
"The climb of maturity"
"The maturity climb."
"The Maturity Climb - Everyone needs to take a long look at this."
"Superheros."
"The most dangerous people on the planet."
"A collection of bad ass motherf***ers."
"Meet the team..."
"Radical Larry... Vibrating through walls since 1917."
"Can you recognize this man?"
"Black Cat Tongue"
"Me when I am drinking sparingly"
"That hole needs to be filled"
"When some one asks me my religion..."
"Took me a minute to figure out the name of this magazine"
"Orbit"
"An oddity"
"The chain of events unfolds"
"Suicide ring"
"i think its a great idea"
"great idea"
"that's a good idea"
"Suddenly... Stage fright."
"Ah-Choo!"
"AHHH-CHOOOOOO!!!"
"Shit happens"
"Well that's never happened before..."
"well shit"
"WTF"
"Bless you? o.O"
"I don't even know..."
"Ah ah ah Choo! Aw shiiit"
"Best anti rape mechanic when picking up the soap NSFW"
"Achoo NSFW"
"Gesundheit"
"AWWWW Chooo"
"So  you like looking at my ass ? Check this out ."
"She loves me. I can see it her eyes."
"Sir Ian Mckellen"
"Lord of the gangnam style."
"GANDALF STYLE"
"I was walking through my high schools hallways during an assembly and this was all i could think of"
"I just reformatted my computer for the first time in like 6 months... This is what it feels like"
"When I hook up a second monitor to my computer"
"For Science!"
"what. the. actual. fuck?"
"A precious kitty to share with you on my cake-day"
"Permpkern Sperce"
"ERMAGERD FERLL"
"Oh Starbucks"
"My local Sterbercks"
"Such a manly drawing"
"Release the kraken..."
"Every mariner's worst nightmare"
"well.......[7]"
"How i feel after i just aced a test"
"If only women really did this."
"i want this to happen to me"
"How it feels nailing an interview..."
"Sex on the go"
"Sex on the go [X-POST from r/gifs]"
"I DONT GIVE A"
"This girl is why we lock our men in the house"
"emasculation"
"No comment."
"Don't Tickle Me! challenge accepted..."
"Wha  wha  what  aw mannn"
"Realizing what you did last night after a night of drinking"
"Dem Ears"
"Hello nightmares!"
"[NSFW] Holoprosencephaly  a disorder in which a single gene during brain development fails to activate  resulting in facial crossover."
"HAAAIII-YAAAHHH!!"
"I instantly regret this decision!"
"I'd really like to know what was going on when this picture was taken."
"Am I turning into Taylor Swift?"
"Ax Vs. Axe"
"Social Awkward Penguin goes in for a snack"
"Social Awkward Penguin goes in for a snack [x-post r/gifs]"
"When a girl gives me a highfive"
"Actual Awkward Penguin"
"The best homer quote."
"The best Homer quote"
"Marge?!"
"The perfect baby shower gift."
"Hahahahahahaha  oh jello."
"Get jiggy with it"
"Don't be jelly."
"And now you know  and knowing is half the battle!!!"
"Poor girl."
"On the irony of Muslims protesting violently"
"My preorder of Borderlands 2 was shipped to my billing address  won't get it for another month; this is how I feel"
"The most comfortable place in the house"
"Damn cat..."
"One of the ugliest/cutest animals everr!"
"baby hedgehog"
"My nightmare!"
"Grandma rides bike"
"What are you telling me google!?"
"I wonder what this word means..."
"I'm voting for Mott Romnoy"
"The end of all hope"
"The ultimate money shot (SFW)"
"Grammar nazis...."
"what an asshole!"
"Nice ass!"
"Caption Contest! Winner gets a free upvote"
"DAT ASS"
"What Facebook is usually like.."
"Great pic of the skull before it loses it's baby teeth"
"DOUBLE KO"
"An unlikely meetup: Alice Cooper and Colonel Sanders"
"Southpark - Anon"
"I recently started to browse /new . This is what I've become. [fixed]"
"Whenever I stumble on a thread where the OP has been called out for falsifying the title of the post."
"Just saw my boss yelling at the coworker we hate. The coworker had the audacity to talk back."
"Heard you like updates..."
"Hilary Cage Unleashed"
"The most arousing image you will see this year [SFW]"
"Seeing that I only had an hour left to attempt to harvest Karma for my cakeday  I turned to Google to find out how. Here is the result."
"No you are mistaken  I most certainly am not moist."
"I on the other hand am not..."
"I dropped my wedding ring in the lake. This is how I felt when I found it."
"Whenever I find an onion ring in my order of fries"
"Man hit by train!"
"Man gets hit by train"
"And that's why you don't play on the train tracks  kids."
"Man gets hit by a train"
"A man getting hit by a train"
"Thomas?"
"Spongebob and friends (x-post from altart)"
"Dude... What..."
"How I feel today on my real life birthday."
"Every birthday after 18"
"We Built It!"
"McKayla &amp; Spock are not impressed by the debt we built."
"The perfect picture. They're oblivious to the irony."
"The GOP finally starts getting their facts right"
"College Essentials"
"Back to School Supplies"
"Who lives in a pineapple under the... OH DEAR GOD!"
"Who lives in a pineapple under the... OH DEAR GOD!"
"Anyone else remember these wonderful elixirs?"
"The Period Table of (British) Swearing"
"Jim Henson chatting with Kermit- The Muppet Movie"
"Inspecting mirrors"
"Water Dog"
"One of the coolest bedrooms I've ever seen."
"Not a gif. Very Trippy"
"Very strong optical illusion."
"Getting a New Monitor"
"I made an posted that GIF a year ago. ;/"
"Thanks to you guys - whenever someone on facebook posts something funny"
"Praise the Lord! Miracle in the alcohol aisle..."
"Castle Illusion"
"Stare at the black dot"
"Epic Eye Trick. (Gif)"
"How to play Scout.gif"
"Say some &quot;gangster&quot; is dissin' your &quot;fly girl&quot;. You just give 'em one of these:"
"Respect (fixed)"
"This child don't appreciate the gorillas dance"
"On a whim  these synced up perfectly... I'm not sure what I'm doing with my life"
"If you kill the world  where will you live.."
"A Powerful Image."
"As a Redditor over 30  this is how I feel every time I run into a Pokemon lovefest post"
"Complaint jar"
"It pains me how much I relate to this..."
"Breakfast Sunrise..."
"Sunrise for breakfast"
"How it feels to finish Masters Degree!!!!"
"My personal favorite gif."
"'merica [fixed]"
"The Safety Dance"
"Safety Dance"
"The most badass dance ever..."
"How to kill time doing Explosive Ordinance Disposal"
"Figured this would go well in /r/atheism"
"When a hot girl starts talking to me  now that I'm engaged..."
"I've never met you  and you want to do that cheek kiss thing? No."
"Just a ballpoint pen..."
"The &quot;Z-Machine&quot; at Sandia National Laboratories  Albuquerque  New Mexico [no  this is not photoshop]"
"Too easy"
"Cast"
"Bet that tickles. NSFW"
"explanation of black holes"
"Perpetual Cat Device"
"Can't stop watching this"
"Hitler niglet"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Cage"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Cage"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Cage"
"I just miss him."
"zalgo hates mondays"
"How reddit feels after they heard about SOPA today."
"This guy doesn't seem to think that soccer is boring to watch"
"How I feel getting a peice of code to work after struggling with it for hours"
"ok  SHE asked for my number. SHE did"
"4/20 on a Friday this year???"
"That Feeling When Your Only Friday Class Gets Canceled"
"My reaction in the theater  at The Avengers premiere  when during The Dark Knight Rises trailer i see that it actually comes out on my birthday"
"After not studying for a final and the exam is actually easy"
"Your reaction when your post is getting upvotes"
"I was finally able to pull up imgur at work today"
"When I find out the girl I like is going to the same place my friends and I are."
"This gif was posted earlier today...but it completely describes how I felt hitting 1000 comment karma."
"when i saw the comments in the halloween costume thread"
"When the power goes out in class  and my teacher says there will be a early dismissal."
"Reddit  I made a picture for you guys."
"Kind-of Makes Sense"
"There can be only one (synchronized swimmer)"
"Hey  let's hear it for Target too!"
"One of the many reasons I love Target"
"oh."
"HEEEEEEEY SEXY BATMAN!!!"
"Lightning  Oklahoma"
"Lonely road in Oklahoma"
"How it felt to have a Nor'easter right after a hurricane."
"What the... I don't even..."
"is this WTF worthy?"
"A Redditor's life coach"
"When my Mom told my new girlfriend how much she loved my ex !!"
"When the theme to my high school graduation was #YOLO..."
"When my roommate invites my ex over to our house."
"Clicking on my ex's FB page late at night"
"When someone purposely starts an argument about religion"
"Every time I get a chuckle from this."
"WHEN THAT ONE KID REMINDS THE TEACHER WE HAVE HOMEWORK"
"Watching my friend do calculus homework"
"Whenever I see my post getting downvoted."
"My three pound chihuahua wearing a sombrero and enjoying life."
"Such a Fabulous dog"
"For my cakeday  here's a picture of hurricane sandy that the media doesn't want you to see."
"Two dogs carrying a present"
"The Dog Costume of The Year!"
"Mission Accomplished"
"Derp"
"exercise ball &gt; horse"
"Im on a ball"
"The sole reason why I only go to the gym after 11 pm."
"Everytime I try to use a yoga ball seriously"
"Every time I try to reach the front page"
"How my first kiss went"
"And now we dance"
"Thriller Kitty"
"Nintendo facts"
"Cats can surfboard?"
"Dun dun dun dun  dun dun dun"
"Not today  dog!"
"Just trying out navigation in iOS 6..."
"Cracked iPhone problem solved"
"SuperCat"
"I CAN FLY! Nope."
"This gif turns my =( into =D"
"Bad idea..."
"i laughed so hard"
"supercat"
"NSFCat"
"Trying to get to the front page"
"Can't a guy just get his handsome on?"
"Mind fuck"
"The funniest David Hasslehoff gif you will ever see."
"I'm so ANGRUGH!"
"world champ"
"world champ"
"Proof of Intelligent Design"
"One of my favorite dog costumes"
"Costume award goes tooooooo"
"What in the fuck"
"Wanted to go as a Cowboy on Halloween  but then saw these costumes..."
"Where is this at? Wow!"
"Scootaloo regrets nothing."
"As a foreigner I ate at Taco Bell for the first time."
"How I feel after being banned from the OMM facebook page"
"Over the last year I have grown lazy  anti-social  unproductive  desensitized  and developed a very crude/unusual sense of humor all because of this website."
"I feel as though this is better than the previous posts of this .gif."
"The end of the world  and my last year was spent on Reddit."
"Whore's got to eat too. Thing is they usually have decent covers: http://www.wheretraveler.com/classic/archive.html"
"Get a load of this!"
"Get a load of this!"
"Photobomb level: Farm Animal"
"Scumbag Cow - Hey horse need help? Quick  take a picture!"
"He's stuck in the fence! Hold on let me get in this..."
"This time of the year again"
"This time of the year again"
"Efficiency?"
"What I imagine the trains will be like during the London Olympics:"
"A nice pic from Deamau5's last show."
"How I feel driving an automatic  after driving a stick shift for a really long time.."
"My first cadaver dissection lab when my group were using all the utensils"
"When my nails look great  but all the pictures I take make my hands look like prehistoric claws."
"Everytime I get an upvote"
"How I feel when someone I introduced to Reddit hits the front page..."
"Went to class and found out it was cancelled"
"Which movie or show is this gif from?"
"When a hot girl at a party asks if I want to see her room"
"When something I upvoted made it to the front page"
"When my boyfriend hears a weird sound  then asks me if I farted"
"after unsubscribing from a bunch of subreddits and looking on the front page"
"When my wife tells me it's time to come to the bedroom."
"Princess Leia &amp; Stunt Double Sunbathing on Tatooine While Filming Return of the Jedi"
"Carrie Fisher and her stunt double in Tunisia  catching some sun in-between takes  both wearing &quot;the bikini&quot;"
"Move over Mary Jane..."
"Smile!"
"It was a different time."
"Smoking boy  with chicken."
"It was a much simpler time then..."
"Endangering the public? That's a paddlin'"
"Never turn your back on an Angel."
"Mom was worried about my trip to the Mines of Moria  sent her this picture"
"Mom was worried about my trip to the mines of Moria  sent her this picture."
"Mom was worried about my trip to Mordor  I sent her this picture."
"Elrond was worried about my trip to Mt. Doom  so I sent him this photo."
"My mom was worried about moving to Moria  so I sent her this picture."
"Gandalf's mom was worried about him going into the Mines of Moria  so he sent her this."
"Wow I walked right into that one [FB]"
"I think sometimes news organisations forget how old Greece is"
"A true hero."
"Have We Learned Nothing?"
"Award Winning Oysters"
"My thoughts exactly."
"Finally found some Facebook gold!"
"I felt so bad  I couldn't post it..."
"Gas Prices [FB]"
"My friend has a bit of a feud going on with his neighbor (Facebook)"
"Thanks  mom."
"saw this on FB right now"
"They ruined it. Found on Facebook"
"Meme abuse."
"Wrong use of meme and just..fail...."
"I Wouldn't Mind If This Game Was Brought Back"
"Nintendo: please make this game happen on the Wii U!"
"Frisbee fail..."
"SRSLY GUISE"
"Guise! (x-post from 4chan)"
"Most racist thing I've seen today"
"Found this on randomimgur.com. Funny or offensive? whynotboth.jpg?"
"Monopoly Black."
"Black Monopoly"
"This needs to happen"
"Distraught fan"
"me when reddit goes down"
"Sad Movies: Me on the Inside"
"When a NSFW link is no longer available"
"I just realized its my cake day  and I didn't karma whore at all. My reaction"
"How I feel knowing I won't be able to watch the new season when it starts in a month."
"Distraught soccer fan is distraught."
"What the internet has been telling me to do all day"
"1 Cat + 5 Redditors"
"OMG it's so cute"
"I think I'll be visiting the health foods store more often now..."
"I think I'll be visiting the health foods store more often now... (xpost from /pics)"
"Opportunistic Birds…"
"Orca(t) whale"
"The Fiercest Feline in the Sea"
"Because whale cat."
"Mitt Romney's Awkward Slogan"
"My reaction when a radio station plays Adele"
"My reaction when I realize a cool-looking article is hosted on About.com"
"The moment when I looked for the downvote button on a Google image search result"
"When my parents claimed I had a curfew after I turned 18."
"Magnificent boys"
"Me when looking at every Kate Upton gif."
"Sink full of kitties being hypnotized"
"What it feels like when I'm comparing items on AH"
"Neck breaking good time"
"Kittens + yoyo = Dawww"
"How to properly troll your neighbours"
"This guy deserves a medal"
"Gotye LOL"
"Youtube never ceases to amaze me."
"artistic youtube commenter"
"That's not fair."
"Just youtube comments.."
"cats playing ping pong (better soundtrack)."
"WopWopWop CATPONG STYLE"
"I've been watching these cats for 22 minutes and they still haven't missed yet. - Imgur"
":D"
"Sweet Mother of God"
"what karma feels like..."
"When I find a subreddit of one of my favorite things."
"How I feel when I find pizza in the fridge the next morning.."
"How I feel after just one single upvote."
"When I came home to over 2000 karma."
"Never fails to make me laugh."
"Why print media is dying"
"Ermagerd"
"I feel like this is relevant here."
"Walked in on my little cousins..."
"Friend level 99"
"Friend Level 99!"
"Always makes me smile"
"Can anyone give me context for this gif?"
"The Hot Tub Tug Boat"
"UW Coach Calling In The Game Winning Play"
"What I do after putting on flavored lipgloss."
"New creepiness world record holder"
"Seducing my girlfriend"
"Ohhh yeahh."
"i have a glandular problem!"
"This Pretty Much Sums Up How I Feel About Sports."
"Oh that Neil Armstrong!"
"Boba &quot;Disco&quot; Fett"
"I don't give a fuck"
"I don't give a fuck"
"How I feel about Chik-Fil-A"
"just got a D on my final paper but still got a B in the class"
"how I feel on Fridays at 2 o'clock"
"It says it on the box"
"well that's different"
"When my attractive male friend says he's excited to see me when I get back in town."
"Camouflage"
"Wat."
"I just realized its my cake day  soooo heres the funniest picture I've ever found on the interwebz"
"It's.. It's terrifying."
"Well. that's enough internet today."
"abra cadabraa !"
"cant stop laughing."
"Hello  my precious"
"Frozen yogurt? Nope. Chicken McNuggets"
"Can You Guess What McDonald’s Food Item This Is?"
"McDonald's Chicken"
"Mcdonalds has been putting this mix of meat scrap paste and ammonium hydroxide in their burgers until they stopped in August 2011? Ahhhhhhhhh"
"Why  hello there."
"Cage divers are confronted by a great white shark."
"Two divers decide to confront a great white without a cage"
"Piano man"
"The cat found the puppy's cone again..."
"I swear I´ll stop!"
"Cutest lamp you ever saw"
"This my friend's very unfortunate cat"
"help?"
"Halp"
"Oh the humiliation!"
"A Gallant Quest."
"Patrick rides north."
"Patrick going for a ride"
"Patrick travels to Camelot"
"Patrick: Ride Pony"
"Patrick goes for a different kind of ride..."
"Patrick riding through town."
"Riding off into the sunset..."
"I saw this gif  and my mind wandered to my Orchestra music. Then this."
"Just like Gene and Roy"
"Patrick's having a wonderful time"
"I'm salivating don't know about you guys."
"How I feel telling people that I consistently make it to the front page of small subreddits"
"My Face when My girlfriend said I had a big penis (SFW)"
"Breaking it to friends about my reddit karma..."
"I've seen a lot of stupid shit on my facebook feed  but this takes the cake."
"It's shit like this  people on Facebook!"
"My god  these fb &quot;like or else&quot; pictures are getting kind of out of hand.."
"Sorry Granny  but I don't negotiate with terrorists."
"It's shit like this  Facebook"
"Facebook is playing hardball now..."
"Saw this on Facebook"
"What the fuck is facebook coming to these days?"
"Ignore if you want grandma to die (Facebook)"
"Is this what facebook has come to...?"
"I don't really mind these &quot;like and share&quot; photos  but this  this is just wrong..."
"well I never really liked grandma anyway..."
"The dumbest thing I've seen on facebook"
"Come on  FB... these are getting really annoying..."
"Which Grandma? I have four  and I like some more than others..."
"Well shit..."
"Saw this on Facebook.. WTF?"
"Found on my newsfeed.. These guys are really playing hard ball."
"Saw this posted on facebook  wtf?"
"I logged into Facebook  and this was the first thing on my newsfeed ಠ_ಠ"
"I'm getting very annoyed by these kinds of posts on my facebook news feed  but this one is very desperate."
"Facebook funnies"
"No matter how bad reddit gets at least we aren't this"
"Saw this in my fb feed. Really people?"
"Saw this on my feed this morning  WTF"
"Popped up on my newsfeed..."
"Seriously...?"
"Jesus Christ...people are playing hardball on fb these days..."
"Saw this on Facebook..."
"My turn to change a diaper?"
"When my wife is purposely trying to start an argument"
"5:00 On A Friday"
"The first time I stumbled across /spacedicks"
"saw my ex at a party"
"It's like a furry bundle of awwwww-ness."
"Upside down ball of fluffy ^^"
"Cuteness Overload!"
"You know  just taking a little kitty break..."
"would you wanna play with me?"
"me on EVERY picture in r/katebeckinsale"
"Bob Ross"
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe."
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe."
"And we'll just add a little beard over here for effect"
"Bob Ross being painted by a tree."
"Bob Ross being painted by a tree"
"Photoshop potential"
"drifting weightless."
"Big Brother to the rescue"
"My Favorite Gif...Outta Effin' Nowhere"
"Bad Fall at Best Buy"
"Get it together  Tyrone!"
"How I imagine the Reddit Mods look like."
"The moderators of /r/aww"
"Cat's Pajamas"
"Yeah.. We are all going to die!"
"I hope this horrible creature never roams the earth"
"SMASHING!"
"SMASHING"
"BOOM SHAKALAKA!"
"Revolving door ... of death"
"Hitler's self iPhone photo"
"We as Americans need to stand up and stop this reality show crap: From TLC's Honey Boo Boo... what is that little girl on the left licking?"
"Where To Begin..."
"Hello  Mr. Matthews"
"two for each"
"Seems legit..."
"Chinesse Epic Fail"
"Tadaa!"
"Hillary Clinton being a perfect gentleman"
"Hillary Clinton being a perfect gentleman"
"No caption needed"
"Garbage Dancer"
"Garbage Dancer [x-post r/gifs]"
"How I feel when my post doesn't start getting upvotes until over an hour after posting it"
"In 1918  18 000 Iowa National Guard soldiers stood in 105 degree heat to form a human statue of liberty."
"How I feel after my last exam today."
"damn it feels good to be a gangsta"
"No  they don't."
"They don't."
"Poor Dr. Hedgehog."
"Quite the unfortunate name  I'd say"
"Science gives me a..."
"Carlton"
"I installed Reddit Enhancement Suite onto my computer at work today."
"Turn It Up  Carlton"
"Since people often Google random things  I decided to Google &quot;Dog riding a shark with lasers&quot;  not what I was looking for  but I think it'll do."
"This was one of the responses to what I posted yesterday. I think it's better."
"The greatest success in human history!"
"One oreo to rule them all"
"Trying to dance to an upbeat song"
"Party hard!"
"Party harder."
"I missed my r/Birthday by a week. My Real birthday is soon. Please enjoy this picture."
"Kitty"
"He must have been one tough cookie."
"A Snake With Ticks"
"A snake infested with ticks. Stay inside this year."
"Sometimes you start young..."
"Kids Don't Learn"
"What is going on?"
"Rockers' Year Book pics"
"Every Hole"
"Dear jackass roommate with advice on how to get my karma up"
"Hate These Guys..."
"On the bus."
"Public Service Announcement [x-post r/vancouver]"
"this guy"
"I would LOVE to see this made into a movie!"
"Self explanatory"
"Mm  yeah"
"Classic Louis CK"
"Classic Louis CK [FIXED]"
"Was just attacked by a swarm of wasps and all I can think of is..."
"Mothafuckin Wasp"
"This is a WASP! (for old time's sake)"
"This is a wasp"
"This is a wasp."
"THIS is a wasp"
"&quot;/r/pissybattlestations&quot; (xpost from /r/WTF)"
"When I see my sister on r/gonewild"
"People react differently to Gods..."
"I can't wait for winter"
"Snowball Fight"
"Idiot friends"
"Every time I meet an attractive person"
"How I see internet explorer"
"How I feel when I show someone Reddit for the first time."
"I love it!"
"Baby Giraffe."
"Not a kitten  but he's still pretty darn cute."
"The cutest baby giraffe ever!"
"One of the best images I have ever seen on my FB news feed. Love this guy!"
"After ending a 5 year relationship"
"A very broke me looking at my facebook feed filled with friends bragging about their Steam summer sale purchases."
"How feel as an Xbox player  watching everyone participate in the Steam summer sale."
"When I realized my friends went to The Dark Knight Rises without me"
"What it's like reading about Google Fiber from outside the US"
"My face when a repost reaches the front page"
"The Doctor's happy day"
"My reaction to no fap September"
"How I feel trying to get Karma a day after missing my cakeday"
"Just a pic with the BFFs"
"Whenever I play the drums"
"PARTY HARD!"
"Help...I'm surrounded by idiots"
"poor dog"
"Innocent Bystander..."
"How I feel in college"
"How record bosses feel when you pirate their music."
"Mitt Romney's Reaction When He Loses 2012 Presidential Election."
"How record bosses feel when you pirate their music."
"I need quarters for the laundromat in my complex  but all I have is $20's"
"How Mitt Romney will feel after losing the election"
"How Romney would feel after losing to Obama"
"How I feel when guys in my unit complain about being broke 3 weeks after a 1 year deployment."
"my sex life in a nutshell [FIXED]"
"My Sex Life in a Nutshell."
"Patrick star in real life?..."
"Real Life Patrick Star"
"Overly attached Mazda"
"Overly attached sportscar"
"Asian pregnancy test"
"Asian Pregnancy Test"
"Can your grampa do THIS?!"
"First post to GifSound: Combining my two favorite things"
"Soon"
"They're Coming..."
"The face is just priceless"
"Sexually Assaulted Fly"
"Sexually Assaulted Fly (Fixed)"
"Found this on FB.. Why flies want to always be inside"
"Optical Illusion [PIC]"
"Wait a minute... that's not her butt"
"The Relationships and Importance of Questions and Answers."
"I honestly tried  but I couldn't resist. Who could possibly resist this face?"
"Can I have one?"
"D'awwwww"
"I can't stop aww-ing."
"Never a bride"
"my friends wedding photo [FIXED]"
"Ever thought you would see an army of rebels led by a dude dressed as a bride? Well  here you go"
"Mental weightlifting"
"When browsing /r/WTF"
"Shark Tank Breaks at Kuwait Scientific Center"
"Shark tank collapses at the Scientific Center in Kuwait."
"The exit? Just take the escalator down to the NOPE floor and take a left."
"Was going down the escalator when..."
"Collapsed shark tank at Kuwait's Science Center. NOPE!"
"The Collapse of a Shark Tank"
"Collapsed Shark Tank"
"Shark tank collapses in Science Center in Kuwait."
"The collapse of a shark tank at a science center in Kuwait."
"Jaws 7!!!"
"No fucks given. Level: Shark"
"Apparently the shark tank broke at the zoo in my hometown"
"Every time i go to the mall in Australia"
"Shark tank collapses."
"Sharks at the bottom of an escalator after the collapse of a shark tank [fake]"
"The collapse of a shark tank at The Scientific Center in Kuwait..."
"To battle!!!"
"Crab Knights"
"Lord Vader  the walkers have started their attack"
"Ride of the crabs"
"I feel like this one was inevitable"
"TOGETHER  WE CAN RULE THE GALAXY."
"First thing I thought of when I saw this gif."
"For Megan"
"What I feel like when ever I start talking to girls..."
"Waking up on Saturday to go in for a 12 hour shift..."
"I have had enough of this song"
"Camo dog"
"Carpet dog. [pic]"
"Carpet Dog hiding from the mythical Curtain Cat."
"Just a cat."
"Don't hate the player  hate the game. Snowstorm v. BC  Canada"
"Don't hate the player  hate the game. v. snowstorm in BC  Canada xpost"
"+20C / -20C  what's the difference? Only in Canada."
"Found on FB... Only in Canada"
"Welcome to Alberta  where people drive convertibles during blizzards."
"Rage comic rage (2nd)"
"Facebook notification rage"
"Nothing new here..."
"What happened?"
"What do you guys think of this girl I found?"
"Am I doing this right?"
"I could live with this punishment"
"Livin the dream  man"
"I'm off to bed."
"How I feel after a back to back to back committee meeting  exam and research presentation. [PIC]"
"Coming home after failing a final I studied hard for"
"Like a boss."
"How I Feel as a Relatively New PC Gamer"
"When someone insults me on the internet"
"When I see a post on the front page thats not 2 hours old and doesn't have 70 comments yet"
"Float Like a Butterfly."
"Free blowjob anyone?"
"all I want in my life is to fall sleep like this"
"How I imagine my stoner friends are feeling right now"
"This man does not give a f@#k."
"Hipster Level 99"
"Free wifi yes please."
"saw this guy through the window of starbucks   i had to come in and take a pic"
"The jews did this."
"When there's no toilet paper and you already pooped."
"Colombian drug lord's cash stash."
"Why I don't have any friends"
"No Longer Alone"
"Where do babies come from? Let's ask the Japanese..."
"Fallen Princesses by Dina Goldstein"
"Not So Happily Ever After - &quot;Fallen Princesses&quot;"
"Not So Happily Ever After - &quot;Fallen Princesses&quot; (Album)"
"Not So Happily Ever After - &quot;Fallen Princesses&quot; (x-post from /r/movies)"
"How to easily identify a frequent drunk driver"
"How to easily identify a porcupine"
"How to easily identify Michael J. Fox's car"
"cute bunny"
"&quot;Hug?&quot; said the bunny to the lawn mower."
"Cute bunny"
"Your momma's so fat..."
"They used to he called 'jumpolines'."
"Tramp-oline"
"Yes.. YOUR mother."
"If every company made condoms"
"Handsome Josh Romney"
"Handsome Josh"
"Be like Han (repost)"
"Be like Han (repost) (repost)"
"The Most Played Video Game in the World"
"Obi-Wan"
"When my girlfriend tells me about an argument she's having with her mom"
"Oh... today is your cake day? I didn't realize..."
"Bottoms Up"
"Look what I can do!"
"So I've been unemployed for 2 days now..."
"The look on my cat's face after he gets himself shut in the closet"
"This is how feel after just finishing my finals."
"When I (and I imagine a lot of others) emerge from playing Diablo 3:"
"How I feel going on Reddit for the first time in months  due to a broken computer."
"When I saw it was already my cakeday again."
"How I feel after reading every comment in a good AskReddit post"
"After one night on reddit..."
"Just heard that No Doubt and Green Day are putting out new singles and was like..."
"So Many Reposts Today...."
"How I feel when I accidentally fall asleep for three hours and the wake up."
"Me after browsing reddit while on the toilet"
"TO THE FRONT PAGE!....nevermind"
"It's my favorite position."
"Thank you for ordering"
"So my order arrived..."
"I miss this game"
"Had sex last night for the first time in months. If I could sum it up in one gif..."
"Easily the most fucked up scene in Spongebob"
"They'll never forget this moment."
"Scumbag brain strikes again!"
"So that's how it's made..."
"OOOOOOOOOH!"
"My face when something embarassing happens to someone else"
"Couldn't spell bananas so he improvised"
"Assassin’s Creed Jacket!"
"You are not the father!"
"not the father"
"Hahaha Trollball."
"can't catch me"
"Lets Play F**king Rugby"
"GREAT SCOTT!!"
"Troll Football."
"How I think that squirrel felt when it ran through traffic today"
"THIS. IS. FOOTBALL!!!"
"Pretty scared by his twin."
"This little kid is freaking out. He does have a cool leather jacket tho. Happy Halloween."
"No laser pointers."
"Picture of one of the titanium-tooth dogs. This is just bloody amazing."
"Fuck your cats reddit. This dog has titanium teeth and fights in wars."
"Personal mine detector"
"lalwut"
"How I felt after logging into reddit for the first time today and seeing the post about someone being circumcised"
"I Just Beat Mass Effect 3!!!"
"So they finally blocked reddit at work"
"My wife asked me to go see Magic Mike."
"what i wanted to do after my co-workers brought up 'swag' and 'YOLO' in our meeting"
"After spending hours working on new posts for Reddit  and finding my spelling error corrections have more karma"
"My girlfriend told me she wants to have a baby soon..."
"My boss caught me catnapping on a sofa  took a picture and sent it to my entire department. This was my reply."
"When someone says something stupid at work."
"Using my GI bill to finish school. At orientation they asked what are you excited about? some kid yelled out &quot;drugs  alcohol  and partying&quot; followed by another yelling out &quot;YOLO&quot;. my reaction...."
"Whenever I walk into work."
"How I feel by the time Friday rolls around"
"My reaction when a spider comes near me."
"Pure evil"
"Twin Lakes in Denver  CO [1920x1080]"
"Polar bear chillin"
"just a polar bear in a field of flowers"
"Hail storm in Alberta  Canada..."
"Finally it's here!!"
"Every Friday..."
"TGIF"
"TGIF!"
"The Batmobile"
"Merica!"
"Googled &quot;Murica Bitch&quot; was not disappointed"
"Look  up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a horse! It's a ... WTF is that?"
"Sometimes  you need to warn people."
"Oh  the places you could go!"
"this is why you have kids"
"Take This!"
"KamehameHA!"
"Let's play a game ..."
"What the fuck is wrong with the person that designed this? Did they not foresee some idiot kid would jump off the edge?"
";_;"
"It'll be ok little guy"
"This might just be the saddest doodle I've ever seen"
"Cat rush  oh i can look at this all day"
"When i find unexpected candy"
"It's ear..."
"Girls this is what you miss out on when you pee sitting down."
"Women pee only one way. Men have nine ways"
"9 ways."
"Gotta love pork skin."
"Found on fb....bad ass dogs"
"Secret Service Dogs"
"It was him!"
"Meth  not even once."
"The Dangers of Meth Addiction"
"I found a picture of a Redditor in the morning  getting ready for work."
"bill murray in the dorm"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"Animals' reactions to being placed in a cardboard box"
"Accurate."
"Animal's reaction to being placed inside a cardboard box."
"They call him &quot;Harold the Hose&quot;"
"Watch out  ladies."
"Beautiful sperm (whale)"
"Tell me Collin..."
"OPEN THE DOOR..."
"Colin Style! (x/post from /r/whoselineisitanyway)"
"So the power went out at my job and everyone got to leave early on Friday"
"HMMMMMMMMMMM"
"Whenever someone posts facebook/youtube &quot;gold&quot; posted by their &quot;friend&quot; or &quot;random stranger&quot;"
"~ The Lion King ~"
"Cute tounge"
"The perfect mix of hilarious and disturbing."
"That's a good advice..."
"How I feel when my younger sister has a sleepover party with her friends and they always laugh for no fucking reason."
"Whenever people make puns about the theatre shooting"
"Browsing /r/new"
"Mother Earth  my boyfriend and I don't appreciate my period being a week late."
"How I feel towards nature when my period's a week late."
"I agree with this."
"As a Canadian  I'm sorry to say I don't see it this way."
"This is actually pretty accurate."
"Googled 'merica wasn't dissapointed"
"How I look when someone wakes me up for no reason"
"Why are you white?"
"Oh my god Aragorn"
"Owls can dance."
"Oh no you didn't!"
"The hoot DuJour."
"You're the best!"
"ummm......"
"Ur... What... How? I don't know."
"This is what a nuclear explosion looks like less than 1 millisecond after detonation"
"Morgan Freeman chain of command [pic]"
"The Morgan Freeman Chain of Command"
"It looked like a bean."
"World War II if it happened online"
"This is still my favorite .gif of all time"
"This is still my favorite .gif of all time"
"If WW2 was a strategy game."
"I know it's old  but this is still my favorite .gif of all time."
"I just missed my cake day. Will you guys accept my favorite gif anyway?"
"This was Hilarious but Long"
"Long exposure fireworks"
"Slothstranaut."
"Astronaut Animals"
"United States of Space"
"Seems legit.... Where do I sign?"
"sky-high LOAN WTF"
"A little boy's wish about to become true"
"Probably a repost (I could only see it on imgur but I apologise if I'm wrong)- but just lovely."
"just awesome"
"Unbelievable Picture of a Yacht Trapped under Ice in the Arctic"
"Livin the dream!"
"AAAAAAAWWWWWW YYYYEEEAAAAAA"
"My friend's dog in heaven on her birthday.."
"Gotta be kitten me"
"How I feel whenever I win something"
"Next on Mawry:"
"Today on the Mawry show"
"Regrets  I've had a few.."
"Just a pig in a puddle"
"It's Friday  so here's this pig in galoshes"
"He's gonna be delicious."
"Hanging in there..."
"Old telephone pole"
"For my belated Double Cakeday post (Digital and IRL) I give you not just one post  but an entire album of karma!"
"How I feel when I finally understand a joke..."
":O"
"Spiderman Fail"
"Spiderman  Spiderman  does whatever a spider can."
"This Is Why Spiderman Isn't An Avenger"
"Spidey fail. Wait for it to get going."
"you picked a bad parking spot  buddy"
"The new way to take pictures.....This is a movement. Like Planking!!!"
"WTF is a little too gory for my tastes  so here's one of my earliest remembered WTF's"
"In my opinion  the best picture on the internet today."
"Old Pic.. But I will never understand"
"Wait for it.."
"Is this what girls in Peter North films feel like? sfw"
"Every time I post something on r/funny"
"When i submit links on Reddit."
"The result of most of my posts..."
"Thanks  Obama."
"Go ahead guess..."
"[click click] Enhance! [click click] Enhance!"
"My exact reaction  when I decided to see what 9gag was like."
"My Reaction To 95% Of /new Posts"
"Listening to fundie logic."
"Whenever I hear a song that I thought was awesome when I was in middle school..."
"You  thinking about the awkward moments in your life."
"Accidently oppened r/BabyBumps"
"mfw my english partner wants to do a report on prejudice towards christians"
"My face while watching this awful opening ceremony"
"Thinking about logging on Facebook."
"Watching Clint Eastwood's speech"
"My desk is next to the kitchen at work. This is how I look smelling everyone's microwaved leftovers."
"This man had a shoot out in a hotel in Anchorage  Alaska.."
"Alaskan man..."
"5 years ago my mom lectured me on not to judge after seeing a crazy tattooed man  here's that man 5 years later after committing a motel shooting spree"
"Jason Barnum...Arraigned For Allegedly Shooting Officer At Anchorage Hotel."
"I think he's looking at you."
"Gold and Silver Pawn - Battletoads"
"Battletoads"
"the mind continues to boggle"
"Just lick 'em bro"
"Silk Shake"
"this isn't even my final form yet!"
"I dont want to see his final form"
"Scumbag Bill Cosby."
"Harry Potter's Mexican...?"
"Ummm..."
"yeah...stop explaining...I'm coming"
"Guaranteed cringing"
"You can make rage faces on facebook IM. No shit  I'm being serious."
"For my cakeday I give you all the imgur links i have bookmarked in the last year"
"kitty + star wars = ?"
"fox news  reliable... does anyone know if this is real?"
"Fox News Geography"
"Fox News shows us Geography 101"
"FOX NEWS FAILS US GEOGRAPHY"
"Fox News: MOALMS."
"Fox News fails again. A friend of mine posted this on fb and I couldn't stop chuckling."
"Oh Fox News  you crazy."
"Meanwhile in Japan..."
"I don't know if this is a repost but I saw this today and thought of you  Reddit."
"Poor Pluto"
"Poor Pluto"
"Bunny loves beer! She'll follow the beer around the room hoping to get a couple drops"
"How I felt when I first joined reddit"
"Watching the opening ceremony."
"... Well hello there."
"This is how Reddit is when it comes to EVERYTHING."
"So a subway station flooded in Toronto today."
"For Mom...With Love."
"Well this is just disturbing"
"This is just fucked up"
"Oh how I miss being 12"
"How I feel when I make a joke on Reddit that has apparently been made too much"
"Guy tries to sneak attack a horse"
"Plays music CDs too!"
"True Gentlemen"
"Take On CD?"
"Hey..."
"90s Dancing"
"The Hood"
"Plays music CDs too! [Fixed]"
"White people"
"When I'm told that I have to get up early on a Saturday...."
"How I feel when I get downvotes"
"When I realise I'm being down-voted for being new to Reddit."
"After Redditing all day at work  then getting home and clicking on every link you have already seen.."
"My inner child when I can´t find a gif of Ducky(The Land Before Time) saying &quot;yep yep yep&quot;!"
"One of my favorite gifs"
"My face whenever I am losing in an argument."
"Face wobble."
"chuckel bros face gif"
"Cat in a Cat"
"Every redditors dream"
"Turn the tables on your cat! Repost? DO NOT CARE!"
"Sofacat"
"I'm feeling a little lonely tonight..."
"this is who I expect to show up on an okcupid date.."
"Oh hey  Halloween is soon right?"
"Woah dude... (x-post from r/wtf)"
"SCIENCE! [x-post /gifs]"
"damn  owls  you creepy."
"What it was like growing up with three brothers."
"Since r/Aww was going crazy over owls  I figured we should get some  too"
"Everyone loves owls!"
"I don't even.."
"Whenever I see a picture of a owl on aww...I think of this gif."
"They clearly left their friends behind."
"Owls are fucked."
"Ok..W..TF?"
"...I think I'm in the wrong neighborhood"
"This is why I believe owls worship Satan."
"Owl is Owl"
"Owls... (x-post r/gifs)"
"2 Live Crew on &quot;hood rats&quot;"
"Can we please have another Metroid side scroller? Or at least a remake of Super Metroid and Fusion?"
"Too Soon?"
"Canada has Milk Bags  China has..."
"No Gangnam Style?"
"The dance so dangerous  it was banned"
"Why Not!?"
"How it feel sitting in first row in imax theatre"
"Jean Michelle Cat"
"What a nice prisoner"
"Definitely worth the read."
"The best I could do..."
"Charizard use Blast Burn!!"
"Tom Cruise has a secret weapon..."
"[ ]"
"What's wrong Nietzsche?"
"I laughed pretty hard at this..."
"The reason I don't look at my reflection in mirrors"
"when I see someone with the same car as me on the street"
"Me when I found out the highschool teacher I'm aiding for is a redditor."
"Whenever I see my teacher using Chrome"
"When you stop at a red light and the car next to you is playing your favorite song."
"Whenever i see a fellow ginger"
"When I'm driving and gotta take a shit and another driver let's me go 1st at the stop sign"
"When the cashier gives me a dollar instead of 96 cents"
"When the black guy at my caf gave me 3 scoops of taco meat"
"When I see someone on the road with a license plate from my home state"
"Fuck the Police"
"FUCK THE POLICE."
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Level level: Level"
"Level Level: Level"
"Chooooooo!!!"
"WIFI Quarrels"
"Church sign."
"Church in my hometown has a sense of humor"
"When someone tries to interrupt me while im playing videogames"
"Whenever someone writes a paragraph on why my post sucks [Fixed]"
"If humans were famous internet animals"
"?"
"Viral animals as Human"
"In honor of my cake day  my favorite human interpretations of animal memes"
"You know you've been on internet too much..."
"How I imagine Redditors  when they saw Obama had posted an AMA."
"A friend of mine spotted this intrepid bus rider on the way to class. Hardcore parkour!"
"We Have Drug Dealers In The Pinelands."
"something is about to go down"
"Some sort of awesome meeting is happening in here [FIXED]"
"Holy mother of god!"
"Catman"
"Since everyone's talking about TDKR  here are my 3 favorite Batman-related images of all time."
"Meow the Dark Knight Rises!"
"The offspring of Mr. Wayne and Mrs. Kyle"
"Giant eyeball found yesterday on a South Florida beach."
"A nice piece of NOPE washed up on a Florida beach."
"Giant eyeball found on beach  posing mystery for marine biologists"
"jimmie overload"
"How I hope reddit reacts to my cake day posts"
"My cat painted this."
"My girlfriend's artwork amazes me sometimes."
"A sweet painting my girlfriend made"
"Hey Reddit  check out this painting my girlfriend painted"
"Hey guys  look at this painting my girlfriend made!"
"Look what Knettel37's gf has drawn now."
"So my boyfriend is over 400 years old and drew this a while ago. He thinks it's bad  but what do you guys think?"
"So my girlfriend drew a real good drawing and I told her reddit would love it. She didn't believe me so show her some love!!!"
"My Girlfriends Art amazes me..."
"someday my girlfriend will be as good as some people's...(Knettle37)"
"Look at what my girlfriend drew. So proud..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend painted this. How did she do? ;)"
"Hey reddit  my roommate painted this  thought you might like it."
"A friend on my neighbours' second cousin father in law painted something beautiful"
"Timing is everything."
"No touching."
"Favorite Internet Picture"
"This Cat Must Be a Canon Fan"
"When I ask my dog if he wants to go for a walk"
"Walk???"
"Every day I'm shufflin'!"
"This is how I feel on Fridays."
"let me see what you got"
"Lightning lighting up a huge cloud"
"Lightning lighting up a huge cloud"
"Lightning on the Horizon"
"Science!"
"Science..."
"Science"
"Another Facebook news feed gem..."
"I found this at work today..."
"right there  that's the spot (x-post from /r/doggifs)"
"Vacuuming a corgi (x-post/aww)"
"just cleaning out the old dog"
"Oh sweet Jesus that feels good!!"
"Fireworks Art"
"Fireworks"
"The force is strong with this GIF"
"Calvin and Hobbes IRL all grown up."
"Everybody needs a hug"
"More awesome than a monkey wearing a tuxedo made out bacon riding a cyborg unicorn with a lightsaber for the horn on the tip of a space shuttle closing in on Mars while ingulfed in flames"
"My friends dad is a meteorologist and he did a speech at a school about weather and one of the students gave him this letter."
"they dont just fix computers..."
"Cat shows dog who the boss is"
"My first attempt at the random feature on Imgur. Did not disappoint."
"I'm a fan of mystery novels  but I can't say I've read this one."
"&quot;I'm checking this tire  then we c...&quot;"
"Fastest way to remove a shirt."
"put 'r there... no? yes? oh.. cover up"
"Number one karma whore"
"The original karma whore."
"One of us?"
"Me when I found out there's a r/girlsinyogapants"
"&quot;Come help with the groceries!&quot; while watching the game"
"How I feel after committing genocide on the mold that had been growing on my dirty dishes"
"Ermagherd!"
"Just out of reach... (x-post from r/funny)"
"Welcome to Canada"
"Shit happens"
"I would stick my whole wallet into my CD drive for a remake of LoZ: LttP with these graphics."
"Stole this from facebook. Deal with it."
"Our system is as good as yours  so why change it?"
"United States vs. The rest of the world"
"Logic"
"USA vs. Rest of the world"
"Why don't you!?"
"Poor Mario"
"These would be so hard to consume... yet on the other hand...too delicious not to."
"I've never wanted a doughnut this badly..."
"Kitten donuts."
"PUT ME DOWN! I'll bite your freakin' face off."
"An unusual tank"
"Does it come in black? (Crosspost from r/pics) [945 x 635]"
"Just spray some Axe on it."
"When you realize it's your cakeday"
"Border between Belgium and the Netherlands in a cafe."
"If you were to come across this poster in 1919  wouldn't you just keep drinking?"
"Theres always room for a few more!"
"Lebron James  The Asshole."
"King Lebron  The Shithead."
"Lebron is kind of a dick"
"What a douche"
"Cannot unsee"
"The new LG marketing tool"
"Salads are hilarious !"
"How ganking as a jungler feels in the 1400s"
"Clever"
"Words do it no justice"
"I have social anxiety and I made a friend online who lives near me. He suggested that we should go see prometheus tomorrow  so I said sure. He seems like a nice guy and we have a lot in common  but I can't help but keep thinking this..."
"After submitting my first 2 links to reddit."
"I saved this guy from a life of coal mining for low wages. Also he fell out of a rocket ship destined for mars."
"How I feel about my GF after unexpected morning nookie. (SFW)"
"It's my cake day  so here is a picture of a cat that I took from Google Images."
"Still the best gif ever."
"How I enjoy r/f7u12 today"
"How about we just jam together  instead?"
"Best... Band... Ever..."
"Singing the chorus of my bands song Ian."
"Hello."
"Just trying to fit in"
"So I've been reading the &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; Series..."
"Mouth-faced"
"NOMNOMNOMNOM"
"everytime the power goes out..."
"Things to do when the internet is down"
"Things to do when the internet is down"
"The name of this school is redundant school school."
"Good thing I'm a helicopter"
"I didn't want to sleep tonight anyway.."
"Folding Lava"
"Breast feeding."
"I tried to stick my whole fist in them."
"reddit's dinner plan"
"What I tell people when they try to eat Thai food."
"I told my boyfriend I had to get a colonoscopy over text message  this is what he sent back in reply..."
"Big bully"
"Silly puppy!"
"The True Hero of Goldeneye"
"I was asleep at work and my coworker did something extremely similar to this... Douche"
"I just added this to my list of things to do before I graduate from college"
"Game of Zords"
"Leopard Seal vs. Penguin"
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"Brightens Up My Day Everytime!"
"I think he's preforming surgery on himself"
"Just a Dude Playing With His Bone"
"They feel left out"
"How my friend responded when I said it was my cake day."
"Fuck you and your giant images"
"You wanted to see the picture that everyone keeps reposting? Fuck you"
"Fuck you. I'll beat a dead horse if I want to."
"Don't fucking tell me what I can and cannot draw on my waterfalls in paint."
"(Yeah  right)"
"Had to be done."
"Teddy Roosevelt  Fuck Yea"
"What I imagine I am doing every time I run to make the yellow light before right it turns"
"Black Friday"
"Thinking about it this way makes it pretty sad."
"What exactly is going on here?"
"Star Wars Cosplay"
"perfect spot"
"So the power went out in my house 5 minutes after I made a post 3 hours later it comes back on and I see my post on the front page  this was my exact reaction"
"How I feel getting 1000+ karma overnight"
"When your girlfriend agrees to *that* thing"
"U scared  bro?"
"What on gods earth is going on!?!?"
"Looks like I'm not sleeping tonight"
"Worst. Tattoo. Ever."
"Poor guy was just trying to relax"
"Paula Breen"
"And then the Prince raped the Princess  cause it was his god given right..."
"Is it just me or Mars looks like &quot;me gusta&quot;?"
"This image simultaneously makes me hopeful and slightly uncomfortable. 2 days 8 hours 21 minutes to go! [FIXED]"
"Wait a second..."
"Soon."
"Anyone else see the Me Gusta face??"
"Mar Gusta"
"This is what I see."
"This image simultaneously makes me hopeful and excited. 2 days 15 hours 37 minutes to go!"
"What's the matter? Nervous?"
"So worth it"
"Times are changing"
"Community needs to come back soon. Need more of the lovely Alison Brie"
"Annie is perfect"
"Repost"
"Repost"
"Baby Swanson"
"Baby Nicholas Cage"
"I see your Nick Cage image search and raise you this"
"Googled &quot;Nicolas Cage as a baby&quot; Give me Karma"
"Went searching for Nicolas Cage as a baby  was not dissapointed"
"Black Quagmire?"
"What A View"
"Why?"
"Meanwhile in Johannesburg..."
"Denver Boot Defeated"
"Living the dream"
"I found a new mentor. Where was this guy on career day?"
"Alan Moore..."
"Mr. Hulot’s Holiday (IWDRM)"
"Did someone order a cup of...Joe?"
"How we all feel trying to get up votes."
"Ad Council"
"Cthulhu ruins lives."
"Why won't my cat do this?"
"When I get unexpected work dumped on me on Friday"
"TIGER UPPERCUT"
"DRAGON UPPERCUT"
"When my friend tells me my ex is talking about me on a social network."
"Nom nom nom"
"What is the source of this Nom gif? Like the video and stuff? Pwease?"
"Olli Jokinen loves waffles"
"Waffle Waffle Waffle!!!"
"Gets me every time"
"No Description Needed."
"I love waffles..."
"One of my favorite hockey gifs"
"waffles"
"What a troll."
"Dad got Trolled."
"Took this at a party i went to"
"Comrade Ivan's last yawn"
"Yawn"
"Legitimate indeed.(x-post from r/standupshots)"
"the French army knife"
"new french swiss army knife"
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"Whose war is it anyway?"
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"Little fur guy"
"you otter love me..."
"Every reddit post: My grandfather is on his deathbed and I found this puppy I mean kitten in the dumpster so upvote my baby otter"
"Every reddit post: My grandfather is on his deathbed and I found this puppy I mean kitten in the dumpster so upvote my baby otter"
"So this exists [x-post from r/gif]"
"I wish you the best of luck"
"Russian veteran finds his own tank as a monument. Heartbreaking photo."
"Veteran Soldier Remembering His Fallen Comrades"
"You Should Drink More Water"
"Hello Friend  You Should Drink More Water."
"In.....you"
"Drink more water..."
"I want to be inside you."
"Creepy..."
"11 days left"
"This says it all"
"Who's the real boss?"
"Who will you vote for ?"
"this belongs here."
"I want this to cover a whole wall in my apartment..."
"Still laugh every time"
"The old glued shoes prank"
"Introducing: the world's most badass man"
"Words fail me."
"Pure magnificent beauty!"
"My mate has this as his desktop wallpaper. Aww yea"
"Your /r/Science post lacks proper reputable sources."
"Boom. Science."
"Hotboxing"
"Hotboxing"
"How to avoid speeding tickets"
"BMO dancing to Deadmau5! (gifsound.com)"
"Ohhhhhhhhhh =O"
"I have done nothing productive all day"
"At work  last day before Christmas vacation"
"Work 19 days straight  today is my day off  then 11 more straight starting tomorrow."
"The end result of reddit"
"Derpin around all day"
"."
"Elmo Arrested in Times Square"
"Looks like Elmo tickled the wrong person"
"They see us rollin'"
"Going to the store? Let me hitch a ride."
"The Pope is coming to my country tomorrow [Lebanon]  the bad security/political situation reminded me of this old poster."
"What faith in a god looks like"
"FINISH HIM!!"
"BAM"
"Cute tiger cubs."
"A tiger mother lost her cubs from premature labor. Shortly after she became depressed and her health declined. So they wrapped up piglets in tiger cloth  and gave them to the tiger. The tiger now loves these pigs and treats them like her babies."
"Tiger Mom got depressed and unhealthy when her cubs die shortly after birth  piggies dressed as tigers to the rescue!"
"Just a &quot;tiger&quot; dog"
"My cousin was tagged in this..."
"Cthulu rising?"
"I've seen enough Hentia to know where this is going."
"A good example of what happens to my posts when they aren't about this guy.."
"Reverse trick or treat"
"Trick or Treat"
"Greatest Halloween idea ever."
"WTF"
"Oh bother..."
"Pooh likes honey"
"Obliterating N64 Joysticks Since 1998"
"Destroying N64 controllers (Fixed)"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [Fixed]"
"Defense"
"whatcha thinkin bout? Oh nothin'"
"how i feel after i try to convince my team on LoL to pick a decent team and they dont listen so i break down and pick whoever i want"
"How I feel when obviously pretty girls post really flattering pictures of themselves to r/amIugly"
"Where did movies like this one go?"
"Playing a game on easy may not be a challenge  but it makes you feel like a badass."
"Playing a game on easy may not be a challenge  but it makes you feel like a badass"
"Action Movies"
"Ultimate Badassery."
"Reposts vs. OC"
"This always pisses me off in action movies."
"Suspicious flashlight"
"Breaking News !!!"
"A bright future ahead for this one--this honestly hurts my heart with how perfect he is"
"I want to be a hero when I grow up!"
"story of my life"
"Honey  how's the baby?"
"Whee!!!- Oh dear God...."
"complete island destruction"
"Many have asked me  so here it is: full size colourized photo depicting Atom Bombing at the Bikini Atoll. Enjoy!"
"Bikini Atoll. [2966x1557][X-post from r/pics]"
"Picture makes Jay Bruce of the Cincinnati Reds look like he is levitating"
"BRB  going to mars."
"I must go  my people need me."
"Durring the Reds game Jay Bruce was &quot;needed&quot; by his people"
"Kung Fu Panda IRL"
"Crouching Hippo"
"All I see is another day at work"
"Mother of god."
"You want WTF? Here's WTF [NSFW]"
"Why Elmer Fudd hates rabbits so much."
"Why Elmer Fudd hates rabbits so much."
"What it takes to get famous..."
"Skill Vs. Fame."
"Skill to fame conversion chart... shockingly accurate."
"4chan on M&amp;Ms"
"Survival of the Fittest"
"There Can Be Only One!"
"Clint Eastwood approves this message!"
"When I'm already full but my gf asks if I want the last slice of pizza"
"How I feel when I have to get up at 3:30 for work"
"How I am in most of my classes"
"How I feel hearing my internet is going to be down till tomorrow."
"When I found out I missed my Reddit birthday yesterday"
"Whenever someone calls my name just to ask to borrow something."
"As a 22 year old  how I felt when I saw a 15 year old win a gold medal"
"It's all so pointless"
"Poor guy didn't know what hit him"
"Kids are so violent these days"
"I had to do it"
"What Chris Brown and Drake looked like when they fought"
"You're the best around!!"
"Test your might"
"Tiny Warriors"
"Nobody's gonna get their ass kicked"
"Lazy rage."
"because fuck work"
"How I feel every 10 pages while reading &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; (2 000 pages in  still holds true)."
"I haven't had a cigarette since Monday  This is how I feel right about now..."
"How I feel when the girl I like asks for dating advice. Every. Night."
"When things don't work out.."
"How I felt today. It's a Friday  and I left my job today."
"The Friday before a 3-day weekend..."
"When you realize you used the wrong formula to do all the work..."
"Business. [gif]"
"When I have to work late on a Friday..."
"How I ended the last week of high school"
"How I feel after spending an hour unsuccessfully trying to braid my own hair"
"Body check like a boss."
"How I feel when I downvote people."
"Just when my post is starting to gain momentum...NOPE."
"Whenever I see a post with &quot;(First Post)&quot; in the title"
"How it feels submitting an anti-obama link to /r/politics"
"Pokemon? THIS is what I remember as a kid!"
"I almost forgot about this"
"Are they saving that for later? (x-post from r/funny)"
"How does this happen?"
"can someone explain please?"
"My first time in a Walmart bathroom!"
"Obama at the Nuclear Security Summit Seoul 2012"
"Haters gonna hate // Obama Edition"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Just Obama coming with style!"
"Obama on a Sk8board"
"Well  I didn't expect that"
"How I feel as someone with nothing but student loans in Euro's about the possible collapse of the Euro"
"How I feel as a non-Murican watching the Sandra Fluke left vs. right shit storm"
"The girl I'm interested in is having a relationship meltdown on facebook."
"Everytime I see people debate without actually using intelligent points"
"My reaction to the Zack Braff Gonewild twitter thing..."
"MFW the party above my apartment gets busted."
"Nose maggots (NSFL)"
"HOLLY FUCKING SHIT... NOPE!!!"
"You know your __________ when your friend looks like a beaver"
"I about died laughing."
"My eye!!!!"
"Isn't it ironic?"
"adorable baby cow"
"I feel sorry for the kid"
"i know it is unfair"
"Teacup chihuahua in a teacup."
"Tea cuppy."
"Puppy-cup"
"Tea time!"
"When I see a friend walk into a party"
"When someone introduces me to a good looking female"
"Turtles are kinda dicks sometimes.."
"Even turtles are susceptible to douchebagery"
"Hitler pokemon song."
"Anon's masturbation story"
"/b/being /b/"
"Just another day in physics..."
"And this is how baby giraffes sleep. [76]"
"Just a sleeping giraffe..."
"Just a sleeping baby giraffe"
"Thought this was a reddit-appropriate wtf"
"Hermit crab inside of a glass see-through shell"
"Scientists at the New Zealand Marine Studies Centre placed glass shells into a hermit crab tank. The crabs soon moved into the glass shells and made themselves comfortable  allowing researchers to take these amazing photographs."
"Some fucked up individuals."
"nyan cat auditions"
"NYANYANYANYANYANYAN"
"Friday and Cake day? This is my plan for tonight!"
"A real nigga haiku"
"Ghetto Mthafcka"
"These directions are simple enough"
"She loves it"
"Doing it wrong."
"Catwoman walking on bottles"
"TIGER DERP BLOOD"
"Charlie Sheen eye swap"
"As someone who lives in the Northeast  this is how I feel about this so called &quot;storm&quot;."
"Subway's new ad [FIXED]"
"Well  are you ready? If you know what I mean..."
"Well; that's a bit forward..."
"Big Air Champion"
"Reserve my spot in hell will you. Thanks."
"Epic fall"
"Epic Fall"
"I believe I can fly"
"It's raining men!"
"My compliments"
"Wit a passion"
"Waitaya see my..."
"Big Booty Bitches"
"My friend just posted this  i have no clue"
"Right here. [xposted gif]"
"Just Mr. Anderson and Jeff Hardy"
"How to piss off your nerdy friends"
"How to piss off nerdy friends"
"just found facebook gold  I immediately knew where this really belonged..."
"Sad pug in a seal costume"
"Scientific evidence that dogs are land seals..."
"Sound medical advice"
"I want to meet his parents"
"I want to meet this kid's parents"
"I don't know whether to laugh or cry"
"Sometimes parties can slip into the weird zone rather quickly."
"Now this looks like a party."
"party"
"What submitting a link late at night feels like"
"the effectiveness of posting comments on a post you disagree with"
"This is how I feel when there's a ClickClack 4Grabs on Geekhack"
"Ethics"
"Elevator mind blown."
"Mirror Man"
"So sad when this happens"
"Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
"Yum!"
"&quot;See ya later  pig.&quot;"
"fuck the police."
"hes sailing away"
"He's Sailing Away [Fixed]"
"Excuse me  miss."
"Didn't think I would need an unlimited texting plan... till I got a girlfriend"
"My reaction when someone says something right before an exam that I'm hearing for the first time"
"My reaction when my mom said her WiFi password was &quot;PantyRaid&quot;"
"How my boyfriend looked at me after I asked him how many quarters there were in football"
"How my friend looked at me when I asked how many quarters there were in hockey"
"How I felt when my friend used the word &quot;weed&quot; in a head shop earlier today"
"How I feel when I accidentally open Internet Explorer"
"What I've learned from my first few months on Reddit"
"How I feel missing a day on Reddit"
"How I feel as a conservative Redditor  after several months on Reddit."
"I have noticed this......"
"Coming back to reddit after an absence"
"Cats in pants"
"Every time I open the rage maker."
"Well... Am I?"
"My thoughts on a majority of today's posts."
"what i didnt notice enough of on 11-11-11"
"I've noticed a pattern on Reddit lately..."
"My problem with Steam Sales"
"An Observation"
"Whenever I see a &quot;My gf/bf is out of town&quot;-comic"
"It's like the pumpkin carving all over again"
"Whenever I see a [FIXED] post without seeing the original."
"Whenever I see a [FIXED] post without seeing the original. [FIXED]"
"Looking back at the comic I just made"
"Whenever I see a [FIXED] post without seeing the original. [FIXED]"
"Hmm.."
"I just noticed this..."
"The new r/atheism trend."
"Ever since I found reddit"
"am i the only one who's noticed this before?"
"I still don't know"
"F7U12 Recently"
"r/atheism lately"
"How I feel watching the Olympics Opening Ceremony"
"Every time I'm on facebook"
"How someone with a peanut allergy feels on F7U12"
"He has been reassigned."
"regis philbin and pee wee herman at the m&amp;m's store."
"Not something you see everyday..."
"The best part about Autumn."
"This man has it..."
"The only thing that's left after a tarantula sheds it's skin"
"All planking attempts need to end this way [Fixed]"
"Cheers"
"When i find something good in r/new"
"The Empire Strikes Back... all in One Glorious .gif"
"Empire Strikes Back  all in one glorious .gif (credit to creator in comments)"
"Empire Strikes Back  all in one glorious .gif (x-post from r/movies)"
"After six years of picture hoarding  I think it is time to share the best of my funny picture collection with you. Enjoy."
"I googled my username. I don't see a connection."
"Accidentally stumbled into /r/spacedicks (SFW)"
"I see your thieving animal and I raise you a hood monkey..."
"No  it's mine! (ex-post from /r/wtf)"
"Cat like reflexes."
"Happy Birthday to one of the greats!.... and myself!"
"How I felt the first time I downvoted somebody. [FIXED]"
"How I feel going out in public.."
"Browsed r/new for 10 minutes.."
"Astronauts [pic]"
"What I refer to every time I see someone bagging their pants."
"Pup-ception"
"My little pup making a new friend"
"Um...not quite...."
"Kids love it"
"Every time I'm happy"
"what happens when i'm drunk and someone picks a fight."
"when people want my up votes"
"nah bitch"
"Crossing the street and someone honks at you to hurry up"
"&quot;Bleeaargaaghhhhhh NOM NOM NOM&quot; [x-post from gifs]"
"When an old class mate asks me what I have been up to since school."
"new sport: cops slalom"
"Fuck the police"
"Grandma will not be oppressed [X-Post from r/funny]"
"Fuck Da Police!"
"They see me rollin'"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Stop! Hammertime!"
"Cat cupcake"
"In love"
"❤"
"Wookiee the Chew"
"Christopher Solo"
"Kenny  the Down Syndrome Tiger"
"Kenny  the down syndrome tiger"
"Kenny  the down syndrome tiger"
"The Milky Way in a beautiful landscape"
"&quot;When I have a terrible need of - shall I say the word - religion. Then I go out and paint the stars.&quot; -Vincent Van Gogh"
"Yea  it's humid"
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"In light of the recent Star Wars and Disney collaboration..."
"Who's your daddy?"
"My experience with extreme sports - even when things go right  they go way wrong."
"Had to make this after I saw this gif"
"One guy on Yelp ..."
"US Swimmer Tyler Clary demonstrates the phenomenon of water surface tension"
"Made me feel like an All-star as a kid."
"Sometimes  when I'm sad..."
"Gets me everytime!"
"Rocket Post....and fail"
"nailed it"
"That moment when you realize the weather man was wrong"
"The forgotten passenger."
"cat in the north [fixed]"
"This song never fails to make me sad."
"How could you!?"
"dominic you rat!"
"I have no idea why I laughed so hard at this"
"Pokemon Confusion Logic"
"Just a squirrel I saw outside my house today."
"Owling...... Am I doing this right???"
"Wat"
"A thunderstorm over Crater Lake in Oregon [1247x900]"
"A thunderstorm over Crater Lake in Oregon"
"Aside from his shitty policies  does anyone else miss his antics?"
"Classic G. Bush"
"I always want to get into r/politics  but in the end..."
"Most men a couple days after starting the No-Fap Challenge"
"Every time I think about getting involved in /r/politics..."
"Jump Around Jerry"
"How I feel when I hear a white person using the word &quot;Swag&quot; non-ironically"
"My wife wanted me to watch the VMAs with her last night..."
"About to poop when someone else walks into the bathroom"
"When my parents start talking about sex..."
"This was my face when I realized it was my cake day!"
"Your move Jesus."
"Guide to avoiding Jesus"
"How to Avoid Jesus"
"Speech on the beach"
"Just relax...."
"Islandception"
"You are disgusting. (x-post from r/WTF)"
"A picture's worth a thousand words."
"Christopher Walken does not want."
"Banana Chips World"
"30 years of music"
"I could watch this all day."
"Fair warning....this is one of the most disturbing clown pictures I've ever seen."
"Clowns give me nightmares"
"Creepiest picture of a clown"
"Serenity"
"They don't"
"If I won the lottery I'd buy this for my backyard. (x-post r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"If I won the lottery I'd buy this for my backyard. (x-post r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Peacekeeper missile reentry"
"Don't look at me  where are my feathers dammit?"
"The Chicken Dance"
"Dancing Chicken  Shaking Tiger  Batman"
"A fabulous chicken  genetically altered to not grow feathers."
"I saw this tonight  not sure I needed to."
"I ate half a box of onion rings with my supper last night  this was my reaction when I went to the bathroom."
"Get Well Soon"
"Patient status: Unavailable"
"what happened today at school (first comic)"
"milk rage"
"my confusion"
"Like father like son"
"Seen a lot of face swaps today. I'm just gonna put this one here. It's my fav"
"Mind=Blown"
"Mind Blown?"
"You scratch my back..."
"Kitchen LOL!"
"Oh youTube comments  you so sexist."
"Do you see it now?"
"Daft Lebowski"
"Friday afternoon  15 minutes before I leave work."
"The 'Groove' Abides"
"What did the five fingers say to the face?"
"Where my mind IMMEDIATELY goes when I have to repeat myself in the drive-thru"
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"
"How I see Kenji Setou..."
"Whenever I wake up to upvotes in the morning"
"waking up to upvotes in the morning"
"Why Redditors over use every meme"
"So I just watched Prometheus..."
"Stepped outside for 5 minutes after washing my thick  wavy hair."
"My girlfriend asked why I have a bunch of pictures of Carlton as my desktop background."
"I just saw The Watch  this was all I could think of."
"How I know where Kentucky is [Fixed]"
"Whenever I successfully counter enough my Catholic father's arguments he always brings the argument to the same place"
"Who's behind karma on reddit?"
"Googled &quot;how to get karma on reddit&quot;"
"My brother let me use his computer unsupervised. This is what he'll wake up to in the morning."
"As a shy guy  looking at every female friend who dates D-Bags"
"As a 25 year-old student when family asks what they should get me for my birthday"
"When I see my friend using his left hand to control the mouse."
"Have you really thought about how Hulk managed to keep his pants on? Realistically  Hulk would be running around naked  but...."
"Americans on today's shooting"
"Enough"
"Maybe I'm an asshole but this is what I think when I see all these hand pictures"
"All I can think about when seeing everyone's deformed hands."
"S3 in a nutshell"
"asked my new non-redditor roommate if i could use her cat to get karma..."
"These parents just earned 1000 cool points."
"OMGCOCAINE"
"Beware of dog"
"Reflection"
"Icebergs in the harbor in Ilulissat  Greenland"
"What conductors look like to me"
"Budget cuts in the music industry"
"Took this pic at a concert yesterday. Comment:)"
"i dont have anything officer  i swear"
"If he pulled his shirt over  he might have gotten away with it..."
"That's it!"
"Impossible decision"
"So close."
"This is a problem..."
"Over 70%"
"Hardest.Decision.Ever"
"What kind of a question is that?"
"WTF You Rather?"
"What would you be?"
"Well then...."
"Elemental"
"4 Elements"
"Having a bad day?"
"What the NPC's think..."
"Get out Mom  I'm blogging!"
"Kitty likes what he sees"
"My cat spent too long in r/WTF"
"When I get upvoted..."
"Skater Lincoln."
"$5 American bill == Homeboy Abe Lincoln"
"Scumbag Abraham: Pocket Edition"
"I have to do this next time I tip"
"Anybody have OCD?"
"I'm lovin it"
"SWAG."
"Mr. Rogers can swing!"
"Swagga Like Us"
"I always knew Mr. Rogers was a straight-up G"
"By far my favorite .gif"
"Mr. Rogers' Got That Swag!"
"It is weird that I'm aroused by this?"
"Don't just hate it when this happens?"
"When I try to jack off in my hand but I get it everywhere instead..."
"Lightning and Lunar Eclipse"
"Lightning over the water"
"I want to learn from this guy"
"Hey Jackie  what do you think about The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?"
"They say not to bring a knife to a gun fight. Well..."
"Lattice Structure Cocoon - Unknown Species"
"Strange Cocoon"
"Strange Cocoon (x-post from r/wtf)"
"What is this bug?"
"I know that feel..."
"I know that feelin' bro"
"We need more wet Koala Bears on /r/aww"
"Just a cute little koala bear.."
"Don't Get Them Wet..."
"Not so cute anymore"
"Such a cute little koala.."
"PRICELESS"
"Buzz Aldrin punching a conspiracy theorist in the face like a boss[gif]"
"Buzz Aldrin punching a conspiracy theorist in the face like a boss[gif]"
"BUZZ ALDRIN"
"Dewdrops on a Dragonfly (more in comments)"
"woman gone wild[sfw]"
"Boo!"
"I'll totally do this if my gut gets big enough"
"Who da fuck"
"Well that eliminates most of them..."
"Came home from work and my comment karma was"
"Logged in and saw my karma"
"What it feels like now that its my first cakeday"
"Redditor and crew recording some audio of a plane's low pass flyby. Holy shit. [xpost from r/audioengineering]"
"This was posted this in r/audioengineering but it deserves more attention. Probably the closest plane flyby I've ever seen  and the wing is practically scraping the ground. All for some realistic audio recording!"
"My response to the 'text over picture' crap popping up on facebook."
"As long as this photo contains a contrast filter..."
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen. A pen..."
"Sometimes when I post..."
"Don't mind me..."
"How I felt when I realized I missed my cake day"
"My face when I missed my first Cake Day."
"Lil bro's reaction when he accidentally fainted his first shiny"
"Whenever I hit rush hour on my way to work"
"Whenever I hit rush hour on a friday"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Sexual Chocolate"
"I need to quit liking so many Facebook pages..."
"How is this sexy?"
"&quot;Mom! Mom! Are you coming to my school play?&quot; &quot;Sure son... HOLY SHIT&quot;."
"Mom of the year in Northern Ireland"
"Top notch parenting skills..."
"Yeah  pawns too!"
"Skindred fans will know..."
"Dont Cha"
"4chan at it again"
"Life Cycle of a Leaf."
"Atheist wins right to wear 'Religious Pasta Strainer' in ID Photo"
"Oops"
"What browsing reddit as a canine must be like."
"Cannot  reach!"
"A helping paw."
"Teamwork"
"Teamwork  panda style!"
"SOME SMART-ASS PANDAS"
"We gotta find Pluto his Ariel"
"It hit me like a truck."
"I found this on Facebook and it changed my life"
"One Of The Most Disturbing Things I've Seen On The Internet [X-Post from /r/MorbidReality"
"Jew silly goose."
"This picture makes me unKampfortable..."
"Dancing at a Party"
"When you're home alone and you can do whatever the fuck you want."
"when im walking into a party and am already drunk"
"That awesome moment when you ace a test without studying..."
"9th date"
"I pity the fool who short changes the A-Team"
"The a Team"
"My all-time favorite GIF."
"Myth busted"
"Aww poor dog... oh."
"Won't know what's going on but totally worth it."
"I thought reddit might get a kick out of this"
"Ohh looks like ..oh g*d it burns"
"My self-image after 1 year of being unemployed"
"MFW I see another &quot;How I became an atheist&quot; comic"
"I Wish"
"Happy little guy."
"Push it to the limit"
"Make me happy  through the years..."
"Redheads"
"My girlfriend painted this  she thinks it's pretty good. I think it's just okay  what do you think reddit?"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art.. can't believe she painted this"
"my girlfriend is really shy about her art but she made this in seventeen seconds. I think she's got some talent!"
"seems legit"
"Seems Legit..."
"Coca crab"
"The time has come"
"The moment she friend zones me"
"When I see my friend trying to pick up a girl at the bar"
"When I see my friend trying to get a girl"
"The most inexplainable picture that exists [NSFW]"
"Seriously  what the fuck is going on here? [NSFW] [GORE]"
"Sorry  the sink is currently occupied by adorable."
"Not enough rats on r/aww. Here's a hairless rat bathing himself."
"Was on my front page listening to Atmosphere's vid when I hit this Hairless Rat gif"
"Love a bath!"
"The Good Life"
"I can't be the only one who sings this in the shower."
"Seeing my own content reposted on the front page - reposted"
"Visited 9gag for the first time today after a year of reddit"
"Seeing something I downvoted in new on the front page a few hours later."
"Whenever I caught my friends smoking my kief stash without me."
"How I felt after driving past an extremely crowded Chick-fil-A on August 1st  2nd  AND 3rd."
"Something all girlfriends should know"
"Mindfuck."
"This is why I don't like cats"
"Inspiration behind reddit"
"Owl in Mid-Flight"
"Owl mid-flight"
"Whenever I'm waiting for a funny link to load on my phone."
"MFW I pinch out a giant turd after about an hour"
"So I googled my username...."
"mugged"
"mugged"
"Searched google for a picture of Bill Murray for his birthday  this is what I found. Happy birthday  Dr. Venkman!!"
"He is the only man who can take this picture and still maintain the title of badass."
"Danny Trejo and a dove"
"Danny Trejo and a Dove"
"Danny Trejo and a dove"
"Danny Trejo and a Dove"
"I love Danny Trejo."
"Ahh the good old times..."
"Well  this is awkward."
"And then he said...."
"Coming through!"
"EVERY Halloween."
"Always and forever hilarious"
"Say buddy  you got a light?"
"WHY? [pic]"
"Cigarettes can even make Fishchicken look cool."
"Hey Mom  what's for dinner?"
"That's enough internet for today"
"Well.. There's that.."
"waking up early"
"Badass level: Snoopy"
"This is why I loved Poser. For making shit like this."
"How Captain America keeps himself busy"
"DIABEETUS."
"HOW WAS THAT DONE?"
"Why  because fuck physics."
"Cat."
"ohawww!!!"
"Weird?"
"When I heard about India's 600 million person power outage"
"Juror number 4 in Apple Samsung patent dispute."
"So I googled catfish pics... why am I not surprised?"
"Awwww??"
"So we were out fishing..."
"What you say ma? A tornada?"
"What it feels like being a thug in your generally uptight neighborhood"
"Played Smash 64 against my friends who prefer Brawl. This sums up the experience."
"When I woke up to see that I finally broke 5000 link karma"
"this just came up on my newsfeed.. (forever alone gets a girlfriend)"
"Forever alone level: asymmetrical breasts"
"How I feel studying for exams of subjects I have no interest in."
"Exactly what it's like when my girlfriend is too tired to have sex...."
"When she just isn't really into it."
"How I feel after taking care of two hyperactive kids three days in a row"
"When people downvote one of my comments to oblivion  I don't delete it."
"soon"
"SOON..."
"My Comp Professor emailed this back when I asked when I was getting my essay back"
"How to troll"
"My reaction while browsing my bank statement  I see my wife actually returned something to a store instead of buying."
"The thought process of the US Government on Megaupload after they realized SOPA wont pass."
"When a girl follows MY request on GW"
"This is how I feel  as a Canadian  when upvoting an anti-SOPA post."
"if you're feeling down  just remember ..."
"When I make a reference and someone gets it"
"So  I went on Facebook"
"The rubix cube master"
"On June 5th 1989 the Unknown Rebel stood in front of a column of tanks rolling into Tiananman Square. Today i found out that this iconic photo is just a cropped version of the original. This really shows the scope of just how fearless he was."
"You are 1 person out of 100 billion galaxies."
"just think about it"
"Sad Panda"
"Hung-over again... Man i hate these semi-anxiety alcohol attacks."
"All the Reddit posts about the Steam Summer Sale made me curious. I'm just going to take a quick look. Looking can't hurt  right?"
"Me when I over think a text I sent to someone I'm interested in and haven't heard back from."
"How I feel when I view replies to my comment on YouTube"
"Do you like Huey Lewis and The News?"
"My face when I buy a new album and play it for my friends [GIF]"
"American Psycho Barracuda"
"Patrick Partyman"
"Hey Paul?"
"How I feel when introducing my friends to Dubstep"
"Karma Shot [nsfw]"
"Gonewild in a nutshell"
"The moment of impact — a tank shell rips through a group of Syrian rebels in Aleppo  Syria. (Credit and link to full gallery in the comments)"
"The exact moment a tank shell hits a Syrian Rebel post in Aleppo.."
"As an American  this is what I feel every professional Soccer game is like"
"I posted a link on Facebook  two minutes later a &quot;friend&quot; posted it independently."
"Dexter's Lab"
"For all you students  I present the Gummy Bear Incentive Studying Plan!"
"Close call"
"Watch Out for Unplanted Signs"
"Keep back"
"I didn't know this level of cuteness was possible"
"How I got caught fapping by my mom [NSFW]"
"when i see a comic with more than one page"
"For those who missed out before  this is a repost  but I love it so much."
"My housemate taking her boyfriend to see the new Twilight movie."
"Yeah  cat  good idea!"
"Monorail cat. Ballsy a fuck."
"Oh hai ^.^"
"Shouldn't Christians..."
"It makes sense."
"Christians?"
"I would love to read this book."
"reposts"
"Question for Christians"
"Mark 12:17"
"There must be a difference"
"Life At Conception Raptor"
"Celebrate the beauty of love!"
"I've always wondered..."
"Priorities"
"A question on the first commandment"
"Philosoraptor on Jesus"
"If you've ever wondered how a French Bulldog walks while wearing boots...you're in luck"
"How I feel walking with pins and needles"
"When I see a free sample at the supermarket"
"He couldn't handle the sour"
"Can't stop laughing."
"So happy!"
"Space Invaders"
"Seeing all these soccer Gifs  I thought I should add this awesome save."
"HAY!!!!!"
"One hour left of work. Thinking about pulling one of these."
"Bumping into your ex"
"How we Stereotype the World (by insulting Everybody!)"
"Map of a the world as it really is"
"How I feel about how you feel about a sport."
"With Hostess going out of buisness... this is all I can think of."
"Wehk."
"Quack."
"Date tonight...."
"can't be bothered to go and get tissues..."
"Efficient Personal Hygiene"
"On my days off  this is how I start my day."
"Two Spears (Also  source?)"
"The most manly 5 o'clock shadow you'll ever find."
"Facebook gold"
"This is how I feel at the moment."
"Google &quot;Average 9gag user&quot; This was the second result:"
"Fuck this guy..."
"Fuck this guy"
"God Hates Fags"
"My long-time Redditor friend just saw that I have 3 more Karma points than him."
"Last night I farted in bed next to the guy I've been seeing(only the second time we slept together). This was my face."
"How I feel now that shower beers are the new ice soap"
"How I felt when I found out topless images of Kate Middleton were published today during no fap September"
"How i feel when the power goes out and my laptop battery is almost dead"
"If I can do this once during my teaching career  I'll consider myself a success."
"How I feel trying to start a subreddit"
"Space Missions Infographic"
"Beating Tetris"
"The truth about tetris"
"Beating Tetris"
"The Truth About Tetris."
"Not suitable for LIFE."
"just a baby coming out of a guys ass"
"Oh  that's water? Like it gives a fuck."
"KNIFE to meet you."
"When I see people post depressing things on facebook."
"My buddy sent me this after I told him I made the front page.."
"Iron Man and Silver Surfer [FIXED][FIXED][FIXED]"
"Hypnotized [gif]"
"Ashley Ann Vickers"
"And in other news...oh wait..what?"
"Every time r/atheism hears about *another* Christian sex scandal."
"No great story starts with a salad  huh?"
"First Post. I heard you like cats."
"The Reddit Coat"
"Entrapped souls of /r/aww"
"Let uss meowwttt"
"Need this jacket!"
"Dat jacket... (X-post from /r/funny)"
"cat coat"
"The Coat of Reddit - Imgur"
"Life is hard for a Redditor."
"Not sure if awesome  or terrible..."
"Imma Hoers!"
"Just another photobomb."
"just poped up on my fb"
"What are you doing grandpa? Stop!"
"They've both been waiting for this moment for a long time."
"How I feel when becoming friends with a redditor after an argument"
"So there's this"
"I need me Lucky Charms!"
"I miss this meme"
"This probably belongs here."
"Just a creepy looking dolphin"
"The more you look at it  the more freaked out you'll get"
"Laser cannon death dolphin."
"Cyber Bullying"
"Hai-YA!"
"Ready for Recall!"
"Hide your kids.."
"I don't even know"
"This was posted by a family friend"
"I was scrolling through facebook when suddenly..."
"Awesome 3D tattoo"
"How to make friends on Chatroulette:"
"Meanwhile  at your local Apple store..."
"Meanwhile  at the Apple Store"
"Scene at a Apple store today after it opened"
"Oh no  he's giving me that look again."
"Someone must pay!! - Imgur"
"You're all gonna pay!!"
"Tights!"
"ha ha ha ha ha!"
"Russian Dancing Bats [fixed]"
"Batman Cabaret"
"I have no words. I feel embarrassed and ashamed FOR him."
"I left ragemaker open when my girlfriend was using my laptop. this is what i came back to"
"Fruit Ninja in Real Life"
"When I walk into a bathroom and the handicapped stall is empty"
"when i get my shift covered only 5 minutes before i was supposed to go in"
"Whenever I post on Reddit"
"Made it on the front page for the first time today and this is how I feel"
"just an otter and a teddy bear"
"No way"
"Astounded otter"
"a very surprised looking otter"
"Astounded Otter does not like surprises"
"Whenever one of AMA comments/questions get answered by OP..."
"An amazing profession"
"Hipster cat"
"Hipster cat"
"My face when Ziggler hits a superkick out of nowhere"
"Goggles  my favorite wallpaper"
"Goggle cat!"
"When it hits"
"The kid in you would eat this in under a minute."
"DIABEETUS"
"Heyy sexy??..."
"Scars"
"Too True"
"Those Emotional Scars"
"party in aisle 15!"
"Dying."
"Plenty of WTF here.."
"I have no idea what's going on here"
"Link was most attractive in Skyward Sword."
"Found this in r/gifsound. Thought you guys might enjoy it."
"The Legend of Zelda: Hyrule Rock!"
"It's a fucking rocking chair!"
"Motherfucking chair."
"How I feel browsing the endless /New"
"How I treat &quot;funny&quot; iPhone chat posts since discovering fakeiphonetext.com"
"Whenever OC is actually funny."
"All Black Mesa posts at the moment...."
"When I see a proposal/marriage/kids/home coming/other FB shit post"
"My reaction when I stumble across my ex's Reddit account."
"Breakfast Time"
"Rainbow colored ants"
"Translucent Ants"
"On my cakeday  this is all I can think about..."
"Badass ball kickin' dude!"
"Just playin' a little ball..."
"I.. I don't even.. [NSFW]"
"Not sure what to say about this."
"If you look closer  this is still wtf [NSFW]"
"We're all beautiful on the inside [NSFW]"
"Three Birds"
"Smile"
"How I felt entering my first year of college..."
"Piss of the reed flutes"
"I think this belongs here"
"Just watering the plants"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Ink birds [gif]"
"Thief!!"
"Thief!! [gif]"
"Thief! [gif]"
"I Googled &quot;the worst mouth ever&quot;..."
"Hyperdontia (Supernumerary Teeth)"
"Possibly the strangest .gif ever created"
"Look into his eyes for a solid minute w/o laughing."
"mesmerizing taco"
"Taco Monster"
"MORE TACO"
"Typed in a random imgur link..."
"No title can make this picture funnier than it already is"
"This is how I feel most people look at us."
"Graphic images of Mexican Cartel having sexual intercourse / Dismembering bodies and feeding body parts to starving dogs"
"Man having anal sex with a horse and a goat whilst his 5 year old son watches. (NSFW)"
"Me reading r/ImGoingToHellForThis lately"
"Reading the &quot;What's the worst thing you stuck your dick in/up in your vag&quot; posts today."
"Grandma gets chocked rape while whole family watches."
"Kitten being crushed by bowling ball."
"Here's an X-ray of my deformed hand inside my dead pitbull's rectum. NSFW"
"Here's an X-ray of my deformed hand inside my dead pitbull's rectum. NSFW"
"Inside out penis penetrating 18 year old girl's vagina. (VERY DISTURBING NSFW)"
"A message for the Internet."
"After learning that r/PicsOfDeadKids is an actual subreddit..."
"Where will you be?"
"This is who I will be voting for this election..."
"This is who will be getting my vote this coming up election..."
"Walked through a spiderweb."
"Awesome Spider is AWESOME !"
":3"
"There is nothing cuter than a baby fennec fox."
"A baby fox. That is all."
"Meanwhile in Africa"
"Lip Halo"
"From Aristotle to Lil Jon"
"What?"
"Checking the stopwatch after 46 days"
"Looking at my clock after 509 days"
"In response to the redditor whose phone stopwatch got to 3 000 hours when their friend stopped it... Mines still going"
"Actually  I think I win."
"Not quite sure how this is possible"
"No one can beat me"
"I See Why Your Phones Battery Is Dieing And Raise You This"
"I think mine broke....."
"I see your phone stopwatch and raise you mine"
"I See Your 7106 Hours and Raise You My 13006"
"I have you beat  sir."
"Hipster stopwatch - my phone was doing it first."
"So I found out why my battery was dying fast(er)"
"I have a time traveling ipod..."
"I see your 7100 hours and raise you mine..."
"My battery was dying fast too."
"I see your 7106 hours  and I raise you 19 202."
"Chun-Li (x-post from r/cutekids)"
"Paula Deen riding bacon-wrapped hot dogs."
"A bachelors pad with incentive to stay in shape"
"Can you guess all the Nintendo characters?"
"ha  its weekend lets go for the party."
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Nice Elepant."
"I miss it."
"Have you seen my stapler?"
"Missing Stapler"
"So I googled &quot;what is reddit&quot;... this was the first image result"
"I don't even know what I'm looking at."
"How to fit an elephant into a safeway bag"
"Elephant in safeway bag..."
"Doesn't work anymore"
"This man was struck by lightening and the scar is amazing  albeit tragic. Known as a Lichtenberg scar."
"This is the first picture I upvoted  one year ago today."
"Cool scar from being hit by lightning"
"I literally have no words..."
"My name is DoubleAustin and Welcome to Jackass"
"Whenever I spend a week visiting relatives."
"Everyday is a struggle"
"PMS"
"This"
"Dressed up like a million dollar trooper..."
"My Current Favorite .gif"
"Like I give a WTF?!"
"This gif has proved invaluable  particularly on facebook..."
"Just realized I'll be in Thailand  nowhere near a computer on my cakeday"
"How I loved this game!"
"QWOP contender or Downs child? You decide."
"How QWOP was made"
"QWOP."
"The Doctor Dances to Daft Punk"
"What's that spell? LOADS OF EMONE."
"Sounds about right for this."
"Nuthin' But A G Thang"
"How I feel when the upcoming Doctor Who episode is penned by Stephen Moffat!"
"Bibles for Haiti"
"Bibles are delicious"
"Original content on 9Gag."
"Every day i'm dumblin!"
"I Can't Look at This Without Laughing"
"this is why i love dogs"
"4Chan Confirms The Existence Of God"
"Reading all the sexy comments on /r/gonewild"
"The Epicest Battle"
"And in today's news..."
"amazing what 20 years of drug use can do: Ozzy &amp; Sharon Osbourne circa 1987"
"Ozzy &amp; Sharon Osbourne. When the FUCK did The Prince Of Darkness look like  well  a normal person?"
"I don't know what kind of swag they're giving away in this booth  but I'm pretty sure I don't want any of it."
"Pumpkin in labor."
"cute doggie earned a treat"
"Out with your fish tank? Amateur.."
"The Octomom is stripping in south Florida tonight"
"Probably my favorite Bioshock picture"
"A cat under bed sheets"
"&quot;ghetto cat&quot; ... [fixed]"
"However Ryan is  YOU SUCK!!!"
"Hello!!!"
"ROFL seal"
"LOL I'M A SEAL"
"ROFL"
"Jason Segal talking about The Muppets"
"This is why I'm hot [FB]"
"How real men play jenga"
"Someone has been playing Red Faction  I see..."
"Just so that strong breeze doesn't take off land with it"
"Awesome art installation in Belgium"
"R2-D2 Rocks"
"Whenever I get downvoted"
"The line that made 30 Rock one of my favorite shows."
"Someone goes on reddit."
"Wise words from a wise man"
"So much easier."
"In Da Club"
"In da club."
"Brown line in Chicago experiencing some delays..."
"Unmarked Cop Car vs CTA Train in Chicago. Spoiler Alert- the Train Won"
"Unmarked Cop Car vs CTA Train in Chicago"
"Which one is the Redditor?"
"Reddit  Digg  4chan..."
"2 girls  1 guy .gif. Fuck"
"Anyone knows where this gif is coming from?"
"Two thirds of my department just got laid off..."
"Yep  that pretty much sums it up."
"Great reaction sequence: Very funny and applicable response to many posts. (Sorry if it's a repost)"
"Today my mom and sister talked about a fundie who said shrimp was sinful; I started showing them some other nice quotes from their bible  this is how it went"
"This'll keep kids from doing meth."
"Whoever keeps posting these at my college  please continue."
"Triple Prizes! [gif]"
"If Only"
"The luckiest man alive"
"C-c-c-combo breaker"
"What success feels like"
"WOMBO COMBO! (Idea from /r/funny)"
"Wombo Combo!!!!"
"Today is a good day"
"How if feels buying a game during a Steam sale."
"VICTORY!"
"VICTORY!"
"Disney's Promise"
"Disney Easter Eggs [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Whenever reddit goes down for 'scheduled maintenance'"
"A wild pun thread appears."
"Hey Look!"
"A new species of dolphin."
"Hey  look!"
"Two words. Bacon Fries!!"
"Thanks  lads. Much appreciated."
"Repost"
"Unoriginal content"
"What Reddit seems to be lately"
"The best repost ever"
"My favorite world record was broken today..."
"The DEERly departed"
"Oh  Deer."
"Mother of God..."
"...and they all raged over the guy from Predator"
"When my friend tells me he liked the ending to Mass Effect 3"
"My boss just asked me to work late."
"How I feel playing Assassin's Creed III"
"How the fuck do you drive this thing?"
"How do you drive this thing?"
"Awesome beer ad response"
"When I noticed it's my very first cakeday"
"The most annoying mash up in the world"
"Happiness."
"The best face swap I have ever seen!"
"Face Swap Level: Pro"
"A dialogue I would never get tired of."
"Captain Planet"
"The power is your's!"
"OW MY VAGINA"
"Cat vs Bat"
"Cat vs. Bat"
"Died ..."
"A really quick question"
"his arms are loose..."
"Andrew WK knows the proper way to answer questions on Fox News."
"PARTY HARD!!!"
".....Yes."
"how i feel during friday afternoon meetings"
"Easily one of the funniest gifs I've seen in awhile."
"Here's some micro pig cuteness"
"Bacon seed."
"Love at first sight."
"Awwwwww. This is sooo cuuuute."
"I need to vacation here!"
"Unreal"
"Just a Lake in Norway."
"Shut the Fuck up"
"Okay do I eat this or..."
"With some butter and lemon after it crawls in your room?( if you can find bigger ones please send!)"
"THE SUN and some stars"
"nope."
"FOR YOU SIMON"
"HEY HEY HEY  I've got something for you  wait... where did i put it?"
"Winter is Coming"
"Awwwwww"
"Just a baby hawk~"
"ammunition"
"Ermahgerd"
"Nanananananananananana BATMAN!!"
"4Chan makes the sweetest wallpapers...this was my favorite one."
"My T-rex Friend..."
"Cat took a picture of itself on an iPad"
"Knock knock. Who's there? Freedom"
"Obama should use this as a campaign ad"
"I see your cats  dogs  and other animals and raise you a baby tortoise!"
"silly turtle  that strawberry's too big for you"
"Sometimes the eyes are bigger than the stomach"
"Nomnomnom"
"Nom nom nom!"
"Birthday skeleton"
"Birthday Skeleton"
"The Birthday Skeleton"
"Every time my wife tries to teach me to dance..."
"Oh god. This made me laugh so hard I almost passed out."
"Who in their right mind would do this to the children...."
"My Shepherd Max's Halloween Costume"
"Dapper Dog in Hat and Pipe. That is all."
"Spiders love coke...right?"
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE [FIXED]"
"NOPE! on cocaine."
"COCAINE!!!"
"COCAINE!!!"
"COCAINE"
"Coke addict spider"
"Shut up and take my money."
"Shut up and take my money."
"When it's my birthday IRL"
"Seems like every shoot I've been on so far is like this... Am I the only one?"
"Someone downvoted my post?"
"Insights in Cheerleading"
"I wonder what the one on the left is seeing."
"Big Tex on Fire"
"Big Tex burns down - Texas State Fair"
"Texas State Fair Becomes Burning Man Festival"
"Today is a sad day at the Texas State Fair. RIP Big Tex"
"Big Tex  Texas State Fair icon  burns up"
"Goodbye Big Tex"
"Howdy! Welcome to Texas!"
"The Texas State Fair 52 foot tall icon  Big Tex  just burned."
"Big Tex of the Texas State Fair on fire."
"Oh the humanity!"
"And my giant State Fair icons FUH-LAAAAMING"
"Big Tex burns down. (X-Post r/Texas)"
"Dallas state fairs Big Tex goes up in flames!!!!"
"Big Tex  a long-running Texas state fair attraction  has died."
"Big Tex is no more. It's a sad day in Texas."
"Never Forget!"
"Today Dallas lost an icon. RIP Big Tex (NBC DFW)"
"My childhood has gone up in flames. RIP Big Tex from the State Fair of Texas."
"Goodbye Big Tex"
"Fire destroys State Fair of Texas icon Big Tex"
"Burning Man just keeps getting weirder"
"Big Tex Burns Down at Texas State Fair"
"A devastating day to all Texans. Everyone's favorite cowboy engulfed in flames"
"Big Tex's Final Moments"
"Who made this guy?!"
"DAE think this looks more like a rainbow autofellatio rather than rainbow puke?"
"How I feel reading about Google Fiber."
"I........I have no words........"
"What the absolute hell?"
"I must own one"
"Where can i buy this"
"HAHA  no."
"When you ask your mom for something in the grocery store"
"What good people"
"Japans last nuclear reactor to shut down  let us not forget the heroes who took one for the team!"
"Regrets  I'm sure she has many."
"Regrets  I'm sure she has many."
"She likes to sleep in the bowl.."
"My reaction when I found out that there's going to be a Family Guy MMORPG..."
"When my brother plays &quot;TIITHRMDR&quot; in Words with Friends and wins."
"Pretty useful device. Especially when you're reading a book."
"Pretty useful device. Especially when you're reading a book. (x/post from /r/funny)"
"What is he reading?"
"Buzz Lightyear of Star Command commands you."
"To think that I use to drink from one of these"
"hello reddit  can I pass through?."
"After paying a new semester's worth of tuition and books this is how things feel at the moment..."
"Just finished buying my textbooks and software.."
"Whenever I see a political attack ad..."
"When the dentist asks me a question while his instruments are in my mouth"
"DAT ASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS"
"Does anyone have this gif without the text?"
"Can anyone tell me what movie this gif is from? I want to watch it and drool over this man."
"Me  when a girl says hi."
"Is it weird that i find this attractive?"
"I could watch this gif for hours..."
"Slow internet + /r/gifs = MERLERN BRERNDERR"
"He may be old school... but oh my."
"When my comment gets more upvotes than the person I replied to."
"Realizing it's my cake day  and that I've been on Reddit for one year now."
"How I feel when I find out the girl I'm seeing is on the pill"
"I can do that."
"I didn't know how to get there  so I went spiderman.."
"I never knew Spiderman was black."
"Facebook friend of mine inspected an apartment where the male tenant was recently evicted. This is what she found."
"Got evicted the other day  decided to have some fun with the landlord. Wonder what she'll think of this..."
"Somebody had to say it sooner or later."
"[FB] This is my girlfriend's grandma. She makes me proud."
"Autumn in Japan"
"The &quot;i&quot; in TEAM"
"There it is: the &quot;i&quot; in team."
"Found this on my newsfeed today  I believe my cousin has finally found it!"
"Fuckin' P.E. teacher was fuckin' wrong"
"A Hole"
"All these years  I've been lied to!"
"There it is"
"There's no &quot;i&quot; in team..."
"Who said there was no &quot;i&quot; in team?"
"I can't find any words to describe this"
"I don't even know what's going on here"
"My friends and I at prom"
"Browsing /r/gifs while listening to music when suddenly..."
"Your face when you see this"
"It's nice to see everyone getting into character. I wanna party with these guys!"
"I made a new upvote gif. How do you guys like it?"
"To be or not to be black"
"When everyone has bud in the group sesh"
"Getting a little funky..."
"Find me a better song that fits with this gif."
"POUNDEALARM!~"
"In a nutshell: Why I watch Adult Swim (Loiter Squad)"
"Optical illusion"
"The original photobomb"
"the original photobomb [x-post from r/pics]"
"Made my first gifsound"
"Stay classy  Mudkip."
"This Picture Tugs At My Emotions"
"Weapons of mass cuteness"
"Kneading Cat"
"patpatpatpatpatpatpat"
"No  srsly... tell me more.. you're so interesting"
"My face when I'm &quot;listening&quot; to my girlfriend complain about work (x-post from r/pics)"
"Gandalf Likes"
"What is Love? (x-post r/lotr)"
"Laughing Galdalf"
"Uhn Tiss  Uhn Tiss  Uhn Tiss Gandolf!"
"Party Like A Wizard"
"x-post from /r/MakeupAddiction: Am I doing it right?"
"I can't come up with a creative title (2nd time around) for this but I was encouraged to share from r/MakeupAddiction. So this will be one of the longer un-creative/not interesting titles for this subreddit. Enjoy or not enjoy. Thank you. tldr: picture I wanted to share with reddit"
"Am I doing it right?"
"Just a so...so night on Imgur....until"
"Now there's some scary makeup skills (x-post from r/makeupaddiction)."
"mans best friend"
"No rock!"
"Down boy! Down!"
"Bad Rock!!"
"True"
"I hate when this happens"
"When someone makes a pun in the comments section"
"After two days of no fap february"
"After you realize you haven't fapped in two weeks."
"Every time i try to put ketchup on my food  this happens."
"Needs More Ketchup..."
"I hate when this happens."
"Peeing after sex [SFW]"
"Come on  Ketchup!"
"Does this happen to anyone else?"
"Shake oh shake the ketchup bottle..."
"reddit is a place for intellect and this..."
"Screw swag I have bacon"
"Quick! Grab my hand!"
"Avoid this today."
"Quick grab my hand"
"What?"
"How I feel getting off of work on Fridays"
"Dog sledding done right"
"I'm outta here."
"Dog sledding"
"Let's Go Sledding"
"Some People Are Too Attached to Traditional Media"
"You can read him like a book"
"Meme-ception"
"My favorite meme combo in honor of Halloween week"
"Pen tornados"
"Flying Dildo's?"
"A flying what???"
"Too Soon?"
"Taste the rainbow pussy"
"Cat enjoying a slurpee"
"Friends"
"Hitler Cat"
"Heil Kitler!"
"The perfect explanation to religion. (Found on 4chan earlier today)"
"It's gotta be a duck right?"
"Science vs. Religion: A Tale of Two Rabbits"
"I searched &quot;Reddit Front Page&quot;  my favorite faceswap appeared."
"I Googled &quot;how to get to the front page of reddit &quot; and this was one of the first results"
"Tragic"
"Sad numbers."
"I would never have guessed the numbers are this bad."
"Brady Campaign (formerly Handgun Control Inc.)[484x628] Ad depicting deaths from handguns. Seemed relevant after the tragedy in CT"
"West Germany? That hasn't been a country in 22 years! Seriously. The things that circulate on Facebook..."
"'Murica"
"God bless America."
"As an Aussie  I just don't get it"
"What do you think? Gun contron needed or not?"
"This is a somewhat old poster but the message is still true."
"Saw this posted on FB. Anyone have the real statistics? These seem ridiculous"
"&quot;Stop handguns before they stop you.&quot;"
"Trigger happy."
"What's wrong with U.S??"
"Buzzfeed: 31 Year-Old Handgun Violence Ad Still Relevant Today"
"When Looking Through GoneWild"
"Meanwhile  In France..."
"Why yes  that IS a vagina riding a bicycle around Helsinki. Why do you ask?"
"WTF!? (Fill in own caption here)"
"How i feel when my comment gets more upvotes than the post."
"&quot;BUSTED&quot; the best outlet plate EVER!"
"Got sent a GIF while listening to music and..."
"Did anyone actually buy this game?"
"I got this... I got this... I GOT THIS... Oh  I don't got this."
"New video of Billy Cundiff already at work in the offseason"
"Ladies and gentlemen  the greatest American football player of our time."
"My first attempt at this."
"Manliest Pacifier EVER."
"I might just have to make a baby so I have a reason to buy this."
"Please enjoy this culturally  religiously  ethnically  politically correct cartoon. Thank you."
"I think most of reddit can related to Lisa Simpson's timeless graph."
"When you see it  you'll know."
"When you see it"
"FPSRussia is one lucky son of a bitch"
"From Morrissey's facebook page - Totally reddit worthy."
"Prof Morrissey likes pussy."
"Morrissey as a redditor"
"I think Morrissey might be one of us..."
"Morrissey and a cat...nothing out of the ordinary."
";3"
"Alone in the dark"
"The odd one out."
"Run white boy RUN!!!!"
"My worst nightmare"
"Boop! Gotcha nose!"
"Boop! Gotcha nose!"
"Stephen Colbert loves Reddit"
"Stephen Colbert loves recursion!"
"Colbert  the redditor"
"I compiled an album of how I feel this fine Friday morning"
"When my link karma hit 25"
"Cow Vs. Girl"
"BIG BEAR DOING THANGS (wat)"
"Big Bear- Doin Thangs [800x796]"
"I'm gonna do it  I'm gonna do it! WOO ...urgh"
"Oh Hi!"
"He isnt sinking any ships anytime soon"
"I'm just slightly too old to get all the Pokemon jokes  but I do remember these damn things..."
"Just found these hidden away in a box"
"I would go back in time just to play with these again..."
"Only 90's kids will remember these. I wish i still had my Slammer....."
"Nice e-reader."
"Nice E-Reader!"
"Books 4 Lyfe"
"Nice pen"
"I.. I have no words.."
"Shaving her Hoohah - Followed by a smart ass journalist ."
"My response to people that say 'my friend did this...'"
"Let my friend borrow my fragile headset  my reaction when he blamed me for breaking it"
"People think I have a secret to getting good grades in college. I do. It's called..."
"My reaction to reddit's lack of a cake day reminder."
"Meanwhile  in Germany..."
"German kid riding a cow [x-post from r/germany]"
"'Cuz the power your supplying  Its electrifying."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"'Cuz the power your supplying  Its electrifying."
"Gets me every time."
"The opposite of a cock in a bitch (NSFW?)"
"yo girl  i got somethin' for ya"
"Gifs that made me laugh this year"
"HEY! COME HERE! LET ME SHOW YOU SOMETHING!"
"doggystyle"
"Get in here chicken!"
"Get The Fuck back You Slutty Chicken"
"Rape can be cute"
"Dog picking up chick [gif]"
"Check out the thrust"
"I Get Wet"
"When the levee breaks  I'll lose my sunglasses"
"How not to drive a boat."
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"I'm on a boat!! [First post here]"
"How the cool kids do it"
"How I felt when I was a ten year old."
"So this happened..."
"Don't fuck with this guy."
"WTF is THIS... Man!? Woman!? Vampire!? Liza... And Those Nipples..."
"I must go  my people need me"
"Lolwut"
"Found this in a random subreddit. I think it belongs here."
"Can't. Stop. Looking."
"Science rules"
"Advertisements for my local Science Museum"
"Mussolini's Italian Fascist Party's Headquarters"
"Can I has drinks?"
"Poor Kevin"
"As a current med student  i think &quot;F&quot; sounds about right"
"It's shit like this  med school.."
"A 23-year-old medical student..."
"Boom!"
"An average day on reddit"
"Summing up reddit"
"KITTY"
"Munchkin cat species"
"Why thank you spider-man"
"Instant Affair."
"I went on 9gag to see what all the fuss was about..."
"How i feel browsing /r/new"
"eating Ramen noodle like the man"
"Most Attractive Photo on the Internet? Challenge Accepted"
"oh god  oh god  oh god"
"This is what happens when I feel morbid"
"The best argument for God. Suck it! Atheists!"
"This is my first post  but what the fuck am I looking at?"
"What is this  I don't even.... What? I've read this 15 times  and I still don't understand..."
"Makes about as much sense as another creationist argument."
"I wish I could get this for my birthday"
"&quot;The plane is an ACCESSORY&quot;"
"like a bus"
"Get out of my way!"
"Bitch  I do what I want"
"Like a bus"
"Driving home when you have to poop really bad"
"Just drove through traffic in New York... This can't explain it any better"
"I ... what the fuck?"
"What is this I don't even..."
"Thats enough internet for today."
"Yes  I will put this right here.."
"Predator + monkey = this."
"WTF ROOTS---definition"
"In my friends health textbook"
"Oppa Ganglamb Style"
"Oh my god...this gives a whole new meaning to the Dark Knight Triology"
"Monkey riding a pig!"
"I think I might break the Internet with this one."
"Build Dare (cazy ass building in kuwait"
"Friday"
"This is now my favorite gif ever."
"Gangnam Style."
"OP Gamnan Style"
"Gangnam style!"
"These 2 are made for each other"
"A long weekend you say...."
"All I can say is WTF!? [NSFW]"
"Nightmare Fuel"
"Yea  cause that will help LOADS..."
"Oh  Obama"
"Couldn't help but think this when I saw it. Get 'em Mr. President!"
"This is what happens when you FUCK a SQUIRREL in the ASS  Larry."
"This is what happens when you FUCK a SQUIRREL in the ASS  Larry."
"Happy 22nd birthday Deacon!!!"
"Rebellious foster kitten escapes infirmary"
"oh haiiiiii (Caturday gif)"
"Perseverance (x-post from r/aww) - Motivation from the most unlikely of places"
"Found this while looking through google images....apparently it's the result of a polar bear attack...NSFW"
"Saw this on FB. Foot meets polar bear. NSFL"
"Well this must have been excruciating.."
"Not sure if french"
"French or Fry?"
"The reason why i'm good at math. Fucking loved this game."
"GURLL..."
"Gotta have me some sprinkles"
"If this isn't the best GIF  I don't know what is."
"Tornadas and nipples"
"Take Me Out to the Ball Game."
"Thawkward moment when you... Just Can't..."
"Astronaut Problems.."
"*Cringe*"
"Houston  We Have A Problem..."
"I felt very  very small - Neil Armstrong"
"Oh hey there big boy..."
"Natural Selection?"
"dude? get hits by van"
"dane cook's career"
"Undeniably true."
"Photography"
"Saw the picture of Mario characters on bikes. My buddies ride a little lower."
"The Five Stages of Incessant Pop Music"
"Stalin Mario"
"Weekend"
"Safety Dog."
"Dog Like Jagger"
"How I Dance in Reality"
"I shouldn't giggle as a grown man  as I did after I made this."
"When I don't know anone at a small party"
"'The most attractive photo on the internet' [x-post from r/pics]"
"most attractive photo on the internet? I have one problem with that title."
"Classy photo with incredible centerpiece. (r/pics)"
"Front and centre!"
"What's wrong with Jake Gyllenhaal's hands?"
"Cursor disco dance party"
"How i feel as a guy when people see me crossing my legs in public"
"Like he gives a fuck"
"That's one way to get money in the South"
"Texas is making new millionaires every day."
"seen on my facebook news feed"
"If a Blue Shell had a mind of its own"
"Somebody kidnapped first place"
"Elephant prosthesis"
"It even has fake toe-nails to help him fit in with the other elephants."
"Train track tunnel made purely out of trees; surreal."
"Hard at work..."
"WTF  how often does she do this  they are huge."
"I present to you...the 3 sheep murder chair."
"Just a sheep armchair.."
"Just thought this might do good here(first post in WTF)"
"i GUESS it looks comfy...."
"PBF Comics always are a good pick me up...until I realized I would be that first guy..."
"Mind Blown"
"Mind Blown"
"Do you pee in the shower?"
"What a lovely horse. Wait.... Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit"
"FENTON! FENTON!"
"jewish puppet show"
"Calling bullshit"
"How I feel about half of these 'I found this kitten In a trashcan' posts."
"Wait  what? He didn't get any love in r/pics?"
"When someone on the Internet claims their IQ is 140"
"This gif always makes me smile"
"Let's call someone..[gif]"
"When my friend says his friend showed him 30 grams of weed in a school bathroom."
"Trying to get through to Paul Ryans office."
"&quot;Hey look at this cat i rescued&quot;"
"When I'm looking for my phone.."
"Here let me get the wrinkles out for you."
"Here let me get the wrinkles out for you x/posted to r/aww"
"My cat has a unique pupil. The veterinarian has never seen anything like it."
"Redditor bio-engineers a new breed of cat to have one pupil mimic a star"
"Itachi's first choice for Shisui's eye (xpost from pics)"
"My unique Reddit cat."
"My cat has a unique pupil. The veterinarian has never seen anything like it."
"I wanna sharing with u"
"No matter how hard you try."
"No matter how hard you try. [x-post from /r/funny]"
"My friends new fb profile pic"
"A Message From Diddy"
"Get well soon!"
"Come on baby light my fire!"
"Being from Louisiana  when I put a liberal comment on my friends conservative facebook status."
"Firestarter."
"I want to be a bunny rabbit [x-post /funny]"
"Earth as Art: The Most Beautiful Landsat Satellite Images"
"There's only one way to find that out."
"Literally taste that bad."
"fuck spiders"
"Itsy Bitsy One more time"
"Along came a spider..."
"Fuck bug spray."
"It's a baby walrus. With a moustache. In a bucket."
"My Costume: Fantasy Football"
"Why is this so cool to me?"
"When i see Olympic dives..."
"Jim Gaffigan asks life's deep questions."
"Either Redbox reads every tweet written about them  or they're only stalking me."
"Valid concern."
"I like the way this man thinks."
"Reddit  you must LOVE Mark Leggett (TV Composer / Comedian)"
"All I see are boobs. (SFW)"
"Aaron Paul is great"
"BUUUUUUURRNNNN!!!!!"
"BUUUUURRNN!!!!"
"Bilingual Mayor"
"How surprise party's feel for Lindsay Lohan"
"Let's just say he had a woody"
"Kung Fu Fighting"
"How not to impress a girl at a frat party."
"What's going on here? KaPow!!!"
"Nailed it"
"Drop it."
"My reaction to &quot;the talk&quot;"
"My reaction when the title of a post doesn't match the content..."
"Tom Hardy being the hybrid of Sir and Boss"
"Groovy"
"Who said it: Mitt Romney or Mr. Burns?"
"Romney or Burns"
"Mitt Romney vs. Mr. Burns. Whose quote is whose?"
"Burns vs Romney"
"Who said it: Montgomery Burns or Mitt Romney?"
"Well that can't be good.."
"Can anyone explain this? I don't know if it's real or not."
"You know  for science."
"Tube....right."
"Men In The Baby Food Department"
"A Snapshot From Mountaineer’s Life"
"Found this on my Facebook newsfeed..."
"that's just not sanitary"
"Mario Gives no Fucks"
"Mario does not give a fuck"
"Mario doesn't care very much"
"Ash Kimchum"
"The True Pokemon Master"
"Was working on a project about North Korea  when all of the sudden..."
"Gotta Nuke 'Em All"
"Douchebag used Brick. It's super effective!"
"The real photobomb"
"Epic Photo Bomb"
"Photo bomber level: Supreme master!"
"Me Dancing to Dubstep"
"Throwback hyphy"
"My neighbors cat..."
"This is exactly why I never tell anyone at work that my degree is in IT."
"Good thing the imgur server isn't like this"
"How I felt as a kid watching Bill Nye"
"More science than atheism  but in any case one of the best .gif's ever."
"My Greatest Fear as a child"
"HIFW the G.F starts undressing"
"Martian Sunrise"
"Sunset on Mars (photobomb version)"
"Please tell me someone remembers this game"
"Kombat Style"
"Taking picture with nokia 3310"
"Cyanide and Happiness delivers again."
"Chinese what now?"
"Chinese Broccoli"
"On my feed. Thought it belonged here."
"Kittens Chasing A Laser"
"EA wants Minecraft on Origin  you say?"
"My reaction every time I visit this subreddit"
"Urkel Informer"
"Long Exposure Photobomb"
"Forever Alone...[x-post from r/aww]"
"Is just too much Love."
"Dust 514 beta is a huge let down. So here's a little happiness."
"Someday..."
"Dream Big"
"that fucker came out of nowhere!"
"If you park like this fuck you."
"Tonbridge  England"
"How it feels going through reddit on a bad day"
"This is how I feel when browsing r/all on a crappy day on Reddit"
"Whenever I browse /r/all and realize that reddit is terrible"
"Parenting win/fail?"
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"One year guys  you've helped me so much when I needed it. Have some kittens."
"BASKET-O-KITTENS"
"The observable universe"
"Earth's Location in the Universe. X-Post from r/wtf"
"The only ten commandments i follow."
"DOG RULES"
"10 Canine Commandments"
"I got it  I got it..... Fuck"
"Bounce!!"
"Yip yip yip yip yip BOING!"
"To the red ball  and BEYOND!! Watch to the end - NOT A REPOST! I modified the original gif."
"This is how I feel realizing that today is my cakeday thinking that I had another day to come up with something acceptable."
"Me when I left Facebook after discovering reddit."
"Well  after that opening display  Romney gets all of my British self-righteousness. All of it."
"FTFY naysayers"
"A taxidermist is given the skin and bones of a lion. The only problem is  it's the mid 18th century and he has never actually SEEN a lion. This is the hilarious result."
"18th century taxidermy."
"When i got my first computer."
"Reddit's* sense of humor"
"Don't you hate it when someone farts while you're eating? This guy does."
"Need more cute otter pics?"
"oooooh damn  this watermelon is a touch on the tart side"
"The DUMBEST parents around!"
"I'm gonna do one..."
"I'm gonna do one..."
"Sometimes life just feels like this [Repost]"
"Why you don't have kids"
"Surprise  We Got YOU!"
"Henry's drug addiction finally uncovered!"
"Henry has a bit of a problem..."
"I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE"
"My favorite gif"
"Yer a wizard Henry [FIXED]"
"When Google changes their search page"
"Cute spider. That's right."
"Such a happy little bugger."
"How could anyone want to set fire to this little guy? Just look at that face! (WARNING picture of spider!)"
"I see you've been reposting"
"The Extinction of the Thesaurus"
"Obama + Harry potter = Hitler sonic x10"
"The greatest ad ever"
"Jesus Tap-Dancing Christ!"
"What the internet has really come down to"
"The Battle Rages"
"these hips don't lie"
"If you park like this.. i hate you."
"My thoughts on Hostess going out of business..."
"Meanwhile  in walmart..."
"The Cutest Gif i've Seen (Repost)"
"Kitty Warrior"
"Martial Arts Kitty"
"Too much cute"
"Too cute for just r/aww"
"The Simpsons' lives in one image"
"Let me try it..."
"RE: Shirt off? It's on [seems to be a thing!]"
"This .gif explains America"
"Dammit Al-Qaeda"
"I had fun once."
"Horses gonna horse!"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters......... Gonna Hate"
"Haters gonna..."
"Every Winter"
"That's not what you should do."
"Biodiversity of the world in one infographic!"
"This is what happens when you spend $20 on a tattoo. . ."
"Teach me how to Duckie. Teach me  teach me how to Duckie."
"Ice swan  baby!"
"How I feel when black guys say I can dance [FIXED]"
"Mixed this GIF with a matching song and can't stop laughing"
"WOOT"
"Why I don't look after little kids"
"A day in the park"
"Why I don't look after both kids at the same time"
"Badass dad..."
"Blastoise  Use Hyper-beam!"
"You guys have probably seen this one  but it makes you smile nonetheless."
"The most disturbing thing I have seen all day"
"This is the most disturbing thing I've seen all day"
"Bite the pillow."
"FIRST CAKEDAY!"
"Can someone please explain this?"
"A stroll in the park."
"This fat wiener was on TV this morning. (SFW)"
"Jim Lahey is a real G."
"Friday coming home.[Fixed]"
"Fuck da Police"
"My first attempt at one of these..."
"It's Friday mother fuckers"
"Dis place be BAWLIN!"
"And to think  a white person wrote this review"
"Soaping the Invisible Man dick was not enough! Now Redditor freezes Invisible Man dick to acquire more karma!"
"Stumbling into r/beatingwomen"
"Going to 4chan late at night"
"My reaction to Finals."
"My face when I realize I'm still logged into my works Youtube/ Imgur accounts whilst browsing /WTF"
"Deer wants to make friends!"
"My Heart Just Melted"
"My Heart Just Melted"
"Cute cat having a little fawn..."
"Firing a gun underwater"
"Gunshot underwater."
"Awesome."
"Faster  faster!"
"Classic."
"Still a better love story than Twilight"
"The biggest tower I've ever seen. (NSFW)"
"oh  you know  just a radio tower."
"Jizz in my pants"
"Jessica Alba provides instant relief... (SFW)"
"Exactly what I would do if Jessica Alba licked my finger."
"You gotta lick it."
"Something wicked this way comes"
"Saw this on FB. Well  that escalated quickly."
"Best. Error. Message. EVER"
"Error message cuteness..."
"Proof!"
"This is no way to get a head in life"
"I just love this gif."
"I don't want anybody else."
"Party Hard!"
"Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! You know what that means…"
"Epic Walrus Time"
"Careless walrus"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"Dance like there's an ass in your pants!"
"Nothing is ever black and white..."
"there's not enough love for cows on this subreddit.."
"Every time I figure out how to make a new dish..."
"For pre-teens into pre-bondage"
"One way secure your beef...."
"Meanwhile  in South Dakota..."
"If I won the lottery this would be the first thing I would do."
"The sad story"
"My friend's brother rational on who to vote for!"
"Snoop Lion's list of Presidential characteristics"
"Snoop Dogg makes a chart explaining who he's voting for."
"20 Reasons Snoop Dogg is voting for Obama and Against Romney"
"rain &amp; cloud seen from a plane [pic]"
"Everyone loves a good rainstorm."
"This is how rain looks from a plane"
"Yo Dawg I heard you liked Toms..."
"I just... Well... just..."
"When I find those surprise NSFW gifs"
"Never again will I click the random button..."
"The first time I ever saw boobs on the internet"
"When my brother eats the last slice of pizza"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Steam sales coming soon  I'm training right now"
"Girlfriend broke up with me Wednesday. This will be me at the bar tonight."
"Solid upbringing so far."
"This made me laugh harder than it should have..."
"Fronds"
"Fronds..."
"And not a single fuck was given"
"Not Even One Lonesome Fuck Was Given"
"Puking like a Boss"
"This is the future for Melbourne  Australia"
"Magneto Found"
"when the school band leaves the harp unattended."
"The fuck is this?"
"I played this stinking sprinkler like a harp from hell"
"Soo yeah..."
"AC130 gunship deploying flairs AKA &quot;Angel of Death&quot;"
"Worst placed drinking fountain."
"Worst Placed Drinking Fountain [FIXED]"
"An even worse placed drinking fountain!"
"Well then that's misleading."
"Sweet dreams are made of these"
"Yogurt?"
"She's made of ice cream...eating herself?"
"No brain freeze?..."
"The icing on the cake"
"Why can't I?"
"The most terrifying Last Supper  ever"
"Step right up  step right up. Gals  guys  name them all and win a prize. (disclaimer: no prize)"
"Lvl. 100 Pikachu"
"A level 100 pikachu?"
"Christian Pokemon (x post from r/gaming)"
"((X-Post from /r/pokemon)) Christian Pokemon Rules"
"A Tiger getting scared by a bird!"
"ya  your just a big pushover"
"I just don't know man..."
"I just don't know man..."
"Introspective Pug"
"Lmao"
"Haha"
"Anyone know this guy or where this photo came from?"
"This guy needs to be found! [NSFAL]"
"Help spread this pathetic piece of shit's picture so he will be found and hopefully shot."
"Anyone recognize this dude?"
"Just Popped Up In My Facebook Feed [NSFW: Animal Cruelty  no gore]"
"This showed up on my facebook feed. What in the actual fuck? Screw this guy"
"Really!!!! WTF....... and FUC* this guy!"
"Who is this fucking douche bag"
"Help bring this dogs abuser to justice"
"Will someone punch him back?"
"Do you know this sick fuck?"
"↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A"
"That's not fun at all"
"How I feel watching someone dumb get called on in class"
"How I felt browsing /r/politics these past two days"
"My ex got pregnant with her new boyfriend. She's 16  and her parents have no clue. It just hit facebook."
"When an asshole replies to my comment and everyone starts downvoting their reply."
"Take that  Mom!"
"Well would ya look at that"
"Sometimes You Feel Like a Nut..."
"Sometimes You Feel Like a Nut [X-Post /r/funny]"
"What I'm wearing before the club. How do I look?"
"What kind of inhuman monster would want to club this?"
"Cutest little thing I have ever seen!"
"Every Time!"
"It's ok reddit. Our long national nightmare is over. We can finally start rebuilding. Here is a humorous image to get started."
"Quadruplets: can you tell them apart?"
"Asian parents: doin' it right"
"How to tell them apart."
"Quadruplets' Parenting level: Genius"
"That's what I call effective parenting."
"Quadruples problem  solved."
"Awww baby got some new socks."
"A card my friend received in hospital after being stabbed on a night out"
"Fonzie card"
"Canadian Snape"
"Sleepy time!"
"Arnensee Lake  Switzerland"
"The daily delivery to the internets"
"Tom Cruise everybody"
"Post-Sandy kindness of strangers in Manhattan"
"Yeah that sums it up pretty well"
"Not sure super lucky or playing with super noobs"
"Role reversal"
"Anders? Blake? Adam? Is that you?"
"Leaving work on Friday"
"How I feel farting in a shopping isle"
"The problems of our generation."
"Faroe Islands"
"guys my arm is itchy"
"Free bike"
"Best friends in school photos"
"Best Buddies"
"I have nothing to say...."
"How I feel when I leave work early on Fridays"
"5PM On a Friday"
"HE CANT STOP!"
"blast beat go!"
"A Viking Samurai?"
"le techno viking wants SATISFACTION."
"Not the best idea?"
"A man holds up his gigantic Tibetan Mastiff during a dog show in Shenyang  China"
"A man holds up his gigantic Tibetan Mastiff during a dog show in Shenyang  China"
"A man holds up his gigantic Tibetan Mastiff during a dog show in Shenyang  China"
"How most Christians feel after visiting r/atheism"
"How congress views the internet."
"When I'm in an argument and Reddit tells me 'You are doing that too much. Try again in ** minutes'.."
"How to:"
"I don't know why I think this is so hilarious  but I do."
"Still undoubtedly my favorite picture on the internet."
"The moment when you get a better grade than expected"
"A view of the Milky Way from Mars."
"A breathtaking view of the Milky Way from Mars"
"View of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars. Absolutely breathtaking."
"Beautiful picture of the Milky Way from Mars"
"Forgive my naiveness... is this real?"
"Egyptian protesters wearing Guy Fawkes masks posing in front of the US embassy"
"I don't think V would support them..."
"I'm an American"
"I'M AN AMERICAN"
"Of course I'm free."
"Reddit."
"Cat + Drugs"
"Sasha Grey vs. Golden Retriever"
"Meanwhile in Brazil"
"Rio's Cristo Redentor gets an updated look."
"This has to be my favorite Jesus statue."
"The people in Rio are going to be pissed."
"The restoration goes wrong nowadays"
"STOP!"
"America  you're doing it wrong"
"Arrghh"
"This is a Stickup"
"The truffle shuffle can stop anything!"
"tearing away the social fabric"
"Rejected"
"Monkey Orchid - A flower that truly looks like it's name"
"Eating like a boss."
"Bill cosby loves his meals."
"Alison Brie Holding a Kitten. Did I win Reddit?"
"50 shades of ruined childhood"
"&quot;We make a mean team my Adidas and me...&quot;"
"Good thing some one is in there to help her look!"
"For all of you that blithely toss around &quot;Challenege Accepted &quot; the guantlet has been thrown."
"Go home  airport  you're drunk!"
"&quot;The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.&quot;"
"You know you did it right when you get one of these on your car"
"Once you see it...."
"What a nice r.. OH GOD NO"
"Hardcore trolling [gif]"
"This is why I would NEVER take part in a trust exercise on school camp."
"I ate chicken  not salmon  dude."
"I hate chicken not salmon..."
"I ate chicken  not salmon  dude"
"The only acceptable Grumpy Cat shirt design"
"Thank you to whoever made this picture. Its my wallpaper at work now."
"Role reversal"
"So I'm moving out of Florida in three days."
"Doug  the badass"
"Epic!"
"My favorite &quot;fuck this&quot; gif"
"Left my underpaid admin job after 5 miserable years today."
"Logically  this koala is a cool guy."
"Afternoon nap."
"Kitty Snuggles"
"The World According To Ron Swanson"
"I hate it when people waste my time"
"I hate it when people waste my time (FIXED)"
"Stunning sunset of Mt. Rainier casting a shadow on the clouds."
"Monday"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"This kills the crab"
"Like I Give A Fuck [GIF]"
"Ultimate badass"
"I've lurked /b/ for 6+ years  this is how I feel about posts regarding r/spacedicks."
"and the bad ass award of the year goes to..."
"Hong Kong Night Skyline"
"Shout! Kitty"
"Hamster eating broccoli om nom nom"
"Om nom nom nom"
"Nigel Hamsterberry"
"The Best Age Verification Test of All Time and It Also Depresses Me..."
"Age-Verification Win"
"only 16 years or older"
"HIFW I don't get to eat lunch."
"Aww  how cute!"
"Penis Math"
"Wtf japan!!"
"I typed in &quot;WTF&quot; into Google and was not disappointed."
"I love how she still has the glasses on!"
"Oh she'll come back. They always come back."
"Stone cold chillin'"
"How I think of Reddit's relationship to cats"
"dafuq is this little creature?"
"(xpost from r/pics) &quot;Photo I took of the Chicago skyline from a beach in Indiana.&quot; [3 421 × 2 281]"
"Mashup of r/wallpaper and /r/nocontext pics for my cakeday."
"A dump I've been working on for my cakeday. A /r/wallpaper and /r/nocontext WTF mashup."
"A cakeday pic mashup. I originally posted this to the wrong subreddit. Enjoy"
"Chicago skyline seen from Indiana."
"White people..."
"1 huge NOPE and a bunch of little nopes"
"I don't know how i would react if this fell on top of my face when i'm sleeping."
"Got teddy..."
"It just can't get any cuter"
"Cwtch"
"Weather getting crazy in Iceland"
"I know this might be nothing compared to hurricane Sandy but the weather in Iceland is going mental"
"I don't know what all this Sandy commotion is all about  pretty regular weather here in Iceland."
"Dali in the zone."
"Can someone explain this to me?"
"Really Cool Optical Illusion"
"That's wonderful ... oh shit! (x-post from r/trees)"
"Aqueduct Made From Ships"
"Aqueduct made from ships [pic] x-post from r/frisson"
"When I hear Mitt Romey flat out lying during a speech"
"OBEY"
"All Glory to the Hypnotoad"
"I've been waiting a year to post this"
"Boulder  CO"
"Spontaneous Wingman of the Year [fb]"
"Spontaneous Wingman of the Year [fb] [x post from r/funny]"
"TF2 MvM update summed up"
"What being downvoted feels like."
"If only I could make an entrance as smooth as this guy..."
"Pizza breathing."
"How I feel about karma"
"Looks great on a tombstone"
"A beautiful start to the day"
"Anarchy"
"The Effects of Meth"
"My favorite Colbert gif (disco dance)"
"when my boss asks me to &quot;follow him into his office&quot;"
"This would have been a more interesting Music Video..."
"What the Food Channel is like when you're hungry."
"Ladies"
"It's FRIIIIDAY!"
"So it's my Reddit birthday....."
"How I feel when I get to a thread and no one has said what I wanted to."
"Whenever I come across a NSFW post on r/funny (SFW)"
"When the internet finally starts working again..."
"Duckling attacking"
"Run for your lives!"
"Duckling Attack x-post from r/gifs"
"Weekend  here I come!!!"
"When I see free samples at Costco"
"Firsthand view of what it's like to be attacked by a duckling"
"Trippy kitty!"
"Trippy kitty!"
"Still an animal [gif+sound]"
"Trippy Kitty"
"Saw this on r/woahdude... seriously though ... woah dude... [4]"
"Trippy the cat"
"Moar..."
"Drop it! [gif]"
"No witty title available..."
"I think he saw some chicken"
"Skull kid"
"Makes me laugh every time"
"DAT'S WUTS UP."
"No this is not a new SimCity screenshot... it's Dubai from space !"
"5000 x 4043 pixels: Dubai  United Arab Emirates  on 4 January 2012"
"Cat owners can't even throw their karma away..."
"Let us travel back in time..."
"Sitting back watching my posts... Hell yea I got upvoted."
"How I feel in my truck when a small car tailgates me."
"Watching people argue on Facebook."
"How I feel after discovering TED talks"
"if you have a insect phobia this will fuck up your day[nsfw] maybe cause it's gross"
"Hey doc  my bandage is a little itchy (NSFL)"
"Dirty Harry [Fixed]"
"Hmm..."
"&quot;Hey  there's no information about killing birds in here!&quot;"
"On ya  Stevo!"
"bacon"
"Figured Reddit would like this. I sure do!"
"A friend just posted this to FB. I instantly thought of you guys. Happy Friday  everyone!"
"How to flip a table like a gentleman"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"How I feel when I see something on the front page that I've seen months ago.."
"My favorite table flip."
"That's one way to quit your job!"
"(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻"
"(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻"
"In a legitimate pushing  your body would shut out all the water!"
"RIP Jerry Nelson"
"Naked Bear"
"Bold Bear"
"hairless bear"
"I see your shaved bunny and raise you a shaved bear."
"God Hates Figs"
"OMFG you guys "
"What a great deal!"
"Realistic Popeye"
"At least it wasn't his knee... Apparently the guy survived."
"Tomato"
"Gabe Newell portrait"
"That should teach you a lesson"
"This would be me teaching a kid to ride a bike."
"Reddit Parenting"
"I got you little buddy...pedal pedal pedal  and GO!"
"Vicious Bear Attack"
"That's a very nice church poster you have there..."
"Puppy dog face."
"Chewbacca Puppy"
"I think I'll call him Snuggles."
"Adorable overload."
"Old heros for a new generation"
"This goat is having the time of it's life"
"Browsing reddit after a gap of 5 days"
"Courage Wolf vs. Insanity Wolf"
"Sparring Wolves"
"Nom"
"The superhero Reddit deserves."
"The superhero Reddit deserves."
"The longer I look at it  the harder I laugh"
"The only first world problem I care about"
"it took me more times than i would like to admit  to try to stop reloading this picture."
"Isn't it fun to be a part of this? - Imgur"
"FTFY"
"Where all the Americans went to check whether the world has ended or not after they woke up..."
"Crap. What am I going to do now?"
"Wouldn't this be far more realistic if it was a pile of downvotes?"
"Some time's ill just stare at it..."
"Quickly  F5 is our only option!"
"Reddit is under heavy load right now [FIXED]"
"The time when I get things done."
"Yep  a very productive Friday afternoon on the Eastern seaboard"
"Reddit Under A Heavy Load"
"Cool Pythagorean Theorem Demo"
"Neat demonstration of the Pythagorean Theorem [gif]"
"Cool Pythagorean Theorem Demo [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Golden Arches"
"a prodigy"
"[X-Post] Start 'em young!"
"Karate (X-post from r/gifs)"
"GIF makers/editors - Can one of you give this the Street Fighter 2 treatment?"
"Girl learns to toss dad around at a young age"
"This is how I feel when my co-workers joke with each other in their own language."
"Explain this one  O'Reilly."
"Bird Making Pasta"
"me looking at the taco bell menu at 3am.."
"Me  when facing frontpage full of blue links"
"I post on Reddit. I leave the house for a couple hours. I come back. 500 upvotes. My Exact Reaction:"
"Me realizing the ropes around the ring that I am in are made of licorice"
"How I feel when I slip and barely manage to catch myself"
"I'm not out to my parents yet  but I think they might be onto me considering I look like this during any Olympic men's aquatic event."
"Every time I see a Facebook fight erupt"
"when i dodge a red shell in mario kart"
"Reddit I just submitted my final year honours dissertation- this picture pretty much sums up how I feel!"
"Happy little cat."
"enjoy yourself"
"Little kitty loves the camera"
"Happy Cat!"
"Doing a research paper  how the f*** did I get here!?!??"
"Manbearpig-bear= Tool"
"150+ wallpapers. Enjoy. Other albums in comments."
"100+ wallpapers I've collected in 3 years on Reddit. Enjoy. More albums in comments."
"Atomic Water Splash"
"Kitty firefighter"
"The single most racist gif I have ever seen"
"OMNOMNOM"
"How I feel after a girl unfriended me on facebook just because I commented something friendly on her status"
"When I text all my friends asking what they are doing on Friday night  and getting no response."
"When no one texts me back."
"When I'm waving to someone and they see me but don't wave back"
"Whenever I send someone a text and they don't respond..."
"I just made my first reddit post  and someone commented!"
"How I felt when I picked up my last paycheck from an awful job."
"Aerial view Barcelona"
"Now this is equality!"
"Same height party"
"Aww what a nice family photo... Wait a minute!!"
"&quot;Hey i kinda like you&quot;"
"Roofing. Get it?"
"overly manly man times two"
"Screw /r/seduction  this is the best way to pick up chicks!"
"LPT: How to pick up chicks"
"How to pick up chicks"
"How I feel making a guy orgasm...response to reversed post"
"Ready for school?"
"Cave Explorer"
"Just got back from chasing my neighbors dog  who i'm dogsitting  through the entire neighborhood. Sums up pretty well what it was like."
"When my GF's fundie mother invites me to her crazy Baptist church"
"I googled &quot;pure awesomeness&quot; and this was the first thing..."
"The original downvoter"
"Good day to you  sir!"
"German Comic"
"good morning"
"Good day  sir."
"I wonder what his thoughts are?"
"Googled my username  WTF."
"Raising scholars"
"The only convincing you'll need."
"Parenting win"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh"
"Typed Creepiest Man Ever into google and this was the result"
"Yeah... Deep *wink wink*"
"THEY SHOT HIM IN THE FUCKING HEAD."
"The Ultimate Manwich"
"We have a serious problem..."
"Something isn't right here"
"Avengers Assemble!"
"A BBC NATURE FAVOURITE WOW! This is an incredible photograph using the latest cutting edge technique of cross polarization!!! MUST SEE MACRO!!! (2048 x 1365)"
"Why i can never be cool"
"When I'm trying to act like a boss"
"How I feel as a new redditor trying to fit in."
"Frogman cracks me up."
"Oh the humanity!"
"Oh the humanity"
"When I logged on to see all the manatee posts"
"Oh I get it!"
"What happens when I leave my 9 year old brother with Photoshop for 10 minutes.."
"Pool Rooin"
"Dog having a fun day at the park"
"Just swinging away..."
"WWE: Convenience store edition"
"Those are mosquitoes"
"Holy F'in NOOOOPPPEEEEEE!"
"I found a photo of my cousin as a baby. I don't think he wanted his picture taken.."
"I found a photo of my cousin as a baby. I don't think he wanted his picture taken.."
"Ridiculously Photogenic Baby"
"A simple scantron test"
"Redditors daily dose"
"Haikus are easy  but sometimes they don't make sense  refridgerator."
"The shit I see on my newsfeed."
"Yet another inbred animal"
"How I feel when everyone around me succeeds and I don't."
"i double dare you"
"Just another day at the slumber party court..."
"Truth or Dare"
"Found this little gem  thought it was great."
"Slumber Party Court"
"Truth or DARE?!"
"Plead guilty  I dare you!"
"Get the London look"
"Squidward's Booty"
"Every picture tells a story"
"Happy couple"
"Such A Happy Couple."
"Found this lovely family photo on facebook..."
"Saaaa-wing and a miss  Waldo!"
"I find this appealing"
"Yes  Quite."
"Whenever I dress nice."
"A Panda being a dick"
"I heard we need more otters"
"Crockydiles can be deceiving"
"1998: Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office"
"this is gonna get me through the next couple hours of work"
"Boop you on the nose!"
"I'm gonna boop your nose. BOOP!"
"Tag  your It."
"Boop!"
"This is how I feel when I upvote things."
"Boop."
"Not something you see every day..."
"Awesome workout..."
"Just a homeless man bench pressing a goose"
"Please tell me this isn't real!"
"I hate tacos..."
"Day 1 of Communist America [FB; x-post r/funny]"
"How I feel leaving work Friday night"
"Awwww Yeahhh! Flowers!!!!"
"I made this my desktop background and it makes me happy every single morning."
"Hulk Hogan.... WTF?"
"Hulkamania is gunna run wild on you.. (possible repost)"
"Hulkamaniacs"
"Found this on /r/funny - &quot;what i REALLY want to say when customers ask &quot;how are you?&quot; after i've been standing on my feet for 8 hours dealing with bullshit&quot;"
"Can anyone tell what's written on the poster?"
"The horror.."
"Must Be Small Then..."
"Meanwhile in India..."
"Don't make me angry bro!"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif"
"This is definitely my favorite Jersey Shore gif."
"I'mma firin' mah..."
"&quot;I am the ding-dang-diddly danger!&quot;"
"&quot;I am the ding-dang-diddly danger!&quot;"
"Breaking Ned"
"Co-worker got this &quot;tip&quot; on his first day as a waiter."
"Co-worker got this &quot;tip&quot; on his first day as a waiter."
"If you do this  fuck you."
"Frog and Toad fight the system!"
"this makes me laugh every time."
"When I googled 'weird ass'  I sure wasn't expecting this"
"I wish you all a very good nightmare"
"It's lunch time"
"He saw it coming and did nothing...just like you're supposed to"
"Show me your moves!"
"This is what happens when two falcon punches connect"
"Just two guys doing the dishes."
"Just a Picture of Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson doing Dishes Together"
"You wash I'll dry."
"Perspective"
"um..."
"This is the picture i used to describe Reddit to my sister. Think it does the sight justice?"
"I Googled house boat. This came up."
"All aboard the S.S. Karma"
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"When I don't make the frontpage..."
"Pink paradise"
"All Damn Day"
"Christians sometimes..."
"Seriously guys."
"Never assume. NEVER. EVER. ASSUME."
"Saw this on facebook"
"Tron Kitteh"
"How I feel when I try to fart subtly and it comes out louder than a car crash."
"When the Google Doodle is not playable."
"Watching My Parents Use The Internet"
"The moment you left-click instead of right-click in Minesweeper."
"In the Ukraine protesters mace the police."
"This is what protesters do to the police in the Ukraine"
"Elf Power"
"Thom Yorke is an Angry Bird"
"After I &quot;fix&quot; my Dad's computer by simply removing the spamware."
"Warning: Due to overfeeding  some pidgeons can become aggressive."
"Should've saw that coming..."
"Trigger Happy T.V. anyone?"
"All the poor pigeon wanted was some food."
"do you guys know where....."
"I miss this show"
"Curing cancer in the Pokemon world"
"Revolutionary new cure"
"How To Eat Ramen Like A Boss"
"If you build it  they will come."
"How I feel when discovering a fellow Redditor"
"When I sit by the kid in class that knows what they are doing"
"I was chatting with my new step-brother at my mom's wedding tonight and found out he is a redditor."
"Cat Heaven"
"An 18 wheeler full of fish parts wrecked. (graphic?)"
"18 wheeler full of fish guts wrecked"
"A semi truck in Washington crashed and spilled fish all over the freeway."
"Gotta cap them all!"
"Gotta cap them all! [x-post /r/gaming]"
"Gotta cap them all! [x-post /r/gaming]"
"What are you supposed to be?"
"I'm a panda"
"The Ginger Bread Man"
"Waking Up And Feeling Like a Bad Ass."
"Badassery."
"Pretty much how I felt watching this movie..."
"What I feel like I'm doing whenever the boss walks by my desk on a Friday"
"World's Most Accurate Pie Chart"
"Couple of bad asses debating"
"Yup  that works"
"Pond Steps"
"Prohibited"
"When someone surprises you around a corner."
"My reaction when the Front Page from yesterday gets reposted and makes the Front Page today while I Post Original Content and get downvoted to Oblivion..."
"Nom Nom Nom"
"It's shit like this soccer players (GIF)"
"It's shit like this soccer players (GIF)"
"do a barrel roll bitch!"
"A dog's diary VS a cat's diary"
"A dog's diary VS a cat's diary"
"Day 983 of My Captivity."
"Anyone with a cat and a dog will understand!"
"I'm Just...I'm Just Saying...That Dora Girl"
"I'm Just Sayin..."
"So I was staggering home.."
"no  i got YOUR nose"
"No it's a cardigan but thanks for noticing"
"It's been very cold in the room I work lately. I sent this image to the secretary and titled it  &quot;How I feel working in the IQC department.&quot; She promptly ordered not one but two space heaters."
"As an Australian  this is how I picture &quot;there's 100 degrees out today&quot;"
"I live in South Carolina. In currently visiting friends in Boston where it 60 degrees. This is how I feel right now."
"How it feels going from 95 to 65 degrees in one week in Southern California"
"How I image my fiance's adolescence."
"I had a job interview today and this is how I did. I hope I get it!"
"How I imagine Clint Eastwood's thought process at the RNC."
"Classic R Swanson"
"In honor of MLK day..."
"Flying through Hurricane Katrina"
"Use your iMac everywhere"
"Gossiping Swiss cheese."
"Gossiping Swiss cheese."
"How people are responding to this business with Hostess today."
"In behalf of Hostess going out of business  remember to enjoy the little things."
"Never again  RIP."
"Just a cool animated gif"
"SINCE WHEN...?!"
"Gangnam Style &gt; Swag"
"Everytime."
"Happens to me every night"
"Rosa"
"I dont know about you guys but i would hire this guy in a heartbeat."
"Shut up and give me the job!"
"I'd interview him just for shits &amp; giggles"
"You're hired"
"A resume my friend received in his company."
"Brother was caught pirating and our ISP suspended us for two weeks. Here's me on my first day back."
"Dinning on 50th floor (Waldorf 1930)"
"Funny ad for gym in England"
"I agree."
"My zombie survival plan"
"My zombie survival plan"
"My zombie survival plan"
"When other girls say they don't masturbate."
"IMPOSTER!"
"not sure if repost"
"Best face-slide ever..."
"Wrestling slam called the face slide."
"The wonderful world of midget wrestling"
"Epic power slide!"
"Bulgarian dogs ain't nothin but a bunch of thugs."
"beep beep"
"beep beep [x-post /funny]"
"This dog says fuck you and sticks it to the man!"
"When you realise Reddit doesn't notify you of your cake day  and you miss it."
"&quot;What the fuck is he doing?&quot;   &quot;Dude  I have no idea&quot;"
"A wild Orochimaru appeared!"
"Impossible!"
"Could you name all these Characters?"
"Predictions of what 2011 would be like in a 1911 newspaper."
"Over 100 years ago  a team of the finest minds in the land gathered to try and predict what might happen over the next century. Some great reading."
"Kate Upton"
"The Space Shuttle Over Sacramento"
"Shuttle Endeavour Fly-Over of Sacramento  CA."
"Space Shuttle Endeavour Seen Over Sacramento"
"You're welcome. (NSFW)"
"After thinking something I posted was going to be a splash on Reddit"
"My new sony walkman."
"Dude  casettes don't even....WHAT THE FUUuuuu"
"Ok Reese's  I think this has gone on long enough"
"When you're opening a Reese's cup and the paper decides to be a jerk (x-post from r/pics)"
"so I think I've just found my halloween costume..."
"So this is now a real thing in Denmark"
"Heard of the Dream Team? Well we're the Mean Team! (Yeah yeah  Halloween is over.. Sorry I was drunk)"
"Soda in a parallel universe..."
"Jim Carrey. Dancing. That is all."
"Found this at my brother's &quot;My Pictures&quot; Folder"
"How I feel now that football is back"
"I just had sex"
"How I feel having been upgraded from Friendzone to Fuck Buddy..."
"When I realized it's my first cake day"
"hot coworker told me I looked nice today"
"I was literally doing this leaving the office this Friday evening."
"Suicidal bus uses 'suicide'"
"I...uh...what?"
"Bad Luck Brian's Left Over Halloween Candy"
"Ironman cosplay. Nailed it."
"I have found the holy shithole."
"Right prairie  right time..."
"Supercell Thunderstorm"
"Street Fighter ex plus Obama"
"Wow Obama..."
"KAMEHAME..."
"Barack-amehameha!!"
"Every Politician Ever"
"Whenever I browse Facebook"
"Spidey goes on Facebook (X Post from /r/AdviceAnimals)"
"Obama's AMA"
"Every weekend now that school has started"
"How i feel as the Prophet Muhammad..."
"Since I don't have a first period  this happens quite frequently."
"How I feel as a UC student whose been procrastinating on packing"
"How I feel with all the recent meth posts."
"The real reason why Spiderman wasn't in The Avengers."
"How I felt with no midterms this week"
"What it feels like at work every day"
"And not a fuck was given"
"“Why do my dreams smell like Milk Bone and balls?”"
"Infronta Everybody"
"DAE Miss this or want them to bring it back?"
"I would buy it if they would make it again."
"Meet Ms. Diddles  my footless hamster."
"A good lesbian..."
"Lesbian Love"
"Lick it (NSFL)"
"He's so fast!"
"Searched &quot;monkey drinking wine painting&quot; after seeing the painting....found this"
"Wouldn't it be easier to just buy a holster?!"
"I give you  people magazines sexiest man of the year."
"Anytime I have pins left standing while bowling"
"what your puppy does when you arn't at home."
"i see you guys say yolo and think about this"
"He really doesnt like baths"
"Right after my gf cleans the house and me and my buddies show up"
"Don't make a mess she says..."
"This dog knows how to live free"
"She is so beautiful."
"Someone at work got a good pic of the Shuttle and sent it to the all company email. Here were some of the replies."
"Fat Sonic (x post from /r/gaming)"
"So that's how babies are born!? (NSFW?? Maybe?)"
"Dark Magic."
"Amazing magic trick."
"I ran across this on a random tumblr.. weirdest thing I've seen today... so far.."
"Abracadabra and puff!"
"It's Magic...."
"Kung Fu Panda"
"Kung Fu Panda"
"the real kungfu panda"
"How I feel when a post gets a lot of upvotes [oc]"
"Conan the Ravarian."
"That Smile"
"Stop!"
"How I feel when this gif gets reposted [FIXED]"
"How I feel when this gif gets reposted [FIXED]"
"QT"
"Pretty sure the guy on the left is waiting for the camera to go away so he can resume trying to see her ass."
"My favorite smile on the internet"
"So I heard Reddit likes leggy brunettes..."
"Nobody. Nobody at all."
"This came up on my Facebook homepage"
"Oh boy  3 a.m.!"
"Reminds me of my ex after we had sex..."
"Coming home from college to a fully stocked kitchen"
"So I was searching for a Seinfeld image to create something funny for a friend when..."
"Hi  it's ShamWow with Vince! You'll be saying Vince every time you use this head."
"Please hit me as hard as you can"
"Heeeeeey there."
"We need more foxy foxes..."
"For Seal"
"There was a FIRE FIGHT!"
"haters gonna hate"
"Typical Redditor on a walk..."
"Reddit...Reddit everywere"
"Arnold Schwarzenegger's Truck."
"Just Arnold Schwarzenegger driving his new $250 000 Mercedes Unimog."
"Makes me smile every damn time"
"Somebody lock this guy up."
"Well  okay then.."
"I just found r/debatereligion"
"Me when I see people on Facebook starting an argument about religion..."
"Whenever there's a fight between idiots at school..."
"Anyone else watching the Niagra Falls high wire stunt?"
"HIFW I turn on Maury to when the test results are in."
"dis gon be gud..."
"Whenever someone posts a religious comment on Reddit"
"At the top of a Vista  looking down at people trying to jump in the wrong place. GW2"
"Why Redditors down vote grammatical errors so much"
"Plant whisperer"
"Everything is better with cats. Even raves."
"Welcome to Reddit"
"seriously the best picture on the internet."
"Me trying to get into the Reddit cool club"
"Firefox can't open"
"Let me in!"
"Red Pandas: The funniest of pandas"
"Much more Simple than frowning."
"For those smug wankers who say &quot;Smile!&quot;"
"To the rescue!"
"Captain Obvious"
"When I go to the bathroom the morning after Taco Bell"
"Fuck yeah  cats."
"Fuck yeah cat (r/pics)"
"Louis CK on masturbation"
"Life just isn't fair sometimes..."
"Fixer-upper."
"Romney misspells name in greatest Freudian slip of the election season"
"I think this is entirely appropriate considering the circumstances."
"Oops..."
"Mitt Romney and family representing the subreddit"
"What do you love? Romney spells it out for you  MONEY!!"
"I mean how do you fuck this up? Unless...."
"Romney family misspells own name. Freudian slip?"
"The Romney family misspells their own name in what might be the greatest Freudian slip in US history."
"Yes  we get it  you're rich"
"Like it's better to be forever alone..."
"WTF right now"
"I have a female friend who posts things involving Zelda constantly on FB ..."
"Sarah Palin  really?"
"Whenever I watch car scenes caught on tape"
"So you have a porn collection?"
"Whenever I break down and use a game walkthrough"
"Me in r/awww"
"Counter-Strike: GO Picard"
"CS:GO Picard"
"What I think every time I see a list of updates waiting to be installed on a friends computer"
"How I feel right now"
"Seems like everyone but me"
"When a Doctor Asks If I am Sexually Active When my Mother is in the Room"
"To all you people posting your crazy exam questions..."
"In response to everyone posting pictures of their roadkill"
"The front page today"
"I Feel I May Have Missed Something..."
"What's been going through my mind after browsing on and off all day..."
"I Feel I May Have Missed Something...[FIXED]"
"Every time I see a set of pictures/video with someone holding up signs"
"For real  reddit..."
"They aren't inside pets..."
"I feel like I've missed something important here...[FIXED]"
"My feelings about the front page recently"
"First world problem..."
"How I feel trying to reach the frontpage."
"First World Problems - Cat Edition"
"Almost there!!!"
"Saw it on FB  and have seen the mistake made before.. Does none of you know how to spell LOIS???"
"You better watch who you're calling a child"
"Turbulence."
"airplane vortex"
"sales meeting called off after 45 minute drive  I feel ya Walt."
"The first self-portrait of all time. (Thomas Baker  1917)"
"Fine I'll try your stupid box"
"My God - It's Amazing!"
"It's not flying... It's falling. With style!"
"After debating the issue for a few seconds  Johnson decided that there was  in fact  nothing to do here. [X-Post from r/gifs]"
"To the kids in Bothell yesterday  flashing me hand signs( turns out they were Reddit upvote signs)  we shared a good laugh after I flipped you off. Sorry...From the HILTI guy."
"No  you did not Jesus."
"If only everything were a bit more sphere-shaped..."
"were not the only one with over inflation..."
"Whenever a theist says that god exists."
"Every time someone tells me nothing is going to happen to me but still fucking happens to me."
"To continue..."
"If you havin' baby problems I feel bad for you  son. **Goes strait to heck.**"
"This is exactly what it looks like"
"Caesar raising his future battle-mount."
"Oh you know  just a monkey feeding a baby tiger."
"Cutest freaking....thing...ever"
"theres no doubt about it  the internet will break"
"Just a monkey feeding a tiger"
"Just a boy and his cat."
"Two-year-old chimpanzee &quot;Do Do&quot; feeds milk to &quot;Aorn&quot;  a 60-day-old tiger cub."
"A slight overreaction..."
"Ewok disguise!"
"Spy.. Don't Hurt me..."
"I find these two oddly fitting"
"The TF2 dudes out for a drive"
"Belly swap"
"Cake Day"
"I've been observing and..."
"Nope!"
"Baby hulk!"
"Vowels (Fixed  Yet Again)"
"Vowels (Fixed^3)"
"Vowels (One more to go!)"
"I can't think of a title for this  so... What the fuck?"
"When trying to explain what a meme is."
"How I am in class when I know the answer but I just answered the previous question."
"When that girl you have been having amazing chemistry with casually mentions her boy/girlfriend after 30 minutes."
"&quot;Get off the computer  go outside  get a life&quot; &quot;But I...&quot;"
"When my nephew pulled his pants down and shat on a slide in public"
"Whenever I play Portal 2 co-op with my girlfriend..."
"How I feel when I see an AMA I'd like to ask a question on  but its only been up for 10 minutes and already has over 200 comments."
"As an intellectual  how I feel when people ask me if I like &quot;50 Shades of Grey&quot; or &quot;Jersey Shore&quot; (I DO!)"
"When something I thought was terrible in r/new makes it to #1"
"What are reality tv shows coming to.."
"So so disappointed"
"Exasperating."
"My name is James Tiberius Kirk"
"B-boy baby entrance fail"
"How do you &quot;fuck&quot; that up? [fixed]"
"If you honk..."
"New TSA bulletin"
"&quot;Make one move and I'll let the whole thing blow!&quot;"
"How I feel when there is a bug in my room and I leave and come back and it has disappeared..."
"When everyone agrees to get dessert at the restaurant."
"MFW I'm on the train home for thanksgiving break."
"I walked in on my sister in the shower this morning"
"I see your squirrel eating a bird  and raise you a kitten eating a rabbit.."
"What a sweet lil kitt....aw hell nah!"
"Damnit  now where am I going to go?"
"Puppy under the effects of Chernobyl radiation"
"Ain't no puppy like a Chernobyl puppy"
"A molting cicada."
"Why are they teal?"
"Cicada Shedding its Shell."
"All was purple. Decided to check out 9gag for the first time."
"Gets me everytime"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"Had to look twice!"
"This is maybe"
"Call me"
"slapstick is the real deal  man."
"How I spend my Friday nights..."
"After Finals are done..."
"We do what we like and we like what we do"
"Party Hard!"
"Party Hard."
"When I listen to my favorite song in the car"
"It's the weekend... you know what that means."
"How I'm spending my cake day"
"This is me on friday nights... #ForeverAlone"
"Needs no description"
"Party Hard!"
"How to tell if something is HTML5 or not.."
"NOPE"
"Tube Bear"
"This guy loves his tube"
"TUUUUUBE"
"Today is &quot;National French Fry Day&quot;. Is this correct?"
"It's National French Fry Day!"
"First i've ever seen one  I'm not racist"
"My life is complete"
"Do you see what i see ?"
"You what? Come here and say that!"
"Average game of baseball..."
"You can't trust those monkeys.."
"Game of rape?"
"That's the spirit..."
"Yer a creeper Harry"
"Terrorists ..."
"This is the real reason you should sleep with a teddy bear"
"Why you should always sleep with a Teddy bear"
"They always kept us safe.."
"Still one of my favorite pictures on the internet."
"The best of friends"
"Mr. Potter..."
"Vicks"
"So we're obsessed with a picture of a girl with a pushup bra and a low cut shirt. What the fuck am I missing that makes this so special?"
"Redditing without realizing that you aren't logged in"
"Bullshit! I am very this lucky!"
"What the fuck man?"
"What the fuck did that guy just do? (x-post from r/funny)"
"I wonder how it must have tasted."
"By conquering the sky  Vladimir Putin has conquered our hearts"
"putin ridin le crane"
"OM NOM NOM CARROT"
"Go ahead... You deserve it."
"Spiderman takes the escalator"
"My co-worker Ieesha"
"the dance that goes with every song"
"don't disturb Cleveland's calibrations"
"I don't even like Skrillex"
"And here is your tea!"
"That father-son relationship"
"Yep  I'm going to bed [NSFW]"
"PedoBear Girls"
"Spiky things can be cute too!"
"Cutest looking lizard"
"Submit your best animated gif of someone dancing. .gifparty commence!"
"r/atheism right now"
"Bush Thriller"
"What it was like having only interns in the office today"
"What it was like only having interns in the office today"
"Next Friday is my last day with the company I've been at for the last 6 years. Here's how I feel about emails in my final week."
"It's Unnatural!"
"Words of wisdom  as seen on my FaceBook feed."
"Who's unnatural now?"
"[NSFW] I'm lost for a title here."
"Just when I think I've run out of sites to browse  the internet God blesses me with a new one."
"How Canadian"
"Canadian bike!"
"Oh Canada..."
"freaks me out every time I see this episode 0_0"
"Bus seats"
"Gentlemen..."
"We need a new design!"
"Just one loop more..."
"George Lucas' newest addition to Star Wars"
"Ewoks are very...friendly."
"What the actual fuck"
"Dream home"
"black people..."
"How I feel whenever I browse /r/new"
"Giant Salamander"
"The greatest threat to western civilization"
"From /r/Trees"
"WE SO EXCITED!"
"Think I'm going to hell for making this?"
"I have been taught CPR completely wrong..."
"I'll definitely try this next time someone is choking."
"Well I guess I learned CPR wrong."
"How to perform CPR"
"And here's a picture of Abraham Lincoln riding a bear"
"WTF! odd animated gif..."
"Jackie Chan vs Sauron aka Story of my life"
"Jackie Chan Vs The Eye of Sauron"
"I..can't....stop...laughing"
"Me when I'm called on in class"
"That look you get when you have an epiphany"
"I want to play a game."
"When the professor calls on me as I'm daydreaming..."
"Double NOPE !"
"......................what?"
"noOOoo!!"
"Fox McCloud is down!"
"DAMN YOU ANDROSS! DAMN YOU TO HELL!"
"Fox is down!"
"RAAAAAAAWR!"
"NO  NO  NO  NO! PLEASE  NO!"
"To the Tune of Call Me Maybe"
"Here's the bright side... It's not a baby!"
"Not all manatees have achieved overlord status"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"I laughed so hard"
"According to my calculations..."
"Professor Dog."
"Where rainbows come from"
"The terrible terrible truth."
"So that's how they work!"
"Genius."
"After Finally Gaining More than One Link Karma..."
"I Have No Idea What I'm Doing"
"Uh oh."
"*self explanitory*"
"Trippin..."
"Unique marketing strategy"
"Fo Fuk's Sake"
"sake cares"
"I love Parks &amp; Recreation."
"How I feel downvoting something on the front page"
"Anyone still waiting for a sequel to this."
"This game needs a sequel!"
"Too much catnip"
"When you see it"
"Hipster Icecube"
"This is the saddest thing I've ever seen."
"It's hard out here for a kitty...."
"Just a kitten with a broken arm"
"Broken arm"
"Every time I see a repost"
"When my Link is Downvoted Within the First 20 Seconds"
"LETTUCE!!!1!!!!1! [PIC]"
"O M N O M N O M ....om nom nom"
"Just a baby pygmy hippo snacking on some lettuce"
"If only we could find a way to keep it this size... [x-post from /pics]"
"The Happiest Baby Hippo"
"ERMAGERD!! LERTERCE!!"
"Chiller Ipad"
"Saw this at an aquarium"
"truth in a Chinese store's window"
"Finally back home."
"When someone starts telling me the whole story behind their new tattoo:"
"Sleepy"
"Someone is sleepy!"
"Too much cute"
"How I feel after buying $100 worth of gold."
"As a Muslim  I welcome your naked female protesters"
"[FIXED] How I upvote in /r/gonewild"
"Googled &quot;Slender Man&quot; (xpost from /r/WTF)"
"Googled &quot;Slender Man&quot;"
"/r/Gaming in a nutshell"
"r/Naruto's reaction to anything Kakashi related (no spoiler... I don't promise anything about the comments though... Please use spoiler tags if you do)"
"/r/gaming for next few days"
"The heatwave hit everybody pretty hard"
"Working on a Friday before a 3 day weekend."
"How i Feel about the Police"
"Go ahead.."
"Call the cops"
"Round One! FIGHT!"
"those kids who get overly exited at COD x-post from /r/funny"
"Fucking Wizards..."
"Asian photography ... (Who took it first ?)"
"If This Picture Doesn't Blow Your Mind  You Don't Have One."
"Oh  cool. It's a picture in a... wait...wait."
"Can you do this?"
"How does he do this? - Steve Cathey La Costa July 1975"
"Steve Cathey skating. [x-post from r/oldschoolcool]"
"As long as the floor was normal.."
"Lego wall"
"What in the mind fuck is this?!"
"Lego walls!"
"I feel like this gets more relevant every election season..."
"It's my birthday and this pretty much just happened to me."
"Ronald is not amused"
"How I feel trying to get karma on my cakeday"
"my reaction when my bf said Mr.RPG wasnt photogenic"
"Ronald's a dick"
"Some person that I never met posted this to the internet and now I am putting it here. Gave me a laugh."
"She should've known better."
"Start me up!"
"First thing I thought of when I saw this gif"
"Keep Rollin"
"Hypnotising Pencil Sharpening"
"Ready for a miracle?"
"Could Watch This All Day"
"Dude..."
"really high guy meets friend."
"Apparently candy is all that stands between us and the wrath of giant babies..."
"I Had A Nightmare Like This Once"
"Fancy Shark"
"I say."
"I think I can actually feel it..."
"my favourite gif on the internet [FIXED]"
"Touch the rainbow!"
"Touch the rainbow. Taste the rainbow"
"Touch the rainbow!"
"Touch the rainbow"
"Thats one way to tint your windows"
"The best disguise."
"If you really want to help the children..."
"What it looks like when I have to fix people's computers."
"Really Mom?"
"They're all sexy and they know it"
"Not sure if this belongs here..."
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah"
"What its like at work on Friday"
"Can someone explain WHY?"
"show me yo bootyhole"
"Still my favorite gif"
"Krillin's version of taken.."
"Krillin Neeson"
"Taken DBZ"
"When my cellphone goes off and my mom goes to picks it up"
"I told my friend to post something to reddit  and he got a bunch of karma  this is how I feel."
"My friend re-posted me and it hit the front page  now this is what I think of his new found karma."
"It's my shameless karma-whoring day  you know what to do."
"Seeing pizza after a workout."
"Having failed at reaping cake day karma by posting a pic  I'll just resort to a more direct approach."
"umm..."
"007 big head mode inspired Halloween costume"
"Woah  a bumpy road ahead!"
"Bumpy road ahead!"
"Has happened to me before except not with a family member"
"Millions invested in armoury technology and someone manages to pull this off?! LOL"
"When YOLO goes wrong"
"My sister's a high school math teacher. I can't think of a better reason to give a detention."
"Sushi cat"
"Just found this on Facebook...."
"How I feel as a 25yo on reddit today"
"With the recent discovery that there are a bunch of redditors on here that are between 12 and 18... this is how I feel..."
"HIFW browsing r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu"
"Come on Snoop  you got this."
"Got a chuckle out of this"
"This shirt is made for Reditors"
"Reddit's very own shirt."
"im gunna crumb too"
"its always while you're not looking"
"Still my favourite meme."
"Down Syndrome [FIXED]"
"Oh yeah! Keep hiding that ball from me"
"Skeet Skeet Skeet Ball"
"Never let them walk past you."
"Testing a bullet-proof vest in 1923."
"One ticket to Hell  please. Window seat if you can."
"Humans."
"I created a reddit account today..."
"when i try to play an rts..."
"How I feel about the MLB playoffs."
"How i feel about people's &quot;cake days&quot;"
"How I imagine most redditors."
"When a girl asks me if I've read 50 Shades of Grey"
"Coming back to Runescape after 1.5 years of absense"
"Watched Paranormal Activity 3  and now trying to fall asleep. I can't."
"The time I went to r/spacedicks"
"My reaction to every sound I hear when I am home alone at night..."
"Thanks to the Humble Indie Bundle  I finally got around to playing Amnesia. This is all I've been doing since then..."
"What a bunch of happy campers."
"There can be no title..."
"Walking up those staircases with awkwardly long steps"
"He sure looks amused."
"Boss asked if I wouldn't mind staying late..."
"How I feel when someone posts the same .gif with a different title"
"How I feel after taking a shower and have to poop."
"When you think of something good to post  then forget it later in the day."
"When my boss calls me  waking me up on my only day off..."
"Bought a book at the bookstore for $145  later to realize my friend bought his online for $2."
"My reaction when I just realized it's late and my cake day in my office"
"It's been a long time since I actively wanted a typewriter..."
"Basically the coolest typewriter ever."
"Clear steampunk typewriter"
"Possibly one of the most beautiful pictures ever."
"Reddit elevator"
"CAKAE DAY  Found this in my under files."
"Newest member of Wu-Tang"
"The RZA  The GZA  and Bill Murray"
"Pretty legit concern...."
"My favorite dancing gif."
"Hey  I just met you  and this is crazy  I like to dissect girls  did you know I'm utterly insane?"
"BAMF squirrel"
"Transform!"
"Have you ever tried to catch one of these while you're running around naked?"
"Jimmy Carr on wife beating."
"bunny pop"
"Maybe it's because they made such a satisfying pop"
"My favorite thing that I got as a kid at other kids birthday parties."
"After seeing countless dumb ass posts get upvoted to infinity for peoples Cake Days  and every single one I've posted today has been buried  I have a message for Reddit"
"fuck you"
"Supplies"
"Surprise"
"'Mo Bounce to the debate..."
"What's your flavour?"
"We can all jam to Tupac."
"Nod Ya Head"
"When i ask my 7 and 10 year old nieces if they want Pizza instead spaghetti."
"Still Tippin Presidential Style"
"Mah niggers."
"Hip Hop debate."
"Turns out that all this time  these two just wanted to party."
"Keep they heads ringin"
"Who's the BOSS?"
"Nod ya head... [Fixed]"
"So i was watching the debate the other night  and it got pretty intense."
"At least they can agree on one thing"
"Still Obama and Romney"
"The Presidential candidates live the Dada Life"
"A subject they both agree upon"
"Break Yo Neck"
"presidential debate"
"Wu-Tang Clan ain't nothing to F* with"
"Anybody know anything about this pic? Slighty NSFW"
"Post-it note"
"It's always the fat kid."
"When it's time to party we will..."
"&quot;Smile for the ether bunny  kids!&quot;"
"Guess who?"
"Cat walks like the Devil - PART 2"
"what do you mean the easter bunny isnt real?"
"Thought you guys might be able to use this sad bunny"
"Did you know this?"
"Neat Nature Fact"
"Neat Nature Facts!"
"And people wonder why he's my favorite."
"Thanks Kroger"
"Cat treat"
"Overly Attached Cat is overly attached to cat treats [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Husband Troll"
"Something Dirty"
"This remains my favorite picture on the Internet."
"Whenever I see Casey Anthony on the news again."
"When I read all over the news that Taylor Swift and Conor Kennedy broke up"
"Awkward un-born fetus photo level undiscribable"
"How I feel on Fridays"
"Zoidberg  He's Sexy and He Knows It"
"Zoidberg Wiggles  Sexy and I Know It"
"It's Friday."
"jiggle it"
"If Giuliani was in charge of the numbers."
"Guys... GUYS. Holy fuck. [8]"
"Dafuq did I just watch."
"one of my favorite comics."
"I'm just confused and worried"
"LifeProtips didn't like my way of cooking hot dogs at the office"
"An ageless tragedie"
"&quot;Its complicated&quot;"
"When I say that I like dogs better than cats"
"A young Louis CK with Marc Maron"
"Louis CK and Mark Maron"
"Decided to share all of the images I have saved on my computer for backgrounds. Most found here on Reddit."
"A shark after spending years being a shark [1920x1200]"
"Sniping Kittens"
"Boom  headshot."
"Camera shy panda."
"Calvin on Religion."
"Calvin's religious ceremonies (x-post from /funny)"
"You're doing it wrong! I think...."
"Boobs or GTFO (SWF) [x-post from r/imgoingtohellforthis]"
"This is my kind of ramen!"
"She's doing it right."
"Wait for it...."
"Abalabalabalabalabalablabala..."
"How I let the ladies know I'm good in bed."
"Tom tongue"
"Patrick Star Cat."
"Played minigolf this week  this was my strategy"
"It's my Cake Day and I present to you my favorite GIF of all time."
"Home security"
"&quot;I am a Jewish jihadi&quot;"
"A Jewish Jihadi"
"Drug Control is Ridiculous"
"I recently created a Facebook account. This is how I feel after a week."
"How I almost always feel immediately after making a submission to reddit"
"How I felt googling &quot;sexy bear&quot; to find a funny and cute pic to send to my girlfriend."
"Giving my colleagues my personal phone number just before a holiday"
"Me  realizing that I scheduled to make a four hour drive on Friday the 13th."
"Todat I went to /b/"
"After seeing  and deciding to talk to my ex."
"Decided to watch Step Brothers with my parents and younger sister."
"When I goto r/WTF..."
"Every time my comments get downvoted past 0"
"When I Found Out My Campus Has A 7:1 Male To Female Ratio And Is Dry Starting This Year"
"Checkmate atheists"
"Just a fence... wait... W T F ..."
"And I always shoot first"
"Buzz Lightyear  balloon style"
"Buzz Lightyear Balloon Suit"
"Driving to the beach with my friends on my first vacation in years."
"Steppin on the beach!"
"My friend made this. Because penguins."
"How I look when I get off work on Fridays!"
"How I feel when I finish work on Fridays"
"Happened by chance while browsing  can't get it out of my head!"
"Multitab browsing and then this happened thought i would share"
"Everyday I'm Pingu'in"
"Uhn tiss uhn tiss uhn tiss"
"How I leave my last class on Thursday."
"So Phresh"
"Oh  that makes sense!"
"Shotgun Babe."
"One of the best no-fucks-given photo's in history"
"All hail the Douchebag king!"
"All of you are beneath me! I am a god!"
"10 years old kid made hostage.... better thumbs up."
"Close enough"
"How it feels to be the first one to post new\original content on Reddit"
"Do you even read?"
"Epic."
"Cow"
"Derp cow is watching you"
"The average cod or bf3 player."
"Do you even lift?"
"Glass"
"I have no words..but lol'd like crazy"
"Shining Tin Man"
"That TV guide description of Wizard of Oz wasn't too far off"
"Iridescent fly covered in a zillion little water droplets"
"Wrong time  wrong place."
"I laghed way too hard at this"
"food fight"
"Fucks I give?"
"Why hasn't this been used for a horror movie setting yet?"
"China's Abandoned Wonderland"
"Suck my dick  Red Lobster!"
"Just like the forest fires he let happen."
"How I feel when I run up an escalator"
"My immediate reaction to Prometheus:"
"Every Calculus Class."
"Whenever I skip from the intro of a porn to the 5 minute mark"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"clever ad for Germany"
"Water Goddess"
"Swiss diver travels to Brazil to photograph 26-foot long anacondas...basically my nightmare."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [FIXED]"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks since 1998"
"destroying joysticks and hands since 1998"
"New sex position &quot;The Laptop&quot; [Fixed]"
"Swimming."
"How I walk away from a strike [fixed]"
"This is a game that needs to be updated."
"11 years old and this is still the funniest game I have ever played."
"My Brother Sent Me This  This Morning...."
"Fallout [1920x1080]"
"Little Brother - 1  Big Sisters - 0"
"It's my reddit birthday and this is my favorite gif of all time."
"RESPECT."
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"The parties over  kids"
"BLARGHARHARG!"
"What browsing facebook has become since downloading Must Stache"
"how i look like when i dance"
"Philosoraptor on Zombies"
"This just occurred to me..."
"Ent Buddies at a solid [9]"
"I want one!"
"...because people will love our product"
"Saw this and immediately thought.."
"What."
"Do you believe in magic?"
"Stealing this from a first time poster. Light it up!!(it's soft xenophobia)"
"Bouncing Balls"
"That's Some Cool Profile Pic"
"Draw me like one of your french girls..."
"I don't know why I made this..."
"Romeo and Juliet"
"Double Agent P"
"2 ( platypus + hat )"
"Oh...ok."
"Nicholas Cat"
"Ridiculously Cute Bear"
"Pasheeno"
"How I feel when I open a new can of formula."
"How I feel about my old boss"
"Getting hit in the face with a 186 mph gust of wind"
"I dont know what this is  but it belongs here."
"New Arrested Development cast picture!"
"New Arrested Development Cast Picture!"
"Sparks Fly"
"This is not real...please be fake."
"When ever I get into argument on Reddit  this is who I picture on the other side."
"As a white person  this is how I look when I dance"
"That moment you realize the paper you've been struggling to finish is in 11pt font instead of 12"
"Day 45: I have earned the Germans' trust."
"Day 45: I have earned the Germans' trust."
"What bear?"
"CAN I HAS TINSEL MIAOW?"
"From a friend"
"I only post on Reddit when I'm drunk"
"I'm sorry."
"Probably one of the better comments I've seen on YouTube"
"The frustrations of art"
"best representation of how hand jobs go for the giver [SFW]"
"Who else has this problem all of the time?"
"This one brings back some memories"
"The order of these is important."
"Smug puppy knows something you dont"
"Zach Galifinakis learning words"
"Zach Galifianakis came up in me newsfeed today"
"Down low? Too slow..."
"Too slow."
"When my girlfriend is purposely trying to start an argument"
"Whenever someone says &quot;I'll pray for you&quot;"
"How I feel as a european reading about the behavior of US Cops and the elections"
"Guy here. I finally decided to check out Pinterest  here's what I thought!"
"Letting my friend show me tumblr after 10 months on Reddit."
"How I feel when someone puts up a link to something that isn't funny in r/funny"
"Nobody at my employer has received a raise in 3 years. This was my reaction as the owner of the company told several of us that he just purchased a beach condo with cash..."
"Nobody at my employer has received a raise in 3 years. This was our reaction as the owner of the company told several of us that he just purchased a beach condo with cash..."
"Watching some of the opening ceremony for the Olympics..."
"My reaction when my dad got my sister a kindle fire for her birthday  but he got nothing for mine"
"When rushees first walk in..."
"MFW my GF made the front page on her third submission."
"Has no one noticed that the guy in the back is mocking him?"
"When you see it... (which you will  it's not hard.)"
"When you see it... (which you will  it's not hard.)"
"Best GIF ever [NSFW]"
"What a sweet dog--OH GOD."
"Do not remove tail."
"Serves her right"
"Like rubbing a genie's lantern"
"That's a nice top...BITCH"
"50 Shades of Grey Comes to the Big Screen"
"fifty shades of grey 'cast'"
"The cat's in the bag"
"I Think You're Doing It Wrong.."
"Workout level: Fat ass"
"Introducing  Apple Water"
"Apple Water ©"
"Sha-zam!!!"
"Slow-mo Lightning Strike"
"&gt;:D"
"if this isnt racist....idk what is"
"80 pound soccer ball"
"Oh Cat!"
"Because how else are you going to put the fire out?"
"Today in West Hollywood...."
"Today in West Hollywood...."
"Sounds like a real problem"
"My side on the political debate"
"These boxes are conspiring about something"
"Evil plotting boxes will get you!"
"These boxes are definitely plotting something."
"Evil plotting boxes will get you! [FIXED]"
"Plotting Boxes (x-post r/funny)"
"These boxes are definitely plotting something..."
"Seeing as this has appeared twice on my frontpage  let's go for thrice."
"Look at this cone-head."
"They told me I could become anything  so i became... fuck I don't even know"
"Silly run."
"Ministry of Silly Walks  Olympic Division"
"wat"
"Strangest painting ever? I don't even..."
"Cracked was NOT the place I expected to find something so horrifying. NOPENOPENOPE"
"Can you tell me how to get the fuck AWAY from Sesame Street? (X-post from r/creepy)"
"Probably A Repost But I Think This Is The Right Day"
"How I imagine QDWach"
"Today I learned that I passed my Calculus class by one point."
"Gets me everytime"
"SpongeBob PimpPants"
"I Came Here to Fuck Bitches."
"How I feel on my first cakeday."
"Every time I go to a fancy party"
"When my friends and I try to pile into the same sled and try to make it down the hill."
"The World's Angriest-looking Kitten"
"Like I give a fuck."
"A total of 0 fucks were given.."
"Damn! Let me take a picture."
"HAVE A GREAT PROM"
"__classic__"
"Don't look at this for too long..."
"Meow - RAWWR...!"
"The essentials"
"Accurately labeled hotel toiletries. (Fixed)"
"High five anyone?"
"The ultimate fashion climax. one. easy. piece."
"&quot;Easy on  easy off  quick as a flick of her tongue&quot;...wtf outfit"
"Light in slow motion."
"Light in slow motion almost looks like a loading screen..."
"Light slowed down. I hope you like the song choice /r/gifsound."
"Man and Nature"
"Just got a little something in my eye..."
"Ripples"
"Ripples [x-post from r/pics]"
"Waterfall Eyes"
"Scientists discover vegetarian owl"
"Heeeere  kitty kitty kitty"
"why you don't throw rocks at large cats"
"This is why you don't mess with wild animals"
"Heeeere  kitty kitty kitty"
"As foretold by the prophets: &quot;Everybody wants prosthetic foreheads on their real heads.&quot;"
"Pikachu Cat"
"If Reddit were to create a monster"
"Rick Ross and the Power of Long John Silvers"
"Today is my cakeday  and I don't own a cat that I can whore out for karma."
"When I see a girl post twice on /r/gonewild saying it's her first time..."
"How i feel about the Reddit Enhancement/NSFW Image issue"
"&quot;You have been banned from r/circlejerk&quot;"
"Seeing some of my submissions getting downvoted after having one successful link to my name"
"My reaction when there was no extra scene during or after the credits of TDKR"
"Circle of Life. I suppose."
"Not sure what to name this kind of centipede."
"Can't. Stop. Watching."
"Who came first..."
"Children &amp; Religion"
"The Petals Fall Twice - page 143"
"This is the most WTF thing I've ever read"
"What the hell kind of book is this from?"
"Found this on Facebook. Wait till the ending..."
"By the curb"
"Kitten in a Top Hat"
"It's wearing a top hat!"
"Some take Lunesta  some pop a Benadryl  but nothing works as well as..."
"Raving Private Ryan"
"Yo this movie's gonna blow my mind!!!!!"
"raving private ryan"
"Friday coming home."
"How I feel during re class"
"How Facebook Looks Nowadays..."
"well then..."
"Saw this on Facebook. Seems legit."
"Well..that escalated quickly.."
"Jesus  fuck. Ok  calm the fuck down."
"God is getting a little tight these days.."
"Seems legit."
"Goochie goochie goo!"
"The many faces of Kristen Stewart"
"The biggest advantage of living in Switzerland"
"Living in Switzerland"
"Living in Switzerland"
"Grrr hurr durr"
"This was me for an hour while I walked around the mall after dropping off my glasses for adjustment at LensCrafters..."
"Mentos + Carlsberg = ?"
"Someone left me a nice surprise in the Qdoba bathroom"
"So I walked into the bathroom at Bob Evans..."
"Yummy!"
"Oh just Danny Jrejo taking his dog for a walk"
"Danny Trejo taking his puppy for a walk"
"don't see a lot of baby manatees on r/aww"
"What I feel like doing to people who post shitty memes on facebook"
"So I drove next to that big lineup at chick fil a the other day...."
"I saw a lot of Freddie Mercury going on in your rage comics  so I wanted to make sure you've seen this one."
"Darth Vader giving a piggyback to Freddy Mercury. Upvotes to the left"
"Jackpot"
"Penguins"
"How I feel when a really good post gets downvoted to Hell"
"When my friend beats me at something"
"Penguin Slap"
"Intelligent design?"
"Oh the irony..."
"What's this disorder called?"
"Future redditor....."
"The Ice Cream Man"
"Mr. Ice Cream Man"
"Just cooling off"
"Well... this is terrifying."
"How I feel about hearing people bitch about being deployed to Kuwait after two tours in Iraq"
"I think they're being a bit too extreme."
"Classic"
"Checked out /spacedicks today...why didn't I listen..."
"How I feel when I don't see the NSFL bracket"
"my face after hearing my gf was in to witchcraft"
"Just realized it was my cake day  and I don't have any pets"
"MFW I accidentally opened Cityville on Facebook today..."
"When my 13-year-old sister told me she was on reddit."
"Oppan Dubstep Style.."
"I hope I never ever catch a hatchetfish."
"Futuristic whores ftw"
"The things that work together.."
"John Goodman stars in..."
"My favorite John Goodman film"
"Starring John Goodman"
"Looks good."
"Herp?"
"Too much cute"
"Who would win?"
"You dropped this."
"A Clown Riding a.......wtf"
"The real first Thanksgiving"
"dont know what to look at first [NSFW]"
"I'll just.... Leave this here NSFW"
"Oh god Lowe's. WHYYY"
"How I feel when my ex drunk dials me to tell me he's moved on."
"Me when I realize it's my cakeday at 11:50 PM"
"My face upon reaching 1k karma"
"How I feel listening to all the guys in my office talk about Fantasy Football..."
"To all those that downvote me"
"The pit of doom..."
"The zombie apocalypse is inescapable"
"You know it's real when you see someone with this face..."
"Typed &quot;Reddit worthy pictures&quot; into Google. Was not disappointed."
"i searched &quot;reddit worthy&quot; on google..."
"it's okay  I didn't need that jacket anyway"
"When hanging out with my friend's girlfriend."
"The head of everyman's penis right after getting off...(SFW)"
"Introducing: The Scottish bar stool. (NSFW)"
"Go back  we fucked up everything"
"This picture was part of a popular post yesterday. I don't think it's authentic. I mean  it can't be real  can it?"
"How I feel when coworkers turn off office Air Conditioner."
"Super Coat"
"The Jacket of Smite!"
"My first time touching boobs( SFW)"
"&quot;HOW I FELT THE FIRST TIME I TOUCHED MY BFs PENIS&quot;"
"I don't think anybody's day can remain sour while viewing this."
"Exercise buddies"
"Journey to Reddit"
"More fitting here (x-post from r/trees)"
"double the aww"
"Run forest  run!"
"My favorite gif"
"I'm a sign  not a cop"
"The Simpsons has the best security"
"When ever I see a &quot;Do Not Enter&quot; sign"
"...if god would have created the world  this would be the reason for fundies."
"Wish He had checked the lid first."
"Planking  Marine style."
"How i felt when i noticed it was friday."
"On the first day of christmas  the chiefs gave to me"
"Decided to try my hand at one of these music-enhanced GIFs. With kitties!"
"Bump it."
"Sheldon is a redditor"
"I think I'll stay home today"
"I'm not going out today."
"When you're in line and someone cuts in front of you"
"Here's a sign found in Israel that would probably be useful in the USA."
"John Fucking Kennedy"
"JFK Alien Hunter"
"Hey Reddit  looks like there is still good in the world after all."
"At the Smurfs Premiere. (x-post from r/celebs)"
"Angelina Jolie"
"I have no words  but it made me LOL  so."
"Seems appropriate for here..."
"Just fabulous!"
"If Bill Cosby was my job  and I was a little fat kid..."
"Just searched &quot;no gif&quot; on Google. Pretty happy."
"Here's those sandals no one asked for..."
"Carry me!"
"Just awwww"
"I give you  the Rainbow Eucalyptus!"
"I have never seen a gif that represents my life better than this one"
"Repeat 6 times until you settle on scrambled eggs."
"When I get home and there's nothing good in the fridge..."
"Every time I open the fridge."
"Opening the fridge everyday"
"Checking reddit for blue links every ten minutes"
"When I'm hungry and nobody went grocery shopping"
"For the campers"
"&quot;stop being tsundere&quot;"
"Little Arthur can teach everyone a thing or two."
"When Christians try to argue with Atheists but don't quite grasp the science behind it..."
"How I feel talking to creationists. [GIF]"
"what is this.. i don't even..."
"Just a kid and a banana"
"Banana Dolphin Superstar"
"i don't understand ....."
"Cell phone logic"
"Burseball"
"What  you never take heart shaped naps?"
"Mmmm... Delicious."
"Bunny eats a Cherry"
"One taco to feed them all"
"Taco"
"Googled &quot;Mouth Taco&quot; I wasn't disappointed"
"Time for TICKLES!"
"Go ahead  Bill..."
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"BILL FUCKING MURRAY"
"Reddit  it's my birthday  but that's not important right now. Today is Bill Fucking Murray's birthday. If only I could be so classy."
"Googled &quot;Classy as Fuck&quot;  was not disappointed"
"Obama plays the 'bone"
"Apparently  Obama knows how to blow [x-post from funny]"
"We have to go..."
"Can't decide if animal cruelty or animal cool-ty"
"This still melts my heart. Irish rugby player Brian O'Driscoll visits a young girl in the hospital with the Heineken cup."
"The Fastest Sperm"
"Abortion (SFW)"
"There can only be one"
"Clash of the titans."
"Kitten Ninjas"
"Missing stapler."
"Michele Bachmann"
"In a Utah Airport."
"Babe ready to go"
"Where in the world...?"
"T-Shirt"
"Yea the holo.... What?!?"
"Want to have fun?"
"Next time I have a party I'm playing this game"
"When siblings fight"
"What Mrs. Brady should have done to Marsha and Jan..."
"Let's get along! [fb]"
"Our Get Along Shirt"
"How I feel as a Political Science major taking Biology"
"This is what happens to me after surfing Reddit at work  and realizing it was time to go home 5 minutes ago."
"Killing a download page before it starts installing"
"That mad scramble to find a good .gif to whore karma for your cakeday."
"Batty Catty"
"Ron Catswon"
"Crazy Nyan Cat"
"When I heard Paul McCartney was going to perform at the Olympics"
"How I felt when I realized it was my Cakeday  without anything to post"
"Seriously  don't touch it."
"Inside and outside view of Hidden beach on Marieta Islands  off the coast of Puerto Vallarta  Mexico."
"Hidden paradise..."
"How I feel when Reddits front page stays the same"
"When Someone Says God Exists Because The Bible Says So"
"the butt genie"
"Butt Genie"
"Parents Beware:"
"Roots."
"Interesting..."
"Wat do"
"You're doing it wr....oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck"
"When I say something  then realize how stupid of me it was to say that."
"How people feel trying to get to the front page..."
"So many people losing weight! Though I applaud your hard work  this transformation only took me 2 days  and $1 479 013."
"Oh good try Timmy"
"Probably a repost  but I found this hilarious."
"Ohh I see."
"It Is All Illusion"
"On Kitchen Floor. NOPE!"
"It came to feast on me!! Survival mode kicked in and I came out the victor /cheer."
"Hostess is going out of business..."
"Alright  Hostess  it ain't over....."
"The man most upset over the closing of Hostess."
"I think he would be the most upset about the recent news."
"How I feel trying to find twinkies now"
"Flawless Victory"
"Never riding that bus again."
"Damn  White Man fuckin' up"
"Sometimes it's okay to fall apart"
"As a 25/ f  my feelings on no shave November and all of its endless posts."
"Why?"
"This showed up on my Facebook feed..."
"Flanders."
"Stupid Flanders!"
"Everyday things that make you go WTF"
"My brother told me the story in a video game shouldn't matter... mfw"
"How I feel every time I come up with a witty comment to find it posted already"
"Shit happens"
"well shit"
"Ooh  burn!"
"What is not to like about this picture?"
"Winter is coming..."
"1000 NOPES"
"1000 nopes"
"reddit's PR guy"
"Determined"
"My favourite Sheldon Cooper quote."
"what to do when someone &quot;gets in your face&quot;"
"I don't want no trouble ya hear"
"Anyone else remember waking their parents up on the weekends when they were little?"
"SAP goes for a walk"
"Girl Emerging from water"
"Bitch (fixed) (fixed)"
"Trust Me  I'm A Scientist."
"After several failed posts.."
"I think I found one of the droids that I've been looking for..."
"He loves his job"
"When I can see the underwear on the girl sitting in front of me in class"
"Suddenly .... a horse"
"Wut?"
"Deal with it"
"when someone says that they don't like my Mario themed ringtone"
"Deal with it. (x-post from r/horsemask)"
"Interesting cigarette holder"
"SLENDER MERN"
"ERHMAHGERD SLENDER MERN"
"Hit me"
"I think I will ignore and see what happens"
"Well that escalated quickly..."
"Well Facebook  that escalated quickly."
"Saw this on Facebook- thought it was a bit O.T.T"
"Can someone please explain WTF is going on here? (GRAPHIC) (NSFW) (NSFL)"
"I see your zombie deer....and raise you horse Snuggie."
"Hunter S. Thompson's daily routine."
"Hunter S. Thompson's Daily Routine"
"Sounds like an average day to me"
"wait a second..."
"Scumbag Hitler"
"This dude is a god"
"The hot chick on my FB just uploaded her summer album!"
"How I feel when my boss emails me that he's not coming into work on Friday."
"How I feel as a German with posts about Germany on the front page right now"
"Got to love Amir Blumenfeld"
"How I feel when I see a post with 999 points"
"When I recognize something in a complicated science-related article"
"When I noticed that the subreddit I created just passed 100 000 readers."
"How r/WTF feels this morning"
"Gato Taco"
"I see your Wind Cathedral and I raise you a Stone Forest in Madagascar"
"waka waka"
"My size is cute!"
"The Eldredge Knot"
"How can tie a tie like this? Also are they any similarly fancy ways to tie a bowtie?"
"The Clitoris Knot"
"Sidewalk ends"
"oh sorry I was too busy getting my heart melted"
"Thank you Oprah!"
"Oprah is the Queen of the Bees"
"My all-time favorite .gif.... BEEEEES!!!!!"
"Bees!!!!!!!1"
"Still my favorite GIF of all time"
"You bitch!"
"Never gets old."
"Reddit today (minus Oprah)"
"I'm sure this is what Oprah always wanted to do."
"I love the green men"
"Two guys at a hockey match"
"Victory Screech!!!"
"Tell it again?"
"oh ya..."
"Oh google .."
"Young Funkadelic Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"Boss."
"The wine makes her squirt (NSFW)"
"Forever Alone"
"Racism at its finest (crosspost from /r/pics)"
"One ron ton soop?"
"Derivury!"
"Derivery!"
"Beep Beep! Derivery!"
"He's a genius"
"Baby wants a shower"
"Is this game good/worth $10?"
"Eric Foreman"
"I've had enough of this malarkey!"
"Born to raise hell"
"Meanwhile  in Puerto Rico..."
"Rocking Horse"
"Reddit on steam recently"
"Hey Ladies"
"OH NOOOOO!!!! NOT CATS TOO?!?!?!?! i thought animals were atheist too...."
"Hello sir! Do you have a moment to talk about Christ!?!?!?!?"
"YOU HAD ONE JOB!"
"Clowning around! NSFW  NSFLish"
"A stranger's advice"
"There are angels among us"
"The Metal Butterfly"
"Damn Ice..."
"Breaking the Ice"
"I died laughing at this."
"They blocked reddit at work today"
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 6 minutes.&quot;"
"Me when I found out Torchlight 2 comes out 2 days after i ship out for bootcamp"
"Dat Ass..."
"Dat Gangnam Ass"
"The part where he screams at the skinny girl`s ass in the Gangnam style video is so liberating for some﻿ reason... who never wanted to scream at the top of their lungs at a hot ass? Anything you guys wanted to do that is liberating  but frowed upon by society?"
"As a team  we will prevail! [Repost from r/adviceanimals]"
"Dirty Lil Fapper!!!"
"The Good  The Bag  and the Unlucky"
"Well... it's about time I hit the hay. Night all."
"Paranormal Activikitty"
"One second  just going upstairs..."
"New favorite gif!"
"This has probably been done  but it was the only thing I could think of when I saw this gif"
"This made me giggle"
"The Dog House Diaries on Winzip"
"Mostly Accurate"
"I bet money that a woman did this"
"What art thinks of men."
"Anyone else in the US Army will find this to be all too true"
"Oh! shit shit shit"
"The only morning show I would watch."
"epic"
"Apparently statues are rising up against us..."
"Popped up on my newsfeed"
"Ministry of Silly Clocks"
"On second thought let's not get this clock... It is a silly walk."
"Awkward..."
"Bless you"
"Whenever someone has explosive diarrhea in the stall next to me..."
"Dude… Did you see that?"
"Dude… Did you see that?"
"First grade problems."
"That Look Of Pure Terror"
"How i feel as a European right naow 'merica"
"What did you say??"
"How i act when my boss isn't watching"
"how i act when my boss isn't looking"
"This dog dont take no shit"
"Whenever I get scolded by a higher authority"
"When my parents tell me not to do something"
"WOOT?!"
"bitch  better walk away."
"I can do what I want"
"When your parents say no"
"Well i just laughed for 10 minutes straight."
"Loading up Reddit after being deprived of it."
"Hostess going out of business."
"Thanks for ruining rule #32  Hostess!"
"How I feel now that Hostess is going out of business."
"The most majestic photo I've seen on Reddit to date."
"The way reddit makes me think now."
"Don't send me..."
"Jessie was on the price is right!"
"Kungfu Frog"
"Care to explain that?"
"Oops!"
"What do you mean chocolate milk?!"
"It kinda works"
"For all you fellow Diablo fans in the EU!"
"the announcement of whatever is on the gameinformer cover for august 14th is comming"
"What I'll be thinking on December 18th"
"I'm getting married on Sunday. This is how I felt waking up today."
"Can't wait for new COD..."
"In the 90's the Simpsons seemed to have had knowledge of today's internet"
"This makes me laugh every time."
"The childhood picture recreation winner"
"The Creative Process (COMIC)"
"The Reddit Process (COMIC)"
"Work process in a nutshell"
"The essence of Reddit"
"How I feel when someone proves Christianity wrong"
"mom was worried about the horse  so i sent her this"
"Best trick ever"
"Just finished a couple of big papers. This is how I felt the whole time."
"How I feel on Fridays."
"Anyone with a late Friday class will understand."
"Envisioning emerging technology for 2012 and beyond."
"Rule 34: Still Going Strong (SFW)"
"Bump"
"Bump"
"I'm going to get drunk and eat chicken fingers."
"BUMP!"
"Well  Hello There. Im A Virgo."
"Peak a bo..HOLY CRAP!"
"Too Much Junk in the Trunk?"
"Got bored and went into r/spacedicks. This was me after two posts"
"After getting ridiculously drunk last night and texting about every ex on my phone"
"I want to see this version of the Titanic."
"brlbrlbrl"
"This is how I wash my hair"
"Quit whining about that arrow in your knee"
"Anyone know where I can buy a baby octopus? [gifs]"
"Newly hatched baby octopus"
"Leave the limbo to the Trinidadians."
"Dammit America! My Friday night ended 6 hours ago... This is how i feel"
"That's not how I remembered that scene happening"
"Well hey there"
"Han's blaster is no match for the Gangnam Style"
"Go home  rainbow"
"whoops!"
"This is one of my favorite knitting cartoons. What are some of yours?"
"Not again..."
"No grandma  one hand  like this"
"I laugh every time"
"Whoops  I made a scarf"
"shake that a**"
"Hypnotically hot"
"I don't... how?"
"Asturias"
"Asturias [FIXED x2]"
"Asturias [Altered]"
"He does kind of look like Zakk Wylde [FIXED]"
"Paul gilbert"
"Progress"
"You're forgiven."
"Why you should always wear a banana suit"
"googling the droids"
"Meanwhile at the death star....."
"How I feel on 90 percent of facebook posts"
"Patience"
"I think she may just blackout..."
"Whenever I find free Wi-Fi in public"
"Piranha eating an alligator... or not"
"Happy birthday to this guy right here."
"This is why Spongebob is still one of my favorites"
"My all time favorite Spongebob quote"
"FPS game evolution..."
"CATNAM STYLE !!!"
"It just had to be done."
"I googled &quot;Gangnam Style cat&quot;"
"lick lick lick"
"LICK LICK LICK LICK LICK"
"My childhood has become really mature..."
"It might be old  but it's funny"
"Just a Kiss"
"DAMN SON."
"Front flip onto a skateboard"
"Why haven't I noticed the poster in Ron's office before?"
"Too much man for one picture"
"Too much man for one picture"
"It's just so fitting..."
"PUT ME DOWN MOTHER FUCKER! Ok... you asked for this."
"Watch out Ron!"
"Best time to be a ginger!"
"&quot;This one... This one I feel good about!&quot;"
"Ruining your childhood"
"When you find a bug that you didn't know can fly."
"I see your dog pictures and raise you."
"I'm a puff!"
"How to win all arguments."
"Tell me more about how cute I am"
"When I wake up and realize it is Friday"
"annular eclipse"
"Night and Day"
"Not like this... Not like this..."
"There's something wrong here  but I just can't put my finger on it"
"And the Lord said  &quot; Let there be pong.&quot;"
"And Jesus said: &quot;YOLO&quot;"
"If Jesus played beer pong."
"So this came up on a google image search...."
"saw this on r/wtf thought you guys would like it (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Reddit Alien as an infinitely resizable vector image (SVG)"
"Ripening strawberry"
"Growing Strawberry"
"Anyone else think the sequel to this game should have competitive multiplayer? I personally think this game was made for CTF"
"People on the busbwere talking about how the iphone 5 is the best thing in the world."
"Finals week is very stressful"
"Another reason to not go spearfishing"
"at least he was successful."
"Dragon Falls"
"Just a baby mermaid..."
"Bagel head?"
"Halloween pumpkins cousin"
"Green pepper buddies are shocked"
"caticopter"
"Quick! To the kittycopter!"
"Incredible Military Photo: Smoke Grenades Going Off"
"Flipper!"
"They see me swimmin' and flyin'"
"So long and thanks for all the fish."
"Seems Legit."
"Russian deer."
"In soviet russia"
"Dad breaks it down."
"That's not how you play Wii."
"His &amp; Her Diary From the Same Day"
"His and Hers diary entry from the same day. (x/post from funny and does apply here)"
"Thought process....women vs. men."
"Oh God  my Palms."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996[FIXED]"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1999"
"Shit guys. It's finals week soon."
"How I feel graduating college"
"After a weekend of doing nothing"
"How I imagine whining teen girls on my news feed 10 years from now"
"When a fat person makes an excuse for their weight problem this is what I think"
"too much swag"
"You Can't Handle It"
"First thing that popped in my head when I saw this Gif the first time."
"How I feel when I get more than 10 up votes"
"Literally cant handle this"
"Swag Overload"
"Me seeing a comment I made reach 1K upvotes for the first time"
"What I actually look like when I dance."
"I.. I just can't"
"I Just Can't.."
"It's not an addiction  it's a prescription."
"it's my B day today.  so here is my post...the Ultimate beer kozzie"
"WTF? That's Awsome"
"Where do I find this prescription?"
"Doctors orders"
"Oh nein you didn't"
"He isn't going to regret this look in 20 years or anything..."
"This shit has gone too far."
"Beautiful view."
"Recently married. This is my new motto."
"Father/son faceswaps are disturbing."
"So this lady got on the bus today  with her jar of Mayo and knife to eat it with."
"Isn't it too hot to be drinking... um... THAT?"
"Woman on bus eating tub of mayonnaise"
"I just want to sit here and enjoy my mayo..."
"How I feel when I have to stand on the bus"
"Whenever I get an upvote"
"This is the best GifSound Mashup I had ever made."
"Tonight  We Ride"
"Seems to be catching on rather fast"
"How i feel about votes"
"How is this not what you pick first?"
"No  no - THIS is how you use a Two Steps From Hell song."
"See a BLACK/WHITE image in color (optical illusion)"
"The dot"
"Brain Teasing Black and White Illusion  hope you guys like it!"
"sorcery the likes of which I have never seen"
"I think Walmart is onto something here..."
"&quot;This will finally be the post that makes the front page!&quot; vs. reality"
"Stormtrooper Swag"
"This guy nailed his roller coaster picture!!!"
"This is one sexy man"
"Happy birthday to this badass"
"Happy Birthday Neil Degrasse Tyson"
"Happy Birthday to one of Reddit's Heros."
"How I feel when my class get cancelled on a Friday"
"Obama  Obama. (X-post from /r/gifsound)"
"(xpost from /r/gifsound)"
"I'll be with you forever."
"Breakdown"
"I want to break up"
"I want to break up"
"An average couple's night out."
"What I imagine when I hear about a Reddit meetup"
"nope  nothing unusual here... carry on"
"Date Night"
"My reaction when someone unexpectedly believes my lie."
"If I Ever Killed Anybody..."
"After 1 year on Reddit"
"A picture of Dubai from the Burj Khalifa building [World's Tallest]."
"View from the Burj Khalifa  world's tallest building"
"To All Those Christians Who are Bad-Mouthing Hitchens..."
"Whack-A-Kitty!"
"No kittehs were harmed in the making of this GIF."
"How I feel trying to slow down the cat pictures on r/new... [x-post from r/funny]"
"Whack a kitty (x-post from gifs)"
"How I feel when my ex girlfriend tells me how happy she and her new boyfriend are together"
"When I find myself in a thread full of highschoolers"
"When I find myself in a thread full of highschoolers."
"When OP turns out to be a liar  and all the upvotes turn to downvotes."
"When someone exposes a top comment for being a logical fallacy"
"I'll enter a topic pleased  read the comments and leave my mark."
"Scumbag father [FIXED]"
"26 years ago"
"Louis CK on gay marriage."
"One of the reasons Louis CK is my favourite comedian"
"By gosh  this may just work!!"
"Waffles!"
"A re-post of my favorite gif on the internet  for my cake day!"
"&quot;My good sir  how are you this fine day?&quot;"
"Best oompa Loompa cosplay ever?"
"Any one else think that he looks really high?"
"Loud roared the dreadful thunder  the rain a deluge showers."
"Angry Cloud"
"Fuck this area in particular"
"This made me laugh so hard."
"CATSAN"
"Let me out of the box!"
"Thought this belonged here instead. (X-post from r/funny)"
"Mr. &quot;Freddie&quot; Rogers"
"Mr. &quot;Freddie&quot; Rogers"
"When a baby is staring at you and the parents aren’t looking:"
"My reaction when I realize I've posted in the wrong subreddit."
"Iron-Batman (900x600)"
"The Iron Knight"
"Bruce Stark - Iron Bat"
"Mouse still trying to swim away after being ripped in half by a turtle"
"Poor mouse..."
"Turtlenator (NSFR)"
"An escape attempt is futile."
"Instant Karma"
"Reddit! I got you a present:)"
"What kind of car did Jesus drive?"
"Jesus drove a Honda but didn't talk about it"
"Oh  he HAS the moves"
"Just watching this makes them hurt... [NSFW]"
"Whenever I Talk to Someone and They don't respond."
"How we deal with breakups..."
"How to deal with break ups...."
"The tablecloth trick"
"Tada!... OH CRAP RUN"
"well this went wrong.."
"Just when you think something goes to plan....."
"The eyes have it. Ya rly."
"What do you see in the mirror?"
"Suck suck suck suck suck...."
"Saw this picture today."
"got milk? nope."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"joyride"
"The Brown Noise"
"asshole"
"what an ass hole"
"What an asshole"
"Sorry but this is my hole."
"How to pick up chicks"
"Oh how wrong I was"
"The science behind the jump"
"Redbull's worst nightmare"
"Don't let r/conspiracy see this"
"A gigantic crab caught in Australia"
"Normally I think they're delicious  but this just scares me..."
"Put on Your Dancing Jews"
"Mitzvah Rock Anthem"
"Dart Throwing Robot"
"When Imgur goes down"
"When somebody posts a video to reddit."
"Me when I only have a couple minutes left on break at work and a GIF is taking too long to load"
"Starting college. This is how I feel about unpaid internships"
"Whenever I see a imgur post with 30+ gifs attached."
"If I have to open your imgur link in a new tab."
"Whenever windows tells me I need to restart to update"
"I had a really good idea today.[Fixed]"
"Every time a store asks me to sign up for a &quot;rewards card&quot;"
"When a video has a 30 second ad that you can't skip after 5 seconds"
"When the recipe specify the cake taste better if stored in fridge over night"
"HIFW a professor tells me to check my work on a test"
"Homework"
"When an ad comes up in the middle of playing a game"
"when couples post pictures of themselves kissing on Facebook"
"What I think about Halloween costumes"
"What I think when I see all the elaborate Halloween costumes..."
"When I'm paying for something at a store and my mom or dad is with me and they suggest I pay with the exact amount of the total rather than just getting back change."
"Are you doing your part?"
"Saw this on r/Imgoingtohellforthis and kind of reminded me of you guys  even though it's a bit morbid...and strangely dwarfy!"
"What have you done to prevent aids?"
"How I feel downvoting reposts"
"Still one of my favorites [Probable repost]"
"Having your one upvote get downvoted to zero right away"
"How we all dont want to be treated on cakeday"
"I think most of us can relate."
"The models for &quot;American Gothic&quot;. Posing didn't seem that much of a stretch for them."
"Potatoes Gonna Potate"
"Cool Idea  Bro"
"Hopefully some sense into him as well"
"What i think &quot;Catching Fire&quot; did to the hunger games trilogy.[NSFW]"
"Its my cakeday  so here's a coffee mug crab!"
"Teapot crab."
"Tea for one."
"Best gif ever"
"Oldie but a Goodie"
"Yeah  You Teach That Pole!"
"One of my favourite ever gifs"
"Kill me."
"Later..."
"Still my favorite picture on the internet."
"I can't stop laughing"
"Killing Machine!"
"How to counter a takedown"
"Come at me  br... OK  you win!"
"Whenever I think I've found a witty insult to use [2]."
"Morgan Freeman has a cat on his head. Your argument is invalid."
"Real N*ggaz"
"'Murica..."
"This is why we stopped going to the petting zoo..."
"He's a little hungry"
