"Included in the informational packet given to performing artists before a sporting event."
"The White Pele"
"and who says technology has to be boring?"
"Troll cat"
"What a difference a few dollars makes in a lifetime [fixed]"
"still my favorite gif of all time"
"me trying to avoid a fight when my gf´s on her period..."
"Haha fatty made a funny"
"when in rome .. forever alone"
"I think I'll just take a nap right here."
"FUCK. I died."
"Poor Parker"
"James. Jonah Jameson what a Troll."
"Wendy I can fly!"
"Free Cat"
"Meanwhile  in British politics (via @The7thChamber)"
"Hulk can't bear it anymore"
"These delicious bastards (Back in the day)"
"The whale's gone  I swear  just get in the water... OH SHIT!!"
"Dat t[o]ngue"
"Different perspectives"
"I'm just going to leave this right here"
"A Panda Napping!"
"Nightmares."
"For my birthday  I present my favorite GIF. An oldy but goody."
"Dat ass"
"Dat Ass"
"Easily the most astute review ever written about The Jersey Shore"
"Schrodinger's Cat"
"So this is how you get eye cancer..."
"Picture this: I'm on a train  when suddenly"
"When my mom asks me to take off my sunglasses to see if I'm high  but I already used eyes drops."
"The Dalai Llama really cracks me up. He's so funny!"
"Chocolate Rain?"
"When my wife asks if I think that girl is pretty."
"They seemed to enjoy it"
"Get me the fuck out of here!"
"And the award for best reaction goes to..."
"Hilarious Prank"
"Baby Ruth!?!?"
"Education summed up..."
"Me every time my boss asks someone to volunteer to stay after their shift is done."
"Mitt Romney after Obama Endorses Gay Marriage"
"When I bitch somebody out  then find out I'm wrong"
"How it feels working for a large I-Bank and being on Reddit these days..."
"How I feel as a Penn State student right now."
"Walked in on my friend making out with a girl"
"How i felt after going on r/spacedicks for the first time..."
"*sniff* They grow up so fast!"
"Haha"
"Nice job..."
"How r/atheism really works"
"How I feel when almost all my Facebook friends share something I seen on reddit nearly 3 months ago."
"Just became a fan of the Women's Brazilian Olympic Volleyball team."
"poop poop poop"
"Hey Listen!"
"Don't mind me.."
"Googled &quot;Llama&quot; and i got &quot;The turd beast&quot;"
"I throw my hands upon the air sometimes!"
"Can't stop watching..."
"Sit back  relax  and let life be good."
"If elephants had no trunks and no ears..."
"A super-cute gif of a Corgi devouring a snowball."
"It seems like everyone on Reddit is really clever and when I try"
"How I feel accidentally x-post something."
"this is how i feel when i post something and it gets downvoted to hell"
"How I feel wearing a tight shirt in public"
"Douchebag Ryan."
"Doughnut escalator"
"I like to think they're siblings."
"Best friends"
"NOPE !!!!"
"What would happen if you got stung..."
"When I receive a complement on my drunken dance moves."
"So... Reddit likes bad tattoos?"
"They see me rollin.."
"You will become astronauts..."
"Fox and the ground"
"Please could somebody explain this."
"Better than me.."
"I spotted Sweet Dee skiing!"
"uuhhh. . .. . .. . ..whiskey tango fostrichtrot"
"Face it. You will never be this good."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Drifting bird!"
"Meanwhile In Canada"
"Littlefoot Bitches"
"Me when I skip ahead 2 minutes in a porn video. (SWF)"
"Okay just accelerate a little..."
"gifsounds didn't appreciate"
"Browsing reddit"
"Whenever the top comment completely explains the original post"
"fuck yo couch!!!!!"
"Serenade"
"How I feel when I loose three consecutive games against my friend."
"How to deal with other peoples children. (x-post from /gifs)"
"How to deal with other peoples children."
"Couldn't stop laughing at this"
"Tori making snake burgers?"
"Boxed Christmas cats"
"The redditor's dilemma"
"Bad parenting"
"She went full derp"
"I will have plenty of food to last through Hurricane Irene"
"I work for a certain coffee company and the customers have a sense of entitlement beyond belief. This is how I feel daily."
"I'm not saying that instrumental rationality is bad... just that it (by definition) does not constitute a moral framework in and of itself."
"&quot;Actors&quot;"
"An interesting view of a Japanese WWII plane  sunk in the South Pacific"
"Sunken Japanese WWII Plane in the South Pacific"
"Who was really responsible for 9/11"
"So  I googled Paula Dean. I am satisfied."
"MFW I realize there have been two major achievements for space exploration this year."
"Google Maps Win"
"I've seen this picture a bunch of times and still can't figure out what is happening. Any ideas?"
"Cute girl"
"Teeth."
"I do have a thing for chinese girls"
"Just found out its my 2nd year cake day. I don't have anything to original to post except one of my all time post from reddit."
"Looks like a pretty good pizza."
"Dogs don't get enough love on this subreddit. As a result: My two puppies"
"I found an XKCD that sums up everything Rick Santorum says"
"Canadian C.S.I."
"The Size of Planets [gif]"
"Puts things into perspective"
"X-Ray Picture"
"Dance magic dance"
"How I usually feel after leaving an all you can eat buffet."
"How I feel after going to a diner"
"Michael Jackson drinking vodka with two midgets?"
"If I was Carl Fredricksen from Pixar's movie  UP  I would want to land here."
"Still crying [6]"
"What the Fuck did I just read?"
"... when the ghost puts his penises up there the nose feels stuffed up."
"how my post do on Reddit"
"It's fucking Christmas so open your people and enjoy the day"
"Presents Opening Children"
"Christmas Fun!"
"I don't even know..."
"When I see people talking about how cold it is in their country"
"All my friends are dead."
"I don't blame him"
"Oh the possibilities..."
"Moses stop being a cunt!!"
"Best Spongebob Meme"
"He learned the hard way what it was like"
"browsing reddit at 3 A.M."
"Sand struck by lightning. (Photo by Ken Smith  National Geographic) [x-post from r/pics]"
"Dubai this morning. Sky city"
"Found out I overdrafted my last credit card and am still unemployed  but I still have it pretty good."
"You are more than fortunate."
"If the Girl with a Pearl Earring was modern"
"Lenin with His Cat  Speaking to an American Journalist in the Kremlin  1920 [468x631]"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"And not a single fuck was given."
"It's one of those days"
"Stop it Hulk  that wasn't one of the options. [Avengers Spoiler]"
"What I want to do to all the Diablo III posters"
"What visiting /new feels like when you're in a bad mood."
"Police raided a Redditors home"
"Seen on my FB newsfeed.."
"The tall and short of NBA: Manute Bol and Mugsy Bogues"
"SCIENCE inc."
"The Merciful Samaritan"
"Let's wash the Hedgehog!"
"When my girlfriend walks in on me fapping it"
"I'm tired of these motherf@#$in' snakes on my motherF@#$in' chain!!"
"Browsing r/WTF"
"Bruce."
"Duck in a sink"
"Tell it like it is  Spiderman"
"Tard the Grumpy Cat Makeup"
"Must be a repost but after trying to engage in sexitimes with girlfriend this is definitely true..."
"McDonald's great price on buttsex."
"When people found out dumbledore is gay"
"Sweeping"
"Nice view (pic)"
"On top of the world"
"Any idea where this place is?"
"What I think about all these rock posts lately."
"New Update on Hurricane Sandy RP?"
"Probably my favorite pic on the Internet."
"As someone who burns easy I can relate"
"Meow So Serious?"
"Like a boss?"
"Carl Sagan Knows Whats Up!"
"Happy Birthday to a great atheist"
"The Last Badass"
"Swag Jesus"
"I can has some privacy?"
"The University of Glasgow is the fourth oldest English speaking university in the world  the main neogothic building is frequently referred to as 'Hogwarts' by most students."
"may be a repost  but my favorite gif of all time"
"I'm really happy for you but imma finish"
"Tell me how you can look at this and not smile"
"Shut up  Charles"
"Ball so hard mother fuckers wanna find me"
"Don't think this move is in the Tony Hawk games."
"How I feel when my comment is downvoted by everybody but I'm still proud of it."
"Hard shell tacos. Every time..."
"Never ride alone!"
"bear play with funny boy!!!!!!!"
"Yay  my tax refund came in!"
"The 1%"
"How I see the battle between Notch and Humblebrony..."
"Going for a jog"
"...and not a fuck was given"
"Whenever somebody stares at my computer screen"
"just an ordinary shoes.... wait what?"
"FOR THE GLORY OF SATAN (xpost /WTF)"
"For the Glory of Satan!"
"Bless you!"
"If I sneeze  I eatz."
"Thats a nurse......"
"Public bathrooms in Norway"
"I asked my friend how she was doing... she sent me this."
"Alakazam!"
"Check out these flames"
"Still makes me laugh."
"Putting. NSFW. No  not even a little bit. [gif]"
"When I found out my ex-gf got pregnant twice and gained 50 lbs."
"Look guys  if there's a fire  we're all just gonna die  alright?"
"BDSM Hank Hill"
"Reddit summed up in one gif"
"Sick ass pic of a Volcano from space."
"Look out! It's Cat-zilla!!!!"
"My girlfriend just came back from a 3 month trip this about sums up my reaction when she came home."
"I ALMOST clicked on one of those fake download links today. My reaction when I realized..."
"So I googled Reddit in a nutshell..."
"The ballsiest move I have ever seen."
"Pickpocket Increased"
"The longer I look  the more it freaks me out....."
"Every time I see somebody else using an iPad with no case"
"When riding my scooter and I see a motorcyclist"
"Hubble has just finished its eXtreme Deep Field (XDF) project"
"Massive eyeball washes up on beach"
"Whenever i try post anything to reddit."
"Beautiful forest"
"Today is my reddit birthday. Here's a bacon narwhal!"
"This is my dinner tonight..."
"But is it midnight?"
"They're coming..."
"Freaky Grilled Cheese Girl"
"Ron Swanson  I moustache you an ∞ question."
"What the hell  man!?"
"Piglet"
"So how's *your* summer been?"
"How to have a proper threesome"
"Hot tubbing in an igloo village below Mt. Matterhorn in Switzerland"
"Jacuzzi on the Matterhorn"
"My Facebook news feed now that all my friends are having kids..."
"How I feel when browsing my facebook news feed."
"When I see all these &quot;First day of school&quot; posts"
"Sooo  I am a dad now...."
"Just some guy and his cats."
"To those who use Photobucket.."
"just chillin at the beach"
"Just hanging out"
"MFW They announced Pokemon Black and White 2"
"Giving the rabbit his bath."
"Bunny ish all wet"
"Tanning fail."
"Doing all the work. NSFW"
"Someone didn't get enough attention as a child..."
"Can someone bring me a ladder...please?"
"Bringing the old things back."
"Reddit  what are you favorite GIFs? I'll start."
"How I feel when I accidentally click a NSFL link"
"Missed my Cakeday while moving into college..."
"Going to /r/FiftyFifty the first time"
"Are you telling me you built a repost... out of a DeLorean?"
"If we had compound eyes."
"Whenever I tell a science joke to my friends"
"Me whenever someone brings up politics."
"A trip to the African Safari"
"I got sum new shoes !"
"Fucking Mars. That is all."
"Humans are awesome sometimes: A view from Greeley Haven  Mars"
"Is it wrong to laugh?"
"I love the onion"
"Very cute  you are."
"go we will"
"Yoda Makes Everything Better."
"worst escalator story"
"The not so 'safety' dance..."
"Making a million copies"
"Well  well  well. Would you look at the time."
"Damn I wish I could read."
"How To Get Welfare"
"Your leg is salty and hairy and I love it"
"Definition of a bad day"
"Fabulous powerlifter"
"After opening a pickle jar for mom"
"The white Carlton Banks"
"So  when you search &quot;Anne Hathaway&quot; on Google  this happens."
"I offer no explanatio"
"Left 4 Recess"
"Liu Kang Finish Her!"
"Amurhica. Fuck Yeah!"
"My next Spring Break location."
"North Korea is Best Korea"
"North Korea is Best Korea"
"For all of you poor  poor souls entrenched in finals."
"That feeling of a really wet fart"
"Probably the best Cartman cosplay ever."
"Why I never get anything done"
"ridiculously photogenic dog"
"How para-olympians are made"
"Why is stop sign blue?"
"creepy gramps being creepy"
"Will Smith goes North."
"Bob Ross with Raccoon"
"Mila Kunis"
"Walking away."
"How it feels after my first post makes it to the 4th page of r/all"
"Bear noize"
"Wino Cat"
"Creepy"
"This has to be some kind of mistake!"
"Every dog in the world"
"When one of my best friends tries to tell me why i need to &quot;give my life to god&quot;"
"spacesuits are for pussies"
"Hail Satan!"
"So I searched for &quot;angry old lady&quot; and this was on the first page..."
"LOL  look guys - I'm a unicorn!"
"The Ugliest Unicorn"
"Horny IRL"
"[pic] {wtf.ca} That Horn Looks....... Painful."
"Some humor in bad times"
"Oh look. The weather and my ex  in one news story."
"A sign at my local mechanic."
"I don't want to have Clank-Thud-Klank"
"Fortune Cookie Advice"
"The ORIGINAL Over Attached Girlfriend (FIXED)"
"Cats + box = you already know"
"Learn something for a change"
"Just that easy..."
"Evolutionary chain."
"A refreshing lunch"
"Rooby... Dooby... Doo!"
"Model rocket with perverted agenda"
"Something tells me I have been on Reddit for too long."
"This is Ringo  he's named after the Beatle"
"I love my cat..."
"So Fluffy!!!"
"Goodnight from us"
"Meanwhile in Scotland.."
"Soon."
"Why are u still on /r/wtf if you don't like the post"
"I don't get it... Things on the front page are what reddit likes the most!"
"But... but... but he's my friend"
"&quot;I'm sorry  they made me!&quot;"
"When I upvote a comment from -5 to -4."
"How I feel about Windows 8"
"Waking up after a long night."
"Screw Tylenol. I kill my headaches."
"Windows Security..."
"Abraham Lincoln on quotes."
"How I feel changing into shorts after wearing skinny jeans."
"Monk and Tiger sharing their meal"
"My reaction when I walked into class to find my professor was handing out candy"
"To anyone who doubts human evolution  here's a picture of a hairless chimp  our closest relative."
"You can't handle the cute"
"I think she broke her fat"
"So graceful"
"I don't know much spanish but....."
"Searching for KKK and found this..."
"Console comparison"
"Mean while on my newsfeed"
"Arise! [NSFW]"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"Our friend came over to baby sit last night"
"Interesting commercial by Dove showing nice models"
"Oh  just shut the fuck up and sign here"
"Grapefruits"
"Dat Lime"
"Popped up on my FB feed  made my Monday."
"Just a little closer.."
"Bathtime is a real Mission: Impossible  sometimes"
"False advertisement as its best"
"Women's Best Friend? Meet the Semen Demon."
"trying to get to the front page..."
"Racist?"
"Using the House of Horror pictures to locate a serial killer"
"Spork Theory"
"Yes  this is an actual PC game SCREENSHOT."
"First thing that came to mind."
"And then I was like"
"My Bike!"
"Noooo my bikeee"
"I see your Ronald Reagan riding a velociraptor  and raise you a bear riding Abe Lincoln."
"I don't even know."
"Well  Rowling did admit to Dumbledore being gay..."
"Challenge accepted."
"Challenge accepted."
"Smug Dog."
"What a grand idea!"
"Hedgehog problems"
"Some very cool (actual) pencil sculptures!"
"Library fun!"
"Where is this gif from?"
"Snooki has an orgy. (SFW)"
"What happens when you try to use iOS Maps..."
"Clownface"
"EVACUATE? NO THANKS"
"When a post is full of advice from teenagers."
"No one is safe."
"This should be fun"
"I've seen lots of graphics about the vastness of the universe  but this one will always have the biggest impact"
"Black Science Guy [FIXED]"
"After all the finals  I want to ditch the phone and go here."
"Woke up to this picture this morning. I'm not sure if I'm disgusted or impressed by this guy's shameless-ness."
"Words could not describe my happiness when I got these"
"Bitch I'm Fabulous"
"Look at this dog."
"Look At This Dog"
"Star-nosed mole"
"Gross."
"500 Days of Poo"
"Nutella!!!"
"Nutella!! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Worst.Blowjob.Ever (repost)"
"Long story short..."
"Amazing Rainbow Over My School's Football Stadium"
"How I feel getting excited for my cakeday only to realize it was yesterday."
"I still watch this ALL DAY!"
"90s nostalgia"
"Baby chameleon"
"So you like silly looking cats? How about my friend's shaved kitty?"
"Calm this shit down..."
"jealousy"
"Yay or Nay"
"After the movie funds dried up  Snow White went downhill fast..."
"I can't explain this picture I just love it"
"Tim Lincecum was in dazed and confused?"
"Dammit Moses"
"The Geological Record According to creationists"
"NOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
"Just airplanes playing tic-tac-toe"
"Just airplanes playing tic-tac-toe (x-post r/funny)"
"Is this one of those &quot;Fuck everything about that&quot; moments?"
"How I feel downvoting a mod"
"Fuck da Police!"
"I saw Pegasus yesterday."
"never!"
"RA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA-TA"
"running so quick i turned black"
"MOM DID YOU MISS ME!!!"
"This guy found the 4th hole. (NSFW)"
"found this gem when I was searching for Me Gusta."
"Want some candy?"
"It takes so much work to get these!"
"accurate"
"Think I'll just check out Reddit for a bi... shit!"
"My Computer Needs This"
"The world through a drop of water."
"Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map"
"Atheist quotes don't have to be deep and philosophical to be awesome"
"Your superhero name is going to suck..."
"Your super hero name is: (no cheating)"
"riding my bike through the aftermath of Boston's gay pride parade"
"aww"
"I don't always get spam in my mailbox  but when I do  it contains freaky ass images. This was in a viagra spam letter."
"&quot;Tree Man&quot; skin disease"
"Jesusing... It's a thing"
"For Jesus  Walking on Water Has its Pros and Cons..."
"Poor RoboCop!"
"Probably the only Patrick I would like."
"Our Amazing Society."
"When I finish an assignment in class"
"One of the saddest pictures I've seen."
"A baby fennec fox!"
"Office Space - Windows Fax machine beat down. [wallpaper] - HELL YEAH"
"I've cleaned my computer  but it's still slow!"
"Nuts  really wanted a PB &amp; J  guess I will make a grilled cheese!"
"To people who say removing helmets from football will solve the concussion issue"
"How I feel when my gf tells me about her day"
"Meanwhile  in 38.000ft..."
"Embroidery."
"Everything is getting converted to 3D these days"
"How I feel about Felix Baumgartner right now"
"Someone saw this coming."
"Score? Fucks - 0"
"Beached Iceberg"
"Harden"
"Friend saw this in the juniors department."
"Hostess filing for Chapter 11"
"First thing I thought of when I heard that Hostess was filing for bankruptcy"
"Even as an adult  I still love doing this."
"Oh Japan  you so. . .. . ..wait  what!?"
"Meanwhile  some men..."
"Ladies  please.."
"Try to resist this"
"The March of Tyranny"
"The March of Tyranny"
"Perfect combo"
"Nicki Minaj in a few years"
"Transformation"
"what is this I dont even..."
"Ass Expander"
"Trapped A Spider Under The CD Cover. Then  The Next Morning..."
"Pew Pew Pew!"
"Fuck you I'm a cat"
"WHAT HAVE I DONE?"
"I don't even know..."
"When I walk into the wrong class."
"Walked in on my parents once..."
"Reading the comments on 9gag after having left it well over a year ago"
"Me When I accidently dropped my last dollar in the Subway tip jar"
"How I feel after clearing over 20 GB of data off of my computer."
"How it feels cleaning six months of my ex-girlfriend's text messages from my phone's inbox"
"Going from my phone to my laptop"
"How I feel changing my school schedule around so I get off at 1:30."
"I had a physical today  and the doctor asked me if I'm sexually active..."
"Whaaaa???"
"Los Pollos Hermanos"
"Shower Prank NSFW"
"Nope. Don't care."
"Aaaand he's gone."
"Life goes on"
"Missed my cake day.... anyone else joining the club?"
"Jumbo Jet skids off of short runway; No survivors."
"The $50 Lesson"
"Well... Fine..."
"How I feel on Mondays."
"HIFeltW I heard my ex-girlfriend now deals meth"
"Makes me think of my brother who joined the military one year and two months ago. I love you  Riley."
"Many of us are probably going to post stuff like this on social media  but lets be classy about it.."
"My psycho ex wants to get back together."
"Shaving my legs while my boyfriend is at his parents for the holidays"
"When Post Is a Link to an Article"
"Edinburgh Castle"
"Can't say that I have..."
"Whenever I'm winning in an Argument"
"Father and son - one person"
"hahahaha WTF"
"Evolution at its finest!"
"Target acquired"
"Target selected"
"Wrong shirt choice for visiting day at convalescent home"
"Kith!"
"The First Time I Went Down On A Girl."
"The first time I tried to do a chemistry lab. (I am a dog)"
"My first day in management"
"How I feel pretty much any time I interact with a vagina"
"Bought Soul Calibur 5 today."
"How I feel graduating from college in a month"
"The parts to my new $800 gaming PC came in today"
"How I feel note taking in class as a psych teacher rambles"
"Nice try  blue."
"Dis Shit Don't Stop.."
"Dis shit don't stop."
"x/post from r/exmormon had to share"
"I would save so much money..."
"Redditors would save so much money..."
"Family photo fall"
"Brilliant(er)"
"This is what happens to the Downtown market in Charleston  SC when it rains...with a high tide."
"Shopping in a flood"
"Charleston Market 08/28/2012  Charleston  SC"
"Guys tatoos a Penis on the forehead of a passed-out kid."
"Tomorrow is Ash Wednesday. I've decided to give up reddit for Lent. This is gonna be me for the next 40 days."
"When you're waiting to hear back about a potential job offer."
"How I feel after telling a joke that no one finds funny..."
"Ant carrying a microchip (pic)"
"Engarde!"
"Come up with a good title for this. I dare you."
"Happens at any ski resort."
"All the single Nigels  all the single Nigels..."
"How I feel about the Obama AMA"
"Be polite"
"China building a Stargate!"
"Yo dog  I heard you like dog..."
"This mask took guts to make"
"The pedophile in Sims"
"Dat Ass !"
"Super high five."
"never fuck around with a pro !"
"Today my username is on the left  reddit is on the right  and the tray represents comments."
"Like a boss"
"instant karma"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Cafeteria Ninja"
"Bitch I'm fabulous"
"Betty white on social networking"
"Ninja Cat 2.0 {GIF}"
"The new duck fish feeder seems to be doing well."
"Just a Duck feeding Koi"
"One for you  and one for you  and one for you."
"How I Feel Most Mondays"
"what it feels like the first day of a new job and i have to fart."
"Chaos... Violence"
"GUYS! GUYS! SQUIRREL! GUYS! SQUIRREL! [OC]"
"Equilibrium"
"Equilibrium"
"Equilibrium"
"How to get free lunch (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Before we praise or criticize the new Facebook for iPhone app  let's never forget where we previously were."
"This is making me &quot;Jackie Chan face&quot; so hard right now. Saw this &quot;meme&quot; on FB"
"Seriously  Claire?"
"Seriously  Claire?"
"This makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Mom  stop! All the other kids are looking at us!"
"I see your grumpy cat and raise you a Jules cat."
"lol"
"just chillin bro"
"Protective Father? - Imgur"
"Cuddles"
"Denny is a badass..."
"The classroom of the future!"
"Ladybug After the Rain"
"Morning dew"
"Walked in on my roommate and his girlfriend last night..."
"I got 7 Karma in about a minute. My reaction exactly"
"The hipster"
"road rage + nerd rage = bad times."
"Handicap-ready stairs"
"Wat i look like doin Laundry at an [8]"
"My favorite Fight Club art"
"Oh  those doggers [OC]"
"How I feel about Game of Thrones premiere tonight"
"Every second that I'm playing Diablo 3"
"When my first post on Reddit gets upvoted"
"Its my friends birthday so I put this on his facebook"
"When a teacher uses my work as an example."
"I realized I joined Reddit four years ago  the day after my real birthday."
"Hot damn  its my 1st ever cake day!"
"Oh baseball..."
"Best baseball juke of all time!"
"Not sure if being mean or helping?...."
"Lion King real life !"
"Escalator."
"Escalating"
"Growing up with an abusive &quot;father&quot;"
"How they do it in Detroit."
"Enjoy."
"It's thirsty work being the doctor"
"Hate all you want  you know you'll buy some"
"What is going on here?"
"Fairly odd parents - The teen years"
"Well  that freaked me out."
"EVERYONE!!"
"What comes around goes around."
"what happens when you leave your car unlocked in Canada [FIXED]"
"Interesting Ad placements"
"Panda pretending to be a Human on the Plane"
"So cute that it ruined my life."
"A panda seated in the passenger seat of a commercial airliner"
"Yoda and Vader learned a new trick: pug-formation!"
"Enemies"
"F*ck the police"
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth"
"Just another reason 4chan is full of dicks"
"Being 6'2&quot;  how I feel when then couch is taken up and I have to lay down on the love seat..."
"My professor canceled class today and I was all like..."
"Bust a move funky brotha"
"Deadpool spinning"
"Whenever itunes needs to update."
"a soccer injury that wasn't faked."
"Candles can be lit by their vapor trail"
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"The most unneeded desktop shortcut of all time."
"Big Jake  the tallest horse in the world (Original Image)"
"When I see a user post the same link to more than one sub."
"This always made me laugh."
"Fridays in Kazakhstan"
"When my roommate and I have the same day off work."
"finding out that i have two finals on the same day"
"I googled &quot;Holy Fucking helll&quot; and I found this..."
"So I heard you like transformers"
"Tell them what I said about gays!"
"Obama 2012"
"He had so much to live for"
"I'm a super senior graduating college in a few months  and I'm so goddamn sick of school. This was my reaction when my dad suggested I go for my Master's degree."
"Trying to stay awake to study for a test."
"Link being Link"
"Class participation"
"Don't lie  you did this."
"Mmmm... lime... UGH FUCK WHAT FUCK NO UGH WHAT THE"
"How my girlfriend reacts when she tries something new"
"When I use too much sriracha sauce..."
"Well  that's pretty darned cute."
"Fuck yo couch"
"I can't stop watching this"
"In bed at 3am on a monday night realizing i forgot to do my homework [fixed]"
"How I feel after reading the transcripts from the debate"
"Pickle Toothpaste?"
"I'll just leave this here"
"aww yea"
"A pirate will be born in 3...2...1..."
"A little black humor for Reddit today"
"That awkward moment when everyone is singing you happy birthday."
"Overly Attached Girlfriend And Her &quot;Souvenirs&quot;"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend??"
"Guys..? Guys listen.."
"Guys just hear him out!"
"Can't wait for this time of year."
"Walken In A Winter Wonderland"
"I see your Walken in the stars and I raise you this..."
"In the shadow of Saturn: NASA's Cassini drifted in giant planet's shadow for about 12 hours in 2006 and looked back toward the eclipsed Sun"
"favorite flavor"
"Saw this while watching the three little pigs with my cousin."
"Fighting work with work"
"Most Interesting Man and his iPod"
"Happens to me every time... But at least I don't repost!"
"I Don't Always Feel I am on top of the Geen Pool ..."
"How most of Reddit get Karma"
"Jumping into an ice cold lake."
"Reddit summer meet up at the beach."
"And for my next magic trick"
"New PSP console"
"Common cultural miscommunication."
"Well  if this shouldn't be here  where should it be?"
"If I fits  I most certainly sits."
"I still have night terrors about this box... O_O"
"Make a wish!"
"Under mah umbrella ella ella eh? eh?"
"Caught in a landslide  no escape from reality."
"Look into her eyes - don't break eye contact  keep staring into those eyes."
"She could not see the ball..."
"How to sit at a computer correctly"
"What I imagine being on the frontpage is like"
"OH SHIT"
"How I feel when my new posts has no votes..."
"When you get on Reddit and see it's April 1st."
"Friend of mine asked pizza hut to draw a snowman on the box..."
"So your God created orchids and hummingbirds and butterflies and roses? That's cool."
"It's like looking at the sun."
"Mars Rover snaps a stunning photo. [FIXED]"
"Real Life Hermes Conrad"
"Keep Calm and - STOP! (x-post from r/Design)"
"Quality Parenting"
"CRUNKBABY"
"I just got the humble bundle and installed amnesia. This is me after playing for 5 mins"
"They got him good...."
"These aren't safe waters for you..."
"How I see today."
"If."
"Trick or treat?"
"&quot;You are not the father&quot; - Turkish Edition."
"i know somewhere here is responsible for this"
"Reddit  I present to you  the cat elevator."
"For my cake day  I present you with ... I don't even know. Just take it."
"Winter in Canada"
"They see me rollin'"
"I know that feel..."
"But he could not stop..."
"Living in Tampa  these faces are pretty tame compared to what I see on a daily basis here. [Xpost from WTF_Florida]"
"This needs to be reposted"
"So I took this picture of a crow yesterday."
"The first time I saw Bob Saget after Full House."
"As someone who enjoys football/soccer and american football  this is my message to both sides of the discussion"
"Seems to work."
"Party in the backyard"
"Zombie Pancake"
"That moment when..."
"That moment..."
"When I come home drunk late enough to catch my parents waking up"
"Sick of your shit!"
"Pelease do not touch the animals"
"The single greatest picture on the inter-webs."
"One  please."
"I predict this to be the most popular photo tomorrow"
"Better late than never."
"By far  my favorite picture of 2 cats and a dog."
"Photo of bubble  floating in the air  with the sunset visible in its reflection"
"Hugging a lion"
"DAT ASS[SFW]"
"pencilface"
"Hurr-Durr Pencil"
"Don't think I'll be able to use this gif in a thread unless I'm being insensitive as hell"
"Ridiculously photogenic asian guy"
"Non-toxic Gallium has a melting temp below your body temp..."
"Boop that head!"
"Wake up every morning and look at this photo  you will never start your day with a bad mood"
"how i feel downvoting new posts"
"d-d-d-drop the bass [x-post from funny]"
"Troll Dolphin"
"Where would I even begin?"
"We made it!!!"
"Had a lot of headaches lately  then this came up to scare me"
"Like a boss"
"Like a boss!"
"Funny...I don't exhibit any of those signs"
"How I feel after failing my certification test for a second time..."
"Rocky women"
"I thought this wasn't allowed"
"How I feel after the first bike ride of the season."
"wait for it  wait for it  wait for it  wait for it  there you go!"
"This is too cool. I want one &quot;my sized.&quot;"
"Transkindaformer"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"How I feel when I try to use the syntax &quot;!=&quot; for &quot;does not equal&quot; in VB..."
"Here is a picture of a Baby Polar Bear getting tickled... you're welcome reddit."
"How the west was won. 1870"
"Down in the valley of awesome"
"MORTAL KOMBAT!!!!"
"The Last picture of the Bounty (Replica of the HMS Bounty) as she sank on Oct 29th in bad weather from Hurricane Sandy"
"Use the other door please"
"Tired Frenchie is tired"
"Soccer  at it's finest."
"Kochia Hill  Hitachinaka City  Japan"
"How I react when someone says something mean to me (.gif)"
"The moment my friend tells me &quot;Hope you used a condom!&quot; and realizing I made a huge mistake"
"There are monsters living under your bed"
"The media is to blame."
"An amazing shot of lightning with an active volcano"
"Well fuck you too then..."
"Well  fuck you too."
"Apple Maps  you aren't helping..."
"Pew Pew Pew"
"Stealthy cat is stealthy"
"Stealthy cat is stealthy"
"how I feel everyday at work"
"Repost from r/wtf but I thought it belonged here"
"I am totally getting this made into a t-shirt"
"Oh Putin  you so silly"
"Billy Mays on money."
"Everyday I'm Shufflin' [GIF]"
"..why am I laughing so hard at this?"
"When I found out it was my cakeday today"
"Fuck your Honda Civic...."
"I can't stop watching this."
"The last 5% of a download"
"How would one say &quot;Conga&quot; in Dragon?"
"Whenever one of my posts takes off."
"Surfers on foam-covered waves in Karitane  New Zealand. It's caused by chemicals entering the sea after flooding.."
"beautiful bug"
"Rainbow leaf beetle"
"Schrute on Lemons"
"When someone tells me &quot;it's gonna be a long day...&quot;"
"Don't piss me off!"
"What time is it when you're out of ice cream?"
"My friend's daughter just got her school pictures."
"I can totally make this jump!"
"Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnope on a vagoogoo. (NSFW)"
"High Art."
"&quot;Poking&quot; fun at the Sistine Chapel [nsfw]"
"Look how cute they are playing together!"
"Living in L.A. and visit Compton I feel this is neccessary to bring."
"Why God never got a PhD"
"An important date in BTTF"
"How Republicans see progressive taxes:"
"Whenever I am browsing Reddit and see a post about someones cat"
"Adventure Time pencil carving."
"Every attempt i make at the front page"
"What I think of when people tell me climate change is a hoax..."
"What if it's a big hoax?"
"Hey guys  I heard Ubisoft just made their DRM more reasonable!"
"So i came across this today on my feed"
"happy martin luther king  jr. day"
"When you and a friend are sleep deprived and can't stop laughing.."
"Who made this?"
"I'M OUT!"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"Meanwhile  in Russia."
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"How I Feel After Seeing Atrocities Committed In The Name Of Religion"
"Super Chuck Norris"
"Super Chuck Norris (x-post from r/gaming)"
"when windows 98 and 512mb ram was perfect "
"Come on Facebook..."
"How I feel on a good Day...."
"Greatest social fear"
"Child's skull with baby teeth and adult teeth"
"Whenever I use the handicapped stall in the bathroom."
"When I park in the garage compared to my wife"
"Is this why women &amp; children are supposed to go 1st?"
"My favorite fucking gif."
"classy guy"
"&quot;I am sleeping in the rain&quot; - Guy at the bottom"
"r/politics today"
"How to troll on the job"
"Saving this gif for when an upvote just isn't enough"
"the best pool ever"
"I'd vote for that."
"Its a trap!"
"Now try it on LSD (Disclaimer: You might not want to try this on LSD)"
"Don't prank me bro."
"You know  it's true."
"Odin 1  Jesus 0"
"You know i think Thor said it best:"
"have you seen one around?"
"I know which God I believe in"
"Found these cuties while browsing the web  sharing is caring."
"How I feel most days working in IT"
"How I feel when I receive a chain email from a relative"
"Cat Norris"
"A day off for Predator."
"So...yeah..."
"That moment when the video you posted to r/science got more upvotes a week ago in r/trees"
"The soup of the day..."
"Yoga Retreat..."
"Eminem"
"She ain't even mad"
"Not even the bacon can save this meatloaf"
"Christian Rock"
"Hell on earth."
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"Fuck you."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Sup... (xpost from r/funny)"
"Watch out ladies...my 92 year old grandfather is single [FIXED]"
"Sliding Dirty"
"How I feel every time one of my links gets down voted"
"When my original content gets downvoted..."
"We'll be taking this now."
"I hate people using their kids in protests in general but this is especially awful."
"Islam and religious tolerance."
"This guy really doesn't like juice"
"When someone disables comments on their Youtube video.."
"Love"
"An utterly adorable GIF of a large dog lovingly kissing a small bunny on it's little rabbity nose."
"*boop*"
"wise words from ron swanson."
"The Last Tennis Ball....."
"As an avid climber  this is my zombie apocalypse emergency shelter."
"There's not?"
"I don't think she'd like it."
"Hover hands? Please  I'm Gabe Fucking Newell"
"5 500 Galaxies In One Picture"
"I got off of Reddit having 27 karma  when i got on the next day i had 197  this is how i felt..."
"Cyberpunk Wallpapers. Paris 2084."
"How I feel when I first get on reddit"
"Do as I say...."
"Just an example of the fine police force we have here in Ohio."
"spoiler alert well not really"
"New Monkey Discovered  Looks Like Man In Monkey Suit"
"I would too  poor little bunny."
"Funny box"
"How I feel trying to explain atheism to a creationist. (Also  cakeday submission)"
"Perfect timing"
"Dat accuracy"
"Dat accuracy"
"Poor Patrick"
"Coke  its whats for dinner"
"Buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh"
"Every Damned Time  Reddit."
"Aquarium Bed [500 x 405]"
"Hold on Shaniqua  we goin down!"
"WE GOIN DOWN!!"
"Jesus is a bad ass."
"checkmate atheist."
"I swear  it jumped out right in front of me!"
"clearly these types of things happen"
"Running Laps [gif]"
"Running Laps"
"How I feel when I come to school with a pack of gum."
"Whenever someone at my LGS opens some packs."
"KFC Witness O_o"
"It's my cake day and..."
"My friend is an aspiring artist  here's one of his works. What do you think reddit?"
"After lurking for a bit without ever posting  I finally decided to put up this self portrait of my girlfriend. Please be honest. Hope you guys like it"
"After knettel37's rise to fame  I thought I'd post a painting I did yesterday."
"After making a spelling error on Reddit."
"The Waterfall Nebula"
"uuhhmm... the fuck?"
"If I had one hour to live..."
"Going to work on a monday."
"The internet never ceases to find ways to ruin my childhood."
"How I feel when picking my bike back up from the shop"
"When my girlfriend types in 'r' in the address bar and Reddit shows up first instead of redtube."
"Condescending Jupiter"
"10 years ago  this underrated masterpiece came out..."
"I believe this belongs here."
"Am I the only one that thinks this is hilarious?"
"My new favourite network."
"Tried to find a wireless network to connect to at my mother's salon and this came up."
"So trying to get Wifi in school and found this gem."
"Not bad wifi not bad"
"I didn't realize there was a Taco Bell next door."
"this came up on my facebook newsfeed.."
"In the name of the Father  The Son  and the Holy Force."
"Every time someone walks by my desk when I am on Reddit"
"Call me maybe Back to the Future style."
"In a relationship."
"Calling all Hipsters"
"Christmas carol"
"This is why I love WWE"
"Raaaatatatatata"
"thought this belonged here [NSFL]"
"Why Does This Make Me Laugh So Hard?"
"How to entertain yourself while Reddit is down:"
"Wait for it......"
"I just purchased a Taylor Swift song on iTunes."
"I heard you like pugs."
"pugception"
"Pure Laziness."
"laziness lvl over 9000"
"Wow! What a great deal!"
"Grandmas"
"Fear it!"
"fear the almighty"
"Some YouTube comments never fail to amuse me."
"Kayak pool dive"
"When a thread goes well then backfires."
"He died for your spins"
"Luna"
"Midnight"
"What does this even mean?!"
"That suit makes you look like..."
"They See me Rollin'...."
"Every boy's dream bike..."
"Paint War (Berlin  Germany)"
"Better take my dog for a walk..."
"As an American  if you do this FUCK YOU"
"Keep Rollin Rollin Rollin"
"Oh no  I'm not sleepy."
"Puppy trying his best to stay awake"
"how i feel about all the 9gag post here and on facebook recently"
"Tip of my hat to those scammers  but ultimately"
"When my ex asks of I will come to the US for Thanksgiving."
"Grumpy cat in the news room (x-post from r/tardcat)"
"This is my couch bitch!"
"What's the one thing you need in a bear attack?"
"What the fuck is this."
"Well  which is it Mr. President?"
"This is why I love cats"
"Dogs vs. Cats"
"When my sister asks me if I've met someone yet."
"Whatcha thinkin' about?"
"All is fair in love and war .."
"Doing the DQ test ..."
"Just a guy going grocery shopping."
"Kinda reminds me of party boy from jackass"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
"The three Mars rovers compared to humans"
"when liberal &quot;Christians&quot; try to debate me"
"World's Highest Freefall  Felix Baumgartner"
"CAUTION!"
"Wizard caught on tape"
"I knew this would make it better..it didn't"
"Sincerest apologies.."
"Yo dawg..."
"After I finish a blunt by myself"
"Sure!"
"Dammit  Carl!"
"Have you seen my..."
"He can also walk through walls and fly."
"cock magnet"
"He wants to sleep with you...."
"Haikus."
"Peaceful protest in Afghanistan: How do atheists reconcile the contradiction that atheists and muslims alike can engage in hateful murder and peaceful protest  as well?"
"Sums up my new puppy copying my older dog when company visits"
"Shake"
"A friend just posted this on Facebook  thought it was reddit worthy."
"This is the reason why the &quot;Like if...&quot; pictures don't really effect me."
"Saw this on facebook today  are you effing kidding me?"
"How I feel with my new George Foreman grill."
"When a repost hits the front page"
"Sounds legit"
"So I guess they weren't fond of his jokes.."
"So I googled &quot;Best picture on the internet&quot;...."
"Reddiculous"
"Not sure if this is a repost. It belongs on reddit though"
"I googled for 'typical redditor'"
"Just Flip A Coin"
"Nightmares."
"Oo  pretty."
"Right in the childhood."
"No wonder Piglet was always nervous"
"Why I won't go swimming with you guys? [nsfw]"
"Brb  just going to the toilet"
"BLAST OFF!"
"When a hammerhead shark has a human baby...."
"This your brain on acid...."
"The least appreciated new Disney Prince."
"Repost or not... it still made me lol on this shitty...shitty... Wednesday."
"Hey I just met you..."
"It's a jarring statistic"
"always use Flash"
"Proper lighting makes all the difference."
"Soon..."
"When my girlfriend wants to go to bed and I've just sharted."
"Finally winning an argument on the internet and realizing nobody gives a fuck."
"Crazy Insane Space Walk"
"Everyone who posts Nate Silver today."
"Reasons for why cats are great"
"My friend just told me EA is better than Valve because Counter-Strike's graphics are &quot;just bad in every way.&quot;"
"whenever I see an asian person laugh"
"Team Work!"
"Amalgamation of Hotness. [SFW]"
"I love Natalie Johansson/Scarlett Portman"
"Happy Independence Day America  fuck yeah"
"I said  &quot;Laugh and call me names One More Time!&quot;"
"a pandemonium of pandas"
"The end of the tongue (proboscis) of a hummingbird hawkmoth"
"Alzheimer's"
"Hadouken Fish!"
"Actually went outside today and found this."
"too good to be true?"
"Trolling the cat."
"Access denied..."
"What is this wizardry"
"This never gets old"
"How I feel when a comment I made is downvoted to THE BOTTOM of a page."
"Jean Claude KNOWS"
"be careful not to swallow your bubble gum!"
"Clicking on a /r/Spacedicks link with a friend."
"Ooh  a box...AAHHhhhhh"
"Not sure why I have this..."
"Why would you draw something like this"
"Penis Head"
"Getting on the freeway near the neighboring retirement community."
"Yeah  that's what i meant Google"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"He's a demon on wheels!"
"kittty dilema"
"Rejected LOL OWNED"
"Homophobia"
"Gayest GIF Ever - I lol'd."
"What is going on? I wasn't gone long at all."
"The feeling after sleeping with a random person."
"Not sleeping for two days  waking up the next."
"As a European looking at all these NFL posts"
"My Reaction to /r/gaming Today"
"After getting out of a full day of classes..."
"Why was this  burying a body 6-8 feet below a dog  brought up?"
"An unexpected side effect of the 2010 flooding in parts of Sindh  Pakistan  was that millions of spiders climbed up into the trees to escape the rising flood waters..."
"Fisherman level: John Rambo"
"That's so easy"
"I trusted youuu"
"I just...t-Rex shoes...WTF?"
"Meanwhile  in Norway..."
"Picture of the Black Forest in Germany by Mathias Rehberg [2560 x 1600]"
"If only hotel sinks weren't this scummy."
"Two Spider Best Friends Forced To Do Battle"
"Dancing with myself!"
"The Weather Channel has decided it will name winter storms. A lot of you will like &quot;Storm Draco.&quot; (cross-post)"
"It's shit like this on Facebook...."
"oooo that's nice"
"Buzzted..."
"Goddamn Nature Valley bars."
"Baby elephants in a baby pool."
"Elephant in a pool"
"A Very Portal Christmas Tree"
"Pretty cool ring"
"when i realize im too fat to see my penis"
"Andrew WK's dog"
"Ants are fucking dicks."
"My Cake Day So Far..."
"Why Not"
"I ran naked with my boyfriend because I am a pimp"
"Should i get a cat? should i get a dog? why not both! (Cat-dog)"
"All dogs go to heaven."
"Some churches are fun"
"Meat Bieber"
"Girl I just wanna get in your Bikini Bottom"
"Iron Man just doing his job."
"Snatch my purse and die."
"What i think about marijuana being illegal in the US."
"Me after trying to pay for Tim Hortons in Canada with American Money"
"When my phone won't let me use my flashlight cause the battery is below 20%."
"Proving Atheists Wrong With Science #1 -- I guess this settles it!"
"Apparently proving atheists wrong. NO  JUST NO!"
"A friend likes to make me angry. Don't know if i should laugh or cry."
"AND MY AXE"
"Belfast's anti-drug campaign."
"Friend's silly Photoshop of my Facebook photo went viral last year and we only just found out. (Original in comments)"
"Soon?"
"How I feel when my karma triples overnight."
"Did somebody say repost?"
"Tips To Stay Out Of Jail"
"How I feel when I put things on reddit"
"After eating all the holiday baking before the holidays..."
"Green Lake - Austria"
"how to quickly trim your facial hair"
"Magnetic liquid"
"Whats wrong with this guy!!!!!!!!!!"
"A  &quot;legendary &quot; advertisement for North Dakota."
"Didn't know this sub existed until today.. I think I found a new hobby."
"Boss."
"Just real life..."
"ouch"
"Apply water to burned area..."
"I quit..."
"What's That On My Screen ?"
"Meth Lab"
"Where'd he go?"
"Happy birthday Walrus"
"A walrus' reaction to his birthday cake."
"Most WTF gif on the internet? Bitch please."
"Aww  isn't that cute..... GAAAAAAAAAHHHHH"
"I think we should start distributing these..."
"This printable pamphlet has sat on my hard drive for years. Hope you enjoy."
"Coming to an arcade near you."
"No thank you.. No thank you.."
"Here's a game I would love to see on Steam"
"Cute kitten"
"Just a kitten hugging it's own face"
"She's obviously not doing it right"
"This just melted my heart"
"I'm surprised how well this works"
"Baby Carl Fredricksen from Up!"
"Cutest UP costume. EVER."
"probably the cutest Halloween costume I've seen!"
"Doesn't work as well IRL."
"Found this on facebook . Todays youth is just dumb"
"swag bombs"
"Found this one on my facebook feed.."
"How I feel whenever I see a couple"
"Just browsing wordpress..."
"The Mighty Thorgi!"
"It's a Thorgi."
"Thanksgiving Barbie"
"Optimus Prime does what any redditor would do..."
"What they see (x-post from r/forwardsfromgrandma)"
"Who else remembers playing with the greatest sports athlete of all time?"
"zombies are better than us"
"One caption can make all the difference..."
"What People in the 80's Thought Michael Jackson would Look Like in year 2000"
"Gets me every time."
"Nope! No! Hell no!"
"Run...run for your lives."
"My Fav Pic"
"How I feel on a first dinner date."
"Finland...Fuck yeah."
"OH SHIT! Friday night!"
"Some of the iPhones 5's that have been shipped today."
"Girl rats out her sister  sister posts girl's 'hook-up' list to facebook while tagging all those on the list"
"hhhnnnnnnnng NOPE"
"whenever i see a page-long pun-train in the comments section"
"Pardon me  could you hold this for a moment?(nsfw)"
"My reaction when Copenhagen was in the newest episode of Family Guy"
"MFW school is cancelled on the due date of a project I procrastinated the SHIT out of"
"Puglia's cave restaurants and bars  Italy."
"True Love"
"oh Canada  you so silly..."
"The cloud tree"
"Good Timing"
"When my ex says  &quot;but I still want to be friends.&quot;"
"Whoever came up with this schools mascot..."
"Nickelodeon sure has changed [slightly NSFW]."
"That's a damn shame"
"Perspective"
"How all of my attempts to get any Karma have gone"
"Onward noble steed"
"I don't know about you guys  but I would love to see a remake of this game."
"This guy still deserves a sequel!"
"Remember this guy?"
"Just follow the trail of puppies..."
"The Church of the Smiling Vagina - Stand up comedy from Jamie Kilstein"
"MacGyver Action Kit"
"I wonder why this never got popular."
"I try to fits"
"For my cake day  have a dump of my reaction/funny gifs folder."
"Got to my midterm classroom early. Turns out there was still a lecture going on."
"Walking into a bathroom that someone recently pooped in"
"Whenever I walk in and my parents are in an argument"
"When you go to your friend's house and his girlfriend is over."
"How I feel when I realize I've clicked an r/TwoXChromosomes thread as a guy."
"Can anybody say....kickass?!"
"Tinkerbell's vagina... RIGHT in the childhood."
"Tried to do the DIY Bane mask"
"Scumbag Reddit Atheist"
"A message to new Redditors"
"iPhones"
"What I learned from 9th and 10th Grade Global Class"
"Dwarf Fortress is a VERY complex game."
"Whenever theres a breakthrough in science..."
"Moving to Canada?"
"The Absolute Worst"
"Programmer's pain."
"Spoiler?"
"My acute fear of pooping in public restrooms brought me to this realization the other day [x-post from advice animals]"
"How Abe feels when he stumbles into /r/politics"
"My reaction when I open a link with too much text and no picture."
"Megapiranha in real life."
"Every time I try to solve a problem and someone interrupts me."
"Every time I click a &quot;When you see it...&quot; post."
"Fuck the police!"
"Fuck the police!"
"The first time I tried masturbating"
"Ahhh..."
"With a username like mine  this is how I feel trying to be serious on Reddit..."
"Back the FUCK up"
"She's not  I checked."
"Snortin' some coke."
"A little harsh today  are we?"
"Checked out what the internet thinks about stuff..."
"The History of Man"
"So I was revising for an exam when..."
"I burned my finger [x-post from /r/mildyinteresting]"
"I forgot about my Cake Day."
"Remembering Spotify shares what you play after listening to  &quot;Ironic&quot; by Alanis Morissette. I am a male."
"Somebody I used to know(FIXED)."
"Hangover cat needs to get his shit together"
"After going to a party and not coming home"
"How I feel after a heavy night drinking"
"Now I remember why I don't watch Thomas anymore."
"Smells like ass..."
"Why So Curious?"
"What I feel like when I see posts that go like this... &quot;Hey Reddit one time something happened to me  anything similar happen to you ;)?&quot;"
"The goddamn batman"
"Cyclist fail"
"Improvisation at it's best..."
"So what if my iPod broke..."
"Ghetto Music Player: Doin' it right"
"Ignore that this Is a repost and concentrate on the pile of bacon beside him"
"The humiliation is too overwhelming"
"Roll Out"
"Yep  Seems Legit"
"Favourite gif"
"I would be kicked out of my dentist for laughing to much if it was like this"
"He Shoots  HE SCORES!"
"Happens all the time."
"That cat has bad timing"
"How I am currently feeling about participating in Movember..."
"Who I want to kill after spending 5 minutes on Facebook"
"When posts begin with &quot;Does anyone else...  Who else...  Remember when... etc.&quot;"
"What I look like when I run..."
"Exploding volcano  taken on the beach."
"When my girlfriend began to say 'My period is late this month...'"
"Dogs vs Cats."
"How I feel when I win an argument"
"Twainianity"
"Posted a picture a year ago of a GMaps tricycle in Croatia. They posted one back recently"
"How I feel checking Facebook during Halloween weekend."
"Soon  on Reddit..."
"They're coming!"
"US-Mexican Border"
"If we gonna keep on with the reposts why not just start from the fucking beginning"
"Play that one Lil Wayne song again"
"Why swim when you have your own shark tugboat?"
"Yes  this shot is real..."
"Sir  have you seen my top hat?"
"like a sir"
"Seriously"
"Drugs"
"That's a lot of hand jobs"
"well shit"
"The anatomy of a dick slap"
"Had no power all weekend  but still had a good time. I took this picture to share."
"Why I don't go to live events very often"
"Dentists worst nightmare."
"Someone. Is going. To die. Tonight."
"Seeing TIL submissions on the front page that you already knew about."
"If it fits I sit  again"
"Oops  um uh... I'll just go now"
"Russian Winter Kitty"
"Pikachu deadlifting"
"&quot;running&quot; cat and pillow"
"You Spin Me Right Round Baby Right Round"
"Just stretching"
"Besides the outliers  they really have this down to a science."
"Stop  Drop  and Roll."
"Sick moves bro..."
"The Sound of Bane"
"Bane experiences the wonders of &quot;The Sound of Music&quot;"
"one of my least favorite things about tonight"
"Say it again"
"Just some concerned juniors ensuring seniors had a bath before the snap."
"Meanwhile in India..."
"He's ready to go when you are!"
"Walk meeee"
"West Virginia: Even Tornadoes avoid going there"
"Man Makes Amazing Map  Tracking Where Tornadoes Hit In America (You Might Be Surprised)"
"To be a fly on the wall in this bar"
"The Meeting of the Greats."
"Obama dancing on a pizza. [X-post from /r/gifs]"
"Oppa Gangnam WOOOOAAAHHH"
"I had to learn my dance moves somewhere..."
"Disco-tality?"
"Hold your hand like this."
"So  Lady Gaga has been trying to teach us chemistry the entire time?"
"Captain  the para-scope seems to be malfunctioning."
"Laughing owl"
"your amusing the majestic owl  continue"
"Just an owl yawning."
"Cute Joey"
"How gaming in bed used to happen..."
"Always cracks me up"
"Little known fact - this how they *actually* found Bin Laden"
"Just a couple business men. Nothing to see here  move along folks."
"Best Back-Flip Ever!!!!! (X-POST from /r/funny)"
"Morning after Thanksgiving"
"When i see my friends the morning after their birthday parties."
"Here's a tough one: Spot the difference."
"My friend and I started playing Pokemon Stadium last night on his N64. I was looking for tips/tricks today on the internet  and its safe to say I know what I need to do now."
"Feeling a little koi."
"Yes...Yes you did."
"Hey Reddit  you won't believe who I ran into!"
"Watched this while listening to dubstep... quite an experience"
"repost?"
"One of Kris Kuksi's &quot;Churchtank&quot; sculptures - thought you guys might enjoy this [x-post r/Heavymind]"
"Canada's new technology in the fight against drunk driving..."
"So fluffy I'm gonna die!!"
"I feel this way whenever I post something to trees"
"Utter devastation caused by today's earthquake in DC."
"devastation of earthquake in washington DC. truly tragic"
"Damage from the DC earthquake"
"Devastation from today's DC earthquake"
"DC Earthquake Devastation"
"we had a earthquake earlier today..."
"To all my fellow Montrealers who survived the 4.5 earthquake last night. Stay strong."
"How I feel about Sandy"
"The only thing most people will take away from the debate"
"Captain Optimism vs. Pessimistic Man!"
"Granger"
"Horny Snape"
"Now that I'm single this is what my Valentine's Day is going to look like"
"This came up in my newsfeed  thought you guys might like."
"Best game of hot potato"
"Military Training"
"Hitchens nails it  as usual."
"Making it to the front page by using a small Subreddit"
"Something women need to keep in mind!"
"The Original Forever Alone"
"So true for every guy in some point of his life"
"Like father  like son"
"I'm with Tony"
"It is not what you think it is"
"Ben Kenobi on 9/11"
"How I feel after finally beating Ghetsis Hydreigon after battling it for 15 minutes straight  then realizing he has three pokemon left"
"Nice resting spot."
"I know there's a lot going on here but what's with the jesus poster??"
"Nothing to see here. Just a baby lama."
"How hidden airbenders can really mess with people"
"Calvin...nailed it"
"Say goodbye to burnt toast."
"Go outside and play"
"I mustache you a question.."
"GabeN currently sitting at Valve HQ drinking a nice  tall glass of..."
"Serious  WTF?"
"What your fingernail length says about you"
"Boy  SeaWorld has certainly changed their main attractions up"
"Teenage and Turtle"
"While in shower today  I had a dream"
"Is it worth it?"
"Is it worth it?"
"Someone carved this into a tree. Epic (x-post from r/funny)"
"I don't know who you are..."
"R.I.P. Carly Rae Jepsen"
"How to be Awesome!"
"Badass Bar-B-Que."
"When you see it..."
"It's go time"
"Mittens finally lands a paying gig"
"Every time someone tells me the book is better than the movie"
"My internal reaction when my boss leaves early on Friday and I have to stay a full day."
"Never thought of bottled water this way"
"Aww  man  I was napping here! Who turned the lights on?"
"Hannah Montana's hit soundtrack"
"Mosquito Blasphemy."
"I just got to try that"
"Can someone tell me the title of this movie?"
"Finally created a reddit account... This is how i feel right about now..."
"Just found out I get to leave work early today!"
"When my girlfriend gets her period during a birth control recall"
"Two screws [pic]"
"Savannah sunset"
"Ever think about that  huh?"
"Happened the other day"
"Zangief Horse"
"I have to go now. My planet needs me."
"A good old fashioned kitten v rhino face-off."
"Like mother like daughter"
"Is it safe out there yet?"
"Googled Stephen Hawking  came across this gem"
"Found this gif quite a while ago. Pretty sure it belongs here. [NSFW]"
"I don't even know...[NSFW]"
"WTF"
"This belongs here! (.gif)"
"Beach Version of the Hover Round"
"Not the typical format  but this one always gets me."
"wat..."
"Chicago at night  by National Geographic photographer Jim Richardson"
"Aerial View of Chicago by Night"
"The Rise of the Raptor"
"When you accidentally get on camera."
"Me Everyday."
"Nobody fucks with jesus."
"Nobody f*cks with the Jesus."
"The Internet."
"The solution to being forever alone"
"I didn't expect anything good to come from this. Yikes."
"Every fucking time..."
"No boat? Let's go waterskiing anyway"
"Redneck waterskiing"
"God made me special..."
"nom nom nom"
"How I Feel Being Hungover At Fucking Work Right Now"
"How I feel the morning after a night of drinking"
"I'll let it slide because he's young"
"Finish Her"
"Uhh...."
"On second thought  I'll have the steak."
"Email from a friend - CatHat"
"Good doggie!"
"Clever girl!"
"This scares the shit out of me..."
"But this is actually clever!"
"The hero Gotham deserves"
"The Hero Gotham deserves"
"When I heard we hit 7 billion."
"Whenever I go to the mall"
"The amazing adventures of Robert Downey Jr."
"why mom why make me wear this?"
"Dark Knight Rises Still - What is on Bane's neck?"
"&quot;Let the games begin!&quot;"
"Was playing Imgur Roulette and found this gem."
"for anyone that has been on the front page today."
"She submits her picture in every /r/gonewild post which has MIC in the title"
"Who knows  it might be true. - Imgur"
"The truth behind the Mars rover"
"What's REALLY happening on Mar's Surface..."
"nice rose"
"Epic yearbook quote"
"Aircraft Carrier sky vista"
"I don't care what your situation is  your day cannot possibly be going worse than his."
"1922's view on atheism"
"I'd totally use this cosplay [NSFW]"
"Up high!"
"The Average Cat [fixed]"
"This works a charm."
"Things Reddit likes!"
"Nice tatt....ah wtf?"
"Not even once..."
"What have you done to yourself R2D2 !"
"The Real Effects of Meth"
"Meth. Not even beep boop beep."
"Racism at its finest"
"Signs you might have a problem"
"How reddit is going to be a couple of days"
"(╯°□°）╯==[] ︵ ┻━┻"
"how i imagine how people that never get tangiers to smoke right pack it"
"Things Giraffes Hate"
"Five pearls of Scottish wisdom"
"&quot;Five pearls of Scottish wisdom&quot;..."
"Can I come home with you?"
"China’s snub-nosed monkey"
"Awesome art but I don't know the artist. Anyone?"
"Childhood mayhem"
"Marvelous day [Fixed]"
"What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger"
"What made them think this was a good idea?"
"My friend made a dog treat cupcake for her dog's birthday...the dog didn't touch it."
"The Touch."
"Don't know where to post this.. Was this photoshopped in? or was something photoshopped out? original source in comments"
"Whenever someone downvotes me..."
"Halloween at a NJ hospital."
"Pumpkin Birth...WTF?"
"The ugliest  most offensive shoe on the planet."
"The Yin and Yang of World Hunger."
"Whenever I try to get off Reddit"
"Can you see spain?"
"I call him  Ironstuckonhistummy Boy!"
"So happy to see you"
"When cakeday redditors upvote eachother"
"where is this place?"
"Beefy"
"Twice a day!"
"This always cracks me up.."
"You say gays are unnatural?"
"An Air Force C-5 Galaxy unloads a MH-53 helicopter. ( 1500x997"
"close encounter with a butt"
"Nay  it's mine!!"
"Plane Takeoff [1196x797]"
"Old Womann vs Machine"
"How it feels to finally remove that last popcorn kernel from between my teeth"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
"A virus maybe?"
"Being a fox must be so awesome"
"&quot;God? You're an idiot.&quot;"
"Engine"
"Uhhhh."
"Run dude  RUUUUN!"
"As a Christian this is how I feel and I thought you guys would like this too."
"My favorite quote"
"Meeeep!"
"A parody that we would all watch."
"Paws!!"
"Oh yea!"
"rugrats meme's"
"When I fail with everything to get to the Front Page"
"So wrong... but  so wrong."
"Batman comes out tonight at midnight...are you THIS excited?"
"The hero GifSound deserves"
"What is dead may never die! But rises!!"
"Best thing since sliced bread"
"I wonder if Luke Skywalker ever tried..."
"Dat New Dance..."
"How I feel when someone is watching me type."
"My neighbors car was crushed by a falling tree."
"Mindfuck."
"Rappers answer a survey about anal sex"
"Badass break up idea"
"You're doing it wrong!"
"Reddit Detox Center"
"Adventure Time"
"I guess it fits better here..."
"Bunk-Bed Wizard"
"How I feel after I have sex without a condom."
"Going outside today wearing a sweater cause it looked cold out."
"how i feel when I start an argument with my girlfriend"
"Stepped into this frigid New England morning after shaving my big  scruffy  and itchy beard last night."
"Gengar  you jerk (Xpost from Pokemon)"
"The truth about online arguments"
"Stephen Hawking before disease."
"Drunken Guy talk"
"Sweet mother of god I'm in love"
"I used water gun"
"Is it just me who feels this way about every kitty post on Reddit?"
"Gangster"
"Animal Crossing"
"Character reenactment of the first time I attempted to give a hand job. (SFW)"
"And shepherds we shall be..."
"Woah."
"Some things are not as they appear: an amazing optical illusion"
"Goodbye Hand"
"My friend and his dog on a slide"
"Googled 'funny pug'. I was not disappointed..."
"Bad relationship"
"World's Largest 3D Street Art"
"Something about these two seems...familiar..."
"Something about these two seems...familiar..."
"I thought I saw those 2 before...."
"Pussy Game's Ridiculous"
"o rugrats  i love your graphics"
"you're adopted... you are not really a falcon"
"This show."
"Guess you're all gay now..."
"In case of fire..."
"Damn it  Williams."
"Popcorn popping in slow motion .. It'll blow your mind ;-)"
"Popcorn in slow motion (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Crocheted a reddit alien hat!"
"I decided to take a relaxing bath  I left the water running to get undressed. I came back to this....(FIXED)"
"I decided to take a relaxing bath  I left the water running to get undressed. I came back to this....(FIXED)"
"Did ANYBODY else notice this at all?!"
"Cat climbing into a fishbowl"
"Better run"
"Gudvangen  Norway is absolutely stunning"
"I'm watching... always watching."
"Did anybody else notice?"
"What do you propose?"
"Always remember..."
"Princess??"
"I asked my dad if he was an atheist..."
"They say that after a while  owners start looking like their pets."
"Is it because she was a woman?"
"Mitt Romney: &quot;I’m gonna stop the subsidy to PBS...&quot;"
"Daily reaction to posts on Facebook."
"So i was in my local computer game shop called cex and this is their network name ಠ_ಠ"
"I think the hospital missed this one..."
"The new neighbor's wifi  I think we'll be friends."
"Chilling in downtown Boston  when all of sudden  I chose..."
"how to commit suicide the cool way  animated .gif (no real gore it's a cartoon)"
"Hey dude"
"Dew-Covered Dragonfly"
"Fun at the beach (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Genius."
"Weightlifting and Reddit"
"Baby otter + Keys = GLORY"
"O.o W.T.F"
"An apple a day - Imgur"
"Female Ezio Cosplay"
"Lovely baby owl"
"At Least He Has A Sense Of Humor..."
"The older I get  the more I realize Abe was right."
"Home Alone  the early years"
"What the fuck.."
"Not a cat  but still cute..."
"God's law."
"I think this belongs here"
"find the movement from all"
"My collection of sexy gifs  some are more NSFW than others. I thought you guys might appreciate them."
"My goat is in a pen"
"Bear! Bear come closer."
"How to play dead in front of a bear"
"Best Pickup line Ever!"
"How my girlfriend looks when I have morning wood"
"That moment when you question what has brought you to this point"
"every time i grill"
"Oh snap!"
"You didn't see some foxes run through here did you?"
"What reddit would look like without reposts"
"how i learned to ski."
"Got this in my gmail inbox. Seems legit."
"But who shall make it to the frontpage?"
"It's a great family video game"
"Ladies of Reddit/Imgur  need your help here!"
"Dear r/minecraft: If you think the authentication servers are down  PLEASE check NEW BEFORE you post about it"
"Me and the gang."
"I wouldn't mess with him..."
"Boom."
"From the time he found out  Bruce Wayne promised that he would be the best parent he could."
"Interesting."
"I would not date Siri..."
"Siri on the spot"
"Exam was a piece of cake"
"IN THE FAAAAAAACE"
"Oh you!"
"My 7-year old son has been watching his way through Futurama on Netflix. Yesterday  he asked me what Snu-Snu was."
"Diagnosed HIV Aladeen"
"What are you gonna do?"
"Well Damn.."
"What are you going to do?"
"Film Recipes"
"Ride on!"
"I might like this baby"
"Die together"
"Too cute for words."
"Gone in Sixty Seconds!"
"Am I doing it right?"
"Impressive!"
"I know everyone has seen this before  but it struck a nerve today after I had a particularly nasty argument with a good friend... I'm going to go apologize now."
"I don't know where this is from  can someone tell me? Also  it's hilarious."
"Say hello to my little friend."
"X-post from r/funny"
"Sometimes Facebook pays off..."
"Smooth skills"
"Not in my classroom"
"The cat ain't loving it..."
"Xpost from r/perfect timing. I thought it might get the attention it deserves here though. Fireworks  comet  and lightning storm."
"Are you John Connor?"
"Sex with Chuck (SFW)"
"The last two bullet points matter most."
"Seems legit."
"Two elephants from the 1930's in love"
"Kitten blanket"
"Yet another reason to appreciate Kevin Spacey as an actor."
"Come at me bro!"
"Lucky Kid"
"Wall Fetish?"
"The most pathetic reaction in horror movie history"
"I don't see what is so hard about this"
"Shooting the MGM logo  1924"
"Bald bears look as scary as bears SHOULD."
"I need a taco"
"This picture is not mine  but sometimes random strangers just nail it."
"Olympic weightlifting injury"
"Shouldn't have got those extra pizza bagels"
"When I think I'm submitting good content"
"Is this picture still some people's homepage?"
"So Simple Yet Creative"
"He knows it"
"...and on this day  not a single fuck was given."
"I'M FULL OF OWLS!!!"
"Central Park"
"That's not how I remember it"
"Found this in the depths of my computer"
"Scary truths"
"i thought it was my knee!"
"Hey... you  yeah you!"
"The fastest ride ever"
"Just got back home from a week of camping with my family and having no phone or computer use"
"It's my first cake day. This is the funniest thing I could find."
"Oktoberfest &lt;3"
"Dog smile"
"someone's excited for their roadtrip.."
"Love dogs on the back of pickups"
"my dad's friends dog"
"Hover Cat Doesn't Give A Fuck."
"Five finger death slap on Roomba"
"me(techsupport): &quot;go ahead and open up an internet browser.&quot; client: &quot;alright  lemme just fire up AOL.&quot;"
"Visited 9gag for the first time last night."
"PEEK-A-BOO"
"how to keep an idiot busy"
"Just found out the gender of my baby and decided to announce it in a way that would make sense to my friends."
"And Stay Out!"
"stopping trespassers one at a time"
"Stop."
"Poignant picture of a polar bear encountering an Icebreaker ship..."
"Fresh Prince doing the running man  that is all"
"He really is the Fresh Prince!"
"Almost..."
"Almost..."
"I've seen a lot of these pictures  but this is phenomenal"
"sorry boss can`t come to work today  the street is gone."
"Celebrity Evolution"
"What have I done with my life?"
"Almost there..."
"This is the story of how I almost made it to the front page"
"When you accidentally post a meme to r/funny"
"I'm so startled"
"Siri knows how Reddit works"
"Siri zoned..."
"Oh Siri"
"I asked Siri if she believed in God."
"Siri's a dirty girl..."
"Never Forget!"
"It's been a year since the East Coast Earthquake. We promised we'd never forget."
"50 shades of Granger"
"A redditors dream"
"Dinner in WTF-Ville"
"I'm legitimately concerned for these kids"
"*Ding*ding*ding*"
"How the RT staff must feel about anyone who asks: &quot;Can I get a job at Roosterteeth?&quot;"
"Ermahgerd! Jersers Pernterng!"
"The original fanboys."
"Party like its 1995! Windows 8 has arrived"
"A fish eagle snatches a young Nile crocodile in Selous Game reserve  Tanzania. [Mark Sheridan-Johnson / Barcroft Media]"
"How I feel every time someone posts pictures of the staircar"
"Hans Landa is rocking it"
"It's almost sickenly cute..."
"Haters gonna hate"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Failing twice"
"What I do when I play a champion with no mana"
"Something is afoot!"
"If you can dream it......"
"Ultimate WaterSlide"
"Worlds tallest water slide."
"A card my Uncle sent me for my birthday"
"Charlie Sheen for Halloween!"
"Israeli PM Netanyahu held a presentation in the UN yesterday"
"I'm a simple man  who enjoys simple things."
"I love Plague Inc."
"Angry Bin"
"MFW I'm trying to fap and everyone is still awake."
"Give-A-Fuck-O-Meter"
"Fucks given: -20"
"Meth: not even once"
"Oh just Santa..."
"What a Dubstep bass drop looks like."
"HELL YEAH !"
"Reverse karma troll monster dinosaur dubstep."
"Drake's Passage  Antarctica"
"Cocaine..."
"So much..."
"Eye candy [pic]"
"Every time that I get upvotes on Reddit"
"Can someone tell me what the fuck is going on here..."
"Lolita Slave Toy"
"how i feel drinking capri sun"
"Helpful Mom!"
"after mexican food"
"Now I can finally go outside..."
"Sleeping in the same bed as a girl friend who isn't my girlfriend."
":-)"
"Your argument is...irrelephant."
"Well ok!"
"I think I may be in a bad neighborhood..."
"Onward trusty steed  fetch me his head!"
"Yippee Ki Yay Mother Fucker"
"Googled &quot;the worst thing ever&quot;. I have to agree with this."
"As requested: welcome to Reddit."
"When someone says I have to get up early."
"A unicorn without its horn"
"The most beautiful horse in the world  in Turkey."
"Borrowed my dads computer to visit reddit  found out my dad had visited ''Redtube interracial gangbang''"
"Suddenly Samuel"
"Suddenly Samuel"
"Maybe it isn't plugged in?"
"How I imagine people who make spelling errors on Reddit"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing an SA80"
"Daily dosage of dinosaur jesus"
"Every time someone asks me relationship advice."
"Every time I see an overly attached girlfriend post"
"As a believer in science  this is how I feel when Christians reject all scientific evidence for the universe and try to convince me that God did it all in 7 days"
"When someone reposts my joke and they get more Karma."
"A Brazilian policeman being helpful and protecting the citizens from a terrible criminal."
"The Original Duckface"
"Asians With Mustaches"
"Checkmate athiests"
"I found the ultimate table flip!"
"Fuck you  I win."
"Religious people are funny"
"Party hard."
"I was like wtf  but then I was like fuck yeah!"
"Accurate American depiction of Nazis"
"Meowvel vs catcom"
"Should have listened to Consuela"
"watafack"
"pillow brain leach"
"I have a folder of about 400 pictures that my computer cycles through to use as a desktop picture. This is my favorite."
"Inches away from death"
"A resident of Kyoshi gets into an argument with the corner of a house and loses"
"Old halloween costumes freak me out."
"Champion of WTF products. Got this off my brother's facebook"
"POOPY TIME FUN SHAPES"
"What will your kids poop up?"
"What are redditors going to say to Republican friends when Obama wins the election? This is my plan."
"I wonder..."
"Andy's mom's toys"
"Futurama sums it up pretty well"
"Vampire cat."
"Bat...Cat...Man... - I don't even"
"He wanted to be batman for halloween"
"When I first slide it in."
"Clicking links in r/gonewild"
"Clicking links in r/gonewild"
"Some people handle earthquakes better than others..."
"Why their threats of fire and brimstone don't scare me"
"It is irrelevant  indeed."
"There's enough Metal in this pic to rebuild the Twin Towers"
"Whenever my post fails"
"This is how I felt when I found my little sister in /r/gonewild"
"My reaction to my first and only time on /r/spacedicks."
"Patrick Star pick-up line"
"Epic  epic fail"
"When my girlfriend makes a joke that's funny."
"11 babies"
"dog ate the homework"
"Cat Software Bug"
"Boxhide!"
"Seal Photobomb"
"Goldblum  in full"
"God help us  we're in the hands of engineers."
"how i feel after finishing my last hw assignment of the semester"
"when my friend complains about girls at bars"
"Movie Map of the US"
"How I feel when my girlfriend wakes up in a bad mood"
"Portrayal of Hitler"
"AND NOW THE SURFACE DWELLERS WILL BE PELTED WITH CATS! MWUAHAHHA!"
"Pure joy"
"I googled &quot;best picture ever&quot; and this came up. Yep  that's fairly accurate."
"Sigh. Kids nowadays.."
"noooooo stop it!"
"Stewie going camping"
"Your move again  Atheists."
"When you see it..."
"HOLY MOTHER OF GOD BERT!"
"Dear soda-machine restocker:"
"I wish I could loop this GIF whenever I invite certain friends to play with me.."
"Omg it spins!"
"Always makes me smile."
"Times I am told that wikipedia is unreliable"
"This will always be my favorite Jersey Shore gif[Fixed]"
"So  this showed up in my news feed....I honestly wtf'd."
"I searched Google Images for &quot;like if you love Jesus ignore if you love Satan.&quot; This is the first picture that popped up. NSFW"
"I know how you feel mr. kitty cat"
"Hypnokitty demands your allegiance"
"Feed Me!"
"Why Not Zoidberg?"
"Getting tattoo? ...Why not Zoidberg?"
"Since we're on a streak with nightmare fuel.."
"Oh the irony"
"Like a boss"
"Just out of reach"
"Ermahgerd"
"Really? I'm famous now?"
"I'm sure she'll never regret that tattoo. &quot;Heeeeyy  stupid lady...&quot;"
"Seth Rogen knows what's going on."
"LIES."
"Snap into a Slim... hamster?"
"Every time I step on a piece of Lego..."
"Someone's reaction when a link of his is reposted by me and makes it to the front page"
"Every time I see a post about Steampunk"
"Dog gone AT-AT"
"I miss this crazy guy..."
"Dodging the SOPA Bullet on Reddit Cake Day"
"How I feel when someone other than me gets kicked so a donator can join."
"My favorite .gif of all times."
"Who really needs to be told this?"
"How I Feel At the End of the School Day"
"That means... You're Gay"
"me when I try to dance in front of a hot girl at a Party"
"Boop"
"but but....how? O.o"
"The best idea ever posted on reddit"
"Biggie goes old school."
"Aww mom..."
"What if...."
"Facebook memes"
"What is this &quot;3:03 rumor&quot; thing? Can anyone explain it to me?"
"Leave it to the Poefessionals."
"What generally happens when someone says &quot;that's enough internet for the day&quot;"
"Stoned dog  epic of all time"
"How I feel when I trip"
"How it feels on my first cake day. Not a single moment felt wasted to me"
"Beyond a joke"
"Well that escalated quickly... [FB]"
"A nice collection of Gifs for you guys"
"Emma Watson vs Kristen Stewart"
"Scruffy Get Back Here"
"This is still my favorite  makes me laugh every time."
"Damn you Scruffy"
"Oh Peter"
"Dear Mr. Haberny... Sincerely  Cash4Gold"
"Cash 4 Gold"
"So we meet again..."
"Living with two female roomates.. (FIXED)"
"If you do this  you're an asshole"
"Don't Hate The Player  Hate The Game"
"Road-kill kitty toy from Japan"
"When you used to dance in your room and your parents would walk in..."
"A metaphor for life"
"As good a reason as any"
"Wrecked."
"Whenever I am asked to come into work earlier than normal"
"Carlton"
"Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham chillin' out in the summer of 1975 (Xpost from r/OldSchoolCool)"
"I hate when this happens"
"Barack chillin' [OC]"
"deal with it"
"I only check facebook once a week"
"Why I hate Facebook"
"What have i become?"
"You guys are funny. Keep up the good work."
"You bastards know who you are."
"the unexpected"
"Would you like to see my hops?"
"Fly  fly away popcorn!"
"&quot;That doesn't look anything like me.&quot;"
"&quot;Is this what you think I look like?&quot;"
"He's still watching you Reddit..."
"Superman IS real you guys"
"Wee!..Oh shit!"
"Playground slides recalled"
"Get well soon!"
"Thought I could post about religion on reddit."
"When I order too much food and I think I can eat it all"
"Reddit hypnosis [fixed]"
"Catch a Wave"
"Catch a Wave"
"Surfer girl."
"BACON. [fb]"
"I don't know  Jeremy  sometimes I just feel ugly."
"Tell me you love me?"
"Me when I get to that bromance stage of drunk on a night out."
"Christian Bale"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"When I see things like this  I wonder if it might be better after all if the world *does* end in 2012"
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"Not sure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"Everytime I go to a coffee shop [fixed]"
"Titler?"
"Seatbelts"
"Saw this near my colage"
"Brain hurts"
"I see your canned cans and raise u.... more cans"
"and Frank thought himself..."
"Frank the cat."
"The kids face... (x/post from /r/spacedicks) NSFW PORN"
"The only picture that has ever made me say&quot;WTF?!&quot;"
"Very clever  London Underground..."
"Helpful message from the London Underground service"
"Most of the time  rides a Civic."
"Lava Fall  Hawaii"
"Why I Love Space"
"Radio Guilt."
"SAP's going out..."
"Does this keep happening to anyone else on Google?"
"Did this today  I'm such a gentleman"
"My favourite little moment in cinema. The coolness factor of it gets me every time"
"Browsing /r/new"
"SHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"Tortoise Battle Armour"
"Got SWAG?"
"One of the best jobs"
"Guess no one in /r/funny gets gaming..."
"The first episode."
"Lightning tornado. We're all doomed."
"Just a chimpanzee chilling with a white tiger. No biggie."
"An inbread kitty"
"Does anyone else do &quot;The Tuck&quot;?"
"Dark and Beautiful - the Black Eye Galaxy - [897x1065]"
"That is One Sexy Atheist... (X-Post from r/gifs)"
"I don't know what to think about this."
"Scumbag Canada"
"Picture of Olympic divers  mid- dive"
"How I felt when my best friend said HIMYM is a stupid show"
"I think they chose the wrong model for their advert"
"Walked in on a guy fapping in the bathroom at work. Really wish he wasn't doing it at the urinal..."
"if you drive with these"
"Hey! What you expect?"
"Office Porn: This is the office of the Selgas Cano architects in Madrid"
"This guy payed a 137 dollar fine with 137 origami pigs in a donut box"
"When I finally watch a show that Reddit always talks about"
"When I run into one of my friend's friends"
"New safety specs for the iPhone"
"Phoenix sundown"
"Epic."
"I don't have super powers or an awesome beard but here is a picture of Sean Connery holding a gun."
"Google Image Search + &quot;Gayest Thing Ever&quot; ="
"Remember kids"
"Makes Sense Christians"
"Never understood the name  but undoubtedly one of the greatest games I've played."
"Amazing wall mural."
"Awesome wall mural."
"Cthulhu Larva (A.K.A. Abyssal Sea Cucumber)"
"Cat Get!"
"iPhone 5 =D"
"Creepy organ donation ad. Maybe NSFW for those sensitive souls."
"When I make a grammar mistake in a comment"
"Here comes the airplane!"
"IT WORKS! We're doing science here people."
"Give me muh bukket!!!"
"Oh peter  that's just nasty."
"Dat chin"
"Never Again! (x-post from r/funny)"
"Forever alone"
"How excited I am with the Steam Summer Sale."
"the sober one at a party"
"Hey  what're yo....GET AWAY FROM THERE!"
"oh snap!"
"Yo  quit playin'."
"&quot;freedom of speech&quot;"
"No thank you"
"Paris!!"
"during the days of the ps1  this ninja game was the bomb"
"As a minority: The good thing about living in Alabama [FIXED]"
"Falling Water Or Waterfall?"
"Understanding the logic behind Upvotes and Downvotes ratio."
"May i have this dance?"
"Deep into having fun."
"Too much?"
"Coolest thing ever"
"The armada of aww"
"When I go on a date with a girl"
"This could not be more accurate"
"Says it all . . ."
"how i feel when im at the top of the leader boards"
"Wheel of Morality turn  turn  turn..."
"Now kiss"
"Now kiss... FOREVER"
"After Seeing all of These Far Cry 3 Posts"
"When my SO tells me how excited she is to give me all of my gifts at Christmas."
"The picture I sent to my gf when I found out she didn't have a resume"
"Nba 2k13-Trying to get your field goal percentage up in my career when your guy has an open lane."
"love this pic"
"My face when all of the links are blue"
"Gaben Has Begun Programming Half-Life 3 [PROOF]"
"Within the Wave"
"I am on a first class flight to hell"
"There's something special about this gif."
"Stephen Fry sums it up."
"dinosaur riddle"
"This always makes me smile on a bad day."
"Just got this in the mail. Starting my son ASAP"
"Little too much to drink (x-post/gifs)"
"This cat has clearly had enough......"
"evolution of a slutty bee"
"No matter if my eyes can't stay at the right position  but my pirate look get me a lot of attention."
"Womp Womp."
"Skrillex vs. The Dubstep Bee"
"At least we have our priorities straight."
"Flying over the great Pyramids of Giza."
"The force es muy fuerte con este..."
"I Googled &quot;karma whore&quot;"
"And then i was like..."
"Best sleeping bag ever?"
"When I'm really thirsty and finally get a drink..."
"If your pussy got wet"
"Palestine"
"Just got my order from the reddit store:"
"How i see my graduation"
"How I say goodbye to my friends now"
"Really not a cat person but this is God damn adorable."
"aww overload"
"So I bought this card for a piece of shit lazy coworker today."
"Still amazingly impressive."
"Adventures of Styrofoam Man."
"Who makes for the prettiest lady?"
"Where's the fun in that?"
"FINALLY HERE!"
"The director's cut from Aerial (The Little Mermaid)"
"Do the White People!"
"WHOse Safety Dance ;) ?"
"Best i can do"
"I must"
"the goddamn difference"
"The real gateway drug..."
"You mean the hurricane?"
"daddy i'm scared"
"An astronomer getting along with Pluto"
"My favorite screen saver of all time"
"Clever  indeed."
"A Wild Candleblower suddenly appeared!"
"Every time I got to Tyson in Punch Out...."
"Cake Day gif"
"That's a tattoo"
"My face when 2 girls are kissing in a club"
"Ride or Die."
"Ride or Die."
"Don't fuck with America."
"Creepy lemur"
"This is how you make something cute into something unsettling..."
"Ultimate if I fits I sits"
"I knew it!"
"Fuck the police"
"Screw the bat  get me a mace"
"Every. Time. I. See. A. Bug."
"you gave me the number at the bar but.."
"One of my favorite SpongeBob quotes."
"Renewable energy?"
"I'm a fan."
"Shit!!!"
"Downside of having a batcave"
"A baby dolphin"
"Just a baby dolphin"
"It's [8] o'clock"
"How r/Trees reacts to Reposts"
"A Nuclear Explosion"
"Amazing photo of a hydrogen bomb explosion"
"Making the most of her daily commute?"
"She takes the woman's role of &quot;staying in the kitchen&quot; way too seriously."
"Only in a NYC subway...priceless reaction"
"I mean yeah  you got to put them somewhere  but why a tub? NSFL"
"A fun  new way to choose what you drink with breakfast!"
"And you thought clown cars were impressive..."
"All aboard the Karma express![FIXED]"
"One of my favorite atheists  Bruce Lee  quote on limits"
"Bruce Lee on limits framed in an story about running."
"&quot;Then die&quot;"
"North Korea Breaks News of Kim Jong Il’s Death"
"Seemed timely with the Royal Wedding"
"Timing"
"It's not a bird  it's not a plane"
"The Relationship Between Science and Religion"
"Italy"
"Owl madness!"
"Google glasses done right"
"Do U Even Lift?"
"When people tell me I'm going to hell (X-post from r/trees)"
"Oh Spidey (x-post from /r/funny)"
"The attitude of r/atheism towards religion."
"The Credible Hulk"
"How I felt when my ex re-added me on facebook."
"How I feel trying to get to the front page on my cake day."
"Patience is a virtue"
"It's TACO TUESDAY!!!"
"The delicious future of PC's"
"Frog Kitteh!"
"God damnit  I want this cat for my birthday!"
"Reddit Cat Post Level: OG"
"They told me I could be anything.."
"Beware of the mean &amp; angry frog"
"When other posts fail  post a kitten"
"u will never wanna look away!"
"Bonfire (pic)"
"Aiming for the chocolate fjords"
"Best costume ever!"
"How was the world created?"
"How was the world created?"
"How I feel during thunderstorms"
"When you can't face-palm"
"Hedgehog is shy"
"If someone asks me what I do all day at work  I show them this helpful infographic."
"My karma has been stuck in neutral for 4 years  so I present to you: Porcupine babies"
"Gotta have respect!"
"How I feel browsing r/athiesm"
"Abstinence"
"My girl poked me today..."
"Exactly how I reacted when my GF tried this on me"
"How i met your mother..Star wars"
"Infinity Cat"
"It's shit like this ocean."
"If Jupiter were as close to the Earth as the Moon  this is what our sky would look like."
"Looks like the cat's not quite out of the bag."
"Friend posted this on FB.. interesting mix..."
"I'm coming ... dear dog"
"My first cinemagraph!"
"Waiting for all that cakeday karma to roll in..."
"“When a man loves cats  I am his friend and comrade without further introduction” - Mark Twain"
"Friends can be assholes"
"Our PresidENT"
"Our PresidENT"
"Everyone Must be Treated Equally."
"Heritage flight over Manhattan: P-51 Mustang  F-16 Fighting Falcon  A-10 Thunderbolt II  F-15 Eagle"
"What I do as a moderator"
"Best watermelon I've ever seen!! (lol)"
"New Chick-Fil-a mascot?"
"Little Luna."
"Cybersex with Cleverbot"
"Edward munch spins me right round"
"Just absolutely love everything about this picture"
"just popped up on fb feed... friend-zoning  what say ye?"
"TIL that dogs drink with the underside of their tongue"
"Some of my favorite wallpapers I've gotten from in and around Reddit."
"oh beans."
"A message to out agnostic friends lurking in r/atheism"
"Redditer changes sign  runs back to car and takes a picture  all for the upvote heaveness."
"Every r/politics submission  without fail..."
"Well  that blows"
"I thought this was funny. The guy's name is August Landmesser."
"Camouflage"
"Big Bad Bunny Eater by Imaginism"
"same pose 18 years later... but..."
"You will not find a more Canadian picture. [FIXED]"
"Needed an image for my secret santa's letter. Found this. Happy holidays?"
"Happy Holidays!"
"Fuck the police"
"The Third Party Element"
"Carl on Duty"
"Why parents  why?!"
"Douchebag Level"
"I really want to know the story behind this picture."
"Actually  I'm a dog"
"I felt like this belonged on Reddit."
"Whatcha lookin' at? (Original Post)"
"How I feel when a smaller child teases my facial hair"
"Worlds largest excavator - Texas"
"nomnomn evidence nomnomnomn"
"Resisting arrest"
"I swear that evidence was RIGHT there like 5 seconds ago!"
"Hipster owl is hipster."
"I see your dancing skittles girl and raise you dis..."
"Slaughter house"
"Garden Party (x-post from r/funny)"
"Not for everyone..."
"I don't even..."
"Just don't tell me this is art"
"I think I just won at WTF."
"Self Defense"
"Showoff Fail."
"I'm bringing the party to you."
"Have we all seen this yet? We've all seen this  right?"
"The things I've seen  man...."
"The things I've seen man... (x/post from r/pics)"
"I'm not sure this kid has bones..."
"Reddit after the landing on Mars was confirmed"
"Payback: The Second Coming"
"Payback time"
"What about a pig?"
"I can not convey how awesome this is."
"Finding out you don't have work today"
"Keep punk rock fresh!"
"BEARDSLAP !"
"beard slap"
"The Beardslap - if only it were that easy"
"Possibly the cutest thing I have ever seen"
"How parents think of us"
"The mysterious underwater caves of the Bahamas"
"Trollbulb!"
"Water cascading off a bull moose's antlers."
"Water cascading."
"best magneto quote ever"
"Someone told me you guys like images of old guys with words by their heads"
"I googled &quot;how to offend reddit&quot; and found this"
"Where sick of your shit Stella"
"This flock of flamingos looks like a giant flamingo. What are the odds."
"When will these two get along?"
"Footage from unreleased AVP 3 film."
"Hey buddy  your fly is open"
"Skills of a cat"
"My Cake Day? Where?"
"Stool sample  from spaceghetto."
"Well at least it doesn't smell"
"I guess Norway is going to Hell..."
"So  I got a job today  and now I feel like this..."
"Lazarus"
"Jesus on Illnesses"
"He is feeling exactly how I would feel if this happened to me."
"Darwin award!"
"Every time I smoke too much before a party..."
"How I felt as a Vikings fan logging into Facebook to see my Packer fan friends' reactions last night"
"The unfortunate case of bigot parents"
"Go ahead  son. Give yo' Mama a goodnight kiss."
"Gets me every time."
"Got home late last night and the wife left a message in the kitchen. I guess she wants me to eat more fruit"
"smart kid"
"Someone lost their grayish-brown Pikachu (x-post from r/Chicago)"
"Ants drinking food colored water."
"For my irl cakeday  I present to you the cake my mom made for me a few years back."
"Whenever I see someone complaining about Facebook."
"I'd do the same thing"
"When asked if I'm single..."
"'Mighty Eagle' Lander Takes 100-Foot Free Flight"
"Looks like its smirking"
"Fish gill parasite"
"There's no chance you will ever be this cool"
"Hater's gonna hate"
"Haters ... Gonna ... Hate"
"What...I don't even..."
"Whenever I go to the Beach"
"Meanwhile  in Steam's server room..."
"A record cover from 1967. ...Hellooo ladies..."
"It only took me fourteen years to notice this hidden joke in The Simpsons."
"Was watching the Simpsons  and noticed this."
"nope"
"Isn't enough pigs on r/aww"
"The perfectly designed Siberian bear-hunting armor (leather suit  metal helmet). Nothing could go wrong here."
"Everyone do the tourist!"
"put em up."
"Baby Red Panda trying to walk on his hind legs!"
"God mode off  Orthodox Patriarch"
"After a considerable amount of paperwork..."
"i think it's time to faaa... AHHH WHAT THE FUCK!"
"I can't think of a better GIF to show how imgur has acted tonight. - Imgur"
"The derp dance"
"Such a cute sloth."
"Highway sign eating"
"Danish police..."
"Oh Snap  Jeremiah Bitsui (VICTOR) is doing an AMA!"
"This is how I feel as a person who only upvotes."
"Peter Higgs  original theorizer of the Higgs particle  smirking. After it's existence was rejected officially for 40 years  the Higgs Boson was confirmed to exist on September 25  2012."
"Two buds...Just going for a walk."
"EXXXXTTTRRREEEMMMEEE!!!"
"Parkour into the Abyss...(GIF)"
"What do we want? (rally sign)"
"my friend got a skee ball stuck at the top of the 50"
"The Shining (re-post from SA)"
"Found this on a funny pictures app."
"Whenever my friend acts &quot;gangsta&quot;"
"This picture always makes me lose it"
"Finally..."
"Runaway Truck"
"Still think polar bears are cute? [PIC]"
"Refreshing"
"Hey you!"
"Glowing toilet"
"Arctic Fox Pup Calling"
"How 13 year old girls talk..."
"The Greatest Board Game Ever!"
"Lacoste. Seems legit."
"What does snoop dog need an umbrella for?"
"What it feels like to be excited for MW3 fan on r/gaming."
"Would ladies really carry this around?"
"That's too bad"
"Mass Effect 3 is not for sale here yet. This is how I'm killing time with Mass Effect 2."
"Smooth"
"My reaction when i found out i submitted a repost."
"How I feel when I submit a link  and the first 3 votes are downvotes."
"MFW a new register opens up after waiting 30 min"
"How I always felt as a child when my parents introduced me to someone new."
"Rainbow Clouds above Mt Everest..."
"stunning image of a rainbow cloud  captured above Mt Everest"
"Another way they are different.."
"&quot;Morning Glory&quot; cloud formations"
"I can't even"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Guy  the real story."
"I'd really love to see the story from the perspective of these two. AMA?"
"Just got an email from my FWB after planning a sexy weekend away."
"have i given the ultimate gift or ruined a man?"
"14..."
"Trolling the bus driver"
"Awkward Stock Photos (Album in comments)"
"Can't even come up with a good enough title to possibly describe how awesome this picture is"
"Telekinesis"
"Science can be mean."
"Not right now  no thank you."
"JAWSon"
"I Want This Doctor"
"Yes  please!"
"Now witness the FIREpower of this fully armed and operational battle station!"
"Perfect Timing"
"Is this all about timing or just a plain coincidence?"
"One wrong turn in Detroit and I find this..."
"How does it look?"
"Imagination"
"Too Soon?"
"Catnips helluva drug"
"&quot;Whine&quot; glass? I think not!"
"He's Peering Into My Soul.."
"A Ladder"
"I thought you guys might like what I found in /r/onetruegod"
"Literally WTF (x-post /r/askreddit cmnt)"
"Best friends"
"this is why i can never find the damn X button"
"Why I always have to think before pressing the X button"
"Reddit needs more dikdiks"
"A penny for your thoughts?"
"its a repost but this was too funny i just had to share it again"
"What did the hat say to the tie?"
"American Foreign Policy 2001-2008: A Retrospective."
"How I feel watching the Olympics today."
"How it feels as an American watching the Olympics."
"just clicked on r/spacedicks for the first time"
"My friend accidentally looked inside the Ark. Will he recover?"
"&quot;It's breathtaking to consider...&quot; [1920x1080]"
"So Bane"
"That is his jam."
"Alternate Ending!"
"Bane's living in the sunlight"
"Overkill?"
"Dear Japan..."
"Well that's just rude!"
"Look what my friend found!"
"Antarctic Glacier Has Five-story Blood-red Waterfall of Primordial Ooze"
"My brain makes a noise to go with this gif."
"Everything I've done in my life has lead up to this moment."
"When someone upvotes me to 0 points"
"Alain Robert climbing Burj Khalifa (tallest building in the world) [746x574]"
"Climbing the tallest building in the world (x-post /r/adrenalineporn)"
"I know I shouldn't laugh at this  but..."
"Spengbab"
"Wtf spongebob and simpsons"
"This guy has been sleeping on my couch fairly regularly."
"Maybe there is a God  and he hates us... [PIC]"
"English Angora Bunny"
"Domesticated silverback gorilla"
"Well I guess it's time to beat the shit out of my babysitter"
"That'll teach him to pass out..."
"This just poped up on my friends facebookfeed"
"I don't always turn around  but when I do..."
"How Facebook is nowadays."
"EXACTLY what it's like watching your post try to make front page on reddit"
"404 error [pic]"
"There is no context that could make this picture normal for me."
"tosh never loses that wit of his..."
"An awkward moment for Chad Johnson and Madden 13.."
"Now back at me."
"A.k.a Silicone for dudes."
"Get a sexpack in seconds"
"My new years resolution was also to get ripped abs! Nailed it!"
"Get a 6-pack in SECONDS!"
"Slim Jim sponsored the shortest free-fall of all time."
"If only this worked.."
"nicolas cage can be anyone even a white zebra"
"The Catholic Church Was An Early Investor In This Technology."
"Damn It Feels Good to Be a Gangster."
"Don't mess with me or my bunny"
"Now that's GANGSTA!"
"Doin' the superman"
"How long will it take you to figure out what's going on in this picture?"
"I call him Wilbur."
"Inappropriate thumbnail is inappropriate. Share more in comments."
"Not a difficult concept."
"A Modest Comparison"
"I don't have a cat  so here's my baby pig"
"Everytime I accidently click on porn"
"When I first browsed r/incest..."
"The best 4chan advice ever given."
"How do I cleaned carpet?"
"the real reason why everyone uses this app"
"Just hold on a second here...let me try'n grasp all of this"
"a gamer's life"
"I've chosen to have many..."
"One of the most underrated PS2 games"
"So close."
"oops"
"When nothing goes right."
"More Genies!!!"
"Misteak  America. Misteak!"
"It Could Be Worse [x/post from AnythingGoesUltimate]"
"So What Bro  That's Not Bad At All!!"
"I made this with lots of love for gamers..."
"Video-games... and their advantages"
"For People Against Video Games...."
"The only appropriate response to seeing a lion up close."
"For your consideration I present my Smashing! collection"
"Some smashing gifs"
"He Knows Too Much..."
":D"
"Laughter is universal"
"After much time had passed and realizing that girl was totally trying to flirt with me."
"Back to school!"
"Found This When School Shopping! WTF!"
"Saw this dog earlier in r/videos and thought it deserved a GIF"
"Nothing to do here"
"We all know this feeling (saddest gif in existence)"
"On the queue"
"FML"
"DRM for Dummies (FIXED)"
"How I feel about &quot;how I feel&quot; posts"
"Curse my immaturity"
"Gotta laugh at life... rolling on the floor"
"a Black and White Family"
"Warning!!!!! Sexy Overload!!"
"Holy Jesus  I've been eating Tic Tacs so wrong for all these years"
"Tic Tac"
"Official poster of Israel's Holocaust Rememberance Day (Yom Hashoah) 2012"
"The Ocean is truly a marvel"
"My last day working for this year!"
"It's Friday and my boss just asked me to work tomorrow ..."
"God bless you dad."
"When you hit max level  you stop leveling up"
"I see what you did there.."
"Racing Scooters on the Roof"
"leaving work to go home today."
"Two cool Donkey Kong propaganda posters.."
"Civil war leads to...freedom?"
"I'm here about the burning loins."
"Cakes that come from WalMart..."
"my bank account had $0.14 ... today i got paid"
"Reddit lately"
"/r/gaming today"
"Retractable swimming pool"
"I now understand why some people don't like babies"
"Your move  captcha..."
"How I imagine the few (if any) Canadians in the stands at the Olympics in London."
"How I see people posting caps of their own Facebook statuses"
"My wife when she lays down a &quot;wicked burn&quot; on me during an argument:"
"When none of your friends see your successful post."
"Whats that?"
"This agitates me beyond reason"
"Central Park from 2500ft"
"My #1 rental game.. Would be a great app!"
"Everytime I go to r/aww"
"Browsing through r/corgi."
"You have been warned!!!"
"He died for your spins"
"DJ Jesus"
"LEGO® The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim"
"Overtime doesn't pay enough."
"Corgi sleeping on its face. (x-post from r/pics)"
"Fresh milk"
"Just snoop dogg"
"Seems legit"
"... and Im just sitting here  rubix-solving"
"New Zealand from Space during Spacewalk"
"The coasline of New Zealand's South Island looks somewhat like the eastern coastline of the USA."
"To do list..."
"To do list..."
"Sunset at the North Pole"
"If it pleases the court..."
"What to expect for 1 night in the hospital in the christmas eve when you don't have health insurance."
"*SIGH*"
"Finish him!"
"There's got to be a clever pun for this GIF..."
"Aww  look at the cute little.... what. the fuck."
"Regret."
"Praising racoons"
"Swag"
"Don't forget to vote! (I'm still haunted by this...)"
"How I feel when approached by a &quot;Genius&quot; at an Apple store."
"The Best Giant Cat Photo Ever"
"I always knew I had a reason to like him."
"Daniel Radcliffe gets it [Fixed]"
"Popped up in my newsfeed  thought you guys would like it"
"We need this guy at the Olympics"
"Makes sense to me"
"Shake Your Mane!"
"Every time I stumble across a dog on reddit."
"No. Way. That did not just happen."
"What the hell kind of GD rabbit/schnauzer (?) is this?"
"WTF Australia"
"Derp"
"Stahp it Drugs!"
"What I feel like when I downvote all the posts on a single page."
"My personal favorite WTF pic"
"It's not a party until dad takes his shorts off"
"Growth of Walmart........oh  wait"
"The early comics were... darker"
"So true  the game that ruins friendships"
"Trying to find something in a &quot;when you see it&quot; post. [FIXED]"
"Mary Poppins knows best"
"Arrogant atheists"
"The man likes his jazz"
"This captures my life exactly but without alcohol."
"Elevator Hotbox"
"NOPE.gif"
"When my posts don't make the front page"
"Simultaneously the best and worst moment in Japanese Cinema [xpost /r/wtfjapan]"
"Anti-Rape device? WTF?"
"Every time I go out in public and see people I know."
"ZOOOOOOOOOOM"
"It's MYZ Pizza!!! And its iz DElizOUS!"
"Can't get enough mic."
"How I high five someone when I'm drunk"
"When I beat a Korean at Starcraft"
"I came out as an atheist to my grandparents today. They tried to convert me  and this is all that came to mind"
"I would react the same way."
"How To Play Happy Birthday On the Phone (xpost from /r/pics)"
"Girls Only &lt;3"
"Did anyone else watch this show on Saturdays?"
"no time to explain!"
"Family Reunion at GamGam's [Belongs here]"
"24 astronauts were born in Ohio."
"Why is Bob Newhart on TV telling me that Mitt Romney killed his wife...?"
"shutdown has been canceled"
"This happens every single day when I get home from work..."
"First world problems lol"
"First world gamer problems"
"'Tis the season..."
"The tennis ball haircut"
"Julia Roberts[NSFW]"
"So Julia Roberts sure has... changed. [NSFW]"
"4chan doing it"
"down for a game of concur?"
"Fox News Throughout History"
"Chameleon goes hard"
"Chameleon loves Fat Man Scoop."
"Guess who has a new girlfriend?"
"i believe i can flyyyyyyyyyyy.."
"It's that simple"
"Relevant."
"He's not dealing with it"
"When the last few people begin to pass out at the NYE party..."
"MY new brother"
"There are no words that can describe this cuteness.."
"Requesting the highest of fives!"
"Sonic and son"
"sleepytime"
"Little guy does this whenever somebody plays a Prince song"
"Seahorse giving birth"
"This is how rednecks &quot;Go Green&quot;"
"If Transformers were humans."
"You get used to it. All I see is pi."
"&quot;Do you always look at it encoded?&quot; You get used to it. All I see is pie."
"Christian book store wants you to keep your children close"
"Slut."
"I admit to sometimes driving like this."
"I damn near sat through the whole thing."
"It wasn't me  Jedi"
"How I feel deleting my Facebook page!"
"Where did this go?"
"Real life rage face cat"
"Possibly the best extra any movie has ever had."
"Are we atheists not justified in despising religion when it causes things like this to happen?"
"Good old fashioned family racism..."
"I always knew the Swedish Chef was one sick son of a..."
"This kid's got 99 problems  and they all bitches."
"How I feel as an Alaskan redditor at any hour"
"Saw this on my patio..... NOPE!"
"As Per Request"
"Oh Calvin..."
"The Faun from Pan's Labyrinth in full make up taking a lunch break."
"How to get down from a refrigerator."
"This is just ... weird ... [NSFW]"
"How I read stories from /r/nosleep"
"If you park like this  fuck you"
"I raise you one koala."
"Louis CK defending masturbation."
"Thank you to all of our Vets that help keep our animals healthy and up to date on their shots!!!"
"I left home and forgot to close /gonewild"
"Not weather related  but jaw dropping. The people in a village on the Niger River in Africa were losing fellow villagers at such a rapid rate  that they had to call in the Army to hunt down the culprit. A 22 foot  2500 pound Crocodile. Speechless...."
"croc in sudan...is this wtf?"
"I love that the wall is already wet..."
"Jesus isn't a zombie"
"thanks  bro!"
"How I know I'm getting old..."
"meet the Siborgi. Siberian husky/Corgi mix."
"Can we all take a moment to appreciate a Corgi/Husky mix?"
"Mona Lisa is not impressed"
"Added my birth picture to Facebook timeline."
"Awesome Futuristic City"
"Poor pikachu..."
"360 T-Bag"
"Every time I see this I laugh"
"After reading some of the comments on my first couple of posts"
"Googled I have no idea what I'm doing  wasn't dissapointed"
"SHO-RYU-KEN!"
"What the... where the fuck are people's priorities! Some fuckin' people!"
"Parenting at its finest"
"Speechless..."
"Bitch!"
"The most evil chick on facebook. I cant believe this"
"PIDGEY USES"
"Titanic vs. Noah’s Ark"
"I fucking love sweeping!"
"Googled &quot;Hurricane Sandy Jersey Shore&quot; to see how bad the damage was. I was not disappointed"
"What it feels like to post on Reddit sometimes."
"Bruce Lee plays ping pong with nunchucks like a boss"
"lol ._."
"You're not your fucking khakis"
"Subway in Stockholm"
"Hostess just announced it will close for good."
"Remember this dinosaur? Any memories?"
"worn out kitty"
"Not that clever."
"Old this may be  but it still gets me every time!"
"I am not a clever man."
"RE: Fucking Repost!"
"Typical Day on the Internet"
"So I got curious and went to /r/spacedicks"
"Oh why did i click on that nsfl link!?"
"Why do pizza places not have these?"
"Some art for r/WTF [NSFW]"
"Just bowl  you'll know when to let go."
"McKayla Maroney visits the White House... her picture with the President"
"McKayla Maroney and President Barack Obama are Unimpressed"
"This meme has officially gone presidential"
"President Obama and McKayla Maroney are unimpressed"
"When I was told by my brother who grew up playing battlefield that he likes Call of Duty more."
"You promised not to tell."
"When my friend finds out I spilled his secret."
"The funniest note I have seen a 3rd grader do....."
"Gotta Love Hores!"
"Take life by the balls..."
"Girls can play  too: Erin DiMeglio  17  is the first girl to play quarterback for a Florida high school team. And she looks badass in uniform."
"Like to eat out? Head on down to the..."
"Is it bad that I am EXTREMELY excited for this?"
"what is this game. I have seen screen caps of it two or three times  and would like to know what it is."
"Gave my dog a bath today..."
"Female Boat"
"Edumacation."
"Meowth  That's Right!"
"End Of The World"
"How I feel being that guy that rarely ever upvotes/downvotes"
"Merry chrisma??"
"Conformity"
"crazy zoo"
"Express yourself  furries"
"This game was never as intense as the commercial suggested."
"If you enjoyed the movie Ted you will love this next box office hit"
"How I imagine the leader of anti-Semitic party in Hungary felt after he discovered he is Jewish. [fixed]"
"Lookit mah fishy!"
"I bet you looked."
"Sloth Superstar"
"The Frank Sinatra Burger"
"Take Pillow... Establish Dominance"
"Australian Peacock Spider"
"The world seen from Norway by T. Hylland Eriksen"
"patrick star"
"Call that a slurpee cup? This is a slurpee cup. 'Straya."
"Cross-dressing man penetrating a Range Rover"
"Perfect"
"Hand-painted R2-D2 booty shorts!"
"Celery... who knew?"
"Cute gir-OH WTF!"
"Made me laugh several times today... from AnimalsBeingDicks"
"You shall not pass!!"
"When ever someone i dont like starts following me around"
"This is what I feel like watching a video tutorial and doing it at the same time"
"Not Photoshopped"
"I expect everyone to do this now."
"When I'm about to hit a blunt and they tell me it is spice. (X-post from r/funny)"
"Wacky ol' McCain"
"I don't let my slave eat"
"Every time I take gum out in front of my friends [FIXED]"
"The sordid life of one cat owner"
"Bath Salts not even once"
"I miss these guys..."
"To match your duckfaces...."
"What has 2 legs  2 hands and tastes amazing."
"Obesity here I come!"
"Why? Because boobs  that's why."
"No gate  no steps  no problem."
"Watched the Muppets today - I knew I'd seen Beaker before somewhere..."
"Son  you make me proud."
"Ancient Monastery in Armenia"
"For my cake day I give you The Bus Knight  the most popular image on r/funny  reposted."
"My small attempt at an Earthbender vs. Waterbender fight."
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his pet cat."
"Henry Behrens dancing with his pet cat."
"Come on babe  I swear it was the tooth fairy."
"Le happy merchant"
"Beer does that too!"
"priceless"
"He can have any woman he wants."
"Dear Lord  Please Make Me the Easter Bunny This Year..."
"A hedgehog and his (soon to be) jam (x-post from r/funny)"
"Dragonfly High Five"
"OMG Why dog."
"My last girlfriend  whenever she couldn't reach me by phone for a few hours."
"Whenever I go out."
"holy shit. I think Penn Jillette inadvertently devised an experiment that can prove whether God is real or not"
"Saw this on r/WTF and thought r/TLA would appreciate it."
"Try this you damn &quot;plankers&quot;"
"&quot;I'll never wet go&quot;"
"Slide"
"How i feel at the beach after winter"
"wazuuuuuuuupppp"
"2045"
"Vicious squid attack!"
"Release the Kraken!"
"It was a dark and starry knight..."
"Someone figured-out my password.."
"Oh Youtube"
"Will the Real James Holmes please Stand Up!"
"OMFG Grandma  no!"
"Bread Cat FTW"
"Rape victim."
"What did you think of The Dark Knight?"
"How it feels.."
"Awwww"
"I see your various sea creatures and raise you a real pokemon."
"Barack goes Renaissance"
"HIM???"
"Synchronised dogging [sfw]"
"Big Head and Little Arms"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Not sure if trying to help  or trying to hump..."
"Going under!"
"The Tale of Tiny Hippo"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"&quot;When I go into my favorite/regular bar and don't know anyone&quot;"
"Sometimes movie logic baffles me. (Please excuse the crappy MS Paint text  I don't have Photoshop on my work 'puter)."
"No  Steam  that is not right."
"The Interwebs"
"How my days off generally go.."
"Storm Flyover"
"Ummmmm  yep I'm lost"
"Slappin' the cat"
"The Mortified Punter"
"D'oh - I am mortified."
"The Mortified Punter"
"Oh Fuck Yes!"
"F-F-F-FIGHT!"
"well i guess that's that"
"well  it was a good run"
"My air conditioner died last night."
"That's that"
"Looking back on the original three"
"Duck or Rabbit?"
"When you see it [x-post from r/PerfectTiming]"
"Canadian Lynx [Fixed]"
"Mom bought the costumes ever since"
"Redneck Trick-Or-Treating. Now that's some damn good parentin'."
"And the Father of the year award goes to ..."
"Harder than splitting an atom."
"Hills of Guilin in China"
"Redditor stalks Bill Nye  breaks into his house and steals his year book  all for a little scientific karma."
"You Were Wrong"
"They're making ads about it now."
"If you were to yell &quot;ouch!&quot;  why would you have a poker face?"
"faith in the human race restored  reddit make it happen!"
"An interesting look from the other side"
"I do not know where to put this. but we must help this man!"
"Awesome [FB] coincidence I managed to catch. success."
"On gods and heroes."
"Boop!"
"Ovewhelming stupidity. This can't be true."
"WTF? Woman becomes pregnant through watching a 3D porno?"
"Why clothes in fashion magazines look great and the same clothes on you look like crap"
"To catch a ball"
"While waiting for the Blue Moon to rise over Las Vegas yesterday  this happened.[1183x783][OC]"
"TIL my day aint all that bad."
"My reaction to finding money on the street."
"Apparently the bubonic plague is alive and well"
"Every rose has its thorn"
"The Bad Rose"
"My childhood  summed up in one .gif."
"Spaghetti"
"Touch my tongue  I smile!"
":p"
"I got your tongue!"
"Reddit's CEO goes to Japan"
"A day in the life of business cat."
"There...There..All will be fine..."
"That may be a bit of a problem Darren..."
"Epic Cookie Packaging"
"Found some Facebook gold"
"I just can't stop retweeting this guy"
"Oh  Helen."
"Yea  kids suck."
"Direct quote. Not shitting you."
"Zach Braff - how to use the internet"
"No No No No"
"Watching my parents try to use a computer"
"What the hell were they thinking?!"
"Watching my parents use the computer"
"Rob Ryan really wants his vacuum."
"I hope I'm never this Dad"
"Turtle Burgers [x-post r/wtf]"
"Mother of meat..."
"Some shit is about to go down[FIXT]"
"I'm pretty sure this takes the cake for worst video game box art ever. [Fixed]"
"36 Life-Hacks You should Know"
"the cookie monster driving a toyota full of men with guns"
"My grandmother found this while looking through her drawers."
"Fuck Aquaman!"
"Fuck Aquaman."
"Fuck Aquaman"
"Was looking for a picture of Bubbleman from Megaman  got this."
"Today  I finally snapped  and lost control."
"The Day I Lost Control"
"Troll Cat"
"Inflatable Unicorn Horn for Cats"
"Your cat will love it!"
"Cats Love it!"
"Perfect metaphor of me and the universe.Except I am the cat..."
"Cleaver bus advertisement."
"Jesus vs. Jeezus"
"You're never too young to start loving bacon!"
"The aftermath of going to /r/spacedicks"
"How I feel as a conservative on r/politics"
"OBAMA=BAMF"
"Taxidermy  huh? I give you Ms. Sarina Brewer..."
"This is what happens when geeks listen to hip-hop."
"Just put this here and... oh shit um nobody saw that im just scratching my head"
"Shark Week begins tonight!"
"Canadian graffiti"
"It took 13 years to get this joke"
"For a good time."
"I'll have to try that next time"
"This is how I feel while waiting for the first upvote on a post and finally getting one"
"How I Felt When I Found Out That Hell Doesn't Exist"
"Whenever I try to be upset at my dog"
"Watching CNN go from Obamacare is unconstitutional to constitutional."
"How I feel being downvoted on my cake day"
"Swinging"
"Can I get a push? Please? [pic]"
"Just a hamster on a swing. Nothing to see here folks."
"A mouse on a swing!"
"Here comes the sun...."
"What I think when I see people posting their babies' pictures on Facebook."
"Some Things Never Changed"
"how i feel when people say &quot;first post ever&quot; in their title"
"Every time a police officer looks at my drivers license"
"Anybody remember this one?"
"My March Madness bracket this year"
"I'm so high right now guys"
"Stay. Very. Still. [VVVVVV]"
"BURN"
"The drive home after swimming at the pool"
"Oh... Hello."
"What was he up to with those pencils? this was posted all over the inner city Milwaukee school  in the classrooms  in the hall  and in the offices!"
"I hate Mondays"
"..."
"Want a new haircut? Nope!"
"Oh...thats why..."
"Karma is a bitch"
"Instant Karma [gif]"
"Echo station 3-T-8  we have spotted Imperial walkers."
"Good news!"
"Flood-infected Spartan IVs from Halo 4"
"Oh. Well that solves that  then."
"Well... Thats not nice."
"Like a boss."
"Painfully True"
"Me today..."
"I picked a bad day to crave a chicken sandwich..."
"try watching this without singing the &quot;Meow Mix&quot; commercial song"
"Just try to describe its awesomeness"
"This is why my family calls me these days."
"that's true"
"I started a new job after graduation. This is how excited I am to get home after a full 40 hour work week."
"When I walk straight from shower to take a dump"
"When I see a front page full of complaints that someone else made it to the front page with a reactiongif they'd already posted."
"Bambi and thumper"
"Jaleel Mutha eFFin White!"
"Creepy Watermelon"
"How to paint a squirrel."
"Balls of Steel"
"His Majesty King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden. We are very proud of him"
"Wow Thats a cool movement she made"
"Wow Thats a cool movement she made"
"For all the fellow Street Fighter fans  Cammy IRL"
"So I googled 'Koala Mouth'  and this was one of the results...."
"What Guys Slapping Girls' Asses In Porn Does For Me [SFW]"
"Just 2 rabbits in a cup"
"Evolution of the Batman logo - Imgur"
"A Slight Revision on a Great Meme [hope you don't mind]"
"How I feel at a [1]"
"F1 accident (not for the faint hearted)"
"My favourite novel as a child"
"Whenever i try to look excited for a present."
"North Korea has developed a new weapon reportedly more deadly than their nuclear program."
"Professor Trout"
"Amazing image of the sun"
"something's wrong....."
"Reader voices a strong opinion on atheists"
"Wow  not once to mince words is she?"
"I choose you Calculus!"
"Arizona tan line."
"Hmmm  I would say...mediocre at best."
"Almost every Redditor"
"Creepy cats playing"
"Boss's new car. [facebook]"
"I googled &quot;free Karma&quot; and I was not disappointed."
"One of my favorite gifs of all time"
"When you feel sexy."
"Ways to stop crying"
"Hatters gonna hat"
"Sexy"
"Best Photobomb Ever"
"Flight 666 to Hell  Now boarding through gate lounge 11"
"Not everyone speaks Spanish  Dora"
"This would happen to me if I decided to take up cycling"
"This bike ride sums up all of my posts to Reddit"
"A skein of geese"
"Need some room for dem niggers"
"Blow it in her face...."
"A dog riding a dolphin"
"This makes me happy"
"When I can't understand a post on reddit"
"Aww having a shit day till this little hedgehog cheered me up ^-^ (found on google)"
"Get rich or die 9 times trying"
"Some privacy please?"
"When I get back to my own toilet after a vacation"
"it had to be done"
"Had surgery and was still able to submit a post on my cake day. I love vicodin!"
"My kind of Christmas gift"
"Rule xxxiv applied"
"Saw this on the bus last night."
"The enhancement of English language"
"Hitler on a sled."
"I'm a 64 year old single man and I just became a homeowner today!"
"Silly Hamster"
"Rub my tummy."
"r/atheism in a nutshell"
"Puppy Cutiness"
"The Force is Strong with This Car"
"Fancy seeing you here"
"Hey pal  give me a push will ya?"
"The origon of The Gay Seal"
"Girl punching a sheep in the face [x-post from r/wallpaper]"
"Wanted to thank my editor with something special for Xmas. Made him this."
"So you say they're making a Deus Ex movie . . ."
"Hitman: The Movie"
"I'm going to spend the rest of my day at work watching this"
"My ex-girlfriend who cheated on me told me she wanted me back  this was my response"
"Dog's war flash back"
"C'mon Jerry"
"Wanted to help you guys out"
"What an efficient design."
"Donkey"
"Whats the difference.."
"The test. This fucking passes it."
"In the name of science..."
"If you park like this  fuck....actually  that's okay"
"The onslaught of nature"
"The mash up no one is asking for!"
"This Guy"
"Anyone else remember Digg's front page shortly after they introduced v4?"
"Spongebob's take on Rainbow Road."
"found this cute little guy wandering around."
"The cutest piglet.."
"Jesus Condom"
"Who ya' gonna call? GHOSTBUSTERS!"
"Scary stuff"
"I will destroy you"
"Don't fuck with Karma."
"This guy is a genius"
"Chemistry Cat"
"I paid for a revive  and rrowland gave me the 30gold needed to /f home. He immediately killed me. This is how I felt."
"How I felt the first time I went to r/spacedicks"
"When clicking a link tagged NSFL..."
"As a gay man on reddit  this is what I think of every time I click a nsfw link."
"How I feel after the announcement of the iPhone 5..."
"It's ok..."
"Wolf Hug"
"They picked me last for kickball..."
"The perfect spot"
"Gets me every time"
"Priorities of the human species."
"The new iPod Nano is truly revoluti... wait a minute"
"It's spring. The weather is nice. The sun it out. And I need a reminder."
"Every time I go to a strip club"
"After seeing you got the highest grade on your final in the class."
"Its my cakeday Reddit! This is me waking up in the morning remembering this."
"Firefox on OkCupid"
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post"
"The Temple of Sky (Iceland)"
"Obersee Lake  Berchtesgaden National Park  Germany"
"Because nothing says Happy Halloween like giving birth at home! (From homebirth.no)"
"When i hear people talking about me ten feet away."
"Stimulate your senses"
"How I react when upvotes comes my way."
"Finally got my Dota 2 key and I.."
"When would this GIF be used?"
"Can't Touch Me"
"Dem faces (X post r/faceswap)"
"Background picture for Day 12 of the Summer Sale."
"Real Life Bad Luck Brian"
"Perspective."
"OH GOD"
"How insensitive"
"not sure if this should be posted to r/foodporn..."
"When 'Never Ending Reddit' tells me it's going back to my most recently viewed post."
"Anytime my friends and alcohol are involved..."
"Adam Savage on Spontaneous Order"
"Oh you...you so silly."
"have you feel like this ever??"
"To the guy who posted over 600 Comic-Con Cosplay photos. This one's for you."
"Caught them napping.."
"What. The. F*ck."
"&quot;We don't make mistakes  just happy little accidents.&quot;"
"Moustaches make a difference"
"Annually."
"I'll share my box"
"children beware"
"Freedom"
"Cyanide &amp; Happiness: Doing Scumbag Brain Right"
"Not even once."
"POLICE! Open this door!"
"The Piano House in Huainan City  China."
"The Piano House in Anhui  China - Coolest building ever?"
"China Feeds Live Goats to Lions in Zoo as Children Watch"
"My friend just sent this to me; it's brilliant!"
"Sheldon is a Redditor!"
"I still prefer &quot;Karamel Police&quot;."
"The Biblical definition of marriage that Christians are eating to defend"
"Psychic fair cancelled"
"NOM..NOM..NOM"
"Can I has cheezburger when the cheezburger comes"
"She was a hit with the boys."
"Bambi and Fox meet for the first time..."
"Showed up on my news feed today."
"This has been taken just way too far.."
"Instantly."
"I bet Christians would love to spray this all over r/atheism...."
"Once you hate someone"
"Meanwhile in Flordia"
"At the time  this was my #1 priority in life."
"I have the strangest boner... yea"
"First i was like: Nice hair  but than"
"When you see it."
"Conspiracy"
"Well that escalated quickly...."
"This is Tom. When nobody was willing to be my online friend  he was there. I am not posting this for sweet  sweet karma. I just want people to know his story."
"This is what I feel like walking around town. [6]"
"I found the problem [FIXED]"
"Karma is a bitch"
"If Justin Bieber Reincarnated as..."
"what a douche"
"bacon pizza"
"Harry Potter: The Later Years"
"Well  shit... Now I wont have as many reasons to use this."
"When I was 9  this became my nightmare fuel"
"Ren and Stimpy was kind of like Spongebob... kind of."
"Batman eats pony"
"Hands down favorite gif"
"Truly my best friend!"
"Just a man and his cat"
"This is what happens when you shopkeepers white their own signs..."
"WHEN Martin Luther King got trolled"
"Susan B. Anthony knew..."
"Possibly the best reply for everything submitted in r/WTF"
"Trees suck at interpretive dance"
"With all the &quot;pretty eyes&quot; posts on the front page recently  I thought I'd share one."
"How do you work this thing?"
"Oh James."
"&quot;So how do you work this thing?&quot;"
"This one is perfect  I'll take it."
"Interesting costume"
"Seems legit (x-post from r/WTF)"
"bioluminescent phytoplankton (x-post from r/biology)"
"Buckteeth"
"When it happens we're all screwed."
"My face when I'm staring at the clock 5 minutes before I can leave work.[FIXED]"
"who i imagine reposters are"
"If MythBusters ever needed ideas for a new season ..."
"Browsing Reddit when imgur is down"
"When All The Links Are Purple . . ."
"&quot;Hippo eats dwarf&quot;  I laughed so hard I fell of my chair. I'm going to hell. ^^"
"Destroyed by your own creation..."
"I love animals"
"I can't breathe."
"I've lost them!"
"You guys might get along pretty well with the new iPhone"
"I love SIRI!!!!"
"Thanks Siri!"
"Why so racist  Siri?"
"Oh  Siri."
"What are the three laws of robotics?"
"Sometimes  timing is everything..."
"How I feel with a Mac during the Steam Summer Sale"
"No big deal."
"Fosters: Canine for Beer"
"Bitches be trippin'"
"I could watch this for an hour"
"Well played..."
"Fuck off Google"
"Reading all the mean comments on my cakeday posts"
"Closing your browser after porn and seeing all of the popup ads"
"Wrong number"
"How I feel about Michele Bachmann running for president  or almost anything she does actually."
"So this hurts girls too?"
"Healthy  yet productive"
"Take the gym outside..."
"That a/c vent bothers me. (xpost from /r/leagueoflegends)"
"boobies!!"
"O.O"
"Everyday...."
"Whenever I post something to r/athiesm"
"A beautiful all American family."
"It's too late..."
"How I feel playing halo. Always blame the game."
"Only thing missing is a kitten."
"Now THIS is how business is done."
"How to do BUSINESS!"
"Your pet mouse? Sorry  haven't seen him."
"This made my day."
"How To Explain Sex To Children"
"Superman + Perry"
"Browsing /r/nosleep at night."
"Ducklings with mom"
"Had sex."
"Anyone else used to think one of these would get you a free tootsie pop?"
"How has no one done this?"
"One of the many reasons to be a cat..."
"Horton Feels A Feel"
"God I miss this guy."
"Fjord in Norway"
"This is Norway."
"It's been a rather sad day in America  here is a picture of Bill Murray to cheer you up."
"When I only get one upvote..."
"When I found out one of my black co-workers was on Reddit"
"Welcome To The Internet  Here is Your GIF Basket"
"Mind = sufficiently blown"
"Still my favorite picture on the internet."
"I giggled for a while after coming across this"
"One head  two bodies"
"Just a baby hippo"
"Whenever I attempt making the front page"
"1+1=2"
"An amazing sentence in English! (X-post woahdude)"
"Digging to China"
"Mike Birbiglia  good stuff"
"All Natural"
"My face when i just now realized I missed my Reddit birthday."
"When i see a post that has more upvotes than i have karma"
"As a skinny guy seeing girls posting about thick guys [re-edit]"
"Does this mean I win?"
"Today marks the one year anniversary of me starting the stopwatch on my phone!"
"It's a boy!"
"It's a boy!"
"Iguazu Waterfalls in Northern Argentina."
"Damn straight."
"The LAST supper"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"Watching load screens"
"I knew those magazines are trouble"
"Would not recommend."
"Just an elephant...visiting a sea lion."
"I dare you not to laugh..."
"Friend called to tell me I missed my cake day"
"My reaction the the Obama AMA"
"It took me entirely too long to figure out what was wrong with this photo."
"Okay  goodbye... OH NO!"
"Optimus Prime vs. Jesus Christ"
"I'm a good girl  I want to take things slow"
"Religion is like a penis"
"The problem with attempting a logical discourse with theists... - Imgur"
"Stowage of British Slave Ship &quot;Brookes&quot;. 1788."
"The plan for the British slave ship &quot;Brookes&quot;  featuring the locations of slaves. [1028×1280]"
"It's not a party until this happens"
"Not very good at creative titles.. This is just plain weird."
"My wife wants to get this for our baby. I think I married the right woman."
"Manhattan Bridge Construction 1909"
"So do I  my dear"
"oh Grandpa..."
"A word to those starting college this year"
"This is truly WTF!"
"He's not a quitter"
"Poor Batman..."
"Poor Poor Batman"
"Like Plitvice lakes? Here it is during winter."
"Googled &quot;what is reddit&quot; [FIXED]"
"Oh  You're hungry? (Maybe NSFW)"
"I am not here..."
"how i felt having both a migraine  and my allergies flare up yesterday"
"This is terrifying"
"Nigel Thornberry; ruiner of childhoods"
"Great Technique."
"Posted on boyfriends new account for him to show him how  already has more karma..."
"Well  that's one way to soften the blow."
"And the award for best mom isn`t going to..."
"Logged on today to see it's my Reddit birthday."
"How I feel when I win a game of CSS when all other teammates are dead..."
"Hey have you guys seen my hackintosh?"
"Photographer's little helper"
"I must try this."
"Kind of makes me want to try meth..."
"Koo Koo the Bird Girl."
"At the Disney Store"
"Who's the bitch now huh Kitty?"
"Yeah  that's right  you're my bitch!"
"Panther acrobatics."
"Soon..."
"When someone sits down in front of me  blocking my view of the cinema screen."
"Lights out in the city that never sleeps (x-post from r/sandy)"
"Not sure if re-post  but i'm new and this belongs here"
"Nature Reality"
"Stop embarrassing us."
"Dammit  Nasser! Stop embarrassing us!"
"Gold Ferrari 599 GTB....."
"Taste All Of the Cupcakes!!! [NSFW]"
"Um thanks  they look delicious"
"Alex Honnold takes on the third zigzag of Half Dome without a rope. Photo by Jimmy Chin [990x742]"
"Gotta keep the pimp hand strong."
"Louis C.K. on first world problems"
"as an American...its shit like this  America"
"The First time I had sex [FIXED]"
"It's amazing how a girl can change in 8 years..."
"going to r/toosoon after a tragedy..."
"Get back! This lot's mine!"
"Those awkward moments last a lifetime"
"I got fired  and realized I'd never have to deal with my horrible boss again."
"When I open my news feed  and see nothing but bible verses."
"He strikes again..."
"Its a good thing i dont like ladders."
"10 feet"
"10 feet."
"And my childhood is now ruined."
"If it fits  I sits"
"No no no  it's wax on THEN wax off."
"Grizzly Bear Cubs Boxing"
"This game was amazing"
"3D"
"After some hairstyling ..."
"How I feel once I get to page 5 or 6 of WTF."
"4 Chan's guide to meeting the girl of your dreams..."
"Buzz Lightyear Tron style"
"Anyone have this record player?"
"Digging Through Some Old Records"
"Worst bellybutton ever?"
"Goats don't give no shit."
"Gives me shivers"
"How it feels when i get an up-vote."
"Any love for a realistic Pikachu?"
"Almost there..."
"NO  there's Waldo."
"Just A Baby Centipede"
"A day at the office goes from bad to uprising."
"Don't abuse your computer"
"Humans vs Monitors. Not always the winner is so obvious..."
"So this is what it looked like downtown Manhattan...(the water funneled into the World Trade Center construction)"
"beans..."
"Mime got upstaged  yo!"
"Invisible wall"
"What about a catapult..?"
"FUCK EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS"
"What would it take for you to slowly walk through this?"
"This is what happens when you park your car in Australia..."
"Welcome to the English language."
"Welcome To The English Language."
"Notorious B.I.G. at 6 years old  right after graduating from kindergarten in Brooklyn"
"Human imagination is infinite!"
"what is a vowel"
"found this today on facebook"
"“Life is great. Cheese makes it better.”"
"12 Years and THQ is still unable to surpass their wrestling masterpiece."
"Um...Jesus what are you doing?"
"Deep sea teeth cleaning"
"They cancelled Jersey Shore!"
"Should you laugh at this or..."
"Black doctors trying to save a Ku Klux Klan member."
"A really close call."
"Apparently when iPhone gets too hot it starts speaking Spanish and English."
"You see....what had happened..."
"Found this on stumbleupon today  thought it belonged here."
"Bitch please..."
"Whenever someone tries to show me love."
"What is this animal and where do I get one?"
"Keanu Sloth"
"How my managers react when I tell them of a problem at work"
"It's Early Bird Special time"
"Guess what today is?"
"license please..."
"Babies! Babies everywhere"
"come at me bro!"
"NO! I'm allergic to bread!"
"So fluffy and cute."
"my favorite faceswap."
"Pregnancy"
"Was going through some old pictures on my laptop  and found this... Semi-NSFW"
"The Tom Haverford"
"I could really go for a banana now.."
"Japanese people love bananas..."
"Dole bananas?"
"Hadrian's Wall"
"Dark Knight Break time"
"Ledger kickflips over Bale. My life is complete."
"Saddest high five ever..."
"Ultimate Duck face"
"The duck face to beat them all"
"Damn. It seems like Stalin was a looker in his youth!"
"I was born in a tube.."
"5 different ways to trick your brain"
"TIL that Bill Gates has saved more people than this guy:"
"Small town girl has cancer  improves after bone marrow. Thank who for what  now?"
"In his opinion  one of the greatest inventions of all time!"
"50 Shades of Handy"
"Bitch Sticker"
"It's cold outside."
"MC Escher Masterwork"
"Never buy cutting knives from a dollar store."
"Just Washington in Florida"
"Still skeptical about evolution?"
"TinkerBell!!"
"A huge solar filament erupts into space [1920x1080]"
"Saw this in r/funny  thought it belonged her too."
"Uh oh..."
"Damn Giraffes..."
"This kid is really convincing..."
"my mate just uploaded this... straya carntt"
"Oh yeah Dipsy  I know you like that..."
"wtf Teletubbies?"
"Teletubbies..."
"So terrible... but it's hilarious"
"Its a beautiful day outside! Here is a shot of my garden"
"Today's Cyanide and Happiness: &quot;A Better Place&quot; [comic][pic]"
"When I'm trying to open any item packaged in hard plastic."
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"My golden and her new best friend"
"Full marks for trying."
"I like to use this one on the ladies (Fixed)"
"BOING"
"'Merica  FUCK YEAH! Coming again  to save the mother fucking day yeah!!!"
"STAR TREK"
"Hey man  want some chocolate milk? [NSFW]"
"This guy really likes chocolate milk..."
"If you don't smile- you have no soul."
"Even raccoons aren't that heartless."
"Raccoon and Cat knew their love was not to be understood by the world  but they didn't care. They were in love."
"Did somebody lose a kitty?"
"He saved my baby!"
"did you lose a karma?"
"Hold on buddy!"
"Was looking up photos of Thailand and on the first page..."
"Epicness"
"Congratulations!"
"How to properly animate a douche"
"Dashing through the snow"
"Rainbow Warriors"
"Some girl had this as her cover photo on Facebook. I just... what?"
"I believe this belongs here."
"&quot;Her new pajamas&quot;"
"Finally found pjs to fit him!"
"The best photobomb ever!!!"
"I'm gonna get all the bitches with my new dance moves!"
"In Blues Club"
"Dwarf leopard - kitten"
"This little guy will stare into your soul"
"Cutting Corners"
"Good kitten!"
"Why I prefer Fahrenheit to Celsius [Fixed]"
"Irish Philosophy"
"Irish Philosophy"
"This is why I get up in the morning"
"This dog really pisses me off..."
"Couldn't come up with a title..."
"That's enough internet for today [nsfw]"
"Listen Jill  I just can't do it anymore."
"The Otta Dance? No  no  that's the salmon dance."
"Another Halo 4 one"
"Poor Rhinoceros"
"I guess your point of view depends on how you see the world..."
"dam white people"
"When I'm sober in a club"
"How I feel about every spring line coming out."
"Too Much Halloween Awwww"
"Unexpected Problems [pic]"
"Really old  and probably a repost  but still the best picture on the internet."
"Baby platypuses."
"Eye Drops have never been so epic..."
"When I have to wake up early and my neighbors are partying next door..."
"How I feel as an expectant father trying to pick out a name without a deeply religious meaning."
"How I feel when I forget to bring my phone into the bathroom"
"How I feel when my &quot;This is the one&quot; post gets downvoted to hell."
"The Friday before a 3-day weekend..."
"When I reach for my cigarettes  then remember I've quit smoking"
"How I feel on fridays"
"How feel when i'm the first one to reach into a bucket of KFC."
".. and then I felt like chicken [7]!"
"The ultimate zombie base"
"Soon..."
"Soon..."
"When my boss is in a bad mood and I want time off."
"When I get a bunch of downvotes and one upvote"
"Here's a picture I took from my plane a couple years ago that I thought y'all might like."
"When your post goes from 5 downvotes to 1000 upvotes after coming home from work"
"Two Levels [Faroe Island]"
"Quantcast estimates Reddit traffic now above Digg"
"Whitehouse.gov tried to stop me from signing the petition"
"Google Translate needs to fix things like this..."
"Probably the Most Counterproductive Thing I Could Possibly Do"
"Oh Google Translate..."
"Super Effective!"
"When I try to sneak a fart out around my girlfriend"
"Oh sweet jesus"
"Vinegar Strokes: The often odd  varied and bizarre facial expressions a man make at the point when he is is just about to ejaculate."
"Titanic's propellers."
"The Titanic."
"Pyramid of german helmets from WW1. (New York  1918)"
"Just Chewbacca riding a squirrel while fighting Nazis"
"GUMBY SMASH!!!"
"Get that shit out of here!"
"Watch me make this sweet shot bro."
"Still my favorite gif of all time."
"No  seriously  ANY gif"
"Browsing r/lgbt..."
"As a female surfing SRSwomen for the first time."
"Mo Naked Hoes (SFW)"
"My interpretation of the debate [NOW WITH SOUND]"
"Too soon..?"
"Whenever I go to r/spacedicks"
"With Hostess going out of business..."
"Uh oh.... No more Twinkies...Hostess going out of business"
"As a New Zealander  this is how I see America right now."
"Get well soon..."
"Get well soon!"
"Seriously  they'll love it."
"It cracked me up."
"Where this fox is trying to go?"
"So a new cult was handing out flyers by my home"
"Dog treats are going too far! Check out &quot;The Package&quot;"
"0 fucks"
"8.99/lb for this crap?"
"Pancakes"
"Hidden stack of pancakes on the $5 bill."
"The longer you stare at it  the creepier it gets."
"The grandfather of the legend"
"Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche [pic]"
"In a parallel universe..."
"Meanwhile in parallel universe!"
"Ragtime cat."
"This made me laugh"
"I've always wanted to swim with dolphins. I changed my mind. Photo by Anke Saidlitz."
"Kate Upton Boob Jiggle"
"So they had BYO slurpee cup at 7/11 [FIXED]"
"BYO pool free slurpee 7/11 day"
"I see your BYO slurpee cup and raise you a pool"
"I see your &quot;BYO slurpee cup at 7/11&quot; and raise you!"
"I see your Slurpee cup  and raise you a Slurpee pool"
"Stoner kitty is too high!!"
"Browsing r/nostalgia"
"...and stay down"
"What it feels like being downvoted again when there are already zero upvotes."
"Me when I fail a test and the teacher says it in the front of all the class"
"Sabotaged!"
"When i try to repost a link with a funnier title or in a different subreddit"
"Crossing the street when I'm drunk."
"How I feel when my family tells me to get a job"
"Job hunting."
"As a recent college graduate  this is exactly how I feel"
"This came to mind when I discussed my future with my parents."
"How to One-up a trend"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1999"
"Destroying N64 Joysticks (and your palm) since 1998 [FIXED]"
"Poor choice in tags."
"deceptive clouds .. sneak attack!"
"Whenever someone tells me somthing I don't agree with"
"Yeah  okay."
"There is no need to be upset."
"There's no need to be upset ^.^"
"Heard this and immediately thought of her."
"Hurricane Sandy: My professional  expert opinion"
"How I imagine reddit when my comment gets upvoted"
"There seem to be a lot of Christian Bale gifs  and I really enjoy them. Hit me with your best one."
"HIFW I wake up after a night of partying."
"I'm Sarah McLachlan  and I'm about to ruin your day"
"How i feel when someone steals my jokes and gets all the laughs and credit"
"I missed my cake-day..."
"This broke my heart"
"Sad Kitteh"
"I'm getting married tomorrow  and we just paid off everything we booked for the event."
"yea this is dog and i am on my was"
"I can't tell the difference  both are pretty shit !"
"gorilla wut"
"Because it's my birthday and dammit  I'm lazy"
"When I realize it's my cake day"
"Clean your room  they said."
"lol wut"
"I can't stop laughing [repost]"
"I don't understand."
"Found this  very very confused"
"Lol wut"
"Buy a Damn Case!"
"0D"
"Quick  take the shot before -- (sigh) damnit."
"Oh hai!"
"Animal photobombing"
"Classic Photobomb"
"Das a good mo-fukin' chicken wang!"
"Oh god why?"
"On tosh"
"Ok  let's go!"
"It goes both ways ladies."
"Shia LaBeouf. Pink. Unicorn. Uhm ?"
"That moment when you thank God these aren't your parents."
"I was looking for the letter 'u' made with people"
"Nyquil Kitten"
"My 1st Cake Day. I'm sure this is how the rest of Reddit feels."
"Oh Fuck that was close. Only thing left to do is to take a picture"
"Ok I almost die  lets take a pic for facebook"
"F F F F FINISH HER ! (NSFW)"
"This was the first result on Google  when I typed &quot;troll imgur&quot;. Worth it."
"Expert troll monkey"
"My reaction to all of these dark confession bears."
"Baby polar bear!"
"Tiny polar bear"
"Matterhorn Mountain [1920x1200]"
"Everything's black"
"What It feels like on my birthday after accomplishing nothing over the years"
"I see your 8 a.m. class  7 a.m. post grad work  your 4 a.m. bakery  and raise you  1:45 a.m. to start cooking breakfast for my battalion. (bed at 10 p.m.)"
"To the Republicans trying to purge minorities from the voter roles..."
"My Cake Day post got removed..."
"How I feel around most people"
"Money Face Approved!"
"When I come back and see comments on my submissions"
"Pressing &quot;a&quot; then &quot;j&quot; on posts"
"Me having just created a reddit account."
"/new is looking pretty damn good today."
"For everyone posting the new Man of Steel trailer..."
"How I feel browsing /r/funny with my 5-year-old daughter"
"No idea..."
"It's true  don't deny it"
"Stunning"
"How I felt when I forgot my smartphone on my desk when I went to take a dump at work..."
"I'd give this ad a gold medal."
"There’s definitely a joke there somewhere about swimmers..."
"The average face of women across the world."
"My reaction to pretty much every overheard conversation on the bus."
"When people in the library refer to it as being in the &quot;li-barry&quot;..."
"Uni-what you said?"
"When I drop some bud on the floor and can't find it"
"A dog flipping over a ball"
"I must go my people need me"
"Life before and after applying to Dreddit."
"I want whatever he's having!"
"Happy National Tequila Day! Now  Here's a Cat."
"Work it  girl"
"The Bill Equation"
"If bobbity divided by shoobity equals zip zob zoobity  then..."
"Still my favorite Oktoberfest picture..."
"When I woke up this morning and had an Amazon email receipt for &quot;50 Shades of Grey&quot; that my wife purchased last night for her Kindle"
"I just realized I missed my cake day..."
"falcon KICK!!!"
"Lion King IRL"
"King Lion"
"Everything the light touches  is your kingdom."
"When someone complains that we've landed on Mars before:"
"When I post something I think is hilarious and then I get no upvotes"
"So my dad just emailed me this"
"How I feel during yet another failed attempt at the frontpage"
"I got nothing  but this made me burst out laughing"
"Every time another guy smiles at my wife."
"Plz don't leave me"
"SMASHING"
"An Easy Bet"
"this is on the homepage of my biology teacher's website."
"Browsing Reddit normally when I notice the little cake"
"How i feel about seeing all the posts about Snooki on facebook."
"OMG it's my cakeday!"
"im not sure how i feel about this other than i like it"
"IF this were a game  what would its title be and what would the storyline be?"
"A kitten on a saint bernard"
"Shepard's Delight."
"I present to you  Boo the dog."
"Drew Carey Was Once Terrifying"
"Drew Carey  Corporal  United States Marine Corps"
"Does anyone play an instrument?"
"What will your mother say?"
"In response to Snoop Dogs &quot;transformation&quot;"
"&quot;Sometimes to become a lion  you must first become a dogg...&quot;"
"When people ask me to share my food"
"The Fresh Prince of the Rings"
"Disco In The Arctic"
"Dear NASA  ..."
"Everytime someone says Pluto isn't a planet  I think of this."
"Every Friday Night!!!!"
"It's nice to know that some people are happy with what they have."
"The most interesting muppet in the world"
"Juked"
"The chase"
"When it said  &quot;Amazing pencil art&quot;  I expected something different"
"Mike  You Fucking Piece Of Shit!"
"Mmm.. Delicious!"
"The poor guy misunderstood what was meant by 'getting baked' (x-post from r/funny)"
"No words can explain this o_O"
"Who remembers these things !?"
"some of the reddit downtime pictures make me laugh"
"Deepest Pool"
"Iron man gives no shits"
"Shitty page layout."
"Another unfortunate page layout"
"That's a VERY unfortunate magazine layout"
"What it was like discovering my cakeday was on 4/20 and all the stoner karma I can gain"
"How to shave your beard"
"Why do racing games keep doing this?"
"This was my reaction when I learned my in-laws house is going into foreclosure because god told them to mortgage it to invest in a floundering MLM."
"Hey dude don't dare to play with me"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food..."
"Thank you  Jesus  for this food"
"Oh racism.."
"who to thank for the food on your table"
"This is who I secretly thank when I am over at a religious persons house."
"Thank Jesus"
"At the dinner table today"
"Uneven distribution of Miracles !"
"What religion teaches us."
"Parallel Parking"
"My Girlfriend said &quot;we need to talk&quot;."
"Whenever I get asked to cover a shift on my day off..."
"Killing Is My Business And Business Is Good!"
"Poodle Moth"
"Poodle-moth  I have no idea what i'm looking at."
"It's All A Matter of Perspective"
"Dani Danger and Gimp daPimp"
"Just taking my dog for a walk"
"Headshot"
"How I feel about these Fall/Winter posts when I'm from Austin  Texas"
"how i feel beeing downvoted"
"The Seven Deadly Sins: Sloth"
"Baby sloth yawning"
"Found this on a polish website."
"Seemed like a good idea.."
"12:00:01 AM - 10/01/2012"
"Ridiculously scary lightning"
"Cloudmageddon?"
"Erupting Volcano."
"This image is tripping me out"
"GPS trails of pizza delivery riders on one Friday night in Manhattan"
"JK Simmons"
"Who else is like this right now?"
"I cannot be Caged"
"still funny"
"The original repost."
"Coffee  anyone?"
"Relevant"
"My best friend is Chinese  so I can submit this without being racist  right?"
"The asian aging process"
"As someone who married an Asian woman  I can confirm..."
"Anon telling the truth."
"Trick or treat"
"Still my favorite gif"
"Still my favorite gif."
"How I feel about shit on the front page recently"
"Oh Timmy..."
"Oh Timmy......."
"But how??"
"Gangnam Style vs. North Korea Style"
"Otter finds a flaw in your logic"
"Puzzled Otter"
"The ali of kitty's"
"Uhmm  wtf is going on here?"
"Uhh... wat."
"The original WTF"
"So I guess some people get off to this"
"This is what I picture in my mind every time I see the letters WTF"
"Looking at an old /WTF folder  found this. &gt;tfw you pour milk on someone's head."
"3 Italians  a whore  and WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?!? Possibly NSFW"
"Uh  are you sure this is a good idea?"
"How to get an elephant a lake:"
"Apple Mice"
"My plan for 2012"
"How reddit users respond to reposts (X-post gif included)"
"how i feel about skyrim  as a non-gamer."
"My response to all the &quot;cute&quot; and &quot;funny&quot; Valentine's Day posts."
"How I feel about Reddit's college layout (fixed)"
"How I feel when I post a top YouTube comment"
"How feel about all these recent guitar case posts."
"As a ________ everytime I see a post from someone different than me"
"How I feel about my cake day or anyone elses cake day"
"This was my happy little accident while listening to Pandora today..."
"Like A Cholo"
"Insane pencil on paper work by DiegoKoi. (so good it can be in pics)"
"Fuck yea dad!"
"Hoverhand: Lvl 99"
"Solid advice"
"My thought process for every game I've bought so far..."
"How I feel reading my new mortgage contract..."
"How I felt taking the AP Music Theory exam this morning."
"How I feel as an Australian hearing about the NFL Lock out."
"You shall not pass!"
"Nice Leotard old man"
"Keep on truckin"
"How I imagine it looks when someone hits on Sarah Jessica Parker"
"As a CU Alumni  my Facebook feed after Obama was seen at The Sink"
"When I see any post about boycotting Chik-Fil-A"
"the state ofr/atheism today."
"browsing r/new when a new topic or meme starts trending on reddit"
"How I feel about all of these Sarah Jessica Parker/ horse jokes..."
"Bizarre Gold from 4chan"
"You will never look at Rolie Polies in the same way"
"How I react when I get tons of spam requests on facebook"
"When Facebook suggests friends..."
"My Facebook friends"
"A happy manatee baby with its parent"
"It's a perfect fit"
"So my local animal shelter is doing a fundraiser"
"Drop it!"
"London's survived much worse than some simple rioting..."
"My Ex-Girlfriend is going to prom with somebody who has my name and I'm going to prom with somebody who has her name. We were both asked."
"The actual greatest face swap ever (X-post from r/WTF)"
"Best Face Swap (can't find original pic)"
"The Weather Channel Reddit Style."
"So my ex-girlfriend called me earlier."
"How I feel in class today"
"On the road with Taylor Swift"
"The first redditor"
"Reddit today..."
"I like to smoke trees [6]"
"How I feel on Facebook"
"I know I'll get crap for this  but I seriously think he looks like Skrillex"
"Seriously  I don't want to see your child."
"I can't be the only one..."
"I'm not typically a grammar-nazi  but this error has been bothering me for awhile..."
"Every time I see a phone conversation on reddit.."
"After living in the college dorms for a few weeks..."
"Seriously though.... Am I the only one?"
"I only need like 50 sec"
"Fox guy?"
"How I pick up girls at the club!"
"This isn't my sandwich!"
"Oh  it's just Anne Hathaway ... HOLY MOTHER OF GOD!!!"
"What can I say? This is pretty epic..."
"Wednesday gots the feelin'"
"Wednesday Adams be TWERKIN'"
"Seems accurate"
"They always go for the boxes....."
"I didn't know they used THAT for robbing a store!"
"[HIFW] The Bengals traded Carson Palmer to the Raiders (x/post from r/nfl)"
"EPIC JESUS"
"I was closing by myself at work when I saw this in the basement and nearly had a heart attack"
"How I am whenever my ex tries to contact me."
"how i feel after getting 1000 karma"
"Whenever I upvote posts in the negative double digits. [FIXED]"
"How i feel being in high school."
"DAMN IT"
"Best costume ever"
"Pixar Lamp (Not the most practical Halloween costume.)"
"now where do I recognise this from..."
"kids of the 90s nostalgia at it's finest"
"Things I didn't realize in the 90's"
"Me when I barely make it through a yellow traffic light"
"You want me to take a nap?"
"Onward! To the front page we go!"
"To All Who Keep Posting Batman Spoilers On Reddit..."
"well that got out of hand awfully quick"
"I'm trying to figure out what it would look like or whats supposed to happen if they succeeded."
"The very picture of income disparity"
"Even after playing Civilization 5 for 6 hours today..."
"How I feel writing my undergrad thesis. Hopefully I am not the only one..."
"Where do astronauts hang out? [FB]"
"To sell propane..."
"Like I needed another reason not to try bull fighting..."
"The gang graffiti on campus is getting a little absurd"
"Gotham Style"
"Yes of course  it all makes perfect sense now."
"Haters gonna hate"
"It's not filthy in here."
"Favorite &quot;haters gonna hate&quot; gif."
"What I look like when everyone around me gets Train Simulator  but i don't!"
"How I feel when I think I have a good idea for a post and then it gets downvoted to the pits of reddit hell."
"When I finally have a reason to use this gif"
"I searched &quot;worst picture of Nicolas Cage&quot; on google images..."
"Peanut butter"
"the funniest picture I've seen in a week. or more."
"This guy is probably going to prison for statutory rape."
"Thievery (pic)"
"Grand Theft Toboggan"
"A brief of summary of my front page attempts on my cake day..."
"Good on you  Nordstrom"
"9/11 the day the internet attacks 9gag (x/post from 4chan)"
"Don't mind me  I'm just a Seal"
"Seal"
"A kiss from a rose  on the face."
"To Kanye"
"For all my friends who are on vacation and come to my work with a smile just to say hello"
"Naw man  I don't need a spotter."
"Hi  I am a fish"
"Any love for a Porcupine Puffer fish?"
"The Kentucky Derpy"
"I like horse show racing."
"This is still my favorite Photoshop of all time."
"I'm on THAT part of the internet again..."
"Feeling a bit bloated."
"My all time favourite face swap"
"Face swa..."
"Best face swap ever"
"Googled &quot;fish face swap.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"Better call the cops"
"What do you think we are created for?"
"Last Kiss"
"Such a lethal killing is completely unprecedented."
"Dear  come to the window. This you must see."
"Kitties!"
"From a pre-med forum  I present to you: party_surgery.gif"
"Just a nibble"
"One more One More Theory"
"So i accepted my 9-year old niece's friend request on Facebook."
"Every time you find out you did fun things in school when you skipped.."
"What."
"Found this gem on 4chan. Very wat."
"How the majority of Reddit reacts when you go against the popular opinion."
"Adam Sandler on beating his kids."
"Hugging my finger."
"&quot;Evidence of God's GREAT mercy in the news&quot; [Aurora]"
"Whenever I try to be cool and wink at someone"
"So good you'll kick your grandmother"
"how internet forums work"
"How i feel when I talk to my GF about other relationships"
"Gary Busey of Oz"
"POTATO CHIP!"
"Thought You Guys will Enjoy This"
"Me every time America wins a gold"
"Well that's...awkward"
"Awkward"
"Never knew there were so much kinds of outlets out there..."
"Any one else thinks Japans looks like Jason?"
"Clint Eastwood's view on Gay Marriage"
"How many of these do YOU recognize?"
"Giraffe banging a donkey"
"Tap that &quot;ass&quot;"
"awkward.."
"Guess who's late for their video chat!"
"Angels: The worst kind of bullies"
"Fuck you  I'm a panda"
"/r/new"
"Huh?..."
"Possibly the coolest snow sculpture ever?"
"White clothing is never a good idea."
"Great escape"
"Sweet Escape!"
"Touch of creation"
"You are not fooling anyone Mr Chaplin."
"What goes through my head moments before giving an upvote"
"When i find my crush is bisexual"
"What really happened in the debates"
"Walking through my college after having sex for the first time"
"How I react when I'm expected to work on my cake day"
"Really?"
"I think this belongs here. Wtf Christians?"
"Decisions…"
"Zero fucks given."
"Shots!"
"SHOTS!!!"
"Fool me once  shame on you."
"Wrong cat to pick a fight with"
"Pure bliss"
"Grab a cactus"
"how happy i was that transformers was on netflix"
"Console gamer. Laptop breaks. Insurance pays. Buy laptop that can play games during Steam Sale!"
"Feline self-defence"
"Kitty swings back"
"Bellsprout"
"How I feel when people post about what they did on facebook."
"Friend showed me this from /b lost it at a [7]"
"Dog likes dis"
"Stretch out the intestine"
"bread crumbs"
"I present you my fav FB repost"
"Steve Jobs giving finger to IBM - in 1983."
"&quot;I found him decapitated and swimming in feces after his former owners pile drived him into an active volcano  paid vet bills and here he is!&quot;... my reaction"
"Whenever I see that Internet Explorer 9 dubstep commercial"
"Whenever a Christian tells me a carpenter-god came to save me 2000 years before I was even born."
"The Human Trap"
"Just a Cat. No big Deal."
"Just a Cat. No big Deal."
"Hipster Cat"
"Mine! Mine! Mine! Mine!"
"My reaction after getting my first upvote."
"How I feel when I get 250 karma in 2 days"
"When I found out Emma Watson would play as a Burlesque dancer."
"How I feel when I get the shower temperature right on my first try."
"How i feel being new to Reddit and not having negative comment Karma anymore:"
"How I felt when I logged on to Reddit today. Mars Curiosity Rover Mission AMA?"
"Just imagine how this would feel"
"Nope."
"Combined my 3 favorite &quot;Nighthawks&quot;"
"Rappers as kids...they haven't changed a bit. [x-post from r/hiphopheads]"
"Alakazam used Psybeam!"
"Lets not kid ourselves"
"Hooray for the weekend? (Cyanide and Happiness)"
"I heard you like mudkips."
"a funny dog"
"Naughty Sockets"
"Don't kiss me..."
"Mr Krabs is chasing rabbits"
"Lil' Wayne ....."
"Crazy Optical Illusion [pic] (x-post from r/pics)"
"I love Easter chocolate."
"My feelings on staying home on a Saturday night"
"The Adventures of Helen Keller"
"I Googled &quot;Vestigial Tail&quot; and found this..."
"I googled &quot;Vestigial Tail&quot; and found this... [X-post from r/WTF]"
"Evolution man"
"This is how I feel when someone says: &quot;Because it's in the Bible.&quot;"
"My friend starts talking about Kim Kardashian."
"I really don't even know...(imgur)"
"My reaction when I found out Jersey Shore is going down after one more season."
"Drinking coffee the day after eating greasy Thai food"
"I'm doing this to all my money from now on."
"Defacing US currency in an Apocalyptic future"
"Electric Abbey Road"
"How I feel when a gif is reposted with a witty title and makes it to the front page."
"I just remembered that I have to work on Labor Day"
"MFW Ryan Gosling is most likely for 50 Shades Of Gray film"
"How I felt after realizing that my &quot;You had one job&quot; post was how the product was intended to look like"
"Must have been a good night"
"My high moment of the day [7] (x-post from trees)"
"When I get mad at kids"
"weirdest gif ever"
"Everyone Needs A Hobby"
"The newest dance craze- the human octopus"
"When the person in front of me decides to pay with exact change"
"My girlfriend got a new tattoo recently"
"Think its time to get some shut eye"
"Frisbee"
"&quot;I mean  it's just... GONE  Bro!&quot;"
"What do you mean?"
"I have no idea what these guys are trying to achieve"
"Maybe I should buy a boat first."
"Trying to sneak a late night snack"
"Not sure if cute or creepy"
"That'll be $7.07  enjoy"
"Why Mickey D's  when did you start carrying these?"
"DO I LOOK LIKE I CARE - made this last week cos there's just not enough gangnam style gifs out there."
"Picture of Obama on a news website in Norway."
"Incredible picture of a French soldier in Mali (pic. by Issouf Sanago/AFP)"
"French soldier wearing skeleton mask stands next to a tank in Mali"
"Okay it's pretty stupid but this one made me laugh!"
"A freshman when the cops pull up outside"
"When I'm pooping and hear the queue for my game go off in the other room"
"Whenever I drink tequila at the bars"
"Ever wonder what two handfuls of baby Koala look like?"
"Ron Swanson  The King Of Giving Zero Fucks"
"Patrick Star - 2012"
"Twin crocodiles hatching from the same egg"
"Twin crocodiles hatching from the same egg (X-post from /r/pics)"
"Is there anyway to change the text on this GIF?"
"How it must feel to have +1000 upvotes"
"How I feel when someone asks me &quot;what is reddit?&quot;"
"How work feels today"
"What...I don´t even.."
"Feline disrespect! From behind!"
"Sun Cat"
"Bill and Hilary Clinton"
"This little piggy..."
"Shit just got real"
"Looks like Allan worked on Saints Row also..."
"You've got mail!"
"He is ready"
"The best bird around."
"Derping as fast as he can"
"Just a picture of a basset hound running."
"He's not dead  just derp"
"Waking up on Monday morning"
"How I feel waking up in the morning."
"Perfect Halloween costume!"
"this guy deserves a medal..."
"Blrhrglghrhr"
"how I feel as soon as people find out I'm an art student."
"I wonder what his childhood was like.."
"Me too Emily  me too."
"Chicken  what are you doing."
"Talk about it  Chicken."
"A woman wearing a strange outfit."
"&quot;The Maturity Climb&quot;  aka  &quot;show this to your friends when you think they're being immature&quot;"
"Maturity Goats (a gentle reminder)"
"Most r/atheismers"
"These guys mean business"
"Meet the team..."
"These Guys Aren't Playin'"
"MIND=BLOWN"
"'Orange County Where' Needs to Hire A New Graphic Designer..."
"always check your surroundings"
"AHHH-CHOOOOOO!!!"
"&quot;Bless yo-.......&quot; (Nsfw)"
"ERMAHGERD  STERBERKS!"
"Kerfee..."
"Meanwhile in Soviet Russia"
"Meanwhile in Soviet Russia"
"How I feel waking up Monday mornings"
"When a girl gives me a highfive"
"Me when i get an upvote"
"Just shopping"
"So I hear the iPhone 5 is going to be $800"
"Just Alice Cooper and Colonel Sanders having a drink."
"Two B.A.M.F.s"
":D"
"After seeing &quot;Comment Score Below Threshold&quot;"
"Chinese researchers attempting to get close to a pair of Pandas..."
"Oh Nicolas.."
"I'm wet  baby..."
"Man hit by train! (NSFW)"
"Realistic Drawing of Spongebob squarepants"
"The GOP should probably get a new staging manager"
"Bad sign placement at the Republican National Convention."
"GOP built the U.S. National Debt:"
"McKayla &amp; Spock are not impressed by the debt we built."
"Say cheese.."
"This owl won't take your sass."
"The reason we struggle with insecurity... -Steve Furtick [600 x 342]"
"This helps when you see people enjoying life on social networks"
"Subways of the world"
"Praise the Lord! Miracle in the alcohol aisle..."
"saw this on tumblr..."
"Still the best .gif ever."
"How it feels to finish Masters Degree!!!!"
"a perfect match?"
"Friend-Zoned"
"Whenever I am with my GF at a party and a hot girl wants to greet me!"
"A tree grows around a wheel"
"Motherfucking excess baggage"
"The heroine they needs "
"WHITE WHALE HOLY GRAIL"
"This needs to be re-posted every once in a while."
"The 'Z machine ' the largest X-ray generator in the world  designed for testing in extreme conditions. Due to the extremely high voltage  it is submerged in transformer oil and deionized water  for insulation. Still  the pulse on discharge causes impressive lightning."
"REPOSTS&gt;&lt;STSOPER"
"I missed him"
"My reaction in the theater  at The Avengers premiere  when during The Dark Knight Rises trailer i see that it actually comes out on my birthday"
"I have been unemployed for 11 months. Today I just got a call for an interview from 4 different companies!"
"My physics professors reaction to the Curiosity landing after the 7 minutes of Terror"
"Just finished my 200 question French final"
"OK  I guess it's up to me."
"Kill it with fire!"
"Hey  let's hear it for Target too!"
"GothamMan Style"
"Oppa Batman Style"
"The Ultimate Weapon of Mass Destruction"
"Every time I watch my grandparents try to navigate the internet.."
"Me when mutual friends are about to add my ex to our Live party"
"When I watch my mom using the Internet…"
"Nothing compares to the cute."
"unk2step"
"Catch me if you can!"
"Cats are like Spongebob."
"What I wanted to do when Reddit was down"
"I believe I can Fly!"
"I believe I can Fly!"
"When you see it..."
"Being at a [8] while everyone else is sober"
"Has it been a year already? Well....."
"Photobomb"
"And you thought your mouse was bad..."
"Do this to avoid washing dishes"
"Went to class and found out it was cancelled"
"When something I upvoted made it to the front page"
"When I told a veteran Redditor that there is a gif for everything"
"Isn't this just Scrabble?"
"Carrie Fisher and her stunt double in Tunisia  catching some sun in-between takes  both wearing &quot;the bikini&quot;"
"Spider-Mans free time"
"A Child  a Chicken  and a Camel"
"Stop resisting!"
"While we're on the subject of badass tattoos..."
"Never turn your back on an Angel."
"Mom was worried about my trip to the Mines of Moria  sent her this picture"
"A true hero."
"Bella's First Handjob"
"Sparkly Vampires"
"Bella's first hand job."
"Cheerleader win contest . . . going fully retard"
"Winter is coming"
"Monopoly for black people"
"[Calvin and] Hobbes and Bacon"
"I wish they would make more Bacon and Hobbes comics"
"Whenever my friends crush walks into the room."
"Reddit paparazzi"
"Meanwhile on Reddit"
"I searched 'Cutest Picture on the Internet' into Google  I am satisfied with the result."
"Killer cat!?"
"Catfish"
"How I feel when asking a question in class"
"COOOKIES!!"
"This .gif will always be one of my favorites."
"How it feels to get an unexpected A on a test"
"Life in a nutshell"
"sad but true"
"Walked in on my little cousins..."
"Bat-derp."
"Ohhh yeahh."
"Skateboarding is tricky."
"Pretty spry for a wide guy"
"Skill level...Fat Dad"
"I wonder how long it took for this to happen"
"When a co-worker starts to tell me about their weekend"
"I think I did this wrong..."
"Pizza &amp; Cookies"
"So...this came up on my Facebook feed"
"Guitar Lessons"
"Kitty playing with butterflies (x-post from /r/pics)"
"he's so cute"
"This is what McDonalds chicken is made from."
"Size of a Great White with perspective to Humans [PIC]"
"I bet all he was thinking of  was home."
"Russian Soldier plays an abandoned Piano"
"Like I Give a Fuck"
"White knighting personified."
"Halp"
"Obvious gif is Obvious!"
"How I keep my wiener entertained. [SFW]"
"This is the reason why the &quot;Like if...&quot; pictures don't really effect me."
"Majestic Lightening"
"Meow Mix"
"If I fits... I sits..."
"Pick your weapon."
"Octopus: 1 Seagull: 0"
"You might appreciate this .gif"
"It didn't stand a chance."
"HELLO. YES THIS IS CAT."
"Reddit's back office"
"The truth behind the Reddit submission ranking algorithm"
"lolcats support  can we help you?"
"Reddit's front office"
"If countries' populations matched their land area."
"It must be real"
"fucking exibitionists"
"Hillary gets an eye full."
"Hillary Clinton being a perfect gentleman"
"Hillary Clinton being a perfect gentleman"
"Walking out of my last final"
"He walks among us"
"Poor Dr. Hedgehog."
"Science..."
"I don't remember that part of the story. . ."
"My hometown is having a foam party."
"So it's a little windy up here in Aberdeen today. Just a little."
"Those Herbivores I Tell Ya..."
"HAY GUYS"
"I want to die."
"Ticks Vs. Snake"
"Every time I try to do school related things.."
"Flying Spaghetti Monster WINS... Jesus LOSES"
"Had a run in with a wasp the other day...this popped into my head."
"Ferris Bueller street art"
"Nah man I'll clean it tomorrow..."
"Every time I open double doors.."
"Expert mode!"
"May the iForce be with you"
"AAAHGHLFGH HELP!"
"I think I'm in love...."
"Just a baby Giraffe... &lt;3"
"When I realized cakeday doesn't mean free upvotes"
"How I felt when the Doctor never showed up in the Olympic Opening Ceremony..."
"When my cakeday has come and I realize that I haven't found anything to post"
"No fapping you say?"
"I is hoomen too"
"So  this popped up on my newsfeed."
"Seinfeld  pure awesomeness"
"You got a date Wednesday  Baby!"
"Sexually Assaulted Fly"
"This is what I do  when an Elite 4 uses Full Restore when I'm about to faint their pokemon"
"Would you?"
"I don't even..."
"That poor woman!"
"How I feel Now that the Steam Holiday Sale is Over"
"Was going down the escalator when..."
"Don't you hate it when you are going down the escalator and this happens"
"I think I'll go the other way..."
"The collapse of a shark tank at The Scientific Center in Kuwait..."
"YouTube Super Edit"
"What Is Love?"
"The &quot;technically savvy  former Salesforce admin&quot; new user we got to &quot;help out&quot; just double clicked in her Start menu."
"Hello Earthlings"
"Don't tell me  you think I look silly...are you laughing at me ?"
"Nothing new here..."
"Derping? [first]"
"I could live with this punishment"
"Shhh guise  I'm on the hunt."
"The first annoying facebook-picture that actually made me smile"
"The jews did this."
"Words of Wisdom by Ron Swanson - Not highly recommended for your significant other  though."
"September's Aurora"
"Don't know why i have thread from /b/"
"what? I don't even..."
"A Baby Bunny"
"Grey baby bunny"
"Here's an Infographic Riot Just Released Detailing How Much League of Legends is Played"
"How Did I Not See This Before!?!"
"Bottoms Up"
"How I feel upon waking up for a morning exam..."
"After sleeping in for the first time since pulling that all-nighter at the New Years party..."
"Bill Clinton on the front page again?"
"Finished watching LOTR trilogy [Fixed]."
"How I feel going on Reddit for the first time in months  due to a broken computer."
"How it feels to wake up after being bedridden by the flu"
"Every time my church starts talking about witchcraft and demon possessions"
"How I feel watching the &quot;popular internet videos&quot; show on my local channel..."
"Who's the pussy now!"
"Saw another tumblr post on Facebook..."
"Your Package Has Arrived."
"I GOT ACCEPTED TO HARVARD!!!"
"Fuck it I'm in for no fap September"
"Creationists...I contend that we are both Atheists..."
"Run bitch!"
"Parent of the year award goes to..."
"Sorry  Africa"
"still a better love story than twilight"
"like dis if u cry evry time"
"I've Tried So Hard To Post A Good Link. Fuck It I'm Out"
"So long"
"if i see one more post about Train Simulator 2012..."
"How I feel when someone corrects my spelling in a reddit comment."
"My girlfriend told me she wants to have a baby soon..."
"I put this at the end of all my PowerPoints. Tends to give my professors a chuckle."
"My new favorite stereotype of America."
"In the event of a water landing"
"What the fuck is wrong with the person that designed this? Did they not foresee some idiot kid would jump off the edge?"
"Playtime is over for you two"
"Kittens trolling mom"
"kittens trolling mom"
"I CAN'T GIVE ENOUGH UPVOTES!!"
"Like a Boss"
"Animals' reactions to being placed in a cardboard box"
"My Favorite Fuck You"
"Calc Prof told me I'd fail if I didn't show up to class more... aced the midterm"
"OMG CLERP CLOPS!!!!"
"How it feels to upvote all the people who comment on your posts"
"Finding this gif"
"White girl problems."
"Reaction to Tyler Perry"
"Most of the time browsing the new stuff on r/funny."
"Browsing new in r/funny"
"When my girlfriend tries having tickle fights with me"
"Oh  So True"
"Owl head dancing."
"Oh no you didn't!"
"Friendzone Level: Over 9000!"
"Nuclear Explosion Milliseconds After Detonation"
"This is what a nuclear explosion looks like less than 1 millisecond after detonation"
"Nuclear explosion captured one ten-millionth of a second after detonation"
"Morgan Freeman Chain of Command"
"Fucking lightning!"
"Here's a really old gif I found cleaning up. Funny as well as educational."
"Old but still gets me everytime"
"World war 2 explained in todays language"
"Mexicasn Robbery"
"The best example of effective outsourcing"
"How I feel after picking up a Quarter  after months of having to buy grams"
"AAAAAAAWWWWWW YYYYEEEAAAAAA"
"It's Friday  so here's this pig in galoshes"
"Little Pig in Boots"
"Just a pig... in boots!"
"Prepared for those rainy days"
"He said WHAT?!"
"How I feel browsing Reddit (nervous first post)"
"Is this what girls in Peter North films feel like? sfw"
"CSI Miami  solving shit like a boss."
"My Reaction To 95% Of /new Posts"
"My reaction after going onto One Million Moms.com"
"My reaction after going onto onemillionmoms.com (x-post from /r/atheism)"
"Every time I see my mom reading 50 Shades of Grey"
"My face when I read that Clint Eastwood will be speaking at the RNC tonight"
"I tried to make an Obama chair joke to my conservative friends  this was their reaction:"
"The Black Night Rising."
"come back to see this little beauty on my laptop..."
"what do you guys think of the background I edited?"
"Smoothie Time."
"Protein shake"
"no comment  just wanted to share ;)"
"Please  take a taco"
"Alright Harry here is your damn taco"
"Who needs Patrick Bateman throwing upvotes at them when tacos could be so much better?"
"Oh Harry!!!"
"Well there is probably someone who would..."
"Just a baby sloth"
"For Mom...With Love."
"Me too."
"My Wife's Reaction when I come home late!"
"All I can do when someone successfully counters my argument"
"Every single experience I have with Uplay"
"When my girlfriend's professor didn't round her 89.7% to a 90%."
"To me  to you."
"can't stop watching!!!! please someone help!"
"MFW I have to work through the holiday week  including Thanksgiving Day."
"Oh hey  Halloween is soon right?"
"What I imagine redditors of /r/spacedicks to be like"
"It sees what she did"
"Ohh Meowww Gawddd Ohh Meeoww Gawwd"
"When im old  i want to be this badass."
"Fuck the police! ( fb post)"
"I see your blindfish and raise you a giant goldfish"
"When you stop at a red light and the car next to you is playing your favorite song."
"My reaction to a cop when he told me to slow down instead of giving me a ticket"
"Whenever I see a stranger with the same t-shirt on as me. [FIXED]"
"When someone mentions the city I live in in a post"
"That feeling when you head nod a black person and they head nod back as a white person"
"Fuck your Flamingos"
"Is your wifi network name anything to do with Flamingos!?"
"How I handle long jargon filled software license agreements"
"Too Long..."
"Gangsta Vader"
"The Bizarro Internet."
"Giant eyeball found yesterday on a South Florida beach."
"Dear r/funny  sometimes  you just make me go.."
"Don't mess with chocolate  you'll get shanked!"
"An anatidae friend of mine said I should post some of my girlfriends art for karma. What do you guys think?"
"NINJA SKILLS"
"When I ask my dog if he wants to go for a walk"
"Wanna go for a walk?"
"How I feel playing jump rope as an adult."
"It's my birthday  so here's my gift to you. It's a dancing otter."
"What do you do if you find an atheist?"
"More awesome than a monkey wearing a tuxedo made out bacon riding a cyborg unicorn with a lightsaber for the horn on the tip of a space shuttle closing in on Mars while ingulfed in flames"
"Add one cup of cutes...."
"Why I no longer live with roommates"
"Who ate the damn pizza rolls?"
"X-Men Origins"
"The biggest karma whore ever."
"Friend's first day on Reddit...r/spacedicks"
"How I felt 5 minutes into my biochemistry exam."
"Electric Lawnmowers need a bigger warning sticker."
"I've never wanted a doughnut this badly..."
"Dr Cox strikes again!"
"Meeting a redditor in real life"
"The Border Between Belgium and the Netherlands in a Cafe"
"The Netherlands/Belgium border."
"This picture always presses my giggle button."
"Nobody tells me what i can't do"
"TIL There's a breed of cats called Munchkins. They have really short legs and are extremely adorable."
"Oil companies drool when they see this..."
"What a douche"
"When you see it  LG logo"
"THIS"
"Murray sure does seem scared of that ball.."
"first i laughed  but then i was hypnotized..."
"That moment when you realize..."
"[X-POST /PICS] A flower with 80 000 volts running through it [pic]"
"When the Internet is down"
"ok I quit"
"The name of this school is redundant school school."
"Ooh look! A Muppet Christmas Album!!"
"A Very Special Christmas Album"
"No sleeping"
"What r/imgoingtohellforthis is actually like"
"What r/imgoingtohellforthis is actually like"
"Seen on a Taipei subway."
"Animals Hate Children"
"baby first step!"
"Meanwhile  in England"
"Logging on this morning  and discovering I had 1000 karma."
"How I feel when I ace a test after I thought I failed"
"A rather disturbing tattoo"
"In hindsight  that probably wasn't the best idea"
"And then the Prince raped the Princess  cause it was his god given right..."
"How I imagined Redditor dads on Father's Day"
"Net Worth"
"Has this ever happened to you?"
"Annie's Boobs"
"Repost"
"I too am moist  in my diaper."
"I see your Nick Cage image search and raise you this"
"I guess that's... original?"
"Meanwhile in Johannesburg..."
"Oh  South Africa"
"Heil EATLER!"
"You know I can  uh  eat a peach for hours..."
"A Hippolaus Cage  found in the wild!"
"Hippolas cage"
"This has gone too far"
"Rebellious Asian-American"
"During WWII Ireland added signs like these to the headlands to show US aircraft where they were over Ireland. This sign reads &quot;Eire&quot; and is at Malin Head the northernmost point in Ireland"
"This is probably my favorite gif."
"Watching the summer olympics as a Canadian"
"French army knife"
"woah what did I miss?!?"
"How I feel playing single player after getting destroyed online."
"You find some interesting things on Facebook..."
"A side by side photo of Obama &amp; Romney I saw on twitter this morning."
"Failure"
"hot-boxing in a car"
"At work  last day before Christmas vacation"
"Meanwhile  in America..."
"Hitching a ride"
"FINISH HIM!!!"
"Cthulu rising?"
"I am ready my noodly savior"
"Me as a kid when i didn't get attention at a family gathering"
"Obama gives a downvote"
"what kind of sorcery is this?"
"Where did movies like this one go?"
"pretty much every action movie ever"
"Breaking News !!!"
"George Takei posted this on FB  and it blew the hell up."
"A Lovely Day at the Beach."
"All I see is another day at work"
"Open season... for humans!"
"What the fuck am I doing with my life (x-post from /r/funny)"
"How I felt after Cinco de Mayo..."
"How I feel hearing my internet is going to be down till tomorrow."
"Can't beat tha-- Wait  what?"
"Kids are so violent these days"
"It's Tuesday."
"How I feel the day before my holiday break from work starts."
"first week of the semester and this is me"
"how i feel trying to finish up homework before the super bowl starts"
"Cake Day you say? Must. . . find. . . something. . . funny. . ."
"How i feel realizing i missed my cakeday..."
"The Friday before a 3-day weekend..."
"20 minutes into stitching xkcd's &quot;Click and Drag&quot; comic and realising it was going to be 1.32 terapixels"
"When I reach for my cigarettes  then remember I've quit smoking"
"How I feel on fridays"
"Lets hope it doesn't get to this point"
"My Reaction to an Angry Mob on Reddit..."
"What I post when I see my friends argue on Facebook"
"Nose maggots"
"The Perfect Picture For This Subreddit (Originally Titled &quot;War&quot;)"
"Meanwhile in Poland"
"My dog Kona i saved from the pound one year ago today."
"Downvoting a comment with 0 points"
"GTFO"
"McDowell/Ledger/Pitt. The Kubrick Stare"
"My plans after the finals"
"I hate ringing my friend's doorbell. x-post from r/funny"
"Cincinnati  I am in you and just tried your chili."
"I was out of milk  so I made mac n cheese with water."
"Veolia Environment wildlife photographer of the year 2012"
"Well; that's a bit forward..."
"Words cannot describe"
"This is how I thought it goes."
"Puss in boots"
"Found this on a photo stream at the bottom. Scrolled down  glanced away  looked back and WHAT THE FUCK. Creepy shit  man."
"Just Mr. Anderson and Jeff Hardy"
"This Is Kinda Weird"
"&quot;LUMP OFF MAN&quot;"
"Elevator illusion"
"A suit made entirely out of mirrors (x-post from /r/pics)"
"He would have loved reddit"
"Our savior from all of these damn cat posts!!!!"
"You say you like cats reddit?"
"Just George Bush eating a cat."
"What I thought of when I saw the thread about Gaben not selling out"
"Didn't think I would need an unlimited texting plan... till I got a girlfriend"
"When people make comics about other people's comics"
"How I feel at 40 years old browsing Reddit."
"How I feel missing a day on Reddit"
"Well... Am I?"
"You people"
"Every Time I Go on Craigslist"
"What did I do before?"
"Every time I hear that &quot;I'll have H2O  too&quot; joke..."
"Ivet Lalova warming up her glutes"
"What I imagine LSD is like."
"Dubstep Scares Baby"
"RIP this amazing man"
"Astronauts [pic]"
"The only thing I can think when people tell me they have swag."
"My friend in Africa just emailed me this picture of a lizard  I can't quite explain whats happening.."
"Sun in Mars"
"First kiss"
"Kids love it"
"Breaking the law"
"You want some of this?!"
"nah bitch"
"&quot;Wait til you see my dick.&quot;"
"Humid?"
"Who's your daddy?"
"the only way to play piano"
"the only way to play piano"
"This is genius."
"Surface Tension (x-post from r/pics)"
"Typed in 'Facebook Shitting' on Google Images. I just don't know..."
"What most submissions feel like"
"How could you!?"
"How most of my posts go"
"Time to shine  Typhlosion."
"How i feel after just finishing watching Band of Brothers"
"Owling...... Am I doing this right???"
"Wat."
"How i feel about no fap February as an unemployed person."
"He loves the camera"
"Your move  Jesus."
"Guide to avoiding Jesus"
"What?"
"Islandception"
"My exact disposition discovering reddit for the first time"
"For all you forever alone people ..."
"What you guys laughing at?"
"Lynda Carter is bored"
"Things I love about Internet Explorer"
"LABAS"
"CesC"
"Test repost please ignore"
"Apple Maps"
"Happy Birthday  Jeff Bridges!"
"Me  when I discover an extra beer in the fridge"
"Friday afternoon  15 minutes before I leave work."
"The 'Groove' Abides"
"How I remembered my grocery list today"
"Somebody said &quot;sorry!&quot; three times when we bumped into each other going through the door"
"My girlfriend asked why I have a bunch of pictures of Carlton as my desktop background."
"How it feels to talk to my dad for the first time after coming out to him as a nonbeliever."
"What happens when the Red Bull Stratos capsule eventually lands on some guys farm in Roswell  NM you ask?"
"I got 99 problems"
"I'm normally not into couples matching jerseys. This is the only exception."
"What the first Native Hawaiians saw as they sailed on their canoes in the middle of the pacific ocean many centuries ago"
"This upsets me...."
"Trying to get my wife to have morning sex."
"Some people are just more talented than others"
"Skater Lincoln."
"TOINGGG..."
"Don't just hate it when this happens?"
"4 lightning bolts strike the Aegean Sea during a 2011 lunar eclipse - Chris Kotsiopoulos [1296x864]"
"Oh my glob! You're just jealous of my lumps"
"You have breached Wet Koala's perimeter."
"Girls gone wild - SFW"
"only in japan..."
"Hold Your Ground"
"How most of Reddit treats new users"
"Aww Elephant... It's ok"
"When You Have to Sit Through the Cutscene before the Boss for the 40th Time"
"How I feel missing the Obama AMA"
"The graffiti in Belgium is off the rails!"
"chicago teachers protesting went to far"
"Back that ass up"
"Topless Hottie at nightclub"
"I like my coffee like I like my women... or through my women..."
"2 girls 1 cup brahs"
"&quot;I solemnly swear that I am up to no good!&quot;"
"Meanwhile in Belfast..."
"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day."
"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day."
"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day."
"Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope (NSFL)"
"Operation Kinder. It has already reached 25th place by the time this post was created."
"When I go to parties and don't know anyone"
"A complex maneuver..."
"Best Soap yet."
"Photobomb"
"This should not be so funny"
"Every Friday at 5 P.M."
"Spider-Man and Wolverine agree on something."
"I love my girlfriends artwork...."
"But it's gonna turn out great!"
"WTF is this from??"
"iPhone 5 special delivery"
"This made me lol pretty hard"
"He did it!"
"Just the sickest picture of an Owl You will ever see in your life"
"Danny Trejo and a dove"
"Whenever I win an argument with my girlfriend [FIXED]"
"A fish  inside a chicken  smoking a cigarette"
"Lightning at Huntington Beach  Bay Village  Ohio"
"Hi there......... - Imgur"
"Are you normal?"
"Scumbag little goat"
"How I feel being a redditer  an Apple employee  and a devout Apple fan after Apple won their lawsuit against Samsung."
"SOON"
"How I feel being here 1 month and having 1000 comment karma..."
"Every student presentation I've ever done."
"The thought process of the US Government on Megaupload after they realized SOPA wont pass."
"Just a reminder to all you out there trying to improve this world..."
"Carl Sagan: You're Awesome"
"Rubik's Cube Robot"
"You don't need a demotivational poster to be demotivational..."
"You are 1 person out of 100 billion galaxies."
"My reaction to hearing of my drunken antics secondhand after a particularly bad night..."
"High Art."
"Why am I here? (fixed)"
"When I try to introduce new music to my friends"
"American Psycho Europop Nod"
":("
"Soccer double fatality"
"Professional Soccer In A Nutshell."
"Where is this little slice of heaven?"
"The most feared villain in gaming. [FIXED]"
"Just a little puppy"
"So small!"
"Sick  fearless bastard."
"Deepak Chopra never stepped on a piece of LEGO?"
"Philosoraptor on SAP"
"If aliens influenced religion..."
"Anti virus"
"just my friend's chihuahua puppy surprised about being photographed"
"My friend's chihuahua puppy surprised about being photographed (x-post funny)"
"If you've ever wondered how a French Bulldog walks while wearing boots...you're in luck"
"I dont need it"
"A baby otter at Seaworld in Orlando"
"Why so serious  Reddit?"
"C:"
"Never fails to make me laugh"
"How I feel about how you feel about a sport."
"Quack."
"Wtf ?"
"Efficient Personal Hygiene"
"FBF sleeps in"
"Two spears"
"Clint Dempsey...I know you are but what am I?"
"The most manly 5 o'clock shadow you'll ever find."
"Been on Reddit everyday for months now. MFW I want to post something funny and realize I have no idea where the post button is..."
"Only one at work and Imgur goes down"
"Do not even think to throw things at Chuck Norris"
"Don't Mess with Professor Norris"
"Space exploration."
"My wife occasionally checks my computer to see what I'm up to  so I put this where I know she'll find it."
"Wind-Tunnel"
"How I feel about Justin Bieber smoking weed"
"Hypnotized [gif]"
"Why even..."
"I heard Reddit liked cats . . . Don't lie  all Redditors would wear this if it was socially acceptable."
"cat coat"
"The Reddit Coat!"
"Okay  which one of you is this?"
"Timing can sometimes make things terrifying...."
"What are you doing grandpa? Stop!"
"WUT A MEAN GRAMPA!!!! WOW!"
"I just had to do it..."
"Kung Fu Kitty"
"This Man ATE A Baby?! Wait.. WOAH WTF"
"What kind of job can I get with my psychology degree?"
"when I got my first upvote"
"The setup on my work machine."
"Lik dis if u cry erytime"
"Milky Way over the water"
"Not photoshopped. A long-expose photo taken on the Australian coast."
"Splashed across the darkness."
"One of the most profound quotes I have ever read."
"Emotional Scars"
"Emotional scars"
"Colorful ants"
"Ants drinking colored water"
"^_^"
"Ahhhhhh….happy birds."
"Oh Yeah  Back Up That Hard Drive  Owww"
"Prepare for Takeoff..."
"How I felt entering my first year of college..."
"Piss of the reed flutes"
"Don't know if this is a repost but either way this is amazing."
"I guess it doesn't really want to eat the taco..."
"cant....stop.....watching"
"Taco Sasquatch"
"Bad ass science"
"Batman"
"Picture of a donkey fucking a midget."
"Decline Of Civilization"
"I was going to see what time it was at home while I was on vacation. Little did I know..."
"after nearly three years stop watch finally stops"
"I think mine broke....."
"male jawfish mouthbrooding eggs until they hatch"
"I think the elevator is trying to tell me something...."
"Minimalist loft bedroom [446 x 700]"
"I get out of a relationship"
"Pixar vs. Dreamworks  thought this might make a few others smile- xpost from r/funny"
"A repost?"
"My Little Pony Centipede"
"When someone mentions its their cake day."
"When I make a typo on Reddit. [FIXED]"
"we've all tried this"
"How many cops does it take?"
"This song goes with ANY gif."
"This is how I die!?!"
"Well that makes up for everything  doesn't it?"
"Sorry"
"4chan [dis]proves the existence of God"
"How i felt after being tricked into seeing lemon party."
"This image sums up my childhood realizations."
"Umm...YES!"
"What I thought when I read about the face eater in Miami..."
"Cat + Money."
"Jason Segel explains what the muppets are like off camera."
"lindsay lohan gives the ultimate duckface: moving gif"
"I guess I'll just put this right here..."
"THIS is my favorite .gif of all times. Fuck"
"When I watch a gruesome movie with women"
"When a girl loses her top on a water slide."
"my favourite gif"
"4chan vs the internets"
"You know those gore pictures with horrible  but witty/funny titles? Most people's reactions vs. mine."
"On reddit in class. Proceed to watch the person on my left  and then right  visit reddit and create accounts."
"Ew."
"lol yeah right [x-post from r/trees"
"Triple Prizes! [gif]"
"Win!"
"Whenever I submit a link"
"when i submit a link and i'm waiting for karma"
"Hey Look!"
"I don't always repost..."
"After one year on Reddit  I think I know how this works"
"Wood Pile Art"
"Not sure what is happening here but it's definitely WTF worthy."
"This Owl..."
"Coincidence? I think not."
"when something is so bad on new that I laugh do i upvote?"
"They're so cute when they're that age"
"As a Canadian seeing posts about people getting their American citizenships"
"My reaction when someone tries to troll..."
"When I get an A on a book report for a book I didn't read"
"My reaction when I remembered Game of Thrones is back on tonight..."
"When i saw that top two posts today on r/gif are butts."
"How I feel when I get home at 5:30 and see a whole bunch of NSFW links."
"Ahhh  the song of my people!"
"mfw freshman girls start sunbathing outside of my dorm"
"Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart!"
"When your too drunk... (x-post from /r/wtf)"
"MRW my boss gives me a yearly performance review."
"Awwwwww. This is sooo cuuuute."
"Unreal"
"In Norway"
"Take that Theist"
"Chezebrelephaffe"
"When I see something from the front page of Reddit  on Tumblr  with a tit-load of reblogs"
"I was perfectly qualified for a job that paid very well. I interviewed for said job a week ago. Today they reposted the listing."
"So i saw this security van.. ERMAHGERD"
"I was warned about getting into cars with strange men..."
"I found this insanely cute"
"Hungry Turtle"
"My sister's tortoise eating his first strawberry"
"The Birthday Skeleton"
"Birthday Skeleton"
"And a one  and a two…"
"Business in America"
"A super messed up version of Mario Kart's red shell.."
"Best parent-child costume ever."
"I know its an old one  but we all need to be reminded of the sacrifices our parents have made."
"Chief Wiggum on Speeding"
"People are really getting into Gangnam style... i don't even..."
"Gangnam Style regret"
"Best bed ever."
"How I felt when I heard Nicki Minaj's new song."
"Another nominee for dad of the year"
"Pretty useful device. Especially when you're reading a book."
"Well... C'mon"
"When they know they did something they shouldn't have"
"The Steam summer sale has arrived..."
"Just when I was getting tired of the steam sale wallet jokes"
"When I see a couple fight and the girl mentions his dick (x-post from reactionsgifs)"
"A Hole"
"My friends and I at prom"
"Your face when you see this"
"It's nice to see everyone getting into character. I wanna party with these guys!"
"When my friends wanna to get over and game the whole night"
"that escalated quickly"
"The original photobomb"
"So Beautiful [x-post from r-pics]"
"what i do in my spare time"
"When you're at a [7] and someones asks if you're doing okay."
"I can't come up with a creative title (2nd time around) for this but I was encouraged to share from r/MakeupAddiction. So this will be one of the longer un-creative/not interesting titles for this subreddit. Enjoy or not enjoy. Thank you. tldr: picture I wanted to share with reddit"
"who says pet rocks arent cool..."
"everytime"
"every fat guy's motto"
"Whaaaaa?"
"Dog-sledding"
"I have never seen snow in person  I am going to experience it for the first time in my life this year. I expect my reaction to be somewhat like this."
"How to cool off in few seconds."
"Man gets wounded by flying dildo."
"Friends"
"My favorite face swap."
"Sad numbers."
"Coming to terms with having to wake up for school tomorrow."
"Spying cat is spying."
"KERCHERP ERN MERSTERD!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson absolutely slamming intelligent design."
"A platypus running"
"This is awesome! Hats off to whoever drew this."
"This Is Your Captain Speaking"
"A collection of my favorite internet animals"
"A collection of my favorite internet animals"
"What Sandy looks like from Europe. [fixed]"
"[PIC] Best album artwork in the history of bearkind."
"Greatest album cover ever"
"&quot;There is no limit to how much money I'll spend on my album cover. Go crazy with it.&quot;"
"I knew I was a gonner when the Octopus' tentacles encirled me in its voracious grip. . ."
"So tiny... WTF"
"Tiny-itty-bitty fingersquid!"
"Baby Octopus"
"Evolution of the alphabet"
"Get your slammers out  it's pog time."
"9/11 turned into fashion accessory...wow"
"Whenever a female posts to r/gonewild claiming to be innocent."
"That's my boy"
"Dat photoshop-bomb"
"rapist... puppy."
"Aw he's so cute...Wait what..?"
"Backdoor Chicken x Dog Bestiality. The Internet has everything."
"What is love boat crash"
"Ron Swanson in college"
"ummm... what. the..."
"Why would you kiss like that!"
"Poor Kevin"
"Mario's a dick"
"Go go gadget kitty!"
"Slow motion cat jump"
"This cat is a true ninja"
"no barrel  i insist  after you"
"The way to a ballers heart..."
"Can't argue with that.."
"Lunch  the way it's to be!"
"Used my EZPass for the first time today  this is how I felt!"
"yummy"
"I just...I can't...some help? Anyone know what this is?"
"Google Never Disappoints"
"Global Warming"
"Gabe..."
"Saw these two pictures next to each other in a CPR instruction handbook  I couldn't resist"
"How I feel when I make a witty comeback..."
"Gangnam Style"
"Oppa Gangnam Style"
"It happens"
"Saw this in the local club production facebook."
"Bowling level...Asian"
"Not sure if French or Fry"
"French or Fry?"
"Hold up..."
"Hold up."
"Just stepped outside after the Steam sale ended"
"go get em jesus"
"Disrupting class - claiming to be reborn Jesus - That's a SUSPENSION"
"Thawkward moment when you... Just Can't..."
"Ahahahaha"
"How I see the most uninformed Wall Street protesters"
"I got my ears syringed today  this is how I feel.."
"Every damn time."
"Kate Upton Dancing"
"Was browsing reddit with TV on in the background when suddenly..."
"Conga"
"Haterz gonna hate"
"Where is your god now?"
"Should I be worried about my mom..."
"Just a sheep armchair.."
"Couldn't pay me to sit on this"
"Just a horse...wait  what??"
"oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"When someone on the Internet claims their IQ is 140"
"When i try to smash a bug that's entirely too fast"
"I wanna sharing with u"
"You Can Lead A Donkey To Water...."
"Earth as Art: The Most Beautiful Landsat Satellite Images"
"This seems reasonable."
"Just a baby walrus"
"Marco Polo"
"NdGT dropping knowledge bombs today"
"When I'm home alone and hear a noise"
"My reaction to &quot;the talk&quot;"
"Who said it - Mr. Burns  or Mitt Romney?"
"Men in the baby food aisle...glad I'm not the only one"
"Chamonix  Haute Savoye  France: A Snapshot From A Mountaineer's Life"
"Mario doesn't GAF."
"Seems Appropriate (X-post from r/pics)"
"Mind blown"
"How I felt after explaining how the Sun works to my little cousin. Her mother is super Christian and thinks the earth is only 6000 years old."
"PEPSI EVERYWHERE"
"Pool Shark"
"Dat chin"
"I see your myst and raise you a zoombinis"
"High-flying dedication"
"I heard Ebert &amp; Roper gave it two thumbs up. (NSFW)"
"Racist Grocery Store"
"SNIPER! GET DOWN!!"
"Censorship Tells The Wrong Story"
"What I see and smell while using my waterpik after a few days of not using it."
"I see your Russian Monopoly and raise you... Ethiopian Monopoly"
"Gimme kiss"
"Cat kisses"
"Dream Big"
"One year guys  you've helped me so much when I needed it. Have some kittens."
"I go back to college tomorrow  this came to mind..."
"This is MY favourite multiplayer map.."
"Yip yip yip yip yip BOING!"
"To the red ball  and BEYOND!! Watch to the end - NOT A REPOST! I modified the original gif."
"FTFY naysayers"
"Mom of the year"
"I feel like this sometimes."
"Life"
"Whose job is also like this?"
"Finally understand what it's like to be an adult."
"Henry"
"Henry has a problem."
"FFS Henry - you crazy..."
"Such a happy little bugger."
"This subreddit has a disturbing lack of ducks."
"The Extinction of the Thesaurus"
"Shark Attack"
"I cant BEAR the ending"
"Quite possibly the greatest Craigslist car ad EVER. Ran into this while looking for a car in my area."
"I don't think I understood Psy right away  this is what I heard."
"This is all I hear.."
"The Difference"
"Oh it's never original"
"I can't stop laughing."
"Let me try it..."
"Iraq war for dummies....."
"This .gif explains America"
"Donald Downer..."
"Haters gonna..."
"How I feel mountain biking again after two years off..."
"3.5 billion years of evolution in one graphic."
"why i don't have kids [gif]"
"Dat shell"
"Dat shell [xpost r/gifs]"
"Finding out my post has a lot of upvotes."
"Suite mate has a loud girlfriend  should I post this on the door?"
"Riding on the street for the first time"
"So I got to pet a 6 month old huskie today and i was all like.."
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful"
"My reaction when i got 2 upvotes in less than 1 minute after posting."
"My reaction when listening to a Skrillex song for the first time (my ears hath been assaulted!)"
"My face when someone replied to one of my comments with &quot;Happy Cake Day!&quot;"
"Kitty made a new friend..."
"A dog ... What the fuck?"
"Fast and Furious: Humans vs Dogs"
"Dogs:1 Humans:0"
"&quot;...we'll be gone for a few hours son  see you later! ...&quot;"
"Best. Error. Message. EVER"
"Error message cuteness..."
"Just got this error message..."
"Went to go play Happy Wheels  then this came up."
"mashing F5"
"See.. he is real! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"This is no way to get a head in life"
"Touch my body  Put me on the floor"
"Careless walrus"
"This dopest walrus [Fixed]"
"George Walrus"
"Well thats one way to do it"
"Oh My God Harry!"
"Science Rules"
"Everyone loves a good rainstorm."
"Rain cloud over Newcastle."
"When I find those surprise NSFW gifs"
"Reaction to /r/gonewild"
"As A virgin here on reddit  this happens whenever I see something hot."
"When you first find r/gonewild"
"My reaction when I realized classes start Monday"
"Brand new gaming laptop finally shipped today  same day the Steam Summer Sale starts."
"After spending 3 hours on r/WTF  r/Gore  r/SpaceDicks  and r/WatchPeopleDie."
"Crack your mind [pic] xpost /funny"
"The answer is always more magnets"
"Just hanging around.."
"Da hell was that?!?"
"Introspective Pug"
"I LOVE PEANUTS"
"Blowjobs? I give nut jobs. (SFW)"
"Redditor breaks poor baby sea lion's neck for that juicy karma"
"Ok  now they're just fucking with me."
"It's ok reddit. Our long national nightmare is over. We can finally start rebuilding. Here is a humorous image to get started."
"Condom socks. WHY????"
"I noticed something magical about the Canadian $5 bill"
"Snape?"
"This is what I imagine being in Afghanistan is like."
"Look at this photograph. Every time I do  it makes me laugh."
"What I expect when I stay out of fights."
"Nailed it."
"grow &amp; harvest your own garlic!"
"guys my arm is itchy"
"Control-her"
"How I feel when I leave work early on Fridays"
"Awesome"
"If it doesn't bounce  give it the 30 second rule"
"MURICA"
"Rio's Cristo Redentor gets an updated look."
"Jesus (Cristo Redentor) statue in Rio de Janeiro get overhaul by elderly woman."
"So amazi... No  wait!"
"How I feel when I get downvoted at 30k karma"
"A gentle let down."
"This painting was hanging in the room where I took my AP test... and I could not concentrate on the test. How this is not a meme yet I do not know."
"Panacea [gif]"
"Worst Dad Ever or Best Dad Ever?"
"A little somethin' from your friends over at r/georgegifs"
"How about a drink dog?"
"Give a man a fish"
"As 21 year old kid who worked everyday as far back as I can remember I believe Ron Swanson is right!"
"Teach a man to fish"
"Get under the spout they said..."
"That's it  book me a flight to Iceland."
"Age Verification Win"
"Aww  how cute!"
"Penis Size. [SFW]"
"Penis Math."
"Why would anybody agree to do this shit?"
"So I gave knot-tying a shot today."
"How I think of Reddit's relationship to cats"
"She'll be back.."
"Chicago skyline  shot taken from Indiana."
"Awww"
"Really Cool Optical Illusion"
"I waited a year to post this and missed it by a day. Fuck the police  I'm doing it anyway."
"Anarchy in the UK"
"Yeah it´s a repost! Take that mods!"
"Back Country Wood Rider"
"when my boss asks me to &quot;follow him into his office&quot;"
"Everytime my Boss would turn his back..."
"Printer pls"
"When a redditor finally gets to the front page"
"My summer reading progress."
"What my paper looks like so far"
"Me  running to my computer after hearing Reddit was no longer down."
"Happy Duckling [gif]"
"Weekend  here I come!!!"
"Firsthand view of what it's like to be attacked by a duckling"
"Acid Cats"
"The Escape"
"Olivia Wild  white shirt and that look!"
"Hey doc  my bandage is a little itchy (NSFL)"
"There's a party in there"
"whoever posted this  you earned my repost."
"My favorite table flip."
"Naked Bear"
"What a great deal!"
"Because fuck being a dad"
"Man gets mauled by bear"
"Now you're thinking with portals."
"Just pure awesomeness"
"This. Is. Awesome."
"Because of lasers  never again shall I know the pleasure..."
"reddit.com in a nutshell"
"The only first world problem I care about"
"Most productive part of my workday"
"Every Time I Call Xbox LIVE Support..."
"Know your risky behaviors."
"I'm not out to my parents yet  but I think they might be onto me considering I look like this during any Olympic men's aquatic event."
"Every time I see a Facebook fight erupt"
"big smile!"
"New definition of hardcore!"
"Beefeater"
"Manbearpig-bear= Tool"
"/r/ funny today..."
"Truth or dare in Middle Earth"
"Lord of the Rings Truth or Dare"
"OMNOMNOM"
"I see your baby hippo and raise you a smiling baby hippo"
"Kiteboarding with a whale"
"The internet as of right now."
"Half of America right now"
"same height party"
"How to pick up chicks: Its fast  easy  and 100% guaranteed!"
"How to pick up chicks"
"Right before school"
"When my girlfriend wants me to hang out with her friends..."
"The moment your brain realize you have to take a huge dump.."
"King of the Downvote"
"Has anyone noticed this? Lord of all downvotes"
"Wat."
"Oh cool it's a comic about a bear!...wait  what?!"
"German Comic"
"good morning"
"The reaction of me and my brother when our grandma called our cousin a slut at dinner yesterday"
"Every time I see a thread titled &quot;I see your ____ and raise you ____&quot;"
"You've made me the happiest man in Texas..."
"Rihanna's &quot;deep&quot; lyrics"
"Too deep."
"The hard life of an elf"
"How hungry are you?"
"He Missed."
"Fat man in black (Pt.2)"
"Deal with it"
"Deal with it"
"This summed up last year's E3. Are we in for a repeat?"
"Looks like he's finally learned his lesson"
"Nope."
"This Poem Makes No Sense"
"Fine. I dare you..."
"My reaction to 95% of what I see on DAE..."
"Every picture tells a story"
"It's picture day!"
"A peeling..."
"Sorry to PUNish you all...."
"Wildebeest (x-post from r/gifs)"
"When Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office  Lucas sent this to Cameron."
"Cannot Unsee: Honey Boo Boo"
"Cannot unsee(x-post r/pics)"
"*Boop* (x-post from r/funny)"
"Boop"
"Batter up!"
"Awwww Yeahhh! Flowers!!!!"
"A very happy hamster in some flowers"
"Dubstep hands"
"This is what came up while researching children's book illustrations."
"this makes me laugh every time."
"When two Falcon Punches collide with each other."
"A royal pain in the Ass."
"Being good housewives."
"Theres not always gold at the end of the rainbow."
"I Googled house boat. This came up."
"Wormy -- oh my god"
"All Damn Day"
"This is how I feel visiting /r/wtf"
"Realizing I missed the borderlands sale."
"Go home flag  youre drunk!"
"There are no words... (comic)"
"Nasal Decongestant"
"What I feel like after walking out of the bathroom shortly after taking a killer shit"
"shopping list activity"
"Looking at my facebook newsfeed"
"The next person to make fun of Gabe gets punched in the face."
"Pond Steps"
"Prohibited [fixed]"
"What it's like being anemic living in a house with the air conditioner always on."
"I had a job interview today and this is how I did. I hope I get it!"
"He's got a point."
"A little sports musical chairs"
"Gossiping Swiss cheese."
"When I walk around my tile house with my bong..."
"Lyin Tometa"
"Who needs swag?"
"Even worse after a long day"
"Cat loves hedgehog."
"Need my resume? Nope."
"how to get a job"
"I've always wanted to be just ugly!"
"He's got the moves like Jagger  but he breathes fire"
"not sure if repost"
"The wonderful world of midget wrestling"
"Fuck you  I'm a dog"
"Nailed it"
"Could you name all these Characters?"
"Dougie by Kate Upton  fuck you McKayla"
"Why I try to never use"
"I see your burning van and raise you a bus being attacked by a ninja."
"Aliens... [NSFW]"
"Maybe the best Iron Man costume yet..."
"When I pick up an RPG after abandoning it for over a year..."
"Whenever I browse Facebook"
"How i feel as the Prophet Muhammad..."
"poor spidey  only get's to read about it"
"How I feel getting on Facebook the day after my high school's homecoming dance."
"How I felt with no midterms this week"
"Seems Legit."
"Pull Harder!"
"Well  that's one way to get rid of the baby"
"Wat"
"Take this!"
"Panda Suplex"
"Millionth Repost To Brighten Your Monday"
"MFW I found an entire subreddit who confused this girl saying &quot;No&quot; for &quot;Stop&quot;"
"My brain when i click a link  thinking it'll be different"
"This is how most of my friendships work"
"This came up on my Facebook homepage"
"The head shake at the end makes this one for me...LMAO"
"Seinfeld Wars"
"Do you think humans will ever walk on the Sun?"
"Waking up in the Midwest  this morning..."
"How I feel after 4 days without a smartphone.."
"clown-0. Tequila-1."
"You came to the wrong neighbourhood"
"Curiosity"
"A Merry Time at the Playground"
"When a post makes it to the front page  and still doesn't have an estimate on the number of upvotes it has."
"When I see the Wikipedia page I'm reading has a 'controversy' section.."
"What I think of the Poland Vs. Russia game coming up"
"What's the big deel?"
"This was a facebook profile icon."
"Spiderman's Speakers are a little too loud..."
"Louis CK on Flogging the Log"
"Louis CK on God and Masturbation."
"Romney's kids line up in the wrong order to create best Freudian slip of all time."
"Romney family misspells own name. Freudian slip?"
"Enough already"
"American TV Series"
"Calling all female redditors....."
"My reaction to all the &quot;Found out my GF is cheating on me&quot; posts"
"Me in r/awww"
"This is why we have Scrabble"
"How I feel watching Castle - Imgur"
"If I could just take care of this itch...."
"Fat kitteh can't reach his itch"
"O_O"
"Awwwe yeah! That's the spot (x-post r/gifs/)"
"Air Flow"
"Fine I'll try your stupid box"
"Dogtures."
"My neighbors at 3 a.m."
"This is exactly what it looks like"
"Do-do the 2-year old chimpanzee feeds aorn the 60-day old tiger cub"
"Cutest freaking....thing...ever"
"I have no pets nor arts and crafts to display."
"I've been observing and..."
"Hey  that looks like a good idea..."
"Baby hulk!"
"Trying to troubleshoot someones computer with them at the controls."
"When boss starts typing &quot;www.&quot; in Google search"
"I don't think he's gonna get better any time soon."
"When my toe gets stuck in my shorts while putting them on"
"When my cat poops on the floor"
"When my girlfriend makes me see a &quot;chick-flick&quot; at the movies..."
"Molting Cicada"
"How I feel after getting a numbing shot for a cavity at the dentist."
"Superheros"
"When I open a pack of gum  with my friends..."
"Call me maybe..."
"PARTY HARD!"
"Party Hard!"
"PARTY HARDD."
"How I feel being home alone during the break"
"One danger of a summer heat wave"
"Meanwhile  in Japan..."
"Uggh. It had 3000+ likes aswell."
"it's goofy time!"
"Way to be subtle Daniel"
"Damn it harry"
"Mom of the year? WTF?"
"My reaction to the Reddit front page being loaded with [death] posts."
"Just Putin on his way to save Russia"
"My reaction when realizing that I go on vacation in 2 days after having to bust my balls at work all summer..."
"Riker's beard - Deal with it"
"Funniest thing I've seen on Tumblr... ever."
"Took my last university midterm today - this is how it went (more or less)."
"Next Friday is my last day with the company I've been at for the last 6 years. Here's how I feel about emails in my final week."
"Bravo Target....Bravo"
"Bob Marley copied Drake!"
"You spelled &quot;You&quot; wrong"
"national geographic photo of the day"
"How i feel when i get back from vacation and dealer was waiting for me to use his new piece"
"First Aid"
"The film industry should consider doing these real life stunts."
"Soon"
"My reaction when somebody says evolution isn't true"
"Requiem for an Alpaca"
"MFW someone says it's actually spelled Curiousity"
"Literal wall of pain"
"The Neti Pot [Gif]"
"Pretty much sums up r/Funny recently..."
"Starfox is down"
"Gentlemen  if I may..."
"seriously  wtf"
"When you see it"
"poor widdle guy =("
"Just a kitten with a broken arm"
"I Said Stirred  Not Shaken"
"He Earned His Life in My Book"
"POW! Right in the kisser!"
"I spent my reading week on reddit"
"I wish I knew the noise this little one makes."
"The hivemind has spoken."
"Reddit today .."
"Facebook all day"
"/R/Gaming In It's Current State"
"Go ahead call the cops"
"For my First Cakeday: Kittens!"
"So  I found this an old picture of John Kittenger."
"Im glad wtf is still alive and strong in Japan"
"Woah"
"Steve Cathey defying gravity (sometime in the late 1970s) [1022x722]"
"Obama Vs. Romney"
"What all these worst mascot posts remind me of."
"When someone gets my order wrong"
"Could Watch This All Day"
"Manly man doing manly stuff in a manly way...of darkness"
"Like taking candy from a baby."
"... Old chum"
"Touch the rainbow. Taste the rainbow"
"don't worry  I got this."
"They're all sexy and they know it"
"Party Boy Conmercial Set"
"You know that type of music that dancing to it is just...contagious?"
"Sorry for the reppost but does anyone have a hi-res of this gif? I have the internet skills of a young mountain goat."
"*Slowly leaves the room*"
"So on my cake day  I am supposed to solicit upvotes from you all. This is how I feel about the whole thing"
"wut."
"Life with a hot cousin."
"oppa slender style"
"3rd world ingenuity"
"Impossible is nothing..."
"I would hate to be a teacher to bastards like these!"
"&quot;Student threw sandwich across class screaming YOLO&quot;"
"Sushi!"
"This is my leaf. There are many like it  but this one is mine."
"How I Often Feel As A Fifth-Year Senior"
"How I feel as a 25yo on reddit today"
"Thought you all would like this."
"You're gonna what???"
"IM GONNA CRUMB!!"
"Does anyone have the video of this gif?"
"I´m going to hell for this... but then again  thats were all the cool people are..."
"Nature taking back a library."
"Nothing gay about football"
"Meanwhile  in outer space..."
"Meanwhile..."
"Humans"
"So it's my Cake Day."
"These guys are the reason myself and many others had an awesome childhood  we all miss what you were"
"Let me see your war face!"
"This definitely belongs here"
"There can be no title..."
"Celebrated 4/20 before work because no one ever talks to me. This was my face when I got in just in time for my interview with life insurance reps."
"Rugby Alpaca"
"Saw this picture and just lost it."
"The persuasive powers of alcohol"
"BAMF squirrel"
"Level Level: Level"
"Bear Grylls enjoying a nice meal at 25 000 feet [1600x1237]"
"Am I a racist because I find this funny?"
"We can all jam to Tupac."
"Nod Ya Head"
"When i ask my 7 and 10 year old nieces if they want Pizza instead spaghetti."
"What is love?"
"Sneaky Sneaky....."
"Dat wobble!"
"Lost it at [6].. Could you imagine? and did you know that?!"
"Neat nature fact"
"Classy BBQ"
"My view on this over-inflated backlash against Chick Fil A for not supporting gay marriage"
"A white couple accepted by black people... [FIXED]"
"My girlfriend and I spent hours making these costumes..."
"I rarely ever post to r/foodporn  but after seeing this  I felt it was my civic duty."
"woahhh..."
"Japanese wrestling"
"LifeProtips didn't like my way of cooking hot dogs at the office"
"Battered Warrior"
"This person is the reason I'm an atheist today."
"Anyone want to watch a snake eat some chick?"
"Punishment [x-post from /r/4chan]"
"BOOBS OR HE DIES!(NSFW)"
"My favourite!"
"Obama on the separation of church and state"
"&quot;I am a Jewish jihadi&quot;"
"The worst torture imaginable"
"What I thought after posting the &quot;I've made a huge mistake&quot; GIF on Reddit for the 500th time and getting absolutely zero upvotes"
"After seeing  and deciding to talk to my ex."
"Checkmate atheists"
"What it felt like when I realized my Cake Day was on the 4th of July"
"Googled &quot;America Gif&quot; Fuck Yea!!"
"So I searched American gif and this is what I found"
"They said I could become anything I wanted to be  so I became a burrito."
"the first hour of a road trip feels like this..."
"How I feel driving my coworkers back from lunch in my jeep."
"Eyebrows are more important than you think."
"I'm a train!"
"Black and white orchid"
"Bang  bang."
"One of the best no-fucks-given photo's in history"
"Lord douchebag"
"I will probably never be as happy as this dog."
"Happy Birthday Boy"
"NSFW: Tramp stamp 2012"
"Bowie  Pop &amp; Reed"
"Moo"
"this cow"
"Food fight!"
"Food Fight!"
"Somebody Fucked with the Jesus."
"My thoughts on the movie Prometheus in general"
"Every storyline in porn..."
"Every Calculus Class."
"Whenever I take the elevator to the top of a 30+ storey building"
"destroying joysticks and hands since 1998"
"I think I'll light my pubes on fire  that seems like a good idea. (NSFW)"
"Wise Words"
"like a boss"
"Smashing (repost)"
"break free"
"Here is a photo of two baby platypuses wearing fedoras. You're welcome."
"Fuck yeah"
"How most people in the west are picturing Gadaffi right about now."
"Accidentally dropped flour on my desk[FTFY]"
"Damn cats"
"Since r/WTF has had so many Japan/Asia related posts lately  I decided to post my favorite Japan related .gif"
"My heart goes out to this motorcycle"
"These kids are so black  they ain't paying no child support!"
"They haven't realized yet!"
"They haven't realized it yet!"
"She likes to be decorated"
"Merry Christmas..."
"Meet the flying camel"
"Just where pimples come from..."
"Clever Description Forthcoming"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"Farming... yeah..."
"Whenever someone says &quot;I'll pray for you&quot;"
"When someone immediately reposts a shit post with a new title"
"My reaction when my dad got my sister a kindle fire for her birthday  but he got nothing for mine"
"Whoops! Totally tasteless and totally hilarious."
"That's a nice top...BITCH"
"When do they tour?"
"Adam West and Leonard Nimoy"
"If Apple made bottled water (x-post r/humor)"
"Introducing  Apple Water"
"I'd buy it."
"Slow motion lightening. [gif]"
"Super slow-mo lightening strike."
"Come on! This isn't helping!!"
"Breaking news from the Colorado fires"
"How we in Colorado Springs react to wildfires."
"Meanwhile  in Colorado..."
"This is lovely."
"Like a boss."
"Didn't get this as a kid..."
"My puppy likes to lay around and watch me while I practise yoga. She makes it kinda hard to concentrate sometimes."
"Came across this last night"
"For my cakeday - My favourite cat picture ever"
"0 f*cks"
"Creepy dad"
"Is this legit: Picture of the killed US Ambassador to Libya."
"(Y)(Y)"
"Just when you thought vodka couldn't possibly get any better..."
"Animal cruelty level: Asian"
"Pikachu Kitten"
"Pikachu disguised as a cat"
"This might be photoshopped"
"How i feel about this whole Chik-fil-a mess."
"It's simple..."
"what is going on here?"
"If there's a metaphor here I can't find it"
"That age old question....."
"Seriously. WTF!?"
"What the fuck did I just read!?"
"Kitten in a Top Hat"
"I give you  Sir Kitty. (:"
"It's wearing a top hat!"
"When I make a grammar mistake on Reddit."
"You won't take me alive!"
"This is Me  at the end of every week!"
"My OCD is so excited! (in b4 OCPD trolls)"
"TIL that some people shed their skin like a snake"
"The many faces of Kristen Stewart"
"Advantages of Switzerland"
"I searched hot dog and this cutie showed up"
"Just a GIF of a skew axis enveloping gear."
"This girl knows how to party."
"Yeah  no idea for a title on this one."
"Got this as a txt message. My boy has 10 of those 65&quot; LED TV's for $200 if u want one Let me know asap. Here's a pic of the model at best buy"
"How I feel when browsing Facebook."
"So I drove next to that big lineup at chick fil a the other day...."
"Not today..."
"How I feel when my post is doing good then people start downvoting."
"now that's &quot;slap&quot; stick humor"
"By Simon Rich"
"Redditquette"
"Reddiquette [Fixed]"
"My reaction to ugly people thinking &quot;they're sexy and they know it&quot;"
"A spider slowly descended in front of my face while I was driving today."
"Reddit's reaction after Obama's AMA"
"&quot;Who the hell did I miss out?&quot;"
"Puppy's gone full derp."
"Derpy dog is derpy"
"Loves a Good Bath"
"Hope this hasn't been posted uet"
"A Children's Story"
"I'll just.... Leave this here NSFW"
"Well  that's an unfortunate camera angle..."
"Ask for a demonstration"
"My thoughts on Chick-fil-a..."
"The zombie apocalypse is inescapable"
"This is my face when my girlfriend says she wants sex"
"Always wanted one of these..."
"When I find out a attractive girl is under 18"
"When my girlfriend falls asleep naked in bed but has work in the morning..."
"My first time touching boobs( SFW)"
"&quot;HOW I FELT THE FIRST TIME I TOUCHED MY BFs PENIS&quot;"
"We got this [gif]"
"We are almost there."
"When I hear my jam..."
"DDR fans will understand."
"Kansas city miscues"
"Now kiss..."
"Barcelona's metro tells it like it is"
"Angelina Jolie"
"When I get drunk and my friends try to stop me from sending messages to my ex-girlfriend"
"DAE Love This Guy?"
"Fish + Footwear"
"Just some cats having a party."
"Can't afford Apple"
"Macbook? Seems legit."
"Why can I never think of shit like this?"
"shut up and let me cook you stuff"
"its shit like this america"
"Patriotic pads O_o"
"Bunny eats a Cherry"
"Taco"
"Epic tree house..."
"What every weatherman's forecast is on the East coast."
"Cat Fight!"
"Mark Twain in Nikola Tesla's lab in 1894"
"It really does go with anything."
"When I wake up and realize I've overslept.."
"The swedish prime minister at Olympia Stadium in Berlin..."
"The swedish prime minister at Olympia Stadium in Berlin."
"Why are there more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee?"
"Remember them ?!"
"Legend of Keith Apicary"
"How I will spend my Valentine's Day"
"Om Nom Nom"
"Carbon people problems."
"What Stress does to You"
"On the fine-tuning of the universe."
"Where white man went wrong"
"Ned-nologic!"
"Canadian street gangs."
"Well  Shit..."
"Winter is coming..."
"Holy Cow"
"4chan on Self Defence"
"How I feel every morning when my cat jumps on me."
"Gymnast slipping"
"Reddit... The cats have spoken."
"This still always brings a smile to my face"
"Cigarettes"
"One Nation...Under God..."
"Ten Guy on playing cards with his friends"
"Saw this of Facebook  WTF!!!!"
"Saw this on my news feed. I'm not sure if repost or not but this is beyond ridiculous My mother and aunt died of cancer as much as I hate it does not mean I'm going to like a picture to say I hate it. My heart goes out to those of you who have lost loved ones because of it."
"Poison ivy rash - not for a weak stomach."
"Hunter S. Thompson's daily routine."
"The hot chick on my FB just uploaded her summer album!"
"How I picture people watching WWDC"
"How I feel making front page of a small subreddit"
"What happens if you ask for Photoshop help on the internet"
"The Eldredge Knot"
"You bitch!"
"Everyone's favorite thing about summer"
"/r/WTF today."
"BEEZ INA TRAP"
"One of my all-time favorites!"
"I love the green men"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson post dance floor tear up"
"My all time favorite picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson"
"Beep! Beep! Derivery!"
"I probably shouldn't have laughed at this"
"Baby wants a shower"
"So I happened across this"
"Gotta have tunes"
"Hey Ladies"
"Found this while looking for fridges at Sears"
"Nightmare"
"Pirate's worst nightmare."
"All of Gandhi's possessions at the time of his death."
"For sale: Corvette tail lights"
"How I feel on my birthday."
"I met a butterfly the other day"
"Creeper Defense"
"Forever alone? Not with this shit you won't be"
"When I find out it's my cakeday and I don't have any pictures of cats to post."
"Groom seeing his bride on his wedding day for the first time"
"Grand Canyon tilt-shift"
"Micro-crack in Grand Canyon through an electron microscope."
"This made me giggle"
"I bet money that a woman did this"
"Loading up Reddit after being deprived of it."
"Hostess going out of business."
"When my tolerance break is over and all my connects are dry."
"Found this in my news feed. No fucks if it's a repost. Those cats are awesome."
"As if Stewie Griffin wasn't FABULOUS enough already."
"Cool graffiti art."
"Thirteen years ago  The Simpsons described the Internet perfectly."
"Sums up reddit some days"
"The Dark Knight Rises: Adam West Edition"
"Designed a Dark Knight Rises poster!"
"Ladies and Gentlemen  only one more day!!!"
"Tried to reenact the same shot 30 years later"
"Well that explains iOS6 maps... (Fixed)"
"According to Lenny's calculations  St. Patrick's Day is almost here!"
"Expected emerging technology now-2040"
"Bump"
"Reminds me of girls on FB posing for a picture"
"This is what I see everytime I see drunk girls uploading pics to Facebook."
"Oh shiit!"
"I miss the 80's"
"who do you think you are.."
"He used to be a kid like you."
"Leave the limbo to the Trinidadians."
"Go home rainbow."
"How I look when I play guitar in front of people"
"What I look like trying to finger my girlfriend."
"El Dorado Through The Fire and The Flames"
"Still Dorado"
"Spongebob turns 26 today. Happy Birthday Spongebob!"
"FPS game evolution..."
"Just gettin a drink"
"Hate it when this happens.."
"Wabbit Season"
"Trying to win an argument with a child"
"Ginger"
"Spongebob Tampax?... is it just me  or is that so weird."
"How to win all arguments."
"Toy Story 3 Alternate Ending"
"He's got about a 100% chance of making that shot.."
"Ripening strawberry"
"My face when i see another &quot;Olympic diver's face&quot; post."
"People on the busbwere talking about how the iphone 5 is the best thing in the world."
"Volcano meets lightning"
"We can rebuild him!"
"Seems Legit......"
"found this randomly on google with the help of a friend... she doesn't think it belongs here"
"How I feel having multiple finals  a regents  and two papers due all in the same week."
"100% nigga"
"Me seeing a comment I made reach 1K upvotes for the first time"
"Don't offend Hitler!"
"I wonder what that will all look like in another 30 years."
"Choices"
"How I feel being in a good mood on Reddit. (Upvote all the things!)"
"Tonight  We Ride"
"my first cake day thoughts"
"MIND = BLOWN"
"Come at me bro."
"Filling out the &quot;Tip&quot; line when eating on my company credit card."
"The Dark Knight"
"With great responsibility come unemployment"
"Why Reddit sucks this time of year every year."
"U mad BO?"
"I'll be with you forever."
"Growing Up"
"Breaking up."
"And so he did"
"Break Down [FIXED]"
"When my little brother got more karma than me"
"We must stop this atrocity"
"When I find myself in a thread full of highschoolers"
"When I find myself in a thread full of highschoolers."
"One of the reasons Louis CK is my favourite comedian"
"Happy elephant is happy"
"Let me out of the box!"
"When a baby looks at me and their parents aren't looking..."
"I remember when  I remember  I remember when I lost my mind"
"So Snooki's pregnant  eh?"
"Just keep swimming  swimming  swimming...[NSFL]ish"
"How I feel like when I eat gummy worms"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"I get to be propeller guy this time!"
"Jesus was a humble guy."
"Oh  he HAS the moves"
"One year down..."
"a real ball buster"
"Adalia Rose &amp; Balls"
"Photobomb level: Asian"
"Nailed It! Erm  Not Quite."
"But spines don't work like that!"
"Freddie Mercury - Queen"
"Pull the handle if you want candy!"
"Seems legit"
"That Jump Took Balls [X-post from r/funny]"
"How it actually happened."
"When its 4:19 and my friends say we should roll a blunt"
"How I feel when someone uses roman numerals instead of numbers"
"When my friends tell me they actually get out of the shower to go pee."
"When I learned what NaNoWriMo was"
"He's pretty excited [FIXED]"
"When someone makes a post about their &quot;Cakeday&quot;"
"Iron Man lamp"
"Red"
"Real friends back you up... No matter what... ?"
"Screw you pole!"
"A rather reasonable reaction from walking into a traffic sign. [gif]"
"When I think I've won an argument with my girlfriend"
"Fresh"
"What do camels like to eat?"
