"Pretty much what happened to my pixel art post on /r/minecraft."
"When I remember it's Monday..."
"How DRM works"
"Misunderstanding"
"the Doctor meets Tron"
"Drive By"
"How I feel when I attempt to argue with my mom and my sister."
"I tried my luck at imgur roulette  needless to say i wasn't disappointed."
"Bitch  I got this"
"Leighton Meester looks stunning"
"Baby Otter!"
"Re-installing Baldur's Gate II. Luckily  I have the finest computer available."
"What's your favourite brand of rice  Spiderman?"
"AWWWW YEEEEAAHH"
"Is this how I karma?"
"Origin of Humans"
"Oh look a penny!"
"I have no clue where/what this is  but it looks amazing..."
"Too much OAG links. Who remembers the original Over Attached Boyfriend?"
"Licks"
"Scumbag Twilight"
"Scumbag Edward Cullen"
"Scumbag Edward"
"That looks painful"
"Crack Kill.... no NO NOOOOO!!"
"Oh Math Class You So Silly"
"And all these years I was just taking shots in the dark."
"Not sure if I like or..."
"Haha so cute!"
"Welcome to the Center!"
"Do a wheelie!"
"Dental Hygiene"
"Who knew Bill Gates was such a player"
"That face"
"Everyone could learn a thing or two from Bill Gates"
"When people bring up Jesus at work."
"Walked in on my mom and dad"
"How I feel when I get downvoted right away"
"Sounds about right."
"Sums up r/atheism pretty nicely"
"That looks painful.. [NSFL]"
"A zebra bustin' some moves (perfect match)"
"I see your spiral beard and raise you a striped monkey tail mustache."
"Every time I see a negative comment from a brand new member"
"After greatly anticipating my first cake day and receiving very little karma"
"That's it. I'm moving to Brazil."
"I'll just throw this in here"
"Faith will save us all."
"This is my job"
"If Elephants..."
"This gif is hilarious  but what's the story behind it?"
"When someone has a really strong opinion on reddit"
"How I feel when I unknowingly repost something."
"HIFW I stutter through a story and the person I'm telling gets impatient"
"Apple autocorrect finally gets something right."
"Makes sense..."
"I wrote a poem for you  reddit. Happy Valentines Day."
"More elephants are needed."
"The worlds largest jellyfish."
"You asked for a repost"
"you're god damn right"
"Instantly thought of reddit"
"Who wants to ride this hotty"
"Not a Fuck is Given"
"Favorite Picture of Endeavour Moving Through Los Angeles"
"That time two kids playing ball got photobombed by a Space Shuttle"
"Smooth like a damn ostrich  you probably don't hear this saying a lot..."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Haters gonna hate"
"What is going on in Canada"
"After 2 years  I broke out of the friend zone with my best friend  this was all I was thinking"
"How I feel being a North Carolinian Redditor and seeing all of this sudden NC hate."
"New CPR protocols are coming soon! Here is a sneak peek of the new CPR..."
"An Hour Before Your Final Exam"
"That poor cat.."
"How I think my cat feels when I pet it constantly"
"&quot;I'm happy I cut off my legs&quot;"
"Haters gonna.. OH SHIT SHIT SHIT FUCK.. hate"
"Oh i heard you like swag  well this is how i think you look like with your swag.."
"What is this shit. (first)"
"What is this shit."
"And the difference is?"
"That's freaky to imagine"
"Somebody call Child Protective Services"
"The internet is a lot like ancient Egypt.."
"Definition of the Internet."
"Toaster Level: Would Buy"
"What a lovely war"
"So how'd that work out for you?"
"No  please continue!"
"Happy Thanksgiving &lt;3"
"I wanna be Power Ranger now."
"How I feel as a new redditor when I get upvoted"
"It's Friday..."
"HIFW I take a huge dump"
"How I react to any spiders on reddit."
"Just playing some Wii. Nothing more."
"Goose is loose"
"ordering pizza: doing it right"
"Every day of my life."
"Real Drama."
"Albert Einstein in fuzzy slippers."
"Einstein in slippers (from here - http://www.princetonhistory.org/exhibitions/#einstein)"
"Been working all year to get the shape of this costume just right..."
"The Doctor Dances"
"WTF did i just read?(possibly NSFW)"
"Christmas in an alternate universe..."
"eh?"
"Cheerful bedtime story"
"Happy Father's Day!"
"success"
"This is how I feel arguing on r/athiesm"
"Kitty Rape"
"When ever I'm told I'm to harsh"
"He gave it his best shot"
"Clever mascot"
"Star Wars  behind the scenes"
"How it feels to be a republican reading /r/politics"
"If you don't feel old yet  he's been dead for 9 years."
"x-post from r/gif its really cool so watch it all"
"I know who is getting my vote tomorrow."
"Overrun"
"Upgrade your cat."
"How cats are made"
"How to draw a perfect circle."
"You are richer than most if..."
"Ballsy-iest man I've ever seen x-post r/AdrenalinePorn"
"How I feel browsing /r/new."
"Ain't no one."
"Ain't no one."
"Tiny Hippo had a Tiny Train. [☩post from r/awwwtf]"
"First .gif that made me laugh til I cried and ached."
"'20s kids will remember this."
"Grant me your bacon"
"HI....UGHFWWWWWWW.....BYE......"
"After rolling it out of the lake  it's good to enjoy the fruits of my labour!"
"Osama bin Laden: anti-Soviet warrior puts his army on the road to peace"
"Wow! That a bold new ad campaign there McDonalds!"
"Uhhh....guys. A little help please."
"Penguin"
"Poke a Shaq"
"stop creeping meowt"
"THIS is the Best Presidential Photo Ever"
"Rev up those fryers..."
"So I tried the Imgur roulette game. I laughed quite a bit at my second result"
"Origin of: Lookout we got a badass over here[fixed]"
"Its...beautiful"
"Me: Hey whales wachya doin Whales: Nothin' much just hangin'"
"The University of Glasgow"
"White people"
"Bitch Spray"
"Relaxed Kangaroo - Go on meme generators  do your best/worst...."
"Eerie photo taken just a moment before 9/11"
"Every time I get a paycheck from my minimum wage job."
"15 minutes after I started handing out candy at my mall tonight."
"Ex-girlfriend"
"I feel like a lot of men can relate"
"weird fetish"
"Polar Bear Disco"
"Dancing Polar Bear at Bernard Spit in Alaska"
"Stop dancing.. bitch!"
"Just some baby Pandas"
"Nothing to see here...just some baby pandas"
"All Hail!"
"SCAREcrow?"
"This man is my hero!"
"Ha! Oh shit!"
"&quot;Aha  I did it! OH SHIT.&quot;"
"too darn adorable"
"DO it yourself"
"The guy that every girl winds up with after saying they are sick of assholes."
"When given the chance...always deliver..."
"He doesn't bother to bite your jugular like a lion  say... no no. You are alive when he starts to eat you. So you know  try to show a little respect."
"Beautifully Visualized 439 Contradictions in the Bible"
"Contradictions in the bible image"
"Dr. Dre mixed with Squidward."
"Possibly one of the saddest things i've ever seen"
"Poor Squirdward."
"Hats for Cats"
"this belongs here (x-post from r/funny)"
"I keep looking at this picture and think about the possibilities. Of life  how it all began and the amazing chain of events that had to happen for us to exist  and take this photograph. I mean how arrogant must one be to actually believe that this was created just for them  before they go to heaven."
"Concept of an underwater hotel."
"I dont even know how to explain this? nsfw"
"Softball sized eye that washed up on a beach."
"No  YOU  FUKYU!"
"Webcam stripping"
"Gotcha!"
"Which one of you made this?"
"Something is seriously wrong with this girl."
"Soon..."
"Damn taste buds..."
"How I Imagine Most Girls On Reddit"
"This might hit a little close to home for some of us O_O"
"I've never wanted something so badly before..."
"Epic high-five!"
"5 second rule - [FIXED]"
"Growing up"
"This man is breaking all the rules."
"Grandad's pineapples."
"Fashion!"
"Whenever my brother would get in trouble for something I did"
"Bunny Bath Time"
"No one will notice that I missed a spot."
"What I think of when I hear &quot;Mixed Race&quot;"
"the only way to get upvotes these days"
"My son is convinced that this is what's happening in NY right now. (repost)"
"Best background ever."
"They see me rolling..."
"NPH Dance"
"Pie Chart"
"Both are chaotic equations  part of God..."
"Why is it  whenever I see this picture  I think of this"
"The doctor hypes a rap battle"
"Gnomes are for the birds..."
"There's no gnome cure for this epidemic"
"quote by Oscar Wilde"
"Maybe we should ask for directions..."
"Hungry kitty!"
"How I feel about the hurricane being a Floridian"
"People in the Northeast right now."
"As a Floridian  I laughed at how true this is"
"Time Travel"
"I feel like this more and more each day."
"It's like deja vu"
"What it feels like browsing new submissions late at night."
"That time in your life when you just say  &quot;I don't give a fuck anymore.&quot; (xpost from r/LosAngeles)"
"This just popped up on my FB feed. Possibly NSFW"
"Since September 12  2003. I'm a little bit proud of myself. Any got the full nine years?"
"Pugception"
"How delicious!"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"Really Facebook"
"Just saw this on facebook"
"Now I elevate"
"How to become the most hated person on campus."
"Typed &quot;Karma Whore&quot; for my cake day post. This is fairly fitting..."
"So i saw this during the debate..."
"Yes  yes they should"
"Racist joke - Enter if you dare."
"My brother took the picture a little too soon...."
"Stupidity knows no bounds in Scotland (xpost from /unitedkingdom)"
"Man attempts to dispose of himself in a bin and fails"
"Damn kitty hipster"
"Googling Anne Hathaway... this was one of the first images to pop up."
"ZOMBIES!!!!!!"
"We need a movie or a video game made out of this image. Right. Now."
"Fatality!"
"Fatality!!! (NSFW)"
"Meanwhile In North Korean Heaven"
"Math Class."
"If I ever tried to run from the cops..."
"Just realized I haven't filed my taxes yet !!"
"When I'm home alone and I hear a noise"
"When I realise the answer to a question 3 hours after the exam"
"Mfw i realised it was my first cake day..."
"Sagrada Familia Church Roof of the Nave in Barcelona  Spain."
"Protects your hair when eating...I need this"
"A wild baby dingo has appeared"
"I have a serious question."
"Upvoting a post with 0 karma."
"Found this on Fb..."
"Damn constellations"
"Deleting a failed post."
"Joss Whedon on the meaning of life"
"This magnificent bastard would have been 70 today."
"&quot;Fuck it. I better record this  It probably won't be on YouTube&quot;"
"You're no match for me!"
"I'm the hero America needs  but not the one it deserves."
"Every time I'm excited to view a particular picture..."
"Soon."
"Trying to stay awake in my morning classes after being on my summer sleep schedule."
"Felix seemed to forgot his cat"
"Reddit's kind of jump from the edge of space"
"Im not sure this is how its suppose to work.."
"NO"
"This is the coolest cat ever (xp r/aww)"
"Bad Luck Brian Today"
"Nutella is made in heaven."
"My First Orgasm"
"when someone is being a tease"
"So I went on Hundred Water’s Twitter Page  and saw this…. just WTF!"
"Anddd now I know how to draw an Owl."
"Hotdog  now with tarter protection."
"Remind me next year please"
"Punctuation Pirates."
"&quot;pomsky&quot; part pomeranian  part husky"
"The Men in Black are seemingly monitoring Google Maps"
"Conservative propaganda is a constant source of delight"
"Do not insert into penis"
"Seriously WTF (EDITED)"
"How I feel lurking through Reddit."
"What it was like when I got made a mod in r/ InfiniteMods"
"Correction - The worst part about living in Alaska."
"How I feel now that Marching Band season is over."
"Something about this photo really hit the soft spot"
"How I feel seeing a post at 0 karma and placing it in the negatives with no regret"
"How I feel when browsing 'new'"
"Because of Sandy halloween was postponed until November 5th...this years costume."
"Bears being Italian"
"Hairless chimp  creepy."
"Once every year  you get away with posting images like this"
"Gay  Black  and Jewish Klansman... Patrick Star  too."
"Look it's drunk barney"
"The truth about gaming controllers"
"you gonna light that pipe?"
"And... that's enough internet for this week."
"I can only question... WHY?"
"The other other white meat"
"It's called the Thatcher effect"
"This is just strange"
"The wind never stood a chance."
"Schadenfreude"
"Words to live by"
"real fan"
"Stumbled across this picture..."
"Just saw this in my newsfeed"
"Fruit Ninja"
"This place needs more seals."
"Found these on Stumble  too awesome not to share (and yes I know some of them are reposts) [PERFECT TIMING]"
"And another!"
"This fish got crabs."
"Slow news day."
"3... 2... 1... FIGHT!"
"Bears"
"Unce Unce Unce."
"Morgan Fucking Freeman"
"An island within a lake with an island within a lake within an island."
"Freedom!"
"Reddit  I need some more of this types of pictures"
"Everytime I submit Anything onto reddit."
"Just a dog with eyebrows"
"How you doin'?"
"Dogs with eyebrows"
"Rice Paddies in Southeast Asia"
"Looking at Business cat memes and stumbled across this"
"Every time I receive the Giant Wallet in Ocarina of Time"
"How I feel when I get a new tube of toothpaste"
"Bob Esponja. (Sponge Bob)"
"Is this real???"
"clicking pics is always important (for girls!)"
"Shaaark!"
"weed"
"Funniest YouTube comment reply ever (probably a repost)"
"Rapist Logic"
"fabulous"
"Childhood = Ruined"
"Burt and Ernie IRL"
"Weasel derp face"
"My uncle made his cat a maze from boxes."
"Nailed it!"
"The next summer blockbuster"
"YOLO"
"this guy..."
"This is my favorite guy in the entire world right now."
"just an epic gif"
"How I feel now reddit is back online"
"The greatest discovery ever made."
"Touche!"
"Reminds me of prison."
"Popped up in my newsfeed"
"Apply cool water to the burn"
"Batman fails at trolling."
"When I saw that shark week was the last week of my summer break"
"No problem  I'll catch it..."
"Ouch"
"Sweet picture."
"The kid everyone wanted on their dodge ball team."
"Here  take a seat."
"Realistic Portraits of Disney Princesses (FIXED)"
"Spotted at Taco Bell [Fixed] (English version)"
"This is what happens when you order too much Volcano Sauce."
"Dogs"
"Great album cover  or greatest album cover [FIXED]"
"Font matters"
"Thai Sculptor Transforms Scrap Parts Into Jumbo Autobots"
"Moses: Trolling since 1525 BC."
"stop it Moses"
"A Night at The Sheepury"
"An inverted Earth"
"Like a Bo....Woah  steady!"
"very useful for rainy days"
"fuck the rain!"
"These guys know what's up.."
"DELETE COOKIES?!"
"Just horsin' around ..."
"What happens when your pipes rust"
"Oh 4Chan!!! ( NSFW )"
"Did he die?! [gif]"
"Just gonna check a few links on reddit...."
"The whole world in a single drop of water..."
"Since I guess I have been on this site for a year  I give you the first picture I saved off of here."
"richard on vampires"
"Before my child can get behind the wheel of a real vehicle  they must come in first place..."
"[REQUEST] Does Anyone have this larger and in higher resolution?"
"After being judged for ordering a 3rd Cherry Limeade from Steak 'n Shake"
"My reaction when I found out people bleach their assholes."
"Getting back from a long vacation and fapping.."
"Every time I try to get off Reddit..."
"When I Think There is One More Step"
"Getting Pumped For Assassins Creed 3"
"This made me laugh."
"Too much Honey;"
"life."
"Party time."
"I took this awesome picture while cruising through Montana..."
"This is the best picture I have ever taken. [FIXED]"
"aaaaand I'm done with my sandwich..."
"This looks like a good place to sleep"
"When I think of veterans  I think of these guys Happy Veterans Day to all that serve"
"This is how I feel when I go back to comment on my post that made front page"
"These look ridiculously yum!"
"It's exam season in Australia and I have absolutely zero motivation to study."
"Timing."
"This remains one of my favourite stories  regardless of it's authenticity."
"I'm 29  and I still do this every time I see boobs."
"Oh  Metapod. Just when we thought you couldn't be any more useless."
"Chernobyl Ferris Wheel"
"Lieutenant Dan!"
"Just a burger please."
"Showing up to a party with my friends"
"Lohan Ch-ch-changes!"
"Staring at your soul"
"(Pvz) the the walking dead mashup"
"What the hell IS that!?"
"Apparently it's the best toy ever"
"The hero that r/WTF needs  but perhaps not the one it deserves."
"My first time browsing r/spacedicks."
"&quot;Hey! Who turned out the lights?&quot; (and gave me pills spiked with Vraxoin?) [x-post]"
"Steve Buscemi"
"Emma."
"When I found out Kristen Stewart was 15 in the Top 100 Hottesr"
"That feel when you finish a paper at 5 am."
"Reality Versus A Mother's Perception"
"HIFW I take a joke too far..."
"The $50 Lesson"
"Whaaaat!"
"How I feel learning that my ex girlfriend married her current boyfriend of 2 months"
"You're a thug  Gramps."
"How I feel when people post videos on Reddit."
"How I feel seeing 60 minute videos on pornhub"
"Guinea pigs out for a bath"
"When I know the pizza is too hot but risk it anyway.."
"Did not see that coming."
"Balls of steel! (r/Gaming xpost)"
"I Got Balls Of Steel [X-Post from r\gaming]"
"It's my cake day. Here's a picture of a Kitten."
"So many feels..."
"How i feel when i get home from work and have a cuddle with my family..."
"Bring these back?"
"Weeeeeeee!"
"How I feel as someone who just started reading the series after talking to my friends who have read everything thus far."
"This is what happens when I stay up really late... O.o"
"I... Wha.... I have no words for this..."
"Interesting components of various Google offices around the world"
"Can't stop laughing"
"Filling out my March Madness bracket  every year."
"After sleeping with my ex-girlfriend's best friend."
"How I feel flirting with a girl after being in a relationship for 2 years."
"Trying to keep up with the discussions on r/DepthHub"
"Life as a rocket scientist"
"6'3&quot; 210Lb me trying to do Yoga"
"In Oregon it's illegal to pump your own gas. This is how I feel whenever I have to fill up out of state."
"Being a constant viewer of R/gaming  I felt this was appropriate."
"North Korea: The worlds darkest country"
"Leela does the robot"
"Seen this too many times to not post"
"Yo  shit's on fire"
"Best &quot;Deal with It&quot; gif ever!"
"This will not end well."
"JIMMY! STOP JUMPING ON THE BRIDGE!"
"Sorry guys... I'm not sure where this goes  just thought reddit should see this show of classy in the local Walmart parking lot."
"They start at a young age"
"Me and my buddy during the entire sex education module in high school"
"Just an Alpaca BEFORE and AFTER shaving."
"Jedi vs Christians"
"Michael Gambon's dance. Alan Rickman's face. Guy in background's stance."
"Everyone on r/pics waiting to post the Mars landing photos."
"Who is he waiting for?"
"BEAR DICK PUNCH"
"Bananaphone"
"Sexy cat is grumpy"
"Seriously  who wouldn't want one of these cuties?"
"Pressing &quot;a&quot; then &quot;j&quot; on posts [FIXED]"
"Boss giving me something at lunch to &quot;improve&quot; my work skills."
"Science!"
"Aperture Science just put this picture up on Facebook"
"Only Science..."
"I must go  my people need me!"
"Can you name the robots?"
"When someone told me toilet seat covers do absolutely nothing to protect you from disease..."
"Yo Dawg"
"How I feel moving from shit retail into my field."
"Downvote gif"
"Something was lost in translation here."
"Just installed 2 12&quot; subs!"
"Episode VII"
"When I tell a joke and no one laughs..."
"How I feel every time I smoke out a troll in /r/atheism"
"Rediscovered this on my computer  I cracked up"
"I'm a pretty pretty ballerina... look at me spin  dance and twirl!"
"Yummy!"
"How every night on Reddit ends....."
"The Dark Knight Rises ending [SPOILERS]"
"Waaaiiiiit a minute.. I see whatcya did there."
"Can't... stop... watching!"
"How I felt as an African-American discovering r/ghettojerk by pressing random."
"I laughed way to hard at this."
"I've seen a lot of this kinda stuff but I really can't stand this one"
"Deciding the fate of fellow redditors is hard work."
"This Popped up on Facebook..."
"This seemed appropriate"
"&quot;I could feel myself break the speed of sound&quot; --Felix Baumgartner"
"Take your best shot."
"This girl is a keeper [fixed]"
"I think this belongs here"
"Optical Illusion: Clockwise or counterclockwise?"
"When somebody's repost of your stuff does well  while yours did terrible"
"this is how I felt when I found out bioshock infinite was being delayed"
"how i feel when i post on reddit and i don't own a cat to boost my karma"
"When I see re-posts getting massive karma."
"I've been on Reddit far too long"
"Alcohol is always the solution!"
"And the most notorious lack of ass genetics goes to..."
"How I Feel Looking at My 69 Karma for the Last Month"
"Seems Legit"
"Heh"
"Just a cat doing laundry..."
"It hurts just watching"
"For those who get offended."
"(SPOILERS!) Fight Club Fan-Art"
"When I see some quality OC"
"How to kill a walrus"
"When I get into the Diablo 3 servers"
"How I feel when I find out that its my cakeday"
"When my karma goes from 68 to 1283 over night"
"1/2 cup of aww."
"Long live the king."
"escalators"
"Signs of an abusive relationship"
"Crispy as fuck.."
"i dont even know whats going on"
"Gangnam Style."
"To this day my favorite gif."
"The youngest picture of the Beatles that I've seen"
"The youngest picture of the Beatles that I've seen"
"Need a Valentine?"
"Tired of upvoting 'spilling gifs' ?"
"Dark side of the moon"
"I'll explain later  just hop in!"
"Hop in!"
"you're doing it wrong"
"Lincoln just can't catch a break"
"I know who shot Lincoln..."
"Its a real panda. On an airplane. With a snack"
"Me when someone downvotes my first post"
"This is an ad for a lubricant. When you see it..."
"Googled &quot;surprise motherfucka&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"MUTHAFUCKA!!"
"my first try at a downvote gif"
"Whenever I go on r/new..."
"Go away! Nothing to see here"
"when down voting a post with 1 to 0"
"How I feel standing in my room sometimes. [FIXED]"
"How my relatives dance when they get drunk"
"The Kazakh folk music is fitting!"
"The worst image on r/gonewild [SFW]"
"It was inevitable..."
"That never happened Jesus."
"How I feel when receiving atleast 10 upvotes [.gif]"
"Guess Whose Birthday It Is Today?"
"Google celebrating Bob Ross' 70th birthday right."
"Liam The Bad Ass"
"The original Morgan Freeman."
"&quot;Haha  that was funny guys. Dicks.&quot;"
"Imagination around the world"
"Curiosity takes self-pic. Can you find its face?"
"They're pumping alright"
"When going down on a girl at a music festival"
"r/aww doesn't have nearly enough otters"
"Whatever happened to this guy?"
"Put your finger in your ear and scratch"
"Buscemized"
"When my semi successful post is suddenly flooded with downvotes."
"It's my first Cake-Day  and I want to celebrate by sharing an album of my favorite images from my year with Reddit. Enjoy!"
"Opportunistic Dog"
"Based on a true story."
"Guys.. Guys  Listen!"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Shit like this really makes me rage."
"Parent of the Year [FB]"
"When I wake up right before my alarm goes off..."
"I eat bunny poop"
"My girlfriend left her phone unattended."
"If only he actually did this"
"If Obama and Romney switched hairstyles..."
"So I googled Nicolas Cage"
"Oh  there's the camera [xpost from /r/hockey]"
"oh god how did I get here I'm not good at hockey"
"I love Hockey"
"When I got caught wanking... (first)"
"How I imagine most of the submitters to r/aww"
"Never go to war with a Redditor."
"Kids in the 90's had the best toys."
"They're more fun than a pillow fight..."
"Excavator ride"
"Cat Gang"
"Excellent Choice"
"they hattin'"
"How it really feels to get over a thousand upvotes"
"So I told this girl on /gonewild that she was hot and she asked me to meet up with here...said no one ever."
"Always sunny fans?"
"REDDIT IS BACK!"
"Washing machine"
"Whenever I try to give my dog a kiss.."
"But you're so cute when you're sleeping"
"Go to sleep."
"Ads that wordlessly explain their product"
"I see what you did there."
"Hipster umbrella."
"Spiderman's Swag"
"Faith in humanity  LOST."
"Faceswap and a shirtswap"
"theres a fine line between real life  and fantasy"
"Glorious (all i saw)"
"Fuckin' true story bro"
"Seems like a good solution to me!"
"The giver of no fucks."
"My grandfather attached this to an email he sent me. &quot;How boobs got their name&quot;"
"Taylor's gonna show her Tay tay"
"This has been my wallpaper for some time now  it stills makes everyone laugh when they walk in."
"Wait for it.."
"The more I watch  the less I understand."
"Lovin that banana."
"The weirdest thing I've ever found typing in a random link on Imgur.[GIF]"
"When Someone Declares Rule 34."
"South African Impala gets head taken over by asshole spider.."
"I wish I had sympathy"
"Searched for Unicorn Cats on google  and google delivered."
"Searched for Unicorn Cats on google  and google delivered."
"Disney  you may have purchased Star Wars  but in a profound way  the mythos belongs to all of us. We're putting our trust in you  so please  make us proud."
"Disney  you may have purchased Star Wars  but in a profound way  the mythos belongs to all of us. We're putting our trust in you  so please  make us proud. As a gesture of good faith  I have made this image to commemorate the occasion."
"I can only assume this was taken seconds before the Secret Service tazed him."
"Bear-hugging the president"
"This man walked into my friends restaurant today!"
"Just finished my last shift in the military"
"Our reaction after my best friend's wife let him visit me out of town for the weekend..."
"Top 12 Candidates for the 2012 National Geographic Photo of the Year Contest"
"THE EXPLOSION!"
"What I think every time Sunday comes around"
"So this is the day before the end of the world."
"With the end of the world approaching..."
"I think I will try this for my Halloween costume this year. It's a repost  but still good."
"Smoke Angels"
"&quot;People of Walmart&quot; has reached a new low."
"Angels are assholes"
"After this happens  I get up and get onto his side...but it starts all over again."
"This happened to me when i was little"
"Oh Florida..."
"Not enough Spider-man here"
"The new Canadian Corn Pop comics are pretty great!"
"Australia is not that bad...this slice of heaven belongs there"
"Just a peaceful kayak tour"
"What came to mind immediately"
"Hardcore Cat"
"When I'm fapping and Mom drives up"
"How I feel when trying to lure friends into joining Reddit"
"Go home trampoline... you're drunk."
"iPhone Timeline"
"MFW Someneckbeard says LE"
"Googled &quot;best dog picture on the internet&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"President Obama  Bruce Springsteen  and Jay Z hanging out backstage before a rally in Columbus"
"As we approach tomorrow."
"Norwegian Sunrise reflected in a Bubble!"
"Twerk it"
"MFW I See My Ex Going on About How Great 9Gag is"
"I didn't know Dr. Mundo could drive... (repost from /r/gifs)"
"Just a Pug."
"Cause they're raping everybody!!"
"seriously redtube?"
"DAE ATHEISM GABEN TF2 PC MASTER RACE with their LOGIC?"
"Just because this is my favorite picture of all time."
"Knock Knock ..."
"I finally got the promotion I was after... this is how I felt"
"Nothing at all..."
"Playing draw something.... These are the words I got. Awesome!!!"
"Blaggghghgh I'm still good I'm still good"
"trolling level: infinite"
"Me when my best friend breaks up with his girlfriend while I'm in the same room."
"You can't be serious.."
"NOPE"
"Come at me bro"
"Transformers  midgets in disguise!"
"WHAT!!? . . . Fuck this SHIT!!!"
"Well  this just WTF'd me [crosspost /r/gifs]"
"This doesn't look safe..."
"I see your favorite reversed gif and i raise you mine."
"Goose will attack."
"rare turtle! very cute (xpost from r/pics)"
"Happy Shark Week Everyone!"
"SONOFABITCH  Panda Roll..."
"How it feels to be a short  clumsy girl in heels"
"Messi with a gun in his face"
"What do Disney movies and porn have in common?"
"Charlie's sex life is great"
"Human Flamingo"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"Bubbles. [FIXED]"
"if you have someone you don't mind spending some time with..."
"Old but gold"
"I got 5 on Calvin"
"Mays Money"
"Every day..."
"zebra boogy"
"gif i found doing the imgur roulette"
"This is what I think when I hear about Hurricane Sandy..."
"Sandy Cheeks on Hurricane Sandy"
"Silo collapses"
"How it feels to be out of pages to Reddit"
"How I feel now that my first successful post has gotten more than two up votes."
"How I felt when I found out Reddit isn't blocked at my school"
"Chimps Against Racism!"
"I'll help you out brother (/r/pics)"
"When you get so angry that..."
"oh morgan freeman...."
"Heyyy Sexy Latte!"
"Just need to get the shot...."
"Nope."
"Server friend had a big spender stiff him a tip because she said she was a single mom. Order pizza next time then..."
"Not trying to create another argument over tips  but if you do this  FUCK YOU! I'm sure $140 could have gotten you and your kids a week worth of groceries  but instead you spend it one one meal?! For shame!"
"in honor of hanskywalker"
"Why God never received a PHD"
"Back when Activision was actually good [FIXED]"
"Circle of Life"
"Spider-woman?"
"A patch of four leaf clovers"
"Seeing everyone reposting all these gifs from 'HOARD ALL THE GIFS' this morning"
"pon de cold"
"Protesting done right."
"Book i was given when i was a child"
"pokemon...FUCK YOU  NOBODY CARES!"
"Every time my post doesn't make it..."
"Convenient Weather Chart for Canadians."
"This pretty much sums up an Arizona year."
"How I seduce women"
"Childhood officially ruined"
"Russians doing their thing(x-post from gifsound)"
"Russian dancing man"
"Chuck norris in Mario land"
"&quot;Skeleton Jelly:&quot; This comic fills me with trippy  terrified joy."
"Oh no...the bible thumpers have irrefutable evidence about the existence of God...oh whatever will we do?!"
"On my way to work I see this ..."
"Skull of a child developing adult teeth."
"John Reilly... is a SLENDERMAN? (look at his legs)"
"Need A New Nail Polish? Why Not Zoidberg"
"Like that'll ever happen."
"He's Got the Whole Star in His Hands"
"We hammock daily as well!"
"Shit."
"This fits a little too well. [5:01]"
"Mother of God"
"Felt it went"
"Seen any Ice Giants Lately?"
"Curiosity photographs Mars's tiny moon Phobos transiting the Sun and partially eclipsing it on Sept 13"
"Just nope"
"How I feel at work. Everyday."
"Whenever I see how my cat looks at me  I can't help but think she'd take advantage of this sort of situation..."
"Just gave in my 2 week notice.."
"JUST CLEANIN' THE DESK! [4:15]"
"I am so tired of seeing reposts all day long!"
"MISSING TORTOISE!"
"How vegans see eggs"
"It's still your move England..."
"God of Reddit"
"i think reddit can agree on this religion  this is catgod"
"Googled &quot;king of reddit&quot;... Wasn't dissapointed"
"Googled &quot;how to make reddit front page&quot; was not disappointed"
"Principles."
"principles -"
"Google Kills Bambi"
"These Google Maps drivers should really have their accident history looked into."
"So good bro!"
"dude this water"
"Gloating"
"Pure Happiness"
"When I found out that Reddit had been blocked at work"
"When I see pictures of the girl I lost with her new boyfriend"
"Whenever i forget something i was going to post"
"Abandon Ship"
"Islamic &lt; Jewish"
"When my Girlfriend uses a meme correctly"
"He even had the balls to sit in the front"
"learning to swim! (Fixed)"
"Girls In Pokemon"
"The best  the best  the best comic book"
"HUMAN!"
"Poor cat  Chester the molester started early"
"The Hubble Space Telescope has captured the farthest-ever view into the universe  a photo that reveals thousands of galaxies billions of light-years away."
"MFW my GF randomly offers me sex."
"Weeeeeeeee!"
"A man called gravity"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"Norse crisis flow chart"
"This cat has some insane hops [Fixed]."
"Welcome to the JAM"
"Not one fuck was given [NSFW]"
"My friend: &quot;Apparently  this was the scene in Centerville TN  earlier today. This is the place I grew up. This is why I hate it here.&quot;"
"**Urban** Redneck Trailer Park"
"This reminded me of Fallout when it was shiny and new [Redneck Mansion] (sorry if repost)."
"So damn true."
"WOW! FRONT PAGE! THANKS GUYS!"
"when I realize I'm on the last bite of my food"
"When my internet goes out"
"While Reddit was down..."
"A copy of Obama's long-form birth certificate."
"A copy of Obama's long-form birth certificate."
"&quot;Meep Meep Meep Meep Meep&quot;"
"Yolk to Joy"
"Sleep with the fishes"
"I've been expecting you"
"I know it's a repost  but for my cake day  here's my favorite gif over the last year on reddit"
"Borderlands 2 Co-Op"
"Building at 8TH &amp; 14th Street"
"My 8 year-old  autistic sister just finished her first painting. How'd she do?"
"She's Mine!"
"Everybody's got that special someone"
"Obama Attacks the Internet"
"He trusted you  Mario  why!?"
"I'm not crying... It's just been raining on my face"
"BILL! BILL! SCIENCE RULES!!"
"My new WiFI name"
"was browsing imgur random when this."
"Picture Of First Camera Rage"
"They see me rollin'..."
"I found this on my Facebook. Boy am I Stumped."
"Saw this floating around facebook."
"Burn the house down... NOW!"
"Breaking so bad!"
"Bitter New Yorkers"
"Thanks for the reminder..."
"Can't be coincidence..."
"Pure Laziness."
"Pure Laziness"
"Slendermen...Its so similar its stunning..."
"great way to carry a kid  or greatest way to carry a kid?"
"tough life"
"Of all the times"
"Arrested during haircut."
"Wonder if he had to pay for the haircut"
"Who ever that is he shouldn't be in the picture"
"First time a new Yorker comic made me laugh"
"Come at me  bro!"
"People of r/aww! HEAR MY BATTLE-TWEET!"
"[8] at the pool"
"How I feel when my friend hits the frontpage his second day of using Reddit."
"Not my cat  not my cake day  but still full of adorableness."
"Say Hello to my Little Friend!"
"Satan Is Coming."
"Library Parking Garage [PIC]"
"How much?"
"and not a single fuck was given on that glorious day"
"Splash of Color!"
"I  for one  welcome our new transforming robot overlords."
"When I pour cereal  then find out there is no milk left."
"Your mother is so fat..."
"I see your face of an ant and raise you a face of a maggot"
"When someone requests me to draw something on their pizza box in the middle of a rush."
"When you don't ship to Australia"
"You can only push a girl so far.. (xpost from silly)"
"[FTFY] dizzyike89 googled &quot;explain the internet&quot;"
"Target acquired!"
"I thought &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; was just a movie."
"possibly the best Disney face swap ever."
"Canada isn't taking America's shit anymore."
"The Brain."
"Any time i try to give a girl a massage."
"Which one is it?"
"How I feel when I'm told I need to get out of the house more"
"Oh  just war stuff"
"Boop!"
"Boop!"
"Not sure if Internet is bleeding  or agent dash just got that much better..."
"Agent Dash was made for Redditors!"
"Even Agent Dash reddits while waiting for something to load!"
"my face while watching Jesus Camp"
"1 Hit K.O."
"The scale of Curiosity compared to the other rovers"
"Amazing!Three generations of mars rover for comparison  and a few people for reference."
"Go home building  you're drunk...."
"The Non-Fiction Bible"
"The Bible -"
"When 9Gag Tries To Attack Reddit..."
"He knew what he was doing..."
"My favorite unit of measurement..."
"The King showing some love"
"The Space Shuttle Columbia flew over my house this morning!"
"Meteor spotted tonight over UK"
"There there."
"Spongebob Demonspawn (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"Your cat is dead"
"I'm a pretty girl"
"One man's trash..."
"This is awesome."
"Saw this on my news feed  any love for Santans?"
"I finally found him. . ."
"It never gets old"
"Hey Carl."
"The ultimate betrayal."
"Hey Carl!"
"Dammit Carl!"
"Hey Carl..."
"I don't give a fuck about the rules."
"the act of a monster"
"Samsung's Mobile Division"
"If Apple  Nokia And Samsung Were High School Students  They'd Look Like This"
"When my Asian dad sees a B on my report card.."
"Halloween costume idea"
"Feeling down? Here's a picture of a shaved llama."
"Kung Moo"
"Anybody stop Kony?"
"Not again.."
"found a gif that represents reddit perfectly"
"Reddit in a nut shell"
"Hanging out at High Ropes Forest  Germany"
"Perfect paint scheme for a Smart."
"For my Cakeday  I Google'd &quot;Best picture on the Internet&quot;. Hellzyea."
"&quot;She's like one of those fish that climb up your urethra&quot;  my friend in reference to his crazy girlfriend. Thought of her."
"Reddit's worst nightmare"
"I can't."
"Brilliant"
"Level of thrust: insufficient"
"Flawless"
"still the best thing I've ever seen on the internet"
"How I feel when I have a good post with +10 Link Karma  but then it somehow is at -7 Link Karma."
"Sid the Sloth."
"who doesn't love elephants and kittens?!"
"My made it to the front page dance"
"Focus on the cross."
"Stare at the + in the middle. Eventually the pink dots will disappear  and all you will see is a rotating green dot."
"Troll Level Window Washer"
"How I feel going back to comment on my own post [Fixed]"
"I know that feel bro"
"None of your face swaps will be as funny as this one."
"Upvoting a GIF that you've seen  but has a new  witty title"
"Forever Alone"
"What really ruined friendships"
"Frighteningly deep for 4chan post."
"Obligatory cakeday post before I forget."
"Saw this on spacedicks  I seriously wanna know whats going on... X-Post Spacedicks"
"Oh dear God that is not normal..."
"Oh  sure  this is easily and rationally explained. [NSFW]"
"Jehovah's Witnesses  and little kids on Halloween"
"Amalgamation of Hotness. [SFW]"
"To the front page!"
"If you're a kid who grew up in the 90's  this is your childhood."
"Happy Independence Day America  Fuck Yeah"
"NO MORE SLAVES! 'MURICA!"
"Rare picture of Abraham Lincoln"
"This is the answer to America's problems. 'Murcia."
"This is how I feel when I am walking when it's windy."
"This is how to teach your parents computer shortcuts"
"The Rapture. How it shall be. Courtesy of American Dad"
"What happens when I post something that I think will get a lot of upvotes"
"Face Down"
"This is a unique geological phenomenon known as Danxia landform. These phenomena can be observed in several places in China. This example is located in Zhangye  Province of Gansu. The color is the result of an accumulation for millions of years of red sandstone and other rocks."
"Premature ejaculation"
"Just finished a paper for a class in one sitting  then realized I hadn't saved it at all. Save."
"Scientists have successfully created a bear/fruit-roll up hybrid. The drawbacks: full derp."
"the look on my face whenever i see a girl with a hot ass"
"Wait... What?"
"Only one man can paint such a masterpiece."
"Gorilla Warfare [Gif]"
"Doin it Ganon style!"
"I don't know where to begin..."
"Nyan-Cat Eat Your Heart Out..."
"Hitler in pajamas riding a magic carpet on a rainbow"
"Pee"
"Introvert like a boss"
"Whenever I get picked as group leader."
"When I see a friend at the bar finally pick up a girl"
"Kiss Cam  bro. Kiss Cam Bro."
"I'm gone for one fucking day... sigh"
"After not being on reddit all day today"
"Australians will understand."
"COME AT ME BRO!!!"
"Suck the solar system"
"Oh youtube  you never cease to amaze me"
"MFW I saw my link had 1000+ karma"
"I hate this guy."
"No  I do believe this is how it feels to get 1000+ Upvotes!"
"Turning 21 in 45 minutes. This is how I feel."
"3 day weekend coming up  time to..."
"the way that my dad dances...."
"still the funniest picture i've ever seen on here"
"Perfect Porn Music"
"Anderson Cooper: Kidnapper"
"One Of The Greatest Games I've Ever Played  When Will We See A Sequel To This?"
"Not your average finger paintings"
"FoldFive's &quot;feature length&quot; pixelated and amimated gif of Raiders of the Lost Ark."
"When I get caught watching porn"
"What I think when my post fails."
"So damn true....."
"I really really want this as my Christmas tree."
"Christmas done right. [FIXED]"
"Who the hell makes sculptures like this?"
"I'd like to know the story behind THIS one"
"My sister fell asleep while she was reading a magazine..."
"Googled &quot;how to get upvotes&quot;  first result"
"I Googled &quot;how to get karma on Reddit.&quot;"
"...every time I see a baby picture in r/aww..."
"Further investigation required."
"Whenever I get downvoted..."
"Trampolines are awesome."
"Peripheral Vision is Crazy!"
"What's ur sentence comment bellow."
"All dogs go to heaven* *depending on religion of choice"
"When I look back on my elementary school math tests"
"Someone learned his lesson"
"I can also do this..."
"Oh old people  you so funny"
"Oh this is the wrong subreddit for this?"
"Whenever I go back and read all my old comments."
"When you proof read your paper"
"It is midnight of my real life cake day  this is how I feel"
"So i turned 20 today...."
"When I'm in the mood for sex and she's not"
"Sorcery!"
"Polaroid Power!"
"0:00"
"Starry starry night"
"For my cake day  I present to you one of my favorite gifs (yes it involves a cat)"
"Don't eat acid."
"Acid. Not even once."
"I don't even have a witty title for this..."
"Soon..."
"My reaction to hitting 1000 comment Karma (sad I know)"
"Hitting 10 000 karma."
"You know you're winning at Reddit when someone calls you a prepubescent girl for the first time!"
"YOLT"
"Only if it's a girl  right?! Haha! Misogyny!"
"Funny  but true"
"For some reason  I never pictured them like this"
"Wong Fook"
"Ferrofluid"
"I think this belongs here."
"Open the present to see how many f*cks are given..."
"This Can't Be Good."
"Area Codes In Which Ludacris Claims to Have Hoes [1500*962]"
"Is this even possible?"
"This Is Sure To Attract All The Ladies On Campus.."
"Was there an accident in the lab?Cuz i heard someone got burned."
"Just squeeze me already"
"Centipedes?"
"come pet me..NOPE!...seriously this time..NOPE!"
"When I notice someone looking at me out of corner of my eye"
"Hey Reddit! Remember this guy? Well he's starting his own TV show"
"Looking up from this small blue planet."
"I'm sure"
"When I text my girlfriend what her reddit S/N is and takes forever to reply."
"Its gona eat you !!"
"At least they are finally making Barbies that depict the average American Woman."
"Google Maps...."
"I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH"
"You see this coming up your stairs  what would you do?"
"Apply directly to the head."
"needlework to make grandma proud"
"Don't think gas is our real problem..."
"Upvote disco"
"My reaction after I cum but the girl keeps stroking. &quot;AHHH! STOP!&quot;"
"How I reacted when a submission finally got more than 5 upvotes"
"Reddit I just found out I'm going to be an uncle!"
"Before and After the Steam Sale"
"How I feel when a post reaches more than 40+ upvotes."
"How I feel every time I get an upvote"
"How I feel when I see my comment karma has reached 2!"
"I could do some spe-lunching here"
"He's the only one who understands..."
"I think that's enough internet for one day..."
"4chan on making model helicopters"
"Stunning photo of Jupiter"
"YSK The voice overs of all the best cartoon characters"
"Cartoon Character Voices"
"I don't know how i'm going to survive this Tuesday's weather."
"How I feel every time I check my phone and I got a text from the woman I've been seeing"
"Saw this today  couldn't help but laugh."
"Classic mindfick"
"All da milkshakes"
"I see your macGyver stunt and I raise you his tool set."
"The greatest cock"
"Thom Yorke on Piracy [x-post from r/Radiohead]"
"A rare image of a flying peacock"
"Dominoes..."
"How I feel opening up Reddit comments"
"When I look at a new post's comments"
"Me when I first went to r/spacedicks"
"What I do after walking into the bathroom at work to poop and someone is in a stall"
"Arriving to class late and realizing that we have a sub"
"When r/random takes me to r/gore"
"I don't even...[NSFW]"
"Why they warn you not to try this at home"
"How I Feel After 1 Week of Working for UPS"
"Romney... Gangnam Style..."
"Romney now using new means to appeal to younger voters:"
"1954 - Miss Universe Beauty Pageant - Miss New Zealand faints under the hot sun of Long Beach  California."
"Your argument is invalid"
"Umm whatever you say"
"Always gets me"
"Good Wolf"
"Its been a busy day in the mountain  Im gonna just lie here  close my eyes  and see what happens....."
"Honestly what first came to my mind when I saw this."
"He almost got away"
"Got it!"
"Got it!"
"When people ask me why I'm so smart."
"my thoughts exactly..."
"Well statistically speaking..."
"On the Edge of the Earth"
"The original!"
"Every time I'm on Reddit."
"You first."
"I think Lady Gaga has been eating those meat dresses at the end of every show..."
"I think Lady Gaga has been eating those meat dresses at the end of every show..."
"Installing reddit on my new iPhone."
"When you wake up after a party"
"How am I supposed to kill these poor bastards??"
"Greggs way of advertising"
"BatFact #42"
"iPod-You're doing it wrong....."
"He could really use an iPod..."
"Damn! Not again."
"Pokemon..seems legit."
"When my friends force me out on a Friday night but I want to stay at home with my Internet"
"127 000 ft."
"Going where no other racoon has gone before"
"Challenge accepted! ....Shit."
"My reaction after accidently putting Icy Hot on my scrotum"
"Felines Love"
"Baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me  no more. What is Love!"
"Whenever I see one of those stupid &quot;Who else does this?&quot; posts on Facebook."
"The Doctor."
"who indeed."
"My fried is visiting the Middle East. This is what he sent me. WTF"
"This could take a while..."
"Nice chicks"
"The next couple of hours on Reddit..."
"All of Reddit right now."
"US-Mexico San Ysidro Tijuana Border"
"The U.S. - Mexico Border"
"&quot;Hurry up son  or you'll miss your fish to school!&quot;"
"can't break his stride"
"I am not clever enough to think of a title."
"LOL cats are the best"
"I'm fairy certian that YOLO is Carpe Diem for stupid people."
"Family Guy Changes of Character 1999-200"
"Resilient Skink"
"Whenever I see people I know in public"
"A friend of mine is Christian  and knows that I am Atheist. He says this to me every time I sneeze."
"I survived"
"Even though this point has been driven into the ground already"
"Who else is getting flipped off?"
"Bitch  I aint even celebrate this shit"
"so comfy"
"I didn't know they made teddy bears that small"
"Otters got nothin on this"
"Cute cat is cute"
"This elevator is a jerk."
"Well FUCK !!"
"When I Crush My Friend In Beer Pong"
"Vegans vs. Carnivores"
"How I feel about Doombas"
"A message to NFL fans from r/all"
"[NSFW]His chest says it all."
"His tattoo speaks the truth!"
"Still my favorite GIF of all time."
"What a great young man with a huge heart"
"You know  just pre-work streching"
"Bottled Water facts that Science WON'T tell you!"
"Do A Barrel Roll!"
"I'm so sorry..."
"And there we go."
":P"
"Such a heartwarming movie poster"
"Battleshots"
"Bitch I'm a cat."
"had to for a mircosoft friend"
"This might be the greatest picture ever taken inside a bar"
"Thought this might belong in here..."
"Another poncho badass"
"He makes a poncho look badass [FIXED]"
"Reflections"
"sundrop soda girl takes a tumble"
"Warning: Cannot be unseen"
"Tough day on the job..."
"Backdraft Launches Fireman"
"True Heroes."
"Seems about right."
"Fuck that bitch!"
"Tanuki... WOW"
"At KFC Today"
"One of my favorite works of art."
"Best friends for life?"
"Have a good day"
"This only happens to Josh."
"NOPE"
"You thought rats were a problem  I give you the Coconut Crab."
"When my 8 month old daughter sees another baby"
"So you think you know pokemon  pussy?"
"A filament of solar material that had been hovering in the sun's atmosphere  the corona  erupts into space Aug. 31. The coronal mass ejection  or CME  traveled at over 900 miles per second."
"Whatever it takes to win"
"When my first upload gets 0 karma"
"Kittens Stalking"
"Turkish Prime Minister on weekly cartoon magazine."
"The original Red Box!"
"Bunnies snuggling."
"So it's my cake day and I can't find anything to post."
"Never Forget DC. We will rebuild."
"The Great Northeast Earthquake"
"Sandy is really wreaking havoc over here in Indiana!"
"Dog posing for a photo!"
"How I feel when it's Pay Day."
"Personal sized swimming pool!"
"HOT POTATO!"
"How I feel when I get a single upvote on a new post"
"paper ninjas!"
"You will not find a more Canadian photo [fixed][FIXED]"
"Stunning Butterfly"
"Bubble popping in slow motion"
"Bitch  I'm fabulous!"
"It's a dog  I promise!"
"Pussy penis"
"So my manager asked me to whip up something &quot;awesome&quot; for the special board... [x-post from r/pokemon]"
"Move On Up [FIXED]"
"So I searched for Awkward Reddit in google images and this is the first think that came up"
"Albino squirrels are 1:3000. I don't even know the stats for this."
"Here you go!!"
"Meet Bender"
"And stay down! [Fixed]"
"I truly have no words to describe this."
"I don't even know what to title this..."
"How did I miss this?"
"Well that got a reaction!"
"Preview shots of the new Ninja Turtles movie."
"Love this guy  but  Forever Alone King"
"So true."
"The 4am Gaming Feeling."
"That moment when you open the Doritos bag..."
"how i handle prank callers..."
"Playing World at War with my Grandfather"
"'MERICA"
"Magdeburg Water Bridge is pretty mind-blowing."
"MIND = BLOWN (Adobe DeBlur Technology)"
"I don't always eat cookies"
"I didnt choose the thug 2 life  the thug 2 life chose me"
"The sad truth."
"i wish my cat was this cool"
"Going through my high school yearbook..."
"Great grammar."
"What is the source of this?"
"Facebook is full of functionality suprises!"
"Whenever I wake up with more Karma then I fell asleep with"
"Oh soccer WTF"
"The most graceful horse on the planet."
"Poor Spidey..."
"Group Therapy...For Violent Criminals"
"Every time i try to kiss my boyfriend when he's playing Xbox/browsing reddit"
"Al Jefferson is 7 feet tall. Look at the size of his $23 000 bed"
"Styles have certainly changed."
"Perfect Timing"
"What is this? I don't even..."
"Oh my Apple Specialist has very ironic name...."
"A pretty desktop wallpaper."
"Whenever I read spoilers for something I wasn't planning on seeing anyway  then really wanting to see it based on those spoilers."
"Can't Describe this."
"This is me right now."
"Anybody afraid of water?"
"hawk drinking some water.."
"Satan enjoys his job"
"I laugh hysterically every time I see this:"
"This shouldn't be so damn funny!"
"Any idea what causes the recurring 'reverse spike' every day in concurrent users?"
"Cast away just put this up on their facebook"
"As a naive white girl  this was my face after learning &quot;bath salt&quot; wasn't actually bath salt."
"Just some more Facebook gold..."
"Concept design for the Nokia 3310."
"Cat as a hat"
"I work for a CNC milling manufacturer. Today I had to test a plasma cutting machine. I made this! (Skyrim in Steel) [fixed]"
"Scientists grow bacon from stem cells"
"Searched &quot;bacon people&quot; - got more than i bargained for."
"Some say I am a madman  due to my fear cordless phones."
"It eats Nokias."
"Note to self  Don't microwave a nokia phone. (x/post for creepy_gif)"
"Yet We Call Them Terrorists..."
"Just Robert Downey Jr. as a cat."
"One of the best things the internet has given us"
"Robert Downy Jr Cat - so happy"
"What I'm Like After Posting a Link on Reddit..."
"The amazing things in the world"
"What a beautiful world we live in."
"Upon finding out my new boyfriend doesn't know what Reddit is  doesn't like cats  and is clueless about memes:"
"What's on Mars..."
"Monsters by John Kenn - edited by /co/"
"Monsters by John Kenn - edited by 4chan"
"Group Projects"
"Whenever I see something funny"
"How i feel when upvoting a new post"
"This is my favorite GIF on the internet."
"&quot;I eat pussy like it's the last supper&quot;"
"When I suddenly get involved in a scientific debate on Facebook."
"So I was googling Halloween costume ideas..."
"Not even once..."
"When I post OC to reddit and it flops"
"Apparently I've been here a year. So to celebrate  here's my favourite photo from the past 12 months."
"Oompa Loompa Doopity Doo!"
"I'm not sure  but I think this guy planted a lot of doubt seeds in youngsters."
"Me whenever I fix my friend's computer and he asks what's wrong"
"How a Cake Day on reddit really feels."
"Spider dougie"
"How i feel every time I post something on Reddit and being non-U.S.A."
"Found this at my work"
"Whoa  dude."
"Huh?"
"Nice to see Doctors getting into the halloween spirit!"
"Happy Halloween!"
"So my dad works at a hospital"
"Calvin and Hobbes change the stars"
"This was published by the Chicago Tribune."
"Girlythings"
"It sure is windy outside"
"I dont even know what to name this (x/post from r/wtf)"
"Searched &quot;Real Life Simba&quot; into Google...not what I expected to find"
"Is this place real?! If it is  can anyone tell me where this place is?"
"Double tooth wtf"
"You bastard!"
"Hunter S. Thompson  John Cusack and Johnny Depp riding around with a blow-up doll. Just because..."
"Don't say I didn't warn you."
"Mitt Romney Took a Very Unfortunate Photo Today"
"I'll never be able to put tooth paste on my toothbrush again without thinking of this."
"Bob Marley CD Collection"
"Aww shit!"
"albino baby sea turtle"
"How I feel when my ex-girlfriend who broke my heart tells me she's changed."
"When a customer begs for my help after yelling at me for someone else's mistake."
"In a hole in the ground there lived a... man?"
"Wtf is this shit?"
"Trying to Downvote Cats?!"
"The dog is not the only one to watch out for"
"finding out that reddit isnt blocked at school"
"im bored of these &quot;i forgot my cake day stuff so here is someone that remembers and how i feel"
"Just a picture of the human iris."
"actual WTF"
"How I feel on Reddit today"
"Pure Fear."
"How does this happen?!"
"Tongue  are you ok?"
"My friend left his Reddit open. He's are gross ass tongue."
"Tongue crevasses"
"House Stark."
"Notice anything wrong?"
"Awww"
"Happens at least twice a day"
"Gangsta nap"
"Springtime is Here!!! [Fixed]"
"not it! not it! not it!"
"Goal!!!"
"When someone tells me to eat like a lady"
"Realizing I have no milk for my cereal."
"Two people  one pair of nipples."
"Hello there."
"I've never been more confused about my sexuality"
"The Meep"
"Haha Damn Teddy"
"I miss when the final boss in video games looked like this."
"Going to bed like a boss"
"Funny Sign"
"All righty then."
"How I feel after upgrading to IOS 6"
"The day after"
"The land of the free"
"How I feel when the UPS/FedEx delivery man arrives."
"Statistics with Rosie Jones"
"Statistically correct"
"Winter kayaking"
"Light My Fire"
":P"
"Building the Statue of Liberty  1884 [900x628]"
"The scariest picture from my childhood got scarier..."
"My favorite."
"Girl loses 120lbs and turns into Lara Croft"
"iI heard tapping at the window..."
"Protest meme?"
"Drawing a star"
"Quite."
"Jake guards the wall"
"Me every time I click on something from /r/starcraft while browsing all"
"&quot;I see no God up here...&quot; Yuri Gagarin - 1961"
"My favorite picture"
"This is the answer...."
"Gets me every time"
"Not enough turtle in r/aww"
"hillbilly house"
"In nomine Patris  et Filii  et Spiritus Sancti."
"It Is Your Corrupt We Claim. It Is Your Evil That Will Be Sought By Us."
"Probably the most win I have seen in a while"
"Holy shit.. Mind = Blown."
"When dumb things get to the front page"
"My reaction seeing /r/spacedicks"
"Saw this in my facebook news feed.."
"Fills me with happy"
"Coolest dog ever"
"Such is the extent of my music notes. Found whilst doing last minute studying for a mid term."
"Wesker loving Mr. Whiskers"
"does not fit"
"autobots rollout"
"Don't let them win."
"Skywat"
"Trolling Jack Nicholson..."
"&quot;Fuck you.&quot;"
"So I just googled &quot;How to reddit&quot;  this was the second image. I'm satisfied."
"This is how I feel after a &quot;quick&quot; browse through reddit (hours have passed)"
"Who says you can't be sexy and smart?"
"This guy."
"How I feel with the iPhone 5 not being much different than my 4S"
"I knew I'd seen Paul Ryan before"
"Clicking on a r/WTF &quot;back to its roots&quot; link."
"It's been like that for 5 days  laziness level: College Student"
"Popped up on my facebook  I think it deserves better."
"This is why we can't have nice things!"
"One of the best satirical images I've ever seen. (Credit to Paul Kuczynsk)"
"ERMAHGERD CHERCERERN"
"My friend just got a new weiner dog."
"Saw this near the front page  it's like a plains card  but real life..."
"An argument that never made sense to me"
"nom nom"
"Are owls the new thing on r/aww? I hope so!"
"I am not an angry bird  I am a sad bird..."
"Being a Hipster Before it was Cool"
"random imgur CAME upon this"
"I want one!"
"Hello Kitty exhaust tip"
"Whenever I BBQ."
"Breaking Bad - Ginza Samba"
"after years of searching  the prefect plan. I think I could rule the world if I followed this step by step guide"
"Predator dog engage!!!"
"Going through the .gif hoard  this one was extremely satisfying."
"How I feel every time I check on my Google+"
"Still the best skiing game ever"
"0 fucks given"
"I didn't know Peter Pan was so tall."
"Velociraptor vs hairdresser?"
"How it feels browsing the new queue around here."
"How it feels browsing the new queue around here."
"Gets me every time..."
"A good example of being in the wrong place  at the wrong time."
"My reaction to veggie bacon."
"What?"
"That must have really hurt!!"
"Well  are ya?"
"Note to self: Watch the news more often"
"Whenever an attractive girl flirts with me"
"first pc game i ever played - hugo's house of horrors"
"Meanwhile  in Russia..."
"Don't worry  Africa!"
"What all Google Image searches look like after the 10th page!"
"This is not the greatest post in the world..."
"How to get hit by a car like a boss!"
"Cocaine is a hell of a drug"
"Wow  puts the internet into perspective..."
"2012 Presidential debate drinking game"
"Cheers."
"Had to be done"
"Had to be done {FIXED}"
"How I feel in regards to all the &quot;Tall People&quot; posts"
"If you see a man juggling bowling balls. Keep the fuck away!"
"TIL the Easter Island statues are actually complete torsos."
"Much more than just heads."
"Gangster"
"TIL race is based on height"
"My local theme-park is racist."
"stop judas das gay"
"Look who I found in Ron Swanson's office"
"A Giraffe And Tiger."
"Have you heard about a certain word?"
"How I felt when my crush replied."
"Australia Day"
"Someone drew a really shitty T1000"
"Are You John Connor?"
"Lucky she's alive!!!!!!!"
"Wonder what this little guy will evolve into.."
"Russia  you mad?"
"I love the way Indians exaggerate in their movies..."
"Now you're a badass"
"My first attempt at this. How did I do?"
"The true definition of a badass."
"I laughed for to long at this."
"Shadows. First try."
"Grumpy Cat is definitely Addams!"
"Workin It"
"Workin It"
"Step ladders.."
"Still my favorite."
"douchebag dad?"
"Every time I return from the supermarket..."
"Trying to get your groceries out of the car."
"&quot;Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world  are the ones who do.&quot;"
"Hawaiian happy-face spider. The species can produce a whole range of patterns on their abdomen. [xpost r/spiders]"
"How I imagine most Redditors would greet new posters..."
"when introducing a friend to reddit"
"Ruff Ryder Walrus."
"When the fire alarm went off right before a gigantic test"
"Modern technology is a wonderful thing."
"I had my headphones in and my brother came up behind me  bricks were shat."
"))&lt;&gt;(( (NSFW)"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Wait for it...wait for it....okay BRING IT ON"
"Jack and Jill"
"Facts about water"
"Proud Peter"
"When I try to get my best friend's attention."
"Faster I tell you  faster!"
"So my school is going nuts  because this guy went there ..."
"Gangnam Style  15 years ago"
"This black bear was spotted at a dump nearby  lounging on a leather couch with a bag of snacks."
"After page 3 of /r/gonewild (FIXED)"
"What I imagine everyone in r/science is like lately [FIXED]"
"So my college's firewall is down..."
"Ah  good sir"
"Abandon thread"
"Tree of ages."
"This dog loves to go on car rides!"
"Godmode"
"DGAF lvl: Cat"
"Winston Churchill sits on a chair from Hitler's bunker"
"I choose you!"
"Um..."
"so this is a thing. has anyone come across them?"
"How to keep an idiot busy"
"The Obama campaign sent me this today...They know their audience. (xpost from pics)"
"Well I guess I cold go outside."
"To test new friends  I bust this move and his/her reaction determines the relationship forever"
"Gangnam Prince"
"No more Mr Nice Guy"
"Hipster Abe"
"Dat blob"
"that's so reagan"
"its the future i can see"
"A classic &quot;Hey Arnold&quot; dilemma if I've ever seen one..."
"When my ex tries to talk to me."
"The problem with using Siri when you have a New Zealand accent..."
"Screw you Siri"
"I remember."
"It's dinner time"
"Dinner at my uncles"
"By far my favorite GIF ever"
"It's Dinnertime."
"It's Dinnertime!! [Slightly NSFW]"
"Was trying to decide on a font for my paper when I came across this..."
"Here's some historical restoration work I did a couple of weeks ago"
"This is why I love Psych"
"Whenever I'm feeling a little to big for my boots this gif never fails at bringing me down a peg or two."
"How I feel after getting 50 karma on a post"
"Can't think of anything funny. Here you go."
"How I feel when people complain about how bad the NFL replacement referees are..."
"Everytime something from Apple come out..."
"Best Picture of Beckenbauer 2.0 aka Hummels from the Holland game"
"You thought you were so sneaky."
"When I accidentally click on an obvious virus"
"What I do to my gameboy when I throw the pokeball"
"Attempting to get my girlfriend to orgasm"
"When I think I submitted good content  but the first reply is &quot;rape isn't funny.&quot;"
"Googled &quot;yes&quot;  I'm a little bothered..."
"Biggest slides in the world ?"
"The Terminator trying to save us all headache"
"."
"/r/politics [spam filtered] Mitt Romney's Theme Song"
"simply awesome"
"I can't read this and not hear Ed Wynn's voice."
"Plague Inc on religion"
"The real Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg"
"Umm  so yeah  this exists"
"This gif says it all"
"The moment when my friend and I decided on the name of our reddit account"
"When I return from a holiday and see my pet again"
"just a normal reindeer"
"when i learned something other than the olympics would be on tv..."
"When the bass drops"
"How I feel watching my karma count go up by a point"
"(reindeer) MY ALL-TIME FAVORITE GIF!!!"
"WANTED: Dead &amp; Alive"
"I must save him!"
"When I realize I am wrong in the middle of an argument"
"&quot;Hey Joe  check this out. I'm about to make Sarg shit his pants.&quot;"
"Product Placement FTW"
"Odd placement!"
"someone uploaded this on FB"
"I'm drinking Capri  son"
"My Favorite GIF for my Cakeday"
"Predictions for star wars episode VII"
"New Star Wars ep. VII poster"
"My Body's Natural Position"
"I never thought that anyone would teach me."
"When I'm in a no fap month and I get a naughty text pic!!!"
"yes  yes she is"
"well this is terrifying"
"The goats had no idea that their days were numbered"
"When idiots start talking"
"your move atheists"
"Whenever I try to be funny on Reddit"
"Hipsters..."
"Will I ever click on the links to youtube in the comments?"
"When my ex tries to add me on facebook"
"My reaction when I found out the Spice Girls were going to preform at the Olympic closing ceremonies."
"How I feel"
"Here's a funny picture."
"Just the queen firing a LMG."
"When someone says &quot;hey you wanna smoke?.. oh wait your on probation&quot;"
"This is me when President Obama says he understands the struggles of the 99%."
"My reaction when I see someone make the front page with something I submitted a month ago."
"Found out everyone in my high school graduating class is graduating college... except me..."
"When people make shitty jokes about my name. My name is Chase."
"Mein Kitty"
"Magnum P.I."
"How to get free games from Gamestop"
"Praise him!"
"Ta Dah!!! [FIXED]"
"Every girl needs one of these"
"Pure Genius"
"This guy is earning the shit out of minimum wage."
"[NSFW] Species Change WTF?"
"Why not take a break?"
"At first glance I thought this was a picture of an owl with a mustache. I was wrong."
"Walk it out"
"How I felt informing my roommate I now have more karma than him."
"Its been 11 years. May we never forget the loved ones we lost."
"Inter-species love (fox and dachshund)"
"How we fix problems at work."
"When i look at /r/spacedicks"
"When my roommate makes fun of me for being white..."
"Parenting  You're Doing it Wrong [Cross-post from r/facepalm]"
"Well  its true..."
"My dog ate it"
"Today  I found out why cats purr."
"I can't believe this hasn't been done before."
"Humans aren't the only ones who photo-bomb pictures"
"Jesus was here!!!!!"
"Taxidermy"
"D-D-D-D-D-Drop the bass"
"I wonder how much he played that year."
"Google best image ever  this was number 2... Face swap gold..."
"I found this gem in /r Otters  felt that it needed to be shared."
"Justin Beanber"
"Nothing will ruin this man's day."
"Three words."
"One word..."
"The one thing Sonic Team should consider rehashing to revitalize their flagship enterprise"
"Pillow Fight [Facebook Gold]"
"Am I the only one who sees Jesus? - Imgur"
"hey this is cool. I want!"
"Just a parrot drinking tea"
"You! Oh yeah!"
"Your day can always get worse!"
"Fan art. My brother posted this on fb. Thought Reddit would like it."
"Smashing (xpost from r/gifs)"
"POWERRRRRRRRRRR!"
"GO GO GO GO GO"
"Simply  amazing."
"Creepy Cat"
"That is some potassium enriched irony..."
"Fuck the system!"
"Happens every weekend 10 minutes before the bar closes."
"Vader in an Atom? I give you a Stormtrooper in a Lotus."
"Darth Vader in an Atom? I re-raise you a storm trooper in a Lotus."
"Poor Mario"
"Batman has become a little too helpful"
"Rapeman"
"Do it yourself"
"Consequences"
"Just a Picture Of Barack Obama During his AMA.."
"How someone else feels about me reposting their link."
"Every relationship status"
"When i see my ex is now super hot"
"I see all of your sting ray posts and I'm All-In"
"Sudden realization many years later that this wasn't your average bath toy."
"This is just... amazing."
"Word"
"Michael Phelps is not human"
"That's just good life advice."
"HIFW My grandmother makes a dirty joke"
"I'm looking for the original video of this. Can anyone help? I can't stop laughing!"
"Because the bible says so."
"Oh Frank  you jokester!"
"Deshi! Basara!"
"Terrorists"
"This is way too soon..."
"WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS?"
"oxymoron"
"religion and social programs in the US. what if..."
"A stellar comment overheard from a drunk fellow at a club."
"Living on the edge"
"So this is how teenagers beg for likes now?"
"Mother's Love Shows How Precious Life Is"
"Camouflage Practice"
"Oh My God Peter!"
"this is still one of the greatest return letters ever"
"Like. A. Boss."
"In Honor of No Shave November Being Half Over"
"I wish my little brother was this photogenic."
"Looks Pretty Damn Comfortable."
"Badonkadonk"
"The Minivan"
"I never understood math"
"Daily dose of math"
"Taylor Lautner"
"True Story"
"Teletubbies"
"Don't worry  I read it that way too"
"After hitting refresh for 30 minutes...somebody upvotes my post"
"What happens when I realize my cake day ends in five minutes"
"POTUS at [7]"
"From Staten Islanders: Good job Brownie!"
"hustle hustle .... hard"
"The biggest Dick to come out of Canada"
"Third Time's a Charm [gif]"
"Leviticus 19:28"
"Tired of Obama?"
"When a spider on the wall suddenly starts to move..."
"Clicking an imgur link on reddit  then being lead to www.gophoto.it"
"Lost my dawg."
"I suppose I am."
"IDK JEREMY (xpost from /Gifs)"
"Bunny falling asleep"
"Don't Worry About Twinkies  The Free Market's Got Your Back"
"&quot;You can't choose to like dick but you can choose to be one...&quot;"
"Frostbitten Sky"
"The surface of a strawberry"
"Hillary Gets Low"
"Tennis Down-Under"
"When I type reddit.com in the address bar when I'm already on Reddit"
"Reddit's funny page lately."
"Pokemon  drawn as Japanese Yokai spirits."
"Frank looked over the majestic rocky coast..."
"Italians Communicating in World Cup"
"You lose nothing."
"You know the new Apple iOS 6 Maps are a failure when..."
"You know it!"
"When I'm doing well on a test and then I realize there's a back."
"my roommate the scavenger"
"i laugh myself to tears every time i see this"
"This is so true."
"When you look into infinity...."
"This seems to be how people get karma around here. So  here's what I think when a new iphone comes out."
"my closet is full of these. . ."
"I'm Sure This Happens To Other People"
"I don't deserve any more internets today."
"How The Religious Right Views Abortion [x-post from r/funny]"
"Earception."
"Superstar!"
"Facebook friends  you disgust me."
"Lightning in Ash"
"I'm  uh  not sure what this cake is celebrating"
"It was for graduation."
"It's a Baby"
"I felt sorry for the hypnotist..."
"Harsh  but fair"
"I'm a waiter  and this is what a customer left me for a tip."
"A pastor teaching about relationships..."
"How I feel when someone I met only once tries to add me on facebook"
"Fuck yeah childhood."
"Oppa Gotham Style"
"Driver turns up to police station to pay traffic ticket with 137 origami dollar bill PIGS...cops make him unfold every one"
"I hate when this happens..."
"This was my backyard this morning..."
"The most British picture ever. [Fixed]"
"Goddamit  I'm tired."
"Wh..Why..?"
"I love you this much"
"Badass..."
"How I feel trying to stay awake for MOP"
"Psychic medium  healer"
"Whenever I'm the first to upvote something that eventually makes the front page..."
"You're the boss  sign"
"Looks like i had to so things didnt get real"
"Probably a repost  but this game was awesome nonetheless"
"Great graffiti"
"Easily the creepiest thing I've ever seen. Introducing: The Abyssal Sea Cucumber."
"iPhone 4S vs iPhone 5"
"Great Organ Donor Ad."
"The retard conversation"
"Family Guy classic"
"I think we now know who is the more intelligent sex is"
"Pleased to meet you"
"How I feel when someone tells me to exersize."
"Bane's Tan"
"Check out Bane's sweat tan lines from the mask he wore in TDKR."
"Bane's Tan"
"Recently cracked 2000 comment karma. Contain your excitement."
"I shouldn't be alive"
"Hungry  Hungry  Hippo!"
"So  today is my brothers birthday. This is what I said when he asked what I got him."
"Closed my tabs of shame to see this"
"Heaven..."
"Heaven is..."
"Kept misreading it."
"Come little children"
"Suck on my big fat"
"mother and kitten (x-post from /r/CatWallpapers)"
"I Am Leg"
"Meanwhile  in Australia...always make sure you look up."
"D-FENCE"
"Wtf eyes"
"The first show that became serious as a child."
"What a bond (Blind man that bluffed strikes again?)"
"Forever"
"How I feel saying hi to acquaintances at parties"
"I just inherited a bunch of my recently deceased grandfathers tools when I moved away from home last month. After seeing reactswithwater's post"
"Reading the headlines of Reddit lately."
"My reaction when browsing /r/gonewild and think I know the OP"
"Future Pocket Whales and Lap Giraffes sound awesome  but you should know Canadians have had House Hippos for over a decade."
"Screw your pocket whales and lap giraffes. I still want a house hippo."
"When it's your cakeday and you have no idea what to post."
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"
"NSFL - You mess with the bull......"
"The Moustache that Gotham deserves"
"The Moustache that Gotham Deserves (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Skrillex Hates Bees (OP raymonddull)"
"Skrillex really hates bees (X-post from WTF)"
"I've never wanted pizza more in my life than right now after seeing this"
"Christopher Walken Halloween cut out mask"
"Apple is relentless"
"Smart kid. Answered the question completely."
"Made in Germany... Any Questions?"
"Hey  I Just Met You..."
"Optical Illusion - Helps me with the adolescents I work with"
"Fancy Cat"
"Batman... Apparently..."
"Reaction when i upvote something in &quot;new&quot; that makes it to the front page"
"Of all the times"
"Wonder if he had to pay for the haircut"
"It Is time"
"A serious issue."
"Child cats"
"A serious issue..."
"How to Argue with a Woman"
"Why I want to go to Australia  California has beaches. But this? This is the real reason."
"Bullhorse"
"Saw this on Facebook.."
"gosh i just..the cuteness..."
"Help...me."
"Seemed fine at first  then I read it. Google can be a bastard..."
"just started working in construction this is how I feel (yes its a repost)"
"Just Chillin"
"GTA  why? Fuck logic  that's why."
"Everyday is upperbody day"
"Awesome stuff like this just doesn't get made anymore."
"Sorry if this is a repost"
"A girl sent this to me...she knows her place"
"Dedicated clothing store employee"
"My History teacher showed us this today"
"A cat in a fishbowl"
"Fuck You  Flowers"
"Seasonal allergies GTFO!!"
"Why I now want to work at a grocery store."
"Snooki how could you"
"Renewable Energy"
"Squirrel in my yard got his head stuck in our Halloween decoration. Made the paper and put a big ol' smile on my face."
"Where's my upvotes?"
"Steam Summer Sale"
"how to fix just about anything"
"cool way to chill on the water"
"The biggest bitch in the entire world."
"This woman is a bad example  to say the least."
"Tisdale sounds like a nice place..."
"Saw this on Facebook today  my 12yr old cousin had just liked it. That escalated quickly!"
"Would you look at the time?"
"Oh  look at the time!!!"
"How Reddit Works"
"sarah jessica parker photobomb"
"Great shot of a Mushroom Cloud"
"A Nuclear Explosion"
"Boom."
"Whoa"
"For Oprah"
"All of your Favorite childhood characters (pokemon...ect..) in one animated gif. AWESOME"
"I found this delightful .gif  figured you might like it too."
"I could watch this go on and on forever."
"Oh  hello there"
"This is something I plan to never attempt..."
"This is what my aunt does with her kitten."
"Nope."
"how i feel being single for 7 months [fixed]"
"Girls spend hours getting ready. Guys are just like..."
"Not to forget  fucking a unicorn."
"Wide angle lens"
"Well  that's one way to advertise wide angle lenses."
"Royalty."
"Dear 99%"
"Well isn't that just such a beautiful mead- oh..."
"Trivia Pursuit is... hard"
"My first love of techno"
"The Hypnotic Evolution of Michael Jackson"
"I'm doin it"
"What I say to every redditor I have found."
"The best from /r/skyporn."
"Skydiving over England. Beautiful"
"Got a text from a random number wishing me a happy new years. Pretended to be whoever they trying to text and told them about how I got a new cat. Sent them this. HAPPY NEW YEARS  GUYS."
"Blizzard is clearly paying Valve for false advertising..."
"I love basic cable."
"Oh shit....I'm out."
"The most beautiful downvote"
"Sorry"
"Remember Team Rocket? This Is Team Rachet."
"A Muslim Man Asks His Local Ice Cream Store A Question. This Is The Outrageous Answer He Got."
"Old  but so gold."
"Does this make me look fat?"
"Nice try USA  you almost pulled it off"
"Peyton manning in 1997"
"Guangxi  China."
"I'm not saying it was aliens..."
"How I feel arguing with close-minded theists on the internet."
"Life without Copy-Paste"
"/r/buddhism  /r/cats  or /r/funny. You decide!"
"Stranger Danger"
"[SPOILERS] All I could think about at the end of The Dark Knight Rises"
"The famous Maltese underwater statue of Jesus Christ"
"Passed 1000 upvotes today only to be reminded by my 12 year old cousin  he has over 4000. Yeah the feeling was short lived"
"You wanna here my new pick up line?"
"You wanna hear my new pick up line?"
"A picture of Stan Lee I found on wikipedia. Just thought I would share it."
"Just WOW"
"One reason I don't like getting in the ocean."
"Crazy Rare Goblin Shark"
"The cutest little thing I've ever seen."
"Bill O'Reilly has zero fucks to give."
"she's been workin' out"
"Don't forget babes"
"Fire &amp; Ice"
"&quot;When a man loves cats  I am his friend and comrade without further introduction&quot; - Mark Twain"
"Insert Clever Title Here"
"How I feel getting upvotes in r/science"
"still my favorite gif"
"Motives of Batman villians"
"When someone is about to talk of a movie I haven't seen yet"
"How I feel at job interviews"
"this is thumper (&gt;^_^)&gt;"
"The Gym"
"How to Draw an Owl"
"Some people do change!"
"What a lovely reminder..."
"As a child  I would have screamed bloody murder if my parents had put me in this..."
"Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Men"
"I hate Reddit. And this will tell you why."
"Meanwhile in Japan"
"Steep downhill will he make it? (mebbe nsfl if he doesnt)"
"Someone left this on my friend's truck"
"I always wondered how that attack would do anything"
"He has the swag."
"This isn't right."
"Poor kid"
"More amazing than WTF. The ulnar artery  and tendons of the hand."
"First rule of deer fight club  don't talk about deer fight club."
"Dr"
"What do smart girls get?"
"What? Wasn't me."
"Believe it when I see it  Nintendo."
"Jewbacca"
"Seems legit..."
"If you're blue  and you don't know where to go to  why don't you go where fashion sits..."
"No  THIS is seriously out of fucking control"
"This is seriously out of control [FIXED]"
"Gina Rinehart meets Islam"
"He sold the boat and bought a plane (seems legit)"
"Just chillin"
"Out my car window. He's just chillin'."
"Looked Out The Car Window To See This..."
"4chan"
"What kind of sick person does this..."
"You had one job"
"Hey  fuck you"
"Just a turtle that I found on 4chan"
"Lycan Homophones"
"Where wolf? there wolf!"
"Fact is  you can't trust a woman with figurines of cats."
"I don't understand some people."
"Marty McFly's fighting technic"
"I was out of town for a few days  my boyfriend sent me this. I wish he'd really do it."
"Admin response to &quot;When are all the problems going to be fixed?&quot;"
"Soon...Ish"
"I'm bringing the party to you."
"I'm bringing the party to you."
"For my cake day  I give you my favorite GIF"
"My reaction to the Taken 2 trailer..."
"He's back...and this time he means business"
"Not Photoshopped."
"The eye of the storm reaches New York (fb)"
"Dear bearded sky daddy  please bless these squad automatic weapons. kthxbai"
"Octopus Cake"
"Brilliant runway design"
"When my one year old daughter crawls into my bed on my day off to wake me up..."
"Mommy hold me on"
"Amazing Underwater Cave"
"RIP Mitch Lucker"
"The Relationship Graph"
"Human  help me."
"Human  help me."
"The story behind Life Alert"
"Sting Ray Photobomb"
"Pretty Creative Haircut"
"Kneading massage"
"Cat massage"
"Maybe another Racist joke..........but oh well!"
"Never look back..."
"Oh you!"
"For people who don't make the front page by posting a static image for people who make the front page by posting an animated gif for people who make the front page by posting an animated gif for people to make the front page by complaining about people who make the front page."
"When my post makes it over 4 upvotes"
"Some people don't even realize this..."
"bored on reddit. hitting random button found coffee with jesus. WTF does this mean the support rape or just the free market?"
"Last jump!"
"Apocalypse posts."
"Watching my GF read erotic"
"&quot;I'm a Christian and I have some questions&quot; Being the first steps towards Atheism."
"Watching my karma go up every time I refresh the page after making a popular post."
"Oh yeah"
"They start so young"
"Whale Whale Whale [PIC]"
"Check out the size pf his caulk."
"fuck this"
"When there is no food at a seminar."
"The best Galaxy note ad you'll ever see (from craigslist)"
"Ok"
"UPVOTES... I CHOOSE YOU!"
"Magnetic baby (Xpost r/wheredidthesodago)"
"I Googled &quot;worst picture ever&quot; and this came up. Personally I think it's pretty awesome!"
"Yoda they see rolling."
"No Barney  Don't Do It!"
"Breathtaking"
"Since when did Microsoft start doing this... (x-post r/geek  u/Mr_Cj)"
"A real life xenomorph"
"I'll see your lamprey and raise you a Cymothoa exigua (description in the comments)"
"After heavy rains...We have learnt that it is important to park at the right place...what would you say?"
"No one understands me"
"Housekeeping!"
"Getting ready to hit the town"
"I Smell a New Lawsuit"
"Mitt Romney"
"Have you ever had a funny idea only to find that the internet thought of it first?"
"Juan Direction"
"So I receive a text reading &quot;I just wrote a fb post about you&quot;... Fuck."
"Thank God I broke up with her"
"Reverse Sex (SafeFW)"
"This little guy was the best birthday present ever left on my computer."
"Cat Nip-ster."
"4chan's depiction of the internet. Sad but true."
"WTF  if you haven't seen the Spider Porn pictures yet  I apologize in advance. (NSFW  NSFeyes  Jesus just don't look at this.)"
"Reddit police."
"Imgur roulette. I had a hard time reading this  I was laughing too hard."
"This sloth knows what's up (xpost from r/slothporn)"
"This guy knows what's up (xpost from r/slothporn)"
"Fall!"
"Free sex (SFW)"
"Every time after getting back from grocery shopping"
"Fwerp"
"Boy or girl?"
"When MY girlfriend randomly asks if I want to have sex"
"Labception"
"The first thing I imagined when I saw the 'N64 Coffee Table' posts..."
"After I haven't had sex for a while... (repost from r/funny)"
"IN THE FACE!!! (fixed)"
"Only five cents?! I'll have two!"
"You there baby?"
"This happened to me today..."
"Meanwhile in India..."
"What the fuck is going on here"
"Gets Me Every. Damn. Time."
"I have finally found a gif to sum up my entire life in three seconds."
"The only support character ive ever loved"
"S̜̗͉̩̤̭̗̎̎͗̏̕͠H̊̔̿̄͋͛̾ͨ̇҉̺͔͚̝̗̣̦Ẽ̪͓̏ͬ̒ͧ͗ͪ ̹̬̹ͬ̍̔ͬ̉̐͟͠C̟͕̜̥̲̯̩̗ͫ̂ͧ̽̊ͣ̆͡ͅO̡ͬ̒ͬ͏̴̻̣M̦̗̦͇̜͓̙̀̌͐̊͐̑͜Ẹ̱̲̻̱͓̙̤̆ͦͣS̯̼͍̪͖͕̣ͧ̄̑̒͢͝͡ ̘̪̻͙̪̞ͮ̎̂̍̑͐͛̚͝͝"
"Coca-Cola: Open Happiness"
"Happy horse face"
"Good guy Samsung gives one Canadian the only customized Galaxy S III in Canada"
"This picture says a lot about 1930's Germany."
"Young Ian McKellen"
"Lacoste  Made in China"
"Irresponsible Dumbledore (X-post from /r/harrypotter)"
"Contrast"
"I'm sorry lady  I don't want to have sex with you..."
"High Standards."
"The mystical 5th base"
"found this while browsing  gamespot ( if Wis3boi is the creator all the glory to him)"
"I just found this little guy about to get crushed by some tits."
"Don't do it man!"
"30 Minutes after Taco Bell"
"Hearing &quot;YOLO&quot; when I'm tuned out of a conversation"
"Small human. Let me tell you about how your great-grandfather and I became good friends. It was a long time ago when..."
"Father  Son and Elephant."
"How I react to being rejected."
"This must be what happens when you don't put toilet paper on the holder the right way."
"Im an athiest and my good friend is a lead pastor at a local church  glad we can still joke about our beliefs [FB]"
"Not the Eiffel Tower"
"Railroad after earthquake"
"Why?"
"Nailed it."
"Not a hipster"
"B sides....This one would've been a hit."
"Not sure whether to post this in r/gifs or r/funny. but here it is....my favorite GIF ever."
"Extremely Rare Albino Dolphin."
"I'm Still Free"
"Fuck yeah  gotta wash down this cake with something."
"Walked into a local tea shop by my house and found this piece of art hanging on the wall."
"We've got an image to live up to"
"Library announcement"
"Gas Prices in the 90's"
"oh how i wish i was him"
"So that's what they think about us..."
"A theist &quot;friend&quot; posted this on my wall"
"Actions speak louder than words."
"The Dominos Effect"
"what did the five fingers say to the face..."
"No Putin This Away"
"No Putin This Away"
"Going down?"
"Wrong Number"
"Mr. Taco"
"Random texter gets screwed with"
"Lincoln."
"Lincoln in Theaters."
"Second time is a charm"
"Someone make this. Now."
"MADE IN CHINA"
"He cant stop failing."
"Boys first blowjob"
"Right in the childhood. [FIXED]"
"My face whenever I realize my wife is &quot;in the mood&quot;"
"How I feel having a top rated comment on a front page post"
"B!tch I'm fabulous"
"My friend Cameron is the Master of Halloween."
"Can I sits here?"
"My  what pretty teeth you have!"
"So much D'awwww"
"When I browse r/aww....."
"Browsing reddit after having sex for the first time in a long while"
"When I see a clever post"
"My feeling's about reddit's front page."
"Mind=Blown"
"&quot;We have a Hulk.&quot;"
"Carlton Bane"
"Chariots of Fire Bane style."
"Bane's Got the Moves Like Jagger"
"This song goes with anything!"
"I found this on facebook. I thought you guys would enjoy too!"
"Bane Can't Control Himself"
"Wait  who designed this again?"
"Going to parties when you're already in a relationship"
"my hat is bread!!!"
"Doguin?"
"What does your state do best?"
"Is reddit still upvoting rocks?"
"When I overhear people I hardly know talking down on Mitt Romney."
"For Mario fans"
"My interpretation of the presidential debate last night [FIXED]"
"I was looking through Curiosity tweets when suddenly..."
"playing video games with my siblings (/r/reactiongifs x-post)"
"playing video games with my siblings (/r/reactiongifs x-post)"
"In response to Red Bull Stratos  Slim Jim has sponsored the shortest freefall of all time (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Two of the greatest men in Reddit history"
"Neil Degrasse Tyson's bromance with Bill Nye"
"Who you gonna call?"
"I ain't afraid of no ghost"
"Go on without me"
"Santa's nut in a waiting room (NSFW)"
"Saw this on my Facebook feed and thought I'd share. On of his boys wanted fresh air while at the DMV. Ha"
"Moseese to the max."
"David Thorne (27b/6) gets ready for hurricane in VA"
"That Helicopter Sex (NSFW)"
"Pidgey Fainted..."
"Don't Worry. Just Fainted."
"To antichoice folks."
"Oldie  but a goodie!"
"Where can I find those balloons?"
"Laughed a little too hard at this"
"How I imagine Britney Spears is like after she settled a lawsuit for sexually harassing her bodyguard"
"Stealth hump."
"So I went to 4chan for the first time"
"An assassin of the highest caliber."
"Offense prepares aerial attack."
"Just got home from Afghanistan"
"How you know your country is doomed"
"Everytime I see a hot NSFW link on reddit."
"Sadly  it's true"
"90's kids nostalgia."
"Anybody else from the 90s? You know these."
"The currency when I was in elementary school"
"umm Chinese penis fish. nuff said."
"Why Fat People Jog [FIXED]"
"Grandma helps take a profile pic (xpost from WTF)"
"Truths: some larger than others"
"Please  just once more!"
"&quot;A fanatic is one who...&quot; -Winston Churchill (988x1280)"
"Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry play chess in Fry’s rooms at Cambridge  1980."
"My kitten just woke up"
"My face after an &quot;all you can eat&quot; meal"
"Pure Happiness"
"Seems Legit!"
"Truer words have never been spoken (Neil deGrasse Tyson)"
"True That."
"The original trollface."
"iPhone 10"
"What if this... actually existed"
"they'll do anything to sell a Blackberry"
"Self-deprecating sense of humor"
"I think he was on a break..."
"So fucking badass that it hurts."
"Why is this on my newsfeed?"
"After seeing this I went and bought some."
"I spy a CHEATER!"
"Valentines Day is CANCELED!!"
"The Force is Strong with this one."
"I can't believe I ate them all."
"Miley Cyrus Toppless.. Forrealsees."
"It's a dog's life..."
"Every day I'm..."
"My family is on vacation. This pretty much sums up my first breakfast"
"Fear and Loathing Pooh"
"Is it just me or does Pope looks a little too much like the Emperor? Behold Pope Palpatine!"
"IT WAS HIM?!?!"
"Take cover!"
"60 lb Hot Dog"
"Hot Dog"
"How I feel about the Halloween reddit"
"My girlfriend during foreplay. [SFW]"
"The Assassination of JFK. (Alternate View)"
"Cats in zero gravity"
"What?"
"Dolphins"
"perfect combo"
"Venturing outside"
"TIL that when giraffes fight  it's fucking hilarious"
"So cute!"
"Only the funniest comments on reddit get this reaction out of me"
"Caught Red Handed"
"Woah  we gotta badass over here!"
"When someone on Reddit agrees with me."
"How cute is this?"
"His neck  his back  lick his...."
"Remember kids  don't drink and ride"
"Saw this in my school's computer lab"
"Amazing Insults by Great People"
"Excuse me wut ru doin"
"Corgi sleeping on its face!"
"My new hero"
"Everyone that thinks reddit cares about their reaction to /r/Spacedicks"
"Hot? WTF? NSFW?"
"Jimmy and his John (NSFW)"
"Just a slightly creepy oil company ad."
"How you know when you got a fat ass."
"Forever a duck."
"A Letter!"
"When I can't sleep  I try to put this into some sort of context."
"I sincerely hope you/anyone you know doesn't do this. [FB]"
"New born puppys can barely stand to eat!"
"Kitty vs. Pillow"
"Oh shit..."
"Teaching relatives how to play video games"
"Role Reversal"
"I'm not sticking around for the next part"
"Overly Attached Splicer?"
"What is love?"
"Cool Story John Connor!"
"...WHAT WAS THAT?!"
"As a teacher's aid  whenever kids in class look at me when my teacher is talking about something I agree with."
"This never fails to make me laugh xD"
"Business Penguin is gettin' a move on"
"How I felt when I tried dancing after doing my first kegstand (xpost r/aww)"
"How I felt after each book the first time I read them..."
"Happens to me all the time"
"Welcome to the Internet"
"Reddit's wet dream"
"A jig and a jiggle."
"You and me both  my friend."
"Found on Google+ [Fixed]"
"Drop it."
"How Americans see the outside world."
"Australians beware of the dropbear (NSFW)"
"Australia."
"I will not be your father!"
"One of the most powerful writings from the diary of Teddy Roosevelt the day his wife passed. Even though it has been posted before I still get chills every time"
"For my cakeday I present my favourite collection of cat Gifs"
"I CAN'T EVEN DEAL"
"Harley from epic meal time on vegans."
"This always makes me laugh"
"This is so wrong."
"Just taking a nice bath with family and baby"
"At last a cure for plumber's butt"
"Searching new on /r/gonewild."
"Got Milk?"
"how i see this whole catastraphe"
"The President of the United States with his game face on"
"I have now officially seen the guardian to the gates of my personal hell. [NSFW]"
"Important Life Lesson:"
"The Power of Magnets"
"How I feel when i beat a Korean in StarCraft"
"How it feels to have two successful posts in one day."
"I present to you  the zombie fortress mountain  Mt Roraima."
"Who downvotes a cat?!"
"WHAT TIME IS IT?"
"I'm...... not sure how to feel about this."
"Whenever I stumble upon a highly disturbing small subreddit."
"Best Mustache Award Goes To...."
"There's a kid holding the guy's right hand...."
"Bill Nye gets all the love. Where's the love for this guy?"
"MFW it's Sunday night of a 3 day weekend"
"Circular Quay Sydney.Taken from the steps of the Sydney Opera House"
"MSL teams reacts after learning that MarsCuriosity rover has landed safely on Mars!"
"&quot;I Want to be A Nurse...&quot;"
"My pregnant girlfriend's birthday dilemma..."
"why my family thinks i work too hard"
"I don't remember this Berenstain Bears book..."
"I can only imagine..."
"Never fails to make me die laughing."
"Fucking sucks x post r/nsfw_wtf"
"Overly attached President"
"Just a goat  tight walking on a rope  with a monkey riding on its back."
"Bank failure must really get them going"
"Panda Mentality"
"Obama?!"
"How NOT to rob a Wendy's."
"I was in the mood to share a naked hedgehog with you  enjoy"
"Mother &amp; baby (:"
"Something tells me it didn't work"
"All the difference. [x-post /r/comics]"
"IDEK"
"FireFox and Windows having a go at each other"
"Me window shopping at the candy shop."
"HAPPY STAR WARS [FIXED]^6"
"so fresh and so clean clean."
"has it really not been done yet?"
"Me on my way back from picking up a half pound."
"Speedin' Dirty"
"I feel Fantastic"
"Meanwhile at Disney's Headquarters"
"How I feel walking past clubbers  whilst listening to Skrillex in a tweed jacket."
"Africa Face?"
"Disturbing school mascot."
"I think it is safe to say I would rather stay out of their way."
"Spoonie legit!"
"Seeing the recent trend about filming the police reminds me of this... Stay safe guys."
"I'm a rare monkey...you probably never heard of me..."
"Yo  quit playing"
"Quit playin"
"AWESOME"
"Hey honey  I got you a present... oh..."
"I don't know about you guys  but this is how i learned about supply and demand"
"why? because fuck you."
"First world anarchy! [x-post from /r/vancouver]"
"Pan's Breakfast"
"$20  one thrift store  close enough?"
"My downtime banana"
"I would kill to snuggle with them."
"How I feel when I play Pokemon Snap"
"We really could have used you 2 hours ago  asshole..."
"I'm guessing he fell asleep at his desk."
"I'm guessing he fell asleep at his desk"
"I just can't help acting like this after a strike in bowling."
"How I felt as a child when I was mocked for wearing heelies..."
"I could get used to this!"
"Good and good for you!"
"Chill the fuck out..."
"Canadian Zombies"
"anyone remember this"
"Browsing 'new' on this subreddit"
"One does not simply..."
"Saw this in my facebook feed. Should I emulate?"
"Share the load. (NSFW-ish)"
"We have bigger problems..."
"Ever seen a Corgi-Husky mix?"
"Wailord used body slam!"
"Seeing my Sisters college friends for the first time"
"I finally bought Gary's Mod today..."
"Max?"
"Jean-Luc Picard Fractal"
"This is how we should solve the problem of electric cars being too quiet: have this sound effect play."
"Need a sea monster? Why not Zoidberg?"
"Australia"
"Wtf Australia?"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Like electron microscope images? Try the hydrothermal worm."
"Wolf pup"
"1 adult  2 children please"
"burrito"
"What i thought of when i heard hostess was going out of business"
"I am not a clever man."
"Lost."
"I'm not a smart man."
"IOS 6"
"Tasmanian Echidnas' Four-Headed Penis"
"Nom."
"Float like a butterfly  sting like a...."
"I just got introduced to karma [First Post]"
"The imgur random button reveals something weird every click..."
"Jewelry for fidgeters. Love it."
"You'll need an actual stretcher after this..."
"How I feel when I get on /r/Spacedicks"
"Grandpa's off his medication  again"
"Words cannot describe this..."
"Nananananananana....PUMKIN!!!"
"Fish Helmet"
"Fish Helmet"
"Well that's just great"
"This bird is the biggest jerk"
"Obama just won the internet"
"I laughed a little to hard"
"TIL Nicolas Cage is Thor."
"Mannequins on crack."
"Super kitty senses"
"So I was watching the show Wilfred when suddenly..."
"This movie would have been a whole lot shorter if this were to happen"
"simbaaaa-ahhh shit!"
"Biggest NOPE - Fuckthat.gif"
"So inspirational"
"My favorite Neil Armstrong quote"
"The Daddy Issues Spin"
"On this seemingly inauspicious date  let us pause to recognize an indispensable holiday figure. Krampus  demon counterpart to Santa Claus in some European lore  visits the naughty children on Dec. 5  beats them with birch branches  whips them with rusty chains and drags them to the pits of hell."
"Best Friend Ever"
"I live in the south and I laughed a little too hard at this."
"Now excuse me  after the recent frontpage for this cat  when did this become WTF material?"
"Meanwhile in Russia: Grumpy Cat edition"
"Non"
"searched on google penn state death penalty and this appeared.. made me laugh"
"No wonder it smells like fish down there...(NSFWish)"
"Oh yeah  milk."
"I used to play the FUCK out of this as a little kid."
"Boop"
"Why? FUCK YOU  THAT'S WHY."
"Just some cats in space."
"What is it?"
"The world seen from Norway"
"The Day I Discovered Gonewild...."
"90's Pokemon commercial.. wait  what?!"
"You can bring any sized cup to 7/11 for a 99 cent Slurpee  I brought my favorite cup..."
"Some of the best comments from the r/soccer and r/NFL April Fools switch (xpost from r/soccer)"
".gif of artillery strike on Syrian rebels"
"Googled Mr. Miyagi  this was the second image result."
"Just saw this gem"
"Time for them to start this show up again. There has been more than enough crappy movies made lately to ensure its reboot be a success  pending Dane Cook is not allowed near it."
"I present to you  an elephant in a raincoat."
"I'm sorry  but yes."
"I feel so terrible about this..."
"Story of my life."
"Rare behind the scenes picture of Heath Ledger on the set of The Dark Knight.(x-post from r/movies)"
"On the set of &quot;The Dark Knight&quot;"
"Apparently Satan is Queer according to this camper."
"Apparently Satan is Queer according to this camper."
"Dinosaurs do not have the moves"
"Poor t-rex doesn't have the moves."
"What it feels like getting nothing but assists.."
"Oh.. okay..."
"No I'd rather roll it into a ball"
"For the ladies"
"Unbelievable ice formation"
"Hello world."
"Fuck gravity"
"Why I love Alien Blue. (Reddit iPhone Client)"
"Why I love Alien Blue. (Reddit iPhone Client)"
"My mate over in Queensland just posted this epic story on facebook"
"Lol  he's like a superhero or something!"
"Battle"
"(x-post from cute) worlds smallest man with his cat."
"The wonders of Photoshop"
"Some tasty eclairs"
"MRI of an Artichoke"
"I guess makeup makes a difference sometimes"
"At Least Use Keystone..."
"Nighty night!"
"Get The Fuck Out of Here  Dog."
"Sheep Pig."
"Acrobats on the Empire State Building (X-Post from AdrenalinePorn)"
"Well that sucks"
"So this came up on my news feed."
"Oh YouTube.."
"Old habits die hard."
"Dude! That's not a bug!"
"This was on my old laptop. I don't exactly remember making this. Must have been drunk. (Batman)"
"Tried to look for mario piranha plant  get this..."
"Blowjob Lips."
"[Request] This  but without the text"
"I'm looking for cool wallpapers. Here's my favorite  put yours in the comments?"
"A man who loves his job"
"Someone please send help!!!"
"What all of the kids are saying these days.."
"peace"
"Peace."
"A Redditors worst nightmare: Spider infested toilet!"
"I'm going to take advantage of the recently posted GIF album  and show what happened when I found r/spacedicks."
"The REAL award for most stressful level in a game goes to..."
"Gary Busey...WHAT?"
"Griffin's got Da Funk"
"By far my favorite Zach Braff quote"
"Spotted in the UK: The slippery slope of gun control..."
"Smile!"
"Even baby spiders can be cute!"
"Having achieved my first full year on Reddit  I feel this sums up my relationship with you guys. [FIXED]"
"wanna fight with me ? baby"
"Biblical evidence for a flat earth Troll?"
"[Found] Came across this. Wondering how a world like this might work."
"Found this on Facebook (Not sure if repost)"
"I can't get over how the graph is wrong"
"TEST. YOUR MIGHT."
"Irresistible"
"&quot;Fool your friends...&quot;"
"Jim Carrey's bad touch"
"Coming back to having over 1 000 comment karma"
"A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska [1247×787]"
"What's that? An unpopular opinion? On my Reddit? I don't think so!"
"How I feel having reached the 850th post in r/funny"
"Thanksgiving..."
"Lamprey: far too many teeth to count"
"Saw some rule 34 comments in WTF  so have some bread."
"Insomnia has a face..."
"Justin Bieber never went to space."
"Amanda Todd's unreleased commercial"
"FB Gem I just found (she even tagged homeboy)"
"This was on my FB feed this morning somehow.. What the hell is going on here? (don't know this person)"
"Jesus put a skeptic in ICU to change his heart and renew his mind. What in the actual fuck? [fb]"
"Allow me to present... &quot;The Thinker&quot;"
"How do you make a panda even cuter? Shrink it!"
"A pic taken of a current bushfire in Victoria  Australia taken during the night."
"I was wondering why the guy in the bathroom yelled goooooooaaaallllll"
"Bobak Ferdowsi  flight director of NASA's Curiosity rover"
"Bobak Ferdowsi  flight director of NASA's Curiosity rover"
"Hard to be a teacher.. true or false?"
"Why are people scared of spiders but love crabs?"
"Joseph Stalin was a pretty good looking guy back in the day"
"The bathroom sign at work"
"Jesus gettin it in (xpost from r/atheism)"
"Getting gifted a Steam Game today."
"When I hit 1000 Karma."
"Saving his cat from choking on a mouse  this man contracted Bubonic Plague"
"Who doesn't like seeing kids wipe out?"
"Worst Case Scenario"
"Nobody."
"evolution of humans... the future is not so bright."
"Past  Present  Future?"
"The Holocaust according to Omegle"
"I can feel my arteries clogging just looking at this. In a good way."
"Man beats wife with sandwich"
"Down and dirty like a pro."
"Whatcha thinkin about?"
"rock paper scissor logic"
"&quot;The classic look all the time!&quot;"
"My facebook cover photo"
"Exercise can be painful"
"A must have for any cat owner"
"poetry in *meow*tion..."
"She brought this on herself"
"Walruses."
"Whenever my little sister posts pictures of herself in a bikini on Facebook."
"Happy Birthday America"
"'Merica!"
"How warfare SHOULD be fought."
"The best photograph on the Internet"
"For the month of October  PornHub is donating 1 cent for every 30 views from its big tit and small tit categories to breast cancer research."
"oh no he didn't."
"I'll never forget this place"
"This entertains me way too much"
"lolwut."
"Filarial Worm inside Human Eye"
"For a good time call..."
"Finger Monkey"
"Oh  this little guy! (x-post from r/aww)"
"I searched jajajajaja and this is what I found"
"Being a black dude at a dinner party when someone tells a super racist joke."
"What I think of Earth Day (gif)"
"Friend just posted this on FB  Lower East Side of Manhattan (~7:30pm EST)"
"friend just posted this on FB from Philly!"
"In the lower east side  NY  now! Run!"
"Swaqq strikes again"
"Mr. Snowman's mood changed quickly during his photo shoot..."
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"Slender in the Sunlight  Slender in the moonlight  Slendering all of the time"
"Albino Baby Sea Turtle"
"Cutest baby elephant with ducks"
"The day /b/ sent a toad to space."
"This is what magazines are coming too."
"Hey girls  did you know..."
"Vintage Dorian"
"I just ran"
"My sister came home and found this... (Fixed)"
"Probably my favourite game of all time."
"He ran into me I swear!"
"Today. I couldn't do anything right."
"Cartoon Vs. Reality - Lion King"
"We've grown up guys. It's time to embrace the reality of lion king."
"I Can Die Happy Now"
"how i feel after writing a 10 page paper comparing 5 books at 1:30 in the morning"
"I feel cheated"
"Yeah...Yeah!YEAH!Aww..."
"Childhood Ruined"
"Instant Karmic Retribution [gif]"
"Shut the Fuck up Ernie"
"Mr. Cat mustache you a question? How are you doing up there?"
"I guess my pants can smell"
"Always wash you're what.."
"I'll just lift this dirt right here... and..."
"It's hard to cope"
"All the time...."
"Best friend has a colonoscopy tomorrow - I made some poop puns to get him poopared."
"Betrayal"
"&quot;I also ordered a pizza.&quot;"
"The rush to Iftaar"
"Bring back WTF to its roots? I warned you... [NSFW]"
"Slenderman Meets Enderman"
"Go ahead... Play it."
"Can't touch this"
"Every morning..."
"Humaniality"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Checkmate theists"
"The Bible Drinking game"
"Just two bunnies  chilling in cups."
"Evolution of Batman 1940-2012"
"Basically  me looking at girls."
"4chan's track-meet"
"Big owl and baby owl"
"When I'm in the mood but my girlfriend isn't"
"When I'm home alone at night and I hear a noise in another room"
"Whenever I upvote a post that's been voted down to 0..."
"[HIFW] I post to a sub that hasn't had submission in 6 months [From /r/funny]"
"When people ask me  &quot;How does it feel to be a cat?&quot;  I'm like..."
"Poor cat was so mislead."
"...While it ate the whole thing... Q.o"
"Onions &amp; Crying"
"Dude  I partied like an animal last night"
"I know buddy  I know"
"Proof that watching Fox News makes you dumber."
"Super Dog! (x-post from awww)"
"Cool picture I found on imgur"
"And they say Aquaman is useless..."
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Damn you  Lex Luthor! [Repost from 8 months ago]"
"Carlton Freeman"
"Baby  you're on my mind."
"The original brony"
"How I feel when I'm taking a nice long poop"
"When you have explosive diarrhea  allowing you to miss work for the day"
"Replica R2-D2 with 8 consoles in it"
"BREAK IT'S LEGS!"
"My friend sent this to me"
"How to not pose with your dog"
"They're learning.."
"R.I.P. Mike.."
"Volleyball Match between US and Mexico with the border fence used as a net."
"The first comic of the homophobic seal"
"It came out of the deep!"
"Pika-chuu"
"Pikachu is a bully sometimes."
"It's super effective!"
"What I expect to hear everytime I open my mouth after 20 minutes of 'The Big Bang Theory' being on in the room. I'm usally disappointed."
"Smooth moves Jerry"
"everyone on reddit."
"When one facepalm isn't enough."
"To all the skeptics..."
"So I found this early picture of Donald Trump"
"Unicorn birth is no laughing matter"
"tap dat ass"
"Walking out of my first and only exam before summer"
"Like a Glove!"
"Priorities in order"
"What my Grandma said"
"tiny pig"
"A tiny pig!"
"Science joke. With bonus cat."
"wellness stick"
"One might say she's cute as shit."
"Laughter. Laughter. I get it huge mouth. WHAT!!!!! (FIXED)"
"The cost of things...."
"Saw this on /r/gifs and couldn't resist"
"4-3-2-1 Blast-Off!"
"We have lift off"
"Why? Why?"
"For the man who has everything."
"Little boy and a pinata &lt;3"
"Now that's something I would watch"
"I think I need to organize..."
"I still haven't found the image I was looking for  I just couldn't help but feel that this one was making fun of me"
"How it feels as a 27 year old going back to community college."
"I don't know why  but these go so well together."
"'Always Coming From Taking Me Down'"
"In the But"
"Fabolous gangnam style"
"Me after posting my first top comment on a post"
"If I won the lottery ..."
"say it to my face!"
"When is enough enough"
"Repost: Every girl's dream (Highly Accurate)"
"my reaction to getting 73 points on my first two r/gifs submissions (probably a repost  sorry)"
"typed in greatest picture ever taken and this is what i got"
"I omitted the clubhouse and characters in the &quot;Steam Summer Sale&quot; background"
"Nothing on 4chan has made me laugh as hard as this"
"An old picture I found on a /b/ thread."
"A nice size comparison to show just how tiny we are. (X-post from r/gifs)"
"Burn."
"How small are we?! Mindfuck!"
"The biggest thing in the universe... wait for it"
"The biggest thing in the universe... wait for it"
"Reflections!"
"Pug Life"
"Me  on the first college football gameday"
"Girls having fun"
"If the Moon is made of cheese..."
"That belly"
"One of the greatest pictures ever."
"THIS IS MY PAINTINGGGG"
"Shit just got real with hurricane sandy!"
"Long Island.."
"What you thinking about"
"Thug Life"
"....nah  i'm good."
"Overcompensating Hitler"
"I found this to be quite smashing."
"Whilst browsing through the titty spoons post"
"Meth is a hell of a drug."
"Where can I purchase one of these letter-opening machines?"
"Who wants to play flip cup?"
"Inception  behind the scenes"
"Would you live here?"
"And I don't care who knows it!!"
"Brainwashed Mormon"
"Cats in a nutshell."
"'Cause I'm a crepe"
"An Oldie But a Goodie"
"When I found out Lance Armstrong is being stripped of all his Tour de France victories"
"Can you find the cat?"
"She does what now?"
"Eating pussy ...you're doing it wrong! (SFW)"
"Nom nom nom...wait-what?"
"How to use an elevator like a boss"
"How to use an elevator like a boss."
"I see your facial hair and I raise you chest hair"
"My thoughts when being preached to why I should go to church by my christian friends"
"My reaction to finding out that &quot;Most awesome first name&quot; Bear Grylls' name is really Edward."
"Whenever I miss my chance to get top comment  because I arrived too late."
"How it feels to get down voted (fixed)"
"Can someone make a rage face of this?"
"The later years"
"Sexual Fantasies"
"Dat look... (nsfw)"
"Troll man  AWAY!"
"I want to try this SO bad."
"Bad case of Aspergers. [NSW]"
"Best birth scene in a movie"
"For my cakeday  I present to you my personal collection of gifs (60 of em.)"
"Happy Monday  now back to sheeepppp...."
"Barney: The wonder years"
"WhoaoaAAAuughaAUOOooaaoAA!!"
"The Gecko Eyeball."
"Having Fun Rage"
"Caution ballroom dancing"
"You don't scare me! Work on it!"
"Farting with a row of people behind me in class."
"Who you calling &quot;nimrod&quot;?"
"My cat is finally smiling"
"Surely the Greatest Book Ever"
"Spy Kids if you guys don't recognize her..."
"You don't fuck with alpha...[Fixed]"
"I see your Blobfish  sea pig  and hag fish  and raise you an angry angler"
"No more internet for me today. NSFL"
"what reddit is turing into[FIXED]"
"Time has made us fucking wimps..."
"spray paint motorcycle animation"
"What years in school will do to a man..."
"It only took Gabe 4 years to go crazy."
"What we may have saw in our textbooks."
"So I'm watching Jesus Camp for the first time."
"The first day of the semester and all the hot girls walking by me"
"Best rape van ever (FIXED)"
"Chuck Norris wrong number"
"DJ in the muthafuckin house"
"A New Way To Exercise!"
"And for the million dollars..."
"This picture makes me oddly uncomfortable"
"RoboCop's new sidekick"
"This should not exist"
"Easy does it..oh shit! OH SHIT!"
"Never thought of that."
"'MURICA"
"Iron Man's badass entrance: Plan B"
"Lava"
"what I saw on my way to work"
"Ok reddit. What are your favorite gifs? I'll start."
"How I feel about allergy season..."
"Anarchist Tendencies Calvin"
"Moses is happy."
"Me gustaaaa"
"Xavier had one weakness"
"Destruction in Paradise"
"The Fountain of Youth?"
"Halloween during college is the best"
"My sentiments towards those who downvote me."
"Thor's sister"
"Thor's sister"
"When someone asks me to tell them about the furry community"
"So that's what happened"
"I was curious if r/911 existed. It does. And yeah..."
"Finding out that my course has a 100% employment rate after graduation"
"Ducklings with mom"
"Doesn't matter"
"doesn't matter [fixed]"
"The force is strong in this one"
"Crazy Jedi"
"Speaking or Grim Fandango  here is the original poster/box art with no writing on it but the title  perfect poster for any gamer!"
"How I feel when facing someone in FIFA/NHL online and they won't skip the replay of their goal"
"under the tutelage of reddit  whenever a friend of mine starts showing me a video or picture  I cut them off and proudly proclaim:"
"Bill Murray (x-post from /r/photoshopbattles)"
"Can we all agree that this guy is the coolest man ever?"
"Escape"
"It's so....true"
"Smashing into theaters everywhere."
"Oddly comforting"
"So hard precious....."
"When my male roommate doesn't think I'm home  and I hear him jacking off..."
"I would play the shit out of this game"
"Pizza Delivery!"
"MFW I missed my cake day"
"Walk Cycles Like Jagger"
"Baby elephant seal on a South Georgia beach"
"Every time I think I have an idea that can make it to the front page..."
"grumpy cat + ron swanson = reddit"
"Hard core baby"
"Bad Luck Brian and surgery."
"BLB tries to be more spontaneous"
"So  I tied my Iphone to a kite."
"How I feel when I have a bad post."
"Just found out my cake day was yesterday."
"Snoopy"
"WTF O_O"
"If an INTJ was honest with his friends. (xpost from r/funny)"
"Forever Alone - The Sandwich Edition"
"It's my birthday as of 30 minutes ago. This is my face waiting for &quot;Happy Birthdays&quot; on Facebook."
"I knew those magazines are trouble"
"Everything about this screams whoa. [gif]"
"No hesitation and no turning back."
"Ermahgerd Tricky"
"Racing to the Front Page. Totally not a repost of sdc_sketchez post! Get it? Blue shell? Racing?"
"FUCK YEAAHHHHH!!!!!"
"How I feel when I read anything &quot;Batman&quot;  let alone 'spoiler'."
"First thought after seeing this picture..."
"Saw this in r/WTF I thought it looked badass! (x-post r/WTF)"
"And where have you been all night?"
"Religion Is Like A Penis"
"Religion is like a penis..."
"Why Religions are Popular"
"How?!"
"What I do at work ALL DAY [FIXED]"
"Me when my cake day post only got 5 upvotes"
"Benny Hill would be proud"
"Baseball: America's Game"
"I was told /r/aww wouldn't like this  I think you will  you decide."
"Welcome to the U.S."
"Frustrated Castaway"
"The next big thing in 2013"
"Comb the DESSERT"
"Socially awkward penguin being  you guessed it  socially awkward."
"Undoubtedly the coolest desk ever."
"COME ROLL IN ALL THE RICHES ALL AROUND YO-"
"Hey Jude Flowchart"
"How I feel when someone starts singing &quot;Call Me Maybe&quot;"
"I Give You Bunny-Cat"
"Escape convict caught on street view"
"Good bye childhood"
"WTF kind of bug is this? And what purpose do all those &quot;things&quot; serve?"
"The Nope bug"
"The sooner you advertise here  the better! (X-Post /r/AdPorn)"
"KOO KOO the birdgirl."
"That dog knows how to cook!"
"That'll do  human."
"I hope I can save some anuses..."
"Firecracker... [NSFW]"
"How I feel trying to make it to the front page."
"A Young Clint Eastwood Holding An Armadillo"
"No miss  it wasn't."
"Was it the fairest one of all?"
"It works"
"Whenever I Join a Server and Hear 6 Year Olds Trash Talking Over the Mic"
"Hitting 50 karma after a year  then seeing 2 month redditors with thousands of karma"
"Hitting 50 karma after a year  then seeing 2 month redditors with thousands of karma (x-post funny)"
"Holyshit its my second cake day!"
"5 second rule"
"End of No Fap September you say..?"
"I love how disney draws their eyes so beautifully..."
"50 Shades of Grey for men"
"Eight legged awww NOPE."
"When conversation shifts to politics at Thanksgiving dinner"
"Camouflage cat in the wild"
"RIP Terry Crews..."
"The Shawshank Omelete [gif]"
"Super size it  bitch!"
"HOLY FUCK NSFL"
"A Pileus Iridescent Cloud Over Ethiopia"
"How Americans view Switzerland"
"How Sweden actually looks [FIXED]"
"You don't want a problem with me  mang. I promise you dat."
"Portraits with the moon"
"Hey Reddit. Been lurking for 9 months. This is my first post."
"gggggggggg"
"Coming home after a week long family vacation"
"Kitten escape!!"
"Freaking Flying Alligator Attacks Baby! in 3D!!!"
"Just in case you haven't seen this stereo gif before:"
"I don't know why but this GIF is satisfying to watch. Battleship Gun Loading System."
"The perfect BLT."
"LPT: The Perfect BLT"
"Every day's a struggle."
"Team Great Britain."
"Can anyone in Japan confirm if this actually happens?"
"Seems legit..."
"How I felt when I found out Obama was coming to my college for the second time in two years"
"Painfully funny"
"So True. So frustrating."
"So close!"
"Human Centipede"
"When this shows up on your facebook newsfeed  it absolutely ruins your day."
"This was on my newsfeed. And I thought the human centipede was disturbing..."
"How it felt after permanently deleting my 50 GB porn folder."
"Power Metal Lightning"
"stop eating my house!!!"
"The Black Knight Rises"
"Found this just lurking in my photos."
"I still think it could have worked..."
"A giant web of nope!"
"Whole lotta NOPE!"
"I would run through this to get on the front page"
"What I imagine getting to the front page of /r/spacedicks must feel like."
"Fish"
"Welcome to the english language  asshole."
"The internet is powerful."
"How I feel when people talk to me about their fantasy football team"
"It's been a long day."
"this is cute in a way"
"One year on Reddit!"
"Seems Legit"
"Binders of bitches"
"R-Money in tha house ya'll"
"I heard his album drops next week  R-Money!"
"I bet she has a &quot;thyroid problem&quot;"
"Shoulda got a cat (x-post /r/wtf)"
"Nunchucks on the door knob and a scented candle means Jesus and I are shooting up."
"Please  take a minute to think how small we are"
"See? There are plenty of good things in life."
"Someone emailed me this  are these suppose to be GGGs?"
"Pedobear convention in Poland"
"Dance-off"
"party bear"
"Right in the Baby Makers (X post from WTF)"
"Saw a rainbow today while eating skittles."
"Found this to be a very powerful image..."
"Saw this on OkCupid today. Why can't every website be like this?"
"How come when my phone over heats apple goes all chinese on me?"
"So this exists."
"Do not underestimate the sun in Las Vegas"
"September in Colorado isn't supposed to be this hot. It was in the sun for 10 minutes and this happened."
"WHAT KIND OF MONSTER IS THAT!?!?"
"Is anyone else enjoying replaying this classic?"
"Larken Rose anybody?"
"Just wow.....what a resemblance"
"Father? [FIXED]"
"From a newspaper in NJ. I think this goes here."
"Elderly Ninja made the papers"
"Smart-ass Chinese student."
"I think one of the students took this assignment a little bit too literally."
"Dear Reddit."
"My reaction to all the posts regarding finals when I still have two weeks of classes left."
"Having a mature discussion on Reddit and my comments get downvoted for having legitimate misconceptions about the topic"
"When I start losing an argument I know I can't win."
"I never get tired of this comic"
"How to touch a wall with an apple  and it's apparent dangers."
"I was on the internet when..."
"Silly cats wanting people food....."
"I believe this faceswap belongs here."
"The future"
"Holy shit!"
"Clifford the big black motherfucker."
"WW2 joins Facebook"
"How I felt whenever I a scene from the trailer while watching TDKR"
"One of my first WTF moments(Sorry if repost)"
"Just hanging around on google... BANANAS!"
"This shit is bananas"
"Banana for scale"
"Japanese Banana Commercial. Whut. [.GIF]"
"Heath Ledger skate boarding over Christian Bale on the set of The Dark Knight."
"Reflection in an astronauts helmet."
"After walking home from school 6 miles in 108 degree weather  this is how I'm feeling."
"As someone from florida  to the east coast.."
"TIL Josef Stalin was sexy as hell in his earlier years."
"The truth - rather long story  wait for it"
"Overly Manly Man Orders Dinner"
"M.C. Escher + Legos"
"Loki has no idea the power he has been given."
"Who wants a pair of these bad boys for their 4th of July BBQ?"
"Magnificent CME Erupts on the Sun - August 31 | Flickr - Photo Sharing!"
"When you're getting awesome head."
"After visiting /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu today..."
"My first thought when I woke up this morning and found out everyone was mad at Papa John's."
"Get well soon"
"It's the thought that counts...."
"Get well [Dead deer]"
"Ron Swanson. That is all."
"Ron Swanson's Movember"
"Mind = blown"
"Where is /b when you need em?"
"Everytime I see a repost..."
"Being a human cannonball is dangerous work. [comic by explosm.net/comics]"
"What happens when I try doing papercraft..."
"When people write out the tweet in the title  and then I click the link only to see a screen shot of the title in Twitter format"
"I found the king of Reddit."
"When I resume a story line that I previously played while drunk."
"When I think something I post on reddit will make it to the front page but doesn't"
"How I try to convince my girlfriend to have sex with me when she is not in the mood."
"Wait 'til you see my..."
"Watching the storm roll in."
"What's the opposite of fat rapping?"
"...What"
"I don't even know what to think of this..."
"Reddit  tonight I drank for the first night in six months due to a liver scare. This is what it was like."
"Mom realized the possibilities of torrents today"
"George Brownridge  a man of many talents."
"Mom  where do babies come from? &lt;NSFW&gt;"
"We all know where the rainbow REALLY ends."
"Probably one of the most awesome costume involving a bike I've ever seen (x-post from r/pics)"
"New Fucking Christmas Song"
"Just An Awesome Waterfall Swing"
"I googled &quot;I googled&quot;."
"Naked Jesus shooting rainbows out his Cheetah-tits  at skull monkeys riding flying zebras."
"How can you not one up this though?"
"Ha"
"Today is my birthday! so look at this ocelot."
"Oh shit oh shit oh shit!"
"Call 911 [FB]"
"i think you are doing your mustache wrong..."
"We can carry this for you sir..."
"Fox news in all its glory."
"Always a comfort to come home to."
"This Makes Me Laugh Far More Than It Should."
"Time to bring back this dog..."
"Your bill  sir."
"Sometimes the Internet Concerns Me"
"My... My... Childhood... It's ruined"
"Stealth Cat"
"How im going to feel like later today."
"Party- Halo style!"
"How I feel now that my entire family is wrapped up in a pyramid scheme:"
"Waking up after a big night on the town."
"Lionel's got your back"
"Hello...."
"When I pour cereal in to the bowl and there's no milk in the fridge."
"This lucky trick-or-treater has awesome parents!"
"Platypi?"
"lazy as fuck glasses"
"Just a few things I don't like"
"How I feel as a Brit who just woke up to Obama's AMA...that just finished."
"How I felt realizing I missed my cakeday."
"How I feel with homework on the weekend"
"The song and dance of my people"
"Dat Chicken"
"Best letter opener ever"
"Honey Boo Boo"
"mc gangbangers"
"Photobomb level: Steve Irwin"
"This is why it was only a rehearsal. You have to get the little things right first"
"Went to fight a traffic ticket and the cop didn't show up...this is how I felt!"
"Came home to find myself on the front page for the first time. My exact reaction."
"Yes. Just yes."
"I feel like this will go better here"
"Well would you look at that"
"Awkward Family Photo Contest Winner..."
"How my birthday was."
"twenty minutes into my 21 birthday and only one Congrats on Facebook"
"How i feel after spending one whole year on reddit."
"Sharks are now on the streets"
"Hurricane Sandy-Sharks on the streets of NJ!"
"Get out of here shark  go back to the ocean"
"Saw this little guy in my front yard"
"Hurricane Sandy has some sense of humor..."
"When you see it.. Hurricane Sandy in Margate  NJ"
"There is a shark in my front yard in NJ"
"My moms friend from New Jersey had a shark swimming in front of her house"
"Yup  that's a shark..."
"The only explanation for why awesome posts have 55% upvotes"
"Chewbacca on a squirrel  fighting Nazis."
"Posting in the wrong subreddit"
"Gumby:)"
"How I feel when I get instantly FriendZoned."
"4chan  you're doing it right."
"I LIEK CHOCOLATE MILK"
"If you died and your parents went through your computer..."
"Sweet 70's Dreams"
"One of the more perfect mashups I've seen"
"Ordinary sand  magnified 250x"
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Watermelons?!"
"I'm sure most of you have already seen and drooled over this piece of art  but must be reshown because BACON!"
"Starry Night made with bacon"
"How I feel when I turn in my last final"
"How I feel when I get rejected."
"My face when I see a NSFW on my front page"
"Just got back from the gym."
"I don't think he'll be getting any better..."
"How I feel EVERY Week Being from Tennessee"
"My first reaction when I see someone I know walk into the place where I'm working."
"The town where most* wears a gas mask [FIXED]"
"Nom nom"
"Not today  buddy!"
"Saw this gif  heard this without the song even playing."
"Walking to school after a storm  I don't want to go."
"Was looking a photoshopped pictures of Nicolas Cage and found this. What the honest fuck?"
"Searched &quot;terrifying cat&quot; on google"
"Pancakes on the $5 = American Win"
"Grahambert knows the internet too well. Haunted house pic.."
"1/2 Papa's Face  1/2 Mama's Face"
"Honky Tonk"
"Now this looks like a job for me"
"Can you hold this Real Quick  Thanks"
"The Creation of....oh my."
"Did an image search for manatees  found this. No longer want to swim with manatees."
"Note Passing; Gangnam Style"
"He thought it was catnip...."
"Silly monkey I remember my first time on the internet."
"They see me rollin'"
"How I feel after learning the J-A trick in RES"
"I have a rule that if I laugh at anything on Reddit  it has to get an upvote. This is what it feels like at a [7]"
"Expectations"
"Party on  Wayne!"
"Like I Give A Fuck"
"Every time some tells me about their day"
"I don't like to gamble"
"Daily Life."
"Every. Day."
"Most accurate Hurricane Sandy forecast yet"
"Weather update on Hurricane Sandy"
"A Floridians interpretation of hurricane Sandy"
"Snoo in a nutshell"
"The progression of Hurricane Sandy's velocity"
"Whenever hurricane sandy is mentioned I think of this:"
"Today  I lost my dear friend because I opened up my feelings to her"
"This is what happens when you downvote  people."
"liek dis if you cry every tiem"
"Me every time Gandalf Dies"
"How I feel posting something to Reddit with a typo In the title"
"Sad cat"
"Just got home  tired  turn my PC on  see Reddit's on maintenance..."
"YES THIS IS DOG I'M ON MY WAY"
"Dwayne &quot;The Rock&quot; Johnson as the Incredible Hulk  Halloween 2012. Wow."
"The Rock as The Hulk"
"The Rock's costume for Halloween"
"I dont see any difference."
"Damn he's got style..."
"Sadly.. This.. Every night."
"Night life (fixed)"
"Not really sure how this works but... it's Stephen Colbert's Birthday."
"How I feel as a Christian posting in /r/atheism"
"Saw this little guy on the way to work today!"
"first post on reedit. how'd i do?"
"For the past month."
"I hate you guys"
"Cyclops shark"
"Player 3 Has Joined the Game"
"Quick  take the shot before -- (sigh) damnit."
"His first Skrillex Concert"
"It was the only way"
"Pastrana is a Badass.. (Source?)"
"Double standard"
"What I heard/saw when my roommate was trying to convince me god exists."
"Magic"
"D'awwwh... look at that face"
"If dog's and hedgehogs could talk"
"How I feel now that Matt011ss made this new gif"
"Reddit's reaction to anything related to Morgan Freeman [fixed]"
"I will one day learn this move"
"Fearless."
"Sorry this works too well"
"All Black. (x-post from AdviceAnimals)"
"FUCK YEAH"
"Captain America at his best"
"Not to be played while drunk"
"Not your regular game of chess"
"How I feel when work wants me to stay late."
"This makes me laugh when I am particularly out of fucks"
"To that kid who reminds the teacher you had homework."
"We must be having an identical twin-ception going on here."
"What I do on reddit at 3am when I'm drunk...."
"Me when redditing while drunk."
"Being drunk on reddit..."
"Since today is my 21st birthday  i felt like doing this for everyone"
"Me now that Reddit is back up"
"On r/wheredidthesodago/top  I've just been pressing and 'a' and 'j' repeatedly. This is how i feel."
"Me when I am drunk on Reddit."
"I don't always remember to upvote  but when I do..."
"Um...isn't this illegal?"
"This made me feel a little better today..."
"Wise words from Butters"
"Trampoline in Frankenstorm"
"I'd retire here"
"How I feel when i'm getting head"
"Average female faces based on country."
"The &quot;average&quot; look of females in different countries"
"What did he just read"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"IM GONNA GET YOU DIRTY DAN!"
"Best Lawyer Ever"
"Found on my fb feed: The Milky Way over the cliffs of Moher on the west coast of Ireland"
"Moon setting over the Cliffs of Moher  Ireland."
"Lose your arms and increase your mouth in six weeks"
"How I feel talking about my first time having sex with my friends."
"1 tequila  2 tequila  3 tequila  floor"
"Me  realizing I have nothing planned for my first cakeday."
"Like a true boss!"
"How Reddit feels about my cake day"
"My girlfriends response when I tell her we haven't had sex in a while."
"cos b"
"Drug smuggler's Fail"
"My reaction to the recent wtf posts..."
"The definition of OH SHIT"
"This would be a life-changing experience"
"Already done?"
"Why facebook just why..."
"So I found this in my photo gallery..."
"Safe sex."
"When trolls try to talk to my little brother on the internet."
"Steam install"
"Better take his advice."
"Trippy"
"When i kill someone with a Nidalee/Cait trap"
"After browsing /r/conspiracy"
"Seriously guys  he's lonely"
"The longer you watch it..."
"Everybody's super Colbert raving"
"*bite*"
"Is this a thing now? I think it should be a thing."
"How I feel about all these football posts on reddit today."
"Well I swore my cake day was supposed to be Christmas but I guess it wasn't and I missed it so here is a .gif to show how I felt."
"Whenever the ex calls complaining about her boyfriend:"
"Library Cat"
"The Sky is Burning"
"TIL there is a &quot;cutest dog in the world&quot; and his name is Boo."
"Found on /b/: Forced Enema [Super NSFW!]"
"Life from death."
"Animorphs"
"Not sure if racist or hilarious..."
"#Obama2012"
"Infinite Spirals [gif]"
"Pastries: Some powerful drugs right there."
"Nailed it (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"Shopped? No  couldn't be."
"Oh you know...."
"What I imagine reddit meetups look like (fixed)"
"SHITSHITSHITSHIT"
"By Far One of My Favorite Gifs"
"Make friends  not enemies."
"How I felt the day my internet finally came back online.."
"Guy takes cops for a spin."
"Hey..is that Mike over there?"
"Fucking Mike..."
"Found this on facebook and thought it belongs here."
"4chan shows its support for 9GAG (xpost from r/4chan)"
"Baby got her swagger back"
"Baby be shufflin"
"Honey Boo Boo and Aphex Twin"
"Run as fast as you can..."
"Lots of fun  smelled terrible... ah  memories."
"I wish I could be him.."
"Love to hate and hate to love it  but it's a great representation"
"D'oh!"
"secret identity"
"Got laid by the girl I've been chasing for 2 years."
"Browsing the frontpage today..."
"Too many!"
"This still makes me laugh every time."
"Be a man you baby...errr wait..."
"Time for Breastfeeding?"
"They call me babyface"
"She said she loves my baby face."
"Thanks Jesus!"
"Thanks Jesus"
"De nada."
"Get that bitch a leaf"
"Sometimes things are that much more hilarious when you're sleep deprived"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"Parallel Parking"
"Parallel Parking [gif]"
"if you look carefully you will see the difference!"
"When I walk into the wrong class..."
"Cutest. Moth. EVER."
"First time editing a gif. I think it's SMASHING! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Deal with it!"
"My computer when I try to start Battlefield 3"
"LL THE FEELS [fixed]"
"Cool Story  Bro"
"Unfortunate pyro timing"
"The most epic soda fountain ever"
"Politicians these days..."
"People of the world  start praying  the Anti-Nyan Cat is born."
"cat problem"
"It happened."
"PRAISE THE LAWD"
"To celebrate 2012 I made a comprehensive list of everything humanity should be proud of for the year 2011 [fixed]"
"didn't think this is what it would like in real life (x-post r/gifsound)"
"I made this and then watched it for about 10 mins straight"
"You think you've seen reposts?"
"To me  God will always just be that guy who..."
"Why God? Why?"
"Cruel..."
"Asian time bomb"
"how Asian women age  pretty accurate I'd say"
"The exponential aging of Asian women"
"You can't unsee this."
"I can't believe no one has pointed this look-alike out yet."
"Breaking Badass Trick or Treaters"
"Anyone else been thinking about this for Hurricane Sandy?"
"Fire Soccer Yodeling"
"Stop it ladies!"
"I don't know if this is a repost  but I think it hit the nail on the head."
"Annoyed otter is annoyed."
"it just doesn't fit (x-post from r/funny)"
"Herrro!"
"Time to get to work"
"We need you!"
"Mortal Kitty"
"Somebody hit my car. I'd be pissed if he weren't so funny."
"Leave my car to go into the grocery store  come back to this"
"when scumbag steve hits your car"
"This cow met the Miami zombie too!"
"Someone explain. Now. What the actual fuck is this."
"Milky Motha' Fucka'"
"Me going on tumblr after discovering reddit"
"Money Time!"
"He just looks so damned happy."
"He just looks so damned happy."
"This is how I feel when downvoting something on the front page"
"non-giants or Football fan on super bowl day"
"When i look"
"Like it's hot."
"This was drawn entirely in pencil."
"One of Diego Koi's graphite drawings. Keyword  &quot;DRAWINGS&quot;."
"hypnotizing"
"Chewbacca reborn"
"There is way more like this."
"spin me round"
"Car Spins Right Round"
"Why space is so awesome."
"Whenever my friends talk about cars"
"Genes."
"Boat! Land!"
"Vertical walking"
"Ain't nothin' gonna break it"
"r/atheism"
"No words.."
"The floor is lava"
"I was looking at facebook when..."
"This painted on the body interests me"
"Santa  No!"
"Post-finals..."
"Now this is a show idea  from this week's postsecret"
"My friend won a local pumpkin carving contest- waddya think reddit? (I'm reposting my own OC as an experiment- It was recently stolen and reposted by GrumblyWhale 6 hours after i posted it.)"
"How Americans view Canada [FIXED]"
"How America views Canada (FIXED)"
"How Americans view Canada [FIXED]"
"Milkman after bombing of London. (1940)"
"Sorry Reddit  Just Another Re-Post"
"Sorry Reddit  Just Another Re-Post"
"housekeeeeping  housekeeeeeeping"
"A storm is coming"
"This is an amazing shot of New York today with the Frankenstorm bearing down"
"When my ex tries to complain about her current boyfriend to me"
"Some shit is about to go down"
"They didn't fit"
"My boyfriend and I are having a Reddit themed Thanksgiving. Here is my practice run. How did I do?"
"This deliciousness showed up on my FB page. Bacon everywhere!!!!"
"The Bacon Wrapped Turkey"
"Just Wondering..."
"Every time I browse YouPorn..."
"How I feel when I log on and see 5/120 people online"
"Am I the only one around here...?"
"monday morning tape"
"what you have to do to be my ex-friend for ever..."
"The UP superstar has been found."
"The best celebrity lookalike you will ever see."
"."
"Meanwhile  in the youtube comment section..."
"Most epic liquor store robbery ever..."
"The moment when I saw the guy in front of me in my Sociology lecture on Reddit."
"Meanwhile in North Canterbury"
"The most freaking awesome way to spice up your living room!"
"When Donald Duck finally realizes"
"Reddit this past month"
"Ah poopballs!"
"Oh poo... (NSFW?)"
"At least you're having a better day than whoever handles this pig [NSFW]"
"Other countries right now"
"So close  yet so far"
"Nothing to do here."
"A Reddit Infograph"
"Found this on my Facebook newsfeed. Laughed a bit too hard"
"I'd hate to live next to this family"
"fuck it's shit i'm outta here"
"This seems like a bad idea [NSFW]"
"You're NOT supposed to set those on fire! [NSFW]"
"Douche Bags I have found your Ruler"
"For all those who are reluctant to click on that upvote arrow  I have a request... [x-post r/gifs]"
"I wrestled and played football in high school. I started working for my girlfriend's dad who owns an A/V company. How I feel in my first week"
"This Gap ad is so metal."
"Bill Clinton visited my school today. Here he is leaving our bookstore with some reeds and saxophone books."
"I would read the shit out of this."
"¡El Toro Gana!"
"A nice place to stop and have lunch"
"Losing weight is serious business for this cat"
"Going for a walk"
"O___O"
"My ex-boyfriend broke up with me when he found out I played FF7 on PSP everytime he would fall asleep while we cuddled"
"Seeing I've been a Redditor for eleven months"
"Just threw this together. looks pretty cool."
"The mother of all slaps"
"And we're done..."
"I was like..."
"/b/ is organizing this to happen on 9/11"
"How I feel after getting my first D in University."
"Seal"
"This got my &quot;Seal&quot; of approval"
"Fighting my older brother"
"Girl Dancing"
"His greatest fan."
"Been saving this one for awhile c: (x-post from r/aww)"
"My favorite gif. See something new every time."
"Obesity has really gotten to this kid's head"
"wat."
"Still my Favorite faceswap of all time"
"Yes  Todd. I see it. We all see it."
"Littering"
"Burn them with fire!"
"Ordering fast food"
"The biggest problem at McDonald's drive-through."
"Best Candid Photo Since &quot;Sailor Kissing Nurse&quot;"
"Such a playa"
"STAR WARS Rockers!"
"Awesome photo of a Lightning Rod in action"
"Yes  can I get a price check on this?"
"Crap! Forgot the milk."
"Wilt  Arnold and Andre"
"Why i look forward to Halloween TV"
"The Internet Army {Gif} {X-post}"
"totally bossed it"
"I tried to be this cool. I ended up with my face on the floor."
"Hey guys  I can throw a 150 mph fastball!"
"How I feel after reading through status updates I made 5 years ago on Facebook Timeline"
"How Adam Sandler punishes his kids"
"I can't even describe how adorable this is"
"Warning: Possible death from cuteness"
"Reading the posts on here  it's easy to forget that not all Christians are narrow minded-bigots."
"My face when the doctor asks if I'm sexually active"
"Well what else could it be?"
"I give this kid an A+."
"GTFO Grandma"
"Here's another good way to start a book."
"priority peter in gif form."
"Where did Peter's calculator go?"
"save the box!"
"Waiting for your turn when you and your brother shared an N64"
"Scumbag Duck"
"This is awkward."
"Found this on imgur  so true"
"The electrical sockets of the world"
"I think this race is already won..."
"Life is like a box of chocolates..."
"How many can we name? (now numbered!)"
"Please insert your penis."
"Mm  yes. Right there."
"Glorious zebra butt"
"Bitch  Ima Panda"
"when somene finally convinces me to open an r/spacedicks link"
"searched &quot;diglet&quot; on google images"
"Ronald McDonald  c.1963"
"Done."
"And make it snappy Superman."
"Fonzie Then/Now"
"Snow forts and Sponge Bob  the 2 greatest things."
"Sean America Connery"
"The difference a hat can make."
"Too true"
"Om nom nom nom"
"Why dinosaurs don't rollerblade"
"I know it's probably a repost but it's the funniest thing I've ever seen."
"how i feel trying to make front page."
"4chan on tonight's political debates"
"Holy sweet mother of god I finally did it!"
"No pressure..."
"My toad has unique pupils. The vet says nothing is unusual  and I should suspect nothing."
"Oh Boy"
"Well I didn't need sleep anyways..."
"Hurricane Sandy - Cat 1"
"Googled Hurricane Sandy"
"Saw this on my newsfeed. I don't even.."
"Even the snake knows what's up"
"evil snake laugh"
"How I feel when I down vote a comment to 0 on a popular thread."
"Why I love 4chan"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 months."
"This is gonna be hilarious in a couple months too"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 months."
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 months"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 months [Fixed]"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 minutes"
"My girlfriend every time she comes over to my house"
"If only..."
"Seasons."
"SHOTS!"
"How keys work explained in one perfect animated GIF"
"How keys work"
"How keys work."
"Now Fucker! How you like that shit?"
"There's no time to explain!"
"drunk on reddit"
"Just browsing the internet  then I found this..."
"what did the five fingers say to the face?"
"Tough kitty retaliates"
"Every time I click a link to Vimeo"
"Japanese flying squirrel curled up to keep warm"
"A little ball of cuteness."
"Channel 4's Paralympics coverage might need to hire someone else a bit wiser to evaluate the comments being texted in."
"The Paralympics have brought up some really potent moral dilemmas here in the UK."
"Best headline ever?"
"Made from shattered CDs."
"Science Patrol"
"The Counter Strike: Global Offensive Beta comes out today and this is my current state of mind:"
"[Q]Does anyone have a larger picture of this? I'd like to make a shirt"
"When ever I see a &quot;I googled this and got this&quot;"
"Whenever my thirteen year old nephew tells me he has game with the ladies."
"This was the greatest day ever. A ship tipped and washed all this to shore."
"Just a baby panda"
"Dramatic Cat"
"Mfw I see Doctor Who season 7 premieres in 20 days"
"How I feel browsing /r/justiceporn"
"My Dad just beat me in Fantasy football this week (Last year we faced each other in the Fantasy Superbowl and I won) Here's his reaction"
"Fucking ouch."
"Humor  cats  and puns in one image."
"Batman &amp; Joker"
"I love it."
"Picture of 85 car pile up outside of Cincinnati yesterday"
"8 million and one"
"[FB] 8 000 001"
"Popped up on my FB news feed. Very clever  I do applaud.."
"&quot;A+ For Creativity&quot; - I Suppose He's Not Wrong!"
"that awkward moment after a bj...."
"Apparently its a bad idea to give redditors ideas"
"Are you feeling it now  Mr. Krabs?"
"Lil' Wayne"
"You're doing it wrong!"
"Working hard or hardly working?"
"This chocolate looks delightf-WARGHABALGARBAL"
"Mr Cockatoo  that's not how you do it."
"Chocolate covered cockatoo."
"Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No it's..."
"Swagrid"
"You're a gangster Harry."
"&quot;You're a gangsta  Harry&quot;"
"Carlin on religion  can't believe it's been 4 years already. RIP George ( ; _ ; )"
"When people start talking about the endings of movies I haven't watched yet"
"That's one way to make a profit..."
"I did it!"
"A young Stephen Colbert"
"Ice and Coco."
"Jim Carrey's Career"
"Only Paul can GROOVE"
"Just found a dead pixel"
"When I see rocks and minerals making it it the front page again"
"My reaction when I heard Twinkies were going out of business"
"Belongs here  space shuttle Endeavour's flight deck (x-post from r/pics) [1050 x 699]"
"Just got my first smart phone and this is what I feel like I am dealing with"
"How sharks feel on tv this week"
"How I feel after getting my braces taken off after 7 years."
"Shadow of the Colossus"
"Are we human  or are we dancer?"
"come at me bro"
"It was a damn fine one too.."
"When all of my friends disagree with me."
"OMG  I dont see an xbox 360."
"I don't think so buddy"
"I'm Lovin' It"
"R.I.P. you spongy delicious badtards."
"How to celebrate columbus day"
"Alright  gtfo."
"Christians: 1  Atheists: 0"
"How I feel when im late for class."
"When my post gets 3 upvotes and no downvotes"
"Six hours worth of making dots on a piece of paper"
"When Obama found out that my username is Ob-ama"
"Oh youtube  so wise"
"Clint Eastwood last night."
"Slap the bitch out of Joffrey"
"This is the best gif of 2012?"
"Let me get that tupac fade"
"One of the more creative foot tattoos i've seen..."
"This is actually really true."
"Nekrobudgie"
"Oh hai there."
"Saw this on my news feed i couldn't stop laughing.."
"My favorite teacher made sure my time at high school went to infinity and beyond."
"Not all Muslims are terrorists like you make them out to be"
"Libyans condemn attacks on US embassy  rally against terrorism. Just to even up the vitriol being spewed in here. [X-POST from /r/pics]"
"Facebook God gave me a halloween costume idea..."
"This person wins halloween"
"This person wins Halloween"
"Would you like a little Cool Ranch with that?"
"Pass the Salt? I mean Doritos."
"Arthur offers legendary advice."
"How I feel voting Democrat in Utah."
"George Lucas. Wat r u doin. George Lucas...STAHP!"
"Brains? (x-post from r/zombies)"
"Is that right?"
"I have no regrets."
"Maturity"
"I'm so going to hell for laughing at this"
"In celebration of my 1st Reddit anniversary  I present to you my all-time favorite Reddit classic!"
"This creeps me out more than it should..."
"When there's only a little bit left in your water bottle"
"Eye stitches after surgery"
"Falling in love.."
"i think its a great idea"
"great idea"
"One reason why I'm afraid of locker rooms"
"Oppa gandalfstyle"
"Ermahgerd Lahtter!"
"Break it down  bitch!"
"Sex on the go [X-POST from r/gifs]"
"When I wake up in an ex's bed after a night of drinking."
"[NSFW] Holoprosencephaly  a disorder in which a single gene during brain development fails to activate  resulting in facial crossover."
"Real life socially awkward penguin"
"&quot;Enjoy your meal&quot; &quot;You too&quot; Nothing to do here! Vrooom!"
"I hope he won't mind me sitting here..."
"The Store = Reddit"
"When I hear my name in a conversation"
"Longest train ever!"
"MOTT ROMNOY"
"Grammar Nazis unite."
"How to Properly Play the Guitar (NSFW)"
"After going through all the safety rules and the overly-graphic things that could happen when they are ignored in my first tech class.."
"Proof  cleverbot is human."
"Researchers dressed in panda costumes try to approach giant panda Taotao and its mother Caocao.."
"I on the other hand am not..."
"So moist."
"Thank you for sharing"
"why someone would make a gif of somebody getting hit by a train is beyond me"
"Every time I try to make it to the front page..."
"This is how I feel when I don't receive any upvotes"
"College Essentials?"
"Guuuuurrrlll!"
"Bear Koalifications!"
"I always forget"
"After an hour in r/new..."
"Why my parents didn't let me play pee-wee football."
"once in a lifetime scene"
"It's finally my IRL cakeday"
"Weird  I don't remember ever seeing this Garfield strip..."
"My reaction to the spoon challenge thread"
"How it felt when my girlfriend told me I gave her three orgasms."
"Reddits back up!"
"South Park had it right all along"
"I love this picture far too much -_-"
"Been a member for a year now. Had to look in the mirror and ask myself this today."
"WHEN THAT ONE KID REMINDS THE TEACHER WE HAVE HOMEWORK"
"Things seem to be getting worse in lower Manhattan..."
"Great photo of Hurricane Sandy"
"Latest photo from NYC during Hurricane Sandy"
"That's more like it!"
"The wrath of Sandy unleashed!"
"Shit is off the hook in NY"
"All hell breaking loose in New York due to Sandy."
"Shit just got real."
"What is really going to happen on the East coast."
"Breaking News! Photo just taken at lower Manhattan."
"Hurricane Sandy really taking a toll up north"
"Found the Real Picture of Sandy Over the Statue of Liberty"
"Obama being a complete badass"
"yoga ball of doom"
"Horses and yoga don't mix"
"For my cakeday  here is me doing some core exercises"
"I only have 35 minutes left  so here's a monkey kissing a cat"
"Death by a thousand tiny cuts"
"Lucasfilm/Disney news release photo - fixed"
"Hi my name is Felix Baumgartner..."
"Tricking your parents... (FB)"
"Proof of intelligent design?"
"Extreme Schizophrenia. Right there"
"Honestly  I wish I was as well prepared for Halloween as these guys!"
"Wanted to go as a Cowboy on Halloween  but then saw these costumes..."
"Whoring out my cake day."
"When I'm able to pass a possible bowl movement with successful  hearty flatulence."
"I just ate a whole jar of salsa con queso with a spoon much to my family's disgust..."
"I feel as though this is better than the previous posts of this .gif."
"After realizing I've been a Redditor for half a decade."
"How I feel driving an automatic  after driving a stick shift for a really long time.."
"While learning how to ride a unicycle."
"Let's get it on..."
"I successfully wing-manned for two friends in one night."
"I asked this man if he was Zak Galifianakis' dad"
"Why I will never make the front page with OC xpost from r/funny"
"In honor of today  the 5th of November"
"Gandalf's mom was worried about him going into the Mines of Moria  so he sent her this."
"Apparently  my ex's old english teacher fails at english."
"Award Winning Oysters"
"Posted the &quot;religious tax exemptions&quot; image. We'll see how this pans out..."
"Looks like we know who to blame..."
"Perfect girl [x-post /r/facepalm]"
"Disney buys star wars? this is what wikipedia thinks"
"I Wouldn't Mind If This Game Was Brought Back"
"Guise! (x-post from 4chan)"
"Go home  goats. You're drunk."
"Monopoly Black."
"Black Monopoly"
"black monopoly."
"i love little girl"
"MFW i see a 9gag watermark on a good link"
"Every time i get down voted."
"I see your kitten pictures and raise you an baby ocelot."
"So I entered the wrong Imgur link..."
"So I entered the wrong Imgur link..."
"As Hurricane Sandy is hitting the East Coast  this is going on one town over from me..."
"My First Visit To /r/spacedicks.."
"Youtube never ceases to amaze me."
"Don't know if this is a repost  but this kind of friendship always hits me right in the feels."
"Someone asked me today if I was ok with being immoral: My Response"
"Boba the fett"
"Whenever someone talks about how &quot;difficult&quot; their life is."
"where can I get one?"
"When I make a new post"
"This will make you a vegetarian for life.... McDonalds Chicken."
"Why  hello there."
"I've seen some shit"
"I've seen some shit."
"Patrick going for a ride"
"Patrick travels to Camelot"
"HIFW I near 500 karma"
"Bragged to a friend about making it to the front page of a small subreddit. She sent me this."
"You spin me right round baby right round  like a dachshund baby..."
"The dumbest thing I've seen on facebook"
"Come on  FB... these are getting really annoying..."
"Which Grandma? I have four  and I like some more than others..."
"This just came up on my FB feed. They're playing hardball."
"Actually Popped Up On My News Feed. Where Does This End Facebook?"
"My grandmother understands the art of manipulation used on most popular facebook photos. She told me to make this one."
"These Facebook 'like and re-posts' are getting serious . . ."
"Well that escalated quickly!"
"When you see your ex"
"Impressive art  thats only purpose it to hold itself up."
"My friend asked me what Schrodinger's cat was. Made him watch the last scene of Se7en"
"It's like a furry bundle of awwwww-ness."
"i have a picture of a cat... now you can have a picture of a cat"
"Here's an album of all of the upvote .gifs I've made so far."
"A Glorious City"
"Things have to a turn for the somber"
"Mad world"
"/r/aww needs some baby zebras."
"One of nature's most beautiful moments."
"Hawk vs Fox"
"hawk Vs. fox"
"The shoe is on the other foot"
"Amazing USB Drives"
"This is Todd Akin and his wife. I have not swapped their faces."
"My friend just posted this picture of him and his girlfriend on FB"
"So this happened in a nightclub I was in last night."
"A different kind of relationship"
"Welcome to Reddit... How can I help you?"
"How I imagine redditors.."
"How I imagine reddit headquarters"
"Smashing  Stitch!"
"Boy Meets World"
"Don't mind him"
"Eating his own shit even after death"
"Quite the unfortunate name  I'd say"
"Under kitteh."
"Trying to dance to an upbeat song"
"Party hard!"
"Keeping with the trend... Here is the Most Canadian Picture Ever!"
"War stories"
"Suddenly I don't feel so bad being a nerd in High School!.. Pics of Rockstars in their teenage years"
"good question google  good question"
"Onions make you cry..."
"My friend's new profile picture  taken in Cambodia. (x-post from /r/MildlyInteresting)"
"SOON.......oh Hi there.."
"Welcome To Internet Explorer"
"How I feel as a diabetic on free Slurpee day."
"When I open reddit and remember that I will never be on the front page."
"Summer [FIXED]"
"What it's like reading about Google Fiber from outside the US"
"How Mitt Romney is going to feel after losing the election in November"
"Showed up in my fb feed today. Interesting."
"The World Narrowest House [618x438] (xpost r/Architecture)"
"Asain pregnancy test"
"Joined a Photoshop Battle  things got weird... [.gif]"
"Classic Kramer."
"Scissors beat paper"
"D'awwwww"
"This is how my dog poops."
"Weight Lifting Level - Jedi"
"How I feel while driving"
"And you thought parking in your town was bad."
"Being a sewer worker in Caracas sucks"
"I am so glad this escalator is currently stairs."
"TOGETHER  WE CAN RULE THE GALAXY."
"How i feel making a submission as an Imugrian Redditor who started out in Tumblr"
"How i feel making a submission as an Imugrian Redditor who started out in Tumblr"
"Fight Cantina"
"Stfu Rick."
"Rage comic rage (2nd)"
"Stop...SandyTime"
"Livin the dream  man"
"Somebody is in trouble."
"Level of regrets: 0"
"This is how I will punish my kids."
"watching my comment karma going up..."
"255 Evasion"
"Who smiles at the ground?"
"Found my new bed"
"Samsung takes the offensive  so happy to see this"
"Samsung's Smart Ad"
"Josh isn't happy about this."
"Mind = Blown!!!"
"This is honestly how i felt about the most recent star wars movies."
"Walking out of a dungeon in Skyrim"
"How I feel after missing a week of Reddit"
"My girlfriend every time she is able to go outside after having our child"
"Why the fuck can't I have a sequel to this?"
"Spongebob gave me nightmares"
"You are not the father!"
"Lets Play F**king Rugby"
"I Gonna Fuck with you Nigga"
"When my friend told me that links from Reddit are copied from 9gag.."
"When it's late and I'm on r/funny/new"
"Whenever my mom tells embarrassing stories about me in front of other people."
"When I Find Out the Girl I Dated Less Then a Year Ago is Now Engaged."
"I am so bringing these into work on Wednesday..."
"It rained in Las Vegas today..."
"Mmm  let me get sum'o dat."
"Damn religion"
"Science!!!"
"Found this awesome picture. Hope it's no repost"
"I Think It's Gone Now"
"I'll use my monopoly card now."
"Reddit Monopoly [fixed]"
"Box vs. animals"
"Brave camera man."
"Ermahgerd!!!"
"Rawwwrrrr"
"When you almost die in a stupid way and your faction mates are laughing"
"I see how Americans view Canada and raise you how Americas see Europe  and vice versa."
"When a stranger smiles at me and I try to smile back"
"Oh my God  Aragorn"
"Here are some owls"
"I hope stuff like this makes you feel better about yourselves"
"How Redditors have sex"
"Still one of my favorite GIFs out there"
"Long exposure fireworks"
"Poor Shuttlecock."
"Slothstronaut"
"He asked for his dad to come home."
"Trapped Under the Antarctic Ice"
"Pleasure Overload"
"Heaven."
"How I feel when I finally understand a joke..."
"The new way to take pictures.....This is a movement. Like Planking!!!"
"In my opinion  the best picture on the internet today."
"Watermelon MRI"
"Giant melon sling gone wrong."
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its finest."
"Cat Womans Time of the Month"
"Watching Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"Couldn't help but make this comparison throughout Django Unchained"
"Such Great Heights"
"Beautiful  Crazy people"
"TED  saxing the night away"
"You gave me minnnnion! I gave you Gaben and Steam Linux beta starting this week!"
"MINNNIONNNNN!"
"How dogs scaled fences in 1920"
"SLOTH!"
"Fox News fails again. A friend of mine posted this on fb and I couldn't stop chuckling."
"Oh Fox News  you crazy."
"Trust me guys  EVERY girl feels this way."
"Oh how I miss being 12"
"True Gentlemen"
"When people start wrecking my karma with their evil down votes..."
"How I react whenever green peace approaches me on campus"
"My bunny."
"Sliding Cats"
"/b/ captions James Holmes"
"It was startling"
"Getting your license at 16"
"What's going on there?"
"MRW I got a 30 on my ACT"
"Trolling the Police"
"everytime i see someone driving the same car as me"
"Fuck the police"
"Chooooooo!!!"
"Saw this on facebook  and brought me a smile. I present... BatCat"
"jimmie overload"
"My girlfriend's art amazes me sometimes..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art"
"Look what my girlfriend painted! [FIXED]"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"My girlfriend amazes me with her artwork"
"Why can't he do that in the game?"
"R.I.P"
"This Cat Must Be a Canon Fan"
"In Soviet Russia!"
"Protecting the Children"
"I wish"
"My new wabbit"
"Fuck you too"
"This happened."
"Yet another reason not to slash a tire: incredibly high pressure"
"Oh Mitt..."
"The Original Karma Whore"
"When I finally strike up the courage to ask a girl home"
"Let it go man... the lawnmower is gone."
"Great remake of a Zelda scene - Credits to Orioto at DeviantArt"
"Noted."
"The longest traffic jam in the world recorded in China. Its length - 260 kilometres."
"Gimme a break LeBron!"
"When you see it."
"What is this called?! I need to do this."
"Best. Toy. Ever."
"Bring It On Sandy!"
"Clever"
"Words do it no justice"
"I have social anxiety and I made a friend online who lives near me. He suggested that we should go see prometheus tomorrow  so I said sure. He seems like a nice guy and we have a lot in common  but I can't help but keep thinking this..."
"My cat got no love on r/chinesefood maybe you can give her what she deserves?? &lt;3"
"Aww..."
"Even the best laid plans..."
"I've never wanted to cuddle with anything as much as I do this little guy"
"Shaved Guinea Pigs look like tiny hippos."
"Shaved Guinea Pigs look like tiny hippos!"
"Shaved guinea pigs look like baby hamsters (x-post from Pics)"
"Things to do when the Internet is down."
"sweet  gyrating Urkelbot"
"Hurricane Sandy  Never Forget."
"Another Inaugural Stare"
"I think this guy likes beyonce"
"Soon at the inauguration..."
"does anyone else remember playing with this toy when you were little?"
"Biden is sleeping on the couch tonight"
"VP is really testing the limits of the Secret Service."
"VP Joe Biden buddies up to bikers in Ohio"
"Not sure what's going on here..."
"Pizza Cat In Space!"
"reddit's dinner plan"
"My cat cannot be more subtle."
"Silly puppy!"
"wat"
"What is your quest?"
"Sometimes...you just got to laugh at yourself"
"(Yeah  right)"
"Aww  his first step-"
"I got my final grades today..."
"I'm Standing!!! Oh $#!&amp;"
"Teddy Roosevelt shooting Bigfoot. That is all."
"I don't know mom the fan just broke."
"What's the matter? Nervous?"
"I love Alison Brie"
"Alison Brie (NSFW-ish)"
"Repost"
"Repost"
"When I play sports with my black friends"
"First Imgur random mode click went pretty much as expected"
"Silly trucks... That isn't how your supposed to sleep."
"I do not see the difference...do you?"
"they told me i could be anything. So i became..."
"How I feel when deleting my comments on Reddit"
"Oh  Asian people."
"Guess what..."
"So I'm now a part of the &quot;Banned from posting in r/Pyongyang club&quot;..."
"Missed my cake day by two hours. This is how I wish I felt."
"Every Time I see an upcoming indie game."
"Did someone say carrots? [FIXED]"
"Woah what did I miss?"
"If Video Games Were Easy"
"Teach 'em while they're young."
"Water  You Scare Me."
"Pretty much how yesterday went!"
"Still laugh every time"
"If someone threatend me I will trick him like this..."
"Chuck Norris has nothing on this guy"
"Probably a repost  but it's awesomeness excuses it."
"Goggled &quot;Was not disappointed &quot; and was not disappointed."
"When an ugly girl starts making moves on me at a party"
"Ridin'"
"No  I haven't seen Dwilight. I prefer Dwitanic."
"A good example of what happens to my posts when they aren't about this guy.."
"Greatest Halloween idea ever."
"Don't bring a gun to a bow fight."
"Saw this on /r/pics and thought it belonged here more. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"My dad sent this to me a few days ago. He said that he &quot;didn't know why he shared this with me&quot;. Don't know if I should laugh or be scared..."
"Sumo kid exprains crothes."
"rike dis"
"Mother of god."
"Hate it when this happens..."
"Skill Vs. Fame."
"There Can Be Only One!"
"This is my reaction when I get three upvotes."
"Sax Eastwood"
"Whenever someone calls my name just to ask to borrow something."
"sad cat"
"Me when I'm waiting for a text message"
"Can't beat tha-- Wait  what?"
"No time to find something good for my cake day cause of school -_-"
"This is what I get for typing in a random imgur URL..."
"How I feel as a Brit who just woke up to Obama's AMA...that just finished."
"How I felt realizing I missed my cakeday."
"Happy Fourth of July!"
"help me caption this"
"Obama-nation"
"Obama rocking the skateboard"
"When I see a political/religious post on facebook"
"Everytime I see people debate without actually using intelligent points"
"Me next map after all the new factional drama begins"
"Reddit's reaction to anything related to Morgan Freeman - GifSound Version."
"Wait... that's not how I remember it..."
"Just how I remembered it..."
"Anon's masturbation story"
"Researchers in New Zealand provide little glass shells as homes for hermit crabs."
"An awkward meeting"
"It scares me to think of how many opportunities I've missed because I thought like this"
"Some Men Just Want to Watch the World Burn"
"She loves it"
"69"
"Surreal Reflections in Iceland [1200×800]"
"Spongebob  no!!"
"I don't know whether to laugh or cry"
"...ker-plunk"
"Would you feel ethically obligated?"
"Reddit's new overload image"
"r/awwww's worst nightmare....."
"I accidentally mentioned our sex life to my girlfriend's parents"
"I'm in the military and I was supposed to be in Libya right now on a mission. This was my reaction when my mother said &quot;All the more reason for you to believe in God.&quot;"
"When people that get welfare complain about liberals"
"What Blizzard Is Doing To Everyone Logging Into MOP"
"Whenever I check Facebook"
"I have come to this conclusion"
"Cats in pants"
"Everytime I read Reddit's Facebook screen caps"
"Every time I read a &quot;Oh God Why&quot; ragecomic"
"Reddit Lately..."
"I keep noticing this"
"Whenever I see a [FIXED] post without seeing the original. [FIXED]"
"Looking back at the comic I just made"
"How I feel since joining Reddit"
"F7U12 Recently"
"i have a feeling i'm not missing out on anything too good"
"Ivet Lalova warming up her glutes."
"Just a trash can"
"First World Problems Leader: Words to Live By."
"chicken nuggets"
"Pee-Wee Herman is Regis Philbin's sugar daddy"
"The Best Image I've Ever Seen"
"Selling Tarantula Skin:"
"'nuff said"
"How I felt inside after successfully farting in front of my girlfriend"
"when i told my friends i broke 2000 karma"
"A wild foot appears..."
"After six years of picture hoarding  I think it is time to share the best of my funny picture collection with you. Enjoy."
"If you do this  fuck you"
"Thank you"
"How I feel going out in public.."
"Mitt goes to Chipotle"
"Mitt goes to Chipotle"
"So this is how it ends"
"When some teenagers walk up to me"
"Nah bitch  didn't think so."
"Suicide Level:Boss"
"live view from my apartment in Manhattan"
"When my girlfriend and her mother get in an argument while I'm around"
"Grandma will not be oppressed [X-Post from r/funny]"
"Fuck Da Police!"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Watch me explode"
"Wookie the Pooh"
"You need a good knife."
"Nailed it?"
"How I imagine Russians feel of all this talk of Summer"
"MFW browsing r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu."
"cat in the north [fixed]"
"Told my kitty to watch over the house in my absence..."
"He's on his way to Catnip rehab"
"I don't know why but this Is my favorite picture on the internet"
"Confused Pokemon"
"After making the front page for the first time"
"My reaction after not browsing reddit for a couple days and seeing the new confession bears"
"Bush at the greatest moment of his presidency."
"Let go of me  I must catch it!"
"Pokemon Vs Bush"
"When a girl came over tonight  and wanted to watch Snookie and J-Wow"
"Fighting over who gets to eat the first snowflake"
"Canadian Quidditch"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"The most awesome cat photo EVER. Dali Atomicus by Salvadore Dali and Philippe Halsman"
"Thirty years of music"
"Creepiest picture of a clown"
"WWAAARRRRMMMMM......."
"Dancing Chicken  Shaking Tiger  Batman"
"I ate half a box of onion rings with my supper last night  this was my reaction when I went to the bathroom."
"Cough drop megusta"
"Reddit  While most of Northern NJ lost power during Sandy  My friend Zoe lost both of her parents. (More in Comments)"
"Genie Wishes"
"Poor genie"
"Ice Ice baby."
"They see me lovin'"
"Try looking at the middle one  then letting the right one turn clockwise and the left one counterclockwise  mind=devastated"
"Finally got this! With a little help..."
"The US Army's &quot;How To Spot A Jap&quot; (1942)"
"This is why we can't have calm adventures..."
"How I see Kenji Setou..."
"Reddit slow to load at 2AM?"
"Why Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull sucked."
"What redditors think about politics in America"
"Reddit today..."
"Bugles"
"If you havin' girl problems I feel bad for you son..."
"Video card installation. You're doing it right!"
"Budget cuts in the music industry"
"Really?"
"Impossible decision"
"Being a female  I can't answer this. But I assume you males choose death.."
"Oh dear god  no"
".... That is horrible"
"Apparently 67% of people have never been on reddit..."
"Well then...."
"EVERYTIME I try to post a &quot;[fixed]&quot; link to reddit"
"Too much time in /r/WTF can have this effect"
"Shady ad"
"Pimping in a cardigan."
"Wonderful day in the ghetto"
"Mister Rogers Gangsta Gangsta"
"Stephen Colbert's secret talent"
"When I see other Ents out in public."
"this is a blobfish."
"The scariest koala ever"
"So . . . This is a Koala."
"Everyone should know how to triforce!"
"Fo' Shizzle"
"No words..."
"Umm... Australia."
"This aquatic-dragon-looking creature is actually a seagull being consumed by an octopus."
"He's cruel like that (x-post from r/funny)"
"Sometimes (xpost from r/funny)"
"My reaction every time someone asks &quot;Am I doing it right?&quot;"
"Don't Eat That!"
"The knight can visit each square on a chess board exactly once."
"The funniest thing I've found in a long time (x-post from /r/animalswithoutnecks)"
"Facebook  you never cease to amaze me"
"Dog having a ball"
"What browsing reddit as a canine must be like."
"Upvoting a comment with 0 points"
"How i feel upvoting a post that has 0 upvotes..."
"Upvoting a post with 0 upvotes"
"Does anyone know what happened with &quot;Operation Kinder&quot;? I just checked the website  was it reset?"
"Dwight the philosopher."
"No title can do this justice"
"My all-time favorite GIF."
"how I feel with most Reddit posts"
"Just realized Sheldon coopers tshirt"
"Better than the actual football game."
"The moment she friend zones me"
"Sofia Vergara eats a B-A-N-A-N-A"
"How I feel about the lack of Mr. Show gifs"
"Whose head it is?"
"this is just a mere owl during flight"
"Whenever I'm waiting for a funny link to load on my phone."
"Who dares?"
"so.....yeah....(x-post from fifthworldpics)"
"Coming through"
"This seriously KILLS me whenever I see it"
"Say buddy  you got a light?"
"WHY? [pic]"
"Probably a repost  but..... wut"
"I just saw this on Facebook. I wish I didn't."
"WTFING SHIT NIGGERS"
"Vigilante Justice - Imgur roulette"
"It's about time."
"'Merica"
"Hes never drinking again..."
"And no shits were given that Christmas..."
"Sweet armor bro"
"NOPE !"
"How to troll"
"This is how I feel  as a Canadian  when upvoting an anti-SOPA post."
"Carl Fucking Sagan"
"To the people who upvote month old posts"
"Epitome of Awesome."
"Sometimes I forget how alone we really are."
"So I tried to help the knights of Reddit by going through the new page..."
"Everytime I make a spelling error on reddit"
"Aaron Mishkin"
"Existential dessert crisis"
"I sure hope he does!"
"What I feel like before I post a link"
"My reaction every time I see an original post."
"Tim Tebow's email"
"Tebow's email hacked"
"Tim Tebow's Inbox"
"NFL refs finally figure it out"
"NFL officials. Seems about right..."
"How I got caught fapping by my mom [NSFW]"
"Come on.. it'll be fun!"
"9 lives = no fear"
"My girlfriend said this after an hour of silence"
"If Dead Babies Go To Heaven..."
"Philosoraptor on Jesus"
"Just a surprised puppy about to be photographed"
"Meanwhile  in the reddit office..."
"Puppy Mittens"
"Space Invaders"
"My reaction every time the top comment is informative."
"007 Booze  bonks  and bodies"
"I hit a new low  today."
"Wat"
"A Christian friend of mine just told me that &quot;God is making Chick-Fil-A healthy for the good people buying it  but it isn't seen by scientists because God doesn't want Satan's Army to know the secret.&quot;"
"Upon finding out The Office was cancelled"
"50 Years of Space Exploration [x-post from r/MapPorn]"
"50 Years of Space Exploration - an Infographic"
"50 years of space exploration - infographic"
"He's just taking a little nap"
"Beating Tetris"
"Hopefully this will bring r/wtf back to what it's supposed to be."
"KNIFE to meet you."
"Aerodynamics"
"And in other news...oh wait..what?"
"Cold weather? Why not stay warm with this super stylish Reddit-inspired coat!"
"just poped up on my fb"
"Anyone here a Brony?"
"Found this on my brother's iPod. He has a point."
"This was just texted to me by my sister. Idk what to think."
"Shoebill stork as The Joker"
"Someone must pay!! - Imgur"
"You're all gonna pay!!"
"So Proud."
"Only 30 minutes left in my cake day and I didn't even realize it until now.. So here's my favorite gif since as long as I can remember"
"Otterly adorable."
"At the forefront of laser technology  science kitty."
"from the sea [NSFW] [FIXED]"
"Too True"
"Is there any word about &quot;Crystalline Pink&quot; ?"
"Turrets now can have items?"
"Picture me rollin'"
"Whenever OC is actually funny."
"When I found out that the 'Z' key downvotes..."
"Cats are always getting all the love. Let's make some room in our hearts for the little guys."
"A fine day for some soccer"
"Soccer ball  I will follow you wherever you go..."
"I'm tired of looking at photos of Endeavor's empty shell flying around. This is by far the best shot of the shuttle."
"How I Always Feel The First Day Of School"
"I think this belongs here"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"This is fucking amazing"
"Typed in a random imgur link..."
"A small summary of how i feel on &quot;No Fap September&quot;"
"It's an experience."
"Sasquatch  almost enjoying mexican food."
"mmmm  taco"
"Batman"
"Philosophy throughout the ages."
"Forgot I had started this. Went to set an alarm and came to this."
"Reddit  I present to you my greatest accomplishment."
"Merica!"
"Happy Labor Day  World!"
"Long exposure of fireflies just before dark"
"Can someone tell me what the hell is going on here?"
"WTF is that..."
"Wrinkly seal creature? Those toes..."
"I'm gonna try this"
"How I feel when I make a wrong turn in downtown."
"Real life QWOP"
"Best Halloween Costume EVER"
"The Charleston"
"This just... works."
"I think these go together well"
"My friend The Doctor"
"Finally  my thoughts can be expressed in a photo."
"Sorry!"
"Checkmate  Atheists. (x-post from /r/classic4chan)"
"Why hello!"
"this showed up on my newsfeed... probably the most disturbing face swap I've seen.."
"Benders [X-post from r/gifsounds]"
"He just wanted something to read while on the can..."
"This... I hate Facebook."
"I got really pissed off today  so.."
"Everybody walk the dinosaur...?"
"Nap Time"
"A cat under bed sheets"
"Priority Peter Strikes Again! (Probably a repost)"
"When I come up with a witty comeback  but botch the grammar:"
"That's a good one!"
"Hello!!!"
"Good morning  time for a stretch..."
"Just another night at the club"
"The very definition of class"
"Drunk girls are so sessy!"
"How real men play jenga"
"Ant pushing a water droplet [896x590]"
"Pinch"
"She can turn gay guys straight"
"Whenever I visit r/WTF [FIXED]"
"The first 5 minutes after posting anything"
"The first 5 minutes after posting anything (x-post funny)"
"I'm sure he'll pull through"
"saw this in my FB today...get well soon!"
"Barack o Batman"
"The Dark Night"
"Awesome beer ad response"
"How I like to imagine all cow farms"
"Dog  get off that lake!"
"By your powers combine..."
"So I googled the most American picture ever [FIXED]"
"OW MY VAGINA"
"I work in IT. When someone calls bitching about a problem  this is really what is going on on the other end of the phone."
"When I'm on the phone with my ex"
"Easily one of the funniest gifs I've seen in awhile."
"MRW I am being told something I already know"
"The Japanese Spider Crab"
"What does Ryan Styles have in his pocket for you?"
"What does Ryan Styles have in his pocket for you? (GIF)"
"FOR YOU SIMON"
"my reaction to can i borrow some money"
"Cute as fuck."
"Knock knock. Who's there? Freedom"
"Tiny turtle eating a strawberry"
"Birthday Skeleton"
"Strawbs"
"It comes in 1?!"
"My buddies mom made his dog a Halloween costume."
"The Nope is strong with this one."
"Like a boss"
"Sir Pugsley the 3rd is not pleased with your lack of class"
"Which came first  the chicken or the egg?"
"this is so sad......"
"What the customer wanted"
"that feel going through /r/ just to find loads of awesome bands you didn't know about"
"Dinner Time"
"My other car is a...."
"This belongs here."
"I must own one"
"Went out to round up our horses with my dog... can't say it went quite as planned"
"I didn't take this  but probably the most genius costume ever"
"Apples way of getting customers into their store seem to be working a bit too well..."
"this is what real heros would do."
"How I feel as a police officer working on Sunday."
"Gangnam Style regret"
"This is how I feel when both of my legs fall asleep"
"Pitching a tent is no longer metaphorical [NSFW]"
"Ladys"
"Now If skrillex would just quit."
"Look Closely."
"Cute  guys. Real cute."
"Together as they should be"
"I love it when this happens."
"I suppose I might as well just hop on this karma train."
"there is no escape"
"There is an i in team"
"no title is good enough for this gif..."
"Say hey! lol Heard this song the other day  this gif was in my head."
"Aw yeah."
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Shut up and take my money!"
"Happy Cakeday to me!"
"Weapons of mass cuteness"
"What music is all about [x-post from r/music]"
"An RC quadcopter that streams a live feed from a camera on it  and is controlled by a smartphone - Shut up and take my money!"
"What is Love? (x-post r/lotr)"
"How my old self feels at parties pretending to enjoy &quot;young people music&quot;."
"Ganfalf - What is Love"
"Rocks are not home pets and should be kept in the wild."
"I hate when this happens"
"happens every fucking time"
"Whenever I try to fix a mistake when I'm drawing."
"Rubbing one out after taking a break for 3 days."
"First time a girl sat on SAP's lap"
"Piss after Fap Sesh."
"Every time I wait a few weeks to masturbate..."
"me  every morning"
"As an ex-muslim.."
"I figured this belongs here"
"Facebook"
"uhhhh"
"Can't say I didn't laugh at this"
"Wedding Drama"
"Your move..."
"Cute Hamster... wat? [gif]"
"The horrors of reincarnation"
"This is how I feel when I argue in favor of Science against a religious individual."
"Science vs. Religion: A Tale of Two Rabbits"
"Nice Bike...NSFW"
"ONE HOUR!"
"INTERIOR PLATYPUS ALLIGATOR"
"Perry the Platypus"
"What i'm like after watching porn."
"What a happy looking shark!"
"0_0"
"First world cat problems."
"I got so much work done"
"My favorite part of the Obama AMA"
"Ultimate studio / office"
"Travel was simpler back then..."
"cute baby octopus is cute"
"He isnt sinking any ships anytime soon"
"Thanks to the Jersey Shore my town has become something of a national joke  but some of us live here all year long  and are hurting."
"Only 90's kids will remember these. I wish i still had my Slammer....."
"That stingray really gets around..."
"Well where else could he keep it?"
"Click this post just because your OCD says you have to check every post. Plus  there's a Russian that I'm sure some retard will scream repost at inside."
"WTF is THIS... Man!? Woman!? Vampire!? Liza... And Those Nipples..."
"It's always 'otter under the water  just wait and see... (NSFW) WTF"
"Books back in the day certainly were more straight to the point..."
"Headquarters of Benito Mussolini and the Italian Fascist Party (1934)"
"I actually feel sorry for the guy."
"Medical Students are..."
"Mario is an asshole"
"Kitty Got Air!"
"Coolest Slow-Mo Kitten"
"Bane's Auto Wash"
"It was meant to be."
"ramen"
"The Original Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
"eff traffic"
"How I feel as a delivery driver with a sign on top of my car"
"Yay doughnuts!!!"
"YAY DOUGHNUTS!"
"Well  so much for sleeping tonight..."
"Basketball Jazz Fusion"
"/b/'s election predictions"
"Amazing building"
"Haters gonna hate."
"Cotton Eye Joe. Gangnam style..."
"OMG  this is a huge ass  wait a sec..."
"Meet Flareon"
"Saw this in the local club production facebook."
"Creepy Gomie SPOILER"
"Wild Fire in Eastern Washington"
"What a shitty haircut...."
"Kitten with broken leg squeezes under door..."
"Well this must have been excruciating.."
"Literal bible-thumping (X-post from r/wtf) (sfw  I swear)"
"Houston  We Have A Problem..."
"Obama-chan"
"if obama and Romney had an anime show..."
"One of the most awesome pics of Paris I've seen!"
"Soviet Mushroom Kingdom"
"Safety Dog."
"Tiny Dog Dancer"
"Bossa Nova Bow-Wow"
"shake  shake  shake senora"
"When I hear my favorite song come on  on the radio"
"My GF thought she felt a lump in her breast and asked me to check it... She's fine"
"Do you pee in the shower?"
"Wait for it..."
"Advances in medicine."
"fun things to do with international border lines"
"When someone finds someone they know on r/gonewild"
"When I'm looking for my phone.."
"We lost a truly talented guy today."
"R.I.P."
"Micheal Clarke Duncan has died today due to heart problems. Rest in Peace  Gentle Giant  Rest in Peace."
"Being from Louisiana  when I put a liberal comment on my friends conservative facebook status."
"How redditors react to spiders"
"So my buddy saw a spider on the wall..."
"Jesus explains how the Gospels were written."
"Aaron Pauls replies to Seth Rogen."
"Jim Gaffigan asks life's deep questions."
"NDT on the harvest moon"
"Orgasm enhancing tip.."
"dear religion"
"Pornhub's way of helping Beiber get over Selena."
"Am I the only one who see's it?"
"My reaction when the title of a post doesn't match the content..."
"Supercell thunderstorm forming into a wall cloud"
"How I feel when Reddit is down all day."
"Men In The Baby Food Department"
"Came across this deep into google image search results. Not quite what I was looking for  but hey!"
"Poor guy"
"imgur: the simple image sharer"
"How I felt watching Curiosity land on Mars"
"Sitting in an astronomy research institute  watching Curiosity land on Mars..."
"You have no idea how much joy this picture has brought to my life"
"Can You Feel the Love Tonight?"
"My entire childhood nostalgia-fied."
"What would drive someone to do this?"
"10 Canine Commandments"
"Whenever I try to jump on the latest karma train"
"Houston  we have liftoff."
"When i got my first computer"
"WTF did the internet do to me?"
"Don't you hate it when someone farts while you're eating? This guy does."
"Not quite Gollum. . . but. . ."
"Henry has a bit of a problem..."
"They make it sound so easy..."
"Quack Quack Motherfucker"
"Am I the only one who thinks this looks like a girl bent over?"
"Playing sports with your much more athletic friends"
"Where can I buy one of these?"
"I cannot stop laughing every time i look at internet explorer"
"Cat's are really Samurai"
"Favorite gif of all time"
"Successful Troll is Successful"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Silly Horse"
"Dancing goose and pigeons  what is this from? (Tinyeye found nothing)"
"When I smoke with my black friends"
"Bite the pillow"
"Can't tell if 'puppy eyes' or 'kill me now eyes'"
"Take No Prisoners! Burn The Village to the Ground!"
"Red Panda"
"Baby Red Panda"
"14 out of 14 people found this review helpful"
"Wendy's SON"
"A better picture of my penis-cicle I found growing beneath a dripping spigot."
"Woody makes a good point..."
"If only this was how life really was."
"100 000 readers!"
"Firing a 1911 underwater. [Pic]"
"we have a winner"
"Patton Oswalt and his daughter dress up for Halloween."
"Patton Oswalt as Dr. Octopus"
"Scroll down"
"I do love storms"
"Facebook is getting intense these days"
"That's a fucking nuff  Facebook retards..."
"Proof that God exists..."
"Dance like there's an ass in your pants!"
"Cantina Walrus"
"Calvin &amp; Hobbes: That time of year again"
"For pre-teens into pre-bondage"
"Taken"
"A big round of applause for Texas"
"Snoop Dogg makes a chart explaining who he's voting for."
"rain &amp; cloud seen from a plane [pic]"
"This is how rain looks from a plane"
"Browsing facebook in the summer"
"Finding out that my dad has more karma than me after only 9 days as a Redditor"
"How Mitt Romney views Government's role in society."
"How I felt making my first student loan payment"
"r/WTF all day today."
"When you go to vote remember to..."
"An even worse placed drinking fountain!"
"Will someone punch him back?"
"Help this dog get Justice!"
"If I had a Christmas sweater this cool I would wear it year round:"
"That's not fun at all!"
"That's not fun at all"
"Porn for Squirrels (SFW)"
"Awwwww..."
"Cutest little thing I have ever seen!"
"Cheeseburgers aren't shoes  dog!"
"This is not an alternative for proper footwear."
"I saw this image floating around the internet today  and found out it was my cousins in Hoboken who were doing this!"
"Just keep on dancing"
"When you forget to lower the volume on your MP3 player"
"Guess who showed up to vote today?"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"he hit some turbulence!"
"and Mother Earth got your ass down!"
"One Spaced-Out Cat"
"A classic for my cakeday."
"Don't act like your not impressed."
"&quot;the best gif I've ever found [FIXED]"
"Ladies and gentlemen  the Monkey-faced Orchid..."
"Why bees make no sense"
"When you park too close to the wrong person."
"When you see it . . ."
"I hate chicken not salmon..."
"3Tard Moon"
"The only acceptable Grumpy Cat shirt design"
"Leaving work on a Friday"
"Cool Koala's don't look at explosions."
"Deal with it"
"Deal with it"
"Shadow on clouds"
"Mount Ranier Casting a Shadow in the Clouds [3968 x 2232]"
"I present you the Mexican Twinkies. Submarinos"
"Whenever I hurt myself in front of my friends"
"Instantly what I thought when I saw this"
"The best workout."
"The Best Age Verification Test of All Time and It Also Depresses Me..."
"only 16 years or older"
"I love this."
"A blue dragon with its wings down. Life is awesome."
"Photo of Chicago taken from a beach in Indiana"
"cutest thing ever"
"Cuddling with his favorite teddy."
"First one!"
"The crowd  Whenever you failed to pull off a FATALITY at the arcade"
"Anarchy"
"When someone tried to budge you in the lunch line."
"What my essay looks like after a few hours on Reddit"
"Lol"
"Found while scouring. Can't wait for the real life Nyan Cat dreams to begin."
"SKRILLEX..."
"Skull kid"
"that ONE guy at the bar.."
"Casting for Leia in Star Wars 7 Revealed!"
"Casting for Leia in Star Wars 7 Revealed!"
"Something's moving inside my foot"
"Harry Potter Wants To Seduce You"
"Running in the 90s"
"Ban Floaties"
"This is how a shaved bear look like."
"Thought you guys would enjoy this (x-post from r/atheism)"
"Yes."
"Aww father and son bonding time!"
"When I discover my submitted post has a typo in it.."
"cutest bear attack"
"So damn cute!"
"Superteam Unite!"
"Speaking of things kids these days won't experience"
"Wolf fight"
"I found this on my old laptop  thought I would share."
"Pythagorean Theorem"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"I know its cliche  but everytime I hear Hurricane Sandy...."
"Amazing picture in Ireland."
"Me  when facing frontpage full of blue links"
"Little kitty loves the camera"
"I googled /r/WTF and... uh... here ya go."
"I googled WTF"
"This is why the universe is amazing."
"Derpy baby Hippo!"
"How I feel when i receive a single upvote.."
"Working Dog"
"How To Pick-Up Chicks"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"Splashing..."
"My future wife [NSFW]"
"\m/ (-_-) \m/"
"Mine and my friend's face during the last 30 minutes of The Dark Night Rises"
"Dafuq is that?"
"What is wrong wit..&quot;sigh&quot; oh Rihanna."
"The Manwich!"
"Seamless."
"Dog in a swing"
"Some people just need a high-five..."
"Give me that shit."
"You had ONE job  Michael! - Imgur"
"That seems about right."
"Depressed Cat Breading"
"Never pick dare."
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH"
"Anyone own this album? Thought the picture was great. Miles Davis - Bitches Brew [xpost from r/pics]"
"Do you want to know why I use comment jokes? Memes are too quick. You can't savor all the... little emotions."
"Gentlemen  I am a Banana"
"I heard we need more otters"
"Please tell me this isn't real!"
"I hate tacos..."
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful…"
"My boyfriend is new to Reddit. This is his account. I logged into it just to post this picture and get his sorry ass some karma."
"Fuck yeah  I love flowers!"
"Wish I could be as happy as this little guy."
"Fuck the Police"
"Fuck The Police: Frog and Toad Edition"
"300"
"Falcon Pu ..."
"Just a few guys doing the dishes"
"My buddy got a hold of a newspaper.."
"Pikachu got dem moves"
"Sweaty or..."
"im going to live in asia now"
"one tour guide one couple and two horses"
"When someone calls 'bullshit' on a front page post"
"Love this scene in Arrested Development."
"He knows his priorities"
"How to eat ramen like a boss!"
"How to eat Ramen like a Boss!"
"How I feel when I find out someone I know is a Redditor."
"When You Buy A Game And The Next Day It Goes On Sale"
"Waking Up And Feeling Like a Bad Ass."
"He also survived an alien invasion."
"Happy birthday Farrokh Bulsara/ Freddie Mercury. You will always be remembered."
"I am cornholio"
"You want to face the wrath of my bunghole?"
"Ed O'Neill has been reading the same newspaper for 20 years."
"Tommy Lee Jones Reaction..."
"Ed O'neill .. So clever. [Sorry if repost]"
"Worlds Most Accurate Pie Chart"
"Bet you can't guess who I voted for"
"4chan invents a unit of measurment."
"The path"
"Evgeni Dinev  Autumn Walkway  Poland"
"I think once was enough but okay it works"
"Magnetic Absorption [FIXED]"
"Dog's diary Cat's diary"
"It rained a little bit today... (I live in Las Vegas)"
"Hey Steve!"
"Found in a cafe."
"To an extent  she was asking for it."
"It's just a theory right?"
"You're welcome. (NSFW)"
"[porn] now that's what i call deep throat"
"Halloween costume: option 2"
"We cum in peace?"
"What I was expecting from NASA's Curiosity."
"Redditor places 6 yellow starbursts next to three opened packages to make it seem like he was shafted. All for that sugary karma goodness."
"Obama Unleashing The Sun During A Speech"
"KAME-OBAM-AH!"
"After Kayden Kross' AMA"
"So it's daylight savings time here in the UK tonight.."
"Douchebag level: Pug"
"As a programmer  this is how I feel at the end of the day"
"Are you messing with me?"
"can someone make this gif the same way it is without yolo at the end of it?"
"NORTH"
"Saw my first seahorse at the beach today"
"Saw my first sea horse today"
"Pull Harder!"
"Wanna see a magic trick?"
"It's Magic...."
"What I do when I drive up to a red light."
"Is she saying 'No' or 'Stop'"
"When you realize you open up the .gif every time you read a post here"
"Browsing r/WTF today"
"Was browsing through the Internet and found this"
"I've seen some weird things around here..."
"this just appeared on my news feed with the title - &quot;ENGLAND HOW ARE THE OLYMPICS&quot;"
"daaaaaammmmmnnnnnnnn(X-post from r/funny)"
"Sexy Feet"
"Calm down pussy"
"People are so stupid  why didn't they think of that?"
"Kitteh luhvs"
"Small Dog &amp; Horse"
"Well  okay then.."
"Seeing a spelling mistake in the title and clicking comments."
"My sister brought home her scumbag steve Boyfriend"
"The Real Passion of the Christ"
"How I feel trying to bang chicks that are taller than me"
"Just something to remember..."
"When people piss me off..."
"Spidey Bass Booming"
"Fuck yeah  cats."
"Fixer-upper."
"Romney misspells name in greatest Freudian slip of the election season"
"I think this is entirely appropriate considering the circumstances."
"What do you love? Romney spells it out for you  MONEY!!"
"Oh  the irony..."
"How I feel every time I browse the top reddits"
"Every time at the gym"
"Man throws acid on his wife's face and forces her to stay married to him."
"Kinda sad..."
"After debating the issue for a few seconds  Johnson decided that there was  in fact  nothing to do here. [X-Post from r/gifs]"
"Every time someone tells me nothing is going to happen to me but still fucking happens to me."
"Just came through in my Facebook news feed. Hopefully the internet won't break..."
"Monkey feeds tiger"
"So many Aww's"
"Ewok"
"When I see someone use 'your' instead of 'you're' incorrectly."
"How I am in class when I know the answer but I just answered the previous question."
"How I feel whenever my post gets no upvotes"
"Saw this and instantly face palmed."
"Found this on Facebook -_-"
"When the phone rings while taking a dump"
"Straight outta Chernobyl  Ukraine."
"Call me"
"Party hard!"
"How I feel on holiday weekends"
"Party Hard."
"One of the pains in my childhood.."
"HOLY SHIT NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Oh Japan."
"Virgins... [SFW]"
"We don't know  therefore Bombsite B."
"Heroes of Newerth in a nutshell."
"This costume takes some dedication..."
"I really hate some people"
"Redditing without realizing that you aren't logged in"
"What was that?! [gif]"
"My 2 pound kitten vs. my 100 pound dog"
"Colorado Springs  CO is on fire. 65mph winds blew it into the city today. Looked like Armageddon."
"NASA Mars Landing Reaction! (credit to sasgendo from Twitter)"
"Joy at its purest."
"Joy at its purest."
"Fuck yeah. We are NASA!"
"My reaction when Curiosity landed"
"My reaction when Curiosity landed"
"Excited Rocket Scientist"
"My fist attempt to work with a gif. Bonus: its also my reaction to the results."
"Eye see you."
"I don't even like Skrillex"
"Riker with it"
"Beard Power!!"
"When my new girlfriend asked me to shave my beard for her"
"That father-son relationship"
"I...I don't know what to say [NSFW]"
"So this popped up on my Facebook newsfeed...."
"We all hate the WBC so lets show them how much we hate them!"
"Canadian bike!"
"freaks me out every time I see this episode 0_0"
"He almost had it.."
"So much creepiness  so much wtf in this album cover"
"Fuck it  I'm out of here!"
"Well I guess I learned CPR wrong."
"Condescending Llama don't play that shit"
"First time making it to the front page  r/movie mod removes post."
"My favorite WTF gif from the collection"
"I hope you'll find this as useful as I have."
"The real Starfox"
"25 Self Portraits. 25 Different Drugs."
"Fantasy Football anyone? Wait... What?"
"No thanks  I'll use the trackpad."
"Double-click on NOPE."
"If it fits  it ships"
"Andy Dwyer: Shoe Shinist."
"I'll just sleep this one off here if you don't mind."
"When my Link is Downvoted Within the First 20 Seconds"
"You can't read it  but you can poke it"
"You can't read it  but you can poke it"
"A Species of Anemone"
"How to get karma on r/imgoingtohellforthis"
"This is what police cant undo.."
"Matrix Kombat"
"True friendship."
"Googled &quot;how to get karma&quot; not disapointed"
"Politics in China"
"How I feel when I hold the power button."
"my reaction when my bf said Mr.RPG wasnt photogenic"
"This is the ACTUAL all time top post in r/gif"
"Now I know y'all be lovin this shit right here."
"the future they said..."
"White proof"
"When my cellphone goes off and my mom goes to picks it up"
"Happy bday to me  myself and I."
"I googled &quot;What is Reddit?&quot; and this came up.."
"&quot;Nigerian Pickle boys.&quot;"
"My reaction to the Marquez vs Pacquiao decision"
"Warning label...like a boss."
"The Scariest Shoes of All Time"
"The suspect list for my recently stolen cell phone."
"How I feel when most of my friends are Republican while I am a Democrat."
"THIS FANDOM MLAS1 DERPYGATE EMOTES 20% COOLER BLANK POSTS FUTASHY HIGHEST FORM OF AUTISM MEMES /MLP/ CLOPPERS EXCLUSIVE LOVE AND TOLERANCE BRBRBRBRBRBRBRBR"
"Brush!"
"What reading everyone's political opinions have really taught me about the state of our country"
"its like wanting to crumble into more crumbs"
"Friend sent me this the other day  laughed way too hard"
"Is this in bad taste?"
"Humans."
"I created a reddit account today..."
"he's like nutella for your ears"
"What even."
"I'll never look at Full Metal Jacket the same way again."
"When you find out your crush has started dating someone else."
"Another Monday Morning"
"Walking into a room and forgetting what I came for"
"The Reddit elevator"
"I fucking lost it"
"HEY! I was driving that..."
"Bill Murray and Friends"
"The RZA  The GZA  Inspcetah.....Murray?"
"My favorite dancing gif."
"Who's unemployed now?"
"Tree Owl"
"Worst. Easter Bunny. Ever."
"ANDDDDDDDD You're down. [GIF]"
"Neat Nature Facts"
"What does Zoidberg need to do around here to get a little less eye contact?!"
"I'm just confused and worried"
"CAT IN THE HAT!"
"The Human Race's Last Hope"
"Rock Paper Scissors  extreme edition."
"This is what happens when I post to Reddit."
"How i feel downvoting the obama ama post."
"The scarred old king of the ocean."
"I'M NOT SAYING IT WAS CATS"
"Chuck Norris may have just lost some redditors' love..."
"poor chicky"
"How I let the ladies know I'm good in bed."
"Good lord  why would you ever willingly walk through this?!"
"Playing Counter Strike on a chinese server for the first time"
"A long exposure of Earth from the I.S.S by Don Pettit of NASA [pic] [x-post r/pics]"
"This is what my GF sent me when I told her I'd lose my eyebrows from the chemo"
"Skankin' Penguin."
"The Lovecraft"
"I find this more impressive than any skyscraper"
"10 yo boy is taken hostage in Rio de Janeiro"
"Shark Hole"
"bo$$"
"Damn nature  you scary!"
"Everyone when they are online"
"Do you even lift?"
"When a conversation with a female ends with &quot;I'll see you later&quot;"
"Small gradual changes I can believe in"
"Swtor bounty hunter typical armor."
"this is what happens to anorexics eventually"
"Slenderman is Living in the Sunlight"
"China's Abandoned Wonderland"
"Before heading over to a girl's place..."
"Accidentally stayed up watching The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo."
"Just like the forest fires he let happen."
"How I felt after taking a laxative for the first time."
"Watching porn... (SFW)"
"Whenever i watch porn with a plot."
"the urge to poop after eating Chinese buffet"
"My thoughts while graphing Parabolas."
"Just a little snake found in the jungle"
"Fucking. Brilliant."
"I've lost all hope for swimmers...."
"Outta my way!"
"Things that bother you  don't bother me...well...at times [first post]"
"Wonka told them not to chew the gum..."
"Iggy Pop has really let himself go..."
"My god  Iggy...what happened?"
"2 ( platypus + hat )"
"Baby polar bear  so adorable."
"Ridiculously Cute Bear"
"How I feel when I reach the bottom of the cereal box"
"Friend said he would get to level 90 without sleep even if he has to do drugs. This is what I thought of..."
"Still one of the best lines from The Office."
"Gale-Force Winds Directly to the Face"
"happy easter."
"Just the world's smallest monkey. Pygmy Marmoset."
"Gary Neville: Taking Things Too Far"
"First day in NYC."
"True nightmare @_@"
"Robin Skrilliams"
"The audience was bearly there."
"Can't imagine what he did to piss all these people off."
"It makes so much sense!"
"It's freeze  Jackie.."
"Sandy and Fibonacci are close friends"
"Civilized People Watching Fox News"
"When ever I see a slut make a facebook status about hating sluts"
"D-Day"
"Still better than I am at soccer"
"Things in Colorado have gone from bad to worse."
"How I feel browsing r/politics."
"This was on imgurs facebook page what in the actual F**K"
"Just a guy walking his pet."
"Like a sir"
"good comeback..."
"When You See It..."
"Saw &quot;two perfectly round circles&quot;  try FOUR"
"Light in slow motion almost looks like a loading screen..."
"Wow  everything is great..."
"If dogs could think"
"As foretold by the prophets: &quot;Everybody wants prosthetic foreheads on their real heads.&quot;"
"perfect first post"
"How I feel when my dogs devise an elaborate scheme to get into the food cabinet...."
"Does anyone else feel this way about the most awesome 30 seconds of fireworks you've ever seen?"
"I like to browse random subreddits  stumbled upon r/Islam. original post: &quot;how I feel about r/atheism attacking Islam&quot;. i feel like a horrible person for expecting anything less  and this post made me smile. Thank you reddit."
"Green."
"The circle of life.. who thought this was a good idea?"
"On the RARE occasions I catch a girl looking at me"
"This is the most WTF thing I've ever read"
"I honestly can't tell if this is erotica or not."
"Found this on Facebook. Wait till the ending..."
"While the rest of the world is making smaller  more fuel efficient cars  FORD does this"
"Kitty in a top hat"
"Well that escalated quickly."
"Saw this on Facebook. Seems legit."
"Facebook Post Enough Said"
"That's no place for you  kitty!"
"What happens when you put a mentos in a beer"
"Photobombing Jesus (FIXED)"
"Burn!"
"My friend just got a wiener dog..."
"Beautiful performer  Singer  and musician. Happy birthday  Freddie Mercury. Rock misses you."
"Science question"
"How I plan to make it through No Fap September (NFS)"
"My girlfriend went to a baby shower and brought back some chocolate. I can't eat it."
"choco-ginger"
"Split Screen Gaming. It's Serious Business."
"On reposts"
"[NSFW] Yep  Japan again..."
"My wife tells me I need to trim my eyebrows..."
"Too much cute"
"Spend Your Karma with Redditopoly!"
"for fuck's sake can someone please explain?"
"Vice-Bro Nominee"
"Sounds Legit"
"Me when I realize it's my cakeday at 11:50 PM"
"This little guy just loves laser pointers!"
"Saw this on my newsfeed. I thought it might be reddit worthy."
"Saw this on my newsfeed. I thought it might be reddit worthy."
"i searched &quot;reddit worthy&quot; on google..."
"Let's try some science!"
"When I'm with my girlfriend in front of her parents"
"the kilt wearers chair."
"Go back"
"Whenever I'm browsing r/new"
"Redditor Exercise Motivation: Take a Walk"
"Keep Out..."
"I'm a Sign"
"Miniature Chameleons Discovered"
"Planking Level: Marine"
"When I am dancing alone in my room."
"Watch out guys  this kid's got some moves"
"Watching the Big Bang Theory When..."
"John Fucking Kennedy"
"Angelina Jolie  obviously"
"&quot;SEEDS.... SEEDS!!!!&quot;"
"How I feel after I get an up vote"
"bath salts bunny"
"Ladies  hold your orgasms."
"Saw this on facebook and died laughing"
"im ze best water bender"
"And good morning to you  Senator."
"Mark Twain in Teslas workshop"
"Off the bed kitty!"
"OH FUCK HOLY SHIT JESUS CHRIST AAAAAAAH!"
"When my opponent miracles Bonfire"
"So many people losing weight! Though I applaud your hard work  this transformation only took me 2 days  and $1 479 013."
"Three words to live by."
"I hate reposts so here is some OC"
"There's always money in the banana stand"
"What I think about cakeday posts"
"El Flanders"
"Daft Flanders"
"Ooh  burn!"
"Another plausible Fox/Valve spin-off"
"Bad Luck Brian? Bad Luck Deer came first."
"I always knew reindeer existed"
"10 BEGINNER Questions for Dota 2"
"Scumbag Dolores Umbridge..."
"LED Zeppelin"
"R2D2 chick. Do want."
"This has gotten a bit out of hand…"
"Man  4chan is awesome.. Why don't I come here anymore?... Oh  that's why."
"Duties of a Khaleesi"
"Rest in Peace  you magnificent man. Micheal Clark Duncan dies at 54."
"IT WAS YOU!"
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"
"Bucket head has a bucket under his bucket."
"Bees!!!!!!!1"
"The Oprah's Bees GIF is great."
"Reddit today (minus Oprah)"
"BEES!"
"How I feel when I post something I think is interesting  but nobody else does."
"This is probably the best way to depict what it's like walking around my college campus in warm weather"
"Cool story  bro"
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"A Young Neil Degrasse Tyson"
"Beep Beep!"
"So...i typed in Wonton Soup on google images..."
"The brow can fly"
"All of Gandhi's possessions at the time of his death (x-post from r/minimalism)"
"This is what my classroom will turn into after my last final tomorrow."
"Dancing White Boy"
"A good coat for the loners"
"A jacket for the lonely"
"The ultimate forever-alone jacket was just released"
"I saw this gem on Facebook today"
"Well isn't that something else.."
"Why I fail at job interviews"
"Found this gem on my news feed"
"On second thought let's not get this clock... It is a silly walk."
"Snotty sneeze"
"Not sure who to feel more sorry for."
"Dude… Did you see that?"
"I know my dog does this everyday"
"Funniest gif in my folder"
"Me and Gordge..."
"Utter nonsense  but I like it."
"I was not prepared for how difficult this game was"
"got milk?"
"Disney Stewie"
"This made me laugh"
"RISE"
"This is awesome"
"Final Dark Knight Rises poster"
"Nokia jokes"
"GM's spin on the bailout..."
"Anyone with a late Friday class will understand."
"Dat Photoshop"
"Batman recalls his past"
"&quot;so my co-worker/friend/girlfriend said this GEM today&quot;"
"Amazing pole dancing skills"
"In the spirit of having something different on GifSound..."
"Asturias [Altered]"
"It took me far to long to put this together."
"Silly Stormtroopers"
"Whenever someone posts a stupid gif with the headline &quot;best. Gif. Ever.&quot;"
"How I feel when someone makes fun of me for watching Spongebob as an 18 year old."
"Not sure if re-post  but she nailed it."
"This gif basically sums up call of duty's online game chat."
"Am i doing this right?"
"Ninja Kitty"
"Happy Birthday you marvelous bastard."
"Came across this art titled &quot;Medieval Iron Man&quot; on a Facebook page (link in comments)"
"Nothing bad will happen.."
"What could possibly happen?"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Gangnam Style Cat"
"Gangnam Style Cat"
"Amazing skateboarder."
"Depth Perception [GIF]"
"Moms gone"
"My Precious"
"Voldecage"
"We don't speak his name..."
"Reddit Alien as an infinitely resizable vector image (SVG)"
"strawberry"
"Oppa Bengal Style!!"
"New fashion trend in Japan"
"this subreddit is pretty full of some"
"Troll face green peppers"
"Green pepper buddies are shocked"
"Ref gives Cowboys WR the banana peel"
"Ash and lightning above an Icelandic volcano"
"Just wow."
"In soviet russia we trap big fish for you."
"i shall play you the song of my people"
"When a fat person makes an excuse for their weight problem this is what I think"
"Returning to school after a month long break of staying up all night and sleeping till 2pm"
"too much swag"
"What I think of everytime someone says &quot;Swag&quot;"
"For my first cake day  my favorite gif seen on reddit so far"
"Cant handle it  CAN YOU!!!"
"Reading through my facebook news feed."
"Where do I find this prescription?"
"I have to have this shirt."
"So.... Is the middle picture his sexy face?"
"Long exposure shooting star"
"Amazing Shot."
"Father/son faceswaps are disturbing."
"Not sure whether to laugh or cry"
"Found This Face Swap on Google"
"No  no - THIS is how you use a Two Steps From Hell song."
"How I reddit while drunk"
"googled what reddit is was not disapointed"
"Don't... Move"
"it's called &quot;product placement&quot;"
"When I heard about Virtual Reality goggles that actually work"
"C'mon man! I just wanna party!"
"Every year my friend does a 'silly picture while on a roller coaster'. This year was by far his best."
"I don't really support Obama or Romney but I'd love to see this man run for president. Who's with me?"
"How I feel when something I upvoted in /new makes the front page"
"Something that has taken a year on reddit to learn..."
"The only picture of 9/11 from space."
"9/11 from space"
"Sex can wait."
"For the first time as a redditor  I have understood an inside joke (huh?) as it happened and not a day too late. This is how I feel"
"obama"
"Yes We Can"
"No thanks..."
"walter white downvotes (x-post r/breakingbad)"
"You asked for it"
"Freewill..."
"Googled What The Fuck  was not disappointed"
"Best oompa Loompa cosplay ever!"
"Ok  honey..."
"Fuck this area in particular"
"You will not escape my prison!"
"I knew it all along!"
"Crazy."
"When you click accidentally on an XXX link at work"
"Instant Karma"
"Hi Kristen Stewart"
"How to deal with break ups...."
"Ouch."
"I was playing guitar when my brother asked me to play some Nickelback"
"Weeeee!"
"Oh how wrong I was"
"How to pick up chicks."
"How to pick up chicks."
"How to pick up chicks"
"Normally I think they're delicious  but this just scares me..."
"Me when I only have a couple minutes left on break at work and a GIF is taking too long to load"
"When a video title says to wait for it..."
"The preface in a university textbook..."
"My response to nit pickers who ask why my socks don't match"
"When the recipe specify the cake taste better if stored in fridge over night"
"What have YOU done?"
"Wishes Denied!"
"How I feel when I downvote someone on their cake day."
"Daria costume."
"Truly Forever."
