"getting that first downvote on a new post"
"Isn't it nice when things just...work?"
"I told you  Don't touch my tail!"
"I'm not saying this game show is rigged... OK  maybe I am."
"I feel like it would be difficult even for a person of normal size to do this."
"Leighton Meester"
"Someone has adapted nicely to being FOREVER ALONE. [pic]"
"Selfie Level: Asian"
"Ms Independent.."
"Just taking a selfie..."
"Anyone else enjoy this game as much as I did?"
"I DON'T think that's what he meant..."
"Baby anteaters are possibly the cutest animals I've ever seen!"
"What's your favorite brand of rice  Spiderman?"
"Gets me every damn time!"
"oh fuck."
"Resistance having proved futile  I gave in and googled zombie bacon toaster cat"
"Am I the only one who feels this way toward &quot;tits&quot; meme?? NSFW"
"Just a pile of pennies"
"What actually happened..."
"A Proud Wife - edited (Once you see it...)"
"When I try to break the ice with a smooth joke"
"This will appease the great Willy"
"It'll be fun  they said"
"I'll see your craving for dead drinks and raise you drinks best forgotten!"
"She seems to live all over the country."
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"Awwww? More like Ahhhhhh!"
"New Wolverine reboot?"
"Wtf is wrong with you"
"I feel all squeamish now."
"I saw this beauty at West Edmonton mall. Only the classiest women in Edmonton!"
"Easily the most trippy gif I have EVER seen"
"What the hell."
"Need to be sexy  just add Hershey's syrup."
"STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM!!"
"Don't Get the Kitty! [450 x 331]"
"Freeze!"
"When a girl starts talking to me about her period."
"My favorite gif of all time"
"Just a death star tat on a star wars nerd chick! Possibly NSFW for you place of employment!"
"I found this today..."
"Oh shit  RUN!"
"Have you ever been so scared that... (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Perfect Reaction."
"Only when it's soft ;)"
"As a Muslim being in the USA on 9/11."
"GF of three years left me. So for my cake day  some Self Immolation suicide jump. [GORE]"
"Growin' Up (x-post from r/gifs)"
"My first Plague Inc run."
"I always knew it would end this way..."
"when my friends and i play Plague..."
"Seems legit"
"Victory!"
"it's inevitable with how hot it's been lately"
"This is the only productive thing I've done on my cake day."
"Doesn't apply to all atheists  but sums up r/atheism pretty nicely"
"When I find my real life friends on Reddit and look at their comment history."
"How I feel every time I'm invited to a &quot;Destination wedding&quot;"
"MFW I saw the Total Recall preview"
"When someone asks to borrow my cell phone."
"The reason I watch women's beach volleyball"
"Thuggin' Pigeons"
"unusual midget knockout"
"People just get dumber and dumber"
"Fuck it  i'm walking"
"This is what Diglett looks like when he's getting a blowjob."
"caterpillar?..."
"I said WTF? I laughed then went aww. I present to the world the Llamapillar!!!"
"How is your job?"
"I don't trust people who don't drink."
"You Suck!"
"JanSport fights back"
"This photo shits american patriotism."
"Autocorrect knows who its talking about"
"iPhones are getting smarter..."
"Reddit  I've never been so nervous in my life. Still can't push send...."
"Where can I buy this?"
"Dog flash drive [gif]"
"You are not going to believe what my dog did to my homework..."
"God Bless Vodka"
"The elegance of nature"
"Here fishie fishie..."
"The Pope on Atheism."
"obviously a good idea."
"Imagine strolling down the beach baring this...."
"Heard you like cats.."
"Can you repeat that?"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Ostriches gon' ostracize."
"I'm at a loss of words"
"Just a snowboarding ostrich."
"My first GifSound !"
"Too bad I wasn't there"
"The ultimate prank."
"Every time I watch a Fast &amp; Furious movie."
"How I feel about all these DOOMBA posts"
"Rose?"
"WTF Onion!"
"How would you feel?"
"Quality 4Chan [repost]"
"HUMAN...STAWP."
"really?"
"Asian Chick eating pussy (SFW)"
"There are no dives in soccer. (Only the chosen Redditors will see this  too big for Imgur  the rest of you: Bad luck!"
"I don't think words can describe."
"too much win for one picture"
"CAUTION: Tobacco can kill you"
"So tomorrow I'm leaving for 2 week trip with my family with absolutely no privacy. This is how I feel as a teenage male....."
"Whether it happens this election  or in 4 more years  how I envision Obama's last night in the White House"
"appreciating a good performance."
"The kid's little friend."
"Beard swap... wtf"
"Beard swap... wtf x/post from r/wtf"
"When I'm browsing the new queue"
"3D Street / House art"
"Breaking Good"
"So a guy walks in to a bar..."
"It would be funny if it weren't so tragic"
"Not sure whether to laugh or cry..."
"Kitty may have shifted during delivery."
"Here's your package sir."
"Holy crap this was a tough one."
"Would you rather..."
"Reddit users"
"Not sure if intentional entendre or..."
"So Sadly True"
"Bring it on  hurricane. [PIC]"
"As a Floridian  how I feel when people are freaking out about Irene"
"How I feel listening to new &quot;metal&quot; music."
"Fishing for bacon"
"Hot girl from school finally uploaded her beach bikini pictures to facebook."
"Today the girl I like asked me if I used Reddit"
"Seeing my front page after unsubscribing to r/atheism"
"Damn she's kinda cu---OH GOD!"
"My favourite gif by far"
"Yes  I'd like to order a pizza"
"Oh internet"
"It´s pizza time."
"He's the hero that all presidential debates needs."
"This has happened more then once to me!"
"The mental steps I take to prepare myself to ask a girl to come home with me..."
"My favorite gif"
"Powerpuff girls"
"Nice ra- wait what?"
"Me either  Ellen."
"The allegations of child molestation against MJ were false  and here's the proof!"
"How I feel as a FedEx driver who randomly picked September 21st as a day off 4 months ago."
"Great...now i'll think of this every time i get a cold"
"Matress sliding gone wrong"
"How all my posts to Reddit seem to go"
"Reverse christmas"
"In a parallel universe"
"It's that time of year again."
"Happy Holidays!"
"Backwards Christmas"
"My dad found the camera on the log ride at Sea World  then asked my stepmom and sister to ride with him."
"nah your fine"
"Timmy's dad always was my favorite"
"Christian friend shared this  thought is was hilarious."
"Some people have to deal with raccoons  some people.... not so much"
"Beard Leader  Standing By"
"X-Wing meets man"
"Only in Ireland"
"Ireland."
"Moses  you cunt."
"Mini bikes"
"This does not make me feel safe"
"Has anyone else noticed how creepy this sign is...."
"These are posted all over my city  The logo seems a little misleading"
"Mascot vs girl (animated gif)"
"I could watch this all day"
"SO CLOSE!!"
"I must go. My people need me."
"I ain't no bitch  I grow that hibiscus."
"If this doesn't get karma I quit reddit"
"Kitty cleavage"
"Perspective - The Future of Earth"
"Perspective - The Future of Earth"
"The future of our world"
"Thought r/aww could use some more baby dolphin"
"Baby dolphin. (FB)"
"The Growth of Walmart"
"Normal cat vs Expensive cat"
"If you were already too old for cartoons when Spongebob came out  you missed out."
"Hey  is that a quarter? Nope!"
"It's always good to give some perspective"
"On a safari in Tanzania and took this once-in-a-lifetime picture."
"... wat"
"They're both dead?"
"Our Hero?"
"What is this I don't even"
"Bad Customer Service"
"Shortest NBA player ever with one of the tallest"
"This made me laugh harder than I ever had before."
"How I react whenever I see a spider"
"I can't wait for winter."
"Ain't No One"
"Ain't no one."
"The story of a tiny hippo"
"Ain't no one"
"Hedgehog covered in bubbles"
"Just a hedgehog taking a bath."
"Bring home the bacon."
"Bacon  errrbody love it..."
"just some cute birds hangin' out"
"Cat Stache"
"They *actually* exist!"
"You know you felt this way when you first saw it."
"Where is Waldo......."
"How the fuck...!?"
"Penguin"
"It's simple  we kill the Batman..."
"Meow why so serious?"
"Meow so serious?"
"They're all saved"
"HAHA!"
"Todays Episode: 'Buster Visits a Chatroom'"
"Don't Forget..."
"A message from Carl Sagan"
"Well have you?"
"Chill  bitches  I got this."
"Get the fuck out of here!"
"Press 'X' to perform a hijack"
"Ironman"
"So much want!"
"tehe!"
"The most adorable thing I've seen in a while"
"hey...ummmm...."
"This picture makes me laugh every time."
"Ugly cat conversations"
"Tiny Hippo Comic reworked into a wallpaper."
"That's one way to get the message across..."
"Shitty photoshop for a shitty meme? (X-post from r/funny)"
"Oh...You're home early....."
"Busted !"
"Who remembers this gem?"
"I've had long hair for most of my life  and this is what I sent to my friends as soon as I cut it all off."
"Gabe during the Steam Summer Sale"
"Was riding my bike through the park when I noticed this guy..."
"Cute &quot;dancing&quot; polar bear"
"For each up vote I get I'll sit here like this while you think I'm donating to charity..."
"Panda Nap time at the Giant Panda Breeding Center in Chengdu  China"
"Why do we do anything?"
"First post."
"That shit is bananas"
"Venice beach  ca"
"Good times!"
"Need the restroom? awkward..........."
"No more chocolate milk."
"How I feel when I accidentally don't save my work on Microsoft"
"Watch it..."
"sucks to be that kid"
"Wait  what is it again?"
"Dragon Cat"
"Dracarys"
"Oh how I've missed you  darling!"
"Somebody thought of something dirty."
"He's trying to take off."
"Admiring.."
"Sean Connery: The Early Years"
"How to lose a girlfriend in 10 seconds."
"Live to See Another Day"
"What a jerk!"
"So close to a real conversation!"
"Environmental checkmate. Conceptual art using chess board. (x-post from r/chess)"
"nope nope nope"
"Walking your dog... you're doing it wrong."
"Not expecting that."
"[pic] Narwhal AND Bacon!"
"the narwhal bacons at midnight!"
"Pocket bacon narwhale"
"How accurate am I if I say your fear of clowns might possibly be sparked by this guy?"
"The most adorable baby pig"
"The joy! [NSFW]"
"Funniest thing I have seen all week - NSFW"
"Meanwhile  in Switzerland"
"Auschwitz personnel at a weekend retreat. X-Post from r/Historyporn"
"How I feel people are when all I see are cats on the &quot;New&quot; tab"
"Now that my friends are starting to have kids..."
"How i feel when people post pictures of their pets"
"Snow? or Bacon?....hmm"
"Freddie Mercury in a onesie + Cats = Karma"
"To the team that made Games for Windows Live..."
"To the asshole giving my little brother a bible instead of candy:"
"Hey Reddit! Today my account is this many years old!"
"He's small  cute and likes to cuddle."
"It will be fine x-post from gifs"
"I wish I could do this to some people around here."
"Bragging: A Physical Interpretation"
"This is oddly mesmerizing."
"Bunny bath"
"Bunny bathtime"
"Today you  tomorrow me"
"How I feel reaching my first thousand karma."
"Decided to take bong rips after a long tolerance break"
"Just one more paycheck."
"My GPS is Jesus Christ. (not mine  so maybe a repost  but I laughed and thought some others might also)."
"Don't be racist! Be like Mario."
"Don't Be Racist!"
"Exactly"
"My favourite hipster edit."
"How I feel when I get home after a long day and realize I'm out of beer"
"When I came home early from work and walked in on my parents getting busy.."
"Hey  reddit! What's the source of this gif?"
"Watching my sister use Bing while using Internet Explorer"
"Oh God  Oh Man  Oh God!"
"Finding out it's your Cakeday without preparing anything good to post..."
"Ginger freckles braid."
"Effective Lawn Gnomes"
"Go home boat  you're drunk."
"The one true fact of this universe."
"Thanks  Captain."
"OMG pasta"
"I love this."
"Whew! that was close!"
"She's mine"
"~14.5 years of Steam service. Anyone else got more than me?"
"I like Pizza (from fb)"
"NEW Panoramic Photo of the Gorgeous Martian Landscape!"
"NASA's new mars images [imgur]"
"Judge me by my poop  do you?"
"The Force is strong with this one"
"Ha! Ha!"
"That's racist!"
"Welfare"
"Lobstercycle"
"As long as you are quiet  this is perfectly acceptable."
"Oh hey there puppy"
"A friend of mine postes this on FB. (Aberdeen  Scotland)"
"So somebody in my hometown decided to stick their head in a bin..."
"When my post gets an upvote"
"Everytime I go to r/gonewild"
"How I feel every time I go on /r/GoneWild"
"Anne Hatha...wait you're not cat woman?"
"I offer no explanation"
"Urinal Defecation Device"
"Brilliant! (xpost /r/funny)"
"Power of the Upvote"
"Nickel for every time this has happened to me"
"WTF OP"
"Yes  this is a repost. Yes  I have a good reason"
"will this get me banned from /r/Pyongyang"
"I think someone's marketing skills might need some work."
"Creepy ad"
"It's my cakeday?"
"Reasons to put spiderman in the avengers 2"
"Breakdancers..."
"When browsing reddit and I fail to notice that a link is [NSFL]"
"What it's like to be an atheist who listens to country music."
"When I silently let out a fart in public  only to realize that it smells god-awful"
"Justice!"
"Because this is a huge problem."
"This is a toughie!"
"When my post goes below zero karma."
"Spongebob: I need water  sandy. Hurricane sandy"
"This guy has the best shirt ever!"
"Adaptive Optics Laser &amp; the Milky Way"
"Scientists fired a laser from the the Paranal Observatory into the center of the Milky Way. We are living in the future."
"Snug as a bear in an omelette!"
"Happy hamster is happy"
"Happy hamster is happy"
"Bob Ross + baby raccoon"
"Taking a drink"
"Mila Kunis (I'm totally not whoring for karma.)"
"Dat Tattoo"
"I'll vote for the man with some style!"
"Realizing...."
"Realizing..."
"I laughed a little too hard"
"How I felt while Reddit was down."
"Dog logic"
"No. No. He did what?"
"This dog is cooler than your dog"
"every day he relives his birth"
"My girlfriend is trying to convince me to shave my head  so I turned to Google Images for help. Didn't disappoint."
"Motion capture magic."
"Breaking Bad and Adventure Time mashup"
"Fuck yeah  an albino crow! (And not JUST the crow  there's a fence post!)"
"Every Time I See a Hot Girl.."
"That's the spirit"
"The original OAG"
"Throwin' Hunnids"
"What it feels like to follow any drawing tutorial."
"Why I hate buying &quot;How to Draw&quot; books."
"Was replaying Half Life 2 when I noticed Alyx also kicks it old school."
"That you Nic?"
"Evolution"
"When someone tries to insult me."
"Tru Dat"
"Bing!!! - Imgur"
"4chan caught someone censoring Google Street View  covering up something really weird."
"Gay marriage and liberalism: A WARNING!"
"Old pic  but still mesmerizingly beautiful."
"Seriously?"
"Worked there for awhile now  still don't understand why"
"I don't get it... Things on the front page are what reddit likes the most!"
"Git meow skank on!"
"I'm sorry  Spiderman!"
"I'm so sorry I did that to you! Are you ok??"
"Bu-But I love spiderman"
"Columbine Class Photo of '99. Find Eric and Dylan."
":|"
"The cat is the boss [GIF]"
"The fuck was that?"
"When the waiter walks by with something better then what you ordered"
"How much pain can you take... maybe?"
"How I feel when I downvote something into negative points."
"Forgot your Windows 98 password? No problem."
"How I feel after freeing up hard drive space"
"Like a boss!"
"spongebob squarepants kids reaction"
"bears acting italian"
"Good Guy President"
"Derpin around on facebook when this pops up..."
"And that's the show folks  thanks for coming"
"Christmas vandalism"
"Vandalism gold."
"As I understand it first post should be a good post  so I give you this"
"&quot;Is this the Krusty Krab?&quot; &quot;No  this is...&quot;"
"James Holmes' makes his first court appearance."
"Surprise Spidey [FIXED]"
"How I feel playing sports nowadays..."
"Tropical Storm Leslie just hit my town  the owner of this car is one unlucky man"
"Ladies and gentlemen  I present  the scorpion fly"
"My friends profile picture on Facebook."
"Ctrl + Alt + Down"
"My favorite picture of Blake"
"Godspeed You! Black Emperor - Kitten Tickle!"
"I will never eat this again!!!"
"This is really what this subreddit needs!"
"oh!!!... you want to internet?... let me give you hand."
"Macrodactyly hand."
"yoiu thohnk ypour hamdsz are meissed upp?? chec k fthfis oyt!"
"My mom asked me for a &quot;formal picture&quot; of my one month old baby  I sent her this one"
"It always looks so good in the ads..."
"Science  you're doing it wrong."
"Classiest Tattoo there is. [FIXED]"
"Missed my cake day by one day. This is how I feel seeing other redditors having a lot more karma than me."
"If ezio was a girl"
"Damn  white people."
"I accidentally found this .gif"
"Still my Favorite gif of all time"
"White people!"
"you had ONE job..."
"The Empire Strikes Back - Filming of the Opening Crawl"
"Filming the opening crawl for The Empire Strikes Back"
"Ultimate Herpic soccer face off..."
"My 2 year old loves the show. I wish this book were real."
"I know reddit loves kittens  how does it feel about baby Kongorooos?"
"That Dark Souls wall finally came down."
"Splayd"
"Please forgive me"
"Ooopsie"
"Laaaaaaaaaaadies..."
"Friend of Mine's GF Likes to Mess With His Dog and This Is All I Could Think of When I Saw it on FB."
"It's shit like this  Indonesia!"
"Farms In Asia?"
"Wait for it."
"They hold hands to keep from floating apart while sleeping"
"Sea Otters holding hands so they don't drift apart"
"Wait a minute..."
"Mid-feline crisis"
"My cat Luna demands her treats  and when she doesn't get them she get very angry."
"I've just finished ADWD."
"Holy crap! Amazing pencil lead art."
"I went on spacedicks for the first time today..."
"This is the first time this man has ever seen his 3 week old daughter. He's looking at her like she was the most beautiful thing on earth."
"This photo is my inspiration for living."
"Good enough for me"
"My cat lives a tough life...."
"Found this on my Facebook feed. Xd"
"How I feel when I get home late"
"Super derp"
"ERMAGERD!!!"
"Cat Maze [FIXED]"
"Every time I try to take a photo..."
"When you think a post is going to hit the front page but it just gets 1 comment and a lonely upvote"
"Fn Mouse"
"Mickey Phuckin' Mau5 [FIXED]"
"My reaction when I heard a guy was gonna jump from space"
"25 years of Zelda"
"Was bored in class so I drew this"
"Tomorrow the suspense is broken..."
"Watermelon"
"Racist pics get me every time"
"Brought to you by the Corn Refiners Association"
"All hotels should look like this...."
"Seems familiar(x-post from r/pics)"
"Got her mid yawn [X-post from /r/PerfectTiming]"
"My Sad Reality."
"Every-time..."
"I'm... FABULOUS!"
"this is how i die"
"How my first Threesome looked"
"Look at this dog..."
"I never knew it was possible"
"Are you fucking serious?"
"OCTOMOLE!"
"Me after seeing my post on the front page."
"Lemme suk yo diq."
"Sarlacc or Leather Back Sea Turtle?"
"Every time someone talks about banging my mother  this comes to mind"
"Every time someone talks about banging my mother  this comes to mind"
"The Mouth Of A Leatherback Sea Turtle... WTF"
"Lighting bolts going into the city."
"How I feel after getting only one upvote on my cakeday post."
"How I feel about all of these &quot;I used to be {faith}  now I'm an atheist&quot; stories ..."
"I could stare at these all day ;)"
"Awwww ... So cute. A Lion Hug"
"They're not the best but...."
"swing  and a miss"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! [x-post r/funny]"
"My Precious"
"I have something for you..."
"No longer will I have to worry about my hair getting in my food while I eat!"
"Do i always look that angry?"
"Comical/Satirical Screens from Plague Inc...."
"Found this with my friend at 4 in the morning. I almost pissed myself laughing."
"Oh  man this is creepy."
"That's not funny"
"Moses was a jerk"
"Searched 'Murica&quot; and thought reddit would approve"
"How Could You Hurt It?"
"Forever Alone Level: Moose"
"Number 5 is ALIVE!"
"Curiosity self portrait."
"The amount of destruction in this gif is truly beautiful"
"DISRESPECT YOUR SURROUNDINGS (xpost /r/gifsound)"
"&quot;Middle finger to the law  nigga  grippin' my balls&quot;"
"Always makes my day a little better."
"Pastor Tom Tate and his congregation deserve a round of applause."
"I'm flattered. Keep it up Christians."
"Good Guy Church?"
"I laugh every time"
"Why cookie monster can't watch porn. (SFW)"
"He's afraid..."
"Looks like its foot o'clock"
"O_O"
"Wrong hole  luv."
"So that's what really happened to him..."
"If only"
"Every time I go on Reddit before bed."
"Anyone know the aftermath of this incident?"
"Favorite gif in all of the internets"
"I think this way too often"
"My response when someone asks me if I can get laid.."
"Shut up and take my money!"
"A water droplet in front of a map"
"My favorite photo. Simply amazing."
"Richard Pryor explains the crucifix."
"Hey this cd looks....whoa....wtf?!"
"How I feel when I get upvoted out of negative downvotes."
"What I've learned from contributing to reddit."
"There's no escaping for him"
"He was Jesusing"
"Jesus diving into a pool."
"It isn't easy being Jesus."
"How I feel after submitting what I thought was karma gold."
"So I'm home alone this weekend..."
"What I imagine is going on in /r/nothin"
"The Incredible Dump"
"When I try to explain what Cake Day is to someone who is not a redditor."
"Parkour."
"Everytime i try to do parkour."
"Fucking parkour!"
"Cakeday! so here is some IRL Lion King business"
"A wild Snorlax appears!"
"As a butcher in a supermarket.."
"My Parents Were Murdered In An Alley"
"How I imagine Redditors spend their free time (FIXED)!"
"I don't see the big deal"
"How i prepare for hurricane sandy"
"BASEBALL"
"decided to edit this classic"
"Saw this on facebook today"
"Poor Metapod..."
"Wtf Target?"
"Not sure if awesome..."
"So I searched thing old rich people like for a project and this was the first result. (NSFWish)"
"iPads"
"Hoping this body modification isn't a new trend.."
"LOL TITS!!11 (crosspost /r/funny)"
"The Lieutenant Dan cat."
"No Fucks Given: Level - Tesla"
"Saxtrap(x-post from r/gifsounds)"
"This cat does not look very happy..."
"The March of Tyranny"
"The March of Tyranny"
"To celebrate this year's Reddit Birthday I think I'll host a dinner. I'm thinking maybe hotdogs and a side?"
"Well fucking played..."
"March of the Gangsta"
"Ama Policeman"
"After deactivating my Facebook account"
"Hang Son Doong Cave  Vietnam"
"English Badass"
"Hurricane Sandy tore up a lot of sidewalk around here. My friend got some footage from one of the spots."
"When I saw that the freecreditreport.com band was back."
"Ermahgerd"
"Ermahgerd"
"I just moved from the city to a 10 acre lot in the country"
"Sleeping in a king sized bed for the first time."
"How i feel after switching from a twin to a queen bed..."
"The feeling of being downvoted [xpost from r/pics]"
"Umm...excuse me that's mine."
"Emma Watson"
"My reaction when someone asks me to help them with their homework"
"When someone says Cod is a realistic military shooter"
"Whenever someone invites me to play any sport requiring physical activity"
"Rock Art."
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this"
"Came across some very good advice"
"When I finish a paper for class the next day"
"What is this  I don't even"
"0 fucks were given."
"High five!"
"What is this sorcery?!"
"Dafuq?"
"And now we wait..."
"Ash is a Badass. (X-Post R/Funny)"
"Bring back an old meme?"
"How I feel when a post is a long Facebook message"
"Every time I pause to look at the beauty of Dark Souls..."
"I think they're just grasping at straws at this point."
"My favourite gif [Repost]"
"How I imagine Christians who try to start arguments in r/atheism"
"&quot;what is this 'Slender' game people keep talking about?&quot;"
"Double Ow."
"Yep dats an exquisite ass"
"I got balls of steel"
"I got balls of steel"
"I ventured far into the weirdest part of the internet I have ever seen!"
"Turn out that light!"
"My reaction when Reddit went down the other day"
"For god's sake  blow out the shot first!"
"Oddly enough the guy with the beer is the most interesting person in this picture."
"Fight or ice cold beer? You have chosen wisely."
"This picture has to make you smile"
"Easily the happiest man in the room."
"So  these exist..."
"Told my gf a joke mid-drink"
"Laser-eyed flying bears? What?"
"Da bears"
"Game set and match Leo."
"I'm on top of the world!"
"NOW KITH"
"This is a title."
"What History Channel's Sturgis week ad feels like. With Pickers (find old crap) and Pawn Shops (sell old crap)"
"How I feel trying to utilize my reddit birthday for cheap karma"
"How I feel on Google today"
"I just got Civ V. I have never played Civ and didn't bother with a tutorial."
"When my girlfriend asks me to give her a massage."
"Trying to buy a present for a female"
"Ah  young love."
"The Last Supper [FIXED]"
"why 9gag really exists"
"Pokemon Terminology of Mitt Romney and Ryan."
"To Serve Mankind"
"I  well  uh... yeah I don't know what's going on here."
"I can show you the world (not mine)"
"Dragonfly"
"So this showed up on my feed"
"Texas"
"Shit's on fire  yo"
"Shit's on fire  Yo!"
"Candy Cigarette"
"Deal with it"
"Godzilla's thoughts on Japan"
"I have never seen my cat look so concerned. I waited 3 months before I felt I was worthy of sharing this photo."
"#1 reason to not pass out at a party...#1!"
"OP will surely deliver"
"Well that must have sucked.."
"Swanson Pyramid of Greatness"
"the ears"
"The Arab Street Reacts..."
"Vacuum Cat"
"Most Christians on the Bible"
"how i feel as a former catholic around my family during easter when they quote the bible and refrain from eating delicious meat"
"My class after being asked about summer reading."
"[First] I'm... not sure about this one."
"How I feel every monday"
"Why men should fap."
"One of my friends posted this on Facebook. Had a good laugh."
"How I react whenever anyone links to /r/spacedicks"
"I accidentally hit a link 10+ pages deep with RES"
"When I click a NSFW that ends up being gore..."
"Put $10 into a slot machine today  turned it into $162 this is how I feel right now."
"How did she make the sign?"
"Melon Dragon? (x-post from /r/funny)"
"These 2-12' subs go hard!!!"
"I had fun once  it was awful."
"Best come-back ever."
"Don't fuck with this guy"
"How I feel whenever someone makes a clever joke at my expense"
"And now for the talent portion..."
"Ballerina"
"eyes wtf"
"Got something in your eye [FIXED]"
"how i feel after a long week at work... now  if i could only look that cute feeling that way."
"Me after seeing the same .gif on my front page 3 days in a row"
"How I feel when I sense an argument with my girlfriend coming..."
"*EDIT* Shaved Alpaca. The longer you look  the funnier it gets. [PIC]"
"so my boyfriend just sent me this"
"What a cute little guy!"
"Ray Romano better watch his back."
"Sad but true"
"All I see on Facebook lately..."
"Found on Facebook. I think this post gave me cancer."
"Seriously? 128 000 people liked on FB"
"No clue."
"Shampoo [Fixed]"
"My favorite part of today's jump"
"Someone posted this to Morrison's Facebook timeline saying that he found a frog on their salad."
"Why I practice safe sex."
"Guilty cat.."
"You need a hug? I give you a hug!"
"In-N-Out."
"Hot Red Head Loves It!"
"Friend left his iPhone unattended..."
"They say romance is dead"
"LAY'S® Classic Potato Air"
"Fucking potato chip bags.."
"are you sure about this?"
"Left or right brained? [gif]"
"I knock over the neighbor kids and hump them."
"Pedodog"
"Morning Dew [pic]"
"Jeweled"
"Spending too much time online?"
"Not to get technical..."
"After playing Skyrim for months on ps3 and then getting it on pc"
"We've all had those moments..."
"&quot;I was not able to reattach the TOP half of her body to the BOTTOM half of her body.&quot; ... He was  however  able to throw something together."
"Seattle Space Needle troll"
"Arctic Fox!! [x-post from pics]"
"Artic Fox Puppy"
"Any time my teacher goes into detail"
"I love the design of these stairs and how they incorporate a wheelchair access ramp."
"Every time I say the word &quot;concur&quot;"
"Two meerkats fighting for the spot light"
"What I look like in clubs."
"Every time my cat walks in my room..."
"MFW our hotel room got upgraded to a Penthouse for free."
"As soon as I finished manually installing the cache and heard the log-in screen music"
"well then"
"Pretty much sums up my church"
"Dinosaur Rave"
"The Beatles In 1957"
"This picture always makes me happy."
"Why not Zoidberg?"
"So do I Darth  so do I."
"The infinite number of Words I could say about this."
"Guy lights his crotch on fire"
"In Canada  moose hunts you."
"What happens in Canada stays in Canada..."
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"Going to get a fish just for this."
"This just makes me nervous"
"Someone has vanity issues."
"Booth. John Booth."
"Too soon?"
"Ah  so THAT'S who killed old Honest Abe..."
"John Wilkes Booth was just a cover story"
"Too soon? (Bond vs Lincoln)"
"May the force be with you"
"Escape the f***ing Friend Zone"
"Must.concentrate."
"never trusting children again."
"When someone else gets lots of upvotes for something you posted first"
"damn"
"Muthafucka!"
"FLYNT THE PIMP FLOSSY"
"It always sounds like an audience cheering for me."
"Hot  juicy and tasty...(NSFW)"
"How to get a Redditor in bed with you"
"Bacon In the North."
"First official image from the new Wolverine film."
"I like to move it move it!"
"&quot;Your love is my only desire..&quot;"
"Waking my wife up in the morning with hopes of a BJ before work (SFW)"
"To anyone posting about the White House's response to the Death Star petition"
"My friends and me at a club."
"Oh Grandpa..."
"Derpette In Real Life"
"Ladies and gentleman  my bestfriend."
"My Little Pony WTF"
"how lovely"
"The 4chan childrens book"
"Jesus vs Dragon"
"The Dark Knight Rises: what my broke friends and I will look like this weekend."
"Mrs. Butthead"
"Found on fb"
"Goodbye cruel world: xpost from r/pics"
"What a great way to bring in business..."
"Browsing /r/new"
"Whenever i see the &quot;we don't have a horse. We have a chevy&quot; joke in the Dark Shadows trailer"
"Need more badges."
"Just missed my cake day  so here's a very black man"
"I bet you do buddy  I bet you do."
"Wizards did it"
"Puppy tastes lime"
"How I look when I'm going down on my girlfriend. (SFW)"
"Just a puppy... and a lime"
"Cutest looking feet!"
"Whenever I Come Across a Long Text Post Without a TL;DR"
"Shit free refills"
"Not bad."
"Everyday. at work."
"Dat Ass"
"Naming Your Rival"
"How it feels when someone comments on your post that has already gone into the negatives."
"Favorite show (top gear) with just a dash of Mario kart"
"Who's Absorbent and Yellow..."
"Ey Ey Captain"
"OAG's One Night Stands"
"I have the best idea ever"
"Laugh you lose thread on 4Chan...i lost"
"Bad puns are the best (Spoiler:Christopher Walken)"
"WTF"
"Happy Halloween From Australia [Fixed]"
"When I look at a girls butt and then look up to see her face."
"College Bingo!"
"This is how I spend most of my classes"
"fuck"
"How to get to your destination"
"How i feel living in the UK and having to wait till the 21st for Borderlands 2"
"It makes me sad people watch shit like this"
"Seriously America.."
"Idea  Reddit. Target  Girlfriend. Execution  Flawless. Thank you Reddit!"
"With Goddamn Katans!"
"If Obama and Romney swapped hair....."
"pickolas cage"
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip. [Fixed]"
"fuck cops"
"FUCK THE POLICE"
"Renee Zellweger"
"A majestic creature known as the Maned Wolf"
"Nice ass!"
"a lab-grown Bismuth crystal"
"GTA 4"
"I don't always comment on Reddit"
"On my FB feed: &quot;Ok  so I had been holding &quot;it&quot; until I found a stall and I went to reach for the TP and I see this.......&quot;"
"I want to play a game..."
"How it feels opening reddit in the morning."
"A Perfect Combination"
"I'd like to thank my 1st grade classroom and this game for introducing me to computer games. [FIXED]"
"Besides the &quot;Cum Box&quot; this is probably one of the funniest/best proofs I've ever seen on Reddit."
"Ding Dong.....OH MY GAWD...phew"
"When I try to light up a joint in private at a party"
"memes"
"scissors"
"Petting Zoo [xpost from r/standupshots]"
"The Fast and the Furious: Polio Drift"
"best shirt ever  or best shirt ever?"
"My spaghetti is dry."
"catching up with reddit in the morning"
"I got this!"
"Fucking Incredible!"
"Mesmerizing"
"Igloo Village  Finland"
"Skrage"
"dont tell them pandas to smile"
"OHFUCK!"
"Coked up Kids"
"Seems legit"
"&quot;Whose Line Is It Anyway?&quot;: Fun for all the family."
"Smart Boy."
"Spiderman on hats"
"Racist Downey Jr"
"Probably my favorite face-swap"
"EGAD!"
"To all the Redditors with annoying Fundie Facebook friends"
"Guy messes up neatly organised display and then claims to have organised it by inverting photograph order for that candy-coated karma."
"There  I fixed it [fixed]"
"I don't want to work."
"Bohemian Rhapsody (not just Fanta Sea)"
"Glorious"
"A truly WTF tattoo"
"Worth a good laugh"
"The Most American Picture I Could Find"
"Pudding"
"How I feel when I downvote someone."
"&quot;Put your hood on son&quot; &quot;okay&quot; &quot;NOT LIKE THAT&quot;"
"Bullies"
"How I feel every time I log onto r/politics"
"Derp"
"Taylor Swift's Promise"
"A college football game has never mattered as much as it does now"
"If only this was real"
"Four of the top five posts on the front page are about cats  i've seen enough"
"Checking my finals grades on the internet"
"ART"
"The evolution of Link's swords."
"Pit bull puppy bubble bath"
"Osama bin Laden in Sweden during the early 1970s. Note the bell bottoms."
"The Last Caticorn"
"saw the unicorn cat product on the frontpage and tried to find it using google....."
"Gives a whole new meaning to Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"When your really innocent friend says something sexual"
"When my innocent friends says something sexual"
"Be Calm"
"Keep Calm"
"Reddit of the sea"
"How I bet people truly feel when they repost and it makes the front page"
"This is finally it guys..."
"Without a doubt  my favorite .gif"
"Alien vs. Predator"
"Just a scenic Sunday drive... wait  what?"
"Stop Hitting Yourself"
"He's beaten the system."
"They were so innocent..."
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Abandoned Mill from 1866. - Sorrento  Italy"
"Red panda used headbutt... super effective."
"Josh Romney as seen on r/pics (bigger picture)"
"Found a gif of a cat bugging out  so I gave him a guitar."
"Coming home from a vacation after not fapping for a week"
"Stop drinking from the FUCKING jug."
"milk  it does a body WHAT THE FUCK"
"milk bukkake"
"When my posts on r/militaryporn were removed by the mods because i didn't put the resolution in the title"
"my posts have been doing so bad that im beginning to think upvotes look like this"
"Turns out the restoration was more accurate than we all thought"
"On the homefront"
"How to assassinate a bodybuilder (x-post from /r/bodybuilding)"
"Pimp Smack"
"Sinister Cow"
"The power of cropping a photo"
"Here we go!"
"The time has come"
"Here we go guys.."
"Whelp  here we go..."
"good guy dry cleaner"
"Sleepy"
"Dog in class"
"Dog in class"
"I can't even hold my feelings for this lion"
"MADventure Time!"
"What I imagine it's like driving in New Zealand."
"How Apple execs must feel during a conference"
"What's a guy gotta do around here to download some sperms into some butts?"
"How I feel when a new post of mine is downvoted"
"Its my real life bday so I'm bringing one of my faves"
"Couldn't stand for ten minutes because I was laughing so hard"
"hey cat!"
"Obama  some weed and a bald eagle."
"Knock Knock"
"There's no way like the American way"
"Best. GIF. Ever."
"My vote for best gif ever. [X-Post from /r/pics]"
"Go ahead  call him Creepy or Condescending."
"After one year  I present to you my favorite GIF."
"wombo combo!!"
"It's my time to shine!"
"I told him no  I think he is trying to me something..."
"I wonder where this friend will end up..."
"So he'll take my physics exam for me? Awesome!"
"Family .gif-ture."
"Crawl so hard"
"How I feel after lifting some weights at the gym."
"What it's like submitting a serious post that ends up making it to the front page."
"When some one has over 3000+ upvotes on the front page"
"I found two manly men in Parks and Rec"
"I intend to spend the next 4 months working on this. Halloween  you're mine this year."
"Redditor buys 4 checkered shirts  arranges them in order of square size  and hangs them that way in a thrift store. All for that cotton-pressed karma."
"Im guessing he's muslim"
"Christina AguilerAHHHHHHOMG"
"1 down  98 to go."
"Knowing There's A Guy Out There That Looks Like This While Up Voting"
"Oh  youtube..."
"Resident evil XXX edition"
"Sword fight with flaming swords"
"I'm not sure what it is  but I wanna do it."
"Use other door."
"I'll wait here"
"Unleash your inner sadist..."
"Just another day at the park"
"Where do Americans fit in?"
"Canadian Standoff (x-posts r/canada)"
"So this started out as a small project  then &quot;exploded&quot;"
"MEANWHILE IN SAUDI ARABIA"
"Messi at the airport in jeddah-Saudi Arabia"
"Messi just arrived to the airport in saudi arabia (Argentina VS Saudi Arabia)"
"Whenever I pretend to pay attention."
"Coitus"
"Flamingo Impersonator [fb]"
"Incredible photo of the Puyehue volcano eruption"
"Fire in the sky"
"The precise manner in which I am treated by Reddit."
"Hey Tim."
"Gandalf"
"Spiders fleeing to trees and creating webs in them during the 2010 flooding in Pakistan"
"Let me just fix that(fixed)"
"Spy kitty"
"Army cat."
"This guy has GOT to be a redditor."
"Just Shaq holding a panda."
"...and you have my banana!"
"Whenever I'm Lord Eddard Stark and am offerred a piece of fruit in place of weaponry"
"Pug Life"
"Request: 1680x1050"
"Mitt meet Elamo's gang."
"I don't even..."
"Shady's back  tell a Zebra"
"Surely you will smile"
"Amazing Zebra"
"When I see a &quot;keep off the grass&quot; sign"
"Dragon groove [Fixed]"
"DragonGroove [Fixed]"
"Every time I see an Old Navy commercial on tv..."
"What I feel like after talking religion with my mom"
"Redditors across the globe during the recent downtime."
"I came home today only to discover that I had missed my cake day."
"When my posts get buried before even getting any karma"
"Damn you Quaker man!"
"Googled seahorse and got this.."
"Oh internet explorer..."
"I'll beat a motherfucker..."
"Oh facebook y u so funny"
"I told everybody I was really good at high jump. I lied."
"Just Patrick doing his thang."
"In case of riot."
"You may now set your computer on fire"
"Hello?"
"Hello? Is it me you're looking for?"
"Never Forget &lt;3"
"Are you afraid of.."
"The circle of life"
"Circle of life"
"My Aunt posted this on Facebook  I didn't have the heart to tell her that we actually have proof that water exist."
"The cookie cutter shark - known for biting neat round chunks of tissue out of it's victims. Ew."
"I present to you the Cookie Cutter Shark"
"Make me a sandwich...."
"Let's have a beer at the Oktoberfest they said..."
"This is just too painful to watch..."
"When my girlfriend asks me &quot;Who's the better cook  me or your mother?&quot; in front of my mother..."
"How I feel about the American dream"
"How I felt after hearing that Disney bought out LucasArts."
"It was a simpler time."
"Well my girlfriend just discovered my Reddit account..."
"Well... at least other parts of my childhood are still intact"
"Moving into a new apartment"
"Ruined childhood  Blue´sclues."
"Russia"
"When the sun has been on one side of my face for an hour."
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe..."
"i don't blame you"
"i don't blame you"
"A car my friend saw in a church parking lot"
"Xbox Live"
"I am Skeleton Jelly."
"Back to our roots? Skeleton jelly."
"Come on Facebook!"
"Come on Facebook!"
"As the oldest in my family  I can testify to this."
"How I feel when I open the jar without my boyfriend's help..."
"How I felt trading my Honda Civic for a Suburban."
"We're a bunch of dicks."
"Just an idea I found on r/funny."
"Tall Order!"
"Llama ~~holding on for dear life~~ surfing."
"Pokemon Centers."
"Mind blown. I love you  Pixar. - Imgur (Imgur Roulette)"
"Best troll gif"
"Just realized today's my cakeday. An oldie but a goodie. For when an upvote just doesn't really do it justice."
"Candy cigarretes"
"I got 3 of them wrong  they're all so hot!!"
"ERMAHGERD  URM SWURMIN"
"&quot;Hey man  I'm just gonna sit here  hope you don't mind&quot;"
"I thought setting club music to it would make it less scary"
"This is how Reddit should imagine OAG"
"Teacher asks you to pair up with a partner for a project. You look at your friend like this:"
"Best prank"
"I think we can all agree who our real God is"
"How I feel browsing Reddit early in the morning"
"Was failing repeatedly on one level  this made me feel better"
"Just looking at this hurts"
"I want a photo of myself just like this"
"I want a picture just like this for myself"
"Has anyone seen this Tortoise?"
"Man's Best Friend."
"In honor of the newly proposed revisions to the copyright act"
"My response to every single comic/picture about 9gag"
"Tired out after fun"
"Looks like me in P.E"
"Bambi and friends (x-post r/aww)"
"meat our baby"
"Meat Baby"
"Reddit Birthday! Here's a picture of a beard made of cats."
"I give you  the Reddit Beard"
"Hank Hill said it the best"
"Tiptoe through the Tulips"
"An artist's interpretation of what it must have looked like when Van Gogh painted &quot;Starry Night&quot;"
"Rise of the turtle!"
"How I feel when I read posts about school and I remember that I don't go to school anymore"
"Google  how could you!?"
"&quot;La la laaa la laa la--OH SHIT!&quot;"
"Can't get you out of my head"
"Gotta Get Down!"
"How I feel when people complain about having summer too soon  while living in Canada"
"Troops over seas make use of all of there free time."
"Marines were doing it before it was cool. - Imgur"
"Oh no..."
"How I feel getting fancy to go out."
"TIL that Nick Offerman (Ron Swanson) and Megan Mullally (Karen from Will &amp; Grace) are married. Hilariously soft core- NSFW"
"How I feel about anonymous lately..."
"Anchorman sequel is finally being made!"
"A very risky business..."
"The true plot behind Slender."
"The true plot behind Slender."
"Extreme Origami"
"Unbelievable Origami"
"What happens when I try sports"
"Sean Connery is one classy son of a bitch"
"It's Bootsy!"
"newborn gorilla reacts to the coldness of the stethoscope"
"How to camp when the ground is vertical"
"For rent $2000/mo. Easy access to beach. Fantastic view. No laundry or parking. No smk/pets. Serious inquiries only."
"How I feel when I see a VERY obvious repost."
"When the post doesn't fit the sub-reddit"
"Hubble's new Deep Field Image  you are looking 13.2 billion years into the past."
"How I feel after reading a repost from 1+ years ago that redditors have given over 9000 upvotes"
"Yeah."
"it begins."
"Starved."
"Awesome way to get back at airport security"
"When you finally make the front page"
"Protect and serv…."
"this guy uses two hands to text while driving"
"Good ole Bizzaro..."
"bascatball"
"Haters gonna hate"
"you want a bite of my sandwich?"
"How most people in Toronto must feel"
"and I listened..."
"Football is dangerous"
"The KKK ain't as intimidating as it used to be."
"Don't be a racist."
"House gets it."
"Timid little loris."
"Fried Nimu Nimu Nimu Nimu Nimu Nimu"
"I am always the type of person who will let someone else over while driving. HOWEVER  I CANT HELP BUT FEEL LIKE THIS SOMETIMES."
"How I feel most days....."
"How I feel when I see posts with 4chan in the title"
"My response to the Mike &amp; Ike commercials about Mike splitting up with Ike."
"Just a tornado."
"Tornado near Parker  Colorado"
"Beauty in destruction"
"By the power of Christ..."
"Eh  happens."
"Abracadabra"
"Running Laps [gif]"
"How I Feel Sneaking Alcohol out of my Parents' house"
"When my friends get a job at a resturaunt [FIXED]"
"What reddit has made me think when I see news about a certain celebrity."
"Hamas hates cats? That's it. NOW  I'm angry."
"Hamas hates cats? That's it. NOW  I'm angry."
"The correct way to order breakfast"
"i believe i can fly.(with the use of a car)"
"The weatherman announced more snow coming in the UK..."
"Every person on Facebook"
"My Milkshakes!"
"I don't think there should be a day to bash certain beliefs... So here is one about Muslims."
"Ouch"
"The night before the burial of her husband 2nd Lt. James Cathey of the United States Marine Corps  killed in Iraq  Katherine Cathey refused to leave the casket  asking to sleep next to his body for the last time."
"Just having some fun with the toys..."
"everytime my parents ask me to do something"
"Cat gets offered a stuffed cat and gladly takes it"
"Don't worry buddy  there's plenty of fish in the sea"
"my life"
"Leaked footage of the two NYPD officers involved with the Empire State shooting working out a disagreement between each other"
"How I felt when my dealer told me he quit dealing. And he's my only connection =["
"How I felt when I saw all of my friends went to the movies without me."
"When I close Reddit by accident"
"This still gets me every time."
"new neighbours next door.."
"I wonder what the password is..."
"I'm on to your plan  secret Nazis!!!"
"Making of the world's first camera."
"I love college."
"Cut it out man!"
"Rewatched The Gods Must Be Crazy tonight  one of my favorite bits."
"Cut it out!"
"Cut that shit out!"
"That's right  Nokia did it!"
"OH HELL NO"
"Friend posted this on my newsfeed after a trip to Asia."
"Found this gem on Facebook"
"How it felt getting on the front page"
"Vernon Dursley."
"Meanwhile in Hong Kong..."
"P U G C E P T I O N"
"Inception Pug"
"Pug in a pug"
"yep"
"Sup ladies."
"It's a hard knock life!"
"I'm sorry  Miss  but I'm gonna have to call your parents. Oh. Right. Sorry..."
"Still funny every time i see it."
"How I feel trying to make a title for a post"
"No fucks given for this Corgi."
"Which seat can i take?"
"Loading: 50% complete"
"Mug shot of the century"
"This can't be legit"
"how I view &quot;tough&quot; middle schoolers"
"This is the funniest thing I will ever watch"
"Well this is just like Disney World"
"How I feel when I make the front page."
"He must have Godmode on"
"Found this gem  perusing the interwebs..."
"He just really likes making music"
"Family Portrait"
"Art Students under either Candidate"
"Original Ermahgerd!"
"Emma Stone doesn't want to be a gif"
"Emma Stone doesn't want to be a gif"
"Sweet ride bro"
"That's correct"
"Splash of Color!"
"Just watering my negro"
"Just watering my negro"
"Oh 4Chan..."
"This is Happiness."
"I'm not sleepy  what are you... *snore*"
"My cake day is coming to an end  and this is how I feel in line for the midnight showing of Batmat."
"SUP BRO!!"
"Awesome 16-bit Forest Scene"
"RIP Dennis Ritchie. Creator of UNIX and C."
"There's so many possible titles for this"
"Derp Maggot"
"When I am driving in the wrong direction and I see a &quot;Private Drive. No turn around&quot; sign."
"When I tell someone that I speak an Asian language  and they say &quot;I speak Asian  too. Ching chong ping ponga ding dong.&quot;"
"As a broke first worlder  this is how I feel about all of your so called &quot;Problems&quot;"
"Googled &quot;explain the Internet&quot; I must say I get it now."
"learn it  live it  love it"
"Our Brain."
"Secret Asian Man [Fixed]"
"I don't want to live in this world anymore.."
"No seriously  WHAT THE FUCK is wrong with them?"
"He shoots  he scor...what the hell?"
"Cats (x-post from /r/funny)"
"When I first found reddit"
"How I feel all the time."
"When I realize it's my cakeday and my pets won't stay still enough for a pic..."
"Fake  but funny  pro-QB facebook convo"
"Whatcha thinkin about?"
"Deadpool is a dick."
"I hereby baptize you..."
"Pretty accurate height chart."
"My face after seeing hundreds of white legged Minnesotans wearing shorts on the first warm day after winter."
"And that kids  is how I met your mother"
"Facebook genius."
"This boxer doesn't have the best aim."
"Non-Fiction Bible"
"The perfect product name."
"The jump in reverse."
"Well thats not a good sign..."
"WTF is wrong with his foot?"
"When I'm trying to order a drink at the bar  and the bartender serves the guy next to me instead."
"Magic Hands"
"No wonder the Oilers lost so bad yesterday. They got their zone exiting strategy from The Mighty Ducks."
"So this film exists..."
"Fair Game?"
"Cocaine"
"king of cocaine"
"I love sensitive guys."
"The definition of WTF.."
"What is this I don't even... [NSFW]"
"True story"
"memes and their dogs"
"Not sure about the accuracy without the stock... but still a cool picture."
"Dammit Carl"
"Hey Carl have you seen my blue..."
"Hey Carl....."
"Dammit  Carl!"
"Earlier anarchy  remember the movement's roots!"
"Dave Chappelle on whores"
"My favorite reversed gif"
"The Shocker."
"She always does this while I'm showering"
"shaved llama"
"If you're feeling down  here is a picture of a shaved llama."
"What happened to Kony?"
"The Versatility of &quot;Dude&quot;"
"what I do when I know finals are coming around:"
"Haikus are easy"
"And all this time I thought a flying plate would take me away!"
"Redditor shapes glue gun glue stick and inserts it in rail and claims it's ice."
"It's been a long 29 days.."
"How I feel leaving reddit for a day"
"The sign of a Redditor."
"Would ya look at that."
"Googled gentleman top hat... got this."
"The photobomb she'll never forgive..."
"it takes courage to enjoy it"
"Smashing"
"A guy fucking a T-Rex."
"Runt and Paxie"
"Best Paint Job"
"rap music  in a nutshell"
"imgur: Things you see at the gym"
"This person clearly has no idea what she is doing."
"Max Payne?"
"If only Walmart did photos like this.."
"Googled &quot;Best Picture on the Internet&quot;... can't say i'm disappointed"
"Googled &quot;Best Picture On The Internet&quot;  this was the first result."
"I have started associating this picture with reddit in my mind"
"I dont know how I found this  but I sure am happy I did"
"Googled &quot;Greatest Picture on the Internet&quot;  was not disappointed..."
"MAD magazine jumps onto a dead horse"
"She seems to live all over the country."
"How I look when people tell me I need to open my eyes and smile bigger for the camera [FIXED]"
"Overly attached... Nicholas cage?"
"awesome [x-post r/pics]"
"Not sure if posted yet."
"Creepy level: Pooh"
"Front page... HOOOO"
"For my first post I bring you wtf eyes"
"Google imaged &quot;eye&quot; for a reference for an illustration for a kids anatomy book I'm writing/illustrating...Ahhhh!!!"
"When someone down votes my post on Reddit..."
"Funky Picard"
"Pandas and chickens belong together"
"A never ending cycle..."
"How I feel after giving an upvote"
"This could happen to you  are you prepared?"
"How I felt at the bars this weekend wearing my creepy Movember mustache."
"Oh god..."
"Whoa  whoa  whoa..."
"Deciding whether to go to class"
"MFW I see my friends with neck tattoos and they ask me why they can't get a job"
"How is the weather up there?"
"Humanity"
"The ultimate friendship wrecker for Gamecube"
"Claudia Mitchell - first woman to have a bionic arm - a prosthetic limb that she controls with her mind."
"4chan has a nice side to it..."
"My expectations for my first cake day"
"Cats are awesome!"
"Why cats are awesome!"
"THIS is why cats are awesome!"
"Jinkies!"
"Happy Family (NSFW)"
"Can't think of a title  I just know it belongs here."
"THE EMANCIPATOR"
"googled &quot;Murica  fuck yeah&quot;. wasn't disappointed."
"Not just Russia"
"When I Missed My Cakeday Yesterday Because I Was Drunk All Day"
"Rudolph The Red Nosed Raindeer...."
"this is so funny"
"uhh...Yup"
"Everyday I'm shufflin'"
"Figured this belonged here. [Craigslist]"
"It hits us all pretty hard"
"I remember when this happened to me."
"Home Sweet Home! Wait...WTF?"
"Everytime I try to get to the front page"
"Me surfing reddit before I knew what NSFW was."
"8 Reasons to Not Swallow Your Chewing Gum"
"Don't swallow your gum"
"How I feel when someone asks me a math question."
"Sitting next to my girlfriend while we both read the recent 'cheaters' thread"
"Guess I never saw this episode..."
"Scumbag Employer"
"Much Better  Thank you  Aziz."
"The difference between Alabama and Notre Dame"
"I sits!... OH SHITS!"
"A pug with full rein..."
"When someone posts something with more than five panels."
"How I feel when my boss tells me not to Reddit at work."
"Hank Hill"
"This dog's guilty"
"Um... I don't want to disturb.."
"WHAT EVEN....NSFW"
"Best idea ever"
"Just recharging the battery"
"Contemplating kitteh"
"But then..."
"How I feel when I win an argument"
"This guy is truly stunned."
"The reason I swear so much..."
"The reason why I swear so much..."
"Wouldn't say it if it weren't true."
"Good luck on finals  reddit!"
"Going away from all technology for a week; this is how I imagine I'll feel when I return:"
"How I felt as a kid when my mom cleaned my room."
"MFW I'm away from reddit and /r/wtf for 12-hours..."
"After logging into reddit tonight..."
"ExCUSE me..."
"I found out how upvotes are made..."
"He's in a glass case of emotion."
"Scumbag Tap"
"Girl  look at those legs"
"What I think I look like when I dance..."
"Partying in the sunlight."
"Alison Brie pretending to give handjobs"
"These are called &quot;floater&quot; and this is what I see in my eye."
"Back off devil! (found on my Facebook feed)"
"Popped up on FB feed... wanted to cry immediately."
"Jim Jeffries pretty much nails life after death..."
"Jim Jeffries on Death"
"I sat next to this dog in the Walgreens parking lot for 5 minutes..."
"The perfect plan"
"How people are reacting to the hurricane in my area of maryland right now:"
"With nothing to post on my cakecay  I have concluded that.."
"THANKS FOR REMINDING ME - Imgur"
"I had my favorite kind of granola bar today!"
"So good but true!"
"Say what you will  this administration is fashionable."
"You're worried about the secret service? My little brother posted this to facebook with the description  &quot;Security sure is slacking in the situation room.&quot;"
"Arctic Fencing Team"
"I found this gem while doing research."
"I could watch this all day."
"Saw a beautiful snake in /r/pics  HAD to caption it thusly."
"Ultimate Christmas Tree!"
"So this popped up on my newsfeed. Needless to say  I'm impressed"
"There's a glitch in the Matrix"
"I wish I had a Portal Tree"
"Girl I know just posted this on Facebook"
"Upron this if you're a brave freethinker who don't need no Mittler."
"Tyger  tyger  burning bright/ In the forests of the night/ What immortal hand or eye/ Could frame thy fearful symmetry?"
"Shit canned statue?"
"Homeless doesn't mean heartless"
"Why.... why would you post such a thing??!"
"What I want to do to people who post pictures of their cat"
"To those who ask me to work on Weekends"
"The scourge of London  the Eagle."
"Every time i leave the room my dog..."
"Troll Science"
"Why is this so amusing?"
"Reposts garner Karma? Let's take a BITE out of this theory right now!"
"Searched &quot;How to get up votes on reddit&quot;... this is the third Google image."
"I've been monitoring r/atheism for a long time now  and this came to mind..."
"Now the Box smells like Poop!"
"How I feel after store brand soda got 1800 upvotes on r/funny"
"I love ewe Reddit!"
"awww didnt like this..."
"This small child... I have no words"
"Bieber Fever at a dangerous level"
"Only in math..."
"If Sally buys 60 cantaloupes"
"Not a single bother"
"Iron Man"
"Fuck you Chuck Norris"
"Wow  never thought about that. BRB becoming a Christian (/sarcasm)"
"I was debating god with my friend on Facebook when he sent me this link and proceeded to call me closed minded after I tried to talk some sense into him. (sadly  he was serious)"
"Proving atheists wrong with science! Some lols contained."
"Don't ask..."
"On the 30th of June"
"Goofy in his darker days"
"pictures inside of picture that never end"
"Star wars edition"
"Awesome shot of the Great Wall"
"How I feel when I see this GIF"
"How I felt when I got my first upvote."
"Me when I saw Louis CK coming to my city"
"How I feel getting ready to see the midnight premiere of The Dark Knight Rises"
"How I feel when a celebrity replies to my tweet."
"And then THIS happened"
"Its my 22nd Birthday tomorrow! &lt;I'll be too busy to post Oct 1 so showing my excitement a day early&gt;&lt;repost I know..but I LOVE this gif&gt;"
"TIL my cake day is on Halloween."
"And thus  the Retoast was born"
"Hey  you know what we should do this weekend?"
"found this on my fb feed DA FUQ (nsfw)"
"Bringing r/WTF back to its roots"
"Showed a Muslim friend my doodle of prophet Muhammad"
"Magnetic Liquid"
"YEEEAAHHHH!"
"How in the fuck do you ride this?"
"I'm pretty sure this is illegal..."
"Nope"
"Mmmh  yes...good."
"Roosevelt riding a moose in a river"
"Socially Awkward Ichiro..."
"I has to toot"
"I has to toot"
"When ever somone says YOLO on Reddit I Think of This."
"Just a picture of a duck."
"I'm sorry if my atheism offends you...."
"Well At Least He Goes 100%"
"&quot;COME AT ME  BRO.&quot;"
"I would definitely use this toilet.."
"that awkward moment when you don't trust the mirrors.."
"This man is a genius!"
"Lick!"
"How to spot a meth lab."
"Labs:"
"C.H.O.L.O."
"Probably the funniest tattoos I've ever seen"
"This little piggy..."
"I like people who..."
"Shy Walrus"
"walrus receives fish cake for his birthday (x-post from r/pics)"
"A Walrus Being Presented A Fish Cake For Its Birthday"
"That's enough internet for one day."
"Mandrake?"
"Um...(NSFW/NSFL)"
"Just a free PC check ad banner..."
"Ad gold. Best I've ever seen."
"It's possible"
"Yes  this is the Oval Office  how may I help you?"
"I want to escape"
"Cats... Need I say more?"
"When someone tries to start a conversation with me about NFL..."
"This game just came out and deserves real recognition"
"Pure awesome"
"Peekaboo"
"I already have my son's Halloween costume picked out for next year. Carl Fredricksen....."
"I hope this kid never grows Up."
"When there's a car behind me..."
"How I feel watching Tosh.0"
"When he whips out his badge..."
"Not sure if that boy ain't right or..."
"forever alone..."
"Close enough"
"Thorgi"
"We should all have one of these"
"When I saw Daniel Day-Lewis's likeness to his historical character in the upcoming Spielberg biopic  I almost flipped my Whig."
"Shore drive Mcdonalds in VA beach"
"Not enough catfish on this sub"
"No matter how old I get  I still run up dark staircases for fear that this may be behind me..."
"Close but not quite"
"Solid advice."
"Sharktopus!"
"girl you looks good wont you back dat ass up (sfw)"
"Spread that shit"
"Utter Pandamonuim (x-post from r/aww)"
"Pornography harms....."
"The dangers of pornography (SFW)"
"How I feel that there's a new Game of thrones in less than 24 hrs."
"How I felt when one of my posts got over 1000 karma for the first time."
"My face  as a red blooded heterosexual male  when the Spice Girls reunited at the closing ceremonies"
"when sir mix a lot discovers women's volleyball"
"how i felt getting my first 3 karma."
"Reddit's reaction when someone they obsess over does an AMA"
"Some of my artwork. What does reddit think?"
"It made me aww!"
"Brothers"
"What we must never forget on Remembrance Day"
"CAN WE GET AN ANIMALS THAT LOOK HIGH THREAD GOIN HERE?"
"americans &amp; canadians - accurate"
"Twins"
"Cloud tree!"
"We've all been there."
"Great Red Spot"
"Close-up shot of Jupiter"
"Say pal  can ya spare a towel?"
"Camouflage practice."
"How Most Feel About Their Job"
"Parkour!!!!!!!"
"Gravity Elevator"
"Bizzare Amazonian &quot;Penis Snake&quot;"
"I sincerely doubt that  Patrick."
"I think it's getting to be time for a new one of these..."
"Peek a boo"
"Yes!"
"Does anyone have the original gif without the upvote?"
"The season finale of Wilfred (US Version)"
"just discovered r/popping"
"So I walked into the IAMA hosted by a member of the Westbro Baptist Church..."
"Grampa Simpson is a good whistler!"
"I am having a tough time learning this lesson. Anyone else?"
"My friend introduced me to TF2 today with one piece of advice.."
"Different topic  same response."
"When I'm about to post a funny comment and find out someone already said it."
"Jeremy Wade's Goliath Tigerfish"
"The original Bad Luck Brian [fixed]"
"A Saudi's idea of quality time."
"Hobo level: 99"
"Just the mailman delivering the mail"
"Mail's here!"
"The Mailman"
"I want that guys hat"
"I'm trying to think!"
"how I feel with all the noobs clogging up the chat"
"Son was worried about my trip to the Serengeti so I sent him this pic"
"Canada's shorts"
"Frightened cat #2"
"How I feel trying to flirt"
"Would Have Won the Republican Debate Tonight"
"F**k The Police [NSFW]"
"cat on head and nuts retreating"
"How to be a hero"
"I guess that's one way of doing it"
"Rupert approves of this message."
"#YOKO"
"Trust me  I know."
"What does the internet think of this? I should have guessed it."
"Game name"
"How I feel after clicking on my first link on reddit for the day."
"My 13 Year Old Sister Sent Me This While She Was Supposed to be Doing a Project"
"I burned my finger &amp; it kind of looks like a penis"
"How I feel after deciding to watch new episodes of The Simpsons"
"I'm not a huge fan of horror or suspense  but I downloaded Slender today."
"Thinking Back on the Steam Sales that I Decided Not to Pull the Trigger On..."
"Realizing you have to clean up after a water balloon fight."
"Every time I browse r/spacedicks"
"Its just what i DO."
"Ducreux's got game."
"Reddit after un-installing Reddit Enhancement Suite."
"I forgot"
"Something tells me he had to change his pants afterwards."
"before ipod"
"Well fuck you cat."
"Kitteh! I choose you!"
"Googly Docs"
"New age office workers"
"The Best Way to End an Argument"
"This is an actual photograph of a star going supernova  taken by the Hubble Telescope /r/pics"
"You float on a throne of lies"
"From PICS to here"
"Hank Hill just went super saiyan"
"Let the speedboat hit the ..."
"Kenyan man fakes birth certificate  runs for public office  wins and poses with confused american for sweet socialist karma."
"When I run."
"Just a photo from the beach"
"I must eat this. A nearly extinct type of strawberry is now being marketed in Europe. It is white in color and has deep-set red seeds. It tastes like a pineaple... so they call it a Pineberry. [pic]"
"Cat vs Dog"
"This kid has some sweet moves..."
"LSUfreek's &quot;Oppa Saban Style&quot;"
"How I feel about reposts"
"Baby Do's and Don'ts"
"Do's and Dont's of Parenting"
"Justice is served..."
"CRASH said the wave"
"The Oxford Comma"
"It fits...too much..."
"Bacon"
"it's about that time..."
"New Years Resolutions"
"Texans will know what I'm talking about"
"Brace Yourselves"
"One day until CERN annouces something significant."
"YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS"
"The attic rummaging has begun..."
"Brace Yourselves... (cross post from /r/teenagers)"
"R.I.P statuses are coming (Neil Armstrong)"
"Isn't (s)he the cutest???"
"Tijuana meets San Diego"
"Oprah uses an iPad to tweet her love for Microsoft's Surface"
"Oprah loves the SURFACE!!!"
"Found this in a &quot;Got Junk&quot; bin at work..."
"Awww  so cute."
"CATCH IT! [X-Post from r/Pokemon}"
"Here's a great idea..."
"So is it good or.....?"
"This is what the downtown Toronto blackout looks like right now."
"ASCII Dancer"
"Not a single fuck was given..."
"this pigeon is a straight bad ass"
"The Chuck Norris of birds"
"Found this in the library  seems thrilling."
"Paper Fireworks for my Cakeday!"
"Good news!"
"tastin' my momma's cookin'"
"If I fits I sits"
"When my friend tells me we had homework the night before"
"Scarlett Johanson...holy shit [NSFW]"
"Na nanananananana KATAMARI DAMACY~!"
"I guess that tattoo's pretty appropriate (somewhat NSFW)"
"That's gotta hurt."
"No ones gonna believe this! A bit gruesome."
"Cowboy shooting spree"
"A month late  but I found out what my brother's Halloween costume was..."
"What a disturbing treat"
"Oh! That makes sense."
"Do A Barrel Roll!"
"Just a giraffe lickin' a squirrel"
"Can we go for that walk now?"
"The classiest joke"
"Don't hate Obama cause he's beautiful"
"Viagra's HQ in Toronto"
"Dat Ass (maybe NSFW?)"
"A tribute... of sorts..."
"Portland  Maine-based photographer Caleb Charland frequently merges art and science with his photographic experiments involving electricity  fire  and magnetism."
"How a Real Man Does It"
"Just a normal day in Switzerland."
"The Pope Getting In Trouble . . ."
"Even the Chemistry Teacher Loves Her[xpost r/funny]"
"Oh the humanity"
"Fires His Bow"
"Oh  4chan"
"How all bathrooms should be designed"
"Not much  just chillin...u?"
"Monkey Cage"
"Everytime I try to be polite.."
"Gosh  I miss this show"
"Where is he?!"
"How I entered /r/WTF... (NSFW)"
"How I entered"
"Every Hurricane Since 1851 Visualized"
"I guess you never really get over it"
"OK mother  i'll take out the tra....OH WHAT THE FUCK"
"When I check a post and I have one less down vote than before."
"Sweet Jesus  it's Magikarp!"
"Glass frog [x-post from /r/pics]"
"My first try at this"
"How it feels when I show up to my class to find is canceled  and no one told me."
"When I'm driving the company truck"
"Suave!"
"Drunk Sex"
"Why you should never pass out before the others."
"Go home pole  you are drunk."
"Road planning fail (In Quebec)"
"Canada's adds new technology in the fight against drunk driving..."
"got the band director job i wanted today and was like"
"Fry doing the Hustle"
"My collection of cuteness"
"In regards to my gf posting about my stressful house and karma whoring."
"A British Hurricane"
"Hurricane Sandy hits the UK"
"Captain optimistic vs. pessimistic man"
"When I transfer into an engineering class"
"Ghetto Bathtub"
"Better watch your back  Bryce Drew."
"Amazing picture of Felix Baumgartner standing at the edge of the world."
"I can see my house from here"
"Typical..."
"128 057ft"
"The Freefall"
"Felix Baumgartner just before his jump. A great day for scientific achievement."
"How I feel when my submission reaches it's peak."
"I noticed there are ponies in the Logo..."
"What is going through my mind when my computer doesn't load reddit"
"Yeah  that's pretty accurate."
"When I realize the ruler is backwards."
"Rice fields  China"
"Teamwork (x-post r/funny)"
"When a angry mom comes looking for you at your friends house"
"Apparently today is national re-post day  so I'm just chipping in..."
"Cat Facts!"
"The great battle of 8:30 lecture"
"Dark Knight"
"He just wanted to party"
"He just wanted to Party!"
"Shut the fuck up Tony."
"awww cute dog...."
"What a cute....wait a second...."
"What's soft  pink and enjoys a good petting?"
"How I See North Korea's Nuclear Test On The U.S. Going"
"One of the greatest questions of modern time. [FB]"
"Persistence"
"Why? Just why?"
"Can you do this?"
"who wants some tickle time!?"
"Is this some sort of trick question  or what?"
"Lake of Fire - Mount Nyiragongo  Congo"
"Money can buy happiness sometimes! (x-post r/funny)"
"Single income no kids no Wife. SINKNW"
"Jim Carrey x Black Swan"
"Dog"
"Big Joe Doesn't Look Happy"
"This was on my girlfriend's Facebook feed..."
"'Merica"
"Oh what a lovely day for te-OH NO!"
"Oh shit"
"Cakedays are like Nuclear power-plants..."
"Sometimes I weep for the fate of mankind."
"The appropriate reaction for awkward situations."
"When my friend finds the erotica I used to write"
"Is nothing sacred anymore?!"
"Have a wash and be inspired!"
"How i feel on most Sundays"
"Trying out my friend's new vape."
"Ya feel me?"
"Nice graphical representation of brain development from birth."
"How your brain develops"
"There are over 100 billion neurons in your brain. The same number as there are stars in the Milky Way Galaxy."
"Ever wonder how drinking beer can make you feel smarter?"
"kill me...please"
"Nicolas Cage"
"Gets me every time"
"Killing Nazis."
"Dangerous demonstrator arrested."
"Dammit  Moses!"
"Something's not right..."
"Meanwhile in Germany.."
"Role Reversal"
"&quot;Not bad...&quot;"
"Brilliant face swap"
"My reaction to Raw 1000 so far."
"Now that's a hit"
"This must be what they are doing in China"
"How did you think Reddit clothing was made?"
"My reaction to all the atheism posts on the front page"
"This works."
"Nicholas Cage can do anything he puts his mind to"
"May be a repost but I'm going for it. Woo hoo!"
"What it's like looking through my FACEBOOK"
"If you're going to clutter my feed  please make sense."
"fuck gravity."
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
"That little bit of hope  before crushing realization."
"Receive Text From Cute Girl..."
"MFW: the new kid at my private christian highschool in Mississippi says he's an atheist and plays Minecraft."
"My first Link"
"First day of college and got the internet set up. now it's reddit time."
"That Earthquake Was So Mainstream"
"Just some celebrating of a goal.... wait what?"
"Maybe it doesn't"
"My RA told me to take down some of the posters in my room."
"Al jeffersons bed"
"Well that's unfortunate..."
"Who said weasels weren't cute?"
"I told my friend I was sad and he sent me this."
"Lego Stephen Hawking"
"This is what fun looks like!"
"world's coolest toilet"
"I guess this is what &quot;bath salts&quot; make you do."
"Ordinary day gas fill-up"
"Why do i have horns"
"oh algebra."
"Creepy pig!"
"Creepy pig  along with some pig squeals for your viewing pleasure."
"Batman fighting a shark with a lightsaber...uhh"
"Photo Bomb Level = Chris Bosh"
"WCS Europe Finals"
"Bad Ass Albino Animals"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus."
"How i pictured my son on the first day"
"Does anyone know the story behind this?"
"Very Satanic..."
"Omarion hit the stage like switching characters in Marvel vs Capcom"
"The Internet summed up."
"Dolomites  Northern Italy  Europe"
"When my friends start making fun of me"
"Kitten is really hungry"
"Every. Single. Time."
"Best use of this quote.... Ever."
"If you can't handle me at my worst..."
"Intriguing..."
"Browsing through some old stuff in my pictures..."
"I have no idea if this has been posted before but i couldn't help myself..."
"Da Baby"
"Mom! Leave me alone!"
"Squish squish squish"
"Adorable baby squishing"
"squishy face"
"Guess steam is doing pretty good with the summersales."
"Calvin has the right idea."
"Buy an Iphone 5  they said ..."
"My face after 30 seconds in /r/spacedicks"
"My reaction when I take a dump and realize there isn't any toilet paper."
"Chick and pup"
"I could watch this all day (tile it for extra awesome)."
"What!...Did you say??"
"Turn The Page"
"I found a stone that looks like the smallest brick phone ever"
"A stunning panorama of San Francisco taken from an airship 2000 feet above the bay in 1906."
"Just out for a little stroll !!"
"This is r/kerbalspaceprogram right now."
"Whenever I come up with a witty comment..."
"One Eyed Cat"
"I Googled &quot;How to leave Reddit&quot;..."
"It's ALIVE."
"Cellphones not just the apparent tumors I'm afraid of now ಠ_ಠ"
"what the...YES."
"I mean....it's technically correct?"
"How I feel when stuck in traffic."
"How I feel walking by the MU at my university around lunchtime"
"Goliath Online"
"Robert Meowny Jr."
"I still don't understand this"
"Seems legit"
"Christians were once Atheists (x-post from funny)"
"What is this sorcery?!"
"Trying to bring the flag back to my team."
"The truth about Curiosity..."
"How to wear pants properly."
"Secret Agent's Calvin and Hobbes"
"Agents C &amp; H"
"Freedooooohshit!"
"Freedoooohshit!"
"Me and my friends playing Borderlands 2 (x-post r/funny)"
"Secret's in the Seuss"
"Duty called"
"When my girlfriend talks about her day"
"WTF mascot getting ready"
"Got Milk?"
"This just popped up on my newsfeed...Happy Halloween!"
"Make it a dolphin...bitches love dolphins."
"Faces of Meth"
"The presidential debate in a nutshell"
"The story of how Paul Christoforo was hired"
"Blue skies up North"
"Stand back.."
"Pure anarchy"
"How I feel seeing fucking &quot;best dog you'll see all day&quot; and my post downvoted"
"How to tell you're about to have a bad day"
"90's overload...."
"Things Giraffes Hate"
"Bunny Iver"
"This little guy definitely belongs here."
"five pearls of Scottish wisdom"
"CLEARLY"
"My buddy left his Reddit page up after browsing... am I doing this right?"
"Friend left up Reddit  here's a kitten in a sweater!"
"mouse trap"
"fire.....BAD"
"My friend's pug must be celebrating his cake day."
"I see your dog enjoying a birthday  and I raise you an overly emotional Pug!"
"Where i thought my drawings would go after i erased them when i was a kid.."
"Who knew R2-D2 could look so good?"
"Have you seen the new police brutality video?"
"Every time I trash talk on Xbox Live"
"saw this in r/gifs  thought it definitely belonged here"
"3D without the glasses"
"O_O"
"Hospital Halloween!"
"Spotted at the OBGYN (FB)"
"Most 'WTF' GIF I've ever seen  anyone know where it's from?"
"Pretty sure this is how Reddit works."
"Let me be your guide"
"Mum posts cumshot picture on FB"
"Lets get a Party Going"
"At least it has a nice view."
"Surreal?"
"Castle House Island- Ireland"
"Why would someone do this!!!!!???"
"Double horn wtf"
"Depp  Cusack  and H.S. Thompson driving around with a blow up doll."
"Nothing I do will ever be this awesome"
"I stumbled upon this evil prank on Instagram [FIXED]"
"Talking Snakes are Normal."
"Oh Arthur  how right you are."
"One of the many reasons why I'm subscribed to /r/cocaine."
"Long Exposure of an Airliner Takeoff"
"Thirsty Luke?"
"Things that make you go 'huh?' [Fixed]"
"One stands out from the rest..."
"Can't say he is homeless  right?"
"He may not be Bill Nye or an actual scientist for that matter  but this guy planted the seed to question everything at a young age. Zaloom!"
"A lot of people credit Bill Nye for teaching them science  but this guy was more fun for me."
"When a gif from r/reactiongifs makes the front page"
"Amazing close-up image of a human eye [PIC]"
"Hello..."
"Hello my name is..."
"Arthur Logic."
"Typing class was right!"
"Women's Rights Activist.."
"Gangster nap"
"Excellent teamwork"
"Stoned Fox"
"Reddit circa 1960"
"Found these on an article  so cute!"
"The fire can wait!"
"oh salad..."
"We're contagious..."
"Hey earth  whats up"
"This is why we can't have nice things."
"Why... I don't understand why!"
"My response whenever a theist asks me: &quot;What if you're wrong?&quot;"
"Cars floating in a flooded parking garage entrance  on October 30  2012 in the Financial District of New York. [2200x1468]"
"Anyone have any idea what this thing is? o-o"
"Rugrats fail"
"Failing at something"
"Optimus Pint"
"Popped up on my feed today."
"They don't make them like they used to"
"One of my favourite pictures."
"Never gets old."
"The power that's inside"
"Sleeping puppies"
"Kicking in his sleep"
"I was like &quot;I'm going to check out 4chan  see what all the hype is about&quot;. I think I get it now."
"These girls are making pretty silly faces [nsfw]"
"Just a wave"
"Bunkbed Wizard"
"How I feel after showing my girlfriend r/aww."
"The time I told my ex I loved her  with a poem."
"How I feel when I comment on somebody's status and 20 people comment on the post."
"Just some snow kayaking"
"riding a bike like a boss"
"Halo every body....."
"Nostalgia'd the Piss Out of Me."
"those eyes."
"How I looked when I got caught trying to seek back into my house at 3am"
"Quite."
"HAAAY GUYS!"
"Oh no...."
"No need to panic..."
"When a repost makes it to the front page"
"How I feel being more excited for Total Recall than TDKR..."
"How I feel when Game of Thrones is on the front page."
"We run this shit."
"I wish they sold these in America."
"Nutella... Snack &amp; Drink?"
"Ghosts of World War II."
"Finally deciding to make my first post..."
"Too soon?"
"Saints 3? make it happen."
"How I feel whenever someone reposts this gif"
"I was annoyed at all of the Santorum posts here  so I looked up his opinions  and this was my reaction to them."
"...wanna hear a secret?"
"You said what now?"
"Colbert on Bachmann"
"Posts about blackout survival stories?"
"Well  hello there!"
"Michelangelo's God is everywhere"
"Denied!"
"Tattooed monk with tiger."
"This relationship is killing me."
"I don't know what's going on with this deer  but i'm feeling the feels."
"Tyrone already has shit together."
"How I feel when I get an upvote"
"Thanks Reddit!"
"Oh  Patrick..."
"Itteh Bitteh Kitteh Kisses"
"A small gift"
"Mother and kin"
"Ever wondered what this looked like from below?"
"[X-Post from SRSSucks]I found out why those feminists at the protest were AXEUALLY upset."
"Twitter account of the year"
"Challenge: Don't look at his balls (Slightly NSFW)"
"Best of buds"
"The many bodies of Christian Bale (Read the fine print)"
"Gimme a second I gotta fight this boss."
"Ducks in a cup."
"2 ducks 1 cup"
"Martin Luther King Jr. removing a burned cross from his front yard"
"Maybe poems aren't your thing"
"Romance dog"
"Do you guys have to do that right here??"
"Catnip  not even once."
"Jack Nicholson is NOT amused"
"Why so serious?"
"Nice shoe choice Einstein"
"Not sure if cosplay or he was just misbehaving..."
"This just makes Paul Ryan so easy to hate for me."
"Message delivered"
"The hills are alive with the sound of music  with songs they have sung for a thousand years!"
"To that one person that down votes my shit in the first minute."
"Same to you  Mr. Rogers"
"Childhood ruined"
"When I post an atheist pic to facebook"
"Go Go Gadget  Chopper!"
"Obama has 99 problems."
"Facebook in a nutshell."
"My friend's local post office wifi network..."
"Some friends and I went to the Dark Knight Rises premiere. We decided to set up a wifi network for ourselves  and troll everyone in line."
"It's October 3rd."
"A man's gotta eat..."
"Found this on my newsfeed. Twist. Hope it's not a repost."
"Surprisingly good advice."
"Black Ops II looks very similar too this..."
"Well Arnold found the internet"
"Happy Holidays from Russia!"
"Yeah.. I am definitely ok with this.."
"Nice Assassin's Creed Cosplay!"
"Such a little Owl."
"Just a baby owl."
"Getting real tired of your shit."
"Yum"
"check my foot work"
"No comments..."
"Solves all our issues. Rock is king."
"Monkey Taking a Bath"
"skyrim logic"
"&quot;Animated GIF that savors a passing moment.&quot; Love this."
"This is the coolest thing!"
"Bambi and thumper"
"It's my Cakeday  but I thought I would post something other than cats"
"Googled &quot;Retarded Spiderman&quot; and found this..."
"Rich  Gurl by Ballin' Oates"
"Sexual Confusion in 3...2...1..."
"That's A Penis!"
"How I look when I flirt with a girl..."
"Scorpion (faceplants) Gallery"
"Excuse me sir  which way did they go?"
"This guy should be the official Reddit UFC Fighter"
"How I imagine April 20th - Kony 2012's 'Cover the Night' campaign will unfold."
"My email now that the semester has ended"
"I know it's a repost  but I'm the one who made it and figure I may as well try to squeeze a little karma out of it!"
"You have the right to remain LOL"
"Lightning strikes"
"great comeback"
"Just a little off the top  please."
"Just a little off the top.."
"Seeing a terrible post in r/new that one person has  for some reason  upvoted"
"Caught me off guard."
"We're expecting"
"Searched &quot;Random Internet&quot; and was not disapointed. Okay  maybe a little..."
"Why should they be happy?"
"Siri misses the joke  but still manages to offer advice."
"Oh...Didn't see you there..."
"Did I do my Halloween costume right!?"
"FUCK YOU"
"Telling the future"
"Yes"
"quote from man stabbed"
"Well  how did he respond?"
"Actually  yeah..."
"Well I guess so"
"It can be risky to call someone's bluff..."
"Next time I'd say&quot; what are you gonna do  buy me a kitten?!&quot;"
"Quote from man stabbed"
"Meaning behind &quot;Nope&quot;"
"Can I draw you..."
"My favourite parody twitter account"
"I wish these guys would do the commentary for the olympics [fixed] [fixed] [fixed] [fixed] x 100"
"Presidential debate drinking game... If this doesnt get you interested in politics I dont know what will."
"Presidential Debate Drinking Game... If this doesnt get you interested in politics I dont know what will."
"Only in America"
"Realizing my cake day has finally come."
"When my boss tells me I can leave early [FIXED]"
"My favorite quote"
"&quot;A mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam&quot;"
"When the first few hits on my post are upvotes"
"Full of WTF."
"How meteorologists in the Northeast must feel right now  for once..."
"the REAL overly manly man"
"Have a nice bottle of ... ?"
"He came to serve."
"Nigga Please!"
"Guaranteed sex"
"Googled greatest picture ever taken  not disappointed. A comet between fireworks and lighting."
"Cool pic from &quot;The Empire Strikes back&quot;"
"This is what happens when a guy pretends to be a girl on reddit."
"Woman on r/gonewild in a nut shell"
"Yipee!"
"Aw of the Sea"
"Last Thing You Want to See Under the Water"
"I don't know if this is a repost but this is the coolest gif i've seen"
"I don't know what to say about this . . ."
"Some please help me understand this?"
"Mario Party"
"Indian Movie that is all"
"Volcanic eruption + lightening"
"A gif of Grumpy Cat enjoying affection"
"MGM lion is the real fuckin deal"
"Shooting the MGM logo  1924"
"A shaved black bear. That is all."
"This is a bear"
"The origin of the Universe"
"The troubles of being a step ladder."
"How i feel when people post pictures of their cute animals."
"Trying to bring up all the groceries in one go."
"Trying to bring in all of the groceries"
"What am I watching"
"There's really no good title for this..."
"How it feels to chew 5 gum (from Imgur)"
"Pretty sweet Dark Knight Rises street art!"
"For all Batman fans out there"
"Grand Theft Walrus"
"Best gif ever"
"See the resemblance?"
"Sup?"
"Best Pillow Ever"
"How my friend and I react when something someone says can be taken in a dirty way."
"Why can't I win a PS3 and a PSP....."
"How i feel getting down voted on a post i worked hard to make."
"Well maybe Jill should have brought some fucking Viagra... whats with all this pressure?"
"Pet me dammit!"
"How i feel posting on reddit"
"I recently learned that PSY (Gangnam Style) went to my college. Here's his photo ID."
"Me when i discovered r/VOLLEYBALLGIRLS"
"After a week of no internet or Reddit  this is how I feel."
"Finally got internet back after 5 days. I think this best sums up how I feel with it back"
"No Fap September got you down? Just remember what's waiting on the other side...[Fixed]"
"When no fap September ends tonight...(Fixed)"
"Mmm  quite."
"hmm... yes  quite."
"I do believe Ive shat my pantaloons"
"Ah Good Sir"
"My good sir"
"I see you"
"When you fart in an elevator."
"My view today  life can be great."
"Damn you Mr. Bond!"
"The Fuck?"
"I think he's enjoying it"
"Oops... oww"
"What I feel happens to everything I post to the internet"
"Oh Crap"
"YES!"
"Makes sense."
"How first person view was invented"
"Long live 4chan..."
"SLAM!"
"Oh Sweet I was the first one to post Meet the Pyro!"
"Believe."
"How I feel when I realize it's my Reddit birthday at 10pm..."
"How it feels like to fail cake-day post."
"some really cool 3d street art I found(the streets are crumbling beneath us)"
"It totally is."
"On my way to the front page!!!"
"How I feel whenever I post something to reddit"
"Winter + Balloon + Water + Food Coloring ="
"Good morning  Siri"
"I tried the Australian voice for Siri."
"Siri when you ask her for a joke on iOS 6.."
"Siri  you're worthless!!"
"Fuck roundabouts"
"Am i the only one who can't take the phrase &quot;Never forget&quot; seriously because of this?"
"Gnashing teeth"
"One of my 4th graders showed me this  thought you guys would like it"
"Doesn't make it ship faster."
"Oh children..."
"Ding Ding Dong"
"It's Dinner Time!"
"so i found this in r/creepy_gif"
"I'm Sorry. I really am."
"Dinner Time!"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Ran into this guy during lunch."
"The recipe called for two cups of kittens"
"Good Old Days"
"Skyrim v Adventure Time"
"i am at a lack for words"
"How I feel every time I post."
"How I feel when I see two people arguing on Reddit"
"Snack time!"
"Jumping rope above Chicago"
"How i feel on reddit since the Olympics started"
"Wish my car could do this..."
"I heard Reddit is fond of cute kittens"
"Twisty cartwheel"
"A simple but perfect illustration of religion."
"That's some disgusting hair."
"Trying to reach the front page on my cake day"
"What to put here...."
"Me trying disable the cell phone alarm clock when it goes off accidentally in class"
"How to make dubstep 101."
"accidentally clicks on r/spacedicks"
"Fighting games"
"Club Can't Even Handle Me Right Now!"
"What I do to my gameboy when I throw the Pokeball..."
"Watson! Come quick..."
"I am not quite sure what to think of this..."
"Best Wedding Cake Ever!"
"Ha. I think it's a great costume!"
"Fair enough..."
"America  According to Germany  in 1944"
"Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu is convinced Iran is developing cartoon bomb technology."
"You sexy Thang"
"Work It"
"My victory dance"
"I love messing with the names of diseases in plague inc."
"Romnesia has eradicated humanity"
"In other news  angry trash can attacks random British people"
"What the actual f*ck?"
"When I have to look at the penis ads next to porn videos"
"These flowers are SO METAL!"
"Krang-O-Lantern!!!"
"This is definitely the best pumpkin I've seen this halloween."
"Earth: From Dusk to Dawn"
"Suddenly...goat."
"Suddenly...goat"
"FRESH OUT"
"Getting downvoted to hell"
"Regarding 2012 posts on Facebook."
"The Oscars  you say?"
"I'm gonna be using this in facebook *SO* much"
"I could watch this for hours."
"My most favorite GIF. Enjoy."
"unexpectedly awesome gif"
"...wait what?"
"Hey! Where does that guy think he is going?"
"Saw this on my newsfeed. So inspirational."
"Me after refreshing reddit and seeing all blue links"
"I never knew they were that far apart. Two Jupiters would fit in between them."
"save yourself!!!"
"Bet you never knew a slinky moved like that"
"Me when I heard my ex gf just got engaged to an 18 year old without a job."
"Irish cottage"
"Puts our FWP's into perspective"
"Woman from 1907"
"BIG ASS NIGGA ON A SCOOTER DRINKIN CAPRI SUN"
"Accidentally opened Internet Explorer for the first time in a while  this is what came up."
"And not a single fuck was given."
"parenting level: just give up"
"Hallelujah"
"Nom"
"Mods deleted my post in r/aww because it had a caption in it. Hope it's okay here."
"Fusion Ha!"
"Best Advert Ever"
"I love this toy"
"She's a..."
"Bounce bounce bounce"
"Your argument is... Irrelephant"
"And if you don't know..."
"Even Asian's ain't nothin' but mammels"
"Last friday  at the office."
"Stop."
"After seeing someone fall in public"
"Many people were up in arms over this clinic's name"
"Ideal BF {OC}"
"Thanks Facebook  for this beauty."
"The human blob"
"What the Fuck  Bill."
"He's doing it wrong!"
"Banksy Rules!"
"&quot;I smoke weed every day&quot;"
"How I feel when I get a 0 on a paper because it wasn't written in pen."
"How I feel being allergic to cats on Reddit."
"When I see &quot;hi reddit this is my first post&quot; on the front page..."
"When I find an interesting link and find out it has been posted already"
"When I see my ex..."
"Whenever my PC friends make a joke about games that won't work on OS X."
"I feel like everyone forgot about this guy."
"I feel like everyone forgot about this guy."
"Think about this (x-post from r/trees)"
"Tired after a walk"
"Well  this is hawkward"
"This."
"Ta Dah!"
"TAAA DAAAAAAAA"
"Damnit God"
"If I recall my history correctly  this is the final boss America had to fight in World War II."
"When someone reposts my original content..."
"Shes the one!"
"Cheese Shredder"
"best reddit is down ad."
"This is why I'm afraid of 18 wheelers."
"Break?"
"Children rushing into Pikachu's vagina."
"One of the best trolls I've seen..."
"Thanks for the support  Reddit"
"The best trophie of all..."
"It's the little things in Reddit sometimes."
"It's the little things in Reddit sometimes."
"Insert soccer joke here"
"found this while stumbling  all i can say is wtf."
"I've never been so jealous in my life."
"Fuck. The. Police."
"Whenever I See someone Like Their Own Status"
"The first time I saw a girl naked"
"Natural Selection just misses..."
"A close call but just for these three"
"Why I am glad it is not the 1930's Halloween. (X-Post from r/WTF)"
"Man has sex with hibernating bear!"
"Making Bathroom Time Fun Again"
"Simply insert tube into your...WTF?!?! NSFW"
"Engineering Flowchart"
"Why do I love this scene so much?"
"He looks delicious!"
"what i felt like the first time i went on ThisIsWhyImBroke.com"
"stophittingyourself stophittingyourself stophittingyourself stophittingyourself stophittingyourself"
"When I try to post for Karma"
"Here we go Will!"
"Fresh Prince of Rage Valley"
"OMG... Becky's not even Hott..."
"Futurama sums it up pretty well [X-Post from r/funny]"
"You know you went aww."
"BatKitty! (X-post from r/funny)"
"I cannot lie... I like this."
"A beautiful image from a massive fire last night."
"Taken as a local business burned down (Windsor  Ontario)"
"I feel  sometimes the walls move..."
"When you are at work and you open a NSFW link thinking it can't be that bad"
"When I accidentally click on a NSFW..."
"Sad but true."
"My usual attempt at hooking up"
"What normally happens when I tell a Christian I'm atheist..."
"Warriors...come out and playeeay"
"Ugly Baby."
"spartan facebooker pursuing eugenics"
"Found it in the ocean. I swear!"
"There was a spider in my room. I tried to kill it. There's nothing in the tissue."
"&quot;Please help&quot;"
"This is the kiwi Reddit deserves  but not the one it needs right now."
"The kiwi Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now."
"Seal bomb"
"No"
"Not giving a musical fuck."
"Can't. Stop. Watching. (Corgi jumping into water)"
"FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!!"
"googled...&quot;best picture ever&quot;"
"While you guys argue about your cats and toilet paper  try dealing with this.[Fixed]"
"Meanwhile  at a rec dance in Russia..."
"Had a bad day? This'll tickle you"
"I see your baby polar bear being tickled  and raise you a baby otter being tickled."
"...wut..."
"Excellent."
"DIABEETUS"
"Up close on a wet insect."
"Huh..I never thought of it like that.... [FB]"
"Fruit stand."
"Lucky You! Scarlett Johansson just got a new tattoo"
"Oh  you know. Just a parrot drinking tea."
"A cage."
"I'll never see it any other way"
"Just Jew it."
"Cats - They will never hate you because of your religion"
"He hates you"
"The Dangers of Texting"
"When I wake up in the morning still drunk"
"And so it was..."
"One year ago today  my father unexpectedly passed away. This is one of my favorite self portraits he took when he was traveling around Europe during the 50's."
"Fictional character portraits transformed into near photographic life-like portraits."
"Obama wears a pip boy and rides a unicorn in a Vault suit."
"Beautiful and Creepy at the same time [maybe re-post... idk]"
"Library Train!"
"Literally all day"
"Never noticed he got them both in the face!"
"I heard this subreddit wasn't WTF enough"
"The Sweet Escape"
"Sweet Dreams are Made of Cat"
"The world's first lolcat? (Artist: Harry Whittier Frees)"
"Before there was the internet"
"Umm  so watcha talkin about?"
"They might have got us on this one..."
"This was me at the club last night."
"How I Imagine High School Raves"
"Spicy Conan!"
"Shit...."
"Dat crater."
"I took the road less traveled by  and that has made all the NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Great Dog Costume? Or Greatest Dog Costume?"
"Today I learned how gummy worms are made. [nsfw]"
"somebody's been drinking on the job..."
"What a smart idea.."
"Words of wisdom."
"Smaller fish keep their distance when a black tip reef shark swims amongst them in shallow water in the Maldives."
"How I feel whenever someone says &quot;there's lots of other fish in the sea.&quot;"
"How it feels when a post unexpectedly gets lots of upvotes"
"so that's what it feels like"
"Like mother like son"
"So thug"
"Would you live here?"
"Would you live here?"
"Fuck this..."
"Skunk likes kitten verrrrry much."
"Playing this as a kid  I never imagined the impact this single game would have on gaming."
"Real life slender man....fuck"
"Cake. Space cat. Karma. etc."
"How I feel when I click on a NSFW link in r/WTF"
"How I feel redditing with my parents nearby."
"Thinking in the shower..."
"Horny 2012"
"Then it's working wonderfully."
"Whenever I sign up for an account"
"Attempted Murder"
"Given level = zero fucks."
"The artist"
"Such is Life"
"Classic Bill Cosby"
"whenever my son stays at my parents for the weekend"
"How I feel when someone upvotes my post that has 0 upvotes"
"i wouldn't mess with this father and son..."
"Mom! What are you doing? No  mom! Stahp!"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn."
"You just can't look bad in these things."
"My all-time favorite picture on the internet"
"Damn it Scruffy"
"Best Peter moment ever"
"little chipmunk"
"Fool's Gold"
"Don't fuck with Cash4Gold."
"Still one of the funniest things I've seen on the interwebs..."
"Someone give this guy a fucking medal."
"This is gold Jerry!"
"The Beard Chart"
"The Trustworthiness of Beards"
"Still makes me laugh every time"
"I'm in advertising!!"
"Seahorse: &quot;ah  you are right mr diver. It is a quarter to 9&quot;"
"The USS Annapolis surfacing from under ice"
"The girl scouts seem to be taking more drastic measures..."
"There you go"
"Did someone say faceswaps?"
"I probably would have crashed and died"
"Pretty much sums it up."
"Almost caught him..."
"I see Jake and Finn every time I see this"
"It's all good"
"I did the imgur 5 letter chalenge...i'm content with my findings"
"His awkward moment is better than yours..."
"That's unfortunate..."
"My new favorite picture of President Obama"
"The hard truth"
"Game of the Year 2013"
"Swiss Army Hand"
"I mean  it's your brain!"
"Youtube These days"
"That thing looks infected..."
"Obligatory Cat Picture for cake day."
"Beets by Dre"
"Beets by Dre"
"The slide for bad kids. [Fixed]"
"Shredded Baby from r/wtf"
"The Freeman who waited"
"Just realized it was my cakeday. Found a gif describing how I feel since I have no photos of my cats readily available"
"what happens when i get a chewy piece of steak"
"Ahhh Yeaa.. OH SHIT  SHIT"
"I vote lemon."
"My expression when I click on a '/r/spacedicks' link to see what all this commotion is about"
"Well... that escalated quickly."
"the lion loves you"
"Alright. Who gave Leonard a drink?"
"When I'm drunk  I become Jeremy the Lion."
"Sympathetic lion"
"I guess i won't be swimming in the ocean again"
"Today on my campus  UW - Eau Claire"
"I found this to be pretty funny..."
"You know you're unemployed when this is attractive"
"ta"
"I don't know why everyone hates Nickleback so much. I like them.."
"365 days after joining this site I present; The genius of reddit"
"It's Dangerous To Go Alone - TAKE THIS"
"Every time I go to a coffee shop... [FIXED]"
"Just Like that."
"I love how old Nick shows would throw in jokes like this for the parents"
"Instant headache"
"What it's like closing Reddit"
"What happens when I leave reddit"
"Going to bed with your reddit post on negative points and waking up with 1000 extra karma"
"This appeared on my facebook today"
"Such a douche move"
"allah akbar"
"Frank the cat"
"Its just funny! [6]"
"Al Pacino and Christopher Walken"
"Chris brown gif... What where you expecting?"
"when bachelor christmas parties go wrong...."
"Happy Holidays Everybody!! [NSFW]"
"Very clever  London Underground... (Cross-post from /r/unitedkingdom)"
"Just a friendly warning at the London Underground."
"&lt;inserts particle physics joke&gt;"
"When I hear that my teacher went to a My Morning Jacket concert"
"I'm so happy"
"The Messiah's Return"
"Socially Awkward Penguin in Class."
"Not the time brain... not the time"
"At least I didn't go home and change"
"My brother told me it's because he didn't realize the game switches players each level. I told him this was going straight to Reddit."
"I told you not to use bleach"
"Well it's not like I'm using my body anymore"
"People who say swag  i will laugh at you even more now."
"Grandma I told you not pull up my favorites!!!"
"Grandma Logic.."
"Scarred me for life"
"r/gaming didn't appreciate this as much as I did."
"Juicy Jess"
"When college girls started going to my gym"
"I wanted my mom to make this cake  but couldn't find the image anywhere. She made this instead."
"They say it's better to be pissed off  than pissed.. through?"
"Baby?"
"Chief.mp3"
"Oppan Robot Style"
"It stands there  judging you"
"I do this every night..."
"All I can say is LADIIIIIIES!"
"If I could get Dawkins in my bedroom with just little enough light..."
"Morrissey with a cat on his head"
"Diving faces"
"Weee!"
"This is one dedicated employee."
"Awks."
"Great pyjamas  but I think I'm going to need an explanation on this one..."
"Desperate Star Wars fan"
"He's and avid fan i guess..."
"Stumbled upon this on Google Images. Certainly brings new meaning to &quot;Human-Cyborg Relations&quot;"
"lip syncing cats"
"Whoosh"
"Slowest Basket Ever."
"Sunset in Indiana"
"Slam dunk the sun"
"Chimera Lobster found in Massachusetts."
"Whenever I get a tough math problem right..."
"I locked my keys  phone  wallet  and AAA card in my car"
"So there was once this movie Zardoz and it was about the future"
"This is why I love Science"
"Why the dinosaurs really were made extinct..."
"Cynical Cat strikes again."
"How I feel when I see video links."
"My boss asked if I was going to lunch"
"This is why you shouldn't buy an iPhone 5."
"Somebody spelled &quot;sin&quot; in raw meat on my car last night while I was at work. I'm pretty puzzled."
"This man will dance to any music"
"I almost want to try this"
"Still Waiting"
"I see you sexual business name and raise you.....this"
"Oh you hate your job?"
"Tom Hardy after wearing his Bane mask for TDKR"
"Tom Hardy on the set of TDKR without Bane's mask on. You can really see how tight it must have been on him."
"HIFW I joined reddit and uploaded my first post"
"Dat feeling when you make it just in time"
"Never ignore the advances of a love struck tortoise."
"Blatant turtle post"
"That's what Jesus would want (x-post from r/facepalm)"
"Who says you can't teach an old dog new tricks?"
"Don't worry he can still call back"
"Fail.."
"Hungry hungry hippos in real life."
"Check out what Microsoft sent me for the 10 year anniversary! [Fixed]"
"The day I look and see that Battlefield 1942 has 0 players online"
"When I noticed a spelling mistake two seconds after emailing a potential employer."
"How i feel downvoting unworthy posts"
"A depiction of a Christian argument. (xpost from r/funny)"
"What it's like trying to keep my car clean"
"For the past 6 years  a German shepherd called Capitán has slept next to the grave of his owner every night at 6pm"
"True love."
"Best Goal Ever."
"Taken 2."
"How i feel when i see people complain over classes/work at 8 AM"
"when I subtly come out to my family"
"When my friends call me gay for going to dance class Friday night instead of bar-hopping."
"Hit me with your best shot"
"The only reasonable reaction to excessive PDA"
"All I want to do when I see couples making out in public."
"Like a boss."
"Before i could afford PC games..."
"Whenever someone I don't recognize waves at me"
"This kid knows what's up"
"After my wife got pregnant for the third unplanned time..."
"My girlfriend promised to let me do anything I want in bed if I reach front page"
"As A DBZ fan sitting in traffic"
"Five dolla Bill Murray"
"Squids in spaaaaaace"
"I know I will be downvoted for this  but....."
"A luchador... on a motorcycle... at a protest... being fired on by riot police"
"Rainy Mood"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"DERP"
"Get on the floor"
"Perfect timing."
"DAMN Eclipse you scary"
"My first attempt turned out pretty bizarre."
"I dont even know"
"Some awesome and inappropriate old ads."
"Happy Talk Like A Pirate Day! Aargh!"
"Superhero Math"
"Skrillex drops the BEES"
"Drop the Bass"
"(something except the punchline) xpost for /r/pics"
"Star Wars Meets Politics"
"Meanwhile in Britain: Wreckage and his Dinosaur"
"In case of fire:"
"I feel safer already"
"your average redditor"
"Indubitably"
"I don't even know how to title this"
"Dinkleberg"
"So pretty..."
"mfw I destiny bond an Outraging sweeper"
"Russian ac"
"Loading: 50% complete"
"Crowd at the London Olympic Closing Ceremonies"
"As a black man  this stereotype is mostly true"
"Matt and Karen go to Korea"
"Cantaloupe"
"There's a goddamn difference!"
"You know the goddamn difference between a cat and a kitten."
"Boxer and horse"
"FUCK"
"Biggest pizza fail of all time"
"Apple in 10 years [FIXED]"
"Disco"
"Something about this just screams Twin Peaks at me. You?"
"Disco time!"
"So Fresh"
"Silly Elephant!"
"That's not how it works...."
"Carrie Fisher AKA Princess Leia"
"Yeah I'm mad"
"Every time a comment I thought of has already been posted"
"Do a lil' dance..."
"My new favorite .gif!"
"Baby boobs tattoo. [NSFW]"
"Time to relax!"
"my reaction when I see a quality r/gonewild post"
"Facebooked an old HS acquaintance who was always doodling in class. Found this gem in his online portfolio."
"Moombathon"
"This popped up on Facebook. I haven't seen it on r/atheism yet so i'm just gonna leave this right here."
"If it wasn't offensive  it wouldn't be funny"
"How I fuck bitches"
"Would you buy one?"
"Best cat picture in the universe."
"Possibly the best picture made from cases of pop I've ever seen..."
"Hey pal "
"This just made my day: A squirrel got it's head stuck in a halloween decoration and terrified a neighborhood."
"Squirrel got his head stuck in a Halloween decoration.."
"When will I be diagnosed with that?!"
"I fear it may become an epidemic..."
"Cats love chasing lasers"
"Saw this over in r/pics... all I could think of was the loot!"
"This simple flowchart is the answer to all of life's problems."
"If only my state would advertise like this!"
"&quot;How to understand women&quot;"
"Brains in a bathtub. /wtf.nostalgia"
"Election results 2012 vs. Civil War map 1846"
"Familiar faces"
"Not a national tragedy but still"
"For cats only"
"Mystery solved."
"So this is how a sewing machine works.."
"One way to find out if you're allergic to wasp stings"
"Map of USA  for generic names of soft drinks by county (Soda  vs Pop  vs Coke)"
"San Francisco Police Department is looking for help to find this person."
"Phoenix July 4th Meetup"
"Left 4 Dead 2 Charger Explained."
"TIL Quagmire is left handed."
"Laser Pointer Time"
"When someone informs me that my link is a repost"
"Peruvian army captured a human size bat...."
"So I Googled Vin Diesel..."
"Always backup! Actually made me LOL."
"Chick-bike!(xpost r/motorcycle)"
"o.o"
"&quot;Did you vacuum today?!&quot; yelled the mother  I quickly fled to safety."
"Our Amazing Earth"
"Grandma loves a taco."
"When i reach double-digit upvotes"
"stop...stop....STOP!!!!!"
"Just an angry frog. Move along please..."
"The cutest animal on the planet  according to Google."
"Looks great on him"
"Whee!"
"Boise State Football equipment truck hit a cow on the way to Southern Miss... Ain't that some bullshit."
"Boise State football equipment truck hits a cow on way to Southern Mississippi"
"Boise State's equipment truck hit a cow on the way to Southern Miss"
"Boise State Equipment Truck hits a cow"
"Boise State's equipment truck hit a cow on the way to their game against Southern Miss."
"My schools equipment truck hit a cow..."
"Man's best friend"
"Bittersweet"
"Man's Best Friend"
"this kid will someday get revenge."
"Here's a picture of Alfred Hitchcock directing the lion MGM opening"
"Scooby-Don't"
"How getting downvotes makes me feel."
"What i imagine people who type in all caps look like."
"New Year celebration Dec. 30  2011 in Edinburgh"
"Prohibition Rally"
"Whenever the keg runs out at a frat party"
"this might have already been posted here"
"So close."
"I want to swim here."
"Awesome pool (Marina Bay Sands development in Singapore)"
"It'sa Meeeee  Money-o"
"This GIF always makes me laugh"
"How I feel when getting a prostate exam"
"The Prestige"
"A bully called my friends and I &quot;The fruit basket.&quot; We were inspired. Here are our uniforms for our school's dodgeball tournament."
"Meet the goblin shark aka The Things My Nightmares Are Made Of"
"I don't know if this picture is real or a hoax .... Whichever one it is ... it's still really messed up !!!"
"What a bunch of greedy ostriches!"
"Ladies  look at your cat. Now back to me."
"My friend's cat"
"Mark Twain with a kitten on his shoulder."
"This subreddit in a nutshell (x-post from r/funny)"
"I Don't Know How It Came Out This Way"
"Waving bear says  &quot;Hello there Reddit!!!&quot;"
"Obama Chillin (x-post from r/pics)"
"I hate waiting for my student loans to come"
"Being a young atheist that doesn't have a choice in whether or not he goes to church on Sundays or not."
"Is It Racist?"
"Darn kids these days with their Nintendos and colorful flashing lights and zippity zops and frazzle snazzles!"
"Demon Bill Cosby performing his dark magics"
"My Favorite Debate Day Face Swap"
"I've had this as my background for a while now. Thought I'd see what reddit thought."
"Just a beach"
"He will be the most upset about hostess closing."
"When you overhear a conversation and you hear your name."
"Photo from latest North Korean rocket launch"
"North korean rocket launch"
"Meanwhile  in Japan... [sfw]"
"I would survive Zombieland simply because I would do anything to have sex with Emma Stone"
"Happy Birthday Emma"
"I feel kinda bad for my kids"
"Faith in humanity restored."
"Starting bid: US $550.00"
"A mummified cat slam dunking a mummified bird. Only $750."
"Cuteness overload."
"Every time I think of something brilliant and post it on reddit but it doesn't make the front page"
"Birthday Skeleton [1600 x 900]"
"I don't even"
"Season's Greetings..."
"I guess it's that time of year again"
"And to all a good night..."
"So I Google Imaged &quot;Happy Holidays&quot; today..."
"Season's Greetings"
"Where's Tobias?"
"Queens can do that too"
"&quot;Rooks can Do that Too!&quot;"
"Waking up every morning during steam sales"
"Nintendo's New Ad Campaign"
"Oh my potato"
"Who remembers this one?"
"Putin on the Ritz"
"Some dabble in candy or soda  others do bikes..."
"Can we tow your OH SHI-"
"Highway Wombo Combo"
"Cookie monster likes drugs."
"Whut. ._."
"This replacement ref was probably great with banana peels in Mario Kart"
"Very true"
"You never saw any bystanders get winged on the Death Star"
"Every redditer's childhood dream"
"The Laughter House"
"National Geographic  never fails to amaze me."
"It's in my jeans."
"The past and future of flight"
"Apparently Nazis have a thing for milk..."
"Neo-nazi milk footbath"
"What exactly is going on here ?"
"Whats the internal temperature of a Tauntaun?"
"Will Smith's ears did always strike me as big..."
"How I felt after finally beating diablo 3 inferno."
"When they aren't looking."
"Tips-N-Tricks"
"I forgive you Mechwarrior Online"
"didn't see that coming."
"I know that feeling bro"
"How I feel as a Canadian..."
"Hole in one"
"Meanwhile in Lithuania..."
"Hot Air Balloon Piano"
"Sounds like a plan"
"I've seen some things.. horrible things."
"My reaction to making the front page of the Breaking Bad subreddit"
"Saw r/spacedicks for the first time"
"The first time I saw the valve logo"
"i shall call him Squishy and he shall be my Squishy"
"Just hitching a ride"
"Put on DoYaThing by Gorillaz and watch this gif... can't...look...away..."
"Home alone chick"
"Beard Slap Magic"
"Cute Kitten Sleeping"
"Don't smile  or your face will crack..."
"Just me at my job interview..."
"Um gonna kick this ball... Stupid ball."
"Wait a minute..."
"Tuna."
"ET cum home!!! NSFW"
"Stunning photo of an octopus near Vesuvius  Italy"
"Octopus"
"Hmm... Where is the gym leader?"
"Maybe at wrong gym??"
"Ugh  I have to use the human again"
"Use the force."
"I googled 'how to offend reddit'  and found this."
"Every damn time!!!"
"I shall play you the song of my people!"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Tulip farm in Holland"
"First time seeing boobs.[SFW]"
"If you are a nobama...you will find this hilarious!"
"My friends call me Biggles"
"Whoa...."
"Fat Guys Love Cake!"
"Who else thinks this game should be released on PSN?"
"You know someone had to do this for them to put this sign up."
"Tunnel Vision"
"Awesome fisheye lens [2560x1440]"
"Walking on water (xpost from r/coffeewithjesus)"
"Mega-Choc disapproves (xpost r/Pareidolia)"
"Yes  yes it is."
"As an Obama supporter  my reaction while watching the secret Mitt Romney fundraiser video:"
"when I submit a post and keep refreshing the page to watch the upvotes rise."
"Can someone tell me whats growing under her chin?"
"You want a physicist to speak at your funeral. (x-post from r/awesome)"
"you would think one of them would learn to wear a rubber... or just not fuck. (X-Post from /r/imgoingtohellforthis)"
"How I feel when upvoting someone"
"Fuck this  I'm tired of this shit"
"Squirtle used pizza toss!"
"TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA SQUIRTLES"
"As a black gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis..."
"when the IRS informed me that my refund check would arrive an extra 4-6 weeks later than the promised date..."
"How I feel as an Apple user on Reddit..."
"Saw this on FB today"
"Hatin they be..."
"Bro..."
"Do you even sift??"
"Remarkable note in a bathroom stall"
"Screwing with nature to make pretty"
"After 5 minutes of /new"
"Are you still a virgin?"
"Poorly drawn I warned you."
"Now for that watermelon."
"Sweet  Sweet Watermelon"
"Taken on the pier today on my first trip to Seattle. You guys have a great city."
"Rubik's Cube Fruit Salad (from DIY.org's Chef section)"
"On the ragged edge of the world I’ll roam  and the home of the wolf shall be my home. - Robert Service"
"I ates too much."
"Me after my morning fap."
"Me whenever my soon to be father-in-law says something I know is clearly incorrect"
"*knock knock* house keeping i come clean your OH LAWD"
"dildo fail"
"Karma's a bitch [FB]"
"My thought exactly..."
"What comes to my mind when i hear about the WiiU"
"Kill it with fire from the depths of hell!!!"
"Decode your teen's TXT lingo!"
"Siberian Bear Hunting Armour"
"How to Spot Americans Abroad..."
"Meow that I have your attention..."
"Everything they touch turns to shit"
"Security detail:"
"What Star Wars VII I going to be like."
"And this  my friends  is why you should never talk on the phone in the bathroom"
"I laughed so hard  I think I cried."
"Why you shouldn't talk on the phone in a public bathroom"
"And Now For Something Completely Different!"
"Move  I must show the internet my sexy dance!"
"I put in my resignation a week ago; they keep telling me how much I'll miss working here... Miss?"
"Chocolate covered banana aka &quot;dick pops&quot;"
"my reaction when a friend gifted me morrowind on steam"
"some face swaps just make me feel uncomfortable."
"Romney face swap....what???"
"Totally."
"I'm a grill..."
"I crack myself up sometimes"
"My roommate just got home and told me lost his virginity"
"When the top comment is a clever pun"
"Mother goose protecting her young"
"Seems legit."
"Enjoy your nightmares."
"They say New York is the city that doesn't sleep. Have you seen ...."
"Here's Jimmy"
"Stared at this for far too long and now I'm scared to go to bed."
"BFM"
"Le Fap adventure le OC le"
"Today I got dumped  crashed my car on the way home and found my apartment broken into when I got back. This is me right now."
"I got pissed off and googled &quot;Fuck Everything&quot;"
"Sup"
"Haters gonna h- OH SHIT !"
"it's shit like this  4chan..."
"The power of food..."
"PR done right"
"You are not so scary  slendy."
"It's a bird! It's a plane! It's!..."
"I want pepsi."
"Ridiculously photogenic Horse!!!!"
"Tank Muzzle-flash (dont' know the model of the tank  sorry) [1624x1183]"
"when i do something right the first time"
"Tonight I became the ultimate wing woman  I got my friend laid  when living in a completely different city."
"I'm so proud."
"Arctic Fox Pup BLARGH"
"When you accidentally &quot;Like&quot; a swimsuit photo of a girl whose facebook you are creeping on."
"Here i am  Ladys!"
"A hot shower"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Couldn't stop staring at this."
"Forever Milhouse."
"When all my friends are hanging out with their other friends."
"I wasn't talking to you"
"Well  that's one way to steal a chicken..."
"Parents in a Half Shell"
"Oh  Workaholics  you give unfunny people like me some great pickup lines."
"When I get rejected trying to pick up a girl"
"Watermelon baby"
"When that sin gets high enough..."
"LEEEEAAAVEEESSS"
"This shouldn't be as disturbing as I find it."
"I sea you don't have the time.."
"My that does look comfy..."
"A goddess among mere mortals"
"x-post from /r/funny"
"When GameStop &quot;Just ran out&quot; of a game I want [GIF]"
"My reaction to seeing Clint Eastwood at the Republican National Convention"
"When I click an image link only to find out it Lemon Party."
"Father  son and elephant"
"Sychedelic rainbow over Mount Everest  very rare moment."
"I think these clouds will impress you."
"Oops"
"Me in the library."
"Oh  hey mom"
"Tom Brady???"
"What happened to your legs?"
"Hey there  Delilah... (NSFW text)"
"Science can be mean"
"We're gonna need a bigger boat"
"WORST FLESHLIGHT EVER!"
"Meet Promachoteuthis sulcus  a bizarre creature straight out of your nightmares."
"SPOT ME BRO"
"can someone reverse this please? slightly NSFW"
"Move out"
"Compiled quite a few gifs for my cake day"
"After my last trip to r/spacedicks"
"Living on a college campus  I see a lot of people use this bad boy."
"I've seen a lot of shit  but I will not stand for this."
"Silly Christians! This isn't how we think!"
"I'm terrible with these kits"
"I laughed. I'm going to hell."
"Actions speak louder than words. (fb)"
"Actions speak louder than words"
"Slap!"
"Hey..."
"averting used to be so much better"
"A female Lockheed employee works on a P-38 Lighting (1944) (xpost from 2XC)"
"I wonder where this ladder goes..."
"Just Steven Hawking running over Jim Carrey's foot with his wheelchair."
"I don't know what dubstep is. Now I'm not sure I want to."
"Historical accuracy"
"Little Bill doesn't mess around..."
"Oh Garth"
"Perfect Lab Table"
"Thor's Well in Oregon  US"
"The Worm guy"
"Whenever a girl needs help and asks me &quot;for a hand&quot;  I'm like..."
"Best Buds"
"When I search the new section and actually find a funny post."
"Thought I'd just put them all in one place"
"MUST. HAVE."
"The Avongers"
"Notorious BANE"
"You have my permission... to dance"
"After having sex for the first time."
"When it's my birthday  you have my permission to dance! Happy birthday tom Hardy  you talented  magnificent bastard."
"So I Googled &quot;Nicolas Cage on crack&quot;..."
"Back when Activision was actually good"
"Well  that escalated quickly"
"I totally want one..."
"I see your lion penguin  and raise you this husky penguin"
"Just in case there are people who haven't seen it yet.."
"World's Most Skilled Sniper."
"Iraqi jumping jacks"
"Blood falls  Antarctica. That's a tent in the corner."
"Whenever I see my state mentioned on reddit!"
"Super Mario World"
"Found something interesting on Facebook."
"Ex-post from r/lgbt  Putting Things in Perspective"
"A savior arrives."
"The Cycle of All On-Line Content.. [FIXED]"
"I have lost friends to this game"
"this gif is wtf (from The Graduate I think) also  it's what everyone should do when someone is listening to music with headphones so loud it is escaping the confines of the listener's ears..."
"i kind of want to do this."
"Domesticated silverback gorilla...amazing."
"Domesticated silverback gorilla (xpost from /r/funny)"
"Domesticated silverback gorilla...amazing."
"Found this on my facebook feed"
"A dutch revolt has hit the streets..."
"The Karma Bank"
"Oh Bill"
"The Sarcastic Fringehead Fish"
"How I feel now that football is finally here"
"American Power"
"[fat cat] xpost from r/pics."
"Could you understand the loneliness of a cat?"
"NOPE. I'm good here."
"How to disable a cat (for sure)"
"Planetary litter."
"Feels"
"When someone upvotes me..."
"When I try to downvote an awesome gif that I've already seen"
"Lab Partners"
"No gorillas"
"When girls find out that you're in a band...[FIXED]"
"The Moses Bridge"
"Christmas is cumming..."
"culo culo culo"
"Pokebattle!"
"Saw this on 4chan last week. Discuss."
"Together through the good.. and the bad"
"To all my Latino redditors"
"Batman sings in new Dark Knight Rises photos"
"Rape spree"
"May be a repost  but WTF?"
"Tactical humps"
"Nudist used Hyper Hump!"
"Wtf Leg tattoo"
"Minute length"
"Just Minnie's dress."
"Here's a pic of my newly rescued kitty!"
"Soft kitty  warm kitty  little ball of fur..."
"Very true"
"'MERICA"
"Murphy's law in full effect"
"Listening to a rich friend talk about their awesome vacation"
"Asian Family Reunion"
"No matter what happens  always remember..."
"Childhood ruined"
"How a lot of people feel on 4/20"
"Goodbye Sesame Street?"
"I think we need a break from all the cats and dogs pictures. Anyone like cute baby hippos?"
"You guys like hippos?"
"How I feel when trying to be productive."
"Seriously..how?"
"Sleepy..."
"What people on Facebook must think will happen..."
"Deodorant."
"discovered a grammatical error on the front page of my website - it's been up for months"
"ABS"
"Back to school supplies"
"The problem with our schools these days."
"Just what kids need.."
"Who does'nt bring kitchen knives to school?"
"Made for reddit."
"Neil With It"
"Real Life Comic"
"Now THAT's a good Cosplay."
"This is going too far now."
"Awesome designer sunglasses."
"When talk about &quot;how offensive ______ is&quot;"
"Racist google  I thought these were things of the past?"
"Honor dog"
"Best moment on this show ever."
"Welp  that's enough internet for today."
"I'll hold off on buying the iPhone 5 until this is available"
"In honor of Ubisoft's claims of 95% piracy"
"After 5 seconds on 9gag"
"Found this gem in the paper today."
"I hope they get more in their redundancy package"
"Tulip fields in the Netherlands"
"This traffic cone is stuttering"
"This was run in my school newspaper and has caused quite an outcry from students"
"How I imagine taking in a cat would be like."
"Agressive Reddit Couple."
"Googled &quot;reddit couple&quot; to show my SO something and this popped up..."
"Wheres the fork? NSFW"
"A True Warrior"
"National Geographic's traveler photo contest winner."
"And people say penguins are flightless birds."
"Which one does not belong"
"God bless you dad."
"God bless you dad. (Xpost r/funny)"
"Released 5 years ago today...."
"How I feel [every damn time] after I get off reddit"
"Dat pizza hit the spot..."
"How I feel each time someone steals a post"
"Oh snap!"
"Minecraft-Slendy crossover"
"a dinner at slender's"
"Hey Reddit  wanna see Miley Cyrus's boobs? [NSFW] Maybe fake?"
"I've always wondered why Reddit loves Emma Watson so much."
"They decided to change it up a bit..."
"War does not determine who is right... Only who is left. [1920 x 1088]"
"They called him &quot;weenie nipples&quot; in high school. He's the only person in the world possessing nipples fit for eating."
"If yah don't like AMERICUH then you kun git out!"
"A Scanner Darkly [gif]"
"A Scanner Darkly"
"The new age of siphoning gas"
"Every day I'm..."
"This chicken could beat you at a game of pool."
"Arise..."
"Best protection ever"
"So this is where it comes from.."
"I can see videos of decapitations  gore and autopsies calmly. But this... This shit right here... Makes me cringe every time... [NSFL]"
"My last date  in a nutshell"
"Hey guys"
"I'll give 80$ to anyone who can get me this sweater."
"That's a Penis!"
"Now Listen Carefully... [xpost from r/funny]"
"Barely literate mantis"
"It wasn't me  honestly"
"How I view people who posts screenshots of themselves burning people on Facebook"
"When I submit a link to reddit and get only 1 upvote"
"Cutest nap I've ever seen."
"mfw I get the automated letter telling me that the subreddit I made this morning is now popular."
"I found God on the dance floor..."
"Figured you guys would like this."
"LOL Cats love milk"
"Scull eye"
"Wise words (x-post from /r/gaming)"
"Happy birthday indeed... [nsfw]"
"Jesus Killcam"
"You racist!"
"Dream Big"
"Never have I been more curious."
"North Pole Sunset"
"Tension: the killer on the road"
"Mr Bones Wild Ride"
"Mr.Bone's Wild Ride"
"What the hell is going on in this courtroom?"
"Duckface precision."
"We got a letter! (repost from Facebook)"
"Deal wi-arghhh"
"Deal wi- AAARGH"
"Deal with i-AAARGH!!!"
"I just want one guy!"
"People like this."
"Are you fucking.."
"Grandpa what the fuck"
"Camouflage dog"
"Camouflage"
"So  yeah I found this."
"Just when you thought it was safe."
"Transformers Final Countdown"
"Incredible Thai handicraft... Carved from a single piece of wood"
"Don't know what to say to this (Dragon Ball Z)"
"forever alone"
"Polar bear on a broken-up ice floe north of Norway"
"My reaction to the State of the Union Address"
"My reaction when someone comes in the dorm bathroom whilst I am shitting."
"Aww  it's so cuAAUUUGHH"
"I feel a lot safer now"
"That Feel While Getting Down-voted."
"Swag"
"NOPE"
"Here is a picture I saw on the internet about a year ago. I hope it gives me fake internet points."
"The single most infuriating thing on the planet. [Fixed]"
"A Real Ninja Turtle.."
"Almost as good as the old one"
"Pretty much how I look when I dance after drinking"
"This isn't my blanket."
"We're still doing watermelons  right?"
"bum-trumpet"
"I couldn't think of a title for this."
"Old man magically changes clothes"
"The internet in one image."
"Fuck that..."
"Daniel Radcliffe on self confidence"
"Oh  Brazil..."
"If it fits..."
"Happy 18th birthday  son!!"
"This is what I'm getting my son..."
"You know who likes to move it? Batman."
"Move your body (xpost from r/gifsound)"
"Move your body (xpost from r/gifsound)"
"It's time to upvote things other than cats"
"What is that"
"Meanwhile in Australia  a public service announcement"
"An important PSA for tourists considering visiting Australia"
"Sandy delivers"
"Sandy  I need water"
"Dangit spongebob!"
"Need Water?"
"Sure thing spongebob"
"I love this picture. Good old Spongebob"
"Hurricane sandy"
"Redditor camps out to take picture of airplane  all for that first class  airborne karma."
"So  my girlfriend decided to Rule 34 food..."
"Theodore Roosevelt's pocket diary on the day of his mother's and wife's death."
"When my hands are wet after going to the bathroom"
"Drying your hands when there isn't any paper towel"
"Once in a Decade Chance to Propose (seen on fb)"
"How I feel after riding my bike to work for two weeks straight instead of driving..."
"The game that ruins friendships!"
"Jump in  the water's fine!"
"Newborns are so beautiful"
"This is so dirty  I don't even... (SFW)"
"My first time going to r/spacedicks"
"When accidently open (m) links in gonewild"
"Sadly  I have had this reaction while almost engaging in intercourse..."
"Me during particular episodes of Spartacus"
"Well that has to suck"
"I think this gif needs to be appreciated again! I've never laughed so hard!"
"My favorite pic of Obama. I like to imagine he's snapping his fingers &amp; singing &quot;In The Still Of The Night.&quot;"
"Passing on a birthday tradition"
"Just a normal week explained to you by CATS!"
"Hurricane Sandy."
"Sandy's pissed..."
"Hurricane Sandy has a vendetta."
"Composite shot of hundreds of planes taking off at Hanover Airport"
"How I feel when nobody laughs at my joke."
"When I finally get to 3rd base"
"How I felt when I told my Friend about Reddit and ruined his marks."
"Staying up ten minutes later than your bedtime as a kid."
"The Evolution of Nintendo's Controllers"
"Don't hate me.."
"It's hard not to hate"
"How I attempt to get out of fights with girls..."
"What it feels like to have mail when logging in to reddit."
"Whenever I find shows from my childhood on Netflix."
"What the US uniforms should have been [fixed] [fixed] [fixed]"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE (x post /funny)"
"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Great... but do it again with a poptart."
"This is how it feels working on a holiday at 3:30. Not a single fucking left to be given."
"Perhaps the most underrated SNES game"
"Just bought the complete dvd set of this amazing show. I am pumped."
"Hygiene"
"Easily offended."
"When I argue with my girlfriend"
"Shotgun!"
"Sarah Jessica Parker  go home. You're drunk."
"To anyone playing Slender in the near future  keep this picture in mind"
"Slendermans retarted cousin ……"
"Extreme parenting"
"Double Standards.."
"Things you can only do with boys"
"how Facebook should be used."
"everytime i find the hidden snail (adventure time)"
"24 astronauts were born in Ohio"
"FWD: Fwd: Waitress thinks she won a TOYOTA  turns out she misheard!"
"What is wrong with me?"
"I'm just gonna stay off &quot;social&quot; sites for a while"
"College professors don't know me so well"
"I think I'll just leave this here..."
"Can We Please Bring This Back?"
"I could never play Twisted Metal as a kid  so this was my substitute"
"Water in Space"
"No more churros!"
"They told me no more churros..."
"Guess Barack Obama REALLY likes ponies..."
"New favorite photo of Obama"
"I don't even know what to say here.. but.. LULZ"
"When I really hate a post and it's comments."
"I never thought I would say this  but I agree with this church sign"
"To the rescue!"
"Cut Loose Panda"
"Listen to any music while watching this panda"
"Dancing Panda"
"This panda will dance to any music."
"I'm in between candidates  but here's one thing that would make Obama a lot better."
"Seeing an Olympic swimmer remove their swimming cap  only to reveal a second swimming cap."
"My reaction when I saw that this was the original version of this gif"
"If only sonic was this cute..."
"Clearly this didn't work"
"Just falling from the sky!!"
"Who thought up this design?"
"Sacks Of Love."
"Sacks of love of sacks of love [FTFY]"
"Aha! I like it!"
"Just a fox sticking his tongue against a window"
"What a rude dog!!!"
"a puppy mauling to stock screams"
"Bukacarrots?!?!"
"completely SFW bukkake"
"That's one way to cut grass."
"Why have you cursed me with these chicken hands!?"
"Miley Fucking Cyrus? WTF? Are you kidding me?"
"Shower time"
"I don't know which is more disturbing--the tattoo or the leg"
"Gif Mashups"
"My commute to work after school finally lets out for Summer"
"something fascinatingly relevant"
"Oh Ewan.."
"The Ministry of Silly Walks"
"Africa face."
"Trombones  seriously!"
"Depressed Pidgeon Mascot"
"literally every person who crosses the street in front of me"
"1930s Betty Boop cartoon: Not-so-subtle stereotyping"
"Young Christopher Walken"
"Taste the rainbow motherfucker"
"the most epic picture ever taken"
"The content of this post will not surprise you in any way."
"Dayummm  girl."
"When someone you think is really cute in a profile pic  but then you meet and realize..."
"Pure Awesomeness"
"Oh.. No  I wasn't.. I was just.. Shit."
"Just wondering."
"This is a baby macaque from India (x-post from r/pics)"
"my reaction when I see a wall of text"
"He likes"
"For those who want to watch the full Red Bull Stratos jump but cant find it."
"eHarmony. You're doing it wrong."
"Oh yeah that's the stuff"
"Louis C.K. Comedian/Masturbator"
"Epic gym photobomb"
"This little guy was eating people near where my father works in Africa..."
"22 ft - 2 500lb crocodile caught in Africa just off the Niger River."
"Gustave  Killer Crocodile From Ruzizi River at Lake Tanganyika in Burundi Africa - This dude is said to have eaten over two hundred ppl  including seventeen in one documented three month period"
"Plenty of fishes they say? This is what describes my relationships..."
"Butter"
"Cool Ghoul."
"My new pup"
"mershed perderder nom"
"One does not..."
"the neighbor kid has been coming to my wife for haircuts now for about a year. this summer he asked for a &quot;wooly gecko.&quot; ...she's practicing on mannequins so she can do it."
"Kansas State Mascot Kicks Kid In The Face"
"How I felt today"
"How it feels today"
"Fuck this shit!"
"How I feel at 3:30 every day"
"My favourite NDT tweet of all time."
"Quite possibly the cutest hybrid ever"
"When your statics homework answer matches the back of the book."
"A masterpiece"
"Instead of a knife.."
"My reaction towards an unexpected good grade on a test"
"My friend made it to the front page of reddit yesterday  it was his 2nd day."
"When I found out at 10:30 pm that today is my cake day"
"Sitting at an [8] and I see the Hula Cam at Burning Man video."
"titties"
"Whenever I lose a 10 million dollar account and my boss gives me a hard time"
"How I feel when my spelling mistake is corrected"
"Me trying to get to the front page"
"Justice"
"Uncomfortablility level=99"
"Chicago at night."
"Best.Takedown.Ever."
"The next bestseller"
"Why Not...?"
"So I was looking up pictures of the kraken on google  and this is what it came up with."
"Taking the most important photo of the century"
"Taking the most important photo of the century"
"Eagle is not amused"
"Do you think this is a mother fucking game?"
"Here's a profile picture I shot of my friend for Facebook."
"Shut Your Beak"
"Sexist bird"
"Marriage!"
"Redditor bought two boxes and just added one to the original 15."
"Whenever I lose an argument in comments."
"Reasons why I don't give Australians shit...."
"Murica!"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn..."
"Googled &quot;Hurricane Sandy Jersey Shore&quot; to see how bad the damage was. I was not disappointed."
"Misunderstood Kittens of the sea."
"Bruce Lee playing pin pong with nun chucks  like a boss"
"HIFW I take the kids I babysit out to lunch"
"Eat Your Vegetables"
"Tallahasee  from Zombieland  upon hearing that hostess will be going out of buisness"
"Thug Life"
"U.S. AIRFORCE AIRCRAFT CHART"
"When you see a mosquito on your friend's shoulder"
"Yes Fox News  yes they are."
"How I feel during most of my exams this semester..."
"Wardrobe malfunction"
"Abraham Lincoln. Now in Color!"
"I don't even care that it's an ad  whoever thought of this deserves the biggest hug in the world."
"Book I found in the hood."
"Little Johnny is going to become an artist."
"Abed Knows It (X-Post From /r/gifsounds"
"The unappreciated hero of Reddit"
"Just catching some rays..."
"Come on baby"
"In one word: Catballs (nsfw)"
"What i imagine teachers think when a student interrupts them."
"It's simple..we carve the batman"
"The best door in Paris!"
"I don't think this ad is advertising what it thinks it's advertising."
"Me so holy"
"I &lt;3 Batman!"
"I live with 4 other women. We're all on the same &quot;schedule&quot; So once a month for an entire week..."
"Drop the Dancefloor"
"Drop the bass"
"How I feel about re-posts"
"This was Drawn on my Dorm Room Door"
"This was Drawn on my Dorm Room Door"
"Kangaroo got pwned!"
"Asshole bird"
"uhhhhhhh"
"Obama is not impressed"
"Barrack Obama is not impressed"
"POTUS not impressed."
"Why is Obama so god damn fly?"
"Seychelles  Africa"
"For Science!"
"That's a little much!"
"SOON."
"Welcome to the real world."
"Bush Viper"
"I like hores"
"lightning caused by ash eruption"
"Louis CK on the ten commandments"
"Kids Today"
"Here is a picture of Neil Armstrong right after his first e.v.a. on the moon."
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin shortly after walking on the moon  1969 [x-post from r/historyporn]"
"White Girl Problems"
"Can I get a hot-tub!?"
"What do you mean that's not the answer!?"
"When I almost slip but I somehow regain my balance"
"Not sure if paralyzed or unconscious"
"Beets"
"Beets"
"Beats by dwight."
"Ron Catson"
"My attempt at cheering up Grumpy Cat."
"How I genuinely felt when I realized I missed my cakeday..."
"My reaction after my first semi-successful post"
"I'm not sure that I should laugh"
"As a child I was proficient in this instrument."
"Fucks Given? Not today old Chap."
"Fucks Given? Not today old Chap."
"Patrick Star"
"For those I love  I will sacrifice."
"When my professor tells us she's a redditor and plays Skryim"
"Found this on my facebook wall..."
"Series of photos showing the exact moment a tank shell hits Syrian rebels"
"In Soviet Russia..."
"Bieber's first (and only) hit"
"But don't quote me on that (x-post from r/youtubecomments)"
"Cool statue from France"
"I don't even know what to think."
"Nature's toothbrush for your colon...?"
"Little baby rabbit"
"High resolution picture of an ant biting a finger."
"Close up of an ant biting flesh."
"These guys look familiar for some reason."
"Bacon Logic"
"Awesome Horse Fountain"
"Epic fountain is epic."
"What i imagine should happens to people who get down voted into oblivion"
"I think my eyes are bleeding"
"No Friggin Way"
"Pandora Radio has come a long way..."
"Who says humans can't fly?"
"Hi there. Thanks for the beverage."
"How reddit deals with reposts"
"Beer Pong"
"Here comes Santa Claus  here comes Santa Claus"
"Merry Christmas in July! Ho Ho Oh dammit my back!"
"Ladies... ladies..."
"Baby owl"
"Yeah but can it run Crysis?"
"Must've been some damn good cake"
"He's back!"
"Friend on facebook posted this  what high-school has come to today"
"Amazing true story! [OC]"
"Stick bending"
"MRI scan of an artichoke [gif]"
"Probably one of my favourite pictures on the internet."
"He's definitely cheating on her."
"He's sleeping with the tooth fairy I just know it"
"This may be the cutest bunny i've ever seen"
"Please give me a carrot  please give me a carrot  pleeeaaaseee"
"After 20 years of marriage  this is how I handle a debate with my wife[FIXED]"
"Oh really christian?"
"I see your Nope Workout Plan  and I raise you this acrobats on a ledge of the Empire State Building in 1934."
"After all these years of gaming  there is still nothing scarier than this..."
"oh youtube"
"This was on my news feed."
"How I feel seeing the amount of PMs I get after writing a dirty comment."
"This frog ate a light."
"Yum."
"Mr. Bean doesn't always speak  but when he does he dislikes religion."
"Using Baskets Too"
"5 Gum"
"Hey guys  look who it is!"
"Baroque Obama"
"Why i love this show"
"Incoming!!"
"&quot;Let's kill a bum.&quot;"
"Just some dogs playing jump rope"
"Dogs. Jumping rope. That is all."
"How I see people who go on 9gag"
"Wiener!"
"Judgement Day is here"
"What In The Heck Is Going On?"
"It's Link!"
"I hate Australian restrooms"
"Not sure if I can ever use a toilet again...."
"When I just found out it's my cake-day."
"The Greatest Prank Nintendo Ever Pulled (Actually)"
"My most stressful moment from childhood [Fixed]"
"But why?"
"My favorite gif at the moment..."
"Mr. Busey"
"Apparently Dungeons Of Dredmor got a small bit of DLC while I was out."
"A personal favourite from Awkward Family Photos"
"Frozen Lake"
"A Frozen Lake (X-post from r/wallpapers)"
"Cleveland Orchestra doing Halloween right"
"Low five!"
"How about a low five for my cake day?"
"As an Aussie  this is how I see all of your damn football."
"Cat in heaven"
"You know your cat is in cat heaven when.."
"Do you want a bag for that?"
"The Most Frustrating Level I've Ever Played"
"Flying Scorpions"
"Yeah there is no point in even trying"
"Evolution is a bitch [FIXED]"
"A new era of nope..."
"When I to get lucky and my wife is mad..."
"As a monk who has had inferno act 3 on farm for quite some time now  this is how i react when i hear someone say monk is a weak class in inferno."
"Wildfires continue to rage through Texas"
"Redheads"
"Yes. John Venn would be proud of this diagram."
"If this is gonna be that kinda party  I'm going to stick my..."
"Just a regular motorcyclist in Japan"
"Walking out of your room after having some fun and your friends are outside."
"Coming out of the closet"
"Passing a test you didn't study for."
"Receiving indirect karma."
"Checkmate  atheists. The education system failed this girl miserably."
"Poor Jorge."
"Umbilical Phone Charger Chord"
"Umbilical iPhone charger?"
"That looks about right."
"Halloween fell on Dads weekend this year."
"Lamprey  easily the most terrifying thing I've seen today."
"Shut Up and Take My Money."
"The trees outside my window form almost a complete rainbow of color"
"It doesn't have to make sense."
"Pretty proud of my caption."
"At one point in our history  you could have actually voted for this man"
"I could never even dream to attain such level of class."
"Bleach It Away!"
"This really happened to me today [FB]"
"&quot;Jesus Take the Stupid Day&quot;"
"My Christian friend posted this on Facebook."
"For all parents  I just wanted to spread the word"
"Why don't christian woman understand this fundamental flaw in not supporting gay rights? [FB]"
"So I hear Christian Bale is actually an asshole."
"You think Lil' Bean is scary? I present to you  Weezy Bieber."
"So  I googled Justin Bieber and Lil Wayne. Wasn't expecting this"
"You have got to be kidding me."
"Water - Surprisingly accurate..."
"You wouldn't download rain"
"Let me help you there."
"Whenever a good song comes on at work."
"How I felt when Tim Tebow waved to me at a game"
"Baby panda"
"Presidential Krabby Patties"
"Uh....Seriously?"
"Best Space Sim IMHO"
"Would anyone else love a sequel to this epic game?"
"Wololo"
"If at first you don't succeed  you are adorable."
"When getting a girl the day after a breakup."
"Well that's a whole lotta NOPE..."
"Stalin at age 24  1902"
"You'll never guess who this is...."
"I need a micro-piglet."
"Me seeing Women's volleyball and Women's beach volley ball on at the same time but on different channels"
"Starting college tomorrow."
"i shanked him."
"Bad Brother"
"Your band sucks."
"Disrespectin"
"Watching people jump on the 90's fap-wagon..."
"Stealthy Attack"
"Only thing I could think of when I heard Will Arnett and Amy Poehler split up."
"The Beatles."
"Evolution"
"A day in the life of business cat."
"Fox"
"Dead puppies aren't much fun"
"Hadouken!"
"Mars [x-post r/spaceporn]"
"Meet Darren."
"Afroman"
"Who remembers this gem!"
"If you were a kid in the late 90's you will understand....Feed the Rush!"
"How i feel when my friend whose been a redditor for half as long as i have gets on the front page"
"I feel ya bro..."
"Logged of reddit for ONE hour and missed Obama's AMA"
"Suddenly... A wild oven appears"
"Double tap"
"How to give a 7 year-old a panic attack"
"Not just any Homework Site"
"Today's teachers make me fear for the next generation."
"Pokemon gone sexual (x-post from r/pokrmon"
"Who came up with these dialogues?"
"Over a Billion Fooled"
"Hospital food (x-post r/wtf)"
"Life Hacks"
"Amazing life hacks!"
"1 2 he's coming for y-OH SHIT!"
"I still wonder why they would put this above a urinal"
"Laughed so hard at a part of my childhood being destroyed..."
"Master Sword Zelda - Picked it up from 4chan while back"
"Flipping through channels  saw a show titled 'The Bubbleman'. This is not what I expected."
"how i feel calculating the grade i need to get on the final exam to pass the class"
"Troll kitty is wins all the things."
"You know you're JELLY!"
"I found this on Facebook..."
"It's made for cats"
"Boo"
"President Barack H. Obama"
"How i feel unsubscribing from r/aww"
"How I felt after seeing r/SpaceDicks for the first time"
"Please come back into my life..."
"Make donations where they count"
"Found while adding random letters/numbers to an imgur url"
"A little Halloween fun with my cat"
"After seeing the IRL Krang from Toddlers and Tiaras  I searched for some more Krang pictures...did not disappoint."
"Harry Motherfucking Potter"
"Seriously wtf?"
"Writing a children's book."
"Phone number in a bathroom?"
"Has anyone ever called?"
"Mini monkey"
"Living the high-life"
"Whenever I try to look intimidating"
"I woke up pissed and then realized it was my cakeday."
"best buds"
"Reddit  peering out the window."
"How I felt when my boyfriend of a year and a half broke up with me on my birthday..."
"$1 000 000 winner on the price is right"
"Whoever made this should die  even if they are black"
"How to lose the internet: Step 1"
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"When I was 6 yrs old  this book was fucking incredible."
"A picture of grumpy cat a day keeps the doctor away"
"I (don't) remember when I could do this."
"Only one song fits this so well...."
"Shakespeare knows how to get the bitches"
"Romney leading the charge"
"This moose knows you've been looking at his genitals. And damnit  he's pleased you did."
"Mr. Bean at his best"
"My home town"
"How to escape Reddit"
"500 Miles"
"Green Mall in Osaka  Japan"
"I also made you a poster to hang up where ever you want."
"Well I am going to be more careful in chatrooms now"
"With all the talk about pedophiles on reddit  this seems like the appropriate time to post this again."
"This is the representation of every single post I have made in Reddit."
"Dating after a long term relationship."
"This belongs here..."
"/r/politics [removed] [x post-r/soundgifs] Mitt Romney"
"The new i-phone connects with youtube..."
"The most uncomfortable jump pic ever"
"what is love?"
"Nugget Biscuit"
"Me when I get more than 3 upvotes"
"I made a tune  then I did this. Bwaaahaahaa!!! Love Gifsounds!"
"My greatest fear of losing my virginity."
"The rules."
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Happy Halloween from Australia [FIXED]"
"Shut the fuck up  Ernie!"
"How magnets work..."
"Whoever designed this ad should be force-fed a bag of dicks"
"(xpost from WTF) This is unacceptable. Proactiv should be ashamed."
"What it feels like to post a meme  and THEN spot your spelling mistake..."
"I don't agree with Planking  but the Scottish know how to take it to a whole other level."
"Too far to scroll ..."
"Teenage first world problems."
"Southwest airlines"
"Well there's also the baby...(madden FWP)"
"my life... is explained."
"This pretty much sums up my week so far."
"&quot;I like Big Bird.&quot; [OC]"
"One amazing K-9"
"My grandma just got a computer and she calls me for help every once in a while. Today my uncle sent her an email and she called me saying &quot;it says I need to click the chrome icon and I can't find it.&quot; I got to her house to see this email..."
"Cut My Life Into..."
":)"
"Whenever I'm alone in my basement and hear a strange noise."
"Action body shaper! Quite the party."
"How about this creepy watermelon art?"
"I believe i can fly"
"Peacock feathers"
":D"
"Oh hey girl..."
"Hey Buddy  You are an A-Hole  not a genius."
"Getting nailed on the cross"
"Beer with Jesus (courtesy of 4chan)"
"You're not fooling anyone  Google."
"When you see it"
"When Ebay meets 4chan."
"Yeah  pretty sure this belongs here."
"Whenever I see gang signs written on bathroom stalls..."
"How I feel as a college student. [Fixed] How I feel as an adult with a 9-5 job and trying to have a social life."
"George Takei"
"Awesome amputee elephant."
"If Only He Knew"
"The sexiest woman on earth (in this girls opinion)"
"Stop what you're doing! Here's a pole dancing rabbit."
"One of my favorite gifs."
"I wonder how many stars it got."
"Realistic Patrick Star"
"Amazing lightning as seen from bridge in Austin  TX"
"I think about it too..."
"How I feel telling people I'm a Redditor"
"Just cats playing Tennis"
"They're evolving....."
"When I found out about Santa Claus..."
"The most comfortable seat in MY house..."
"Passive-aggresive Jesus"
"When I have days off."
"It's just out there. Like that. Dude  come on. Really?"
"Birds"
"Meanwhile  on this side of the internet..."
"University of Texas evacuated due to &quot;threats on campus.&quot; In other news  Alabama and Mississippi have flip-flopped on the issue."
"Dog Homie"
"I did this a year ago  but have no way to verify it other than my FB page  but here's my pumpkin carving from last year."
"Bitch I'm Aquaman"
"Aquaman Dance Flight"
"The real reason you should be terrified of Paul Ryan (x-post /r/PoliticalHumor)."
"All my religious friends on FB"
"Every religious debate I have ever been in"
"decided to hack my boyfriends facebook.....this was his default for 24 hrs"
"Bringing it back"
"Gay Unicorn"
"saw this on /r/imgoingtohellforthis"
"This little Elmo goes along with this song perfectly [xpost from /r/pooplikethis]"
"How I poop when I can't poop"
"a good poop"
"How I poop when the motion sensing lights go out"
"Getting ready for a night with my hot hot hot boyfriend."
"I'm INVINCIBLE!"
"Suggesting gay marriage in a conservative area"
"who else has done this?"
"That one friend you can act stupid with"
"Cats &amp; Big Macs"
"Handy safe-sex flow chart (according to the medieval penitentials)"
"Hmmm.... too many carrots? I don't think so."
"Whenever I try to jump aboard a karma train in the comments..."
"my friend saw her while at petco"
"The origin of Homophobic seal [link to webcomic in comments]"
"This Election Day  don't forget to..."
"Baby huskies eyes of innocence"
"The long and short of the NBA (x-post from r/nba)"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Nicholas Cage the Elephant"
"Here's a girl punching a sheep"
"From my friend.. I... I MUST HAVE IT!"
"Kitty Hittler. r/awww?"
"Pikadouche (gif)"
"When my friend's girlfriend asks me about one of his exes."
"Probably a repost  but still my favorite fucking gif on the internet"
"Dramatic Dog"
"That's not what your mom said last night."
"Damn  I hate when this happens!"
"To prove he was home alone...."
"BOMBOMBOM"
"For all you redditors out there."
"in case you don't get any tonight ..."
"I am stronger than you!"
"NOT to be fucked with!"
"YEEAAAHHH!!"
"FSM_and_Raptor_Jesus. Love this pic"
"My Virginity"
"How I feel when people complain about teenagers."
"the trouble with unicorns?"
"No title necessary  just the best gif of all time"
"Ridiculously photogenic savior."
"Hypnotic albino peacock"
"Those Parking Skills Really Payed Off"
"Cars Swallowed by Grass at CMP Block in Taiwan"
"Google does not have my back..."
"Dammit Manfred! You screwed it all up!"
"The 1.26 seconds it takes for a pulse of light to travel from the Earth to the Moon."
"&quot;You can literally name your kid anything&quot; —Louis CK"
"My little brother sent me this picture."
"I will destroy you!"
"This image is a repost"
"Whenever I click on a r/WTF link"
"Every time I open up a link to r/spacedicks"
"This happens to me in every Bethesda game..."
"So I wandered into r/Penis today"
"Tortoise faceplant[FIXED]"
"How I felt after clicking a link to /r/gggg"
"Noon..."
"Confused baby flamingo"
"Bill Nye  The Fucking Science Guy."
"My reaction when someone I don't know too well gives me a hug"
"MFW a girl I just met says she loves me"
"The Presidential Debate drinking game"
"I assume this is what the Joker looks like without makeup...."
"What did I even"
"Space!"
"Maybe Nokia should sue Apple..."
"It's Fathers Day this Sunday in Australia  why not get your dad what he really needs.."
"Dad's been spoilt =["
"I can picture some ten year old boy  not knowing what they were  and giving them to his dad. What would you do?"
"Spoil dad this Father's day.."
"How did you guys forget about this great game based off a movie?"
"When ever I get down voted too oblivion"
"How I feel after I embarrass myself."
"I'll just leave this here."
"Shine on  you crazy diamond"
"I'm confused...(gif)"
"My favorite Venn diagram. [Fixed]"
"There really is an app for everything!"
"Redditor writes e-mail and sends it to himself all for the karma"
"Probably a repost..."
"Oh.....so that's where gizmo came from."
"You'll shit bricks when you see it."
"&gt;Be a bear"
"Chicken Embryo"
"I always wondered where baby pumpkins come from!"
"Doctor Who's Cybermen / Daft Punk's Robot Rock"
"i have yet to find a song that this robot does not dance well to"
"A man I sincerely miss from my childhood"
"Mice on mouse action!"
"I see your treacherous walkways in high places and raise you with a Jeep out for a drive."
"NOPE"
"When my post reaches the front page."
"How I felt when my link karma went from 1 to 2."
"When I see the upvotes pouring in"
"Anybody who managed to comment anything at all in the Obama AMA"
"He can't be touched"
"My favorite face swap"
"Had a bit of a rowdy night last night. I dont remember much but I found this on my phone when I woke up"
"The story of Fort Friendship - Summer Camp Day 7"
"4chan on Pokemon"
"33 Days to Festivus! Please share your stories of Festivus Miracles!"
"Suspicious suitcase bomb threat averted at UIllinois"
"I knew I was small compared to the universe...but damn!"
"Simply my favorite gif..."
"|o|"
"There's a joke here somewhere but the cuteness is distracting."
"Is this ever going to be released?"
"Oh Deadpool. . . ."
"Adam Savage: No One is in Charge"
"No one is in charged  and that's pretty awesome isn't it?"
"Who are you voting for next erection?[nsfw]"
"When I think of Emma Watson [NSFW]"
"Chris' Boots"
"This never get old"
"Thanks Sandy"
"Challenge accepted."
"Of all the things that could knock out power...."
"So this was in my town during hurricane sandy.."
"Found this on facebook. Sandy isn't too fond of trampolines."
"Figured being on Long Island  Sandy would knock out the power  didn't expect this to be the culprit."
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk"
"It makes the Manly Man  Manly."
"Death Toll"
"The Da Fuq Dance"
"Pixelated Mario in 3D (x-post from /r/pics)"
"blows my mind"
"Hitler looking at a 80 cm 'Gustav' railway gun  1941-1944 (640 × 494)"
"under a watchful eye"
"When I realize I have a stalker because someone liked all the pictures of me on Facebook"
"MFW my ex tells me her latest boyfriend has been cheating on her."
"When I look at the alarm clock and I see that I still have one hour more to sleep"
"Bill Nye delivers"
"If I ever decided to learn dance... I will use this."
"Beautiful Dance Moves"
"Seems like a good idea to me."
"OMG gaiz look at my awesome origami I made!!!"
"OMG gaiz look at my awesome origami I made!!! [Fixed]"
"Meth is a hell of a drug"
"Never ending aww!"
"Struck gold my first time playing imgur roulette!"
"It was worth a try Leo."
"In your dreams... (found on facebook page Dolan)"
"MGM Cat with Audio"
"A spider finished for the night"
"Averthorn has a problem what do you guys think"
"Because I am a cat"
"When I was a boy..."
"My face when I finally installed RES"
"My face(s) when i see an average wtf post."
"Cheezeburger has been had"
"Yes  yes you can."
"I guess the stereotypes about cuisine in that part of the world are true."
"Pure Fucking Awesome."
"Elephant in Africa"
"New &quot;miracle&quot; product: Believe in God - Instantly!"
"The KKK on a Ferris Wheel - weirdest one i've seen in a while"
"I Triple-Dog Dare You"
"My new comeback"
"When I'm on question 40  but bubble 39 on a test"
"2 cats cuddling  your argument is invalid"
"Faceswap"
"&quot;With his exceptional hearing a red fox has targeted a mouse hidden under 2 feet of crusted snow &quot; writes photographer Micheal Eastman. &quot;Springing high in the air he breaks through the crusted spring snow with his nose and his body is completely vertical as he grabs the mouse under the snow.&quot;"
"amerrica!"
"To amazing to only be on r/gifsounds"
"Stunning Photo of Atlantic-Norway Ocean Highway"
"As a chicken lover this is how I felt after I learned about Chick-fil-A's anti-gay position."
"Hey mom  I'm home from school. (FIXED)"
"This is a joke  right?"
"This emu is a fucking pimp."
"Duh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh ROCKY!"
"Hermit Crab in a Glass Shell"
"Too soon for Asperger's Syndrome?"
"The mysterious beauty of colour [gallery]"
"Emma Watson... at her finest..."
"My favourite photo of all time. [x-post from r/emmawatson] (not sure if nsfw)"
"bat man meets my little pony"
"I don't even...."
"A droplet of mercury"
"The littlest baby Panda I've ever seen."
"Just a little guy"
"What we don't get to see (NSFW)"
"His face says it all..."
"And you thought you didn't like the nut shot"
"When it's Friday night and I'm waiting for someone to call me with plans."
"Any Steam users want this coupon? I have no use for it. First to message me on here gets it."
"Susan B. Anthony"
"meanwhile on a russian beach....."
"More Jam Mom..."
"More jam mom."
"First cakeday  favorite gif."
"I would stay at this hotel"
"Classy"
"[HIFW] I perform oral sex on a woman"
"Types of labradors"
"when girls on r/gonewild say that can't find any guys to have sex with them"
"...Double face palm...."
"Took me 3 hours...but I finally did it..."
"Ummmm..... Wut"
"He must be rich by now."
"How I feel when someone downvotes my posts."
"Get off my lawn."
"my fav fruit"
"DarkwingForce"
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [FIXED]"
"He must have heard there was opportunity in NYC"
"That's totally why..."
"Would you?"
"I see your little devils spawn blobfish and raise you a Finding Nemo Villian"
"I see your little devil spawn blobfish and raise you this angler fish."
"Thug Life"
"Arguing with a friend about our house when he lives four states away"
"Does not compute"
"Quite humorous I must say"
"What happened when I tried 'Oppa Gangham Style' on Siri"
"the original Good Guy Greg."
"50 Cent got shot..."
"1 beer  please."
"EAT THE FROG DAMMIT!"
"Pic of Mumbai railway station yesterday."
"Pic of Mumbai railway station yesterday."
"When you stare into the abyss  the abyss stares back at you..."
"Every time I hit refresh on a link I just submitted."
"/b/'s most secret sexual fantasy"
"Have you tryed switching it off and back on again..."
"When I'm vacuuming  and I hear something I think is important get sucked up."
"Pupcakes"
"On my FB feed..."
"Three Princeton students pose after the Freshman  Sophomore snowball fight. 1893. Princeton  NJ. [650 x 943]"
"Princeton Students after a 1893 snowball fight between freshmen and sophomores."
"Raid"
"The real reason why Spiderman wasn't in the Avengers."
"How to kill a ......Spider"
"Well  Goodbye virginity."
"Karma is a motherfucker."
"where!"
"How I feel when i see a post get shot down due to bad grammar"
"What I think about having a three-day work week"
"Maybe She Wheel"
"Degrassi Drake"
"So I play Magic: the Gathering pretty much every week with this guy."
"I forgot to take one  important decoration down from Halloween..."
"Meanwhile eggs in Japan..."
"Sunny days in Texas..."
"Whenever I post something to r/atheism"
"Oh Leo  you rascal"
"Military truck drop"
"Dat Ass."
"We can all agree on this one. It really annoys the shit out of me."
"Cowasaki"
"Tiny Hippo Comic reworked into a wallpaper."
"But Their Clothes Are So Kampfy!"
"What is that invisible thing in their hands?"
"Fucking lag..."
"God DOES understand our problems...."
"Not sure if a repost but made me laugh"
"After viewing the Emma Watson leaked sex tape"
"/aww didnt appreciate it..."
"/aww didnt appreciate it..."
"Putting a Little Color to Destruction"
"the ginger bread man in a college class (fill those seats!!!)"
"seriously?"
"So this is where all these pregnant teenagers are getting influence"
"Thor [X-Post from Pics]"
"how to explain sex to children"
"A new twist on Chia Pets"
"My girlfriend wants a new house  patio  pond  brand new kitchen  home cinema AND some privacy from the kids. Here's what I've got:"
"When someone asks me if I watch Workaholics."
"Unce Unce Unce"
"just passing time..."
"Always gets me..."
"Professional genius hackermaster's facebook statuses [x-post from cringe]"
"I'm always the yellow lego"
"This Angry Bird has had enough"
"When I realize I've made a typo after hitting submit.."
"Refreshing."
"How I feel as a dishwasher who is working today when someone says to have a happy labor day"
"Damn he's cool"
"How I feel with only 15 minutes of work left on a Friday"
"Southern Lights from Space"
"they see me rollin [fixed]"
"The fuck you say?"
"My Karma doubled today  this is how I feel."
"What I think when I see reposts."
"It's like a swear jar"
"boots and cats"
"I'm just gonna leave this here."
"Talking to someone I find uninteresting"
"Whenever I see myself on a security camera"
"*creak*"
"Realizing that summer has ended  and classes start again tomorrow"
"2 minutes after saying  &quot;It's been an hour and I still don't feel my brownie working....let me eat a little more.&quot;"
"Victory"
"Is that supposed to make me hungry?"
"So I typed &quot;So I typed into Google&quot; into Google"
"How I have not seen this done before I do not know..."
"Just saw an ad for Google+ on TV..."
"Toilets"
"Bad Luck Brian works the night shift"
"wished a girl i like happy birthday"
"So bouncy."
"Oh no  you ate the cat."
"When my best friend fails to back me up in an argument..."
"Was just dumped! Never get used to this feeling."
"When you take your clothes out of the dryer and they aren't dry"
"How I feel not being able to celebrate Halloween because of a big exam in the morning."
"Badger Badger Badger"
"Psychological Torture - Frog Dad"
"How Redditors Roll"
"Why I don't have any friends"
"Marijuana - Harmless?"
"How I feel on reddit with no interest in the Olympics."
"Put him in the friend zone!"
"A lion in a side car  riding on a wall. that is all"
"America's Got Talent 1930."
"Now this was entertainment... anybody can jump over cars."
"Meanwhile  in 1929..."
"This is where my allowance went every week as a child."
"I'm 30  just bought the first new car I've ever owned. Haven't had it 24 hours and someones already doored it."
"Me  waiting for the end of Yom Kippur"
"Fat Cat cooking"
"Not recommended."
"The babes are back!"
"So cool"
"Shout to all my lostboys"
"So Humans versus Zombies is going on at my college..."
"My friend texted me saying that I was missing Snooki &amp; Jwoww series premier last night."
"When people say &quot;THIS IS MY FAVORITE GIF&quot;"
"I work in retail and this is how I feel every time a customer tells me a product is cheaper somewhere else"
"DOOMBA The Next Generation"
"Still relevant for this halloween"
"Close up of human eye."
"Proselytizing  atheist style."
"Every day."
"Change my litter  I gotta pee."
"Sunset at Cannon Beach  WA [604x377]"
"Meanwhile  in London..."
"like a penis"
"The Only Reason Why I Watch The Food Network."
"This is how the Pros play the game."
"Once the best  always the best."
"Like father  Like son!"
"Oh Kevin!"
"Manhattan bridge under construction."
"I was told r/nyc would appreciate this: Manhattan Bridge Construction ~ 1908"
"Fly creationism"
"Me and my girlfriend"
"Don't fuck with Liam Neeson"
"I think this subreddit exists for images like this..."
"I don't know where to begin"
"AMERICA"
"He will never stop hunting you."
"Pocahontas Is Your Lady"
"Dalvin and Holly"
"NOPE"
"He speaks the truth!"
"How I feel in class when i finish my work before the person next to me."
"Favorite gif"
"Oh Pinocchio! Yes!"
"Legit"
"Call the lawyers"
"I miss those commercials"
"This man's acting-range is mind boggling"
"That's not what they're for!!! (NSFW)"
"Black youth on the southside of Chicago  1941"
"How I feel when I submit a link to Reddit"
"They start so young!"
"Old advertisement geared towards skinny women"
"The frost on my windshield looks like mountains!"
"The fact that the NYU hospital is dark but Goldman Sachs is well-lit is everything that's wrong with this country. @kenshadford"
"Loneliness"
"Googled Camel Spider. This was the fourth image."
"Googled photobomb. Was not disappointed."
"Apparently the wind blew our empty sandbox around overnight. Here's the unsettling view from the bedroom window."
"Apparently the wind blew our empty sandbox around overnight. Here's the unsettling view from the bedroom window."
"Meanwhile  on Sesame Street..."
"Sherbert"
"Roller Coaster"
"Troll God"
"I found this jewel in an antique shop  it was made by a local artist and the teeth...they're fucking real!"
"Regular Show With Snoop Dogg [FIXED]"
"The stuff i find on my facebook newsfeed o.O"
"Hit Clips...anyone else remember this shit?"
"Turn it sideways and you clearly have a potato"
"king of cobra"
"john cleese."
"Well  I suppose honesty is good."
"This picture never gets old."
"Puppies &gt; children"
"Friend posted this one facebook; I thought it deserved better."
"Music - Now and Then"
"What beautiful eyes"
"ravioli ravioli give me the formuioli"
"This was the text I sent my sister before she died in a car crash"
"One for the fans"
"Importance of history."
"childhood ruined"
"Just like the olden days"
"A very cool &quot;mooning&quot;."
"Perfect purple line in a Hungarian forest marking the high point of a giant grape juice spill"
"Bieber is apparently filing a lawsuit against Reddit. (not sure if repost)"
"The Justice System is corrupt"
"Crack Cat"
"How I feel when I hear a girl fart"
"people when i tell them i deleted my facebook"
"When the urinals have no divider"
"Feeding time"
"The mind of men."
"How I feel most mornings."
"I do what I want."
"&quot;I look good.&quot; ;)"
"Look what I saw yesterday!"
"pi-ka-too cute!"
"Scumbag Pockets"
"Every damn time..."
"It's all your fault!"
"The person who did this needs to have an eye kept on them...."
"Accidentally found this and it cracked me up. Don't kill me if it's a repost."
"Beans"
"Beans."
"fuck you 3D tattoo you are drunk"
"X-Ray of a Stingray"
"Muahahahaha!"
"Guitar solo."
"He's replacing his car horn..."
"Climbing stuff  looking for secrets."
"Makes me laugh every single time... LOTR"
"Still my favorite gif (kinda long)"
"What if  we use a catapult?"
"My Grade School Reading Teacher"
"Hey guys  let's just cut in between these two c-ABLAFASDLKA"
"A whole lot of nope."
"Nope^10!"
"Hey guys  let's just cut between these two c- NOPE"
"Give your self plenty of room if you ever go moose hunting."
"If you could reason with religious people  there would be no religious people."
"I....I just can't do it...."
"The human imagination is infinite !"
"aw"
"This meme is overused"
"When my first post got downvoted..."
"Really ESPN? You couldn't find or didn't have a recent picture of Manning? [xPost from /r/denverbroncos]"
"Deflated"
"Binders Fulla' Women Release Party TBD"
"R-Money  Binders fulla women"
"Right in the childhood..."
"'Murica"
"Dairy is doing you wonders"
"FUCK DA POLICE"
"Redditor shits on his laptop and blames an innocent dog to appeal to reddit's cat fetish. All for that elitist kitty kat karma."
"Addiction"
"Someone might wanna clean that up"
"When I accidentally touched my eye after handling jalapenos"
"Chatroulette is down for maintenence!"
"Pedobear dance"
"christmas is coming..."
"ET?"
"CAWK KA CAAW CAWK KA CAAW!"
"My friends Fb cover photo"
"Found this a while back...thought you might enjoy"
"Living in the south sucks sometimes"
"Look what my friend found..."
"The cat charmer"
"cat charmer"
"Watch Scooby Doo because..."
"The chillest of the chill."
"Oh yeah..."
"Oh yeah..."
"Me after startling somebody on purpose"
"my daily range of emotions"
"being a basketball coach all summer"
"Airline screwed up  a friend just posted this on Facebook."
"Nicki Minaj in 2006"
"Nicki minaj was sexy in '06"
"Being asked to be creative at work when I have no creativity."
"Opposite Day"
"I need to buy one of these  then stand in an arcade during halloween."
"I argue against circumcision all the time. After today's ban in Germany..."
"I'm new to Reddit and I can't buy an upvote. This is how I feel."
"Just testing neural connections in my arm."
"Muffins"
"Yeaa muffins.."
"How me and Reddit get along.."
"I'm having some problems."
"Caught between calling this &quot;Stephen 'Swag' Hawking&quot; and &quot;They see me rollin' &quot; (2)"
"What the hell?"
"I have new roommates this semester who I don't know. I haven't even had a real conversation with any of them yet. This is how I feel coming home."
"Echoes + Samsara [gifsound] !!"
"I googled &quot;weirdest picture ever&quot;. This came up"
"High Res Image of Naboo."
"Goooood doggie....gooood doggie?"
"Oh  hey!"
"When my posts get their first upvote"
"Yum! Pizza!"
"What sorcery is this?!"
"Asians have the weirdest commercials"
"He likes bananas. (x/post from r/gifs)"
"The Meaning of Life...."
"Did somebody say bananas?"
"Banana man.."
"Who has fond memories of battling it out here? [Fixed]"
"Free Pizza"
"Episode three delayed another month"
"I can show you the wooooorld! [x-post r/gifs]"
"No photoshop! Snake bus to advertise zoo!"
"Heath Ledger skating over Batman during a break in filming"
"Saddest High Five"
"He only wanted a high-five"
"Just another self-shot photo"
"When my post gets buried immediately"
"I see your 8 a.m. class  7 a.m. post grad work  your 4 a.m. bakery  and raise you 5am CLOCK OUT  then a 8am start. (Sometimes I get no sleep for 2-3 days straight. - Sound engineer"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Stalin"
"Young Joseph Stalin  the original RPG."
"Oh  yeah."
"A few mind hacks for you to enjoy."
"More like the karmatrain to karmaville"
"Overly manly man..."
"It's just been one of those Wednesdays..."
"Someday."
"I want to be on this beach. ASAP."
"We all want Obama and Romney to fight during the debate but tthis?"
"How the election will turn out"
"Reddit's workout channel"
"Out of all the sandy pics I have seen  this one made me twitch"
"Does Your Dentist Accept American Express?"
"The diagram below best illustrates"
"The diagram below best illustrates"
"Lord Satan ..."
"It's a boy!"
"Is it bad that the only thing I can think of is  &quot;The ladies will love him  he's very well hung.&quot;"
"Get well soon!"
"Get well..."
"I don't think it will get well."
"Children shows."
"I missed my cake day but...."
"A small gem of wisdom from an unlikely source!"
"Me after getting to front page  only to have post pulled for political humor in r/funny"
"How i feel when i get a downvoted"
"reddit in a nutshell"
"Presenting Sir. Meowington  King of cats."
"Bow before your king."
"en garde"
"ytdyehyte"
"How I try to convince my girlfriend to have sex with me when she's not in the mood."
"portal clothes"
"Around the World"
"Star Trek Cat"
"About to hit 100 Karma"
"How to make chocolate milk [NSFW] nasty  do NOT watch while drinking!"
"Is This Your Cat?"
"Can I keep it?"
"I do beg your pardon  good human  but did you lose this?"
"I found your cat"
"I accidentally stumbled upon r/AskReddit"
"Me  when I learned POLITE_ALL_CAPS_GUY was andrewsmith1986"
"Not even from this subreddit  but when I saw it I couldn't contain my laughter."
"Humpire."
"Best nostalgia costume I've seen this Halloween"
"Surprise!"
"Dashing through the snow..."
"I would like one please - Imgur"
"This sidewalk art will blow your mind."
"I googled &quot;I googled&quot; because everyone keeps submitting &quot;I googled&quot; content  and I got this."
"Getting Back To The Roots With My Favorite WTF Picture"
"WTF material  yet still amazing."
"A naked man with tigers for nipples shooting rainbows at monkeys with flaming skulls riding zebras with lasers shooting from their ass."
"Thought this might be WTF worthy..."
"Puppy in jammies"
"A cow photo-bombing a horse stuck in a fence"
"Photobombing level 100"
"Just the cutest..."
"juat a baby leopard"
"A Baby Ocelot"
"pat pat"
"Please let this be fake."
"If only I could do this to buffer bars..."
"Pirate Pup"
"Faggot Dog"
"Every Single Fucking Day"
"When I'm down  I think of this. And it makes me giggle."
"&quot;You're charging me how much for the sauteed bamboo shoots?!&quot;"
"When you eat some where fancy and finally get the bill"
"Really... just..."
"Well you can't get much more WTF than this"
"Stealth combat kitty (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"Listen Jill  I just can't do it anymore."
"LPT: Surefire way to wake up on time."
"The kid on the right..."
"I got a salmon  I got a salmon  I got a salmon  hey hey hey hey!"
"How I feel during no shave November."
"what happened when my halo 4 edition shipped"
"Peaceful"
"Skyrim's incredible feats of realism"
"if you park like this fuck you"
"11 september.11 years ago.The world changed..."
"How I feel browsing /r/funny"
"How I feel in clubs"
"Me on r/trees as a person that doesn't smoke"
"Anybody that is still trying no fap September"
"Just in time for Halloween!!"
"I double-dog-dare you"
"Nick Cage Coming In Hot!"
"The Eagle in the AC3 trailer"
"Baby Platypuses....."
"Baby Sloth  as cute as you are...Baby Platypuses have you beat"
"Reddit needs more platypus"
"Eye Drops"
"First time getting 'Error 37' in Diablo III..."
"Me at high school locker clean out with 3 days of school left."
"Missed 23 hours of my cakeday..how I really feel right now"
"How i felt when my mom said we might start going to church."
"Fuck it all"
"What a perfect beginning to a day."
"Slightly Racist"
"I feel the tiniest bit racist for laughing  but only a little bit  because this will never not be funny."
"Casual Racism"
"Cham.pain (n.)"
"cham-pain"
"Best letter opener ever"
"Letter opener at the central office"
"McPimping"
"A punk meets a monk."
"Mexican Food"
"The nerd in me loves this. The dog in me just peed a little in fright."
"I just taught my cat to drive."
"sweet francypants castle on an island"
"I'm so British"
"I'm so British"
"When watching the opening ceremonies of the Olympics  this is all I can think of . . ."
"My girlfriend just started watching Downton Abbey. All I can think about is this picture."
"Soon..."
"Me after I watch a scary movie."
"How I feel if this post actually gets an upvote..."
"Two different levels"
"When I think I'm in control of a situation."
"Every time I think I've got something great..."
"When a post starts off good  then dies."
"even after seeing this  I'd still try it"
"How I feel walking into the bank to cash my paycheck"
"Some Families are Weirder than Others"
"Just your typical family photo. (NSFW)"
"Awkwardest family photo ever? (xpost /r/pics)"
"I moved less than a month ago - today is my birthday so this is me right about now"
"Hurricane Sandy brings a shark to New Jersey suburbs"
"mmmmm.... donuts"
"Revenge  sweet demented revenge."
"Pyramid of german helmets from WW1. (New York  1918)"
"Don't tell me..."
"Don't tell me..."
"Batman likes it."
"Bringing Numa Back"
"Spin me Round 70's edition"
"Hard to describe  but I bet you watch it way longer than you plan to."
"Grains of sand"
"Anyone checked out r/subredditdrama recently?"
"Fuck Carving Pumpkins"
"Starry night.. Made of bacon.."
"Halloween costumes from back in the day..."
"I need more of this in my life..."
"What Samwise was really on a quest for"
"The debate in a nutshell"
"The debate in a nutshell"
"What I wouldn't give to play with one of these..."
"I feel like r/aww could use a little break from cats and dogs. I present to you  the cutest Red Panda (AKA Firefox) on the face of the planet!"
"Popped up on my FB feed. Awesome."
"get well soon"
"Get Well Soon!"
"thats not happening..."
"Get well soon- warning roadkill(SFW)"
"SON"
"I caught my 8 year old brother on 9gag"
"Get out of here shark"
"say no to planking..."
"The adorable side of /b/"
"Kittens snuggling bears is probably the cutest thing ever"
"I dare you to find a cuter picture on the internet."
"&quot;What're you looking at?&quot;"
"Coming to dog food store near you."
"The Package is what it is..."
"Coming soon to a dog food store near you. Xpost from pics"
"Scumbag Buffalo"
"Taking the young cub for a walk through the snow"
"Funny Asian Fish Market Photo..."
"Hangovers are dangerous"
"Looks like a happy family"
"Sho 'nuff!"
"Vintage keyboard cat"
"Overly attached Cleaning Lady."
"Gets me every time"
"MAGICAT USED SPLASH!"
"Ridiculously Photogenic Fox (X Post from /r/Animalporn)"
"Note Passing; Gangnam Style"
"Folgers was wrong."
"A whole lot of redditors found out about the AJ method of upvoting"
"Posting to Reddit on a Friday"
"This dog must hate this kid"
"when i have a bad post  and someone downvotes my old posts"
"What reposts do to OC"
"Fuck you kid!"
"How Twilight should have ended... [pic]"
"Badass bird"
"I lol'd pretty hard at this  does that make me a bad person?"
"How the world will REALLY end..."
"When you absolutely  positively need to finish off Mario."
"When my friend says a pun"
"I'm pretty easy going  so this is what happens when I am asked for my decision on something"
"Whenever I'm down  I look at this and form a lot of unanswerable questions"
"I understand."
"Listening to someone talk about religion"
"my weekend so far"
"my weekend!"
"How I feel whenever someone's GIF doesn't loop."
"When ever I hear this song"
"Me when I realized I missed my cake day..."
"When I realized I missed my cakeday"
"Every Time I Hear That Song..."
"The most depressing thing in the world"
"What the Galaxy S Beam reminds me of"
"Whenever I hear about alternative transportation  I think about this [Fixed]"
"Baby God Father? Nope. It's Asian Mob Baby's Town Now."
"When I wear my new suit out for the first time."
"Nicely done sprite backgrounds"
"The look of disgust on the Gorilla's face is priceless (fixed link)"
"Disappointment and disgust."
"Ya nasty."
"So I searched the le googs for &quot;muscle man&quot; intending to find Regular Show's Muscle Man....All I want to know now is WHY?!"
"just got back from my trip to france  guys..."
"NASCAR would be much better if the races were more like this."
"How to make NASCAR watchable"
"Going home"
"Felix Baumgartner spacedive .gif"
"Feel better!"
"Get Well Soon Deer"
"Totally makes sense"
"Found this on my hard drive  still cant remember where I got it."
"I'm scared of toasters."
"Did an image search for &quot;dafuq&quot; and this was the 11th hit"
"It's just a BAGEL!"
"Clever Kids are Clever"
"i dont know how people do it"
"Spoon...."
"Your cake day  you say?"
"Bringing fighting to a whole new level."
"Ultimate seal Photobomb"
"God Damn I Love Chicken"
"Chris Brown's new tattoo of a woman's scared face. Can't tell if poor taste or just douchebag."
"Chris Brown gets a tattoo of a woman's brutally battered face. No  really."
"Super Classy Chris Brown gets neck tattoo of a bruised and battered woman's face"
"Shhh it will all be over soon"
"Classic Daniel tosh"
"Bicycle"
"Yo dawg I heard you liked Officer Ricky (xpost r/ hiphopheads)"
"My reasoning for everything on Reddit lately"
"when i put in a thumb drive the right way the first time."
"After busting my ass off and losing 30 pounds  my fat co-worker asked what diet I was on..."
"How I picture anyone who says they're married on reddit"
"when I write a piece of code and run it ..."
"I choose you!!!!!"
"When Christians Try To Justify Bashing Homosexuality With The Bible..."
"Every time I see &quot;(Insert game here) Logic&quot;"
"When ever some one does a IamA after Obama's"
"I logged in today and saw that I missed my cakeday"
"Pretty much"
"Tuck and roll (NSFW)"
"Bawesome."
"Cute baby polar bear"
"Baby Polar Bear"
"Baby polar bear  anyone?"
"Mesmerizing..."
"My God  it's full of stars!"
"Save me a seat in Hell."
"Someone I know on Facebook posted this disgustingly disrespectful photo minutes ago..."
"When my friend told me that Parks and Rec was a rip off of The Office"
"Finally broke down and went to r/spacedicks. My reaction:"
"When someone says  &quot;I'll miss Jersey Shore&quot;"
"Flight of the bumble Asian"
"true"
"How I feel after going through and upvoting anything that makes me even smirk a little"
"I don't post a lot here on Reddit. What I secretly do from behind the shadows of Reddit  is this."
"What I do to other posts after mines been successful"
"Got teeth pulled today. Usually I'm pretty thrifty with my upvotes. This is me after the Vicodin kicked in."
"For everyone posting the new Man of Steel trailer..."
"Sweet mother of awesome. (From DOMINION: Dinosaurs Versus Aliens)"
"If you're a girl that does that  fuck you. Stay single."
"Got to try this on Halloween"
"Why wouldn't you strap this down during a hurricane? (Milford  Connecticut)"
"Well at least the birds will have some fun tomorrow"
"Go home trampoline you're drunk!"
"Trampoline in power lines  Milford  CT"
"I know there are a ton of Hurricane Sandy posts right now  but I had to post this one."
"And who said trampolines were dangerous?"
"Go home trampoline  you're drunk."
"Trampoline vs. Sandy"
"There's no climax."
"every time"
"Great island."
"Where is this Island? It's so green and gorgeous. Good Golf course...[Pic]"
"When I'm receiving a blow job [SFW]"
"Realizing I'd have to do work  this was my reaction when trying to open Reddit yesterday"
"When you overhear someone say evolution isn't true"
"Fixed"
"How I react when someone spoils the ending of a book I'm reading."
"Me after reading the bible."
"When you see it..."
"Dat Ass"
"Coming in for a closer look..."
"Temple made of gold"
"The best balloon animal ever"
"Balloon Dinosaur (Inflated With Win!)"
"I am enrolling in this program next week"
"RAAAAAAAOWWWWWWWWWRRR"
"Little Pig Little Pig"
"Fabulous Bitches"
"sin(b)/tan(b)="
"I love a little math humor."
"How I feel when my roommate watches an episode of a mutual TV show without me."
"How I feel when trying to decide if my post sucks or if I just think it does because I've been staring at it for 20 minutes trying to think of a clever title."
"I saw Kristen Stewart's nude scene in On the Road...[SFW]"
"Ron Swanson"
"Well... This is a bit.... eerie."
"What Nyan Cat sees"
"One Day  Simba  All Of This Will Be Yours"
"You must never go there  Simba."
"Real Life Lion King...?"
"When I make a sarcastic comment on someone's status  and they remove it."
"I think Reddit is missing some baby skunks."
"......"
"I Don't Get It"
"Well  this popped up in my facebook feed."
"I found this on facebook.. O.o (not sure if repost)"
"Ah  the good 'ol days"
"Wtf  Etsy..."
"Every time I see an opening on Denver's interstate to merge"
"I go to an engineering school with a guy:girl ratio of 4:1. This happens at least twice daily"
"Please save me."
"it's like looking at a lava lamp"
"Oscillating Beach"
"Whenever I sit next to a friend in class:"
"In Middle School  whenever someone said &quot;Boobs&quot;"
"He never did get good at that game."
"Spidey is WHIMSICAL!"
"Oh I see what you did tharr. [Apple Maps]"
"A little Apple Maps joke..."
"Awesome Bathroom Art"
"Fuck.... (r/creepy)"
"You haven't lived until you've raved with Stephen Colbert"
"It kinda does..."
"The picture that made me join reddit"
"LPT: Cracked iPhone back? Use highlighters to &quot;pimp yo' phone&quot;"
"Cracked iPhone back + Highlighters"
"They weren't all gems..."
"The tour guide told the orangutan to pose next to us for the picture  and this is what he did..."
"Chewbacca riding a squirrel fighting Nazis."
"Chewbacca riding a Squirrel... and killing Nazis (x-post from /r/funny"
"I thought r/WTF would enjoy this"
"I actually said WTF to this. [NSFW] [POOP]"
"Life"
"My name is Snoop. I roll with the Animizzorphs"
"#2terms"
"How I feel when I repost something."
"&gt;.&gt;"
"How I imagine a reposter feels when someone comments that it's a repost... [fixed]"
"Dancing polar bear dances"
"TO THE FRONT PAGE"
"Please tell me it's photoshop"
"Definitely NOT shopped"
"So this just came up on my FB feed"
"So this popped up in my news feed..."
"The gold old switcharoo."
"Found this on pic on FB. Someone pulled the Ole switcharoo."
"Reddit meetup"
"Oh...my...god"
"o snap"
"Our fucking cat while we are out during the day."
"I remembered my cakeday"
"This is what happens when i get my internet back"
"Amazing Pencil Art"
"Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke Skywalker and R2D2"
"Russia"
"Medister - A danish specialty"
"well i lost my appetite"
"The Lunchroom"
"This took careful planning"
"Ron Swanson x Everyone's favorite dancing mom"
"OH GOD WHY"
"ooooh oooh oooooooAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!"
"Who else loved this bad boy as a kid?"
"There's a new &quot;Reddit Under Heavy Load Picture&quot;!"
"The two worst things I've seen all day"
"The Only Time I Ever Get Work Done"
"Too. many. upvotes arghhhh"
"I can't believe I just said that!"
"secret identity"
"My first thought when seeing my new girlfriend's bed for the first time..."
"Thank you Jesus..."
"Thank you  jesus..."
"THANK YOU JESUS!"
"You're welcome."
"Thank you  Jesus."
"Thanks Jesus!"
"This is what I always thought of when saying grace.."
"de nada"
"Thanks  Jesus  for this food"
"&quot;You're Welcome&quot;"
"Cakeday WOO"
"Apparently it's my cake day. You know the drill. Because cats."
"What are you thinking about  little duck?"
"Just Had Sex"
"like a glove"
"This is from a few years back during some pretty severe bushfires  but it still gets me everytime"
"At least the Mayans were right about something."
"poodle-moth"
"Reddit  I present to you the Venezuelan poodle moth."
"My face when parents are jealous of my freedom to do what i want."
"He knows it"
"I bet you didn't even notice the cross"
"How i feel about my facebook friends now that i can see when they see my message and ignore it"
"How I feel when My posts are immediately downvoted to zero."
"How I feel seeing the 8am  7am  and 4am gifs: I wake up at 6am for school  get home  and work until 8-10."
"A teenage gang of mopeds ran a red light in heavy downtown traffic  revving their engines and doing wheelies..."
"Poor Vader..."
"How I feel when trying to close reddit"
"Books! Headshot!"
"Those lousy stickers didn't even work."
"So I went to the beach today..."
"Iced Tea"
"Oh  snap. BURN!"
"Looks like we have a chance (x-post r/funny)"
"Blowout soon fellow Stalker! (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Amazing pic of thunderstorm in Nelson  B.C."
"Oh  the horror..."
"Found this on my phone after a very high night"
"Cool sand sculpture"
"This is what it feels like playing Mario 2."
"Just saw The Dark Knight Rises. Was I the only one who thought this? [NOT SPOILER]"
"The end of Dark Knight Rises [spoiler]"
"All I could think of at the end of TDNR"
"Attempting to start writing a paper"
"My favorite scene in the Gangnam Style MV"
"Reddit Upvote Style"
"What the fuck am I watching."
"Girlfriend broke up with me Wednesday. This will be me at the bar tonight.[FIXED]"
"Epic Nicolas Cage"
"Best Friends..."
"Oh Zelda how i love thee..."
"How I feel when my post gets one downvote and dies."
"Star Story"
"Opened up my laptop to see this playing..."
"An explination of online forums."
"Man skydiving over the Burning Man - xpost/rip from r/pics"
"INTERIOR CROCODILE ALLIGATOR"
"Interior Crocodile Alligator"
"Not sure if repost"
"My fear in the morning!"
"Talk About Priorities"
"Why does this exist?"
"know the difference."
"I will not ask again."
"Dick Otter."
"Kitty vs. hair dryer"
"Aww  look at that co-OH MY GOD"
"Life as a Redditor trying to earn karma and constantly being down-voted to obliteration"
"Would've been an even better WTF if..."
"No idea what is happening..."
"I'll just leave this here... [NSFW]"
"Googled WTF  this is the third suggestion"
"Can anyone explain to me what is happening?"
"Yeah what is this........no seriously?"
"Blinking Contest?"
"I think this belongs here..."
"No time to explain"
"My Study Habits"
"The last day of the year in school when you realize you no longer need your books..."
"How I feel seeing all the posts after that massive gif collection post"
"Someone work your magic and turn these papers into upvotes. Maybe downvotes as well?"
"My response to the airing of Kim Kardashian's wedding"
"Best Pizza Box Stack"
"How I feel about the Olympic medal count..."
"Every time I see that &quot;Snooki gave birth&quot; is on the front page of every news site"
"Hey Reddit  I'm a college freshman and this CRAZY thing happened to me in class!!"
"I'm sorry  but I had to for more than one reason."
"Carwash"
"That's my boy"
"Meet my dog Chewie."
"Japan makes me aware of fetishes I wouldn't think of myself."
"You should see what he does with her nose. [NSFW]"
"When I win £2 on a scratch card[FIXED]"
"This was just posted to r/funny for a completely unrelated topic  but it pretty much sums up how I felt during my first month of law school."
"Me reading through r/askscience"
"How I feel about people discussing the Higgs Boson"
"How I feel when I read a scientific journal."
"Monsters."
"Sting  this is dog"
"I'll be watching you..."
"Talk about a tense moment...."
"Funny .gif from the new Rebecca Black video."
"Every Nickleback song."
"Hey look! Another futurama promo using memes!"
"Reddit in one gif"
"r/gifs right now with the freefall"
"Meanwhile  in Japan..."
"Body paint by: The Predator (NSFW)"
"Going to the library on finals week..."
"MFW I come home from vacation and all my friends changed their gamertags"
"Every time I get a friend request"
"How I feel browsing /r/gonewild"
"You're going to be my new baby..."
"Yeah  no shit."
"Does anyone remember Beans from Even Stevens? If so do not click here. Cannot unsee."
"How Americans view Canada"
"Everybody's best friend!"
"And now for something different."
"This is what I always imagine while playing Slender to keep it less scary."
"Just saw this posted on my news feed. Please my nj family be safe!"
"weather in its most beautiful time."
"Found this on my FB feed. Hurricane Sandy is the stuff of nightmares."
"Sandy over New York"
"new york city ( fake photo ) but still really cool"
"Stunning picture of the hurricane approaching New York City"
"Really cool photo of Hurricane Sandy bearing down on NYC"
"New York City looks fun"
"The storm is coming!"
"The storm approaches"
"Saw this pic of NYC"
"The Frankenstorm comet"
"Riding with Bert"
"Juuuuusssstttt passing through!"
"Going back to school"
"My reaction when my sister said &quot;You wish you had my swag&quot;"
"Knuckle up!"
"Just saw Taylor Swift"
"Coincidental?"
"TopGear in trouble with PETA."
"TopGear in trouble with PETA. (xcross from r/pics)"
"First Picture of Bacon Cosplay EVER - Vintage April 1894"
"fancy bacon dress  1894"
"I mean really  they're not even that cool."
"Seriously guys...every time I see a good girl gina post"
"Cute pets in sinks? Really?"
"Gotta fix the kitten to non-kitten ratio. Here is a duckling! (crosspost from /r/animalporn)"
"happy duck!"
"Just a little duckling having fun in the water"
"Excuse me...attention please..."
"Movies meet games."
"When I win an argument"
"Wednesday knows how to groove."
"How I feel seeing midterm posts as a student on the quarter system"
"The guy from UP [IRL]"
"He lives! (Pixar:UP)"
"Has this happened to you? Then you need..."
"I can't get the chips"
"Do it man. It'll be awesome."
"Tough to maneuver"
"In Capitalist America...."
"Obama's impression of Beyonce's Put a Ring on it"
"MFW I discovered RES's night mode option"
"Me at the end of Portal 2"
"Homosexuality -&gt; Duck Revolution"
"Donald ducks 99 problems"
"Bitch please!"
"I dont even... slightly NSFW"
"Poop Nuts"
"Super Cat"
"I fucking miss the 90s."
"Haters gonna hate."
"When I try and swim quickly"
"Not the sunflower you are thinking about"
"I guess that's one way to go..."
"You'll be fine  it's just fire [NSFW]"
"Batknight (xpost from r/batman)"
"Poverty Line"
"Poverty border"
"So I played a bit of Final Fantasy XIII and the XIII-2 Demo and this is how I feel."
"First time making a Tumblr..."
"How sports commentators must feel tweeting"
"PAYBACK UP IN THIS MOTHERFUCKER"
"Did I do this right? Opa Gotham Style"
"A cat on an underwater treadmill"
"How feel when i realize that I am failing classes because of Reddit"
"When I want to fap and my parents finally go to sleep - Imgur"
"How I Feel When I Use Purell Walking Through a Hospital"
"Making Play-Doh Snakes When I Was Younger"
"What it feels like walking into a 99 cent market with $20 on you"
"wat"
"What not to watch whilst high(x-post r/wtf)"
"Made in.. what?"
"When crush asked me for dating advice"
"Derp in a swing."
"Grand theft sled"
"Train etiquette."
"The eruption of the Cordon del Caulle in Chile"
"Smoke cloud and lightning."
"Operation Bukkake"
"I had the munchies and ate a box of gag chocalate laxatives without reading the label"
"Fucking Seal seal!"
"I can swim"
"Seal."
"This guy"
"Young girl at a club bouncing huge tits in a small tight shirt"
"Young girl at a club bouncing huge tits in a small tight shirt"
"Dancing [NSFW]"
"I think today is my cakeday. Here's my favorite picture on the internet"
"What I would like to say to those people who start racist trending topics on Twitter."
"Deep breathes  you got this!"
"Little puffer fish is excited to see you"
"Hey...hey wait are you faceswapping me? Dude  cut it out..."
"Fat swap"
"fatface"
"A whole new kind of face swap"
"The eyes..."
"He needs to go shopping."
"Is your mouth dry?"
"Surefire cure for dry mouth"
"WBTV News This Morning"
"Well done Wbtv."
"Probably my Favorite Picture Yet: Popping a Bubble"
"Asking a Christian for Proof"
"Sky Bacon"
"Jet puffed. [NSFW]"
"Don't worry they put plastic down"
"The recipe for the greatest show of all time."
"Going Shopping!"
"Yes. Just yes."
"Just in case you forgot..."
"A Simple Picture of the densities of Liquids(And some solids)"
"Just the tip"
"Web Forums In A Nutshell"
"The creationist version of of dinosaurs went extinct."
"Whenever I wake up late for work"
"How I feel after initially supporting the Kony movement and then reading more on invisible children."
"So I just realized I sold my giant collection of classic pc games at a garage sale about a year ago"
"Immediately after shaving off my beard to see how I look."
"what"
"I don't remember this from the Lion King. (nsfw)"
"But how...?"
"Oh  you!"
"The cutest thing ever"
"Gas prices are about $1.30/L..."
"forgive me america"
"I Found Him [Fixed]"
"MFW my uncle tried to explain to me that the Sun revolves around the Earth. Yup  you read that correctly."
"Every time i ask for help on a multilayer server."
"When Granny doesnt have cookies on the table when i get home."
"What I feel like doing to every employer who doesn't get back to me."
"When something I upvote in /new makes it to the front page"
"MFW I attended my first girls volleyball game at college"
"How to read a book"
"Bourgeois duck stays afloat."
"No ducks were given that day."
"Things are getting serious.."
"Traffic this days."
"I thought this was funny. Then I saw his shirt..."
"Clint Eastwood says it right."
"What the fuck is that?!"
"What Atheism is up against"
"Actually brought a tear to my eye. Repost from r/futurology and r/getmotivated"
"This zoo is awesome"
"gnom gnom"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"
"And the angel said unto him...[xpost from r/funny]"
"I think this is the right place for this..."
"Glorious Zebra Butt. Just Glorious"
"Oh  glorious zebra butt"
"Wisdom I still live by."
"Why I hate grocery shopping"
"More Please"
"Watch for Ice"
"Hi there... OH SHIIIITTT!!"
"you brook the rules"
"Bill Gates  being a billionaire."
"The Thinker of Tender Thoughts by Shel Silverstein"
"Grated cheese&gt;blasphemy"
"Freedom!!"
"How I feel today after just joining reddit."
"a new power ranger"
"My reaction to seeing it's my cake day  after thinking I missed it."
"How I feel when shaving my balls."
"Has anyone ever made anything like this before?"
"Every time I think I made an awesome post."
"When I let my mom use the laptop  but forget to clear the browser history"
"Best gif ever."
"Well shit."
"Me trying to get to our bed for sexytime...I am not a graceful person..."
"Still one of the best posters for a movie that I've ever seen."
"Behind the scenes"
"AWW YEAH! (Pandemic 2)"
"FUCK YES!!"
"Lafawnduh"
"Browsing r/funny/new/"
"This was the first game I ever bought with my own money."
"Who the hell participated in this test?"
"Hurricat"
"Black and White Hole"
"Is anybody else enraged looking at Chris Brown's new tattoo?"
"This is just a shame."
"Makes me want to stay on the planet a little longer"
"Goooo reddit!!"
"Questions like these make me loose hope in the human race."
"We're winning."
"A photo a day"
"Get Well Soon"
"Gregory House got gangnam style"
"Haters gonna hate House style"
"Shots Shots Shots!!"
"Everybodyyyyyy......"
"Pro-Life vs. Pro-Choice"
"How I felt when I saw my comment karma showing next to my username."
"When me and my co-worker found out we both reddit..."
"My reaction after just seeing I have over 1000 Link Karma."
"I can't remember what I googled to get this."
"GTFO n00b!"
"As an atheist  this is my kind of last supper."
"I just wanna eat it up!"
"Just a couple of dudes at a science fair"
"Man actually dies from watching the Chiefs."
"Aww yiss."
"Don't forget Grandma!"
"What I do when people tell me they actually liked &quot;The Artist&quot;"
"Whenever someone says &quot;not photoshoped&quot; or &quot;totally real&quot; in r/pics"
"How I feel reading suggested serving sizes."
"When someone tells me they're doing no fap September."
"My Mother when I told her I had a date tonight"
"&quot;Hey guys I 'googled'...&quot;"
"Whenever I see a pizza place on the west coast that claims to have &quot;New York Style Pizza.&quot;"
"Dreams do come true. A shipping container fell off during a storm and this is what washed up on the beach.."
"Safe sex!"
"Why cats are evil"
"Just a guy being an awesome parent!"
"Whenever no one has bid on my card in FUT but someone buys it at the Buy It Now price"
"How I feel after getting a few upvotes on a recent submission"
"How I feel after getting a couple upvotes on a recent posts."
"The Last of Us...."
"My reaction to Jersey Shore getting cancelled."
"When I heard Justin Bieber might have cancer"
"iBee - NSFL"
"I think there's something in your eye..."
"This is just weird"
"Googled &quot;blah blah blah&quot;"
"This remains my favorite desktop background."
"Rappers..."
"Not amused"
"Please stop."
"mrw someone makes a pun"
"Gangnam Style!"
"It's super effective!"
"Sadly  true story."
"The amount of accuracy this comic holds is so high it makes me sad..."
"Did someone say carrots?"
"A real life Pokemon!"
"INRL Mudkip"
"Real life Mudkip"
"L4D2 Dark Carnival Chapter 1 - IRL [x-post from /r/cincinatti]"
"How I feel about all the Facebook Posts"
"I'll always think of this when plugging something into an outlet."
"I don't really understand why people are finding this funny..."
"A+ for Creativity"
"And for my cakeday  I give you gifs."
"Om Nom Nom"
"Young Morgan Freeman"
"Working Hard or Hardly Working?"
"well maybe just a little..."
"Dogs are retarded"
"My friend just sent this to me."
"Doing homework  when suddenly"
"Panther Chameleon"
"Felix Baumgartner's leap of faith"
"Felix Baumgartner as he jumps."
"GIF animation of Felix Baumgartner jumping off"
"Weeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
"Found this George Carlin quote and thought you all would appreciate this!"
"Every time my friend who knows nothing about politics  lectures me on who the better candidate is"
"This kid..."
"Cat of the Future"
"A young Stephen Colbert"
"Every Single Night!"
"The secret of happiness is ?"
"How I feel finally catching up to the manga from being an anime only viewer and not having to worry about spoilers anymore"
"We just had a Thanksgiving Potluck at the office. This is how I feel."
"Who do penguins think they are?!"
"I looked up how to end an argument on Reddit  this is the top result."
"WHAT YEAR IS IT?"
"better than robin williams."
"For those that &quot;just want to cuddle&quot;"
"I'm on a diet and I found out BK now delivers"
"A cute guy I just met finally asked me out on a date. How I felt when I found out he likes Nickelback."
"How I felt upon learning season 9 of The Office would be its last."
"I see your Finnish &amp; Swedish lunches &amp; I present to you  the American lunch."
"Now that Shark Week is over  let's remember what these animals are really like."
"I feel like shark week would be even better to watch if sharks looked like this."
"there's nothing to see here!"
"How I feel the night before a big exam"
"Theriot's crazy eyes"
"The Riot"
"It was my favorite one  too..."
"I Discovered Who Actually Runs Reddit....."
"Incredibly detailed Blue Spy cosplay! [Team Fortress 2]"
"Gaming Collections: Down for Whatever"
"The dream"
"Chuck Norris Vs. Slender Man"
"Ehhh.... Maybe Next Time McDonald's"
"Romantic dinners at McDonald's..."
"No thanks"
"How I see reddit these days"
"he just gave up"
"My response to my friend when he asked me to save him from his roommate's annoying music on skype"
"They got us..."
"so a deer walks into a bar..."
"So a deer walks into a bar..."
"Whenever I add a girl on Facebook [fixed] Audio NSFW."
"Every move you make"
"I'll be watching you."
"When you're at work on Friday and see that it's almost 4 PM..."
"Doctor Who and College Football are coming back this weekend-"
"What this cake day feels like after missing my first"
"3 upvotes on first post..."
"My face when I found out that Kazakhstan had won 13 medals  and more than half on them were gold..."
"Took my first lightning shot today. Also shit my pants in doing so!"
"Not sure if I'm doing this right..."
"The Only REAL Candidate"
"If Obama exits the debate like this tonight... He's basically guaranteed a 2nd term"
"I'm Gonna Get you Sucka!"
"O  YouTube"
"This sums up my experience when looking to see Venus."
"All I could think of when watching Clint Eastwood yelling at a chair during the RNC"
"How I see Christians complaining about something"
"Mario Kart 64 anyone?"
"Bill and Hillary Clinton...as hipsters"
"Conan drops it."
"Just got a text saying I don't have to work on Thanksgiving"
"A bat embryo. And it is freakin adorable."
"just adorable"
"Dodgeball - Like a boss."
"Dodgeball King"
"THIS IS SPARTAAA"
"My stalker"
"GMan has lost his mind"
"Herp to the power of derp equals this."
"Realistic Buzz Lightyear"
"Little known fact"
"An ad campaign for Vancouver’s Science World."
"Sometimes the most brilliant ideas are the simplest ones..."
"Cool Ranch just got cooler..."
"When you see it..."
"Original Swag"
"As a Jew  this is 120% true."
"The Most Delicious Pokemon"
"Do the hustle!"
"ou people have no imagination  oh wait..."
"I have little imgination for which to use for this gif..."
"The Maturity Climb - Everyone needs to take a long look at this."
"Charlie Chaplin  1916. X-Post from r/Historyporn"
"My girlfriend after I beg  and she finally agrees to give me a blowjob."
"Bitches love worlds"
"The lonely dollar"
"They said it!"
"I think here it will get a better reaction from (r/wtf)"
"Yes  I am aware that this is 99% sure to be a repost but it's just too funny not to post"
"God bless you..."
"I couldn't stop laughing at this"
"Googly Eyes"
"1 boat  145 water skiers"
"Permpkurn Sperce at Starbucks"
"Permpkern Sperce Lahtter"
"Release the Kraken"
"i want this to happen to me"
"How it feels nailing an interview..."
"Sex on the go"
"If only girls my girlfriend was this horny!"
"How I feel waking up with a hangover."
"What?! Oh  you again..."
"Koi-magnet"
"Koi-magnet [OC]"
"Baby elephant."
"HAAAIII-YAAAHHH!!"
"I think I am turning into Taylor Swift?"
"He is just a bit awkward"
"Marge  it's 3am"
"Hey Guys Did You Know"
"Aang in the Spirit World (Repost)"
"Wait for it... Wait for it...."
"I feel uncomfortable"
"TP attack"
"TP Attack [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"Bitch please"
"DAT ASS"
"DOUBLE KO"
"I'm 7 years old too."
"Awkward..."
"So I heard you like updates..."
"I too am moist."
"I Googled &quot;Greatest Nicolas Cage picture&quot; and found this."
"He's infecting our race."
"I have cum for the Declaration of Independence."
"I dropped my wedding ring in the lake. This is how I felt when I found it."
"Guy narrowly escapes death by train"
"Getting Caught Reposting"
"What the hell is this? What the hell is that? Hm...Who are you?"
"Poor sign placement or acknowledgement?"
"Back to School Supplies"
"Say cheeeeeeeeeeese"
"When I walk into a public restroom after someone"
"There goes the East Coast... (Yes that's what you think it is)"
"Krabby Patty  anyone?"
"The reason I'm having trouble sleeping at night (not sure if repost  sorry)"
"Pretty much sums up my Thanksgiving..."
"As a college student home for break to enjoy real food  this is how dinner works."
"Koalifications"
"mirrors"
"Jet Skiiin' USA"
"It's not a gif  I swear!"
"This witch magic just blew my mind!"
"I think I cried a little too"
"sad but very true."
"APOD: 26 Sept - Endeavour on piggyback low over LA."
"Damnit 4chan"
"'Merica"
"Its fun to to stay at YMCA!"
"Totally unprovoked my GF told me I was bigger than any guy shes been with... This is me right now."
"Every student walking out of their last final before graduation...PEACE SUCKAS."
"Just a ballpoint pen..."
"Tip of a ballpoint pen"
"that's a good point"
"Penis Worms; NSFW NSFL"
"First 5 seconds of Felix Baumgartner's free fall"
"First Legendary GIF of Felix Baumgart's Space Jump"
"Discovered it was my cakeday at 10:30. Still have an hour and a half."
"How I felt submitting something to r/funny that people didn't hate for once."
"Me finding out I can use the carpool lane"
"Discovering you didn't gain weight over Thanksgiving break."
"This makes perfect sense"
"The Olympics"
"Sneak preview of tonight's Presidential Debate"
"i will slep you fucking guy!"
"Human turkey"
"Muscles...gone to far..."
"(X-post from /r/reactiongifs) What is this I don't even.."
"Deer me  I'm still not sure what the elk I just watched."
"Wot."
"Me when I meet past me."
"What I think of Adult Swim every time they add another live action show..."
"Whenever I see a duckface."
"What your cat thinks while watching you... do your thing"
"My feelings exactly when I see someone pray."
"My reaction to a school bus driver on the first day."
"Death Star Pumpkin Destroys Alderaan (x/post from r/starwars) (courtesy to verbality)"
"Just the president riding a lion while wielding a lightsaber and crossbow"
"Just the president riding a lion while wielding a crossbow and lightsaber"
"It's hard to argue with Change."
"Obama riding a lion while simultaneously wielding a light sabor and crossbow of change"
"Horsing around"
"How I feel doing yoga"
"Mouth to mouth resuscitation"
"The moment you find out they are bad at kissing"
"When people post expertly done things as &quot;First Try&quot;"
"Try chasing me now!"
"Sweetest Night-Light Ever! (x-post from /r/pics) (PIC ONLY)"
"This man truly has balls of steel"
"Breathtaking..."
"Nothing do Here!"
"Felix Baumgartner as he jumped"
"GIF of the moment Felix Baumgartner jumped from the edge of space."
"Now its time to leave the capsule if you dare..."
"how getting married must feel"
"Felix Jumped from 120 000 ft and broke the sound barrier. Way to Go!"
"Rocket Man?"
"AMEN!"
"Logging into Facebook nowadays..."
"Goodbye  Cruel World"
"Go Go Gadget Copter..Oh S*@#!"
"Fuck  wrong place to jump in!"
"Karma Whore?"
"Yeah  so this is a thing now..."
"Had to do a double take on this one..."
"I don't even..."
"Suddenly... Hasselhoff"
"Missed my cake day by a month  I would've posted this loveliness. If only i did  no wait  I still can!"
"I missed my first ever cake day one month ago  I would've whored karma with this...no wait  I STILL CAN!"
"For the sake of humanity  let's hope this is a joke..."
"Japan Superior"
"Not sure if its a repost because I didn't know what search terms to use."
"Well  hadn't thought of it that way."
"I regret absolutely nothing"
"After my comment gets down voted into triple digits"
"Finished final in 9 min."
"So  I purchased Max Payne 3 rather than D3."
"Me when I wonder why I started a new Skyrim file the day before my only final."
"For my cake day  the gif that got me addicted to Reddit"
"Efficiency?"
"This came up on my news feed."
"Its hard not to put the punchline in the title..."
"When a hot girl at a party asks if I want to see her room."
"How I feel when someone lets me into their lane on the highway."
"How I feel when my GF asks if I want to go to the bedroom."
"Mfw I Found Out My Sister Browses r/trees."
"Terrifying Reality"
"my favorite atheism pic"
"Resisting Arrest"
"So this guy...."
"Mad Ooo"
"Sky Lantern Festival  Taiwan"
"My mom was worried about moving to Moria  so I sent her this picture."
"Wow I walked right into that one [FB]"
"Sleep is a good and bad friend."
"&quot;Sometimes you just have to let gravity take the win.&quot;"
"BREAKING NEWS: APPLE SUES RAFFI"
"BREAKING NEWS: APPLE SUES RAFFI"
"I think that's a valid reason..."
"Really? Are you joking me?"
"Paranoid cat"
"This camel is not impressed."
"Truth Hurts"
"Just 'Brows'ing the internet"
"me when reddit goes down"
"Ocelot IRL"
"i typed &quot;killer cat&quot; into Google  and this popped up."
"My Friend Just Asked Me If Mick Jagger Was Part of the Foo Fighters..."
"How I feel about girls submitting to GW on Father's Day."
"How I imagine black redditors when seeing the Denzel &quot;Mah N****&quot; pic."
"Resting Lions  Tanzania"
"It is what it is: Sink full of kittens."
"Wasn't me!"
"Looks like both players are equally matched"
"Coming back to reddit after being away for a while..."
"Hey Reddit  It's my actual birthday tomorrow. Crossing my fingers for something like this..."
"My reaction when my very first Reddit post got more upvotes than downvotes"
"I have a penis."
"Most likely not a fan of Reddit..."
"The more vowels the better."
"ERMAHGERD"
"Every Redditor"
"Batman Poobrain"
"15 seconds could save you..."
"Seems Legit"
"Yep pretty legit"
"first gif I saw  when I browsed 4chan"
"Me attempting frontpage."
"Bounty Hunter"
"So Donald Trump is back in the news"
"As a DirecTV subscriber  how I felt when I heard I was losing Viacom channels"
"All of these &quot;Just walking my ___&quot; posts"
"No Squirrel! That's for turtles!"
"Squirrels eating pizza  what more could you ask for?"
"Here are 31 pictures of Squirrels eating pizza"
"I just realized its my cake day  soooo heres the funniest picture I've ever found on the interwebz"
"You want to learn Ke$ha  you'll learn led Zeppelin! (r/funny x-post)"
"For anyone who wants to learn the guitar for their new years resolution."
"My precious..."
"This is why I don't eat meat."
"What is inside McNuggs"
"Friend of mine falls 20 feet onto concrete. Ladder lands on his face. Eight fractures in his vertebrae  multiple broken ribs  and a concussion. He got up and walked inside a couple of minutes after this. (xpost from /r/pics)"
"AWW"
"Gangsta"
"The best gif ever"
"Alright  I think this shit needs to stop now."
"This just appeared on my Facebook page... seriously  what the fuck is wrong with people?"
"This has to be the most serious &quot;like if&quot; I've seen in my news feed since... ever."
"Saw this on my feed this morning  WTF"
"Well that's just not fair"
"The Facebook &quot;Like this if&quot; posts are getting out of control..."
"Bye  Grandma!"
"When Im late for a class"
"What I do when I see my ex at a party"
"Oh  oh  I see! Running away  eh? You yellow bastards! Come back here and take what's coming to you! I'll bite your legs off!"
"The joy of painting Bob Ross"
"Unconventional USB drives"
"So this is who's running reddit..."
"-Reddit tech support  how can we help you?"
"When people comment on my posts"
"Seeing a perfect 10."
"Maybe one day this will be our view of the moon? (x post from r/futurology)"
"Mr. Feeny?"
"Salvador Dali eating a bowl of..."
"An unusual take on the flag"
"This is me."
"No Treats for you!"
"Story of my life"
"In 1918  18 000 Iowa National Guard soldiers stood in 105 degree heat to form a human statue of liberty."
"You guys  he's still alive!"
"My friend spotted Colonel Sanders in RL at KFC"
"He's real!"
"Kim Jong Il has died"
"If Kinect dance games were challenging  this would be a move"
"Turn It Up  Carlton"
"Magical Obama on a Corgi"
"One oreo to rule them all"
"Oh great.."
"Baby sees fireworks for the first time."
"Googled the most Canadian picture ever  was not dissapointed"
"This close relative of the Manul is known for its distinctive greeting."
"Kitty"
"Snakes head covered with ticks"
"WTF pic from an 'all ages' club...."
"Horse  by Ridley Scott."
"Mm  yeah"
"Louis always gives the best advice...wait  WHAT!?"
"So true"
"Ferris Bueller inspired street art in Raleigh  NC"
"A task only a true man can accomplish"
"How I feel downvoting somebody with 1 karma."
"iPhone 20"
"."
"Welcome to the internets"
"Baby Giraffe."
"baby giraffe.. so cute it should be illegal"
"How I felt being told by my partner of 2 years  2 months  2 days decided to tell me today she wanted to break up (story inside)"
"How I feel being in BC when my brother tells me how warm it is in Toronto."
"How I imagine British Redditors after seeing all these links about their storms."
"How I feel when I get rejected"
"How I feel being down voted on my cakeday in r/aww with a cat picture"
"I bought an iphone 4s three days ago !!"
"Why didn't we elect this guy?"
"Ronald Raygun!"
"Best. President. Ever."
"Meth is a hell of a drug"
"PARTY HARD!"
"poor dog"
"One of my favorite gifs for my cake day!"
"Mitt Romney's Reaction When He Loses 2012 Presidential Election."
"How record bosses feel when you pirate their music."
"She named him Dick."
"Really? I didn't notice!"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus!"
"They're Coming..."
"SOON!"
"The face is just priceless"
"WW2  summed up quite nicely."
"Optical Illusion"
"Damn nature. You scary."
"So  yeah... This."
"It's my first cake day  and I have nothing cool to post"
"when you realize you missed your first cake day"
"How a jedi works out."
"Que?"
"What?"
"When the bartender says I've had too much to drink."
"So that's what would happen if a shark tank broke."
"Shut the fuck up Rick..."
"Shut the f**k up Rick!"
"Ninja dog."
"Greetings earthlings."
"My friends cat Selma"
"i still have no idea"
"What do you guys think of this girl I found?"
"Only in Alabama"
"This is my punishment."
"X-post from R/Funny.. figured it was more appropriate here."
"Like a boss."
"How I Feel as a Relatively New PC Gamer"
"When someone insults me on the internet"
"Writing a paper at a {8}"
"Karma-whore redditors  upon learning of the death of someone famous"
"Whenever I type a witty insult in response to someone"
"Oh god it just won't stop... my inbox 300 mails in... Thanks Guinness World Records for sharing my email address with 1070 other redditors... luckily they're all cool guys"
"come on guys  let me see."
"May I present to you my Zombie Walk makeup."
"When i study all night for a test  then i finish taking the test..."
"Sleep has never been cuter."
"you don't know oh oh"
"N O P E !"
"When my crazy uncle-in-law watches the news."
"Wanna Bet??"
"$300 million dollar seized from a mexican drug dealer."
"You dickfish"
"The Dick Fish [I stole this from r/funny]"
"Not So Happily Ever After - &quot;Fallen Princesses&quot; (Album)"
"Look ma  no hands"
"You deserve a standing ovation."
"Trampolines.."
"Jacoby Jones TD dance"
"He's just standing there  MENACINGLY!"
"A Jedi knows how to use his words."
"Trying to use Twitter when the iPhone5 drops"
"I just &quot;finished&quot; Skyrim"
"Whenever I get off Reddit..."
"How I feel after reading every comment in a good AskReddit post"
"My professor was using laminated overheads during class"
"Every time i see an antique car..."
"After Discovering a Great New Subreddit and Spending an Hour Going Through the Top Posts"
"So Need for Speed Most Wanted comes out soon"
"like a true professional"
"I got this  I got this...OH SHIT..SHIT!"
"They don't get along so well..."
"Thank you for ordering"
"Starter Kit"
"why aren't they happy? some crazy person we'll be dressing them up soon"
"Chirp... Chirp?"
"Spongebob"
"Easily the most fucked up scene in Spongebob"
"This made me pee my pants the first time I saw it..."
"Skrillex and Spongebob"
"Derp Cat Stuck Between Couch Cushions"
"That's AWFUL"
"My face when people say they're not going to fap for a whole month."
"Painting with light"
"Painting made from light  wish I was this talented."
"&quot;The best engine in the world&quot;"
"New born."
"this is football!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"No laser pointers."
"Whenever people tell me Mitt Romney would make a good president."
"How I Feel About Mondays"
"My reaction when a spider comes near me."
"Happy Halloween Kids!"
"How do you people feel about polar bears?"
"Hail Storm (X-Post from /r/pics)"
"Girls are so dainty."
"If only queefs were like this...."
"So I know girls don't fart  but if they did........."
"Hadouken"
"Get Over It!"
"Pathos at its best. Including dinosaurs  owls and candles."
"It'll be ok little guy"
"how i feel when i have eat a delicious home cooked meal for the first time in a long time."
"Reddit Monopoly [Fixed]"
"Meth  not even once."
"Animals reactions to being placed inside a cardboard box"
"Animals and Cardboard Boxes"
"I know it's shark week  but this is pretty spectacular."
"Colin Mochrie the Velociraptor."
"Simba????"
"GLUP GLURP BLRBL - Yup this belongs here"
"Browsing /r/new"
"How I feel when my younger sister has a sleepover party with her friends and they always laugh for no fucking reason."
"Mother Earth  my boyfriend and I don't appreciate my period being a week late."
"America/Europe [Fixed]"
"As a Canadian  I'm sorry to say I don't see it this way."
"Wtf Aragorn?"
"The hoot DuJour."
"An RAF Pilot getting a haircut during a break between missions  England  1942"
"Nuclear explosion less than 1 millisecond after detonation"
"learned history in 2 minutes"
"A Classic (ancient) WWII gif"
"Best Gif ever."
"Fireworks  when the camera refocuses during the explosion. (x-post /r/woahdude)"
"A kids wish coming true on Christmas."
"Stunning Sunken Boat in Antarctica"
"I don't find this punny..."
"Today on the Mawry show"
"Worst tattoo possible"
"Rainy day"
"Reaction to the whole Deadcoil incident"
"Scene from the new Spiderman film"
"&quot;Puffy&quot; the World's Ugliest Cat"
"It's that horrifying moment when you realize..."
"Wait for it.."
"Jack Nicholson in his greatest role  wait for it:"
"CSI is eerily good at solving cases."
"You  thinking about the awkward moments in your life."
"This man had a shoot out in a hotel in Anchorage  Alaska.."
"Alaskan man..."
"I hate face tattoos but I think these  by far  are the worst."
"Crazy  Beautiful."
"Gold and Silver Pawn - Battletoads"
"WAT."
"Silkshake"
"You all see a tiny spider and call for the flamethrowers  but I show you a big spider and everyone is offended"
"Give your friend a delicious spider milkshake!"
"A wild Snorlax appeared!"
"I dont want to see his final form"
"Every day is Tuesday for Harry..."
"What have I just seen? (x-post from r/gifs)"
"Awesome"
"Super hug-able sloth"
"Fox News shows us Geography 101"
"The richest people of the world in one photo."
"Forever alone pillow."
"So a subway station flooded in Toronto today."
"What I noticed after the obAMA"
"How I feel when I make a joke on Reddit that has apparently been made too much"
"Trying to jump on a karma train too late"
"Ringo being Ringo"
"My friend told me he's an &quot;Experienced&quot; drinker. My reaction when I woke up with no hang over and he was puking."
"Album of twenty incredible street art."
"How I feel when I get downvoted"
"My girlfriend every time I open the new boob meme"
"How I feel after I missed my cakeday because of school."
"My face when playing the 3DS"
"Cat with a cat pattern."
"Sofacat"
"Don't worry. I got you... Fuck. Just a sec. Be right with you"
"I'm always the first to put these"
"Grow your own edible tongue"
"Everyone loves owls!"
"Owls!"
"A majestic family of owls"
"Don't mess with this crew."
"No Gangnam Style"
"So there was this &quot;poverty/shit station&quot; thread on 4chan... I collected all the pics (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"Fuck The Police"
"Might be a repost  but thought you guys would enjoy."
"Worlds largest gold fish?"
"What the hell is that?"
"He's screwed."
"What's Denzel Washington's favorite Friends character?"
"How I feel when I've been driving next to the same car for the past few hours on a road trip"
"When the black guy at my caf gave me 3 scoops of taco meat"
"I accidently right-clicked on &quot;Inspect element&quot; on Google Chrome. This is how I felt."
"Concordia Lutheran Church..."
"Church in my hometown has a sense of humor"
"double kill"
"I feel like this belongs here  yeah. Definitely."
"How to catch a bus!"
"A new way to catch the bus to class"
"How our school deals with overcrowded buses."
"My friend made national news with this flyer he put up in his hall's bathroom [SFW]"
"Oh shit..."
"I wouldnt mess with him"
"I Am The Batman"
"My girlfriend amazes me with her art..."
"So my girlfriend drew a real good drawing and I told her reddit would love it. She didn't believe me so show her some love!!!"
"My Girlfriends Art amazes me..."
"someday my girlfriend will be as good as some people's...(Knettle37)"
"So I saw this Banksy when I was in France not too long ago. Thought you guys might like it."
"Please Sir"
"We will never forget you."
"Let's go  boy!"
"Eli Manning"
"Basically"
"Fire"
"And Stay Down!!"
"Gangnam Style Wolverine ..."
"Wolverine Goes Gangnam Style...There are no words"
"X-Men  Gangnam style"
"What happens when you stick a knife in a tire?"
"Well  that's one way to take your shirt off"
"This could get fun"
"Literal Lolcat"
"The moment I deactivated my Facebook."
"How I feel reading my friends' party status updates while working on a Saturday night"
"My nephew's Skylander costume [x-post from r/gaming]"
"Gonna assume this guy has a toyota lawnmower"
"Buy a self propelled mower they said..."
"sigh...just one of those days"
"Nothing to see here!"
"Try Knocking?!!"
"Caught in the act"
"Metric v Imperial"
"Close to the town of Eastbourne  south coast of England"
"The difference between faith and insanity:"
"Meeting my Mom's new boyfriend today"
"Theres always room for a few more!"
"This is perhaps the pinnacle of literary art"
"This just appeared on my news feed. Anyone know what the background is on this picture?"
"Brilliant"
"It's like a never ending nightmare."
"Gary Bu Hast"
"Scientists..."
"Sending a text message to an Ex"
"Introducing the Van Damme Band!"
"Van Damme rocking out on the set of Bloodsport"
"Hello."
"Just trying to fit in"
"OM NOM NOM"
"I quit.."
"The Zorastorian Tower of Silience ... &quot;tainted with the blood of Ahriman&quot; ... great WTF story (x-file-ish / possible hoax / nonconfirmed)"
"Folding Lava"
"Breast feeding."
"Anarchy in america!"
"Whenever one of my reddit friends posts a tumblr image on Facebook"
"Oh  Joe."
"Isn't this why the VP can't go back to Dave and Busters?"
"THIS is the best picture of the vice president ever"
"These bikers are thinking  &quot;You're lucky secret service is here...&quot;"
"The Picture Of Joe Biden You Have To See"
"No matter how many times I look at this  I always laugh..."
"My only thoughts on my first day at the beach this year..."
"pay attention   or you're gonna fail the mid term."
"Oh how wrong you were..."
"I didn't even know what to say."
"I didn't even know what to say."
"How I feel getting 1000+ karma overnight"
"Sometimes  you just don't have words for what you want to say."
"Stick your dick in crazy? [NSFW]"
"Cafe slogan"
"With a line like that I had to buy it."
"I wish my dad was this cool..."
"If Dave Grohl was your dad"
"Sam is always so intense"
"Allison Brie is absolutely stunning"
"Alison Brie (Album)"
"Baby Nicholas Cage"
"leap year post."
"Not all babies are cute..."
"The gif that works with EVERY situation"
"This just popped up on my news feed. It's a bit windy in the Dakotas."
"Sleepy Semi's"
"North Dakota winds + Semi(s) = FAIL"
"Mein Chomp!!!"
"What sound does it make?"
"you perfect being."
"Anything Goes"
"Suave."
"The golden age of brutality"
"Attempted Vice Presidential Swag"
"Come on kitty  do something for the camera!"
"Kills me every time."
"When I found out I missed my cakeday by a day"
"Dad got Trolled."
"He must've been 50% black huh?"
"The Danish handball team has humour"
"Perfectly timed"
"Legitimate indeed.(x-post from r/standupshots)"
"A winner is you! [X-Post from Gaming]"
"You've all wished it."
"Texting my friend in the hospital who almost died in a car accident."
"My brother just moved to Indonesia. This was our conversation after he told me he ate bat."
"What I imagine the possible &quot;aliens&quot; on Mercury might look like..."
"Welcome to the internet  please follow me. **WARNING: Original Content**"
"Flip Flop Prank"
"Troll Level: Master"
"My first post. My Grand Entrance  this is my offering to reddit"
"onward to the front page!"
"This sums up all my feelings towards stubborn creationists."
"NDT."
"Hotboxing"
"Me during finals w... who am i kidding.... DAMN YOU REDDIT!"
"Here comes the choo choo train!"
"Lead it Be."
"Tiger dog  yes its awesome."
"Me  trying to do ANYTHING on Reddit today."
"amazing halloween costume"
"Most Amazing Halloween Costume"
"Japanese Winnie the Pooh. I think this belongs here."
"Winnie the Pooh: The Oriental Version"
"There are no words..."
"How I feel when everyone gets excited about Jersey Shore"
"HEY REDDIT LOOK AT THIS FACEBOOK POST [FB]"
"This always pisses me off in action movies."
"CSGO Recoil at close range"
"This always pisses me off in action movies."
"Puppy in training."
"Toss the baby they said..."
"Whee!!!- Oh dear God...."
"Picture makes Jay Bruce of the Cincinnati Reds look like he is levitating"
"BRB  going to mars."
"There can only be one."
"Overly Attached Chicken"
"Cowboy Bebop"
"After a tough day..."
"When I found out I missed my Reddit birthday yesterday"
"Cat seeing his owner after 2 years"
"When my friends ditch me to go drink.."
"Poor guy had no clue what was coming"
"If I were to fight MMA  I think it would go like this"
"Lazy rage."
"Fuck it all"
"Been preparing for a job interview all week... just got rescheduled for next week"
"Every time I win an argument on a technicality"
"Just when my post is starting to gain momentum...NOPE."
"Someone...help...me"
"Someone...help...me"
"Holy shit New York is getting pummeled"
"So that's where the hole came from..."
"Kathie Lee Gifford Dropped A Puppy On Its Head This Morning"
"Are they saving that for later? (x-post from r/funny)"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Just Obama coming with style!"
"Obama rollin"
"How it feels reading the comment sections in r/atheism"
"I visited r/spacedicks for the first time today. Here is my reaction..."
"r/Politics after the State of the Union address"
"Hey dude  I think you got something up your nose"
"Ohh what  do you have a booger or someth-- WHAT THE FUCK!?!"
"You know your __________ when your friend looks like a beaver"
"This pup is gonna go places"
"Overhearing my girlfriend talking to her friend over the phone &quot;I'm back on the pill&quot;"
"When an attractive person rates me 4+ stars"
"When I see another sharp dressed man in the room. [FIXED]"
"Hitler pokemon song."
"Let me explain..."
"Stay classy  America."
"Self-portrait  March 3rd 2012"
"Lamb is on the Highway."
"One day people will wake up and then this will happen"
"Oh shit  Oh shit  Oh shitttttttttttt!"
"Woman dressed as cat ballet dancing on wine bottles"
"Not what I expected..."
"Dinoswag"
"I may not know kung fu  but I know crazy!"
"fuck ya weights"
"How to piss off a redditor"
"Seal puppy"
"How I feel trying to fight off reposts"
"Sasha Grey is not too shabby(;"
"Ethics"
"I love it when Reddit stops working"
"Oh  Reddit's under heavy load right now? Maybe it should lift more."
"cause bush dosent like hot dogs.."
"Here is my favorite gif involving cake for my first cake day"
"My reaction when my mom said her WiFi password was &quot;PantyRaid&quot;"
"... once you get into a serious drug collection  the tendency is to push it as far as you can."
"Alchemy level 100 (/r/drugs OC)"
"how i felt browsing reddit today.."
"I'm Not Understanding the Hatred of the &quot;New&quot; Section."
"Thanks reddit"
"My router just started working"
"My thoughts after discovering this subreddit"
"How I feel watching the Olympics Opening Ceremony"
"Ummm best face swap ever?"
"Chicken nuggets"
"Same here friend."
"This ad played on my stream during MNF."
"The best part about Autumn."
"I know what I am doing next year for Halloween..."
"Why I love Will Ferrell"
"NO PLANKING"
"I googled my username. I don't see a connection."
"Indeed..."
"Happy Birthday to one of the greats!.... and myself!"
"Space Shuttle After a Night in Inglewood"
"My first and last experience on 4chan"
"My reaction to r/wtf revival..."
"Fuck the police - Imgur"
"How I react when I'm crossing the street and some dickhead decides to start crossing the white line"
"Oh dear god! This is a common UK house spider... MAGNIFIED!"
"Almost had it...."
"When my friends start debating at the bar."
"My cat does this ALL the time"
"Christopher Solo"
"It's shit like this  Switzerland!"
"The Milky Way Over Switzerland"
"Milky Way Over Switzerland"
"How I Feel Being In California Right Now"
"Play me off  Blastoise!"
"Laminar boundary layer flow. It's a viscosity thing."
"Laminar Boundary Layer Flow"
"The real throne"
"How i picture Australians."
"nailed it!"
":D"
"Typhlosion is Confused!"
"Oh you sneaky squirrel"
"He must've been playing Red."
"First attempt:fail. Second attempt:success!"
"Two hours of reddit when a NSFL post appears."
"I went on r/spacedicks for the first time today"
"when i see an NSFW link and it is someone dying"
"As someone who doesn't like feet at all  how I feel about all the weird feet posts."
"Can I show you my tongue?"
"Don't you just love a good clown!"
"...wut?"
"The terrible and awing power of the nuclear era. MIRV test off the Kwajalein Atoll. Each line represents Hiroshima x 25."
"Jesus is Middle Eastern"
"Whenever I visit r/WTF"
"every single time"
"My Fav Faceswap"
"I'm happy if they're happy."
"Do you see it now?"
"Everyone loves a good mind-fuck"
"This beautifully summarizes my feelings of regret when she moved across the country."
"Me when I found out I was watching The Big Lebowski in my film class"
"Jeff Bridges Dances--always makes me laugh [gif mash]"
"My reaction when I learned how much my tax return is this year"
"Daft Lebowski"
"I Thought This Fit"
"When my karma finally hits a thousand"
"Problem with your new gaming mouse?"
"So I watching the Super Bowl commercials today  and I noticed this..."
"Every time I watch SC2 highlights"
"waking up to upvotes in the morning"
"My mom decided to watch Ancient Aliens because nothing good was on TV"
"Tonight  on the Discovery Channel"
"[SPOILERS] Governor's solution to everything"
"Maybe I'm an asshole but this is what I think when I see all these hand pictures"
"Meanwhile... in New Jersey"
"Some People!"
"What conductors look like to me"
"Too Soon?"
"i dont have anything officer  i swear"
"If he pulled his shirt over  he might have gotten away with it..."
"What the fuck reddit?!"
"NO...NO NO NO!"
"I...I'm speechless."
"Uhhhh...NOPE"
"The real reason it's still a secret..."
"Thats a pretty distinct difference..."
"Atheist or pedophile - did the author of this question think that was an even comparison?"
"Thought the belonged here"
"WTF would you rather?"
"WTF You Rather?"
"Well  this is an easy one."
"the four elements (1920x1080)"
"SWAG."
"Boing"
"How advertising companies portray us without their product"
"How I feel trying to submit anywhere else.."
"And a single fuck was given that da- Shit."
"What planet is this?? (Earth)"
"The anti Facebook."
"Just a cute little koala bear.."
"I'll swallow your soul!!"
"kill it with fire!"
"when corgis collide."
"Bugs are Beautiful!"
"Dew Drop Macro"
"Dew drenched dragonfly"
"Dew-covered Dragonfly [PIC]"
"When I hear people calling my name but i don’t know where it’s coming from"
"Why I don't play games with Samuel L. Jackson"
"DOES HE?!"
"Came home from work and my comment karma was"
"Hurricane Sandy Already Wreaking Havoc on NYC Landmarks"
"After getting promoted at work..."
"Redditor and crew recording some audio of a plane's low pass flyby. Holy shit. [xpost from r/audioengineering]"
"So now you like elephants  huh?? You never liked my elephants..."
"Every video on youtube starts with an add nowadays..."
"So Brave: ft. NTD  MC Sagan and R Paul"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"The moment that I realize I just told my mom my Reddit user name"
"A minor disagreement amongst anarchists."
"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban... WTF?"
"Parenting at its finest"
"Even Reddit thinks I'm a failure"
"Blasphemy"
"Probably the funniest anti-islam image on the internet"
"Win/win?"
"The day after Thanksgiving"
"No..just no."
"Seals are pretty cool."
"Thanks to reddit and 4chan  it's looking like this smirking cunt will be the new face of Kinder Chocolate in Kazakhstan. he's in first place by a mile."
"Being a police dog at the airport."
"My friend spotted this a board in London on her lunch break"
"Our tenth date was a success!"
"You're a big fat phony!"
"dashboard rage"
"My reaction today when I found out I passed all my exams"
"How to fight crime with style"
"Tag  you're it!"
"THIS is how you bring WTF back to its roots"
"Seeing my own content  re-posted on the front page"
"Well you can't prove otherwise"
"Attitude is everything"
"The latest in Domo Kun fashion"
"The hot new look"
"Mind Fuck"
"Finally out of the friend zone!"
"It Has Happened."
"Owl in flight"
"Owl mid-flight"
"TIL that owls are like bullets when flying. Amazing."
"The Size of Our Moon X-Post /r/WhoaDude"
"Searched google for a picture of Bill Murray for his birthday  this is what I found. Happy birthday  Dr. Venkman!!"
"Who made this and where can I contact them at"
"What dove fuq."
"When my boss tells me that I can leave work early [FIXED]"
"Fishcken smoking."
"Well.. There's that.."
"happy thanksgiving"
"What I see on the interwebs"
"Came upon my [FB] feed...apparently he was bullied! Could have been here before."
"All this talk about horses defying the laws of physics reminded me of this"
"Mission Inhorseable."
"Juror number 4 in Apple Samsung patent dispute."
"When I google &quot;Cats&quot; this isn't what I have in mind"
"Am I the only one who thinks this is cute?"
"How we react to bad weather in Texas"
"How I felt being the only one drunk at a party"
"Buttermilk 'playing'"
"What I did after finishing my 3rd of 3 midterms this week."
"No fucks given"
"Cats"
"If this was football sounded  I would watch the shit out of it."
"Every FIFA Game against a 12 year old."
"how I feel reading my comments after a night of drunken redditing.."
"I just met you..."
"My Reaction When My Phone Contract Ends A Day Before The New iPhone Comes Out"
"What I think of Rihanna..."
"When I make a reference and someone gets it"
"Rubik solving Lego robot"
"How I feel after realizing I choose to attend college that's over 70% male."
"All the Reddit posts about the Steam Summer Sale made me curious. I'm just going to take a quick look. Looking can't hurt  right?"
"How I feel upvoting things on r/gonewild. [NSFW]"
"Poor Milhouse"
"Porr Milhouse."
"All see  no saw."
"The Horrors of war in Aleppo  Syria"
"r/conspiracy In A Nutshell"
"Amazingly lucky"
"Just shake it"
"Meanwhile on a ledge..."
"Atheist Mathematicians"
"I dont know if this has been posted before"
"Question for Christians"
"If a group of crows is called &quot;a murder&quot;..."
"Like Fry"
"Good question  Philosoraptor."
"Seems legit.."
"Immaaa gettt youuu"
"SO SOUR!"
"I hate it when this happens....."
"Commenting in a controversial thread"
"Dropping a grenade"
"Otter."
"I couldn't stop laughing at this"
"I am easily amused"
"This is me after finding out Hostess went bankrupt..."
"She is Just Asking for Splinters"
"Facebook gold"
"My long-time Redditor friend just saw that I have 3 more Karma points than him."
"My face after my professor introduced us to fixed actions patterns AKA FAPS"
"Having worked in retail for 5 years  this is how I feel when the first of the fall holiday merchandise is being stocked."
"Brenda Song is engaged."
"[HIFW] I was assigned a presentation in Comp Class."
"Tetris"
"Beating tetris!"
"Let uss meowwttt"
"True Redditor"
"A little bird got in front of my camera today"
"Ermehgerd!"
":D"
"Apparently some people like to have sex with people like this..."
"I can't wait till this girl is old enough to do an AMA."
"The more you look at it  the more freaked out you'll get"
"Come at me  bro"
"Execution strategy"
"There is no escape."
"Cute costume!"
"I will kill you in your sleep..."
"I finally made the front page. Time to celebrate."
"The life of a server"
"As a Canadian  whenever I see a post about Canada on the front page..."
"Best &quot;Haters gonna hate&quot; ever"
"the greatest hotel room ever."
"a very surprised looking otter"
"Steampunk Kitty"
"And he was like are you furr real?"
"Deal with it."
"Painful? Nah bro it's cool."
"My favorite aisle at Home Depot"
"Since there's no Adult Entertainment store in my town  my wife and I go to the Home Depot."
"What happens when I post something to Reddit."
"Browsing r/funny-New"
"When you give your opinion on a discussion thread which happens to be in opposition to American schooling..."
"Why hasn't anyone made an ant farm using this trick?"
"So apparently I've joined the 2 year club."
"Roots"
"Girl  you looks good why don't you..."
"What the hell happened to this gif??"
"When I walked into my college's library for the first time."
"Probably my favorite line from Workaholics"
"Dog patrols his territory"
"Ink birds [gif]"
"NO NO NO NO... aww okay."
"Teeth"
"Mmmmmm  TACO"
"just awesome"
"After deciding to read the comments in r/Gonewild"
"Reading the &quot;What's the worst thing you stuck your dick in/up in your vag&quot; posts today."
"I'd vote for him"
"Thats a Pretty Smart Spider"
"What?"
"I think i've waited long enough to cash this in"
"I've had the stopwatch running on my iPhone for a while now."
"My Mile Times Vary a Little Bit."
"After 4-5 years the stopwatch on my iPod Touch started going backwards."
"Im gonna try to see how long i can get this to run"
"Whoops"
"Jawfish mouth brooding eggs until they hatch."
"A male jawfish mouthbrooding eggs until they hatch"
"What is this  I don't even. (SFW)"
"Ideal elevator"
"Long exposure of fireflies before dark [x-post r/pics] [1280x854]"
"On my news feed today"
"This is how I'm voting this year."
"Walt &amp; Jesse [1920x1080]"
"Awesome Breaking Bad wallpaper [x-post r/breakingbad]"
"I love Pokemon  but never would I..."
"Why would anyone do this..."
"Googled &quot;like a sir.&quot; Was not disappointed."
"Facebook Official"
"Good luck"
"Whoopi Goldberg in a milk bath...it's artistic?"
"Oh Katie..."
"Just realized I'll be in Thailand  nowhere near a computer on my cakeday"
"How I feel when browsing through my news feed."
"How I feel when I get a downvote"
"How I loved this game!"
"I recently started working for a large company that has bought a smaller one. So far  this is how my team has dealt with the issues resulting from the merger..."
"Feel the force flow through you  you must."
"mod·er·a·tion (noun): the avoidance of excess or extremes"
"&quot;Inquire Within&quot;"
"Applications accepted..."
"What should we do if he tries to run?"
"Just got out the shower"
"Husky bath"
"We are the middle children of history."
"I like where fashion is headed"
"Sometimes I wish I was a girl so I could wear stuff like this."
"what I want to do since the zombie attack in Florida"
"this popped up on facebook...why.."
"yupp"
"Every time I think I can handle r/spacedicks"
"Party so hard it hurts."
"Pbtfbthbpbpthbp"
"R2-D2 Meets Metal"
"Saw this on Facebook"
"peacefully fliping everyone off."
"Jim Gaffigan  perfectly describing my dieting habits."
"Nonnie you cray."
"Ggggggg"
"My response to the direction that r/WTF is going in."
"My response to /r/penis"
"Oh my God! What the fuck!?.....*niiice*"
"That sums it up pretty well."
"Today my mom and sister talked about a fundie who said shrimp was sinful; I started showing them some other nice quotes from their bible  this is how it went"
"This is why you should always clean yourself... O_O"
"2 for the price of...wait...win"
"Kids these days"
"Mind Blown in Lion King! Actually."
"Finally think you've made a karma worthy post"
"How I picture new redditors after their first post. (X-post from r/reactiongifs)"
"Laziness Level: Reddit"
"Soooo this just came up on my fb"
"Saw this on fb"
"Left Nan at home with the kids.. what the worst that could happen?"
"My favorite world record was broken today..."
"Oh wait  this isn't the main steet."
"Horrified graduates flee as fighter jets attack crowd with hats"
"Horrified graduates flee as fighter jets attack crowd with hats *FIXED*"
"When my friend tells me he liked the ending to Mass Effect 3"
"TIL you don't give blowjobs with your mouth  you give them with your heart..."
"He is excited."
"I am Captain Planet!"
"I hear you guys like cat gifs... so here's a few."
"I giggle like a little girl every time I see this!"
"When my mom starts her daily &quot;you need to get your college apps done and apply to ten schools&quot; rant"
"This is just Beans making his way"
"I'll see your duck in a cup and raise you a tea cup pig"
"Where the hell can I find this?"
"Gentleman rides a Segway"
"When someone you’ve never talked to before asks you for a piece of gum:"
"Whenever my ex asks me for anything"
"My response to when my submissions are down voted"
"When someone you don't like tries to butt into the conversation.."
"Trying to dance after drinking."
"My friend's dog has a pretty scary Halloween costume"
"My friends dog has a pretty scary Halloween costume"
"I was never a fan of dressing up dogs for Halloween but.."
"Found on the internet  but i wish this was my dog"
"Back to School"
"Oh God Why!"
"So I just picked up Trine 2 ... And..."
"When a torrent gets to 1.0Mb/s"
"My friend w/his daughter in costume."
"It seemed like a normal day at the Genius Bar when all of a sudden. . ."
"Japans last nuclear reactor to shut down  let us not forget the heroes who took one for the team!"
"LaGuardia Airport  NYC"
"My reaction to nearly every fundamentalist I encounter..."
"I guess now guys can say that they're actually 'pitching a tent.' NSFW"
"Buzz Lightyear is a pimp"
"Oh  Buzz..."
"Nope"
"Squidward on the music industry."
"b-bbut..."
"Mind=Blown"
"When I'm at the Beach"
"DAT ASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS"
"Mountain Lion (x/post from r/pics) [817 × 1200]"
"Slow internet + /r/gifs = MERLERN BRERNDERR"
"*sexual confusion*"
"Hah  Mr. FreeClimber  you'll never get past that handhold  it's too-- (⊙▃⊙)"
"Like a boss..."
"Wait for it..."
"When I heard my boss was sleeping with an intern (xpost r/reactiongifs)"
"[FB] This is my girlfriend's grandma. She makes me proud."
"Is this a coincidence or..."
"Small world"
"Look at this coincidence"
"I love little coincidences like this."
"You've found each other!"
"It's like it was meant to be!"
"Reddit did it again..."
"We must unite these Redditors!"
"Something awesome just happened."
"It's beautiful when it happens"
"Who said there was no &quot;I&quot; in team?"
"There's no &quot;I&quot; in team... or is there?"
"So hot"
"Oh  baby..."
"Still my favorite photobomb."
"Stay Classy  Mudkip"
"I herd you liek mudkipz"
"When my cat sees my stomach while I'm sleeping."
"Uhn Tiss  Uhn Tiss  Uhn Tiss Gandolf!"
"Down boy! Down!"
"What it's like when my girlfriend finally reaches my orgasm"
"ketchup mishap"
"When someone makes a pun in the comments section"
"When I click on a link and get 37 subsequent pop up ads"
"Not having the best day"
"Tonight after No Fap September..."
"Tommorow after no fap semtember"
"Who needs swag?"
"Quick grab my hand"
"Happy dog in snow"
"Alton Brown and the Mythbusters. My Culinary science dream."
"K When are you leaving?"
"The German Shepherd is one patient dog."
"My dog Stiglitz knows patience"
"Hurricane Sandy hasn't completely hit and already my island is taking a beating"
"Flying dildos???"
"This guy. [at Dragon Con]"
"A cat eating rainbow ice cream."
"So i heard reddit likes cats"
"A redditor asked Google to &quot;get him/her to the frontpage&quot;. He got this. (x-post from r/funny)"
"Rockaway after Hurricane Sandy"
"I got this... I got this... I GOT THIS... Oh  I don't got this."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson on Intelligent Design"
"Swag"
"Running  Running  Running!"
"I don't think he should be doing that."
"When you see it."
"Look closely"
"Explosion + Door = Flying Door"
"Okay  that was awesome. But  seriously? How has this guy not died yet?"
"I think Morrissey might be one of us..."
"While we're on the subject of Oreos  I found this genius feat of engineering AKA &quot;Why didn't I think of that?&quot;"
"Life changing picture. I've missed out for years."
"How I feel after being on /r/spacedicks for half an hour"
"I'd like to think the teacher knew what she was doing when she assigned groups"
"Well... what now?"
"Murder Mystery"
"Two Step"
"Doin Thangs"
"I give you  the baby octopus."
"Shirt's fine  just don't call the prophet a name"
"How I feel when people say &quot;Not sure if this is a repost&quot;."
"Gluttony"
"Why commas make a difference"
"Editors these days"
"Punishment."
"So I just saw this guy pop up on my newsfeed..."
"Oh  Japan.."
"I don't even.."
"Go on without me!!"
"Best gif ever."
"So Close"
"Dat Concentration"
"Boom!"
"Do it Frodo"
"Made me tear up... a guide dog meeting Pluto at Disneyland."
"Adorable! Guide dog meets Pluto at Disneyland. (xpost from r/aww)"
"A guide dog meeting Pluto at Disneyland"
"Munchkin cat species"
"I saw this and thought it belonged here..."
"dat gangnam style"
"Me too Nancy."
"This Is What I Think Of Traffic"
"SUCK MY DICK I'M A BUS"
"WTF: Baby Predator Monkey?!?!?!"
"When the teacher isn't looking"
"Absolutely no fucks were given"
"The one good thing about global warming"
"Oh Gaben..."
"Let the fans hate flow through"
"One of the better shirts I've seen."
"I lol'd"
"Bitches love cake"
"You've got to be shitting me"
"Rugby team initiation haircut... shithead?"
"Door Cat"
"HOLD UP"
"Best way to text troll"
"Benjamin Netanyahu reveals to the UN a top-secret document explaining the Iranian nuclear program."
"If this isn't the best GIF  I don't know what is."
"Jesus got suspended from school"
"If only my school gave detention slips"
"Dover High School Detention Notice"
"The Astros are happy"
"Natural Selection?"
"To this day I believe this was Steve Carell's best movie"
"Photography"
"What...I don't even..."
"Friend of mine just sent me this...."
"Dictator Mario"
"He wants to take you for a walk"
"Classiest photo of all time."
"I can't take anybody seriously that says &quot;Reddit Army&quot; because this is what I think of [FIXED]"
"That's one way to get money in the South"
"Texas is making new millionaires every day."
"Why do things like this exist?"
"Some faith in humanity."
"Oh  all your college books only cost you $200?"
"Abandoned Tracks"
"Sometimes we get a bit sidetracked"
"Norwegian construction workers"
"Norwegian construction workers"
"Just had my first ever 'Take 5' Candy Bar"
"When you finally wash your bed sheets"
"It's true. You can't."
"You can't make him drink either.."
"When I have my friend listen to a song that I like"
"Literally taste that bad."
"fuck spiders"
"Fantasy Football"
"There's 25 slices of cake."
"This actually was on my twitter feed during the debates tonight..."
"I like this guy!"
"Borgore has a point..."
"Ricky Gervais on Science vs Religion this week..."
"Poor kid..."
"BUUUUUUURRNNNN!!!!!"
"WOOHOO!"
"Awkward names."
"Oh  Woody...no...just...no. WTF?"
"Tube....right."
"Mario doesn't care very much"
"Kim Jong-Ill &amp; Pikachu = BFF &lt;3"
"This goes along with pretty much any song. [Fixed]"
"The saddest picture of a cat I have ever seen."
"This is exactly why I never tell anyone at work that my degree is in IT."
"Refreshing."
"Derpsi"
"Those poor  poor parents"
"Taking a photo with a non-smartphone"
"Made me think of you guys."
"Censorship Tells The Wrong Story"
"Whenever I browse /r/gonewild and see a [M]ale post"
"My reaction every time I visit this subreddit"
"Hell nawwwww"
"MFW I saw /r/Spacedicks for the first time"
"My reactions every time I visit WTF"
"Is just too much Love."
"How I feel browsing /new"
"Browsing r/gif and listening to queen."
"My reaction to all of these &quot;No-fap September&quot; posts"
"Bad parenting"
"BASKET-O-KITTENS"
"Earth and the observable universe [3850 x 1925]"
"Every once in a while I have to look at this to put things into perspective"
"go get the ball sparky!"
"Poor doggy."
"Whenever people use an English stereotype"
"No hope left."
"After Reddit  this is my sense of humor"
"It Works!!!"
"I'm living the American Dream"
"Henry finally admits he has a problem..."
"This weeks weather forecast in Finland"
"How I feel whenever my parents tell me to get a job"
"How I feel when somebody tells me to get a job."
"Romney's 47% start talking back."
"Is this MMDs new assistant? (x-post from r/aww)"
"Thesaurus"
"Internet Browsers."
"Browser wars. Toughest battle known to man.."
"The Battle Rages"
"Internet browsers summed up"
"Murica!"
"DON'T TOUCH ME!"
"Kitty Warrior"
"Super Cat"
"Sandplant"
"Oh...Sorry  Iraq..."
"I made double sure that I liked  commented  and shared."
"3.5 billion years of evolution. one graphic."
"Everyday"
"Daaaamn"
"MFW ADHD..."
"the show must go on"
"On a trail camera in Northern Minnesota..."
"How i feel after i give my cat a bath."
"I Don't Remember Pokemon Looking Like This"
"The perfect yell."
"Already got a job lined up after college"
"Ladies and gentleman of Reddit  I present to you... A baby red panda!"
"FOURTEEN out of FOURTEEN found THIS to be HELPFUL?"
"Wendy's: Yo give me some nugets."
"My favorite picture on the internet"
"This guy really likes Wendy's"
"Best restaurant review."
"And to think  a white person wrote this review"
"I can relate..."
"My reaction to Finals."
"That moment when someone you just met finds you on Facebook"
"When I came home and saw my link karma in the double digits.."
"My dad sat down to watch me play Dead Space 2 for the first time last night. This was him"
"Umm... Where's your chimney?"
"Gunshot underwater."
"A dog.... What the fuck?"
"How I feel on Sunday morning when I didnt go out the night before and everyone else did. [FIXED]"
"Oh... fuck."
"My kind of corporate meeting!"
"How I dance in the shower."
"Walrus on Sax"
"The Dopest Walrus (FIXED)"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"This isn't quite what I pictured when I hear the term cattle drive. Pretty sure it is illegal  too."
"Only in Idaho"
"A new way to transport cattle?"
"Umm... Stay?"
"SAP - Socially Awkward Potter"
"He received a passing grade..."
"I want to hear his oral report"
"WHUT?!"
"Look who won the Taylor Swift contest"
"Why proper apostrophe use is important."
"what rain looks like from the sky"
"This picture has found its rightful home here"
"Relevant in just about everything"
"Too much internet for today."
"So this happened to pop up on my Twitter feed just now"
"&quot;........Oh what's this? A r/gonewild link?&quot;"
"Me when reading the news of an alleged Minka Kelly sex tape"
"ann is glad"
"Felix Baumgartners Space Jump GIFS for all your forum needs"
"Free Falling From Space"
"Throw some money"
"This makes me laugh way too much"
"Magnus wants.."
"them boobs"
"AC130 gunship deploying flairs AKA &quot;Angel of Death&quot;"
"Yep."
"She's made of ice cream...eating herself?"
"You rack disciprin"
"Cat fish"
"Pokemon (xpost r/gaming)"
"Pokemon   Christian Version . (X-Post From R/Pokemon)"
"So this just showed up on my news feed and now I feel sick."
"Anyone recognize this dude?"
"Just Popped Up In My Facebook Feed [NSFW: Animal Cruelty  no gore]"
"This showed up on my facebook feed. What in the actual fuck? Screw this guy"
"Came across this on FB. Guy abusing dog. Quite horrible. Sorry if repost. NSFW."
"My reaction when I see two people fighting over facebook"
"When I see a fight on Facebook"
"This? Just a baby Sea Lion  not a big deal  really"
"Faith in humanity level: 2012"
"Much like buttholes  families are meant to be tight. (Diversity Edition)"
"After farting in an aisle..."
"My cat's reaction to hearing cats through my speakers"
"I'm getting mixed messages."
"I have nothing to say...."
"Would love to be this guy.."
"fatality."
"Google image searched &quot;not a good idea&quot;. This came up"
"If my post doesn't get 10 upvotes in the first 10 minutes."
"Just trying to get his vote in"
"Look who showed up at the poll..."
"Voting done right"
"So  this guy exercised his right to vote."
"Breathtaking view of the milky way from the surface of mars."
"That? No  no  he's not mine."
"Challenge Accepted."
"America  you're doing it wrong"
"The queen's request."
"Alison Brie Holding a Kitten. Did I win Reddit?"
"Can you find Waldo?"
"Friendship between males is a strange  strange thing."
"3Tard Moon Update"
"1 year of trying to get to the front page..."
"Buddies forever"
"The buddy system."
"They understand diversity."
"Advice from Ron Swanson"
"NEXT LEVEL"
"Bison Skull Pile Circa 1870"
"Monday"
"So that explains why I never win a game of air hockey against the ladies"
"In Mexico  you know what they call Twinkies? Los submarinos (and they are still available in several different flavors)"
"Well  I've grown tired of this arm."
"Had a staff meeting today when tomorrow is my last shift"
"Absolutely Beautiful Picture of the Tokyo Skyline [2984x1278]"
"Nordic Eyes"
"Adalia the tank engine"
"We are legally required to make sure you are 18 years or older"
"Age-Verification Win"
"Anything from Japanese TV belongs here"
"Its just you and me..."
"Splash."
"Who needs gravity?"
"That's wonderful ... oh shit! (x-post from r/trees)"
"Leaving a room full of people after letting out a fart"
"OBEY"
"So my friend proposed in front of the cast of Star Trek..."
"City Hall subway station  New York City"
"Too much? Just breathe"
"What the hell is going on here...?"
"The process of creating a blown glass horse [gif] (x-post /r/woahdude)"
"Whenever someone tells me to follow them...the urge to do this is extreme!"
"How I felt as my new boss was taking me to fill out my time card  after job searching for 2 months."
"Moves Like Colbert"
"My wife when I got home with Borderlands 2 and headed towards the couch."
"How I feel when I don't lose any socks in the laundry."
"Everyone's Reaction to Jersey Shore Being Cancelled"
"How I feel as a new user to Reddit getting an upvote."
"My friend thought he was slick."
"My project this break..."
"Romney's tax plan"
"Babby duck"
"when you can't find the right reaction gif"
"A true leader!"
"ALL HAIL REDDIT HYPNOSIS"
"lsd cat."
"Can't think of a more fitting scenario for this. (Thank you r/reactiongifs)"
"How my childhood was..."
"Mother fucking popsicles"
"Purr Monster"
"I wish I had a cat that did this"
"My cat got a little pissed when i told him to stop what he was doing and look up at the camera"
"Eat me reddit  eat me."
"Figured Reddit would like this. I sure do!"
"A friend just posted this to FB. I instantly thought of you guys. Happy Friday  everyone!"
"if you drive like this  fuck you."
"(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻"
"(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Best way to prevent drownings"
"I see your hairless raccoon and raise you one hairless bear!"
"I see your shaved raccoon  and raise you a hairless bear."
"Seriously though  poor thing"
"So this is an hairless bear"
"Shaved my bear after No Shave November"
"A bear without hair."
"Bear without fur will visit you in your nightmares."
"So I saw this r/gaming guide.."
"Fuck this shit."
"Learning how to ride a bike the hard way"
"This would be me teaching a kid to ride a bike."
"Dad teaching his kid to ride a bike"
"Meet Snuffleupagus."
"Every time I see this face..."
"Criminals beware!"
"This goat is having the time of it's life"
"Nom"
"You  sir  have won Halloween."
"Awesome costume for an amputee"
"Today's most popular image on reddit."
"Upvotes hurt reddit?"
"Cool Pythagorean Theorem Demo"
"How I felt after deleting The Facebook."
"My reaction when the title of a movie is spoken in the movie"
"Me  realizing that the ropes around the ring that I am in are made of licorice"
"&quot;Shit. We picked the wrong river&quot;"
"&quot;Shit. We picked the wrong river.&quot;"
"ohhemgee kitten"
"my face when I found out it was my cakeday"
"troll gif"
"There's a fire? To the rescue!"
"The single most racist gif I have ever seen"
"Mary Kate and Ashley: Redditors."
"When no one texts me back."
"Whenever I send someone a text and they don't respond..."
"Running down a dream"
"It's always a great episode of South Park when he's one of the main characters."
"Excuse me.. just a couple of giraffes"
"How I feel when I receive a single upvote..."
"Heard the new thing was dogs.."
"My specialty is..."
"How to pick up chicks"
"How to pick up chicks ;)"
"Truer words have never been spoken."
"Poor Dane"
"There was a Sesame Street crucifixion in my local department store"
"TJ Maxx's Elmo Jesus"
"Elmo died for your sins at TJ Maxx"
"no hes not"
"Just.. just look at her throat."
"Holy Shit."
"He kinda looks like a muppet.."
"people go hard in my hometown of Richmond  VA"
"Breaking News"
"Wait... You want to stab me where?"
"Wait a second-"
"Fat guy vs. sunglasses: Part 3"
"The men in black  and blue"
"badass level: 99"
"Not as easy as it looks..."
"Oh the humanity!"
"Oh The Humanity!"
"Oh  The Huge Manatee!"
"Your brain is mush now (Fixed)"
"Pool Rooin"
"I don't think so."
"NOPE!"
"The best argument i have seen supporting gay marriage"
"Creepy piggy bank"
"OOOOHHHHHH!!!!"
"Slumber party court"
"Mitt Romney is...Liberace!"
"Uproarious old Mitt does his best Liberace!"
"Uproarious old Mitt does his best Liberace!"
"The London Look"
"I cannot lie.."
"Another happy family photo."
"This picture tells a story"
"Upper class banana"
"Awwters"
"Cartoon or not this is one of my favorite couples of all time"
"1998: Lucas sent this to Cameron  when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office"
"Every time when my Girl Friend tells me not to touch her boobs [SFW]"
"Awesome workout..."
"How a real man works out"
"Tacos"
"I hate tacos."
"Louis CK on minorities"
"This showed up on my Newsfeed"
"DUBstep"
"Shark week summed up in one sentence:"
"This takes weird to a whole new level..."
"The Horror..."
"So I was going through pictures on my computer...."
"&quot;I am the ding-dang-diddly danger!&quot;"
"&quot;I am the ding-dang-diddly danger!&quot;"
"Breaking Ned"
"Who's that pokemon?!"
"Certificate every human should receive at birth"
"pig dog thing"
"He saw it coming and did nothing...just like you're supposed to"
"Faceplant"
"And you thought Sandy was scary...."
"They spotted Sandy's center off the coast."
"FALCON PUNCH!!!"
"MY car!"
"wat?"
"Things I do in my spare time."
"You make me cry!!!"
"Not sure if still in love with ex-girlfriend..."
"The agony of watching the last few hours of my summer vacation pass by."
"Missing my cake day by a couple of hours"
"How romantic!"
"Not quite as romantic as they think"
"For my cakeday I present to you one of my favorite gifs"
"Greatest show ever."
"This man does the right thing!"
"Found out I work with 3 redditors tonight..."
"When you leave the barber without looking at the back of your head"
"The most badass gif ever"
"101% BADASS"
"Hi  I'm Felix Baumgartner  and welcome to Jackass!"
"A realistic take on Super Mario Bros. World 1-1"
"When someone tells me to &quot;act natural&quot;"
"I guess we missed World War 3-10"
"World's Most Accurate Pie Chart"
"When no one up-votes my comment."
"When I see people posting pictures of 9/11 on facebook just to get more &quot;likes&quot;."
"How I feel being allergic to turkey on Thanksgiving."
"Something disturbing about this in reverse"
"Dogs vs Cats"
"Lobster Dog Transcends Omnipotence"
"When i talk to girls..."
"Pew pew pew pew"
"Happy MLK DAy imgur! - Imgur"
"Happy MLK Day"
"Musical Chairs"
"when ever i think my post could be funny..."
"If you think about it..."
"This popped up on my newsfeed. Spiderman or mini pony?"
"My reaction when people claim to &quot;stumble&quot; onto r/spacedicks"
"Rainbow field"
"Im Back.... False!"
"Awesome slide  midget."
"What did you say?"
"fuck you i am a dog"
"I anticipated my cakeday for an entire year  and missed it."
"Impossible!"
"Predictions of what 2011 would be like in a 1911 newspaper."
"Why the &quot;;p&quot; face is creepy"
"After thinking something I posted was going to be a splash on Reddit"
"Oh no! It's back!"
"Boo"
"So this just arrived at McDonalds Denmark"
"Huricane? yeah  whatever."
"Found this at my brother's &quot;My Pictures&quot; Folder"
"Some days are worse than others."
"I still find Guile’s theme very usable"
"This is what scientologists actually believe. [xpost from r/imgoingtohellforthis] [NSFW]"
"Just the tip I promise!"
"Felix found Ramos ball ..."
"Best Iron Man Cosplayer Ever"
"When you see it..."
"Proof Obama was born abroad: he is an Ood!"
"Obama vs Frieza"
"Light shining behind Obama in Iowa"
"Looking through my facebook"
"How I feel being 28 and single"
"How I feel as the only person not watching the debates..."
"I guess this is how my night is going"
"Thanks...good to know..."
"CHAAARGE!!!"
"Seems a bit unsympathetic towards the families of their victims..."
"I love this brand of shoes! Especially the signature MeerKats."
"to think if gaben was a referee for the WWE..."
"If dogs were fonts..."
"Words can't describe this."
"wat"
"I love this gif so much! That smile"
"For all the newbies  here is brief video introduction to what this subreddit is all about. It's a great community  but  please  play by the rules."
"Looking at my front page after subbing this."
"I think this belongs here..."
"don't ask what i googled to find this."
"Please hit me as hard as you can"
"We need more foxy foxes..."
"Bike for seal"
"Don't mind me..."
"Hall monitor or Neighborhood Watch"
"Anyone else watching the Niagra Falls high wire stunt?"
"What's running through my mind as I prepare my first watermelon of the summer"
"When I see &quot;comment score below threshold&quot;"
"This is why I think Reddit hates grammatical errors."
"Everything is better with cats. Even raves."
"DUBSTEP"
"Met a fellow Redditor at a party"
"I Can't Reach!!"
"Is someone bothering you?"
"When someone annoys you..."
"And heeeeeee's ouutttta heeere!"
"That's religion."
"Religion in a rather large nutshell."
"I don't think this is what the GPS meant when saying head south on Hillsboro Road...."
"Sinkhole just opened up and swallowed the car"
"Romney and family celebrate the nomination with smart T-shirts... oh wait!"
"These Romney supporters are dyslexic"
"How I feel as a Southern Californian on Reddit"
"After reviewing my comment karma..."
"How I feel when I see posts titled &quot;Look who I found under my staircase&quot;"
"So you have a porn collection?"
"I was camping this weekend and unable to get on reddit..."
"Why the fuck"
"I work at a restaurant and I always wonder this."
"I'm starting to wonder"
"Picard on Pizza Rolls"
"No more options!!"
"The earliest known &quot;mirror selfie&quot; c. 1920"
"It's not flying... It's falling. With style!"
"what jesus thinks about downvoters"
"were not the only one with over inflation..."
"He threw him on the GROUND."
"Kenya just let me download it off the Internet next time?"
"Reddit has a lot in common with nature. (X-post from r/gifs)"
"Just a monkey feeding a tiger"
"A Monkey and a Tiger"
"A slight overreaction..."
"How I feel today..."
"I used to debate religion  but anymore  this is all I can muster up."
"my reaction when someone asked me if I knew what &quot;MEY-MEY&quot; was."
"When I try to explain the Internet to my dad. (he is Soooo impatient and clicks everything)"
"When I try to make religious people use reason..."
"When something I thought was terrible in r/new makes it to #1"
"As a graphics programmer  HIFW /r/gaming tries to explain why mirrors don't work in FPS games"
"So this is a show now..."
"Brazzers. Katy Perry Edition. ( xpost from r/brazzersfixes )"
"American politics today (or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Apathy)"
"You when you are in the bathroom and the phone rings."
"When the phone rings while you’re on the toilet"
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah!"
"Remember this the next time your cat wants to lick you."
"Whenever a website starts auto playing music.[Fixed]"
"Yolo"
"FELIX!!"
"How I imagine the commenters on /r/SpaceDicks"
"Cutest Kitten In The World"
"What downvoted cats end up doing."
"A cicada molting"
"How I feel in one week after buying a new gadget......."
"Deception"
"How I feel being a Christian and a Republican on Reddit"
"Throne of Games"
"PARTY HARD!!!!"
"Party hard"
"This is how I party when im alone."
"I party hard... cake day hard."
"When you eat it..."
"I'm not surprised..."
"Tube Bear"
"TUUUUBES!"
"What I imagine sex must be like"
"My niece and a monkey. They do NOT trust each other."
"You're all right monkey."
"Game of rape?"
"Gingers!"
"Harry Potter on virgins"
"Horny Harry"
"Clicked link to /r/spacedicks"
"tricked into clicking on /r/spacedicks link"
"Art of Felix"
"Can we all just appreciate this for a second?"
"All I could think of when I saw this gif..."
"Can someone please turn this into a downvote of amazing proportions. (PS: Amazing accomplishment on buddy's behalf)"
"I'm burning through the sky..."
"The Canadian side"
"Teddy bears protect you while you sleep."
"When asked what he`ll miss most about making the Harry Potter movies  Daniel Radcliff said  `Oh  a couple of things.`"
"Carrot? What carrot?"
"&quot;I've got my eye on you  Missy.&quot;"
"We don't see enough pictures like this."
"My new favorite GIF"
"Riker Beard. My new favorite &quot;Deal with it&quot; gif."
"No words can explain this."
"Well there goes my childhood"
"Armadillo lizard"
"One of the few images that has literally made me say WTF out loud"
"Saw this in my news feed... [slightly NSFW]"
"Popped up on my facebook"
"I feel like Reddit would do some good here."
"I hate people."
"How Bambi reacts when his girlfriend takes off her bra. (SFW)"
"Three gifts for Jesus on his birthday"
"Jesus Use Me"
"Gentlemen..."
"Bus Seat Covers"
"Reminded too much of Benny Hill..."
"The latest picture of the Statue of Liberty as Sandy approaches."
"The original Pedobear?"
"That one creepy uncle at Thanksgiving"
"Dream home"
"And here's a picture of Abraham Lincoln riding a bear"
"Me Sleeping"
"I..can't....stop...laughing"
"Me trying to look good when I see a cute girl"
"When I get more than 5 upvotes"
"This was posted on the official page of my college library. There should probably be some sort of explanation."
"A spider eating a snake in suburban Australia."
"......................what?"
"Laughed an inappropriate amount of time at this"
"25 self-portraits drawn on 25 different drugs"
"Look at me  I'm fierce!"
"Not all manatees have achieved overlord status"
"I have found a way to cure all of your reddit addictions."
"Ah  Now I understand professor"
"The kangaroo that realized the futility of existence"
"If it fits  it ships"
"Clever slogan"
"The Things Your Friends Do Behind Your Back..."
"Lets see how creative yall are. I have attached GIF. Comment on this post  starting with &quot;How I feel ...&quot; about the picture. Lets see who is the most creative redditor."
"Most of my front page attempts."
"This is the saddest thing I've ever seen."
"So cute but so"
"I don't have any words. This is just too cute."
"Golden Gate Bridge"
"The pain of uncertainty in what could be a final goodbye."
"Someone is sleepy!"
"How I feel during a lecture after lunch."
"How I felt getting my raise today!"
"How I felt when my student loans got deposited in my bank account."
"I see you neighbor taking the election hard  and I raise you McDonald's taking it hard."
"Googled slender man and was not disappointed."
"/r/Gaming in a nutshell"
"Meanwhile  at the RNC..."
"Oh my god look at that park job"
"Cute li'l Stinker"
"Skunk"
"So I don't post here but saw this on my news feed."
"I will never understand their culture"
"Yum."
"How I view the leading presidential candidates in this years election."
"You are a Koala"
"What is this I don't even..."
"Really Mom?"
"It's my shameless karma-whoring day  you know what to do."
"Me after almost two weeks without reddit."
"Team iLuminate placed 3rd on AGT?!"
"Avocado corner pocket !"
"damn heels... YOU SCARY!"
"With the recent discovery that there are a bunch of redditors on here that are between 12 and 18... this is how I feel..."
"He better get this right (x/post from imgoingtohellforthis  have no idea why the hell it was there)"
"never going to eat bread again"
"Old Library."
"when i try to play an rts..."
"Watching gangnam style for the first time"
"My reaction to my nephews whenever they &quot;try&quot; and kill me"
"What happens when I take liquid medicine."
"One of the logos i saw most during my childhood.(Fixed)"
"Nightmares forever."
"I went to my first &quot;Hardcore&quot; concert last Friday night. This is all i saw."
"Fuck!"
"When my girlfriend says she wants to talk and I'm high"
"Suddenly..."
"Whenever I see this picture  I just can't help myself from laughing"
"Too much Gangsta for one picture."
"The RZA  The GZA  and Bill Murray"
"Leaving work after getting fired."
"I found this subreddit just a little earlier tonight. I can't stop!"
"Alcohol..."
"We don't approve of wife beating"
"SURPRISE!"
"SUPPLIES!"
"Supplies"
"Supplies!"
"The Presidential candidates live the Dada Life"
"Boosh"
"Nicolas Cage Who?"
"Don't mess with this red ranger!"
"My Electricity went out so i MacGyvered this shit."
"What my cat will be wearing this Halloween"
"What posting to reddit is like"
"Personally I think mother nature is adorable."
"So fucked up."
"Sad truth about ramen  well the stuff they call ramen anyway..."
"This is my kind of ramen!"
"Enthusiasm at it's finest"
"The Most Elite Pilots on Earth Looking Incredibly Badass"
"The latest creation... the DOOMBA"
"After watching a horror movie when i'm home alone"
"Immediately after selecting a thief on Final Fantasy I"
"my reaction when i bought D3"
"Eating a Fiber One bar an hour before being invited to the movies"
"I cleared my browser history after my alone time  and all the links are blue."
"14 Hours into No Fap September"
"dear athetits "
"Definitive Proof."
"Pingu ft. Claptrap - If Ponies Were Real"
"Oh  that makes sense!"
"The epitome of douchebaggery."
"IT A SHARK!!"
"I have the biggest fearection right now... [NSFW]"
"Typed FARTS into imgur. It checks out. [NSFW]"
"Dat Feelin"
"The fuck did you say?"
"Meanwhile  in Norway."
"What it feels like commenting on a front page post."
"Water Covered Fly Close-Up"
"Food Fight"
"Wrong time  wrong place."
"What did she touch?"
"Why hasn't this been used for a horror movie setting yet?"
"Shit just got real with Hurricane Sandy!"
"open up your hard drive..."
"Lost my virginity last night. This is all I have to say about it..."
"Swiss diver travels to Brazil to photograph 26-foot long anacondas...basically my nightmare."
"Not a huge Peter Pan fan  but that is awesome"
"11 years old and this is still the funniest game I have ever played."
"Stop singing already! [GIF]"
"How I feel opening for a metal band..."
"For my cakeday  my favorite gif!"
"Right Foot Two Stomps!"
"real smooth..."
"As if dying a virgin wasn't bad enough"
"Philosoraptor on midgets"
"Philosoraptor on assignments"
"Meanwhile  in Japan."
"Romeo and Juliet"
"It's 106 miles to Chicago  we got a full tank of gas  half a pack of cigarettes  we're mammals  yet we lay eggs."
"The Day After Hurricane Sandy (beware faux-photos)"
"Statue of Liberty This Afternoon"
"The Statue of Liberty at noon today."
"THAR SHE BLOWS!"
"Screw Sandy! We've got bigger problems!"
"So I took a dump about 2 days ago and I strained and pushed to hard and my anus has been sore  im due to take a crap today and this is how I feel my body feels."
"fuck this..."
"I'm becoming a cat"
"Toby"
"Arrested Development Reunion Picture"
"low riding bike"
"The Germans.."
"Introducing myself to people when I'm drunk"
"Probably one of the better comments I've seen on YouTube"
"This is a picture of a cellist playing a concert for bears."
"Bearly even an audience..."
"Zach Galifianakis being awesome as usual."
"I wish this was real. X-post from r/funny"
"Internet Explorer shares VS Murder Rates"
"Fibonacci is attacking the east coast."
"How I feel when the other girls at work ask to leave early because they got their period."
"Watching some of the opening ceremony for the Olympics..."
"My reaction when Mike Hill of ESPN radio said that the perfect game is baseball is no longer relevant after Felix Hernandez throws the 23rd in MLB history."
"MFW my GF made the front page on her third submission."
"When someone posts &quot;their favorite gif of all time&quot;"
"How i react when someone claims their meme is &quot;original content&quot;"
"Let sleeping dogs lie"
"What a sweet dog--OH GOD."
"If you lift his tail  you'll be sorry (GIF)"
"Best movie ever"
"50 Shades of Grey Comes to the Big Screen"
"Lightning  like you always wanted to see it"
"Sha-zam!!!"
"What a lightning strike in slow motion looks like"
"Reddit should have a filter that filters out Cat and Dog posts. Who's with me?"
"Fire isn't funny  but closed captioning is"
"Because how else are you going to put the fire out?"
"So is that a piccolo??"
"This guy... Can anyone tell me what this is from??"
"So I've Stumbled Across This..."
"Inspiring painting...not"
"Just walking the fish"
"Can't even do it in real life."
"QWOP: hardcore mode"
"How I feel walking out of the gym after a leg workout"
"I see what you did there."
"I'm a happy dancing bear with the moon"
"dat feel when you're the bear in the big blue house"
"I came here..."
"Gets me everytime"
"This is why you should wear your seatbelt."
"A different grumpy cat. Almost as cute."
"Dead ambassador  Christopher Stevens  from the Libyan raid yesterday"
"Bagel Head. The newest trend in body art. Really Japan?"
"Googled &quot;Pikachu&quot; and found this..."
"I didn't know cats did Cosplay."
"This is how I feel after losing a 35+ hours Skyrim profile."
"Dr. Heiters mammalia/reptilian-centipede"
"Not sure if repost but.... really?"
"the chicken or the egg?"
"The Petal Falls Twice"
"I don't know what to post for my first cake day so here's a kitten with a top hat Photoshopped onto its head."
"Downvoting a comment already below the score threshold."
"Pencil drawings are the scariest."
"How I Felt When I Went To r/Spacedicks..."
"Yo this movie's gonna blow my mind!!!!!"
"When the lady at SAMs tells me the candy is only for customers when I work out of the store"
"Found this on Facebook"
"The 80's"
"Goochie goochie goo!"
"So I google'd the grossest thing ever..."
"Casual Jesus photobomb"
"Photobombing Jesus! [FIXED]"
"Photobombing Nicolas Cage [Fixed the title]"
"Who all seen da leprechaun say yeahhhhh!"
"My people need me"
"Looking through my high school yearbook"
"Bill Enclosed"
"I saw a lot of Freddie Mercury going on in your rage comics  so I wanted to make sure you've seen this one."
"Epic picture is pretty fucking epic."
"X-Menorah Origins: Wolverstein"
"Future redditor....."
"Its a pun..."
"Rediquette"
"Just witnessed childbirth"
"Anytime I see someone wearing yoga pants that shouldn't be"
"Well  only 1 way to find out."
"Stereotypes are bad."
"Stereotypes for all species!!"
"Starring John Goodman"
"So a deer crashed in a person's home this week in my town..."
"Deer crashes into home in my town. The deer was tranquilized  removed from the house and released after being trapped in the bedroom for about 45 minutes."
"Laundry Day"
"I didn't make this but meet redditopoly the new board game"
"Awwww yeaaaah. Paul Randy."
"After a great deal of sifting through r/politics  I've come to this conclusion..."
"My boyfriend’s reaction when I told him I’m participating in No Shave November… [FIXED]"
"How I reacted when I found out my attractive new co-worker is only 17."
"Pretty much"
"m-m-m-monster kill"
"ruuuun"
"The floppy ear just adds to the cuteness!"
"Rough weekend"
"Some mornings I know exactly how this dog feels"
"Yeah  but can you block this?"
"I'm sick of your shit."
"My favorite gif"
"How I Feel When My Friend Keeps Beating Me At Games"
"Wish He had checked the lid first."
"I love this pic.. might be a repost"
"Planking USMC style"
"What i look like Everytime I try dancing..."
"70% Chance"
"So I was taking care of a two-year-old yesterday..."
"Arguably one of the best characters on television right now."
"Just awwww"
"Kitten delivery"
"Moms"
"Ready to eat after a long day"
"ok I'm sorry  but this is too weird"
"Banana Dolphin Superstar"
"What I've learned in my short four months on Reddit... yeah f*ck you  too  guys."
"Burseball"
"Who doesn't take heart shaped naps?"
"Googled &quot;Mouth Taco&quot; I wasn't disappointed"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"Not Bad."
"Apparently  Obama knows how to blow [x-post from funny]"
"I Didn't Choose The Thug Life... The Thug Life Chose Me"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like police horses..."
"Missing stapler"
"Saw this on Facebook. Parenting level expert."
"What Mrs. Brady should have done to Marsha and Jan..."
"When I heard Paul McCartney was going to perform at the Olympics"
"Little Rascals then and now."
"Saw this on FB I thought it was pretty funny how much they have grown up!"
"Nathan Barnatt is dancing Link"
"Butt Genie"
"Butt Genie"
"This is what it's like arguing with a troll on Reddit."
"The Mexican Army"
"On facebook one day when I found out that this is now on somebody I know's body."
"Fuck these things."
"Babysitting spiderman... no big deal"
"oh... hey there"
"Why?"
"Why I'm scared to be an astronaut."
"Fuck You!"
"Join the Resistance! (x-post from r/buddhism)"
"So Hardcore"
"I wonder if Obama photoshopped this himself?"
"I have to go  my people need me"
"Today's menu for MLK day..."
"My work's lunch menu for MLK day"
"Should have done Chemistry."
"Welcome to Organic Chemistry..."
"Horse cigs"
"Can someone please explain WTF is going on here? (GRAPHIC) (NSFW) (NSFL)"
"Just a couple... of lunatics. (NSFL)"
"[NSFW: Nude/Gore] Well  I suppose that's one way to go camping."
"Still  my biggest WTF reaction ever. (NSFW)"
"I want to be Hunter Thompson"
"A day in the life of Hunter S. Thompson"
"Not sure if best or worst tattoo..."
"Watching a post finally do well on Reddit"
"HIFW Someone Upvotes My Comment"
"How I feel getting 50+ karma on one comment"
"After 8 months of being on reddit and finally hitting 100 Link karma today."
"waka waka (From George Takei fb)"
"One does not simply waka waka.."
"oh sorry I was too busy getting my heart melted"
"BEEEEES!!!"
"BEES!"
"Bees!"
"Whenever someone on my fantasy football team scores a touchdown"
"When someone try's to tell me about how awesome their weekend is going to be..."
"Meanwhile..."
"A young and ripped Neil DeGrasse Tyson"
"The next next best thing!"
"Derivery!"
"Really wish more people would play this..."
"Sometimes your not young enough."
"Boom boom boom boom"
"Pimp my Ride!"
"Every time I take gum out in front of my friends [Fixed] [Fixed]"
"Meanwhile in Russia..."
"Why you shouldn't text and drive"
"Just a little off the top  please"
"Don't Text and Drive!!!!! - Imgur"
"&quot;I'll just tailgate this semi to save gas...&quot;"
"put on ANY non-slow song before seeing this. enjoy"
"They really are persistent"
"Hug me jacket"
"Who needs a girlfriend anyways"
"The Forever Alone Coat For Men"
"Have a seat."
"How I feel every time I go to the gym"
"How I feel now that freshmen moved on to campus."
"The Good  The Bag  and The Unlucky"
"I Want To Believe"
"It Only Took 20 Years"
"Simba? NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"When my mom made cake for me."
"Apparently statues are rising up against us..."
"Still my favorite .gif"
"Funniest GIF I've ever seen  don't care if repost. If you don't laugh  you're a terrorist."
"Nothing. Doing Nothing"
"Yeah keep walking!!"
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"
"Just a little bit softer now"
"I'm afraid that all too soon I'll know exactly how this feels..."
"Incredible art"
"Truly incredible  I say"
"When I hear I got pregnant cause my condom broke"
"Hmm.."
"dammit  checkmate indeed"
"Hummmmmmmm"
"Seems like a fun game to me"
"In the 90's the Simpsons seemed to have had knowledge of today's internet"
"Snoop Dogg"
"Just stop internet."
"How I feel when someone proves Christianity wrong"
"Play dead."
"Old habits never die.."
"Why I don't like public transit..."
"Peek-a-boo"
"Truck gone wild [x-post from r/Trucks]"
"When I accidentally slipped &quot;I love you&quot; to my girlfriend...oh goddammit."
"Playing L4D2 for the first time and startling the witch."
"This might have made the Titanic movie watchable..."
"what really took down the titanic"
"Pidgeot use Drillpeck!"
"It's actually really sad."
"Anyone know where I can buy a baby octopus? [gifs]"
"Newly hatched baby octopus"
"Go home rainbow ... Your drunk!"
"Cheesy and unrelated."
"Porn before and after masturbating (sfw)"
"Asturias"
"I love this gif  though I don't know when I would ever use it."
"Sorry if someone did this already."
"When someone ask me if i want dessert"
"Pink fairy armadillo!?!?"
"I'm Sorry"
"Chicago Christians at a pride parade...beautiful."
"I need to find them"
"just found a bitch from my grade school had a baby. I still remain childless. Huzzah."
"Jennifer  will you marry me?"
"That bitch got what she deserved"
"It takes a certain type of person to not see this result coming"
"Don't do it  puny human!"
"Tell me more about how cute I am"
"When I wake up and realize it is Friday"
"She's THAT type of girl"
"Speaking of Eclipses..."
"Oh no."
"mama im sick"
"I always LOVE baby in my manwitch."
"I created a Snoo for this subreddit!"
"Anyone else think the sequel to this game should have competitive multiplayer? I personally think this game was made for CTF"
"A game that REALLY needs a sequel."
"The most dangerous game of &quot;If I fits  I sits&quot;"
"Self portrait."
"Catcopter"
"Guys cat died  turned it into a helicopter...WTF!"
"Phil Collins Spider"
"spidey song"
"First thing that popped in my head when I saw this Gif the first time."
"it's my B day today.  so here is my post...the Ultimate beer kozzie"
"Choices"
"Long-exposure of a nighttime shuttle launch"
"Just got married. This is my new motto.[Fixed]"
"How I feel after 2 years of marriage"
"Still my favorite face-switch."
"Role Reversal"
"So this lady got on the bus today  with her jar of Mayo and knife to eat it with."
"When I discovered what pressing AJAJAJAJAJAJ (with Reddit Enhancement Suite) does to the comments section of a reddit post."
"Riding the Narwhal"
"this basically explains my feelings about reddit"
"Castaway"
"A witch smoking a pipe. Can you see it?"
"I don't think you really had a choice in the matter"
"Today didn't start out so great with this purchase"
"when you do something hard on your first try"
"Then and Now"
"Favorite Toy (my favorite picture of all time)"
"Some things never change..."
"Typical Reddit Meetup."
"Whenever I Get An Upvote"
"Realizing it's your cake day!"
"Nope. You can't see my internet history!"
"My grandma when she saw I wasn't bowing my head during Thanksgiving prayer"
"whack-a-kitty"
"GO CHARIZARD!"
"This is not an upvote"
"I Choose You"
"Jep. About every time i eat very spicy food"
"Hardcore Scooter"
"Lion Love&lt;3"
"Gay? - Daniel Sloss"
"Whenever I make a comment and I see the same comment made by somebody else downvoted to hell"
"What kind of car did Jesus drive?"
"fresco jesus honda"
"My sister tries to play it cool when her crush looks over but I may be the reason he never speaks to her"
"Dinner's over  and so is your young blond haired life"
"The eyes have it. Ya rly."
"THAT'S NOT SUPPOSED TO BEND THAT WAY (X-post from r/gifs)"
"And father of the year goes tooooooo..."
"Fuck the police"
"How it really went down"
"I'm going to leave this here"
"When a YouTube video takes too long to buffer"
"When I'm told to write a rough draft"
"I decided to take time out of writing two papers to go food shopping. After I was done I saw my car had been hit while I was inside. The dispatcher said to go to the station to file a report."
"When an ad comes up in the middle of playing a game"
"missed my cakeday then thought..."
"WTF Fred? (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Listening to foreign music..."
"too much awesome for one pic?"
"and redbull does it again."
"How I feel downvoting reposts"
"My wishes never come true."
"&quot;Oh  it's your cakeday?&quot;"
"Gettin' funky with it"
"Shit is a straight up sphere"
"Why can't I hold all these useless coupons?"
"As a Playstation Plus subscriber"
"how my hard drive feels after i download the valve complete pack"
"Its always deeper than we think..."
"Good friends always have your back."
"Fuck this post"
"My friend made this for me. Love that will last forever."
"Please....."
"om nom nom"
"And that was the last time she ever asked to go to the zoo."
"Nom nom nom"
"Don't bite my head off"
