"How I felt when i forgot to put &quot;spoiler&quot; in a comment"
"how people tend to sing the national anthem at sporting events these days"
"Star Spangled Banner - Sporting Event Version"
"trollcat"
"Whale craps on diver  who then pukes in his mask."
"So close..."
"not clear"
"When your friend makes it to the front page."
"What happens when a bunch of Bronies meet up and take a group photo? I'll  give you a hint: it rhymes with &quot;hinge&quot;..."
"seriously?"
"1.5 Million Balloons"
"Poor Spiderman..."
"When I'm pooping and the water back-splashes to hit my ass (NSFW)"
"We meet again."
"Seems Legit"
"Elegant coin stacking"
"Escaped Bear from Ohio Killed in Cold Blood (NSFW)"
"Origin of Humans"
"I immediately regret this decision"
"Who wouldn't wanna go here?"
"Ultimate Fap Challenge!"
"When you go swimming when the water is too cold"
"Just.... how?"
"Muffin Top: Level 99 [NSFW]"
"&quot;I'm the same size as I was in high school!&quot;"
"Only at Ci-Ci's Pizza"
"Who ordered the muffin top?"
"This Is Actually Really Clever"
"Zebra Snake"
"How I feel about the season premiere as a Ukrainian"
"Hershey's gangsta"
"My face when I have been caught doing something bad."
"I insulted his mom!"
"TIL that this is my Spanish teacher's little brother and her dog"
"Worst Roommate Ever"
"The printer was low on ink anyways"
"Have you ever been so scared that you...."
"Am I the only one who finds this a bit extreme."
"Whenever I get the sh*t scared out of me"
"My all-time favourite gif"
"This morning when I heard the news........"
"When I'm feeling down this always helps..."
"Steve Irwin is back!"
"When you walk into the bathroom  and someone is dropping a deuce  and you make eye contact..."
"How I feel having escaped my first reddit post unharmed..."
"As a North Carolinian"
"When I go to comment on a post and find that every single comment has negative karma"
"When I fart silently in public  but it comes out extremely loud..."
"Guess FoxNews was right..."
"Well  fuck!"
"The man gives light to the mist"
"That's nothing  I once..."
"Is it time to take a shower?"
"please tell me where this gif is from!!?!"
"When I see &quot;This&quot; as a response"
"Being homeschooled my whole life  this is how i felt starting my freshman year at a public school... [Fixed]"
"Hey Listen..."
"Self esteem bear"
"Hey  Listen..."
"Shame on you."
"No animals were harmed in the making of your T-Bone steak."
"People these days..."
"what a sitting llama looks like"
"Where delicious kebab comes from"
"I hope he turns into a butterfly one day..."
"my friend is taking her first photoshop class  this is her first project"
"How I imagine being a Christian on reddit must be like"
"Sharing your opinion on Reddit [OC]"
"Suddenly  Backpacks."
"Our arrows will blot out the sun..."
"A day in the life of a Mandalorian bounty hunter."
"A day in the life of a Mandalorian bounty hunter."
"What do you say to your dad you haven't spoken to in 2 years?"
"This definitely needs reposting"
"Fish and laser"
"Not a big fan of cats  so....."
"Cats aren't the only ones..."
"Found this in children's section of library in Sweden"
"Electrostunswing!"
"Mesmereyes"
"I think I'll board the bad tattoo train."
"Come at me Bro"
"Mike Rowe"
"Mmm...yes."
"Baby Fox"
"Haters gonna hate"
"I dont really know what to say about this..."
"This is the coolest thing I've ever seen"
"Yes he is."
"Every time I watch Cops"
"Whenever I'm on a quick escalator"
"Finally started watching Battlestar Galactica. How I felt about the first episode. (x-post from television.)"
"I think this pretty much sums up the Chick-fil-a protests."
"Well Now I have to Turn off the lights..."
"How would you feel if someone turned you on and left?"
"Sometimes 4chan has a hard time expressing their emotions"
"After reading a long  meaningful comment"
"Cute kitty cries for help"
"Stahp"
"Toilet paper art."
"It all makes sense now..."
"Old Spice Guy with the Most Interesting Man in the World"
"Long shadows on the Salar de Uyuni"
"Snake charmer"
"How I feel when my grandma tries to talk to me about her sex life...."
"Time to GTFO."
"How reddit manages Romney supporters"
"Whenever someone tries to hijack the top comment with a pun"
"What I do when someone posts bad news"
"Its Fashionable.. I guess"
"Just Bob Marley and Jimi Hendrix playing Football/Soccer back stage"
"Flooded NYC subway station."
"NYC/Jersey Sandy damage pics in one album"
"Good without god"
"Meant to do that..."
"I promise I'll be good."
"I came from eBay"
"If I fits  I sits."
"Heterozygoats..."
"My sweet dark chocolate..."
"Sweet Dark Chocolate"
"I see your ipad.."
"Reddit Origins"
"Found this on Larry the Cable Guy's facebook"
"this popped up on my internet today"
"A Chipper WWII Vet - I thought it was amusing"
"College Back-to-School Store"
"Store was nearly out of Hurricane Chow"
"How I feel about teen pregnancy"
"Morgan Freeman"
"Well fuck"
"WTF  y'all?"
"How I feel after dropping Starks for DeMarco Murray this morning"
"The nice  warm feeling when you piss in your own pants."
"So adorable.."
"Solvay Conference 1927 (Colored)"
"Playing games was never so fun. NSFW"
"Now we know who started the Big Bang"
"This is just scary"
"Kinda middle-era WTF  I guess"
"Timing"
"My teacher just said &quot;If you dont vote. Terrorist are going to come over and take your country away.&quot;"
"Ellen"
"How I feel after IHOP"
"Michael Jackson + a handle of Smirnoff + two midgets = one great picture"
"Just Michael Jackson partying with midgets."
"Starwars Joke"
"I see your zombie fortress and I raise you a better idea."
"A truly beautiful place to live"
"How I feel after making over 600 comment karma on reddit in under 4 days."
"How I picture /r/trees"
"How people get colds"
"Haters gonna hate"
"It's that time of year again."
"All my friends are dead."
"When I have something funny to say to a post  but see that there is 900 comments."
"Every time I see toilet paper in the garbage while living at home with my brother."
"Saw that a Facebook &quot;friend&quot; liked this along with 700 000 others. Caption: &quot;HE DIED FOR US! Like to thank him.&quot; I dont think they get it..."
"Cobra Cocktail Anyone? I guess it's called &quot;Cu Chi Wine&quot; in Vietnam. Just for some extra giggles."
"How to ruin someone's day"
"And no fucks were given."
"When I see other people who don't give a fuck"
"Nice try  Mascotte guy!"
"I think about it too"
"The only thing"
"Sand struck by lightning. [Pic] (Photo by Ken Smith  National Geographic)"
"Growth of Wal-Mart [x-post from r/gifs] [520x362]"
"Making light of a serious scene"
"Still makes me giggle. Happy Sunday  Reddit!"
"at least she's not making a duck face"
"Definition of HOLY FUCKING SHIT!"
"Longest gif ever  well worth it though"
"Apple Maps"
"Not happy"
"Prepare r/breakingbad... We may be getting an influx of photos with someone meeting this guy at a movie theater"
"How I felt the day after Cinco de Mayo..."
"THIS is the reason I have been back to see The Avengers 3 times. (Spoilers- kind of)"
"Reddit's worst nightmare."
"The Reddit archives have been raided."
"Reddit's worst nightmare..."
"Somebody in marketing is about to get fired"
"Sucks"
"I just think its expensive  but opinions may vary."
"Just spent an hour watching this"
"I could watch this for hours"
"Ain't No One - The Story of Tiny Hippo"
"And shanked tiny Raven's tiny bitch ass"
"Ain't no one fucks with tiny hippo."
"No one messes with tiny hippo."
"My brother was caught by the police at a speed trap today  his response was to make this sign."
"so I saw this on facebook..."
"Leave her pig alone!"
"Don't touch it!"
"My face when I hear the original version of a song covered by a band I like."
"crowded pond"
"Bath time"
"my attempt at getting my fat cat to move (xpost from r/funny)"
"You wanna piece of me??"
"Man and Woman"
"The Intro (X-Post r/gaming)"
"What it's like surfing reddit before seeing Dark Knight Rises."
"The Queen laughing as she passes her husband  the Duke of Edinburgh  in uniform."
"If historical events had Facebook updates...Fucking Awesome..."
"Thor and Loki appreciating the finer things of life"
"Dat Assgard"
"Fuck You I'm a Moose"
"And why not?"
"Why so serious?"
"What NOT to do while a soon to be famous picture of the President is being taken."
"Really Ghetto  The Last Supper."
"What is this sorcery? I can't...can't move"
"Oreo Memories"
"Grand Dog Auto"
"Iron man iron..... man.."
"All of the GTA protagonists in one room."
"Lounging Kangaroo"
"Riding with Hitler"
"Tourist Guy - The infamous photoshop hoax that trolled 9/11."
"Petite girl takes on two monster cocks at once."
"Was hoping for more SFW"
"Math makes me sad."
"Fun's over  kid"
"Tried taking a picture of a sink draining  wound up with a picture of an eye instead. (X-post r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Whenever I eat chewing gum"
"How every night has been since turning 21"
"How I imagine my parents feel now that I'm moved into college."
"Rolling in the deep..."
"dancing-polar-bear"
"dancing-polar-bear"
"It's okay  I do too."
"poor spongebob"
"HUNTER!"
"Im lost for words"
"Why?"
"Why?"
"Glory of Satan"
"I could do that but I don't wanna"
"Ahhhh choooooooooo"
"Achoo! Omnomnomnom"
"Meanwhile in Mexico"
"Just going out for a little walk...xpost from r/funny"
"Riding Dirty"
"when i realized i missed my cake day"
"the thought if moving home to your parents as a &quot;graduate&quot;...with no job (my parents are so happy)"
"You can only be so lucky"
"Words cannot express..."
"What...if.."
"Thanks  I wasn't sure."
"Think she got the point. [NSFW]"
"Laptop batteries..."
"Boom"
"Awesome photo from space of an erupting volcano (Sarychev Peak  Kuril Islands)"
"Floating Tree"
"Kitty training a turtle to be ninja (gif)"
"Rawwwr"
"Mass Transit Rider level 99"
"i dont even"
"Simba gets PWNED."
"Not today."
"How it feels after surfing Reddit for too long"
"Giant Mysterious Eyeball Found on Florida Beach"
"Huge eye discovered on pompano beach in Florida"
"When I am having a bad day  and I get downvoted."
"My Narwhal is so dyslexic  this happened at 6:12"
"Redditor methodically murders and stuff dozens of bunnies  then artistically arranges them all for another hit of that karma crack rock"
"I think this belongs here"
"This is my kind of porn (NSFW)"
"Where did you come from where did you go  where did you come from Cotton-Eyed Joe? NSFW"
"The best .gif I've seen in a long  long time. (NSFW)"
"As an American seeing 9/11 jokes on Reddit..."
"Magic isn't real? [chrudat.com]"
"Bunny Bath!"
"Comfy?"
"4chan vs reddit"
"How I feel leaving work for a week long vacation"
"I immediately regret this decision"
"Be Like Mario"
"A Brain Cell vs. The Universe | Birth of a Cell vs. Death of a Star | An Eye vs. A Nebula"
"People change."
"This is what I look like when I play Amnesia."
"Can anyone tell me what this GIF is from?"
"My reaction to the new youtube layout!"
"How I reacted to walking in on my dad's father's day present. Holy Hawking's wheelchair..."
"What happens when I face-check a bush to find the entire enemy team"
"MFW I realized it's my two year cake day.."
"Chemis in Copenhagen"
"Sigh  the doctor sounds like my dad...."
"What I think every time I see a post about the friend zone."
"What I want to say to most of the Little Kids."
"Captain Thor Hammer"
"Cat Vs Ravioli"
"Is that..RAVIOLI!?"
"Just showed this gif to my sister - her response: &quot;I don't get it&quot;"
"Which one?"
"Justin Bieber won awards for his music?"
"Hold on!"
"When people says our government needs &quot;Christian Morals&quot;..."
"Poor kid"
"How's been on steam for the longest?"
"My dog's Christmas present..."
"My friend got his pug a pair of slippers"
"...yo dawg"
"this cat is trippin'"
"It flies 100 000 000 miles....only to draw a giant dick in the sand  NASA troll"
"Panorama image from Opportunity Mars Exploration Rover at Greeley Haven (published just last week; source in comments)"
"Pug Yoda has something to say."
"Hard Core."
"Absolutely Beautiful Hand Made Skeleton Fountain Pens"
"Not really sure  felt these belonged here. So I'm hoping you guys get the steampunk vibe I get from these."
"LPT Request: Best way to open these?"
"At the end of the work day"
"How I'm feeling about studying right now..."
"Annnd it's Friday "
"Subtle Racism."
"My black friend shared this with me..."
"A motorcycle made out of lobster."
"Jay Cutler is a fellow Redditor."
"So I felt a tickle on my leg this morning while I was putting on my shoes..."
"my babe want me to lift her"
"ATTACK!"
"That's a licker to me"
"How I feel I feel when I drop something breakable/valuable  and save it with my foot."
"Sometimes listening to music and redditing can be amazing."
"When my brother texts me saying that he's bringing 2 girls over  and one is for me."
"It's my cakeday  not creative enough. So here's a repost of a post I look at when I'm down!"
"I googled Anne Hathaway and found this. I'm done with the internet for today."
"Great concept  poor excecution."
"Yesterday's post went down well  so I present the opposite: The Mighty Upvote"
"What it's like every time I upvote."
"This is the saddest story I've seen on 4chan"
"Mortal Kombat"
"Finish Her! [NSFW]"
"Bicycle kicks. [NSFW]"
"'Merica Fuck Yeahh !"
"Sounds about right.... (xpost from /r/gaming)"
"This was an ad I saw on Youtube"
"This ad will surely recruit more social workers..."
"When I see my karma disappearing...."
"Jungle Photoshop"
"Venturing into r/SpaceDicks for the first time"
"When we do an easy dragon only to realize the entire enemy team has been MIA and probably has been doing baron."
"Real life Cartman"
"The Ceiling of Sagrada Familia  a Catholic church in Barcelona"
"Sad  but too true."
"This is my life"
"Creativity at its finest"
"The most terrifying of all dinosaurs"
"When I get lots of downvotes and I delete my post"
"Finally got a job interview"
"Saw this badass at a house party."
"Space Bound (photo from NASA)"
"After Hurricane Sandy the Strandbeests took to the forests...."
"You can be anything"
"The animal of destruction"
"Feline Baumgartner"
"Felix the Cat (animated gif)"
"Felix the cat"
"Unicorn lady"
"This horse is obviously drunk and should go home"
"Ouroboros"
"Looks like Jesus is having trouble expressing his feels."
"Easter eggs for Hitler"
"Cutest thing I have seen on the internet.."
"I'm telling you man  I barely escaped from that huge monster!"
"what would you name this cat?"
"Bad Luck Brian grew up..."
"When I leave Reddit and come back only to find a plethora of upvotes"
"Yeeeeeeeeeeeesh!"
"How I feel going through seaweed when snorkilng"
"Why would someone draw this."
"The romance these couples have is contagious."
"Cooking Time"
"Whoa  an albino crow.."
"Did not expect to see this at the zoo."
"Better grab an umbrella"
"How to draw an owl"
"Basically every drawing instruction book ever."
"Instructions not clear enough. My dick is in the toaster."
"My favorite gif."
"Statistics say that 1 in 3 people are..."
"I haz fluff!"
"what is it??"
"Meowy Christmas"
"Babe caught me slippin'."
"One of the biggest fails I've seen"
"What a cute couple . . ."
"Ole lonely ass..."
"Meanwhile in Scotland"
"I ask myself this all the time!"
"Can never figure it out when I see some of the pictures on here."
"Space shuttle Endeavor being transported over Texas this morning"
"Joe Kittinger Jumped From The Edge of Space in 1960 - Give The Man Some Credit"
"The fuck was that?"
"My cats thought process (Shameless repost)"
"Jim Gaffigan as a Cat"
"For my cakeday  I give you my favorite gif of all time"
"Let's all take a moment and be positive for a change."
"I guess he needed a lot more time..."
"I've never really saw the EA hate before this...thanks EA."
"The only good thing about living in Alabama [xpost from r/MobileAL]"
"I thought Windows Vista had security flaws.."
"My face when someone leaves their account logged in on reddit at the Apple store."
"How I feel after freeing up hard drive space"
"How to Get Karma."
"Monk sharing with a tiger (x-post r/pics) [889x591]"
"Monk shares his supper with a tiger."
"From the Tiger Temple in Kanchanaburi  Thailand"
"How I feel when I see Pokemon posts."
"For once i'm glad the title was misleading"
"*sigh*"
"Reminds me of Cartmanland [x-post from r/funny]"
"greatest excited-reaction-gif ever."
"Obama comforting woman in New Jersey"
"Trying to make it to the Front Page"
"KKK Pink Chapter"
"Every Move You Make"
"75 bands in 1 picture"
"I think I'm submitting a really classy link then..."
"Shit's getting serious in Canada"
"Classic Canada..."
"Master Of Dildos"
"The Wind Never Stood A Chance"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"Another type of marine mammal"
"I am sure this has been posted before  but I have not seen it. My favorite baby's first reaction to lemon GIF."
"Indeed  madam. (Crossposted from /r/funny)"
"Lumpy Space Princess Family Photo"
"The touch."
"anyone know the source?"
"Bathtub Calling"
"I don't always go to my girlfriend's house  but when I do I get an awesome picture of her dog."
"Whip it real good"
"Hitler was a very tortured soul."
"Its my 1st Reddit birthday  and here is the picture that makes me laugh everytime I see it"
"Keeping the black man down"
"I have nothing to give for my birthday but here is Tyrone doing horrible in Jeopardy!"
"Shit Tyrone"
"White People"
"Oh  white people..."
"Not the best idea."
"Now that you mention it  I've always kinda felt they were."
"Soccer is dangerous! - Imgur"
"The best one in my opinion"
"I will survive..."
"Epic Plunger Man"
"Meet Moustafa  The man with the biggest biceps in the world.... Also  the most ridiculous looking man in the world"
"Little girl and the manatee"
"Jesus vs Horus"
"Hollywood [FIXED]"
"I do believe it's Friday."
"Grown Up Kitteh is responsible."
"When i win £2 on a scratch card"
"3D leg tattoo"
"The majority of posts in /new"
"What the people of reddit are really starting to remind me of"
"Can't unsee."
"Humpty Dumpty has never been so creepy"
"Evacuate? NAH!"
"Batman vs Superman"
"Batman must get jealous from time to time..."
"Bert and Ernie"
"Sesame Street Reunion"
"Who needs 'em anyway?"
"From Acquaintances to Best Friends (x-post from /r/PastAndPresentPics)"
"Remember these guys?"
"How I feel knowing that it's Friday"
"Mickey Phuckin' Mau5"
"Cats  cats  cats"
"Cats like it raw"
"Scatman fixed"
"THUG4LYFE"
"They can never get that flavor just right"
"Incredible bee sting photo by photographer Kathy Keatly Garvey. x-post from r/pics."
"When the bee stings"
"A honey bee seconds before it stings"
"Perfect timing"
"Bee Sting."
"Ladies and Gentlemen the Wii U sucks"
"a conservative opinion on r/politics"
"What is the opposite of r/aww? The Star Nosed Mole of course"
"Sad Batman..."
"How I used to spend my Saturdays...[FIXED]"
"saw my karma jump today. this happened."
"Pretty much what I do when I hear a gnat in my ear..."
"Leatherback Sea Turtle's Mouth: NOPE"
"You Bitch!"
"How I feel when my Christian friends love Mythbusters  a show run by two atheists."
"A baby chameleon"
"Zuko Pro-Bending"
"Felt that this should be share with the world.."
"Starting off my day on a positive note"
"The only person that should be allowed to duckface"
"Rainbow parrots"
"Searched &quot;How to know if your contacts are inside out&quot; in google."
"The '90s captured in a single image."
"Chocolate Covered Birdy"
"Disturbing reports of fapping.."
"How Dark Knight Rises could have been a 30 minute movie"
"This fuckering company needs a new designer."
"Thai sculptor transforms scrap parts into Autobots"
"time to fap"
"When a man's gotta fap  a man's gotta fap."
"Sometimes I just can't resist"
"Che Shirt"
"yeah  i don't know about that URL guys"
"Hey guys was just told this place existed! I inverted the world map in Photoshop! Day and Night version"
"Fat hispanic child eating watermelon expressively."
"Your argument is permanently invalid."
"Billy Badass."
"Curiosity's latest self portrait"
"NASA's Mars rover took a selfy."
"Protests and riots on Canadian streets"
"well  a flying disco midget kicking some asses. [x-post from r/WTF]"
"My new favorite GIF"
"Achievement unlocked! (NSFW)"
"I guess that's all they can do... [NSFW]"
"Jimi Hendrix.. Castles Made of Carbonite"
"Fly trap"
"To soon?"
"Just a little closer..."
"All the people trying to get the Christian Bale karma"
"Gollum is taking over Wellington Airport (NZ)"
"A paradise for every starfish"
"Jump in the mud they said..."
"Just a drop of water in front of a map"
"Getting a lot of downvotes  but then making it to the front page."
"Whenever I play Blitz..."
"Oh shit  no  no  no!"
"You've gotta admit  when it comes to album titles  no one does it quite like deadmau5"
"Back to HIS roots...(nws)"
"Modern Deadly Sins"
"It only runs on double A's!"
"At least he made it home."
"After a day of browsing Reddit"
"Friday Nights"
"Just an amphibian WINNING an iPhone game."
"I was watching a movie in bed  got up for a drink and came back to find this"
"Every Time I Try To Get Off The Phone With My Mom"
"Zipping up your pants after using the urinal."
"Saving the day... Like a boss"
"To da rescue!"
"It's a bird. It's a plane. Wait  no  it's a WTF?"
"I was searching for Winnie The Pooh images when I found this..."
"The truth behind peanut butter"
"TGIF!"
"TGIF! (X-Post from /r/funny)"
"My reaction to finding out that my sister was getting punished for riding her rollerblades in the house on the wood floors."
"How I feel when I open my math textbook."
"How I feel during accounting..."
"How I felt at my lil sister's 21st bday party...trying to hold conversations with 20yr old girls about tanning and getting wassstttteedd."
"Saw this lady on the plane..."
"Epileptics beware..."
"This is how I do it right?"
"Notice the man to the left protecting his baby"
"Unlucky fan connects with a baseball bat to the jaw"
"&quot;ALRIGHT GUYS SHUT UP ITS MY MOM CALLING&quot;"
"[FIXED] Living with ONE female roommate - from r/pics"
"The only asshole Canadian to ever live [Fixed]"
"I now understand architects."
"&quot;Nothing says I love you...&quot; x post from r/funny"
"Realistic Futurama"
"Pokey &amp; Tard"
"Father where are you? (x-post from /r/gifs)"
"What we did with money back when I was young."
"Power of Mom"
"Wait..so are you dead or not?"
"This make anyone else hot?"
"Those sadists..."
"Didney Worl?"
"Ladies  please."
"Cunt destroyer."
"Please ladies..."
"The Lohan Progression(xpost r/gifs)"
"These pretzels are making me thirsty."
"Sometimes You Just Want to be a Car"
"Transformers 2.0"
"Finding some joy amongst the devastation"
"When your friend has gum."
"Whenever a co-worker says they have gum"
"Plants vs. Zombies"
"My response to all the people raging about getting speeding tickets."
"A hug from him would count as rape."
"When I walk back into a room I just farted in"
"seeing all these posts about the gum wall"
"When I enter the wrong classroom"
"walking to school on a monday morning"
"Pac Man Twilight Zone"
"Why I like BBW. (SFW)"
"What does this look like to you?"
"Are dog toys supposed to look like this ?!"
"What new redditors should expect"
"I find this very unsettling..."
"Like a boss"
"Meanwhile in... nevermind  just a white rider"
"Me after finishing my homework assignment after hours of work 6am which is due in at 8am."
"Finishing your homework at 3am"
"I've been working 16 hours straight on a paper due in 1 hour...I feel like shit"
"Jesse from Breaking Bad's costume"
"Just for you."
"Leaning over the balcony "
"How I see it and how mom's see it"
"Over the balcony"
"Vincent does something right."
"What I looked like when my brother was showing off his new Macbook to me."
"If you're happy and you know it"
"Freddie Mercury: Lover Of Life  Singer Of Songs. 5th September 1946 - 24th November 1991."
"Ocean City  NJ. 1884-2012."
"When my recent ex gets married to a guy she's known for two weeks."
"How I felt after posting something with a spelling error and not getting down voted or called out."
"Imagine"
"Space Shuttle Endeavour flies over downtown Austin  TX this morning"
"204 countries in the Olympic opening ceremony?"
"When I click on a post that has long Txt to read.."
"How I feel when people comment on my grammar."
"Hostess is closing? No more Twinkies?"
"Edinburgh Castle  Edinburgh  Scotland"
"What's this article about?"
"Mom and her pups"
"Men laughing alone while eating fruit salad"
"Can I just get dow...NOPENOPENOPE!!!"
"Treadmill? More like Trollmill"
"How I see things now"
"Tranquility as it should be"
"No words needed"
"How I feel as an indifferent atheist when I see posts about religion on the front page"
"dat..."
"How is this even possible? [Possible NSFW]"
"Dad is an asshole"
"Dafuq?"
"Some-what confusing..."
"How it feels to be the sober one at a party"
"I found this picture that I've apparently had for almost a year now..."
"Oh Felix..."
"Inside Google's Data Centers"
"Inside Google's Data Centers"
"Mike Tyson's soft side"
"Lost my shit at a [6]"
"For god's sake he using a mug!"
"Yeah  I know how to fix computers  but I'm paid as a warehouse worker. So you get this..."
"How I felt the first time I randomed Invoker"
"Giving my boyfriend a lapdance for v-day"
"It's my cake day! This is what I've learned through one year of trying to gain karma on reddit."
"So I'm home alone this week and this is me trying to cook something for lunch"
"When I have to cover the bar when a bartender goes on break..."
"Typed in yellow on google...."
"Nice try  blue. [Fixed]"
"How it feels having a migraine at work."
"Russian Missile Barrage  Chechnya [1198x750]"
"Hold on."
"Flawless Logic. Checkmate Atheists."
"Why do I feel the need to buy this..."
"How I feel when my post has 5 upvotes an hour after posting."
"Ready to pick up some bitches?"
"&quot;Are you thinking what I'm thinking?&quot;"
"&quot;Are you thinking what I'm thinking?&quot;"
"I see your black lion and offer a Black Tiger"
"So  a little extra rained caused this to happen where I live."
"Cart Wrangler"
"My reaction after going on r/spacedicks for the first time..."
"Every Day I'm Dumblin'!"
"Depressed Spongebob"
"Tupac + Unicorn"
"This belongs here."
"Thats a whole lot of aww"
"Nothing to do here"
"Someday I will have my own."
"All the smashing ladies"
"Just got done with the semester and this is all i can think of (repost)"
"How I feel after getting a 100 on my summer reading."
"Anytime I see someone butthurt write a paragraph argument about religion/politics."
"The Kiss of Death Statue at the Old Graveyard of Poblenou in Barcelona"
"Awesome statue at the Old Graveyard of Poblenou in Barcelona"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Shut up and take my money"
"When someone talks about a movie I haven't seen yet  but want to"
"The Real Heisenberg"
"Dodging Downvotes"
"When ever i get down voted to hell"
"It's A Homo's Devil Machine"
"The Sims 3. If you know what i mean..."
"Japanese Game Shows..."
"This weekend I installed two 12 inch subs in car."
"So my friend just installed these awesome new 12 inch subs in his car"
"this actually makes my day - Imgur"
"So all i have to do is say &quot;instant karma&quot;?"
"Cafeteria ninja"
"nobody messes up my flow  bitch"
"Knock my tray will you! (Probably has been posted before)"
"Don't fuck with this guy."
"Don't mess with this dude."
"instant karma"
"Fisting: You're doing it wrong."
"3D  Rotating Nebula"
"Solitaire dealt a game where not a single move was possible."
"Duckling feeding koi fish"
"Wut? (Possibly NSFW)"
"Looks so good you can taste it"
"No clue what's going on"
"Silly Shave!"
"Shaved Alpaca. The longer you look  the funnier it gets. [PIC]"
"Just Albert Einstein with a puppet of himself."
"When I Saw My Last Post Actually Got Upvoted"
"My exact reaction when I found out it was my cake day."
"This popped up on my Facebook...."
"Wtf is this Facebook"
"Saw this on Facebook......are you kidding me?"
"Mike Rowe would be proud"
"Shampoo!"
"Big fish eating a smaller fish [gif]"
"Meet the animals from Ghibli!"
"All this has happened before. All this will happen again."
"choo choo motherfuckers"
"When you live near Railroad tracks and you try to fall asleep"
"Just going for a dive....."
"&quot;Did I do something wrong?&quot; [FIXED]"
"Stupefy!!"
"So I was typing in random URL's on imgur when..."
"My Friend's Friend's Cats."
"If we fits  we sits"
"I couldn't find them  until I decided to search the bathroom..."
"How I felt reading the comments in the groom sees bride thread."
"The wheels on the bus go round and round..."
"Is she spinning clockwise or counter-clockwise?"
"Sleepy"
"How I feel when I see a post that has more Karma than I have in total."
"School of the future as portrayed in the past."
"I must have wasted years of my life by now..."
"Good Grief  Charlie Brown."
"Logging on to reddit and finding out you made the front page"
"Seems legit."
"An Artic fox pup"
"Awesome handicap accessible stairs."
"Meerly a camera whore"
"How to kill a walrus"
"How to kill a horker with speechcraft."
"I went from 1 to 2 Karma??"
"Every guy when he discovers a cute girl on that browses Reddit"
"As a new redditor getting 100+ karma on a post"
"Gif still gets me"
"When I'm at a concert and the band starts playing my favorite song"
"When i first realize reaction gifs is a subreddit"
"Fuck The Rules - Part II"
"A relationship with god is a textbook abusive relationship."
"Watch this gif while listening to dubstep.It becomes GOLDEN!!!"
"George Harrison age 14  John Lennon age 16 and Paul McCartney age 15 and Stuart Sutcliffe age 17"
"Of course he would..."
"What in God's name...."
"That's what friends are for I guess"
"Yeah. That looks fun."
"Timmy Turner all grown up."
"Who will be haunted in their sleep after watching this?"
"Today a giraffe escaped from a circus in Imola (Italy). A pic worth many internets."
"Human Season"
"Pretty good moose hunting this year"
"Hell of a roadtrip..."
"It is the opposite day in Canada!"
"Visit reddit and see account age is 366 days"
"Clever James Bond and Lincoln poster placement"
"Found the real culprit behind the Lincoln assassination..."
"Skyfall ad placement win"
"Lincoln can't catch a break..."
"Just a panda sitting in an airplane.."
"The Force is strong."
"I Think he's enjoying this a little too much..."
"How to escape the f***ing Friend Zone (fixed!)"
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth. I am never going near a child again."
"My reaction when I see WTF posts on the front page cause of the enhancement suite"
"My little sister posted this on FB... should I be worried?"
"Surprise Muthafucka"
"Motha'fucka!"
"Alison Brie and Gillian Jacobs (from Community) did a photoshoot for GQ... [NSFW]"
"I slapped her with a piece of pizza"
"Maybe she thought her Mom was hungry?"
"Spin! - [2:12] [x-post from gifsound]"
"What I feel like doing while in school"
"Official Image of Hugh Jackman from &quot;Wolverine&quot;"
"Hugh Jackman in 'The Wolverine'"
"Tiger Knee!"
"Glow-in-the-Dark Driveway"
"This just blew my mind"
"Relighting candle from a distance"
"no more"
"Once a pun thread starts"
"How I felt seeing President Obama doing an IAMA"
"Can I have one of these?"
"Derpina irl."
"And then she was Derpina."
"My favorite &quot;Jesus is a Jerk&quot;"
"Just tell them anyway"
"No you didn't Jesus."
"Did you know Jesus fought a dragon?"
"This is how i feel when i get an upvote on Reddit"
"g! Ggggg  ggg? Ggg gg. G!"
"Can you nazi the difference?"
"Poor T-Rex"
"New Orleans Streetcar"
"A wizard did it"
"Feels good to be loved."
"When opening my bio textbook."
"Arrested Development memes (xpost from /r/arresteddevelopment)"
"Put your finger in your ear and scratch."
"what it feels like I do at a school dance"
"Working at the office..."
"PSYduck!"
"Psy-Duck"
"Psy-Duck"
"Favelas of Brazil. The boundary between wealth and poverty"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend Shows You Her Room!"
"The hottest woman you've ever met takes you back to her place. This is her bedroom. Would you?"
"Guys...guys listen.."
"Hey Guys..."
"I have the beast ide- you guys  i have the best idea ever"
"Walken in a winter wonderland"
"I wouldn't know what to think if a real horse did this."
"Happy Halloween from Australia [Fixed]"
"Sweet and Sour"
"Just building a bridge in Norway."
"Destination/How to Get There"
"Childhood Lies"
"Hair Flip Lulz"
"Don't know why I found this so funny."
"Radio Dis-Badger?"
"Yet another photo of Nicholas Cage."
"BOO!"
"Falcon iPad slap!!"
"Apple iSmack"
"I don't always have to piss.."
"Every damn time."
"I don't always wear glasses......."
"This happens on every single link ... every ... damn ... one"
"That doesn't look like a very fun game."
"Sock'Em Bop What?"
"Bumpin'"
"Bear"
"The bear necessities!"
"Drop it drop it low"
"The amount fucks I give after being downvoted in r/olympics"
"And the genie said"
"This has gone too far."
"Covered in memes!"
"This is gonna be fun on the bun"
"2x Problem"
"Can anyone explain this?"
"Hang on  I'll get it for you"
"Humans"
"Don't kiss me... [Celebrity edition]"
"nicholas cage as skrillex"
"fun for the whole family!"
"Come on  we all played it as a child!"
"Osama Potter"
"Osama Potter"
"That's pushing the line Robert"
"god on homophobia"
"Well I liked this face swap."
"Just grandpa and his new dog.."
"The best Freud quote"
"Banana under a microscope"
"His logic makes sense..."
"Baby chimp vs. wood"
"As a big fan of Queen I highly appreciate my friend sending this to me"
"Is this just Fantasea?"
"Is this the real life?"
"Why atheism is not taken seriously"
"While considering his vasectomy..."
"Slenderman"
"Googled &quot;'murica&quot;. Was not disappointed"
"Best sportswomanship"
"MY Sitting flip style (^..^)"
"Heres a gif"
"It all makes sense now"
"250 Movie GIFs to get you through the day"
"Cat in a banana costume"
"Whenever I accidentally stumble into 4chan"
"Every now and again I look at r/spacedicks to remind myself that im not that bad a person  but this time..."
"Evolution of Link's Swords throughout the series"
"Who needs arms?!!"
"We've all thought it."
"When you spend hours looking for a Pokemon to the point where you almost run from it accidentally from all the repetition."
"Reddit alien in RL"
"Meet Jenny"
"A dried sting ray carcass"
"It's Friday  5:00 and this is how I feel right about now."
"My reaction when curiosity got the best of me and I went to r/picsofniggers at work"
"Indochinese Tigress shaking herself dry (1600×1200)"
"For the folks in England"
"Found this guy in class today!"
"Genius"
"You are not the father - Turkish Edtion"
"An abandoned 19th century Italian mill."
"Abandon mill from 1866. I'd explore the shit out of this."
"Max Level Mountain Man"
"Man Gets De-Niggered; a revolutionary breakthrough in science"
"rebel frog don't give a fuck."
"Bidoof used Headbutt! It's not very effective..."
"When I find out about the Steam summer sales"
"No  that's not a drawing"
"Guitar Cat gets a perfect score on expert"
"What I was promised when I joined reddit."
"Over the past two months or so I've been saving my favorite hits from this section - Enjoy!"
"Since fall is here  and reddit is about to be overloaded with &quot;AWW look at all the beautiful fall colors&quot; posts this is how I feel as a colorblind person"
"The Joker and Robin"
"When a Teacher calls on me when I'm not paying attention"
"He's just.... different!"
"That'll hold it (pic)"
"Sure you can pet my elephant"
"Kitten vs sleep. Who will win?"
"He needs a bath"
"How I feel when I get in on a post before the rest of reddit"
"When my mom goes to work for the day."
"Sheep ring activated"
"Literally caught in a mosh"
"Sheeple"
"Creepiest pencil ever."
"Now I've seen a lot of terrifying face swaps before  but this one..."
"How Skrillex Makes Music"
"My friend Adam has a dog who has the creepiest shadow ever"
"What religious people think they're doing..."
"What religious people think they're doing..."
"Knock Knock"
"Knock Knock"
"This came up on my feed today..."
"How Gaben must be right now."
"I was told to google this..."
"Drop the bass."
"I'll just draw a cat with a narwhal baconing"
"I finally got this today  I felt accomplished."
"My son  now that he is starting to understand &quot;grown-up&quot; jokes on TV shows"
"A million gallons of fun!!!"
"If you can find something that this is an appropriate reaction to  feel free to use this gif."
"Oh yeah  that's the spot [Fixed]"
"Oh yeah  that's the spot [gif]"
"Time for this to be cycled back into the reposts."
"Transform!"
"What?!"
"That moment when you were going to post something that is now on the front page.."
"Christina Aguilera...I don't even...[GIF]"
"It's a trap  Mac."
"Where did all the Buffalo go?"
"Excellent point"
"Look at that huge rac.....wait a minute"
"Now we know what's at the begining of the rainbow"
"Red-bellied Short-necked Turtle!"
"Standoff"
"Anti Gravity"
"Nothing is more flattering to a woman than a custom portrait from MS paint"
"RAW POWER!"
"Now who pissed Thor off?"
"Earth  seen from Mars on Saturday"
"Animated Movie Poster for GhostBusters Inspired by Neon Signs"
"How about this for paradise"
"Vladimir Putin skills"
"putin making balloon animals"
"Happened about an hour ago."
"Would do indeed."
"Everyday I'm shufflin'"
"Every day I'm shufflin'!"
"Vamping Zebra"
"Every day he's shufflin'"
"Every fucking day"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Every month  my (ex-nun) grandmother sends me clippings like this"
"Confession"
"Longcat alien"
"Every time I check my upvotes about 10 minutes after posting something."
"Diamonds are forever"
"Back to the future Dwight?"
"The right way to answer a &quot;True&quot; or &quot;False&quot; question"
"Soon..."
"Brothers"
"I'll Do it"
"How I see debates these days"
"What time is it when you're out of ice cream?"
"In the Olympic spirit  here's my favorite track &amp; field gif."
"What I imagine QWOP high-jump might be like..."
"Chicken nuggets come in four shapes and four shapes only."
"I heard you like spiders (nsfw)"
"Patrick"
"Da club can't even handle me right now"
"Whenever I get an upvote"
"My gf got stuck with the closing shift and then BOOM  the karma police showed up. (Real Life - Fixed x/Post)"
"Fuck everything about this."
"Birth of a supervillian"
"3...2...1...Happy New Year..."
"Soon I will have my revenge..."
"Hello?"
"Seven hours in one picture"
"Seven hours in one image. Gorgeous. (x-post from pics)"
"The circle of life"
"The Circle of Life"
"'Murica"
"Now this carving is impressive!"
"The most interesting plant in the world"
"Every Time I Venture Into r/WTF."
"For my Cake-day  here's my favorite gif!"
"Stop just stop"
"When reddit has a good day."
"I don't know why  but this is my favorite picture on the internet"
"Portal Pumpkin"
"Portal Pumpkin"
"Mario Bro's - Chuck Norris Style!!"
"Petting a horse"
"Everything I know  I learned from XBOX Live"
"Fear is the real enemy"
"An angel flying over my city during thanksgiving!:)"
"If you played with this guy a lot  You were probably the younger sibling."
"Funky Town Mashup"
"Does this commercial remind anyone else of kung fu panda?"
"exploring the galaxy."
"Have you seen my glasses?"
"Oh  It's Just My Pool..."
"Awesome basement pool!"
"Doggie Paddle"
"Just gonna sit right...here"
"what the actual fuck! (gifs)"
"Overly Attached gf: well im not sleeping anymore"
"I won't sleep for days now."
"He's pretty sharp to"
"This is why I will always be a follower of Thor!"
"In Odin We Trust"
"Weird Chemical Reaction"
"You give me a kiss?"
"Terrorizing a dollhouse"
"FUCK MONDAYS"
"Better call IT"
"The Internet and Egypt"
"Here's the Dalai Lama tugging on Russell Brand's beard"
"Little Gem I Found"
"I'll have a bowl of soup... A very very large bowl of soup please"
"Dead Kennedys helping destroy the music industry"
"Dead Kennedys in god we trust [377x603]"
"What my friend does in his senior business class..."
"Murder  Sunny Side Up"
"No one says it quite like him."
"Teddy Roosevelt vs. Big Foot"
"I am a Polyathiest"
"polyatheists"
"Proper way for men to attend pilates workout."
"Wanna play?"
"Bambi Redux"
"Wtf!"
"I'm not sure what I expected when I Googled &quot;bacon thong&quot;"
"Looked up &quot;Average Redditor&quot; on google... seems about right."
"Reddit's Self Portrait"
"Searched God of Reddit  was not disappointed."
"Your argument is invalid  my hair is the internet"
"Was listening to deadmau5 when..."
"Dancing Queen"
"If you had a machine that could stop time."
"from Hitler to Super Wizard"
"When I meet someone taller than me"
"Want"
"When someone wakes me up during deep sleep.[FIXED]"
"How I felt when my iPhone decided to take a swim in the airplane shitter after I had already vomited in it."
"Repost detected."
"I'm not asking  so please don't tell me."
"You did  didn't you?"
"The bravest child alive..."
"Must go  my people need me."
"If you're crazy and you know it"
"When I Get Called On In Class..."
"ORIGAMI!"
"For my cake day: Ron Swanson on alcohol"
"Just two diving dogs"
"seth casteel's complete 'underwater dogs' album (repost[ish]  read inside)"
"Just when you thought you couldn't hate Chris Brown anymore... (He's in the middle)"
"Posting on the wrong subreddit"
"Baby gorilla"
"Baby gorilla after feeling the coldness of the stethoscope."
"Pokemon logic"
"This is the deepest-ever view of the universe. Released today  astronomers have assembled a new  improved portrait of mankind's deepest-ever view of the universe."
"How I felt when I heard Toonami was coming back at the end of May"
"[Fixed] How I felt the first time I got karma."
"What I expect every time I post anything on Reddit."
"Shake it Beyonce"
"fits too well"
"Paris 2084 (concept art)"
"Spin the ... baby bump?"
"Sloths &lt;3"
"I'm shopping for a car on Craigslist and whenever I see an ad in all caps this is who I assume is the seller."
"Don't text and drive kids"
"Welcome to the Space Jam"
"Sandwich?"
"not a happy camper"
"There's a time and place for that...[nsfw]"
"you know its finals week when..."
"oh my god"
"YouTube gets it."
"Cutest butt in the world"
"Trickster Usain Bolt"
"My Cake Day in a nutshell"
"Reddit... Words can't describe my.. Uh.. Not sure which emotion to feel."
"&quot;What do you normally do when I'm gone?&quot;"
"&gt;be 0"
"My favourite GIF ever."
"Don't Fuck with the South Korean Police."
"A few unique fish tanks and aquariums."
"Its so angry"
"Phenomenal Tornado"
"Hold On Shaniqua!"
"How I look when I check out girls [X-post from /r/funny]"
"It's magic!"
"Magic!"
"How I am when I see all the links are blue"
"Every time i walk in drunk and try to be silent"
"Browsing the porn subreddits (sfw)"
"*SPLITTING*: How does this road break so evenly?"
"Who knew?"
"My  uhm  Girlfriend made this."
"Just an Average Day on Hoth"
"Spotted a sure sign on my morning commute that summer is almost over."
"Ever wished you could fly?"
"What the actual fuck."
"What is this? I don't even..."
"Oh the irony"
"Wife spends one last night with her husband."
"I graduate from college in two weeks. This is how I picture these next two weeks going."
"Just took the most important exam of my life  needed a B. Only got 60%...but the average was 55. Curved to a B. Only one reaction."
"It's all a question of perspective"
"A bullet on impact"
"To the Roots! [NSFW]"
"Was having a argument with a friend and he sent me this to shut me up."
"ohh no they di'int!"
"The difference between Mitt and Barack. (Sorry if re-post)"
"How I felt when I realized I could remove subreddits from my subscriptions"
"Walmart Wi-Fi"
"I was looking for a good &quot;not even my final form&quot; picture and I came across this.."
"His Holiness."
"Thought you guys might like this from r/gifsound"
"Orbital Strike It"
"Just a corner of a room full of NOPE"
"Baby  can I have a beer?"
"Baby."
"Tree House."
"Tree House"
"Bootleg version of Breaking Bad"
"How I feel when I tag a song that I like with Shazam; only to know it's Adele"
"Let the sparks fly"
"Fire meet beat  beat meet fire."
"Works like a charm"
"Works the same way"
"I'm surprised he had the energy to get out of bed today."
"meanwhile at home depot..."
"I am chick  hear me roar!!!!"
"Man hit by train"
"Destroying your childhood  one picture and gif at a time."
"Men vs Women: Decorating  painting  home furnishing  clothing etc.."
"How I Feel as an Atheist in the Bible Belt"
"Being a conservative on r/politics."
"Humans acting like apes."
"About to graduate college  this is my life plan right now"
"Nice to see they agree on something..."
"They see me rollin'  they hatin'"
"He loves bikes"
"Ive gotta have this bike!!!"
"Paint War in Berlin [x-post r/woahdude]"
"Thought y'all might like this (xpost from r/pics)"
"Walking the dog."
"How To: Bathe Properly"
"That moment when you realize you've grown up to be Squidward."
"Rollin away"
"they see me rollin"
"One tired puppy"
"This is a maggot's face."
"When something from r/reactiongifs gets reposted on r/gifs and gets to the frontpage..."
"How I feel seeing posts about the 3 day weekend when I have class on Monday"
"Social Networking"
"A Perfectly Calibrated Recipe For Maximum Personal Achievement"
"Now that they mastered cracking nuts with stone tools...."
"Hilarious Tampax ad"
"Hilarious Tampax Ad"
"Sleep on my watch? Not today!"
"The Left/Right Brain [infographic]"
"How the brain works."
"Creativity explained."
"Which is it Obama?"
"If you ever needed a reason to get a cat..."
"Don't be heartless  give this man his freedom!"
"These guys need our help..."
"Call of Duty summed up in one GIF"
"PREPARE. TO FUCKING SALIVATE IN HAPPINESS."
"Go now  you're wasting time!"
"Who eats this stuff?"
"Taxidermy. Nailed it."
"Good going  America."
"'Merica [FB]"
"Literal toilet paper name."
"Now let's see your model face"
"The sad truth about dating [fixed]"
"When females complain about double standards...."
"Gat to oblivion"
"Wild Love"
"When I Catch A Nice Buzz and Say Something Dumb On Reddit"
"The sky suddenly lit up on me  unexpected meteor shower in the UK"
"This actually happened to me from a girl that I dated 4 years ago... She won't let go -_-"
"The tale of Fats Mcgee and his retard three (Long and nsfw)"
"Trip wire  successful"
"Different seasons  same temperature"
"Fuck the rules"
"When I can't describe the way I feel  there's always Dave Chappelle..."
"Dave Chappelle  speaking the truth"
"They're*"
"Creepy Cat watches you in the shower (X-Post from /r/pics)"
"Chick magnet? Chick magnet!"
"Charlie and the Skeet Factory"
"True story"
"Ice growing out of a rail"
"When a girl blows me off [fixed]"
"October 1st - 12:01am"
"Smashing"
"Googled &quot;smashing&quot; was not disappoint"
"This was on my fb feed  so fuckin tired of seeing this shit"
"Just Dance."
"The classiest photo I have ever seen."
"What I picture the average redditor looks like"
"This was the first image to appear when I Googled my username. What's yours?"
"Ultimate Fap Challenge!"
"OAG without make-up"
"He's gonna get 'em."
"Perpetual Motion Light bulb Machine"
"Newton's balls"
"Oh Winnie the Pooh your....wait.. what"
"The Hardest Thang"
"This makes no sense"
"Eyeballs."
"So...this is fake  right?"
"WE WANT IT NOW!!!"
"Panda Slide!"
"My new wallpaper: The Elements"
"Unbearable elements"
"Greenland or Mordor?"
"Stratus Clouds - Greenland"
"Oh hey Alzheimers"
"Terrifying Statistics"
"Me and my dog  12 years apart."
"You should see the look on your face!"
"Jesus's Ultimate Sacrifice."
"Colored pencils"
"Everything the light touches"
"Simba  listen to your father"
"Bill Belchick is mad hungry"
"Soon.... (NSFW)"
"Look at this beautiful duck that I found"
"Shia Lebouf and Megan Fox xpost from r/funny"
"Trying to decide on having sex with a really hot  but really racist girl."
"Forever Alone IRL"
"Is this Jesse from Breaking Bad?"
"Never thought /b would show any compassion. I was proven wrong today."
"What redditors expect on their &quot;cakedays&quot;"
"Huge Camel toe"
"My new watch movement cufflinks"
"Australians"
"He has come again! (as a jellyfish)"
"ER-MAH-GERD.."
"Pop'd kern"
"Hey! It's Google!"
"Parenting Fail?"
"Googled Abraham Lincoln. Wasn't disappointed."
"Gandalf is not pleased."
"SHARK-YUKEN!"
"Actually went outside today and found this."
"Premature Ejaculators Anonymous (SFW)"
"Colourful ants! Change colour after injesting different colour sugar water drops"
"when i finally check my hair but the date's almost over"
"DO NOT SWALLOW YOUR CHEWING-GUM or else  see what happens:"
"A mild reaction to 2 girls 1 cup."
"Interesting as well as WTF-worthy. Judge for yourselves I suppose."
"How I feel throwing my two cents into a conversation about religion.."
"Beach sand under an electron microscope"
"MFW Imgur is down for maintenance"
"General sentiment when my comments get downvoted."
"General sentiment when my comments get downvoted."
"This explains why hl2eps3 isnt out yet... nsfw"
"Ganon Style"
"Dear Internet  never change. Sincerely  me."
"I have now seen everything the Internet has to offer."
"It's..so....beautiful."
"Haters gonna hate."
"As foretold: XBL is bringing us into the future"
"Sister texted asking if my requested &quot;killer&quot; sandwich was in fact killer. this is was my reply."
"I love the outdoors"
"Mortal Kombat"
"How I feel coming into work after a weekend of excessive drinking..."
"Come at...Come at me bro!"
"Got Him!"
"Precision."
"Muppets around the world"
"How unfortunate..."
"Close call"
"Darwinism."
"Just one episode"
"My local liquidation store has never been a class act  but this a stretch even by their standards"
"just stared at this for a good 15 minutes"
"My dream room as a kid  hell still is."
"Every. Day."
"His lesser known maternal side."
"Just cruising down 142nd St... oh hai."
"Can't tell if Spider wants to tango or fight..."
"Scumbag mirror"
"Hello my baby!"
"Whenever I see myself on a security camera [FIXED]"
"Pure Joy"
"What I think of every time I see someone getting intense on an elliptical machine at the gym"
"When I got my first upvote."
"&quot;New item on the menu. Does it come in Black?&quot;"
"I guess the Weather Channel thought that hurricane names were too boring?"
"Weather Channel to name winter storms like hurricanes; allows summer interns to choose names. KHAAAAAAAN!!!"
"o.O.."
"In memory of the Crocodile Hunter  six years ago today  thanks for making my childhood great"
"I'd go to McDonald's a lot more if all the employees look like this"
"For anyone on the fence about getting dark souls  here's my opinion. (x-post r/darksouls)"
"=("
"Give me my bowl back"
"If you say you didn't want to be on this show..you're lying."
"How I felt after realizing I missed my cake day"
"I just missed my cakeday"
"You Can't Escape Them."
"Holy crap  Trinity Killer is part of Obama's national security team"
"As a Canadian  this is how I'm going to watch the 2012 US election."
"Found this gem on Google earlier today"
"I found this gem online."
"GO home Christmas tree you're DRUNK!"
"When I see someone has the same cakeday as me  but is more successful"
"Sad and Inspiring at the Same Time"
"When I forgot today is garbage day"
"Can anyone point me to the origin of this awesome GIF?"
"i wonder what went on the photographer's mind..."
"I always laugh when I see this one."
"DJ Gangsta Cat"
"Racist ants"
"F-16 Emergency ejection."
"Now that's a Mouthful."
"Think outside the box..."
"No matter how many times I look at this  I always laugh"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn"
"I leave it to you guys."
"all dogs go to heaven (x-post from atheism)"
"Made me laugh."
"I prefer it was actually his head!"
"That is a good point.."
"Why I avoid Imgur comment sections"
"Oh Consuela"
"Catchy tune bro"
"NOPE."
"Mugger fail"
"You got knocked the f**k out!"
"My response to the flame war against Motorcycles on r/askreddit"
"Which one of you magnificent bastards done this?"
"Whenever I apply for a job and check my resume."
"Hey guys. We've been proven wrong by water. Time to go home."
"A kitten and her sheep"
"Sin (x-post from r/comics)"
"My Girlfriend when she sleeps and I'm horny"
"Annoying"
"Why r/gaming should stop worrying about the Steam Summer Sale"
"&quot;Starry Night&quot; reflection [x/post gifs] [gif]"
"Perfect Timing"
"anti-drug information  Irish Style"
"stay above the influence"
"Makes sense"
"The Great Wall"
"NOPE. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE."
"The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse"
"What i looked like when I saw the Man Of Steel trailer."
"I just found out we have Monday off."
"Whenever the OP of a medium sized thread replies directly to my comment"
"Why?"
"[NSFW] I really want to laugh.. but I just can't."
"My friends' costumes as The Fresh Prince and Carlton"
"My friends' spot-on Carlton and Fresh Prince costumes"
"where do I belong"
"National Geographic photo of the day  October 29 2010 - Eyjafjallajökull Volcano  Iceland"
"That awkward moment when you realized you’ve spent your whole summer on the internet."
"I wish I had facial hair growing abilities just for Movember."
"MERICA!"
"Maggie does not like the dragons in Skyrim."
"Maggie does not like the dragons in Skyrim (x-post r/gaming)"
"impressive!"
"It's NEVER too late for this kind of present"
"This scene is a lot more awkward than I remember..."
"That one prop newspaper makes the rounds!"
"Why I insist on hanging my TP the &quot;wrong&quot; way."
"I feel you Drake  I feel you"
"When my dad wants to drug test me after avoiding him for months. . ."
"HE PROVOKED ME!"
"Black &amp; White"
"Ha haaaah!"
"A walrus receiving a fish cake for his birthday"
"Maybe if I hide  they'll forget it's my birthday"
"If you have a PS3  please  play Journey. Maybe the best game I've ever played."
"You can only pick one...I know which one I would choose"
"Rub mah belleh!"
"When the cashier next to me sees me shut the cash draw with a hip thrust"
"Cutest Halloween Costume Ever"
"Your Favorite Family's 'Royal' Return ..."
"Every time after i workout  then shower"
"Every time I come across a Riddler trophy in Arkham City."
"Every time at the eye doctors"
"Anyone else wish they could have seen these guys during Order 66?"
"Too soon?"
"Suddenly  this guy"
"Soon"
"When you haven't been laid in awhile  you start seeing it Everywhere!"
"Someone's ready for Halloween!"
"Thorgi"
"I immediately imagined this song playing..."
"Google'd &quot;Upvote&quot;. Was not disapointed"
"What You See vs. What Animals See"
"HEADBANGING!"
"My friend watches Jenna Marbles  so this is what i sent him"
"This guy is out of his mind. Literally"
"Found this while studying for my Art History final... ಠ_ಠ"
"Saw this in my facebook feed.... too far dude  too far!"
"Cool story  bro"
"Back that ass up"
"This sure brought spark back to their relationship"
"Found these pictures in the bowels of the internet. WTF IS THIS?!"
"X Factor"
"A happy dog in a swing. That is all."
"Bromance"
"Eat your bugs"
"KNEEL"
"Please follow these instructions carefully"
"Those eyes...must...hand...over...nutella...no..."
"Oohrah."
"Ariana Grande from Victorious"
"I watch it for the plot"
"I watch it for the plot"
"So true"
"How I felt getting head for the first time in over a year (SFW)"
"Alot of pumpkin?"
"I have no idea why I laughed so hard at this..."
"Just the right angle."
"So I was on the bus today..."
"I saw this last year  but I still laugh every time."
"I see your 4' earth worm and raise you a penis snake."
"The only thing you'll ever need for anything."
"No more sitting to pee ladies... [img]"
"If your gif is not a repost and the context is perfect."
"Photo our visible galaxy and northern lights. I would eat so many mushrooms if I was here."
"Every single time I try to navigate 4chan"
"Dominoes"
"The first time I found /r/spacedicks."
"So I went on r/spacedicks for the first time today..."
"Whenever I come home to my roommate and his girlfriend fighting in the living room."
"When I see the girl I like"
"Accidentally Stumbling into r/Atheism for the first time"
"As it happens  it was a gay bar."
"Oh  President Obama is doing a Reddit AMA today you say?"
"Pussy snorkel! (x-from /r/wtf"
"Pussy Snorkel!"
"What I have come to learn as a History major."
"So our friend's gf is a vegetarian..."
"This is how I felt joining the military at 18 and not being able to drink any alcohol..."
"if you're on reddit promoting religion..."
"Why do I always do this?"
"I've been watching this guys show for a while. There is no way I'm ever going in a tropical river."
"One of the most badass men I've seen"
"Don't want to say where I found this.."
"Breaking the 1948 American Motorcycle Land-Speed Record"
"How I envision congress right now"
"Still my favorite picture on the internet"
"Socially Awkward Tarzan"
"Crayon Art"
"This is America!"
"What the US uniforms should have been [fixed again]"
"Horse tries to rape Pig."
"Police Mishap"
"The phrase mounted policeman has never been so relevant"
"Me meeting nph I was so excited"
"I had to."
"Seems about right..."
"The internet is positive of... OH HELLS NO"
"He has guts."
"History of Art."
"At first I was like &quot;awwww pic with Grandma.&quot; but then... YIKES."
"Hide me!"
"Really?"
"Really?"
"I started a new job at a K-5 elementary school as a Tech Assistant. Found out today that I also have to supervise the children in the computer lab."
"After my comment gets more downvotes than I have karma"
"I Request A Dance Worthy of a Gentleman..."
"I woke up after a night of drinking..."
"Me not being a sports person  then getting on reddit and seeing lots of stuff about the bad NFL referee..."
"Carpet Ninja"
"If you lined up all my attempts to make the front page  they'd look like this"
"Trololol"
"The guy who was supposed to be my roommate switched dorms to be closer to a church. I feel like this guy."
"This guy"
"You didn't see anything"
"Whoa dude  don't sneak up on bee like that."
"The costume is so uncomfortable for this cat"
"Still my favorit pic!"
"Wait...that's not a Pokemon."
"Found this on facebook at a [6]"
"Everyone on reddit who is over 30"
"Bad timing"
"this gave me the giggles"
"Damn you coordination"
"I want to embroider this so badly!"
"Mama cat loves her kitten"
"I heard r/funny likes to party"
"As an intern  when people ask who my boss is..."
"When my ex-wife asks me who I'm trying to impress when I wear my blazer."
"What I feel like when I run..."
"This really how i look when i run"
"My face when I wander into r/spacedicks."
"I want cookies all of a sudden"
"Failure to Launch"
"How to grow your baby"
"How is this acceptable again?"
"My first try"
" "
"Hello  is it me you're looking for?"
"Now that nice weather is here"
"Brace Yourselves.."
"Everyone is going to want their karma"
"Cycling and Space"
"That moment when you accidentaly hurt your cat."
"Cart activated swag."
"Activate &quot;swag&quot;"
"Man can magically give people swag  must see."
"Another WTF statue from my city"
"When the [fixed] version of my post gets more karma than I did. [fixed]"
"Are you my mother?"
"Let's taco 'bout it"
"Guess it might be a little sour?"
"pew kaboom pow"
"So I was playing amnesia... This was the screenshot I took"
"Wasp Rage"
"Liked the movie better"
"Making an akumetsu wallpaper  need a good bloodsplatter background layer."
"I wish I was this cool about it being my cake day"
"That Fucking Smirk"
"He has some teeth problems... [pic]"
"Got something in your eye"
"Yep  that's exactly how I feel about televised &quot;wrestling&quot; too."
"When your Ex starts a new relationship before you"
"How I feel when I see people partying and I still have an exam left"
"Hearing a group of people in my class talking about how awesome 9gag is"
"A tragic tale of one bat trapped within an infinite loop of regret."
"ScarJo"
"well then..."
"Today is the day"
"When ever my wife asks me if I want to go with her to Victoria Secret."
"Vegan?"
"The difference between vegans and carnivores."
"you spin me right round"
"Oh so you know how reddit works?"
"no THIS is the worst tattoo I have seen in my life!"
"Searched Arnold Schwarzenegger  this wasn't what I was expecting to find."
"A nice fluffy owl. [x-post]"
"Funniest thing I have ever seen yet on imgur"
"Dragon style"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Dark Souls combat summed up in one gif."
"Nice moves bro.."
"Me in a pvp battle"
"I could watch this for hours &quot;DO A BARREL ROLL!!&quot;"
"Saw this surfer walking in the beach  I guess he is still adapting to parenthood"
"All aboard the Hitler karma train!"
"I laughed too hard at this"
"Ubisoft's Press Conference"
"Found in a Scottish cubicle"
"Stupid Hipsters.."
"Buttercup is not a Redditor"
"This world probably make a better story line."
"Gettin' really tired of your shit"
"Obama dancing on a pizza. You read that right."
"Mortal combat disco"
"yoga."
"Superheroes are not online"
"Hilarious pickup line"
"I'm afraid of roller-coasters."
"My reaction when I heard"
"At least my chemistry teacher has a sense its humor!"
"Fuck off"
"Fuck Off Jesus"
"Hula hoop"
"Owl HIGH as FUCK"
"Typo at it's best"
"Boris dancing to The Spice Girls"
"Boris Johnson dancing"
"Boris dancing to the Spice Girls (GIF)"
"I present to you ... the Mayor of London"
"Boris Johnson dancing to Spice Girls"
"Boris Bloody Johnson"
"Prime Minister and London Mayor bopping to the Spice Girls"
"Boris Johnson - Mayor of London"
"Bet Obama can't dance like this"
"Boris Johnson  mayor of London."
"Boris Johnson dancing during the Olympics closing ceremony"
"At least Boris Johnson had a good time."
"Best moment of the Olympic ceremony."
"Boris Johnson and David Cameron dancing st the Olympics."
"Yes  that is the Mayor of London."
"And this is the major of London"
"A wallaby pulling toilet paper"
"Found on fb  thought I'd share. Is there any truth to this statement?"
"So I was browsing through my /b/ folder and came across this gem"
"Training for the WTF Olympics"
"Lincoln never could get over it"
"Fuck Horseshoe crabs... Now Coconut Crabs... They are scary..."
"Honey! Its your turn to take out the trash!"
"The coconut crab."
"A hijacker’s passport survived the inferno"
"A hijacker’s passport survived the inferno"
"whenever my 2 year old son gets his toy tools to help me fix something."
"President Obama did an AMA..."
"Now THAT'S an ass."
"Onward noble steed."
"A high velocity fish-by-falcon abduction"
"Space shuttle Atlantis over the Bahamas"
"Saw this on L train on my way to work in Chicago this morning"
"Driver plows through Critical Mass riders"
"all shopping carts should have these[FIXED]"
"Why don't all stores have this?"
"mfw I woke up this morning. Wife likes to have the heater on while using a down duvet"
"Bunny"
"Why Luke  why?"
"a church tank sculpture done by Kris Kuksi (x-post from r/heavymind"
"When I look at the my midterms"
"GRYFFINDOR!!!!"
"Blimp cats"
"Screencap from a game last night. Didn't know where to post this  but it gave me a nightmare last night. (xpost from r/pics)"
"/r/creepshots has been removed due to doxxing of the main mod."
"SRS Moderators are allowed to do this to other Redditors."
"Tactical hot potato"
"What my girlfriend is like when I get home late at night"
"That must have been one big rooster"
"My favorite anti-theist  nails it again (Hitchslap inside)"
"What I want to do to my roommate's phone when he keeps hitting SNOOZE"
"Why is my sperm so powerful?"
"Last chance Jesus!"
"This actually works!!!"
"Do you still doubt your Darwinian origin?"
"C'mon man!"
"Bad parental motivational speeches. Any more?"
"Friend sent this to me  thought it was worth posting."
"Dem Shades"
"What a cute puppy."
"That awkward moment when your dog doesn't look like a dog"
"North Korea's latest rocket launch attempt. They seem pleased with the results."
"Obi Wan's 9-11 theory."
"The more you think about it..."
"A true fan [NSFW]"
"Ultimate Justin Bieber fan (Xpost from nsfw_funnny)(NSFW)"
"Cuteness galore"
"This case mod is actually a Nintendo 64-based Hackintosh"
"This case mod is actually a Nintendo 64-based Hackintosh [cross post from r/gaming]"
"Jut some art"
"As a straight guy who supports gay marriage this makes me happy."
"Christina Hendricks and Alison Brie"
"Now it's my turn."
"And stay down!"
"Really mustache you..."
"i saw a post about googling &quot;majestic creatures.&quot; this is what i find"
"Behold  FLIPPERBOOBIES!!!! (NSFW) (For the Roots campaign)"
"How I feel when browsing some of my friends FB pages"
"What...why?"
"Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today"
"Erry day ..."
"E.T. Phawwn Hawwm"
"My summer vacation so far."
"Reason to drink beer"
"Kill Me Please..."
"Oh stop it  you"
"taken 2"
"Call me maybe"
"You know when you're in Texas when.."
"Anyone else remember playing the hell out of this game?"
"Well done Sir..."
"Just be curious... Works every time"
"I will never drink a bottle of water the same..."
"Downvoting links on the front page does not work"
"I would hit that..."
"Wittle Kitty"
"Your cum tastes different  who else have you been FUCKING!?!"
"They will never find me here"
"I disappoint myself sometimes."
"I've never had a smart phone. My new iPhone 4s is in the mail"
"How I felt when her pregnancy test came out negative"
"Blocks like this would have fucked me up as a kid."
"Sunset in Africa"
"Facial illusion"
"My attempts at CLOP."
"Scumbag Avengers"
"Come at me bro!"
"i can play this game"
"Stoat"
"Is there any room for a mink in r/aww ??"
"It appears Firefox has encountered another problem.."
"Bath Salts: Illustrated [NSFW]"
"The Gif(t) of Bath Salts."
"Sick fuck"
"Animal Crossing"
"HAES Swimming Competition"
"an inspirational quote from a great actress"
"Inspire"
"I don't think there's anything more awesome than this"
"Chris Bosh Photobomb"
"Nobody fucks with the Jesus [GIF]"
"THEY'LL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE."
"So that's why I'm itchy every summer!"
"Sad Birthday Cat"
"That's how pandas made"
"How I feel when my girlfriend yells at me while she's on her period"
"me after wathing a horror movie"
"Magikarp Monroe [x-post from /r/AdviceAnimals"
"The truth every pokemon trainer has to face"
"When obama endorsed gay marriage  they were all like &quot;orange mocha frappuccinos!&quot;"
"Am I doing this right?"
"look at this photograph  every time I do it makes me laugh..."
"Another reason to take him less seriously"
"Forever alone pillow"
"Forever alone pillow"
"Actually I don't want to brush my teeth anymore."
"Friend is a vet assistant/caregiver"
"Look at those chunky cheeks!"
"This is always in the morning after a long night of drinking"
"lsd kitty"
"Can't....stop....watching.... [Fixed]"
"Skull Flower"
"Not bad."
"Who's gay?"
"Ferocious  predatory animals."
"I work for a CNC router manufacturer. We needed to test a plasma steel cutter  I cut this! (Skyrim in Steel)"
"Every Redditor today on Obama's IAmA"
"O2's excellent customer service innit"
"To put things into perspective..."
"Whenever someone else &quot;fixes&quot; my post and scores more upvotes than I did"
"Photo of a fans being delighted to meet their awesome Bieber!"
"Cell Phone Radiation Risk"
"There is a ghost inside all cellphones which only a microwave can bring out"
"Phones are... demonic."
"How cute."
"Wut."
"She had to expect this to end up on the internet."
"Because he's the hero Gotham deserves  but not the one it needs right now"
"Ten years old today!"
"Robert Meowney Jr. [x-post from r/wtf]"
"Bought a Louis Vuitton purse at auction  this was inside."
"This is the craziest haircut that I've ever seen."
"Fight!"
"Really? Well thats a surprise."
"Overly Attached Girlfriend Spooky Eyes"
"Well Hello There."
"why."
"How to survive the zombie apocalypse"
"Australian fishing"
"He does have a point though...(fixed)"
"Everything you needed to know you learned in kindergarten"
"Commenting on a post more than 5 hours old."
"Trying to comprehend the fact that I have 363 days until another cakeday opportunity."
"so   I'm never sleeping again"
"Oddly enough  I was still able to fap to this"
"This is udder-ly WTF worthy."
"wut. NSFW?"
"Up high?"
"This turned out surprisingly well!"
"R2D2 before and after Meth"
"Meth"
"not even once"
"Nazi &quot;nudge&quot; election ballot from 1938: &quot;Do you agree with the reunification of Austria with the German Reich...and do you vote for the party of our leader; Adolf Hitler? YES -- no&quot;"
"my 11 month old daughter went to see the kangaroos today."
"oh /b/..."
"All the job interviews lately..."
"He's so fuzzy!!"
"The Monkey Who Went Into the Cold"
"My play on words"
"On my mind.."
"Every time I see BF and CoD fanboys fighting..."
"*_* Whoa."
"Trippy 3D"
"The yin and yang of world hunger."
"They see us rolling"
"The Internet Justice League"
"How Reddit functions."
"Zombie apocalypse fortress..."
"An interesting place to live..."
"House."
"reddit likes narwhals  right?"
"Hey little girl  check this out!"
"you'll now think of this every time you brush your teeth"
"Bible vs gays  Found this and i thought i should share"
"Russell Howard nails it"
"Just a little snack."
"What it's like trying to get past the knights of new."
"How most of my posts go"
"It was a hell of a party after they took down the Death Star."
"The secret of The Force (X-post from Pics)"
"I laughed way too hard at this"
"Albino baby sea turtle"
"This makes me laugh every single time."
"This snake does it for a million dollars"
"Leopard Moth"
"abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
"It's safe to say that whoever came up with this illustration wasn't an engineer"
"Catching &quot;G&quot;s not &quot;Z&quot;s"
"Me when I'm old."
"An extremely content Tibetan Fox."
"Meow that's domestication"
"Adolescent Mars Curiosity Rover takes self-shot"
"Pet missing?"
"How it really went."
"Sounds about right (x-post from r/funny)"
"I think you meant OCD"
"Zeus  officially the largest dog ever recorded"
"Every Time I Try To Dance In The Club"
"If you remember this  you probably got pretty frustrated when you saw it."
"Terminal humans"
"NOT SURE IF GUSTA..."
"Marcus Aurelius on Religion"
"What did the buffalo say..."
"How I feel after my first post to Reddit"
"Well I lasted two weeks into NoFapSeptember..."
"How I felt when my first cake day post didn't get any upvotes."
"Don't drink and drive"
"Ghosts have myspace too."
"Still the funniest Onion headline I've ever read."
"My car was crushed when a tree blew over. (cross posted from mildlyinteresting  my daughter found a picture of my car in a book she was given about extreme weather)"
"This trend needs to catch on."
"Duck Training for Dummies: Chapter 1"
"Have you seen Mitt Romney's Aww Yeah Face?"
"I'm not quite sure what this is"
"Sometimes you have to scare people with a stiff fine."
"A badass tattoo..."
"Quick trip to the mall three days before Christmas..."
"Me the first time I went to /r/spacedicks"
"So I decided to try McDonalds for the first time in a while. This is my immediate reaction"
"I've seen how it's supposed to be done  so here's my attempt at Cake Day!"
"Damnit  ya got me."
"why  hello there!"
"Whenever I'm paid a compliment"
"The Bear and Bird"
"Free Hugs!"
"My favorite comic of all time."
"Stephen Hawking in 1965  looking pimp. [pic]"
"Filling your lampshade with toys"
"Whenever people love something I did  but I didn't get credit for it."
"Whenever I see an undeserving post on the front page"
"I guess they just aren't gangsta enough"
"&quot;I see no God up here...&quot;"
"Nutella  nuff said"
"We don't see enough turtles on here. Any love for a cute little baby ?"
"more aquatic cuteness!"
"NOM NOM NOM"
"Amazing Optical Illusion [GIF]"
"Trippy."
"Look at me. I'm a cube. Look away. Look back at me. I'm not a cube."
"Not what it seems."
"Trying to view the Obama AMA"
"Whenever I Browse /r/wtf..."
"/r/spacedicks in a nutshell"
"Awesome Dog"
"That's one hell of a good dog!"
"Not a cat  but the best dog ever"
"When someone asks to use my computer."
"Men vs. Women"
"Clinton kiss fail.."
"Something about this election year seems...familiar..."
"Anyone ever teach you it's not polite to stare  Motorcycle?"
"Staring is rude"
"Well  this is the only smile I get when I wake up..."
"You're a Genius  Patrick!"
"This is the underside of a cat."
"Weirder than seeing the underside of a stingray..."
"What is the expression on the face of the guy in the lower corner? Is that fear? Defensiveness? Amusement?"
"My new favorite twitter account"
"frogman challenge gif"
"Yeah that's.. sexy..."
"Fire emergency procedures"
"Technique is everything"
"Mountain Dew &amp; Dorito cupcakes"
"Because I've seen a couple milky way pics  here's my favorite"
"Amazing Night at Quiver Tree Forest  Namibia [pics]"
"Starry Night over Quiver Tree Forest [pics]"
"GDPs of US States vs. Countries."
"Holy hell yes."
"Life is beautiful"
"Meanwhile  in the IT department"
"I hat typos"
"Problem  Jack?"
"This is the look of a man who is not amused."
"Hitler cat is watching you."
"Is.. Is he still looking at me?"
"When I'm on the computer and someone walks in."
"Four Legged Warriors (x-Post from /r/pics)[600x859]"
"Mistakes into Miracles"
"Getting a few upvotes rather than downvotes on a new post"
"Albert Einstein not giving a single fuck what people thought of his shoes"
"Albert Einstein at the beach in 1945"
"Hannibal Lector Cosplay"
"Whenever I try insulting someone"
"go home boxer you're drunk"
"They say sometimes dogs and their owners look alike"
"Just a dog walking his dog."
"Look at all the colourful trucks I give...[Album]"
"Separated at birth? It's the eyes...and the fact they are both assholes."
"This is what I do when my coworkers laugh at me."
"Realizing my ex blocked me after an argument..."
"Everytime my boss wants me to do overtime ..... for free."
"HIFW i fail a test  then realize i was moved out of the class.................."
"With everyone talking about their straight As  this is all I feel."
"My reaction when people say &quot;you should go out more often!&quot;"
"When I pick up a shift at work."
"100% Safe!"
"So true!"
"Lazy Level"
"Lazy College Kid"
"I've got your back."
"&quot;It's October 3rd&quot;"
"Can't tell if less creepy  or more"
"The llama of the arctic"
"The sun that makes me shine"
"I jizzed"
"let us see your derp"
"A break in the clouds"
"Magical sunset light over the sunflower field"
"Real Life Merida"
"Your Crazy Girlfriend"
"'Up' is just a perspective"
"Just a baby owl"
"Herro!"
"How I feel arguing with my mom about anything."
"Told my girlfriend I love when the page is full of blue links. Woke up to this."
"Reddit  I was bored today so I made this.."
"An outtake from The Village M. Nyte Shamalamadingdong"
"Rock Paper Scissors"
"Cute monkey."
"monkey taking a bath"
"What year is it?"
"Ahh  the joyful innocence of children."
"I cant help but laugh at this.."
"How I felt when I got my cc company to refund all it's mischarges"
"Internet Fight!"
"Whenever I see an argument on the internet  I think of this."
"Tattoo fail."
"What am I doing with my life?"
"Ronaldo and the boner"
"Can you teach me how to face plant?"
"Every time i think i did good on a test.. Then i get it back and it's terrible."
"&quot;Which way did they go?&quot;"
"Thanks mate"
"EA  Game &quot;Journalism &quot; and the Cold Hard Cash"
"Hurricane Sandy - wasn't sure if /r/WTF worthy because of the sheer power of those doors"
"I know you has one"
"Someone erased this because OP didn't know he was dumb  here it is again..."
"Meanwhile at Google+"
"Just got a smart phone  ready to take and upload funny pictures at any moment."
"I failed...(x-post from /r/DayZ)"
"I FINALLY GOT SOMEONE! (this actually happened)"
"Ignorance."
"WOW A MEME ERMAGERD"
"My reaction to Clint's empty chair stunt at the RNC."
"I found this in the in the image section of my schools library. I like to make him slowly look around corners."
"How I imagine Mods react when they ban someone"
"Bubble?"
"Er  What?"
"Self-explanatory ...."
"I think this brings WTF back to its roots  ya?"
"Siri you are so counter productive"
"How I feel at the start of the school year."
"Who's the best smelling actor?"
"I want."
"&quot;What are you gonna do  stab me?&quot;"
"&quot;What are you gonna do  stab me?&quot;"
"Oh he just asked for it"
"Famous last words..."
"REAL HORSE PHYSICS"
"Never give up on your dreams and you'll go"
"My friend said i'm oblivious to female compliments on this level"
"Apply cold water to burn."
"The first PC game I remember playing"
"America's Criminals"
"Die Together [FIXED]"
"'Murrica"
"This artist is too flattering."
"My face when someone sends me an imgur link"
"How I feel after finishing my last essay for my last class of my senior year of college"
"Seems relevant again."
"Seems relevant again."
"Getting hit by a car like a boss"
"I've never so badly wanted to be the little spoon."
"Whenever I'm in an argument on the internet."
"Oh cool! Someone has a pet grasshopper in a bucke--- Ahh! Wtf?"
"NOPE"
"Saw this in /r/wtf (Dat IRL Corpser)"
"When I realized I wasn't out of weed"
"Leaving a lecture class and crop dusting everyone behind you"
"Tetris Skydiving"
"When you finally get that non-smoker friend high  and he loves it"
"straight g'd up."
"How I feel trying to relate to my younger cousins."
"The creators of Reddit. Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian"
"This may be a little late  but I'm thankful for the creators of Reddit  Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian."
"Walkin' on sunshine"
"My New Wallpaper"
"I guess Darth Vader didn't use one."
"Let me smell your skin"
"Stop Judas"
"Do I smell watermelon?"
"A post by the tech guy behind today's election lawsuit in Ohio -- which was #1 on r/politics and #2 on reddit.com this morning-- was deleted by the mods. The OP was actively posting updates in the thread on an ongoing  potentially crucial story. This is shameful."
"The greatest feeling."
"After all this years  it's never lost its magic"
"Okay  I'm ready to leave now."
"Toilet T100"
"Two Worlds."
"Magic"
"This is how I feel about the Olympics."
"PES 13 servers empty? This could be a reason"
"How I feel after a late night fap session"
"My friend is new to Reddit.."
"How I feel coming out of the shower after using a shampoo designed for horses and people [fixed]"
"Texting and driving  a message from AT&amp;T"
"Trust in Odin."
"vote Odin the all-father for president"
"There is no galaxyrise | Day &amp; Night"
"I don't have a clever title  but this is really cool."
"Bear - hair= nightmare"
"How I felt the first time failing as husband trying to bring up ALL the groceries."
"When I try to do it in one trip."
"Not sure exactly how he/she/it got on my computer..."
"Awesome but Crazy Inventions"
"Incredible THE DARK KNIGHT RISES Street Art From Madrid  Spain"
"Dark Knight Rises street art"
"Best Pillow Ever."
"Best pillow ever."
"Driving with a friend when suddenly a great song comes on"
"Freshly dumped  looking through old Skype chats"
"Deadly Dihydrogen Monoxide"
"The deadly facts about Water"
"Gotta love japan"
"Bicycle Kick"
"Hey! Love Me!"
"Kevin Malone's take on grammar."
"Best GoT quote ever"
"Just got my power back after Irene..."
"Coming back from a family vacation."
"How I felt after watching all of season 4 of Breaking Bad in a span of 3 days (Now I can finally watch season 5!!!)"
"What I imagine the r/gonewild moderator's desk looks like."
"I'm sorry Reddit  I tried my best"
"Quite a predicament I might say"
"What's that smell?"
"I laughed way to hard at this"
"James Bond playing Mario Kart"
"Man proposing to wil"
"StarTrek Proposal  Patrick Stewart very happy for couple [fixed]"
"Nintendo Battlestation"
"Top 10 gaming dens"
"How cute"
"Cat Win"
"I know that feel  bro."
"Louie CK at his best"
"Shoulder's closed"
"That'll show her.."
"The way it feels when you discover a new subreddit that you are interested in only to discover the last post is from 2007."
"Koala in shock."
"Got bored during physics and found this"
"I have never seen a sculpture even remotely resembling this one"
"Oww.. my brain.."
"Coffee spill=Art"
"Amazing clay artwork"
"Dis some blink....."
"Picture taken this past weekend by friend of my Mom's. In the mountains  just outside of Boulder  CO."
"If you're reading this  you've earned it!"
"Anyone else miss awesome Referee moments?"
"How I feel trying to make it to the front page"
"Had me laughing for a good 20 minutes"
"I believe"
"Sums up how I feel every time I post something"
"how I feel when I submit a link on reddit"
"F=GMm/r2  you met your match."
"how seeing all of these college posts makes me feel..."
"Whatever you want me to be"
"I will always love y-"
"Neither do I  Siri."
"Not really sure Siri understood my song request..."
"Siri knows"
"That sassy bitch."
"Oh  you!"
"The first thing I did when I got my new iPhone"
"Siri is mean"
"This is how I feel about those European roundabouts sometimes"
"Never Forget-I can't believe it's already been a year"
"cutest vampire i've ever seen"
"50 shades of Granger"
"Creepy."
"DINNER TIME!!!!"
"Sometimes  the depths of the internet will lead you to gems like these"
"Dinner Time!"
"Can somebody explain this gif to me?"
"DING DING DING DING DING"
"DING DING DING!"
"Christmas  the time of year when you might as well be giving your children daggers"
"Browsing 'New'"
"Do a barrel roll!"
"Frankie Muniz knows how to do it right"
"The mighty have fallen!"
"My daughter's geography test. She added her own answer."
"How I picture trolls waiting for a response to their mischief"
"How I felt after coming home from work and seeing the Obama AMA."
"So gay  it gave me aids."
"Helicoptero! [x-post r/tricking]"
"Baby bunny cleaning its ear."
"It's not about how many goats you trip over  it's about how many times you get back up."
"It's a shitty day today here in Boston  Reddit. But here's how I feel on my first cake day!"
"Every subreddit I read"
"It is RIDICULOUS what kind of air this thing is getting. [x-post from /r/gifs]"
"Why?"
"STOP! Badger Time."
"badgers in tiaras"
"Little Miss Grand Supreme!"
"Played Plague Inc. with a parasite named Religion"
"The Dark Trashcan Rises"
"Thoughtful Success Baby"
"so do i stop? or go?"
"Jacob Wants To Be Brutal."
"Brutal"
"I would personally be annoyed."
"OH MY GAWD *(^o^)*"
"That's right... Screw you Madagascar! [Plague Inc. now on Android]"
"Started out as a joke  but it actually makes sense."
"Give-A-Fuck-O-Meter (gif)"
"surfing imgur.com.....I guess thats enough internet for me today [NSFW]"
"I Like this Gif so much"
"Sometimes something is just too incredible for words."
"Acid trip robot Santa viking?"
"santa dont like the drugs"
"Well  that just happened."
"So inspirational."
"Winning Cat"
"House Porn"
"How i feel after missing my cakeday"
"Lighter being lit in slow motion close up (x-post)"
"Serious Relationship"
"Kind of puts things in perspective..."
"Well  that's one way to make someone shit their pants."
"British Gas"
"WoW...it just makes me think of a badass Kung Fu Panda spin off...but I kinda wish Po looked like that"
"The Revolution Will Not Be Re-Rendered"
"Beautiful blue crystal cave"
"He was somewhere on Europe when the drugs began to take hold..."
"Just Michelle Jenneke"
"When I come home to find out that I made the front page."
"Hmm...yes  this pleases me."
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts...(Fixed)"
"Every time I post to reddit"
"Posting something clever only to find it's a repost"
"Look who we went trick or treating with last night (walking dead)"
"A change in diet might be appropriate."
"HIFW I eat buffalo wings..."
"Another case of face eating."
"What do you taste like?"
"I've got your nose"
"She blew me away"
"Trick or Treat!"
"To infinity and behind!"
"Ohai... give me five"
"No hooking at anytime"
"This picture always makes me laugh"
"Well  then"
"How I felt when I went to r/toosoon today"
"Fully abandoned town in Italy"
"Creepy Abandoned town in Italy [1 200px × 780px]"
"Today  my girlfriend told me she likes Sarah Palin"
"My sister's ex-boyfriend asked me out for a drink."
"&quot;restarting in 14 min  37 sec&quot;"
"Her flesh is just oozing off of her"
"That stoma- wait no those ar- WAIT OMG THOSE FEET. NSFW"
"Suddenly  Samuel!"
"Vote for Nobody!"
"Vote for nobody"
"Found this gem at my local sushi bar..."
"Shit just got real."
"I'll just leave this here"
"This is me when someone tells me about how much sex they're getting."
"Upon seeing happy couple photos."
"How I feel when someone finds out my name is extremely close to Marco and they say &quot;Polo&quot;"
"When a barista at Starbucks screwed up my Chai Tea order twice and after fixing it said &quot;I Chai'd my best!&quot;"
"When I hear about your shines"
"When my boss wants me to work overtime ..... for free  if you're a disgruntled pacifist."
"get the fuck"
"OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG!"
"Looks like he had a long day."
"Smartest duckface ever"
"Only one of these is acceptable.."
"scumbag christian tipping waiters"
"Nerd Rage!"
"This came up on my news feed."
"This is at the top of my Christmas list..."
"Dance! Dance!"
"my faavorite gif"
"MFW someone said I couldn't watch 4 seasons of Breaking Bad in under a week."
"How I feel when some girl tries telling me 9gag is better than reddit"
"Here is what flying in a real spaceship looks like."
"Space shuttle cockpit"
"Religion."
"Speed Dating"
"Say something  Bitch!"
"Me Gusta Face's dog"
"Hot  ready  and METAL."
"Blah"
"Hello? no this is not dog... not yet"
"Symptoms."
"Thank you for reminding me of my shortcomings  Reddit..."
"Another way Stan Lee tells it how it is."
"How confused are the replacement NFL refs?"
"iPhone 20"
"11 years later to the day I still cry"
"Here is the Wikipedia article explaining Rat Kings. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_king_(folklore)"
"Why I am glad it is not the 1930's Halloween."
"4chan's admins aren't too keen on Reddit."
"Attack . . attack . .ATTACK . .. ow  oh  wait . . .ow."
"Gettin Jiggy Wit it"
"Found this batcat picture on my facebook feed and thought it was so cute (no idea if re-post)."
"Halo 4 Leaked?"
"Must repost.... Gotham's Rockening (not for karma)"
"Trip so hard  walls be movin'"
"Finding out there is such thing as r/spaceclop"
"Apple Maps"
"F/A-18"
"Sniffy the bear"
"Did you steal that watermelon?"
"What I have to do before I die."
"You're welcome."
"Like a box"
"Spin The Box Right Round"
"finals are over"
"There it goes..."
"Stop! That tickles"
"Tickling an otter"
"oh you chinese people..."
"this is how I try to turn on girls....maybe that's why I'm forever alone....."
"Black Hole"
"...Words cannot describe what i'm feeling right now..."
"Here I have found new gaymers name + logo."
"Jesus hath cometh"
"Vatican is still shivering"
"A message to the soda machine re-stocker:"
"Always puts a smile on my face"
"Reddit is that magical place"
"Nike: Just Jew It"
"Now that takes some balls!"
"Aryans and Semites can Still Find Peace Amongst All This Tension..."
"Terry Crews steals the show"
"My God  it's full of stars."
"Monday mornings..."
"Typed: popeye in reallife  got this.."
"What I feel like doing every time someone talks about Jersey Shore."
"watching season 1 &quot;thats mesed up&quot;... ever since the italy season &quot;why doesnt this happen every episode!!&quot;"
"Every time this .gif loops  my day gets twice as good."
"One of the most satisfying moments in history"
"Snooki PUNCH!"
"GF tells me to get off Reddit and goto Tumblr"
"Like if you love Jesus"
"Mesmerizing."
"Trippy Kitty"
"This is how I feel trying to make the front page of Reddit."
"OH Hello! How are you? Welcome to my Aquarium!"
"Where do you sit in corporate america?"
"Good Point"
"Brothers."
"I found this rather amusing."
"Randy Savage Elbow dropping a hamster"
"Shit"
"The Stroke"
"How everyone feels with the NFL"
"It's been 6 years since Steve Irwin died..He was awesome."
"The Joker says a joke again."
"When you know the exact range of an enemy unit"
"How it feels being single and all the women you like are taken."
"Ladies for Obama"
"Great Paul Provenza quote"
"How I imagine players on the enemy team look when they start the &quot;noob talk&quot;."
"About Right..."
"Nuclear Tits"
"I guess he couldn't stand not being in jail anymore."
"Biggie Smalls"
"If Keanu evolved from monkeys..."
"Merica!"
"1st degree or..."
"how i feel when im at subway waiting to get my sub"
"I heard Reddit likes cats"
"A gift from the Gods..."
"Peanut allergy bitches!"
"Bad Willy! No!"
"Thumper &amp; bambi"
"He mad  son"
"Cutting veggies? There's an app for that!"
"Ozzy having fun at the wax museum"
"My favorite image on the internet"
"Heart = MELTED"
"Worth a shot!"
"Babies deez days just give no respect"
"So we meet again!!!"
"Checking the time"
"SO TRUE"
"Why a capacitor blocks DC?"
"I think I can learn a thing or two from this man.(x post /r/facepalm)"
"(For Smart People) SinB/TanB ="
"What my students look like when I step in the hall to deal with something"
"Happy Day"
"so i was browsing the comics of Shadbase.com...and well...truth is i lold but WTF"
"Governments New Logo"
"The ONLY reason I want a PS3."
"scrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrREEEEEEEEE"
"So majestic"
"This game would go perfectly on the Wii-U!!"
"I must go  my planet needs me..."
"Cat is not amused"
"How I feel with all these people outside the USA making generalizations that all of us are not for stricter gun control."
"OH GEE IM TOTALLY GOING SO FAST AND.... AWW FUCK"
"Get well soon!"
"omnomnom..."
"Disney envy."
"Its my cake day and I have nothing... ALL HAIL THE HYPNOTOAD."
"I suddenly have the urge to take up surfing."
"Lost dawg"
"Lost Dawg  answers to Swaggy Bear"
"Damn."
"You are flawless."
"Listen to me!"
"I'm so glad!!"
"Unsure if too good to be true  or too true to be good"
"I see: &quot;I'M GOING TO BE RICH&quot;. You see: &quot;GET A JOB&quot;"
"We Has Progress With These Medicines!"
"400 Years of Medicine"
"&quot;Does He Look Like A Bitch&quot;?"
"Pure comfort"
"Spongebob's finally getting what he needs"
"Lost his home  but found his dog."
"Should have gotten a motorcycle."
"Where my fear of spiders originated..."
"Al-Qaeda level troll NSFW"
"Today is my Cake day. I told myself over one year ago I would never join Reddit because it was lame. I can proudly say: I so was wrong."
"Pugelicious"
"A Walrus Doing Sit-Ups....."
"Walrus Balboa"
"Just a walrus doing sit-ups"
"Hoo-ah! It's. frickin' HOT out...side."
"I know planking is getting old  but this is a pretty good one."
"my view on you people.."
"&quot;/r/christianity needed more humor&quot;"
"He Wants to Take Her Down x- post from r/GIFsound"
"Christmas with family. NSFW"
"Every day"
"A couch that all Redditors must have!"
"The guys from ImGoingToHellForThis told me this belongs here [repost from r/ImGoingToHellForThis ]"
"If you do this  fuck you."
"Scumbag America"
"Scumbag Gamer"
"These people annoy me to no end"
"So simple and effective"
"who opened the oblivion gate"
"Return from bathroom..."
"If I'm ever in New York..."
"Go through an automatic door..."
"This happened to a buddy of mine"
"I didn't get a great sleep last night."
"How Reddit browses r/funny/new"
"well shit"
"Everytime I'm gaming and someone is talking to me"
"Yo dawg  I heard you like hearing..."
"Baby Slot hugging his giraffe friend!"
"Good ol' thumb head."
"This came with the beta of an app I'm testing. P.S. Ninjas are dumb."
"The Devil &amp; God must be having one epic duel"
"When you see it."
"The Differences"
"What is this sorcery?"
"This is how the ice cream flavors are labeled in Colombia"
"Racism of all flavors"
"With Halloween coming  cats voice their opinion."
"Ah hell no!"
"Douchebag Chimpanzee"
"Olympic Divers."
"First screen shots of the new Daredevil video game"
"Photograph of Jupiter and Earth along with moons; taken from position of Mars"
"Popped up on my newsfeed."
"This is probably a riposte but I just wanted to share."
"Married Sex [Fixed]"
"Star Wars Figurines: Mint in Box"
"Just noticed it's my cake day with five hours left in the day."
"How I feel after just now watching The Avengers"
"white people"
"Welcome to Australia - [FIXED]"
"Every iPhone should come with this app..."
"Mom  Do I Have Anything In My Teeth?"
"How I feel on the first day of my fifth year in college"
"So a friend and I were flying across the Atlantic last night and this is what we saw outside."
"Nightmare at 20 000 Feet - BTW. This is Billy Shatner"
"What did you say  professor?"
"My reaction when I finally figured out how to do my psychometrics homework (after 3 hours) (X-post from r/funny)"
"Stumbled upon these tattooed pigs does anyone have some background on this?"
"Tattoo training center."
"What I Imagine Creationists Believe"
"This translation doesn't seem right..."
"Trashcan."
"My dad was at an air show and managed to snap this photo of two planes exactly as they passed by each other. Perfect timing."
"My dad snapped this shot at an airshow. (x-post from /r/pics)"
"I can't tell if this is a porn in production  or a cheap horror movie."
"Back to WTF's roots."
"When I'm reading instructions for a DIY project"
"Old MacDonald had a farm..."
"After a long day submitting below par memes on reddit"
"Being a group project leader in college"
"Contrast of Society"
"...starring Whiskers the Cat as TheKnightsof/new [xpost from r/pics]"
"wannabe"
"My favorite kind of bromance"
"The saddest gif"
"i found this on facebook and i laughed so hard i peed a little"
"Bird Food"
"Bane's Tan Lines"
"How I imagine British people living in the US feel about the 4th of July"
"&quot;Just try to look casual.&quot;"
"Because sometimes  I like living on the edge"
"Social Media Explained."
"Social Networking"
"The Seamonster [5184x3456][OC]"
"My Little dog enjoying the Sea {OC}"
"SNAP!"
"You're fucking with the wrong turtle man"
"His name is Bubblicious."
"Who does not believe in karma?"
"It’s no coincidence that this was one of the first businesses to reopen in NJ"
"Are you from Paris?"
"My friend's face when I threw his Bible in the trashcan after converting him after a 2 hour struggle"
"Waterfall coming out of a bottle"
"What happens in congress."
"This childhood cartoon never seems to get enough love"
"When political commercials from different parties come on back to back..."
"Riding the elevator with Dad..."
"I never believed all the talk about how everything in Australia tries to kill you until my local news showed this picture early this morning."
"Bender always makes me laugh."
"Highschool in a nutshell  or should I say  pineapple."
"Deal with it"
"How I imagine theists actually interpret their holy scriptures."
"Troll Level?"
"Dad taught him well!"
"May be a repost. Bill Fucking Murray."
"BFM"
"They said i could be anything.."
"The most annoying person in Skyrim."
"cominggg master!"
"Definitely going to hell for laughing at this...worth it"
"I find this comforting"
"It really doesn't go with everything..."
"Super Chill"
"Well so fucking what?"
"Disprove Jesus"
"Redditor kidnaps child and dresses her up in a bumblebee costume for 21 years for that sweet karmic nectar"
"Superheroes explained by a math nerd"
"Superhero Math."
"How to become a super hero"
"Just Skrillex  Droppin the Bass"
"Remember this?!"
"Need a reminder!"
"When everybody leaves the house"
"Oh you beverage  you so delicious."
"Digger Dino is going to explore"
"Call 1-800-DOCTORB. The &quot;B&quot; is for Bargain!"
"Hebron"
"Israel vs. Palestine"
"Ages 5 and up huh?"
"Can you draw this ship?"
"When a Chinese car hits a German bike."
"Doesn't matter where you come from  who you are or how you were brought up. We all bleed the same. [From FB]"
"Couldn't think of a title..."
"Come a little closer..."
"Atheists"
"My answer whem my american exchange student asks me what we shall do on weekend."
"He does make a sexy lady"
"Da Fuq?"
"I'll just leave this here for your enjoyment..."
"Dual realities"
"it is quite comfy."
"Trip-hopped."
"i went clubbing for the first time last night... this gif is basically a synopsis of that."
"They're So White!"
"White People"
"I cantaloupe"
"Found this gem in the top of all time of r/funny"
"How Can We Win?"
"This ones for you Dot - Baby Kangaroo"
"iWater"
"Now for only $79.99"
"Discodisk Party Sex"
"These two work it"
"A novel approach to walking the dog."
"Best. Screensaver. Ever."
"Canadian Football Halftime"
"Fuck everyone..."
"Whenever my roommates convince me to join their fantasy football league."
"Who calibrated this shit?!"
"I present to thee  the most useful .gif on the internet."
"No Jimmies Rustled"
"Tattoo + boobs = WTF"
"The real bear chair!"
"If you do this on your site  FUCK YOU"
"I googled Reddit Lover and this came up."
"This was fated to happen. I'm just the cosmos' instrument."
"Makes me want to watch Blue's Clues again."
"Now thats dedication"
"If I fits  I sits."
"It would suck to get trapped in a fishbowl"
"It's my Reddit birthday! To celebrate  here's a picture that makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Fuck you flowers"
"Hey pal "
"SO am i."
"O_O"
"Just about to lift off"
"That'll do  pig. That'll do."
"That'll do  Pig. That'll do"
"That'll do  Pig. That'll do"
"Hammock boat"
"Guys  this exists..."
"Ball: 1; Human worthiness: 0"
"[FB] Shit got way out of hand."
"9:03 AM"
"This made me laugh way harder than it should have"
"Only in New York."
"This is how women in NYC get a head start for dinner....I just love this city....!!!"
"I'm not fat"
"Josh will avenge her"
"Cannot unsee.."
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Made my day"
"I&quot;ll just leave this here...."
"i had this for a while now"
"Red tide of the Faroe Islands."
"Sleepy kitty"
"But...my childhood..."
"This is thriller! Thriller song."
"When someone swerves into my lane in their Mercedes when I'm commuting in my $1 200 truck"
"Google Glasses"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"If reddit had a restaurant"
"Atheist Knowledge Slam"
"The Credible Hulk"
"You wouldn't like me when I'm angry!"
"Just a cat kissing a dolphin"
"How i feel when browsing the 'New' submissions on reddit [fixed]..."
"The London Look"
"Can't tell if television has gotten better or worse."
"Me trying to hook up with a girl..."
"With midterms in full swing  I'm being reminded of this every time I take a college exam."
"Do you believe me?"
"I didn't know kittens came this cute!"
"Good Halloween costume for this year?"
"cute kitten (not mine)"
"Chocolate? Chocoshchsmmm"
"Imagine walking down the stairs at night and someone left a drawer open!"
"Parents never understand..."
"Proportionate use of force."
"bambi meets godzilla"
"Peyton Manning hanging out on the Tennessee campus in 1997. Check out those boots."
"Asda Employee: 'What you want on da cake?' Customer: 'Best Wishes Suzanne' and underneath that 'We will miss you'. Not quite."
"Internet arguments.."
"How I feel realizing I missed my cake day"
"trying to win an argument on youtube with logic"
"/r/buddism  /r/cats  or /r/funny. You decide!"
"Good Guys Weasley Twins"
"They could have stopped Voldemort's return entirely."
"Slothzilla"
"We must all learn to respect Christianity..."
"Just a baby elephant sitting under a waterfall while shooting water from his trunk"
"Every time I see a Lexus commercial"
"Anatomy of a gummy bear"
"A Squadron of US Navy Douglas SBD Dive Bombers over the Pacific [1280x1023]"
"Is this gif perfectly looped?"
"When it's time to get shit done..."
"definition of giving zero fucks"
"So...Big Tex just burst into flames."
"State Fair Update: Big Tex is on fire!!!"
"When I get home after a long day."
"Hoth in your freezer"
"My mom came to yell at me  but broke down laughing"
"To all you redditors just about to go to bed..."
"My friend saw President Obama hanging around a Shell Gas Station in Jacksonville FL this morning. Needless to say I will no longer be giving them my business. - Imgur"
"How I feel when I'm on mobile and accidentally hit the hide button instead of the link."
"Laughing gif!"
"Anyone remember Gizmos and Gadgets? Loved it when I was a kid!"
"Hello there ladies"
"Soon."
"shopping assistant!"
"so my friends cat got into her shopping bag..."
"I see your cat who has been working out  and raise you my buff  model cat."
"Snow tunnel near the Mutnovsky volcano in Russia"
"So I was playing Giant Jenga with my family...[FIXED]"
"Trying to get out of class at the end of the day"
"r/atheism: &quot;We should make a new subreddit called r/DrawMohammed!&quot;"
"Black  Yellow  Brown  or Normal?"
"wait..."
"Equal treatment for all."
"Hartford police hard at work"
"What I imagine moderators do.."
"Watermelon Tiger"
"No words"
"Bombay kitten."
"Me and some of my female redditor friends out for a stroll!"
"Now kiss"
"Awesome beach sunset"
"Kaboom."
"So this is how it goes..."
"Eyy boy! You in the wrong neighborhood"
"I can't imagine why anyone would think this is a good look."
"Emma Stone Bodysuit (B&amp;W)"
"Almost Made It...."
"It seemed like such a good idea at the time"
"AMERICA FUCK YEAH!"
"The Beginning is Near (link in comments)"
"The Nyan Hangover"
"it was all a dream... (x-post from r/lolcats)"
"Who need's an iPhone?"
"Whenever I submit my link to another subreddit in hopes of recouping some lost karma."
"No idea why he's freaking out..."
"What A Wookie..."
"Everybody seems to be talking about nostalgia. Anybody remember this little game?"
"spoooooon"
"I think he's taking the hobby a little TOO far... (X/post from WTF)"
"It does work"
"Shoo!"
"Damnit a physics pop quiz on friday... Wait WTF?"
"Rebecca Black  coming soon to a Physics class near you."
"You think humans are the only who know this gesture"
"A friend posted this on facebook. Anyone knows where this statue is?"
"Om nom nom nom nom."
"Disposing of the evidence"
"Tampering with evidence."
"Manpig."
"My friend showed up at work wearing this today."
"Subterranean river in cave with sunlight coming through hole in roof"
"Smiling house"
"Garden Party"
"Garden Party"
"Just going to leave this here. Have fun..."
"WTF  or Art School?"
"Don't make that face  it'll get stuck like that."
"Mitt Romney decides to reach out to gay voters..."
"wharrgarbl: airblower edition"
"My Neighbor Jake"
"As someone who goes to a highschool filled with whores  I feel this way everyday."
"How I feel handing in my 2 weeks at mcdonald's after 3 years of working there"
"Badass Aussie cowboys."
"He should take some acting classes."
"London - 1949"
"Happy Birthday to You! -Tony"
"Tis be my first cake day today  I present a gif that made me lol so damn hard."
"Apocalypse Now"
"HIFW I realize I have 25 pages worth of term papers to write for tomorrow morning."
"I've seen things man"
"When I realize I've been studying for the wrong final."
"No muffins could save Lucky from her past"
"Looking back on my two years on reddit"
"I'd definitely give that kid a dollar."
"My reaction when discovering the little cake next to my comments today."
"Every single time I go on r/Gore"
"When I found out Rob DenBleyker and I were born on the same day"
"Jesus Is Back... It's Payback Time"
"from my fb feed this morning... The Catpocalypse has begun"
"Eric the rescue pig has a new best friend."
"I told you I'd find you."
"Take a walk"
"Take a walk with me."
"I don't care how much this hurts  I want it to happen to me (SFW)"
"The Gibraltar Airport"
"Kitten nightmares"
"This is the cutest cuddle you have ever seen in your life..."
"Batman in his later years.."
"This is now eternally burned into my brain (NSFW Nudity)"
"My new cats first bath. She is not pleased."
"Going to the wrong classroom for your final exam"
"every time you look at your bank account"
"It would be a shame..."
"All you need in a round sink."
"Song of the People"
"Every Sunday..."
"&quot;Holland&quot; (D:) is defragging: 10 hours remaining..."
"Alien vs. Predator: The Beginning"
"&quot;When I was 5 years old  my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school  they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment  and I told them they didn't understand life.&quot; - John Lennon"
"Words to live by"
"For Science"
"The only change little Timmy wanted was his diaper."
"Go home boat  you are drunk"
"CAKE?!"
"The same color"
"I feel the same way"
"A cut down tree [pic]"
"ATTENTION"
"No time to shower in the morning? No problem"
"The World Reflected"
"Why do I get the feeling that this bottle of milk is judging me?"
"When a weak Pokemon levels up really fast because it holds the Exp. Share while I fight the Elite Four"
"Me  watching the progress of upvotes on my recent post."
"Bill Nye does the stroke"
"first post on reddit"
"Never knew the KKK could be so cute"
"Respect the crosswalk bitch"
"Chocolate guy"
"Screw this  I'm outta here!"
"When I get to a party and there is no alcohol..."
"Halloween costume anyone?"
"Karma Machine  return! Super effective."
"If this doesn't get karma I quit reddit"
"PokeKitten"
"Snuggle"
"Hey Reddit! Check out my ba-oh shit."
"After my 59yo boss mentioned he read the Obama ama (he's not a redditor)  I showed him a Spongebob meme about it  his response; &quot;ok... oh that's it?&quot;"
"What is Mr. T thinking?"
"Kid Logic"
"Suddenly  white people."
"Poot!"
"I See Your 8 Am Class  7 Am Work  4 Am Bakery and Raise you a 2:30 Am morning television Job..."
"Just an ordinary picnic."
"Now for the watermelon"
"The pier in Seattle. In October. I keep forgetting it's fall everywhere else. [x-post r/Seattle]"
"Delicious Rubik's Cube"
"Delicious Rubik's Cube"
"You don't fuck with the Japanese."
"I saw this on facebook... (facepalm)"
"The tongue-eating louse. A parasite that eats the tongue of fishes and replaces it."
"TIL the founding fathers embedded this little-known tool into our system to combat rising incompetence in Congress."
"How I Don't Feel After Eating Pizza Hut's Garlic Bread Pizza"
"Uhhh  I'll come back later... [NSFW probably]"
"Vladimir Zoidberg"
"Nuke"
"When I watch a reality show with my girlfriend."
"Watching a reality show with my girlfriend."
"How I feel Watching my friend ( A brand new redditor) reach the front page"
"How I feel confronting erratic drivers while riding with my mate"
"Michelle and the girls sneaking up on Obama after his speech last night."
"What do Carrie Bradshaw and Boba Fett have in common?"
"nope !"
"The only boy band worth listening to."
"fake cnn"
"I would love to sit on this chair"
"It's shit like this  tourists [pic]"
"I bet every one of them thinks they are funny..."
"Box Kitteh"
"4chan's take on Reddit and 9GAG"
"What you really are"
"The internet on Reddit"
"One day you'll thank us"
"Atheists in the real world - why nobody likes them (hint: because nothing is sacred to us!)"
"This is what hooked me to reddit. The reddit police"
"Awesome new movie poster for The Day After Tomorrow 2. Wait  what? Good luck  east coast!"
"Sweet fuck... I had a lecture hall of 300+ laughing to this."
"I tried to make chocolate covered banana pops. The result...well..."
"When a song I like is on the radio"
"BassNectard!"
"iMac monitor stand + random spoiler from junk yard = Speed Racer 1000"
"Mitt Romney and wife looking ... excited?"
"Skateboarding Police Officer (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Pure Nostalgia!"
"IN THE FACE!!!"
"Something about this reminds me of my ex..."
"Fuck the police"
"Bill Murray"
"IAmA a person who could win any battle. Anytime. Any place."
"My brother (Irish) and his Korean girlfriend were wondering what their child would look like... I sent them this."
"Shitting bricks hurts."
"Oh Anime... You never fail to make me go wtf"
"And a one...and a four..."
"how I feel as a Christian on Reddit"
"First I was like...."
"A little late  but WE HIT 20 000 subs!!!!1!1!! Wooooooo!"
"Samsung is doing it big"
"Definitely NSFW"
"A young Ian McKellan"
"I've Got Your Back Little Man"
"I'll protect you"
"Those ET's must think we look pretty silly"
"Forever alone  Milhouse edition."
"This is one of those cases where knowing the background story makes you go WTF even more."
"Special Announcement for All Engineering Students"
"Fedoras"
"Stephen Colbert explains hurricanes"
"I just had to share this"
"Umm...."
"How I feel about the Top 1 percent"
"I wish I was that damn cat...."
"Found you  ya bastard!"
"She should have her own stand. There's always money in that..."
"I'm in High School. I called my teacher 'mom'."
"Waking up the with a killer hangover after drinking all night."
"As a chef this is MRW my girlfriend says &quot;hurry home I've cooked something special....&quot;"
"Father  son  and elephant"
"Psychedelic rainbow over Mount Everest"
"BRB  just off to Dover"
"Found in my morning paper"
"Then they called me captain"
"Adagio.gif [x-post from /r/mylittleandysonic1]"
"My friend calls him &quot;Mr Ridiculously Photobombastic Guy&quot;"
"This is a repost  you shouldn't upvote it"
"The truth!"
"young love..."
"Bust this!"
"When I notice my karma went up by 10 overnight"
"Nailed it"
"Inception Box"
"A box within a box within a ... you get the idea."
"This is the first I have seen this and I thought I would share."
"walked in to my cousin watching tv like this...freaked me out for a second"
"Black liquorice"
"Don't make him angry."
"Haters gonna hate."
"Firepit"
"Well Shit..."
"Saw this at a local bookstore .. Thought you guys would appreciate."
"moving to the city makes this so much more prevalent."
"I must remember this..."
"Oh yes. Yes it's VERY wonderful. Now excuse me while I go eat a baby..."
"Same same ... but completely different."
"Showed up on FB. Are people who buy these caps really that oblivious?"
"Every time I use a pick up line..."
"This may be old  but it's still one of the best gifs ever."
"Look out Australia  Pedobear has arrived"
"Fuck you  American Apparel."
"Ron Swanson"
"Female Lockheed employee working on a P-38 Lightning  Burbank  California  1944 [1940 × 2981]"
"crossposted from r/funny"
"Cancer: The Game[FIXED]"
"Turtle Bomb."
"Don't try and say no"
"The only table to do your chemistry homework on."
"Periodic Table of the Elements"
"Redditors slow dance"
"Big mouth on this little guy"
"I found my favorite gif ever"
"Nom Nom Nom"
"How I feel wearing a new outfit"
"Bitch I'm fabulous"
"Me when I visit my friend in Canada"
"You'd think sports reporters weren't the kind of people that stare into your inner soul."
"CatBat."
"Just goin surfing"
"Being drunk on reddit."
"When a post makes me crack a smile"
"Classic Bateman."
"It's been one year on Reddit for me. Here are a bunch of upvote/downvote GIFs I've come across."
"Walking dead issues.."
"So I read somewhere that r/atheism doesn't help promote cats on reddit so I thought I would fix that"
"I could watch this .gif all day"
"HEY SEX CI BANE BAY!"
"That is his jam {[FIXED]}"
"I'm sure this is a repost  but made me laugh my ass off in light of recent events"
"The definition of aww!"
"Sweetness"
"Arrested Development was filiming at my hotel. We missed the cast  but they left this behind ..."
"He's going to his mother's child..."
"Start 'em young"
"i dont even know what to call this (x-post from r/funny)"
"post from r/funny. Just sharing a carrot."
"I think she likes horses a bit too much"
"The World when no one's looking"
"Optical illusion for the ears"
"It's almost like the gif has sound..."
"Hearing illusion"
"Whenever I see someone else not saying the Lord's Prayer in Church..."
"my face whenever someone mentions my state"
"Everytime I see someone in class who also writes in cursive."
"Climbing"
"I'm gonna rape you now Garry."
"I heard you like xhibit"
"Just the world saying fuck you"
"Dubstep chemistry style"
"See  now  that's just rude."
"I did ask for a public toilet..."
"Lich King  Witch King..."
"I think I prefer pancakes..."
"Female Magic."
"Wizard of Oz WTF edition"
"All you Redditors have been sending Simon Pegg a repost it seems."
"This is why America's education system is in the toilet."
"An awkward moment for Chad Johnson and Madden 13.."
"Not a clever girl"
"How I feel when downvoting new and rising links"
"Beating my little brother at video games"
"Don't worry  when we get out we'll shit all over the house for this."
"The Ab-hancer  only in America."
"I would LOVE this job."
"Jerry must love his job"
"Ertz term fur schuhmer!"
"Searching for Toronto Landmarks in Scott Pilgrim and found this...."
"Another day at the doctor."
"The Moses bridge"
"Charles Brown."
"And...SPIN! GO GO GO!"
"Subliminal Pigs"
"Saw this on Facebook"
"Nananananana... [PIC]"
"Attack!"
"Fuck the police"
"Dat Face"
"Someone Recently Posted claiming to be me with my picture and got 3000+ Karma  he lied and I did not currently get back from Afghan. But my dog is still a princess."
"The Journey."
"Barfing rainbows over here!"
"Tattoos not 2 get"
"They might as well have been gold coins."
"Like a sir."
"Loophole"
"More genies."
"Happy mother's day"
"I'm pretty sure this belongs here. (Crossposted from r/pics.)"
"Saw this on my Fb feed...A mother Hippo gives a reassuring nudge to her new swimmer."
"scar for life"
"Videogames and their advantages"
"Call 911 now!!"
"HOLY SHIT ITS A LION!!!!!!! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry play chess in Fry’s rooms at Cambridge  1980"
"My Nigel Thornberry collection."
"My new deodorant"
"I have no comment other than that this is pure joy"
":O"
"What it's like working for a crappy dot com"
"Thought maybe this belonged here"
"At least it wasn't guns."
"Truly WTF: GIF"
"So... im just gonna set this here... (gif)"
"Brand names are expensive... Seems legit."
"Push it to the limit..."
"I hate when cashiers make remarks..."
"Sad reality"
"To go along with the revival... Pterodactyl Porn"
"The Pterodactyl (x-post from r/nsfw)"
"Welcome to Jurassic Fuck"
"I know what I'm rubbing one out to later..."
"Just pre-ordered it."
"How DRM Really Works"
"My reaction to seeing jb having 17million views on youtube for throwing up. Yes i have lost faith in humanity."
"Potentially Tragic."
"Aerial view of tulip flower fields in Amsterdam"
"Proud mom."
"The Protector"
"My god.. I've been doing it wrong all my life."
".....I never knew"
"What. Did. You. Say. To. Me?"
"Hello Mr Bond. I have been expecting you."
"Into your soul."
"&quot;Lava Kiss&quot;: Amazing entry into National Geographic's Traveler Photo Contest 2012"
"Just a cool picture (xpost via r/PerfectTiming)"
"Every fucking time I dare to go to 4chan."
"Me lurking around in 4chan"
"Rainbow wave runner"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"Well  wasn't expecting that one"
"How I feel about my New Years resolution. =\"
"Or should it be &quot;Come at me  bro!&quot;"
"Thread lead me to google 'Salami Nipples'. Cannot un-see."
"Think of the children. (x-post)"
"Moar wtf"
"Billiard Champion!"
"AHA! We caught you!"
"pretty much the same thing if you look at the general scheme of it"
"Chill out dawg."
"It's been too hot in Tennessee.."
"Bitches love saxophones!"
"Only since you asked so nicely."
"I asked her to embroider me something for college..."
"Because fuck crust"
"What Canadians think of Americans(Fixed)"
"redditor's work week."
"Drunk chicks"
"The Redditor's Sweater."
"Yoooooo Gabba Gabba!"
"Liking yourself on facebook"
"I am no longer a lurker! This is how I celebrated!"
"How I feel when I get to the microwave before it beeps"
"When you repost this gif with a different title and receive karma"
"Its hot out there"
"my response to being told i can't go to my work colleagues Ramadan party because im not a muslim... they weren't happy"
"I'll get it later..."
"He might be waiting a long time.."
"For many of us this is the best father's day gift"
"you are NOT the father!"
"Nice tits  dude"
"Thanks to Sandy  this is Atlantic City  NJ right now."
"Little guy tired from a day at the office"
"Searched for &quot;Dog in a jumper&quot;  was not left dissapointed."
"You weren't using this  were you?"
"this is what i call treeporn"
"My cat really likes water."
"The true master of Pokemon training has been revealed"
"Astronauts and the ISS over South Island."
"It's the sunrise at the North Pole with the moon at its closest point  and it's awesome"
"His Kung Fu is Strong"
"Fluid kicks"
"Browsing /r/drunk when you're high."
"... damnit  Reddit"
"Why I hate posting on Reddit."
"Leopard stubs his toe"
"Introducing....Bicycle Sex"
"Foreplay"
"It's a shame he left us so early."
"This causes me literal pain"
"Just about to make some history."
"I feel like I am going to need one of these with NBC using tape delay to air olympic games"
"Kid's Heaven"
"The photographer used a fish-eye lens to make the enormous animal appear diminutive and create an impression of &quot;the top predator on top of the planet  with its ice world breaking up.&quot;"
"Gotta love typos on your highschools sign"
"As a Swede I am truly proud of this! [x/post from r/mapporn]"
"Ready for a close up?"
"Overly Attached Little Sister"
"What is this feeling?"
"STRIKE!"
"My Reaction When Someone In My Class Answers A Question I Know Nothing About"
"When I go to r/askscience."
"Ohhhhhhhh NoOoOooooooooooooooez"
"And lo  did the great wall give its gift of grub to the believer."
"The most interesting man in the world"
"Raphael IRL"
"He can really hit those high notes."
"Today I'm an owl."
"Dogs on acid"
"I found this pic when i typed in nyan cat into wallbase and ive never seen it before but thought it was pretty epic"
"Please  let me..."
"You'll never see him the same way again."
"The Phantom Tollbooth"
"Shake ya ass  watch Gotham."
"How I feel about dogs on reddit"
"Too much internet for today..."
"I feel like I'm taking crazy pills"
"Kid parallel parking."
"Insanely beautiful cat"
"The Game that ruins friendships"
"They'll never be accepted."
"Everybody loves shower"
"Must be like the tide at Omaha Beach"
"WHY THE ACTUAL . . . . . ."
"What in the actual fuck"
"So I was looking at old family photos when I found this."
"Any other baby otter fans out there?"
"Clever advertising"
"without a male with which to mate"
"clever horse."
"Eating a spoonful of cinnamon"
"The whole universe is conspiring against you"
"Arrogant Atheists..."
"Whose license plate is this?"
"Happy Birthday Mommy!"
"Some people really shouldn't have kids"
"Everytime I hear Hurricane Sandy on the news.. I can't help but think of this"
"It's my cake day  and this is how I feel growing 1 year older in reddit years!"
"I feel like most Redditers read this book as a child...."
"How I feel when I wave to a girl and she waves back..."
"Everyday."
"Every time I go out in public and see someone from school or work."
"Nom nom nom nom nom... COME AT ME BRO!"
"Doton; Doryuuheki [Sage of Sixpath Level]"
"How Atlanta gets engaged"
"Backin' up"
"NOPE! NOPE! NOPE!"
"53 hand-picked cat gifs. I hope you like them."
"Cheeky goalkeeper..."
"driver to the power of horse"
"What it's like to live in Arizona during this whole &quot;Hurricane Sandy&quot; business"
"Still my favorite picture on the Internet"
"Hey you  yea you...."
"Oh dayum"
"When one of my posts got deleted for not being a reaction"
"When my posts get five upvotes and just stop."
"The Double Standard"
"Boys only."
"If you live in Ohio  you can probably relate..."
"Ultimate Dog Derp"
"A belt buckle I made out of an old Ontario license plate."
"It's finally my turn!"
"First World Problems"
"I think the helmet was a necessary precaution."
"Geniuses at work"
"Ultimate WTF (NSFW)"
"Sausage fest"
"And that's why  boys and girls  you don't fuck with live grenades."
"The President is energized!"
"FACT: Obama loves Halo"
"Trek Pong [gif]"
"Monkey riding a goat walking on a tight rope"
"I see your bear riding a motorcycle on a rope and raise you with a goat on a tight rope with a money on its back"
"If FOX News had been there  throughout history..."
"How I feel about once every half hour in Quantum Mechanics..."
"When my friend tells me he just farted"
"Chameleon washing his hands (x-post from r/gifs)"
"How to wash your hands"
"Ah  wouldn't this be grand..."
"Greatest news background trolling ever"
"Fresh Panda"
"Get Down Tonight"
"The panda that dances to any music!"
"Mother of god..."
"MFW I reposted the same picture two years in a row to cash in on tons of karma."
"When I see an overweight person exercising"
"My friend's hedgehog gave birth"
"MFW my friend said Romney should do an AMA on reddit"
"How I feel everytime I see a post from someone bragging about his country winning a gold medal at the Olympics."
"Killing Me Softly"
"How I react when I realize all the popular kids from high school gained a lot of weight and I'm still the same size..."
"The window must be strawberry flavored!"
"This girl really enjoys her daily dose of vitamin A... (Possibly NSFW)"
"Chinese Foot Binding"
"SLUT"
"POW right in the kisser"
"Take that!!"
"Hot Twilight tattoo"
"first thing i thought of when i saw the driving .gif"
"Driving back from girlfriend's house"
"Happy Jedi"
"IRL Rage Cat"
"Walking past clubbers  while listening to Skrillex in a tweed jacket."
"When I'm accused of being a militant atheist."
"Bunnies trump all your cats..."
"I make milk"
"i googled the most awesome picture ever taken and this is what i got as a result"
"More tragic news in the music industry today"
"Ricky Gervais on being an athiest"
"Gervais on burden of proof."
"Come at me bro!"
"Jay-Z got it all wrong man. I got 99 problems and they all bitches."
"HERMAN CAIN 2012!"
"How He Spends His Free Time"
"Greatest Profile Photo Ever....."
"Not something I'd like to cross paths with...ever."
"Grand Canyon"
"How I felt when i was on a airplane for the first time."
"DO NOT WANT"
"Googled pancake nipples and this is what came up"
"Oppan Gangnam Style!"
"Oppan Gangnam Style!"
"Corgi and peanit butter."
"Looks like Peter Parker has a cat"
"How I felt leaving work today"
"eHarmony must be a woman"
"Koala (b)ear(s)"
"Koala (b)ear(s)"
"Wiggly Ears."
"Is Louis CK funny enough for Reddit?"
"Another reason why Louie C.K. is my favorite comedian!"
"I love Louie."
"In retrospect  my childhood sucked"
"I was taking photos in an old train yard when this happened."
"My reaction when I see a yellow light."
"When my dealer calls me to come pick up."
"Well that's just...fucking huge..."
"They killed this in my friends hometown back in Africa...."
"What &quot;There's plenty of fish in the sea&quot; really means"
"When I try to make new friends..."
"Dead snow?"
"Zombie Snowmen. (X-post from r/funny)"
"Wise words."
"Errmaahhgerrrrd."
"In response to &quot;I guess you'll find out if hell is real eventually  won't you?&quot;"
"One does not simply..."
"Can't help but adore Thor"
"Female Thor Cosplay"
"What a haircut ! Great art !"
"Lizard Haircut"
"I heard scratching at my front door. I opened it. MOTHER OF GOD."
"You order a pizza?"
"Aye  see men?"
"I must return to my people!"
"How I feel today."
"Just kidding  it's still Thursday"
"Just kidding!"
"just kidding  it's still Thursday."
"Sums up today very nicely."
"The McKayla Lisa"
"The McKayla Lisa"
"McKayla Lisa"
"How to make a man happy and unhappy at the same time..."
"Logging on and discovering that one of my posts has exploded"
"awwww poor guy... one day.."
"Mr. T-Mobile"
"My favorite gif of all time (why yes... This is a repost)"
"Flying a helicopter"
"I would marry the shit out of this woman"
"Dinner Time"
"He's hungry for..."
"Texting and Driving"
"Student Organization &quot;Morally reprehensible&quot; Shirt Design Refused via Email back in January (screenshots attached) Your opinion?"
"WTF is even happening here"
"&quot;Not funny guys&quot;"
"Baby fox"
"Trying out yoga for the first time"
"They grow up so fast"
"Scanning Electron Microscope image... &quot;Termors&quot; worm?"
"Stuff being magnified? How about a hydrothermal worm."
"Star Wars Angry Birds Teased"
"So I started the HCG diet and found out I have to survive on 500 cal. Currently  this is everyone at work &quot;supporting&quot; me"
"How it felt as a kid when your mom made you eat your veggies."
"Don't you know there are children starving to death in Africa?"
"Tallahassee's reaction to the Hostess news."
"So I heard Hostess is going bankrupt."
"First thing I thought of when I heard Hostess was going bankrupt."
"The man most affected by Hostess shutting down"
"Remember when this phone changed your life?"
"That moment when one of you posts hits over 30 upvotes..."
"Bad Day? Same Here..."
"What I want to do each time I see someone sagging too low"
"I am not a clever man"
"Om nom nom nom..."
"Om nom nom nom...(Cross post from r/funny)"
"♫ Just a kitten with it's will to surviiiiiive ♫"
"After missing one lecture at university"
"My friend's birthday is on 9-11."
"When NSFW turns into NSFL [Fixed]"
"Cakeday  so this is how I feel the majority of the time while browsing Reddit"
"The internet"
"I waxed for you babe"
"Cheating Like a Boss"
"how to pass notes like a boss"
"So  i came across this on Facebook"
"Panic at the disco."
"So close [x-post r/gifs]"
"6 days and counting"
"What just...."
"President Obama is Not Impressed"
"Just another reason Obama is one of the coolest presidents we've ever had."
"How I felt when Chrome crashed on me."
"When I downvote a link with 999 karma"
"The licking-badass strikes again!"
"Wine me dine me Title IX me!"
"ooh god!"
"The thing about smart people.."
"Dog hot tub"
"That moment when you get the whole subway car to yourself"
"Matt's Therapy"
"Dudley Do-right"
"Dudley Do-right"
"The tender side of an ignominious cruise ship failure"
"Redneck Randall's advice."
"My friend's grumpy cat"
"I love me some grumpy cat"
"My amazing photoshop skills bring you Grumpy Cats long lost twin brother  I present to you... Smirky Cat"
"After finally downloading the reddit app after getting a new phone"
"Society is sociological"
"Still makes me laugh everytime I see it"
"Why Hello There."
"The giant golden-crowned flying fox (Acerodon jubatus)"
"The world seen from Norway"
"The world seen by norwegians"
"As a teenager and smoking  how it felt when my friend and I would hear the garage opening up..."
"dat baby!!!!!!!"
"I dont know what to say"
"Aurora Borealis.. from the view of a sattelite"
"Aurora Borealis.. with the view from a sattelite"
"You have awoken the watermelon God."
"Why I prefer mowing with a riding lawn mower."
"Girl's Handpainted R2D2 Shorts - Rad Booty"
"Mr. Miyagi?!?"
"Nature's Toothbrush!"
"Wise man from Far East"
"I wish THESE guys would do Olympic commentary..."
"Cute bunny"
"In a world of only one choice the octopus loses..."
"Quick  Follow Meeee-OH GOD!"
"My attempts to make the front page"
"Congratulations on your new printer!"
"Timon and Pumba (sic) [bonus add-on] {not FIXED} |these aren't even brackets| $_REPOST=likely"
"Grwaaaawaar!"
"Pretty Awesome statues."
"Hey Leon  lemme have some of that!"
"Do a flip"
"Go home  Pandora. You're drunk."
"Beer pong just got a little more interesting"
"This one goes out to 37.6% of the girls on my Facebook."
"Photobomb Level; Shark"
"Slow-Mo cat climb"
"Graceful Leap [gif]"
"Six Million Dollar Kitty"
"That turtle."
"I do too."
"Why I go to birthday parties."
"I still fucking love cake!"
"Tatev monastery  Armenia."
"Brothers"
"this guy makes me want to watch wrestling"
"Too fabulous to fight"
"I want this on a T-shirt"
"What the hell?"
"Pretty Awesome Quote"
"Hovercat will smite thee!"
"good  better  the best."
"One of my best gaming experiences of all time( and the best on ds )"
"Our current pop stars in their &quot;later&quot; years."
"The Dark Starry Knight"
"Walkin the ol' pet rock"
"Yeah i'll have a larger pepperoni pizza!"
"Does that count?"
"America  fuck yeah! [fixed]"
"When I found out my ex-girlfriend was pregnant"
"Really  Facebook?"
"To whomever made this - You need an ass kicking."
"Just baking National Socialist Cookies"
"Problem solved...kind of"
"MegaByte"
"One MEGAbite"
"Hilarious  yet kind of creppy."
"So  I'm teaching my 7 yr old daughter photoshop..."
"The look in his eyes - he knows he's made a horrible mistake"
"Awwww (x-post from r/aww)"
"FAITH IN HUMANITY = RESTORED"
"Watering plants rage"
"Fat penguin"
"Guys  I'm going to /r/new  wish me luck!"
"I need to pi...NOPE"
"When my husband leaves a big shit in the toilet "
"I See Your Most Stressful Level and Raise You[Fixed]"
"Have at you!"
"How I feel as a 27-year-old when people post pictures of under-19 celebrities on r/ladyboners"
"Zach Braff on sport"
"I think Psychonauts is done downloading"
"Every day since summer started."
"How my days are when I have to write a paper"
"I didn't think it was possible for a spider to be cute  but here it is  a newborn spider."
"I would not feel &quot;safe&quot; flying there"
"This has to be my favorite CFB gif. The look on his face is priceless. Post some of your favorites too."
"Square and Stationary Earth - &quot;Bible Map of the World&quot;"
"The Flat Earth as Proved by the Bible"
"Your candidate vs Their candidate"
"I'm going to hell for laughing"
"High for life"
"High Kick Pow! (fixed)"
"Please Forgive Me &lt;3"
"Be right back. Gonna go see TDKR"
"That's just terrible."
"Too much Latisse if you ask me."
"My Favorite Venn Diagram"
"When You See It"
"When I come home and my two female roommates are doing the dishes in their underwear."
"What an interesting comparison."
"Colorado's lynx made the front page  here's a high-res picture of the Canadian lynx  they are quite impressive! Photo Credit: Keith Williams"
"A 1GB hard drive from 1981  weighing in at 34kg (75lbs) and a price tag of $81 000"
"Come back here  fingers!"
"Every Time I Post on Reddit"
"When I answer a question wrong in a large lecture..."
"Asteroids."
"Courtesy of Neil deGrasse Tyson: What the dinosaurs ignored."
"You were wrong"
"How to Play GTA (Kotaku)"
"HARDCORE CHRISTIAN!!"
"ALL UR DOING IS DESTROYING OUR LIVING ENVIRONMENTS!!!"
"Going on a road trip to meet up with my girlfriend  her best friend is riding with me: this is the itinerary I sent her."
"So this mormon I used to know thinks atheists will fail a lot of things because we don't pray."
"This is the reason i can't stand Christianity just appeared on my news feed can't believe i actually know people like this"
"Beware of crazy man in wheel chair!"
"Feminism"
"Zach Braff love GW!"
"This women"
"The latest in child apparel"
"Batman's Day off"
"Fuck off! I'm watching the game!!"
"As a police officer  how I feel after finishing a long shift. (First post  fingers crossed)"
"Batman's day off"
"Party like it's 1986!"
"The most terrifying thing of MY childhood [fixed]"
"dust pan ffffuuuuuuuuu"
"This is the dumbest fucking thing anyone has ever believed."
"Boop"
"This would be perfect for a quantum physics test."
"I survived 5 minutes on r/christianity  Then I was like..."
"My reaction upon reading a couple pages from Fifty Shades of Grey."
"what reddit does when they see cats [fixed]"
"a NOPE full of color"
"Classic WLIIA"
"It's so cute"
"I played a few songs at my friends graduation party last weekend. My guitar was so out of tune that I kept pausing and laughing awkwardly at least 4 times. I really hope this would've happened right then and there."
"Casuals vs Hardcore e3 edition"
"Oh YouTube comments"
"YouTube describing Dubstep"
"Cat Fight"
"Sneak lvl 99"
"How I feel 24 hours after shaving my ass"
"Lucy's view of four amazing musicians."
"Damnit People Wall*E Warned Us! You Just Didn't Listen!"
"All of the GTA 5 screenshots"
"This guy is always making me laugh."
"Looks like Anna Kendrick has recently been on r/gonewild (SFW)"
"Patience"
"Yeah  4chan stole from reddit... said no one ever."
"This made me so happy when I read it"
"2 in 1"
"Capitalism"
"This scene is now ruined for me."
"This just make me sad. Scrabble anyone?"
"Bacon Turtle Burger"
"Simple  yet powerfull - Brazzers"
"'Cock Ring"
"Fuck you! I'm a fucking snake!"
"And you say David Blaine is good."
"How to get Impotent!!!!!!"
"Tick Tick Boom"
"Oh shit.... Oh shit!"
"This St. Paddy's let us all take a moment of silence for our friend  the Fucked Leprechaun (in before Dirty thieves repost my OC...Again)"
"So close..."
"poor aquaman"
"Me  when the girl I liked told me she liked someone else AND would be moving away to a different state...but never said she didn't like me."
"When I heard that Taylor Swift is single again."
"Sunrise from Mount Fuji"
"Cats can be cruel creatures"
"Dildo cat"
"For when your regular cat just isn't enough."
"Our British Bulldog puppies"
"mmm...bacon"
"Bacon"
"He Always Was Cocky"
"Every time I see a cute pet post that isn't on /r/aww (.GIF)"
"Still my all-favourite picture."
"That's it  NO MORE ABORTION!"
"You mean to tell me..."
"Yeah"
"Taxidermy"
"Teefury  shut up and take my money!"
"Too Soon?"
"when you see it..."
"Cats have pretty stripes. Checkmate atheists."
"Trying to explain to my GF why I didn't pick up any of her 20 missed calls from last friday night"
"Will Smith doesn't ride cheap..."
"Just a Filarial Worm in an eye ball."
"OBABO"
"Pygmy Monkey!"
"Oh  this little guy!"
"I would keep him in a pocket all of the time..."
"Made myself in a gif"
"PoP"
"The facial expressions of when I'm taking a poop"
"Push me. I want to go higher!"
"So tired of seeing these on Facebook...this one isn't even using the meme correctly."
"This guy is not having a good day today..."
"Summertime"
"The top 20 downloading countries  and their most illegally shared artists"
"Some Things Never Change"
"&quot;I don't even know what a god damn duck looks like  but give me Karma anyway because baby elephant&quot; /facepalm"
"Cosmopolitan Magazine in blatant form"
"&quot;The Shame and Guilt Issue&quot;"
"Are you sure this is you?"
"As a bearded Muslim  this is how I feel every time I'm at the airport"
"Cat vs Slide"
"Urban Mountain"
"I think I just had an orgasm..."
"When comics get together  it doesn't get any funnier than this."
"Robin Williams  Billy Crystal  Steve Martin and Chevy Chase are serious old men."
"Go get 'em tiger (Xpost from r/gifs)"
"How I felt when I realized that the inside of eggs is actually menstrual fluid"
"After going to /r/spacedicks for the first time..."
"Best Mitt Romney GifSound yet!"
"Very well done Mercedes-Benz ad"
"Good Friends"
"A marine feeding a cat."
"I'll just leave this here..."
"I hate mondays  Banksey edition"
"The NOPE Haircut"
"When i saw that it was my cakeday and i got a ton of facebook posts saying happy birthday"
"Fuck everything about this level"
"When I try to be productive on the weekends"
"What I heard a customer say as her partner consoled her."
"I need that suit"
"4chan doing what they do best!"
"Goooood dooogg!"
"&quot;I not know I did bad&quot;"
"My thoughts after I chose HD-DVD over Blu-Ray"
"Hey reddit... Make your day better in one easy step: Pair this .gif with pretty much any song."
"He wants to thank you."
"Cut my life into pizza"
"This is me when I hear even the smallest noise when I'm home alone at night"
"Here is what our food stamp tax dollars are buying."
"oh what"
"So my friend bakes  and accidentally made a cookie that described my love life"
"Painting a Squirrel"
"It take some serious balls to walk around like that [NSFW]"
"Shoop Daweeden"
"Still one of my favorite pictures on the Internet. The king of Sweden cheering on his 2012 Olympic team. The expressions are just... priceless."
"And so our dreams turned into nightmares"
"Lobster Court"
"The ever-watching eye"
"epic ninja?"
"Attempting to win an argument against your wife"
"Damn!"
"KNOCK OUT!"
"Evolution (x-post from /AlternativeArt)"
"Jesus on Atheism"
"Bible Drinking Game"
"OMG"
"Sexual disease warning poster from World War II."
"Sneak Attack Fail"
"Frog crossing his arms"
"Batman is the man."
"After the Redbull Stratos last weekend  this old image from the interwebs has never been more relevant"
"Risque Rabbit"
"the flow of content on the internet"
"Sounds like a promising watch."
"Live  damn it!"
"How I feel whenever I make a new post"
"LIVE ACTION PATRICK STAR"
"It's this shit right here. And the fundies I know tell me I'm the ignorant one."
"Sorry toast  no blow job for you today  it's cereal's turn. NSFW"
"Lightning over the bridge"
"Mr. President what have you done?"
"I feel atheists are very widely misunderstood; this should clear things up."
"What....wh....why?"
"my little baby after a bath"
"Look who I found under the blanket!"
"Handsome Jack Logic"
"It was you!!"
"OMG A HUMAN"
"Realization Cat"
"My ultimate fear when my Fiancee says she has a job interview"
"A man riding a flying alligator. That is all."
"Skyrimmer"
"On cutting onions"
"Facebook version vs Real version"
"Minecraft Simple Door Question"
"Best videobomb ever."
"Surprise!"
"Abearica FUCK YEA"
"Stowage of a British slave ship [x-post r/historyporn]"
"I never knew Alabama was there  and Arkansas...where did you go? [Repost for Non-Americans...and some Americans]"
"Woody Allen on god"
"A tiger swimming in water"
"Just a nibble."
"Not Sure If This Works"
"Me on my cake day."
"just kayaking in slovenia."
"Lex Luthor is a terrible person."
"Bronys come in all shapes and sizes."
"What I expect posting on my first cakeday will be like"
"A regular feature since the inaugural race  11 religious leaders - representing the Bahai faith  Buddhism  Christianity  Hinduism  Islam  Jainism  Judaism  Sikhism  Taoism and Zoroastrianism - gather to bless the Singapore Grand Prix event and pray for the safety of the drivers."
"For my cake day  I give you this."
"Was driving home from work today when suddenly..."
"How I pooped back in 1996."
"How I feel like in the large and private handicap toilet"
"How I poop after eating at taco bell"
"Elmo Po pi po"
"How I poop at the Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell on Jamaica Avenue"
"Batman vs Jesus"
"How long 500 Days of Summer should have lasted."
"The original &quot;gaaayyyy&quot; seal"
"Just saw this on 4chan. what the fuck is this???"
"My friend sent me this link and I'm not sure how I feel. Thoughts?"
"College (the best waste of time) [comic] (x-post r/woahdude)"
"But Lord  why was there only one set of footprints?"
"X-Post and Worth It"
"I don't know why I keep falling for this."
"nope nope nope nope"
"My Lazy Bulldog..."
"Phew!"
"This made my day. For the love of music."
"Portable Audio"
"American Tragedy"
"WOOF! ...WTF"
"HOLY SHIT A PONY?!"
"When I saw that 13 of the top 20 songs on iTunes were by Taylor Swift"
"Her dance of seduction is working."
"My virginity is safe"
"why does this hurt my brain?"
"So i heard we're bringing WTF back to its roots."
"Get Off Your High Horse"
"NSFW booty slap"
"When I find a pornstar who looks like an attractive female friend of mine and I know I have material to last weeks."
"All-White Peacock"
"&quot;A layer of low clouds covers the alpine valleys of northern Italy  just south of Lake Como &quot; writes photographer Stefano Anghileri. &quot;You can easily recognize the round shape of Lago di Olginate and the lights of the villages all around its banks.&quot;"
"cars swallowed by grass in Taiwan"
"Just a compilation of Hentai quotes... [NSFW]"
"Now I have a scientific reason to avoid bieber fans"
"you guys..."
"I would do anything for a job right now  but I won't do that."
"I'll have you know..."
"I WILL DESTROY YOU!"
"How i feel after visiting R/horsedicks"
"How i feel about every &quot;not sure if repost&quot; posts"
"And they say people in band can't play football"
"Lost a feline friend a while ago. This was what brought me out."
"Sometimes wolves need hugs  too."
"It's okay  bro. It's okay."
"For some reason  I had a nightmare about this gif."
"Because doors are for pussies"
"Dear Lord."
"Sexiest Halloween Costume ever - Now with Nose and Beard Combo"
"When I realize I just said something really stupid"
"After my post gets downvoted..."
"Wall Vengence"
"funny gif"
"Power of the Boogie [6:03]"
"Seeing a post mentioning my home town on the front page."
"Wu Tang Clan Venn Diagram"
"Now that we know where their base is  we can finally end this [fixed]"
"Missed my cakeday  but more importantly...do these stripes make my ass look fat?"
"That Face..."
"Yes  yes I did"
"This is how I see every [FIXED] post"
"Oh god..."
"Tough stuff  WNBA"
"Seems legit..."
"Stare 10 seconds in the area right into between his eyes."
"Chicken embryo under a microscope"
"I deer you.."
"How to hide a truck"
"Still counts!"
"When giraffes get drunk..."
"Happy Festivus!"
"The police had to detonate a suspicious piece of luggage that was on campus today. Here's an action shot of it."
"The Earth compared to other planets  stars and moons."
"The Earth compared to other planets  stars and moons."
"I knew it Hagrid !"
"Why are you an Atheist? God's purpose is clear!"
"Hamster is always watching you"
"Why I downvote all posts that say &quot;my girlfriend&quot;[FIXED]"
"Today I ordered a &quot;Bloody Best&quot; Bloody Mary. This is what they served me. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"I want a hangover just to enjoy the full effect of this drink"
"When I go to fix dinner then realize I haven't checked Reddit since coming home from work."
"Brief summary of reddit's traffic stats during Obama's AMA (NSFW)"
"The religious rights new take on Jesus..."
"Forever Alone"
"Man asks do I know you. Says No I dont. Walks away. Files police report"
"Madness? This is artaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
"The miracle of Mustaches"
"Found this picture in an old Christmas album"
"Put food in his bowl  went to the bathroom  and came back to this..."
"My first thought on this front page link today..."
"Fuck you im a helicopter"
"Hi  you may remember me from the alphabet..."
"It's how I remember him."
"When I find my girlfriend's porn history"
"Try Graphing these moves!"
"How do drive at any speed you want"
"This just about sums everything up on YouTube"
"Maniac"
"reddit today"
"This is what I feel like every time I post something on Reddit."
"How i feel about my first cakeday"
"When my post to a smaller subreddit makes it to the top of my front page"
"An image of an unknown guy was added yesterday. It was like twilight zone since he looks just like me. Here's a few images to prove it. I might stage the original image to prove it better if not amused."
"this scared the shit out of me"
"So  I just finished watching the season finale of Game of Thrones"
"My reaction when I saw the president did an AMA."
"This is  and forever will be  my favorite cat picture"
"I promise there is a kitty in plain sight."
"Find the cat."
"No  it's free"
"Best C&amp;H I've seen in awhile."
"OM NOM NOM"
"what? ...i don't even"
"Shortest route to attain salvation"
"The Klan's Day Out"
"What not to wear to your Halloween party."
"This is what happens when costume designers run out of ideas."
"Hates gonna hate."
"What....?"
"Just act less gay!"
"Watching someone that you just ignited at low health run into the fog and they don't die."
"Pinkmin"
"My friend's new profile picture on facebook."
"I showed my friend the slinky one...this is what he sends me..."
"Atlantic Road in Norway."
"When I finally find a post with active links..."
"My friend  who I introduced to reddit  just passed me in karma"
"As A Guy Who Can't Get Black 2 Until The 19th  This Is Me All Week"
"Having a bad day?"
"Kill it with fire"
"So I tried this..."
"Road trip mix CD."
"This just appeared on my facebook feed."
"Rocky Horror: Superheroes"
"Riding a Fire Extinguisher in a Subway Car (can someone explain this??)"
"Ink in water"
"Some people are hella good at photoshopping.."
"I'm in love with this picture"
"Oh  hey batman! Wait...what? What are you doing? Batman!?"
"Batman is hungry"
"trying to figure out a costume for hunger games tonight with friends. have no idea what it's about. finally settled on going as a &quot;hunger game.&quot;"
"looking for a hunger games costume for the movie tonight. no idea what it's about. settled on going as a &quot;hunger game&quot;"
"So I googled &quot;cutest fucking thing ever&quot; and was not disappointed at all by the first image."
"I wish I got as excited about anything as he does about cupcakes."
"&quot;And up next on Dirty Jobs with Mike Rowe&quot; [NSFW]"
"Trying to find anything interesting when you've already clicked thru all good links"
"It seems that I have obtained a Portal 2 Steam Coupon  anyone want it?"
"Ballerina tree"
"didn't see that coming."
"WTF?! (NSFL)"
"Spread that sh*t"
"SHOW ME YOUR WAR FACE!"
"War face!"
"Just an endless loop of Mad Men's lawnmower scene.."
"How I feel every time I try to talk to a girl I like..."
"Zach Galifianakis Loves You!"
"Mohammed sees himself in the mirror."
"How i feel when i find $20 in a pair of pants"
"When a cruel joke goes wrong."
"The real reason the Nazis lost."
"I have to hand it to you ..."
"This was relevant a week ago"
"Duckforce - Through the Fire and the Flames"
"Close encounters of dark wing duck kind"
"Chemical encounters of the dark wing kind."
"How I felt getting my flu shot today..."
"Who I imagine is upvoting all the reposts... [fixed]"
"Who I imagine is upvoting all the reposts..."
"Who I Imagine Reposters Are [Fixed]"
"Come at me bro!"
"Some ideas for MythBusters."
"Big sharp NOPE"
"As I pass one year on reddit the reality is setting in."
"Hardcore"
"Basically everyone on r/AmIUgly"
"When someone suggests I start eating healthier"
"Guys find it difficult"
"Hippo eats dwarf"
"Laughed harder then I should have"
"How I feel trying to get to the front page"
"OH CHRIST  MY TEETH"
"So my friend asked Siri a question today..."
"My Siri is a little bit of a slut"
"Thanks Siri....."
"My favorite drinking partner..."
"Twisting hands"
"Twisting hands [gif]"
"You First!"
"When I see that someone has downvoted my cat on my cake day"
"Bill Wi the science Fi"
"You Will Die in 7 Days..."
"Wrong number"
"I Don't know how i found this"
"Serenity  in the hands of nature."
"Well said..."
"tanning naked?"
"Response to every link on /r/mildyinfuriating"
"Turn Your annoyed face into a smashing one."
"Came home to watch my son walking for the first time"
"The carved skull was cool  but I prefer the crystal geode skull."
"So maybe she won't"
"my tan lines..."
"Tan Lines of Summer"
"Amazing picture from Hubble. This is what space is all about."
"Bodacious family photo (fixed)"
"My Fav Thing from Childhood"
"Why Satan is more powerful than God.."
"Pa-ting! Pa-ting!"
"When you're sharpening a pencil and this happens"
"I wish you died"
"Northern Lights over the Moonrise - Alaska"
"OHMAHGODMAN"
"What really happened."
"Jesus Christ I do hate that"
"Jesus and video gamin"
"Steve Jobs new job begins."
"OMG A Branch"
"Shower effort"
"That was pretty cool.................Whaaaaaaaaaaaaa?"
"Nigga stole my yoshi!"
"That tongue."
"How to really hurt a redditor"
"This is the Fucking Sickest thing I've seen.Abhorrent beyond womans vanity!"
"Best dog costume ever!"
"Whenever I would stay the night at someone's house as a child"
"The real angry bird"
"Dat Fro"
"I So Fuzzy and Peaceful Inside"
"Intro to atheism."
"The Strokkur Geyser in Iceland has erupted every 4-8 minutes since a 1789 earthquake - here it is a split second before erupting"
"Relevant repost. It's astounding how many people still don't understand how this &quot;freedom&quot; thing is supposed to work."
"You can never have enough of these fjords."
"The differences between Torchlight and Torchlight 2"
"Standing guard  hurricane or otherwise"
"Tomb of the Unknown Soldier...Marines&gt;Hurricane"
"A picture is worth a thousand words. This picture is just honor and vigilance 500 times each."
"Just a reminder that there are men standing guard 24/7-365...even through this weather."
"Even a hurricane won't keep the honor guard from the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier this morning."
"Proud to be an American  rain or shine (from FB)"
"Dedication."
"I don't really have a clever title for this."
"Happy birthday  you glorious bastard! You're 62 years young today..."
"Whoop whoop whoop whoop!"
"Welcome to the Internet. Here's your GIF Basket."
"Yeah  pretty sure Dan isn't interested..."
"Fuck Society."
"I want you inside me."
"Dat ass…"
"When I see that I'm on the big screen in an electronics shop"
"How I felt when my bf wiped jizz on my forehead and called me simba..."
"What would you do?"
"&quot;To love is not to look at one another  it is to look  together  in the same direction&quot;"
"The winning picture"
"Just a Baby Pygmy Hippo.."
"Now try and tell me you don't love hippos."
"That Makes me Moist!"
"I would honestly buy this over Battlefield 3."
"Please keep off of the grass"
"Whiskey Baby"
"Bad Luck Brian in Boston"
"Brian farts in class."
"This is starting to happen to me at work when I have my iPod plugged into my iHome..."
"this moment will forever make me laugh"
"Yep. I know that feeling well."
"When I found out my &quot;friend&quot; removed me from facebook"
"As a self conscious female browsing /r/EmmaWatson."
"When I see a question on /r/AskReddit I had meant to put on a few days earlier"
"How I feel when my posts get downvoted to oblivion."
"The Perfect Card"
"Reddit Vs. The rest of the Internet"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"How I really think would happen if I were Scrooge Mcduck jumping into a pool of gold coins."
"I'm not sure about this one."
"Hmmmmm"
"Who HASN'T done this?? Am I right  ladies??"
"It is Friday AND pay day  my friends."
"Sweet dreams are made of ice-cream"
"I appreciate these fairies more now."
"How I feel posting on Google+"
"Its my cake day and i really dont have anything to share sooooo"
"I dont really have anything good to share on my cake day sooo... howbout dis?"
"Took me way too long to see it  but when I did..."
"Infinite mirror"
"Jesus vs. Optimus Prime. Praise be."
"This pamphlet is blank."
"Why you shouldn't steal food at work."
"Was he trying to say &quot;God is in your mind&quot;? I guess you can interpret that however you'd like."
"Heavymind  indeed. Well played  Michelangelo."
"Cats are Liquids."
"Religion is like..."
"Religion is like a penis"
"Beautiful comparison."
"Great street art"
"Greatest sequence in MLB history"
"Why I can't get Karma in r/aww"
"I got my 1st (salary) paycheck at my 1st (engineering) job... This is how I feel"
"Kevin  what happened?!"
"Well I don't see how this is much different from human creationism..."
"Shaq does it best"
"How it feels proving your friend is full of shit"
"Horrifyingly Real: Beavis &amp; Butthead"
"The ordinary adventures of batman"
"My son facepalming like Picard."
"So my friend got hit by a volleyball at work last night"
"So I got hit in the head while taking pictures at a volleyball game the other day"
"oh hey gaiz wutcha doin"
"My now ex-friend told me that he &quot;was a hipster before it was cool&quot;..."
"A friend of mine went to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa  this is the photo he took."
"Hey Jude flow chart"
"Rabbit Conversion"
"Upvote To The Face  Bitch!"
"Just gaming"
"playin"
"The Sky is our Playground."
"I have to agree."
"How to &quot;Frighten&quot; your spouse."
"Whenever I beat my girlfriend at ANY videogame (xpost from /r/funny)"
"You belly?"
"Apple laptop on the cheap"
"Fake It Till You Make It"
"MacBook 2.0"
"Carol  the original meme"
"Well...there! That's the idea of the puzzle  right?!"
"So that's what we call sexy today?"
"Here  kitty kitty."
"When someone sits on a school bus seat that i was saving for my friend"
"Oh Jesus... oh jesus..."
"When I have grandchildren"
"Drop it like its hot"
"Amazing snap of a dolphin in the wild from Newquay  U.K"
"It's my birthday and this is hilarious."
"What I thought was cooler than a walkman"
"Remember these?"
"Damn white people..."
"Word."
"Whenever I see someone congratulating a mentally and/or financially unstable high school girl for her pregnancy"
"When I start my period on the first day of a vacation trip"
"My dad and I went to Five Guys Burgers and Fries. He ordered a hot dog."
"Wilford Brimley Cat"
"Clutch can be an asshole sometimes."
"Happy birthday to tha ground!!"
"Well said..."
"Saw this on facebook  thought you guys would like it."
"Made this to troll a friend on facebook  figured I'd leave it."
"texting while driving"
"So that's what the Jersey Shore cast are upto now."
"White People."
"How I feel when a fellow redditor submits a link seconds before I do."
"Remember the guy who was writing out the entire script to Pulp Fiction? Well he's back and he's made a special Martin Luther King Jr. poster and donating all the proceeds to charity as a big thank you!"
"Wait...how did I miss this the first time?? Martin Luther King Jr. portrait made from handwriting out his iconic &quot;I have a dream speech&quot;"
"The Death of Ronald McDonald"
"Meanwhile  in upstate New York..."
"Pretty much sums sums things up..."
"It's a quick road to homelessness"
"After a recent period of heavy rain in upstate Wisconsin  forest fauna displayed a rarely documented form of vegetative oxidation indicating unusually high levels of atmospheric pollution. [/r/pollution_porn]"
"I see your Sodium Polyacrylate mixed with water and I raise you with Hydrogen Peroxide mixed with Potassium Iodide [GIF]"
"Worst multiple choice ever."
"Flying alligator about to eat a baby in 3D. That should about cover it."
"The Anty Christ"
"Got ma hair did"
"I gots my hair did today"
"The Subway  Zion National Park- Utah [950x531]"
"Every Saturday morning..."
"Every morning"
"Ballooooonnnn... what is with that dude's belly button?"
"This is how I imagine most Redditors spend their evening"
"How I imagine people on /r/aww"
"This came up on my facebook feed"
"Seems legit."
"Aw! So cute"
"Whenever I try to impress someone"
"When the product doesn't even come close to the picture on the box"
"No one can argue with his logic."
"Big  small  messy  clean  doesn't matter - I'm into all kinds of bookshelf porn."
"My favorite skit from the show."
"Every single time I eat Bush's Bold and Spicy Beans"
"Now is the winter..."
"x-ray of a stingray"
"Really?"
"What about a catapult?"
"How Boromir would've done things."
"90's Kids Will Remember This... I Hope"
"How I feel when I have a competition with my friends to see who can watch Two Girls One Cup to the end"
"Welcome to English"
"Welcome to the English language  asshole."
"I fucking LOVE passports"
"worth the mess"
"I give up."
"How I feel during finals week"
"Binder$ Fulla Women"
"R-Money's Debut Album (x-post /r/4chan)"
"Romney's Rapping Career"
"R-Money"
"America  fuck yeah! [FIXED] The sad truth."
"Apparently cheez-its do not come with enough cheese"
"This woman sure loves cheese.."
"Romney's Shit Eating Grin after Libya Press Conference"
"This is what happens when you say Freddie Murphy is irrelevant now"
"Meanwhile  In Poland..."
"Winnie-the Pooh Flashmob...I have mixed feelings about this."
"How I feel having just completed the last of my undergraduate work."
"Today  after two years of doing close to nothing and living off the benevolence of my parents I got a fulltime job to start over again."
"TGIF Bear"
"What is going on!?!?"
"The “WTF” Dog"
"How to Dance to Dubstep"
"Family... [gif]"
"Irony.."
"Typed in &quot;Voldemort&quot; was not disappointed."
"'merica"
"I've been getting this screen whenever I plug in my mobile charger. I've had this charger for over a year. What's the deal?"
"Today my phone reminded me about the heatwave."
"Only in Arizona!"
"If my phone will not work in the heat  I shouldn't either."
"No snuggling! Don't touch me!"
"Deal With It"
"Stephen Colbert's senior yearbook page"
"Nikki Minaj 6 years ago."
"just a dog working construction. nothing more  nothing less."
"&quot;Fuck&quot;"
"The Tortoise and the Hare"
"What goes through my head before submitting a link"
"As a Cardinals fan living in the D.C. area  this was me walking out of the bar last night."
"A bobcat kitten and a fawn cuddle after a wildfire."
"This one always gets me.."
"Lost most of my phone contacts  going to school in a new city  and haven't had internet for a week. This has been me..."
"wut?!?!!11 Some sort of WTF-show?"
"What's going through my head as I scroll down my newsfeed on facebook."
"First day on Reddit"
"Cooking for the glory of satan"
"is mine big dog =) is very cute dog =) is friend very not angry (cool)"
"Awesome justice"
"Brilliant"
"Genius!"
"If Facebook existed during WWII."
"this image cannot be explained [nsfl]"
"Satan's basement"
"This little piggy"
"Whenever I eat pizza"
"The Mighty Asian Banana Man!"
"What the.. I don't even..."
"guess she really likes bananas..."
"Banana Man"
"Thanks banana man!"
"because japan!"
"Just Japan being Japan I guess"
"Still unsure what to think of this .gif after three years."
"Honey Boo Boo  you come eat this dinner  right now!!"
"Joker gets the jump on Batman"
"The single greatest picture in the history of the internet."
"Why so serious?"
"-C'mon Aki  it's time to go home! -Give me a minute  just trying to update my profile pic!"
"Some self-portrait are better than others"
"Amazing self-portrait from the ISS"
"Everytime My Sister Shows Me Something On The Internet"
"when redditors complain about 9gag"
"Eat Fresh"
"When Super Committees don't agree on a debt deal....."
"My attitude toward classes now that I've got a job offer"
"Last day of school"
"For those of you who want to hallucinate  but can't afford them expensive drugs"
"My Dad pulled this one when we were talking about working out."
"If only he had longer arms!"
"It cannot be denied"
"The Barack Obama AMA in a nutshell..."
"The poor little guy ):"
"It was so sad when the original bassist died."
"3 people so far posted this in 2 weeks might aswell post it to."
"I would buy them..."
"Tinkerbell"
"To all the oldest sodas in America posts today"
"Searched wtf on google and found this o_O"
"Realizing someone has saved over my game file."
"How I felt when I got on Facebook and everyone was posting pissed off statuses about the change."
"How I feel getting upvotes for a repost"
"This is my response after just hearing about Hurricane Sandy yesterday."
"Oh Saul.."
"Tigger"
"Mmmyess. They must die."
"Never thought I'd see something so badass on Pinterest."
"WTF did I just witness..."
"Realizing Obama's AMA wasn't a hoax..."
"First karma? Yey ME!"
"[repost][bad quality] a very old picture"
"High five!"
"It's my cake day"
"Every time I see a repost"
"So ummm  it's my cakeday..."
"How to deal with the death of a great person who doesn't believe in heaven"
"When I miss a problem that I knew how to do on a test."
"How I feel when I get downvoted on my Cake Day"
"Jon Stewart of the daily show goes nuts."
"In a class of 84 students and a last name beginning with S  this is how I feel during attendance."
"Looked up &quot;Reddit in a nutshell&quot; spot on google  spot on"
"That last pie was a mistake"
"You can't buy this wand at Alivan's"
"Whenever I try to seduce my wife"
"Do You Think Its Still Funny?"
"Military Intervention"
"After years  still my favourite .gif"
"Star Trek cat seems overwhelmed"
"Did you lose a cat?"
"Don't worry buddy I'll take care of ya"
"She got tired so i brought her home."
"Made the front page of r/running  r/funny  and r/adviceanimals in 3 consecutive days respectively. My reaction..."
"Bwooooom! Super nova"
"Logging onto Reddit to see that my karma doubled overnight"
"Poor choice of words."
"Madness of 1916. [925 x 727]"
"Childbirth"
"The end of the rainbow"
"Stupid sexy Flanders!"
"Damn  why can't my park have one of these"
"I wish I had this when I was younger"
"One of the more WTF images I've seen of late."
"When lurking on imgur itself:"
"Puppy Pajamas (Fixed)"
"Cow photo bombing a horse stuck in a fence"
"Don't be a horse's ass  cow."
"Tiny cat ... I do not fear you ...*pat pat*"
"Now I know exactly how Kelvin works."
"Temperature range"
"What in the actual fuck? Did this actually happen?"
"As a reminder  it has been 108 days since Shitty_Watercolour has promised us a rectal explosion watercolour."
"Almost too awesome to eat..."
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pizza"
"I saved this on my computer a long time ago  and every time I am having a bad day I'll look at it and laugh. Thought I'd share and hopefully make someones bad day a little better."
"Makes me laugh every time."
"Jurassiquest"
"I have the weirdest woody right now"
"I feel that /r/WTF has been lacking recently. What say we have a &quot;most fucked-up gif&quot; competition? I'll start... [NSFL]"
"But mom!"
"Wont you take me to Funky Town !"
"When a girlfriend says she wants a threesome with her hot best friend."
"How I feel when Never Ending Reddit stops working"
"When you're Tom Hanks  an Emmy is just a good hood ornament."
"And then there's Tom Hanks."
"Point of view"
"Lil' bunny doing some much-need shopping."
"The Secret Life of Bunnies"
"My brother quit smoking. Every time we walk past somebody with a cigarette  he looks something like this."
"Do you find this majestic? I find it a bit horrifying."
"I can't stop blinking"
"How I feel at work on MY Friday"
"Fuck it Anthem"
"How I felt today. It's a Friday  and I left my job today."
"When my dad found out he was paying 70 dollars for 5MBS download speed  when he could be paying 36 for 25 MPBS"
"This is me on every god damn Monday"
"How I feel after spending an hour unsuccessfully trying to braid my own hair"
"Hurricane Sandy Canceled My Classes"
"Last meal"
"President Barack Obama meets with actor Clint Eastwood on the patio outside the Oval Office."
"President Obama meets with Clint Eastwood"
"Made this for a friend... Upon request I swear. [Fixed]"
"I'm so hungry I could eat a..."
"im sorry to all human kind"
"That dark day when those four redditors found out IMGUR was down for maintenance."
"Four redditors at a donkey show."
"This guy was told he couldn't fly an American flag in his yard this is how he responded."
"What a pro."
"Lucha Libre: The coolest form of wrestling possible"
"USS Enterprise Dog"
"Man turns his dog into the USS Enterprise."
"Kitty car chase  go kitty go."
"Hey girls  so where is the party at tonight?"
"Now... How about a hugggg!?"
"What I feel like when I'm passing people in holiday traffic"
"did someone say something about a &quot;binder full of women&quot;"
"When one window just isn't enough"
"Picture I took from a plane."
"I think we should really change this"
"Seems legit."
"I liked the no fap September idea  so I thought I'd try my own no fap October..."
"Hearing about No Shave November yesterday  having already shaved that morning"
"WTF Spooning."
"How I'm celebrating my 20th birthday!"
"How i feel trying to get karma today..."
"Bill Clinton"
"Vintage Obama"
"Obama smoking a joint circa 1970's"
"Chewbacca riding a giant squirrel fighting Nazi's in the mountains (pic)"
"This was the wallpaper on my history teacher's computer..."
"Just Chewbacca conquering the Nazis on a squirrel"
"Chewbacca on a squirrel fighting Nazis"
"Get that shit outta here!"
"This is what I picture downvotes to be like"
"So perfect."
"How they did it in 1839 [xpost/funny]"
"Tomorrow is International Bacon Day. Found some bacon art to put us in the mood for the big day!!!"
"My reaction to every post about what a guy got his girlfriend for V-Day."
"50 Shades of..."
"Pots. [x-post r/gaming]"
"Oh no you di'n't!"
"When i correct a teacher in class..."
"Mr Chow sends you a warm message regarding &quot;No Fap&quot; month..."
"How I feel when I see all the people trading $$$ donations for karma"
"My ex-girlfriend asked me today to delete the old photos of her naked that reside on my computer."
"Seeing a NSFW link"
"Cat Model"
"Kitty Six Pack"
"He works out."
"Oh  The Cruel Irony!"
"Get well soon little guy"
"He seems to enjoy it"
"Why the long face?"
"When my comments begin to receive a lot of downvotes"
"NOPE"
"Nah"
"Crackalackin.."
"how I feel when I get an upvote."
"Muh Bear"
"just a kitty cuddling a teddy"
"Kitty love"
"How I feel when I give someone my work and that person get's a better grade."
"Me when someone gives me driving directions that are more than 3 steps"
"This mammoth knows how to live on the edge"
"By far the best haunted house reaction pic I have ever seen."
"Oh you crazy cat..."
"Death Waltz Cat"
"This fits almost too well with this GIF."
"Conker the cat"
"DAT HO!!"
"Mirror pic!"
"Mother of God..."
"Mushroom Cloud Expansion"
"What did you do this summer?"
"To those feeling remorse about shaving"
"im the skat cat"
"Played imgur roulette  got this little guy"
"This cat will go crazy on you!"
"&quot;Music&quot; Television"
"Elephant completely submerged in water propping up its human driver"
"I see your bucket sized Slurpee and i raise to you mini pool sized Slurpee"
"12 year olds these days"
"My friend shared this on FB  so I thought you guys might like it"
"All I could see when I saw the new hobbit poster"
"What browsing gonewild is like"
"What browsing /r/gonewild is like"
"There's got to be a pun for this."
"Children Failing at Life"
"Best costumes ever."
"The Internet's undersea world."
"zero fucks given"
"Pretty challenging when drunk I imagine"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"Failure Fat Cat"
"This picture floated across my newsfeed today."
"hehe i get it"
"Whatever floats your..."
"Yeah ok"
"Did you just look at my chest?"
"Rise - there is no need to be upset"
"Just in case I don't get a chance to use this tonight. I'm breaking this out now."
"Nod your head to this."
"Oh hi"
"How I feel after missing my one year reddit anniversary by three days..."
"Saddest gif ever."
"This about sums up how I'll feel after the Steam Summer Sale ends."
"Whenever I show up just a few minutes after a place closes"
"Tiny badass"
"Bluths are back."
"This week's Entertainment Weekly cover..."
"Personal favorite of Wolverine"
"gritty"
"Night Life [FIXED]"
"Digging for gold  gorilla style."
"so i was looking up body builders..."
"All aboard the crazy trailer!"
"You would all watch every single lap."
"This is how I see every &quot;[Fixed]&quot; post [Fixed]"
"Obligatory."
"Every Redditor on their cake day (x-post from r/funny)"
"Cakeday. Let's get this over with."
"Account was deleted...lost over 5 000 karma...I don't even feel human anymore"
"Just feeding a lion"
"some people get way ahead of themselves"
"Get well soon deer"
"What is this I don't even"
"GOATS ARE LIKE MUSHROOMS"
"Operation Kinder was a success. So...:"
"I really wonder!"
"Fuck These Batman Jokes!"
"Your cat likes to sleep in your pants in the bathroom?"
"Life in a College Dorm"
"SpOON."
"Not with an attitude like that  you can't."
"Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit"
"flying dragon kick!"
"My dog didn't know what to think..."
"mmm..."
"Chris Brown gets Rihanna's beaten face tattooed on his neck!"
"I'm surprised Reddit hasn't jumped on this yet - Chris Brown's new 'beaten woman' tattoo"
"What the Knights of New observe"
"Me after after a few drinks in town"
"One of the many reasons I love this man."
"Just hoppin' onto my new ride."
"Magic"
"This makes me feel normal..."
"How I picture most redditors."
"So I googled &quot;reddit couples&quot; and this was the first image (possibly nsfw)"
"What I imagine happens when my turtle and cat play"
"GO! BLASTOISE!"
"Those icy eyes..."
"Roommate said he got a new iPhone..."
"I go to a school were Greek life is a really big deal. &quot;Bid Day&quot; was a few days ago. This was my reaction every time someone started telling me what frat/sorority they joined."
"My reaction to the NFL as a Spaniard"
"Not a single fuck was given"
"&quot;Oh...might as well take a picture&quot; [GIF]"
"I Have This Problem Too"
"What the advertisement should have been."
"Monkey troll"
"This always puts a smile on my face..."
"Restoration lady  tries to fix monkey face"
"So  there's a lone fly in my room"
"This subreddit is actually great for reminding older music. Thanks guys!"
"My personal favorite  been using this for years!"
"Baby Bear....that is all."
"Tiny polar bear. X-post from r/aww"
"Tiny baby polar bear  that's all"
"A baby polar bear!"
"A baby Polar Bear"
"Why is she so popular now? wtf"
"I Don't know why  but this made me giggle like a 7 year old girl."
"How I feel after looking at my bank account and student loan balance... almost five years after graduating."
"How I felt when I walked in on my brother having sex (SFW)"
"Something that will piss off most of reddit"
"Go fuck yourself."
"Whenever someone I know says smoking weed is worse for you than drinking."
"When my post almost instantly goes to 0 karma score  never to see the light of day."
"What I thought when my boss got mad at me for browsing reddit at work on my cake day"
"For everyone playing blackops 2 while im at work today.."
"The difference between a homeless and a hipster."
"Cruising in style"
"The proper way to pimp your ride!"
"Anyone who comments on my submissions."
"When I see a pokemon thread outside of /r/pokemon"
"Is there a game you are gunning for but can't quite get the funds?"
"When I noticed its my cake day"
"Real Life Cinnabar Island!"
"Aogashima Island  off the coast of Tokyo."
"How I felt playing as a Mage for the first time..."
"Olympic themed Ad: Durex (x-post /r/funny) [720x524]"
"Durex Olympics Billboard Ad"
"Well played  Durex..."
"Female Composite Images by Race"
"The average face of women around the world"
"When all of my friends are starting to get married and I realize I'm that age now."
"Whenever I catch someone double dipping."
"Zach Galifianakis' finest moment"
"While watching a new episode of a show  and someone tries to get me to do something"
"What I see when people are talking about Sandy..."
"How I feel being 27/m and single..."
"Every time I try to make someone feel better on the internet"
"I like trains !"
"Whenever someone asks me how my night went"
"Party Time!"
"What the FUCK is this!?"
"And not a single fuck is given"
"Bitch  I'm Fabulous"
"Trigonometry Says the Darndest Things"
"No matter how many Oktoberfest pictures of girls I see  this will always be my favorite."
"Crossing the border  by car!"
"That moment you look at your boyfriend's computer screen and see 8 000 tabs of porn open"
"Everytime I see an AMA for someone awesome  then realize it was only an AMA request."
"When someone asks me for directions"
"When you see it"
"Nothing's happeni...OH SHIT!"
"Dog fetches explosive..."
"Dog fetches explosive...[X-post from r/funny]"
"Monty Python Galaxy Song"
"This would be a life-changing experience"
"Father and cub"
"Real Life Lion King!"
"uuuuh"
"The origin of my name"
"Seemed like a good idea at the time..."
"BIZARRE GOOGLE STREETVIEW FINDINGS - Imgur"
"This is why I can't have a girlfriend."
"Can someone please explain this?"
"I could watch this for an hour and still not feel like I understand it completely."
"Nigariel"
"Face-Off?"
"Face-Off?"
"Poor Edward... =("
"The Most Predictable Game of Rock  Paper  Scissors"
"Mood Brightener"
"Apple maps  who knows?"
"That's some intense shit"
"Sidecars save lives."
"The world needs more people like this."
"I've been trying to figure out where this is from for months...anyone know?"
"Technologic"
"I think this might be my favorite gif."
"My friend just sent me this picture after we'd had a fall out"
"A face of Atheism"
"That was a close one...."
"So for the first time in 5 years U of M finally Beat State."
"My reaction when a girl from my high school was on Dr. Phil yesterday and everyone on Facebook was freaking out about it."
"Chewbacca riding a squirrel while fighting Nazis with a crossbow"
"Chewbacca on a squirrel killing Nazis."
"Doomsday!"
"it's that time of year again..."
"Saw this on facebook  and thought it should be here."
"Chocolate Rain NSFW"
"What really happened."
"SNOOPIMORPHS"
"My hurt brains."
"My childhood has officially ended. Cookie Monster is dead."
"Meanwhile in America..."
"An impressive resume"
"Dear NASA"
"Fuck it  lets go home"
"Thanks for sharing  I guess..."
"Okay this takes mirror shots to a whole new level &quot;Fb&quot;"
"Most interesting monster in the world"
"Found this in the store.."
"This happened by accident"
"God damn I made it"
"With a dance teacher like that..."
"Oh  dear lord"
"Kid Will Never Have a Chance"
"What the image should have been when Reddit was down during Obama AMA"
"Mondays..."
"Ooooo this is new!"
"Da fuq is this?"
"God fucking damnit"
"Screw it  I'm Iron Man"
"fuck you  im iron man"
"Secret identities? Screw that"
"Ad placement"
"Best Parking Double Kill"
"How I feel getting on Reddit lately."
"I cant be the only one"
"A lot of people do miss their cakeday"
"Keep calm and..."
"My new shirt..."
"My most recent (and best) purchase."
"Thank you jesus."
"I just about died."
"thought this belonged here  i saw it on my newsfeed."
"Thank you  Jesus [RESTORED]"
"Jesus  thank you for this food."
"Hypno-Cakeday Cat demands your upvotes."
"Saw this today"
"What's are you thinking about little duck ?"
"A great infographic on different ways to tie your shoes. xposted from /r/theidealman"
"good idea..."
"GET THAT BITCH SOME LEAVES"
"no matter where i am  whenever i hear it."
"This is a Venezuelan Poodle Moth."
"Venezuelan poodle moth"
"This is a police officer who had a petrol bomb thrown to him during the Greek riot of 2011."
"Toy cars"
"Pimpin ain't easy"
"This took a turn I was not expecting. NSFL!"
"[NSFW] A classic scene imbedded into my young  fragile mind + Delta 9 = time to AWP in CS:GO"
"How I feel every time I post something funny and no one finds it funny."
"Recently Went Through A Bad Breakup.Why Not Zoidberg?"
"Itty bitty hermit crab"
"Caught this little feller"
"Baby sloth is sleepy"
"When people say &quot;nothing tastes as good as skinny feels&quot;"
"Ah  so it's the demon that keeps those phones so tough"
"Came across this... The real reason Nokia phones are indestructible"
"After not being laid for almost a year  this is how I imagine my next sexual encounter."
"mfw my Karma reached over 1 000"
"but where do I go for coco?"
"Chile's volcano  Puyehue  eruption"
"Erupting Volcano [950x634]"
"IED"
"Morgan Freeman"
"Yahoo Answers never fails to make me chuckle."
"How I Feel Starting Every Research Paper I Have Ever Written"
"I think I'll wait for the next one"
"get IT!"
"Need a new desktop background?"
"Gandalf Style! [Fixed] [OC]"
"Just Nicolas Cage doing his thing"
"Repost."
"Best Friends"
"God's a dick"
"This is how Asians age"
"Oh hello there! We were just talking about you....."
"Don't look up."
"Lion sisters and baby lion .."
"Meanwhile  in the Solar System..."
"Run  Mars!"
"Your street is safe. co-splay"
"Mars - Base of Mount Sharp  Curiosity's eventual destination - Color adjusted to show the Martian scene under the lighting conditions on Earth"
"The base of Mount Sharp"
"Ladies and gentlemen  please welcome lord duckface"
"Was playing Call of Duty when.."
"Breaking Bad Parenting"
"Every single time. I can't stop laughing."
"not sure if repost..."
"So it goes."
"Ladies  please... it's exam time"
"Guess the movie titles."
"Stupid human..."
"See this shit? Damn human can't do an otter thing!"
"Bongo Cat!"
"This picture occasionally pops up in r/WTF - can someone please tell me its origins?"
"I believe this belongs here.."
"Ok  I'm serious… WTF? (NSFW?)"
"Like a Boss"
"&quot;This is totally gonna work. We're totally doing this.&quot;"
"WAT? - Imgur"
"Apple's perfect product design"
"Must make haste"
"January 19th  2012. You know exactly what's coming. [Fixed]"
"how I feel after eating salsa the night before  drinking coffee this morning and only having 1 ply toilet paper"
"My thoughts on Sarah Palin's affair with Glen Rice. [Fixed]"
"How I feel about all the &quot;How I feel&quot; Posts"
"After seeing a ton of this &quot;armed animals&quot; posts."
"Mines Better"
"Family Matters"
"Works every time."
"First Cake Day  exactly how I feel right now"
"Mr. Rogers"
"Beautiful Carina Nebula"
"Something tells me I'm in for an ass whooping..."
"Me reading all the Higgs Boson posts"
"The SPCA need the force"
"I'll be watching you"
"Thought this was funny when I saw it."
"JAWS"
"You don't say..."
"Paradise"
"Rainbow wave"
"Getting Ready to Reddit. Better Do Some Warm-Ups."
"How I feel when people post about their lack of success in posting to the front page."
"Whenever anyone makes a &quot;still a better love story than Twilight&quot; joke."
"Mom's having a pretty rough day [Fixed][Fixed]"
"So they're making a Hangover Part III..."
"Hearing about how much Mitt Romney sucks"
"This makes me So Happy."
"Don't touch the lava."
"Every time I scroll through my Facebook Newsfeed..."
"Dealing with Facebook notifications after announcing my engagement."
"How I felt going back to school as a sophomore today"
"Reading the roster for Sony All Stars Battle Royale"
"What the fuck did I just hatch."
"What the fuck did I just hatch."
"What the fuck did I just hatch."
"Every single Friday. No matter how terrible the week was."
"Do you remember beans from Evens Stevens?"
"The strongest argument for gay marriage."
"You'll never know for sure"
"right in the childhood"
"Stuck at a club with my friends  my prevailing thought was..."
"Sorry Reddit  Just Another Re-Post"
"This gave me a good laugh..."
"The Weasley family reunion."
"Joy"
"Hurricane Sandy approaching NYC"
"One truck to the other: &quot;You belong with me.&quot;"
"Top Gear at it again"
"I've read the caption 5 times and I still have no idea."
"About this whole Chic-fil-A debacle..."
"And the day will come  when the mystical generation of Jesus  by the Supreme Being as His Father  in the womb of a virgin  will be classed with the fable of the generation of Minerva  in the brain of Jupiter. - Thomas Jefferson"
"Duck Swim"
"If Zelda was a little more realistic."
"My friend was scared of two different gifs. I combined them to create this."
"Evolution"
"Just got served"
"Seems legit."
"How many times does this happen to you? Every. Single. Day."
"Brace yourselves.."
"Getting Out Of The Backseat Of A Car..."
"Wut?..."
"Hitler's Death"
"Every time I go to the dentist"
"Me  the first time at the dentist"
"MR. ET"
"the song that just finished downloading starts playing in the background of the song i'm watching on youtube  and they sound amazing together"
"My face at every Kate Upton photo"
"Girl from Splice in my basement"
"Less-reliable predictions department: Ducks could take over the world! [x-post from r/futurology]"
"Scariest couch ever built."
"When my ex calls to say she wants me back"
"How I feel upvoting posts on my cakeday."
"Everytime someone quote the Motto...."
"Have had enough! Time to take some action!"
"I was at the mall when I heard it..."
"that kid told me what I was about to see  I thought he just had tourettes"
"That cat is up to something! [GIF]"
"Cat-astrophe. (I know  worst title ever.)"
"The tl;dr to everything"
"They see me rollin"
"Poor little guy... Keep trying!"
"[HIFW] Trying to escape ANYTHING in my dreams."
"I did a Google image search for &quot;how do I escape Reddit.&quot;"
"Great exercise"
"The Best Around"
"The race for karma"
"A wild Honey Boo Boo sneezes....."
"Whoops! nsfw"
"How I feel as a teenage Redditor"
"What I feel like playing Scriptcraft after years of BC  WOTLK and now Cata"
"Playing DOTA 2 for the first time"
"How I feel playing my Critical Mass wizard."
"I bought Microsoft Flight Simulator"
"Ive been following TS Isaac  this is how I see the weathermen"
"Got invited to a fantasy fb league. My first live draft~"
"Amazing sculpture"
"I have never felt pain by looking at a picture till now"
"Horny (more inside)"
"This is awful... but I can't stop watching! &quot;Oppa Gotham Style&quot;"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Denial"
"Whenever someone comments on the state of my room"
"How I Feel When a Girl Breaks Up on Facebook"
"Walking into a meeting with a free lunch"
"Walking in to Costco while the samples are out"
"&quot;Oh well she looks pret-- Wat.&quot;"
"Every time my boss tells me I need to work late 5 minutes before my shift is supposed to end."
"My favorite picture on the internet"
"Push me!"
"When someone is begging for karma on their cake day"
"It is time..."
"The Seal Seal xpost from pics"
"Seal seal"
"Typed &quot;gay seal&quot; into google for the meme  and got this"
"I heard you like seals..."
"Colin Mochrie at his best"
"THE GOVERNMENT TOOK MY BABIES"
"Makes my day better everytime."
"How I feel browsing through r/amIugly"
"This belongs here."
"My favorite faceswap"
"I don't even know what to title this."
"Aawwh  MAN!"
"best face swap"
"Pulled my dad out of the bed with a hook.."
"That moment when you know there is no hope..."
"The walking stick insects of Ball's Pyramid. These insects most commonly hav......Wow.. Check out that dudes eyebrows... Jesus."
"The Hamburglar strikes again"
"I wonder if it was fatal"
"A haboob in Phoenix  Arizona"
"You've probably never heard of them  they're from a long time ago"
"It's all white and gooey!"
"Quite a Film"
"Science rules!"
"Men felling a Giant Redwood by hand in the 1920's.."
"Being confident in your own work  demonstrated by lumberjacks from Humboldt County  California  cca 1900s."
"Extinction of the Dinosaurs [FIXED]"
"Didn't get booze for xmas before the stores closed today..."
"How I feel whenever I submit a imgur link and realize it wasn't a direct link."
"I don't do well under pressure.."
"What..."
"Puppy dog"
"&quot;what you looking at buddy?&quot;"
"When a girl walks in with a itty bitty waist..."
"Why are we running?"
"Trying to disagree with someone without being rude"
"When someone proceeds to tell me a story i just know is complete and utter bullshit..."
"Classic story of a redditor's wife"
"How I feel when I use the handicapped stall."
"I confess that I have no desire to confess"
"That's right Tom."
"Forrest Gump on health"
"pooooooop"
"A new way of paying at Tesco!"
"I just want to pay for my shopping"
"I Googled Awesome Animals and this was the first thing that came up"
"Nom nom nom."
"Behold  the angel came to him."
"She OD'd on the WTF"
"A Wild Diglett Has Appeared."
"Diglett Dig"
"What dancing in a club looks like to me."
"Drunk sex summed up pretty good"
"Why I hate the club"
"Dammit  Bill!"
"A new Lamborghini"
"How I Feel Missing My Cake Day"
"One of my favorite gifs of all time"
"That is one shitty cheerleader..."
"Freedom!"
"I must go  my people need me"
"Transformers! Pastors in disguise!"
"HAT"
"I'll just have to keep holding my breath waiting for this one's sequel..."
"How fights get started"
"OM NOM NOM!"
"Coming home 40.000BC"
"Oh Boy! Oh Boy! Oh BOY!"
"getting home from class only to come to nothing but blue links."
"The greatest game nobody ever played."
"I would hate working in tech support."
"So I was taking pictures of bubbles..."
"like a boss"
"My favorite Sandy photoshop so far"
"That snake is evil"
"The dangerous laughing python."
"Fucking Hot Pockets!"
"Fucking hot pockets!"
"I still regret nothing!!! [fixed]"
"Possibly the cutest thing EVAR?!"
"Snug as a bug in a rug!"
"OMG THE CUTENESS IS OVERWHELMING"
"When I have nothing clever or creative to post on my cakeday."
"Who thinks of this shit!?"
"Something needs to be done about this..."
"It's the time... Of the season."
"Seasons of Beauty"
"HIFW I heard LMFAO were breaking up"
"Everybody!"
"Fucking bird...[GIF]"
"fuck you gravity i am a cat"
"When trolling goes wrong"
"How I look whenever I steal a kill as Sona from my carry"
"Don't get paid enough to play in the NHL or Ref. a NFL game?"
"Pure joy."
"No Time to Explain..."
"LOL WHUT"
"Looks like supplies will be running low shortly !"
"A little creepy..."
"Anyone care to tell me what on earth is going on here?"
"Well I wish I could have more mints. Thank you Jeazus!!!!!!!"
"Man brings 137 $1 bills folded into tiny pigs to the police in Dunkin Donuts boxes"
"How can she slap!"
"Last supper ft science"
"hang on  winter's coming"
"It's a Japanese dwarf flying squirrel"
"Producers not paying attention to live tweets..."
"This makes me cry from happiness!"
"Laughed my ass off at this one!"
"suddenly a flying sniper appears - Imgur"
"Just found this on wikipedia. Quote: &quot;Because when you are a sniper you can do anything&quot;"
"For The Love Of It"
"When I see that a horror movie is &quot;based on a true story&quot;"
"When friends on fb post &quot;RIP you were my favorite actor/singer/writer/etc&quot; anytime a famous person dies. (BTW RIP Michael Clarke Duncan)"
"Whenever I see that a another country has demanded that the US change a policy or arrest a person who has offended them"
"Reddit: Where everyone claims to be a SAP but hooks up with celebrities like it's a normal occurrence."
"Dreams do come true. A shipping container fell off during a storm …"
"Smarter..."
"This Panda just captured my heart"
"Softball pitcher"
"errrmagerd dat wind-up"
"Guilty."
"Smashing smashing smashing smashing  etc. [gif]"
"Whenever I get an A on a test I didn't study for"
"The moment you up- or downvote something to 1337..."
"FUCK YEAH!"
"Getting exactly the spot you wanted in the library."
"While watching The Avengers"
"when I found out that my internet had been upgraded"
"when someone has baby wipes instead of TP"
"When the &quot;random&quot; button took me to r/emmawatson"
"DON'T....MOVE"
"I really hope this isn't real"
"As someone allergic to bees I said cringe in agony"
"Even with my terrible OCD  I enjoy this. Theresien Wiese  Munich."
"Meanwhile in Germany"
"Edward Hopper's Anteater"
"FACT: Anteaters hate diners."
"Alakazam style."
"I hope this comes instead of duckface"
"Cyanide and Happiness Defines a Redditor."
"I don't think he is joking"
"Hit dat wood!"
"This is what happens when it flurries in Cincinnati (x-post from r/Cincinnati)"
"8 million and ONE"
"Sorry if it's a repost  but I had to post this one!"
"Creepy stalking cat"
"Nom"
"Pretty Sure This Belongs Here."
"I love perspective illusions like this."
"Mmmm Chocolate."
"Chocolate covered cockatiel anyone?"
"How I feel receiving a cascade of Upvotes for a good post."
"delicious"
"birds"
"FUCK THIS SHIT."
"What  you can still see me?"
"Mr. Lizard [High Resolution]"
"Belief in Evolution vs National Wealth"
"Black guys face=priceless"
"Every time I see this pic I laugh"
"the disadvantages of being colorblind"
"“No worries there  Ralph  I got this!!!”"
"When someone up after a night of hefty alcohol consumption"
"Remember when you threw that shoe at me...?"
"Abbey Road Animated Beatles GIF. Dig Ringo's strut."
"Shufflin' across the street"
"My reaction to /r/spacedicks. I made it past the second page"
"Thanks to reddit  this is how I feel when a girl I'm interested in uses the word &quot;friendship&quot;"
"My reaction as a Brit watching the Olympic opening ceremony unfold."
"You tried your best."
"Couldn't get away"
"To victory  my noble steed!"
"Run  Mr Pig! They want to turn you into bacon!"
"When I try to talk to a pretty girl"
"Dali Didn't Give A Fuck"
"Here's a picture of Elijah...taking a picture of Elijah with a picture of Elijah."
"Winnie the Pooh is gonna fuck your bitch"
"I don't even know anymore."
"out of the way bitch"
"My zombie style kung fu is best and will defeat you."
"Michael Jackson is reincarnated as a cat!"
"When my waiter forgets to add some drinks I ordered on to the bill"
"Beyond stupid: the tripe ball breaker stunt"
"So much winning"
"Are you done in here? Is it ok to come in now?"
"How I feel when Muslims bring up peace in an argument against atheism"
"from my favorite movie ever"
"Ummm...no thanks"
"Guys  it's Columbus Day!"
"One smug looking President you've got  America."
"How i feel watching reddit bash a religion that has the potential to react violently"
"cake day for a middle-aged man on reddit"
"Just a baby koala bear."
"breaking news! Pancakes just got sexy!"
"When a customer comes in 5 minutes before closing"
"One of many truths about the internet [x-post from /r/wtf]"
"On the Internet"
"There aren't many scalybeasts on /r/aww but these newborn twin crocs are damn cute"
"A One Thousand-Piece Bacon CheeseBurger"
"Getting a B- in Organic Chemistry  guessing on the whole final."
"Old Man Yells At Chair"
"WTF were they thinking!"
"Clint Eastwood RNC speech... Simpsons did it!"
"Clint Eastwood at the RNC"
"I bet the view from the car is super awesome"
"Crazy little thing called love"
"This little piggy went to market."
"Was Playing Saint Rows 3 When This Happened...."
"Bat Embryo"
"Super window washing"
"brb  goin to Hogwarts real quick"
"Photo of Schwarzenegger love child released to press"
"No smoking  drinking  skateboarding dogs please."
"So my family has a pet goat and  well  she isn't fond of others..."
"So my family has a pet goat and  well  she doesn't get along with others"
"Passing a classroom while they take a test."
"Always forget to buy seasoning....never forget Doritos"
"Who needs pepper when you have Doritos?"
"No kitten left behind."
"So true  Arthur. So true."
"As a big guy  trying to be sexy at the bar"
"Fucks given by this chicken? 0"
"The maturity climb."
"Radical Larry-This guy is all business all the time. Vibrates through walls  can burrow underground."
"Lapping  and lapping  and lapping..."
"The unknown doesn't have to be scary"
"Forever a stone"
"They're not all crazy. These guys get it."
"All Around the World . . ."
"Shit happens... (NSFW)"
"ACHOO!"
"So we had a bit of rain in Ireland (FIXED)"
"Gandalfstyle"
"Gandalf Style"
"&quot;When my best friend and I decide to go on a diet  and then a Domino's commercial comes on.&quot;"
"How I feel freeballing"
"this is me after deleting all the demos on my 360"
"Science!"
"Sterbercks!"
"Sterberksssss!"
"Permpkern Sperce Lahtter"
"My campus Sterbucks."
"IAMA black fellow who brings a George Foreman grill to lunch to make my grilled cheese."
"A random gif from my gif folder for my cakeday."
"Totally how I feel"
"[NSFW] Funny GIF I found on Stumbleupon made me go WTF?!"
"This girl is why we lock our men in the house"
"I instantly regret this decision!"
"Anyone has a better combo for this gif?"
"And now you know  and knowing is half the battle!!!"
"Oh  you're busy?? Good  I'll lay here."
"Cats love keyboards"
"Any love for baby porcupines?"
"My nightmare!"
"ME?"
"Hi  I'm Grandma and Welcome to Jackass."
"I'm getting some mixed messages here  dictionary..."
"&quot;It's not about the size of the face  it's about the beat of the bass.&quot;"
"Caption this pic"
"Sometimes the best description for a picture  is not having one..."
"Skull of a child growing adult teeth"
"realizing my cake day is 20 days away...and i have nothing funny to post"
"Alice Cooper &amp; Colonel Sanders"
"When my team starts to flame each other and im just watching the chat."
"I'm 7 years old too. - Imgur"
"funniest face swap I've ever seen"
"Have you ever been hit by a train?"
"man gets wrecked by train"
"Surreal Spongebob"
"Da fuck am i? Da fuck are you? Da fuck is this?"
"The GOP finally starts getting their facts right"
"Target's college &quot;essentials&quot;"
"Who lives in a pineapple under the... OH DEAR GOD!"
"I present to you: Spongebob Sparepants!"
"After the controversy on Monday night  the NFL has announced some rules changes! (X-Post from /r/calvinandhobbes/)"
"So typical"
"Isn't it the cutest banana you've ever seen?"
"Googled Banana Cat and found this..."
"Googled &quot; Banana Cat&quot; . Was not disappointed."
"The Original Redditor"
"I made an posted that GIF a year ago. ;/"
"Stare at the black dot"
"Nearly overdone  but... it fits."
"A Powerful Image."
"Sunrise for breakfast"
"The most badass gif I've seen today"
"Today is my first Cake Day. All week  this is how I imagined the day would be..."
"Image is a bit old but you have to love the guy's energy."
"Figured this would go well in /r/atheism"
"i want to ride my bike"
"Overweight luggage fees"
"Rage."
"Not sure if gusta..."
"My face after I post a link and then notice grammar mistakes."
"Perpetual Cat Device"
"They see me rollin'"
"Catception"
"Ahh  now I know"
"Saw this on r/funny and thought that it represents many churches teaching children the bible"
"How I feel getting a peice of code to work after struggling with it for hours"
"When my girlfriend finally gets her period after being 5 days late."
"How I felt when my dad got Firefox... then when he said internet explorer was better."
"When I find out the girl I like is going to the same place my friends and I are."
"when the first cup kicks in"
"HEEEEEEEY SEXY BATMAN!!!"
"Lightning  Oklahoma"
"Moose Cannon? (x-post from gifs)"
"Canadian artillery"
"Whenever Anyone Does Anything Wrong..."
"By far my favourite gif."
"When I hear &quot;I introduced my grandparents to Reddit!&quot;"
"Such a Fabulous dog"
"Seems legit..."
"For my cakeday  here's a picture of hurricane sandy that the media doesn't want you to see."
"Death Star Pumpkin Destroys Alderaan"
"Halloween - Star Wars Style....."
"Best doggy costume ever"
"Majority of my posts end like this..."
"Just getting some freak on"
"Human Ingenuity"
"Now I really want to learn Mandarin."
"me when i see two people making out in public"
"Saw this earlier this week and decided to try it(x-post from r/pics)"
"PARKOUR!"
"what it feels like to debate religion with my southern baptist family"
"world champ"
"I wish I was a dog just so I could wear this costume."
"I wish I was a dog just so I could wear this costume."
"Where is this at? Wow!"
"A Man with a huge Fish (x-post /r/pics)"
"&quot;You're fucking yourself big time and won't be missed.&quot; - Mother Gaia"
"This is what I think Mother Earth thinks about Humans."
"As a foreigner I ate at Taco Bell for the first time."
"Got this far into No Fap September and I am proud to say.."
"I've spent a year on this website"
"After a Year of reddit"
"It's official. I've spent exactly one year of my time on this site."
"I wait for the day of the zombie apocalypse!"
"Back the fuck up."
"The weapon we have all been waiting for."
"Get a load of this!"
"Get a load of this!"
"Photobomb level: Farm Animal"
"This time of the year again"
"Deadmau5"
"Deadmau5"
"taking a girl home after being single for a while"
"How I feel when people tell me to have a nice day the day of my 21st birthday."
"MFW I finally convince my friend to become a Redditor"
"As a former fat-person  my reaction everytime I'm offered &quot;Fries with that&quot;"
"So I found this. C'mon Denver"
"saw this on fifth world pics"
"I wouldn't cross him."
"Downvoting something that already has negative karma"
"He is gonna regret this."
"Miley Cirus and His Minion labled 'So this guy....'"
"sadness time"
"When I think about it  I get all soul-searchy and weird..."
"Holy Shit!"
"Rule #1."
"Rule #1."
"My friend sums up Reddit in one sentence"
"WAT?"
"Saw this on Facebook; Not sure what to think."
"The Ostrich Pillow  for all you sleepy forever aloner's out there..."
"Prophetic rabbit"
"My face when I smell my mustache."
"When I shit my pants talking to you [x-post from r/shittyreactiongifs]"
"I forgot my cake day  and this is how I'm feeling right now."
"How i feel when second page is also filled with McKayla Not Impressed meme's"
"Sad Movies: Me on the Inside"
"1 Cat + 5 Redditors"
"lolwut"
"Found this on my Dad's computer  lol wut?"
"Killer Kitty"
"Wut"
"My reaction when a radio station plays Adele"
"6 Kings"
"Cats playing ping pong."
"cats playing ping pong (better soundtrack)."
"My favorite gif  makes me so happy"
"Cookiegasm"
"I have no idea what to say for this"
"I guess Batman isn't always so serious."
"Why so serious?"
"When I realized I had been on Reddit for 8 hours"
"Washington football coach *really* enjoys the game"
"FELINE! DISRESPECT! FROM! BEHIND!"
"Every time I try to get to the front page."
"My favorite .gif"
"Cookies"
"Sports Arguments"
"i dont give a fuck"
"For your use."
"Wat."
"How to Look Like a Serial Killer"
"Guitar Lessons"
"Vader - Like A Boss"
"Preciousssss......"
"What do to when the internet is down [Refixed]"
"Signing up for classes in this day and age..."
"When Reddit or Imgur is under heavy load....."
"How I've spent my cake day so far"
"I'll just have two intestines of the strawberry thanks."
"The veteran"
"had to be done"
"Buying groceries at the end of the month"
"how if feels uploading now adays"
"I don't think this kitty appreciates this very much..."
"Pirate under the sea"
"How I feel nearing 500 karma"
"How I feel telling my friends I got to the front page."
"Telling non-redditors I made it to the front page."
"When I talk to my ex about my job "
"After gaining 100 comment karma"
"The 5 Year Old Soccer Troll"
"Hunger Games: 20 years later"
"Facebook is playing hardball now..."
"Saw this on Facebook"
"The wonders of facebook"
"The most ridiculous &quot;like/share&quot; post I have seen on Facebook ever."
"I just saw this on my Facebook. This is getting ridiculous."
"This is getting a little extreme  Facebook."
"These &quot;like and share if-&quot; photos are going too far."
"Every time I watch Storage Wars"
"Kitty...aww"
"So funny"
"me on EVERY picture in r/katebeckinsale"
"After legs day"
"Monastery in Bhutan"
"Monastery in Bhutan"
"If it fits..."
"Golden Eagle versus red fox"
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe."
"Meanwhile  in a parallel universe."
"How I feel at 23 when people tell me I'm too old to still be in college..."
"Unconventional USB drives."
"tl;dr: don't stab marines."
"Meanwhile in Scotland.."
"Keep your hands to yourself"
"Since the telemarketing business has been struggling  their persuasion methods have become more advanced."
"Stitch doesn't give a ^&amp;%$."
"SMASHING!"
"BOOM SHAKALAKA!"
"A cool memorial to Freddie Mercury"
"How half of reddit would ACTUALLY react if there was a zombie apocalypse"
"Salvador Dali"
"Warning: pun inside"
"your chest is exceptional"
"I thought i'd be forever alone...till tonight/this morning...this is all I can do"
"Since people often Google random things  I decided to Google &quot;Dog riding a shark with lasers&quot;  not what I was looking for  but I think it'll do."
"Excellent news  oh great wizard of Oz! I found a heart all by myself"
"True story"
"The ultimate Oreo"
"Okay  I'll have just ONE Oreo."
"How i feel waking up to a few up votes"
"Raves nowadays. Whoa."
"Kids these days...."
"Yes google I would like that."
"Descions"
"Onions and Coconuts"
"Ridley Scott's horse. Crosspost from r/pics."
"Fuck wasps."
"Now that it's summer..."
"Snowball Fight"
"Pic of friends cats on my newsfeed."
"iPhone 20"
"Baby Giraffe"
"How I felt when she told me she just started going out with him."
"This is how I feel sharing my cake day with Christmas"
"My reaction to the Steam Summer Sale  as someone who is broke."
"Every time I get into the shower with my wife [FIXED]"
"Fuck you and your emotional expectations."
"Raindrops"
"What? I don't even..."
"abercrombie wrestling"
"Ronald Raygun"
"How record bosses feel when you pirate their music."
"NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell on last night's controversy"
"Can your grampa do THIS?!"
"Soon"
"All Of My Wat."
"HIFW a restaurant won't serve me breakfast when I'm 1 minute late"
"Haunter used MEAN LOOK(gif)"
"My gf broke up with me today...it's my real life cake day..."
"Did You Know?"
"Did you know?"
"Africa."
"When browsing /r/WTF"
"Listening to my girlfriend tell me about her bad day. Suddenly  she drops a graphic comment about her period."
"Fixing a pipe in Venezuela"
"Every time someone tries to talk to me but I'm not wearing my HAs"
"For my cake day I am giving you my gif folder"
"Shark tank collapses in Science Center in Kuwait."
"The collapse of a shark tank at The Scientific Center in Kuwait"
"yeah  I'm just gunna.. take the stairs"
"Wild Hurricane Sandy images: Sharks swimming in the streets of New York"
"Lord Vader  the walkers have started their attack"
"Googled wasn't disappointed  was kind of disappointed."
"Mother posted this on my wall  I decided it belonged on Reddit."
"I google &quot;where is reddit&quot;"
"First I would need some friends..."
"Me trying to play QWOP"
"Four papers due on the 6th. How will I be spending the rest of my summer vacation  you ask?"
"Four papers due on the 6th. How will I be spending the rest of my summer vacation  you ask?"
"How Will presents his wife."
"Float Like a Butterfly."
"Really into arcade games.."
"Well  this is a little much"
"Green ribbons"
"No longer alone."
"I just... don't know anymore."
"Fallen Princesses by Dina Goldstein"
"Samsung - It doesn't take a genius"
"Be Like Han"
"Me playing Slender in a nutshell."
"Our basic reactions to this guy"
"How did i not see this before?!?"
"Just look at them..."
"Fuck you if you bring this into my restaurant[FIXED]"
"My reaction today in my Philosophy of Religion class when we spent an hour and half talking about how magic is real."
"After browsing the new reddit time machine for too long.."
"Finished watching LOTR trilogy (FIXED)"
"Fail? NOPE  PLANKING."
"Can't get enough of this picture"
"I don't remember Spongebob being this scary"
"Family vacation"
"Redditor disrupts military convoy  creates throwaway to reap karma 23 years later"
"Rashad Alakbarov  contemporary artist who paints with shadows and light."
"we are both atheists"
"Dr. Kloepneckler on the world's greatest engine"
"Worlds best engine"
"not the father"
"Fantastic integration of person and costume."
"Nope  not this time. (FIXED)"
"Happy Halloween."
"Fuck your cats reddit. This dog has titanium teeth and fights in wars."
"That escalated quickly."
"After reading the comments section on any website."
"I had to walk through a dance studio full of teenage girls today..."
"Mom wanted me to join her 50 shades of grey Discussion group"
"When my vegetarian sister asks if I want to stay for dinner"
"When someone says something stupid at work."
"Using my GI bill to finish school. At orientation they asked what are you excited about? some kid yelled out &quot;drugs  alcohol  and partying&quot; followed by another yelling out &quot;YOLO&quot;. my reaction...."
"The exact second my shift ends at work."
"Fuck you gravity i am a ho....please call an ambulance"
"Payback!"
"simple but effective troll"
"Please don't forget about the tremendous opportunity which lies before us all this Halloween"
"Twin Lakes in Denver  CO [1920x1080]"
"Happy 'Murica Day  Reddit!"
"No diving!"
"For many  training starts early."
"Saw this on my morning walk to class.."
"How I feel when trying to get to the front page of Reddit."
"Cat rush  oh i can look at this all day"
"9 ways guys pee"
"bill murray in the dorm"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"Accurate."
"Diver filming a sperm whale."
"Cool shot of a Man recording a Whale"
"Make Me Move Like a Freak"
"For the Sonic Fans"
"isn't it nice when things just match?"
"When my gf says her period is over..."
"Whenever someone posts facebook/youtube &quot;gold&quot; posted by their &quot;friend&quot; or &quot;random stranger&quot;"
"A lion is a cat after all."
"I searched up &quot;'MERICA&quot; on Google  was not dissapointed"
"Owl Party"
"biggest friendzone ever?"
"Aw son of A BITCH! A BOYFRIEND!?"
"A different side of the man."
"A man with a pussy."
"I know it's old  but this is still my favorite .gif of all time."
"Repost  but i couldn't find anything else to share for my cakeday  so here's my all-time favorite gif."
"Not the op of course but thought I would share the laughs"
"US Soldier surprises son when the son tells &quot;Santa&quot; what he wants for Christmas!"
"Frosty Shipwreck"
"The minnow has the last word"
"I've got two girls; fuck my life. NSFW"
"Who's the classiest person on the planet?"
"I shouldn't be wearing rainboots..."
"Hanging in There..."
"Old telephone pole"
"What the..... cat?!"
"I heard reddit likes cats"
"My cat Himmler being a silly goose"
"How I feel when browsing Reddit"
"Probably a repost but every time I need a laugh fix this does it for me."
"Gets me everytime"
"Complaining about a comments use of grammar and missing an apostrophe."
"[click click] Enhance! [click click] Enhance!"
"Looks legit"
"CSI: Modern computer technology at its best."
"When I miss the starting post in a trend"
"That moment when your girlfriend takes her birth control and you realize what those packets were on your mom's dresser 10 years ago"
"When the valedictorian at my little brothers grad ended the speech with &quot;YOLO&quot;."
"When I read /r/gonewild comments"
"Every time my dad removes his browsing history"
"The black knight"
"Someone's Grandma Being A Badass In WWII"
"Most Expensive Sunscreen Ever"
"Baby sloth holding stuffed giraffe."
"Why God Hates Religion"
"Only Atheists Go To Heaven"
"How most of Reddit about the Higgs Boson right now"
"Going in for the smooch."
"I see your multi-cultural Monopoly and raise you..."
"Gangnam Style"
"How I feel when someone cuts in line in front of me."
"When you see someone you really hate"
"this is how i feel when people bash gay people..."
"When someone makes it to the front page reposting something I already posted"
"How I feel when I see someone get more comment karma than me with only one comment."
"not sure if this has been here before  but my friend posted this picture on facebook. A cat within a cat"
"Since everyone liked Grumpy Cat here are a few more"
"-_-"
"Been searching for memes as typical text message responses. This one will work just fine."
"This is what my nightmares are made of (xpost from /r/pics)"
"What it was like growing up with three brothers."
"Found on a 4chan funny gif thread"
"Tasty"
"Owl Party"
"Ok..W..TF?"
"I wish I didn't enjoy this picture as much as I do. You will feel like a bad person after looking at this  too."
"So there was this &quot;poverty/shit station&quot; thread on 4chan... I collected all the pics"
"When I'm driving and gotta take a shit and another driver let's me go 1st at the stop sign"
"Being from a mostly white area  this is me when I'm visiting the outskirts of Los Angeles and I see another white person"
"Fuck the Police!"
"Wifi Wars - does anyone have pictures of passive aggressive network names to upload?"
"What Memes May Come"
"What a long  strange trip it's been"
"What a long  strange trip it's been"
"Suddenly  this cat is 10x more badass."
"I see your batman cat and raise you..another batman cat."
"He was not amused"
"My girlfriend's dead grandfather's dog's sibling's owner met Gabe Newell while saving this cat from religious extremists! No one likes her... Will Reddit show some love?"
"Introducing: the fascinating Cat-man"
"whenever I see something funny yet offensive"
"How I hope reddit reacts to my cake day posts"
"Death by chocolate"
"My gf drew this during class  what do you all think?"
"My girlfriends art really impresses me sometimes"
"Like a boss"
"when my teacher calls on me when i was on reddit  and i nail the answer"
"No touching."
"Words cannot describe how hard I laughed at this."
"Nom nom"
"Walk???"
"Lightning lighting up a huge cloud"
"Science"
"Science Ruins Everything"
"right there  that's the spot (x-post from /r/doggifs)"
"Hug it out"
"This is just gorgeous"
"just a cup o' cuteness"
"I god damn love pizza rolls."
"Hugh Jackman and PSY (fixed)"
"The best bed sheets EVER!"
"Biggest karma whore EVER!"
"Breaking rules 1  2  and 6"
"gotta go fast!"
"I would stick my whole wallet into my CD drive for a remake of LoZ: LttP with these graphics."
"Rude  Boo."
"Does it come in black? (Crosspost from r/pics) [945 x 635]"
"Fire crotch."
"Bartender  make it a double!"
"Why men continued to drink in 1919..."
"Now that winter is coming  this son of a bitch is going to be a pain in the ass."
"King Lebron  The Shithead."
"Mind = Blown (LG Pacman)"
"Salads are hilarious !"
"Gary Busey"
"It's my cake day  so here is a picture of a cat that I took from Google Images."
"Just adopted. Had to hire professional photographer to capture her cuteness"
"One drink limit."
"AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
"Can not stop laughing"
"This fits so much!"
"I'd like to play with this pussy"
"Well...FUCK!"
"Folding Lava - Kilauea  Hawaii"
"Folding Lava  Kilauea - Hawaii"
"Biden gets cozy with biker"
"One pup's head is another pup's seat cushion!"
"I think I will sit here..."
"Say Uncle!"
"Fatality"
"First thing I see after waking up and getting on Facebook."
"How I feel when I get a couple upvotes then 10 downvotes"
"Animals Hate Children [.gif gallery]"
"Animals Hate Children [.gif gallery]"
"Teddy Roosevelt Vs. Bigfoot (x-post from /r/shutupandtakemymoney)"
"Hey Reddit! This is a collection of 35 wallpapers. Use them as you wish  because they're certainly worth using!"
"Black Friday"
"Me when I asked a girl if she wanted to &quot;hang out&quot; tonight and she said yes"
"randomly checked my account and it turns out i've earned 180 karma from one comment after 9 months of having none"
"Would you hit it?"
"Nicolas Deen"
"It's almost as if M. Night made this himself"
"Boys in the backyard"
"Soon."
"Anyone else see the Me Gusta face??"
"Repost"
"Repost Rage"
"Repost Rage"
"I can't be the only one who saw this"
"Space pussies"
"Baby Cage"
"One of my favorite Nicolas cage pictures"
"Enjoying the Scenery"
"President Obama chased away from his desk in the Oval Office -- photo by Pete Souza"
"Fatdolf Eatler"
"One hippo destined to rule them all"
"Perhaps the best BBC News caption you will ever  ever see"
"When I get unexpected work dumped on me on Friday"
"I'm sorry  but this is still one of the best gifs out there"
"Zero fucks were given that day"
"An ultimate answer to /r/atheism"
"Saving Ryan Stiles"
"Otterball"
"True story."
"Shackles of Religion"
"Winner"
"Whenever i get in a fight with a little sibling"
"Important hydration PSA."
"Water  why you gotta go there?"
"Good Guy Obama"
"Who's the real boss?"
"Cat levitation level: Boss"
"A cat surfing on bacon in space."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson Flippin' the bird  photo shopped in an attempt to vilify him..."
"Avoid a ticket"
"How I feel after going through 5 pages of r/funny"
"How I feel tomorrow will still go for most of us..."
"about to get off work and"
"How each day of my weekend went"
"A lot of love went into making this."
"taste my sweet axe bitch"
"A tiger mother lost her cubs from premature labor. Shortly after she became depressed and her health declined. So they wrapped up piglets in tiger cloth  and gave them to the tiger. The tiger now loves these pigs and treats them like her babies."
"Don't turn around  just keep swimming!"
"Kelpthulu"
"Blew my mind [4]"
"1984"
"how i feel after i try to convince my team on LoL to pick a decent team and they dont listen so i break down and pick whoever i want"
"When my posts don't do good on reddit"
"Hmm... Interesting"
"Suspicious flashlight"
"Little face  big heart."
"Many have asked me  so here it is: full size colourized photo depicting Atom Bombing at the Bikini Atoll. Enjoy!"
"I guess it's a matter of perception."
"How he got his pants"
"I'm amazing"
"I think I'll just stick with fishing..."
"Open season... for humans! (x-post from r/gifs)"
"When I'm already full but my gf asks if I want the last slice of pizza"
"Me when I remember school is starting soon"
"Not being able to see The Dark Knight Rises until tomorrow night."
"I just realized I missed my cake day yesterday..."
"Nobody's gonna get their ass kicked"
"How I felt today. It's a Friday  and I left my job today."
"When my dad found out he was paying 70 dollars for 5MBS download speed  when he could be paying 36 for 25 MPBS"
"This is me on every god damn Monday"
"How I feel after spending an hour unsuccessfully trying to braid my own hair"
"Hurricane Sandy Canceled My Classes"
"Body check like a boss."
"So i played Poppy for the first time today...'nuff said."
"How it feels submitting an anti-obama link to /r/politics"
"You people with your armed eagles  apes  and polar bears are so cute"
"Weaponized dinos? Yes. you heard right."
"This morning on the Today Show  Kathie Lee dropped a puppy on its head."
"Haters gonna hate // Obama Edition"
"this entrance alone would be enough to put him back in office."
"My face every year as the &quot;War on Christmas&quot; debate heats up"
"Me everytime im watching truTV's &quot;Top 20 Most Shocking..&quot;"
"When the doorbell rings and I know it's the pizza guy"
"Hey Django..."
"I made front page two days in a row..."
"Our Physics Professor"
"sparky has a new home  but..."
"Drove past this place today"
"Peyto -- Canada has lots of amazing lakes  here is one of them"
"GG Obama on what he thinks of reddit"
"Just found this  thought reddit might enjoy it. (probably repost)"
"Current state of the NFL..."
"FUCK"
"Exercise Is The First Step"
"She like to move it"
"What that first workout after Thanksgiving weekend feels like"
"Lies? on the internet?"
"How to piss off your nerdy friends"
"I don't even..."
"Redneck Toddler"
"Sometimes parties can slip into the weird zone rather quickly."
"My new best friend."
"What every Redditor fears"
"Swear to God...I didn't do it!"
"Yum!"
"I went out to eat with a friend of mine last night"
"And this is why I hate my brother..."
"I'm a new teacher and every time someone asks me how much I make I feel like this"
"How I feel paying out the ass for an iphone but iMessage never working."
"Playing Civ 3 for the first time..."
"Watching videos on the internet (in a nutshell)"
"I have noticed this......"
"My thoughts on a majority of today's posts."
"what i didnt notice enough of on 11-11-11"
"these 4-panel walls"
"After looking at some &quot;Annoying Childhood Friend&quot; memes"
"Me reading 4-panel &quot;focused computer guy&quot; comics."
"am i the only one who's noticed this before?"
"Reddit Adventures: r/AskReddit"
"Usher OMG"
"Storm Trooper facebomb"
"How to deal with fads"
"Episode V: The 8-Bit Strikes Back"
"Empire in 109 frames"
"Ah ha!"
"Barbecuing for the first time"
"My new iPhone background = daily inspiration"
"The Golden Armadillo Lizard"
"Gabe gives us advice"
"Wipeout!"
"Best. Gif. Ever (X-post from /r/gifs)"
"What would happen Oct. 1 if anyone completed No Fap September"
"When I'm having dinner with people I don't know."
"That's just how he rolls..."
"You can't fuck with me."
"Mexican IED Removal..."
"Stop! Hammertime!"
"The surface tension of water [pic]"
"Surface Tension (xPost from r/pics)"
"Nailed It ?"
"Soon."
"Dat FASE!"
"Adorable!"
"The ol' spicey keychain."
"Me  trying to Karma Whore on my cake day"
"Found this squirrel near my house"
"What graduation will probably be like"
"Finally it's my cake day!"
"Please Ignore  it's just a repost of something I want to save to my Reddit."
"Jewel Caterpillar (x-post from r/wtf)"
"Classic....."
"A wild GWB appeared."
"Walked past this little guy today on campus and knew I noticed something odd.."
"Most men a couple days after starting the No-Fap Challenge"
"How I felt sitting through the Pitt / Utah game"
"When I start to read /gonewild comments"
"Playing a match of MW3 after months of BF3."
"How it feels getting on Reddit when imgur is down."
"So my brother found my Reddit account."
"After browsing WTF lately..."
"Kids..."
":P"
"Southern Lights from Space"
"How we've bought our music for the past 30 years"
"Every redditors dream"
"I'd have a goat house."
"Peacemaker missile test"
"Ice Ice Baby"
"I googled &quot;Man Baby&quot;... I was quite happy with the results."
"Dexter's Big Bang Theory? Mind = Blown"
"Dexter's Big Bang"
"Silhouette Illusion"
"What is Rick Santorum so scared of?"
"Whenever I wake up to upvotes in the morning"
"Watching deadwood this is how i feel."
"People from Bali"
"After watching the Gangnam Style video"
"As a 25 year-old student when family asks what they should get me for my birthday"
"Enough"
"When Reddit asked if I wanted sausage for dinner"
"So I carefully cut off the bottom..."
"Found this on the way home from the bank today."
"OMGCOCAINE"
"Lindsay Lohan wearing a bear suit."
"I shed a tear..."
"This was a tough decision.."
"So close."
"Sick Fuckers"
"We are the 77%"
"Really?! 16%!"
"A tough choice..."
"Took me 4 hours to decide which one  but I finally did."
"Betty just step over the rope"
"The classical elements."
"Response I get from my friends when I pass an ice cream parlor"
"Having a bad day?"
"Cap Lincoln"
"Sneaky Bastards..."
"Be my neighbor"
"When my girlfriends mom cooks for us"
"I JUST WANTED TO TRIFORCE AND YOU CUNTS HAVE RUINED MY LIFE"
"Buzz Aldrin punching a conspiracy theorist in the face like a boss[gif]"
"Buzz Aldrin - How you like me now?"
"I'll totally do this if my gut gets big enough"
"He's cruel like that"
"This is how I feel today when my karma reached its third digit."
"What it feels like now that its my first cakeday"
"The importance of flossing is learned early."
"When I think my post will go to the frontpage"
"They just realized he was banging all 3 of them."
"Hold my beer  I'm going to record audio of this plane's low pass flyby.. [xpost from r/audioengineering]"
"How NOT to record audio of a plane's low pass flyby [xpost from r/audioengineering]"
"mfw I realize I am going to be away when the GW2 Beta starts."
"The moment I press submit and realize my Reddit comment has a typo in it."
"Knight on a chess board (x-post from woahdude gifs gaming etc)"
"Oops"
"NOPE!"
"Jew silly goose."
"I'm only in my mid 20s but already feel like this"
"Police Pup"
"The Greeks contributed many things to our culture"
"When my post is about to be down voted to hell and someone makes a funny comment"
"How reddit responds to a bad post that I made. (Possibly NSFW)"
"Myth BUSTED"
"Myth busted!"
"I thought reddit might get a kick out of this"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Happy little guy."
"Surfin' OSU"
"Meanwhile in Bangkok (Pun intended)"
"Moving on up!"
"The Glorious European Scientific Union"
"imgur roullete = cunt punch"
"The moment when the alarm wake you up in the morning"
"Seeing content of mine  re-posted  on the front page."
"The Perfect Fashion Statement?"
"Found this on fb today. Maybe there's hope for the rest of us."
"One does not simply get out of the friend zone...."
"How i think of Environmentalists"
"paradise"
"This is Bosnia and Herzegovina."
"Flying Owl"
"After having dinner at a shady Indian food place."
"MFW I found out Science can turn stem cells into Bacon."
"Elvis Bacon"
"mugged"
"▂▃▄▅▆▇█▓▒░B҉i҉l҉l҉ M҉u҉r҉r҉a҉y҉░▒▓█▇▆▅▄▃▂"
"The good ol' days"
"Excuse me  coming through..."
"Saw this on a scuba diving website"
"smoked chicken"
"You shouldn't smoke"
"Yes. Nope."
"Typical Thursday night."
"Dr. Fishcken will fuck you up"
"waking up early"
"hungover today  this is exactly how i feel right now"
"yesterday the president came to town. a local business decided to send the secret service a message."
"I can't explain this [x-post from r/funny]"
"My name is Wade Wilson. I'm a dick."
"Shark Week: Reddit Edition"
"Searched Catfish on google. Was not dissappointed."
"'Murica! Fuck tornadoes."
"'Merica! (Currently being spread in Dallas)"
"hey goat  ima boop your head!"
"When my girlfriend's not in the mood"
"Redditor posted this gif as &quot;when my wifes not in the mood&quot;"
"Should I care?"
"soon"
"When I try to explain reddiquette and I get downvoted."
"This .gif helped me get an A on a class presentation"
"On June 5th 1989 the Unknown Rebel stood in front of a column of tanks rolling into Tiananman Square. Today i found out that this iconic photo is just a cropped version of the original. This really shows the scope of just how fearless he was."
"I sent 2 friends to /r/spacedicks without having actually been there myself ... then I went there"
"Ginger jokes are kind of funny."
"I was unaware such a day existed!"
"Hampster Bates"
"How I feel as a Redditor in Eastern North Carolina with the global Reddit meetup this weekend."
"Anything you can do  I can do better!"
"Just a cat. Chilling."
"Yeah  cat  good idea!"
"Careful..."
"Shouldn't Christians..."
"I've been thinking for the past 5 minutes.."
"if cinderella's shoe fit so well..."
"On losing a job..."
"Food for thought."
"I can't stop laughing when I watch this gif"
"Not again."
"Oh no  not again..."
"Aww shit!"
"Sleeping baby otter"
"Upon discovering r/clopclop"
"I got it!!!"
"Hay Gurl Hayyy"
"I made another map. This time it's of the world  and I hope it is offensive to every single one of you."
"When I see a hilarious post and find out in the comments it was a repost. [fixed]"
"The origins of DuckFace (X-Post from r/WTF)"
"Insest is the solution! (x-post from /r/funny)"
"God Hates Fags"
"Every time I see a post from reddit on facebook"
"My reaction to the Mass Effect 3 ending..."
"What I imagine my girlfriend's reaction was when she accidentally sent a picture of her boobs to her boss instead of me."
"How I feel now that shower beers are the new ice soap"
"Stupid Teacher. OH SNAP"
"When i upvote a negtaive post"
"How I feel trying to start a subreddit"
"United States Space Missions"
"Tetris Showdown"
"Beating Tetris Like a Boss"
"If this doesn't belong here I do not know where it does!!!!"
"Why I don't click on posts that have &quot; How I feel right now&quot; or &quot; How I feel about blah blah&quot; in the title."
"New addition to the Reddit Karma Store"
"What to get a redditor for Christmas"
"The Coat of Reddit - Imgur"
"Anyone knows the source of this? It looks like it started like a joke but not for one of them..."
"What is the source of this gif?"
"This is definitely a repost  but this pic always makes me giggle. Just want to share the laughter."
"How I felt when I saw a little piece of cake next to my name"
"Hai-YA!"
"Who else would do this?"
"This is probably one of the better tattoos I've seen."
"What I imagine when I hear people waiting in line for the new iphone"
"I have no words. I feel embarrassed and ashamed FOR him."
"I leff ragemaker open when my girlfriend was using my laptop and this is what i came back to"
"Fly Rage!"
"Fruit Ninja in Real Life"
"well atleast they tried"
"Been here a while  and only just found the Reddit Preferences"
"No way"
"What Would Sam Harris do?"
"I wish someone would have told me this before I deconverted. It would have saved a lot of time and many friendships."
"Consumer society."
"mfw my boss accidentally calls a phone sex operator on speakerphone in an important meeting"
"When it hits"
"I'll take my coffee Gangnam Style."
"Those Emotional Scars"
"Haters gonna hate"
"I have no idea what's going on here"
"I have no idea what they're doing"
"How I feel browsing the endless /New"
"Whenever someone says something good about Romney on reddit"
"It's been two years and I really don't remember anymore."
"The no fuck giving lvl 80 badass."
"Nature is smiling"
"I like making wallpapers for you guys. [Original Content]"
"Liftoff"
"Beautiful Shuttle Launch"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Gorilla eating a taco."
"I told you I was Batman"
"Hey r/atheism"
"Jesus"
"Women puts peanut butter on genitals and lets the dog lick it ALL off"
"Well  you do..."
"Album of a dog being raped by a horse [NSFW]"
"What I thought when I heard people were actually cutting themselves for Bieber."
"A baby fox. That is all."
"The stopwatch on my Iphone that I once turned on. (still counting)"
"Nearly 3 years ago  I accidentally left the stopwatch running on my iPhone 3GS. Today  on my iPhone 4  it's still ticking away."
"Checking the stopwatch after 46 days"
"I have a time traveling ipod..."
"I see your 7100 hours and raise you mine..."
"My battery was dying fast too."
"Frog with eggs"
"A male jawfish mouthbrooding eggs"
"How I feel now that America leads the medal count..."
"some flies fucking by the window"
"Pretty much sums me up when I get out of a relationship"
"We're all going to hell."
"Balancing Things On Highly Trained Pet"
"seriously katie"
"When gay people are made fun of."
"I apologize if this is a repost  but it's looks like Drake has set Darwinism into motion."
"Where's Jesus? Have you found him?"
"Can you find Jesus?"
"Partaking in any physical activity whatsoever."
"What is that? oh shit oh shit OH SHIT OH SHIT OH SHIT!"
"Unique"
"I've never seen a bunny so content"
"Doing our best to educate good"
"Ninja &amp; Yolandi: Family"
"Cute... Cute... Cute... wait what?"
"Oh Facebook!"
"That looks a little unhealthy  if you ask me.."
"any love for my husky puppy? He just turned 2~ [First]"
"cute doggie earned a treat"
"Have you ever been so pissed off that you...."
"Just in time for election."
"Female redditor sees posts about diablo 3 and stages a photo with a cake  to get upvotes from gamers."
"Cuddling"
"How I felt the first time riding my bike w/o hands"
"Whenever I try to dance at a bar..."
"ROFL"
"That is one happy-ass seal!"
"ROTFLMAO (seal)"
"This showed up in my facebook news feed (possible repost)"
"partying hard"
"Someone has been playing Red Faction  I see..."
"Weightwatchers in Africa"
"Just a pinch..."
"Tracy Morgan: Reddit's hero"
"I know this is a repost but I wanted to share that I just said it to my professor"
"Darth Rae Jepsen"
"Googled &quot;GGG&quot;. Not what I expected. [x-post from r/funny]"
"GGGGG!"
"Has anyone the source of this gif?"
"My reaction to hearing about Rosie O'Donnell having a heart attack"
"Thanks for bringing r/wtf back to it's roots."
"My friend found this at school..."
"Drinking Problem"
"Drinking Problem"
"chair prank"
"Keg Stands are Next  Grandma."
"Hypno Owl"
"Laughing Idi Amin"
"My boss just asked me to work late."
"Me when I saw the news about Arrested Development."
"I searched for America on Google and this was the first thing that showed up"
"Just a beautiful picture from Norway!"
"You know  that song"
"People really are that ignorant."
"When someone leaves the box in the pantry with nothing in it"
"When I See My Ex Across the Street (fixed)"
"I must have one!!"
"Floatin alone"
"T-Rex Anxiety"
"The result of my cat laying on my iPad and taking a picture of himself."
"Dubcat"
"The rare AwwNope"
"The rare AwwNope"
"Not all pet costumes are adorable..."
"A costume idea my mother spun up for my puppy!"
"Like a sir"
"Wow (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Nots"
"The Chicken or The Egg?"
"&quot;You seeing what I'm seeing...?&quot;"
"Big Tex on Fire"
"Big Tex burns down - Texas State Fair"
"Texas State Fair Becomes Burning Man Festival"
"Today is a sad day at the Texas State Fair. RIP Big Tex"
"Big Tex  Texas State Fair icon  burns up"
"Goodbye Big Tex"
"Started playing Trine 2."
"What the absolute hell?"
"forever alone::level shower"
"Fresh Prince"
"I just had to bring childhood into it..."
"This is called humanity."
"Beard mentor needed"
"Don't sleep where you eat"
"Real live QWOP"
"God of Fertility"
"Upvote building"
"Whenever I see a political attack ad..."
"How I felt after going to yoga for my first time."
"After watching gangnam style 100 times  this still makes me laugh"
"You are now gay."
"My reaction when my best friend went home with the hottest girl in the bar"
"I didn't know how to get there  so I went spiderman.."
"This guy knows how to climb. (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"OooOoo"
"Star Wars LOL"
"There is no &quot;I&quot; in Team?"
"I need to know what this is from."
"Only in the Navy."
"The ORIGINAL photo-bomber."
"My favorite photo bomb"
"Shut up and take my money"
"USA! USA! USA!"
"DAT MURICAN ASS"
"America the beautiful"
"Am I doing it right?"
"Saw this floating around on /r/Christianity"
"How I feel when I ask my girlfriend how her day went."
"March 1  2012 at 12:00:05 AM"
"Every time i try to put ketchup on my food  this happens."
"pouring salt into the wound"
"Swag"
"Your turn  hipsters."
"If you think the famous hamburger bed was good  other options exist. The description has me sold."
"Grab my hand"
"When friends try to catch up to my level."
"Don't judge a book by it's cover"
"So I just post a picture of a cat and get karma? Is that how my cakeday works?"
"r/pics apparently doesn't like Cake Days. So  here's a funny for you instead r/funny."
"Adolf Kitler"
"Mein Kat"
"The numbers might be a little skewed  but the impact is the same."
"Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson crowd surfing"
"PANDA SLIDE"
"Just remembered I booked off a shift today for no reason 3 months ago for a surprise to myself."
"Shocknam Style"
"How I feel after reading all the information about the Higgs boson..."
"From the creators of QWOP comes... QWOP-A-BALL!"
"Moo bitch - Imgur"
"the nightmare that is increased productivity"
"Can't Wait to Read the President's AMA!"
"What the President saw all day..."
"How I experienced the Obama AMA"
"I really enjoyed Obama's AMA today!"
"All i got to see during the Obama AMA"
"Sums up the Obama AMA"
"This how I'm viewing the Obama AMA..."
"Stop."
"This is your captain speaking."
"Everytime I'm at a buffet"
"Las Vegas Slots vs Electronic Voting Machines"
"x-post from r/funny. Doin Thangs."
"wipeout"
"I'll just leave this here...."
"Haven't seen any of these little guys around here lately"
"Seaside  the Jersey Shore"
"Seaside  New Jersey - Sandy Aftermath"
"Just found these hidden away in a box"
"i keep it real too"
"Nice shirt"
"Well played  psych exam...[Fixed]"
"This would be amusing if I didnt know that there are people that think this is the truth."
"This just in..."
"Driving &amp; Shaving Don't Mix"
"Amazingly  my teenage son is waking up early every morning this summer to do chores!"
"The synonymous reaction to 95% of all deaths on online shooters"
"The synonymous reaction to 95% of all deaths on online shooters"
"My reaction to reddit's lack of a cake day reminder."
"Nobody knows"
"Get in here"
"Get in here chicken!"
"I Can't Stop"
"How I felt when I was a ten year old."
"Louis CK just hanging out"
"Well where else would he keep it?"
"The Creation of Adam?"
"I must go. Tony Hawk's home planet needs me."
"I must go  my people need me."
"Found this in a random subreddit. I think it belongs here."
"...I Love You."
"Sink Cat is Thirsty"
"be thirsty my friend"
"What's the worst gift you've ever received?"
"Fuck you textbook"
"Kitty jump. Kitty swipe."
"Oh Vernon."
"How I feel about my cake day being 7 days away"
"Lunch at college.. Every Day."
"Most Attractive Photo on the Internet? Challenge Accepted"
"Creationists always say stuff like this."
"Sky below  Earth above."
"Been saving this one for my Reddit birthday."
"Like a bus"
"Like a bussss"
"Bus."
"Like a bus"
"What? I don't even..."
"Damn Dad!"
"Still one of my favourite photoshops"
"Heeeeey sexy farmers!"
"Gangnam Style."
"OP Gamnan Style"
"Mom made pizza rolls."
"Not sure if David Akers reaction to record tying field goal or o-face"
"The real reason we all need to stop using emoticons"
"What in the hell is that Teletubby doing?"
"I always smile when I see pictures of the two of them. The Obamas are so cute together!"
"This picture has a great potential of becoming a new meme  a very funny one."
"Knock knock"
"ABC News &amp;"
"Perseverance"
"Helping get wtf back to wtf"
"HOLD UP"
"When I saw all the sales on steam"
"Bring it on."
"Even more rare than the Golden Tiger...The Maltese Tiger aka the Blue Tiger  thought to be extinct."
"The Five Stages of Incessant Pop Music"
"Salsa dancing dog (x-post from r/gif)"
"An Irish Jig"
"Classy photo with incredible centerpiece. (r/pics)"
"I don't know who you are.."
"&lt;3"
"I love the detail in the nails"
"Motala the Elephant getting into the prosthetic she now wears having lost her leg to a land mine in 1999"
"How I imagine those who approve SOPA..."
"When I still have time left during an exam  but nothing left to say."
"How I felt after buying my first Mechanical Keyboard"
"Road Workers' Coffee Break (by Erik Johansson)"
"Hard at work..."
"WTF  how often does she do this  they are huge."
"i GUESS it looks comfy...."
"Mind = Blown"
"I did not expect that"
"AAAHHHHH....MOOOOO"
"Hmm  tastes like..."
"Just a baby walrus."
"Ricky Gervais on Independence Day"
"I know I have my friends till the end...."
"How musical artist should care about his music (xpost from /r/music because of a bot banning this picture by error)"
"Living in Oklahoma is so exciting"
"Either Redbox reads every tweet written about them  or they're only stalking me."
"Justin Bieber"
"Came out as an atheist to my grandma  she sent me this email"
"Inspired by a post in /askreddit today"
"My favourite gif of all time!"
"Romney v. Burns"
"Mr. Romney or Mr. Burns?"
"Supercell thunderstorm forming into a wall cloud"
"Ash Kimchum"
"This always brings a smile to my face"
"Stop washing machine abuse"
"I'll dance with you for an upvote  sure."
"How i feel when my post starts of good then gets destroyed"
"poor Fred."
"How I feel while reading the Obama IAMA"
"My reaction when I watched porn for the first time"
"A picture of a sunset  on Mars."
"EA wants Minecraft on Origin  you say?"
"LA Noire on Easy Mode"
"boop"
"boop"
"Mwah"
"I wish my cat loved me like this"
"Parents of the day"
"Cumming back from their trip!"
"Just a basket of Awwww..."
"We're where  again? Some perspective."
"One picture that always blows my mind"
"Up  up and away!"
"Up  up and away!"
"How it feels posting to reddit..."
"Not as simple as a tennis ball it seems"
"Boston terrier vs. ball"
"In a swedish castle there's a lion from 1731 who was stuffed by a taxidermist who had never seen a lion."
"My friend sent me this picture today  I felt like it described everyone one Reddit."
"My life."
"The little kid covers his ears like he knows the cake is about to explode"
"kid gets owned with string and fire at B-day party"
"Cocaine Is One Helluva Drug"
"i'm trying to be a teacher  and people keep asking me if i got a job yet"
"During No Fap September."
"Destrehan Plantation  New Orleans"
"Greatest. Classified. Ever! 1995 Pontiac Grand Am GT."
"This guy knows how to sell a car."
"Silly Internet Explorer"
"The Salsa Dog"
"Simpsons Christmas Cards"
"That looks safe"
"Years from now when our children ask us  &quot;What did we do after 9/11?&quot; we shall explain it to them using this..."
"If you could turn karma into money."
"Evolution Chart - Bacteria to humans in only 3.5 billion years."
"This is what happens when you spend $20 on a tattoo. . ."
"Blastoise  Use Hyper-beam!"
"You guys have probably seen this one  but it makes you smile nonetheless."
"Still both the cutest and saddest GIF I've seen."
"Around the world"
"When?"
"I know your secret!"
"He's right  you know."
"MY reaction when I found out the guys at my gym are redditors."
"My face when I realize I'm still logged into my works Youtube/ Imgur accounts whilst browsing /WTF"
"My Heart Just Melted"
"Firing a gun underwater"
"Dogs:1 Humans:0"
"Jessica Alba finger sucking."
"If Pong were originally released in the app store"
"I got this after refreshing Happy Wheels"
"Proof."
"Always keep your faith up!"
"It makes so much sense. It was a documentary after all..."
"[first gifSound] AM I DOING THIS RIGHT?"
"My reaction when something I post gets an upvote"
"Never Gonna Dance Again"
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"The dopest walrus"
"After the hurricane  how I feel getting power / reddit back"
"I'm pretty happy how I handled this wrong number text."
"My new puppy isn't potty trained."
"My friend's brother rational on who to vote for!"
"this is what rain looks like in the air"
"Yo Dawg I heard you liked Toms..."
"0_0 (xpost from r/gifs)"
"my reaction when i found out i got a 4.0 this semseter"
"When someone tells me they have never seen the film white chicks"
"When my brother eats the last slice of pizza"
"Every Black Friday morning shopping on Newegg &amp; Amazon..."
"I love me some Fronds"
"How to take a school photo"
"Girlception. Thats all."
"Raccoon plays water harp."
"Worst placed drinking fountain."
"Yogurt?"
"Level 100 Pikachu"
"How I feel when any insect buzzes by me."
"Came across my FB Feed this morning. Spread the picture in hopes of someone identifying this bastard."
"You will never own this  and I'm sorry."
"↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A"
"When i'm at a friend's house and his mother starts yelling at him."
"When an asshole replies to my comment and everyone starts downvoting their reply."
"Asian parents: doin' it right"
"UUUGHHH. It hurts so fucking much reading this."
"Me after taking a large amount of Ecstacy"
"Curiosity  the Mars rover  sends a self-shot back to Earth."
"Baby Koala"
"This can't be real  right?"
"It's my 1 year Reddit birthday so Ill just leave this here"
"a bouquet of kittens"
"A bunch of kittens."
"Trypophobia trigger  making your skin crawl one pore at a time."
"I was actually looking away while uploading this image cause it was too wtf"
"you're doing it wrong."
"Oh SH*T"
"I don't always prank my gf but when I do  I put her volume on max"
"Reading the Bible for &quot;morality&quot;"
"Logged onto reddit  missed POTUS AMA...by 5 min"
"After my first visit to r/spacedicks"
"I don't know why I think this is so hilarious  but I do."
"Me as a new Redditor whenever I get one upvote"
"Breathtaking view of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars"
"View of the Milky Way from the surface of Mars. Absolutely breathtaking."
"I'm like a bird"
"Reddit."
"Monkey Orchid - A flower that truly looks like it's name"
"How I feel when I'm about to fill an empty stomach"
"Happy 75th Birthday Bill Cosby"
"Haters gonna hate circa 1782"
"Once you see it...."
"Once you see it...."
"Don't fuck with grandma."
"Walk Away"
"It was rather windy in Britain today."
"A pile of bison skulls in the 1870s. This is despicable"
"What redditors do when their internet connection is down."
"To the person who sold my 80 year old grandmother a smart phone"
"Amazing lighting storm"
"Way too much WTF going on to even attempt to explain"
"As someone who used to get up at 3AM for work  here's my response to the 8AM class thing."
"suprised kitten"
"Broccoli Noms"
"It's supposed to be funny but made me go awww"
"face bantage"
"I have no words for this..."
"I love how she still has the glasses on!"
"The Morning After"
"Chicago Skyline at Sunset"
"I Just Want a Hug..."
"Cwtch"
"This is how you take a picture [from 1920s]"
"When the GF suggests 69."
"Its my cakeday"
"It's my Cake Day and I don't own a cat."
"All Glory to the Hypnotoad"
"Yeah  ummm... I'll just walk."
"Cats and Drugs: the perfect mix"
"3"
"Yes  it's possible."
"My first attempt  the original image was posted to r/pics quite a while back  by POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS  thought this was quite relevant."
"You're drunk."
"Doing nothing every day."
"Successfully asking out a girl"
"When I get 5 upvotes on a post."
"reaching 5 karma"
"That grab"
"Like a boss"
"Who knew a running duck was so adorable?"
"It wants an upvote"
"Cat on Acid"
"What I look like when someone tells a joke that's not funny but everyone laughs anyway"
"My face as a Canadian on this Subreddit."
"How I feel seeing my catholic parents pissed off about the pope scandal."
"if you have a insect phobia this will fuck up your day[nsfw] maybe cause it's gross"
"Ever get an itch on your foot? (nsfl)"
"Dirty Harry [Fixed]"
"&quot;Hey  there's no information about killing birds in here!&quot;"
"Why you should wear a helmet."
"My reaction when I found out self-posts don't give Karma."
"Seems legit."
"Snoop Dog in a count costume your argument is invalid."
"How old were you when you started shaving your bear? I just shaved mine."
"&quot;Yes.&quot;"
"Talent"
"OMAIGAWD NSFW!!!!!"
"How to Ride a Bike"
"Toss the evidence!"
"Trying to teach my parents how to use computer."
"My Favorite WTF Gif"
"Parenting at its best"
"Fear me!"
"Chewbacca Puppy"
"Adorable overload."
"Justice League  ready for action"
"The King of Class"
"College in a nutshell (FIXED)"
"You know it's college finals season when..."
"I've been seeing this all day  we're going to need to start voting some people off."
"A redditors worst nightmare!"
"Can't help but feel sorry for him"
"The Dark Hedges in Antrim  Ireland."
"How I feel when on Facebook..."
"you're not on the guest list"
"When I first discovered Reddit"
"I post on Reddit. I leave the house for a couple hours. I come back. 500 upvotes. My Exact Reaction:"
"who wouldn't hug this cute little devil"
"Beefeater"
"how I see 50 shades of grey"
"That's not how you tip..."
"I want one."
"Whale Kiting"
"What I do when people talk over me."
"What kind of construction do you do?"
"Everyone has their specialty"
"How to pick up chicks"
"How I feel as a nurse when I see wounds on /r/WTF"
"Cyanide and Happiness"
"hey guys"
"Skills: She has it [FIXED]"
"Just saw my girlfriend and my ex-girlfriend having a conversation on each others walls"
"My dog knocked and the door to show me what he found."
"When somebody ends your long killstreak  but with an impressive killcam. (Online Gaming)"
"The girl with de avengers montage"
"Suit up boys..."
"When I try to look cool in front of popular people"
"Shit just got real."
"I don't care how old this is  it still makes me laugh (First Post!)"
"Found on r/Patriots"
"Very photogenic football player Brandon Lloyd"
"Mine."
"Mine!"
"I found a photo of my cousin as a baby. I don't think he wanted his picture taken.."
"Everyone on r/aww"
"NYC subways submerged in hurricane Sandy flood waters"
"Rough night with Palmela"
"Came home at a [7] and found this open in Photoshop when I woke up.. Not sure what I had in mind for it."
"New monkey species discovered in the congo! Has very human-like facial features..."
"Slumber Party Court"
"My little brother's homework. I've taught him so well."
"One picture can tell the whole story."
"This actually made me say aww irl"
"Got you!"
"its my first cake day and my 24th birthday so here is my favorite cat gif"
"At the club"
"What doesn't kill me..."
"Hayfever is coming"
"When was the last time you were this happy. Never. You have never been this happy."
"You guys just make me so happy!"
"Interesting"
"Who  Doctor Who."
"Hulkamania is gunna run wild on you.. (possible repost)"
"Must Be Small Then..."
"Just a reminder from Frog and Toad..."
"malicious joy"
"This is what happens when two falcon punches connect"
"Another hilarious pic of the Swedish Royal Family."
"Princess Madeleine of Sweden didn't leave the stove on. She just figured out what's up."
"This is the picture i used to describe Reddit to my sister. Think it does the sight justice?"
"Just a badass fisherman celebrating Halloween"
"What did they tell this baby?"
"D'aww!"
"Every time I see a hot girl in the summer."
"Procrastinating"
"What completely losing your shit feels like."
"Dickish boss just announced he's stepping down."
"partypigeon"
"Not entirely sure this belongs here but it's still funny..."
"I want one too!"
"My neighbors are taking this especially hard."
"Sat down at a bar  got a burger and brew. Guy overhears my order and gets the same exact thing."
"When A Game Goes On Sale The Day After You Buy It"
"I got tired of seeing the small version of this gif so I made a higher quality one"
"Fire up the ovens  Muffin Man! We got a big order to fill."
"With the enough Cat Karma comes great powers.."
"Cat Wizardry (X-post from r/aww)"
"Cool guys never look."
"I want to walk away from an explosion to this song."
"How I eat when I'm home alone"
"Einstein &amp; Bohr chillin': What might they say/think?"
"Niels Bohr with Albert Einstein"
"Couple of bad asses debating"
"I think this deserves to be on r/aww"
"She percolatin'"
"Someone put skimmed milk in my coffee today."
"When I saw the commercial for Honey Boo Boo"
"Browsing R/Facepalm"
"A dog's diary VS a cat's diary"
"Then i told the officer..."
"Happy MLK day"
"MLK Jr. fighting the good fight"
"View of the eyewall of Hurricane Katrina taken on August 28  2005 by a NOAA P-3 &quot;Hurricane Hunter&quot;."
"One of my favourite pictures - so serene..."
"Handicapped? Stand still for a moment"
"Went to poop at work... Forgot my phone."
"How I feel being on Reddit for a year and the only posts that have gotten me Karma are X-posts"
"after making it to the front page  how i feel about my posts that do not make it"
"Finding out that cute girl you been talking to hates cats..."
"His smile makes it that much harder to leave each morning"
"assembly"
"Jeremy Clarkson &amp; James May"
"Top Gear."
"Swag? What is swag?"
"A 13 million dollar bank deposit found in a cafe  with a message"
"$12 810 611.09"
"I dont know about you guys but i would hire this guy in a heartbeat."
"Just be..."
"When other girls say they don't masturbate."
"I F***ing love midgets...and wrestling."
"Fuck you I'm a dog"
"You did what with Mozart? (X-post from r/youtubecomments)"
"A wild Orochimaru appeared!"
"Kate style!"
"no  its the beer thats addicted to me"
"Ghost dog"
"you are what you eat!"
"How I feel when people make posts on the HiRez forums in favor of flag drag"
"Yeah. That sounds about right."
"How I feel when I get upvotes in WTF?!?"
"I just had sex"
"Me trying to get my balls un-stuck from my leg"
"Me during every argument with the GF"
"Aliens.[NSFW]"
"Luckiest Man Alive"
"today is your lucky day  you're not going to die!"
"Emma being spun"
"Found a leaked picture of the new Ironman 3 movie...smh..."
"Alright guys  Obamagician."
"This is how I feel when ever I scroll down my newsfeed."
"No fap semptember is a bust"
"The first thing that came to mind after seeing multiple Facebook friends get engaged this weekend"
"Mind fucked"
"A good lesbian..."
"A mate spotted this tonight!"
"Forgive me  my dear  but I suspect that  whatever action you are attempting  you are going about it incorrectly."
"Landing on my feet is overrated"
"Abra Kadabra!"
"I don't really know what to say about this"
"Magic Abortion!"
"Not sure if it's a repost  but does anyone know the source of this?"
"Magic Fetus Trick"
"Life of a Whale Biologist"
"The Raveinator is back"
"How I feel when this gif gets reposted [FIXED]"
"Anyone else freaked out by the guys eyes in the back?"
"For all the people coming over from the &quot;what is the best gif that you have seen&quot; thread..."
"Repost"
"Pretty sure the guy on the left is waiting for the camera to go away so he can resume trying to see her ass."
"I dont even know..."
"So I heard Reddit likes leggy brunettes..."
"well hello ther- oh....oh my..."
"All this face swapping nonsense needs to be cleaned up"
"It would have to be at night."
"i see your cute husky high hive and raise you..."
"I see your cute husky high five and raise you..."
"And he did indeed"
"As a Libertarian  how I feel about the upcoming election"
"Whenever I see a couple arguing in public."
"When I realise I haven't been on reddit all day"
"When I open my favorite salad dressing bottle and it lacks the plastic o-ring limiter"
"dis gon be gud..."
"When I see a Russian video on Youtube"
"What am I looking at?"
"Raving Redditor"
"seriously the best picture on the internet."
"Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!"
"Just Remember "
"Spider-Man can't handle the intensity"
"Spider-Man can't handle the awesome sound quality"
"First game in Cat Olympics - Shot Put"
"Suplex!!"
"Still a better love story than Twilight."
"Is this what we've come to?"
"Picard's thoughts on the new Islam trend"
"When my 3 year old tells me my 8 week old wants to watch a movie..."
"This has been bothering me for awhile. To the guy Pink's wife was having an affair with in the wall..."
"When a Doctor Asks If I am Sexually Active When my Mother is in the Room"
"Seriusly  why is this happening?"
"Before we start posting desktop screencaps"
"Almost there..."
"That impossible to scratch spot [GIF]"
"You better watch who you're calling a child"
"The SHIT SHIT SHIT just got more controlled."
"No  you did not Jesus."
"Sean Lee Destroyed By Golden Tate"
"When my iPhone dies at 5% battery"
"If you havin' baby problems I feel bad for you  son. **Goes strait to heck.**"
"Just a boy and his cat."
"I find these two oddly fitting"
"When I'm watching my parents use the computer"
"Me  when I was deleted from my long time friend's facebook after he was recently baptized."
"So I called into Fox News Radio today and got through. This is how I felt throughout the phone call."
"How I feel meeting a foreign girl who speaks 5 languages"
"Nathan Fillion posted his IAmA in r/Denver"
"Me when my theology teacher starts talking bad about atheist..."
"My reaction when I find out my little brother who has been on reddit a week has more karma than me after a year"
"When I'm overwhelmed with the amount of ignorance in my FB news feed  and I know responding will do no good."
"HIFW i'm in a heated argument and get proven wrong"
"As long as you have your health..."
"Thinking Positively"
"Exasperating."
"When they ban Mentos  the Terrorists have won."
"Yeah  That Just Happened.."
"You're doing it wrong"
"Cicada Molting [gif]"
"Grossest thing ive ever seen"
"A molting cicada."
"Had to look twice!"
"Election night party gets wild"
"PARTY HARD!"
"When I listen to my favorite song in the car"
"Karma jumped from 2 to 20 overnight"
"You can't trust those monkeys.."
"This baby will grow up to be..."
"Bad Parenting."
"Mother of the year"
"Can we please sterilize people who do this to their kids?"
"Found this on my news feed just now  I don't even"
"Saw this photo on my newsfeed. WTF?"
"Just another normal day on my facebook  teenage parents failing. Badly."
"Any information on this bong baby? It's all over my news feed on FB."
"My 2lb kitten vs my 100lb dog"
"Russian Airlines"
"the dance that goes with every song"
"There's no bad time for tea."
"Bush Thriller"
"What it was like having only interns in the office today"
"Who's unnatural now?"
"Fucking Poop."
"Star Wars PedoBear"
"Star Wars PedoBear"
"Ewoks are very...friendly."
"I looked up &quot;funny gifs&quot; and found this...."
"House on a river"
"From /r/Trees"
"I laughed more than I should have"
"Well I fucked your mom!"
"Jackie Chan vs. Sauron"
"I love cats"
"My face when I realized it was my cakeday."
"When someone eating cheetos goes near my electronics"
"When the professor calls on me as I'm daydreaming..."
"The look on my bestfriend and I's faces when we discovered we're both redditors"
"getting rid of snakes"
"Double NOPE !"
"Mexican Swat team"
"Fuck the Police"
"How OP was created"
"Snorlax causin' hella traffic and shit"
"R-AWWWW-RRR"
"RAHHHH! C:"
"Wiggle wiggle wiggle [FIXED]"
"So that's how they work!"
"This just popped up while playing image roulette on imgur."
"Only dance I've ever learned in my whole life."
"The only dance worth learning. [x-post r/Gifs]"
"In honor of my cakeday  here's some nostalgia."
"This was a huge part of my childhood"
"Woop Woop Woop Woop!"
"How most submissions to reddit go"
"Recovery Rest for the Little Guy"
"Group photo at formal party"
"Skill level: Mouse"
"whenever a title says &quot;be gentle&quot;"
"Chiller Ipad"
"Apple's suing logic"
"Finally back home."
"Introducing Cat Swanson"
"seduction... you are doing this right!"
"When my buddies ask why I can't go to the Strip Club drunk with them anymore"
"McDonald's in Follansbee  WVa decided to celebrate the election today."
"Repost from r/politics  This is the McDonalds in Follansbee  WV. I get being upset Romney lost  but no need to be disrespectful!"
"Follansbee  WV McDonald's after the election results."
"come at me bro"
"R/adviceaninals today"
"Working on a Friday before a 3 day weekend."
"Neo vs SubZero"
"Catronaut"
"Asian photography ... (Who took it first ?)"
"Steve Cathey defying gravity"
"my favorite cyanide and happiness comic"
"Horsey ride!"
"What in the mind fuck is this?!"
"Lego walls!"
"How I view the debate in r/athesim on which religion is more deserving of scrutiny"
"How you like me now?"
"Start me up... If you start me up  I'll never stop..."
"Start me up... If you start me up  I'll never stop... [gif]"
"Pencil sharpener"
"KEEP ROLLIN ROLLIN ROLLIN ROLLIN"
"Like taking candy from a baby: BUSTED."
"Touch the rainbow"
"Touch the rainbow!"
"Yo  touch the rainbow [gif] (fixed)"
"The seems like a great commercial!"
"I'm at an almost all male New Years Party. This is how I imagine midnight will go down."
"Not usually a big fan of memes  but this one gave me a good chuckle"
"Krillin's version of taken.."
"Searched &quot;WTF&quot; on google. Even reddit couldnt prepare for this one"
"This pretty much sums up Romney's week"
"Mitt Romney's week in a nutshell"
"Massive gallery of Halloween costumes from Reddit last year. Can't wait to see what people post this year!"
"Every time I shared an Internet High-Five I got complaints from people who expected a gif. So I obliged."
"sadly  my generation..."
"&quot;Scary Beautiful&quot;"
"smooth"
"Holy shit it's a water balloon!!!"
"A little chart I made of TV/movie detectives."
"For those confused."
"Whenever I'm walking through the streets of Berlin.."
"LAWL"
"im gunna crumb too"
"Testing a bullet-proof vest in 1923."
"A love story in 22 pictures."
"I find this to be incredibly badass."
"When someone tells me they are color blind"
"When people try to talk politics with me"
"121 All-time favorites"
"When wake up and get to my 8am class to find out there was homework due"
"When my professor said there would be a 15 page essay in the class."
"Nothing to see here... just a kid playing ba-- OH SHIT"
"If you insist"
"Sorry my house is such a mess."
"Moved to Pennsylvania for college and found my true love."
"My favorite thing that I got as a kid at other kids birthday parties."
"All this talk about PETA makes me want to get one of these. [fixed]"
"Whenever someone spoils a movie I've been dying to see on reddit"
"I laugh every time..."
"SUPPLIES!"
"Surprise"
"SUPPLIES!"
"Turns out that all this time  these two just wanted to party."
"Keep they heads ringin"
"Heads up!"
"It's a fact!"
"Neat Nature Fact!"
"This guy has the mind of a God."
"Sometimes I'll get my AutoCAD drawing to fit the first time..."
"How my girlfriend said she felt trying 'cowgirl' for the first time"
"Husband Troll"
"Killer Move"
"Killer Move"
"How I picture a single guys apartment"
"Cooking level: College Student"
"Get down!"
"You Bastard!"
"Still my favorite Gif of all time."
"Stay awake... stay awake... nope."
"This cracks me up every time"
"Abalabalabalabalabalablabala..."
"Quaid! Open your mind!"
"Helper often speaks of the coming war between man and the brotherhood of machines."
"People who clap after a plane lands."
"Jewish group condemns anti-Islam ads in NYC with their own next to them"
"Hey guys  I found apple maps!"
"I recently created a Facebook account. This is how I feel after a week."
"Trying to graduate from college in 2 weeks and I just started watching Arrested Development"
"Todat I went to /b/"
"A year after buying and gaming on my iMac"
"How Bioware Community Manager feels after posting an AMA on r/gaming."
"Friend of mine posted this while we were arguing with a fundie on Facebook. I couldn't help laughing."
"My reaction while voting"
"And I always shoot first"
"neat trick"
"BUZZ LIGHTYEAR"
"fuck yeah [FIXED]"
"Steppin on the beach!"
"Tried to take a cute photo of my nephew.. I think I succeeded.."
"Scumbag America tackling hacking scandals"
"All hail the Douchebag king!"
"Truth"
"Apple's latest competitor"
"Must be an IPhone"
"Must be an iPhone"
"Dog enjoying his birthday"
"i feed my dog giant cheetos and some meat  this is my dog [OC] i took this picture today"
"Goddammit  this made me laugh way too hard first thing in the morning. For all the internet tough guys!"
"The Anne Frank Time Travel Conspiracy"
"Suck my dick  Red Lobster!"
"Wonka has heard enough about females and currency."
"And Remember  kids..."
"I don't even know if this is classified as a yacht anymore.."
"How I feel when watching the plot sections of porn [SFW]"
"On the overly attached girlfriend..."
"Whenever I listen to Handlebars by Flobots."
"Blizzard when MOP got released"
"How I felt at the end of Cabin in the Woods"
"Whenever I skip from the intro of a porn to the 5 minute mark"
"New sex position &quot;The Laptop&quot; [Fixed]"
"Reality 3D"
"Hannah Montana: The Early Years"
"This just occurred to me..."
"We likey bouncy! We likey bouncy!"
"Saw this and immediately thought.."
"Bouncing Balls"
"That's Some Cool Profile Pic"
"Platypuses in fedoras"
"I'm going to have problems watching this show again."
"Fuck yeah."
"Nicholas Cage evolves"
"Polar Bear Learns to Walk"
"Scarface Charlie Sheen"
"another great office moment"
"Who else is excited for this?"
"Poor Bike [Fixed]"
"This is not real...please be fake."
"Me after getting my first ever upvote..."
"Awesome sticker!"
"NOPE! (x-Post from r/gif)"
"Robin Skrillams  anyone?"
"How PETA inspires me  Ron Swanson [FIXED]"
"Reddit must know!"
"My girl  so curious about the big world."
"As a Jets fan  how I'll feel if this Tebow trade actually does go through"
"You assholes!"
"Rescue Reversal..."
"Help is on the way! [x-post from /r/motorcycles]"
"They say correlation doesn't equal causation but..."
"Beware of IE 10. (X-post from /r/dataisbeautiful)"
"Whenever an ad online asks if I would like to share it with my friends"
"Going on Memebase after being a redditor for 5 months"
"How I feel when someone puts up a link to something that isn't funny in r/funny"
"Checking out 9gag for the first time"
"Its down..No its up!! Oh wait  still down"
"Canis dormiens nunquam titillandus."
"Rare 1960's Photo: Adam West and Leonard Nimoy Jamming on the Drums Together."
"Possibly the best movie ever made."
"Fifty Shades of Grey: The Movie"
"Faster than the speed of plastic bag."
"Historically accurate."
"Slow-mo Lightning Strike"
"Lightning"
"praying mantis being fabulous"
"Bow to me  at once!"
"How I feel about politics"
"In Honor of Neil Armstrong: HOLY SHIT MAN LANDS ON FUCKING MOON! from The Onion"
"When I dress formally..."
"Spongebob has his priorities in order"
"SpongeBob PimpPants"
"I Came Here to Fuck Bitches."
"Taxi!"
"Overly Photogenic Biker"
"Are you man enough to fill this up?"
"Gallagher's Arch Nemesis"
"Herrrrrre kitty kitty"
"How is this now a trend?"
"Getting friend zoned after sex."
"When I see a girl post twice on /r/gonewild saying it's her first time..."
"How it feels to have 40 karma from about 15 posts."
"My reaction when I realized people were upvoting my post because they thought it meant the opposite of what I had intended"
"today  i realized i did barely anything this summer besides hang with my friends and play games."
"When I die in call of duty after getting my highest killstreak."
"INCORRECT!"
"One ring to ruin them all."
"The Humancaninereptilipide"
"What the fuck did I just read."
"Contemplating like a sir"
"when i realize i missed my cake day"
"Definitely felt like doing this everyday this week"
"Not all theists are responsible for this  but all people responsible for this are theists."
"How Facebook Looks Nowadays..."
"God is getting a little tight these days.."
"Rodger Federer after this Aussie Open Match"
"When I spend the night browsing r/WTF"
"Today  my mom- who has been single and not dating for 8 years- announced to my sister and I that she is &quot;seeing someone&quot;. This pretty much sums up my reaction."
"Photobombing Jesus!"
"Who's a good boy!?"
"In the spirit of Labor Day cookouts"
"Weener"
"Television's just not the same anymore....."
"Bill Enclosed......"
"My favorite Halloween costume"
"Yummy yummy Nutella"
"This is how my sister treats me"
"how I feel being downvoted on reddit"
"Searched &quot;Penguins are Dicks&quot; on Google Images. I'll just leave this here."
"Why you never go Full Retard"
"Mr. Ice Cream Man"
"Just cooling off"
"This door doesn't stand a chance"
"How I felt in r/spacedicks"
"How I feel when I don't see the NSFL bracket"
"Just realized it was my cake day  and I don't have any pets"
"MFW Going to /r/shatter"
"That's one way to find out I guess."
"Oh  deer..."
"Seems Legit"
"Seems Legit"
"My response to the mod telling me meme posts will be taken down in the future."
"Son of a... (retweeted by Glen Mazzara)"
"Introducing: The Scottish bar stool. (NSFW)"
"I Googled &quot;comfy chair&quot;..."
"&quot;Oh look  a new toy. Let me just tou- OH LAWD HAVE MERCY.&quot;"
"The only reasonable solution"
"70% chance of what..."
"Think ill stay inside."
"Hey boss. Yeah  I'm not coming into work today."
"I'll stay home today."
"The first picture I saw on reddit.It made me stay."
"Cute smurf."
"Good god"
"There should be more Bill Cosby gifs on Reddit."
"Fish Flops"
"How to cook on a log"
"You Add The Red..."
"Tell that to a Creationist..."
"Perspective"
"Uh.... What?"
"Oppa!"
"Heart shaped kitties"
"What  you never take heart shaped naps?"
"Time for TICKLES!"
"How I feel after I post something and I get mean comments about how stupid my post it"
"Obama plays trumpet?"
"This still melts my heart. Irish rugby player Brian O'Driscoll visits a young girl in the hospital with the Heineken cup."
"This made me laugh harder than i should have"
"Just another awesome youtube comment."
"SHARK ATTACK!"
"Never thought I'd see this in a Utah Airport"
"Excellent parenting (or lazy parenting  can't tell)"
"That awkward moment when you’re playing hide and seek and you can’t find a place to hide."
"This is what happens to me after surfing Reddit at work  and realizing it was time to go home 5 minutes ago."
"If you search &quot;paper on pencil&quot; on Google images this is the fifth thing to come up..."
"Ill stab you bro"
"Wow"
"when the restaurant doesn't have coke  and asks if pepsi is okay instead"
"Most Horrifying face swap EVER!"
"Alright  Hostess  it ain't over....."
"My spidey sense is tingling.."
"Head in bag with fish... best title I can come up with."
"sup  fishface"
"YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE RIDDLY-DIDDLY"
"Some men just like to watch the world burn."
"Sadly  Fox did not pick up this spinoff idea..."
"Best. Job. Ever."
"I don't even..."
"WOLOWOLOWOLOWOLOW"
"Because I don't know anyone who doesn't like penguins."
"Our school lunch on MLK day..."
"CHOCOLATE?!?!?!?!"
"[FacePalm]"
"Oh yes."
"Need a smoke?"
"UPS training manual."
"I think I will ignore and see what happens"
"wait a second..."
"The charred remains of cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov on view in an open casket during his state funeral after the crash of the Soyuz 1"
"Good question..."
"Hit snooze. I dare you."
"First World Alarm Clock"
"Me  when people argue on the internet"
"I see your Wind Cathedral and I raise you a Stone Forest in Madagascar"
"One does not simply"
"Someone has been misinformed"
"Oprah honey..."
"Bees!!!"
"Meanwhile in Colorado..."
"Neil deGrasse Tyson in his mutton-chop days."
"One Ron Ton Soop  please."
"I see your sound tank and raise you a sound donkey"
"One of my friends just moved to the states from Russia.... Here is her uncle and his riding bear"
"Corvette taillights for sale - Good Condition."
"My Favorite Childhood Book."
"they're EVERYWHERE!"
"Have a seat."
"How I feel walking around campus as a freshmen."
"How it feels to go a week without masturbating"
"Believe"
"Use your brain man! [Mildly NSFW]"
"Shortest attention span I've ever seen"
"Happens all the time trying to study..."
"The only morning show I would watch."
"Dude… Did you see that?"
"Looking through my gif folder. Oh man  the girls reaction gets me everytime."
"Come at me...Bro!"
"Pug doesn't take shit from nobody"
"Upset dog"
"Punk Pug."
"The way reddit makes me think now."
"Don't send me..."
"... hello  my ragtime gal"
"Oops!"
"For all you fellow Diablo fans in the EU!"
"What I'll be thinking on December 18th"
"This makes me laugh every time."
"r/atheism on Tim Tebow and starving African kids"
"mom was worried about the horse  so i sent her this"
"Play dead"
"The technology expected in the next 38 years"
"Oh my bad."
"yeh right!!!  like this gona work...."
"Mr. T portrays Santa Claus at the White House with First Lady Nancy Reagan in 1983."
"No creative title  just this cat"
"Revisionist History"
"Batman the Whiterun Guard"
"I knew the leprechauns were a bad influence..."
"Grandmas with chopsticks"
"How does one do this?"
"How porn looks before and after you masturbate (SFW)"
"This just seems to fit."
"Miguel doesn't think you trust in his self-righteous suicide"
"Are you sure that is Michael Duncan?"
"They learned the hard way to not use Bing"
"If I ever met Mitt Romney  I have an idea of what I would say..."
"Every time I see a Skyrim post on here..."
"Spongebob Square pants is celebrating his 25th birthday today"
"LICK LICK LICK LICK LICK"
"Hunting wabbits"
"Another reason you should work out [gif]"
"It might be old  but it's funny"
"Don't do it!"
"Deer  could you hand me my towel?"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Jesus was pretty chill once you got to know him"
"The only kinda Jesus I'm down with:"
"Precious"
"Mine!"
"Can't decide if wrong or cute"
"Angel falls"
"Reddit I give you lightning volcano"
"They said I could be anything..."
"loool!"
"I feel bad laughing but..."
"Majestic Alaskan Glacier"
"The Sawyer Glacier"
"The only spider I've ever loved."
"Just dance [NSFW]"
"His and Hers diary entry from the same day. (x/post from funny and does apply here)"
"Trying to live on your own after the graduation"
"How I feel with 51 link karma."
"When I see someone repost something."
"I googled face swap and was very pleased with the results."
"My favorite face swap."
"We gonna party like it's your birthday"
"Riding the bus is always an adventure..."
"I present  rock bottom"
"Onward!"
"What idiots do to reposts"
"HR Giger cake with Alien chestburster bride &amp; groom"
"Get back to work!!!"
"Hakuna Matata"
"Happy birthday to this badass"
"How I feel when my class get cancelled on a Friday"
"How I feel after a large poo"
"Bar-ack O-ba-ma"
"What every break up should be like"
"The loneliest group of people you will ever see"
"Didn't know if this best fit here or in /r/creepy"
"To All Those Christians Who are Bad-Mouthing Hitchens..."
"Can you hear me now? [WARNING: GANGNAM STYLE]"
"How I feel trying to slow down the cat pictures on r/new... [x-post from r/funny]"
"When someone has a good post  but many spelling errors"
"FUCK THE INTERNET"
"You know that scene in Titanic where people are slidding down the deck? Check THIS out!"
"Clean fun for your kid's next birthday party"
"Hey Reddit!"
"Reddit! I got you a present:)"
"British Redditors: What the hell kind of candy are you selling?"
"Haters gonna hate"
"I call this trick... The Back Breaker"
"Sweet Jesus. Is it even possible to bend like that?"
"Suck suck suck suck suck...."
"Saw this picture today."
"Great picture from a deer cam"
"Cause &amp; Effect [gif]"
"what an ass hole"
"The science behind the jump"
"story of my life"
"Starting college. This is how I feel about unpaid internships"
"Why I unsubscribed from /r/videos"
"HIFW a professor tells me to check my work on a test"
"Dental care..."
"whenever an /r/funny link requires a lot of reading"
"When my girlfriend asks about marriage."
"the true look of victory"
"Growing up with brothers"
"Iron Man Stained Glass Lamp"
"Heavy feat. Tom Jones"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"My Reaction to Overly Attached Girlfriend"
"The poo bandit"
"I don't even know what to say about this one..."
"don't fuck with me bitch"
"Asian Duckface"
"Later..."
"How I feel at &quot;fancy&quot; parties"
"Moves. He has them."
"How to counter a takedown"
"Totally sweet judo move"
"Reversed"
"Morgan Freeman and a Kitten"
"OM NOM NOM"
