"When boner meant mistake . . ."
"Poor Parker"
"Saw this gem on FB"
"Spiderman's weakness"
"I lawled but it also made me sad."
"They actually not bad"
"I Love That Rice!!!"
"Water Hair (X-Post from /r/funny)"
"This was on my Facebook feed with 1k likes... And I ask why?? Fucken why!??"
"Origin of Humans"
"Only 90s kids will remember this."
"My current nerdy wallpaper."
"nerd humor"
"Good on you Jim."
"Well that was awkward..."
"I swear  if I see one more of those &quot;like for Heaven  ignore for Hell&quot; Facebook posts..."
"How I felt going to the store and seeing no Twinkies left on the shelf."
"Going to the store to try and buy Twinkies."
"Crikey!"
"Found the perfect angle to get the...Shit.."
"He's finally done it"
"Imagine that."
"Well done  Australia!"
"The Moon and Venus over Switzerland"
"That's nothing (4chan...)"
"What? No high five?"
"accidentally walking in on my parents went something like this..."
"This eggplant has a face."
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 9 minutes.&quot;"
"How I felt when my coworker got back with her BF  who she said it was &quot;done because he hits me&quot;"
"How i feel when my clever comment gets downvoted."
"Llama-Slug"
"Let's play a game..."
"How I feel whenever I try to post something funny to Reddit."
"I hate when this happens"
"Everytime i post something on reddit"
"parents on flight handed these out"
"At least we save money"
"Hasn't been reposted yet"
"How I see the bees flying into each other gif [GIF]"
"Not a fuck was given"
"Endeavor moves through Los Angeles suburb"
"Just an ostrich in its natural habitat..."
"It does that better than me"
"Whatcha lookin' at"
"CPR according to The Onion (apparently this belongs here)"
"when the teacher announces a pop quiz"
"The most interesting pair in the world."
"Odd Bathroom Experiences..."
"Noticed it was my cake day replying to a red mail"
"Gets me every time."
"When you don't say &quot;nice&quot; in &quot;girls in the kitchen&quot; thread"
"How to store and organize cats"
"Try something new and don't give a fuck if people think you suck at it"
"Wtf You rather?"
"Heterozygoats"
"poor kitty"
"And Jack gave some to each and every one..."
"saw this on facebook"
"Internet is like ancient egypt"
"pretty much"
"So I was looking at pictures of puppies and I found this derp of a puppy"
"The reason I stopped making eye contact at the dog park.."
"You never took a science course  and were home schooled"
"There is no way."
"Two years later..."
"Welcome to Canada"
"Bathe me in some butter  ya'll."
"Canadian CSI (x-post r/pics)"
"What a couple of boobs..."
"Dear lord  the stop girl backwards is creepy..."
"Momentarily Possessed Man in background"
"R gaming in a nutshell"
"A truly beautiful place to live (x-post r/frisson)"
"I've got one of those too."
"gf is prego [x-post /r/4chan]"
"BOO you Whore"
"Tallahassee's position in this Twinkie War"
"Fuck the police"
"What do we want? Time Travel."
"Meanwhile in Canada..."
"Tis just a scratch"
"How can I ever eat these??"
"Bro-ba Fett"
"My first gif"
"A real gangster"
"Googled &quot;How to get karma on Reddit.&quot; Nothing has ever made more sense."
"The US was &quot;infected&quot; in 1962! ... x/post from r/gifs"
"Pigeons"
"Giraffe getting a hug"
"Every one..."
"Today is my cake day. I'm also a complete Marxist. I give you Lenin + Cat"
"Oh shit!"
"The best gif for reddit..Wait till the end!"
"Longest gif ever  well worth it though"
"Starbucks trucks with sliding doors are a bad idea."
"I could look at these little blue balls for hours..."
"off the internet but its stiil cute"
"Hello  I will be your sponge today [fixed]"
"Bruce Lee."
"face the truth"
"Bacon addiction is no laughing matter"
"Everyone like watermelon"
"Anti-Soviet Warrior Puts His Army on the Road to Peace. Article by Robert Fisk  December 1993 on Osama Bin Laden"
"The look of ecstasy..."
"I didn't know Ash felt that way"
"Wandows...wat r u doin...stahp..."
"Penguin"
"Penguin.. get it?"
"Hurricane Sandy"
"Trying to stay awake in a really boring class."
"HIFW A gnat is flying around me"
"SUPRISE MOTHERF**KER"
"Missing story in the bible. Just as believable."
"I love the Internet."
"Cakeday kitty."
"Like a boss."
"Iron Man."
"White people."
"Saw this today on the bus"
"Gross  hairless cats........punchline"
"That's one cool kangaroo"
"My mom just bought a macbook."
"Well... I'm going to hell for laughing"
"Oh  I see you're home early..."
"Dog Panics Waiting for Owner to Come Home"
"Spongebob has really let himself go."
"Favorite picture ever"
"Why?"
"Sorry about your penis"
"I dare reddit to find me a picture even more awesome than this."
"They see me Rollin.....they hatin."
"Now on the list if I hit powerball tonight... 550 million"
"For all you grammar nazi's out there"
"Defragging?"
"I see what you did there Pixar"
"this guy decided to setup his own hammock on a train"
"Taking a cab to penn station and the cab driver gives me a weird look."
"Go to source for biblical inaccuracies"
"I always check the comments for file quality before I download a torrent."
"Squidworld."
"Hubble's newest eXtreme Deep Field photo..."
"Please Explain"
"When I check 9gag."
"How I feel now that my long awaited cake day was a flop."
"How I feel after submitting post with bad grammar [NSFW]"
"An Autumn Morning in all it's Beauty."
"To all the horny guys on chatroulette/omegle"
"I'm guessing this will intrigue you..."
"When you see it."
"Aldous Huxley a visionary"
"Orwell vs. Huxley"
"Soon"
"Oink Oink right?"
"Don't mind me  you guys. [NSFW]"
"This shit makes no sense  best accident."
"When I see you."
"I think it's safe to say Freddie Mercury would have spent a lot of time here."
"Important message to the /r/ Moderators who remove links which are on spot #1 of their respective subreddits"
"Otter."
"Irony"
"It's finally here!"
"Pokemon seduction"
"Karma loving bunny"
"Missed a Spot."
"Ya missed a spot  bro."
"Missed a spot..."
"Garfield would love to put just his mouth under this..."
"People Change"
"When I wake up to find my karma has gone up loads over night."
"My First Time Entering /r/spacedicks"
"My face all throughout reading chapter 601. (SPOILER-FREE)"
"For my cake day I'd like to share with you my 'inspirational' work computer wallpaper photo."
"Zombie gnomes"
"Zombie gnomes (x-post from r/pics)"
"Most awkward old west photo shoot ever.. I make the least sexy saloon girl.."
"Childhood memories"
"Someone's hungry!"
"Red Panda baby!"
"He's got a point  you know."
"Yo I heard you like puppies...."
"Well that escalated quickly. (What I see in Facebook now days)"
"How it feels to chew 5 gum ¯\(°_o)/¯"
"God Answers Prayers of Paralyzed Little Boy"
"Now  I elevate"
"So close  but yet so far"
"Jim Lehrer in tonight's debates"
"Takes you a minute..."
"Much more exciting then a debate."
"Edward Scissorhands child costume... Be still my heart"
"Found this in my newsfeed..."
"My friend likes mountains."
"When I find out my submissions get upvoted."
"Library rave"
"Ssssshhhhh it's a library"
"My thoughts on r/gonewild"
"Oh anne hathaway I thought you were a cat.."
"The ALL new CRAPPER SHOWER!"
"Yeah that's creepy"
"upvote"
"So it's my RL Cakeday but I don't have any cats  so here's something else I think Reddit would enjoy. Cheers!"
"Flawless Victory (nsfw)"
"This is usually my class."
"Skill?"
"A Whole New World"
"Deep thinking dingo pup"
"This just popped up in my facebook feed."
"I need water  Sandy. [X-post from /r/Sandy]"
"How I imagine this hurricane"
"I don't think i can eat that."
"popped up in my fb newsfeed. wanted to share on reddit!"
"Zzzz  nom nom nom nom. . .zzzzz  nom nom nom nom. . ."
"Spider in the house: Guy edition."
"You can be anything!"
"Turns out snakes will eat just about anything."
"From Male to Female in one year."
"Jeebus Churst"
"kid is scared of fish"
"95% of girls after watching breaking dawn pt 2"
"Hellllllo  Brian!!"
"My reaction when people ask me if I go on reddit."
"My reaction to finding out its my cake day"
"Nuclear Lunch!"
"call me crazy  or maybe an idiot.. but i did NOT know this was how it was done"
"I'm lovin' it."
"I've got a song stuck in my head."
"Meanwhile in Scotland..."
"my response to the guy who slept through getting his dick tattooed"
"I saw an ad for Kids Bop 24 today..."
"I Don't Want to set the Judge on Fire"
"Driving home at. A 8......hehe"
"When I hear a sound at night and i'm home alone"
"I don't know why  but I fucking love this gif"
"Squishy bunny"
"Grace and finese [from /r/ImGoingToHellForThis]"
"Lionel Spiderman"
"After almost a year on reddit with no successful posts and seeing I have karma."
"This will haunt your dreams."
"No clues to suggest that would happen"
"S.W.A.G."
"Me So Plunger"
"An island within a lake  within an island  within a lake  within an island."
"cereal toys"
"Mom! Can I Get This Cereal?"
"I believe this is quite relevant currently.."
"Still my all-time favorite pic."
"This is probably a re-post  but i still can't stop laughing every time I see this."
"God in a nutshell"
"If your dog does a poo  please put it in the litter bin."
"He wants the JFK shot  the Pink Mist."
"Bracing For The Storm - Gangnam Style"
"why you ask?"
"cat maze"
"Missed a little"
"yolo?"
"A well Balanced Diet."
"The Resident Evil 6 cover looks like a girl giving head to a half man-half giraffe."
"The Resident Evil 6 cover looks like an armless girl giving head to a half man-half giraffe."
"He's a babe alright"
"Mom tries the water slide"
"SSSSTTTTRRIIKE!"
"Almost There..."
"Batman's prank call backfires (x-post from r/pics)"
"Amazing painted hands!"
"The League of Shadows Dodgeball Team has extremely good prospects this year..."
"60 ft snowfall clearing in Japan"
"Now he has even more respect."
"How hot is Taco Bell hot sauce....."
"Best case of duck face I have ever seen."
"this."
"A movie come true?"
"Speaking of funny album covers"
"Quiet little one."
"Those F***ING lights. Typography fail."
"Example #1 of why proper kerning is important."
"What I imagine love to be like on the country side."
"What an unfortunate name for a website:"
"They see me rollin"
"Smooth Criminal"
"/r/gifsound is in danger of becoming stale"
"I watched this for a long while"
"The main reason why I never make Swarm Hosts."
"mom I'm home from school"
"How I feel doing chores on a Sunday"
"Heheh hey billy  watch this"
"Words to live by."
"Deep thought"
"Solving first world computer problems. Just a genius idea."
"The award for most stressful level in a game goes too.. [FIXED]"
"Fucking tornado...no words"
"Fucking tornado...no words"
"OH CRAP!!! OH CRAP!!! OH CRAP!!!"
"Creative Picture with Fire!"
"&quot;Oh  god!&quot;"
"Forgot Why I Hate Taco Bell...Me Currently"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY HERE!"
"Ever wonder how peanut butter is made?"
"A 3D gif done right (fixed)"
"Do you have any other sizes?"
"This guy knows what's up."
"Allied AI... every damn time"
"When you see it... beautiful."
"I'm ready for Christmas"
"When i was five and my parents say we are going to disney land"
"ladies  please."
"Ladies"
"The new Crip walk"
"Not sure how  but it seems to work"
"The phases of Lindsey Lohan"
"storm sp.....irr eyes?"
"Found 110 Feet Under Water. Scared The Crap Out of Me"
"Pretty much fits in everywhere."
"Recently bought a MacBook  this is my general attitude after advocating for Windows 10+ years."
"This is Sara the Cat. All the time."
"Steve Buscemi's point of view"
"Morpheus pulls out a hand full of pills this time... which do you choose?"
"This shit creeps me out..."
"Friends and I Halloween night high as a kite"
"Be forewarned..."
"How I feel after finishing an english essay worth 30% of my final grade."
"Breaking Bad Cast dressing up for Halloween"
"Alright  which one of you did this? (NSFW  x-post r/WTF)"
"Don't normally watch Big bang theory but this is genius."
"Not a fuck was given."
"lets just close this and pretend nothing happened...its for the best"
"The $50 Lesson."
"Hey  the car didn't hit no motherfucking bump!"
"Talking with my athletic friend."
"The Creepy Box"
"God damnit it's true..."
"When my friend suggests to watch a Nicholas Cage movie"
"Pre heating the oven..."
"Guinea Pig Pool"
"I wonder what they are looking at"
"Come at me!"
"Me at the urinals doing this accidentally way too many times."
"NYC-The Empire stands alone"
"How my first few experiences with girls went"
"Implosion"
"Bad night at work (Also first reddit post. Hi reddit )"
"THE BEARS!"
"Bitch Please."
"This made me laugh more than I should have."
"Giving my boyfriend his first handjob (SFW)"
"As a PhD in chemistry trying to explain the Higgs boson to my friend."
"First time going down on my girlfriend."
"A female friend of mine recently went through a breakup and I've been trying to help her deal with it but..."
"This explains everything."
"TEAM CONSERVATIVE BLAST OFF!!!"
"was browsing through the interwebs when I came across this - thought r/atheism would appreciate"
"I'll take this one!"
"After hearing about Mitt's 47% gaffe.."
"not a single fuck"
"Soo this was spotted in my hometown. I will never admit to being from there again."
"Shaved alpaca gives no fuck"
"Real life R2-D2 here for the win"
"Who ordered the Warm Grey Kitten Ball?"
"Spongebob's coffe break"
"What I always imagined while listening to this song"
"If Joe Biden and Paul Ryan switched hair."
"Oh  Robby..."
"Cool tattoo bro..."
"Star Wars - Original Trilogy (1977) [1186 x583]"
"Post a picture that makes you laugh every time you see it"
"I strictly adhere to this"
"My cat has been working out lately.."
"Reincarnation is a bitch"
"so true..."
"You've got the eyes..."
"Hoover be Damned"
"Kitty Mop!"
"The Kiss of Death Statue at the Old Graveyard of Poblenou in Barcelona"
"Um... America  Fuck Yeah?"
"Idiocy isn't forever  but ink is."
"Science..."
"Science for the Win!"
"Where's WALL·E?"
"Where's Wall-E?"
"Chakkuchakkuchakku (fixed) - I was disappointed"
"Just installed two 12&quot; subs in my car."
"Say hello to the boss!"
"I have the weirdest feeling someone is staring into my soul"
"Sorry if this is a repost but I saw it and immediately thought of.......basically all of reddit lol"
"Handsome Squidward IRL"
"I laughed so hard"
"Exhausted from programming all day"
"Can't... stop... watching!"
"Facebook should just replace their Android app with this picture - it would be smaller and nobody would notice a thing"
"Rated mildly to very disturbing"
"How men &amp; women choose shampoo - Imgur"
"History repeating itself."
"Eggception"
"This girl is a keeper!!"
"This girl's a keeper"
"ALL ABOARD... This Karma train is heading straight to the front page."
"Koala Love &lt;3"
"I don't see enough koala's around here"
"My relationship with Reddit."
"Am I the only one who does this?"
"Way to go  Alabama"
"I must have wasted years of my life by now"
"Beautiful ladybug covered in dew drops"
"found an image on imgur with only 7 COMMENTS"
"Phil's thoughts"
"giant harvestmen over the rooftop (xpost r/wtf)"
"Like a human T-rex."
"Challenge: find 4 people in this photo. Bonus: the possible 5th person. Extra credit for time and place."
"Browsing reddit with a load of purple links."
"I am unwilling to wash clothes..."
"Cyber-Bullying"
"When I found out you can click and drag to zoom in RES"
"THE THOUGHT OF CAKE-DAY KARMA"
"CAKEDAY KARMA (fav gif)"
"How I felt when Obama used the Not Bad meme that I made last year."
"When my roommate says &quot;I saved you some Mac &amp; Cheese in the pot on the stove&quot; ..."
"What I will look like on my first cake day"
"My happiness when I was told school was cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy"
"Just LET GO!"
"Did you ever go bungee jumping and change your mind at the last minute? Good thing there's experienced staff to help...."
"Like a record baby"
"Getting one upvote and a bunch of downvotes on a new post..."
"Hypnotising."
"Family Guy gets it."
"In Soviet Russia  moose hunts you"
"Make sure he knows who's in charge."
"Why yes I do look fabulous."
"A child's skull before their baby teeth fall out."
"Don't mess with this dude"
"Making it to the top in a 1000 comment thread"
"The guy that originally posted this didn't think it was cute! [r/funny repost]"
"Little Kate  the shortest woman in the world"
"Benders vs. Bronies WGC  Day 8"
"9gags original content"
"Kind of reminds me of walking on water..."
"Want your next party to be a hit? Play this song  sit back  and watch what ensues!"
"I'd do the exact same thing."
"Uncanny."
"When someone has a witty insult directed at me"
"Me talking to a friend in class then finally noticing the teacher has been watching me in silence."
"BEST. PRANK. EVER."
"A great prank!"
"An honest mistake..."
"After the rain  pump dance. (little dragon)"
"the trouble with limes"
"The grim reaper is a bro"
"Clear wall between rich and poor"
"Hehehe this made me laugh."
"Pouring Salt On The Wound[FIXED]"
"Yes  this picture is real. Taken from Cassini as it drifted into Saturn's shadow. Oh yeah  and Earth is in this picture  too."
"As a vegetarian  I bit into a pizza without realizing it had beef on it"
"College Bingo"
"How To Survive A Bad Class"
"Hardanger Bridge  Norway - Awesome Shot!"
"I eat bunny poop!"
"Best. Face. Ever."
"My debate stream froze at an opportune and amusing moment."
"Renee is constantly eating these"
"Proper use of an Ipad"
"Saw VII"
"My friend posted this to Facebook."
"When people ask if I'm seeing anyone"
"Adam West as Reddit"
"How did Felix Baumgartner travel faster than the speed of light  and why is nobody talking about this?"
"Kitty fail"
"Why?"
"Cats and boxes"
"Oh em gee  so relatable."
"My friend Jorge took this picture yesterday."
"Lowkey deals go on in r/trees. You guys know how it is..."
"Swag"
"He's doing the lord's work."
"Almost Friday..."
"Is this the real life?"
"Is this real life  or..."
"Halp! They've got me cornered!"
"Sweet dreams  Reddit."
"A friend got kicked out of the honors program at my college. He sent this email to the professor a year later."
"A student at my University got kicked out of the honors program. He sent this letter to the dean a year later."
"oh... another mine? just go around it again."
"NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"The reaction I imagine my girlfriend would have if she found my hidden files"
"How I imagine my girlfriend would react if she checked my browsing history"
"Who needs arms?"
"They really are the superior race!"
"When i realized that bigoted controversial statements earn more karma than OC"
"How I Feel When My Posts Start Getting Downvotes"
"My computer's background wallpaper back when I was unemployed"
"C-17 Globemaster leaving behind a &quot;smoke angel&quot; after releasing flares over the Atlantic Ocean."
"This is where it dates back to."
"just casually (a bit of WTF)"
"Someone on reddit created this gif  and this immediately came to mind."
"Cat of God"
"Johnny B. Goode"
"Got this email today. Definitely legit..."
"How I feel as a San Diegan working near downtown without a Comicon pass..."
"Googled &quot;doggy butterfly caterpillar cat&quot; and got this gem"
"HIFW my comment is mega-downvoted and i already have 0 comment karma"
"Old time fapping"
"Popular logos: first vs current"
"Just 3 guys hanging out..."
"President Obama  Jay-Z &amp; Bruce Springsteen walk into a bar..."
"...I never thought of that."
"Everytime i look at the clock at work..."
"Best Dry Cleaner EVER!"
"Work it  boys."
"This morning opening Reddit."
"Why I use pens."
"Found this gem on facebook (uploaded to imgur for convenience)"
"After several failed post  this is how I feel"
"Girl on instagram posted this and didn't know why everyone thought it was so funny."
"This is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen."
"After 3 years  what I realize you get on your cake day."
"Dolphin Punch"
"The first thing that came to my head..."
"Catch...!"
"Trolling Gameshow"
"I don't care if your religious or not  this has to stop"
"I've run out of plates again  so I bought another 40kg. I've probably spent more time in the last week buying lifting-related shit than I have spent lifting. Victory thread victory  here I come!"
"I can't decide if this kid is a douche in the making or absolutely awesome. Probably a bit of both."
"Felt like this after my sexy times"
"Inspiring Stuff"
"Me; if you use those fingers correctly."
"The Swanson Archetype"
"When my favorite website is down..."
"Ninja Daft Punks it!"
"Ever wonder how photographers take pictures of rock climbers? [X-Post /r/pics]"
"Resident Evil 6's logo looks like a Giraffe getting a Blowjob."
"Pug boobs"
"Just thinking"
"My contribution to &quot;WTF Revival 2k11&quot;"
"I am so cute..."
"God Damn Canadians"
"How it feels getting up early in the morning."
"Porn movies and Disney are responsible for the most frustrated human beings"
"I would NOT stand under that tree."
"Perspective"
"Halt Citizen!"
"For my real life 30th cake day (wow that's scary to say) I am posting my favorite ENT. His innocence always makes me smile..."
"Can I get a gif of this scene including Lloyd's line &quot;Yeah  killer boots Man!'"
"Shit Just Got Real on Sesame Street"
"By far one of the most mesmerizing things I've ever seen."
"Zebra's delight"
"Guess what day it is? 8I (sorry if this is already made)"
"I'd like to submit a new gif for 'Mind Blown'..."
"SURPRISE!"
"The reddit version for the next movie in the Aliens franchise (gif) - Imgur"
"I'll beat a motherfucker..."
"What I think everytime I see a group of sketchy people walk near me late at night."
"Puppies Like Starbucks Too"
"Hmmm  which one today..."
"NOPE - NSFW"
"Hand of God"
"Tell me this isn't real"
"O_o"
"There is such a thing as &quot;Too Flexible&quot;"
"NOPENOPENOPE"
"NOPE. NO. NO. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE."
"Why God never received a PhD"
"Idaho: not afraid of wild gorillas [img]"
"Owned."
"Why do i still go on facebook?"
"Excuse me Peta? what were you lying? (X-posting from pokemon)"
"Whenever I upvote something funny before finding out from the comments that it's a blatant repost"
"Go make me a sandwich."
"Adventure Time pencil lead carving"
"Kamehameha!!!"
"This Guy Is My Hero."
"Occupy Dragon Ball"
"Kame hame ha!"
"For the deniers..."
"How i feel when my already thin girlfriend  asks if she needs to lose weight.."
"Every time I open a chest  this is my first thought."
"&quot;Double your fun with Jesus.&quot;"
"I approve these moves."
"The russian gang problems are getting pretty bad... (GIF)"
"White People"
"Xbox Live truth - Imgur"
"I am Skeleton Jelly"
"This strikes true."
"Hey Vegeta  what's the price of that TV?"
"Our math teacher  the master of all four elements."
"So this was one of the teachers at my school today."
"What it feels like when I show my friends iOS 6"
"Lake effect snow."
"Lake effect snow bands over Michigan on Tuesday"
"Justice"
"...son?...dad?..."
"Troy's candy cigarette case"
"This Will Haunt Me..."
"overly attached demon"
"Have fun sleeping Reddit ;)"
"Jenifer Garner will always love you! &lt;3"
"How I feel browsing through my music library with 3000+ songs"
"Oh  Youtube.."
"FEAR ME"
"Just noticed this..."
"Just a Predator having a magical day."
"What my friend does in his senior business class... (x-post /r/funny)"
"I want to believe they get together in the end"
"Dear male porn stars "
"Teddy says &quot;Happy Fourth&quot; like a boss."
"Happy Birthday America  this picture is never relevant on any other day."
"One week after no fap September."
"Enjoy your meal?"
"You call that a cat beard? More of a cat-goatee. Here's a cat beard."
"Googled 'King of Reddit'... Wasn't what I expected  but then again  I don't know what I expected"
"Doctor Style"
"Oh  shit!"
"Just a spider eating a snake."
"Why don't you just sit yo fine ass down &amp; tell me what you want for Christmas ;)?"
"I see your fingernail length chart and raise you a beard length chart"
"This is a repost."
"Pretty deer on Google Street View"
"10 Cat"
"When my local Goodwill advertises they now research their prices on eBay."
"Un toca Rectal por Favor!"
"Whiskers  NOOO!!!!"
"What it feels like to be the only person in my house with karma."
"Gabe you sly dog"
"How I feel every time a religious person thinks they've successfully poked fun at atheism...."
"When I suddenly realize I didn't close the porn on the family computer"
"Starved."
"The best thing I ever got out of my cereal in the 90's"
"When your girlfriend randomly asks you if you want to have sex."
"Beware! Young sloth ahead"
"dat move (source?)"
"SLAM!"
"Are you hungry Wolf?"
"No thanks..."
"Usain Bolt"
"I feel he has a valid point"
"Looks just like the box!"
"He is ok with his food  but there is something worrying him inside..."
"Where you should pee [flowchart]"
"Mitt's Best Friend"
"Big Bird responds to Mitt."
"Big Bird's Response to Romney"
"Big Bird's response to Romney's desire to cut PBS funding"
"Forever alone lvl.100!"
"How I imagine redditors complaining about reposts look..."
"A walking tree?"
"For those wishing for a clear toaster..."
"Death by oven"
"Why Romney? Why?"
"Go home Big Bird you're drunk"
"This is how I see the Maori Iwi right now"
"Sandy vs a brownstone is Chelsea"
"I really have to stop taking my baths during Peter's shenanigans."
"The correct way to order breakfast"
"So my girlfriend painted this  what do you guys think?"
"I feel bad for laughing over this"
"Grandpa didn't have Spongebob"
"Hypocrisy at its best (xpost)"
"i sure hope this isn't real..."
"This is THE cutest Kitten I have seen in AGES"
"Gave me more jump-scares than Amnesia..."
"So the password isn't pussy  any other ideas?"
"I think I'm going to like my new neighbor"
"I think I'm going to like my new neighbor"
"Stop hitting me!"
"Baby  What The Fuck!"
"What I want to do to my computer every time I go on facebook."
"The Notebook vs. Harry Potter. You tell 'em Uncle Vernon!"
"Baby Trample"
"Neat."
"I bet that sand is warm."
"Bitch  please...."
"Can't argue with that"
"Crikey! Look at the size of that one"
"This made me spit my water out"
"YOU ALL KNOW ANGRY BIRDS BUT HOW ABOUT ANGRY DUCK?"
"Let there be Funk!"
"How Women and Men See Colors"
"Bombay Cat."
"Scarbillies"
"The real Slim Shady."
"What's your major?"
"A million dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? A gorillian dollars."
"Too late."
"Sort of how I feel when riding bike at a [5]"
"Haters gonna hate"
"The fact that he's a ginger probably doesn't help much either"
"And a dash of colour.."
"Just realized I grew up to become Squidward"
"They see me rollin'..."
"Wait  so you're telling me I can get rid of my murder weapon AND get a $50 gas card? Sign me up."
"And now the Internet makes since!"
"Mr Bean's discovery"
"If only you could control both or just one."
"My first day of playing countern-strike"
"NASA has a dry sense of humor when it comes to the mounting points on the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft."
"When I walk by my friend's classroom and see him."
"WTF is wrong with these guys"
"Such a liar"
"Honest Cooking Directions"
"Facebook in the middle east"
"After 6 Hours Of Being On Reddit"
"Whatcha thinkin' 'bout?"
"Picking on war is fun."
"Tag you're it"
"Height according to 4chan"
"Badass"
"Wow  just wow..."
"How Being Ignored On Your Cake Day Feels"
"A man is dating three women"
"Cute couple"
"Someone watched too much Johnny Bravo...."
"The tale of Fats Mcgee and his Retard Three."
"Two words can change a lot."
"look who found waldo...."
"iWar"
"Everything is ruined now."
"Cell phones today"
"If Apple  Nokia And Samsung Were High School Students"
"not what i was expecting"
"Not enough chickens in /r/aww"
"I challenge you to find a better gif/sound mix"
"how to kick like a cow"
"Still a picture that makes me laugh even all these years later"
"It's been a lot of pain and suffering  but I finally did it: 106% on Super Meat Boy."
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"Free Dishwasher!"
"America  Fuck yeah!"
"My favorite &quot;Deal With It&quot; gif"
"Safe to say  I pissed myself laughing"
"Quality penguin comedy"
"That's some good stuff"
"So I googled &quot;Best photo on the internet&quot;"
"Puff puff."
"Lights."
"Winnie the pooh you sly devil!"
"There are no words to describe this."
"The shit people Facebook Email me."
"Backyard movie - not technically a room  but I'm sure it belongs here [1000×900]"
"Wait after the green dot appears"
"Fire  Water  Earth..."
"Falcon Version of Puppy Dog Eyes"
"There's only one way to solves Hostess' financial problems."
"Lift your game  Simba"
"My face when my girlfriend asked if she could put her finger in my butt"
"Gotta have my pops  Bitch!"
"They need it"
"Wise words from Rorschach"
"Claudia Mitchell - first woman to have a bionic arm - a prosthetic limb that she controls with her mind."
"I think she could make it to.....ummm...hustler?"
"World's largest emerald"
"Saw this on Facebook there goes my Scooby doo childhood"
"get in my car little girl....i have mc donalds"
"Epic picture"
"dedicated customer"
"Old School tools"
"Before I go to bed... here's a picture that's made me laugh so hard I actually cried. Enjoy! 'night ents!"
"My dream car costs $82 000"
"I'm sure we all had this look."
"Ain't nuthin to fuck with."
"Denied!"
"Heil Hitler."
"Realizing I missed my cake day the one day I didn't log on"
"After accidentally dipping my chip in extra spicy salsa..."
"What is this?"
"Took a ride on a ski lift today and was joined by a bear..."
"Hey guys."
"I be rollin'  they be hatin'...."
"When my professor asked who used Facebook and Twitter then Reddit"
"the reaction is great. %_%"
"containing your excitement from getting some after a week of Aunt Flow visiting..."
"Firing up any RPG after a couple month hiatus."
"Firing up any RPG after a couple month hiatus."
"Like a boss"
"The Art Of Trolling"
"Dangers of Walmart Brands"
"Saw this on my new feed. Pregnant Hitler."
"Sharks in the streets!"
"How to troll a spider"
"The little Edward!"
"Barack Obama explains in detail the mission that killed Osama bin Laden"
"floaters"
"floaters"
"Get out my eyes!"
"This man defines 'straya"
"They always have to ruin a good thing."
"You know why I'm not afraid of dying?"
"Every time I post OC and fail to make the front page of any subreddit"
"I convinced my grandmother that I intern at the White House."
"Found this gem on Google"
"Baby elephants taking a bath"
"You guys will appreciate this. Happy holidays!"
"When a flatmate messes up the kitchen right after I've cleaned it"
"Just the average music festival roster..."
"Please tell me this is real."
"Portal Concepts Repeatedly Blows my Mind!"
"Rock and roll."
"I have nothing to say to this!"
"Split-second shot of a Thunderbird aircraft before it impacted the ground at an air show [517px × 599px]"
"I'm not sure if someone has posted this already but this showed up on my Facebook newsfeed... I'm guilty to admit I chuckled a bit."
"Inappropriate youtube ad on Amanda video"
"Effectiveness of fighting cancer (chart)"
"My mind is so full of fuck right now."
"All the true OGs be ballin' in Squarepants"
"3-Tard Moon"
"Infinite Pleasure"
"My GF when I try to play games..."
"Cute kitty with her toy."
"grumpy cat on Christmas."
"Never take acid"
"Irish Humor?"
"Replacement Bus Service"
"I discovered League of Legends today..."
"how i feel when the status of my job application changes to &quot;under consideration&quot;"
"My reaction to the little link karma I realized I just got &gt;.&lt;"
"Well  that's one way to go about it..."
"I'm sure this has been seen  but it's so true it's funny!"
"Underwater Trail"
"TIL what really happened to Jesus."
"...Easter..."
"Actually  everyone has been reading the same newspaper."
"Went for a quick run on campus  needless to say I wasn't disappointed."
"Get. Back. Here. NOW!!"
"I think my heart literally just melted"
"Couch potato"
"The things that appear on my newsfeed..."
"Where all the brothas go"
"A walrus embarrassed by his birthday present."
"I don't even...."
"Creamed filled WTF"
"Personally  I think he deserves a promotion"
"Kitten in a tube."
"While everyone else plays Diablo III  Im going to be sleeping comfortably to the soundtrack to this beautiful game."
"How to keep people from stealing your sandwich"
"the best of aww"
"Neo learns about reposts."
"There's a place in Ireland called  &quot;Heaven's Trail&quot; where every two years between June 10th-18th  the stars line up with this path perfectly."
"Everytime I forget my glasses..."
"You cant argue with Cell... he makes a good point.."
"Wat."
"Seems legit."
"How I feel when class is cancelled"
"Fake but funny!"
"Brother posts sisters &quot;list&quot; on fb"
"Needlepoint is so relaxing..."
"Found out there is unsecured internet near my new apt."
"How I felt getting 3 upvotes on my first reddit post just now"
"Say Cheese!"
"Sargent loses his brother"
"Life without Google? That's a damn shame."
"Life before Google"
"the worst feeling - Imgur"
"Still my favorite face swap."
"Scariest Movie Villain Growing Up"
"Searched &quot;Best Cat Ever &quot; was not disappointed"
"found this though it belonged here."
"I hope this doesn't catch on"
"Every time I get a laugh out of a reddit comment I didn't see coming."
"How I felt on no picture day"
"Doing something right"
"How it often feels living with depression"
"A word of caution."
"Japan gets true love right"
"Japanese love story"
"TIL that there's a fish that eats crocodiles."
"What The Actual Fuck?!"
"Roland &quot;Rollie&quot; Free breaking the American Motorcycle land-speed record in 1948 in a very boss-like manner."
"how i feel with a fresh page of blue links..."
"This hit home a little too much"
"How I feel when none of my friends reply"
"Proof! Early redditors did not avoid the outside world."
"AWWW"
"Colonel Custard"
"Officially my favorite gif."
"bullshit."
"I don't know about you guys... but I'd hit that"
"Oh  mercy me!"
"gawd I hope this isnt a repost. MY FAVORITE GIF EVER!"
"Very sneaky"
"Very sneaky"
"How I feel after my third failed thread"
"I have no clue what the point was supposed to be."
"Finding a gif in the last few hours of your cakeday"
"Walk this way ..."
"Desperate times"
"Funniest picture I have seen in a long time"
"How to Easily Settle a Domestic Dispute"
"men know how to handle situations better"
"Boy  with this heat wave  you know who's hot?"
"Deeper into the Matrix we go [tempo win]"
"My kind of satisfaction"
"Weiners and butts"
"Homeless man gets 15 years in prison for stealing  then feeling bad and returning  $100. Meanwhile a man who essentially stole $3 000 000 000 gets 40 months."
"How I Feel After Finding Out I Missed My First Cakeday..."
"Jesus take the wheel."
"Can't stop watching the carnage"
"For Some Reason this gets funnier after the 4th repeat."
"Just a small boating accident..."
"It's the time of the year to Brace Yourself..."
"The truth of Sean bean."
"No  Mr. Noodle  your *hands*!"
"Swag activated."
"Super duper cute"
"Circular tube of fire"
"How it felt being admin on my 8 year old (and his friends) minecraft server."
"This is just pure evil"
"50 shades of gay"
"People from New England will understand..."
"Some men..."
"Yeah   stop being a lazy asshole !"
"I work at Mcdonald's and this is my face when someone asks me if I put napkins in their bag."
"His chest tattoo says it all [a bit of gore]"
"Chicken Nuggets"
"I bet this guy plays either Monster Hunter or Dark Souls"
"If Web Browsers Could Talk"
"Horrific looking vegan hot dogs. If you like pics like this or the failed muffins then come join us on /r/shittyfoodporn for many more!"
"A Giraffe licking a squirrel that is all"
"I don't know why I did this."
"Summer is coming to an End but I already miss it"
"He Makes a poncho look badass[Fixed]"
"I wonder what the people who work here think of those trees.."
"Here is a lamp being powered purely by the small electricity power in apples"
"No  No! Like this..."
"Like a scene out of Waterworld"
"Can you hear me now?"
"I never got this about commercials"
"Clever Execution of Humor"
"Boris shaking it to the Spice Girls"
"Will that complete your order?"
"Welcome to Russia. Where the bears burn cars  and the cars will run you over"
"If only we tried this sooner"
"Incorgnito"
"Abe's Paranoia"
"How I feel after eating Taco Bell for lunch and dinner"
"Wish I could pull this look off."
"Get a Magikarp."
"Pony dog"
"Solitude"
"How I feel after my original content gets downvoted"
"In light of the posts about Hurricane Sandy  I thought I should call attention to another recent East Coast disaster. WE WILL REBUILD"
"This Emmy Season... seriously."
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
"11 rules to make you a better writer!"
"Why Mario never did that?"
"when my boyfriend tells me that I spend too much time on the internet"
"Who new meth could be so cute?"
"Who knew meth could be so cute? (Xpost r/pics)"
"So true. So true"
"And  not a single fuck was given."
"My dog is such a dick."
"How a catepillar moves"
"College assignment"
"As a Central Floridian I have a message for the rest of the east coast."
"Being atheist in a small town in Alabama."
"That moment you realize the person you introduced to Reddit has more Karma than you..."
"Go outside and play."
"I'm sure all you gamers can relate!"
"Just a kitten with a mustache..."
"she's a true Justin beiber fan."
"Was it worth it?"
"oh hai there"
"Poor taste B&amp;Q (European hardware store)  very poor taste..."
"Is it just me or does this Toddlers and Tiaras coach look like E.T.?"
"When someone scratches the right spot on your back"
"Makes so much sense it hurts."
"Always brings a smile to my face [0]-[10]"
"Hitler without a moustache..."
"WWII veterans on WWII FPS's"
"I could watch this for hours."
"yo dawg we heard you like rivers.. So we took a river and put it over a river"
"Necessary faceswap."
"Copy Cat"
"When people brag about their impressive amount of karma"
"WTF are you doing water?"
"O it's a cat  better upvote"
"Hannic Montcage"
"Upcoming Disney show"
"So when I first heard of Limbaugh from across the pond  I though you were talking about this guy."
"Late for class"
"well played"
"Last night's porn [SFW]"
"How the 8 people must feel after Obama answered their question"
"What the fuck does that mean?"
"Time for reddit down GIF. Got all these pics while opening a reddit link."
"I didn't choose the thug life..."
"Central and peripheral nervous system of a human being."
"Lego Stephen Hawking"
"Animal Crossing"
"Laziness at its finest"
"Classy"
"When I dry my balls [SFW]"
"Just a lighthouse keeper out for a smoke"
"Marvel vs Capcom: BET edition [Warning: &gt;2MB Gif]"
"Why do they do this?"
"MFW I got a lot of karma from /r/politics"
"I find this otterly cute"
"My Little Brother as Thor"
"How i feel when my very first post makes it to the front page."
"Say what you will about NC  but it's got one efficient law enforcement!"
"That guy?"
"How Dogs Usually Sleep"
"Saw this on facebook  thought you guys might get a good laugh out of it."
"Trolled Hard"
"San Francisco Earthquake - Panorama from kite."
"R.I.P Neil. It looked like a lot of fun!"
"The size of ..."
"Putting our Solar System into perspective. A universal perspective."
"WTF is this a combination of???"
"free candy"
"Kid's got a point there"
"Repost  but holy sh*t do I agree with the blonde guy..."
"The hero we deserve"
"Robert Downey Kitty"
"The most amazing Halloween costume ever"
"LET ME OUT!"
"Monsters by John Kenn [edited by 4chan]"
"God no  she' got the knitting needles out again"
"I don't know what to do with my hands"
"I Regret My Career Choice"
"No. (nsfw)"
"This isn't even my final form! [Possible NSFW]"
"Soooo this is a thing now."
"Disturbing Custume of the Year"
"Milk - It Does a Body Good"
"I'm sexy and I know it"
"Bill Nye"
"well...shit"
"Somebody had to do it"
"How is he surviving that Time Vortex? I don't even."
"My reaction to all the Fb posts about the Mitt Romney Vs. Barack Obama debate."
"PUSH!!!"
"Pumpkin Birth"
"Pumpkin Forcing Another Pumpkin Out Of Its Hairy Pumpkin Vagina. Pumpkin."
"My mom sent this to me for halloween from her job as a nurse. Notice they even put hair."
"Mount for bayonet? I guess i had been doing it wrong"
"My dad never fails to surprise me..."
"last picture we ever took of our dog"
"Michael Jackson  James Brown  Bob Marley made of CD's"
"Split"
"Must get fish!"
"One of those pictures that just hurts to look at. [NSFW/L]"
"You don't have to do this..."
"ow what the fuck how did that happen"
"Too... Much... Cheezburger."
"An extremely content Tibetan Fox."
"When my Dad tells me he's building a $2000 computer just to read the news"
"I found this little guy with a knife in his eye on the street. Wouldn't trade him for anything"
"First thing I thought of!"
"Couldn't get Wild Arms out of my head for this"
"How I feel after making my first ever reddit post."
"I see your Stormtrooper-Lotus and raise another repost..."
"oh shit... [fixed]"
"Meanwhile in Canada"
"Always look on the bright side"
"I bwought you dis but it don't bounce anymore"
"Someone wants to play fetch!"
"Who's more of a man?"
"The cutest kind of curiosity."
"So Damn Manly!"
"When I didn't buy the game I wanted when it was on sale."
"&quot;And then I was all...&quot;"
"ACTIVATE PUPPEHS!"
"Hey there grape"
"They must be very successful."
"The type of snack that should be in every convenience store..."
"Saw this on Facebook entitled: The Power of Photoshop."
"Canadian problems"
"I love you with everything inside of me simply because you exist. Baby Box turtle. &lt;3"
"the dudes from The Boondock Saints"
"Yes"
"What??"
"How I felt after stumbling on to genki-genki.com from r/wtf"
"nom nom nom"
"Because dogs are way better than cats!!"
"God works in mysterious ways (x-post from r/pics)"
"I have gone my entire life without using Adblock  can I exchange silly moose for karma?"
"Have a silly moose"
"The cutest little kitten kisses"
"ever wondered what the underside of a cat sitting down looks like"
"Milky Way Over Quiver Tree Forest [3000x1198]"
"Cat climbs into fish bowl"
"Wrong joker..."
"I know how this ends."
"Lucky Car Owner."
"Critical Miss"
"Not a dog  a cat  or a moose. r/aww needs more sugar flyers"
"That's the most normal picture from Japan I've ever seen."
"Wat"
"Knock Knock"
"An ex let me know how our pets were getting on without me..."
"To the guy who outbid me on eBay at the last second"
"To all the fuckers who repost and make it to the front page."
"Cool as a cucumber."
"Should only non-Juggalos join this network?"
"So much respect"
"PRRFFFZZZTT!!!"
"Googled how to get on the front page of Reddit. Damn accurate."
"How to become an Australian Prime Minister"
"I miss this guy as president"
"Bill Clinton brings saxy back"
"How I feel when people see my place"
"How I Feel When I Have Visitors at my Crappy Basement Apartment"
"Honest Abe the Atheist"
"When you call work to tell your boss that you can't come in and it goes to the answering machine."
"How I felt job hunting this year."
"My reaction to seeing Nick Offerman in Miss Congeniality 2."
"Chicken Walk"
"My Facebook friend made this amazing sandwich"
"The original hipster..."
"My childhood...It aches!!"
"Can't decide if home invasion or scariest Halloween ever..."
"Take 40-44 pills per day"
"After never having a successful post and seeing this on the front page day after day I thought 'might as well.'"
"Baby monkey in a bath (X-Post from /r/gifs)"
"Protecting yourself from bears"
"When I see a fight break out online."
"just out of a 3 year relationship  me attempting to pick up girls"
"myspace summed up"
"So I logged into MySpace today..."
"Get your shit together Jimmy"
"Whenever I'm feeling down  this never fails to make me laugh."
"Booked my train tickets last night - Think Thetrainline.com is trying to tell me something?"
"This has gone too far..."
"My reaction every time someone thinks I'm high"
"Raptor barber"
"How I feel in class with a laptop... (X-post /r/mylittlepony)"
"How to float on water"
"Bahahahaha"
"How I feel downvoting everything after a bad day."
"First gifsound I've done. Not that good."
"Going to turn the light off real quick... [FIXED]"
"My Halloween costume from last year."
"Perfect Pickup Line"
"Going through the list of upcoming AMA's"
"Sickest Dive Ever"
"Apparently..."
"Be careful What you say."
"I think I might like this baby"
"Now  you see?"
"Meaning behind &quot;Nope&quot;"
"Mmm  appropriate?"
"It's motha fuckin Scrabble time!"
"How to Get Hit by a Car Like a Boss"
"Ready? Go!"
"Great Debate Drinking Game For Tonight"
"Presidential Debate we can all enjoy."
"Reddit PSA: Don't do this. It's suicide. I was at 3 drinks at the 15 minute mark."
"Obama-Romney debate drinking game"
"Phyllodes Imperialis (moth larva)"
"Hardest I have NOPED in a long time"
"Whenever I meet another redditor in the wild.."
"I'm pretty gangster myself..."
"I SAID NO CAMERAS!"
"Anyone remember how badass this show used to be..."
"Nigga Please"
"How I feel after being single for 8 months"
"Let me count the ways Kevin Spacey is awesome..."
"So.. This belongs here.. (NSFW)"
"Just a relaxing afternoon in the hot tub..."
"Together again at long last."
"Who is this guy?"
"It's a Crocodile! Nooo  It's a log!!"
"First Avenue in NYC"
"Volcanic eruption + lightening= wtf"
"Volcanic Eruption + Lightening (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Did I just see what I think I just saw?!"
"Rick and Little Asskicker"
"How it feels whenever i feel like i have a post that is front page worthy"
"How I discovered the Internet"
"My first thought was wtf? My second thought was  is that a grandpa or grandma? (Don't worry  not gore or sexual...well maybe a tad sexy for some.)"
"Snail on a mushroom and a drop of rain"
"i must find gonzo"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Sometimes I feel like everyone I work with is an idiot."
"Me at the end of September"
"1. October 2012 for the no-fap-september dudes"
"Ah Good Sir..."
"I don't know Why...But this makes me laugh every time!"
"Like a sir"
"The sad truth about dating sites."
"I don't even... [X-Post from r/woahdude]"
"There might be beer in the picture."
"I'm Fabulous"
"Fuck you. I'm a cat on a Roomba"
"It's so much more efficient"
"this belongs here"
"I heard about /r/spacedicks for the first time from the Obama AMA. I decided to see what it was all about... This was my reaction"
"Louis CK being hilarious as always"
"Why would you bring this to your senior photo?"
"How To Make An Idiot Waste Time"
"http://i.imgur.com/cVqRP.gif"
"Don't you believe in fairies?"
"Horrifically disgusting disease  or just great makeup?"
"he does this every test so we dont cheat"
"The reason to always listen &quot;for Christ's sake&quot;"
"Slam Dunk!"
"Obey this beautiful dog's tongue!"
"Happy birthday day Batman bin suparman!"
"Today is my birthday."
"MAD Magazine knows what's up"
"How russians deal with road rage."
"So I asked Siri what the speed of an unladen swallow was and this is what I got..."
"hahah...wait  is this mean?"
"I took this pic on my vacation to africa thought i should share with you guys"
"so whoever uses this gif gets upvoted"
"What in the world is this?!?"
"&quot;Yes father&quot;"
"I can't stop laughing"
"just a mildly disturbing gif"
"Oh Children"
"Dinner Time..."
"Possibly repost but I just love it! (A little bit nsfw)"
"ever afraid you're going to rape someone?"
"Wally Ballin' Too Hard"
"Ohhh  Cat Please Control yourself"
"The only pic that makes me sad and aww at the same time"
"That's what you get ..."
"Seems Legit."
"All Smiles [gif]"
"So Fluffy..."
"Tolerant Muslim"
"He Wasn't even one."
"Im tired of this meme already"
"New thing?"
"Data Cap"
"Would bang."
"booboo mwah"
"Uhm  yeah  sexy..."
"I wish my boyfriend would do that to me."
"Infrared fart"
"Just watched Office Space for the first time ever tonight..."
"When my favorite song comes on"
"A high quality face swap."
"GIFbomb done right"
"Very true"
"I'll just leave this here for you Reddit. (Big thanks to westnicak from r/picrequests for making this hilarious gif)"
"Batman"
"Dat resemblance"
"I am Superman"
"Pound puppies!"
"Dunno if this has been posted before...but dafuq?"
"It's easy to quit smoking.."
"fuck you rich people.......fuck you"
"Divorce Lawyer"
"What I imagine doing to my phone when the touch screen freaks out because my fingers are a little sweaty."
"Slinkies can hover in the air! Sort of!"
"When dropped  the bottom of a slinky will hover motionless until the top reaches it. [gif]"
"Looking for a distration?"
"How it feels waiting to get Borderlands 2  while still subscribed to /r/borderlands and /r/bl2guns"
"Hoe Fasho"
"Good Evening...Have a tiny elephant on a trampoline"
"I can't take how much happiness is on that cat's face"
"The Big Meowski"
"&quot;Hey /r/magicTCG I'm building a mill deck and wanted your inpu-&quot;"
"My friend just forwarded this picture to me."
"fuuuuuuck this...IM OUT!!"
"I have a funny/very unfortunate first and last name combination. This is how I feel when I meet someone for the first time  and they tease me about it."
"When i cant think of a good comeback."
"I knew Rhinos had bad eyesight  but shit..."
"greatest gif I've ever seen"
"I don't know what to say about it."
"Everybody does it"
"Should I put the punchline in the title?"
"I've been training for this my entire life"
"Speed dating done right"
"Look its Lil Wayne! Small world..."
"Subtlety is not his strong suit"
"Thanks for reminding me  Reddit."
"I get sleeping bags  but this..."
"French Bulldogs seem to be getting all the love  but Brits can be cute too!"
"No King for you."
"Screw the elevator"
"Nailed it"
"Ha  and you said it was a stupid idea... Now Look who's laughing."
"Netanyahu's Logic"
"A resident of Kyoshi argues with the corner of a house and loses"
"You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."
"Dog hugging dog"
"poop shapes. now for kids!"
"How you know your cat is retarded"
"I feel bad for my tube sock."
"Un-photoshopped original picture of my cat's costume  I swear!"
"Two days without sleep. Maybe shoulda do something about that."
"My reaction as soon as I found out that my newest post has a spelling mistake on it..."
"Every now and again..."
"Did you really think that would work?"
"*legitimate"
"I cant believe this game is already ten years old."
"Hold on weenie!"
"So it's my cake day..."
"My internet cable under the microscope"
"Classic Stewie"
"I present to you Mr. Beaber"
"Jesus shows himself in many ways (xpost from r/pics)"
"Scarlett Johansson's latest tattoo"
"Save the Ducks!"
"eyes =O"
"The Atelopus Frog  sometimes called the Clown Frog"
"Smashing!"
"All Hail Hypno Cat"
"Need a Tattoo?"
"That's another way to look at abortion"
"A true American hero"
"Happiness Level - 100."
"It took me 7 years to get the underground blueprints of Disneyland."
"Whippet better"
"Gummy Worms [NSFW]"
"How I felt today when I found out my ex just got engaged (she's 17!)"
"How I felt after I found out Reddit was down on the day I wasn't on the internet..."
"Please ...."
"A magic fucking chair. That is all."
"Manager frisked me because I wouldn't turn out my pockets to prove I didn't have a phone on me"
"Gangsta rap made them do it"
"Burning Mercury Thiocyanide"
"Remember (Summer '11): Shower To Go"
"How I felt as the designated driver tonight."
"See  sometimes you just have to TAKE the pussy  like Pepe!!"
"Now this is a great pair of Tits"
"Googled &quot;space cats&quot;... I ain't even mad"
"What browsing Reddit with my family around is like"
"Faces of Atheism"
"I had the same thought...."
"The wasteland should have theese! [X-post from /R/WTF]"
"So Close  Yet So Far..."
"Don't worry Bambi  I'll help you"
"What? For me? Thank you!"
"Skeleton harvester"
"So this is what facebook has resorted to..."
"Boy that escalated quickly"
"Saw this on my Facebook feed... Boy that escalated quickly."
"Seriously Facebook?"
"Cutest baby lion."
"This makes my sides hurt."
"Get back here!"
"scruffy stahp"
"So we meet again!"
"A submarine surfacing... at the North Pole."
"I really want to take a walk."
"Glad to see Capcom pleasing fans for a change."
"Why would you? Oh... Nevermind."
"Ouch"
"The Cutest Thing I Have Ever Witnessed!"
"Mondays"
"My Physics teacher as the Black Knight from the Holy Grail with a few students"
"My Physics Teacher at a Halloween party (with some friends and I)"
"I see your Knight who says Ni and raise you a Black knight"
"Call of Duty logic these days."
"This Is what I would do."
"D-D-Deal With It"
"How I Feel About Being A Redditor"
"Some mysteries were just meant to go unanswered."
"Meanwhile in India"
"Well the hat did say it..."
"Shave off a few pounds they said"
"photoshop level: painful"
"Campaign poster troll."
"Lost dawg"
"Everyday on Facebook"
"Please help me find out what this crustacean is?"
"Ten Goat"
"Genius bed"
"This would be a great solution to that &quot;other arm&quot; problem while spooning."
"Hot babe hitler"
"Kangaroo logic"
"Grace."
"What I feel like when I get put back into the same COD lobby I ragequit from."
"This made me laugh waay more than it should have."
"/b/ does a rage comic."
"collide kitty"
"Scumbag Driver Steve"
"Mmmhm seems right"
"Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"Not impressed!!"
"Bleach"
"Secretly We Are Gay"
"Chile's Puyehue volcano erupting"
"So  this happened in Chile circa 2008. What other artistically catastrophic events have you seen photos of?"
"That awkward moment when you realize people are watching you eat"
"My reaction when someone writes top or feed."
"When I told him he was an inbred [FIXED]"
"How I look like when my mom walks on me at 1 AM when I'm eating"
"I don't read the bible but this is a work of genius"
"Amazing shot..."
"This is one of the best face juggles I made"
"Diving Derp"
"Jim Parsons side job: Mexican hair growth clinic model"
"A full list of everything Hitler has done wrong"
"Damn you reddit! You got me curious..."
"Why would you even take a picture of that?"
"Can anybody tell me how to get to sesame street"
"Just nomming on some animal crackers when suddenly..."
"Just Burt Reynolds in some thigh-high boots and.....I don't even know....."
"Grumpy cat on Cod"
"Seriously though... Wtf?!?!"
"Japan (back to the reposts)"
"Definitely need something like this for the next time I go out for a night on the town with a friend."
"I am Rita."
"Baby Snow Monkey Settling into to Hot Spring Bath"
"'Cat' uses Scratch! It's not very effective!"
"Guile's Theme goes with the Dance move that goes with anything."
"blghblghblghblghblglhblg"
"The more intelligent sex (FB)"
"Pawns can do that also.."
"How I felt watching Obama lose the debate"
"DO A BARREL ROLL!!!"
"Social Media Explained"
"The pee list"
"Please someone tell me it is not true. That would be so insane. The commenter could not make that connection..."
"Whenever makeup companies discontinue a fantastic product"
"Paint me..."
"Keep misreading it"
"Oh Bender."
"The first thing I would do if I had a Portal gun [FIXED]"
"Shake your arms like Henry"
"Would you eat here?"
"sailing like a boss"
"Did anyone else have an odd attraction to this game inside Encarta Encyclopedia?"
"Kid after my own heart."
"Little guys got the right idea"
"My thoughts after breaking up with my girlfriend."
"Old but great - Stephen Fry on 'offence'"
"For a better start in life.."
"Laserjesus the superhero."
"He disproved Jeebus right there."
"Whenever my wife goes into a fitting room with about 20 items of clothing"
"my friend who delivers pizza gave this to a girl he had a crush on.. they are a happy couple now"
"Cooking with Skrillex"
"I must attain one of these."
"I'm gonna be listening out for radio competitions to try something like this on!"
"A true hero. Made my shitty day!"
"I see a potential problem..."
"Searched &quot;was not disappointed&quot; on google. Was not disappointed."
"I too googled &quot;I was not disappointed&quot; and I have to say I was not disappointed."
"Because  who doesn't want a Christopher Walken mask?"
"My school today"
"Brought this for my wife to save me the trouble."
"This popped up on my facebook  thought you guys might get a kick out of it."
"Nah It will never take off. Story by Dot Comme O_O"
"What is happening in this?"
"Wat."
"Upmoat."
"R.I.P. Mike"
"Shanghai 1990 vs 2010"
"Sweeper move  BOOM!"
"What's that thing called coming up the east coast?"
"Biology... potentially nsfw."
"It's Friday!!! So here's a Princess Leia wallpaper"
"Girl &quot;dancing&quot; in pyjamas"
"Photo of a tiger my sister shot in Bali."
"Polar bear criticized Putin on Animal Planet  gets arrested by Russian authorities."
"LOLOLOL"
"Ting-a Ting-a"
"My favorite face swap"
"Fucking flowers."
"Screw the bat  give me a mace - FIXED (maybe NSFL)"
"How will New England ever recover?"
"I don't think that's right..."
"Interesting advertising strategy in Japan"
"The Dark Knight"
"The Hero Reddit Needs and probably wants"
"High-five hell yeah!"
"Pony on Board - The Be Sharps"
"'For Cats Only'"
"Giants win the world series..."
"inspiration from bruce lee  that is all."
"They need to make a sequel for this."
"Still one of my favorite images on the Internet."
"The Mona Diesel"
"Credibility is key"
"The hunchCat of Notre Dame"
"and this is THRILLER!!"
"'Chocolate? Chocoshchsmmm' Rage-ified"
"So it begins"
"Alien vs. Predator"
"I raise your Betty White in 1957 with Betty White in 2010"
"Can't see me!"
"How getting in a comment fight on Reddit feels."
"How I feel when arguing with religious people on the internet"
"How I feel when I have to type in my own user name and password into reddit on my own computer."
"oh  religion"
"What did one ocean say to the other?"
"[SPOILERS] The Dark Knight Rises  summed up in one gif"
"3D Gummy Bear Anatomy"
"Gummy worm xray"
"Stan Lee in 1973"
"Kids  this is the story of How I Met Your Mother"
"He had a dick attack."
"Goblin sharks are fucking terrifying!"
"So much win!"
"NOPPEEE"
"Stay classy  Texas! (seen outside a Shell station)"
"Breakfast time"
"Looks like the cat's not out of the bag."
"A bright torch illuminates a freezing snow tunnel in Russia"
"Mark Twain was one of us"
"Use the force..."
"Lake Effect Snow"
"Oh well since it was on the counter for two days thats ok..."
"Barrack enjoying student life."
"After two months  how I feel waiting for my mom and her new girlfriend to get through their honeymoon phase..."
"Just Zach being Zach"
"Best family photo ever [xpost from r/funny]"
"How I act when I try flirting with a girl"
"Dead Jew Child"
"Why does this exist?"
"THATS IT  IM DONE. No more internet for me today. (sayed the redditor never)"
"I can't get it out of my HEAD!"
"Can't get my head around you!"
"On the catwalk"
"Am I the only one that thought of this when the news about Hostess was released?"
"Explosion"
"And that is why I never travel by fire"
"You Are The Universe Experiencing Itself"
"Puberty! You did 66% right."
"What did he think was going to happen?"
"Oh George  why?"
"Money talks (xpost)"
"New Restored Faith in Humanity"
"How the hell has he not crashed yet?!"
"I thought you were dead!"
"A necessary component to any family room"
"Happy Canada Day!"
"baked potato guinea pig"
"The beginning is near."
"Sent to me by my dad."
"I think I found the holiday cards I'll be sending out this year"
"ADVERTISING! Doing it right."
"googled &quot;jew&quot; was not disapointed"
"For you Dream Theater fans out there..."
"Giving a blow job to an invisible man. ( Coughing )"
"This game makes me cry bacon flavored tears of nostalgia"
"For me  this is the best part of the fall season."
"The perfect comeback"
"You know you wish you had the balls to say this."
"Garden Party"
"Endeavour &amp; JSF"
"The best shirt ever"
"I don't even want to know whats going on here"
"spongebob kills power rangers"
"Woll Smoth."
"Totoro Time!"
"Happens to me all the time in the toilet"
"&quot;How I feel as a Canadian&quot; cross-post from r/funny (actor Kit Harrington from Game of Thrones)"
"GIF Sound Mashups"
"You're bringing back...the memories."
"Ive seen some serious shit man! [gif]"
"Astral Entity (2048x1195)"
"Hurricane Mr. Mittens"
"Can anyone tell me where this is if it's real?"
"Saftey Dance!"
"Having A Good Time"
"Beard slap"
"Beard Slap"
"This is my favorite gif of all time...you should probably post yours as well."
"Need an airport? Nailed it!"
"How I feel when smokeing some one out for there first time (ever)"
"My heart melts seeing this.."
"Golden Cocker Retriever full grown - Forever a puppy"
"Underwater Cave"
"unfortunately  this appears true"
"Octopus in Italy"
"if only real gyms were like this  i would be there everyday"
"My friend mixed up Star Trek and Star Wars. I posted this on his Facebook wall."
"Correct"
"Friendly Stingray Photobomb"
"Scientists at work"
"Obviously a republican."
"A different perspective [pic]"
"Ahhh  shit."
"Whale whale whale"
"What would these talk about if they met?"
"Fine  I'm walking home."
"My reaction when I first found r/spacedicks."
"F*cking Galaxy!"
"Oh Craigslist..."
"I choose YOU! {:"
"No I won't give this to you..."
"This is my best friend!"
"Whoops"
"Hang on  ill send you a photo of my newborn baby"
"(FIXED) As a &quot;white&quot; gamer  this is what I deal with on the daily basis..."
"Wat"
"My favorite gif"
"When puns get out of hand"
"Taken this morning on a pier in Seattle."
"This was on my facebook feed- you have got to be kidding me....."
"Really  Facebook..?"
"Fairly common thing to happen?"
"The most astounding fact about the universe."
"You know  there are reasons why the lines are drawn."
"Every time i try to talk to a pretty girl"
"Once again I feel I must say that  as happy as we are for your weight-loss  there are better subs to post them to than r/pics."
"Oh yes. It's happening."
"Maybe he should have put the Do Not Disturb sign up. (NSFW) (GIF)"
"You will never be this cool."
"The fastest PC ever made"
"Haters can't touch this comb over."
"Dear god I hope none of this is true"
"I'm Eddy and I know it!"
"Le gem LOL"
"Concerned dad"
"Was not expecting that..."
"WTF Ken???"
"It's all about the Benjamins"
"&quot;...And the boy did. And the tree was happy. &quot;"
"hipster kitten"
"Unexpected"
"My thoughts after browsing through Maxim's &quot;Hot&quot; 100"
"I found the context"
"I found the context [xpost from r/gifsounds]"
"How big is it?"
"Danish cop  skateboarding"
"i just found out my best friend is a creationist [FIXED]"
"Whenever I post to /r/Advice Animals"
"this was the highlight of my weekend!"
"The saddest picture you will ever witness."
"Bear hunting armor from the 1800s"
"Fuck everything."
"Fuck everything"
"Don't think I've ever been as protective of a virtual character before her"
"NY/NJ subway flooded"
"An incredible photo  from a security cam  of waters flooding into Hoboken station."
"PATH Station in NJ"
"Closest to Facebook gold I've found so far."
"Damn it  he won again!"
"Guess I'll Get Seedless Watermelons... [x-post from r/funny]"
"Finally! Now I can pee all over the floor too."
"As a european watching the Obama - Romney debate."
"Cakeday. I googled &quot;The happiest picture in the world&quot; to cheer myself up after this week."
"Looks like bubble-gum"
"Opening the front page without being signed in..."
"I swear  the next time I see a post titled something like &quot;It had to be done&quot;..."
"So inspiring"
"Clouds"
"Whenever I win an argument against multiple people."
"Enough Misty cosplays"
"Reading my syllabus and finding out I don't need to buy a textbook for the class"
"Box Inception"
"'Merica!"
"Once."
"Sometimes  science can be mean..."
"Most &quot;christians&quot; I know feel this way."
"Star Wars Poster Art (5500x3750)"
"I...I don't even...God dammit...Why?! Why Nicholas?!"
"I...I don't even...God dammit...Why?! Why Nicholas?! (x-post from r/pics)"
"My local library put this up regarding Lance Armstrong books - Fiction / Non-Fiction"
"Remembering the 90's."
"New super hero revealed at Comic-Con."
"One of the scariest pictures I have ever seen."
"Actions speak louder than words"
"mirror mirror on the wall  which of these hats will doom us all?"
"Well that's an interesting speed limit"
"Equations..."
"POW right in the kissa"
"Old Schlitz Beer ad I found from back in the day: Great Advertising! - Imgur"
"Meanwhile in Australia..."
"Thank you  American Apparel"
"Rap"
"Underwater stairs."
"Medusa"
"The Periodic Table"
"So  Elementz just got benched..."
"That bench looks pretty unstable"
"Puppy Love"
"I'm Real"
"the fuck did you call me?!?!"
"How to tell if your son is gay"
"No umbrella? Try your tail!"
"You have my permission to dance"
"Any second Bane..."
"Blue Ice Cave in Antarctica"
"MFW they mention the presidential debates in Britain"
"You guys just got Torchlight 2? I've had it for over 40 years."
"Eat your vegetables!"
"I can hear this GIF"
"Now that Reddit's back  here's my cake day post."
"Didn't put sandals on as I was pumping gas. Saw another guy also without shoes"
"Scumbag Doctors."
"A storm is coming"
"I may have laughed too hard at this"
"How I feel when I take the bus"
"English Angora bunny"
"So Much Win."
"404-Error"
"All BF3 servers getting fixed in a couple of minutes. a.k.a No more rubber banding!"
"Someone tell me where this is from. I seek the full video."
"Got a 6-pack in seconds!!!!!!!!"
"&quot;The universe...&quot; -xkcd (xpost)"
"&quot;The universe...&quot; -xkcd (xpost)"
"i dont even know how to describe this.."
"Just Neil DeGrasse Tyson Resting his Head on Bill Nye's Shoulder."
"Ghostbusters!"
"Zoe  the only captive golden Zebra known in existence"
"when you see it.... (NSFW)"
"Every time I wash my hands this happens."
"Classic tree porn"
"I have no words"
"Someone Recently Posted claiming to be me  then someone else posted  but this is the real me. They lied and I did not currently get back from Afghan. But my dog is still a princess."
"All your WTF posts disgust me"
"Whenever I try to hit on someone"
"Never forget"
"Minnie's dress."
"My favorite GIF of all time"
"After a few days of trying to be an active part of the reddit community  this sums up the experience."
"That's about right."
"Really google?THIS is what you give me for &quot;sheep&quot;?"
"Extensive reserch"
"Following the instructions"
"that feel when you realize this woman has a boyfriend and you're single."
"Back to school essentials in Poland"
"Got to stock up."
"Finally.. some porn I can get in to (NSFW) [x-post]"
"6000 RIM jobs"
"Not one fuck was givin this day"
"A stuttering traffic cone"
"The Protector"
"the day 2chan moefied a map."
"Sean Connery: Time Traveler"
"They must be married."
"In a safe place"
"It reminds me of an ostrich  but I just don't know..."
"Close enough..."
"Keep it saxy"
"When people try to draw on me at a party."
"Fuck You Kid"
"HURR DURR"
"I whip my neck back and forth"
"Let me come out slowly"
"How To Deal With Bullies"
"lololololol"
"How i feel after showing my brother Reddit"
"_ U N T"
"......Well that surprised me......"
"Browsing r/aww lately"
"Beware Joey Chestnut..."
"Whenever I listen to good ol' hip hop..."
"Going against the current"
"Honestly this is what I think of when people talk about Sandy"
"Life &amp; Death"
"Butterfly eyeball."
"Jimmy John's is getting a bit aggressive with their advertising"
"Are you sure thats what you want to name your son?"
"Bruce Lee?!?!"
"This is a photograph  not a painting."
"How I feel having nothing to post on my cakeday"
"How I feel right now because I missed the season 8 premiere"
"My friends playing jenga"
"A good way to make the cat go to bed..."
"Transformers on x."
"This guy for sure loves his cat."
"Role reversal."
"Good Kitty"
"'Are we powerin' up?' 'Ah yeah  we're powerin' up.'"
"How Cute --"
"i still find this cute"
"my friends cat"
"Epic Skirllix Mouth."
"Cracks a hell of a drug"
"I want so badly to know the events leading to this situation"
"My favorite C&amp;H"
"How I feel about r/atheism sometimes."
"Dropbears - A serious threat to all humanity"
"Dropbears. Don't become another statistic. [NSFW]"
"Sandy  I need water"
"Sandy."
"&quot;I... NEED IT!&quot;"
"Drying your hands when there's no paper towels."
"A Romanian child hands a heart-shaped balloon to riot police during protests against austerity measures in Bucharest. It is pictures like this that remind me of the fact that all is not lost."
"Thank you guys  the signal is better now !"
"Almost as bad as monopoly."
"photogenic"
"How I feel like as the only single guy in my class (with 65 women)."
"Some of my favorite atheism pics."
"How I Imagine my girlfriend would react if I came on her face without warning... (SFW)"
"Hurricane Update."
"Take-offs multiple exposure"
"I'm cooler"
"MT. Roramia  Brazil [960x720]"
"Congress of Freaks - Baileys Circus (1924) [1185x671] (X-Post from History Porn)"
"I need this shirt !"
"Rubik's cube for the blind [FIXED]"
"Always be prepared."
"I mustache."
"I mustache you a question"
"When I was 13 I masturbated to her [FIXED][FIXED]"
"Some hateful people did this to a Mosque in Harrisonburg near JMU today. My thoughts and apologies go out to anyone who uses this Mosque. Dont let the ignorant few affect the respectful majority."
"Gay marriage in a nutshell"
"Things you can only do with boys."
"misanthrope..?"
"Night photograph of my friend illuminating herself with an iphone."
"My Min-Pin waking up from bladder surgery"
"Legend of Zelda timeline. Pretty interesting"
"The fuck..."
"Mom wouldn't let us buy this game  but we rented it every other week."
"Your mom would enjoy"
"Air Bubble inside Water at the ISS"
"An air bubble inside a drop of water aboard the International Space Station"
"Perfect loop..."
"Shock &amp; Awe."
"Some things don't require a title"
"How I feel watching older Family Guy episodes."
"Meet Vader's Girlfriend"
"Pulp Fiction Panda"
"Just a panda gettin' his groove on..."
"I'm so fresh"
"It's...beautiful"
"King of the world!"
"WARNING - Gravity well detected"
"Whenever someone pretends to give a shit"
"The irony..."
"This is the image for my friends' nonprofit for testicular cancer called &quot;Sacks of Love&quot;. Wanna show them some love?"
"The snozzberries taste like snozzberries."
"Fuck off Jesus"
"Meanwhile in Finland"
"Shit that freaked me out"
"Happy Star Wars [Fixed][Fixed]"
"A modern day warrior named Tom Sawyer"
"Obi Wan Kenobi - Wake Me Up"
"When i'm on the internet"
"o.o why  Walt?"
"Ann Coulter responds to critics of the &quot;retard tweet&quot;"
"Young Christopher Walken"
"care bears don't fuck around"
"How I feel upgrading from a five year old laptop."
"An International School Teacher Asks a Question.."
"Ricky Gervais on Atheism"
"Every time I post outside of r/trees. [3]"
"Being a collegiate swimmer in Portland (swim starts in spetember) WE HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 4AM"
"Nope  nope  nope!"
"Lightning show at the Grand Canyon...."
"$20  one thrift store  close enough?"
"Cats are role models. Appreciate them."
"A baby Macaque"
"My entire high school English career"
"Haters."
"It's a dangerous business  parking your car..."
"When you cannot unsee"
"I feel you bro"
"Meet EmmyLou"
"aspergers"
"My parents just don't get it..."
"We have bigger problems"
"It's all fun and games until you get raped in a cave"
"SOON"
"Fuck this shit its Friday!"
"At least it's Friday-Eve."
"It took me several minutes to see &quot;it&quot;. Not that I stared at this picture for several minutes. The first time anyway."
"Amazing Line Work"
"Is anyone else aroused by this?"
"Strangely arousing..."
"Do you have a minute to talk about Christ ou-"
"&quot;Excuse me do you have time to talk about Christ?&quot;"
"with all of this talk about Oreos - &quot;look to the cookie&quot;"
"I fucking love sweeping"
"Slow down Mama!"
"My attempt at imgur roulette"
"When you see it (NSFW)"
"Woody Harrelson's reaction to the news about Twinkies"
"Every time friends show me a new link"
"When you see a mosquito on your friend"
"Will there be telekinesis in the future? [gif] (r/futurology)"
"Those must be sharp scissors."
"Makes me smile every time"
"Awesome baby turtle anyone?"
"This is what happens when you let your kids change their own diapers"
"Jewelry for fidgeters"
"Stretching... Not even once."
"dont mock cats"
"What it feels like when I drive in the morning after a powdery snow fell."
"The true god shall have the most even of tans."
"Would you take a look at that door real quick"
"Looking for wallpapers on 4chan is a bad idea."
"Weak floor..."
"Evacuate the dance floor"
"This is delici.....Awww..."
"I'm glad Obama is taking an explicitly pro-meme position."
"McKayla and Obama not impressed"
"Not Impressed"
"The &quot;I have no idea what I'm doing&quot; chemistry dog without text"
"I think she made a friend [FTFY]"
"What happens when a deer &amp; a corgi fall in love."
"What happens when a deer &amp; a corgi fall in love?"
"Holy fuck this is cool O.o"
"Favourite moment from Wilfred"
"Java Jive"
"So I stood up and..."
"Me  a dog lover  reading through all the grumpy cat memes."
"This just...works."
"Wait a minute..."
"Things are just slightly WTF in the alternate universe"
"An Artist's Rendition of Reddit"
"Reddit's &quot;Soul&quot;"
"How I feel when I find my boyfriend's penis."
"Wifey came home with a Victoria's Secrets bag"
"When i found out that links don't turn purple in Google Chrome's incognito mode"
"[gif] Chemiluminescence from Nitrous Oxide and Carbon Disulfide"
"Hit the random gallery button on imgur. Never laughed so hard in my life."
"The cutest thing I've ever seen in my life..."
"Julia Roberts"
"Dog Afraid Of Julia Roberts"
"I never realized Julia Roberts was that scary..."
"Video games at a [10]"
"*Yaaawwwn.*"
"Beer pong interrupted by santa... kinda"
"Santa will never be the same."
"Spread the word to the duckfaces"
"Meh... I'll eat it with a diet coke."
"Just an Icicle"
"The next logical progression..."
"Everest"
"Mount Everest as seen from Drukair [2971x1615]"
"Mount Everest as seen from Drukair"
"The smallest man in the world dancing with his cat."
"Last words..."
"This is Alex Holland  He has been proclaimed as the best free soloist (climbing with no rope) in the world."
"A Hedgehog Cuddling With a Raspberry"
"This Sucks."
"WHAT'S UP GUYS?!"
"'You told me you love me a thousand times. Now show it!'"
"'You told me you love me a thousand times. Now show it!'"
"I shouldn't see this if I'm not looking for it"
"Never been with a one legged chick before"
"Glorious"
"Just thinking about stuff..."
"Guys wut are you doing? Stahp"
"Anti-Japanese demonstrations are spreading across China like wildfire. Pictured: peaceful rallies  violent rallies  Japanese cars  dealerships and stores set on fire  and moments of unexpected hilarity."
"I love her.."
"My favorite comic [Fixed]"
"A picture I took yesterday in Tahrir Square  Cairo  at 11 PM."
"worst gif ever."
"My New Lock Screen"
"Walking home after a bootycall (about an hour ago)"
"Cross post from r/funny. What do people think of Robert Downey Jr.'s suit/shoes combo?"
"I missed my cakeday yesterday. This is how I feel."
"New redditor here. Been lurking for quite some time. Here's the best thing I could think of to be my first post. Some of you have seen this. All of you should love it."
"What I think after the debates and over a year of campaigning"
"How I feel in preparation of removing a plantar wart that has plagued me for months."
"The Greatest Thing Ever!"
"Gangnam Style"
"I stepped on somebody"
"A massive storm cloud twists above wheat fields in western Nebraska"
"Getting ready for halloween with my son."
"Thank you fellow Redditor for this helpful review"
"Cakeday bitches!"
"All those moments will be lost in time  like tears in rain. Time to die"
"I am going to get myself a panda one day."
"My current wallpaper  share your own in the comments."
"Best way to pass time..."
"woman impregnated by 3d film"
"Seems Legit..."
"3D Is Amazing!"
"The Secret For Getting Straight A’s"
"My new wallpaper"
"Yo. I died for your sins  motherfucker."
"aaron paul wins the emmy for best supporting actor!"
"Still upset over his lost KGB job?"
"My reaction when I get too many down votes"
"Beatles from above"
"Above the beatles."
"Sharp dressed man!"
"Scrubbin' Bubbles are real!?"
"A huge detailed pic of Rover Opportunity at Endeavour Crater on Mars. 3 090px × 3 809px"
"I felt like this belonged here"
"suddenly...."
"Suddenly..."
"My childhood is completely gone."
"Math Teacher Fail."
"Mother of god..."
"Gotta love them Youtube comments..."
"Michael Phelps showing off his gold."
"Super Storm Sandy makes Manhattan look like Gotham City. (x-post from r/Sandy)"
"Fuck Aquaman"
"Majestic Sunrise from the Summit of Mount Fuji"
"crazy NHL doppleganger in stands"
"NHL Coach Doppelganger"
"inflatable unicorn horn for cats!"
"Sometimes you ask &quot;how did I come to this point?&quot; (NSFW)"
"How I feel redditors view my first post."
"You mean to tell me..."
"One bite"
"OM NOM NOM NOM! (GIF)"
"Oh thats a cool little shark... wait WHAT"
"'MERRICA!"
"This is my cat Minion... in his Halloween costume"
"Found on facebook!"
"I'm writing a children's book (The Sims 3)."
"Nice"
"How I feel when getting an upvote."
"Dog takes own leg for a walk"
"Makes sense... I guess.."
"Lower Manhattan has seen better days.."
"This is what it looks like in Manhattan at Ave C and 20th street right now. Photo by David S. Spivak"
"Just hanging out on my swing"
"Going straight to hell"
"Facebook &quot;like whore&quot; Extremist"
"Gabe Newell's theme song to great success. (Lyrics are a history of Valve)"
"The top 20 pirating countries in the world  the total number of torrent downloads over the past six months and the most popular shared artist in each country. [BBC]"
"I see myself as a passionate masturbator  but maybe not this passionate..."
"...Oops..I..I think I broke Physics"
"The true story behind the Rugrats Tv Show"
"The vast majority of Facebook posts."
"Funniest one I've seen so far."
"The equivalent of a hamster running wheel for a cat is...."
"What it has felt like trying to make a good post for my cake day."
"it's a serious problem"
"Anyone remember this guy?"
"Go get 'em tiger!"
"Moon Bridge Taiwan"
"As a twin  when someone asks me if we have the same middle name"
"Twitchy Romney shooting"
"Mitt-pain"
"This girl's hair formed a perfect hair beard when she jumped in the air (x-post from r/mildlyinteresting)"
"I saw this GIF and it seemed perfect."
"Nope  nope  nope  nope  nope  ah fuck it!"
"I finally get it."
"Rebels vs. cat"
"I'm having flashbacks."
"When I found out Jersey Shore still has one season left"
"This is exactly how I feel we look every time my brother (6'4&quot;) and I get into a fight! (x-post r/funny)"
"Redditor brings high powered fan on a safari  blowing down giraffes and blowing up his karma"
"The best way to tie your hair (NSFW)"
"No human will ever be as badass as this."
"This seat is reserved"
"DEEZ NUTZ"
"She fucked you like a bitch dude."
"Oh you know  the usual. Spinning jumping and kicking and shit"
"Tyrannosaurus Cthulu"
"San Fransisco (1906)  Photo from Airship"
"San Francisco  1906"
"Excuse the repost  but I thought it was time the newer redditors saw my all time favorite post"
"boing!"
"You can't beat the Axis if you have VD."
"Yololo"
"No Thanks..."
"Good guy Muslim  because there's always a bright side"
"Religion of peace?"
"Whenever I meet a girl and we have something in common"
"A wild exponential function appears!"
"Handsome Jack Logic (Borderlands2)"
"Like A Moss!"
"This is why the airport is closed (cross post from /r/Brisbane)"
"Lightning hitting a plane"
"How the.... What?"
"This is mind-numbing."
"I'd love to blow in her face  if you know what I mean"
"How I poop in a bathroom with potpourri"
"So THAT'S why we never saw his Dad. Mind = Blown."
"Turns out Dyson makes Gravity Hammers"
"How not to pose with your dog"
"USA Vs. Mexico- Border Volleyball"
"What I love about my parents is that after 41 years of marriage  they still know how to embarrass their kids."
"If you die in Canada"
"My cousin just bought a puppy for his kids"
"I`m a swinger"
"How's It Going? Are You Flowing?"
"Impressive Collection"
"Nicholas Cage The Elephant"
"She sure does love tasers!"
"Pikachu used tackle! It was super effective!"
"Someone at Walmart is missing a burrito"
"back in my day... - Imgur"
"Made me laugh!"
"Lost about 5 hours of progress because of this today. Can we get some specific timestamps please  Steam? &quot;Today&quot; doesn't cut it."
"Anyone else think &quot;Slimes&quot; when they saw this?"
"A stool just for sluts"
"NEED this poster!"
"AWKward..."
"This kid is going places"
"Slightly NSFW for anthropomorphic pregnant unicorn with tits."
"Get off your high horse!"
"How I feel driving by a cop while driving with an expired license."
"This is a largely forgotten classic cartoon that was a big part of my childhood."
"I had a dream like that once"
"Don't fuck with Karma."
"I Will Destroy You"
"Went to /r/purple today..."
"What happens when I Resubmit a link that went to the Junk Filter only to get it Massively Downvoted later."
"How I feel after the announcement of the iPhone 5..."
"Noon."
"Noon (x-post from /r/pics)"
"Dads going to be so spoilt!"
"Happy fathers day"
"Spoil Dad this Father's Day"
"Spoil fathers day.. (first post)"
"And I got him DVDs for Father's Day. Rookie mistake..."
"Hey Girls  there are even more options this year !"
"That moment that your crush likes a photo of you."
"This is the actual county I live in."
"You'd think she'd like being all dressed up."
"My friends and I going to the beach this summer"
"That makes so much sense now!"
"Anon hugs girl"
"Anyone know the true story behind this pic?"
"Oh Japan  do your fetishes never cease?"
"How I feel after coming back to r/atheism with all the new Islam posts."
"Humans are evolving into something greater"
"And...SWITCH!"
"Can't get me!"
"Took me little longer than I care to admit to figure out was was wrong with this"
"We will never forget"
"I'm about at 5."
"A 4chan meetup."
"Where are your happy little trees NOW?!?"
"Post birth child abortion."
"I don't even....... (Hurricane Sandy)"
"Sharks still scare me the most..."
"What my GF asks when I come home pissed off from work."
"Friends"
"Sometimes you need to nap in the middle of your snack."
"The first day of the rest of your life..."
"Becca Stahp"
"Youtube comments in a nutshell."
"Youtube in a nutshell."
"Me Trying the imgur Roulette Game"
"After browsing reddit for a day  MGM decided to change their logo...."
"Hi Guys  my brother did an amazing set of the Olympics dress rehearsal. I hope you enjoy!"
"How I picture people who watch soap operas."
"Yes. You finally can haz the God-damn cheezburger."
"But its free.."
"hakunamatata"
"Slutty Bert and Ernie costumes... wat."
"Toot"
"The oft-forgotten &quot;side butt&quot;."
"lol wut"
"Perfect Timing of a Wildlife Photographer"
"OH YEAH!"
"With. Out. Fail."
"How I feel about my latest Geek Squad experience..."
"Stumbling  4:00am  dead on."
"If this makes you laugh  go the fuck to bed"
"Shut the fuck up."
"Now I really want to try that! (.gif)"
"DIY Jetpack is AWESOME!"
"Emma Watson Lingerie"
"Just a cute little Panda..."
"Perception [pic]"
"Get off the table!"
"What I hope my trip to India is like"
"Childhood ruined"
"Lance Armstrong admits to interior design addiction."
"Spread it."
"spread it All over"
"Awesome hotel in Zaandam  Netherlands"
"Move  bitch II"
"Me trying to catch a ball in any sport"
"Even gods have their moments"
"Floating Lanterns - Thailand - by Patrice Carlton"
"How to transform your cat into a hamster"
"Crunchy Nut Doritos in Japan"
"Wife Material"
"These always get me."
"Not much but the furthest I ever got (SMB)"
"Good for him..."
"Memory Lane"
"Spy kids if you guys don't know.."
"My reaction when someone doesn't tip me on a delivery"
"my view on politics"
"Meanwhile  at the Adventure Club Concert..."
"Who I imagine is upvoting all of the Reposts (Fixed)"
"Deep center"
"Diablo costume"
"Kid Cuisine is badass."
"The Denver Broncos girls and Robin Williams"
"Kermit and Vincent. Happy Halloween!!"
"I think Siri is getting tired of our shit"
"Scrap metal bender (xpost /r/pics)"
"Amazing Pacman Chalk Art"
"This is a repost so..."
"How I feel as a mac user seeing all the Borderlands posts."
"Heh...reddit president"
"Wisconsin ATM at a bar."
"When someone says 1 Direction are better then the Beatles"
"When someone changes the song."
"Someone in my class said 9GAG was a funny site"
"How I imagine it feels being an American (and monolingual) in any other part of the world."
"Cant wait till Thanksgiving"
"Behold  the most useless invention ever created..."
"Why?!"
"Playing with them. (NSFW)"
"Does your country have this?"
"I'm sure I'm doing this right"
"Transformers: Revenge of the fallen."
"Saw this on Reddit a few months ago  if you haven't seen it yet  your welcome."
"Katy Perry Album."
"I freaking loved these!"
"Take that Jack"
"A friendly way to alert people of potholes."
"Oh  you're a photographer? That's nice..."
"I see what you did there..."
"I guess I wasn't the only who dislikes 4square"
"I'm not stallin' anymore"
"Took me a minute."
"'The Talk' using pens"
"How to explain sex to your children."
"Donald Duck is a PIMP"
"Here's how I imagine Scientologists argue the validity of their religion."
"Reddit lately after President Camacho and Obama's AMA"
"Mommy.... U Stepped On Me!"
"Popped up on the newsfeed! Want!"
"Deadpool and Boba Fett join forces for the greatest team up of all time. (x-post from /r/comicbooks)"
"Every time i think a girl likes me....."
"The Aurora from Space"
"Geirangerfjord  Norway."
"Whenever my dad tries to show me something funny on the Internet."
"When my bf gets off work and starts browsing Reddit."
"Not sure if Fry or just REALLY drunk?¿"
"drunken fry"
"Can't believe I never thought of this"
"Why volleyball is awesome"
"Someone  somewhere..."
"Someone  somewhere..."
"Pregnancy is a beautiful thing."
"sleepy head . __ . &quot;"
"Bad Luck Brian took a trip to Gotham."
"So  I tied my Iphone to a kite."
"When The Walking Dead took a mid season break"
"Can't say my Dad ever did this. (x-post from r/4chan)"
"Well  this is a shitty circumstance..."
"YYEEEEEEAAAAHHHHH!!!"
"Very influential picture."
"Whenever people talk about their failed posts..."
"What can you see in your pupil?"
"So  there's this sign....so true..."
"Construction of Manhattan Bridge in 1909."
"Manhattan Bridge 1909 Resized [1080p]"
"That ain't no lie!"
"Includes an elbow! Only 49.99"
"Whale Shark  coast of Djibouti"
"You know you want it"
"Wife asked me when I was coming home? I sent her a picture of a pile of paperwork on my desk. Later this evening she sent me this text. I was about to tear up."
"Take A Ride On My Tower of Pisa"
"Greatest Idea or Worst Idea?"
"Well  this is horrifying."
"the bear necessities of life"
"Saw this pop up on fb"
"Does this bother you?"
"Another teacher (English) at work has a bumper sticker that says &quot;I drive like a Cullen&quot;"
"my close lesbian friend left to go to 'lunch' with her girlfriend yesterday  my reaction was as follows.."
"If you don't have the resources to buy one  make one!"
"MacBook.... WTF?"
"threatening marketing."
"What every guys wants in a girl"
"Essentially my philosophy on life"
"Too much bacon? Nahhhh"
"Frozen windshield [x-post from /r/mildlyinteresting]"
"too tan"
"That's enough."
"Oh... Fuck you  human!"
"k."
"I want to marry that stick figure."
"More like these  please. They taste great  and the kids love getting to &quot;help out&quot; with them..."
"It ALL makes sense now (xpost from r/funny)"
"This was the &quot;Amnesia&quot; of my time as a kid."
"Redditers in the Future"
"What Manhattan looks like right now..."
"Lights out in in the city that never sleeps"
"Without a doubt  the darkest comic I've ever read."
"Jesus no here"
"Snoop Dogg  Mordecai  and Rigby dancing to my favorite pokemon theme."
"Wasn't very clever..."
"Blood Bath"
"Here's another Halloween costume adapted for a kids wheelchair."
"the balls on this guy"
"Call me back? No problem  I'm sure it's for a good reason"
"&quot;To all the fellas out there with ladies to impress&quot;...or not"
"Is there a life after death?"
"Nice background"
"The five second rule"
"Sploshed!"
"Not sure if this has been done  but it's all I think about when someone mentions 50 Shades of Grey"
"I quit WoW 1 year ago. This is how I react when my friends talk to me about it."
"We're so cool"
"Hanging out with you is THIS awkward"
"Selling MLK posters for charity: $6  Getting your pissed off cat to pose for the camera: Priceless"
"Moon Shots"
"It's a quick road to homelessness"
"Damnit 4chan!"
"Coke and Mento's can go horribly wrong."
"I want to try this experiment!"
"When I see a spider on a friend's shoulder"
"My life"
"If I wake up..."
"sometimes getting out of bed is hard"
"Sounds About Right"
"Every. Damn. Morning."
"Happy Columbus Day."
"Baaaaaadass"
"You expected a normal day at work today  didn't you?"
"Rajeev is not amused"
"Your beverage  sir."
"Every time I try to be a badass"
"God knows."
"The difference between the iPhone 4s and 5."
"Honey Boo-Boo Child says some pretty dumb stuff."
"Ground Zero Flooding"
"An X-Ray of a Stingray"
"A beautiful x-ray of a stingray."
"X-ray"
"trying to get this look"
"India Impossible"
"A catapult. A fucking catapult."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"How I will feel after finals."
"Anal? (SFW)"
"This is the last time we try anal (SFW)"
"Because Merica."
"'Merican Cheese!"
"Walked out to my car last summer to find this.."
"Fucking Printers"
"The one time I didn't pee before polishing"
"Rottweiler vs some purse dog"
"The chiropractor Gotham deserves..."
"Not sure if this is a repost  but it made me laugh. So here you go."
"To this day  my absolute favorite gif ever made."
"Like Father Like Son"
"Life's Agony"
"Opposite day"
"What actually happened between the tortoise and the hare"
"Oh god  so cute"
"Probably a repost  but I do love this"
"So many black babies"
"YouTube strikes again..."
"Oh hai....."
"He sure loves his bacon."
"Dad  why?"
"I heard you like bacon"
"Ooh the feels!"
"Randomly browsing through imgur seeds. I'm going to bed now..."
"Having a foot fetish browsing r/WTF right now."
"R/funny people's told me to bring this here"
"I searched &quot;banana man&quot; on google  I didn't know what I was expecting"
"hi"
"it may be crappy but she sure does look happy!"
"Mac' and Cheese"
"Majestic."
"My new wallpaper  I think it was badly timed"
"I was kicked off my soccer team after playing with them for 10 years because I used &quot;vulgar&quot; language during a game  this is how I feel towards my coach."
"How i feel after i didn't get a single vote for my cake-day post"
"A twist even M. Night couldn't predict."
"Faith in humanity lost...."
"You've got to be fucking kidding me"
"So that's what a karma train looks like"
"Jared"
"Next time a Christian girl tells you shes is saving herself till marriage..."
"Threw it on the ground"
"Overly manly man showers"
"My Granddad on the Jonas brothers"
"Some kid just said this during a Big Team Battle on Halo 4."
"Umbrella?"
"Looks like i'm not a real man.."
"This made me laugh way to much."
"Missed my cake day but still..."
"Neandertallica!"
"EX sent &quot;wish you were here&lt;3&quot;  this was my reply"
"What I texted my ex after she said she missed me"
"ya know  that's a damn good question!"
"Make Anything Into a Sandwich!"
"Mass ejection from the sun [Pic]"
"Fat Problems - Imgur"
"What the heck is this??"
"After wandering into the Mister Torgue AMA..."
"Giraffes are heartless creatures."
"Giraffes are so heartless"
"...as you wish..."
"Free karma for Satan?!"
"The best card ever"
"How I felt upon discovering /ladyboners"
"The KFC bucket grand opening"
"Today is my cake day and I have nothing to post. So here's this."
"How I feel when my link has already been submitted"
"Gymnastics fail"
"Slick clothes change"
"I was not aware this is an option"
"Star Cat"
"Star Cat"
"Finding out that it's my cakeday and I can't find anything decent to post"
"How r/wtf makes chocolate milk"
"Seems fitting on a day like this  doesn't it?"
"I'd like this one  sir!"
"Did you order a kitten?"
"What the fuck did I just?....fuck"
"Must have been watching Minnie undress"
"I've seen this over and over for the &gt;1 Year that I've been here  and I can't  for the life of me  find the origins of it. Can anyone help me out?"
"This is old but remains completely inexplicable. What is this?"
"accidentally pressed shift+esc in google chrome"
"Magical"
"When an old flame texts you at 3 a.m."
"Way to go  George!"
"Stupid sexy Flanders!"
"Feliz Navidead"
"Waterpark swing"
"Cows... Taking photobombing to new and published heights"
"Cutest Cheetah Cub Ever?"
"Take a closer look..."
"Have it your way at BK"
"Life with a dog"
"My faggot dog doing this faggot look every time I come home"
"Why am I laughing at this?"
"Faggot Dog"
"Hold on to your butts!"
"Didn't know bamboo was so expensive..."
"I declare today... OTTER DANCE FRIDAY."
"Tha Otta Dance"
"I hope it's not weird I immediately thought of this..."
"Groovy otter"
"Tom Hanks ladies and gentleman!"
"Just Tom Hanks taping his Emmy to his car.. Nothing unusual.."
"Did you eat your veggies today?"
"when my friends tell me about how they have so much karma  and i don't even come close"
"Happy October Reddit."
"A red head  flying in coach  next to a questionably sober Nicolas Cage."
"Caged!!!"
"because you know it really did happen somewhere"
"Baby animals are the crack of the Internet"
"How I feel on day 2 of no fap September"
"Me  tomorrow  at my shitty job  when I start my dream job in a week"
"When a post of mine I think will make front page gets 0 upvotes"
"Best &quot;action&quot; figure ever made"
"Honey Boo Boo makes you question your own being."
"Culture clash between two brothers on modern vs. tradition - absolutely breathtaking"
"Sadly  it didn't work for me"
"Stingray Photobomb"
"The most British man on earth."
"SOON."
"It's pretty bad when you fail at walking..."
"Mewtwo isn't a bad guy"
"Like a boss"
"And how would facebook even fix that?"
"Just when I think I've got a great post..."
"How I feel after 3 days of No Fap September"
"Shark in the street in New Jersey"
"Just a shark swimming through the streets of New Jersey  you know  the usual"
"Meanwhile in New Jersey"
"Nope thank you  Sandy"
"Meanwhile in NYC"
"Taken today in NJ. Yes  that's a shark."
"Saw this pic on facebook - shark in the street from Hurricane Sandy"
"My friend just uploaded this from Facebook. Yes its a shark in a New Jersey suburb. Stay safe East Coast!!"
"Shark in my friend's yard from the flood  in Jersey City."
"Street Sharks! in New Jersey!"
"hey there fishy fishy"
"Well that is just perfect  first a hurricane and now..."
"Fun fact."
"Fun fact."
"Fear the great squirrel rider!!"
"Rejected."
"This one works with 70's show too"
"Screw carving pumpkins this year.. I'm using watermelons!"
"Every time someone asks if I want cream in my coffee  I think of this and giggle."
"Ken Jeong kills Justin Bieber"
"Every time someone still tries to talk to me about Invisible Children"
"How I feel after looking at a page of WTF"
"All this Hostess talk reminded me of this..."
"Get well soon!"
"Get well soon"
"They will definitely love this."
"Perfect for redditors"
"Worst mugshot ever?"
"Shark in the suburbs courtesy of Sandy"
"Finally  a legitimate use for that word."
"Do we have any crackers?"
"This cracked me up."
"The fox found the hole to wonderland"
"When i found out my brother posts 'memes' on Facebook"
"Kitty loves teddybearsnuggling"
"Cuteness Level: Cuddle Hug"
"Cutest thing I ever did see"
"How I feel hearing my alarm clock in the morning."
"FALCON PUNCH !!!!"
"Like Father Like Son."
"so I found this on Google today..."
"Searched &quot;NicholasCat.&quot; Words cannot express..."
"Haunted House scares the bejeezus out of people while stealth snapping photos of their reactions!"
"Haunted House scares the bejeezus out of people while stealth snapping photos of their reactions!"
"Nearly every month  someone submits a TIL &quot;there was an atomic bazooka.&quot; Well  the atomic bazooka sits in the lobby of my office."
"Piano cat"
"I wish I could get my Karma Machine to do this."
"Who wants Ice Cream."
"The original Keyboard Cat!"
"Take it Away Sam *fixed*"
"revolutionary new way of holding an ipad"
"You guys could use this..."
"MFW someone makes fun of me and I can't think of a comeback"
"Well  you may as well use them for something"
"In case you all didn't know..."
"Truer words are rarely spoken"
"Scatcat part 2"
"Kate Upton - It never gets old"
"BYO slurpee cup day at 7/11  like a boss"
"Folgers was wrong"
"A true redditor"
"Fuck Da Police"
"Browsing the new section of r/aww"
"Reading r/atheism after running into a fundie"
"After finding out that I could use the &quot;A&quot; key to upvote"
"Relationships Can Be Hard To Hold Onto Sometimes"
"Seems legit."
"I feel like no one has remembered that it is the fifth of November."
"here's stevie wonder with a poem"
"Are you staring at my chest?!?"
"Tortoise  you're drunk..."
"So Happy"
"Never has a GIF left me so heart broken..."
":'("
"Do ya SMELLLLLLL... what the Hulk is cookin'!?"
"Not Enough Lobster on /aww"
"Night Life [FIXED FIXED FIXED]"
"Best.Job.Ever."
"My sister found this  I....I just don't understand"
"High quality 4chan!"
"I don't even..."
"This still makes me laugh every time I see it."
"Looking through some old photos and this gave me a laugh"
"How my mind works"
"Spoon"
"Spoon..."
"Spoon....."
"Ganking a lane as fed Lee Sin"
"My dog didn't know what to think..."
"I got tired of seeing the low quality Morgan Freeman gif  I decided to redo one"
"What is this I don't even XD"
"This was me when I found out I don't have classes Wednesdays just now... and there will be no reddit to waste the day."
"Cuteness Level: Over 9000"
"Winter View of the Milky Way Over Mountains [1920x1200]"
"Matterhorn Mountain  Switzerland [1920x1200]"
"True"
"this made me giggle like a 7 year old"
"The difference between homeless and a hipster"
"Go home trampoline  you are drunk (x-post from r/sandy)"
"The average face of women across the world."
"When I smell weed in class.."
"When I realize im out of toilet paper"
"when my boss tells me that i'll be working overtime"
"How I feel realizing i missed my cake day"
"Hurricane Sandy."
"WHICH ONE OF YOU IS THE REAL DIRTY DAN?"
"Which one of you states is the real Dirty Dan?!"
"The mailman is gonna get me! Oh it was just a dream."
"Behold the Pig God"
"Bow to your...leader?"
"Makes me smile everytime"
"The Only Geometry Formula I Will Ever Remember"
"Captain Falcon goes to the doctor"
"Spacey Goodness"
"Big ole' lion with itsy bitsy cub"
"Real life Pride Rock......"
"Just a father."
"Just a father"
"When my girlfriend checks the time during sex."
"Baby Skunks"
"I think this belongs here."
"When I make the front page of a sub reddit with less then 10 000 subscribers..."
"As a military man this always makes me laugh."
"My new favourite .gif"
"Spiderman gets physical"
"I'm here! Oh no  wait..."
"How to ease constipation (SFL)"
"There's acid  and then there's this."
"Colbert On Crack"
"Know what rhymes with sloth?"
"The Mr. Rogers of Science"
"Junk in the trunk"
"How I feel as a Floridian when people talk about a Category 1 hurricane (Sandy)"
"The tour guide told the orangutan to pose next to my boyfriend and I for pictures  and this is what he did instead..."
"Oh.Hello!"
"Amazing &quot;Mordor style&quot; clouds."
"[crosspost from nfl] new Nike NFL pants are see through! extra reason to tune into the NFL although this pic isnt the most flattering"
"Squidward is too fab."
"Batman is watching you"
"Batman is the towel rack Gotham deserves."
"I wasn't around for WTF's &quot;Roots&quot; but i think i get the idea."
"The old lifting the new"
"Tree on Moss on Tree on Water [pic]"
"Pokemon..."
"Snoop Lion's Newest Novel"
"&quot;Sometimes  in order to become a lion  you must first become a dogg&quot;"
"How a redditor perceives any idea a chan has"
"Checkmate."
"Polar Blast"
"Meanwhile in Australia"
"My favorite arm swap"
"damn my life sucks"
"Im ashamed to live in this world."
"I don't really mind MLP &quot;bronies&quot; but when I see shit like this..."
"This never happens."
"After discovering reddit and r/gonewild"
"Just some old friends hanging out"
"this took far more planning than I care to admit"
"Took me 4 cars and a few calculations...but i got the royal flushhhh"
"Brushing my teeth might never be the same [1440x900]"
"I can still smell these."
"Im going to hell for laughing at this."
"Quick! Procrastination Plan B"
"Well what now?"
"I cried.."
"Everyone needs to get off Reddit right now"
"What happens the evening after the last day of No Fap September"
"Best thing to ever happen for my productivity."
"Exactly what I figured would happen after No Fap September"
"Fuck you  I'm Iron Man."
"During my time as a student..."
"Something always seemed suspicious"
"I don't know Jesus..."
"De nada."
"Thanks  Jesus  for the food"
"Thanks Jesus !"
"Jesus delivers"
"ALL HAIL HYPN......"
"Justin Bieber was a Girl Scout in the 60's?"
"Waking up from a long night of drinking  and not knowing where your phone keys  or wallet is at"
"Like a GLOVE (fixed)"
"What? Oh wait..."
"Phallic juice box"
"The Mayans predicted lil Wayne!"
"there's not enough insects on here"
"Thought you guys might enjoy this; the Venezuelan Poodle Moth"
"I don't want anybody else"
"Walking the freak"
"Saw this and couldn't stop looking..."
"Poor Vader [X-Post /r/gifs]"
"We're fucked"
"How sex is going to be with my girlfriend after a long sexless weekend at home."
"My brain is melting...."
"The one we deserve."
"after the Gangnam style hype I decided to make a Gif of my favourite part..."
"Me and my friend showing up to a party."
"Had to make gangman-humps"
"Life lessons from Legend of Zelda"
"Found this. Had to share  what with the debate going on"
"Amazingly  perfect shot of my friend skydiving into Burning Man this year"
"Not sure if repost"
"A &quot;shiny&quot; Brush-Tailed Possum with its baby on its back."
"Know the difference [Fixed]"
"How I feel trying to stack any Tupperware/Plastic storage containers."
"Invisible Phil Collins"
"My friend posted this on facebook"
"So someone hit my sister's car and left this note."
"What a great citizen!"
"Searched &quot;WTF is that&quot; on Google and got this.. It's.. Interesting."
"Nothing will make me understand this."
"I don't even.."
"How about some milk with..."
"I ironically found this on world animal day..."
"Gangnam Advertising"
"How I felt when I finally got positive comment karma"
"When I realize I have no final tests in any classes"
"How I feel trying to interject a reasonable comment in a religion related post."
"My Reaction to Woody-HarrelsonGate"
"Oh  you have a Cleverbot screenshot?"
"Every time someone talks about Peeta from the HUNGER Games I can't help but think [FIXED]"
"When I see a &quot;Look who I ran into today&quot; post [fixed]"
"When people say it is their first post"
"So  it seems I've been on Reddit for a year now..."
"Stacks On Deck"
"Me reading the Higgs boson announcement"
"How I feel while watching Carl Sagan's Cosmos"
"While Reading Shakespeare"
"How I feel watching the Presidential Debate..."
"Watching the presidential debate"
"Watching the Presidential Debate as a guy who doesn't keep up with politics."
"Summer sale coming bleargh..."
"Oh Mike!!"
"How I feel on Facebook on my birthday[FIXED]"
"/v/ gives buying advice"
"Kissing booth"
"You'll never know the truth."
"'Murica"
"Sandy over NYC"
"Forever my favorite gif"
"How I feel learning that my ex gf is complaining to her friends about missing me after she cheated on me"
"And I'll pretend I'm an Indian brave!"
"How many times do you think we will see this picture in the next 7 days"
"Feast your eyes on the greatest bacon costume of 1894."
"After looking through the baby picture VS now thread..."
"Gabe Newell."
"ONLY ONE NSFW"
"God Bless Irony"
"Cheers"
"This is just funny"
"I have an ant infestation  and I'm hoping that they're horny."
"I have an ant infestation  and I'm hoping that they're horny. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Cut a rug... FOR THE NEXT 10 HOURS!"
"Old man in Up! exists"
"Winner."
"who would have thought this was in Scotland?"
"Hitler's Death"
"How I feel upvoting posts on the front page."
"Stop gay marriage or bring forth the duck apocalypse: possibly the best newspaper letter I've ever seen"
"Holy Nicolas Cage"
"Browsing /r/ new"
"How I feel on facebook recently"
"Alpha pig problems."
"OMG..."
"haha PROBLEM kitty?"
"I laughed harder than I should have."
"Calm your tits"
"PC Gaming"
"Umm  what did they think was going to happen? (NSFW)"
"The best new feature of BW2"
"Any time I put chalk on a pool stick."
"The most beautiful down vote I've ever seen"
"This cat is the best around (EMI Sucks)"
"Shame"
"Hawkolas Cage"
"This made my week."
"Too early to take in Mars landing info. How my brain feels at the moment."
"I luv dis dawg!"
"This dog knows how to do it"
"&quot;I'll have that........ thanks!&quot;"
"How I feel about having most of my cake day posts downvoted."
"How I felt when I realized my cake day was yesterday"
"AAAANNNNNNNNDDDDDD KO!!!"
"Pew pew pew"
"Onya Paul"
"On 9/11.. we strike."
"So I was looking for that seal that says &quot;Gaaaaaaay!&quot; [Bing]ed &quot;Gay Seal&quot;..."
"Resuscitating a drowned cat according to a vet book."
"I love this... song !!"
"best gif ever anyone else think that?"
"Metal Gear Cat"
"Yet another nightmare I'll be having  all thanks to photoshop"
"my favorite face swap"
"How I feel when the top comment is what I was going to say."
"How I picture Xbox live trashtalkers."
"Does this need a title?"
"Kissing arrest"
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!!!!!!!!"
"I thought I'd seen everything!(NSFW)"
"found my doctor's name on a medical forum...along with his avatar"
"Waking up with a serious hangover. I suddenly remember I was on Facebook right before passing out."
"after my one night stand tonight..."
"Tasty thumb"
"It's just too fucking cute."
"i dont know why i love this so much"
"At least its anatomically correct... [SFW]"
"Obama: deal with it"
"When I got the iPhone 5 and now had 5 rows of icons..."
"Most dogs play fetch at the park  my friend's dog likes to swing."
"Naps... I take that"
"ummmmmm awkward? No this isn't awkward for me at ALL"
"Gandalf: Back in Grey"
"Google image search  how I love you. You don't always give me what I want but that doesn't mean you don't give me something worthwhile"
"Any kid that looks up to me does this."
"Oh my  too scary!"
"Look who decided to show up"
"The original Ronald McDonald. This would have scared me away from hamburgers for life"
"Oh Bill Gates..."
"/r/new in a nutshell"
"She's hot...lolwat?"
"Sean Connery Learned Something from Watching the &quot;Jersey Shore&quot;"
"OMG guys!! I was on vacation for the last three days and I just got on and am I too late for the bash Islam stuff cuz I got this awesome m-..."
"I can't describe it  but here's one of my favorite gifs of all time"
"When you think a link is going to be successful."
"&quot;do i look fat in this dress?&quot;"
"Whenever I see someone get to the front page with a gif I have already"
"Everytime I get upvoted"
"YES YES YES!"
"12 years later  this game still rocks."
"YOU LIE."
"Kissing horses."
"What my first kiss was like..."
"How I feel running in to an ex [fixed]"
"This is..interestiing"
"Wildest party of them all"
"Or in four hours..."
"Google delivers"
"I'm sure this will be funnier in 3 months [fixed]"
"How I feel being the only IT guy in my office."
"Understandable."
"Look at this baby not giving a fuck."
"As Time Passes"
"what it felt like to get 100 upvotes on a post"
"How great I feel when I get 10 or more upvotes"
"Fool me once..."
"Metal as Fuck"
"Little Badass"
"When I realize that I've just said/did something stupid"
"I've been laughing at this for so long I can't remember my name. Or if this is a repost."
"Washington. Triceratops. America."
"Does this make you hate kids... or cats?"
"Stretch out the intestine"
"Edited the original pic a while ago. Was too lazy to post. Here it is. (Let the downvotes commence)"
"My reaction when my roommate said he was going to get laid tonight..."
"When people say they made it 4 days into no fap September"
"When people say they are doing no fap September."
"When people tell me they're doing no fap September."
"When my grandparents tell me my 19th birthday will be a night to remember"
"Whenever I see a &quot;found him like this&quot; post."
"When ever porn has the word virgin in it."
"Lost my shit again with this."
"I actually laughed out loud"
"When it seems like you are going to have a nice 1v1 situation in a multiplayer game..."
"How it feels opening a new pack of cigarettes  while deployed in the military."
"What happened to me when i said &quot;Math Problem?&quot; while eating at a china buffet."
"That feel when your ex-girlfriend has broken up with their SO"
"Hearing that class is cancelled for the next two days..."
"Wut?"
"Still my favourite wallpaper"
"What now  bitches?"
"Come at me bro!"
"Alakazam Used Psy Beam!"
"SURPRISE!"
"Walkie Talkie Bunny"
"Maniac Bunny"
"80 Car pileup in Ohio  1 killed. A 12 year old girl was struck and killed as she got out of her car."
"Saw this on my newsfeed"
"This just popped on my news feed. Not sure if trolling or stupid"
"Nailed It!"
"This has Reddit all over it."
"Redditor murders other redditor and leaks false story about a Tiger Pit in Bronx zoo for that hot newspaper karma."
"A good idea of how I approach reddit when I get home from work  going from 8 months unemployment to a full time job suddenly."
"coolest thing ever"
"Science is good for the economy."
".....Hagrid?"
"I miss you  George Carlin."
"Sadly  happens to me too often at beaches..."
"I think the devil does it..."
"This Time They Have Gone Too Far.."
"(saw this on fb) THIS DAY WE FIGHT THE BELIBERS"
"So I brought Skyrim last week..."
"School on a Monday."
"And you thought they were cute"
"Best costume ever!!"
"This kids parents built a Halloween costume around his wheelchair  parenting done right."
"If we didn't have pupils (fixed)"
"And now i cant sleep"
"I would cuddle her anyday. Bow chika wow wow"
"My reaction when Romney said he will pursue and persecute porn if elected [Fixed]"
"How I felt seeing that DST ended and realizing that it will be dark by 5PM now..."
"When my sister says she wants to watch long island medium"
"whenever i try my hand at sports"
"This is going to be me tonight on St. Patrick's Day"
"Snake Lady"
"Spotlight stolen"
"Little windy today in western South Dakota"
"Silly trucks. Go home  you're drunk."
"what were they trying to accomplish"
"Chuck Norris Vs. Slenderman"
"Looks like I'm having some cranial fillets for dinner"
"Foolproof"
"To the &quot;Cat in the pants&quot; phenomenon spreading around.."
"Coon and cat"
"This is how I feel trying to find my classes on the first day back."
"...with confidence!"
"Like a boss (of the Pawnee Parks and Recreation Department)"
"Some band uploaded this pic to facebook. I thought it belongs here. Just getting some facetime in."
"Patrick Star for president? To be fair  I’m fairly sure there are other candidates who support outsourcing  exporting  and deportation."
"Well then  that's quite the sight to wake up to."
"oh japanese  you're so weird..."
"I was Karl from the movie UP and I ran into this nice little asain at a party."
"Window Washers at my local Children's Hospital. The kids LOVED it!"
"Bird Kombat"
"Aw  she's pregnant"
"O.O"
"Me when I am locked out of my lecture theater and the lecturer hasn't even started yet"
"Buzz Lightyear"
"dead tired."
"Best Halloween costume ever."
"And costume of the year goes to..."
"Ecce Homer"
"In celebration of my 1st Reddit anniversary  I present to you my all-time favorite Reddit classic!"
"In celebration of my 1st Reddit anniversary  I present to you my all-time favorite Reddit classic!"
"High-res image of stitches in an eye after a cornea transplant"
"Orbit"
"Women  go easy on us"
"Shit happens"
"Would you like some tea? (x-post with r/funny)"
"Well that's comforting"
"ERMAHGERD  STERBERKS!"
"If only women really did this."
"Adorable elephant baby"
"The best Homer quote"
"Hahahahahahaha  oh jello."
"Meanwhile in Jell-O land....."
"i'm.."
"Romney's October Surprise"
"I don't know what is going on here."
"Friend had a caption contest  he says I win."
"how i feel when a post has too many words"
"Southpark - Anon"
"8+ hours spent on Reddit. Pretty much sums up how I feel right about now."
"Just saw my boss yelling at the coworker we hate. The coworker had the audacity to talk back."
"Time to watch the debates..."
"Something horrible is about to happen"
"Yo Dawg...I heard you like updates"
"dafuq........ (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"Creepiest LOL in a long time"
"Say Cheese"
"Sponge...bob?"
"I guess this is what happens when he reaches the surface"
"I wish they still sold these..."
"Periodic Table of Swearing"
"Oh  Youtube Comments..."
"Where them bitches at?"
"Life is Funny"
"(xpost from r/funny) Does this happen to any of you?!"
"Alienware"
"When alcohol is involved.....miracles do happen!"
"This child don't appreciate the gorillas dance"
"There is no need to be upset"
"/r/funny didn't appreciate this"
"Explain this."
"Amazing art that I know my friEnts will appreciate (Artist: Mario Sánchez Nevado)"
"My personal favorite gif."
"The most badass dance ever..."
"My new desktop background."
"Gorilla riding a bike"
"Just an ape..."
"This is me as I broke out of the friendzone"
"Garfield"
"Public School"
"What it probably feels like when you submit a link and you come back later to find a lot of karma."
"ok  SHE asked for my number. SHE did"
"&gt;MFW I finally get to type up a comment first on a good freshly submitted link  go to post my comment  and discover it has been deleted. &gt;:O"
"I LOVE THIS SOOOO MUCH!"
"The Ultimate Weapon of Mass Destruction"
"My girlfriends reaction everytime Romney speaks at the debate."
"Watching Biden at the debate tonight..."
"I intend to wake up smiling like a dog wearing a sombrero."
"Sh-- just got real in NY"
"This is an amazing shot of New York today with the Frankenstorm bearing down. Nature is so powerful  yet so beautiful."
"Things are not looking good in NYC..."
"Hurricane sandy in NYC....Seems legit."
"Sandy is not alone."
"Sandy VS. NYC- I know  at first I was skeptical too. That statue with the arm up seems shopped..."
"Right now in New York..."
"Every time I try to use an exercise ball"
"A shot of the cast of Star Wars Episode VII"
"Disney meets Star Wars  wrong  just wrong."
"lol bye bitch"
"So long sucker"
"Joining the karma train."
"Whenever I decide to browse r/Gore or r/MorbidReality"
"just a flying cat"
"This is how I feel after every failed post"
"Tricking your parents..."
"When you see it.................you may be disappointed"
"Saw this on my news feed."
"DAMN IT IT NEVER WORKS ):"
"Chainsaw. Katana. That is all."
"When I go to take a dump and forget to bring my phone"
"MFW I found out Matt Smith (11th Doctor) is an atheist."
"How I acknowledged a fellow coworker after overhearing that he's an active redditor"
"Carrie Fisher and Leia's stunt woman sunbathing on the set of Return of the Jedi"
"Finn and Jake taking a break"
"Lets all take a moment to appreciate the Star Wars Episode VII Wikipedia before it gets changed"
"Bella's first.."
"Every time a 12 year old with a headset on XBL gets a nuke in Modern Warfare 2 it sounds like..."
"How I feel trying to jump into the conversation between two friends I introduced that are getting along really well"
"Most racist thing I've seen today"
"I think I'll be visiting the health foods store more often now... (xpost from /pics)"
"Googled &quot;Majestic Creatures&quot;  this came up."
"Hurricane Sandy: Kayaker  scuba-diver  cyclist  and beer drinker all on the news together in a flooded street"
"(almost) EVERY TIME I READ A RELIGIOUS COMMENT"
"Once-in-a-lifetime shot of 6 male lions. Quite bad ass"
"Ping  pong  ping  pong."
"meow meow meow meow"
"Meeting a Redditor IRL (FIXED)"
"And then this popped up into my facebook feed."
"Batman."
"Throw that ball  you slut"
"Meanwhile  in Vietnam..."
"How i feel as a non-american reading all the border jokes"
"How I feel now it's my first cakeday."
"Im not sure how he got ahold of this.."
"Just a squirrel storing up fat for winter."
"Squirrel also eats pizza these days..."
"Somewhat disturbing mask... Possibly NSFW..."
"...If I'm not what?"
"How chicken nuggets look before they are formed into the nugget shape."
"when fall comes to concrete"
"The Pianist"
"War and music."
"Me  for the last 30 min. of DKR."
"You're ruining my hair! ps cakeday"
"Patrick: Ride Pony"
"How I feel telling people that I consistently make it to the front page of small subreddits"
"Well shit..."
"Seriously?"
"Jesus Christ...people are playing hardball on fb these days..."
"Shake Your Body"
"Hehe"
"Really beautiful photograph of Istanbul"
"Northern lights over a volcano - Iceland - Imgur"
"If I fits  I sits."
"My favorite hulk"
"This just popped up on my Facebook stream and I need Reddit's help to find the original since it's awesome"
"In honor of Bob Ross's birthday"
"When I get downvoted en masse"
"Same idea as Mapes  but my two cents"
"Todd Akin face swap"
"Shit tyrone get it together"
"Pissed off cat."
"What to comment on a hot girl's photo"
"Hello  Mr. Matthews"
"I'm gonna kick your ass  I'm gonna kick your ass!"
"Science gives me a..."
"Any time I win a duel in Borderlands 2."
"Great question"
"When my teacher gives an exam with an average of less than 50 percent"
"On the bus."
"Public Service Announcement [x-post r/vancouver]"
"this guy"
"Disney's New Princess"
"Unparalleled Truth."
"This  is a wasp."
"Fuck wasps"
"GODDAMN WASPS"
"When the acid kicks in"
"Now  that's the iphone I what."
"Here your IPhone 20 masters Kenobi"
"How i see internet explore"
"You guys must be SO jealous!"
"The cutest baby giraffe ever!"
"How Summer hit the Midwest today"
"How I feel when guys in my unit complain about being broke 3 weeks after a 1 year deployment."
"J.K. Rowling's reaction to negative reviews of her new (non-Harry Potter) book (crosspost from /r/reactiongifs"
"First post to GifSound: Combining my two favorite things"
"&quot;I want you to watch&quot; [.gif] x-post r/photoshopbattles"
"why we actually won the war"
"D'awwww"
"Just got married!"
"Yoga Fire!"
"Meanwhile in the forest."
"Years later  this is still my motivation for Dungeons and Dragons..."
"When my post gets downvoted [sorry]"
"I'm just gonna leave this right here..."
"lolzz'd"
"Reddit at 4 am."
"No longer alone"
"It doesn't take a genius"
"How I feel when I get to the surface after exploring a cave system."
"I also regret taking naps."
"When I'm at page 15 on r/funny"
"fucking filters  man..."
"My Harvard acceptance letter!! So happy!!!"
"My face when something embarassing happens to someone else"
"America  we can do better than this..."
"We are all atheists."
"Tiny elephant."
"you are not the father.."
"The best gif of all time"
"zombie fortress of the century"
"I feel sorry for that poor kid"
"This little kid is freaking out. He does have a cool leather jacket tho. Happy Halloween."
"HIFW my video game crashes before I can save"
"When I get 3 replys in 30 seconds on a youtube comment I made about creationism."
"I know what I'm making this Halloween"
"I think he's lost"
"She likes it"
"Merica!!!"
"this is why you have kids"
"Parenting Win"
"Reddit posts in a nutshell"
"Brothers can be such a pain in the ass sometimes..."
"ladies please form a line"
"This is what alcohol looks like under a microscope"
"So the power went out at my job and everyone got to leave early on Friday"
"Do you think we'll get there in time?"
"Just some baby owls being awesome."
"If WW2 was a strategy game."
"ASTROSLOTH"
"A little boy's wish about to become true"
"Still nope"
"What a Babe."
"Prodigy cat (longest 'aaaah' ever)"
"Thats just unfortunate"
"WTF is a little too gory for my tastes  so here's one of my earliest remembered WTF's"
"MRI of a Watermelon - Black Doctors."
"Watermelons can be beautiful on a certain scale."
"Grooms seeing their brides on their wedding days for the first time"
"How I picture my cakeday attempt for karma going"
"Enhance!"
"When I catch my brother watching porn."
"gif dump"
"An Impossible ass"
"Just lick 'em bro"
"A Literal Interpretation"
"Nailed it."
"Just a baby sloth hugging a stuffed girraffe"
"Forever alone pillow"
"But woman can do things men can't..."
"Ringo"
"Hypnotizing"
"Ladies and Gentleman  cat with cat pattern."
"Owl is Owl"
"Amazing architecture on bridge"
"Loves to Travel (x/post from r/aww)"
"What a tool"
"Every time I &quot;get that reference&quot;."
"How I imagine my Christian friends treat the Bible"
"Whenever someone writes a paragraph on why my post sucks [Fixed]"
"When somebody has a good idea on Reddit."
"I'm Batman."
"Star Fox re-imagined in traditional Japanese art."
"A giant eyeball found by beachcombers in Pompano Beach  Fla.  is mystifying wildlife officials. What kind of creature do you think it's from?"
"Tactical Rolling Panda"
"My gf also amazes me with her art"
"Like a boss"
"the un-crippled profeser X"
"RIP Twinkie"
"We mourn in this time of passing."
"I think that's a no"
"Even Wolverine is powerless against it"
"Wolvarine gangnamn style"
"Me when I found out there's a r/girlsinyogapants"
"After two years  I FINALLY finished reading The Lord of the Rings. Closing the book after I had read the last page..."
"A cafe on the border between Netherlands and Belgium."
"Bloodsport"
"Behead Reddit?"
"Beheddit"
"NOMNOMNOMNOM"
"Every time"
"The University of Redundancy"
"Parenting: Right or wrong?"
"I like to stick with classic first world anarchy.."
"What is the Vice President thinking?"
"Pizza Cat in Space. (x-post from /r/funny)"
"Travel is fatal to prejudiced  bigotry  and narrow mindedness."
"wat"
"What is your Quest? To seek the holy fail"
"When my ex calls me saying her new boyfriend doesn't treat her well like I did"
"Animals Despise Children [.gif gallery]"
"Hit 'n' run"
"This was me trying out the internet speed at University."
"U scared  bro?"
"Let's get lost tonight"
"Tomorrow afternoon  with fingers crossed!"
"SWANSON"
"What do you get when you wear a tapout shirt? Broing and broing  all! Night! Long!"
"1990 - 2011"
"Nicolas cage as a baby."
"Baby Cage"
"What A View"
"Tired out trucks"
"Hippolas Cage"
"Finally on record at last"
"Don't trust anyone you meet online. You could regret it."
"Google searched  &quot;missed my cake day&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"Ill just leave this here"
"One of my favorite hockey gifs"
"Michael Jackson  year 2000."
"My first post. This is my father when we were in Bermuda."
"Found this on r/Standupshots  thought it deserved some time here too."
"new french swiss army knife"
"The only logical explanation for Noah's Ark et al [PERMA-Fixed]"
"No."
"Winner!"
"Treyshon?"
"In.....you"
"Just started reddit and all my pics are on the front page. This is how I feel."
"In middle school  we are learning about pollution in rivers. This is how I think people see me as since I am Native American"
"Genius  never getting a speeding ticket again."
"I just realized...[FIXED]"
"I have done nothing productive all day"
"I just realized.."
"They see me rollin..."
"They are no longer pets  but our brothers in arms."
"How I feel reading my facebook wall tonight..."
"So... I just saw The Expendables 2 today."
"Bikini Atoll - Atom Bomb Test Site [1920x1200]"
"Durring the Reds game Jay Bruce was &quot;needed&quot; by his people"
":')"
"I never get tired of this story."
"Woke up this morning and saw my account was 1 year old."
"How it feels forgetting my cakeday..."
"As a gamer currently without a computer  this is all I can think about all the free giveaways and pics of steam inventories in r/gaming"
"How I feel on day 2 of no fap September"
"How I feel when I see a repost with more karma than the original poster."
"Me  tomorrow  at my shitty job  when I start my dream job in a week"
"When a post of mine I think will make front page gets 0 upvotes"
"How I feel the world views us Americans."
"Dinosaurs and Aliens"
"How I feel as someone with nothing but student loans in Euro's about the possible collapse of the Euro"
"don't remember seeing this episode."
"Getting ready for Motherboy."
"Meet pure COURAGE"
"i know it is unfair"
"Browsing r/Gentlemanboners..."
"When my girlfriend unexpectedly propose coitus"
"Even turtles are susceptible to douchebagery"
"Ladies and Gentlemen...my University"
"Lamb in the fast lane!!!"
"How I Feel Like going to a Job Interview with more than one Interviewer."
"Found this while searching for fluffy ferrets"
"This wine gives me a headache"
"Hitler's wallet"
"Anybody else oddly jealous of this lil' guy?"
"It should be the opposite item for me..."
"after many failed posts i dont see why that alien is so distressed with a load like that"
"badass"
"If she hasn't..."
"Hey  could you spot me?"
"Every time I open the rage maker."
"Y U NO HAIR?!?!"
"A sudden realisation since I joined Reddit..."
"f7u12 recently..."
"It's true  I've never had one. Never even gone on a date before."
"Will Ferrell's got it."
"Star Wars"
"Uhhh..."
"This alloy is for my car not for yours"
"Hey Reddit  I just wanted to remind you of something..."
"What I refer to every time I see someone bagging their pants."
"Apparently  Roosevelt was as big about slavery as the other 2"
"Gangster shuttle"
"Endeavor after spending the night in Englewood"
"Biggest lie ever..."
"My cat gives me this look sometimes"
"He's the fastest racer in Akina!"
"In love"
"You're probably sick of the &quot;Disney/Star Wars&quot; pics already  but this one is absolutely adorable."
"Well I'm off to the library.... [NSFW]"
"How I felt visiting Texas this summer"
"Blastoise Schmidts fantabulous keyboard jam"
"Blastoise plays Death Waltz"
"Blastoise Plays Death Waltz"
"Swanson at it again!"
"One guy on Yelp..."
"North Korean launch X2.."
"Catfield 1942"
"Olympics are over..."
"Looks like someone needs a nap"
"You got to fight..."
"Everyone Loves Cats"
"Adios Bitches."
"You are disgusting."
"grilled cheese"
"Ballistic missile testing at Kwajalein Atoll."
"The Chicken Dance"
"what happens when you enter 4chan"
"Where's my childhood?"
"Reddit my home rage (first)"
"Poor genie.."
"The best/creepiest face swap ever"
"Casual family pic"
"i found the answer to the universe"
"My favorite love story. A man  and the truth...."
"All that happened in Prometheus..."
"The term I now officially use to describe Canadians who travel to the US during Canada Day"
"Go home shark  you're drunk"
"Saved this from a forum around the time pci-e was just coming out"
"Showed up for a few seconds early this morning then disappeared."
"I can't stop laughing"
"Cap'n Lincoln"
"YOU HAD ONE JOB."
"Mr. Rogers can swing!"
"SWAGGGGGGAAAA BACK!!!!"
"while the cops take me away for being too drunk."
"What is this bug?"
"insanity koala"
"Don't Get Them Wet..."
"Prepare your anus!"
"BUZZ ALDRIN"
"In case you haven't seen it  here's my favorite CAPTCHA comic"
"Snoop Dogg uses magic (comic)"
"Voting 3rd party"
"Me when i post something that is a repost"
"Me when I get email from a site that I just unsubscribed to."
"Took a break from Reddit for a few days  came back today to discover my cake day was yesterday."
"When you see a repost of your post hit the front page."
"A knight can travel across every square on a chess board without overlapping (x-post from r/woahdude)"
"∞ duckface"
"Holy F*&amp;%ing Nightmare fuel."
"think about it!"
"Great advice to live by"
"photobomb [FIXED]"
"Fuck the police  with jazz.."
"What are you struggling in?"
"The rage car!"
"Push it to the limit"
"Heisenberg!"
"Seems legit"
"I'll just leave this here"
"Friends new iPhone. Special Delivery..."
"me during the Presidential debate...looking both ways"
"That's my cat."
"Freddie Mercury in a reddit shirt"
"MFW I pinch out a giant turd after about an hour"
"Easier way to make a CD case from a single piece of paper"
"Babies"
"Walker Baby"
"Confession Bear was tired of all the hate"
"Got a light?"
"How about a cigarette with your Chicken Fish?"
"What would happen if I put glasses on?"
"Gets me every time."
"Weird."
"Google search turned &quot;cat&quot; into &quot;catfish&quot;  here's what popped up."
"Google image result for &quot;shark brain and p***y&quot;"
"This is how many people around the world see the U.S."
"DROP IT!"
"Oh Deer God."
"The lyrics left me in tears"
"After being here for a year and getting nowhere with my crappy posts  here's what I think of you guys and girls:"
"My feelings after officially signing up for Reddit"
"How I feel trying to hook my friend on a song I am in to."
"Bale's Hip to be Square"
"Karma whore?"
"The ideal train station....."
"All I Want To Do Is"
"how my gf takes me shopping"
"well... that esculated fast..."
"silly dog...."
"Space Invaders"
"Seeing all these soccer Gifs  I thought I should add this awesome save."
"When I don't feel like talking to anyone"
"Map of a the world as it really is"
"Pitbull and Penguin Snuggles"
"Clint Dempsey Mocking Jamaican Soccer Player."
"Fuck this guy..."
"Yet another westboro baptist church solution"
"You threw that at the wrong guy."
"This is it. The Internet serves no purpose anymore. I'm out"
"Take A Few Minutes to Imagine the World Around You"
"I feel reddit would like this coat"
"Tried taking a picture from my balcony when this guy flew past. Didn't realize I got him instead."
"Some Parents Can't control themselves at birthday parties"
"Cyber Bullying"
"Kuato Total Recall Cosplay..."
"Best Halloween costume ever."
"That awkward feeling when no one responds to your submission..."
"Something compelling about this photo.."
"Most of the girls i've met in College [FIXED]"
"Finally  a plausible theory that explains the extinction of dinosaurs."
"The only argument ever needed."
"Roller coaster in the ocean  from Helicopter"
"I Liked it because I cried...."
"Gangnam morning"
"Best quote about porn I've ever seen."
"new consumable!!!!"
"So this popped up on my facebook today:repost"
"What happens to you when you join the 2 year club."
"Saving Bad Luck Brian"
"Saving Bad Luck Brian Request fulfilled"
"Just fuckin look at that shit"
"This is who I will be voting for this election..."
"This is who will be getting my vote this coming up election..."
"When normal lip plates are no longer enough."
"Dream Team"
"How I feel after reading the comments on a r/gonewild post."
"WTF"
"Bibles for Haiti"
"Human Babies"
"I laughed at this Garf-eel pic"
"Out with your fish tank? Amateur.."
"how all other 49 States feel about florida right now"
"Made the most sense."
"Someone mentioned it was a bass."
"The Distant Future"
"Crack"
"Take one"
"Whoever keeps posting these at my college  please continue."
"Me after any post."
"Does she chew 2 gums at the same time?"
"My reaction when I saw a group of girls discussing who they friendzoned."
"Meanwhile in India"
"Oh  Deer."
"WHOA"
"Face Swap Level: Pro"
"Typed in most American picture ever! Still needs an obese person and McDonald's in it!"
"It could have been pretty interesting either way."
"This might be the cutest thing I've ever seen"
"Not sure if it's a repost  but I think this is hysterical."
"Turtle vs Strawberry"
"I GOT THIS"
"Food as big as I am? Eat anyways!"
"This contract is sealed"
"How I feel when I have to perform piano anywhere"
"My sister in law txts me this picture thinking it is my dog... Awk because it's not (still cute though)"
"My first reaction was to Nope right on by this...but then puppy!"
"Spider dog  spider dog  does whatever a spider dog does"
"The best dog costume ever!!"
"Dapper Dog in Hat and Pipe. That is all."
"Coke spider"
"Come at me bro?"
"Keeping it classy!"
"What in the actual..."
"Babies first Halloween will possibly never be topped!"
"Classic Chief Wiggum"
"When Reddit users complain that they want more OC but only upvote reposts"
"Pop corn"
"How I feel when my post gets more down votes than up votes"
"my reaction to any female Olympic event"
"bobby's hips dont lie."
"He may be old school... but oh my."
"When my comment gets more upvotes than the person I replied to."
"Getting a better grade than the Asian kid next to me"
"I think I need to slow down on the RP purchases for awh-NO REGRETS."
"Selfish Athletes Vindicated! There IS an &quot;I&quot; in team."
"There's no &quot;i&quot; in team..."
"Found the &quot;I&quot; in team"
"Why would you do this at a club?"
"Totally doing that dance in front of my computer right now."
"Meanwhile on television..."
"And people say they hate Mudkips"
"Second thing that came to mind after i saw my first idea for this gif"
"Kneading Cat"
"Peeping tom mode: Godlike"
"Dirty old man"
"How I imagine Reddit after no Fap September"
"Shake oh shake the ketchup bottle..."
"Inflatable Toast Mattress- the description makes this find even funnier!"
"Dragon Con cosplay [x-post /r/WTF]"
"It's gotta be a duck right?"
"Religion in a nutshell"
"What's wrong with U.S??"
"The only thing left at Seaside Heights  New Jersey *FIXED*"
"Stupid Design"
"300m high Fire Tornado bursts out of fire in Queensland  Australia"
"TIL I can dunk it even if my milk is low"
"Gets me every time"
"My worst nightmare"
"Gambling is more scrutinized than our elections"
"evolution of the alphabet"
"Swedish kids on Easter"
"Well played  psych exam..."
"my reaction when a friend tells me that he made out with a girl after he left the club alone"
"Bad idea or an efficient use of space? You decide."
"How I feel watching stupid comments get downvoted."
"Searched awesome dogs  was not disappointed."
"Young bitch bangs fat cock [SFW]"
"A sound track for failure"
"Silly cat  that is not how you drink water"
"Everytime I walk into the bathroom I see him doing this."
"The Incumbent"
"How I feel browsing /rnew"
"for some reason this is what i heard when i saw this gif"
"Makes about as much sense as another creationist argument."
"Exactly what i think when i'm on a bus."
"saw on imgur made me laugh"
"laughed for like ten minutes....enjoy"
"Hello  Mr. Goat."
"Eating at a [9]"
"This is why Half Life 3 is taking so long."
"Trick or Treat!"
"Watching my parents on the computer (FIXED)"
"Monkey riding a pig. Hillarious!"
"F-Flareon?"
"My friend told me that he started browsing Reddit  I sent him this in response..."
"Found this while looking through google images....apparently it's the result of a polar bear attack...NSFW"
"when i was little  this was the only video game my asian parents ever bought me"
"Apparently  making a bomb is not that complex."
"Sandy we are ready for you bitch"
"wait............I think i left the stove on"
"This would suck more than anything."
"This is the picture I sent my mom"
"No good title. Just a good mashup."
"Cursor disco dance party"
"When someone tells you about all the sex they've been having..."
"Your chair is baaaaaad and you should feel baaaaaaaaad!"
"Professor Oak ;)"
"Mario Halloween idea"
"Mario Halloween idea"
"The only thing I think when I see this pic about &quot;simple times&quot;"
"How a border war should be handled."
"A border war I can agree with!"
"My 99 Year old great uncle died last friday. I got on his Commodore 64 today and this was on his command prompt."
"Googled all these &quot;googled&quot; threads and got this .gif"
"This is what Gotland  Sweden looks like from space."
"C'mon  you know you like this song."
"New Reddit Mascot!"
"Well said norm  well said"
"Oh Romney..."
"Nailed it"
"My First Post."
"Like I give a fuck."
"No fucks given"
"As a Big man  I wanna dance like this"
"PEPIS"
"Can You Feel The Love Tonight?"
"This game should not still make me anxious"
"Mortal Kombat on Ice"
"Close Enough"
"everything checks out"
"After going to an all boy high school for four years  this was me in my first college class that had girls in it."
"Cat and owner relationship level: 80"
"Reddit after I got tired of pun threads"
"My precious?"
"when i moved from facebook to reddit"
"When i got my first computer"
"He didn't want to be rude"
"Otter eating a watermelon"
"How my life's been feeling lately."
"When Google changes their search page"
"No need for facial reactions."
"Hurricane Sandy"
"They swallow and follow  alright."
"I thought this was hilarious (probably a re-post)"
"Had to make this variant"
"Even dogs like Shaggy"
"Dancing Cat"
"Classic &quot;US reaction to 9/11&quot; video."
"No more fun for you then."
"I had fun once..."
"Haters gonna... haters gonna- gonna-- oh shit  shhiiiiiiiiiiii"
"Biodiversity of the world in one infographic!"
"WOOT"
"Why I don't look after little kids"
"A day in the park"
"Why I don't look after both kids at the same time"
"Surprised Turtle"
"Bite the pillow."
"Gets me everytime"
"How my bed feels when I'm drunk [FIXED]"
"Out for a stroll"
"Fuck da Police"
"..actually I was planning on jumping a Sarlacc"
"Have you tried mac and cheese?!?"
"When I get a single upvote on an old post"
"Awesome."
"In my pants"
"I would let her suck my finger any day."
"Sky Goatse"
"God's existence vs Spider-man's existence."
"How I imagine myself every time I play music while in the shower."
"I don't want anybody else."
"Epic Sax Walrus"
"What really happened to dinosaurs"
"Bill Nye &quot;the not so dead since guy&quot;"
"Never again will I click the random button..."
"Trippy"
"Sweet dreams are made of these"
"To the late Mr. Adams"
"The last supper -- clown style"
"Fantastic parenting."
"A man and his Alpaca"
"Snape's first attempt at achieving world domination"
"starting to study for an exam the night before"
"goodluck..."
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Romney is next"
"How I feel whenever I get an upvote"
"When I tell a joke that makes people laugh"
"how I felt after finding out my school will be closed tomorrow"
"Beautiful picture of the Milky Way from Mars"
"Typed in upvotes to Google. It's just not meant to be."
"Challenge Accepted"
"Shit just got real"
"How I Feel When Downvoting a Front Page Post."
"Sometimes  things just work."
"My friend posted a picture of the best costume duo I think I have ever seen..."
"And that's why I don't play games that include blindfolds"
"My walk home after refusing a full-time summer job offer in today's economy."
"I'm shipping up to boston"
"Tablet Family Reunion [xpost  r/history]"
"Whenever someone calls Americans fat and lazy"
"A true miracle."
"Like I give a f*ck!"
"How I act when I bust ass trying to impress a girl"
"Om nom."
"Chicago skyline seen from Indiana."
"The Chicago Skyline from Indiana"
"Fap free september..."
"Aqueduct Made From Ships"
"After 5 years on reddit i think i have the power now..."
"Lady taking her... bird for a walk."
"Colbert"
"Now that pringles is the thing.."
"Every time my download freezes at 99.9%"
"French guy reading rage comics"
"Been working on this paper for hours now"
"The answer to the age-old question  what the Spice Girls &quot;really really want&quot;"
"They finally made a GIF of that duckling video"
"Exactly how my dog acts when he realizes I'm trying to take a dump without him and squeezes in right before I shut the door."
"Fapolean"
"is this reddit worthy?"
"Hypno-kitty"
"Makes me laugh every time"
"There's a great caption for this image somewhere  but I'm at a loss."
"The resemblance is uncanny."
"A Bear With No Fur"
"15 MB hard-drive in the 80's...wait  HOW MUCH?"
"Ah  the good old days...."
"Atlas"
"vicious bear attack"
"I JUST REALIZED THAT ITS MY CAKE DAY!!! DEPLOYING EMERGENCY PUPPIES!!!"
"Future generations will have no idea what's going on here."
"national geographic best of july. woof"
"Neat demonstration of the Pythagorean Theorem [gif]"
"We've all wanted to take this at one point."
"How I feel after drinking too much and i can't tell whether to puke or drop mud"
"YEAAAAH  BUDDY!!!"
"Atomic Water Splash"
"Kitty vs Gravity"
"Because going down the stairs was too mainstream"
"Imgur roulette finally payed off! Pay that black man with fried chicken  goddammit!"
"When I'm waving to someone and they see me but don't wave back"
"I wonder if he/she knew..."
"How I feel after finanlly having a successful post."
"What it feels like to get 1000 upvotes from someone else's content."
"He isn't watching"
"Holy fuck that's deep [NSFW]"
"Deep Throat NSFW"
"I googled &quot;Most epic picture ever&quot;"
"Sickest painting ever"
"Down vote for life"
"EEERRRAAAAHHHHHGGGRRRRREEEERRRR!!!!!!"
"I feel like they didn't give one Avenger enough screen time.."
"Suit up boys.. [fixed]"
"sweet shades"
"How I feel as a new redditor trying to fit in."
"What every Redditors fix is  I assume? (Imgur roulette)"
"Book  You Nasty"
"Seems about right..."
"When a girl in my AP U.S. History class pronounces &quot;Colonel&quot; as (Cuh-low-nel) instead of &quot;Kernel&quot; and the class agrees.... - Imgur"
"How I feel when everyone around me succeeds and I don't."
"Sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words"
"GIF Sound Mashups - Kitty Gif and Spanish Song"
"Its Simple..."
"So that explains it..."
"Me when nobody's around"
"They told me I could be anything so I became..."
"Nut up or shut up."
"Frontpage you say?"
"I hate tacos..."
"Gym  tan  LAZERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"
"BWWWAAAHHHHHHH!!!!"
"Coming this fall from the creators of the Simpsons"
"If you do this  fuck you."
"wtf is it?"
"You wash I'll dry."
"The end of the rainbow eh?"
"A cat and a horse were on a boat..."
"It's a horse  carrying a cat  on a boat  at sea."
"The pinky way"
"Beautiful huge Butterfly. Anyone know what type of butterfly this is?"
"too big"
"Reddit  I Give You: Tron Cat"
"Thom Yorke being Thom Yorke"
"This was hard to do."
"This hurts my brain [GIF]"
"Wut?"
"Pokemon Center"
"My attitude on Mondays"
"Seriously though..."
"Cunnilingus..on a fat girl."
"Googled &quot;drunk as fuck on reddit&quot; and this is what came up. . . . ."
"Pew pew."
"Handling flash floods: college level"
"When it floods in Vegas..."
"Michelle Obama's speech last night"
"MATH WTF...."
"Can someone explain this to me? Im kinda stumped."
"After sitting through the credits of Dark Knight Returns for nothing"
"&quot;The secret to happiness is freedom. This right here is freedom&quot; - 13 million dollar bank statement at a cafe"
"You feel so goood"
"To Protect and Serve"
"I see your lavender fields and raise you tulip fields from Holland"
"If you have kids you know this is 100% true."
"Sex tape ! [NSFW]"
"Racist dog."
"Stay classy..."
"Lost to Michael Jordan  but won the costume contest."
"This is what i do when i wake up to a sea of upboats"
"bitch slap"
"An updated view of the jump today (not the old picture)."
"wonder how that feels like"
"This is how I feel on my first day back at work"
"I am a 15 year old male."
"How I feel when people post about something they don't care about"
"Why I made an OKC"
"The humpty dance is your chance to do the hump."
"Infronta Everybody"
"The first thing I look for in a house"
"I'm in love with his shoes  especially the signature MeerKats."
"Don't Make A Mess  She Said"
"It's Magic! [xpost from r/ImGoingToHellForThis"
"Showed up on Facebook  deserved better..."
"all i need is you smiling"
"Oh boy! 3 a.m.!"
"It sells itself!"
"Sham...what the fuck..."
"Got a shirt making kit from my husband...fun was had and if you don't like this shirt.. Well that's okay."
"Do you think humans will ever walk on the sun?"
"Not sure if serious. O_o"
"I'm not sure what happened here  but I'm kinda sad i wasn't invited"
"You came to the wrong neighbourhood"
"Smiling Chair"
"How I view the debates"
"When I need to log in to see a video on youtube"
"Drugs."
"This is what happens in my head after I do well at my first real job"
"Red Pandas: The funniest of pandas"
"Much more Simple than frowning."
"Always remember!"
"For those smug wankers who say &quot;Smile!&quot;"
"Paul Maclean's Twin showed up at Sens game today"
"Never in history has there been a worse Photoshop."
"This photo describes Mitt Romney's campaign perfectly."
"This seems awfully familiar: A guy's opinion"
"My God - It's Amazing!"
"Adorable"
"How cute is this?!"
"What is love? (another remake)"
"This bird looks a bit disappointed."
"I missed you  /r/WTF [NSFW]"
"Moderators at the presidential debates..."
"How I feel upvoting a post already at a 0"
"The Katy Perry movie needed something"
"&quot;And I say your three cent titanium tax doesn't go too far enough.&quot;"
"what happened to me yesterday"
"When the phone rings while you’re on the toilet.."
"&quot;Make one move and I'll let the whole thing blow!&quot;"
"whenever a camper kills me in COD this is all i can think of."
"YOLO"
"My thoughts exactly!"
"just missed the cut for r/aww"
"Irish girl sunbathing"
"Irish girl sunbathing... No not her"
"Irish Girl Sunbathing"
"Needs no description"
"Mo'fuckin TUUUUUUBE!"
"You what? Come here and say that!"
"Advertisement WIN"
"Vicks"
"&quot;Eagling&quot;"
"Reddit would get alot more interesting."
"Fuck Yeah !! SCIENCE"
"The things some women do for their kids"
"MFW a post has 1700 replies"
"STAT!"
"Isn't it amazing that the CGI in Jurassic Park still holds up today? To think we were all playing on our Super Nintendos when it was released."
"Oh Canada..."
"Guess Who Got Fired?"
"Neverending Corginess  Enjoy!"
"Preparing for Sandy"
"Banana Dance Off"
"Saw this on facebook... literally can't stop laughing. Sorry if it's a repost."
"Can not eat...can not eat...."
"This is my favourite gif  it makes me laugh every time"
"How I looked at my friend when he showed me /r/spacedicks/"
"Meanwhile  in Australia"
"How I feel being just one more Upvote away from the front page  and don't make it."
"Guess what day it is?"
"star fox...is down!"
"Growlithe uses roar!"
"My face when someone asks me for gum"
"Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle"
"understanding my 3-hour-long 8am physics class"
"Stealthy Bastards."
"Every time I see someone on the other team playing the same champion as me..."
"Bitches be trippin' - Imgur"
"The Little Engine that said &quot;FUCK IT&quot;"
"when I eat someone else's food in my house"
"Whenever I piss someone off in a game."
"How I feel after buying $100 worth of gold."
"Who needs am air strike when you have the power of lightening?"
"Who needs am air strike when you have the power of lightening?"
"After a day of dealing with my parents shit..."
"Go ahead  call the police"
"Facebook gold."
"Round One! FIGHT!"
"Get down"
"I LIKE IT"
"Every time."
"McFuck You"
"Get out of here with that and go get me a Double Double!"
"Giant creepy baby"
"Never take a lollypop from a baby"
"Yes  Quite..."
"High Five!"
"A casual game of pool in Africa"
"These shoes are the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. Who actually buys this crap?"
"Damn fashion  you scary."
"Seriously????"
"How it is as a European on /r/funny"
"Come on Snoop  you got this."
"Beetlejesus... amirite?"
"This shirt is made for Reditors"
"im gonna crumb!"
"I'm not saying it's HUMANS but..."
"asian pumpkin"
"MFW I've just finished masturbating and the wife comes in asking for sex"
"The Reddit elevator"
"CAKAE DAY  Found this in my under files."
"How I feel when I realize I've been on Reddit for a year."
"My reaction when Romney said he will pursue and persecute porn if elected"
"creative post-it usage"
"The fuck is this?"
"Poor Space Elephants..."
"Neat Elephant Fact"
"Poor people barbequing."
"You Never Know."
"Me  when someone posts a LPT."
"Discovering r/reactiongifs at 3 am before an exam"
"Guys... GUYS. Holy fuck. [8]"
"I probably would have burned to death"
"Well that escalated quickly."
"Poor Johnny"
"Dorm cooking..."
"How I Feel Trying To Get To The Front Page"
"Louis CK &amp; Marc Maron"
"A shark after spending years being a shark [1920x1200]"
"Camera shy panda."
"My Kinda Ramen."
"So we began Shakespeare in class today."
"One step closer to the robot apocalypse..."
"When I goto r/WTF..."
"Amazing street art..."
"Amazing Long Exposure Photos From The ISS"
"Meet the mods!"
"ATTENTION DOUCHEBAGS! meet your GOD!!!"
"Swag or.."
"Today was his birthday- needless to say  he was pretty happy."
"Yeah  I totally believe you."
"Do you even read?"
"I think I'd still hit that...(NSFW)"
"http://i.imgur.com/FARTS.jpg"
"The average cod or bf3 player."
"Banana"
"Sleeping on a cliff.."
"Welcome to Disney World kids"
"How I felt voting for a 3rd party candidate today.[FIXED]"
"Somebody fucked with the jesus"
"Jay-Z Beyonce  and... Barack Obama"
"Whenever I watch a porno that runs for less than 5 minutes..."
"My thoughts after watching Requiem for a Dream for the first time..."
"Seeing Priority Peter after being away from Reddit for 3 days"
"Having Sex After 1 Year of Being Dry"
"Germany FTW!"
"How to start a fight"
"Just fucking cha cha......"
"A question I've found myself pondering of late."
"Because Japan."
"I walk downstairs this morning to my cat like this..."
"Giraffe + Fat Corgi Puppy = This."
"Nic don't need a Cage[x-post from WTF]"
"I enjoyed this too much."
"White &amp; Nerdy"
"All of us at the school dances"
"SFW Cumshot"
"Spiders don't bother me at all"
"Seems legit  how bout it ladies!?"
"Farming [not op]"
"I dont want to live on this planet anymore."
"Stop!"
"You are under a rest"
"&quot;Spiral out - keep going...&quot;"
"The Golden Ratio Proportion."
"When someone on Facebook posts a picture of a retarded tattoo they got and they're being praised for how cool it is."
"When I'm behind someone driving who has their turn signal on and doesn't ever turn"
"Cattail Nubs"
"OH SHIT."
"50 Shades of Grey  the movie"
"Workout level: Fat ass"
"Soon to be released"
"I see your most British picture and raise you the most Mexican picture ever."
"Can't tell if he's like &quot;Come at me  bro!&quot; or coming in for a hug."
"Fabulous mantis  is fabulous."
"What inevitably goes through my head when I consider Neil Armstrong's historic achievement..."
"What I imagine when watching football"
"This was made for me by a kind soul"
"Bailing photogenically"
"Well they are white."
"&quot;You're a walking turn-on&quot;"
"My reaction to reddit being down when my internet sucks anyways."
"I... don't even..."
"Cowabunga"
"Dear mom..."
"WTF Americans?"
"Whatcha waiting for Ref!!!!"
"well that escalated quickly (fb)"
"Tickle Tickle Tickle!"
"Hmm  this looks familiar."
"Cat hair"
"This was me for an hour while I walked around the mall after dropping off my glasses for adjustment at LensCrafters..."
"Mentos-beer experiment  wait for it...."
"How Americans see the world."
"I don't know man.."
"They told me I could be anything."
"When my friend told me he was getting back with his cheating ex girlfriend"
"Scumbag penguin..."
"The Ice Cream Man"
"Splitscreen."
"i saw this as i was browsing facebook. the caption says  &quot;Not the ones speaking the same language  but the ones sharing the same feeling understand each other.&quot;"
"Mesmerizing Brows (xpost /r/pics)"
"stereotypes are bad"
"Lets make a face"
"Going back to r/WTF's roots for the final time."
"Dat Bell"
"About to stay with my girlfriends family for a few days"
"Giving the &quot;Holy Spirit&quot; a bad rep..."
"Corgis want in on the montage action"
"Watching The Big Bang Theory when.."
"The real question"
"You are coming with me  mister!"
"Repeat 6 times until you settle on scrambled eggs."
"When I'm hungry and nobody went grocery shopping"
"This is about sums what happens every time I open up my fridge (first post)"
"i don't understand ....."
"Cell phone logic"
"Awww  come here you!"
"HIIIYAAA!"
"One of the better crossovers I've seen"
"How I feel as a Political Science major taking Biology"
"I was Googling Greek Mythology stuff when suddenly..."
"Don't touch my virginity."
"When on a date she casually mentions that she has a boyfriend"
"If I hungry  I eats"
"Does anyone know the story behind this? (MMA hilarity)"
"I can't stop watching - laughing at this"
"I'm sorry  but this is not the face I picture when I think 'world's richest woman.'"
"How I feel trying to find twinkies now"
"Douglas Adam's puddle analogy still captures the mindset of the religious better than anything else"
"Only white man dumb enough to think he could improve system like that"
"When I find an awesome  relevant  or exciting website and attempt to post it on Reddit  only to find it's already been submitted..."
"Canadian gangs"
"90's Bad ass"
"Off to New Zealand"
"Bitch (fixed) (fixed)"
"Every time I hear a lame joke from a news reporter.."
"I found this on my newsfeed and i totally ignored it"
"That escalated VERY quickly"
"Today is my Birthday. Here is more Facebook stupidity."
"My friend wanted to show me what a bad poison oak reactionlooks like"
"Good night  sweet prince...rest in peace"
"Is your joke still funny?"
"Well that escalated quickly"
"if u listtin 2 a skrilex song   u git deep nd meeningful lyriks"
"When I noticed that the subreddit I created just passed 100 000 readers."
"Palindrome."
"A volta chiwawa"
"Some Men "
"Venti..."
"He does this every time I enter suspended animation  and it breaks my heart. Every. Time."
"Wife wanted to watch an episode of Futurama. She is a monster!"
"Still my favorite GIF of all time."
"Bees! Bees! BEEEEES!!!!!"
"Oprah's gift giveaway."
"Hey guys look at what I found on the internet. [xpost from r/photoshopbattle]"
"SPECIAR DERIVERY!"
"This is what debating a Ryan-Republican always winds up looking like."
"Maternal Instincts. (x-post from r/misc)"
"Maternal instincts"
"Just a clown and his bubble girl (NSFW)"
"lolol"
"Hug Me"
"&quot;you are doing that too much. try again in 6 minutes.&quot;"
"Forgot to put self post on my first post"
"Winzip"
"Use your brain (NSFW)"
"Shortest attention span ever"
"When my parents tell me not to do something"
"I can do what I want"
"What they say."
"Coke  Mentos  and a condom"
"Coke  Mentos  and a condom"
"the latest dark knight poster"
"So excited for the new Batman movie!!"
"i can't stop looking at this photo"
"Dat photoshop"
"Bump"
"Meanwhile  In Pakistan"
"Go home  rainbow"
"Oh grandma"
"I.... What?!"
"every time i play guitar hero"
"Did you Redditors ever feel truly passionate about something in life like this guy?"
"online gaming"
"Whenever I find free Wi-Fi in public"
"Gangnam Kitty"
"Watch out Ron! Dementors!"
"Well  he is a sponge..."
"Fish=1: Cat=0"
"Aaaaa-ATATATATATA"
"Real or No?"
"Well... that's awkward..."
"When you try to eat a hot potato"
"Scumbag referee."
"Just a storm. [X-Post from EarthPorn] (pic)"
"Only in Germany... Dead cat copter"
"One last thing: Jobscopter"
"Does this actually exist ?? DO WANT!"
"The only cool spider"
"How my friends must feel after convincing me to go out dancing"
"How I imagine whining teen girls on my news feed 10 years from now"
"Summer is over."
"You couldn't get more specific and to the point."
"Must Acquire Immediatly"
"googled up super happy asian emoticon  found this..."
"Seems legit"
"I'm just sayin'"
"Wilson  no!"
"Mind=Blown"
"Me when there's a 2 for 1 Arizona Ice Tea sale"
"Stormtroopers are sexy too"
"When I go out drinking with my girlfriend."
"Good night  Reddit. I'll see you on the other side..."
"Surfing with Obama"
"Seems legit."
"Got called &quot;faggot&quot; for liking The Rocky Horror Picture Show today..."
"oh you shared your honest opinion on Reddit [FIXED]"
"I WANTED WAFFLES!"
"Googled what the fuck. Was not disappointed."
"Best oompa Loompa cosplay ever?"
"This made me laugh so hard."
"Pretty much my day"
"Stay in the damn box!"
"Damn turtle  you scary."
"Open the door..."
"only in australia....."
"Here's a fun game; Guess the country!"
"For those of you that are bored. Enjoy!"
"Table Trick? Nailed it."
"finds out there's another toddlers and tiaras spin-off show coming up..."
"Seems legit..."
"Put on Your Dancing Jews"
"best knockout I've ever seen"
"when a gif takes more than 30 seconds to load"
"Working 50 hours a week when each online class says it will require 10+ hours a week"
"Every time a bottle of conditioner says &quot;Apply to hair and leave on for 3-5 minutes&quot;"
"When my boyfriend tells me I should wash my darks and whites separately."
"How I feel about people who capitalize every word in a sentence..."
"Finally watched Toy Story 3  with a date"
"Katy Perry as Jane Lane from Daria."
"This is how you know you've got true friends."
"Our love is forever. So here is Nokia Phone."
"Oh look  another cake day gif post..."
"This is Morgan Freeman. With a cat on his head."
"Mmmmm....children"
