"Expectation"
"Joker's Boners... [FIXED]"
"Wait  what? WTF Joker? That's not ok  man..."
"Obama Sushi  I feel damaged."
"Ball skills. . ."
"Trollcat"
"Troll cat."
"mean cat"
"Man cuts off his genitals and mutilates his penis. Picture of his private area after the attack. NSFL."
"If I get any Otter  I'm jumping in here."
"You want me to get in there!?!?!"
"the best travel companion"
"Protecting them early on is a good thing"
"Baby anteaters give good hugs."
"Uncle Ben"
"This is how badass I wanna be"
"Fireball taken at the birthday celebration of Sri Guru Nanak"
"Nothing like a good kick in the ass!!"
"In FB newsfeed  I cracked a smile"
"Origin of Humans"
"Snapple really needs to bring this stuff back."
"If you really hated someone in the 90s  you served them this."
"Guys  I have an idea  wait here...."
"Scumbag OAG"
"Thingken of life."
"Nice try  math"
"Guess she likes X-Men ( nsfw mby )"
"A Die Hard Wolverine Fan?"
"Wolverine"
"When you go swimming and the water is too cold"
"Dat ass  or how I learned to stop worrying and love the muffin top."
"Tight shorts vs. obesity"
"Deadpool spinning [FIXED]"
"Oh Chicago.."
"City buses scare me"
"How to win a staring contest"
"One of my favorite gifs of all time."
"Bitch please!"
"You wanna go?"
"Finding out Steam is down!!!!!!!"
"When my posts get downvoted"
"Still hilarious."
"Anyone have a video link to this one?"
"Boooooom Headshot!"
"Cool trick"
"Steve Irwin"
"Reposter's reaction to Reddit's accusations."
"Most comments on a huge thread"
"How I feel when opening up an incognito window to look at sexy things."
"I took one look at r/spacedicks"
"When I see my ex in public."
"1 year of metal"
"Women  see what PMS does!"
"Noooooo!!"
"Thats us in 5 years."
"What r/atheism really is"
"That's nothing! (4Chan)"
"Left in a Vegetative state"
"Introducing... The Monkey Tail Beard"
"One reason to love Brazil.."
"When an American white guy wins silver in the 10 000 m."
"hey listen"
"To all you hunters..."
"Fuck this - I'm Walking!"
"Thats a funny looking worm..."
"Aaayoooo I'm a turtle"
"my new job.."
"Sadistic"
"Every time I post new material lately..."
"How I felt when my first post was downvoted to the depths of hell"
"I hate this book! I don't want to read it!"
"Whenever I try to make the front page"
"Commenting a front page link."
"Expressing you'r own opinion in Reddit."
"Didn't see that one coming."
"You have no idea how happy this just made me..."
"Kitten!"
"Thanks Gamestop. Just what I was looking for."
"Thanks Gamestop. Just what I was looking for."
"I SWEAR IT WASN'T ME"
"Pool Prankster"
"When my 4 year old says I make the best scrambled eggs in the world..."
"Mid-Air Bee Collision Translated from &quot;Bzzz&quot; to &quot;Reddit&quot;"
"Defending the front page from /new"
"How I cope as a Redditor without a cat."
"Meow. [X-post from r/pics]"
"Them Eyes."
"Atheism has led to the greatest forms of cruelty! [Pic]"
"World history with pope"
"atheism has led to the greatest forms of cruelty and violations of justice..."
"what really happened to the dinosaurs."
"My first random imgur pic"
"I want one"
"pure innocence"
"Ostrich shredding the gnar"
"I'm a motherf*cking ostrich!"
"Meanwhile  in Canada..."
"Posted a negative comment about the Hunger Games on my FB and..."
"This creeps me the fuck out"
"How would you feel?"
"How is this not a mainstream campaign?"
"Kicking in the face gone wrong. [Repost]"
"Licking pussy"
"A friend linked this to me  I didn't really know what to think..."
"Toilet Paper Roll Scenes... - Imgur"
"Hello ladies. I don't always hang out with men  but when I do  they're the most interesting men."
"Manliest pic of all men"
"The mind cannot comprehend how awesome this photo truly is."
"The most interesting man in the world  with the man your man could smell like. I think I'm in love."
"The man you want to be and the most interesting man in the world  in the same picture!"
"popcorn"
"Cigarettes are bad for you."
"Now is the time to quit smoking."
"How I felt when the host of last night's party brought out two bottles of 151"
"Pokemon bruise art. this is awesome!"
"Reaching through a house"
"Why sell meth when you can breed puppies?"
"Best Sandy damage pics combined into one album for easy viewing pleasure"
"break up level: teddy"
"Good without God"
"&quot;Atheists don't care about anyone but themselves!&quot; Yeah  Okay."
"To anyone who bombs their first time up. (x-post from r/quotesporn)"
"Reddit Title: &quot;Got this in the mail today.&quot; Reality: found a cute picture of a cat on the internet and thought I'd share."
"BOXCAT"
"Package just arrived!"
"It finally came in the mail!"
":3"
"Ambiguous god"
"I guess most people  including myself  are very selfish."
"It's school time!"
"A Meme about Reposts?"
"Nothing  except what the translators say."
"Welcome to Canada"
"Hey  boys. Cum butter my buscuit (; [F]irst post. Be gent[le]."
"My 1st time visiting r/spacedicks (I grew up on the wrong side of the internet)"
"Firs time a saw a naked girl."
"Realizing it's a day later in the week than you thought"
"Someone upgraded"
"Clearing out my image folder on my old computer  very happy when I saw this again."
"Found this on facebook"
"Uh  damn."
"The Land Before Time"
"Solvay Conference 1927  29 Of History's Most Famous Scientific Minds In One Photo. (Colourised)"
"Larry. Fucking. Gooseman."
"The Goose is loose!"
"It's good to be king  um...queen"
"Parenting - You're doing it right."
"Bioshock Cosplay - Parent/Child"
"Perfect gif-nastics."
"B()()BS"
"No seriously. STOP!"
"By the second page of /r/TheStopGirl - [it just went private?!]"
"MJ was too awesome to worry about that midgets ashy foot resting on his leg."
"nope nope nope....NOPE!"
"So that's how we catch a cold"
"Da fuck did I just read?"
"Boo  you whore"
"overly attached jesus"
"It's almost the Christmas season!"
"Time Travel"
"Time Travel"
"It's Irrelevant!"
"Yea... Me too."
"All my friends are dead"
"When I make a post that starts strong and then just dies."
"AND missiles!"
"Looks Yummy!"
"Tobey Maguire approves."
"How Moses really used his powers."
"Mascot fail."
"It was worth a try..."
"So close"
"The Philly Phanatic. Doing the Lord's work. (xpost r/baseball)"
"Worth A Try"
"Oh you Phanatic!"
"Ultimate Fusion! - by Chawit Waewsawangwong"
"How pandas are made."
"finding this beautiful  beautiful subreddit"
"Just got hired for my first job"
"BEARSHARKALOCTOPUS!!!"
"Dawwwwwlphin"
"Rescued baby La Plata dolphin!"
"Disturbing - The growth of Walmart since 1962"
"Came across this. Couldn't help but laugh."
"How I feel when I go to use the bathroom after my dad and he said he only took a piss but really took a nasty shit"
"Pigeons"
"Longest gif ever  but it's worth the wait."
"Closer.. Clooooooooooseeeer.."
"After staring at this for a good 10 minutes  I can see where it loops."
"Only 9¢"
"This is how Reddit dies."
"Reddit's worst nightmare [Fixed]"
"I love my job"
"Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words. I believe this is the proper reaction to hearing that you have it."
"Every Time I Finish"
"Ain't no one"
"Ain't no one."
"Ain't no one."
"Ain't NO ONE fuck with Tiny Hippo"
"Ain't no one fuck with the tiny hippo"
"This guy is awesome."
"Just a hedgehog taking a bath"
"New Chuck Norris fact."
"Terror [xpost from /r/brokengifs]"
"A wise advice...."
"Bruce  go home."
"Astronauts hang out at the..."
"Pokemon!"
"I see your Australian Monopoly and raise you Iraqi Monopoly"
"MFW they show anyone but my home country on tv during the Olympics"
"hurricane sandy gettin' serious."
"Oh Sandra D"
"Proof that God is a Goat"
"The Queen having a giggle at Prince Philip's ceremonial uniform"
"The Queen having a giggle at Prince Philip's ceremonial uniform (x-post from /r/unitedkingdom)"
"Wait  what...what the fuck?"
"And With A Rebel Yell He Cried..."
"I found this way too funny"
"And with a rebel yell he cried..."
"In the midnight hour  she cried &quot;MErermErmer&quot;"
"Can touch this."
"When I try to put on makeup without a mirror.."
"Since when does ice cream become face paint?"
"a picture of the streaker from the Texas Tech vs West Virginia game (SFW)"
"A perfectly timed picture of the Tx. Tech streaker"
"Crispy M&amp;M's  very tasty!"
"That One Too."
"Fast-food take-out."
"NOT COOL DUDE!!"
"Forget Santa and God  this is the question I'm dreading from my kids."
"they see me rollin....."
"Andrew thought Jesus was a badass"
"How it feels to unsubscribe from r/athiesm"
"This town needs a better class of breakfast (The Joker infiltrated my breakfast)"
"Take my money"
"Various tributes to video games and movies by Patrick Brown (Grand Theft Auto Legends)"
"Ain't no one fuck with tiny hippo. [REPOST]"
"You don't mess with tiny hippo"
"slow motion water balloon in the face"
"LMFAO"
"Hitler calls shotgun when you ride alone"
"So this popped up on my Facebook feed..."
"Monster cocks"
"How I feel after I finish a 50 without breathing."
"Spongebob never seems to disappoint me."
"When Reddit is down"
"Skipping like an American Psycho"
"After discovering /r/Atheism"
"Steve Irwin on elevator animals."
"Everyone has an ex like this."
"The current status of Humble Indie Bundle V"
"Great find by George Tekai today"
"Dancing Polar Bear"
"Mambo 1.. 2.. 3.. 4  5"
"When someone asks why I support marriage equality..."
"AAHHHH CHOOOO OM NOM NOM NOM NOM"
"Aww/WTF/funny all in one. I love you WTFers most  so here you go."
"62 knows what's up"
"Just some art-work I was commissioned for"
"magic trick"
"Tablecloth Pull Fail"
"and..... Ta-da!"
"A Mother Shaves Numbers On Her Identical Quadruplet Boys’ Heads"
"My brother is visiting Australia. I asked him if they had any American food in the restaurants. He sent me this."
"This is what passes for &quot;Ameican food&quot; in Australia"
"As pretty as she is..."
"Toy Story just mind fucked me."
"I very much enjoy this Toy Story humor"
"Sid  all grown up."
"That cat is a dick"
"Maybe this is why I don't have a girlfriend..."
"someones sleeping on the couch tonight.."
"SquidWorld"
"This is what bone cancer of the skull looks like. NOPE."
"Magic!"
"When I see someone trying to recall in enemy jungle with 5 mia..."
"How I feel spending hours on reddit when I have a term paper due in 18 hours that I haven't started."
"How I feel crushing hopes and dreams on /new"
"Just taking a dog for a run"
"Relevant..."
"The Bacon Narwhal"
"The original Ronald McDonald (from 1963) [FIXED]"
"LOL"
"restroom graffiti"
"Mountain Rats? Fuck that."
"my favorite comic of all time"
"Not sure if repost  but I laughed WAY to hard at this"
"This makes me laugh no matter how many times I see it."
"His face is priceless"
"This is the funniest thing I've seen on my Facebook News Feed."
"REEEEEEEEEEPPPOOOOOOOSSSSSSTTTTTT"
"When i see you"
"Get on CS GO for the first time. Going 0-4..not good. Spawn with the bomb  get the plant and finish round 5-4."
"How I feel when teenage parents spam pictures of their kids on Facebook"
"How I feel when my parents make me go to church."
"Freddie Mercury killin it in some PJs with some cats"
"freddy mercury...with cats!"
"One More Day; My Sweet."
"Tonight....YOU!"
"My favorite LOL in the game  thus far"
"Otter pup. That is all."
"This guy... Respect!"
"Are we dancing?"
"got taken out of the friendzone after 6 years!!!!!"
"When the first vote is an upvote"
"When I post a typo in my title."
"Another kind of Alphabet..."
"Don't be racist  be like Mario."
"Woah  trippy as fuck (x-post from r/pics)"
"Infinities within Infinities"
"How peculiar"
"Making Instant Potatoes"
"When I saw How Its Made is now on Netflix"
"Being tricked into looking at lemonparty.com..."
"When I found lube on my parents nightstand."
"My favorite gif happens to go with my favorite song!"
"So Facebook is down..."
"Most awkward old west photo ever...I do not make a cute saloon girl."
"That's right  i'm talking to you!"
"Hola amigo"
"Gaming logic"
"What i feel like coming home at 4am drunk as fuck [gif]"
"whoosh! {x-post from r/gifs}"
"Dolphin rape?"
"you're doing it wrong"
"you're doing it wrong"
"No  he iz mine!"
"Penis Penis Penis... (It's a comic -- unless &quot;penis&quot; is too much  it's SFW)"
"PENIS PENIS PENIS!"
"&quot;I'm gonna make you all go &quot;D'aww&quot;"
"Willception."
"How I feel disagreeing with a popular opinion at any point in life..."
"&quot;No.&quot;"
"Prayer Works!"
"Yoda Pug"
"When the person I'm arguing with makes a mistake."
"As a black male  these stereotypes offend me"
"As a black male  I still find this funny."
"As a black male  I still find this funny"
"I'm black  but I still thought this was hilarious..."
"Whoooo! INTERNET!"
"When I Realize I Slept through three periods after waking up in the library"
"Karmawhoring"
"stahp"
"This showed up on my news feed..."
"It's a dog dressed like a person"
"Shit just got real on the playground"
"God Bless America."
"Meanwhile...In North Korea"
"What is this ad even for?"
"These Facebook ads are starting to scare the shit out of me"
"So this was sitting in my sidebar today"
"I was on youtube when I saw this ad...."
"Recently saw this ad for Social Work..."
"Youtube ads are getting weird."
"My dinosaur has machine guns  does yours?"
"Photoshop troll"
"This is how you become a legend."
"Hollywood gives us unrealistic expectations. (xpost from /r/funny)"
"my face when I remember I had homework due last night"
"Realizing summer is over in a week"
"Because getting food in your hair would just look ridiculous"
"Don't worry  I got this"
"cool idea"
"Now that i have expert level spells  this is how i feel when im not killing everything in sight."
"This Kills The Man"
"I'm scared of paper now..."
"DEAL WITH IT"
"Undead lawn ornaments - f'ing creepy."
"all i could think was  someone got paid to come up with this..."
"A beautiful  haunting piece of advertising"
"Wat."
"Dream girl"
"How I feel after 2 rounds of interviews lasting 3 hours"
"My brother is looking after my pet tarantula while I'm away. He just sent me this picture."
"JK Rowling's new Adult Novel &quot;The Casual Vacancy&quot;. First page. [FIXED]"
"Found this little guy in the woods. Must have gotten lost in the storm."
"She's pretty horny..."
"How to BMX like a pro."
"How dogs should fetch."
"Oh look. The weather and my ex  in one news story."
"Redditor cuts two kittens in half and sews opposite halves together; saves the other two halves for when the karma train stops."
"Whenever my cat runs away from my affections."
"With expected results  Nightcrawler played football for Auburn"
"If Night Crawler played American football."
"Still my favorite .gif ever. NSFW"
"...Seriously?"
"yakety metalhead"
"Sean Connery at US Open... I feel a meme coming on..."
"Every time I finish a rock band marathon"
"Not sure if this came from here or just belongs here... Just a baby polar bear."
"just an albino crow"
"That's the spirit"
"Sometimes it must be shit to be a metalhead"
"No Vacancy!"
"How I feel when people tell me to be myself and stop caring what other people think."
"You think he listens to Death Camp for Cutie?"
"Adolf Hipster"
"Adolf Hipster"
"Adolf Hipster"
"Snake venom + Blood"
"The President of the United States of America"
"1 out of 3 people"
"raise you a xray AND a sinkhole"
"This hotel knows how to do it"
"Bitch Please! I choose no!"
"Is really sweet"
"My Abs of Atheism"
"Saw this on my newsfeed  thought you guys would get a laugh"
"Lights"
"Got &quot;caught&quot; slippin"
"Just saw a Kit Kat commercial"
"Picard on pot legalization"
"How I react to &quot;I say I'm fine  but I'm not&quot; posts on Facebook"
"I thought this was a day of happiness and merriment."
"Ohh god  what have I done.."
"Hardcore Mosh Pit"
"Everybody's Doing the Cat Dance!"
"Space Shuttle over Austin."
"Cat's reaction to the earthquake"
"Don't Startle Diabeetus Cat"
"I'm not sure why this makes me laugh so much..."
"What Pokemon feels like after not watching it for ten 11 years..."
"If anything belonged on r/WTF it's this. Enjoy the weekend Reddit!"
"Obama + The Walking Dead"
"How half of you get your karma."
"Modern Warfare"
"Hes going to be EVERYWHERE tomorrow. Get ready."
"Reddit on Skyrim."
"My reaction when my karma jumped from 1 to 47 overnight"
"How I felt when I got my first bit of karma on Reddit."
"My reaction when I got to 1000 link karma right before my cake day"
"Y U NO get a real guitar?"
"Don't mind me"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaand scene."
"Merry Christmas  Hispanic Redditors!"
"&amp; happy holidays"
"christmas vandalism"
"Now that I think about it  the Ku Klux Glam belongs here. (x-post from r/pics)"
"First Court Appearance"
"I-PHONE 5 The best Apple device ever released !"
"You gonna light that pipe?"
"A great metaphor for life"
"Women = Problems (proof)"
"Like mother  like duck"
"Reddit is so powerful."
"Dog."
"I've been training my whole life for this moment."
"Hello?"
"Hitler likes to party"
"well shit tyrone!!!"
"For real dawg."
"Old but it gets me every time"
"yes. yes they are."
"Pick up your free copy!"
"Mont Saint-Michel at Low Tide"
"Praise Horus (Also  I stole this off FB so I'm assuming some of these are not true  I'd be interested to know which  if any)"
"How muslim men must feel"
"Well hello there..."
"Somethings not quite right here"
"Well hello..."
"Perfect timing"
"Otters hold hands when they sleep."
"Sea Otters holding paws to prevent drifting apart"
"The Great Catsby"
"I'll just leave this here."
"My typical morning.."
"I received my financial aid today. This is the most relevant picture on the internet for me right now."
"How I feel every time I get paid"
"How i felt when I got 200 link karma"
"Living in the Northeast and seeing the weather."
"Weird 3D tattoo"
"Hard at work."
"Photos"
"The majority of posts on /new"
"In retrospect  the 'hype' for The War Z was something like this"
"I'm sure everyone who bought The War Z can &quot;follow&quot; on this one"
"Seems legit."
"The first YouTube comment to actually make me laugh."
"When there are no words."
"Here is a photograph of Michael Jackson holding a large pair of underwear with two doves on his wrists."
"Optical illusion."
"I guess he wants his statuses to smell nice."
"Evolution or Devolution?"
"The Difference"
"After looking at the material for my required class this upcoming semester"
"Now I want some cereal"
"Explaining Reddit to a friend"
"Going back to shut my trunk after bringing all the groceries in with only one trip."
"I just found out that it's my cake day..."
"Holographic Pac with kitten swag."
"When my friends show me stuff they think is funny from 9gag."
"This amazing illustration contains some of my most cherished moments in gaming"
"25 Years of Zelda"
"And I thought I was big..."
"Two ladies having a drink"
"This is why honeybees die after they sting someone"
"Bee leaving stinger behind [x-post /r/pics]"
"How much??"
"To the people who complain about legos getting stuck  have you ever used one of these bad boys?"
"WOW SO THAT'S HOW!"
"Why?"
"Food for loose women."
"When Batman gets bored..."
"They need to bring this franchise back."
"Catapult"
"cat scares itself"
"What you do when you walk through a spiderweb"
"When somebody says  &quot;Stay still  there's something in your hair&quot;"
"The two most lovable things  Babies and Nutella"
"Long story short..."
"Fuck your silly games"
"maybe next time."
"How I feel when we're doing baron and enemy jungler steals it"
"Wife says no more guns until I get a bigger safe. My reaction..."
"I &lt;3 the 90's"
"Hug"
"Very cool hand paint"
"Winning an internet argument"
"Dodgeball skills"
"This is what I feel like saying about Christmas working in retail"
"NO!!!!!"
"Nuclear Launch Detected"
"Look of Pure Terror"
"Photo of the Milky Way from Mars"
"Hey reddit i found the old man from &quot;UP&quot;"
"Plague inc. on half-life 3."
"You talk too much"
"Searched up &quot;I love Reddit.&quot; Was suprised"
"this photo gave me nightmares  I swear to god"
"...HEADSHOT"
"MURICA!"
"A geological timescale for Creationists"
"What is love?"
"Wait A Second!"
"Nature's beauty...the glasswing butterfly"
"Don't bring a knife to a gun fight"
"Anarchy!"
"fuck the police"
"Fuck the police"
"Muslim anti-America riots rage in Canada"
"Canadian Muslims are also rioting."
"Because fuck 'em"
"Alright  now lower it nice and slow.. dammit"
"Alright  now lower it nice and slow.. dammit"
"Realistic time travel"
"The elusive Reddit downvoter"
"Horrified!"
"How does that runner turn into a black man?"
"Dude..possibly[NSFW]"
"Dat jiggle..."
"Why Boats Make A Great Investment"
"Exams are coming up ..."
"Every morning I look like this at 6 AM"
"This is true"
"Well  I guess it's true."
"Jimi and Jabba"
"Jimi owed Jabba"
"What's in here?"
"r/loseit in a nutshell"
"This is just cruel."
"Make a speling mistake on a Reddit submission"
"Wise words."
"I couldn't have said it better myself."
"My grandpa has been very ill the past year. Showing him this picture made him laugh harder than I've ever seen. Thank you!"
"Wisdom of the ages."
"HEADSHOT"
"After about the 5th rejection"
"mind blown 0 0"
"Tornado in my backyard."
"Mother nature is a bitch!!!"
"My friend took this photo of a tornado that touched down near her house the other day."
"Kind of a huge fan of this new Deadmau5 album art."
"What I feel like leaving school early because of bad weather:"
"Bring WTF back to it's roots eh? Nailed it."
"The downside of being Jesus"
"jesus diving"
"Whenever somebody calls me out in public for being high"
"ah  spring break..."
"It's the weekend  so..."
"Hug it out  bro."
"Dat feel when you're in Gamestop and see a gamer be a few bucks shy on a trade-in for a new game."
"How I feel when there aren't any more good mortal kombat games"
"After making the front page twice in the last 2 days."
"Missing a friend"
"Youtube  I see what you did there!"
"Fennec Fox Smile"
"So foxy!"
"How my first post went."
"Whenever my mom looks at my computer screen to see what I'm looking at. [FIXED]"
"As requested  here is an album of my Doctor Who wallpapers/FB cover photos. Enjoy!"
"How I feel when I read the frontpage of r/science"
"They like me! They really like me!"
"How I feel going back to comment on my own post"
"I already know how I will feel after Christmas..."
"Go back..."
"These kids are too young to not be giving fucks about something like this happening ..."
"Go home iceberg  your drunk."
"My old tree remover"
"Too soon? [FB]"
"A new drink called the sandy"
"Too soon? [FB]"
"Doesn't every parent want this tshirt for their child?"
"Bro  I'm Jacked Dawg"
"There is no guttural scream loud enough for this."
"Why?"
"Ping Pong Boss"
"When a mosquito is flying around my brother and me"
"How i see everyone on Counter-Strike: Global Offensive"
"gets me everytime"
"Go home rainbow you're drunk."
"Unicorn cat"
"Love these guys."
"I'll have one hot dog with everything"
"When my smoke buddies and I venture out for more munchies  pretending we're not high."
"Zoom. Enhance. Dat face."
"When Reddit crashed during the Obama AMA"
"My face when I get skipped in the roto"
"I can show you the world."
"Hold on tight!"
"My first visit on r/spacedicks."
"Searched &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; on Twitter after US beat Japan.."
"When I come back to see how my Reddit post is doing"
"Pacman's origin story finally revealed"
"Welcome"
"How i feel when i get the one big stall in a public restroom"
"Just broke up with my girlfriend"
"How I feel when Reddit downvotes my posts [NSFW-ish]"
"When my boss's high school son asks me to find weed for him"
"Me when I realized I missed my first cake day"
"When I browse my friend's listening history on Spotify"
"So THAT'S How It Gets Everywhere"
"Baby hedgehogs melting my face off  havent seen this cuteness in a while."
"Checkmate."
"Laziness level &gt; 9000"
"Cat hit by truck"
"whos idea was this?"
"Oh...you wanna high five?"
"My new favorite gif."
"Babe Ruth and George H.W. Bush  1948 (George H. W. Bush  captain of the Yale baseball team  receives Babe Ruth's manuscript of his autobiography which he was donating to Yale) [1213 × 1600]"
"What it feels like to have karma."
"The way of things..."
"Running buddy (xpost aww/funny)"
"Amazing street art"
"Years later  and this remains the most powerful image I've ever seen."
"Who hasn't?"
"I was just thinking that I don't spend enough quality time with my guinea pig."
"Curiosity Drowned the Cat (2 gifs)"
"Head  balls  head  balls; never get's tired."
"Double Whammy!"
"How hard can it be?"
"Huargh!!"
"Those shoes..."
"hot hot hot hot!"
"Cool beer guy."
"Invisible Hulk SMASH!"
"He's a silent guardian. A watchful protector. A dark knight"
"Sesame Street is in Gotham city?"
"Stephen Hawking experiencing Zero Gravity"
"Stephen Hawking in zero gravity"
"Woohoo! I'm on top of the world!"
"Mike Tyson's soft side"
"I will eat your children."
"Never fails to make me laugh."
"When I try setting up two of my friends (fixed)"
"Thought it was about time to rake in some karma"
"How I feel playing Universe Sandbox"
"how i feel texting my crush [FIXED]"
"How I feel giving my girlfriend a massage"
"I recently met a new girl after being single for 7 years"
"Young love... it's a beautiful thing."
"Prepare for trouble"
"What is this  and why am I watching it??"
"I'll take this llama."
"I'll take this llama."
"How I feel about the heatwaves today and tomorrow"
"What I feel people in Colorado are thinking"
"Meanwhile  in Australia..."
"Deal with it."
"Godzilla+Glasses"
"home from university and i see my old room"
"When it floods in Charleston..."
"I’m just glad they let him keep his beanie on."
"Silly confused Golbats"
"My friend's dog is so cute..."
"If we're going to do depressing Spongebob..."
"How I feel having 2 937 link Karma and 23 728 comment Karma..."
"How I feel living in southeastern Louisiana"
"Lonely bob sad pants"
"that spin"
"Electron microscope image of an ant holding a microchip"
"First thing that came to mind when I saw this image."
"That's a good question Neil."
"Winter Resort"
"Skill levels explained"
"There is a lack of fennec foxes on reddit"
"Humans are weird."
"Final exams are coming?"
"How I feel about all these football posts as the average American redditor."
"This looks fun."
"dont know who's kitty this is  but its my desktop background and makes me smile everyday!"
"Where's WALL-E?"
"Sperm problem"
"Haven't had sex in a while..."
"This is me every Saturday night after a long work week..."
"OBESE CHILD LOL"
"How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?"
"I think you've had a little too much"
"Ride em in."
"keep calm  and wait."
"Story of the internet"
"I can't stop laughing at this"
"Okay. If you're reading this..."
"Karma's a bitch. You don't mess with the twil."
"You see this tray? Fuck you."
"Pay back  Bitch!"
"This is me going through Relevant_Rule34's posting history."
"I feel pretty"
"I found this interesting looking chair. It doesn't look too comfortable."
"Falcon Punch!! (x-post from wtf)"
"Super-cool gif of a rotating  3D nebula"
"How I feel upvoting new submissions"
"This changes everything."
"How I feel by Wednesday afternoon..."
"Albert Einstein playing with a marionette Albert Einstein"
"crazy cat lady starter kit"
"NASA and apple"
"How I look when my two favourite T.V programs both end."
"When a &quot;new&quot; post I downvoted hits the front page"
"Went back on reddit after a moment finding Obama doing an IAMA"
"Hopped on here and saw that slice of cake."
"How I blink when I'm high"
"70 percent of my time on Facebook"
"So this popped up on my news feed. and there I was thinking I had Intelligent Fb Friends..."
"Seriously Facebook?"
"Facebook totally understand memes"
"This fish could give a better blow job than my ex. (sorry for the title)"
"I took this photo  then decided I could put away my camera. There was no way I could take a better photo than this  EVER. - Imgur"
"My face when I wake up to the smell of my wife cooking bacon"
"Perfect Evening Walk."
"shut up and take my money"
"Don't mess with Peach."
"Found this on Facebook"
"YOU SAW NOTHING."
"Naked woman rotating two ways at once?"
"Just a Yawning Kitten"
"What I feel how there are no more anne hathaway gifs"
"Saw this on my Facebook newsfeed. I never thought of it like this."
"The black cat"
"My reaction after I saw that i got an A on a final I thought I bombed."
"Seems legit."
"You used me."
"ARCTIC FOXXXX!!!"
"Bring it!"
"Is it to soon?"
"Louis C.K. on anti-environmentalists"
"How to Kill a Walrus"
"True love."
"When I got my first 100+ upvote post."
"When I saw that cake next to my name."
"My reaction when someone famous replies to one of my tweets"
"It was my real birthday today  this is how every Facebook congratulation actually felt..."
"how i feel finally getting 1 comment karma"
"Lester Freamon's 9th birthday."
"me when my karma goes up"
"When I am using a public restroom and I found out there's wifi"
"He's Safe"
"Long live the king!"
"Long Live the King!"
"you spin me right round baby"
"Abusive relationships suck!"
"Church Rallies..."
"My first rave. (Jesus Camp)"
"How it feels to be a Redditor for a year"
"r/politics after hearing about Obama's AMA"
"Coolest Liquor / Wine cabinet I've ever seen."
"Golden Eagle Talons"
"Getting a single upvote while being downvoted into oblivion [OC]"
"Can't decide on a presidential candidate?"
"One more week til the election  always room for a write-in candidate!"
"Vader on Pink Floyd"
"Dear Microsoft  when you make your next console please leave this exactly the same"
"To the Dark Souls pc players. I made this out of frustration - thought I'd share... [FIXED]"
"Canada!:)"
"If I had one of these  I would be paranoid all the time"
"/r/battlestations suggested I post this here. A budget 3 monitor stand for under £25 (~$40 USD)."
"As a redditor trying to type a comment to the President's AMA"
"KangaSack!!"
"A picture from a panda's journey to the Edinburgh Zoo."
"The force is strong with these two"
"Muppets..."
"Back to roots"
"Searched &quot;wtf asians&quot; on google. No words"
"We all used to look like this."
"A child's skull before losing baby teeth."
"This morning when I discovered the Foo Fighters are going on a hiatus..."
"i knew i wasnt good at reddit..."
"Surprise Mothafucka"
"Two words that have a lot of flexibility."
"So Many Doakes"
"Suprise Motherfucker!"
"How I feel when I win a big argument."
"Good guy Adam Sandler."
"Spin!"
"19 of 19 people found they had something in their eye after reading the following product review."
"How I feel downvoting posts on the front page."
"I see your action movie punch and I raise you this multiple impact  mustache powered fist!"
"Coming Soon"
"I just had a pretty strong bout of the nostalgias..."
"That smile"
"cheating bastards."
"This is why I love Spongebob..."
"me and my roommate both started selling"
"How I think Michael Jordan changes tires"
"My reaction when the paddle broke during a spanking when I was younger."
"me after passing my drug test"
"I know it's overused but this perfectly describes how I feel when people make black jokes about me"
"Whenever Someone Tells Me They Enjoy Star Wars Episode 1."
"This is a little over half of my gif folder  enjoy."
"When a girl texts me to come over."
"How I look at My Morning Classes."
"T-Rex &amp; class participation"
"ladies  watch out for this stud."
"How I picture Christians after reading any /r/atheism posts"
"DO NOT WANT"
"How I feel when I try to be a &quot;Knight of New&quot;"
"The first time I went down on a girl"
"My reaction to people who claim LOLCats were the first meme."
"bird arm (x-post from /r/funny)thought it belonged here"
"Fuck Yo' Couch!"
"Everytime i need to Accept &amp; Read Terms of Service"
"Whenever I agree to Terms and Conditions"
"The sign did say free refills..."
"This tastes as bad as you think it does..."
"Pacman"
"Steve Buscemi had a boy."
"Like you don't even know..."
"Dug up Steve Buscemi's grade school picture"
"it actually bothers me that it wasn't plugged in"
"That's racist  super racist!"
"Patience"
"r/atheism in a nutshell"
"Today is my actual 23'rd cake day  how I feel after 13 years and finally understanding the meaning of &quot;Nobody likes you when you're 23&quot;"
"How I feel submitting a bad post on reddit."
"Top Gear"
"Dinosaurs were high as balls."
"Hey you guys redditing in class. Try this."
"Bored in class?"
"Happy Sinko de Meow!"
"If we fits we sits"
"Run while you can!"
"For everyone who complains about reposts making the front page  here's a tip."
"Got some OC here for you guys"
"This is fucked up."
"Definitely the flux capacitor."
"Well that took an unexpected twist"
"Everyone was thinking it..."
"Facebook chat girls"
"Damn Right!"
"The whole club looking at her"
"I don't see nothing wrong"
"Turn the lights down  baby"
"An Update: It's still pretty dark"
"I have been laughing at this for minutes..."
"Oh shit..."
"What i imagine Reddit meetups are like"
"&quot;Memes&quot; hoodie complete with &quot;memes&quot; hat."
"Googled &quot;true redditor&quot;"
"Do we need more problems??"
"Everytime"
"Nirvana with RuPaul"
"Even the dog doesn't want her."
"WOAH WOAH WOAH!"
"I see what you did there"
"Red. Mothertruckin. Panda."
"Red Panda ^_^"
"Lindsay Lohan looking as stunning as always"
"Whose Line Is It Anyway?"
"Make a wish"
"This boy has his priorities in order."
"Hipster Level 99"
"Tweet of the decade! [response]"
"Now that I think of it..."
"10 tips to prevent rape (x-post pics)"
"Random  lucky shot! What do you think reddit?"
"Diet coke and sex shouldn't mix"
"Fantasies sometimes come true in reality"
"caught in a landslide... no escape from reality"
"How I feel trying to Post on r/funny"
"uh..."
"I'd ride it"
"What I Imagine a Bukkake Clear-up is like (SFW)"
"Sportswomanship"
"How I felt watching the RNC"
"This is what's wrong with academia."
"Just the Cutest Little Bastard"
"Cat Food"
"How I feel surfing Reddit without RES or AlienBlue"
"The Derp is strong with this one"
"I heard that their was a fish party going on so  here's an axolotl"
"Perfectly timed picture of a tiger shaking itself dry"
"Busaba  a well cared for Indochinese Tigress whose home is at Khao Kheow Open Zoo  Thailand."
"Busaba  a well cared for Indochinese Tigress whose home is at Khao Kheow Open Zoo  Thailand. [990x660]"
"if the shoe fits..."
"The Flying Spaghetti Monster Appears!"
"Wasps and Windex"
"Stupid radio song versions"
"They should put bears in the game so we can do this"
"I've heard it's the next Proactiv."
"All of r/gaming today"
"Trying to convince my friends to get on reddit."
"Waffles anyone?"
"Dark Knight Rises MIND=BLOWN"
"Ladies Man"
"Honourable intention."
"I'm Getting Married Tomorrow Morning. This Is What I Thought When I Woke Up Today."
"Smile!"
"slightly more faith in humanity"
"These kind of pictures never cease to amaze me. They restore my faith in humanity and leave a little promise that we might actually survive together."
"&quot;Are you writing for the Onion ?&quot;"
"Adventure Time with &quot;So Fresh&quot; Finn and Jake"
"Gangnam Style!"
"Car Insurance: Level Sheep."
"Swarm  swarm  swarm!"
"How I feel about crackheads..."
"Tank Man- a different angle (in the distance  on the left)"
"When I get downvoted from 1 to 0"
"This really does make me lol every time"
"*Boop*"
"Imma boop your head!"
"Boop!"
"For those of you actually stressed about finals here's a picture that never fails to make me grin."
"Everyone's favorite"
"MRW I got a job six months after getting my masters"
"What happens on your cake day."
"Today was my real 19th cake day. This is how I pictured my parents at the end."
"When someone begs for upvotes since it's their cakeday."
"This is for everyone that needs a little levity in their day."
"Los Tres Amigos"
"Being followed by this guy in Alaska"
"BOOP"
"What the hell is this contest?"
"Facebook disappoints me."
"nuh uh"
"O no she diint"
"I see these types of people at the gym every now and again."
"My reaction when I found out I get free karma on my 1 year reddit anniversary."
"Realizing it's Friday night not Thursday night"
"Found this when google-ing Atheist"
"Nice Moves..."
"My Ankles...."
"Sadoptimus Prissein"
"Mini Bin Laden Transforms!"
"This is how I feel with Reddit being extra slow today"
"Stop! Hammertime"
"RUN"
"The best reversed gif of all time."
"I could stare at this for hours..."
"Since the release of Resident Evil 6  every time I see the logo I still see that lucky giraffe."
"Amazing photos of a spider! My friend's dad took these. Some traffic to his website would make his day."
"Baby Hedgehog getting its belly rub and yawns after"
"So that's how rainbows are made..."
"Dog Tired"
"RollerCoaster tycoon tragedy"
"Canadian Standoff"
"It's always nice to meet your hero."
"&quot;Douchebag of the Year&quot; [x-post from r/WTF]"
"Dog Walker"
"Alpha Dog!"
"Gandalf"
"This works quite well"
"This works quite well"
"Moving Neon Film Posters"
"Umm. I wonder if there is a chapter on roadkill?"
"Best gif ever (x-post from r/funny)"
"Hobbes versus Pooh Bear"
"Politics..."
"A rare and frightened creature returning to it's corner..."
"It's alright i didn't want to sleep anyway."
"How I react when I actually win a giveaway"
"A pantomime zebra doing the running man"
"Not sure what this is  but I like it."
"Everyday I'm circus afro."
"Happy zebra is happy."
"MZ Brammer"
"So..this happened"
"being a dragon born hasn't prepared me for this."
"When a porno takes a disturbing twist..."
"How i feel as we get closer and closer to 1 million godless redditors"
"And the rest was His Story."
"Proof we can all get along"
"I'm gonna laugh if this has already been done - Imgur"
"I'm not sure why  but this continues to be one of my favorite pictures on the internet."
"I got this  I got this... FUCK"
"Yes!... wait.. nope! Who puts that there?"
"Oppan coffee style!"
"Oh God! (NSFW)"
"Ca$h is more worth"
"The thing that made you rage hard as a kid. Shit destroyed friendships for me."
"My reaction when my wife asked me to watch women's Olympic volleyball with her (fixed)"
"Mitt Romney and friends at Bain Capital"
"What I thought when Mark Summer's said he had &quot;half of his face&quot; wiped in a car accident.."
"Oh hi... nope!"
"I am Skeleton Jelly."
"A child's skull while developing adult teeth. No gore  just a skull."
"How I feel going back to San Andreas after years of GTA IV"
"We could explore the galaxy if only..."
"Catching some rays"
"Me after walking in on my roommate having sex."
"Can you find Michigan?"
"The Burger King doesn't clown around"
"is that mine?"
"Troy Barnes: always classy"
"Stressed?"
"O_O"
"The cause of your nightmares."
"You weren't planning on sleeping tonight anyway..."
"how i feel on reddit"
"Reddit Heaven"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"I think that fieldrunners2 is trolling me with that tip…"
"Oh  Fieldrunners..."
"The five star to end all five stars"
"GMOD Idiot Box - Gifstyle"
"How I feel when I type a really long message and I accidentally delete it"
"BECAUSE SCIENCE"
"When donkeys fly..."
"I must go  my people need me."
"Missing Tortoise"
"Say the magic word"
"I see your ant  maggot  flea and tick faces  and raise you this."
"President Theodore Roosevelt holding an American flag and shooting a Bigfoot during a forest fire [pic]"
"So we've seen a Ballet dancer's feet  Rower's hands  Accountant's feet  and a Cricket players hands. How about a model's pinky?"
"Fear not  Christians  for you are not alone."
"The special one"
"How I feel being new to reddit..."
"I searched &quot;cat beard&quot; on Google. This was the top result."
"The Almighty Karma God."
"Googled &quot; King of Reddit&quot;. I was not disappointed"
"OHHHHH sometimes I get a good feeling"
"He's doing behind my back  isn't he"
"Ice Canyon"
"What an Awesome Cloud"
"Googled &quot;kitten&quot; ..."
"Would you?"
"Break it Down"
"After a long workout"
"Wore my Darth Vader helmet while giving out candy last night. At one point  a guy jogging by yelled out &quot;sweet Disney costume!&quot;"
"This person has their priorities straight."
"Supermodels without make-up."
"&quot;I'm gonna get ya&quot;"
"How I felt when I realized I missed my cakeday"
"When no one upvotes pictures of my cat"
"BOOM! Headshot!"
"You know you did it."
"Child protester (X-post from /r/australia)"
"This came up when I googled &quot;sea doo&quot;..."
"Shit just got serious."
"Shit just got serious."
"Scariest clapping GIF"
"Baking Bread"
"What it feels like going to a party at 10pm and you have no idea who the fuck these people are"
"I'm usually the socially awkward retard smiling in the corner at parties."
"&quot;Yes teacher  I am paying attention&quot;"
"Browsing imgur...[first post]"
"Cold stethoscope?"
"Good News Everyone! I've been rendered with horrific detail!"
"When my team doesn't ban Malphite and the other team instlocks Shen and Malphite"
"5 500 galaxies in a single photo"
"I found out my Chemistry final would be graded on a curve"
"How I felt when a coworker I have a crush on broke up with her asshole boyfriend today."
"how i felt when i woke up and saw i got over a 1000 karma"
"I hate when I've been gone from Reddit for a while and I accidentally re-post something and then this happens."
"Dance Dance Dance"
"If Wonder-Woman was a drag queen..."
"What the ... !"
"Weeee!"
"And I thought they were removing sex-ed from the ciriculum."
"Become a partner in pub... wait  what?"
"Become a partner in pub... wait  what?"
"I think of this every time I shake hands with somebody."
"Two girls are sitting at a table quietly"
"Cat Dunk"
"Kitty Dunk"
"&quot;Good little niglets&quot;"
"When I come back from the bathroom and see a waiter taking my unfinished meal and drink."
"Bolt messing around with the stewards again"
"these guys must be well known givers of fucks..."
"Let's play a game! Here's a picture which recently made the frontpage. Find the name of the street that it was taken on and submit the corresponding street-view perspective in your comments. Show me your Google-Fu!"
"Well this is awkward........"
"Possibly the only true statement I've heard on FOX..."
"How I feel when browsing r/facebook."
"Wanna Be My Loris"
"greatest actors never to have won an oscar"
"And the winner for Best Actor in a Leading Role goes to..."
"Where you should pee [flowchart]"
"Thought this was the cutest thing."
"Awesome Aquarium Bed"
"I was on the front page of Reddit once."
"I see your weird toe and raise you mine"
"Solo Artist"
"So I just came across this 'happy little' pic..."
"I Am An Atheist"
"I wholeheartedly agree - &quot;No religion&quot; is most definitely better than Islam"
"Oh hai... [fixed]"
"Kind of a dick move"
"Found this while surfing facebook.............. had to lol"
"This is how Hamas sees Israel"
"My girlfriend's art amazes me..."
"It's a bird! It's a plane! It's... a very unlucky guy!"
"Do you even know how offensive that is?"
"So one my students just gave me this..."
"So one of my students just gave this to me..."
"Snorting cocaine all the way!"
"'Murca!"
"Stuffed animal snuggle!"
"Bullet interaction with steel wall"
"The DIRT on Mario!"
"Man with cheetah tits projectile lactating facial on the savannah (NSFW)"
"A gentleman's duel."
"I always thought a lot of old-fashioned duels would've ended this way"
"Misunderstood Artist"
"I don't know whether I want to join their network  or just knock on their door."
"I'm not picky with my open wifi spots..."
"Moved into a new neighborhood  I already have connections"
"Train wreck at Montparnasse Station  Paris  France  1895. [1750x2100]"
"Call me to the future."
"The ultimate disguise"
"Inception!!"
"Nokia 9/11"
"Fuck this i'm outta here"
"This came up on my facebook feed"
"Saw this on my news feed  and that's a big nope for me!"
"Perfect."
"Baby  can I have a beer?"
"Five seconds after every morning when I log on to reddit"
"Chinese woman run over by speeding truck [gif] [xpost from r/MorbidReality]"
"Hurricane Sandy floods NYC street [1024x1365] (x-post from r/DestructionPorn)"
"I'm going to do it. I'm going to post in r/funny!"
"As a fairly new Redditor  this is me when I presume my posts will rise to the top"
"Am I The Only One Who Ever Noticed This"
"Mind = Blown"
"Top of the mornin' to ya!"
"Those Krabbie Patties look tasty  I'll tell you what."
"But only if it's a HUGE fuck-up"
"Kuato sweater"
"Okay  this just creeps me out"
"Getting ready for winter"
"Hells Angels blocking the Westborough Baptist Church in Newton. (x-post from pics)"
"Bikers protect Elementary school from Westboro Baptist Church"
"It's a hard-knock life"
"Easily the best sports game of all time."
"Just a Corgi at the beach"
"We don't just bury humans at the beach!"
"Arrested During A Haircut"
"He's starting a new trend"
"Impressive mirror installation!"
"Always happens to me"
"They Really Don't"
"Where's waldo?"
"Come at me bro!"
"Jesus was ambidextrous?"
"Two of my favorite things being awesome together"
"Can someone make me a hi res of this  at 1600 X 900?"
"SupahCat"
"Whoa."
"That's how I roll"
"Feed... Me... NOW!"
"Problem bro?"
"This one goes out to all the homophobic commenters on the Rainbow Oreo"
"As an Asian pizza delivery man  when customers greet me with  &quot;hey  chinese food is here!&quot;"
"Dora! Dora! Dora! The Exploder!"
"Swanson Pyramid of Greatness"
"Simple rules to follow for personal greatness"
"I still can't afford their cars  but this is beautiful. [More in comments]."
"Mounting joint on the 747 that carries the Space Shuttle. NASA engineers do have a sense of humor."
"Why would somebody post this shit? [fb]"
"Underwater dog"
"Happy Pup"
"Can't we all just get along?"
"Whatcha thinkin bout?"
"Iron Man"
"The Most Accurate Synopsis Ever For &quot;The Wizard Of Oz&quot; - Reposted from BuzzFeed.com"
"Wizard of Oz"
"Badass"
"they never learn"
"Go home  house  you are drunk"
"King of Dodge"
"An Imgur Link  but the picture's not so funny. Read the comments instead."
"7F12U mods breaking RES's picture resize feature is not ok."
"Israel vs Palestine"
"I sell cocaine and cocaine accessories."
"Cocaine and Cocaine accessories"
"Truth."
"TRUCKCEPTION"
"Lizard has amazing accuracy!"
"Sometimes spear fishing can be a pain in the ass"
"Spear fishing in the Cayman Islands"
"Santans."
"I'm Proud TO Have A Predisposition For Colon Cancer!"
"Hey Carl have you seen my..."
"Hey Carl.."
"Hey Carl have you seen my blue--"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
"Saw this on facebook. Are you serious?"
"Had to do it."
"Post-Family Vacation Fap"
"Sigh... It got another one"
"Well  this is going to be my first goal once I get my hands on an Oculus Rift kit..."
"This hurts my feelings."
"Aang Gone Wild"
"I see your wall  and raise you the Reddit Gang Sign."
"free dishwasher"
"I don't even know what to say about this.."
"Never leave a kid alone with a laptop.(x/post from r/funny)"
"If it bleeds we can... what?"
"Well  when I googled best cat picture on the internet I got this instead"
"Googled &quot;the coolest picture on the internet&quot;."
"Would probably stay here"
"Newtons Piano Light Cradle"
"Creepy Pooh"
"It's shit like this Reddit!"
"Must. Stop. Watching. (focus on the plus sign)"
"How to abruptly end a conversation."
"When you've had one too many..."
"theism"
"Anatidaephobia: The fear that somewhere  somehow  a duck is watching you. [NSFW]"
"Peeping Mallard [nsfw]"
"My favorite face swap"
"Some men just want to watch the world turn"
"Rorschach gets it right."
"now if only there was a version of this as to why people hate cats (not me)"
"Australians"
"Do NOT fuck with Lincoln!"
"Abraham Lincoln riding a bear with the emancipator.......that is all"
"Gandalf the Awesome"
"must..... return......shopping cart...."
"When I actually do the assignment  and the teacher doesn't collect it..."
"The choice is clear: Jesus or Obama"
"Something witty relating to a recurring trend on Reddit"
"When I was trying really hard to seduce my girlfriend this morning and she told me she was on her period"
"Translucent Ants Photographed Eating Colored Liquids jelly beans anyone?"
"THAT'S RACIST!!!"
"Warning: This is what happens if you swallow your gum!"
"How I feel each new hour on Reddit."
"Aj mccaron  his gf  manti teo and his gf skype"
"Just a Pug on a Horse"
"Every time my highschool teachers assign reading"
"Microscopic sand"
"All over the grill"
"Beautiful Cloud Formation - Northern Ontario"
"Furfag"
"Childhood Frustration"
"Bite the pillow  I'm going in dry"
"Shocked man is shocked."
"O_0"
"When I Say Something Hilarious But No One Hears...I'm Still Proud of Myself"
"Turning on MTV for the first time since my childhood."
"How I felt today  my first day back at work after two weeks vacation."
"Walking into Waffle House when it's not 2:00 a.m."
"What did i miss"
"&quot;You already have an account&quot;"
"After not being on reddit for a week"
"As a Canadian right now on Reddit"
"NOPE."
"Leap"
"With Great Value comes Great Responsibility"
"Walmart is trying to kill the average consumer!"
"This should be here instead. (X-post from r/funny)"
"Found out my girlfriend cheated on me  this has become my new motto"
"Karma Machine"
"I've been doing it wrong the whole time"
"Picture of a cabin near the Black Forest region in Germany. A very peaceful place to live."
"Pure Joy"
"Had a bad day  this deffinatley made it better."
"Little edward"
"Found him"
"Eye Floaters: 90% of class time spent chasing them to no end"
"Just thinking today  it's close to 5 years and I still miss this guy!"
"This showed up in my facebook news feed. Wrong in so many ways."
"Success Kid FAIL."
"Anderson Cooper using a human shield"
"Oh you know  Anderson Cooper being a bad ass."
"Like a boss"
"How the hell did this happen?"
"Raiders of the Lost Ark"
"Well  Jones  at least you haven't forgotten how to show a geek a good time."
"I have to go now. My planet needs me."
"Give my food bowl back!"
"free candy"
"Criminals were Apparently way more Badass back then."
"Badass vintage mugshot from the 1920s"
"The reason why I don't go out often"
"White House photo of Obama and his national security team following events in the Bin Laden operation"
"The Situation Room as mic'd Navy Seals attack Osama's compound."
"Found this gem on Google Images"
"So after a good long week of my mom nagging me to put up our fake christmas tree  i surprised my mother with this..."
"Christmas Tree - Portal style (compliments from Facebook group 'I fucking love science')"
"I over trusted that fart."
"Just Realized That I Missed My First Cake Day..."
"Whenever my Pandora freezes in the middle of a commercial..."
"Out of the house  into the food chain"
"So... I type in &quot;how to get upvotes&quot; on google  and this is the first image...."
"I googled &quot;how to get upvotes on reddit&quot;"
"Business Cat finds it lonely at the top."
"Yup  This Just Happened (PIC)"
"Business Cat does it again"
"It's going to be one of those days."
"Um  I don't think so..."
"DIE BITCH DI - ooo bouncy"
"just another day in San Francisco: San Francisco Financial District (02/02/12) (NSFW)"
"If I had to choose a church to go to it would definitely be one with a sense of humor..."
"And not a single fuck was given that day..."
"Oh no you didn't!"
"No... I clean"
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this  aren't I?"
"Clap  clap."
"This guy is much better at bowling than me."
"The best of friends."
"I can find 3 things wrong with this &quot;proof&quot; is there anything I am missing?"
"Basically how i felt after seeing Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter"
"My childhood"
"Me Gusta"
"She loves her teddy"
"Our love can never be"
"SIN"
"Oompa lumpa do be de do  if you elect me  I'll ruin your country for you."
"&quot;Starry Night&quot; reflections"
"Best PSA?"
"Great Advert"
"What kind of a PSA is this?!"
"And the moral of the story is...?"
"how I feel when arriving at concert venue/bar."
"When I realize American redditors are waking up: &quot;Blue Links!&quot;"
"The stuff you find on 4chan."
"Flippy Floppy [NSFW]"
"Just a group of midgets pulling an airplane."
"and where do I belong?"
"For Everyone Who Hates YOLO - The True Begining."
"Is this seat taken?"
"Looking for a bookstore"
"Say cheese!"
"Seemed like such a smart idea"
"Why? For science  of course."
"give me 1 reason why tracey's wrong"
"How do you even drive that thing?"
"For an Easter out of this world..."
"Shit  I forgot to pick up the milk!"
"He told me to wrap up my pussy for him....."
"Darth Vader and Princess Leia"
"Kitty you're drunk  go home."
"Oddly familiar articles on TV"
"Well this about sums it up..."
"I live by these words every day."
"I had to..."
"in da picture"
"The other white meat"
"That feeling"
"All ready for winter!"
"A debate between Romney and Obama 8 years ago"
"Someone tried to drop him into a vat of acid filled with flaming sharks  but I saved the little guy"
"Life Goal"
"Chu Only Live Once."
"I don't know!"
"Forget the Olympics  my planet needs me (repost from /r/pics)"
"Definition of WTF"
"What is this? I don't even..."
"Pinch"
"Is it cumming? or I just  I don't know."
"Centipedes? WHAT!?!"
"Now Leaving Bikini Bottom"
"Donald Duck never wore pants."
"Don't Tickle Me!"
"Kitty Nap"
"Kitty likes his tummy rubbed"
"you...hi! [source?]"
"..In bed"
"too much awww"
"He is &quot;up&quot; for Halloween."
"This remains the best gif ever"
"The Milky Way shot from the North Sea cost"
"Heaven's Trail"
"Am I the only one who always asks myself this?"
"Walking through West Hollywood (gay part of town)"
"Getting dizzy while having a hard on"
"thug life"
"Next"
"Leaked picture of the iPhone 5S!"
"Dora the Explorer"
"obligatory Buddhism repost."
"The Original Willow Smith"
"♫ In the Year Two Thousaaaaaand ♫"
"What Michael Jackson Was Supposed to Look like in 2000"
"Don't do drugs..."
"The best 'old' Naughty Dog game out there."
"Girl rats out brother  brother gets REVENGE!!"
"This image was submitted two years and three days ago. It is the #21 top rated submission of all time on /r/pics. So Kuonji  can we get an update? Did she ever suck off the rest of those boys?"
"Dodgeball with a panda."
"Can someone tell me what the hell this is?"
"When someone mentions reddit in real life"
"How I feel when a stranger says &quot;Hey  love your shirt&quot;."
"I'm a teacher and was asked to pull the fire alarm for a drill today. This is how I responded."
"No sudden movements... or they'll know."
"Almost a million godless redditors. This is what I feel like."
"taking the girlfriend to a fancy restaurant"
"Saw thiss GIF used  picked a better song"
"Sky + tree"
"Friendzone Freddie"
"Message to Reddit users"
"And if you don't know  now you know"
"This is me  every time I upvote your posts [Fixed]"
"You take the stairs. Well I don't"
"That moment when you realise you are high"
"Peekaboo"
"A trail of puppies"
"Only tool you'll ever need"
"Catena Wall Clock"
"I see your Canadian Monopoly and raise you American Monopoly."
"How I became a pirate"
"My response to a good post"
"A Lannister always pays his debts."
"Upvoting Someone From Zero"
"As a Realtor  whenever I see a new listing on my street..."
"That awkward moment when you see someone you’ve been trying to avoid."
"How I feel about church"
"Whenever the link I click on Reddit is a facebook conversation..."
"Walked in on my parents having sex"
"This is wrong on a couple of levels (NSFW)"
"Sparkles and fire"
"Whole grain ever heard of it!!!!!"
"Little to deep maybe? NSFW"
"Nice Tattoo"
"Sadly speaking from experience"
"a simple law of physics"
"Do the Rom Rom!!"
"Whenever things aren't going my way in a conversation"
"Like a boss"
"My cat on LSD"
"Crayon Art"
"Speaking of roots... The original man of WTF"
"Does this belong here..?"
"&quot;Just use the bloody tazer already!&quot;"
"Kidnap?"
"Stop That Baby!!!"
"Move bitch"
"You can even play with a friend!"
"American History X the game"
"Some OC"
"delusion"
"For every upvote  I will donate 10 cents to Doctors Without Borders  up to $350 maximum  and post proof. Come on r/Atheism  let's make a difference!"
"What if mocking religion with a ridiculous fake religion...Is how these ridiculous fake religions started"
"Why does the internet hate midgets so much?"
"The internet confuses me..."
"I see what you did there"
"On the edge of the Earth."
"Walking along the top of a mountain"
"Procrastination!"
"Reddit."
"My brain during finals week."
"Foxes hugs"
"I was running late this morning and used my wife's deodorant in a rush. How I felt immediately after."
"Michael J. Fox LIKE A BOSS"
"How i feel waking up at a friends house"
"Fucking ninjas  man."
"motofail"
"Poor Man's iPod"
"Can someone please take this gif and put a goose where the cat is?"
"I wish my dentist was this awesome!"
"Im starting to feel like this more and more"
"The ORIGINAL Overly Attached Girlfriend [FIXED]"
"Kinect + Animals = ..."
"The feeling of the down vote"
"What it feels like to win an argument on the internet"
"revolutionary technique to muffle the sound of your punches"
"When you pirate music  you hurt the artist."
"This is an actual photograph of a star going supernova  taken by the Hubble Telescope"
"So I went kayaking for five hours without sunscreen"
"Walking to class in a black T-Shirt"
"Foo Fighters"
"Friendly kitty."
"I Love You Mommy"
"Party Hard"
"My wife asked who I would sleep with if I was still single"
"Masturbatorium Level"
"Pretty picture of volcano eruption"
"Anak Krakatau Volcano Erupting"
"I don't know anything about this &quot;object&quot; seriously"
"Redditor takes pic of GMaps tricycle. GMaps returns the favour."
"Sneak peek at Michael Bay's new film."
"Do's and Dont's When Handling Babies..."
"Fuck everything about this."
"15 years for 100 dollars for the poor man  40 months for 3 billion dollars for the rich man..."
"When anyone criticizes me for smoking the herb"
"Headshot"
"They are on a boat"
"Hey.. Ouch ouch ouch.."
"I found my new favourite .gif last week. With every viewing you see something new and wonderful!"
"Thank God for the Oxford Comma"
"Winter is coming..."
"Brace yourselves..."
"To all of you posting all the anti-Islam content today."
"Shitting bricks is illegal on mars."
"This Reddit  is how you get girls to love you."
"The U.S. – Mexico Border"
"I tried the &quot;five random letters on imgur&quot; game and got this on the first one."
"The Real Origin of the Ninja Turtles"
"My teacher told me that because evolution is a theory  it's most likely wrong."
"Googled &quot;Furry Penguin&quot; well  he IS furry."
"Get that tail!"
"A cat looking out a window. (X-Post from /r/aww)"
"nope.gif"
"Just a little gif man dancing freestyle to &quot;Electric Avenue&quot;"
"What I see when I stand up too quickly"
"This is about as 'Aww' as fish get  imo"
"Anyone remember this great 80s album?"
"&quot;There's something about this that's so black  it's like how much more black could this be? And the answer is none. None more black.&quot;"
"I think this is the first time I have seen a video game rape someone."
"What I like most is the comment &quot;ectoplasmgasm&quot;"
"She should see a dentist [NSFL]"
"All Glory to the Hypnotoad!"
"MFW I'm sitting in an empty hallway and somebody sits RIGHT next to me"
"This rat has a teddy bear friend!"
"Pikachu deadlifting [x-post from /r/4chan]"
"Carnivores &gt; Vegans"
"You Spin Me Right Round Baby Right Round..."
"It's your Cake Day? Fire up the Karma Generators!"
"Quitting Facebook"
"How I feel as a NHL fan seeing posts about the NFL Ref Lockout"
"How I feel as a NHL fan seeing posts about the NFL Ref Lockout"
"The Best Halo Map [Fixed][Fixed][FIXED]"
"Can I adopt you?"
"Am I the only one who is able to see a face on the guy to the right?"
"Drop and Roll"
"Thai Boxing - Dark Souls style"
"Saw this guy walking in the beach  still not sure if the coolest thing ever or just plain wrong..."
"Now kiss... Yay!"
"Sprockets"
"I'll just wait for you here."
"Macarena Kombat"
"How it feels programming at 2 in the morning"
"Streeetttccchhhh"
"The Result of a Falcon Kick"
"an informative book for Reddit"
"This is how I react every time I come to the realization of a novelty account."
"Troll Jesus is definitely the best meme ever"
"&quot;This &quot; writes photographer Yu Wu  &quot;was found beside a river in China. The small ant is biting the branch and holding the 'big' rock up in the air.&quot;"
"Every time I see this picture it makes me laugh."
"A thousand times  yes."
"Patrick Bateman is happy to receive."
"My office recently renovated their bathrooms - and they did it right..."
"US Soldiers"
"An acrobatic feat!!! (NSFW)"
"Well that was unexpected..."
"Whenever my one of my friends comes out as an atheist."
"Can't. Stop. Laughing."
"Atlantis over Hawaii (I believe). Simply Stunning [3 473px × 2 307px]"
"Beautiful Picture of Space Shuttle Atlantis over the Bahamas"
"How a feel when somebody doesn't text back in the middle of a conversation."
"Then and Now"
"all shopping carts should have these"
"I was browsing the interwebs  when I found this..."
"not a good enough reason for me to go to the gym"
"Gun  perv  cat."
"I always feared this day would come..."
"Quite the jump.."
"Felix Baumgartner jumping from the Red Bull Stratos...one error and his blood would boil and his brain would explode"
"Origami Reloaded"
"How I feel downvoting SupermanV2 after the OAG incident!"
"The key to understanding the opposite sex"
"This is how female/male 5 minuts work"
"Walter's Laboratory"
"Cobain with a kitten"
"Stop it  Jesus!!!!"
"Raising em right (x-post r/funny)"
"Shut the fuck up Tony."
"I guess nobody was looking."
"Fabulous kitten"
"This Gives A New Meaning to Dick Head"
"Is that a dog or a...oh no..."
"What a cute puppy?"
"The longest caterpillar in the world"
"Move On Up"
"Today I was asked how I felt on 9/11. This popped into my head."
"Meet Justin Bieber's #1 fan! (NSFW)"
"Forklift lifting Forklift lifting machine"
"Unexpected Support"
"Gentlemen  start your engines."
"and did you notice the eyebrow whiskers?"
"Drink up!"
"Whenever I try to make someone flinch"
"Russians don't get enough credit for thinking outside the box."
"In Soviet Russia the dog walks you."
"Ichthyologist and a Black Whale... wait what!?"
"Shamu"
"I'll just leave this here..."
"Happiest Forever Alone."
"Car Stereo I wanted 10 years ago vs Car Stereo I want now"
"Martin Loofah King"
"That feel when end of two month tolerance break"
"You guys have cool teachers."
"I've seen this happen alot  especially in Mw2."
"Kill it!"
"So it would seem that trees are evolving."
"Googled Nicolas Cage was not disappointed"
"Oh  stop it you!"
"Hunter S. Thompson Preparing Johnny Depp for Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"
"I think I prefer him WITH the moustache"
"The statue was just asking for it."
"Yo Dawg  I heard u like rivers."
"Cookie Monster."
"This happen this morning."
"Found this beauty at my school"
"Found out my school has some interesting alumni"
"Tarzan"
"This always makes me laugh."
"What it's like looking through my high school yearbook."
"Slick!"
"Socially Awkward Third Wheel"
"When exitting any game after playing with friends"
"My reaction to getting 17 upvotes"
"Dance Carlton Dance!"
"He is the 1%"
"This is 'group therapy' for some in San Quentin state prison"
"Googled Stephen Hawking. (x-post from r/WTF)"
"Someone please tell me this is real"
"Found this in my .gif folder from 4chan. [NSFW]"
"Gas stations are dangerous (NSFW)"
"Well what the god damn fuck?"
"a casual sunday..."
"Baatara Gorge Waterfall - Lebanon"
"Baatara Gorge Waterfall  Tannourine  Lebanon"
"I bet you Apple likes to sue this employee just for fun"
"Inspirational Quote"
"Mmm... Bacon..."
"I present Batman fighting a great white with a lightsaber."
"The Boshtrich!"
"Only the Starcraft WCS logo on a big white ball"
"Yeah...thats cool"
"You said it  man. Nobody fucks with the Jesus."
"The Original Walter White"
"Satan at his best"
"Downvoting links in /r/new"
"Fuuu...sion..."
"What? Krabby is evolving!"
"Redneck water skiing"
"MFW: -Insert statement here-"
"Do they do something weird after?"
"this is my new favorite .gif"
"&quot;You May Get Wet.&quot;"
"As a graduate student on campus today  this is how I feel."
"If everything was shifting  all the time."
"Shock and Awe"
"Shock and Awe"
"How did the hipster burn his tongue?"
"Odd dip in Steam users this morning..."
"I'll let it slide because he's young"
"My reaction when the newly-hired IT guy asked what Reddit is..."
"finish her"
"I don't always see it  but when I do  I really see it."
"Skull Flower..."
"Black Hole-Powered Jet of Electrons and Sub-Atomic Particles Streams From Center of Galaxy M87"
"Cats know it better"
"We All Need Somebody To Lean On"
"This popped up on my Facebook! I wonder I'd he gets any offers?"
"My first cat post...probably not what you expected"
"Its not a puppy  but this is adorable"
"What I feel like when coming home from school"
"When I get home. *fixed*"
"When I get home from school on Mondays..."
"When Jehovah Witnesses ring my door and tell me I need 'Salvation'."
"San Francisco in Ruins  1906"
"...Then I fuck your bitch"
"Just how tiny and insignificant we are [pic]"
"Who do you call  hotshot? Who do you call??"
"Seems Legit"
"What? It's true.."
"Halo 4 has a mech now"
"Robert 'Meow' Jr."
"Robert Downey Jr as a cat!"
"Hi"
"Wig"
"How my classmates look when i open a new pack of gum."
"Employee of the month"
"nice haircut....... wait  WHAT?"
"Brain$"
"Your Future Boss"
"What a view"
"spaceghostspit.jpg"
"So I googled &quot;Things reddit likes&quot;. Was not disappointed."
"BAD CAT"
"Not even once."
"That feels so rough"
"They don't make the voting ballots like they used to..."
"Realistic Smurf  creepy as FU%#!"
"Man vandalizes in London all for that sweet sweet karma."
"Ass"
"Dat Back"
"Blue Skies"
"Al Capone! [1600 x 1200]"
"Nightmarish Shy Guy"
"He's definitely not going to regret this later."
"For the love of FUCK  what are you doing child? That's an unlicensed nuclear accelerator. Were you planning on crossing the streams as well?"
"Congratulations."
"eat it."
"cakeplant"
"For my Reddit Cakeday  here is a girl enjoying her cake."
"Happy Birthday de- Oh shit... too hard"
"Oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit"
"Nope."
"Minecraft 1.8"
"The ultimate pug shirt."
"This is all I see looking at all the &quot;worst tattoo&quot; posts over in /r/WTF"
"Irony"
"Its getting cold outside."
"I imagine this is exactly what rat prison looks like...[gif]"
"Trust no birthday cake"
"Religion doesn't always correlate with ethics."
"Curiosity self portrait"
"Mars Rover 'self-portrait' is a clear fake."
"Boop!"
"Me whenever someone takes the effort to click on my name and down votes all of my recent posts and submissions..."
"this triggers my imagination so hard"
"Just a monster"
"My boss said nothing could be worse than the trendy &quot;barefoot&quot; running shoes. Challenge accepted."
"Hugs from behind!"
"World Hunger- Ying and Yang."
"They see us rolling..."
"I Lol'd"
"Whenever I try to get off reddit"
"Just an excited rabbit"
"Get your shit together cookie monster"
"When I realized that both Cadbury Mini Eggs and Hersheys Eggies exist  this happened..."
"This happens while drinking and looking at new posts"
"Bible Logic"
"There seems to be something wrong with her skirt!"
"This is what it feels like to be a Diablo 3 Beta Server."
"The secret behind The Force."
"Luke celebrates a big win"
"Just Leia handing Luke a cold one."
"Poor grandma...."
"Albino baby sea turtle"
"I am a teacher. This was the staffroom after the last day of school today."
"I don't even know man..."
"Almost Politically Correct Flight of the Conchords"
"What seems to be the problem?"
"Amusing Corner Kick"
"I see your Wiz/Snoop desktop and raise you my desktop"
"How I imagine a reddit meet up."
"People lined up for black cat auditions with their cats in Hollywood  CA! Happy Friday the 13th!"
"New self profile of Curiousity Rover on Mars"
"On Halloween 2012  Mars Curiosity high-definition self-portrait"
"A message from God."
"Oh Salad"
"what have i done...."
"Desert Trek"
"Who Apple is going to sue next."
"- Hey Earth  what's up? - Nothing good  I got humans."
"What I will say to Theists from now on  when they ask me: &quot;What if you're wrong?&quot;"
"When animals leave for college."
"Every time I try a cool dance move..."
"Cute little pups"
"Oh rappers  you and your ethics."
"Rappers Opinions on Anal Sex"
"Dude  you're a Koala"
"Cup of Duck."
"1812 Breakature"
"1812 Breakature!"
"It's my cakeday! Here's the first gif I ever saved."
"I tried to loft my bed myself today"
"So I decided to check out /r/nosleep"
"Why Hello There!"
"Rollin'"
"Otter making silly faces on the glass"
"Corgi Reveille"
"Drawing a star. (xpost from pics)"
"so sadly"
"I`d shit my pants"
"Peeing Your Pants at 20 000 Feet"
"Would you be scared?"
"More like Cone of Awesomeness!"
"More Like Cone of Awesomeness!"
"Why  Hello misty"
"Everytime i see a repost get upvoted."
"When I see a repost on r/reactiongifs"
"If I was an astronaut  I think I'd have the same reaction."
"Yuri Gagarin"
"As a Canadian my self  I find this funny"
"Insect [close up]"
"This shit creeps me the fuck out"
"Love this guys"
"The Boondock Saints making the most righteous kill of all......"
"Everybody on reddit trying to get in the Obama AMA right now."
"When I go on spacedicks or get down voted into the negatives this I what do."
"Anytime I See Someone Defend SOPA  or Any Similar Bill"
"My reaction to 4chan after just one hour"
"Tuck and roll. Alligator style."
"Giraffe"
"I think this serves as a good representation of my DIY skills"
"Men vs. Women"
"When I realized today that my hangover Sunday was also my cakeday...."
"It's about damn time  Tyrone."
"I get called that a lot [X-Post from r/funny]"
"Kitty from Underneath"
"A Cat sitting down from underneath"
"In case of fire...."
"I love this picture of the Milky Way"
"The very first result for &quot;US state map&quot; on Google Images."
"Ducky cup (found on Internet)"
"Slow motion popcorn"
"MLK Jr. removing a burned cross from his front yard  1960."
"What about the children?"
"Just a response to the pope kissing an imam"
"Friends..."
"An arch made of monitors. That is all"
"Kitty lickin' good"
"Lets not forget about the U.S. Military service dogs today."
"It's simple"
"Cant stop watching reddit.Am i doing it right?"
"cosplay win"
"just walking the dog."
"Maybe he murdered the Pizza Hut delivery guy"
"When people tell me they're done with exams..."
"When I submit a link and get a downvote instantly..."
"After reading about the man who jumped in the tiger pen  I can only imagine this is how he felt."
"Cat and pizza"
"Random Imgur sums it up quite well"
"We can still be???"
"This scares me to no end."
"Dildo Pillow or Fluffy Dog?"
"Real life Merida"
"otter"
"How I imagine all the bridesmaids at the bouquet tossing"
"An interesting way to look at the world..."
"I'm having a hard time believing this is real"
"Baby Owl"
"I pronounce you... GAYYYYY!"
"god  i wish i knew the background behind this photo."
"When someone asked me if I fapped last month..."
"God's Law"
"I would have given this child an A+ for creativity."
"What i think of when i see the comment wars on Youtube"
"Developers outside of my region when I try to buy a game"
"How I felt getting my first paycheck at my first real job"
"How it feels after making the front page  then looking at your karma"
"I guess the economy isn't so bad for everyone."
"Penis size [SFW]"
"How I feel about &quot;When you see it&quot; Links"
"PES bug"
"A method of dispelling awkward silences..."
"oh snap!!1"
"Getting out of bed on a Monday"
"IGN"
"My friend spent an hour chasing a turtle. Success!"
"Trying to find friends on Google+"
"The rest of reddit during the Obama IAma..."
"Best.Game.Ever."
"The happiest place on Earth."
"What I expected /r/trees to be like..."
"Epic Walking Dead thread from /b/ (xpost r/thewalkingdead)"
"He forgot how to gravity"
"This has probably never been done before"
"This has probably never been done before"
"The things you learn in Biology class."
"a bunch of pussies"
"Some woman I have never seen started yelling at me about bullying a small kid"
"Some woman I have never seen before started yelling at me about bullying a small kid"
"Every time I see someone praying"
"Every fucking time"
"Someone in /r/funny said that this gif is from HIMYM. I don't remember this guy. Someone help me out?"
"We're expecting"
"Found this gem on google images..."
"The world needs a new super hero... one is on the way..."
"Here is something in honor of my first cake day which happens to be on the same day as midterms."
"oh man  i knew something wasn't right here"
"Best Costume Ever!!!"
"Well  I guess this is the downvote cat!"
"When I divorce my husband due to his hatred of shrubs"
"Who's the best smelling actor that you've worked with?"
"What are you gonna do  stab me?"
"Yeah  didn't really think that one through..."
"Evidently so..."
"If Donald Trump doesn't get elected president..."
"KITTY HUGS!!!"
"Email me at: eatshit@gofuckyourself.no"
"Hello!! I would like a picture!!"
"Inception."
"I think this is right up reddits alley"
"&quot;Luke  I  am your sire.&quot;"
"Star Wars + Sarah Jessica Parker"
"Like a boss"
"This appeared on my facebook feed - it seems reddit worthy."
"New best friends."
"And a lovely message from the troops to all the anti-war protesters."
"Trap door spider. eeek"
"I know I'm not supposed to post DamnLoL link but... WHAT IN THE FUCKING WORLD IS THIS ?!?!?!?"
"Michelle and Barrack Obama waved at me while visiting London."
"This has been my desktop background for the last two years"
"When lurking on the internet and finding something that will for sure give you a lot of Karma"
"It's Friday!!"
"Nerd Condoms"
"ABOOGABOOGABOOGA"
"Stop it  Judas."
"After spending a month in Europe  and looking at many renaissance era churches and murals  this picture made me laugh pretty damn hard"
"Ur smellin' fine.."
"What really happens when I go mining.."
"Naming Items with the New NBT Tags Dinnerbone Introduced in 12w40a"
"Looks like the new sword tags are gonna be pretty cool."
"I found a familiar face in Ron Swanson's office"
"Pug Level: Zzz"
"Just A Baby Stingray"
"Really getting old."
"Even wizards fall on hard times."
"True love"
"When Reddit finds out OP is a woman"
"Definition of Badass"
"Just a reminder for tomorrow..."
"Emma Watson 2011 Elle photo shoot (GIF)"
"ArgArgArgArg!"
"Every time I try and bring all the grocery's in at once"
"How I feel introducing my friends to Reddit [FIXED]"
"That's a big gun"
"a more accurate title..."
"Felt the Judgement from this Random Desktop After a Successful Fap..."
"What has Science done?!"
"Just another amazing view of Central Park  NYC"
"It happens to us all  Jack"
"The Deadly Facts About Water"
"He said it was unintentional........ Riiiiiiight......."
"Hey  excuse me... can you just... yeah  that's it..."
"Hey... Hey you there"
"Come on buddy  we'll win this race together!"
"How I treat the girls on r/Gonewild who beg for upvotes [FIXED]"
"No Fap Week  day one.[FIXED]"
"Reddit after getting both Obama and Ron Swanson to do ama's in the same week."
"This will happen to those who follow through with no-fap September"
"Realizing I missed my cake day"
"Distinguished baby"
"When I'm the only one alive on my team"
"When I look at pictures of people planking"
"sad keanu now in lego form"
"I really wish this was a real episode  just to get the back-story"
"[Request]Is it possible to get this in 1366x768?"
"When your parents tell you that you will suffer a rare inherited disease"
"My Exact Expression when my college classroom has a funny odor..."
":D"
"How I envision the future."
"No Shoulder Driving"
"Horse with excellent timing"
"How I Feel The Morning after the Super Bowl"
"Always makes me smile."
"Always makes me laugh"
"I don't know if I'm OK with this."
"How to keep an idiot perv busy"
"For my cake day I present to you the best stoner comic I've ever seen"
"Stop looking at cats online!"
"Cute cats will still be here when you get back"
"Coffee Kiss Art..."
"Hungry Kangaroos"
"A polar bear vs the Lindblad Expeditions ship"
"This should answer your question."
"&quot;I thought you said you'd clean the bathroom today.&quot;"
"Trying to make the frontpage of Reddit."
"Gravity  gets you every time."
"So close..."
"Whenever I try to send something funny to someone who uses reddit"
"He was so close"
"How I feel when I think I am going to get upvoted into the golden skys but actually get downvoted into oblivion."
"that's it Gaza....no more Mr Nice Guy!!"
"That's it Gaza....no more Mr Nice Guy!!"
"First day of school today. Saw this in my history teacher's class."
"My dog tree finally started to grow"
"Most Powerful Name Ever!"
"when i post something thinking it'll do well but everyone hates it"
"No  you come right-the-fuck back  speed. Stop toying with me."
"jealous?"
"Pull ove - OH SHIIT!!"
"made me laugh harder than it should have"
"Siri  Who am I?"
"I completely agree  Siri."
"Real enthusiastic!"
"Never Forget"
"One year ago today..."
"Eskimos jumping on whale leather."
"Eskimos jumping on whale leather."
"50 shades of Granger"
"Sexy Remix"
"Dinner time!"
"guess what time it is"
"Gets me every time"
"What happens every time I walk on a road in DayZ"
"It's dinner time...! (NSFW?)"
"I've got the weirdest boner right now"
"Dinner Time"
"Ariel."
"Awwww"
"Frankie Muniz putting someone in his place"
"How I feel when I turn on Pandora and it plays the song I wanted to hear (r/musicpics x-post)"
"Recent graduates at their first job interview"
"Found this gem on FB"
"It's a Trap!!"
"when i try to make a funny post"
"You call that a hair beaver?"
"alien vs predator"
"Me playing with the Google logo today"
"I'm on to you  foot."
"Ever wonder what a thermal image of a person farting looks like? No? Well  knowledge is power."
"Charlie Sheen"
"How I feel when ever I washed my car and I see a bird looking at me."
"can't touch this"
"Face swap"
"Yeah  I'm still a little bitter..."
"Plague Inc."
"Romney Kills Big Bird"
"I'm looking for Jesus Christ."
"The Passion of the Terminator"
"Government and Cows"
"Works every time"
"Our Beautiful World."
"My initial thought upon playing Ocarina of Time as a child"
"What is this awesome and where can I find more of it?"
"Santa on acid?"
"I'm not high enough for this"
"What I imagine Christmas being like in Japan"
"When your best mate arrives to an average party"
"I started lurking on Reddit a year ago. This is how I feel now that I have signed up:"
"I don`t get it 0_0"
"didn't go as planned"
"The things I find on Facebook...."
"If I may present a rebuttal?"
"Cricket player Andrew Strauss accidentally destroys his own sunglasses."
"Whenever I hear &quot;live life like every second is your last&quot;  this is what I picture."
"When dropped  the bottom of a slinky will hover motionless until the top reaches it. [5]"
"Ketchup robot  nailed it"
"Amazing Planetary Discovery"
"Taking my dogs out after a rain and this happened..."
"Crystal Ice Cavern in Iceland"
"I'm a rolled up ball."
"Such an amazingly bad execution"
"So thats how Gremlins are made!!"
"An elephant on a trampoline. As posted on Stephen Fry's Twitter. That is all..."
"Cant stop watching!"
"Black Pete strikes again."
"Just a normal day in Home Depot..."
"The weather stone"
"23 is pretty old."
"23 years is a long time (xpost r/standupshots)"
"Just like your daddy"
"I probably can't see Dark Knight Rises until monday the 30th. This is me right now."
"I found a funny link and decided not to post it. Then it appeared on the front page 2 days later."
"This happen when we listening gangnam style at work"
"No."
"a 'melting candle' is the only way I can describe this image."
"I don't even know what this is..."
"If you ever need motivation to workout"
"This just cracks me up  every time I look at it!"
"These graphics are amazing!"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing a SA80 rifle"
"Queen Elizabeth II firing an SA80"
"How I feel when someone complains about how long i have been on reddit."
"This is a portrait of Jesus with a baby dinosaur which provides indisputable evidence that the Earth is older than 6 000 years. Your move Creationists."
"My face when I see on facebook all the cool things friends are doing without me..."
"After clicking front page links in anticipation  then realizing most of them have been 404'd"
"How I feel browsing r/funny/new and seeing all the fake posts"
"Whenever my bestfriends tell me about their night out with their ladies."
"This is who I want to win [FIXED]"
"GET THE FUCK AWAY."
"A little zelda tribute."
"Pokemon?"
"Sense of entitlement"
"Elephant Dog"
"Forever Alone Cake Day"
"Tap the manna like that one more - fuck this i'm out of here"
"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
"Well...okay."
"Do What You Love"
"So Went to McDonald's the other day and found out what Gabe Newell does instead of Half Life 3"
"Gaben Jr. (x-post from /r/Gaben"
"This is how I've spent/plan to spend the rest of my cake day"
"Whenever someone gives me a dirty look in class for being right"
"I went to a conference today and one of the presenters had this as his desktop image and I thought reddit would like it."
"Need to bring your cat somewhere? Try this..."
"I made you order that pizza."
"\m/"
"For those of you who miss the old Reddit."
"oh fuck"
"Flawless Face Transplant [Revival Verision][NSFL]"
"I ain't nothing but a hound dog..."
"Since I saw this I have a new purpose"
"This is why I love Andy"
"The results are in"
"How to disguise weapons"
"Well fuck you too"
"[Repost] Good Guy EA supporting the gay movement"
"HueHueHue BRBR?"
"Nice legs"
"WTF Ronaldo? (X-post /r/gaming)"
"drowning in grass"
"Frightening moment (close call)"
"Alfred Hitchcock F'g Rocked.."
"I was eating some bread  when suddenly..."
"It's about to get poopy"
"What will your kids poop up?"
"Poopy Time"
"What.....I mean......Why?........i want one"
"Ozzy and Slash are so dignified"
"Conquering the inner enemy"
"The cat's thought process: Time to lick the balls  shit  something's licking my balls... KICK THEM IN THE FACE! OMG SOMETHING'S KICKING ME IN THE FACE! BITE!"
"Attack . . attack . .ATTACK . .. ow  oh  wait . . .ow."
"My socks never judge me"
"Mayhem is everywhere."
"Googled &quot;cakes&quot; and got this."
"Religious Logic."
"Bat Kitten"
"Halloween showdown"
"Sometimes I feel like the walls are moving"
"i opened internet explorer by accident today"
"Haters gonna ... wait"
"It Finally  Actually Happened."
"There was a fire fight!"
"Oh no! This one is dirty."
"The truth about super heroes"
"SEYMOUR!"
"If you had never seen Jurassic Park  this picture would look like the world's most epic relay race."
"Why I always clear my browsing history/recycle bin."
"The fruit that Gotham deserves... but not the one it needs..."
"No Hope  No Cash  No Jobs  what could be next? Oh  no..."
"Why do cats purr?"
"Jesus WAS here!"
"Taxidermy  partner."
"Skrillex dropping the bass"
"Drop the bass!"
"When people get mad at me after they ask for my help"
"When I go to a swimming pool after watching the olympic diving."
"My favorite children's book..."
"I wonder how much he played that year?"
"The way Hitler was meant to be portrayed."
"LSD..."
"Something Wonderful."
"The beginning of something wonderful!"
"Pixar IRL"
"On the set of Knight Rider......."
"Spooky  yet beautiful [FIXED]"
"When Porn Stars go bad."
"Miracle dog."
"Scarlett Johansson gets a fresh tattoo - [Close Up/3 pics]"
"Soda machine problems"
"Freedom is just a few inches away"
"Caffeine Crystals"
"Israel ❤ Iran"
"I told you I wouldn't need a suit!"
"The Dangers Of Text Messaging"
"When i wake up for work."
"Urban Outfitters collecting pelts for their clothing line"
"How to trap a hipster"
"Popeye the sailor man in his old age."
"Popeye the sailor man in his old age."
"Amazing eyes."
"Clocking Snooki"
"Found this when searching for Snooki..."
"He thought he'd try a bite of Hypnotoad"
"high or not high still looks cool (/r/woahdude)"
"I want a cat that does this."
"dentist waiting room"
"How I feel trying to make the front page"
"Hello! Welcome to my aquarium."
"American Politics"
"Cannibalism? Only if you swallow."
"cat got hold of my camera"
"When I win an argument"
"OOOOOH YEAAAH!"
"This maze took 7 years to draw!"
"How I feel when a post I downvoted gets it to the front page"
"The best kind of parking ticket."
"Thug life."
"I used to be a pack-a-day smoker  but today is a huge triumph... Today is my 100th day not smoking!!! And this is how I feel right now."
"It's actually fucking happening."
"If you like me then you should put your vote on it (gif)"
"Obama getting ready to renew his vows"
"Not sure where else to put this recent gem I came across while googling &quot;Beyonce&quot;"
"That's one damn fine anti-zombie temple"
"photoshopped  but still inspiring"
"A nifty trick you've got there."
"Looks like I got a early birthday present"
"Looking through gifs on my computer  suddenly this."
"Oh god make it stop"
"The introverted way.(x/post from r/funny)"
"They said I could be anything..."
"I love it when you call me Sir Poppa"
"Conspiracy Keanu"
"Reddit for Cats"
"Never thought of it that way!"
"After watching the Walking Dead for too long"
"this could be true"
"Duck Face"
"Attempted murder caught by a photographer"
"So I heard you guys like babies and cats"
"Your last meal"
"Saw this FB.... I have no words"
"But what about all the healthy people?"
"Pretty sure that's not how that works."
"Gets funnier every time"
"Im a fucking box! (Its a fucking repost from /r/funny)"
"Stop Reddit I have to work...NO!!!"
"As long as we're all making fun of twilight"
"Ozzy at a wax museum"
"Thank you sir!"
"It's a miracle! Holy dog replicates Jesus trick! What more proof do you want  atheists? CHECKMATE!"
"Damnit Scruffy."
"Still the funniest picture I've seen on the internet."
"Siberian Chipmunk: the epitome of aww"
"just a little baby chipmonk mouse"
"This bus stinks."
"This gem was taken from a friend's Facebook."
"Every time I see a math word problem....."
"I'm an asshole."
"Why does a capacitor block DC but not AC?"
"My student is creative."
"With no experience  we used the internet to learn how to win home-owner designed Kitchen Of The Year in San Diego. (x-post from r/DIY)"
"Gingerbread crackhouse.."
"Black Stereo Types"
"Rikk Pls...."
"What happened to Master Chief's Race?"
"r/aww didnt like this little guy  what do you think of the Water Bear?"
"Didn't expect that to happen."
"Yes?"
"I googled &quot;What is reddit?&quot;  and this was the first result"
"How does one get in there?"
"Where there's a will there's a way."
"Are you fucking kidding me?"
"The Kitchen."
"God  I'm so deep. (Fixed)"
"That boy's gonna have a bad time..."
"Wtf? why does this exist?"
"Rednecks"
"Hug-nap"
"Sometimes I Just Feel Ugly"
"Listen  you are flawless!"
"You are flawless!"
"Bunny flop in slow motion"
"hardcore parkour!"
"We both fits and sits here"
"Came across this on facebook  because FUCK science."
"Alright CNN  enough with the puns. (xpost from r/trees)"
"If there was ever a game that needed a sequel"
"How it feels when I close reddit"
"Cat thoughts"
"Majestic"
"Anything is possible"
"Most inspirational gif ever"
"Just Al Pacino and Christopher Walken"
"Family Christmas"
"For the benefit of passengers using Apple iOS6 ..."
"Cat Collider"
"So...where is the waiter going?"
"My next birthday present (i hope)"
"Hungry Hungry Koopas"
"Charlie Manson  you're so silly."
"Scumbag anti-global warming &quot;expert&quot;"
"Scumbag /r/gaming"
"Hated this guy in college"
"Lincoln holding his intestines."
"Why didn't I think of this."
"Why the hell didn't I ever think of this"
"What must you NEVER  EVER type into Google?"
"Well Groomed Groom Groping"
"After walking through a spider web"
"Every damn time."
"Always happens to me"
"whenever i sit on my girlfriends couch"
"How I feel towards kids after babysitting..."
"When a semi-successful post gets a spree of downvotes."
"The tip of a butterfly's tongue  zoomed in [pic]"
"Talking to my mom on the phone."
"i will never be the man he is.[FIXED]"
"Hi  I'm Jesus Christ"
"Jackass Jesus"
"When I realize someone is staring at me while I am eating.."
"This woman just wanted a peaceful stroll in the park..."
"What did you just say?"
"How I feel trying to follow the Higgs Boson stuff [fixed]"
"Apple  Nokia &amp; Samsung ..."
"Umm......Congratulations?"
"Saw this on r/wtf...it's not...it's fucking hilarious"
"When I see someone I know from school out in public."
"Just realized I have a baboon living in my washroom..."
"Just realized I have a baboon living in my bathroom..."
"Calvin and Hobbs"
"Dominican Hair Restoration Ad"
"Not nearly half as impressive as the pictures here  but here's a pic of Mars I took through my telescope shortly before curiosity landed. [711 x 533]"
"All the evidence I could find about creationism."
"Just include this and all your posts can be about Atheism!"
"Nerdballer at it's best. Watch the girl on the end react to JD giving her a high five."
"I spent all day watching this  I regret nothing"
"Just some Star Wars merchandise"
"That awesome moment when..."
"Pound it  bro!"
"Favoritism"
"Best costume ever?"
"I will just leave this here....(Fixed)"
"How I feel trying to impress Reddit"
"Seems legit"
"A dolphin ramping off of a whale."
"The Eta Carinae Nebula"
"It truly is a tragedy... (X-post from r/funny [pdowski])"
"How did the dinosaurs really die?"
"How it really happened"
"The craving for a Nanosaur reboot hit me so hard today."
"I haven't laughed this hard in a long time"
"Graffiti at it's finest"
"Perfect timing"
"I just  I don't  Ew. Just Ew."
"Try to describe what's happening here."
"The farmer tried to milk me"
"well then"
"Found this on my pc  i am still laughing!"
"I laughed hard when I saw this"
"Working on final projects around this time of year"
"How should I celebrate my first year on reddit?"
"I absolutely love pictures of cats playing video games"
"Fashion week in New York City"
":|"
"THE RETART CONVERSATION"
"A terrible side effect of the Bane mask.."
"How I feel when I post something I think is good  and comeback to see that it got no love"
"Making it to the front page and realizing none of my friends know what Reddit is."
"My ex called to tell me she got a new boyfriend..."
"Who is this Seamonster attacking? (X-Post from r/aww)"
"The Seamonster {5184x3456} {OC}"
"Goes from cute to Yeowtch"
"Turtle payback"
"That's no berry!"
"&quot;What Obama has turned this country into tho&quot;"
"Bad Poker Face"
"Close call"
"Karma's a bitch"
"C&amp;H"
"Egypt: the building I thought was in front is actually behind the other one. [x-post from r/pics]"
"Do not try this at home."
"I love little little girls (NSFW?)"
"But I poop from there!"
"At Least He's Grammatically Correct"
"When me and my colleague hear we get a raise"
"Deal with it!"
"MRW i take all of the red skittles."
"What arguing with a redditor feels like"
"I never knew Hooters had a sense of humor."
"For all the non Australian's out there  this is our Prime Minister. [FIXED]"
"Bill Fucking Murray"
"Listen!"
"Something everyone who has played Zelda can agree on"
"Hey  listen!"
"Most annoying person in Skyrim (xpost from r/gaming)"
"When I visited Reddit for the first time"
"This is who I'm thinking of when the drums in the pickphase is on!"
"Just a relaxing rain."
"Sorry if this has been posted before  just wanted to share the gift of awesome."
"Best (and worst) TV Show to air in years"
"Skrillex Bee"
"dropping the bass"
"Awesome homemade NES arcade circa 1990"
"I bet this kid is a Redditor by now."
"This kid would've been the neighbourhood king of the late '80s."
"Why men shouldn't give advice."
"My very pregnant wife does this whenever she gets home."
"Bird whatching"
"Luck of the Irish (C&amp;H)"
"The force is strong with this one"
"this is just disgusting"
"Fuck you drawing book. You can't tell me what I can do."
"Atheists"
"World wide what?"
"Not there"
"When things go wrong..."
"Can I see it?"
"I recommend this book."
"How I feel as an Egyptian seeing all those posts about Egypt"
"Meanwhile  in Russia....."
"Arrested During A Haircut"
"Perfect song for the dancing Doctor."
"Dolphin pod in the surf"
"Racism is still alive."
"Smile"
"Shanghai 1990 vs 2010"
"Every time I try to get to the front page..."
"What is the origin of this GIF??"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson at Disneyworld [FIXED]"
"Fuck everyone."
"True."
"CONDOMON I CHOOSE YOU!!"
"This one always gets me"
"I was browsing tattoos when suddenly... and now I'm no longer in the mood for tattoos. Or breasts. NSFW."
"Nice Tattoo?"
"When I spot 2 girls making out in a club"
"a must have for any office"
"It's saturday bitches!!!!"
"Trinity Library in Dublin"
"How I Feel About Steam Summer Sale [X-Post r/pics]"
"Mustache"
"Saw this the other day"
"Sale in Japan!"
"20% off in Japan!"
"Ice crystals in the air creating pillars of light over Jackson  Wyoming"
"Never take a man's anti-spontaneous-combustion pills"
"Livin' the life"
"There is a room in hell  waiting for this woman."
"Welcome to Tisdale. Wait a second..."
"Terrible place for a family trip"
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"Every repost on reddit ever."
"I hope I'm not the only one who finds this ad creepy..."
"Mango Lick"
"Ralph is ready for the internet."
"Weasels."
"Just checked my Gmail  found this. Seems legit."
"A whole bunch of characters in one gif (I tried to name 'em all - very hard)"
"Someone made this a while back  very useful!! Thanks again Tiides!"
"This is why you cant the let monkeys hangout with the pigs.."
"Map of what people call soft drinks  by county."
"Pop? Soda? Coke? Generic Names for Soft Drinks in the US (by county)"
"Mopping with a stick"
"My reaction when my friend said: &quot;Well maybe reddit steals stuff from Pinterest&quot;..."
"dildo bike"
"I found a building that look really thin when seen from an angle [FIXED]"
"Baby monkey"
"Clever Omax wide angle lens ad"
"Chasing the dream"
"The Mona Diesel"
"MFW somebody tries to start a fight with me"
"Meanwhile in Russia"
"Well this wasn't fair at all."
"When she tells me &quot;just the tip&quot;"
"Reddit's Favorite Restaurant"
"Credible Hulk is Credible."
"How I feel in my university's dining hall looking for food after the chefs have stopped serving"
"I wonder who the owner is of said laptop."
"No  Grandma! It's a trap!"
"Ribbit ribbit"
"What a stupid bird..."
"Italicize this."
"Tetris wisdom"
"Funny because it's true"
"As a person with Galeophobia  this is how I feel towards post about Shark Week"
"Pwnd"
"How i feel reposting without knowing it"
"Alfred Hitchcock Directs the MGM Lion  1958"
"Arguing on the internet"
"Will forever be one of my favorite gifs"
"Hillary jamz!"
"The origin of seems Legit (FIXED) (FIXED)"
"Sloth Kong"
"This is how I feel right now."
"I am very happy these gentlemen achieved their goal."
"Complete double standard... And I know you guys have experienced this."
"Showering at a [6]"
"When my roommate takes a huge dump and doesn't flush"
"Fuck catapults  we need ninja wizards"
"I've got about 12 iPad's that I'm selling for half price. Contact me if you are interested"
"As a contractor  this is how I feel when the customer tries to tell me I need to work saturday."
"Lonely Panda is lonely."
"Best. Typo. Ever."
"So Helicopter Showdown just posted this on facebook."
"Happy Birthday  Mr. Fahrenheit."
"How I feel after the first week of classes"
"I posted this pic in a comment last week. Today my friend emailed me this funny pic he saw on George Takei's facebook page. The surreal part? It's the same pic! (facebook link in the comments)"
"Meanwhile  In Florida..."
"This is at a gas station near my house"
"MFW someone broke one of my things and finds it funny"
"If Jupiter were as close to Earth as the moon (x-post from r/pics) [1024x768]"
"Donald Trump and Bill O'Reilly doing the wave at a Yankees game."
"Abercrombie"
"cat in a bag"
"Burnt Pizza"
"Call Me a Pussy  One More Time..."
"Me when my boyfriend lists off all the sexual favors he'd do in exchange for a BJ. (SFW)"
"I wish I were as happy as this elephant seal."
"Introducing Jenny  master of improv"
"This snow tunnel near the Mutnovsky Volcano in Russia is almost a kilometre long. These tunnels form under the snow fields in deep ravines at the end of the summer thaw. Photo Credit: Michael Zelensky"
"A snow cave in Russia. [pic]"
"Here is ships being shipped by a .. ship (x post from r/pics) 600x398"
"Motives of Batman villians"
"Waiting for the dealer to call"
"When it's Friday and I don't have any real work to do"
"Who's normal according to NYC Metro?"
"The anti-racist fail"
"Classic Ice Cube"
"When one person upvotes me."
"Coolest watermelon I've ever seen"
"Reddit 1952"
"sunset captured with some around effect! its like post-apocalyptic!"
"People who hate reposts also hate..."
"People who hate reposts also hate..."
"Rule #32"
"Underwater nuclear blast"
"A dog drinking in slow motion [gif]"
"The True Heroes Reddit Deserves"
"How I felt when I heard about it."
"Forgive and Forget"
"Mitt Romney visits Chipotle"
"This is how I feel when my girlfriend introduces me to some of her guy friends..."
"Scarred for life"
"May I have this dance?"
"Do not talk about deer Fight Club"
"Help a brother out!"
"Oh facebook  you just keep em' coming"
"Bryan Cranston directs this week's episode of the Office!"
"Putin On The Ritz"
"A new derp is born."
"Best thing I ever played on a Demo Disc."
"Would anyone care to reminisce over this absolute gaming gem?"
"How I felt when my teacher said I was the most responsible person in my class."
"I appreciate his honesty."
"This guy didn't want me to leave"
"And the award for worst prom dress goes to..."
"I can see how we came from them."
"One of the best Spongebob moments."
"Hide the evidence. (Found on r/wtf)."
"A monk prays for a dead man in the station hall of the Shanxi Taiyuan Train Station  China"
"I wouldn't want to change the diaper after this."
"For my cake day here is the cutest corgi puppy ever!"
"Another version of burka"
"In the spot light"
"This guy is seriously out standing in his field."
"This shirt freaked me out."
"I'm really not sure what's going on here..."
"The best picture on the internet! r/funny really didn't find this funny at all."
"Well this is a side of Nazism I've never seen before..."
"All my wuts  a couple of my the's and exactly half of my fucks. (Xpost r/4chan)"
"PHBBARKPPHHBPPTBARKPHPBBRBARKPHHHBARBARK"
"PHBBARKPPHHBPPTBARKPHPBBRBARKPHHHBARBARK"
"How I feel when the punchline is in the title of a r/funny post"
"Should be as important as there I.d. (carried @all times) all negative results will be reported to the b.v.b &quot;better vag bureau&quot; ;/"
"House by the water"
"West End London  1949  Piccadilly Circus looking up Shaftsbury Avenue"
"Clumsy Emo Guy"
"You weren't there....."
"After finally visiting /r/SpaceDicks.. I've seen some shit. [NSFW]"
"Husband just explained what &quot;goatse&quot; is."
"Cup of tea with the Mad Hatter? Yes please!"
"Jesus' Second Coming"
"The Second Coming Aug. 2  1934"
"Too good to leave in r/sanfrancisco [x-post]"
"Do your dance  do your dance"
"Suddenly  Beard"
"Because beards are awesome!"
"Because the world knows reddit loves cats"
"I Haz Bad Dweamz"
"Why fat kids don't play sports."
"A new kind of paradise"
"Thought I saw him somewhere..."
"After reading a weird story on reddit"
"How to upset every single nerd on the planet"
"It goes on and on..."
"Alien vs. Predator [GIF]"
"the very odd couple"
"Sonic the Hedgehog"
"This gif makes me laugh every time."
"Watchu got there"
"Stool Sample... Nailed it."
"This is one of my favorite pictures on the internet"
"The most epic gif ever made?"
"Living the American Dream"
"Best room ever."
"WTF... awesome secret escape!"
"Coffee With Jesus (Party)"
"Jesus on fucked up shit"
"For those of us who are 6 feet tall and under 200lbs"
"When I see Michelle Janneke warming up for a hurdle race"
"Every time I read a comic from theoatmeal..."
"Science DOES rule!"
"Whale  whale  whale."
"I can't sleep Eddy"
"Check out the size of his caulk"
"Finally! I am SO tired of picking the bones out of my pig ass!"
"Ball! Ball  ball  ball  OH SHIT!"
"propane time"
"Chocolate? Chocolate!!!"
"When someone starts putting tobacco in a joint"
"Mittens  did you really go to culinary school?"
"I caught a Meowth"
"I choose you  kitty!"
"Oops I dropped the little one"
"I give you reddit  for my cake day  something you usualy upvote a lot  a cute hairy thing... (hope you say awww)"
"Tsar Photobomba"
"The rabbit hole never ends...."
"How I feel after browsing facebook"
"How I feel after browsing facebook"
"When someone asks me if i'm still a virgin"
"Incalculable levels of stupid"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Most Astounding Fact"
"Girahim Alpaca"
"Hey Man  want some pepperonipizz-Nevermind. (NSFW)"
"Ever wondered what toothpaste looks like without the tube?"
"Toothpaste"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Indeed  they will. Mhmm."
"Concerned dad"
"Me when I'm trying to badass someone."
"Petting a baby bat"
"What I think when i see all the &quot;We need a dislike button!!&quot; pages on Facebook"
"I wish this too... (Maybe spoiler?)"
"Manly Motherhood"
"Let the Hate begin."
"Flirting with Miss Piggy"
"Who wants to join me for a sex barbecue?"
"And on that day  Grandpa touched The Leaning Tower of Pisa..."
"Hornets"
"Box Kitteh"
"Red Panda"
"Hurricane Sandy approaching New York City"
"Uhh..."
"Legendary"
"this is no doubt a repost  but a repost that needs to be reread  while poopin'"
"How I feel about submissions with &quot;rage&quot; in the title"
"The Greatest Story Ever Told"
"Noah’s Arc"
"Dirt cheap"
"Romney post-debate thumbs up"
"Mitt and Ann's response to his foul stench"
"It's in the bag  bro!"
"You make me touch your hands for stupid reasons"
"When my brother tells me his new girlfriend is a redditor"
"When My brother tells me his new girlfriend is a redditor"
"Didn't need to sleep anyway."
"Every day at the same time  she waits for him  and they go for a walk - from my facebook feed"
"The doggie comes by pretty much at the same time every day  the kitty climbs down and they go for a stroll."
"Gee thanks  Batman (I didn't see this with a quick search.)"
"I actually won something for once!"
"I think god is talking to me"
"I heard you guys like cats [NSFW]"
"When not sure if someone is the the bathroom at work."
"Taking pics is serious business"
"Prepare to cringe  like you've never cringed before."
"Happened to me this morning (slightly NSFW)."
"Oh god why.."
"Please..."
"Hello  this is Dog  and I will be your driver today."
"Haters Gonna...woaahhh....ssshhh....iiaaaa....Hate"
"Ah  now that's better"
"everytime someone problem i know how to solve...to the rescue."
"Just like a mother..."
"KAME-HAME-HA"
"Portal to narnia"
"They're like Gremlins."
"So  a blonde walks into a Microsoft store..."
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella?"
"Found this today"
"What it feels like to have a post stuck at one upvote"
"My favorite gif"
"when your Reddit submission gets no attention"
"Blue city - Red turbans (Jodhpur) Photo by Photojournalist Steve McCurry"
"Ah  the smell of autumn leaves in the air... crisp  cool weather..."
"Man  sex metaphors sure have changed since I was a kid.."
"Louie Armstrong serenading a lady with his trumpet in Egypt."
"When someone takes food off my plate"
"When I learned this afternoon that my cake day post this morning got deleted by an auto-moderator"
"It's Alright Little One"
"Tom Selleck fractal"
"I saw this and was like WTF?!?!?"
"The frustration is unbearable when this happens."
"...REAL good"
"If you don't want to date me . . ."
"So much wisdom."
"Face of r/Atheism that I think we all can understand his viewpoint."
"mfw I found out that the girl who told me she wasn't ready for a relationship a month ago is now in a relationship"
"So  I tried visiting /b/"
"Is this how karma works?"
"My unfortunate cake day."
"My friend calls him &quot;Mr Ridiculously Photogenic Guy&quot;: FIXED"
"This really does break my heart"
"How to get you to notice me. [FB]"
"I feel so bad for him [FB]"
"My reaction to hearing Neil DeGrasse Tyson is filming a Cosmos Sequel"
"Not sure how this is ever going to work."
"This is why Oscar the Grouch is the way he is.."
"I wonder if he made it out alive?"
"Redditor saws off his son's legs to fund his addiction to the sweet elixir of karma."
"A pizza"
"Karate vs Ballet"
"Pup is ready to Pump so Iron"
"Get dressed  we need to go to the... nevermind  let's stay here"
"Checkmate"
"My reaction when someone tells me I have a drinking problem."
"Park Anywhere"
"BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER"
"Trollcat"
"Catnip is a helluva drug."
"Awesome Vintage Beer ad"
"IFF - A female Lockheed employee works on a P-38 Lighting (1944)"
"I found this on Facebook. Thought it deserved better. Credit to Cameron for drawing it at work."
"Two of my favourite people."
"Max vs Mr Taco"
"A dream come true."
"My face after an amazing dubstep drop."
"Maybe my face can help me...."
"M31 Galaxy"
"He likes to be the small spoon."
"i don't know wtf is going on outside my window"
"My cakeday is on the 4th of July  fuck yea!"
"4th of July"
"I think the music fits the Gif"
"How Redditors felt during Obama's speech last night:"
"I finally learned to sleep with my eyes open!"
"Goat WANTED in robbery"
"Christian Bale"
"Atheist Cat"
"Yo dawg I heard you like..."
"You have my permission to laugh. (x-post from /r/batman)"
"reckoning.gif"
"Goodbye bane"
"Bane fake blooding"
"Bane's Living in the sunlight"
"Who makes your jacket?"
"This is me at ANY party..."
"That is your side  this is my side!"
"Gaming franchise I'm reminded of whenever I see someone talking about MW"
"First mashup for my friend's special day"
"Sleepy Kitty...!"
"Precious little feets"
"Why doesn't Steam show a time as well? Is it too much to ask so I don't wipe what could be hours of playtime from my saves?"
"Has science gone too far? 80% of people can't tell if this is real!"
"Optical illusion for your ears"
"This makes noise in my head... and it scares me."
"Optical Illusion for the Ears!"
"Look at this gif for 10 seconds. Do you hear the sound it makes?"
"When I see another guy at a chick flick"
"when I see someone else from my state while on a road trip"
"Whenever someone mentions my state online"
"This its why I miss this show."
"My hands and feet get sweaty looking at this."
"How Many Xzibits..."
"Good question."
"God's response to atheists"
"Other majors can't say they do the same for a grade."
"no no no  THIS game ruins friendships  you backstabber!"
"How you know you've been doing your job for too long."
"English Angora bunny"
"So brave."
"Rare domestic Silver Back Gorilla"
"Well  it looks like my friend is extra high today."
"When I was a kid..."
"If Predator was a fish"
"Playing Video Games with my Siblings"
"Epic mountain."
"Nope."
"Now back at me."
"Just riding the train"
"Whenever I get an upvote"
"How I feel whenever I get an upvote."
"Sprerhnklurs"
"Now that's good parenting."
"Married vs Single"
"Now I can say that I fuck less than a tree."
"Just your normal everyday tree sex."
"I wood"
"Let the cute melt you!"
"It's not what it looks like"
"look closely..."
"It really is this simple."
"Must Try This"
"Oh this looks like a great combination.."
"Gaga looks gross in meat corset"
"NaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNa..."
"No idea."
"I think this belongs here..."
"MILF braces for FAP offensive (X-post r/WTF)"
"Dog Cruise"
"How I feel about the K-Pop overload on the IPL stream."
"*Sigh* EVERY TIME!"
"I stare at this painting every time I pee. It makes my day just a little bit better."
"Have you seen this bird?"
"This is the best type of Illuminati."
"My girlfriend asked me why I was so excited about the Google Chrome app"
"The devil is in the details [500x330]"
"Best. Collage. Ever."
"A gamer's life(s). (FIXED)"
"Like a sir."
"'MERICA"
"this guy forgot his lucky charms"
"The rules !"
"a loophole is found"
"Listening to a rich friend talk about their awesome vacation"
"why is oscar such a grouch?"
"Just a smiling  swimming hippo. Enjoy."
"How I imagine I look when my lips are chapped"
"When Steam game downloads are almost complete."
"My favorite old Gameboy add"
"???? profit"
"A gif that I made of Sarah Jessica Parker morphing into a horse."
"Welcome to England"
"Premature Ejaculation"
"Weirdest Boner"
"Four heads are better than two"
"Seems legit"
"I went to 4chan for the first time..."
"Cat fight"
"For my cake day  I present to you: Fighting Cats!"
"Wow..."
"It does get annoying."
"And the award for most epic troll from my childhood goes to..."
"Totally started the thick-framed glasses trend"
"Going Nowhere"
"Waiting lines"
"Looking for a new pair of sunglasses for my trip to Europe. How do these look?"
"TGIF"
"intresting........"
"iPhone 10"
"Time to do Wakey wakey to master."
"Routine photo shoot (NSFW)"
"Dibs"
"Dibs"
"Dibs"
"Modern day chivalry"
"A knight and his fair maiden"
"Surfing in Tahiti"
"This is gonna be the best Halloween ever"
"When you were a kid and your mom asked you if you wanted Kraft Macaroni and Cheese for dinner..."
"Amazing rainbow wave"
"Meanwhile on Endor"
"You can't keep him down"
"Nipples"
"every time i try to diet."
"Billy mays maze amazes me"
"Billy Mays maize maze"
"Bitch Stole My Fish (still one of my favorites)"
"How I feel waking up for the first day of school"
"I hear Reddit loves Emma Watson..."
"I guess I'll sleep over here [FIXED]..."
"Sometimes you wake up on the wrong bed"
"I came home to this today..."
"Only who is left..."
"What Happens To Girls That Play Video Games"
"Something seems roachy about this title"
"I want a fucking poncho."
"Pope Palpatine"
"Finding the last frozen pizza at the bottom of the freezer."
"r/atheism lately."
"Reddit tomorrow."
"What?"
"How Canadians view America [FIXED]"
"I don't care how much...just give me it (hydrofloors)"
"Human Baby...that is all."
"Someone decided to finally come out of their shell today"
"nomomomom *sniff* WUT"
"Now Listen Carefully"
"When I make a post and wake up to over 600 comment karma.."
"What I imagine when people like their own facebook status..."
"Trust me  I'm an engineer..."
"The Bro Couch - I prefer being on top  personally..."
"Good father"
"whenever someone uses this smiley (:"
"Emoticons go this way"
"This poor lost lumberjack can't get a break."
"I'm pretty sure this is how girls see me.."
"This is a pretty accurate representation of the relationship I have with my father.."
"That Guy Has Some Nice Tits!"
"le Tour de Ass"
"Women don't handle beer very well."
"Moth Eye [x-post r/WTF]"
"Moth Eye (x-post r/WTF)"
"quite a juxtaposition (repost? idk.)"
"Cat People  this is for you."
"An honest mistake [xpost/trees]"
"Oh My  what are those trees doing? [Optical Illusion][NSFW]"
"Just some trees [xpost r/wtf]"
"Ash Touch 'em"
"One of the most hilarious 'To Do' lists I've ever seen."
"In light of &quot;winter time&quot;  Why my boyfriend hates winter [FIXED]"
"Passel of Pandas in Playpen"
"When it's time  this bridge is set up and used by red crabs to migrate without being killed on the road."
"When every post but mine gets an upvote"
"&quot;He has no idea im laying here&quot;"
"Pillow: 1 Cat: 0"
"Owner: 1 Cat:0"
"Time for bed"
"What if..."
"Once you do the duckface  it just keeps evolving"
"When 20 people are arguing over the same thing in the comments."
"RobotRave"
"Can't You Guys For Once Shoot Straight...?"
"Home Make Over: Jesus Edition"
"Why LIFE! WHY!?"
"High school sign fail. My small town delivered."
"Squirrel getting a little friendly"
"Bismuth lattice"
"Oh  a cute hamste... wat?"
"It's such a cute hamster ... 0 o"
"When one of my smart friends says something smart..."
"When people upvote a link with a celebrity they recognize"
"Kids at Play"
"I get the hint"
"Satisfactory dancing."
"penguins wearing sweaters"
"Just some penguins wearing sweaters."
"Respect"
"I will bow down as we welcome our robotic overlords"
"It's all over. This just won the Internet."
"Follow me!"
"Very clever car insurance ad."
"Very clever car insurance ad"
"UFC fighter punches himself."
"Surprised no one else though of this combination"
"HIFW the wife is on her way home after a bit of sexting (SFW)"
"shake dat a**"
"I made this on photoshop"
"Too soon? (x-post from /r/sandy)"
"Anakin  may the Force not be with you."
"In honour of Star Wars Day!"
"After some careful analysis..."
"Every Time I See A Bad Pun Thread On Reddit [x-post from gifs]"
"Bacon Flowchart"
"This looks like a fun party but wtf is the Dad doing?"
"Kids will be kids"
"Regal kitty"
"Mom &amp; Son"
"The game that ruins friendships."
"Keepin Clean;)"
"This is how I view most of the plans to fix the debt crisis"
"This solves the age old plumber problem"
"Those eyes..."
"Meanwhile  in Whimsyshire..."
"After watching the first few episodes of Oz."
"Sorry  it all isn't for us..."
"Atheism is so arrogant"
"Milk"
"When my posts get very little to 0 upvotes."
"How I feel finally having a post hit the front page and watching my karma go up"
"Probably a repost  but still awesome."
"Russian Ironman [FIXED]"
"How I feel the next morning after a night of drinking."
"YEAH BITCH  MAGNETS!"
"Wheeeeee!"
"Redditor writes simple Microsoft Word document  prints it to reap precious karma."
"Welcome to Georgia."
"How I'm hoping Obama shows up to his second inauguration."
"MAKE IT GO AWAY!"
"Back It Up"
"Arguing with Christians"
"I used to ride this UNI every day."
"Nice one Patrick."
"Sometimes you just know your insurance isn't going to cover it"
"There is a spy among them."
"My office has had the air conditioning out for the last week or so. As I heard it rumble to a start this morning  this is all I could think of..."
"Family."
"Things you can only do with boys"
"GRIN!"
"I Would be Pissed Too"
"gimmie one"
"This Affects Nearly All of Us"
"This happens all too often"
"Just heard my roommate say this."
"A nice pad in Cape Town (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Evolution of a Meme"
"10 minutes after drinking from my quarter gallon coffee mug."
"How I picture people on their cakeday"
"Shots. The only thing that can make this creature acceptable."
"Boom Boom Boom Boom"
"Get Down"
"I HAVE THE POWER!"
"I don't want to work!"
"Dancin' panda"
"Party Panda"
"After working at a fast food restaurant  guns no longer scare you"
"Oh HI!"
"A Baby Hedgehog and Her Mother"
"Dog Training"
"Emma Watson Part II"
"Looks like a shit ton of fun!"
"Sweet Dreams Are Made Of This"
"Your a window licker!"
"&quot;Penis Snake&quot; recently discovered in the Amazon"
"&quot;Penis snake&quot; (actually a caecilian)"
"Get out of the way!"
"all i can do is laugh!"
"As a 15 year old who cuts lawns  I want this."
"Chinese foot binding - the toes were broken and folded under the foot."
"Why have you cursed me with these chicken hands?!"
"Take THAT  guy from 6 years ago who was mean to me once."
"Please be gentle  it's my [f]irst time and I'm shy..."
"My glasses!"
"I actually feel sorry for Twilight."
"I just pound the drum and do the Africa face"
"/r/aww wasn't appreciating this cutie ):"
"Theres always time..."
"Bitch  please..."
"Jeremy Clarkson"
"What is food scarcity?"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"SPOON-AY"
"It's dangerous to be right..."
"a new meme"
"A Real Man"
"New monkey found in Kenya - looks like a stoned Gremlin."
"Best. Sidecar. Ever."
"Things that go BOOM in the night"
"Not Llamas"
"How I felt today after seeing the Woody Harrelson AMA 6 hours in"
"Now friends  later not necessarily"
"I'll take the escalator"
"When was the last time that you saw a baby Macaque?"
"A baby Macaque from India"
"Jamie Hyneman: Born To Dance"
"Jamie Hyneman AMA?"
"His mustache is better than yours (xpost from r/GifSound)"
"Haters Gonna... Tailslide??"
"Bombur Catches an Upvote (OC)"
"When going from single words to sentences in a new language...."
"When I found r/popping"
"Not a biggie  just a 22 foot  2500 pound crocodile"
"&quot;there are many fish in the sea&quot;  yes yes  how comforting"
"How to handle Road Rage"
"Zombie snowmen"
"This guy never has to worry about his car getting stolen!"
"I regret this completely"
"Whenever somebody suggests atheism is &quot;Just a phase&quot;"
"Thorette?"
"Ewwwww...."
"Oh sam.."
"My day so far.."
"Oh."
"The sad reality I faced today..."
"all I want is this Corgi Husky Hybrid"
"Lol... it just works"
"The McKayla Lisa [credit to /u/yarrpiracy; X-post from r/AdviceAnimals]"
"I'm sorry what."
"World peas."
"A book that makes every dinner a turn-on."
"I want to wrestle her"
"You rage you loose."
"You shut your beak. You shut it right now!"
"STFU!"
"POCKET SAND!"
"When i can't think of a better comeback"
"Long exposure (crystal meths (not always bad))"
"Three New Messages"
"&quot;Officer  I'm pretty sure her leg isn't supposed to bend like that&quot;"
"Some men just want to watch the world burn"
"Some people just want to watch the world burn"
"This looks like an electron microscope version of a tremor like worm monster!"
"On what day did god create this?"
"After a long day of work  Kanye West.."
"excuse me sir  there's a puppy in my taco"
"Bruce Lee with a ping pong ball."
"My reaction to seeing Hostess close down!"
"Upon hear the news that Hostess is shutting down..."
"I Prefer Prince's REALLY Early Work"
"Already addicted to a life of glamour..."
"Little red moped"
"was creepin through my buddies pictures when I found this  couldn't help but laugh"
"Missed my cake day... how I feel."
"If this...if this doesn't make you smile I don't know what will."
"Please move yourself out of my path"
"Funny FAIL newspaper image."
"Every time I think talking to my ex is a good idea..."
"3 Brazilian Soldiers"
"Turtle-NOM"
"Most American Picture Ever"
"One of the funniest fake ads I have seen (slightly nsfw)"
"After saving up and submitting all of my best content for my cake day  this is how I feel when it all fails."
"Every time i see another damn post from pinterest..."
"spiderman"
"When I found /r/gore and /r/spacedicks on the same day."
"This just popped up on my FB newsfeed. Here's my dad's friend not giving a fuck."
"i just want to hug all the things!!"
"Googled &quot;sloth&quot;. This picture I found made all my troubles go away."
"Hide and Seek"
"When my teacher asks me to answer a question on the board..."
"Ok......This No-Shave-November Shit HAS to Stop..."
"No shave November..."
"College move out day"
"How I feel when people argue about reposts"
"So Close"
"Well thats a duck face I havent seen before"
"McKayl-obamizer"
"Baby Korean Godfather will now accept your tribute..."
"It's time to grow up."
"what was that?"
"I googled neat handwriting and this came up"
"Proud dog after finding a lost 3 year old"
"Nope."
"A teary-eyed Neil Armstrong photographed by Buzz Aldrin  shortly after walking on the moon"
"Damn Germany! You scary!"
"Pomeranian Hot Tub"
"Maritime mom"
"Guys! I re-posted! Take me to front page!"
"be yourself"
"In a parallel universe..."
"Just a beautiful baby fawn."
"Why feminism is important"
"Best summer camp ever!"
"I believe reddit is the perfect community for you"
"I couldn't stop laughing at his face... I did the only logical thing."
"Master combat  you will."
"This Way To The Promised Land"
"Hand-painted R2 shorts."
"Arrow to the Knee"
"Celery - Nature's toothbrush"
"It looks like he's enjoying that a little too much..."
"brushie brushie brushie"
"OUIIIIIIIIIII!"
"What I expect from reddit after work"
"dear lord this is frightening"
"Philly Public Transportation"
"hey human let me have some of that"
"Pirate Hook"
"It's that time of year again..."
"The best things in life come unexpected."
"duly noted"
"Don't mess with baby gerbils"
"I hope so too..."
"Happy turtle."
"Trolololol"
"Mount Everest as seen from Drukair"
"Probably my favorite OC"
"Here's a REPOST of the top link on r funny  go f*** yourself and down vote me."
"Water VS Ground"
"16 clean kilometers"
"drunk baby on an adventure"
"Jesus makes cannibalism acceptable"
"Jesus's special ingredients"
"No thanks  Im a big boy"
"artist does self-portraits under influence of every drug known to man"
"Any last words?"
"Last Words"
"Alex Honnold."
"I seem to have lost my watch [NSFW]"
"I'm not sure thats how you're supposed to use intestines"
"le happy man"
"Hogging a raspberry"
"Penn Jillette makes a strong point."
"Found at local rescue shelter...."
"How I feel lately..."
"Well that sucks(FIXED)"
"Caught by a sea monster ..."
"Dark Starry Knight"
"I'll see your Texas pic  and raise you California"
"The joy of living in Texas.."
"Password issue anyone ?"
"This is circulating the internet..... Really guys?"
"Aww your grandma made cook... oh..."
"Motivation effectively halved"
"Christmas Frog"
"Batman seems to lack a sense of humor"
"Rowan Atkinson on anti-theism"
"They really are just like us!"
"How to brush like a man."
"A bearded man teaches you how to properly brush your teeth (and beard)."
"Possum on a gumbush!"
"Anyone know what this cute baby is?"
"Little Baby Bunny"
"Prince!"
"Wooo- No  no  SHIT NO NOOOOOOOOO."
"Well that was unexpected...."
"Busey Family Reunion"
"Gary Busey's gonna get you."
"After leaving the receipt in the ATM on payday."
"Peterdance"
"Bath Salts Kittens"
"Dexter"
"Bath Salts  Meth  and Cocaine"
"Exactly like Reddit."
"low five"
"LOW FIVE"
"Get at me BRO"
"Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit."
"The facial expression tells all."
"Just a friendly cat here to remind you that even your wildest dreams can come true."
"evolution is a bitch"
"Well  I guess that's that"
"Hey  what's up with you? (x-post from r/funny)"
"WAR!"
"This was the first hit when I googled &quot;most racist picture&quot;."
"Whenever an important video or big news comes up on the web and I'm the first one to post it on reddit..."
"My dad failed to read the card before giving it to my mom."
"My Dad should read the card before buying in future"
"Hey Come Back"
"Kitteh"
"What Seeing a Christian Defend the Church is Like"
"Like father  like son..."
"Guilin Mountains  China (cross-post from /r/EarthPorn)"
"Guessed wrong"
"Why reddit doesn't sleep."
"I don't know which image is funnier"
"Worth the read. Would read again. Ctfu."
"I don't think a crack whore needs a baby..."
"Popped up on newsfeed...Dont know if real or not but gives some perspective on how the PSU scandals affects the community"
"Why you should sometimes pick up people from the side of the road - Imgur (FB)"
"Breastfeeding"
"lil Bieber"
"On God's and Heros[x-post /r/standupshots]"
"Quit my job of 7 years today. This is how it felt."
"It is my actual Cake Day and this is what I feel like doing at work today in celebration!"
"The magic of shaving"
"Woodstock 1969"
"And that is how you style it out after you fall..."
"What  this isn't how you complete a race? [Repost from r/funny]"
"I was wondering why the guy in the bathroom yelled gooooooaaaalllll"
"Just Obama meeting a Pirate."
"Christians: Reject evolution  believe that you can be impregnated with a black baby from a 3D movie"
"What I do when I wake up in the morning and I find out school is cancelled."
"Drawww. . . crap"
"For those of you who didn't know..."
"Unlikely Superhero..."
"Jesus the gymnast"
"This is how I feel when I get upvote after upvote after upvote!"
"what i feel like doing when people my age talk about the fucking 90's relentlessly (i'm 22)"
"Furry photobomb"
"Go to /r/spiders they said. Its really informative and enlightening they said."
"Cool Fog This Morning In St. Louis!"
"Evolution of humanity"
"The more I think about  the more realistic it is."
"The evolution of man"
"Waking up with my leg asleep."
"Reddit CEO on a business trip"
"A day in the life of CAT"
"Like a Boss!"
"A Beautiful Disaster: Trinity Nuclear Test  1945"
"I said NO!"
"Me too  Darren  me too."
"Darren want a drama-free relationship."
"I call hacks"
"Willy Wonka support looking out for me"
"Jon Stewart welcoming the Pope to twitter!!"
"Oh Clarkson you've done it again"
"Movies these days"
"Mmm  turtles"
"1 Down  8 to Go"
"This pretty much sums it up"
"A different point of view"
"optimism  pessimism and the internet"
"Woman has a large snatch."
"Public School Teaching Fail."
"Teacher fail!"
"Waardenburg Syndrome - the one disease I would totally be content with having."
"I think the interior designer is dicking around with us."
"Ferret afraid of peanut butter"
"To all my comrades who read their spam folder:"
"Young Stephen Hawking"
"Life Hacks"
"Real Life Hacks. All in one picture."
"Moose babies"
"Siamoose Twins"
"Don't worry  Snoop will show you the way."
"Ghost City"
"Ghost City Manhattan!"
"GottaChugEmAll"
"sorry I lost control..."
"The day I lost control..."
"Where is this from?"
"cause fucking cats  bro"
"I can probably just squeeze by here"
"He just looks so happy to be wearing that."
"Best advert I've seen on the back of a bus for a while"
"real jesus vs republican jesus"
"Old Jesus vs new Jesus. MORTAL KOMBAAAAAAAT"
"Group picture"
"Hey guyz what about us???"
"Crime: Breaking the Internet. Verdict: Guilty"
"I gave him plenty of chances  but he failed to get me to the front page."
"If households budgeted like the GOP"
"Presidential Wallpapers"
"'MURICA"
"My new favorite picture of President Obama."
"For all you fans of Adventure Time (by illustrator Juan Manuel Orozco)"
"Extreme guitar playing in Libya today"
"Whenever I get the ball rolling"
"Bath time"
"He confuses bath time with nap time"
"Gay Love!"
"You otter be kidding me"
"Does this angle make me look fat...?"
"...Fuck it"
"Whoooooo loves orange soda?"
"Who has fond memories of battling it out here?"
"Mark. It. ZERO."
"Yes  that is a worm."
"You should get yourself checked"
"Call for a good time..."
"just a monkey bout the size of my finger"
"He has problems too."
"The moment when you're really angry and someone makes you laugh."
"When my girlfriend randomly gives me a blowjob when I'm pissed off at her."
"Gotcha  bitch!"
"Being a shark is hard."
"I'll just leave this here."
"Little Swing for a Little Guy"
"I'm going to hell for laughing at this"
"Fuck Yeah"
"Oh  Batman!"
"Runnin with the devil"
"True mind fuck"
".....Dam you rugrats"
"The Truth Behind the Rugrats"
"How I feel when people mention something is a repost"
"Trying to get into the bars with a fake i.d"
"Now this  THIS is a good question"
"running cat is running"
"Being informed that your promising post was previously posted."
"When I use internet explorer..."
"Every time I post something to Reddit"
"When I read that there are 'Muslim Patrol' dudes patroling the streets of London beating up fags"
"Thug Life"
"I always look at pictures like these to keep my mindset positive. Anyone have any more?"
"All i want to do is [X-Post /r/gifsound]"
"Romney for Chairman of the Federal Reserve."
"Needs to happen."
"I...You...What?"
"Being &quot;Lawyered&quot; in the animal kingdom"
"Creative Left-Right Brain Ads by Mercedes-Benz"
"Watching best of Will ferrel on SNL I realized Jim Carrey is the original troll face"
"When ever &quot;what is love&quot; comes on anywhere."
"Aaand... off!"
"No pencils"
"Available 7 days a week for all of your special event needs"
"Dem Asians"
"Dog gets his revenge."
"Fuck everything about this level [FIXED]"
"Public service announcement"
"Who was the one who that this was a good add?"
"Pretty much me attempting my chem midterm."
"You wish you were as cool as this guy..."
"First World Problem Level: Naruto"
"You failed"
"A tale of triumph"
"&quot;Hey honey  let me buy you a drink&quot;."
"God and Lions. First submission. Thought this was appropriate"
"Highway to help"
"I found it"
"A viking on a unicorn that is expelling rainbow diarrhea  yielding an AK 47 in space."
"unicorns have rainbow diarrhea"
"Cut My Life Into Pizzas..."
"Someone please explain how this works."
"Garfield  the original kitty derp."
"An alternate use for cats"
"Which South Park episode was this from?"
"Talk About Big Balls [FIXED]"
"I'm Lovin' It"
"My new Mouse Pad"
"Gangnam style"
"Jenga anyone?"
"Chutulosaurus Rex"
"Happy 14th Birthday  Google!"
"Is that... is that RoboCop?!"
"Evolution of the Batman-Logo"
"Evolution of the Batman-Logo"
"Evolution of the Batman-Logo"
"Nightmare material at the art gallery..."
"How I feel as a college student"
"Helicopter Penis"
"Duct tape when in doubt....."
"Finally got my copy in the mail!"
"Useless box [fixed]"
"Nope  guess I was wrong."
"Mila"
"A joke with a fish in it."
"I think this is fair..."
"frankenstorm and all  but whats happening in mexico?!"
"Life got a little scary there for a minute"
"How I imagine most of reddit."
"Intense"
"Picture of a cute baby dog I found on the internet"
"Fight with a system!"
"when i found out my parents were santa"
"How i felt when i found out my parents were Santa Claus"
"passive aggressive"
"Interior Crocodile Alligator"
"Lonely Cat"
"When someone asks me if I'm busy. &quot;Uh  kinda...&quot;"
"How I start when I browse /r/nsfw_gif"
"Facebook You vs The Real You"
"I have no idea why this was on my hard drive."
"If life was a Michael Bay movie."
"Oh Fox news  that's not where the states go."
"Oh Fox news  that's not where the states go."
"So you must all remember the terrorist attack on Glasgow Airport a few years ago  how many of you remember this absolute hero?!"
"Underwater Tiger"
"Just a couple of baby flies (NSFW)"
"Blow in her face...(SFW)"
"Aquaman so fresh"
"They see me...flying?"
"Octopus Island (pic)"
"I think this would make the game infinitely better."
"....And this was on my newsfeed this morning."
"How I felt pooping after a long day at school."
"How I poop before a night of playing old video games"
"How I feel when I'm constipated and something finally comes out"
"DUBSTEP"
"How I poop at the Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell on Jamaica Avenue"
"How I poop when I'm about to watch a new episode of Breaking Bad"
"This makes me laugh every time"
"Like you never did this."
"Unfortunate placement"
"5 Seconds of Summer"
"I'll see your &quot;Awesome Pictures of Obama&quot; and raise you &quot;Softer sides of Hitler&quot;....It's funny how judging character based solely on pictures is completely useless......"
"When it was my last night being a minor and wanted to do something illegal"
"TIL what the most expensive shot in silent film history was"
"Just 5 more minutes..."
"I wanna go higher!"
"yo"
"Telepathic buttsecks"
"Telepathic."
"Miles away"
"Thug Life."
"I swear she said she was 18"
"Robbie Rotten from Lazytown finally arrested for his crimes."
"Dramatic Cupcake dog remembers..."
"The horror..."
"Vietnam Dog has horrible flashbacks... Even Cupcakes can't save him"
"NOOOOOOOooooooooooooo!"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
"Oh no he didn't..."
"Need a little more than &quot;Yesterday&quot; please.. Perhaps a timestamp?"
"Just for you."
"The most awesome gift"
"What most men dream of. If only..."
"Bacon Rock"
"What I think when my sister starts to argue with me"
"Great quote by Thomas Paine"
"Nothing weird going on here..."
"Whats the difference?"
"Iceberg"
"Unicorn preg--- what?"
"CEREAL"
"Beautiful heaven"
"Trees covered in ice"
"What trees look like in Finland."
"Porn fail"
"My reaction to finding out my biology teacher is a creationist."
"I WILL DESTROY YOU"
"How I feel getting frustrated with Super Meat Boy"
"Seeing a link to r/incest and investigating"
"It was downvoted for a reason [x-post from r/funny]"
"Confused baby flamingo"
"What the F**k is wrong with my legs"
"Even Courage Wolf can be sensitive at times ..."
"Wolf hug!"
"Hmm something not so sexy about this..."
"Googled &quot;Julia Roberts crazy laugh.&quot; The results were quite more than satisfactory."
"All will become one"
"One small step for man.. many small steps for another man (my first gifsound  enjoy!)"
"I don't like violence..(x-post)"
"How I felt when I considered posting a funny comment about someone with Downs just for Karma"
"Paranormal Blacktivity 2: Taking Planking to a Whole New Level"
"TIL about a condition called Gangrene which can do this to your foot."
"Don't touch"
"MRW when my girlfriends mom walks in on us fooling around."
"Everytime I visit /r/WTF"
"No title just enjoy."
"When I saw that Harvard was interested in me"
"My reaction after browsing Reddit for a few hours before I noticed it was my cake day."
"How I felt getting an extra hour of sleep last night"
"Dat ass.."
"Dat. Ass."
"Oh don't mind me  just doing a little spring cleaning!"
"Imagine playing  any game you love."
"Perspective"
"every girl's dream"
"What every girl wants"
"...That's enough trying to learn about Japan for the day"
"Never been happier..."
"I came as fast as I could [fixed]"
"When I find a huge chunk of roast beef in my Au Jus cup ..."
"Stop staring into my soul!"
"Steam's Post-Summer Sale Picture Leaked! [X-Post from /r/steam]"
"The bomb squad at my university blew up a bag yesterday"
"Picture Day"
"Your Mind will be Blown"
"I worry about this more than I should."
"Winston Churchill's Plainly Visible Dong"
"Winston Churchill's Plainly Visible Dong"
"If you see someone drowning..."
"My role model ever since I was a child."
"Calvin and Hobbes Anime"
"Erection"
"America  fuck yeah!"
"Going to a bar with a fake ID and seeing a cop at the door."
"Elephant stuff"
"Super Mario 3D"
"If that thing could've worked we would all be fucked."
"Mexican Power Rangers"
"This pretty much sums up my life  and probably yours."
"I was looking up help for a math problem and found this. Was not dissapointed"
"Friend got a speeding ticket the other day. I immediately thought about this."
"An oldie but a goodie"
"You're not alone"
"Recent graduate  job-hunting. This is how it's going."
"how i felt when i got my conservative  Christian friend into Reddit"
"What the Republican National Convention reminded me of"
"The front page is awful today...here is a picture of a rock."
"Mgm knows what's up"
"Reddit's Film Studio."
"Look at my gun!"
"&quot;THE RAINBOW SUNSET&quot;"
"Next time somebody starts talking about marriage and references the bible  ask them if they ok with all the types of marriages found in the bible"
"TIL that Shaq is 19th all-time for most free throws made...."
"Winnipeg psychics and their finest (x-post from /r/winnipeg)"
"I want to see this man photoshopped in front of so many bands..."
"She wanted to try a burger"
"Faith in humanity slightly restored..."
"Look at this puppy."
"Barbie squirts!"
"Now introducing  Awkward Barbie"
"Always wanted a girl like this  to do that."
"Pass the ball to me!"
"Oh you have a mustache on your face? Thats cool..."
"One comes up  the other goes down. Picture of skydiving during a rocket launch"
"8 things we would not know without Wikileaks. (infographic)"
"I look forward to a world where toasters can crossdress without fearing for their own safety."
"BREAKING NEWS: Doctor Who..."
"God help us all!!"
"Obama hair illusion"
"Got air?"
"Looking at my browser history after a shameful session of porn"
"It also falls on all the gods"
"POW! [gif]"
"TI84+ like a boss"
"This guy gets all the bitches"
"Priorities"
"Barney...."
"the nudnik commuter"
"The most awesome part of taking a bath."
"The Smile: Herman Cain Animated GIF"
"Herman Cain watches you masturbate."
"My childhood memories just suicided I think [Semi-NSFW]"
"Please tell me this isn't photoshopped."
"batman goes nomnomnom"
"batman eating magical creatures"
"Omnomnomnom Batman"
"You stop it!"
"Get off the table!"
"table"
"Trees"
"Just doing my job. [NSFW]"
"Los Angeles from the Hollywood Hills"
"The FINAL Definitive News on Lance Armstrong"
"Goddamnit Lance."
"True Size of Africa [2485x1755]"
"Diglet?"
"Zach Galifianakis"
"Halloween has changed"
"The moustache makes all the difference!"
"billy never really fit in with the others"
"Nasa found water on Mars!"
"Astronomy Picture of the Day - Water on Mars"
"This just showed up on my Facebook newsfeed."
"When a cruel joke gets out of hand."
"Bioluminescent Phytoplankton on Vaadhoo Island in the Maldives."
"Simple...but Funny! Still giggling!!!"
"Felis catus leporidae"
"Estonian SS-soldiers playing with a kitten. (Before you downvote me I should point out that in that point the Estonians had no idea of what outricities were happening. They just fought against the Russians.)"
"Nope  still not a single fuck"
"terrifying"
"She want the ph(d)"
"Allison Brie and a kitten. Enough said."
"StrawBEARy"
"because horses."
"Alternate Pac-Men"
"Awesome!"
"hl3 confirmed."
"Seems Legit"
"Who I Imagine is Upvoting all of the Reposts..."
"I double dare ya"
"How I feel on a daily basis..."
"Men..."
"Hey boys.."
"When you see it"
"Gangsta as F*ck"
"I live with three girls."
"Robin Williams"
"uhhhhh what?"
"I came"
"u/JimKB loves animals"
"My best Siri response so far:"
"I hate my iphone now"
"A little comic that r/atheism would like"
"NO."
"Inconsiderate bitch  meet my friend  pavement. Pavement  meet my friend  inconsiderate bitch."
"As a Redditor who only gives upvotes and never has successful posts"
"The ATM at my bar needs this."
"Only in Wisconsin..."
"Let me help you with that  buddy"
"How i looked when my friend said Skrillex was more talented than Mozart."
"When someone sticks their entire hand in a box of cereal ..."
"Which dog is the real one?"
"Three Princeton university students pose after snowball fight 1893 (xpost r/historyporn)"
"Errps!"
"Bowling"
"Bowling"
"When I'm failing an exam and look to the guy next to me for &quot;Inspiration&quot; and he's looking back at me"
"An Amethyst crystal skull"
"What?"
"tan lines say so much about a person"
"Tan lines from typical Summer activities."
"Go home treadmill... you're drunk!"
"Time to get off."
"Possibly the best pitch Barry Zito has thrown in his career"
"&quot;Hubble captures extraordinary view of Universe&quot;"
"The Royal Hangover"
"The girls at the Grammys"
"Inception Ruined..."
"Lava."
"Munich redditor kills a bunch of innocent bystanders then snaps a pic  all for that sweet second-degree karma"
"Ain't no one fuck with tiny hippo. [REPOST]"
"You don't mess with tiny hippo"
"How I feel talking about myself in a job interview"
"fuck you  flowers!"
"EVERY TIME"
"President Elmo on the phone with the Pentagon today"
"Saw this in class today."
"Baby’s First Baby  Now with real Pregnancy Action"
"Super cool vintage image... oh yeah and a robot!"
"Move over  Chris Hemsworth."
"Instead of ever saying yes."
"Superman's Confession"
"This showed up in my newsfeed."
"Do you believe in ghosts?"
"Sliding across hardwood floors while wearing socks"
"Scene of Marge pregnant with Maggie... wait a minute!"
"In this scene Marge is pregnant with Maggie... Wait a minute! x/post from r/thesimpsons"
"Professional genius hackermaster's facebook statuses"
"Doesn't matter  had sex."
"Seagull don't give a shit."
"Tits and pussy"
"Nice &amp; Cozy"
"Torchlight vs Torchlight II"
"All sorts of WTF."
"Halloween at the Vatican"
"Ink in Water (x-post from r/trees)"
"Every dinner with a newly converted Redditor friend."
"When my non-redditor friends show me something funny"
"BILL FUCKING MURRAY"
"whateva whateva (x-post from /r/southpark)"
"The demons..."
"Browsing facebook  when suddenly..."
"Why volleyball is awesome"
"Hot Air Balloons"
"Can somebody Nigel this one?"
"Mario Kart  real life edition."
"Romance."
"What would you do if rockets were striking your cities?"
"The imgur staff takes a group photo"
"Imgur Staff took a group photo. I think we can do better than that."
"One of the great quotes from our tenure in space."
"When I'm white and my favorite rap song comes on [FIXED]"
"Upon finally hitting 2 000 link karma...phew"
"Whenever I see a repost"
"Yep. I know that feeling well."
"Looks like something but I can't quite put my finger in it."
"How I felt when I missed my cakeday"
"How I feel after finally conquering Caribbean vacation constipation."
"Once your comment finally stops getting you karma."
"When realise you own all the best games but are terrible at all of them"
"TIL a lighter spawns a small universe when you flick it."
"My dad wants to hang this in his living room(nsfw?)"
"mosh pit; early beginnings"
"I sent my dog outside as punishment for standing on the dining room table. This was his response.. (Sorry for the quality)"
"Fighting a cold? Try this battle helmet."
"What it feels like getting to make the 1000th upvote.."
"Spot the millionaire [Fixed]"
"Meth  at least once."
"Pac Man breakup issue"
"Legends in history"
"Name These People"
"I'm having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich."
"I gave my life for you"
"How I feel after 365 days on Reddit  and thinking of potential 'karma' possibilities..."
"How i feel when people complain about the word &quot;Swag&quot;"
"Whenever I see Apostolate in a thread."
"Just a happy family sitting on an ordinary couch"
"When you see it..."
"I thought this Optimus Primve vs Jesus comparison chart was stupid  until I got to the &quot;Success Rate&quot; one and it made me think a bit more."
"I love that sound that reddit makes when you upvote a link."
"Fire Man"
"OMG  WATCH OUT!"
"Where do marshmallows come from?"
"Meanwhile in London (obvious xpost from r/WTF)"
"RELIGION is like a PENIS..."
"Indecent Exposure"
"It's not a party until this happens [xpost from pics]"
"After I realize the bug in my room I'm trying to kill can fly."
"My VERY Christian sister-in-law just posted this on her FB. I'm having to really hold back my response!"
"what? I don't even..."
"Consume all of this at the same time."
"I NEED this jacket. You don't understand..."
"That's the spirit"
"Life imitates art"
"Yessss."
"Me too..."
"Violent Panda"
"Just pray about it"
"They can fix you if you're gay AND NOW if you're Asian. ಠ_ಠ"
"I finally found some Facebook gold!"
"The worst part about the upcoming school year"
"Shake  Shake  Shake"
"How to disable a woman [maybe NSFW]"
"Well played  Super Paper Mario."
"Cast Away"
"Its all about attitude"
"Well  that is a great question.."
"I have kept this picture safely hidden on my hard drive for three years [nsfw]"
"Ordinary Batman Adventure Problems"
"That always makes me feel better when I'm sad."
"what the hell [NSWF]"
"Redditor removes the head of a cat and places on a post by his table  reaping the karma that it provides."
"mind = blown"
"What my allergies feel like today"
"So I just found this...."
"Batman not amused."
"A new way to play video games? [NSFW]"
"What do you want to do tonight"
"The best alarm system ever created?"
"Maintenance guy just fixed my A/C! This is me after that first blast of cold air after having sat in 90ºF heat the past few days"
"When I'm going down on my girlfriend and I can tell she's getting close"
"How I feel when the Adderall I took a 1/2 hour ago suddenly kicks in."
"When i beat the chocobo race in FFX on my first try after watching my friend fail at it for hours..."
"Is It Just Me?"
"Adam and Eve flaw"
"Seems legit"
"So apparently this is what us Africans are reduced to considering the price of a Mac."
"Apple. Green Apple"
"Today is the day"
"Albino black people (X/post from r/pics)"
"A lesson in how the world works: the only building in downtown NY with power is owned by Goldman Sachs"
"Fuck the police"
"So very true."
"Bad kitty   wait WUT ?"
"That's enough."
"My sister is in Borneo and sent me this picture. Apparently Orangutans don't enjoy the rain."
"Would you like some Ice Cream?"
"Tardis Rave"
"wait for it"
"The difference between boys and girls"
"Regular like its hot..."
"Chrome Lambo"
"Hi  I'm Clint Eastwood  and I approve this armadillo"
"That wasn't clever  was it?"
"My girlfriend thought these vagina cupcakes were funny...They are a horror."
"My face when I find a dick in a box."
"Glutton for punishment."
"Word."
"Wilford Brimley cat."
"Eat it Bitch. (x-post r/gifs)"
"Best number plate  EVER!"
"Puppies vs. Kids"
"The battle between a pussy and a cock"
"How couches are made"
"What Jersey can do to a girl [fixed]"
"Talk To The Paw!!"
"Meta Photobomb."
"My friend and I when we got to pick lab partners in class."
"ready to wrestle me a man"
"why do they believe everything they hear"
"Yay Deutschland!"
"One chair just isn't enough"
"WTF"
"Surface Tension"
"Truck vs Wind."
"You Shall Not Pass!!"
"Moms will always be there. A very happy Mother's Day from r/aww"
"Feeding time"
"Loading a Naval Gun [GIF]"
"The Subway  Zion National Park  Utah"
"How I learned to use my parents stereo."
"the moment you find out your girlfriends phone died"
"Found this neat style of art."
"Roots. Back to them."
"Attack of the computers!"
"Best improv."
"Eating Wood"
"The splinters......"
"Beans Motherfucker."
"Most epic tattoo ever?"
"It's always good to have a shark as your right arm"
"It's always good to have a shark as your left arm"
"X-Ray of a Stingray"
"AAAAAAAAAAWWWWWW YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA!"
"Erm... ?"
"Oh  Google images... you continue to amaze."
"Thats my dawg."
"Best mime ever"
"Lord of the Rings: GIF Edition"
"Offline Redditor"
"It's impossible!"
"I hope for ANYTHING in life that could possibly bring me a FRACTION of this level of unmitigated joy..."
"I don't think you understand..."
"Tastes good"
"How I feel after landing from a Ryanair flight"
"Binders on binders on binders"
"The Last Time"
"Obese woman eating cheese in public."
"Jesus is always by your side."
"I typed into Google images Nick cage corndog and i saw this..."
"It's almost...scary."
"African American doctors attempting to save a Klu Klux Klan member."
"Piperboy &amp; cat"
"..how about no!?"
"I was getting to it"
"father?"
"Stephen Colbert's Highschool Senior Page"
"Buried yesterday  but I'm convinced &quot;It's Always Sunny&quot; offers the best insight into the current situation in the NFL."
"I have no idea what I'm doing"
"Quick  everyone take a picture"
"When I see a number of people that have gotten twice the karma I have in less than half the time."
"After five unsuccessful posts"
"God: when people ask for a sign he exists."
"Tree roots adapt to surroundings"
"At the zoo"
"How I felt having a family reunion at my house."
"My first day on Reddit"
"*Dies a little inside*"
"everything you want in a man."
"The chair of reddit"
"clifford the big black motherfucker."
"Today  OP was not a faggot."
"Stumbling upon unexpected tits. [Fixed]"
"Good night."
"Crazy Asians"
"Banana WTF"
"My favorite banana gif. Wait  what?"
"Nan Man."
"Banana power?"
"I think he likes bananas"
"Many  many hours were spent here [fixed]"
"You're Welcome"
"Oh snap"
"What is the best way to stop your child from becoming an atheist?"
"Self shot by ISS astronaut Aki Hoshide (Japan)"
"fuck you all...what the hell"
"My exact reaction to getting something everyone said I never would."
"When I post a long  heartfelt story on /askreddit and it gets no upvotes"
"This cat is a dick."
"Overly Manly Man"
"Overly manly man just doesn't get the hype"
"Thats what their called now..."
"Where fries come from."
"So  I googled 'Gypsy scrotum'. Was not disappointed."
"Getting to know Obama's internet Secret Service members"
"Sunset at Ibiza"
"What would be your question?"
"I feel certain this is a repost  but someone please tell me who this girl is. (Cosplay)"
"Tinkerbell (x-post from cosplaygirls)"
"Lots of big words."
"My reaction every time I turn on daytime TV"
"How I feel about this Hurricane as someone living in Philadelphia (Pineapple Express)"
"The most heartless of all savannah creatures."
"Jesus saves"
"Get Well."
"Get well soon!"
"Exiting the Universe"
"Some days  I just want to at myself till I don't exist"
"Chicken! Goood! (lolblackpeople)"
"Recognizing someone in r/gonewild..."
"First photograph ever"
"High five  bro."
"best high five ever!"
"My first cake day and I couldn't think of anything else to post. I have no shame."
"I just realized it's My cake day. does it mean anything.?"
"It's about time someone made this joke"
"how atheists should deal with &quot;afterlife questions&quot;"
"How I feel when somebody new to Reddit hits the front page  and my links get downvoted."
"So my dog goes to work with me.... and my coworker made this gif of her at my desk."
"Depth perception fail"
"No context needed."
"There's something special about this gif. [Fixed]"
"Late for work... Time to Suit Up"
"Maybe?"
"I regret nothing"
"Feel free to die now!"
"How to make a milkshake"
"Shhh...I finally got her to sleep"
"Missing a cat?"
"Is this yours?"
"Hey  mom! Can we keep it!?"
"i found your cat bro..."
"mindBLOWN"
"I don't remember putting this on my computer [NSFW]"
"We all know where the Rainbow really ends"
"It's calling me.."
"Stupid sexy Flanders!"
"This Hallowe'en  I feel like I'm wearing nothing at all...nothing at all...nothing at all..."
"I watched this for literally 5 minutes waiting for them to hit the water..."
"Google's just asking for this to be face swapped."
"Lab Puppy in Footie Pajamas"
"immediately thought of this"
"A cow photo-bombing a horse stuck in a fence"
"The club can't even handle me."
"TREASURE!!!"
"Now  now little buddy.."
"Loading...loading...loading..."
"Every single day..."
"Faggot Dog!"
"This will forever be the funniest thing on the internet to me."
"Anthropomorphic Spider Blowjob [NSFW]"
"I was told this will be appreciated here"
"This is a judgmental lamp. He does not approve of your decisions."
"What Tom Hanks did with his Emmy"
"I mean  what are you gonna do with an Emmy anyways?"
"Robin laid an egg"
"Serene Skyrim"
"helpful kitten"
"Redditors' Dream..."
"Poor rhino.."
"Remember &lt;3"
"another trip to the grocery store..."
"Daily Shopping Trip..."
"How I think I look as a vegetarian shopping for groceries"
"how i felt when i was introduced to reddit"
"Nick Cage on his way home from Las Vegas"
"A majestic male lion reveals his ‘inner cub’ as he becomes fixated on a little butterfly passing by."
"baby platypus"
"Platypus...Platypie...Platapeople? Who cares they are cute"
"Strangest cute you will see today. Baby Duck Billed Platypus"
"Eyedrops[pic] (x-post from r/pics)"
"Eye drop"
"Studying for finals"
"When works got you down."
"How I feel when people randomly jump aboard the downvote train on one my comments"
"Me during the last 15 minutes of work on my last day."
"How I feel at work... everyday.."
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"President Obama meets with Clint Eastwood on the patio outside the White House"
"How I feel when there are no messages on my work phone after my lunch break..."
"Fuck....NOT USA !"
"Where do you wanna go?"
"Meow's dead baby"
"Photobombed by a stingray."
"There's a what behind me? [GIF]"
"Soon..."
"This is how I browse r/new"
"Oh you!"
"One isn't out"
"Cruisin'"
"This is how a(n) FAQ is supposed to look."
"Sure  that seems pretty reasonable."
"Okay"
"Google Zerg Rush"
"Do what it says  then have your mind blown"
"Don't play with fire."
"I can't even comprehend how anyone would think this is a good family photo idea [yeah... probably nsfw]."
"Ok seriously  this is the creepiest idea for a family photo EVER!"
"WTF Is wrong with this family? [NSFWish]"
"Creepiest family photo ever"
"Best family photo of 2012"
"As a Canadian overseas  this is what today felt like."
"Found a shark on my porch.."
"Whenever I see a Facebook Gold post"
"The long climb"
"I didn't say all that stuff I said the last two years!"
"Our president as a hypocrite."
"A car passing through foggy Yosemite Valley"
"Chewbacca vs. the Germans"
"It's just one of those days."
"Fuckin Gumby"
"A year ago i created an account to like this post  and i don't regret it"
"Sweet dreams are made of That 70's Show."
"Sweet dreams are made of That 70's Show.[Gif mashup]"
"And here's a picture of Sand under a Microscope."
"What sand looks like under a microscope."
"the original flame"
"Teenage Mutant Watermelon Turtles!"
"Hey guys  I found it!"
"50 Shades of..."
"Samwise Gamgee has his priorities straight"
"Fuck you puzzle"
"For people who make the front page by posting an animated gif for people to make the front page by complaining about people who make the front page."
"My reaction when someone says they're going to report me to the mods of some shitty little subreddit."
"How I feel after coming out of an exam I know I dominated."
"Pew pew"
"Hostess is going out of business... my first thought."
"Hostess is going out of business and I know someone who is devastated..."
"It's the thought that counts."
"Looks like just a flesh wound."
"Get Well Soon"
"We heard you were a little under the weather"
"live the dream  unicorn cats"
"CATS LOVE IT!"
"Dat chin"
"That's one helluva chin"
"Meat...spin you say?"
"When I try to show my parents a funny video"
"Nigel Sharkberry"
"A lack of crackers."
"Where this fox is trying to go? [x-post from r/gifs]"
"How i feel about all these new memes"
"Adorable kitten hugging the blues away"
"Kitty has teddy"
"I don't even like cats  but..."
"Karma Cat doesn't want to wake up"
"I guess this is the animal world equivalent of the mean older brother."
"Dinosaurs"
"Dont be sad"
"My brother left his account up  and he needs more karma. here is Nicholas Cage as a cat."
"Hangovers are Dangerous"
"No hands"
"Russian penguin"
"He was looking at his wife...?"
"Happy Zlatan"
"Tan Lines"
"Words to live by..."
"MTV"
"Oh God  I love this subreddit."
"Folgers was wrong."
"Fire away!"
"If you look at this gif long enough the upvote shoot backwards"
"I get knocked down."
"No fucks given."
"Destroying N64 Joysticks Since 1996 [FIXED]"
"Fear the beard (really). My friend just snapped this as he was passing the ballpark."
"My single greatest fear in life"
"Ok buddy."
"Circle of life for the everyday student"
"How I feel about stupid things that usually make me angry after a nice bowl."
"What people tell me when I have nothing to post on my 1st cakeday"
"Thought this is appropriate for this subreddit"
"The news in NE America can be summed up with this"
"When people talk about Hurricane Sandy"
"Y'know man  bitches ain't shit but ho's and tricks."
"Cod in a nutshell [Fixed]"
"I dont know if this is a repost  but this is amazing"
"Well Shit"
"Why kitty? Why?"
"When I look at my checking account balance Monday morning after last Friday was payday"
"How I feel after every month I pay money for rent and my car"
"All my friends got Halo 4  they've been sending me messages all night about getting it."
"The most exciting street crossing."
"Spot the difference..."
"my reaction to the front page of r/amiugly"
"Bluths are back"
"Why I don't look out the window at night."
"A brief history of The History Channel"
"Found this on 4chan."
"Sense. This lacks any of it."
"I posted this meme as a response to a statement. Someone replied and asked about the origin of the picture/meme. So reddit  where the hell did this piece of gold come from?"
"No idea what you just said."
"This confuses me every time I look at it..."
"I found this on my phone. I honestly can't remember why I would download this."
"Wha..? I don't even.."
"googled dafuq? i think this is abit wtf."
"Definitely been wondering this lately."
"I feel like I'm the only one who thinks this is a bad idea"
"Well  maybe the Yankees should've shown up for the games...."
"Albino Cyclops Shark!"
"When I noticed the little cake symbol today..."
"Photobombing level: Seal"
"Put them out of their misery"
"Ocarina of Nightmares"
"Oh my God! They are gonna Blow Up..."
"Pocket bike!"
"Impossible."
"He should never shave his mustache again."
"The Queen finishing a sprint"
"I didn't mean to break the internet."
"No Cheating!"
"So... is this why they say once you go black you never go back? (Considerably NSFW)"
"This made me giggle."
"Baby Polar Bear"
"Is it bad that I laughed..."
"Captain America's weakness"
"Gangnam style"
"I love this!"
"The difference between a homeless and a hipster"
"Now that's money"
"nuthin but a G thing"
"Money Money Money"
"Handing 'em out."
"What sorcery is this!? He gives away upvotes  but the amount in his hand remains the same!"
"When I found out the &quot;A&quot; key upvotes"
"To all the commenters in my first successful post"
"Today is special  so I'm giving these out for free"
"Being new to reddit  this is how I felt after visiting /r/aww"
"JUST LET ME CROSS!!!!"
"Oregon Trail Fail"
"I just don't enjoy them like i used to"
"Insertion Sort Rage"
"What I picture people who claim repost look like"
"i want to live here"
"The Existing this place"
"Beautiful Picture. Beautiful City."
"So I was Scumbag Steve for Halloween"
"The average face of women across the world"
"My reaction to pretty much everything"
"Me  after finding pictures of my parents from the 80's."
"So  last night dad finally got hold of mom's copy of 50 shades of grey..."
"I think she's a keeper [FIXED]"
"There's always time to sneak a peek.."
"[x-post from /r/funny] How I respond to people when gaming"
"Kip-up to handstand"
"I see your quote approved in your year book  and raise you this one!"
"Another ridiculous yearbook quote that got approved."
"Stupid allergies"
"I Don't understand why people say the stories in the tabloids aren't real."
"Happy Cinco de Mayo Reddit!"
"Pour me another drink right meow!"
"Not sure what to make of this..."
"Deal with it"
"He's sexy and he knows it."
"How I feel after using girl's shampoo"
"Looking at pictures of ex from a year ago"
"When I try to give someone directions"
"No words [x-post r/gifs]"
"Don't get confused"
"i think you dropped this!"
"Brush'em"
"Is it time to re-post this picture yet? or should i wait a couple more days?"
"How I feel upvoting posts of new"
"soo.. uh yeah. this"
"MY TEETH DON'T HURT ANYMORE. I CAN'T STOP YELLING."
"When a repost of my OC makes the front page"
"How I feel after reading the AMA from the Multi-Millionaire"
"Nick Cage."
"Found This On 3rd Marines Website  lols were had"
"Please love me"
"Listen here noob...."
"Deal with it."
"Hitchcock zoom (Micaël Reynaud)"
"Stumbled on this little bit of internet gold last night"
"&quot;This gif will go with any song&quot; My ass."
"best toilet ever"
"Awkward"
"In response to the &quot;thank God spiders can't fly&quot; meme..."
"My worst nightmare."
"Scientist Discover Winged Spider"
"This can't be real"
"Nope."
"Listening to Kanye West's &quot;Mercy&quot;"
"Aren't sloths adorable"
"It also rhymes with willing."
"Rape"
"The world lost a great man fifteen years ago today  RIP CARL SAGAN."
"Tom Cruise &amp; Katie Holmes are divorcing?"
"When someone tells me they're vegan"
"When I heard Kim Kardashian is pregnant with Kanye's baby"
"When someone tells me I posted in the wrong subreddit"
"Screw the economy  this Is gonna be the biggest issue for our children's children"
"My #1 favorite picture of all time..."
"Saw this on FB  had to share"
"Shepard's Delight."
"Dat Ass (SFW)"
"You had ONE job Nike!"
"Redditor's dream house [fixed]"
"Oh  japan... (NSFW)"
"Let's bring WTF back to it's roots (again)[NSFW]"
"Animorphs"
"Sometimes to become a lion  you must first become a dogg"
"If Snoop Dogg wrote a children's book."
"So this popped up on the FB"
"Aww yeah"
"Warning sticker on Chris Brown's new album."
"When somebody makes a joke about Australia being upside down"
"When somebody makes a joke about Australia being upside down"
"Can't. Stop. Watching."
"A jeopardised mashup"
"Now I'd like to take a minute and tell you the Lore of how I became King of a realm called Gondor"
"My childhood has officially ended. Cookie monster is dead"
"I don't even..."
"New way to play guitar !!"
"NO!!!whatthefuckMINEyouass......i'll fig-.......... Okay  never mind"
"Teaching 'creation' science"
"I got 99 cookies-"
"How I feel returning to school after winter break."
"TIL Quagmire is lefthanded."
"From left to right: Han Solo  Darth Vader  Chewbacca  Leia  Luke Skywalker and R2D2"
"After the comment  I knew this had to be made"
"a Dirt-bike having a wonderful time"
"When you see it"
"How I feel when I score a good bag."
"My attempts to study for finals"
"ungrateful weezy."
"Cthulhu breaks it down"
"I'd be fine if he didn't look at me with those eyes..."
"I Can't Believe This Just Happened!"
"Every new post to r/funny for next few minutes"
"Well  this is unfortunate."
"Unfortunate page layout there."
"Didn't think to check the layout of both pages  huh?"
"Post workout diarrhea shakes help replenish much needed nutrients."
"For those of us who are 6 feet tall and under 200lbs"
"How I feel browsing reddit lately..."
"Come on  folks..."
"What i'm thinking watching the Olympic's opening ceremony"
"No more... please!"
"Jesus continues to be a dick"
"Need this."
"I lol'd"
"Couldn't say it better."
"As every dog knows..."
"Voice of Reason"
"How I see most &quot;trolls&quot; on the Internet."
"Perfectly Timed Picture!"
"Not all of Australia is terrifying."
"a better ending for lost"
"Lost. The real ending."
"soo this moth kinda looks like a poodle.."
"Venezuelan Poodle Moth"
"Venezuelan Poodle Moth. NOPE!"
"For my first post in r/aww  I give you... a moth?!"
"I see your Blue Dragon and raise you the Venezuelan Poodle Moth"
"No such thing as a cute bug? I give you the Venezuelan Poodle Moth."
"Perspective is Everything (credit: twistedsifter.com)"
"POW! Right in the kisser. (NSFL?)"
"My attitude towards most things in life. [GIF]"
"Driving in LA"
"People are starting to bail out of my Diablo 3 release party. My response...."
"Dear James Holmes - Imgur"
"How i feel when my post gets downvoted to oblivion."
"Fuck you."
"Creepiest Cat I've Seen All Day."
"How I feel about all of the recent weight-loss success stories."
"Kramer the turkey"
"&quot;Intense&quot; is an understatement!"
"Ending a dry spell"
"How I feel coming out of a dry spell..."
"My friends wall-paper... Why?"
"I miss playing Mario Kart 64. Decided to recreate some of the tracks. [2]"
"cat problem"
"Tranquility"
"what a car bomb exploding looks like (GIF)"
"I see your Rowling and raise you a Simmons"
"SPOILER ALERT: Ending to Batman Movie (GIF)"
"watching Gangnam Style  when suddenly!"
"How am I supposed to read this?"
"Repost."
"True BFFs"
"Dear God  WHY?!"
"She is 42 years old [EXPLAINED]"
"When you see it..."
"This is why flamethrowers were invented."
"Too late now  NASA is on its tail."
"A bad case of 'the humans'"
"Breaking Bad halloween!!"
"Ran into this on facebook  never go full retard."
"Everyday on /r/amiugly"
"Not Sure if Repost"
"One of my favorite all-time gifs."
"goooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!"
"Mind Blowing Celebration"
"Boom!"
"Get out of my seat!"
"I just googled &quot;the weirdest photo ever&quot;.... Google delivers"
"I don't know what the fuck is happening here  but I know I don't like it."
"I Don't Even..."
"Dah fuq"
"She wants your D  bro!"
"Just something from my collection[4chan]"
"How I farm Karma."
"How I feel after spending the best part of 6 months on Reddit."
"This is what I think of all the reposts that still make me laugh."
"How I feel when everyone is freaking out about graduation."
"When someone tells me they went to the gym last night"
"Facebook posts"
"I caught part of the MTV Music awards last night. All I have to say is &quot;AND THE AWARD GOES TO.......&quot;"
"My reaction whenever I see a post that starts out &quot;My school had a dress up day...&quot;"
"Ghost ride the whip"
"I've got the house to myself for a few days. Time to party!"
"Mordecai and Rigby with getting their various grooves on"
"Awroo"
"Like father like son"
"A Young Chewbacca. That is all."
"This dog is cooler than you and it knows it"
"Wat? ._."
"How I take advantage of steam sales (x-post from r/funny)"
"Steam sale ends soon"
"Round and round and round"
"How I felt today trying to learn about Higgs boson"
"How I feel today trying to follow the Higgs boson stuff.[FIXED]"
"Every time my fiance tries to explain something to me about building computers."
"Whenever my dog runs at me with muddy paws. True story."
"Transformers more than meets the eye!"
"This is how genetics work [PIC]"
"I don't care how advanced gaming gets  this will always be my favorite RTS"
"Paradise in picture form"
"Get out the way"
"I agree with what /r/atheism says. But seeing it flood the front page looks like this."
"The most ironic meme on the internet."
"Hey r/gaming! Let's all cry more about Endings  DLC  corrupt game companies  EA  and whatever else we can think of."
"Beating a dead horse"
"A drawing of 2Pac and Biggie Smalls pouring a 40oz of Colt 45 over Atticus Finch's chest."
"Santa  no!"
"How I feel after 1 day of not looking at r/atheism..."
"How I feel getting endless amounts of letters from colleges"
"My view on college freshmen."
"Adopted pup"
"Puppy staying warm"
"Military budget cuts"
"Dear Fox News... No. Just... no."
"My friend won a local pumpkin carving contest- waddya think reddit?"
"Say Your Father's Name"
"No f*cks were given"
"I think he is in here"
"Gingervitis"
"Eight-year old Make-A-Wish child Janiya Penny reacts after meeting President Barack Obama"
"Cats need to know the weather too!"
"How I feel every time I look to see how much I have in the bank.."
"Me when I realize its the woman's turn to drive in our work carpool."
"Shit's about to go down."
"i cant be the only one..."
"How I felt reading all the anti-islam posts....."
"How I feel when I get on reddit"
"Just recently. . ."
"Let the hate flow..."
"It's the little things that really bug me"
"Look at me  I'm swimming!"
"Anne Hathaway is so silly."
"He lives!"
"He must be from Canada"
"Clumsy infomercial people"
"Useful little app"
"Luscious Locks x-post r/fancyfollicles"
"Winterfell Weather Center"
"Daisy begs for it."
"How I feel giving upvotes in new submissions"
"How I feel when somebody says YOLO"
"Walking around the teenage-infested mall on a Friday"
"WHO SAID YOLO?! WHO SAID IT?!"
"After a year of Reddit  that is how I see everyone in here."
"yolo  repost"
"Punch Bowl Falls - California"
"Super Cat!"
"So close."
"So close."
"Yep  he should have died."
"The Reddit Invasion"
"Probably a repost  but there is an infographic about Reddit !"
"The Cosbys."
"Haters gonna hate"
"They see me rollin'"
"Today is the last day of my 8-year commitment to the US military. This is how I feel."
"An animated graphical illustration of the ongoing futility of front page attainment."
"Trying to find good content on r/new"
"I Have Found Gold"
"infinite slide"
"Nyan slide cat"
"Run kitty  run!"
"Achoo!"
"How does this possibly end well?"
"Fire tits"
"Poor || Rich [pic]"
"The weak are meat and The strong do eat"
"How I feel joining a Fantasy Football League for the first time"
"Where Do Astronauts Hang Out?"
"Feet to head  everyone's dead."
"Nope. Never fucking with a bull. [NSFW]"
"Oppa Gotham Style"
"Oppa Gotham Style (X-post r/funny)"
"Pulpit Rock  Norway"
"This cat is the best around"
"Power Training"
"its not filthy in here"
"When my dentist tells my I need a Root Canal while I'm at a [5]"
"How the mothers of the kittens feel when redditors come along and steal their babies."
"Walking into McDonalds with a 5 dollar bill."
"Payday and Taco Bell releases Doritos Tacos."
"Walking into McDonald's with over $5"
"When my girlfriend tells me her period is over"
"When I recall to base with 3k gold."
"When no one is home  and i want to masturbate."
"Your Argument Is Invalid"
"X-Post from HistoryPorn  a 'Most Beautiful Eyes' competition."
"This will forever make my day a bit better."
"idk why but I just burst out laughing every time I see it"
"Still my favorite pic.."
"On Turning 25..."
"'Merica"
"Sack Attack"
"Good guy luke"
"How it should be!"
"Gather the troops."
"The time has come fellow redditors"
"If I didn't already know what seal (the singer) looked like...this is how I'd picture him"
"Party hard"
"I don't have a title for this  I just like to stare at it"
"He's in his prime"
"Who said fish couldn't be happy?"
"There's nothing you really can say about this"
"Caught one!"
"Another fishy faceswap"
"Atheists have the biggest vaginas"
"He strikes again!"
"Robble Robble"
"Baby Bat Yawning {fixed}"
"Does anyone know what this is from?"
"Attention to detail"
"BREAKING NEWS!!1"
"So i googled Nicolas Cage for once."
"Nicholas Cage as E.T."
"this is how breaking a bubble looks like"
"A shot of the Arizona dust storm this year."
"When I play an online game  and a young kid lectures me on how he will kill my family after I tell him he sucks."
"Imagine the ratings"
"The ultimate dinner party..."
"Bitches gotta love Nemo"
"Bill Nye"
"Kitten in a shopping basket"
"Just heading to the store..."
"Wilt Chamberlain and Andre the Giant -- holding up Arnold Schwarzenegger (on the set of Conan)! [PIC]"
"Soldiers of the internet"
"Yet another theory..."
"Fastball"
"Went to a party and hooked up with a girl that has no friends. Now she texts me 400 times a day. I feel like..."
"what"
"what"
"what"
"This has to be the cutest dog that i have ever seen."
"Hihi! That tickles!"
"Cute little dog giggling!"
"What's the best way to milk a sheep?"
"Living the college dream!"
"50 Shades of Awesome."
"My junk when wearing boxer briefs after being a tighty whitey guy my whole life"
"How I  as a female  feel about the SJ pics."
"Oh the things you find on 4chan."
"That's one hell of a pot hole."
"Shark swimming in the streets after Hurricane Irene hit Puerto Rico"
"Walter Flanders"
"Can I get a push?"
"Awkward"
"Life as a single woman [FIXED]"
"Happy day after Thanksgiving!"
"Actually bought a tear to my eye (re-post from /r/futurology)"
"From the dream of yesterday... [xpost /r/Frisson]"
"Welcome to Australia"
"I'm not sure what to do here..."
"Well Tesco  if you insist..."
"I'd rather not  thanks"
"Stop Hitting Yourself"
"How it should've gone down"
"Stop Hitting Yourself"
"How I feel when I let someone copy my homework then they complain because they can't read it."
"Pandas are dicks"
"Diglett"
"Binders"
"How i feel browsing new posts"
"Leroy has done it again"
"One of my favorite pictures from a train."
"When I try to make any sort of post to reddit."
"The foundation of religion."
"The Fonz - Then and now. Aaayyy!...."
"C&amp;H"
"Just a little mutual respect between pop-stars"
"How I feel when texting a girl I like"
"This game needs a sequel."
"Rainbow"
"om nom nom nom..."
"Every time. I laugh at this every time."
"How I feel trying to make an argument on reddit"
"When you think you're going to destroy a test but barely pass..."
"The greatest feeling ever."
"The Joe Rogan experience."
"Whenever I see a stupid comment"
"Best corgi gif ever"
"I love horses"
"... Wat?"
"Sick  sick  horses"
"Yeah  i'll just open reddit for a bit and then get back to work"
"I hate water"
"Say Cheese!"
"Theyyyyyyy're acceptable!"
"Playing some would you rather  when..."
"Gamers I heard you like your private space"
"Time keeps on slipping  slipping  slipping..."
"Killed with Kindness"
"When I misspell sumthing"
"Lock!"
"How keys work"
"How door keys work [x-post]"
"I think Reddit will like this one."
"I FUCKING LOVE STRAWBERRIES!!"
"Well said."
"Never stops making me laugh"
"Hmm  something suspicious is going on here."
"An eerie reminder of 11 years ago  today."
"The Founding of our Nation (x-post from /r/WTF)"
"Is it bad I couldn't stop laughing?"
"The Last Supper"
"Out of nowhere  a wild chinchilla appears."
"An interesting argument."
"SCIENCE"
"Stretch out the intestine"
"Breadcrumbs."
"Taking Grandma for a Spin"
"Oh Steve.."
"Steve Jobs giving the finger to IBM"
"Steve Jobs giving IBM the finger in 1983"
"My reaction when a good female friend tried convincing me that her ex bf would delete all the nude photos she sent him over the years....."
"When a childless friend gives me parenting advice."
"When my friend says Tyga is a better rapper than Common and Mos Def"
"You don't want me to upvote your post?"
"I don't know if this has been posted before  but this .gif is awesome!"
"It's that cat again."
"Any Pokemon Fans? A family of Diglet and Digtrios"
"I did a little bit of imgurroullete then this popped out"
"Getting a C in college"
"Just got into grad school"
"Can someone help me find the video context the YEAH! FUCK YEAH! came from?"
"In an otherwise lonely existence  I had my first kiss last night."
"NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO"
"Meanwhile in Sweden."
"It has now spread to Pokemon."
"What on earth possessed someone to do this pose...in a dress?"
"I see your duck face and go all in with this"
"Focus"
"I'm liable to go Michael  take your pick"
"How to be a dick. Step 1"
"Really cute...and pretty impressive too."
"you do this so well."
"My friends test in summer school.."
"David Dang is a test-taking Genius!"
"This kid is a genious...we should all strive to be like him!!!"
"Summer school success!"
"This guy deserves a medal"
"Your mother and a host of other things that are funny"
"My sister has this picture in her room..hopefully not a repost!"
"Emo girl with knife.. That can't end well!"
"Optical Illusion at Paris town hall"
"Sup"
"Karma  Karma  Karma  Karma  Karma Chameleon!"
"Amazing chameleon photo"
"Rainbow Chameleon"
"Reddit in a nutshell"
"An interesting chart - belief in evolution vs national wealth"
"swag + hagrid. that is all."
"As an engineering student  I have this problem."
"The Hovercat"
"Laughing soo hard right now"
"Anyone in an 8 AM class"
"That's a great point but..."
"Whenever I'm barely awake and my roommate starts cooking."
"The Beatles - Abby Road GIF"
"So today I found out I'll be moving from Europe to the bible belt..."
"As a muslim on reddit... this is how I felt when I saw r/atheism today"
"My reaction when my mom wanted to switch from Verizon to Sprint"
"When I heard Disney would be producing Star Wars Episode 7"
"Excuse me  Chicago school lunch comin through..."
"Riding a Mexican Pig"
"nothing much  just Salvador Dali taking his anteater for a walk."
"You will never be this interesting"
"I'll let this speak for itself"
"As a 26-year-old woman  I remember these guys being far sexier..."
"Meanwhile in Fukushima..."
"When Someone Walks in Front of Me and Then Walks Slower Than I Do"
"Don't you touch me!"
"When someone else gets blamed for your fart."
"Saw a Soldier costume and reminded me of this picture"
"hedgehog!!!"
"Baby porcupine"
"Once you visit this room  you'll never see sunlight again."
"Chuck Norris Vs Slender Man"
"Can I please come in"
"if the black knight dj'd"
"'Tis but a scratch"
"The Black Knight"
"A PSA from English [PIC]"
"Obama looks a little satisfied"
"What now Atheists?"
"So a deer walks into a bar..."
"With confidence... [xpost /r/india]"
"'Merica"
"Just a redditor browsing r/gonewild... (SFW)"
"When my girlfriend confirms we'll be having sex."
"Baby Koala"
"How I imagine a girl looking right after posting to gonewild (SFW)"
"Work knows I have three job offers but I haven't handed in my resignation yet."
"Don't trust the internet"
"Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"Evolution of Joseph Gordon-Levitt (repost from /r/gifs)"
"Always thought this fit the best."
"Whopper With 1050 Bacon Strips"
"How r/IAmA must feel after Terry Crews  Obama  and Nick Offerman within a week"
"My karma went from 1 to 5 overnight!!"
"How I feel after looking through everything I've saved during my first year on Reddit"
"one slap for millions"
"He ain't a prodigy"
"Conan o'brien knows how to dance"
"I NEED the video of this gif.."
"Ugh..White People!"
"Jessica Mad Moxxi Cosplay"
"The End of All Hope (x-post from r/Gifsound)"
"Googled &quot;Arnold Schwarzenegger as a kid&quot;..."
"Jus sayin."
"Every morning when I have to wake up early"
"The Adventures of Lord Mario"
"Not music or movie  but was instant frisson to me. One of the people killed today was known by many in my online communities so this show of support was a balm."
"Best costume I've seen this year"
"A life changing spice"
"When you see it you will aww."
"He loves his kitty."
"This is how I feel when I try to get an upvote from the reddit community."
"&quot;Don't bother!&quot;"
"Krusty in his youth"
"Where do I find these!?"
"You can't have the X Factor  THIS IS ENGLAND!"
"Sleepy Sloth"
"A yawning baby sloth."
"We all are  Emily... we all are"
"Fucks given by this chicken? 0."
"Chick swags"
"Where are you?"
"The most bad ass crew you will ever fucking meet! Don't get on their bad side  these sons of bitches don't forgive!"
"Could watch this for days"
"don't stop.... really..."
"this is hypnotizing"
"These Christians get it...."
"This made my day!"
"Meanwhile  in Canada (x-post from /r/Canada)"
"This is an actual picture from book about dinosaurs I had to read at my Christian private school. Seems accurate."
"Don't make fun of me  I was born this way!"
"hope your not pee shy"
"So judgmental!"
"Bless You"
"At least it happened in the showers..."
"Well that's never happened before..."
"Bless you!"
"Germs are scary"
"So i came down with the Flu  and this is probably my worst fear right now"
"Re: Rain in Ireland... Then the locals moved in to have a wash"
"So that bit of rain in Ireland at the train station  Well......yeah...we got this shit."
"I showed my sister Gangnam Style about a month ago. she just sent me this..."
"GANDALF STYLE!"
"No Passing Style"
"Hey sexy..lady?"
"How I feel being with a girl that has &quot;been around&quot;"
"Permpkern Sperce"
"Release The Kraken!"
"Release The Kraken !"
"Release The Kraken !"
"Me when I wake up"
"Dumbo"
"I will get this shirt when I have a kid."
"On the irony of Muslims protesting violently"
"MITT DAMON"
"Obama's daughter asks him to go to Justin Bieber concert with her..."
"When people say &quot;I can hear your music&quot;"
"It is so confusing when people do this..."
"What children’s skulls look like as they prepare to lose their baby teeth"
"When I realize that I am manually breathing"
"what i picture everytime i think of a troll"
"How I imagine SupermanV2 posting a Bane meme about taking down OAG AMA"
"What I imagine the down voting reddit machine looks like"
"When my boss starts trying to explain how it wasn't his fault we lost our client..."
"Blending in."
"Dont always assume"
"When I find an onion ring in my order of fries"
"Our childhood friends"
"Uhm.. not sure that's what Republicans were aiming for when they set that up..."
"Poor sign placement"
"The perfect picture. They're oblivious to the irony."
"thanks Target  I now know what college essentials are"
"So I went to Famous Dave's for the first time..."
"Anyone else remember these wonderful elixirs?"
"Deal with it."
"Life is funny sometimes."
"This room. I want it  and now you do too."
"Subway map"
"a cat. all snuggled up in a beard."
"Getting a New Monitor"
"Daler Monkey: Tunak Tunak Tun"
"Found this gif on WTF and had to do this."
"How I feel when there's not enough time for the other team to defuse the bomb."
"I don't know about you all  but THIS is my all time favorite gif"
"How to dance  LIKE A 'MURICAN!"
"Even though Obama won  both parties can be happy about this..."
"When I realize I've done something completely wrong on a math homework assignment AFTER turning it in."
"Never ending cats are evil"
"I could watch this forever."
"Just a black Nazi dwarf"
"zalgo hates mondays"
"How reddit feels after they heard about SOPA today."
"When I realized EotW is right around the corner"
"How I feel now that my boss is a redditor"
"When the power goes out in class  and my teacher says there will be a early dismissal."
"As someone with no successful posts  this is how i feel with each upvote"
"Rainbows from a candle."
"HIFW coming up after holding my breath too long underwater."
"One of the many reasons I love Target"
"Batman Style"
"Defending his home from demolition."
"Felt the need to share"
"Posting another Space Shuttle pic?"
"To everyone upvoting YOLO posts"
"Whenever someone touches something of mine without permission."
"Silly kitty  you're not a bunny!"
"My face when I realize that OP hosted anywhere but imgur."
"Every time I browse r/ggggg"
"&quot;What do you mean my ball has gone&quot;"
"My three pound chihuahua wearing a sombrero and enjoying life."
"Everything about this is awesome."
"Obama preparing the upcoming debate"
"Every time my girlfriend drags me to yoga and we use the balls."
"You can tell by the way I use my walk  I’m a woman’s man  no time to talk"
"Peace bitch."
"If anyone was curious what a fixed point in time and space looks like…"
"The Chinese language is a trip sometimes."
"This is why Chinese is hard."
"That moment when I realized I've ended up in the weird part of YouTube and everything is in another language."
"Saw the idea earlier this week and decided to give it a try"
"Fail cat jump. I laugh every time"
"The leap of faith [Gif]"
"how i feel getting downvoted  why do i even try?"
"The Felix Baumgartner of the cat world."
"when you see it"
"Punching fail"
"Checkmate!"
"In honor of Earth day...a recycled post."
"I left all my Spring Break homework until Sunday  ended up not doing anything"
"So ya know there's that gif/music combiner..."
"I regret nothing"
"One year gone. GPA down .4 already. My cakeday thoughts."
"When I woke up this morning and remember all of the shit I did last night..."
"My buddies convinced me it would be a good idea to go out drinking last night  this is me in class right now."
"stand the fuck back"
"Scumbag Cow - Hey horse need help? Quick  take a picture!"
"Whenever I'm lazy and someone asks me to do something"
"Epic bachelor win."
"As a Canadian  this is how I felt during the US heatwave."
"How I feel after just starting to watch arrested development and seeing all the related posts"
"When my wife tells me it's time to come to the bedroom."
"Waking up on a Sunday only to realize Monday is a holiday"
"getting 70 upvotes on first post"
"Zynga's original ideas never cease to amaze me"
"Princess Leia &amp; Stunt Double Sunbathing on Tatooine While Filming Return of the Jedi"
"The Indoctrination"
"Remember  Remember  the fifth of November"
"I guess everyone has their obsessions"
"Me watching my young brother and sisters eat"
"I demand a remake."
"I'm sorry "
"That's pretty ruff"
"Srsly Guise"
"How I imagine Mountain Dew's PR people reacted when they saw the names submitted by 4chan."
"Black Monopoly"
"I see your other Monopoly's and raise you Black Monopoly."
"so upsetting!"
"Nicki Minaj has another single."
"Just realized I missed my cakeday"
"Not a single fuck was given that day."
"killer whale kitty (x post from r/funny)"
"Killer pussy."
"King of the ocean"
"That awkward moment with Seth Rogen."
"This guy needs to be a meme"
"Remembering that I forgot my first Reddit cake day."
"How I felt on my 18th birthday."
"The perfect cover"
"Funny Youtube Comment"
"The best"
"How I feel when customer service goes right..."
"Still my favourite gif on the internet."
"loved the animated show this made me laugh"
"found in a library book"
"Can someone tell what the hell is going on?.."
"Just a tiny bit off balance"
"Tree swallows sign"
"I don't give a fuck"
"Today is my Cake Day  but I have so much homework"
"I don't give a fuck"
"When my attractive male friend says he's excited to see me when I get back in town."
"Darth Bad Ass"
"Redditor unleashes poisonous butterflies on innocent kitten for some sick sick karma"
"When its not even lunch and I'm already out of blue links..."
"Trying to read Obama's AMA under heavy load"
"Can You Guess What McDonald’s Food Item This Is?"
"This is what McDonalds Chicken McNuggets look like before they are cooked. WTF?"
"I have a unique way of enjoying my icecream..."
"In Borderlands 2 when i find a weapon with multiplied damage"
"Oh I see well here is a... KICK TO DA FACE"
"Cutest lamp you ever saw"
"It might be on a BIT too tight..."
"Mind-blowingly perfect reflection [X/Whoadude]"
"Does thins ring a bell? (A repost from my hard drive.)"
"It's shit like this  Facebook"
"Meanwhile on Facebook..."
"Just came across this on Facebook..."
"My girlfriend captioned this &quot;Well  that escalated quickly&quot;"
"It's shit like this fb"
"Door? No time!"
"When I see my ex at a party"
"Cuteness Overload!"
"&quot;Find the breadsticks&quot;"
"Fuck You Biscuits"
"Red Bull Gives you wings."
"Guess there wasn't enough food in the ocean"
"..."
"I tried to restore my rice and beans"
"Todd Akin - the &quot;legitimate rape&quot; guy - has a wife that looks like Todd Akin in a dress."
"It's 3:18am  have a selection of my cat gifs."
"What a clumsy thief."
"She takes the whole thing!"
"Cat's Pajamas"
"Smashing book"
"Icons of music meet CD artist  awesomeness ensues"
"Surreally good breakfast"
"Hearts  stars  and horseshoes. Clovers and blue moons.."
"&quot;Natural&quot; Canadian Flag"
"Fire Juggling"
"No  they don't."
"Found this on my newsfeed  made me giggle."
"Science"
"I love Aperture Science"
"I need this on my wall!"
"Today I was at the mall blasting music..."
"The greatest success in human history!"
"When I log back in to see unexpected karma."
"these are a few of my favourite things."
"Oh jebus"
"Nom"
"After 2 links deep into /r/spacedicks"
"Ridiculously unphotogenic High School Alice Cooper. He looks like he actually has gotten younger since."
"Remember Trypophobia?"
"Remember Trypophobia?"
"Did I do this well enough?"
"Anyone who plays battlefield gets this"
"Oh now y'all get back up﻿ inside me now little mouth"
"Come... let us go dancing."
"This did not belong in r/funny in my opinion"
"Wasps"
"Wasp."
"Out of the three  I think the Hulk was the most rational"
"Googled funniest Nicolas Cage pictures. Was not disappointed."
"How I see internet explorer"
"A baby giraffe. That is all."
"How I feel as a Brit seeing all the U.S summer posts"
"How omegle feels with the sudden influx of trolls."
"When I'm driving home with a broken window."
"mfw my OC gets no love yet half the posts on the front page are reposts"
"Im native american this is how i feel when i see someone littering"
"Disciplinary letter"
"Made it to the 3rd day of No Fap September. This is how I feel right now..."
"Self-control Picard beats &quot;no fap september&quot;"
"Ronald Raygun {1920x1080}"
"HIFW a bee lands on me"
"Overly attached sportscar"
"Liam and me  we're gonna fuck you up."
"Rick Santorum"
"Would you vote for this guy?[NSFW]"
"Why we won WWII"
"My reaction to no fap September"
"NSFW...oh  wait. It's totally SFW."
"The bride makes his entrance."
"Isaac can not bring us down"
"MFW I walk in the door of the Youth Group Home I work at. 8/9 kids are Autistic and ADHD."
"Heard you like Nutella.."
"Chocolate face"
"Crab Knights"
"Arguing on the internet."
"A cat with a hat"
"Facebook notification rage"
"When I try to post something on r/funny"
"How I feel as a Floridian reading everyone else complain about how their summer is too hot."
"I think the picture speaks for itself."
"I'm off to bed."
"How I feel when my posts yield no karma...add this one to the pile."
"How I feel after a back to back to back committee meeting  exam and research presentation. [PIC]"
"Monday"
"The Redditor's Apprentice"
"Never ending karma"
"Just shows how great Muhammad Ali really was"
"Here fishy fishy fishy.."
"Facebook has done it again..."
"How to easily identify a porcupine"
"It doesn't take a genius... Ouch (First)"
"Samsung; &quot;It doesn't take a genius&quot; - FIXED"
"What the new Samsung/Apple comparison should look like."
"Your momma's so fat..."
"Invisible nunchucks"
"Handsome Josh"
"I think all cats want this"
"The kids from the Magic School Bus are all grown up....and still kickin ass"
"When someone shows me something from 9gag."
"Fuck you if you bring this to the movie theater. [fixed]"
"Fuck you if you bring this on a plane."
"Fuck you if you bring this to the movie theater. [fixed]"
"[fixed]Fuck you if you bring this into my life"
"How I feel after an afternoon nap"
"What it felt like waking up after daylight savings time ended"
"How i feel after a long nap"
"The look on my cat's face after he gets himself shut in the closet"
"Writing checks to pay my bills..."
"Every time RES loads a cached version of Reddit"
"What I say when ordering a bottle of wine"
"How I feel waking up every morning after being unemployed for almost 3 months."
"So Many Reposts Today...."
"How I feel when I accidentally fall asleep for three hours and the wake up."
"My attempt on getting on the first page"
"I feel that this sums up my long awaited cake day perfectly."
"Fluffy Happy Clouds"
"So that's how it's made..."
"Heartless"
"Paints with Shadows and Light"
"Wish this was easier for some theists to grasp"
"Abandoned Sea Forts"
"Juked them hard"
"This kid shit himself."
"That's it  I quit."
"Just found out that The Office is ending"
"Horse visiting it's neighbors"
"The Perfect Prank"
"how i feel subscribing to r/trees while on probation..."
"The truth about female biology."
"kamehameha!"
"Want to play?"
"For the bronies"
"The Progression of Meth Addiction"
"The Dangers of Meth Addiction"
"Stunning fish"
"Up close and personal"
"My whole life has been a lie..."
"Tell me Collin..."
"I was just redditing &amp; I got this crazy idea in my head  and I had to make it right away. I present to you all... Colin Mochrie Style!"
"Interesting - tell me more."
"90% of the time browsing r/funny"
"World perceptions"
"Close enough."
"I see how Americans view the world and raise you how Americans and Europeans view each other ;)"
"It's funny because it's true."
"How I look when someone wakes me up for no reason"
"4 owl babies"
"But... Wha... Uh..."
"She like pussy..."
"Hitler  has joined the game (Warning: this is a long gif)"
"Fireworks  when the camera refocuses during the explosion (x-post from r/ITookAPicture) [PIC]"
"Genius."
"Animal puns"
"Animal Puns! MADE MY DAY"
"Next on Mawry:"
"Pig in Boots"
"Keep your chin up  they said. You can be anything  they said."
"Electric Pole Hanging After a Wild Fire"
"D: STAHP"
"I give no fucks."
"My face when I heard my sister is pregnant"
"And IIIIIII..."
"They say I could be anyone when I grew up. It's not true"
"This belongs here: Grooms seeing their brides on their wedding days for the first time [xpost r/pics]"
"This gif isn't worki.. !!!"
"After I have posted my favorite gif  then realize someone posted the same thing a day earlier"
"Mitt Romney triying to hit President Obama on what the President said about Libya the Rose Garden."
"You laugh  you lose"
"Why I can't watch CSI any more."
"Catwoman is on her period...."
"Jason W. Barnham  on trial for allegedly shooting a police officer [611x418](x-post r/wtf)"
"Those crazy  beautiful Russians."
"Not sure if repost  not sure if WTF  I am sure this is effecting me"
"Spider Milkshake nuff said......"
"He's in for one nasty time-out"
"&quot;Sir  I told you to stay in your car.&quot;"
"Leap of faith"
"world's most wealthy and influential philanthropists all in one room. (net worth included  sorry Bon Jovi)"
"Titans of Philanthropy in one picture"
"Japan's idea of pillows"
"As a person who knows nothing about Skyrim  but sees all the hype for it on Reddit..."
"Reddit these days"
"My new wallpaper"
"My Face When Someone Makes It To The Front Page Posting Something I Already Posted"
"When I realise I'm being down-voted for being new to Reddit."
"After my boss gives me extra work  then walks away."
"My inner child when I can´t find a gif of Ducky(The Land Before Time) saying &quot;yep yep yep&quot;!"
"One of my favorite gifs"
"When I come home to see my roommates eating my food."
"Now that we're back to reposts and no longer costume/pumpkin OC..."
"Hypnotic"
"This Picture Will Mess With Your Mind."
"What  no grumpy cat memes??"
"Zach Weiner's preachy attempt to kill YOLO"
"I just  why can't other countries be as funny as Japan?"
"damn  owls  you creepy."
"Nothing to see here..."
"bath salts...that is all."
"How I see my housemates whenever I bring my gf over(which is why I don't)"
"Can we please have another Metroid side scroller? Or at least a remake of Super Metroid and Fusion?"
"Canada has Milk Bags  China has..."
"Whenever I use bad puns expecting them to be funny."
"He looooves traveling"
"When I wake up after sleeping through a six hour car trip"
"First time in a coffee shop in Amsterdam at [0]"
"Charizard use Blast Burn!!"
"Tom Cruise has a secret weapon..."
"Mission ImPokemon"
"That's a bridge that's usually about 12 ft above the water. SAANDDYY!!!!"
"Why I don't bother planking."
"I think it's time to hit the gym"
"After finally getting RES  when I see someone I've upvoted before"
"When the car behind me runs the red light after I do"
"When I found out Ders had the same comforter as me."
"Fuck the Police [gif]"
"Fuck the Police"
"Golf"
"Golf"
"So I started writing my personal statements for college aps..."
"A friend of mine spotted this intrepid bus rider on the way to class. Hardcore parkour!"
"Holy shit"
"I'm the Batman"
"More Milk Alfred."
"The Hero Reddit Deserves  Not the one it needs"
"Junk food is responsible for millions of deaths annually."
"My girlfriend just sent me this picture she drew! [OC]"
"My girlfriend just sent me this pic she drew! [OC]"
"Fuck Older Siblings"
"The badassinist."
"Respect the monkey."
"Wanna go for a walk?"
"This is why I don't play sports."
"Lightning on the Horizon"
"If you see an atheist  tell a parent or a pastor right away. A friend sent this to me today."
"I found this at work today..."
"Smooth moves."
"Please don't stop!"
"Happiness dog double plus style"
"Vacuuming a corgi (x-post/aww)"
"Calvin and Hobbes...Reunited at last(fixed)"
"Tiger Love"
"Bears aren't the only ones who can give big hugs!"
"The most insane letter ever written by a child to a TV weatherman."
"Monkeys wearing Bacon Tuxedos. Cyborg Unicorns. Castles. Doughnuts. Reddit  meet your future Ultra-Lord."
"Hugh Jackman and PSY dancing Gangnam Style"
"Oppa X-Men Style!"
"Wolverine and Psy"
"Mitt has a binder full of women!"
"dirty debating"
"Kitty has no care in the world."
"When my parents start talking about their sex life."
"Worst. Superhero. Ever."
"A new superhero is among us..."
"I hate when that happens"
"A Link to the Past"
"Beachy Head  England. The third most popular suicide site in the world"
"I hate facebook..."
"nose bite"
"HIFW I got over 40 up votes from a single post."
"Make it a double."
"Lebron James  The Asshole."
"Ridding the waves"
"the best logo I've ever seen"
"After shaving my stomach for the first time in years."
"Kitty Spooning Kitty"
"just thought id throw this in here"
"Haaaa-aaaa-aaa-AAAA"
"How I see my GF when she's nagging me to death"
"Mad cow disease"
"This picture is creeping me the fuck out."
"Folding Lava"
"Epic pic of Joe Biden cozying up with bikers at a campaign stop last weekend in Ohio."
"oh hey there"
"How I felt at every school dance and party I have ever been to"
"[META] This post has nothing to do with your fascist subreddit."
"Had to be done."
"'Merica!"
"Thinking about it this way makes it pretty sad."
"uncertainty"
"When I get tons of karma on my cake day."
"Me at level 60 when i actually get an upgrade from a drop."
"You might think you've seen some fucked up tattoos. Think again."
"Epic WTF  NSFW"
"What goes up must come down."
"How Harry Potter actually got his lightning bolt scar"
"Overly Attached Girlfriend with Stare Dad"
"Mars  The Red Planet"
"This image simultaneously makes me hopeful and slightly uncomfortable. 2 days 8 hours 21 minutes to go! [FIXED]"
"Wait a second..."
"Huge image of the Red Planet."
"Can someone change the arrows to downvotes?"
"What happend to us?"
"Things have changed"
"How true is this?"
"Repost"
"Whenever my girlfriend has a fight with her &quot;best friend&quot;"
"Dog also gives a shit about views."
"New awesome Minecraft HD Texture Pack"
"Denver Boot Defeated"
"I'm sorry. I cannot hear you over my giant mustache."
"Living The Dream."
"Whatcha Thinking Bout?"
"How we all feel trying to get up votes."
"Yum!"
"What people thought Michael Jackson would look like in 2000"
"Yawn"
"latest edition to the louvre"
"This cartoon captures religion perfectly."
"Does anybody know where I can buy a poster of this? Also  my apologies if you disagree with my choice of subreddit."
"Games for rage-quitters"
"Stop that  it tickles"
"I... I don't know what to say about this one..."
"best of luck on your endeavors!"
"Creepy..."
"My cousin's way of requesting more booze"
"This says it all"
"Instagram; What really happens"
"Stumbled upon someones awesome cover pic on Facebook and had to share it with Reddit"
"My friend asked  &quot;what's reddit like?&quot; I replied with this picture."
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"The old glued shoes prank"
"How to avoid a speeding ticket"
"BMO dancing to Deadmau5! (gifsound.com)"
"Ahh... Summer."
":)"
"Just realized... [FIXED]"
"I have done nothing productive"
"How it feels waking up at 2pm"
"Cruisin down the street in my 6-4"
"Faith In God"
"What faith in a god looks like"
"Neil Degrasse Tyson is one cool motherfucker"
"1984"
"Current state of the AK-47 in CS:GO"
"truer words have never been spoken"
"Arrrgghhhh..........Way too true"
"Jay Bruce is blasting off againnnnnnn!"
"Kung Fu Panda IRL"
"Coming back from college and seeing that 'popular' girls got fat"
"How I feel when I have to get up at 3:30 for work"
"Heres a preview of what me and my girlfriend will look like trying to dance at prom tonight."
"When I see people arguing on reddit."
"Mildly entertaining."
"Kung fu fighting"
"You think you can come in on Saturday?"
"Fuck Work!!"
"Wednesday. 3:00pm"
"Me during the last 15 minutes of work on my last day."
"When I find out a comment gets more karma than the link I posted"
"How I feel at work... everyday.."
"When my friend joins Reddit and gets front on his first post.."
"A few hours into my Cakeday and I already feel like this after submitting a few links"
"Yeah I farted  jealous?"
"can someone explain please?"
"Haters gonna hate"
"Maury Povich on the inside"
"HIFW I found out yesterday about my ex girlfriend  who just got engaged to some low life who already left her in a past relationship"
"brb  dying of cute-overload"
"TSA is not amused [xpost from /r/nova]"
"Teacup chihuahua in a teacup."
"When I see a friend walk into a party"
"Couldn't stop laughing"
"Some people just wanna see the world burn"
"real nigga haiku"
"Poetry"
"Poetry."
"Catwoman walking on bottles"
"Spongebob at his night job"
"Right in the childhood. Thanks Facebook"
"After further review..."
"and Roger Federer wins the Super Bowl with an alley oop"
"hurr durr"
"Big Air Champion"
"Well.."
"I don't even.."
"So i typed in &quot;go girl&quot; into Google. Was not disapointed."
"My friend just posted this  i have no clue"
"This is kinda weird (X-post from /r/wtf)"
"seal-dog"
"Pug in a Seal Costume!"
"Cute baby seal"
"Partying With Grandma."
"How I imagine all the people asking questions to POTUS"
"Bottomless Bathroom"
"Still my favorite costume."
"How i imagine Apostolate's House"
"How I feel submitting a link [FIXED]"
"Me every time I post something I think is funny...."
"Kid's got game"
"Sending a message"
"Whenever I read something in r/nocontext"
"When I hear &quot;I could care less&quot;"
"This is how I feel sometimes when my boss yells at me."
"Almost six months in  this my opinion of this site."
"After spending my first two months or so on Reddit I have come to only one conclusion of this site"
"Obsessed with Skyrim"
"Everytime I'm on Reddit"
"I dont want this EVER"
"browsing NSFW_GIF for the first time"
"Every day.. [college student]"
"babies"
"My First Time Browsing /r/atheism"
"when i see troll brain comics"
"I still don't know"
"I've been noticing this a lot lately"
"i always see this in the background of a classroom scene"
"All planking attempts need to end this way [Fixed]"
"They just added season 8 of The Office to Netflix. I just remembered why I love this .gif so much."
"When i find something good in r/new"
"Empire Strikes Back  all in one glorious .gif (x-post from r/movies)"
"DMT"
"What Salvia is Like"
"How I feel going on r/WTF while drunk"
"Any Colour You Like"
"/r/atheism  I just have ONE thing to say to all of you."
"My cousins puppies she just got them today. Vanilla and Nutmeg"
"aw nom"
"Me and my friends in a Museum"
"YOU WANT SOME OF THIS?!"
"I dare you not to laugh"
"Well  this is awkward"
"Lil star wars....random imgur"
"This is Kenny..........the Down Syndrome Tiger"
"The Milky Way over Switzerland"
"I laughed harder than I should have.."
"Where tha hood at"
"Blastoise's piano skills"
"Blastoise's piano skills (x-post from /r/GifSound)"
"I want to be Ron Swanson"
"For my first Reddit birthday  I've decided to repost one of my favorites."
"nailed it"
"I'm from Sweden. This is my face when people on reddit complains about the heat"
"Winter is coming and i don´t have any trees"
"the ol' spicy keychain"
"Wat"
"Listening to a professor with a thick accent talking about a complicated subject."
"Crystal Caterpillar (x-post from /r/woahdude)"
"How I feel when I click on something that is a link to flickr."
"Jump Around Jerry"
"Trying to read the Obama AMA.."
"My wife wanted me to watch the VMAs with her last night..."
"About to poop when someone else walks into the bathroom"
"Speech on the beach"
"This woman must be giving a very moving speech."
"I don't even..."
"My friend had a very productive day..."
"Thirty years of music. [Got pissed off at the speed of the gif."
"Every geek's dream."
"The impeccable Emma Watson"
"Peacekeeper missile re-entry [time-exposure shot]"
"Women should stop doing the Duck Face and start doing this:"
"what happened today at school (first comic)"
"i left my cat alone with ragemaker for the afternoon and came back to find this"
"Loopholes..."
"I can't justify how funny I find this photoshop. Holy fucking shit!!!!"
"How did I not see this before?"
"Scratch my back  I'll scratch yours."
"You scratch my back  I'll scratch yours"
"Oh youTube comments  you so sexist."
"Jeff Bridges"
"Dance  Jeff Bridges  Dance!"
"He'll do it  he's crazy!"
"Hey r/atheism  I used to be a Sikh and I find this funny."
"Reddit for the past week"
"This is on my mind every time I watch Ancient Aliens."
"How did meme's come about?"
"My new take on child abductions."
"Why is this 50%?"
"Priorities."
"Hardest.Decision.Ever"
"What if I want to choose the second one?"
"We are the 80%"
"It's a little late for that..."
"I wonder how many women are into her..."
"betty got hops"
"Found this on my newsfeed"
"Hit Me With Your Best Shot..."
"Lightning and Lunar Eclipse"
"Beautiful Stormy Night Sight"
"Lightning on the horizon"
"Lightning Eclipse from the Planet of the Goats"
"Intimidation"
"PRICELESS"
"Buzz Aldrin punching a conspiracy theorist in the face like a boss[gif]"
"Dewdrops on a Dragonfly (more in comments)"
"yo girl  is your name Google?"
"Boo!"
"How I feel when I'm in a crowded place and hear my name"
"Say 'Guess Who?' again MOTHERFUCKER!"
"Well... Does he!?!?"
"Logged in and saw my karma"
"When I think my post is going to the frontpage"
"When you have gum in class"
"Matriarchy"
"when my Mom and two Sisters start their monthly cycle at the same time..."
"How I Feel When I Die In A Video Game"
"Realizing that I missed my cake day by a day."
"Whenever I hit rush hour on my way to work"
"Spread Anarchy"
"cats in space"
"This isn't helping my appetite for anything."
"Not sure if I want the coffee or if I do..."
"This stage is rad."
"Holy Crap I Want to See a Show on THIS Stage!"
"Taking duckface to a whole new level"
"gimmie a boost"
"The toilet experience after eating Panda Express (Fried Rice &amp; Two Orange chicken - all covered with Sriracha Sauce)"
"A shitton of nope right there."
"Click if you DARE.... [sfw]"
"I found this on Facebook and it changed my life"
"VOTE VICTOR!"
"How I feel when I downvote a comment that has one upvote"
"When my opinion gets upvoted to top comment and multiple people respond in agreement"
"when im walking into a party and am already drunk"
"Police Dog[fixed]"
"Would An Idiot Do That?"
"This is probably a repost"
"If you live within 2 000 miles of the equator"
"How I feel downvoting a long post with no TLDR"
"I Wish"
"Midget Disco Dancing"
"I thought we could give her a reddit makeover. I've done the base. Anyone want to add cats/bacon?"
"Wait  what? Sheldon Cooper on Reddit?"
"You wanna go?"
"Cuddly Bears"
"EUROPE  EXQUISITE YEAH!"
"Was on my front page listening to Atmosphere's vid when I hit this Hairless Rat gif"
"Why in science's name is there a &quot;Go Daddy&quot; Advertisement as a sponsored link? Go daddy... shouldn't it be completely rid of Reddit's domain? (PIPA) (SOPA) supporters FYI."
"A cat with lasers."
"Seaside Heights  NJ. That's one way to get rid of the guidos. (This was the boardwalk)"
"True love! xD"
"Waterfalls in Croatia"
"Detian Falls"
"Owl in flight"
"Owl mid-flight"
"I never took meth!"
"The Size of Our Moon [pic]"
"When I see something I upvoted in r/new hit the front page."
"Granddad always has the best stories...."
"Back in the day..."
"Good old days."
"Well  this is awkward."
"Always makes me crack up.(First)"
"&quot;Yeah  what you looking at?&quot;"
"Cigarettes can even make Fishchicken look cool."
"I missed my first cakeday by a day"
"Get off the computer and spend some time with your family"
"Girls and their glasses"
"The magic of girls with glasses"
"Diabeetus"
"Riding a Horse Like a Boss"
"Why so tired you silly sloth?"
"There are people who enjoy peanut butter banana bacon sandwiches  and why the fuck not? That shit is delicious."
"Shat"
"Redneck Tornado Warning"
"We just had a few tornadoes in Texas"
"Being in the midwest right now  this is my mentality"
"A friend of mine swears that he is the reason we don't have tornadoes around our area."
"How I felt all day"
"Played Smash 64 against my friends who prefer Brawl. This sums up the experience."
"OH DEER GOD"
"Fifa diving"
"How To Troll"
"Sexy and you know it?"
"How I feel when someone points out that it's my cakeday"
"Getting 800 Karma in a matter of hours"
"My reaction while browsing my bank statement  I see my wife actually returned something to a store instead of buying."
"This is Britain"
"Just so you know I think........"
"Prolly a repost without the You're Awesome  still one of my favs though"
"Just a friendly reminder that..."
"Sad Panda"
"Flan?"
"Do you like Huey Lewis and The News?"
"Upvoteshot"
"How i feel being the first to upvote a post that gets to the front page"
"Tim Tebow's Email Hacked"
"For all you students  I present the Gummy Bear Incentive Studying Plan!"
"Just the right size for my pocket. God damn."
"brave cat"
"Stunning !"
"Siper Princess Peach philosoraptor"
"How NASA can get to the moon again?"
"reposts"
"Philosoraptor on looks"
"When I see a free sample at the supermarket"
"How I feel after switching from boxers to boxerbriefs"
"Free samples?"
"So happy!"
"Saw this gem on Facebook today."
"HAY!!!!!"
"How to escape a conversation with someone"
"The Real World Map."
"Hooch loves his penguin"
"James Bond. Booze  bonks and bodies. Data compiled by The Economist"
"Quack."
"Good Morning! [Pic]"
"XBox"
"How I feel when somebody makes a point in an argument that I hadn't considered."
"How my cake day submission went the other day"
"My reaction to commercials on the radio during a &quot;commercial free hour&quot;"
"Protesting Westboro Baptist Church protest."
"How i feel when the power goes out and my laptop battery is almost dead"
"As of 2009  this is what the map looks like on human space programs and our reach into outer space."
"Must. Tell. Everyone."
"Gotta.tell.everone"
"Oh the things you find on the internets..."
"ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD"
"A rapist search has insued.... Wait......"
"&quot;Vegetable Man&quot;"
"aye bbygurl"
"The Reddit Coat"
"This belongs here  team jackets maybe?"
"Say cheese!"
"Need this jacket!"
"I'm going to take a wild guess and say that she likes cats."
"What the hell Adventure Time?"
"So there's this"
"Just a creepy looking dolphin"
"vibrator on full blast"
"Whaaaat."
"bout to be kicked in the face"
"Seems legit"
"At the apple store"
"Russian Dancing Bats"
"What my boyfriend got me for Valentine's Day"
"All the proof for the absence of a God in one image"
"Underweight and near death  this otter cub was rescued from the side of a road. Here he is now."
"MFW my friend tells me she hasn't seen the Dark Knight as we're in the theater for the Dark Knight Rises"
"Hurricane Sandy vs Casino Pier (Cross Post from /r/themepark)"
"[Request] Can someone please make this into 1920x1200 (x-post from r/trees)"
"The kid in you would eat this in under a minute."
"I can't stop watching [NSFW]"
"Why I love Doug."
"How Obama truly killed Osama."
"My reaction when I stumble across my ex's Reddit account."
"Just playin' a little ball..."
"Launch."
"Don't mind me just watering the bushes"
"I want to see this movie"
"Saving bad luck Brian."
"Zanarkand birds"
"mesmerizing taco"
"I just upvoted everyone who ever posted this marvelous link (including me)."
"No matter how hard you try  this will not reach the frontpage."
"It's fuckin' rad!!"
"r/spacedicks"
"After reading about 50 pages of the reddits list..."
"My response to all these comics"
"Meanwhile in Africa"
"The decline of Civilization [Pic]"
"The deterioration of man [PIC]"
"So I must have forgotten the Stopwatch on at some point..."
"I have been waiting for this moment for 1 year  1 month  21 days  9 hours and 54 minutes...and I missed it by a millisecond."
"So this has been going on for quite a while..."
"My battery was draining quickly on my iPhone  and i found out why"
"I guess I left my stopwatch running....(xpost from /r/mildlyinteresting)"
"3.5 years bitches!"
"Hipster stopwatch - my phone was doing it first."
"So I found out why my battery was dying fast(er)"
"Beautiful Awakening"
"Drunk snail"
"Republican Party reaches out to poor and minority voters"
"Lichtenberg scar"
"Gang war"
"Wat (from /r/funny)"
"I just went on 4chan for the first time  and this is literally the first picture I saw"
"But I WANT to"
"This is easily one of the better puns I've seen in the last six months..."
"How i felt 10 minutes after i got a downvote"
"QWOP IRL"
"This happened after my legs fell asleep today"
"I finally found some facebook gold on my newsfeed this morning."
"Bibles are delicious"
"How to neatly fold a shirt."
"When I heard about Star Wars 7 being made..."
"Gullible Buzz"
"I got the moves like Dumbledore"
"Just in case you need Portable Knife Holders"
"4Chan Confirms The Existence Of God"
"When I told students summer school lunches come from the local hospital"
"Doing our best to educate good"
"Benders"
"&quot;May contain traces of nuts&quot;"
"Ozzy &amp; Sharon Osbourne. When the FUCK did The Prince Of Darkness look like  well  a normal person?"
"If your friends don't hate you yet try this."
"Garf-eel!"
"Whenever I hear news from Florida this is what I think of"
"With all the &quot;zombie news&quot; in Florida  I believe this is the right choice of action"
"Neat wallpaper for Bioshock fans"
"When I wake up in the morning."
"ROFLMAO!"
"Herp. Fucking. Derp."
"Pinch"
"How i feel about the tons of reposts lately"
"Whenever I get downvoted"
"I watch Fox News for these moments."
"xpost /r/gggg"
"How they see things and how I see things."
"Can anyone tell me the context of this gif? It's like a mental itch that I can't scratch."
"How I felt when my college professor said that our governor  Rick Perry  is a terrible governor"
"Me and my female friends watching Justin Bieber getting his ass kicked in his new music video"
"What success feels like"
"Two words. Bacon Fries!!"
"found this pic. don't know what to say... shark /human hybrid?"
"I don't always repost..."
"I don't always repost..."
"not feeling so funny today so I'll try a..."
"Unoriginal content"
"Mother of God..."
"Me with Jehovah's witnesses are at my door."
"When I close reddit just to open it again in a new tab..."
"When I heard the British police don't have guns"
"When I heard Americans don't get free healthcare and education"
"Jersey Shore got cancelled!"
"I shall rule the world with an iron paw"
"Battle of the Ads"
"Looking for something to eat when roommate walks in with pizza"
"How I feel when I lob a sick burn across several cubes at the office..."
"My childhood"
"Infinity"
"POWERS COMBINED"
"How I feel because my cake day is on the fourth of july"
"his arms are loose..."
"eeeeeeeEEEAEAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH...yes"
"How I feel as an IT person when taking a help desk call from someone asking a long  stupid  drawn out question."
"Having a shit day  couldn't find the gif for it. So I made one. Happy cake day to me."
"Japanese Spider Crab"
"LOL u guys r idiots"
"So THAT'S what innocent means..."
"but dey was talking shit so dey deserved it"
"Don't mess with this.."
"This isn't even my final form"
"Hey asshole  you forgot something"
"How I feel when I'm trying to battle someone and they keep switching their pokemon in and out"
"ammo"
"Since Easter is close i gave one to y T-rex"
"Cat took a picture of itself on an iPad"
"In response to all of the negative posts about Romney and Paul Ryan  we should never give up on this man"
"Knock Knock. Who's there? Bird."
"Birthday Skeleton"
"And a one  and a two..."
"And a one and a two..."
"No one would get hurt she said...."
"No one would get hurt she said...."
"A play on words."
"Every night before my birthday."
"What the redditor posted."
"Introducing the forever alone towel"
"This  my friends  is called humanity."
"look what i found looking through news clippings online"
"Uhh  I guess you can sleep there..."
"My reaction when I found out that there's going to be a Family Guy MMORPG..."
"When my brother plays &quot;TIITHRMDR&quot; in Words with Friends and wins."
"Thirsty?"
"Right in the childhood."
"The Steam Summer Sale in a nutshell."
"Marlon Brando. Dear lord."
"Probably the most reposted gif on this sub  but in case you forgot how beautiful this man is  here's a reminder (Marlon Brando)."
"If you are having a bad day I hope this makes you feel a little bit better."
"Realizing it's my cake day  and that I've been on Reddit for one year now."
"U jelly of my wall hax?"
"The &quot;i&quot; in TEAM"
"Saxy pelvic thrusting"
"What I instantly thought when I saw the Mudkip."
"Baking PsyclonNine style"
"Just voldemort and gandalf"
"Happens every time I try to get the ketchup out..."
"Ketchup."
"When I try to open glass bottles of ketchup in restaurants"
"Come on  Ketchup!"
"Consequences of no fap September"
"The best part of coming home from college"
"A motto to live by"
"QUICK! Grab my hand!"
"gets me every time"
"Because sleds are too mainstream."
"I think this belongs here."
"Good guy  douche bag and the unlucky"
"Meme-ception"
"Good Guy Greg  Scumbag Steve  and Bad Luck Brian go to a Halloween party...."
"Pics from around the Absecon Island  from Atlantic City to Longport. Ventnor Heights is completely under water."
"Cat licking a snow cone"
"Sarchasm"
"Evidence vs. Belief: A Tale of Two Bunnies"
"The perfect explanation to religion. (Found on 4chan earlier today)"
"How science must be used to solve the puzzle"
"Reddit  it's my cake day. I told Google to &quot;get me to the front page.&quot; Will this do?"
"My favorite face swap."
"My absolute favorite face swap"
"'Murica"
"I googled &quot;moist&quot; and got this. Anyone wanna tell me who she is?"
"Take a ride inside a vagina in Finland [nsfw]"
"New video of Billy Cundiff already at work in the offseason"
"How I feel every time I try to come up with a cute title for my /r/aww post."
"For my 365th day on Reddit  I chose a pic i took  marked my calendar  and today  realized that  thanks to the leap year  my cakeday was yesterday."
"I just ran"
"Manliest Pacifier EVER."
"That was close! - FPS Russia"
"Too relevant?"
"Run white boy RUN!!!!"
"Well?"
"My First world Problem"
"I was out all day today  coming home to this made me sad."
"My experience during President Obama's AMA"
"My impression of the Obama AMA so far"
"Ladies and Gentlemen! I give you the summary of the Obama AMA!"
"wanted to post this earlier  but...."
"My favorite part from Obama's AMA"
"Has anyone else noticed the F5 on the hammer?"
"Barack Obama does AMA"
"Obama AMA"
"The Screen that occupied most of my afternoon on 08/29/2012."
"Boop! Gotcha nose!"
"Hans Zimmer's studio  that is all"
"Oh Stephen  you're so funny."
"I compiled an album of how I feel this fine Friday morning"
"&quot;Be kind  because everybody is fighting a great battle.&quot; This fucking comic  man... gets me every time"
"Nice shir...wait...what?!"
"I.. I have no words.."
"My reaction to most 'Came home to this'...'Found in a dumpster' related pet stories."
"Watching the 2102 RNC Convention"
"And then I—Oh. Look look at that."
"How to pick up"
"puppy rape"
"It's rapin' time !"
"Oops  missed a comma there.."
"Biff!... Baff!... Gurble-flurble-urble"
"Not a single bacon was given that day"
"Stumbled across this. There are no words."
"Really Japan?"
"Two naked chicks peeing on an octopus. I'm not even kidding."
"Meanwhile in Japan... [NSFW]"
"no  Japan  no!"
"Why on an octopus?"
"Lolwut"
"This is Benito Mussolini's headquarters during WWII..."
"Y U NO LET THE WATER RUNNING?"
"Lesbian friend just posted this on facebook"
"I'm surprised this one isn't on the front page yet"
"Slow-Mo Swat"
"Summing up reddit"
"A room in which to do some light reading...."
"THIS IS STARCRAFT  THIS IS ESPORTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Into the deep."
"You got me there"
"THE BUS WILL BE ON TIME"
"How i feel riding my road bike among a bunch of cruisers."
"If you rode a bus to work today..."
"Donut?"
"Delicious"
"I sleep where I want!"
"Sweet dreams"
"The day r/trees and r/gaming combined"
"How Colorado and Washington look to the rest of the world."
"This is why Photoshop was made."
"This is now my favorite gif ever."
"My new favorite gif"
"How I Feel When I Have A Sudden Clarity Clarence Moment"
"Are you one of the chosen ones?"
"Tornadas and nipples"
"Sleep  little pups."
"Seems legit"
"The absolute worst"
"Undeniably true."
"Probably the best way to tell your partner or previous partners you have HIV/AIDS"
"Paris at night time is fucking amazing."
"I think Reddit will love this movie."
"The best thing to happen on the Internet. Yup  Reddit will love this."
"Weekend"
"He's Better Than Me..."
"You will never be this classy."
"my favorite .gif sound mash-up [OC]"
"The 9gag army  we'd better be scared"
"The only party i've ever been to... [foreveralone.jpg]"
"Oprah likes to give"
"If a Blue Shell had a mind of its own"
"Didn't think this was getting properly appreciated on Facebook"
"the blue shell."
"What Facebook has been for the past few months."
"50 year old Motala and her prosthetic leg"
"The green mile"
"Natural Tunnel"
"Tunnel Of Love - Kleven  Ukraine [1024x680]"
"Organic train tunnel"
"meanwhile  at the construction site"
"Mind. Blown."
"Lamario"
"Wait for it"
"FENTON! FENTON!"
"Medical advances."
"Prostate Exam (SFW)"
"When i drop something small on the floor"
"When someone offers me some of there dessert"
"Itsy Bitsy One more time"
"Adorable baby walrus!!!"
"I saw this this morning and got a chuckle out of it  thought I'd share it with you guys."
"Silly fish you guys aren't birds!"
"The feeling of a brief front page post"
"I know that feel."
"Rover shout out"
"Well this is awkward"
"Woody"
"My neck was sore yesterday and this morning - this is all I wanted to do when I realized it felt better 10 minutes ago"
"Can you tell the difference?"
"Who said it? Romney or Mr.Burns from the Simpsons?"
"Hemingway runs out of drank."
"Meanwhile in Russia children stay safe"
"best image on imgur. kim jong il loves pokemon"
"Reddit in a nutshell."
"Terrifying Baby"
"Total shot in the dark  but how many of you played this demon of a game as a child?"
"Come on China  you are not even trying"
"Aziz Ansari in Iron Man 3"
"Rent-a-Swag Ironman Suit?"
"When I first stumbled upon /r/spacedicks"
"An old bridge  perfect circle"
"President Obamas new campaign poster!!!!"
"The shirts explain a lot."
"Earth's location in the observable Universe - AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED THIS?!"
"I can't stop laughing at this!"
"Smart dog"
"A taxidermist is given the skin and bones of a lion. The only problem is  it's the mid 18th century and he has never actually SEEN a lion. This is the hilarious result."
"So little  so cute"
"Watermelons doing here? I asked for Oranges."
"Otter eating watermelon (fixed)"
"Best. Birthday. Ever."
"Oh Henry..."
"It's a helluva drug."
"Totally relevant gif for my Cake Day!"
"The cutest spider ever"
"only 90's kids will get this"
"My thoughts on all the &quot;what _____ thinks I do&quot; posts."
"I used this picture to attempt to explain web browsers to my mother."
"please let me in"
"Space Shuttle Discovery Launch in 1984"
"So ... damn ... cute"
"Ninja Cat Saves the Day"
"The rarely seen successful back flip."
"Next time someone taps me on the shoulder..."
"The Middle East"
"I had fun once ..."
"I had fun once"
"That's not what you should do."
"How my [Canadian] Christian high school taught evolution."
"Woot motherfucker woot"
"He's a woman's man"
"Sunday evening at 11 pm"
"Last Smile"
"stay classy"
"The Enigma that is Cake Day posting material."
"Applicable to almost everything on r/aww"
"I don't even..."
"At dawn..."
"Pacifier? I cannot be pacified!"
"Red Panda loves grape"
"Are you serious WENDY?"
"Chick wouldn't even let me holla...."
"This is an old pic  but I still love it."
"Wendy's SonNnNnNnN!"
"hipster glasses"
"As a 26yr old male that can't grow proper facial hair  this is how I fear I'm going to end up come the end of Movember. [FIXED]"
"In my next life i want to live it backwards."
"Coolest hipster of all time."
"When I realized it's my cake day"
"The face when you realised you had gotten a front page post"
"My Heart Just Melted"
"Invited all my Google+ Friends over for New Years Eve!"
"Jessica Alba provides instant relief... (SFW)"
"Mesocyclone inside supercell thunderstorm !!!!!!!!!!"
"This makes me laugh everytime"
"Seems legit"
"But spiderman doesn't exist."
"Found on Twitter  belongs here."
"My very clumsy friend just added this as her cover photo. She didn't realise that it was applicable."
"How I listen to trance music."
"This is probably a repost but it still gets me every time."
"Party rock in the house tonight"
"Epic Walrus Time"
"Every time I figure out how to make a new dish..."
"Showed up in my news feed"
"My God Harry."
"Snoop Lion's list of Presidential characteristics"
"Snakes on a Plane"
"Snake on a plane"
"Don't Know Why I Searched &quot;Fat Superheroes&quot;"
"0_0"
"Anytime someone tells me they watch MTV still."
"Shut up and take my money!"
"PROFESSOR: Oh yeah  it's really important that you get the latest edition of all your school books."
"Baby Ben Bernanke practices for next week"
"How I feel having to pay for everything for my girlfriend and I for our weekend getaway."
"Every time I receive an email from Humble Bundle"
"How I feel about the upcoming US elections"
"Magneto Found"
"Mount Everest"
"Tig Ol' Bitties!"
"Some stuff on the Internet  makes NO SENSE."
"limes"
"Does this sweater radiate pure awesomeness or what?"
"up up down down pullover pullover left right select start."
"How I Feel Whenever I Browse a Thread Involving Ron Paul"
"Fool me once  shame on you. Fool me twice  prepare to die."
"Every time I wash a spoon."
"A dog standing on hamburgers"
"Just a man surfing with his alpaca"
"Here's my present to reddit on my cake day."
"Trippy 3D gif - shake your head to stop it"
"When somebody downvotes one of my actually good posts"
"Tom Cruise everybody"
"Xfire...."
"The day after Halloween on Facebook."
"The day after Halloween on Facebook"
"Not a single fuck."
"Faroe Islands"
"Little girl moved by art"
"Max volume"
"Peekaboo!"
"A man holds up his gigantic Tibetan Mastiff during a dog show in Shenyang  China"
"A man holds up his gigantic Tibetan Mastiff during a dog show in Shenyang  China"
"Every time someone posts a pic of ticks clustered together"
"Visiting Facebook on 9/11..."
"Copycat"
"Windsurfing like a boss.....whoasshhhiii"
"Finally the Cristo Redentor (the statue of Jesus in Rio de Janeiro) has been fixed!"
"Do the truffle shuffle"
"The truffle shuffle can stop anything!"
"For all of you that blithely toss around &quot;Challenege Accepted &quot; the guantlet has been thrown."
"Apple's new iOS 6 maps on Toronto Pearson Airport: ...Close enough!"
"Almost too freaked out to post this..."
"when you see it....total mind fuck"
"How to revive a redditor"
"Upvote gif I made"
"3 Tard Moon"
"3 Tard Moon"
"This makes me cringe [NSFW]"
"Akira Punch! (NSFW)"
"He just wants to love you"
"Ron on best friends"
"Fishing's not that hard."
"Saw Mt.Rainier driving to work this morning"
"Mount Ranier Casting a Shadow in the Clouds."
"When I get no upvotes"
"Aron Ralston's got nothin' on this crab [GIF]"
"Eyesland"
"When I try to introduce friends to Reddit..."
"Introducing people to Reddit"
"The best age verification tool"
"Just awwwwww"
"Still a better love story than twilight."
"Just a picture from a Japanese game show."
"Looked up wtf on google images and I have to say despite that this is not what I was expecting"
"Every Redditors worst nightmare"
"1 huge NOPE and a bunch of little nopes"
"I don't know what all this Sandy commotion is all about  pretty regular weather here in Iceland."
"Salvador Dali"
"My favorite piece of art."
"Every time I see a post about a girlfriend"
"Obey"
"Posted a comment and saw cake next to my name  had to start here"
"that is one sweeeet bike!"
"Boulder  CO"
"This Is How I Do The Sex"
"Like a boss - epic fail"
"Duke Nukem+Colbert"
"The copy machine in my office is always causing problems"
"This would have been a more interesting Music Video..."
"What the Food Channel is like when you're hungry."
"Everytime I go to the front page and all the links are blue..."
"When you make a yellow light at a light that you know takes forever"
"How I imagine it would be like to get on the front page"
"Woke up to find that I made the front page"
"This must be covered in chapter 1."
"I frequently sit on the toilet so long my feet fall asleep  thanks to my reddit ap."
"Duckling Attack x-post from r/gifs"
"Cats on catnip"
"Thug Life"
"Olivia Wilde"
"By far the worst change to the Blu-Ray Star Wars saga."
"How I feel when I see a nude scene in a movie  but I'm comfortable."
"This is the worst how-to book I have ever seen!"
"This is the advertising BMW uses for their pre-owned cars. I have no problems with this. [Slightly NSFW-ish]"
"That's a lot of bacon."
"can anyone source this gif? tineye and google reverse searches came up with nothing (cross post from r/gifs)"
"That feeling when you miss your cake day by only a few days."
"We should ban lifejackets and other flotation devices  as they only encourage risky behavior."
"Snoop Dogg in the Count's costume smoking a blunt."
"The current patent wars in a nutshell."
"Popeye is a bad-ass."
"That moment you realize  you fucked up."
"Gaming's savior"
"Too shy? Buy yourself a pickup line"
"Little Buddy"
"Honey  I'm home! [FOREVER ALONE]"
"Sparring Wolves"
"Oh. My. God. Yes."
"To infinity  and beyond!"
"Reddit was under a heavy load....and I couldn't get on the site..."
"It's finals week  guess this means..."
"Crap. What am I going to do now?"
"Now what am i supposed to do"
"Best interpretation of hurricane Sandy."
"Checking out Brazzers after my friend gave me his login"
"Opening a pack of Pokemon cards as a kid and realizing it's a First Edition pack."
"Reddit's reaction to today's AMA."
"Dinner while Home Alone (fixed)"
"Derp Cat"
"enjoy yourself"
"What?"
"Looking for a bank in rough neighborhood. I'm skeptical."
":3"
"A summary of today's ObAMA"
"Anyone ever been here?"
"How to pick up chicks!!! Works every time!!!!"
"How to pick up chicks"
"Forgive them; they know not that that tickles"
"Now that r/WTF is back to normal  I figured this was quite relevant."
"Math time!"
"&quot;I think I want to have sex&quot;"
"Goddamn it Yahweh"
"god is watching"
"when my mom asks me a question about me smoking."
"Weird comic I'm just seeing for the first time ever in my life."
"Mozart intended this to be sang by two men"
"This one's for you  Dad."
"The elves make snow..."
"I don't care how old this is  it still makes me laugh (First Post!)"
"Just doing a line of r/aww"
"With all the recent flooding..."
"New species of monkey discovered in the heart of Africa."
"i double dare you"
"Truth or Dare.."
"Pandas are assholes"
"Jack cried Crocodile."
"Smile"
"I knew I recognized her from somewhere"
"Surprise!"
"Boop!"
"Easy  Breezy  Beautiful..."
"Photobomb"
"Funny little guy..."
"Awww Yeah Flowers!"
"Hulk Hogan.... WTF?"
"A face within a face"
"what i REALLY want to say when customers ask &quot;how are you?&quot; after i've been standing on my feet for 8 hours dealing with bullshit"
"If only if he would of done this to snooki"
"you don't fuck with flanders"
"I'm a Buff Baby That Can Dance Like a Man"
"The Universe welcomes you to life: A letter"
"Sincerely  The Universe"
"Princess Madeleine of Sweden just realized she left the stove on."
"Our First Lady"
"When I heard I'm not going to pass all my tests"
"When I think it's going to be sexy time with the wife and she tells me she just started her period"
"Giant Moth"
"Can someone please provide me with a video/context to this gif?"
"Thom Yorke being Thom Yorke (x-post /r/thomyorke)"
"I have been looking at this for over ten minutes... Waow..."
"I need a new job"
"Just feeding some pigeons at the park."
"Due to overfeeding some pigeons can become aggressive."
"Trigger Happy T.V. anyone?"
"Found in r/funny... thought you'd all appreciate it"
"Priorities..."
"How To Eat Ramen Like A Boss"
"Living inside a stadium"
"Reddit's recent relationship with Gordon Ramsay."
"Sad Keanu doing better."
"Working on saturday."
"Yeah  it happens."
"My first driving lesson."
"I bet Mario is dancing."
"Me  whenever I try to dance"
"Curiosity scared the cat…"
"A dog's diary VS a cat's diary"
"Cats are mean"
"Whenever I have to do a power point presentation; who am I kidding  EVERY TIME I TALK"
"Pew Pew Pew [Fixed]"
"Pew Pew"
"Happy 84th Birthday to this guy!"
"Kid with an Acquarium - Seahorses or Barnacles?"
"Oh sit down"
"Every freaking time..."
"Every time I go to bed..."
"Millionaire leaves message of the key to happiness on a bank receipt... showing a balance of $13 million. [x-post from /r/pics]"
"Cat Hedgehog brush."
"Things that make you go &quot;hmmm&quot;"
"How to get a job"
"A resume my friend received in his company."
"Tulip fields just outside Alkmaar  North-Holland  Netherlands"
"Best face-slide ever..."
"wrestling midget face slide."
"Bulgarian dogs ain't nothin but a bunch of thugs."
"This dog says fuck you and sticks it to the man!"
"You did what with Mozart?"
"Kate. Upton."
"Kate Upton dancing in bikini."
"Why ;P creeps me out."
"I think you should quit smo..."
"Because he fucking can  that's why."
"How long did he practice for that? And WHY?"
"My brother's dog and her Halloween Costume."
"Romney as a child"
"How I imagine partying with my parents' friends on New Years Eve will end up"
"I just got the 1000th upvote on a post and this is how it felt"
"hot coworker told me I looked nice today"
"How I feel trying to initiate sex when my girlfriend isn't in the mood."
"Emma Watson being spun."
"Barack-amehameha!!"
"How I feel as a UC student whose been procrastinating on packing"
"How I feel with all the recent meth posts."
"And not a fuck was given"
"A Real Lesbian..."
"Newspaper Fail"
"YoLo dog"
"WTF kind of magic trick is that?!"
"Atheist magician"
"MFW I found out this subreddit was a real thing."
"MRW a short person tries to hug me."
"Made this shirt  how did I do?"
"For Seal"
"The little guy must be a horse wisperer."
"Alien vs Predator."
"The feeling you get when you finally find the song you're looking for."
"Arnold Schwarzenegger's Truck."
"Ahnold's new ride. A $250 000 Mercedes Unimog  because LA traffic needs this and because the schween inverse proportionality to car rule applies."
"The more you watch  the sillier it gets"
"We have a difficult decision to make today."
"How I feel right before I browse reddit after a day of absence"
"I just found r/debatereligion"
"When I see &quot;comment score below threshold&quot;"
"&quot;No guys its Romney!&quot;"
"Mitt Romney &amp; the greatest Freudian slip in history."
"Seriously now.."
"I was only gone for maybe an hour!"
"Picard on Facebook"
"Whenever the trainer has only lvl. 5 Magikarp..."
"Whenever I watch my mom on the computer"
"How I feel joining Instagram"
"A little bit higher  to the left  up  up  up... That'll do."
"Coloured smoke reveals the amazing vortex airflow patterns off the wings of airplanes."
"Cat thinks box is the bee's knees"
"I haven't laughed so hard in a long time..."
"What I imagine my neighbors do all day"
"I don't even know what clever title could apply"
"Oh nothing  just a chimp feeding a baby tiger"
"Just an adolescent monkey feeding a baby tiger"
"A tiger cubs very unique caretaker."
"?+chimp=cheta no matter its still cute"
"What I want to do when someone is talking loudly while I'm trying to study."
"What happens when you're loud in class and someone is trying to study."
"Ewok"
"I will never dress my shih tzu's up for Halloween  but if I did.."
"HULK SMASH!! (OC)"
"Every time I browse new submissions I find myself wanting to use this GIF"
"when someone is touching my screen with their finger"
"I was told I'd be getting my karma machine today.. Then they changed it to tomorrow."
"When I heard Todd Akin's theories about rape"
"Watching my parents use the computer."
"Watching favorite team play football when girlfriend says  &quot;Why wouldn't your favorite team just be the one that wins the most?&quot;"
"My exact involuntary reaction when I saw reddit was down."
"My... My... Dog..."
"&quot;If you don't get your butt down here in 2 minutes you aren't getting dessert tonight  mister!&quot; Oh shi-"
"Grains of sand magnified 250x"
"When the phone rings while you’re on the toilet"
"When there isn't enough toilet paper"
"Dammit! Now how am I going to get rid of this thing???"
"Something looks familiar.."
"Chernobyl Diaries + Marley &amp; Me"
"Kill it  Kill it with fir... It has wings! RUNNN!!"
"Evolve!"
"Superheroes?"
"Awkward swinger party is awkward"
"Heads up people  he's about to make this bitch clap."
"slapstick is the real deal  man."
"Did someone say PARTY?"
"Party Hard."
"i can't look at this gif without laughing my ass off every time"
"I just broke a hundred upvotes on a sub reddit. ITS TIME TO...."
"NOPE...nope nope nope...frost spider"
"Bad Ass Spider"
"He needs to meet the walrus."
"Mutual mistrust."
"How I feel on that special week every month"
"how i sometimes feel about Reddit and 4chan"
"This is why I still sleep with a teddy bear."
"Teddy the protector."
"Really?"
"Putin flies crane"
"The beauty of decay and destruction"
"I'm Bored"
"I think I'm a dickhead."
"still the best deal with it gif"
"PedoBear Girls"
"SCORE!"
"When my professor asked the me if I looked at the optional online reading."
"Yeah  I don't either..."
"I didnt know where to post this but i think ill do this."
"Just when I think I've run out of sites to browse  the internet God blesses me with a new one."
"Charles  freeze!"
"When I have been granted permission to touch."
"HIFW Permission to touch has been granted."
"Jesus Use Me  by the Faith Tones - the worst album cover ever. Go ahead  stare at it. Which one  if you had to?"
"strawberre good 4 u make health but will u make eat this if am tell u this is the zoom ??"
"Can't beat the commute."
"Most likely a repost. But a banana getting owned always makes my day."
"The greatest threat to Western civilization"
"complete accident..."
"how i feel about everyone showing off their gifts today"
"CPR for the Laymen"
"&quot;Observe how the llama chews her meals...&quot;"
"Whenever someone pulls up next to me at a stop light."
"Pretty much anytime i'm eating and someone says something gross"
"Reddit  what's your most awkward gif? This is mine..."
"thinking I can handle r/spacedicks after seeing all the &quot;back to its roots&quot; r/WTF posts"
"On October 3rd  he asked me what day it was"
"Star fox"
"Adorable puppy growl"
"Anybody remember &quot;I whip my ears back and forth?&quot; so here's the continued story!"
"The best silver lining of all"
"This made me laugh more than it should have."
"these need to stop."
"God  I'm so deep. [FIXED]"
"God  I'm so deep."
"Too true"
"After Finally Gaining More than One Link Karma..."
"Does anyone remember this game? Sequel please."
"This game needs a sequel!"
"The little engine that......uuuh"
"this is what played in my head"
"Failed attempt to light a cigarette with a rifle"
"So this animal exists....."
"China &quot;apple store&quot; is being real honest"
"So this popped up on my facebook feed."
"stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks"
"Didn't have time to read The Game"
"As a Muslim  I welcome your naked female protesters"
"Not sure if this is funny or racist."
"Meanwhile in Japan"
"Sexy."
"He's just going to be hungry again in an hour..."
"Ssssssssssss..."
"If This Picture Doesn't Blow Your Mind  You Don't Have One."
"How does he do this? - Steve Cathey La Costa July 1975"
"Steve Cathey defying gravity [x-post r/HistoryPorn] [1022x722]"
"If you really loved your children..."
"Oh  you have a boyfriend?"
"I just keep watching it"
"Ready for a miracle?"
"I Had A Nightmare Like This Once"
"I say."
"Fancy Shark"
"I think I can actually feel it..."
"Touch the rainbow"
"Not sure if this belongs here..."
"Gangman style."
"hey. Hey  HEY!"
"X-post from r/atheism since everyone should enjoy this..."
"Typed in wtf on google"
"Mitt Romney losing at giant Jenga"
"All of the riot gear in the world can't stop ..."
"Don't look or he follows"
"This yolo thing has gone too far.."
"Asiago Plateau  Italy"
"Brushy brushy"
"googoogoo!"
"Here comes the... [fixed]"
"The Breakdown (xPsych)"
"This made me giggle  because the crucifixes with Christ on em  weirds me out."
"One of my favorite lines from The Office..."
"Mmmm...Toasty"
"I'm gonna crumb!"
"How I act when all alone"
"Is it bad I laughed so hard at this?"
"This is how they tested bullet proof vests in 1923. The obvious way."
"I'm sure this has been done before  but..."
"HUMANS"
"My Asian friend just posted this on this on his facebook."
"My reaction when I walked into my favourite store and Twilight took over"
"One of the best gifs ive seen"
"How I feel when someone posts the same .gif with a different title"
"When I accidentally close reddit when looking at a link on the 6th page..."
"When you think of something good to post  then forget it later in the day."
"How I feel ending a call 1 second into a new minute"
"I found out that today is my cakeday so...I believe this is appropriate."
"Cage Monkey."
"saw this and thought of you guys"
"Supplies!"
"Supplies!"
"SUPPLIES!"
"Hip Hop debate."
"Just a tree  move along."
"It's always the fat kid."
"Can't seem to stop watching...."
"Spooked cat is spooked."
"Just another cookout in Indiana."
"How I feel eating BACON for the first time."
"walking out after finishing my last final"
"Dead Man Walking"
"Dirty Talk"
"I've made a huge mistake..."
"I honestly can't put a title to this..."
"comic"
"Cooking Level: Bachelor"
"How it feels trying to upvote new posts"
"In your face!"
"Louis CK and Mark Maron"
"Decided to share all of the images I have saved on my computer for backgrounds. Most found here on Reddit."
"Kittens"
"googled &quot;greatest gif of all time&quot;. not sure if i agree"
"Well that sums up when I will eat this!"
"When I use the mint and tea tree shower gel..."
"How I felt googling &quot;sexy bear&quot; to find a funny and cute pic to send to my girlfriend."
"Coming to r/breakingbad as a fan whos still halfway through season 4"
"Checkmate  Athetits"
"Jitterbug"
"When I wear socks on tile floor."
"I wish I wore ties."
"The Lovecraft."
"Defiance."
"Must be an iPhone"
"Gave my dog a nice steak and carrots for his birthday. He's a happy boy."
"Its a View of my 15th Birthday(x-Post from /r/WeAreTeenagers)"
"This Blows All Other Tramp Stamps Out Of The Water [NSFW]"
"Feelin' lucky punk?"
"Yep  it's glass..."
"Fuck hoverhand."
"Silence &amp; Respect 0.o"
"The abandoned Chinese amusement park named &quot;Wonderland&quot;"
"How I feel as a guy getting out of the shower and drying myself off"
"How I felt on Friday"
"My thoughts on the weather"
"Watching Olympic Indoor Sprint Cycling..."
"15 000 upvotes in about 1 hour of Obama's AMA"
"I see all your Frog and Snake shenanigans and I raise you a Spider eating a fucking BIRD. All in."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE"
"Is it just me or does the jungle make you really  really horny?"
"Little brother is having none of your kumbaya shit"
"I'm confused."
"how i look like when i dance"
"Searching 'fix' on google and this came up.."
"What you see is not what you get."
"A mini giraffe"
"oh shit"
"This picture always makes me laugh"
"Face off!"
"The Boss."
"Scarface's real empire was in something else..."
"How I feel when I open a new can of formula."
"Best quote from The Office. Always makes me laugh."
"Easter is cancelled"
"I actually have a technique for matching Gifs to music"
"What bear?"
"And on the 7th day  God said &quot;let all men get laid&quot;"
"I Can't Draw"
"Whenever im down...."
"Turf 'n Turf"
"i am the sun"
"My favorite gif"
"Some blame guns  others video games  but IT folk know the truth!"
"Coincidence? (x-post from r/geek)"
"Internet Explorer has been turning people into homicidal maniacs..."
"Feels good man"
"What's under here... WOOOAH"
"Nice puppy... OH SHIT"
"What a cute little doggy..."
"My favorite gif"
"50 shades of I can't wait to see this!!!"
"FEMA"
"Slow mo lightning gif"
"Even The Mona Lisa love Cats"
"Better"
"Everyone is doing their part to help..."
"it's tougher to be a fireman than i thought."
"Sup guys!"
"They told me I could be anything..."
"They told me I could be anything"
"... your rioting is invalid [China]"
"pretty sure I know this dude..."
"Introducing  hurdlers without hurdles."
"One giant leap..."
"One of my favorite headlines from The Onion. RIP Neil."
"QWOPQWOPQWOPQWOP"
"QWOPQWOP [x-post from r/gifs]"
"Fucking QWOP. Best cosplay ever."
"Anyone remember QWOP?"
"I can't be the only one"
"Why else would spongebob be here?"
"cross your eyes and stare at the picture"
"Photographer with a cool head"
"US ambassador J. Christopher Stevens's body [NSFW/NSFL]"
"Photogenic Downhill Biker"
"High five anyone?"
"Light in slow motion."
"Is it just me or had this bacon frenzy gone too far?"
"tears"
"Duck photo bomb"
"Heeeere  kitty kitty kitty"
"Is there anything cuter than this?"
"MFW When Suffolk MA apologized for canceling my Jury Duty"
"Eskimos!"
"Can't. Stop. Watching."
"The Petals Fall Twice - page 143"
"50 Shades of What the fuck did I just read."
"The petals fall twice."
"What did I just read?"
"Cutest damn thing I have ever seen"
"I just had to do a factory reset on my phone because I wasn't receiving texts. I lost everything. Luckily  I saved this so I can re-download it."
"Aristocat"
"Coming home at the end of Friday"
"Somebody just liked this on Facebook. Faith in humanity lost."
"Well that escalated quickly."
"When the Candy Man can't get a loan  he gets desperate"
"The best thing about living in Switzerland"
"This is essentially a tiger with Down's syndrome. A typical product of the inbreeding necessary to make the white tigers seen in captivity."
"What will your money buy?"
"Mentos + Carlsberg = ?"
"Whenever I post something on Reddit that I'm absolutely sure will be hilarious"
"What a twist!"
"I found the secret the Teletubbies kept hidden in the basement."
"Best costume this year. 65&quot; colored TV."
"&quot;Lol Grumpy Cat&quot;"
"Freddie Mercury riding on the back of Darth Vader."
"Jackpot"
"Best Halloween costume ever"
"Ice Soap 0.9 public beta"
"Reddit  post your all time favourite gif. DO IT."
"Everytime my friend sends me a spacedicks link"
"When I touch a doorknob in a public bathroom and it's wet"
"75% of Reddit users faces after seeing the latest F'd up feet pictures."
"And the bartender said &quot;Why the long face?&quot;!"
"So this popped up on Facebook Though you might like it."
"Meet the hatchetfish."
"Which sex is your cat?"
"dErP"
"I work with Autistic kids  and one of my kids is obsessed with this picture."
"Please don't make me think of a title for this one."
"Paul Ryan Working Out"
"Last night at midnight"
"How I feel when my ex drunk dials me to tell me he's moved on."
"It's like the damn Bermuda Triangle!"
"Annnnnnnnd this is by far the coolest bed(nest) i have seen."
"The phantom minister"
"Exercise buddies"
"Redditor Motivation: Take a Walk"
"Aha!"
"Just a pinch"
"On a match head."
"How it feels to finally hit the front page"
"14 year olds at death metal shows"
"Decided to try my hand at one of these music-enhanced GIFs. With kitties!"
"Bump it."
"Party's over  guys. Time to go home."
"For the campers"
"So my friend gave her rabbit a cherry . . ."
"Bill Murray"
"Like a Boss."
"The text isn't needed...."
"The other kind of animal abuse."
"And the Winner is!"
"Neal Stephenson  Neil Armstrong  and Neil Gaiman"
"The Island Yacht (x-post /r/IfIWonTheLottery)"
"Shark Attack!!!!!!"
"Trolling friends 101"
"When siblings fight"
"Our Get Along Shirt"
"Crazy Nyan Cat"
"Seriously  don't touch it."
"Daughter of the year"
"When I'm about to beat the Elite Four and lose to a critical hit"
"Scruffy's gonna die the way he lived."
"Paula deen + Katy Perry"
"Tree and sidewalk merge."
"Decerves a repost [x-post from /r/faceswap]"
"Understandably  there's been many complaints about lack of OC. You're welcome."
"On Kitchen Floor. NOPE!"
"Flawless Victory"
"Never riding that bus again."
"Bus driver uppercut (Toasty!-fied)"
"&quot;Imagine a puddle waking up one morning and thinking...&quot; - Douglas Adams"
"Where did the white man go wrong?"
"Sometimes it's okay to fall apart"
"What I believe Reddit thinks of my real life cake day"
"tumblr strikes again"
"was seeing if the old website for the movie Titan A.E was still up and got redirected to this"
"Eat it."
"Join the Resistance!"
"10 BEGINNER Questions for Dota 2."
"Scary Beautiful"
"what to do when someone &quot;gets in your face&quot;"
"Proud of himself"
"Racist MLK day school lunch menu (x-post from r/im14andthisiswtf )"
"Ok  bro... Bro  ok.... Bro... Really  bro  it's ok...."
"I love this logic (xpost from r/howyoudoin)"
"Beep Boop Beep Bop BEEEEPPP BOPPP!!!"
"Facepalm"
"I'm not sure if I should put this here or at /wtf"
"What is wrong with some people"
"Seriously..fuck poison ivy."
"discipline level: hunter s. thompson"
"Imgur Roulette and found this. Being a dumbass for not knowing how to clean your mirror is so priceless."
"I think you will like this little dance. [x-post from gifsounds]"
"Chihuahua  arriba arriba!"
"How I feel after the first sip of my morning coffee"
"So.. a dancing Chihuahua."
"I have no idea why this was in my pictures folder"
"You get some bees and you get some bees"
"What Oprah's really giving away..."
"I will never stop laughing at this gif!"
"Never gets old."
"Oprah  Bees!"
"Australian barbeques right now"
"Found this in the comments of another link  still can't stop laughing"
"COOL STARRY BRA!"
"TIL Neil DeGrasse Tyson could probably kick my ass!"
"Neil deGrasse Tyson as a younger man."
"Forever Alone"
"You tell 'em  kid"
"Parade Rage"
"Barack Obama - The Re-Election"
"Posting in r/gaming"
"Average weekend in Russia"
"Whole Lotta' Rhythm Goin' Down"
"How I imagine what it's like to be a Jehovah's Witness."
"The face of God"
"A false color image of a micro crack in steel  viewed through an electron microscope"
"Whenever I see guests are over."
"Paranormal Cativity - Imgur"
"When the clock hits 5pm on friday and I'm in the middle of work"
"I wish these guys could do the TV commentary for the olympics. [FIXED] [FIXED] [FIXED](x-post from r/communtiy)"
"Come At Me Bro"
"Yea you better walk away!"
"Dog With an Attitude"
"My dog and I have a love-hate relationship"
"Just a Little Bit Softer Now"
"Thanks for ruining rule #32  Hostess!"
"How I feel now that Hostess is going out of business."
"Cannot stop looking at this..."
"Fucking Toaster Strudels."
"I'm getting married on Sunday. This is how I felt waking up today."
"this amazing man is back with an all new season...fuck yeah"
"Then &amp; Now FAIL"
"The childhood picture recreation winner"
"Before/after picture... Only slightly disturbing"
"Just died laughing"
"Do you mind if I...?"
"Need A Good Lawyer?"
"Better than a pick-up line..."
"BUMP!"
"Yep  Japan."
"Got bored and went into r/spacedicks. This was me after two posts"
"Just realized I only have 1h30m left on my cakeday and I haven't posted anything"
"I pity the fool who would try to do what First Lady Nancy Reagan is doing right here."
"I used to be a kid like you (x-post from r/skyrim)"
"So I guess Batman plays Skyrim"
"Go home rainbow."
"He does kind of look like Zakk Wylde [FIXED]"
"The second i get my hands on my friends guitar."
"Sweet home alabama"
"Michael Clarke Duncan  R.I.P......wait what?"
"Piranha eating an alligator... or not"
"Yoda with human skin color"
"Another classic Spongebob moment"
"How I feel trying to reach the front page."
"cool cat"
"Tastes good man"
"Thirsty Kitty"
"DAMN SON."
"headshot"
"If only I could live above the clouds....."
"It was inevitable."
"&quot;The Last Supper&quot; painting was found to be a fraud after the true original was discovered"
"The One True God Who Shall Not Be Named"
"Dragon Falls  Venezuela (xpost from pics  1680x1050)"
"Breath-taking view down Dragon Falls  Venezuela"
"He sees what you did."
"Helicopter Cat"
"Flipper!"
"They see me swimmin' and flyin'"
"Meanwhile"
"Meanwhile  in Chernobyl"
"Meanwhile In..."
"His &amp; Her Diary From the Same Day"
"Men have their priorities in line..."
"What I actually look like when I dance."
"oh look  reddit left home"
"Woman on bus eating tub of mayonnaise"
"A nice snack for the bus journey"
"well  mayo IS a pretty good snack"
"When I get the first comment on a post that I know is going to make the front page."
"TO ADVENTURE!"
"Its probably for the best that Wilson was lost at sea."
"See a BLACK/WHITE image in color (optical illusion)"
"Stare at the dot. (classic &amp; x-post from whoadude)"
"In Your Own Rooms Please...."
"Please masturbate in your room."
"So this was on my newsfeed. I still dont understand..."
"Well played Hershey's  well played"
"My zoo is asking for donations of head and shoulders"
"Only at Disneys MGM Studios"
"Every time I Try and Unsubscribe From r/atheism"
"Happy birthday you magnificent bastard!"
"The difference between early and late 20's hangovers"
"(xpost from /r/gifsound)"
"I walked into the wrong hotel convention room..."
"Realizing it's your cake-day"
"GIF of the day  courtesy of Gangnam Style!"
"Whack-A-Kitty!"
"Louis CK on gay marriage."
"This subreddit needs more elephants."
"What home computers looked like in 2004 -projected"
"Tongues"
"My Mum sent me this whilst she was at the store"
"The tablecloth trick"
"When something cool goes wrong"
"Fuck gravit... ahh wtf!"
"What i showed my kids when they asked for a trampoline (possible nsfl)"
"Giant Rubber Duck"
"Haters Gonna Hate"
"Payback"
"I see your picture of Johnny Cash with a cat and I raise you Freddie Mercury with a cat."
"Happy Birthday Mr. Mercury"
"Asshole"
"Asshole"
"Forever alone"
"And right when I started to believe in Felix..."
"I feel used..."
"Red Bull Free Fall - Behind the Scenes"
"When there's a post with a really long title."
"Whenever I see a imgur post with 30+ gifs attached."
"Youtube links on /r/funny"
"My opinion on Ikea instructions"
"Every time a store asks me to sign up for a &quot;rewards card&quot;"
"GIF's on r/funny"
"the look of true victory"
"How it feels when someone posts something you were about to post."
"MFW I downvote your shitty cakeday post."
"Awesome Iron Man Stained Glass Lamp"
"American Gothic: The couple from the painting."
"Cool Idea  Bro"
"Hit and Run"
"Its my cakeday  so here's a coffee mug crab!"
"Suddenly  bye."
"one of the best GIF I have ever seen"
"Real Friends That Always Got Your Back"
"wait what did just happen?"
"Come at me  br... OK  you win!"
"Morgan Freeman has a cat on his head. Your argument is invalid."
"This is why we stopped going to the petting zoo..."
"Ass is looking at a little girl eaten by camel."
